22) 0) text: MELBA, The Shooter's woman, is sitting up in bed working her eyebrows and listening to MUSIC turned up LOUD on a r The bedside phone RINGS, barely audible above the radio. answers it.
22) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello... Yes, it is. You want him? (calling) Shooter! Telephone! Shooter!
22) 3) dialog: Phone for you. I always seem to be  the one to answer it, no matter who  it's for.
22) 5) dialog: Are you kidding?
24) 2) text: The Shooter sits down on the edge of Melba's bed, the mov jostling her so she pricks herself with her tweezers. She exclaims in protest and gives him a dirty look that makes The Shooter stand right up again.
27) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Christian and Melba looking the display.
27) 3) dialog: Wouldn't be much point wearing it in  private. Sure, why not, as long as  you don't have a bulge to hide?
27) 6) dialog: (looking her over) My guess is there isn't anything  about you needs hiding. But I'll  give you a more definitive opinion  at the bath.
27) 8) dialog: Turkish Bath. After we're through  shopping. I'm treating you, Christian.
27) 10) dialog: You don't do anything. That's what's  so marvelous. They do it to you. (TIME LAPSE)
28) 0) text: CAMERA finds Christian and Melba among the perspiring fem
28) 2) dialog: And that side of it's held up? No  complaints in the bed department?
28) 4) dialog: (intrigued) Yes?
28) 6) dialog: He really does that to you, does he?  You got one of the rare ones. (TIME LAPSE)
29) 0) text: Christian and Melba are on adjoining rubbing tables, a cu separating them from the waist down only. Their heads are close enough so they can talk without their masseurs  necessarily hearing every word they say.
29) 2) dialog: According to the propaganda, right.
29) 4) dialog: No, honey, the stock crash wafted me  right from the daisy chain into  unmarried bliss.
29) 6) dialog: Sure. Some girls solve the problem  by taking on an extra guy.
29) 8) dialog: Your most sordid secrets are safe  with me. Confess.
29) 10) dialog: Why don't you give him both?
29) 12) dialog: Somehow! Are you sincere, sweetie? (reacting to the  masseur's touch) Oooo -- divine. (to Christian) Isn't this heaven?
29) 15) dialog: Decadent? Depraved?
29) 17) dialog: Wicked?
29) 19) dialog: That's what I meant by heaven.
31) 0) text: It is early evening. The Kid approaches the restaurant wi Christian on one arm, Melba on the other.
31) 2) dialog: Better not. Shooter said they'd break  at seven, and he has to have his  food first, then his nap. (looking The Kid over) You know, there's a day in your life  I'm looking forward to.
31) 4) dialog: The day The Kid becomes The Man.
47) 2) text: The Kid and Melba join them.
47) 5) dialog: (in a whisper) Lay off that.
47) 8) text: He and Melba sit down.
47) 14) text: While he is talking, Melba unbuttons his shirt.
47) 15) dialog: Get some of this sun.
47) 18) text: He takes his shirt off. Melba finds some suntan lotion in her bag, and applies it to her face and arms, her eyes ra straying from The Kid.
48) 3) dialog: (to Kid) Let me give you some of this. Keep  you from burning.
48) 5) dialog: Can't hurt you.
48) 9) text: The men concentrate their attention on the diamond. CAMER MOVES IN to Melba's fingers playing across The Kid's midr From the field comes the sharp CRACK of a bat against a b followed by a SHOUT from the crowd. CAMERA PANS UP to the faces of Melba and The Kid as he looks at her and she mee his gaze with inviting eyes.
48) 11) dialog: (softly) Mais tu es charmant --
49) 0) dialog: With the same look of invitation in her eyes.
49) 1) dialog: Charmant. Come here, please.
49) 4) dialog: Me. I'm special.
49) 7) dialog: Right. And maybe I'll go on being  The Shooter's Woman, even after you  and I have had our little romp. What  do you think about that?
49) 9) dialog: No barging. He doesn't have his key  with him. (stands up) Have to buzz from downstairs. (moves toward him  provocatively) So we can treat ourselves to a little  sample of things to come.
49) 12) dialog: Honey, she lost her franchise the  minute she got on that bus. You know  that. (her arms around him) I have a shaky sense of security,  Kid. Don't make me feel unwanted.
49) 14) dialog: No good?
49) 16) dialog: What do we need cards for?
53) 1) dialog: Still building eights.
53) 4) dialog: It's not my game.
53) 6) dialog: Want to know what is?
53) 8) dialog: (into phone) Hello -- Oh, hi, sugar -- why not?
53) 11) dialog: (into phone) What's the switch?
53) 13) dialog: (into phone) Whose idea was that?
53) 15) dialog: (to Kid) He's not coming home now.
53) 17) dialog: (into phone) Whatever you say, Shooter man.
55) 0) text: Melba in her bra and panties, snuggles against The Kid.
55) 1) dialog: (into phone) He'll understand.
57) 2) dialog: I have to tell you first. You're  sitting down with Lancey next Monday  night.
57) 4) dialog: Shooter'll give you all the details  later.
57) 6) dialog: Let's not kick a gift horse in the  teeth, sugar. We've got this time  together. Let's try to "fill each  unforgiving minute with sixty seconds  worth of distance run."
57) 9) dialog: Then let's cut the filibuster.
57) 11) dialog: Of course. Any other attitude, you're  degrading the woman. You're not  treating her as a person with a mind  of her own, but as somebody's  property.
57) 14) dialog: I thought we just agreed that what  you and I did was strictly between  us.
57) 16) text: He starts out. Melba stares after him, scarcely able to  believe what is being done to her.
57) 17) dialog: Sure, it means I'm your mother.
67) 1) dialog: (into phone) I'm not asking for him.
82) 0) text: The Shooter is awake because he can't sleep, and Melba is awake because she is trying to persuade him to do what sh considers prudent. He sighs deeply as she solicitously po him a cup of coffee.
82) 2) dialog: Handle this thing right and your  reputation will be better than ever.
87) 0) text: Melba and Shooter have finished dressing, and he waits by the door while she does the inevitable last-minute things her makeup.
87) 2) dialog: I'm glad you're taking a stand.
87) 4) dialog: You'll make it happen, Baby. I've  got faith in you --
91) 2) text: CAMERA MOVES to take in the people around him, one after  another. The Shooter is there, and Pig and Sokal and Hoba and Melba and Hoban's woman and a couple of other women w main attributes are physical, and Bill Schlaegel. Out of  town representatives include LADY FINGERS, who is about f down on her luck but still cheerful and remarkably energe and YELLER, a light-skinned Negro who has achieved statur in what is mainly a white man's world, through diplomacy a quick wit. The room is the large living-room of a once  splendid suite; there are enough chairs and couches aroun the walls to accommodate a good many spectators, while th middle of the room has been cleared for a round table wit seven chairs.
91) 13) dialog: Mow the man down, sugar pie, make it  quick and bloody. Been too many lean  years for all of us.
91) 15) dialog: I'm not talking about the old Shooter.  He's been factory rebuilt. A new  spirit dwelleth in him, and his gaze  is on distant hills.
93) 0) text: Melba fills a beer glass from a bottle and serves it to T Shooter.
93) 2) dialog: I know what you mean. I like a man  to have plenty of assurance.
96) 0) dialog: She is in the final stages of undressing. CAMERA MOVES wi her as she steps to The Kid's bedside and gets into bed w him. Having accomplished this without waking him, she spe into his ear in imitation of a hotel phone operator.
96) 1) dialog: Good afternoon, sir. It's exactly  four o'clock.
96) 2) text: He awakens in considerable confusion. Melba is amused by difficulty in adjusting to his circumstances.
96) 3) dialog: It's really only about twenty-five  to four. You can stay right where  you are.
96) 5) dialog: You mean you don't remember last  night? We drank all that champagne  and you said "Let's get married right  away," and we chartered a plane to --
96) 7) dialog: I locked the door. It's incredible  the way you invariably worry about  The Shooter.
96) 9) dialog: Worrying takes time and we don't  have a lot.
96) 11) dialog: Does it really matter so much to you  now, that sense of obligation to The  Shooter?
96) 13) dialog: Obligations are not what I have in  mind.
98) 2) text: Melba, who is dressed again and applying her lipstick, co into the SHOT, takes a towel from a rack and hands it to after he opens the shower door. He gives himself a quick  once-over with it, the secures it around his waist, steps out of the shower stall, and begins the process of shavin Melba meanwhile finishes restoring her makeup.
98) 3) dialog: You any idea how much The Shooter  has involved in this game of yours?
98) 5) dialog: It's worse than that. Schlaegel staked  him for three years. He has his hooks  so deep in Shooter Man, he'll take  out his liver when he pulls them  out.
98) 8) dialog: I'm asking you to consider whether  your ego is worth destroying another  man's whole life.
98) 10) dialog: What kind of switch is this? You  criticize me for trying to chippie  on him, then I get a little loyal  and you're at me for that.
98) 13) dialog: Rolls and coffee for the hard-headed  hero.
98) 15) dialog: Believe me Kid there is too much at  stake for us to rely on your doing  it on your own.
98) 16) text: She has paused at the door to finish her sentence. Now sh unlocks and opens it -- to Christian. Melba is so taken a she can't do anything but stand there holding the door op The Kid, in the bathroom in f.g., is similarly frozen in tracks. After a moment Christian advances into the room. REVERSE ANGLE - CHRISTIAN IN F.G. The scene as it looks to Christian is circumstantially  incriminating. CAMERA MOVES with her gaze from The Kid to the one mussed bed, to Melba. The faces and the silence o the two people are even more incriminating than the  circumstances.
98) 19) dialog: Yeah, I woke him up.
98) 21) dialog: No, I didn't find it any trouble. (awkwardly) Well, you children don't need me,  that's for sure. See you downstairs. (to Christian) You, too, honey, right?
98) 24) dialog: Por nada, as they say. It was nothing.
99) 3) text: CAMERA MOVES on PAST a window, showing it is night outsid past a group of other spectators; past Bill, Shooter and  Melba who watch the game grimly; and finally to the table where The Shooter is dealing again. The Kid is down to hi undershirt, and even Lancey has made a few concessions to comfort. The players have just been dealt their third car Christian moves up to stand behind The Kid.
104) 0) text: Shuffling the cards. CAMERA PULLS BACK enough to see his  face as he looks across at The Kid. CAMERA PANS to a CLOS SHOT of The Kid, and then past a couple of spectators,  including Christian and Melba, to Bill, whose eyes are on The Kid. Finally CAMERA PANS back to The Kid.
106) 9) text: CAMERA MOVES to the other four remaining spectators:  Christian, Melba, The Shooter and Bill. They are close en to see the cards but too close to discuss them.
106) 27) text: Christian looks at them, then at The Kid. Hesitates a mom then suddenly gets to her feet and starts for the door. O Melba notices her, and even she doesn't have time to ques her. CAMERA FOLLOWS Christian to the suite entrance, wher she picks up her bag then turns to look back at the table
107) 25) text: The Kid, Lancey, Shooter, Melba, Schlaegel, Yeller, Hoban and others as they realize this could be the big hand.
107) 67) text: As he settles up, the CAMERA FOLLOWS The Kid to his brand bottle. As he pours himself a slug, Melba and Shooter joi him.
107) 69) dialog: You had to do it, didn't you -- you  had to go for it your own way. (then, as The Kid  doesn't answer) Well, sonny, I hope you learned  something. I know we sure as hell  did.
107) 71) dialog: She's gone. She's got too much sense  to stick with a two bit loser.
107) 76) text: Shooter looks at him a moment and nods, and taking Melba the arm, moves toward the door followed by Felix.
107) 77) dialog: Why me -- I'm not part of this.
107) 80) text: Melba starts to protest, but Felix jerks her out the door Shooter hesitates, then follows.