47) 0) text: They start on their way again. CAMERA PANS ahead of them a group consisting of Hoban; HOBAN'S WOMAN, still sexy in her forties; PIG, whose name could derive with equal  justification from either his looks or his manners; and S who talks colloquial American with a Central European acc The group as a whole is notable because its members have risen to their feet with everyone else, because all the m are basking in the sun with their shirts off, because the view the action on the field with detachment, and because nevertheless, they are constantly placing bets on details the game. Now, as people around them resume their seats,  Sokal is able to confirm that the fly ball has been caugh
47) 6) dialog: What'd she do, take off? So did mine.  Don't lose no sweat, Kid, there's  plenty more where they came from.  All shapes and sizes.
48) 2) dialog: (to Kid) Everybody been on the phone to  everybody about coming to watch you  and Lancey. Big Spriigi, Yeller to  N'Orleans, Old Lady Fingers. They're  all coming.
91) 2) text: CAMERA MOVES to take in the people around him, one after  another. The Shooter is there, and Pig and Sokal and Hoba and Melba and Hoban's woman and a couple of other women w main attributes are physical, and Bill Schlaegel. Out of  town representatives include LADY FINGERS, who is about f down on her luck but still cheerful and remarkably energe and YELLER, a light-skinned Negro who has achieved statur in what is mainly a white man's world, through diplomacy a quick wit. The room is the large living-room of a once  splendid suite; there are enough chairs and couches aroun the walls to accommodate a good many spectators, while th middle of the room has been cleared for a round table wit seven chairs.
91) 78) text: Consulting the others is a formality, but all four of the Yeller, Shooter, Pig and Sokal -- nod or grunt or otherwi indicate assent.
91) 104) text: CAMERA PANS to Pig as he brings out a roll and drops it  casually in front of him.
91) 105) dialog: I'll play with what I have in my  pocket till I have to send out for  more. Twenty-seven, twenty-eight  hundred, I don't know.
92) 0) text: It is around midnight, and there is a more settled look t the game; some of the players have removed their coats, a there is a good deal of smoke in the air. The Kid has a c of coffee by him, presumably with brandy in it; Lancey ha his frappe; Pig is drinking whiskey; the Shooter and Yell have bottles of bear. It is the end of a hand. With about six hundred dollars in the pot, Pig, who has been called, turns over his hole card triumphantly.
92) 1) dialog: Aces over eights. (waits for a challenge,  but the others turn  their cards) Thank you, gents. (as he pulls in money,  to Yeller) Be a laugh if the two champs ended  up cleaned.
92) 13) dialog: In for twenty.
92) 17) dialog: (after studying the  board) Up two hundred dollars.
92) 29) dialog: (trying to be casual) Bet the size of the pot. Nine hundred  and eighty dollars.
92) 37) dialog: (counting his money,  trying to be calm) Pair of sevens will bet whatever I  got here. Twenty-four hundred bucks.
92) 44) text: All eyes are on Pig, which doesn't make it any easier for him. He just sits there, his hands shaking.
92) 46) text: There is another long moment before Pig flips over his up cards.
92) 47) dialog: No, I'm out. Out of the game.
92) 48) text: He looks at Lancey with malevolence. Lancey turns over hi up cards and tosses them in front of The Shooter. Pig sud lunges toward the cards, wanting a look at Lancey's hole  card, but Lancey is too quick for him and pushes the card into the pack The Shooter is assembling.
92) 50) text: Pig is suffering, weighing the advantages and disadvantag of making the dread admission. Finally he nods. The Shoot takes a ten dollar bill from his own stake, and the other four remaining players each add a ten. The Shooter pushes the money toward Pig.
92) 51) dialog: I got a woman.
92) 53) dialog: We're back.
92) 54) text: The other players look at The Shooter to see if he is goi to accept this statement at face value. He nods, that he  does, and each man contributes another ten. The Shooter p the second fifty to Pig.
92) 57) dialog: (getting up) So long.
92) 58) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS him to the door. The spectators make room him, no one saying anything. At the door, Pig turns back his valedictory gesture.
92) 59) dialog: Good luck -- Kid.