16) 2) dialog: Hell, I can't not tell him.
16) 8) dialog: Where you been? Boys been holding a  chair for you in back.
16) 10) dialog: Turn a profit?
16) 13) dialog: (concerned) You been in too many rough ones  lately, Kid. You can't go on forever,  coming out in one piece.
16) 17) dialog: (nodding) The streets are getting full of guys  you've hustled.
16) 19) dialog: (after a moment) The hell there isn't (as the Kid looks at  him) Lancey Hodges' in town.
18) 0) text: Harold Street leads to the river and we follow The Kid an The Shooter as they walk down it in the gathering dusk.
18) 1) dialog: (lighting a cigar) I been seeing it coming for a long  time, Kid. Long time.
18) 3) dialog: No, you ain't been hiding it.
18) 5) dialog: Sure, you got to know. We all got to  know.
18) 7) dialog: That's why I had to tell you.
18) 9) dialog: Yes, I have.
18) 10) text: They walk along, The Shooter pursing his lips thoughtfull
18) 12) dialog: Nothing. Nothing at all.
18) 14) dialog: I didn't lose. I'm too good to lose  when I set my mind to it. I play  poker a certain way, Kid. I've had  my Lancey Hodges. Only with me it  was Whistling Sam Magee to New  Orleans.
18) 16) dialog: Well then you know it all... about  20 years ago it was, maybe more.
18) 18) dialog: Why, I lost it. It dried me up on  the inside for a long, a very long  time.
18) 20) dialog: I been where I'm going, know what I  mean?
19) 0) text: They walk out on the pier and eventually stop, look out a the river, watching the working boats. They have their  thoughts; The Shooter smoking his cigar.
19) 2) dialog: (after some time,  several seconds of  thoughtful puffing) Kid, I don't think you're ready.
19) 4) dialog: But you're not going to take my word  for it, are you? Are you now?
19) 6) dialog: I know, I know. You got to find out  for yourself.
19) 8) dialog: I already said I didn't think you  were ready.
19) 10) dialog: Kid, I thought I was the best stud  poker player in the world. I'm telling  you now, I thought I was the best.
19) 12) dialog: No, you ain't no cocky square. And  you probably got something.
19) 14) dialog: If you got the stuff, being a little  cocky don't hurt you none.
19) 16) dialog: This much of a chance. If Lancey is  not right. If he's got a cold, or  his stomach ulcer is acting up, or  something like that.
19) 18) dialog: You're set on a real showdown, aren't  you? Your mind's all made up.
19) 21) dialog: Yeah, you been around a long time --  I was a lot younger than you when I  went up against Whistling Sam -- But  you'd be kinda young too, to be The  Man.
19) 23) dialog: (after a pause) Want me to set it up?
19) 25) dialog: All right.
19) 27) dialog: He won't, the way I'll spread the  word. He'll have to take you on,  someone in your class. If he ducked  it, that'd make you The Man.
19) 29) dialog: He can smell meat like you a mile  and a half up the river. He knows  you're around and he'll sit down  with you. You want to butt heads  with The Man, I'll set it up.
19) 31) dialog: There's your woman.
19) 33) dialog: He must of come to St. Louis for a  big money game. I'll probably get  asked do I want to deal it for them.  And however long that takes, he'll  have to rest up for you.
19) 35) dialog: You got much of a stake?
19) 37) dialog: Work on it. But three grand will  give you a ride and even if you don't  win, why you'll come away with a  good idea of what you're made of.  But once you go in Kid you can't  quit. You get that straight right  now. Two of you go in and only one  of you can come out.
19) 40) dialog: It's the only way to be, Kid.
19) 41) text: Shooter turns away abruptly as Christian arrives, giving a brief nod.
19) 42) dialog: See you.
19) 43) text: The Kid takes Christian's arm automatically; he watches T Shooter walk way down Harold Street. He and Christian hea in another direction. She is humming a mountain tune.
22) 0) text: MELBA, The Shooter's woman, is sitting up in bed working her eyebrows and listening to MUSIC turned up LOUD on a r The bedside phone RINGS, barely audible above the radio. answers it.
22) 2) text: She gets no answer, which is no wonder in view of the noi from the radio. But the radio is across the room and it's slightly easier for her to get out of the side of the bed she's on, and go to the door of The Shooter's room. She o this and we see The Shooter in bed in his own small quart reading a magazine. He turns around inquiringly.
22) 4) dialog: (getting up) If you'd rather we put it in my room --
22) 6) text: The Shooter picks up the phone but before he speaks into he pantomimes to her that he won't be able to hear over t radio. She seems to regard the request as an imposition b she does go grudgingly to the radio and turns it down a l before she returns to her bed and her cosmetic chore.
22) 7) dialog: (into phone) Hello?... Well, hello. What brings  you to our fair city? Little action,  maybe?
24) 1) dialog: (into phone) Owns most of the Schlaegel Brewery.  Braumeister beer.
24) 2) text: The Shooter sits down on the edge of Melba's bed, the mov jostling her so she pricks herself with her tweezers. She exclaims in protest and gives him a dirty look that makes The Shooter stand right up again.
30) 0) text: Lancey, Shooter and five other men are sitting in comfort padded chairs around a well-appointed poker table. Everyt about the game is in sharp contrast to the one The Kid pl in. It is played with chips - expensive ones; there are a couple of bottles of wine on ice, fine cigars, a tray of  sandwiches, etc. Lancey's opponents are all wealthy types two of them could be Texas oil men. The youngest, a good- looking man of thirty, is BILL SCHLAEGEL. The Shooter, as nonplaying dealer, distributes fifth cards to the four  remaining players in the hand, and both Lancey and Bill e up with four cards of one suit showing.
30) 1) dialog: (as he deals) Still queens -- possible flush -- no  help -- possible flush.
30) 21) dialog: You'll enjoy his game.
30) 23) dialog: The tougher the competition, the  better you used to like it.
41) 2) dialog: Four.
41) 3) text: The Shooter takes advantage of the lull in the proceeding to move to the telephone.
41) 7) text: Bill puts his check down in front of The Shooter's place, and gets to his feet.
41) 9) text: CAMERA MOVES with Bill as he passes The Shooter, who is  waiting on the phone while the hotel operator dials his  number. Bill gives him a friendly pat on the back, and sp in a low, harsh voice for The Shooter's ears alone.
41) 11) text: Bill goes out. Shooter looks after him as his party comes the phone.
41) 12) dialog: (into phone) Hi, Kid. Shooter here. Listen, I  told the woman I'd take her to the  ball park, but I'm still working.  How about you and Christian take her  out?
43) 1) dialog: (into phone) Oh. (then) Well listen, would you mind taking  her yourself? The gang'll be there,  in the section... Thanks. Appreciate  it. See you.
50) 0) text: The poker game is over. Two of the Wealthy Types have alr departed; one is finishing a drink on the way out; anothe is putting his winnings into his wallet; a third is writi out a check. Lancey and The Shooter still sit at the tabl in f.g.
50) 1) dialog: Lady Fingers'll want to come, I bet,  and she's right on the edge of her  stake. She could spell me dealing.
50) 3) dialog: Well, that's it, then. Monday night,  Room Three-Eleven at the Dorset Hotel.  And may the best man win.
50) 5) dialog: Yeah, he's going to give you trouble.
50) 7) dialog: Like the session with The Portugee  at Jolly's in Omaha. Remember?
50) 9) dialog: You win?
50) 11) dialog: You been around a long time.
50) 13) dialog: Twenty-six, twenty-eight, something  like that.
51) 0) text: He is standing by an elevator in f.g. keeping watch on a of room doors including the site of the poker game. FELIX an impressive physical specimen whose capacity for brutal is masked by a quiet, deferential manner. When he sees a  door open, he moves so as to be out of The Shooter's sigh as the latter comes toward him. It isn't until The Shoote rounds the corner in f.g. and presses the button for the  elevator that Felix makes his presence known.
51) 2) text: The doors of the elevator open. Felix yields precedence t The Shooter and they enter it. The doors close.
52) 0) text: An elevator opens, and The Shooter and Felix come out.
52) 1) dialog: I ought to call my woman.
52) 3) text: CAMERA MOVES with them as The Shooter leads the way to a of telephone booths and enters one.
54) 1) dialog: (into phone) Explain to The Kid, will you?
56) 1) dialog: (into phone) Tell him they decided to play a little  longer, and I'll call him at his  place later when the game's over...  Right. Goodbye, honey.
58) 0) text: An expensive automobile, with Felix at the wheel and The  Shooter next to him in the front seat, approaches the mai house of a lavish estate in a St. Louis suburb. It contin along the driveway past the house.
61) 0) text: SHOOTING from behind The Shooter as he approaches the  attractive family group that includes, besides Bill and t baby, a FIVE-YEAR-OLD GIRL who is having her hair brushed after swimming by ROSANNA SCHLAEGEL, her beautiful mother family dog completes the picture. Bill continues to feed baby as he hails The Shooter.
61) 2) dialog: (greeting them in  turn) Mrs. Schlaegel. How are you, June.  What's it all about, Bill?
61) 6) dialog: Great. Whatever.
61) 11) dialog: Betting interest?
61) 13) dialog: Fifty thousand!
61) 15) dialog: I knew you liked The Kid's style but  why you going in so deep?
61) 17) dialog: But how can you be so sure? The Kid  could do it, we both know that, but --
61) 19) dialog: Not a chance, Bill. You ought to  know I never ever use what I got  with the cards for nothing but tricks  and dressing up a game.
61) 21) dialog: It's out. Out.
61) 23) dialog: Understand this, Bill. I'd like for  The Kid to win, and I sure as hell  don't want to see you lose all that  money --
61) 25) dialog: OK but I'm paying it off! It's comin'  in ain't it? Six grand already. (then as Bill just  looks at him) Bill, you got to listen to me --!
61) 27) dialog: For God's sake --!
82) 0) text: The Shooter is awake because he can't sleep, and Melba is awake because she is trying to persuade him to do what sh considers prudent. He sighs deeply as she solicitously po him a cup of coffee.
82) 1) dialog: Twenty-five years I been building a  reputation.
87) 0) text: Melba and Shooter have finished dressing, and he waits by the door while she does the inevitable last-minute things her makeup.
87) 1) dialog: I made up my mind to this. I ain't  going to give him any help till he  needs it.
87) 3) dialog: Hey, what if he starts off lucky and  stays ahead of the game the whole  way. It could happen, you know.
91) 2) text: CAMERA MOVES to take in the people around him, one after  another. The Shooter is there, and Pig and Sokal and Hoba and Melba and Hoban's woman and a couple of other women w main attributes are physical, and Bill Schlaegel. Out of  town representatives include LADY FINGERS, who is about f down on her luck but still cheerful and remarkably energe and YELLER, a light-skinned Negro who has achieved statur in what is mainly a white man's world, through diplomacy a quick wit. The room is the large living-room of a once  splendid suite; there are enough chairs and couches aroun the walls to accommodate a good many spectators, while th middle of the room has been cleared for a round table wit seven chairs.
91) 3) dialog: We ain't seen much of you though,  last seven, eight years.
91) 44) text: He turns toward the center of the room. The Shooter follo him.
91) 46) dialog: It's an old table. Everything's pretty  old in this hotel.
91) 50) dialog: Two hundred watt bulb.
91) 54) dialog: Thank you, gents. Tried to do the  best I could. (looks from one to  the other) Cards?
91) 57) dialog: (calling) Hoban! Okay! (to Kid and Lancey) You both know Joe Hoban. He's a draw  poker man, but clean and straight as  they come.
91) 60) dialog: Hoban's selling them to us at five  dollars a pack, with the usual  guarantee. If it's proved any deck  is spooked, he pays off the losers.
91) 70) dialog: Four of us. Me, Pig, Yeller and Doc  Sokal. If that's all right with you  both?
91) 78) text: Consulting the others is a formality, but all four of the Yeller, Shooter, Pig and Sokal -- nod or grunt or otherwi indicate assent.
91) 82) dialog: That's thoughtful of you, Bill.
91) 86) text: The Kid, following protocol, moves to a seat directly acr from Lancey's. The Shooter takes his place at the table  halfway between The Kid and Lancey, and pulls the twenty- five eligible packs of cards to him.
91) 87) dialog: You want to have the usual brandy  and coffee on hand, Kid? Anything  special for you, Lancey?
91) 89) dialog: (glances around) You got that, Hoban? (to the table) Gentlemen, if there are no objections,  I'm the dealer. These rooms have  been contracted for, and there will  be an ante of ten dollars per chair,  per day. During the breaks for me,  Old Lady Fingers has agreed to deal,  but she don't care to be a player --
91) 93) dialog: Lady Fingers will get three dollars  an hour from the ante, plus her room  and food, and a five-minute break  every hour. Gents?
91) 98) dialog: Gentlemen, this is a game of five- card stud poker. There is no limit.  A dead man has one half hour to raise  his roll outside and get back in the  game.
91) 108) text: CAMERA PANS to The Shooter, who is counting out a smaller stake than anyone.
91) 109) dialog: Last and certainly least --
91) 116) dialog: Seven, nine, trey, nine, ace, and  The Shooter guns up a ten. Ace bets.
91) 118) dialog: Dealer folds.
91) 125) dialog: King to the seven, pair of nines,  deuce to the trey, queen-nine, ace- eight.
91) 127) text: Each other player folds in turn. The Shooter pulls in the cards, and The Kid pulls in the seventy dollars. The Shoo shuffles and deals again.
91) 128) dialog: Queen, ten, king, four, ace again,  and a king for The Shooter.
91) 130) dialog: King over.
91) 137) text: Unhesitatingly, The Shooter pulls in the cards, separates them into four or five piles, and tears each pile in two. glances around, and Hoban comes up behind him. The Shoote hands him the torn-up cards and unseals another pack, goi through the same routine of throwing the jokers into his  hat. (TIME LAPSE)
92) 0) text: It is around midnight, and there is a more settled look t the game; some of the players have removed their coats, a there is a good deal of smoke in the air. The Kid has a c of coffee by him, presumably with brandy in it; Lancey ha his frappe; Pig is drinking whiskey; the Shooter and Yell have bottles of bear. It is the end of a hand. With about six hundred dollars in the pot, Pig, who has been called, turns over his hole card triumphantly.
92) 12) text: Lancey calls, Shooter drops, Sokal calls, The Kid drops.
92) 14) dialog: (dealing) To the nine a ten, to the queen a  seven, to the king a jack, and to  the jack a jack.
92) 26) dialog: Possible straight flush, pair of  sevens. Pair of jacks are still high.
92) 36) dialog: Busted, no flush, no straight. Pair  of sevens with a queen gets a nine.  To the pair of jacks, a trey.
92) 45) dialog: Fourteen fifty to the queens. You  want to take your half hour, Pig?
92) 48) text: He looks at Lancey with malevolence. Lancey turns over hi up cards and tosses them in front of The Shooter. Pig sud lunges toward the cards, wanting a look at Lancey's hole  card, but Lancey is too quick for him and pushes the card into the pack The Shooter is assembling.
92) 49) dialog: (to Pig) You Tap City?
92) 50) text: Pig is suffering, weighing the advantages and disadvantag of making the dread admission. Finally he nods. The Shoot takes a ten dollar bill from his own stake, and the other four remaining players each add a ten. The Shooter pushes the money toward Pig.
92) 52) dialog: I thought you and Hilda were quits.
92) 54) text: The other players look at The Shooter to see if he is goi to accept this statement at face value. He nods, that he  does, and each man contributes another ten. The Shooter p the second fifty to Pig.
92) 55) dialog: See you around, Pig.
92) 62) dialog: He shouldn't have said that. Not  after taking Tap City from the table.
92) 67) text: With that, the tension is gone. But just to make sure, Th Shooter pushes his chair back.
92) 68) dialog: I know it's early, men, but what  about taking a little break? (TIME LAPSE)
93) 0) text: Melba fills a beer glass from a bottle and serves it to T Shooter.
93) 3) text: The Shooter's gaze wanders o.s. CAMERA MOVES to FEATURE t objects of his attention, who are Lady Fingers, Lancey an The Kid. The two men would like to talk to each other, bu Lady Finger's is monopolizing Lancey, and he doesn't want offend her.
93) 7) text: The Shooter comes to Lancey's rescue.
93) 8) dialog: Need your help, Lady Fingers... to  make arrangements for food and  shelter.
93) 54) text: Lady Fingers is sitting in Shooter's place, rippling and  shuffling the cards. Yeller, Sokal, and The Shooter are a either sitting at the table or standing near it. Lancey,  followed by The Kid, returns to the table.
94) 2) dialog: Bet the pot. Four hundred and twenty  dollars.
94) 5) dialog: Thanks, gents. Makes me exactly even.  This kind of a game, that's a smart  place to quit. (takes his money off  the table) Just do the dealing, if that's all  right with everybody. (TIME LAPSE)
94) 7) dialog: Ace-king is the high man.
94) 36) text: He turns to watch The Shooter. FEATURING THE SHOOTER'S HANDS - KID'S P.O.V. Again there is no indication of improper dealing as The  Shooter gives Lancey an odd card and The Kid a ten, compl his full house.
94) 40) text: He exits. After a moment The Shooter follows. Lancey watc them go then rises, apparently still fresh and strong. La Fingers joins him.
94) 48) dialog: (trying to bluff it) Nothing -- what are you talking about?
94) 51) dialog: (angry and ashamed) The hell I was. (he waits a brief  moment then eases  away from The Kid) Christ, Kid, even if I was you  couldn't spot it -- I'm too good a  mechanic for anybody to spot it.
94) 53) dialog: (a little shrill) You seen it before often enough. One  player draws four good ones.
94) 55) dialog: (slumping) My woman told you.
94) 57) dialog: (almost pleading) Why should you bitch if I give you a  little help?
94) 59) dialog: (backing off) Kid, you got to understand. It wasn't  my idea --
94) 61) dialog: He's got the squeeze on me Kid and  he's meaner than hell. He'll cut me  up if I don't come through. (then) You think I wanted to deal a phony  game? You think it don't mean  something to me? I never done a  crooked thing before in my life.
94) 63) dialog: He's liable to kill me.
94) 65) dialog: It is a hell of a chance to take.
94) 67) dialog: He ain't goin' to like it.
94) 69) dialog: I ride with you.
94) 71) text: Shooter looks at him, then moves towards the door.
94) 73) text: The Shooter goes out. The Kid crosses to the phone.
99) 3) text: CAMERA MOVES on PAST a window, showing it is night outsid past a group of other spectators; past Bill, Shooter and  Melba who watch the game grimly; and finally to the table where The Shooter is dealing again. The Kid is down to hi undershirt, and even Lancey has made a few concessions to comfort. The players have just been dealt their third car Christian moves up to stand behind The Kid.
101) 2) dialog: (simultaneously) Your fan on the fifth floor wants  you to have a bite with him. Alone.
101) 4) dialog: You better, Kid. You don't, you're  only making worse trouble.
104) 6) dialog: I'm okay. What The Kid's talking  about is nothing. It's just not  important.
104) 8) text: Lancey looks from The Kid to The Shooter, sensing that th may be something more behind this, but not knowing just w
106) 9) text: CAMERA MOVES to the other four remaining spectators:  Christian, Melba, The Shooter and Bill. They are close en to see the cards but too close to discuss them.
106) 15) dialog: (in a low voice) He's getting to him.
106) 26) dialog: We're in -- I think he's got him.
107) 25) text: The Kid, Lancey, Shooter, Melba, Schlaegel, Yeller, Hoban and others as they realize this could be the big hand.
107) 33) dialog: (knowing this is it) He's going for it and The Kid's got  him. He's going all the way.
107) 49) text: But The Shooter, like the Kid, is white-faced and frozen the raise.
107) 67) text: As he settles up, the CAMERA FOLLOWS The Kid to his brand bottle. As he pours himself a slug, Melba and Shooter joi him.
107) 72) dialog: Shut up. (then:) Sorry, Kid.
107) 74) dialog: (trying to grin as  Schlaegel and Felix  move up) Well, Kid, it's like I said -- you  just wasn't ready.
107) 76) text: Shooter looks at him a moment and nods, and taking Melba the arm, moves toward the door followed by Felix.
107) 78) dialog: (jerking her forward) Oh, yes you are -- you and your big  mouth -- you're part of it all right.
107) 80) text: Melba starts to protest, but Felix jerks her out the door Shooter hesitates, then follows.