47) 0) text: They start on their way again. CAMERA PANS ahead of them a group consisting of Hoban; HOBAN'S WOMAN, still sexy in her forties; PIG, whose name could derive with equal  justification from either his looks or his manners; and S who talks colloquial American with a Central European acc The group as a whole is notable because its members have risen to their feet with everyone else, because all the m are basking in the sun with their shirts off, because the view the action on the field with detachment, and because nevertheless, they are constantly placing bets on details the game. Now, as people around them resume their seats,  Sokal is able to confirm that the fly ball has been caugh
47) 1) dialog: (to Hoban) You owe me two fish on the out, plus  three on the inning, minus two on no  strikeouts so far.
47) 10) dialog: Five to three, I'll give you. Two- fifty against one-fifty.
47) 12) dialog: I figure they'll walk him. Fill up  first.
47) 16) dialog: (to The Kid) Mark it.
48) 1) dialog: So they pitched to him. I still win.
48) 8) dialog: (looking toward plate) Who we got -- Warwick? You got  yourself a bet, pal.
91) 2) text: CAMERA MOVES to take in the people around him, one after  another. The Shooter is there, and Pig and Sokal and Hoba and Melba and Hoban's woman and a couple of other women w main attributes are physical, and Bill Schlaegel. Out of  town representatives include LADY FINGERS, who is about f down on her luck but still cheerful and remarkably energe and YELLER, a light-skinned Negro who has achieved statur in what is mainly a white man's world, through diplomacy a quick wit. The room is the large living-room of a once  splendid suite; there are enough chairs and couches aroun the walls to accommodate a good many spectators, while th middle of the room has been cleared for a round table wit seven chairs.
91) 78) text: Consulting the others is a formality, but all four of the Yeller, Shooter, Pig and Sokal -- nod or grunt or otherwi indicate assent.
91) 106) text: CAMERA PANS past The Kid to Sokal, who is counting out bi from an impressive roll.
91) 107) dialog: Five G's, I'm with it. Don't mean  I'm goin' blow it all, though.
91) 119) dialog: Call the sawbuck.
92) 12) text: Lancey calls, Shooter drops, Sokal calls, The Kid drops.
92) 16) dialog: (who has the nine and  ten of clubs showing) I'm in.
92) 24) dialog: I'm sticking.
92) 28) dialog: Likewise.
92) 31) dialog: I'll play.
92) 64) dialog: At his age? Crazy.
93) 54) text: Lady Fingers is sitting in Shooter's place, rippling and  shuffling the cards. Yeller, Sokal, and The Shooter are a either sitting at the table or standing near it. Lancey,  followed by The Kid, returns to the table.
94) 3) dialog: Fold.
94) 8) dialog: Shoot the works. (counts it out) Nine hundred and thirty bucks.
94) 11) dialog: (unhappily) Doesn't matter. If you can call me,  you beat me. Ace-king high.
94) 14) dialog: Winds it up for me, men. And I can't  say it's been a pleasure. (despairingly) That one I was sure I could steal.