2) 2) text: The player nearest the window shuts it. The Dealer, who a owns the restaurant, is the talkative type of poker playe Except for THE CINCINNATI KID, the other men at the table look like hoods of one sort or another: gunmen, labor spi extortionists, what have you. The man who fancies himself the toughest of them all is named DANNY, and he and The K have almost all the money on the table between them, abou hundred dollars in front of each. No other player has mor than a few dollars left, and now, as fifth cards are deal there is about forty dollars in the pot. Only four men ar left in the hand.
2) 14) text: He turns over his cards, leaving it up to The Kid.
2) 20) text: Attending to first things first, The Kid has been pulling the pot, adding it to his own stake, and pocketing the to Now as Danny accuses him again, The Kid looks him squarel in the face.
3) 0) text: He is waiting when the door opens abruptly, and Danny app his right hand in his coat pocket. The Kid's hand goes to his own pocket and as he whirls around, a straight razor  appears in it, its blade snapped open. Pushing Danny to t wall with one hand, he keeps him pinned there with the ra in the other, while he bolts the door. Danny gets his rig hand out of the pocket with a gun in it, but The Kid move the razor blade against his neck.
3) 2) text: As the gun clatters to the floor, and the others force th door, The Kid takes a step backward to provide enough  momentum, then swings at Danny's middle with his left,  dropping him, then jumps up on the wash basin and wriggle his way out through a window.
4) 0) text: The conflicting parties from the picket lines have moved The Kid drops from the window to the ground and starts to run toward the railroad yards. A few moments later, Danny and four other poker players appear and run after him.
5) 0) text: The chase across the tracks goes on behind the Credits. T Kid's pursuers split into two groups to cut him off, and  they seem to have succeeded in cornering him against a tr on which a passenger train is bearing down, headed for th station. His dubious chance of escape depends on his gett beyond this track in front of the train, which, with a bu of speed, he manages to accomplish just in time. The pass train divides The Kid from his pursuers, and we PAN with train into the depot.
16) 4) text: The Kid enters the place through the front door, still a  little dishevelled from his escape.
18) 0) text: Harold Street leads to the river and we follow The Kid an The Shooter as they walk down it in the gathering dusk.
18) 21) text: The Kid nods as they come to where an old wooden pier ext into the river. Along the river bank can be seen a small  portion of the mile-long Hooverville that stretches up an down the Mississippi.
19) 43) text: The Kid takes Christian's arm automatically; he watches T Shooter walk way down Harold Street. He and Christian hea in another direction. She is humming a mountain tune.
20) 0) text: It is night and the room is lit only by a single lamp whe Christian sits in her nightgown on a chair by the window, turning over the pages of a mail-order catalogue. In f.g. The Kid lies on his back under a sheet on the bed, his ey closed and his hands clasped tensely behind his neck. He  opens his eyes and turns to look at her. The movement cat her eye, and she instantly stops turning the pages, afrai the noise has disturbed him.
20) 7) text: She goes into the bathroom, where she turns the water on  gently so the tub will take a long while to fill. Then sh takes a bottle of alcohol from the medicine chest and ret to the bedroom with it. She stands in front of him waitin for him to move, but The Kid is singularly listless. Not  till she sets the bottle down does he respond by turning face to the pillow. She goes right to work on his shoulde muscles, and she seems to know what she is doing.
26) 0) text: It is midday outside but the window shades are tightly dr to keep the daylight from disturbing The Kid, who is stil asleep. Christian, dressed for the street, moves from the bedroom to the kitchen-living room which is the remainder the two-room apartment. Finding paper and pencil, she wri a quick note and leaves it on the kitchen table, then sta out. (TIME LAPSE)
30) 0) text: Lancey, Shooter and five other men are sitting in comfort padded chairs around a well-appointed poker table. Everyt about the game is in sharp contrast to the one The Kid pl in. It is played with chips - expensive ones; there are a couple of bottles of wine on ice, fine cigars, a tray of  sandwiches, etc. Lancey's opponents are all wealthy types two of them could be Texas oil men. The youngest, a good- looking man of thirty, is BILL SCHLAEGEL. The Shooter, as nonplaying dealer, distributes fifth cards to the four  remaining players in the hand, and both Lancey and Bill e up with four cards of one suit showing.
31) 0) text: It is early evening. The Kid approaches the restaurant wi Christian on one arm, Melba on the other.
32) 0) text: The plates with the remains of their main course are in f of them. The Kid pours what's left of a bottle of beer in his glass.
34) 0) text: She lets the shade fall back into place. Moving quietly i the darkness, she begins to dress. CAMERA PULLS BACK and  PANS to include The Kid, lying on the bed with a sheet ov him. He seems to be asleep until he speaks.
34) 23) text: She gets up and begins to pack her clothes in an old suit After a moment The Kid gets out of bed.
34) 44) text: She closes the suitcase and puts on the one dress she has packed. The Kid, dressed now, watches her for a moment th goes to the bottom drawer of the dresser and opens it to  reveal a stack of money under a shirt. He takes five clea twenty-dollar bills and counts them on to the top of the  dresser, snapping the crisp leaves gambler style. Then he stoops down again and takes out two more twenties, adding them to the pile.
34) 47) text: He doesn't actually hand her the money. He leaves it on t of the dresser and she goes over and takes it, folding th bills and putting them in her change purse. The Kid picks her suitcase, and she leads the way into the other room. the front door she stops and looks back at the little  apartment for a moment.
35) 0) text: The Kid and Christian sit in silence. She puts her hand o his. (TIME LAPSE)
36) 0) text: The Kid and Christian sit on a bench in the waiting room, still silent. He has her suitcase between his legs and a  pile of magazines on his lap. She looks at a clock and ge to her feet. He follows her to the door, carrying the sui and magazines.
38) 0) text: Christian takes a seat. The Kid puts her suitcase in the  overhead rack and hands her the magazines, none of which  would be classed as heavy reading.
39) 0) text: There are not many passengers boarding this bus. After a  couple of moments, the driver closes the door and starts  off. Christian waves from the window, and The Kid waves b to her. When the bus has gone, he walks around the outsid of the terminal to the front.
40) 0) text: There are a couple of cabs at a taxi stand. One of the ha offers his services to The Kid, but The Kid declines. He  wants to walk. (TIME LAPSE)
47) 2) text: The Kid and Melba join them.
47) 18) text: He takes his shirt off. Melba finds some suntan lotion in her bag, and applies it to her face and arms, her eyes ra straying from The Kid.
48) 9) text: The men concentrate their attention on the diamond. CAMER MOVES IN to Melba's fingers playing across The Kid's midr From the field comes the sharp CRACK of a bat against a b followed by a SHOUT from the crowd. CAMERA PANS UP to the faces of Melba and The Kid as he looks at her and she mee his gaze with inviting eyes.
49) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK. Wearing the same clothes as at the bal park, she is sitting in a chair with her legs tucked unde her. The Kid is sitting on a straight chair at a table on which he has a cup of coffee. They are alone in the apart
49) 10) text: The Kid stays where he is as she comes up against him.
53) 9) text: She reaches a hand around to the back of her neck, fiddle with her dress a moment, then beckons in The Kid's direct
53) 10) dialog: He doesn't understand what she wants but he gets up and c to her obligingly, CAMERA MOVING with him.
53) 12) text: She points to the hook-and-eye fastener at the top of the zipper that runs down the back of her dress. The Kid  pantomimes the question "What for?" but she just wiggles finger impatiently at the fastener while speaking into th phone.
53) 14) text: The Kid still doesn't know what she has in mind but it se easier to humor her than not. He unfastens the hook. Melb smiles her thanks and, to his consternation, reaches back and pulls the zipper all the way down. She places her han over the mouth-piece of the phone.
55) 0) text: Melba in her bra and panties, snuggles against The Kid.
57) 0) text: The Kid, his policy toward this new situation still  unresolved, holds her lightly while he tries to think it aloud.
62) 1) dialog: He is lying on one half of the bed, with the covers throw back, his hands clasped behind his head, wearing pajama  bottoms. He turns his head and stares at the white expans of unoccupied bed. (TIME LAPSE)
63) 0) text: The weather is clear as The Kid wanders idly along a  residential street of well-kept nineteenth century buildi (TIME LAPSE)
64) 0) text: He is drinking a bottle of beer slowly. CAMERA PANS to an bar stool where a customer is having his shoes shined by NEGRO BOY who slaps his rag against the shoes with a fine sense of rhythm. Finished, he collects his dime and nicke tip, and moves to The Kid.
65) 0) text: JANSEN, a masseur, is at work loosening up The Kid's neck and shoulders.
70) 0) text: The bus stops momentarily at a small cluster of buildings around an intersection. The Kid is the only passenger to off here. As the bus continues on its way, he goes to an  attendant in a gas station on one corner, and asks a ques Referred to a general store and post office on another co he crosses and goes into it. The STOREKEEPER comes back  outside with him to point out the route to where he wants go. It is along a dirt road that winds uphill behind the  store. The Kid starts up the road. (TIME LAPSE)
71) 0) text: The Kid reaches the summit of the hill directly behind th crossroads, and looks down into the valley between this h and the next one. He starts down an even narrower road le to a little farm on a hillock in the valley. It consists a modest cabin, a single barn, a fenced cow pasture, and few cultivated fields. (TIME LAPSE)
72) 0) text: Christian comes around a curve in a path on one side of t house, carrying two five-gallon milk cans slung in a yoke over her shoulder. A little dog YAPS and runs from the fr door of the house to the front gate. She looks in that  direction and CAMERA MOVES to include The Kid as he unlat the gate and walks toward her. After a moment's hesitatio she moves to meet him, gliding on her bare feet to keep t water in the cans from slopping out.
72) 4) text: She turns toward the side of the house and walks to the  kitchen door. The Kid follows.
73) 0) text: MRS. CRAIGIE, Christian's mother, opens the door for them giving The Kid a sharp, appraising glance.
73) 5) text: The Kid looks at the stove with a couple of large steamin pots on it, and the table alongside with a half-dozen ham of green beans.
73) 16) text: The Kid looks quickly at her and then at Mrs. Craigie, wh keeps her gaze fixed on the beans.
74) 0) text: He is pitching manure from all over the cow-lot into a pi banked against the side of the barn, working a long-handl shovel with practised ease. He looks o.s. and sees The Ki approaching but continues his work as The Kid enters the  SHOT. Nor does he stop shoveling while they are talking,  except at moments of particular significance to him.
74) 8) text: The Kid looks at him a long moment then --
74) 10) text: Craigie takes a couple of steps toward The Kid, his boots sucking in the muddy ground.
74) 20) text: The Kid takes his time before deciding how to answer this one.
75) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES to reveal Christian and The Kid, who are in pool without clothes, treading water.
75) 4) text: She starts to swim, CAMERA MOVING with her upper back as reaches the side of the pool and pulls herself on to the  bank, lying on her stomach. The Kid joins her, first draw himself up on his stomach alongside her, then turning on back to look through the slats at the sun.
76) 2) text: The Kid stands up and selects six playing cards from a de in his pocket. During the next few lines he uses the past on the shelf to stick together three pairs of them so as form three double-thick cards. One of these has two faces another two backs, and the third a back and a face.
76) 12) text: The Kid lifts a straw hat off a peg on the porch wall.
78) 0) text: The sun hasn't risen yet as The Kid boards the bus for St Louis outside the general store.
79) 0) text: The Kid's bus crossing the endless plain in the afternoon sun.
80) 0) text: The clock above the loading platform says it is a little  after two in the morning as the bus pulls up, and The Kid groggy from the long ride, gets out.
84) 0) text: The Kid, looking completely refreshed, is readying himsel for the game. He has chosen casual, comfortable clothes, now he collects three items to take with him: a large bot of mouthwash, a green sun-vizor, and finally, his stake.  When he withdraws the money from the dresser drawer, we c see the pile has increased in size. The Kid finds an enve to put it in, and he is ready to go. He starts out but in the middle of the kitchen he stops to look at his watch. is too early. He crosses to the stove, pours himself a cu of coffee, and sits down to drink it.
89) 0) text: The Kid is looking at the clock tower.
90) 0) text: The taxi drives away from CAMERA following The Kid's  instruction. CAMERA PANS to the front of the Dorset Hotel which they have just passed. It is fifty years old or mor no longer elegant but still respectable.
91) 16) text: The Kid would like these cryptic words explained, but Lad Fingers descends on him.
91) 20) text: The Kid sees Lancey approaching, and turns to him.
91) 75) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include the other four players, who  have come up to the table, still not taking chairs until  Lancey and The Kid have chosen theirs. Though Lancey's  question is purely ritualistic, they look to The Kid for reply.
91) 86) text: The Kid, following protocol, moves to a seat directly acr from Lancey's. The Shooter takes his place at the table  halfway between The Kid and Lancey, and pulls the twenty- five eligible packs of cards to him.
91) 99) text: The Kid has completed his count.
91) 106) text: CAMERA PANS past The Kid to Sokal, who is counting out bi from an impressive roll.
91) 127) text: Each other player folds in turn. The Shooter pulls in the cards, and The Kid pulls in the seventy dollars. The Shoo shuffles and deals again.
92) 0) text: It is around midnight, and there is a more settled look t the game; some of the players have removed their coats, a there is a good deal of smoke in the air. The Kid has a c of coffee by him, presumably with brandy in it; Lancey ha his frappe; Pig is drinking whiskey; the Shooter and Yell have bottles of bear. It is the end of a hand. With about six hundred dollars in the pot, Pig, who has been called, turns over his hole card triumphantly.
92) 12) text: Lancey calls, Shooter drops, Sokal calls, The Kid drops.
92) 39) dialog: He watches Lancey, puzzled; this isn't what he had expect
92) 41) text: The Kid relaxes; this is more the way he figured it.
93) 3) text: The Shooter's gaze wanders o.s. CAMERA MOVES to FEATURE t objects of his attention, who are Lady Fingers, Lancey an The Kid. The two men would like to talk to each other, bu Lady Finger's is monopolizing Lancey, and he doesn't want offend her.
93) 9) text: He whisks her away. Lancey and The Kid, finally facing ea other alone, don't quite know how to begin.
93) 18) text: Lancey is a bit taken aback by The Kid's confident assert but he manages a smile.
93) 54) text: Lady Fingers is sitting in Shooter's place, rippling and  shuffling the cards. Yeller, Sokal, and The Shooter are a either sitting at the table or standing near it. Lancey,  followed by The Kid, returns to the table.
94) 16) text: Yeller pulls in the money in front of him. There is now a $19,500 left on the table, $11,500 in front of Lancey, $8 in front of The Kid.
94) 22) text: The Kid turns up a jack and pulls in the money. (TIME LAPSE)
94) 28) dialog: He is watching The Shooter intently. FEATURING THE SHOOTER'S HANDS - KID'S P.O.V. The dealing motion looks perfectly legitimate as The Shoo gives The Kid an ace. Lancey's hand reaches into the SHOT turn over his up cards.
94) 30) dialog: He takes the money in slowly, his eyes on The Shooter. No the distribution of money has been reversed. The Kid has  something under $12,000, Lancey something under $8,000.
94) 34) text: The Kid lifts his hole card and we see it is a ten.
94) 36) text: He turns to watch The Shooter. FEATURING THE SHOOTER'S HANDS - KID'S P.O.V. Again there is no indication of improper dealing as The  Shooter gives Lancey an odd card and The Kid a ten, compl his full house.
94) 47) dialog: Now, just what the hell are you trying  to pull?
94) 49) text: The Kid grabs him and slams him against the wall.
94) 50) dialog: You, Shooter Man -- you been feeding  me cards for an hour.
94) 52) dialog: (grabbing him and  slamming him against  the wall again) But I was looking for it, Shooter --  four times you give me the cards I  need.
94) 54) dialog: Never in a game when I been told  ahead the dealer has a stake in my  coming out on top.
94) 56) dialog: She told me enough to make me start  thinking.
94) 58) dialog: Why, you dumb bastard? -- You have  to ask me why. (ready to hit him) I could break you apart for what  you've done.
94) 60) dialog: Well who the hell's was it then --  Schlaegel? --
94) 62) dialog: My ass bleeds for you -- Now you get  straight on this. No fix. You come  along straight or I blow it wide  open.
94) 64) dialog: He ain't goin' to do nothin' to you  except pay off because I'm goin' to  win.
94) 66) dialog: You got no choice.
94) 68) dialog: (almost yelling at  him) He ain't goin' to know. (then quietly) Shooter, I'm goin' to win this one --  win it my way -- and you ride with  me or you're out, finished.
94) 70) dialog: You better not forget it -- now beat  it. I need some sleep.
94) 72) dialog: Tell Mr. Schlaegel I accept his offer  to use the room.
94) 73) text: The Shooter goes out. The Kid crosses to the phone.
94) 74) dialog: (into phone) I want to be called at 4 p.m. on the  nose. For sure -- Thanks.
96) 4) dialog: I don't want you to think I'm getting  too personal, but you mind telling  me how the hell you come to be here?
96) 6) dialog: Can it -- (then) Where's Shooter?
96) 8) dialog: It's incredible the way you invariably  don't.
96) 10) dialog: We're supposed to sit down again at  half past four.
96) 12) dialog: (thinking about Shooter) I got no obligations to The Shooter. (then to Melba) Or to you.
98) 0) text: CAMERA is on the shower door as the SOUND of running wate ceases. The Kid can be seen indistinctly through the door
98) 1) dialog: Reach me a towel?
98) 4) dialog: If Schlaegel bet as much on me as I  heard, I guess he'd pay a nice piece  of change to be sure I won.
98) 6) text: The Kid stops shaving and looks at her.
98) 7) dialog: You asking me to go along with the  fix?
98) 9) dialog: You're still working for him. On my  time you're still working for him.
98) 11) dialog: No -- I don't hold it against you.  You wanting to make things right for  him -- but this game I handle my way --  win, lose, or draw.
98) 16) text: She has paused at the door to finish her sentence. Now sh unlocks and opens it -- to Christian. Melba is so taken a she can't do anything but stand there holding the door op The Kid, in the bathroom in f.g., is similarly frozen in tracks. After a moment Christian advances into the room. REVERSE ANGLE - CHRISTIAN IN F.G. The scene as it looks to Christian is circumstantially  incriminating. CAMERA MOVES with her gaze from The Kid to the one mussed bed, to Melba. The faces and the silence o the two people are even more incriminating than the  circumstances.
98) 18) dialog: Yeah, that's what I said. We took a  break in the game to catch some sleep.  Shooter sent his woman up here to  wake me up.
98) 23) dialog: See you, Melba. Thanks.
98) 25) text: She walks past CAMERA and a moment later comes the SOUND the door closing behind her. The Kid, who has moved into bedroom, crosses to his clothes on a chair, and picks up undershorts and trousers. He returns to the bathroom, usi the door for partial concealment as he removes his towel puts on his shorts and trousers.
98) 26) dialog: You been to the place?
98) 28) dialog: How's your Mama and Papa?
98) 30) text: The Kid fastens his trousers and returns to the basin to  give his face a last few strokes with the razor and wash the soap.
98) 31) dialog: It's come to be just me and Lancey.
98) 34) dialog: I got my mind on the cards.
98) 36) text: To The Kid preoccupied by the game and the fix, feeling b affection and guilt. The idea that she can be any use to against Lancey is one he can't grasp.
98) 37) dialog: I'm glad you came, Christian. You  got as much right here as anybody. (then) More right, I should have said.
98) 39) dialog: Hell, yes. The change I come out  with when I win this one, you're  going to be the one to spend it.
98) 42) dialog: (turning back) Look, I said I'm glad you came --  and that's all until I wrap this up --  I'm a poker player, remember?
98) 46) dialog: The eight'll try two bills.
98) 48) text: Lady Fingers scoops up the cards, shuffles them into the  rest of the deck, submits it to Lancey for his cut, and d them another two cards apiece -- all in the space of seco The Kid gets a queen, Lancey a nine.
98) 49) dialog: Two hundred.
99) 3) text: CAMERA MOVES on PAST a window, showing it is night outsid past a group of other spectators; past Bill, Shooter and  Melba who watch the game grimly; and finally to the table where The Shooter is dealing again. The Kid is down to hi undershirt, and even Lancey has made a few concessions to comfort. The players have just been dealt their third car Christian moves up to stand behind The Kid.
99) 5) dialog: (folding) Take it away.
99) 7) dialog: Go read a magazine, honey.
100) 5) dialog: I don't want a break.
100) 7) dialog: Deal.
100) 10) dialog: I want a new deck.
100) 12) dialog: Deal.
100) 15) text: She turns and stalks off. Lancey and The Kid look at each other for a moment, then both grin.
100) 16) dialog: I guess we been told.
100) 18) dialog: (rising) See you in about 3/4 of an hour,  Lancey, right?
100) 20) dialog: (meaning it) Listen, I think it is amazing you've  been able to keep going this long.
100) 21) text: As he heads for the door, Lancey reacts to this. Then sta and looks around the room. Groups of people stand in the  shadows watching silently, not hostile but certainly not  friendly. He is The Man but he is getting beat and nobody sorry. After a moment he turns and leaves from a side doo CAMERA PANS to HOLD on Christian as she stops The Kid by door.
101) 6) dialog: If you think so. (to Christian) Sorry.
101) 8) dialog: Nothing, Nothing you have to worry  about. I'll see you later.
101) 10) dialog: Get something to eat.
102) 0) text: Bill and The Kid are sitting at a room-service table. Bil nibbles at some cheese and crackers while The Kid tackles large steak. Felix, the chauffeur, stands in attendance o them.
102) 2) text: He motions to Felix, indicating a wine bottle on the tabl Felix steps over and refills The Kid's glass.
102) 3) dialog: What I told The Shooter goes.
102) 5) text: The Kid just looks at him -- then returns to his meal.
102) 7) text: He makes a peremptory gesture to Felix, who springs forwa to offer the salad bowl to The Kid.
102) 9) dialog: That's an argument?
102) 11) dialog: I'll give you a fact. I won't let it  happen.
102) 13) text: Felix jumps into action again. He moves to The Kid's side reaches into a breast pocket and takes out a switch blade which he clocks open an inch or two from The Kid's neck. is an extremely ugly-looking and menacing weapon.
102) 15) text: Felix hands the knife to The Kid, who tries it on his ste
102) 17) dialog: Very. But it don't cut any ice with  me.
102) 19) dialog: (rising) Not this time. He exits.
103) 0) text: As The Kid exits Christian is waiting for him. He moves d the corridor, preoccupied. She follows.
103) 1) dialog: Did you eat?
103) 3) dialog: (stops, looks at her  irritated) Why not, for Chris sakes?
103) 5) dialog: (moving away) You should eat something.
103) 8) dialog: Talk.
103) 10) dialog: (interrupting) What's going to happen? What's going  to happen for Chris sake is I'm going  to win the game. (then more softly) You go back to the apartment, honey,  this might take two more days.
103) 12) dialog: (after a long moment) Well, that's up to you, Christian.
104) 0) text: Shuffling the cards. CAMERA PULLS BACK enough to see his  face as he looks across at The Kid. CAMERA PANS to a CLOS SHOT of The Kid, and then past a couple of spectators,  including Christian and Melba, to Bill, whose eyes are on The Kid. Finally CAMERA PANS back to The Kid.
104) 1) dialog: I told you, Shooter -- I won't go  for it.
104) 4) dialog: The Shooter's not well. He didn't  want to spoil the game, but he ought  to be resting... He ought to be in  the hospital.
104) 7) dialog: It is to me... You want to kill  yourself, do it on your own time.
104) 8) text: Lancey looks from The Kid to The Shooter, sensing that th may be something more behind this, but not knowing just w
105) 2) text: The Kid turns up the jack of clubs.
105) 4) text: The Kid pulls in the money. (TIME LAPSE)
106) 2) text: The kid turns up another nine and reaches for the money.
106) 5) dialog: Pair of eights bets an even thousand  dollars.
106) 14) text: CAMERA MOVES to the other four spectators as they react t The Kid's successful streak.
106) 16) text: And it looks that way. Lancey appears old and unsure. The Kid sharp and cold. A young barracuda moving in for the k CAMERA MOVES in close to Christian as she tries to catch Kid's eye. Thinking she has it, she smiles her encouragem
106) 19) dialog: And up five.
106) 24) text: The Kid exposes his hidden jack.
106) 27) text: Christian looks at them, then at The Kid. Hesitates a mom then suddenly gets to her feet and starts for the door. O Melba notices her, and even she doesn't have time to ques her. CAMERA FOLLOWS Christian to the suite entrance, wher she picks up her bag then turns to look back at the table
107) 2) text: CAMERA MOVES in close enough for us to see the cards. Lan has the jack of hearts, The Kid the ten of clubs.
107) 4) text: The Kid takes his first look at his hole card.
107) 6) dialog: And up five hundred.
107) 7) text: Lancey looks at him a long moment. His face pale and shak The Kid is beating him. Pushing -- buying -- always press and Lancey knows he is losing one hand at a time, not bad but consistently and inevitably. His age and fatigue are strong handicap for the long pull. Then his face settles if he had come to a decision. He smiles lightly summoning some last reserve of strength, almost as if he knows this will be the last hand, win or lose.
107) 9) dialog: (after a brief  hesitation) Call.
107) 15) dialog: Five hundred.
107) 17) text: The raise is a surprise. The Kid's eyes go up to study  Lancey's face, even though he knows what a futile effort  that is.
107) 23) dialog: Call.
107) 25) text: The Kid, Lancey, Shooter, Melba, Schlaegel, Yeller, Hoban and others as they realize this could be the big hand.
107) 28) dialog: (after a moment) Two thousand, five hundred dollars.
107) 35) text: The Kid checks the amount of money in front of him.
107) 40) text: He looks at his hole card. It is still the queen of heart He has a full house, which has to be the winning hand unl Lancey had the audacity to bet out with a jack-seven of  hearts, and to raise The Kid with a jack-ten-seven.
107) 41) dialog: Bet what's in front of me. Make it  fifty-four hundred bucks.
107) 46) text: Slowly and deliberately, revealing nothing in his face, h reaches into his breast pocket and takes out a slim walle and begins to let the bills flutter out on the table. The Kid looks at him frozen.
107) 49) text: But The Shooter, like the Kid, is white-faced and frozen the raise.
107) 58) dialog: There is nothing to be gained from a poker face now, and reacts with a stunned expression in which all the accumul strain and fatigue is beginning to show. CAMERA MOVES amo the spectators: Hoban and Yeller, who are sorry for The K and admiring of Lancey; Bill, who is all the more angry a his defeat because his hopes were up; The Shooter, who is very unhappy man; and Melba, whose anger at the Kid is  balanced by her fear of Schlaegel and what will happen to The Shooter and possibly to her.
107) 67) text: As he settles up, the CAMERA FOLLOWS The Kid to his brand bottle. As he pours himself a slug, Melba and Shooter joi him.
107) 81) text: Schlaegel turns to The Kid.
107) 83) text: The Kid looks at him, looks at Lancey and Lady Fingers,  wondering about what Schlaegel has said, angry about it.
107) 84) dialog: Any time.
107) 86) text: Lancey and Lady Fingers join The Kid.
107) 89) dialog: (sharply) That's what it's all about? (then, as Lancey looks  at him and doesn't  answer) You were crazy -- odds are three  hundred to one against.
107) 91) text: The Kid looks at him and doesn't answer.
108) 0) text: as The Kid moves down the hall and enters the elevator.
110) 0) text: SERIES OF ANGLES of the Kid walking alone through the cit During the above there is an impression someone is follow him.
111) 3) dialog: No -- not the King -- not much of  anything right now.
111) 5) text: He moves toward The Kid.
111) 10) dialog: I know that.
111) 14) dialog: I'm fine. (then) Weren't you going to say good-bye?
111) 16) dialog: Yeah, I guess you did. (then) You don't know if I won or lost do  you?
111) 18) dialog: Yeah, I know.
111) 20) text: Christian doesn't answer. She looks at The Kid for a long moment, then turns and goes. He watches her. She enters t cab and it leaves. The Kid just stands there.
111) 21) text: Danny and the others move up around him. The Kid ignores  them. After a moment Danny swings from behind and knocks to the pavement. He lies there stunned for a moment. They look down at him. Then he comes up. He flattens two in th process of being badly beaten. They leave him.