31) 0) text: Mary, Hunsecker's secretary, occupies a cubicle which is separated form the rest of the newsroom by a partition. From the big room beyond, comes the hum and chatter of a newspaper.  The walls of the urgent murmur of the staff o big newspaper.  The walls of Mary's cubicle are covered w photographs; filing cabinets are piled high with unopened mail; two wire service teletype machines click desultoril Mary is plain but attractive, past 30, a level-headed wom with a sense of integrity.  She is on the phone just now, bored with the insistent voice on the other end.  Beside an earnest young LAWYER waits with several papers in hand
31) 1) dialog: (to phone)
31) 2) text: I have no power to retract, Mr. Cummings... I'm only Mr. Hunsecker's secretary.  No.  Nor can I agree that can retraction is necessary. Thank you for calling. Sidney has come through the newsroom in background.  He pauses tactfully, seeing Mary occupied with the lawyer.
31) 5) dialog: I'll get the boss to sign them.
31) 8) dialog: You've said that six times - that's why I'm smiling. As the disgruntled lawyer leaves, Sidney comes in, wearin his most winning smile.  With a glance after the lawyer, making sure that he is not observed, Sidney greets Mary, assuming a brogue:
31) 10) dialog: That's a question I usually like to ask YOU.  Your secretary phoned.
31) 12) dialog: (shrugging)
31) 13) text: Something about a Frank D'Angelo trying to reach you... Sidney reaches for the phone.  As he does so, Mary hesita and glances at a copy of The Record which lies on the des open at Otis Elwell's column.  She picks it up.
31) 14) dialog: (continuing)
31) 15) text: Is that the man who manages Susie's boyfriend? Sidney murmurs casually, "Yeah.  Why?" as he dials.  Mary holds up the paper, indicating the item.
31) 16) dialog: Have you seen this?  In Otis Elwell's column. (reads)
31) 17) text: "The dreamy marijuana smoke of a lad who heads a highbrow jazz quintet is giving an inelegant odor to that elegant East Side Club where he works.  That's no way for a card-holding Party Member to act. Moscow won't like, you naughty boy!" Sidney accepts the paper from Mary, examines the item whi he talks to Sally on the phone.
31) 20) dialog: Could this be that boy?
31) 22) text: Dallas?  Could be.  He doesn't look like a reefer smoker... He discards the paper with a show of disinterest.  Mary picks it up again.
31) 23) dialog: (looking at The Record again)
31) 24) text: If this is true, J.J.'s going to hit the ceiling... Sidney moves around behind Mary.  His eyes are fixed on a spike which sits on Mary's desk.  On it is impaled a proo of Hunsecker's column.  Meanwhile, he remarks:
31) 28) dialog: (quietly)
31) 32) dialog: Bribing me again?
31) 34) text: And why should I bribe the woman who holds most of my heart? Mary is thoughtful.  Without malice, in a detached sort o way, she examines Sidney.
31) 35) dialog: You're a real rascal, Sidney.  I'd certainly dislike you if I didn't like you.  You're an amusing boy, but there isn't a drop of respect in you for anything alive - you're too immersed in the theology of making a fast buck.  Not that I don't sometimes feel that you yearn for something better... Sidney finds this analysis hard to take.  Again he tries laugh his way out of it.
31) 37) text: Mary, don't try to sell me the Brooklyn Bridge.  I happen to know it belongs to the Dodgers. Mary, smiling, decides "to let him off the hook".  She ta the spike and the column and passes it across to Sidney's side of the desk, as she returns briskly to her business.
31) 38) dialog: (affably)
31) 42) dialog: No.  It's one of J.J.'s occasional beau gestes.  Evidently the fellow's funny, so he gave him a plug. He goes to the door, grinning.
31) 44) dialog: Let's wait till Christmas - it's more legitimate then. She looks after Sidney, thinks about him for a moment.  T she types.
33) 36) text: Hello?  Mary, let me speak to J.J., please...it's Sidney Falco...
46) 0) text: Hunsecker is standing at a table, stop watch in hand, reading aloud from a script which he is rehearsing and timing.  Beside him sits Mary busy typing more of the material from Hunsecker's handwritten note.  Mary is calm but he is irritable, trying to concentrate despite the bustle around him. An old movie star, MILDRED TAM, sits waiting in one of th canvas-backed chairs supplied for the guests on the show. BURTON, a manager, also waits, deadpan, at Hunsecker's el Hunsecker clicks his stop watch as he reads:
46) 12) text: Of course, Mildred.  Of course. You look fine. (swiftly summoning Mary)
46) 13) text: Mary, help Miss Tam - anything she wants; she's our star today. Under the pretense of studying the typed script, J.J. wal away across the stage.  Sidney strolls after him.
48) 155) text: Susan is still standing in the wings.  Mary is with her, obviously sympathetic.  The girl is drying her eyes with Kleenex, and Mary glances at her employer with a look of reproach.  Hunsecker walks round the table, obviously try to approach Susan; seeing this, Susan turns away and move further from him.  Hunsecker stops.
48) 175) text: Mary...for Susie's own good...don't give her misplaced sympathy... Mary says nothing.  Hunsecker gathers his papers and with visible effort to resume his public personality turns towards the machinery of the television broadcast in background.
51) 26) text: For the next sailing of the Mary. Susan's run down - she's never been abroad and as you so cogently put it, I'm not made of iron. Sidney slowly pushes the envelope back to Hunsecker, who leaves it lying on the table before him.