7) 6) text: I've been up to here.  Listen, honey, tell me something.  You know Susan Hunsecker...? (Rita nods)
8) 1) text: This is SUSAN HUNSECKER.  She wears an expensive mink coa It is oddly in contrast with her personality; the face is sensitive and intelligent, but childlike and tragic.  A g in adolescence already burdened with problems beyond her capacity.  Over scene, the music continues.  Susan shifts her position, knowing that the session will soon be at an end and that the musicians will be coming backstage.
10) 0) text: Chico, Paul and Carson come through to the corridor backs As they do so, Chico, glancing out of the open door sees Susan in the courtyard.  He goes out onto the fire-escape Paul following behind.
10) 2) dialog: Hello, Chico.  Paul.
10) 4) text: Throw a rope round this chick while I go get Steve. Chico goes swiftly back into the club.  Paul remains with Susan.  There is a momentary silence; Paul is embarrassed because Susan is.  Susan makes an effort at conversation, she nods towards the club.
10) 5) dialog: Full house...?
11) 18) dialog: She looks up at Steve.
11) 21) text: Great relief and happiness can be seen in the boy's face. After a moment, he moves to her and she to him.  They embrace swiftly, hold each other close and then kiss with passion.  Presently, when the kiss is over, Susan speaks softly.
11) 22) dialog: (in a whisper)
11) 36) dialog: Steve, I'd rather you didn't say anything for a day or two...until I tell my brother...
11) 40) dialog: 
11) 41) dialog: I'm telling him in the morning after breakfast.
11) 45) dialog: Steve, my brother isn't as bad as he's painted.  He isn't perfect, but -
11) 47) dialog: Let's forget him and - But Steve is not so ready to change the subject.
11) 50) dialog: (quickly, perhaps too quickly)
11) 54) dialog: (pleading)
11) 59) dialog: (amused, but moved)
11) 62) dialog: And on Tuesday - Hasenpfeffer.
11) 65) dialog: I made you write a beautiful song...
11) 71) text: Well, thanks, anyway - let's forget it. (to Susan)
11) 72) text: It's cold out here, Susie. Steve makes a move to lead Susan back inside.  It is a gesture which appears to dismiss Sidney.  Sidney chooses take umbrage:
11) 77) dialog: (quickly intervening)
12) 28) text: That night Mr. Van Cleve calls me into his office here.  He's got nothing against me, he says but he can't afford to antagonize columnists.  I told him I still have Sonny at military academy, but Van Cleve's made of ice... Aware that Sidney is moving to leave her so that he can catch Susan, Rita detains him with an appeal:
12) 45) dialog: You're touchy, Sidney - don't be so touchy...
12) 48) text: Wanna bite to eat? Susan shakes her head.  She looks up as she hears the doorman's whistle off screen.  Sidney moves forward to escort her to the taxi.
12) 52) dialog: (softly)
12) 57) dialog: Yes, but why?
12) 59) dialog: Quizzically, she studies Sidney.
12) 60) dialog: Don't you?
12) 64) dialog: I know.  But someday I'd like to look into your clever mind and see what you REALLY think of him -
12) 67) dialog: (quietly)
12) 68) text: Who could love a man who keeps jumping through burning hoops, like a trained poodle? Sidney doesn't immediately answer.  Susan drops her eyes, becoming absorbed in her own problems.  Cautiously, Sidne lets the momentary silence continue.  Then:
12) 69) dialog: (thoughtfully)
12) 72) text: Frankly, yes, to my surprise.  He thinks he's very gifted - those boys'll go a big mile, he thinks. Susan says nothing.  Sidney, watching her closely, probes further:
12) 74) text: You feel pretty strong about this boy? A pause.  Then Susan nods.  She is not looking at Sidney cannot see the watchfulness in his face.  Sidney prompts again:
12) 76) dialog: He wants me to go on the road with them.  It's an eight month tour, all the way to Oregon...
12) 80) dialog: I'm going to discuss it with J.J. in the morning. A pause.  Each is concerned with private thoughts.  Susan relaxed, adds quietly:
12) 81) dialog: (softly)
12) 84) dialog: I hope that J.J. really likes Steve, that it isn't an act.
12) 86) text: Why should he put on an act?  Your brother has told PRESIDENTS where to go and what to do! The taxi has pulled to a stop.  Susan sits for a moment before she remarks.
12) 87) dialog: The act would be for my sake, not Steve's... Realizing that they have come to their destination, Susan gets up, moving out of CAMERA as she disembarks from the taxi.  CAMERA catches a glimpse of apprehension in Sidney eyes.  Quickly, he decides to follow her.
13) 0) text: Susan, getting out of the taxi, moves past CAMERA.  Sidne following her, instructs the driver.
13) 4) dialog: Hearing him, Susan turns back.  Sidney walks into shot to join her.
13) 7) dialog: (smiling)
13) 12) dialog: Susan looks thoughtful, making no comment.
13) 15) dialog: She looks back at Sidney, quietly firm.
13) 16) dialog: Yes.  Tell him for me that Steve Dallas is the first real man I've ever been in love with... She turns away and walks through the inner door, going do the corridor towards the elevators in background.
19) 216) text: No, lemme finish.  I DON'T LIKE THIS JOB!  That boy is dumb only on matinee days - otherwise he's got a head.  And Susan, like you said, she's growing up.  Two heads. What I mean, we got a slippery, dangerous problem here!
25) 12) text: And don't ever use this apartment phone again; I have a nervous sister. He cradles the phone, looks at it for a moment, switches eyes and then physically follows them, rising to stroll towards the glass doors onto the terrace.  He moves out a turns aside to look in at the adjoining window, which belongs to Susan's bedroom.
26) 0) text: CAMERA shoots across Susan in foreground; she is asleep, tired, helpless, sweet kid.  The figure of her brother is seen - a dark shape on the terrace outside.  He moves awa across the terrace.
36) 0) text: Susan is on the phone.  Listening to what Steve says, she frightened - almost too frightened; it is as if, in some curious sense, she had been expecting this blow.  It brin an echo of an earlier tragedy.
36) 1) dialog: A smear?...What...What kind of smear...?  Where are you?
43) 0) text: Susan buys paper - DOLLY with her - toward elevator - she gets in.
44) 8) dialog: Why?
44) 10) dialog: (pausing)
44) 14) dialog: (with quiet certainty)
44) 18) dialog: History repeats itself.  Everything that happened to Alan Leslie...began with a smear like this... Hunsecker considers this gravely, as if it was a new and troubling thought.
44) 20) dialog: (incoherent)
44) 24) dialog: Then whose fault was it, J.J.?  It was someone's fault, wasn't it?
44) 27) dialog: (stronger)
44) 31) dialog: He never would have killed himself if I hadn't gone through with the annulment.  Don't you see that made all the rumors seem true?  I should have stood up for him...not run out. She turns to Hunsecker, her manner firmer.
44) 39) dialog: (involuntarily)
44) 42) dialog: (defiantly)
44) 45) dialog: I thought we were talking about Sidney?
44) 48) dialog: (interrupting)
44) 49) text: I haven't said anything yet, J.J., but if - Susan hesitates.  Hunsecker waits for her to continue.  B she isn't yet sure enough of herself or of the point she means to make.  She turns away.
44) 52) dialog: I'm taking up the situation with you now...
44) 76) dialog: (steadily)
45) 0) text: CAMERA SHOOTS TOWARDS the entrance to the TV theatre.  A line of people are queuing for Hunsecker's TV Broadcast which is advertised by large posters beside the entrance. taxi drives up in foreground; Susan Hunsecker gets out.
45) 2) dialog: Susan is seen in the act of paying the driver.  As the ta pulls away, Susan walks CAMERA left.
48) 1) text: Susan is waiting in the foyer.  She is standing in a posi where she has not been able to see Steve until he enters; now she moves forward to greet him.  As soon as she is ne him, she speaks in a quiet, urgent manner:
48) 2) dialog: (in an undertone)
48) 10) text: Hunsecker back to CAMERA in foreground; he begins to whis The Wedding March to the rhythm of Steve and Susan's walk
48) 13) text: Susan nervously makes the introduction - Steve is nervous D'Angelo hangs behind warily; Sidney is in background.
48) 14) dialog: Steve, you remember my brother... STEVE &amp; HUNSECKER (together)
48) 22) text: I'll by that, son.  Now, you owe ME a favor. (pausing; to Susan)
48) 27) dialog: (quickly)
48) 99) dialog: 
48) 100) dialog: (mutely)
48) 104) text: Before you leave, son, I'll answer your question---Susan Hunsecker is the injured party here! (balefully)
48) 113) text: Susan in foreground, Steve, Hunsecker and Sidney beyond.
48) 121) dialog: She stares at the floor.
48) 122) text: Hunsecker doesn't like the drift of things; his mouth tightens and he speaks to Susan with veiled warning:
48) 129) dialog: Suddenly Susan lets loose, with restrained nervous energy she is near to tears.
48) 130) dialog: Steve, if only for my sake, I want this stopped!  And the same goes for you, too, J.J.!
48) 135) dialog: (bitterly)
48) 154) text: You did it, J.J., you did it good... Sidney is full of confidence.  But Hunsecker barely hears him (Hunsecker has been hurt very deeply by the boy's attack; in particular, by the appalling fear that what St has said is the kind of thing which Susan may also secret believe.)
48) 155) text: Susan is still standing in the wings.  Mary is with her, obviously sympathetic.  The girl is drying her eyes with Kleenex, and Mary glances at her employer with a look of reproach.  Hunsecker walks round the table, obviously try to approach Susan; seeing this, Susan turns away and move further from him.  Hunsecker stops.
48) 157) dialog: Sensing the approach of Hunsecker behind her, she moves a again; she is still crying, but is trying to recover. Presently Hunsecker approaches her again.  He speaks very gently, soothingly, comforting...
48) 160) dialog: (a small voice)
48) 166) dialog: After a pause, she turns towards him; she looks him strai in the face.
48) 167) dialog: (levelly)
48) 170) dialog: A VERY CLOSE SHOT.  We see the effort with which she is controlling herself.
48) 171) text: Satisfied with this crumb of affection from his sister, Hunsecker lets her go.  Susan moves away, still avoiding eyes.  Then she goes off towards the steps down into the auditorium.  Sidney looks at Hunsecker, then after Susan follows her.
49) 0) text: Susan crosses towards the doors out onto the street.  Sid comes behind her, watchful as he overtakes her near the doors.  He goes past her to open the door for her.
49) 2) dialog: (coldly)
49) 6) dialog: She has already opened the door of the taxi.  She turns t see Sidney come up behind her.  As he enters SHOT, she repeats:
49) 7) dialog: I told you to leave!  I don't know if Steve'll ever talk to me again and I'm ready to blame it all on you! She starts to get into the cab...
49) 10) text: As Sidney steps up, he grasps at the door of the taxi, trying to hold it open, but Susan pulls it shut, catching his fingers in the door.  Sidney steps back in pain...
51) 26) text: For the next sailing of the Mary. Susan's run down - she's never been abroad and as you so cogently put it, I'm not made of iron. Sidney slowly pushes the envelope back to Hunsecker, who leaves it lying on the table before him.
51) 98) dialog: (as she comes forward to join them)
51) 99) text: Good evening, Mr. D'Angelo. D'Angelo acknowledges her greeting, touches his hat and retires tactfully.  Susan faces Steve.  It's an awkward meeting.  Each does not know where the other stands.  She has thrown her fur coat about her shoulders like a cloak; will keep slipping off.  He is faintly embittered, a litt hurt and baffled, but he is sympathetic; he is involved a concerned.
51) 101) dialog: Hello, Steve.  I'm glad you could come.
51) 103) dialog: Would you buy me a cup of coffee? In there...
51) 104) text: Susan nods in the direction of the door into the little c
52) 8) dialog: Steve...what you tried to do today...you tried to take me up on a high mountain...I couldn't go all the way...I failed you... (a pause)
52) 12) dialog: No one's ever stood up to my brother the way you did.
52) 15) dialog: I just didn't think that I could antagonize him, Steve -- for OUR sake, I mean.
52) 18) dialog: This accusation is made lightly, in passing.  But Susan reacts to it, trying to interject:
52) 19) dialog: Steve, I...
52) 22) dialog: After a pause, she says:
52) 23) dialog: You're saying goodbye, aren't you?
52) 26) dialog: (wrenched)
52) 29) text: I told your brother I couldn't be his accomplice.  I can't be yours either, Susie, and encourage him to go on pulverizing you.  I know what type - he's my old man all over again! Susan, pathetically despairing, fingers the handle of her coffee cup, which she has not touched.  The coat slips fr her shoulders...
52) 32) dialog: (drooping)
52) 36) dialog: (pausing, woodenly)
52) 41) dialog: A despairing cry:
52) 42) dialog: No, Steve, I don't.  I don't.  Not if it KILLS me I don't!...
52) 44) dialog: (without luster)
52) 47) dialog: Goodbye, Mr. D'Angelo.  Take care of Steve.
52) 51) dialog: Say something funny...Mr. Hasenfeffer. Steve steps to her quickly, kisses her.  Then he turns an swiftly walks off down the corridor without a backward glance.  He goes past D'Angelo, who walks quietly after h towards the exit in background.
52) 52) dialog: She remains just in the attitude in which he left her.
53) 3) dialog: From D'Angelo's point of view.  She is still standing whe Steve left her.
54) 0) text: The heavy brass doors of the elevator slide open and the Elevator Man pulls open the grille.  Susan, still in the mood in which Steve left her, stands in the elevator for moment before she realizes that she has reached the top floor.  As she walks out, the Elevator Man looks at her anxiously.  CAMERA PANS with Susan towards the door to th apartment.  Susan fumbles for her key.
55) 0) text: The apartment is dark as Susan enters.  She does not swit on the lights.  She walks through the shadows of the big room, which has a grim and menacing atmosphere.  She kick off her shoes and, hugging the coat about her for warmth walks to the glass windows of the terrace.  After a momen she opens them and steps out.
56) 0) text: Susan walks across the terrace.  At this height the wind very strong.  CAMERA TRACKS with the girl, emphasizing th dizzying panorama of New York at night.  The girl's manne is strange; she moves as if under compulsion, a sleepwalk When she reaches the stone parapet, she leans against it with her body slumped, still hugging the fur coat as if i were some protection against her misery.
57) 0) text: Vertically downward.  From Susan's point of view.  The st sidewalks of Broadway are a terrifying distance below.
57) 1) dialog: An angle, shooting sharply upwards against the night sky. Wind blows the girl's hair, as she looks fixedly downward Her face is blank, expressionless. (For a moment we may f for her, afraid that she may have suicide in mind.) But presently she lifts her head looking towards the horizon.
68) 16) dialog: No. (sensing the seriousness of his manner)
68) 19) dialog: Seldom before five. (again)
68) 22) dialog: (taut)
68) 25) text: He's in the hospital...He's under arrest, too... They planted reefer cigarettes on him...in his overcoat pocket. Susan is becoming hysterical.
68) 26) dialog: (wildly)
68) 29) dialog: (slowly)
70) 3) text: Sidney walks towards the study, there is nobody there eit He goes back towards the stairs to the upper floor; in do so he repasses the door of Susan's bedroom, sees that it half open, goes to look in.
71) 7) dialog: He isn't here...
72) 2) dialog: No, I called... He studies the girl, says nothing.
72) 4) dialog: Mr. D'Angelo phoned about Steve...I went down to the hospital, but they wouldn't let me in.  He promised to keep in touch with me - Mr. D'Angelo, I mean...
72) 9) dialog: A CLOSE UP.  Susan's expression is blank; her eyes are unseeing.
72) 10) dialog: He's...unconscious... There is a tone of great despair in her voice.  Presently she recovers, CAMERA eases back to include Sidney beyond. She glances at him.
72) 11) dialog: I...I gave Steve up... (then)
72) 16) dialog: Don't bother to lie, Sidney. (moving away)
72) 20) dialog: (shaking her head)
72) 24) dialog: And I'm sorry for you, too, Sidney. You're going down with the ship.
72) 26) dialog: THIS ship. She studies Sidney.
72) 27) dialog: Don't you know how my brother will see you after tonight?  You'll be the man who drove his little stainless sister to suicide...
72) 32) text: It's late and I'm going home... Susan, in foreground, remains quite still, says nothing. background, Sidney slows down, his confidence failing him he looks back at her.
72) 36) dialog: Like you?
72) 38) dialog: I'm not a man, Sidney, I'm -
72) 40) dialog: I could almost forgive you if what you did to Steve came from jealousy and love...
72) 43) dialog: ...but you did it for greed, Sidney - and that's pathetic. She moves past him.  He grips her, turning her around.
72) 45) dialog: (helplessly)
72) 46) text: Please, Sidney, I can't stand this - CAMERA HOLDS Sidney and Susan in foreground.  But it is n shooting towards the door of the apartment.  A PANNING movement has included a figure at the other end of the bi room...
72) 49) text: Listen to me, lunatic!  All your life you've been doing penance for crimes you never committed!  I could change that, I'd teach you, I'd show you - ! CAMERA PANS round with Hunsecker who strolls across the room, making his presence known.  Sidney breaks off, drop his hands, releasing the girl.  Susan turns towards Hunse Hunsecker lays his briefcase and papers on the table.  He addresses Susan without looking at her.
72) 52) text: What is he doing here? Susan walks towards Hunsecker.
72) 53) dialog: I called him. Sidney moves forward also.
72) 55) text: She was depressed - she heard about Dallas. Hunsecker still ignores his existence, he walks past Susa carrying his papers to the desk.  Susan turns, watching h
72) 59) dialog: She is staring at her brother.  Suddenly, she is unable t suffer his authoritative air; she goes to him; he ignores her...
72) 64) dialog: Her head comes up sharply at the insult.
72) 68) dialog: (cutting in)
72) 71) text: Whose arms will I have to pry you out of next?  Not that I don't think you didn't invite it!  I know that look of yours, that pose of being wronged - and how it arouses the crusading instinct in even a Sidney Falco - Hunsecker's rising tide of brutality is having some effec on Susan, and Sidney, fearing for her, tries to intervene
72) 74) text: Is that why you were romancing her, you mutt! (turning back to Susan)
72) 76) text: And as for marriage, let me hit you with a few choice facts: you aren't ready for marriage!  You're incompetent - a capricious and shaky frail with a sick fatality for frail and useless men! Susan is staring sightlessly at the floor near Hunsecker' feet.  After a moment she turns and moves to the door of bedroom; her walk is a little unsteady; she goes inside, closes the door in Hunsecker's face.
74) 6) text: As far as the column is concerned - tonight you have forfeited every ethical consideration I ever felt for you... Much more concerned with his anxiety for Susan, Sidney interrupts.
74) 11) text: Let me finish what I started to say - Seeing that Hunsecker is not taking his advice, Sidney strides swiftly to the door of Susan's bedroom.  He knock on it.
75) 0) text: SHOOTING TOWARDS the door.  Susan is sitting on the bed i foreground.  In a methodical, hypnotic way, she is destro the contents of the drawer, tearing letters into small fragments.  Sidney's voice is heard outside: "Susie!" Sus appears not to hear it; CAMERA TRACKS closer to her. Sidney's voice is heard again, louder: "Susie!" Susan tur sharply towards the door.
75) 1) dialog: A CLOSE UP.  Susan rises to her feet, staring at the door She begins to back away from it.
75) 2) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK as Susan glances down at the record pla beside her.  She turns the knob.  We hear the clatter of record dropping and music begins.  The tune is "The Sage.
76) 12) dialog: A CLOSE UP.  She comes forward past the blowing curtains. The wind whips at her hair.  Over scene we hear the rumbl of the traffic on Broadway far below.
76) 15) text: CAMERA at floor level.  Susan is framed in foreground.  T lower half of Sidney can be seen beside her.  Hunsecker i on the terrace in background.  Shocked, he moves quickly into the room.
76) 17) text: Hunsecker stoops into shot.  Tenderly, he lifts the girl' body to get it into the arm chair.  Susan is quite lifele limp with the dead weight of a creature that has lost any instinct for self-preservation.  But as she feels her brother's arms, and as she recognizes who it is, she brea out in hysteria.
76) 18) dialog: (wildly)
76) 21) text: Susan!... But Susan strikes at him, a vicious gesture of revulsion. Hunsecker lets her go.  She falls into the arm chair, her face hidden from him; she begins to sob.
76) 22) dialog: (her body shaking)
76) 23) text: Go away!...Go away!... Hunsecker would like to comfort her, but he dare not touc her again for fear of inviting another rebuff.  He is dee hurt and wounded.  Embarrassed that Sidney should watch t moment, Hunsecker rises.  To cover his emotion, he walks the tray of drinks in background; he pours a brandy and comes back.  Stooping, he offers it to Susan.  Her only reaction is again to wrench herself away from him, facing the opposite direction.
76) 24) dialog: (sobbing bitterly)
76) 30) dialog: A CLOSE UP.  It is she who first becomes aware of the telephone.  Her weeping has stopped now.  Slowly, she rai her head.  CAMERA EASES BACK to include Sidney beyond her he notes this movement, seeing in it a revival of the gir will to live; he is moved.
76) 31) text: The telephone is framed in foreground, Susan beyond.  It continues to ring.  As Hunsecker crosses to his desk to p up the instrument, CAMERA PULLS BACK.  Hunsecker speaks:
76) 33) text: Just a minute... (turning back to Susan)
76) 37) dialog: Yes...yes...yes... Presently, she hangs up.  When she becomes aware that Hunsecker and Sidney are waiting for an explanation, she tells them:
76) 38) dialog: (speaking with difficulty)
76) 43) dialog: She does not look at him, she lowers her eyes but answers with a nod.  And then, more positively:
76) 44) dialog: Yes.
76) 63) text: Your brother and I arranged it all. And if the Leslie boy is still a squooshy item in your life, forget it! - your brother arranged that one, too!  I don't usually give away presents; but this is my gift to you: Get out of here!  Leave this man! During the latter part of the speech, Susan rises slowly her feet, staring first at Sidney and then, with fearful significance, at her brother.  Hunsecker does not look at her; he is concentrated on Sidney.  Twice he has been abo to demolish Sidney, but he now stops, A THOUGHT IN HIS HE
76) 68) text: Framing Hunsecker in foreground, Susan and Sidney beyond. Susan listens to Hunsecker objectively, with a mounting sense of his diseased reasoning.
76) 72) text: ...to do it. (turning to Susan)
76) 74) dialog: She is looking at Hunsecker.
76) 76) text: Yes or no, Susie...? Slowly, Susan nods.
76) 77) text: SHOOTING ACROSS Susan onto Hunsecker.  Hunsecker turns aw from her and walks to the telephone.  He picks it up and begins to speak.  While the scene continues, we hear his voice off screen, speaking to the phone, saying: "This is J.J. Hunsecker.  I want you to get a message through to Lieutenant Kello.  Ask him to ring me back.  It's urgent. Susan backs slowly away from Hunsecker.  Then she turns i CAMERA, which TRACKS with her and includes Sidney.  Susan looks at Sidney and then, ashamed, avoids his eye.  But Sidney comes nearer to her.  Susan is deeply distressed.
76) 78) dialog: (very quietly)
76) 79) text: He's sick. She looks again at Sidney.  Deliberately, Sidney nods. Susan walks toward her bedroom.
77) 0) text: Susan comes into the room, finding shelter from the revelation which has so appalled her.  Inexorably Sidney follows her.  He comes across the threshold, closes the d
77) 7) dialog: Go to Steve.
77) 10) text: For Pete's sake, straighten out the seams of your stockings - comb your hair - don't be so helpless all the time! CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Susan.  From the other room, hear the telephone ring.  Sidney turns and goes quickly o After a moment, Susan looks back at the door through whic Sidney has disappeared.
78) 0) text: Hunsecker is framed in foreground, speaking into the telephone.  Sidney is in background, outside the door of Susan's bedroom.  Hunsecker is fully aware of Sidney's presence, as he says:
79) 0) text: Hunsecker has hung up.  He stares at the telephone for a moment.  Then he moves towards Susan's door, CAMERA TRACK with him.  He comes to the threshold, looks at Susan who standing in much the same position in which Sidney left h
79) 1) dialog: Unaware that her brother is watching her, she picks up th fur coat on the bed. (She is about to start packing her belongings.) She turns as she hears Hunsecker speak.
79) 4) text: SHOOTING ACROSS Susan, towards Hunsecker.  Hunsecker come into the room.
79) 6) text: - but it's about time you had a new one. Susan turns squarely to face him.
79) 8) dialog: (soberly)
79) 12) text: Don't kid a kidder.  I'll see you for breakfast around eleven. Without waiting for a response, Hunsecker goes out, closi the door.  Susan stares at it for a moment.  Then she mov to get a small suitcase which she lays on the bed.
80) 0) text: Susan comes out of the door.  She moves with a sober determination, expecting to find Hunsecker in the room. CAMERA TRACKS with her.  But then she realizes that Hunse has gone out on the terrace.  She takes a step or two towards him, then pauses.
80) 2) dialog: A CLOSE UP.  She now realizes that there is no point in saying goodbye to him: she has already told him that she leaving and, if she becomes involved in further argument with him, it can do no good.  Yet there is some emotion o her face as she takes a last look at her brother; she tur away.
83) 0) text: CAMERA SHOOTS towards the closed door of Susan's room. Hunsecker walks into the shot, stops before the door.  He begins to take off his tie and unbutton his shirt, clearl preparing to go to bed.  As an after-thought, he comes ba to the door, addresses it:
83) 5) text: I don't have to tell you, of course, that I cleared your boyfriend's name; I didn't let you down... CAMERA has now moved so that we are shooting past Hunseck onto Susan's door.  He gets no answer except silence.
84) 0) text: The room is quite empty.  CAMERA SHOOTS across the bed towards the door in background.  Susan's discarded fur co lies on the bed.  And the doors of the wardrobe are open. Hunsecker's voice can be heard continuing over scene:
89) 0) text: CAMERA SHOOTS STEEPLY UP towards the top of the Brill Bld (At this angle Hunsecker's terrace will not be visible bu its position is established in relationship to the Budwei sign.) CAMERA PANS DOWN to pick up the figure of Susan Hunsecker as she pushes her way out of the brass doors on Broadway.
89) 1) text: Susan pauses on the sidewalk.  She stays there for a mome She breathes in the fresh morning air, looking around wit the expression of someone who sees the world with new eye Then she starts up Broadway - away from the Times Square area.  The girl's step has a purpose in it; she has confidence and courage.  Music for the end titles is quie simple and lyrical. END OF PICTURE