5) 16) dialog: Let's have 'em now, while they're fresh, eh, Nora?
5) 19) dialog: sighs as HONORA puts the frying pan on the stove. young student boarder, STEVE BAYLISS, appears in doorway,
5) 21) dialog: You're partial to a nice bit of mackerel, aren't you, STE
5) 32) dialog: Doris Day!
5) 34) dialog: (Laughing) Ya gotta be quick in this house, mate! Pauline stares misty-eyed at the album cover. HERBERT  calls out.
5) 35) dialog: (O.S.) (Tongue in cheek) Hey! Isn't it that Irish singer
8) 0) text: CLOSE-UP . . . a Christmas present is torn open . . . fol A Christmas tree adorns the Riepers' lounge. Some simple SUPER: "Christmas, 1952" Honora, Herbert, WENDY and Pauline are sitting on the flo Pauline unwraps her present . . . a diary. Her eyes light leans over.
8) 1) dialog: Hope it's all right. It's from Whitcomb and Tombs . . . Pauline opens the diary . . .
8) 11) dialog: (O.S.) Come on through.
8) 13) dialog: Look who I've found!
8) 23) dialog: They sound like a queer mob!
9) 1) dialog: What's that?
9) 6) dialog: smiles at Juliet.
9) 7) dialog: Yvonne tells us you're good at making models.
9) 9) dialog: We're pretty handy with model making, too, eh? Pauline looks down, cheeks burning.
9) 10) dialog: I've never cottoned on to Plasticine like you girls, but
9) 12) dialog: I work at Dennis Brothers Fish Supply. Muffled voices from the hallway.
9) 18) dialog: This story of yours-maybe the school newspaper will print
9) 20) dialog: (Laughs) Is that a fact! You'd better put me name down fo
9) 21) dialog: chuckles. Pauline and Juliet look at each with knowing sm
10) 36) dialog: Thought I'd have a go at building the birdhouse on Saturd Pauline remains silent.
12) 27) dialog: Go to the house. John scuttles out of the sleepout. Pauline lies still in
12) 28) dialog: (Upset) You have broken my heart, Yvonne.
12) 29) dialog: turns and leaves the room. Pauline stares at the ceiling.
13) 2) dialog: shakes his head, sullenly. Wendy hurries into the room, grabs a piece of toast, pull WENDY Where's John? He said he'd walk with me.
14) 25) dialog: is pouring a drink.
14) 26) dialog: Sure I can't tempt you to a nice sherry, Dr. Hulme? HENRY No, thank you. The thing is . . .
14) 28) dialog: sits down next to Honora, glass of sherry in hand. HENRY My wife and I feel the friendship is . . . unhealth
14) 29) dialog: No arguments there, Dr. Hulme! All that time inside worki
15) 0) text: Honora, Herbert, Wendy and Pauline are sitting on the flo
15) 1) dialog: waves a pair of new socks around. The family laughing and looks at her with concern.
19) 32) dialog: is chopping firewood in the back garden. HONORA  approaches him.
19) 34) dialog: What now?
20) 0) text: and HERBERT  are sitting with Hilda in the lounge. HILDA She's uncontrollable. I've told her that Pauline is
20) 1) dialog: and HONORA  exchange a glance. HILDA I expect you've heard the same from your own daught
20) 4) dialog: She's cut us out of her life . . . it's been causing her HILDA What I'm suggesting is that we let the girls spend
20) 5) dialog: Is that a good idea?
20) 6) dialog: looks at HONORA  . . . tears are running down her cheeks. He stands and us
20) 7) dialog: Why don't I telephone you tonight, Mrs. Hulme? HILDA Yes, of course.
20) 8) dialog: accompanies Hilda into the hallway.
22) 0) text: and HERBERT  sitting in the front of the car. They are driving home.
24) 25) dialog: That man's a credit to the nation. Pauline and Juliet dissolve into giggles.
24) 27) dialog: I'd better be getting back. Bye, love.
24) 28) dialog: pulls his coat on. HONORA  gives him a peck cheek.
24) 30) dialog: Have a nice outing, you lot.
24) 33) dialog: wanders out. HONORA  turns to Pauline and Juliet.
25) 9) dialog: Rieper: Simon O'Connor Published by permission of Wingnut Films. Copyright (c) 1993 by Wingnut Films. All rights reserved. Wingnut Films gratefully acknowledges the consent of and Illustrations (c) 1995 Paul Hamlyn Writing and Directing Heavenly Creatures A Talk with Frances Walsh and Peter Jackson Peter Jackson and Frances Walsh were both born and raised Academy of Fantasy, Science Fiction and Horror. Jackson and Walsh (who had previously written for episodi by Robert Zemeckis and starring Michael J. Fox; it will b The version of Heavenly Creatures published here is a fin Fran, my understanding is that you were the first to beco Frances Walsh: Well, popular topic-I'm not sure about tha FW: Yes, yes. And I also got my hands on a novel called O And there was also a play, wasn't there? FW: Yeah, there's been a play, and there have been nonfic Since it had already been treated in all of these differe Peter Jackson: Well, we didn't really think it had been t I know that all of Pauline's voiceovers from the film are PJ: Well, the structure was fairly apparent once we start FW: It's when they have their first delusional experience the story into the third act. Whom did you interview to cull together all of this infor PJ: Well, we went through about 35 or 40 people. We wante I read somewhere that the school was not particularly ent PJ: No, the school didn't want anything to do with it. Ch FW: Peter and Jim Booth, the producer of the movie, went PJ: We also heard from several sources we interviewed tha living in the 1950s. We found that with a lot of the peop And we actually thought about doing that. But within 20 o Pertaining to that quest for accuracy, how does one go ab FW: Well, all you can do is attempt to find out as much a Did you interview any of the boarders in the Rieper house PJ: Yeah, I did, very briefly. We found one of the boarde wound him up about the whole thing and told him he should FW: I think our understanding when we set out to write th friendship and the nature of those families from which th PJ: The Hulme family were a lot easier to research than P The research actually carried on through the shooting of for nearly five months, so it was an ideal opportunity to I'm sure the production got a certain amount of notice in PJ: To an extent, but not as much as what we had hoped. P FW: We have heard, subsequently, that Pauline's sister, W PJ: She thought that the portrayal of the tension between In gathering all of this material, I'm sure there were ce PJ: There was one area we deliberately steered clear of t As you say, there was quite a bit of stuff we had to leav Sometimes we used diary entries and just dramatized them, The girls ' sense of humor does manage to come through in go to Victoria Park. Were their snide comments about Sir FW: That was out of our imagination. We were told that th them to send up, because whatever they did, they were ter The film critic for Time, Richard Corliss, likened you to PJ: I think from the beginning. That was one of the motiv You, too, Fran? FW: I felt that the diary: offered the first insight into I think it's fair to say that both Peter and I felt hugel Peter, your camera work, in all of the films you've direc PJ: In this particular screenplay, camera movement came q Serenade"- FW: Well, we knew that was important to them b PJ: When we heard it, just the life and vitality in the s How long did it take the two of you to finish a first dra PJ: Not really long. I think the first draft was written And the draft we're publishing is the shooting script? PJ: Yeah. I think that's about draft number five. We did draft from the position where we felt we knew some of the How do the two of you handle writing collaboratively? PJ: Well, it depends. You know, if Fran's working on some I think that we both have a good understanding of structu Just one little thing. Even though Heavenly Creatures was Which one is that? PJ: Well, it was late one night, and we were hoping to fi I know you found Kate Winslet at an audition in England. PJ: Well, it's one of those stories that sounds like it's on, and Fran said to me, "You're not really happy with th FW: We were in a rusting Ford Cortina, and we had no offi a Porsche?" [both laugh] So then I would pitch the story PJ: I guess that went on for about a week. Every night I' Do you think there was any correspondence between the two PJ: One of the things that we knew about Pauline was that I've read that you used actual locations for some of this PJ: As much as we could. The only location we couldn't us permission. The school buildings are now owned by the Chr Women's Embroidery Guild-it sounds like something out of And what about the murder scene? PJ: Well, we went to the murder site, and we just felt un There is one sequence of scenes in this script which didn PJ: Well, that sequence was actually shot, and exists in read-and it's fun in the film as well-but it does slow th FW: I think when we wrote the script we felt it was very Although this film is very different from Braindead, both PJ: Well, the script for Braindead was set in the modern FW: But that repression is still very much in evidence he FW: Christchurch suffers from it more than any other city PJ: The thing with this murder, too, is that the sense yo FW: It's been said that Christchurch was more appalled by Speaking generally about your films, you both seem to hav PJ: Well, I like movies to be entertaining, to be a littl The fantasy sequences are written pretty much as they app PJ: Pretty much. We hadn't used any optical or digital ef What about your use of the Plasticine figures? Was that s PJ: Yeah, we interviewed several people who remembered th Rieper refers to it in his court testimony. We also inter And, of course, there are endless passages in the diaries crowns and have them looking like something out of a scho What about the linking of certain actors to certain figur PJ: Well, that was something that we devised ourselves. B That's referred to in the scene in Pauline's sleepout. PJ: Yeah, and for some reason, Pauline refers to him as N Could you talk about the fact that, during production, An FW: Well, where do you start? We knew that would be a pos Didn't Dustin Hoffman have something in the works? FW: His company, Punch Productions, I believe, had a scri That rumor sprang from a production of the play that had PJ: I mean, we were absolutely disgusted by some of the a get sent by a friend in the States clippings with these a Did you fever consider using the coordinates of the actua PJ: No, because the case is so well-known in New Zealand; FW: Fictionalizing the O.J. Simpson case. PJ: It's unnecessary. I mean, sure, if it was just a movi making it to try and rectify 40 years of misunderstanding Were there any other films you looked at as inspiration b FW: Well, we looked at movies like Let Him Have It, which story, and similarly Dance with a Stranger, which was abo PJ: We wanted to make it a lot funnier than those films. like to enjoy themselves, and there was no doubt that Pau FW: But the other reason why it was important that we tel PJ: A lot of women have come up to us and said, "I was Pa (Tod Lippy conducted this interview over the telephone wi