1) 2) dialog: Hey, Jean!...Don't forget the ionizer...Okay? JEAN nods. Puts down her drill as the hydraulic deck above her begins to descend. The sandblaster is wearing a protective suit and helmet visor. CLOSE on helmet as it’s removed, Long, black hair tumbles out. RAVEN, 8 remarkably beautiful girl of 19, descends, passing in front of JEAN, who is drilling again. RAVEN waves at JEAN as the platform heads toward the ground.
2) 0) text: RAVEN walks toward the crew trailer parked in the driveway. Slips out of her protective suit to reveal a tight pair of painter's overalls. She has a bell-~boy on her hip. Sits on the steps of the trailer and takes her work boots off. She's slipping into a pair of high~ fashion stiletto boots as FRANK approaches.
2) 3) dialog: You going to be around later? Moment when RAVEN looks up at JUNIOR JEAN drilling. FRANK glances up toward JEAN and back to RAVEN. RAVEN stands, grabs a large pink tote bag that's packed with personal belongings and admires her boots.
2) 5) dialog: I guess me and Junior Jean will see you over at the bar later. RAVEN nods, beams. Waves and walks out of frame.
11) 7) dialog: Un~believable.
13) 0) text: Two bedroom doors are closed to a hallway and bathroom. One door opens and FRANK walks out in his underwear, seriously hung over. The second door opens. It's . JUNIOR JEAN in a bath robe. JEAN looks at him. She's hurt. He's silent, sheepish. Her hurt turns to an angry glare. She walks away. He makes his way into the bathroom, : . + .
14) 17) text: SUNIOR JEAN exits. VERA goes to the stove. FRANK sits down, head in hands.
14) 18) dialog: Just juice and coffee. I can't eat. : . VERA bringing over coffee and juice.
14) 20) dialog: (holding his head) Please, Ma. Not now.
14) 23) dialog: I like beer.
14) 25) dialog: I don't do nothing to Junior Jean,
14) 30) dialog: Give me a break.
14) 33) dialog: (shrugging - it off) We've been working our asses off.
14) 35) dialog: Do we have to talk about ‘ r this at breakfast? .
14) 39) dialog: (laughs) Nose jobs! CC - ‘ CONTINGED ‘ . 20 21 (cont'd)
14) 48) dialog: Hey, Ma. Why does Howard call you Big Mac?
25) 6) text: Look,Father... : I gotta get this over with because i : I'm in a real hurry. I'm Jean Cavastani,..I live with Frank 1 Rosenberg and his Ma but I guess ; you wouldn't know them. Anyway, I want to confess my sins because 1 I can't afford to have anyone | coming down on me today. Es- pecially God. And especially ’ today. Today is the biggest ( day of my life, Father. I'm competing in the figure skating regionals and it's terribly, terribly important for me to place, If I don't, I'11 just Gie. Me and Vera spent weeks [ getting the costume together which is fantastic. And all my spare time (which isn't much because of my job)...all my spare time went on my jumps. Anyway, here's what I think my sins are...1 jerk... ’ I mean, I masturbate a lot because t- - Frank is off me these days and I've never been with another boy.
26) 0) text: JILL POTOKER'S marks are held up high by the judges. Mostly five/sixes and five/sevens for artistic inter- pertation., They're the best marks of the day. JILL takes the accomplishment in a matter-of-fact manner. FRANK, late, comes rushing in.
26) 7) dialog: {out of braath) ; Blow ‘em away, Jeanie! VERA takes the cloak. JEAN moves toward the gate. She skates slowly to the spotlight at center ice. Polite applause from the polite side. Cheering from her friends.
27) 5) text: 37 38 39 (cont'd) JEAN struggles to her feet again. The MUSIC BUILDS. SEAN can't move. She stands at center ice staring at RAVEN still moving superbly to the musie. MUSIC stops. RAVEN stops, Silence, JEAN and RAVEN are left staring at each other, not yet comprehending what has happened between them. FRANK steps on ice. SEAN skates over. He embraces her.
38) 10) text: (cont'd) FRANK'S table, whose drinking with other blue-collar workers, Bends down and drags on his cigarette while it's still in his hand, her eyes still fixed on PAUL POTOKER'S stare. Every bend, every move appears as if it's meant for a camera. Conscious that her performance continues off stage, RAVEN moves toward PAUL. There is, about her, an air of unobtainability. HOWARD stands, steps toward her, .
39) 3) dialog: Don't you ever stop working? RAVEN stands, examines her work.
39) 6) dialog: These contractors. They never pay their bills on time.
50) 0) text: JEAN has cleared away the Peggy Fleming poster. Taped up in its place are paintings of voluptous she-creatures, pages ripped from an inexpensive art book series: "The Fantastic Art of Frank Frazetta." CAMERA PANS the paintings, various costume details have been circled and numbered with a magic marker.
52) 0) text: RAVEN, wearing her painter's overalls, is sitting at her plexiglas table. On the table are the six pairs of Maude Frizon shoes from PAUL. Between her feet is a piece of newspaper with various cans of spray paint, bottles of nail polish. She's painting a realistic girl's foot on the outside of one shoe. The second shoe, completed, below explains: The shoe appears like an illustrated, naked foot, toenails, polished bright red. FRANK enters frame. Paces. He's dressed to leave.
52) 2) dialog: But what's changed?
52) 4) dialog: (angry) Who are you, Raven? What's going on in there?
52) 7) dialog: No. You definitely did not. Fuck!
52) 10) dialog: (emoticnal) I gotta go... Walks out of frame.
55) 0) text: VERA enters. HOWARD is examining his sketch book against some newly made shelves. TINA TECH is cutting lumber on a stationary power saw. FRANK is drilling holes in a baseboard where he's installing an electrical device. Attaches the wire that leads to JUNIOR JEAN. Something's wrong.
55) 5) dialog: (yells to Jean) I told you we should have used number four wire! SEAN makes a face in the window. Enters building.
57) 0) text: As the platforms ascend, TINA TECH is the dancer performing alone this time. She is wearing her Hi- Tech extension cord outfit previously seen in the dressing room. The goldfish swimming in the heels of her plexiglas high heels are slapping frantically around as she moves electrically to the music. She's holding a plexiglas dagger that keeps changing color in the light. She places the dagger blade under the extension cord as if she were trying to free herself from the clutches of a snake. At one point the cords appears to be cut in half. She grabs the cords and twirls out ef the snake's clutches in one long balletic move. CAMERA travels back revealing the audience regulars and HOLDS on one table. At the table PAUL, RAVEN, and HOWARD, sipping Jellybeans, watch TINA'S performance. VERA, FRANK and JUNIOR JEAN watch from the next fable. FRANK stares resentfully at PAUL, from time to time. RAMOS, near the door leading to the dressing room stairs, waves to get RAVEN'S attention. He's standing with ANGELENE, a very shapely blonde in her early twenties. RAVEN walks over to them as TINA'S performance continues.
71) 0) text: The shop is very close to being completed: a bright stylish metamorphosis. LORRAINE is painting the trim. FRANK is up by the chimney checking electrical terminals. In front of the building, TINA TECH and SOLITARY are hand-lettering a sign that reads “TWO TO TANGO", RAVEN and JUNIOR JEAN are standing discussing the sign. RAVEN . Did Howard fix that blue?
71) 6) dialog: Hey, Jean. Throw that coil. up will you? JEAN moves for it. RAVEN gets to it first. Throws it up quickly It catches Frank in the crotch. JEAN and RAVEN giggle. FRANK ignores them. RAVEN puts her arm around JEAN. Feels the pressure of her biceps,
72) 11) dialog: {from roof) Pure unadulterated bull-shit! The girls start fighting about who's going to ride in it first.
98) 0) text: The audience is getting impatient. They're starting - c to whistle and slam their beers on the table. NICK leaves FRANK'S table and walks towards the dressing room stairs.
100) 2) dialog: Baby, you were wonderful! Sensational!
100) 4) dialog: I had no idea.
100) 6) dialog: I love you, baby.
100) 8) dialog: But...? JUNTLR JEAN (coyly) No promises o- Frankie...
104) 0) text: The BIKERS have surrounded HOWARD and are brutally beating him, kicking him, His face is running with blood. HOWARD slugs back viciously. FIRST BIKER t Fucking queen! , TINA TECH spins one of the BIKERS around and levels him with a terrific punch. Two other BIKERS pick her up and hurl her against garbage cans. One of them kicks her squarely in the face. FRANK, RAVEN and some bar regulars rush into the alley. The BIKERS take off. RAVEN bends beside HOWARD, who's bleeding, broken.
104) 1) dialog: (bending over Tina) Call an ambulance! EXT. HARD HAT BAR AND GRILL + MARKET NEIGHBORHOOD — NIGHT . A fire engine stands beside the smoldering bikes. Police cars everywhere. RAMOS, sobbing, sits in the ambulance as HOWARD, on a stretcher, is placed in the back. TINA TECH is put in another ambulance. RAVEN sits in the back with her. FRANK is enbracing JUNIOR JEAN. She's crying on his shoulder. An astonish- ing debacle.