6) 0) text: RAVEN is slipping out of a pair of parachute pants to reveal a brief and sexily thrown together dancer's warm-up costume. Body builders, both male and female, are pumping up as the CAMERA PANS. RAVEN waves across the room to what are obviously close friends -=- four dramatically attractive girls in their late teens ~~ NADIA, LORRAINE, SOLITARY and TINA TECH. The girls bodies glisten with sweat as they work out on exercise machines. RAVEN poses in front of a mirror in an elegantly pxagerated move that projects both deep concentration and deep sexvality. She keeps tensing her calf muscles and seems to be examining them. She walks over to the Standing Calf Raises Machine and puts on a heavy shoulder press. She starts working the inside of her calf, then the outside. MUSICAL SEQUENCE: MONTAGE of flexing torsos and muscles as the entire gym appears to be building to a vein-popping pump. TONY, the instructor- owner wanders past RAVEN.
6) 10) dialog: And check the deltoids... I want to look hard,
6) 12) dialog: God Raven. What's female? I'm into Hi-Tech. That's me. Tina Tech...
6) 14) dialog: Look. See these wrist curls. One at a time. Fifteen pounds. I do ninety percent angle work with my arms and shoulders. After seven times I wait for the burn. Then when I'm aching I do 21 sets of seven moves...The last ones . are really ball busting.
6) 16) dialog: Don't you want to look perfect?
6) 21) dialog: I doubt it... The two friends stop talking and pose unselfcons=- ciously in the wall-mirror, striking strange, physical attitudes one after the other. LORRAINE, NADIA and SOLITARY, noticing this, break off from the machines and approach them. RAVEN arches backward, undulates, trails her long, black hair on the floor and lifts her head up between her legs and out again in what appears to be the world's most suggestive dance move.
6) 28) dialog: (jokingly) Easy for you to say, bitch. RAVEN walks over to a big portable radio-cassette player sitting by the mirror. Pushes in tape; MSIC.
10) 2) text: RE meee anata ae LLL TART SR Eile SE HR 15 (cont'd) white pancake makeup, her lips a slash of scarlet. She's applying eyeliner. Next to her is SOLITARY, an Ultra Wave dancer. She wears a pink cape over a black silk balloon-like outfit that is all one piece. She's strapping on pink high heels with pink ties that wrap around her calves. LORRAINE, is wearing a shaped one-piece leopard outfit, lizard stilettos, high-fashion jewelry knock-offs and multi-colored makeup giving her a feline look. Next is TINA TECH wearing a hard hat that has been cut down to look like a skull cap. On the front of the hat is a worker's hammer crossed with a lightening bolt. She's wearing a see-through plastic overall. Inside we can see other costumes in plastic and in various primary colors. She's wrapped, snake-like, in hi-tech electrical extension cords in various pastel colors. On her feet are a pair of plexiglas high heels with live goldfish swimmi.g in the heels. TINA is feeding other goldfish in a small aquarium in front of her. Finally we see RAVEN, unquestionably the star here. She's not completely dressed yet. PAMOS, who lives with HOWARD, is a hair-dresser whose work is too extreme for the uptown salons. He's blow-drying RAVEN'S hair. RAVEN reaches for a bottle of Amaretto nearby and pours it over a piece of cheesecake. Eats a forkful.
10) 15) dialog: Did you mix my nailpolish, Howard? HOWARD opens his kit and ‘Shows TINA a pot of mixed nailpolish.
10) 16) dialog: That's not industrial grey!
17) 0) text: The eccentric blue Comet, carrying NADIA, SOLITARY, TINA TECH in the back seat, RAVEN in the front, LORR-‘ AINE driving, turns onto the street and heads toward the bakery truck, The car and the girls, all wearing outrageous street fashions, cause shoppers' heads to turn.
18) 0) text: The girls are having a great time flaunting themselves to the uptown crowd. TINA TECH parodies one of the well-heeled shoppers, a middle-aged man obviously gay.
18) 1) dialog: Check out the bum-burgler.
19) 3) dialog: Not that shithouse?
20) 3) dialog: It costs that to park your car around here.
20) 11) dialog: Trust Solitary to try to weenie out...
23) 6) dialog: Jesus! What for? JEAN turns to TINA. She's frantic.
30) 0) text: CLOSE ON one of three sandblasters blasting the third- Story facade of the previously-seen house under renovation. Out of the corner of her headgear, RAVEN sees the forlorn figure of JUNIOR JEAN walking toward the house. RAVEN turns off her blast hose. Struggles out of headgear. Waves to renovation crew foreman. Her hydraulic deck begins to descend. TINA TECH working as a carpenter's helper walks up to RAVEN. JUNIOR JEAN approaches.
31) 0) text: JUNIOR JEAN and TINA TECH are walking silently together. TINA puts a sisterly arm aroundher friend as they walk. TINA is wearing her work clothes, JUNIOR JEAN, A bomber jacket and jeans.
31) 2) dialog: You had some great moments. You'll get another shot...
31) 4) dialog: You lost concentration. I saw it...
31) 9) dialog: She's a fabulous dancer.
31) 11) dialog: She's one of those people who don't need things. Don't need cards held up to know she's perfect sixes.
31) 13) dialog: I think she scares all of us . sometimes... They face each other as if they're sharing a secret. Shouting from across the street breaks mood,
32) 0) text: A city official standing in front of his official car is listening to loud complaints from a heavy~ set housewife, the next door neighbor to the ILLUSTRATED HOUSE. The earnest Italian muralist has added one more episode to his view of the world. A topless blessed virgin suckling a Christchild. The housewife is screaming about the obscenity of it all. Peering through a windowed curtain is a red- faced MR, CORRELLI. JUNIOR JEAN and TINA burst into laughter.
35) 4) text: EXT. STREET = HARD HAT BAR & GRILL — NIGHT HOWARD'S delivery truck pulis up in Front of the bar. He slams the door in a rage and moves toward the depot coffee shop where the BIKERS and a few GROUPIES, who taunted him earlier are standing in front of their Yamahas. HOWARD, when angry, has a fearful physical presence. TINA TECH has just arrived at the door of the bar. Looks on.
35) 9) dialog: Koward! She runs toward him as two other BIKERS attack. SECOND BIKER struggles free. As FIRST BIKER moves in TINA, surprisingly strong, stops him. NORMA comes at her. TINA grabs her by sweatshirt.
35) 10) dialog: Touch me, bitch and I'll xip your lungs out. TINA pulls HORARD back, BIKERS move toward them. A police car Gown the street brings action to a halt. TINA glares at the BIXERS.
35) 11) dialog: Fuckin’ Palookas! HOWARD and TINA walk cautiously back to the bar.
37) 0) text: RAMOS, busy doing TINA'S MAKEUP, hands RAVEN a towel.
37) 2) dialog: Fits are better. When I get some extra money I'm going to get some Living Nails.
37) 8) dialog: They're Louis Jourdan.
55) 0) text: VERA enters. HOWARD is examining his sketch book against some newly made shelves. TINA TECH is cutting lumber on a stationary power saw. FRANK is drilling holes in a baseboard where he's installing an electrical device. Attaches the wire that leads to JUNIOR JEAN. Something's wrong.
57) 0) text: As the platforms ascend, TINA TECH is the dancer performing alone this time. She is wearing her Hi- Tech extension cord outfit previously seen in the dressing room. The goldfish swimming in the heels of her plexiglas high heels are slapping frantically around as she moves electrically to the music. She's holding a plexiglas dagger that keeps changing color in the light. She places the dagger blade under the extension cord as if she were trying to free herself from the clutches of a snake. At one point the cords appears to be cut in half. She grabs the cords and twirls out ef the snake's clutches in one long balletic move. CAMERA travels back revealing the audience regulars and HOLDS on one table. At the table PAUL, RAVEN, and HOWARD, sipping Jellybeans, watch TINA'S performance. VERA, FRANK and JUNIOR JEAN watch from the next fable. FRANK stares resentfully at PAUL, from time to time. RAMOS, near the door leading to the dressing room stairs, waves to get RAVEN'S attention. He's standing with ANGELENE, a very shapely blonde in her early twenties. RAVEN walks over to them as TINA'S performance continues.
59) 0) text: TINA TECH finishes her routine and is carried up into the dressing room to applause and cheers. RAVEN is Btanding at the next table, bending over VERA chatting about ANGELENE. .
61) 0) text: The lights dim, signaling a new show, RAVEN and PAUL drink their Jellybeans as the strains of gospel music buld. The platforms descend. At the center, holding a Bible, is ANGELENE. She's wearing a multi-colored skirt, G-string, bra, cowboy jacket and hat. The outfit is covered in micro-dot lights that flash images of angels with halos and Christian symbols. She's also wearing painted cowboy boots with a black garter belt. As the podiums ascend, TINA, NADIA, LORRAINE, and SOLITARY dance satirically to what they consider dumb music. AS ANGELENE: strips, she bends down to touch her cowboy boots revealing a G-string the shape of a cross. With her rear pointing to the audience, she flashes a view of the cruscifixition in micro~dots.
71) 0) text: The shop is very close to being completed: a bright stylish metamorphosis. LORRAINE is painting the trim. FRANK is up by the chimney checking electrical terminals. In front of the building, TINA TECH and SOLITARY are hand-lettering a sign that reads “TWO TO TANGO", RAVEN and JUNIOR JEAN are standing discussing the sign. RAVEN . Did Howard fix that blue?
71) 2) dialog: There's not enough yellow in it..
84) 0) text: The MODERN PRIEST and JUNIOR JEAN are sitting casually in a pew at the front of the church. CAMERA HOLDS on RAVEN, TINA, HOWARD, and RAMOS who are waiting for JEAN to finish her session. They're talking quietly.
84) 2) dialog: She's asking him if it's a sin to take her clothes 6ff in a bar...Not too cool...
100) 0) text: The audience is still restlessly chanting for more. Now slamming beer glasses on the table in unison. C MUSIC begins to build. The podiums start their descent. A hush falls over the audience. In the center platform « flanked by LORRIANE, NADIA, TINA TECH and SOLITARY, is a winged creature. She's wearing a knight's war helmet. A Darth Vadar pink light flashes across they eye slit. She's wearing winged high heels. rf A snake wrapped around the thigh made of chrome, leather and bone wrist guards, a copper and leopard bra. The MUSIC has almost futuristic quality. From somewhere thunder SOUNDS. As the other podinms ascend she takes off her helmet. Her back is to the audience. She places the helmet on her podium. The stage is . black as the blinking helmet travels up to the t _ @ressing room on she podium. She turns around, hidden in her wings. She's hit by purple laser beams.
102) 0) text: HOWARD walks back behind the bar, grabs a bottle of cognac and storms Out again. TINA TECH, still wearing her Hi-Tech extension chord outfit, notices HOWARD. Concerned, she stands and follows him out. The celebration continues.
103) 0) text: HOWARD marches over to the motorcycles. Unscrews the gas tank caps on al) three, TINA TECH steps out of the bar, He splashes cognac over all three bikes.
104) 0) text: The BIKERS have surrounded HOWARD and are brutally beating him, kicking him, His face is running with blood. HOWARD slugs back viciously. FIRST BIKER t Fucking queen! , TINA TECH spins one of the BIKERS around and levels him with a terrific punch. Two other BIKERS pick her up and hurl her against garbage cans. One of them kicks her squarely in the face. FRANK, RAVEN and some bar regulars rush into the alley. The BIKERS take off. RAVEN bends beside HOWARD, who's bleeding, broken.
105) 3) text: 131 132 (cont'd) relatives, neighborhood friends, and TINA TECH, whose face is badly battered. The MODERN PRIEST and PAUL POTOKER are waiting in the distance for RAVEN who is lingering beside HOWARD'S open grave. carring her bowler hat, with feather. into the grave.
107) 0) text: VERA, the earth mother, is busily adjusting the sandwich boards being worn by TINA TECH, JUNIOR JEAN, SOLITARY, NADIA and LORRAINE. The boards announce with some panache, the opening of TWO TO TANGO. The girls themselves look terrific. A little shy to get out there on the streets with the uptown shoppers.
107) 4) dialog: We shall overdose! RAVEN and VERA watch the rag-tag group, quietly hit the streets, gradually gather confidence and finally bop to the sound of their own internal music. RAVEN and VERA have to laugh.
113) 2) dialog: Give ‘em shit, Mr. Correlli? 139 tal 140