1) 4) text: The main room of the house is lit only by the fire in the broad hearth and by candles placed in a circle around the room. ‘The CAULDRON BOILS on the fire as the three Sanderson sisters, WINIFRED, MARY, and SARAH stand around it. Very old, and dressed in the heavy black woolen clothing of the era, they look like exactly what they are... witches. Winifred is the eldest and by far the most powerful. (CONTINUED)
1) 8) dialog: (reading) Oil of boil... (puts in a drop) And a dead man's toe... Drops one in. Suddenly, Sarah's nose catches a whiff of something. She sniffs.
1) 14) dialog: Sisters, our guest is here. The witches share an evil laugh of pleasure and move back into the room. The kids are terrified, as the white form approaches and becomes identifiable as... a LITTLE GIRL dressed in a long white night shirt.
1) 22) dialog: 'Finally when 'tis nearly done, Add a bit of thy own tongue...
1) 23) dialog: as she bites her own tongue, then spits into the cauldron.
1) 28) dialog: 'Tis ready for tasting. Mary is about to take a taste, but Winifred gives her a painful backhand, knocking her away from it. She dips a . Spoon into the potion, then holds the steaming spoon ou to Emily.
1) 29) dialog: One drop of this, and her life will be mine. The witches cackle. The entranced little girl opens her mouth wide as Winifred leans in with the spoon. But suddenly the door to the house flies open, and Thackery races in.
1) 31) dialog: Get him, you fools!
1) 33) dialog: as she shrieks in rage at the sight of her ruined potion. Her hair is now standing out straight in the air. Thackery bolts for the door, but Winifred nails him with a massive jolt of electricity and he goes down.
1) 39) dialog: What shall we do with him, sisters?
1) 42) dialog: No no, he's such a brave little ~ boy, -his punishment must be more co ... inventive... Let's find something in my book. She pets the book.
1) 46) dialog: (smacks her) I have it! -His punishment will not be to die, but to live forever...
1) 54) dialog: Twist the bones and bend the back; Trim him of his baby fat. Give him fur, as black as black, And pointy claws with which to spat! Winifred hisses at him.
2) 5) dialog: Mortal ignorant fools! Hang us, burn us, what ye will! But our spirits abide here in this hill, that one Hallow'd Eve when the moon is round, a virgin will summon us from the ground! The witches poke cruelly AT CAMERA Torchlight Emily and Flames leap at the (CONTINUED)
2) 10) dialog: We will be back! You have not seen the last of us, Salem Village! (Mother Goosey) Mind ye children well... mind ye childr -- CAMERA PANS UP TO AND HOLDS ON the full moon as the WITCHES SHRIEK WITH LAUGHTER. But their shrieking is suddenly cut short, as we hear the PLANK TUMBLE to the ground.
23) 0) text: Sign: "The Sanderson House, circa 1642. Home of Winifred, Sarah and Mary Sanderson, hanged as witches, Halloween night 1692. 12 to 5 M-Sat. Donation $3.00." The sign is rotting. The place is overgrown. A newer sign been nailed over the old, "CLOSED! NO TRESPASSING!" Dark clouds cross the moon: (CONTINUED )
26) 7) dialog: But who brought us back? The witches scan the room and see the three witch effigies. Winifred approaches them. (CONTINUED)
26) 13) dialog: Sisters? She puts her hand on one, and it falls over. Winifred examines them, puzzled. Suddenly, Sarah's nose starts twitching.
26) 15) dialog: What?
26) 18) dialog: Come. out, my dears. We will not harm you.
26) 21) dialog: Greetings, little one.
26) 23) dialog: (not buying it) I see. The three witches gather closely around her, pawing and poking her with their sharp fingers.
26) 24) dialog: (menacingly) Such a pretty little girl. (CONTINUED )
26) 30) dialog: Tell me, my sweet, what is the date?
26) 32) dialog: Allhallow Eve. My curse worked > just as planned. And the year?
26) 35) dialog: Sisters, we have been dead... three oO hundred years.
26) 50) dialog: as she gets so mad that the WATER literally SIZZLES off her face.
27) 12) dialog: as she tastes the water streaming into her mouth and realizes...
27) 13) dialog: Water! It is but water! Sarah and Mary stop screaming and lap up the droplets.
27) 15) dialog: (smacks her) The boy has tricked us! (sees broken case) My book! They have stolen it! After them, sisters!
28) 3) dialog: 'Tis is most strange vessel... (emblem) Ah... a vessel for Fording this river.
28) 10) dialog: 'Tis firm as stone! It is a road.
30) 6) dialog: My spellbook!
30) 16) dialog: (crowns them) Sisters, consider thy arms. They do. Winifred digs a finger into hers. She gets wax. Sarah gets wax. Mary hurts herself.
30) 18) dialog: 'Tis only thy girth which slows they fate.
30) 20) dialog: Little help for that, sister. (hypothesis) I fear the hourglass is pouring. See too how we move about now? We do not walk as flesh, we float as spirit, neither alive nor dead. We must get the spellbook and conjure for our lives this night! Come, the hours are numbered... Winifred spins grandly -- her witch-togs twirling -- heads for the house. The dunces follow:
30) 21) dialog: ++. and we are dead by dawn.
32) 0) text: The place is wrecked. Winifred whistles -- a classic twig broom flies to her. Sarah whistles -- a modern- type nylon-bristle angle broom skitters over to her. (CONTINUED)
32) 5) dialog: To_the sky!
33) 1) dialog: Salem Village is a change'd world. Many witches burning regular now.
33) 30) dialog: Book be mine! The spellbook leaps!
33) 33) dialog: Thackery Binx? My, my, still alive?
33) 35) dialog: Enjoying your 9 millions lives? (CONTINUED)
33) 45) dialog: Enough! Give me the book or die!
33) 51) dialog: Souls at peace, remain at rest; Tortured spirit, join our quest. Smell with nose, see with eye; Twist your fingers toward the sky; Push aside your earthen sheet; Stand upon your good dead feet. Life is sweet; be not shy-sleeping slave, arise! Arise! (CONTINUED )
33) 57) dialog: (to Billy) After the children! Billy moves on.Allison and Dani who run after Binx making tracks out of the graveyard.
33) 60) dialog: Peek-a-boo, we see you! Give me the book! Binx barrels headlong toward the witches.
33) 68) dialog: Damnable child! Damn Thackery Binx! Damn him to the dogs for eternity!
35) 0) text: The witches fly in formation. Mary leads the way -- her nose pulls her herky-jerky. It yanks her downward toward Salem. It's zero'd in. She rockets toward earth. . ‘ WINIFRED (> . They be a million million lanterns, — not pyres. The world has grown. (CONTINUED)
36) 0) text: Mary-the-spiraling-meteor crash lands like a model rocket in a front lawn. Winifred and Mary land nearby. ‘They stow their brooms and consider the street in horror:
36) 4) dialog: But, where?
36) 7) dialog: Quiet. I must think. This is very strange... A group of ghouls ring a doorbell. An adult answers. He drops something in the ghouls' upheld bags.
37) 0) text: The witches hold their skirts as bags. Winifred figures out the doorbell. Rings it. The door opens.
37) 11) dialog: We seek three children and a cat.
37) 18) text: Riches! Winifred and Sarah consider Mary's discovery. (CONTINUED )
37) 27) dialog: Because he is not our master. And these are not hob goblins!
37) 31) dialog: All Hallows Eve has become a night of frolic when everyone wears costumes and runs amuck! See them collecting candies 'n' treats? See how many children now in Salem Village? Sisters, we must brew up some spells at once!
37) 33) dialog: -- Yes, yes, we need the book. But this is too much to pass by. We can kill two crows with a single stone this night! Don't ye see?! (CONTINUED)
37) 38) dialog: You will, sisters. You will. The book will wait while we gather children. If it's. candy they desire, then candy we will give them freely. Winifred gets an itch. More wax.
37) 39) dialog: Time grows short. I fear the worst. Lead on, sister Sarah, quickly, to the sweets! The witches take to the sky.
41) 2) dialog: Quickly! The witches stack their broom bristles with boxes. They speed out the door...
47) 0) text: Forget the set-up, Binx just comes flying out of the shadows and lands square on Winifred's face. He goes to town, attacking like a rabid animal. Winifred reels. Halloweeners spread out and watch! They think it's part of the Haunted House act! Max, Allison and Dani collect the scattering candies. Stuffing them in Dani's candy bag. ‘MAX (to Kids) Gimme all the crows! They're poison! Some of the kids. obey, others scramble off -- fervently suckin’ on the candies. Sarah and Mary grab Dani.
47) 7) dialog: You'll die 8 million times; each the worse than last; little kitty -- with fire blast! Winifred hurls a palm-flame at Binx and sets him afire. Binx SCREECHES! Max grabs dunks him in a "Bobbin'-for- apples" tub -- putting him out. He sizzles.
47) 9) dialog: (sweet as pie) See you all real soon, kids! BR-ZOOM! They're off.
54) 1) dialog: Our time grows short. Hurry, Sister Sarah, sniff them out!
55) 24) dialog: An encouragement, sisters. Our brethren are prepare'd the way for us even as we speak! (meaning the hundreds of moviegoers) And they are defenseless! See, they merely sit and watch!
58) 4) dialog: This is a prison for children.
61) 3) dialog: Dawdling idiots! We must find my book before the sun comes up... (CONTINUED)
61) 10) dialog: 
61) 14) dialog: (furious)
61) 19) dialog: Get him! Binx scats as the witches mount their brooms and go flying after him.
62) 1) dialog: Where did he go? (CONTINUED)
63) 1) dialog: Now we have you! Oops. The voices come from a Walkman. The source of Mary's smellment is a sock from each of the kids.
63) 4) dialog: You_wil] die 8 million wavs, cat You_will rue the day! Wretched Snotlings, woe will you rue the day! Binx swats the "IGNITE!" button. WHOOOOOSH! An ocean of flame fills the kiln.
67) 18) dialog: Well?
67) 20) dialog: (whacking fish head out of her hands) Idiot! But then she sees Love Bite and turns instantly charming.
67) 21) dialog: Hello, puss puss. Love Bite just blinks at her.
67) 22) dialog: Tell me, my pretty, would you like... Winifred puts her hand in her magic sack, and pulls out.. a living mouse.
67) 23) dialog: A nice mouse. She dangles it by its tail in front of Love Bite, who licks her chops. Mary would like to eat it herself. And Sarah eyes it greedily; she'd like to pull its legs off.
67) 24) dialog: Have you seen three children and a black cat? Love Bite MEOWS in the affirmative.
67) 25) dialog: Where did they go? (CONTINUED )
67) 32) dialog: Imbeciles! The children have doubled back! After them! The witches jump on their brooms and fly off. A moment later the kids' fish covered heads peer over the rim of the dumpster.
72) 1) dialog: Find them! Find them!
74) 0) text: ... the witches see across Salem City, a homing beckon! ‘ WINIFRED
79) 1) dialog: gazing out at the full moon. (CONTINUED)
79) 8) dialog: (a whisper) Spirits of the moonlit sky, make them sleep, until they die.
81) 10) dialog: Looking for this?! Sarah comes out behind her with a bewitched Dani by the arm and holding a squirming sack -- Binx is in it.
81) 12) dialog: Been reading I see... How clever. But it will not save your little friends! She whistles. The brooms soar in. The witches whisk off CACKLING damnably.
83) 1) dialog: Get them prepar'd. We're having guests for dinner.
83) 3) dialog: (belts Sarah) The children are coming, idiot! Winifred opens the spellbook, lights the black flame candle and holds out her little sack:
83) 4) dialog: Evil'd things that peck and fly. The hour has come to fill the sky! (CONTINUED )
84) 1) dialog: Little ones, asleep so sweet, I have more for thee to eat. The children lick their lips in their sleep. The crows i : Without waking, the children i leave their rooms.
89) 0) text: Binx is still in the sack, hung off a utensil hook. The witches conjure. The cauldron is once again aboil. Sarah stirs. Winifred consults the spellbook and adds ingredients. Mary takes testing pokes at Jay and Ernie who're suspended in a cage.
94) 1) dialog: 'Tis ready. Winifred ladles up a spoon of the glop and steps toward Dani. Bypasses her and moves toward...
94) 2) dialog: You for dessert. ++. Jay and Ernie. Sticks the ladle in the cage.
94) 3) dialog: Drink.
94) 6) dialog: The light of life. The witches purse their gruesome lips and inhale. Streams of the light course into their mouths. The light and life drains from Jay and Ernie. They age, and age, and age... 90 years each. The witches get younger. (CONTINUED )
94) 11) dialog: It works! I have stolen their life! Their years are mine! Winifred points out the window, where children can be seen sleepwalking toward the house.
94) 12) dialog: Look! The children are coming! We will give them the potion and suck the life from all of them. When the sun comes up, they will all die of old age, but we will live for a thousand years!
94) 13) dialog: The last great spell will come to pass.. And from the mouths of babes shall we leech the life of > eternity.
95) 2) dialog: You have no power, you are just a clever little boy.
95) 9) dialog: Oh ho ho, and what is that, sprout ling?
96) 3) dialog: Let go, apes! That way is west, the sun riseth in the east! The "sunrise" goes out. Winifred floats quickly to the window.
96) 4) dialog: Damn the boy! He has trick'd us once more! After them! The witches take to the sky. Billy rouses and follows.
100) 0) text: Max tears along narrow trails. Winifred tracks him. Max pumps faster. Winifred comes neck and neck -- swings at him with the vacuum hose -- connects -- Max wobbles, rides.on, ducking tree limbs and jumping logs. Then, suddenly... Max peels off, shoots down a ravine. (CONTINUED)
100) 8) dialog: 
100) 9) text: Max hits the dirt hill, races up it and jumps over Winifred! He sails through the air, knocking through the pines. 104.
101) 4) dialog: Boy, give me the book and I will give you everything you desire. Power! Wealth! Women!
101) 7) dialog: Silence, tart! Prepare to die!
101) 9) dialog: -- No, ‘tis true, flesh cannot. Winifred and her sister are huddle. Max snaps a big limb off a tree. Max and Allison, back to back. Winifred consults her cribbed spellbook. Lights the black flame candle. (CONTINUED)
101) 15) dialog: The worms are finished. The maggots done. All that is left, Arise as one! The kids watch the graveyard... skeletons arise.
101) 17) dialog: Bones, fetch my book! The CLATTERING SKELETONS surround the kids. They blitz! Max swings! Connects! A skeleton blasts into 216 pieces. Another reaches for Allison, she swings! Connects! The skull goes flying. Easy! But they keep coming -- reaching, clutching. Binx pounces a skull. The skeleton reels. Falls against a tombstone. Blows into several sections. One arm clutch-crawls toward Dani. She screams. Binx pounces it. Tosses it. The other grabs him by the tail. Swings him around. Max steps on it and 9-irons the fibula. It ghatters. Binx. goes flying. He scrambles back to the ray. Max and Allison blast skeleton after skeleton into shattering rains of bone fragments. 2?! Well, ' i And not always in the right config. Skulls on arm sockets. Hands to necks, pelvises to clavicles... 1 A set of phalanges grabs Binx's throat. He struggles. Dani tries to pry them off. No good. She does the only thing she can think of, she bites the arm. The SKELETON WAILS! . Binx scrambles up a tree. Max reaches back to swing at the skeletons holding Allison. Another skeleton rips his bat away. The skeleton army thoroughly infiltrates the salten circle. One of them grabs Dani and lifts her high above head. Another secures Max.
101) 22) dialog: Who will have the last laugh now, little boy? Go to hell!
101) 23) dialog: Been there. And I_Jike it. Suddenly, a ROAR from the tree tops. Binx attacks Winifred in a flying whorl of gnashing teeth and claws. Winifred howls. She rips Binx off her face. With an inhuman scream, she hurls him to the ground. Binx hits Emily's gravestone and lies still in a broken heap on the ground.
101) 27) dialog: And now you die a hundred thousand horrid deaths at once, ! And I will wallow in each and every one... Winifred takes one step toward Max... somewhere close, a WINDSHIELD "Spiders" into a million tiny fractures. Winifred looks down at her dress, the fabric is turning The affliction runs from her feet up in a rapid crawl. Something sprouts from her back -- she strains her rockening head ‘round to See... (CONTINUED)