3) 7) text: Dano, shouldn't we go back and help your mother?
3) 8) dialog: Blo w me.
3) 12) dialog: Christ, is this tribute to Princess Di Day or what? Kimberly passes a car WEAVING on her right. The driver re the back seat to quiet a BARKING DOG hanging on its head window.
3) 14) text: Jesus, all the crazies are out today. A CLOUD passes Kimberly's head. She smells it and turns a taking her eyes off the road to see Dano smoking a joint. KIMBERLY
3) 15) text: I told you no drugs in the car!    My dad will freak! Dano and Frankie exchange looks, God, what a geek! DANO (laughs)
3) 17) text: Yeah, you should have specified. Kimberly turns to Shaina, helpless. Shaina spins around, wordlessly tell Dano, I know she's a priss, but put it ou Then Kimberly's CELL PHONE RINGS. She hits the speaker bu MR. BURROUGHS (V.O.)
3) 19) text: Hey, Dad. What's up? Dano defiantly blows more smoke toward Kimberly, then bre unexpected coughing fit - looking over to see a HELLS ANG at hi m. The biker's trashy GIRLFRIEND, also laughing, qu HER TITS at Dano over: MR. BURROUGHS (V.O.)
3) 24) text: Um, Kimberly, your dad's not gonna call like every ten minutes is he? Before Kimberly can answer, Dano sees a CHP speeding up b He lowers the joint at once. DANO (hiding bag of weed in pants)
3) 25) text: Shit! There's a cop behind us. Pull into the right lane now! Kimberly, scared, does as she's told nearly colliding wit flat bed semi hauling a huge load of logs ! A HORN BLASTS. The truck swerves. Then speeds by on the r COILED CHAIN drops down to the highway. DANO
3) 29) text: Dano, put that out NOW. Dano takes one last drag and flicks the joint out the win bounces on the windshield of a FORD EXPEDITION to their l
3) 32) text: What the hell?     No,   not you. Kat flicks on her WINDSHIELD WIPER FLUID, successfully pu the joint, but her worn wipers smear ash and fluid around her vision. Kat turns and looks at -- DANO, dead serious all of a sudden. Staring straight ahea DANO
3) 64) text: A Trans Am. That shit went out with New Kids on the Block. DANO
3) 66) text: Who? Frankie leans out and tosses milkshake on Evan's window. DANO
3) 78) text: Dano, shouldn't we stop and help your mother? DANO
3) 82) text: There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die. All of us! I saw it! Dano hums the Twilight Zone theme.
3) 88) text: Dano, shouldn't we stop and help your mother? DANO
3) 90) text: Oh my God, oh my God... Dano, confused, rolls a joint. SHAINA
3) 92) text: There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die, all of us, I saw it! Dano hums the Twilight Zone theme. FRANKIE
3) 97) text: Taking you into an all request weekend with a classic from AC/DC. The opening guitar riff to HIGHWAY TO HELL blares from th Kimberly turns to Shaina with a "believe me know?" look, nowhere near on the same page. HONKING behind them. Kimberly, shaking like a leaf, pulls the SUV forwards, tu sideways to block off all traffic. DANO
3) 98) text: What the hell are you doing? Dano shifts in his seat and sees - a Highway Pat rol Car cruising up the shoulder of the onramp. He shoves a bag o along with the joint, down his pants. DANO
3) 101) text: No!   We'll all die if we do! The cop turns on his FLASHERS. DANO
3) 103) text: Shut up, Dano, just stay cool. (to Kimberly)