3) 4) text: Sorry!   My fault! Shaina looks over, concerned. In the backseat, the guys D FRANKIE laugh hard and some of Frankie's milkshake comes nose. SHAINA
3) 6) text: No, I'm good. Shaina looks at Kimberly as a HAND suddenly hits Kimberly Kimberly spins around, startled. Kimberly stares transfixed at the Old Woman, who stares b chilling intensity. The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking freak." The Old W PLASTIC BAG BREAKS, sending oranges rolling down the on- Woman breaks eye contact with Kimberly as she rushes to r them. The signal turns from red to flashing yellow. Kimberly pulls the SU V onto the highway, looking in the mirror to see the Old Woman look up at her in SLOW-MO. FRANKIE
3) 15) text: I told you no drugs in the car!    My dad will freak! Dano and Frankie exchange looks, God, what a geek! DANO (laughs)
3) 16) text: Calm down, Kimmy.   It's not drugs, just weed. FRANKIE
3) 45) text: I can live with thaaaa -- Kimberly stops mid-sentence when the WHITE VAN in front o suddenly SLAMS ON ITS BRAKES and pulls onto the shoulder reason. Kimberly SCREAMS, swerving around the van just in avoid an accident. Frankie instinctively SHOUTS at the va FRANKIE
3) 65) text: Yeah. Who does he think he is? Knight Rider? FRANKIE (laughs; then)
3) 66) text: Who? Frankie leans out and tosses milkshake on Evan's window. DANO
3) 67) text: You know, Hasselhoff before he did Baywatch. Evan, pissed off, flips off Frankie. The windshield wiper around the thick milky fluid. The sun blinding him. KIMBERLY
3) 77) text: Flight 180. You know, that plane crash with those kids from Mount Abraham. The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking Freak!" Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evi Kimberly's eyes lower to the bag of oranges -- Which BREAKS, exactly like before, and the Old Woman scur them. The signal turns from red to flashing yellow. FRANKIE
3) 83) dialog: That's it. My turn to drive.
3) 87) text: Flight 180. Y'know, that plane crash with those kids from Mt. Abraham? The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of The kids ad-lib "Let's go", "Fucking freak." Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evi Kimberly's eyes lower to the bag of oranges, which breaks like before and the Old Woman scurries after them. The signal turns from red to flashing yellow. FRANKIE
3) 92) text: There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die, all of us, I saw it! Dano hums the Twilight Zone theme. FRANKIE
3) 99) text: Five-O's coming!   Let's fucking roll, man! Officer Thomas Burke stops the car behind them. FRANKIE
3) 113) text: Okay, quit it already. As he laughs, something pains his jaw and he winces. THOM quite sure what kind of insanity he's dealing with yet. D Frankie, no help, stare dead ahead. KIMBERLY (trying to calm herself)