3) 48) text: ...couldn't Keep your dick in check for another month? I knew this would happen when I got pregnant. She pounds the steering wheel, furious. ISABELLA
3) 49) text: What'd the doctor say? I have to come in to test for STDs? Goddamn you, Jorge. A CRATE in the back of her van topples over and CRASHES a of sunflower petals sails out the window. Isabella jumps and, wiping tears from her eyes, rolls up the windows as shower the visor of -- EUGENE, the Harley Rider, who smears the petals (and some bugs) around his visor and drops back.
3) 107) text: Miss, please step out of the vehicle. As she does, Thomas discretely unsnaps his holster. RORY eyes the action. Sneaks a paper bundle into his sock. ISA pregnant woman in the White Van, gets out. She gives Thom friendliest smile, milking the pregnant belly. ISABELLA
3) 108) text: Excuse me, but is there some way we could just drive around? I have a delivery. Her CELL PHONE RINGS and she leans back inside to answer ISABELLA
3) 120) text: I'm not going to tell you to calm down again -- A SERIES OF CRASHES AND EXPLOSIONS ARE HEARD. In the dist neverending. Horrific. Kimberly's face crumbles. She scre horror and collapses against the SUV. Thomas runs to his patrol car. The White Delivery Van makes a J- turn out of the line of SPEEDS down the onramp in reverse, Isabella screaming ang her cell phone. ISABELLA
43) 12) text: Here we go. The vehicle's a delivery van registered to Jorge and Isabella Cruz. And Christ, there's almost a dozen domestic disturbance complaints on these two. CLEAR
44) 4) text: I'm Officer Burke.    I'm looking for an Isabella Cruz. Suddenly, with an unexpected fury, Jorge SCREAMS at his d JORGE
44) 11) text: It's about your wife, Isabella. Now is she here? Jorge's eyes flicker ever -so- involuntarily behind him. JORGE
44) 16) text: We never meant to hurt you Isa...You're not Isabella! Meanwhile, Jorge yells at Thomas. JORGE
44) 20) text: Where's Isabella? Did you finally kill her you fucking wife beater? Jorge flinches. It's time to come clean. JORGE
48) 2) text: Yes, I'd like to report a domestic squabble - my name? Isabella Cruz why, does it matter? I'm at the Super 8 motel. Yes, I own a white van. So what? Just get over here. Isabella hangs up, recoiling at VIOLENT THUMPS against he BACK AND UP TO REVEAL the source of the unsettling SQUEAK rickety, wobbling CEILING FAN.
56) 12) text: A one very pissed off Ms. Isabella Cruz is being detained up in Greenwood. Let's finish this thing.
57) 4) text: Guys, let's not panic.   Isabella's safe.
58) 0) text: Isabella, pissed, is in a holding tank. Small town deputy ADAMS, 30's, CLEANS HIS GUN in her direction. ISABELLA
59) 1) text: Damn, they always stick me with the clunker. ISABELLA
61) 0) text: Deputy Steve speeds the White Van up the narrow winding r Isabella breathes Lamaze- style through intense pain. ISABELLA
61) 1) text: Promise me...I won't have the baby...in this van. Speeding up the incline, Steve tries to speed around a Vo Beetle, but cars scream by in the opposite direction. ISABELLA
65) 16) dialog: Please.   It's not going to wait. STEVE
65) 18) dialog: Do you want to deliver this baby? Steve looks ill, then sees another car stopping by the cr floors it and speaks into the shoulder mic of his cop rad
67) 7) text: We have to contact Isabella now! A NEWS VAN tries to weave through the emergency vehicles closer to teh accident.
68) 3) text: Damn it. We have to call the Greenwood Police Station and warn Isabella. Thomas runs in the direction of some local POLICE. After Rory drifts away from the pack, hand in pocket. Kimberly moves back to Kat, who chain -smokes in the fron Expedition. KIMBERLY
68) 19) text: We gotta go now.   Isabella's in labor. Rescue Workers pull off a large chunk of door. KA-CHUNK! Flinches. KIMBERLY
69) 3) text: No. If anyone dies from a crash now, it'll be me. But I can't die if Eugene and Isabella are still alive. I'm last on Death's list. CLEAR
69) 9) text: Let's pray that Isabella's still alive. The truck speeds into the horizon.
71) 0) text: Typical chatter as the staff preps Isabella. Steve paces the background. STAFF
71) 1) text: ...contractions coming quicker now. Take her pressure and CTG. One centimeter dilation. Prep the epidural stat. Isabella breathes Lamaze style in the hospital bed, her f stirrups. A NURSE rocks Isabella's body back and forth, u back arches almost unnaturally forward. In the BG, an OBSTETRICIAN, 50s, sterilizes his hands in sink. A female ANESTHESIOLOGIST hustles over, swabbing a LONG E NEEDLE. The nurse places a mask over Isabella's face. The Anesthesiologist lowers the needle to the base of Isabell ANESTHESIOLOGIST
72) 1) text: This makes no sense. Isabella was supposed to crash her van into a lake. Could we have altered her destiny when we had her arrested? CLEAR
72) 3) text: Then the only way to survive is to get to the hospital and protect Eugene and Isabella for as long as we can. CLEAR
74) 7) text: I think a nurse named Kalarjian is going to choke Isabella to death!
76) 9) text: Be alive, Isabella, please be alive. Kimberly's eyes widen in fear. Her foot hesitates over th pedal as -- The truck blindly blazes through the busy intersection, m missing every car! The police are just barely able to fishtail into 90 degre avoiding the intersection completely. Kimberly's eyes open and she lets out a victory cry.
82) 1) text: Isabella Cruz.    What room's she in? RECEPTIONIST
86) 2) dialog: What's wrong? IS the baby all right?
89) 0) text: Isabella is pushing again. OBSTETRICIAN
91) 1) text: What are you doing in here?    Get the hell out! Right now! Finally we hear the BABY CRY! The Nurse immediately moves swaddle the newborn. Dr. Kalarjian beams at the very grog Isabella. OBSTETRICIAN
91) 2) text: Isabella, look down and see your son. To the confusion of everyone around them, Kimberly and Th INTO CHEERS! They jump, dance and hug each other. It's a magical moment --
94) 5) text: But it's over. Isabella's baby was the key. You saw her die and everything, right? KIMBERLY
94) 11) text: I'm not sure... I don't think Isabella was ever destined to die in the pile -up. THOMAS