2) 0) text: KIMBERLY BURROUGHS, 19, puts a folded AAA map in her mout the back of a RED NISSAN SUV, and pla ces her duffel bag That done, she lets the map drop from her mouth, catches free hand and turns to hug her father, MR. BURROUGHS.
2) 1) dialog: Thanks, Dad. I'll call you.
2) 3) dialog: Relax, Dad. It's Daytona, not Mongolia.
2) 9) text: Oh, that makes me feel a lot better. Shaina throws her bags in, shuts the back and climbs in t Kimberly hugs her dad, kissing him on the cheek. KIMBERLY
2) 11) text: I know, honey. I just -- Kimberly hugs him tighter. Cutting him off. MR. BURROUGHS
2) 12) text: Your mother would have been so proud of the way you've handled yourself through all of this... KIMBERLY (softly)
2) 14) text: Hello, the guys are waiting! Kimberly gives him a quick kiss, jumps behind the wheel, car and pulls away as Shaina cranks up the stereo. MR. BURROUGHS
2) 15) text: Buckle up! Mr. Burroughs waves as the girls roar off. As he looks do an OIL STAIN left by Kimberly's SUV. As he drags his shoe stain, a SLIGHT BREEZE blows past his face. CAMERA PUSHES IN as a look of concern crosses his face.
3) 3) text: Watch it! Kimberly accidentally KISSES the bumper in front of her w daydreaming. She calls out to the driver in front: KIMBERLY
3) 5) text: Want me to drive? KIMBERLY
3) 6) text: No, I'm good. Shaina looks at Kimberly as a HAND suddenly hits Kimberly Kimberly spins around, startled. Kimberly stares transfixed at the Old Woman, who stares b chilling intensity. The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking freak." The Old W PLASTIC BAG BREAKS, sending oranges rolling down the on- Woman breaks eye contact with Kimberly as she rushes to r them. The signal turns from red to flashing yellow. Kimberly pulls the SU V onto the highway, looking in the mirror to see the Old Woman look up at her in SLOW-MO. FRANKIE
3) 13) dialog: (unnerved)
3) 14) text: Jesus, all the crazies are out today. A CLOUD passes Kimberly's head. She smells it and turns a taking her eyes off the road to see Dano smoking a joint. KIMBERLY
3) 17) text: Yeah, you should have specified. Kimberly turns to Shaina, helpless. Shaina spins around, wordlessly tell Dano, I know she's a priss, but put it ou Then Kimberly's CELL PHONE RINGS. She hits the speaker bu MR. BURROUGHS (V.O.)
3) 18) text: Kimberly? It's Dad. KIMBERLY
3) 19) text: Hey, Dad. What's up? Dano defiantly blows more smoke toward Kimberly, then bre unexpected coughing fit - looking over to see a HELLS ANG at hi m. The biker's trashy GIRLFRIEND, also laughing, qu HER TITS at Dano over: MR. BURROUGHS (V.O.)
3) 20) text: Your car's leaking either transmission or brake fluid. I want you to have it checked ASAP at a gas station. KIMBERLY
3) 22) text: I mean it. Take care of it. KIMBERLY
3) 23) text: I will, Dad. Bye, luv you. Kimberly passes a STATION WAGON on her right, the DRIVER a map while driving. A mattress and some furniture tied t SHIFT as the wagon hits a bump. SHAINA
3) 24) text: Um, Kimberly, your dad's not gonna call like every ten minutes is he? Before Kimberly can answer, Dano sees a CHP speeding up b He lowers the joint at once. DANO (hiding bag of weed in pants)
3) 25) text: Shit! There's a cop behind us. Pull into the right lane now! Kimberly, scared, does as she's told nearly colliding wit flat bed semi hauling a huge load of logs ! A HORN BLASTS. The truck swerves. Then speeds by on the r COILED CHAIN drops down to the highway. DANO
3) 26) text: Look first, idiot! Shaina turns up the radio and leans over to Kimberly. SHAINA
3) 42) text: Relax, dude. But Kimberly still looks uneasy as her dashboard "Check E begins flickering. Kimberly spots a road sign -- Next Service 18 Miles. KIMBERLY
3) 44) text: Get ready to smile, five guys per girl. KIMBERLY
3) 45) text: I can live with thaaaa -- Kimberly stops mid-sentence when the WHITE VAN in front o suddenly SLAMS ON ITS BRAKES and pulls onto the shoulder reason. Kimberly SCREAMS, swerving around the van just in avoid an accident. Frankie instinctively SHOUTS at the va FRANKIE
3) 52) text: Gas it around these idiots. We do have 1200 miles to go, you know. Kimberly tires to enter the passing lane, but she's block SUBURU WAGON. In the front seat, a seven- year old kid is SMASHING two toy cars together. Kimberly passes the Suburu and pulls up to a PACER. The H by, startling her.
3) 67) text: You know, Hasselhoff before he did Baywatch. Evan, pissed off, flips off Frankie. The windshield wiper around the thick milky fluid. The sun blinding him. KIMBERLY
3) 69) text: How does a nice mature fuck sound? Kimberly laughs, then leans in close to Shaina. KIMBERLY
3) 77) text: Flight 180. You know, that plane crash with those kids from Mount Abraham. The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking Freak!" Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evi Kimberly's eyes lower to the bag of oranges -- Which BREAKS, exactly like before, and the Old Woman scur them. The signal turns from red to flashing yellow. FRANKIE
3) 79) text: Blow me. Yellow means go, Kimberly. Kimberly hyperventilates in the driver's seat. Freaking. mini- bus with football players speeds past.
3) 80) dialog: Oh my god, oh my god... Dano, confused, rolls a joint. SHAINA
3) 81) text: What is it? What are you? KIMBERLY
3) 87) text: Flight 180. Y'know, that plane crash with those kids from Mt. Abraham? The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of The kids ad-lib "Let's go", "Fucking freak." Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evi Kimberly's eyes lower to the bag of oranges, which breaks like before and the Old Woman scurries after them. The signal turns from red to flashing yellow. FRANKIE
3) 89) text: Blow me.    Yellow means go, Kimmy. Kimberly hyperventilates in the driver's seat. Freaking. mini- bus with football players speeds by. KIMBERLY
3) 91) text: What is it? What are you? KIMBERLY
3) 94) text: Relax, you need to chill the fuck out. KIMBERLY
3) 97) text: Taking you into an all request weekend with a classic from AC/DC. The opening guitar riff to HIGHWAY TO HELL blares from th Kimberly turns to Shaina with a "believe me know?" look, nowhere near on the same page. HONKING behind them. Kimberly, shaking like a leaf, pulls the SUV forwards, tu sideways to block off all traffic. DANO
3) 100) text: Jesus Christ! Here he comes! Move! KIMBERLY
3) 103) text: Shut up, Dano, just stay cool. (to Kimberly)
3) 105) text: What's going on here? KIMBERLY (incoherent, through tears)
3) 113) text: Okay, quit it already. As he laughs, something pains his jaw and he winces. THOM quite sure what kind of insanity he's dealing with yet. D Frankie, no help, stare dead ahead. KIMBERLY (trying to calm herself)
3) 114) text: The radio played the same songs, the old lady's bag broke the exact same way it did in my premonition. Kimberly erupts into a panic when she sees the LOG TRUCK She grabs at Thomas for emphasis. KIMBERLY
3) 116) text: Alright miss, calm down. I just need this lane open. I need you to pull your vehicle onto the shoulder! KIMBERLY
3) 118) text: Arrest this whack-job, wouldja? Some of us have lives, y'know. Kimberly looks to Shaina for support, but even Shaina can eyes. KIMBERLY
3) 120) text: I'm not going to tell you to calm down again -- A SERIES OF CRASHES AND EXPLOSIONS ARE HEARD. In the dist neverending. Horrific. Kimberly's face crumbles. She scre horror and collapses against the SUV. Thomas runs to his patrol car. The White Delivery Van makes a J- turn out of the line of SPEEDS down the onramp in reverse, Isabella screaming ang her cell phone. ISABELLA
6) 3) text: Those poor people. To think it would've been us if not for... PAN OVER TO REVEAL KIMBERLY. She's still in shock, her mi Thomas sits close to her, speaking softly. THOMAS
6) 4) text: Tell me again how it started. KIMBERLY
6) 6) text: Do you remember what triggered it all? KIMBERLY
6) 8) text: You knew? You just mean a hunch, right? A bad vibe, maybe? The other drivers stare at Kimberly. KIMBERLY
6) 12) text: Hey, don't be knockin' the Chevette. But the others listen intently now. Especially Kat, who s headset buried deep in her purse. KIMBERLY
6) 14) text: Like what? Kimberly sighs and looks down. The room becomes eerily si for the FLICKER of a florescent light. KIMBERLY
6) 16) text: You mean Alex Browning. KIMBERLY (looking down)
6) 22) text: Well, not quite all of them. Clear Rivers checked herself into a padded room at Stoneybrook. Kimberly, affected, looks to Thomas for confirmation. KIMBERLY
7) 6) text: I thought we we re finished with this bullshit. This is police work, not the psychic Hot Line. But Thomas isn't listening. He's glued to Kimberly's word Detective Suby realizes this, he stops and listens. KIMBER LY
8) 0) text: Kimberly, Nora, Tim, Kat, Eugene and Rory now seem affect they've heard. KAT
8) 6) text: What's wrong with you people? Nora pulls a reluctant Tim out of the room. As she opens the others watch Detective Suby and Thomas appear from no calm her down . When the door swings shut, an awkward sil Suddenly, the door opens again and Thomas leads Mr. Burro Mr. Burroughs sees Kimberly and chokes back tears. MR. BURROUGHS
8) 7) text: Kimberly... The sight of her fath er crying is enough to make Kimberl burst. She rushes over to him and buries her head in his sobbing. MR. BURROUGHS
9) 0) text: Kimberly sits at the table. Mr. Burroughs sets down a cup before her. Both are shaken. KIMBERLY
9) 2) text: What feeling? KIMBERLY
16) 2) text: My Lord... A GASP from behind him. Mr. Burroughs spins to see Kimber back tears and picks up the remote, prepared to click of but she stops him. KIMBERLY
17) 3) text: Of Kimberly, Nora, Tim, Eugene and Kat watching. They all news very hard as the FOOTAGE shows Evan's BODY being car EMT workers. Eugene, however, shakes his head sadly but g grading blue books.
19) 0) text: Mr. Burroughs tucks a still-shaken Kimberly into bed. In hands is a nearly empty glass of scotch. KIMBERLY
19) 2) text: I'm sorry. I'm just so happy that you're safe. KIMBERLY
19) 4) text: You know, after your mother died... Kimberly tenses, bracing for the worst. MR. BURROUGHS
19) 5) text: There were so many times I didn't think I could last another day. I can't even tell you some of the things I th ought about. KIMBERLY
20) 0) text: The room is dark except for one burning candle. Kimberly turns. The wind sends a single branch scraping against he porch swing SQUEAKS back and forth. Adding to her anxiety A BREEZE ENTERS, sputtering out the candle. Kimberly sits bed and sees the WINDOW IS SHUT. Huh? She lights a match candle wax dripped onto her table, forming the gooey shap a...180? The match goes out in her hand. The room is dark Headlights fr om passing cars cast eerie shadows on her c Shadows resembling PLANES seem to transform into a SKULL. Kimberly, freaked out, looks around to see the blinking l the VCR: it flashes 18:0 a few times, then 12:00. She can't take it anymore. She yanks the VCR cord from th flicks on the lights, ridding the room of shadows. And an turns on her computer.
21) 0) text: Kimberly drives a beat up Hyundai through an eerie mornin surrounds the grounds of the Stoneybrook Hospital.
21) 1) text: A computer printout in the shotgun seat: MAPQUEST directi "Stoneybrook Hospital". As Kimberly drives through the gate, the mist almost seem her inside. A SIGN offers a choice between "Emergency/Medica l Care" "Psychiatric Treatment Center." Kimberly drives to the me
22) 0) text: A PHYSICIAN in a lab coat leads a nervous Kimberly down t a long corridor. The Physician consults a clipboard. PHYSICIAN
22) 1) text: ...at the request of the patient, you are to relinquish any sharp objects such as nail files, pencils, pens, safety pins, bobby pins, no matches, lighters, belts, belt buckles, earrings, chokers, shoelaces... Kimberly watches carefully as the Physician comes to a do punches "4514" into the electronic lock. They continue do corridor. Lights flicker,patients cackle and moan in the B.G. PHYSICIAN
22) 2) text: ...paper clips, watches, food, drinks, keys, poisons, pills and medications. (looks at Kimberly)
22) 3) text: You have a cell phone on you? Kimberly nods, hands it over. PHYSICIAN
22) 4) text: Then I think we're all done. They arrive at a door to a padded room. The Physician pun another code. KIMBERLY
22) 6) text: No honey, but she expects you are. KIMBERLY
23) 2) text: Clear Rivers? Clear looks Kimberly up and down and steps back, allowing her inner sanctum. A mattress on the floor, a plastic bot water, some paperbacks and a bedpan. Kimberly's jaw drops when she sees the far wall: a SHRINE 180. The wall is papered with art icles about all the sur seen in the opening title montage). The door SLAMS. Kimberly jumps. CLEAR
23) 3) text: Kimberly Burroughs, eh?    What do you want? KIMBERLY
23) 5) text: Yeah, how? KIMBERLY
23) 7) text: Nice work. Maybe if you're real lucky, you'll wind up in here with me. (gives Kimberly the once over)
23) 8) text: But I doubt you'll survive that long. Kimberly flinches. KIMBERLY
23) 10) text: Well, if you put them on the list, they're already tits up. KIMBERLY
23) 12) text: Death's list. The precise order you're going to die in. Clear's eyes bore into a terrified Kimberly's. CLEAR
23) 13) text: The survivors of Flight 180 died in the exact order they were originally meant to die in the plane crash. That was Death's original design. KIMBERLY (sudden realization)
23) 14) text: Exact order? Then I'm next! I was meant to die with my friends, so I'm next! Clear backs away from Kimberly as if she were lethal, the short. CLEAR
23) 15) text: But you said someone else died last night. That means Death skipped past you. Someone must have intervened. (off Kimberly's confusion)
23) 16) text: Sometime yesterday you must have nearly died, but someone saved you. Kimberly nods, recalling the events. KIMBERLY
23) 18) text: Congratufuckinglations. That makes you last to go. But don't worry, once the others are dead, it'll come back for you. Always does. KIMBERLY
23) 20) text: It's moving backwards?    Are you sure? Kimberly reluctantly strains to remember something...
23) 24) text: Yes. In my premonition that Nora woman and her kid died first, then Evan and then...my friends. Clear is oblivious when Kimberly breaks into silent sobs. CLEAR
23) 25) text: Backwards...that's new. Clear sees Kimberly crying and softens. CLEAR
23) 26) text: That's good. Get all your tears out now, you'll need your eyes. (off Kimberly's confusion)
23) 27) text: For the signs. KIMBERLY
23) 29) text: If you have the same power as Alex, you'll be seeing signs soon. When you see anything creepy or ominous, an in-your- face irony kinda thing? Don't ignore it. It usually means the difference between life and death. KIMBERLY (to herself)
23) 32) text: That's what Alex used to ask himself right up until... For an instant, we see a gentle side of Clear. KIMBERLY
23) 34) text: I didn't beat it; I hid from it. If you were smart you'd put a down payment on a burial plot and say goodbye to the dog, because what little life you have left is over as you know it. Don't make new friends, don't fall in love, and don't ever bother trying to save others. That's the worst killer of them all. KIMBERLY
23) 36) text: My family is dead.   My friends are dead. And Alex... Clear angrily peels a Polaroid off the wall and shows it While we don't see the photo, Kimberly's horrified face p gruesome picture on its own. CLEAR
23) 37) text: And yes, that's the blade of a fucking ceiling fan in his head. Clear pounds on the door, apparently done with Kimberly. opens the door. Kimberly, devastated, turns to leave, the her courage and turns back to Clear. KIMBERLY
23) 38) text: Know what? I think you're a coward. I think you hide out in here because you're too damn bitter and selfish to care about another living soul. In my opinion, you're already dead. Kimberly leaves, giving Clear something to think about.
24) 0) text: As Kimberly pulls into her driveway, she's surprised to s CAR parked there. Then -- THOMAS, wearing street clothes, peers through the front w house. He guiltily backs away as Kimberly gets out. THOMAS
24) 1) text: I tried calling last night but your father -- KIMBERLY
24) 3) text: I know. I've gotten calls all morning from everyone who was on the onramp. We're all meeting at my apartment tonight. KIMBERLY
24) 5) text: I didn't. Until I was dispatched to clean up one of the Flight 180 survivors. KIMBERLY
24) 6) text: Clean up? I don't... Suddenly through the reflection of the window glass, Kimb hundreds of pigeons dive bomb her at once! Like a scene out of THE BIRDS, Kimberly must duck and cov pigeons assault her from every angle. But when Kimberly turns away from the reflection, toward pigeons, THEY'RE GONE. ALL IN HER HEAD. KI MBERLY
24) 7) text: Did you see that?? Thomas, concerned for her, saw nothing. KIMBERLY
24) 9) text: I'm not following you -- KIMBERLY
28) 0) text: Thomas drives his car into a friendly neighborhood. Kimbe shotgun, hangs up her cell phone. KIMBERLY
34) 0) text: Emergency vehicles everywhere. Thomas seems exhausted as back to Kimberly, who stands by his car. In the BG, EMTs stretcher into an ambulance. THOMAS (shaking his head)
34) 1) text: Nora's not coming. She refuses to leave her son. KIMBERLY
35) 0) text: Thomas' car turns into the driveway and parks. Kimberly h hand and watches it tremble. KIMBERLY
35) 1) text: It's happening again.   It's fucking happening again. I hoped we'd get there and they'd be okay, that Clear Rivers was full of shit and Evan's death was just a freak accident... Thomas kills the engine to listen. KIMBERLY
35) 3) text: I am too. But you can use that fear. It'll sharpen your instincts. Keep you alert fro signs. It's the only way you'll be able to sav e the others...and me. Kimberly, seeming overwhelmed, pulls her hand back. Thoma he's losing her, and softens her approach. THOMAS
35) 4) text: I know you didn't ask for any of this, Kimberly. But I don't think you have it in you to quit either. Kimberly stares straight ahead, the weight of the world s BANG! A startling pound on the roof of Thomas' car. Kimberly jumps, then spins around to see: CLEAR RIVERS - standing in the driveway. A determined, po presence. Kimberly exits the car. A MOMENT where Kimberly stare each other down. KIMBERLY
35) 5) text: Clear/Thomas. Thomas/Clear. Clear nods absently to Thomas, still focused on Kimberly. KIMBERLY (bitter)
36) 0) text: Thomas' car pulls into a partially filled parking lot. Ki Thomas and Clear file out and head to the door. KIMBERLY
37) 0) text: Kimberly, Thomas and Clear open the large wooden doors in chapel, creat ing a loud CREAK. A corpse in an open caske front of the chapel, post -wake. Kimberly, Thomas and Clear are forced to walk around the get to a side door.
39) 1) text: Hello, Clear. I've been keeping an eye out for you. The mortician rolls a metal gurney carrying EVAN'S EYELES toward the firing oven. Kimberly and Thomas are scared. KIMBERLY
39) 3) text: Come to... Pick my brain? The Mortician slides a gleaming set of medical pliers int mouth. And YANKS out a gold tooth. Kimberly recoils as he the bloody tooth on a metal tray. MORTICIAN (to Kimberly)
39) 7) text: How do you cheat Death once and for all? The Mortician, recrossing the room, passes Kimberly and s to sniff, no INHALE, a terrified Kimberly's essence. MORTICIAN
39) 8) text: Dead.   But still fresh. Kimberly shudders as the Mortician moves back to Evan's b has had about enough. CLEAR (to the Mortician)
39) 11) text: Bullshit. You told me Death has a distinct design, a blueprint, unalterable. But Alex and I cheated Death not once, but dozens of times. If the design is flawed, it can be beaten. A sick smile crosses the Mortician's lips. He yanks the n OFF! Kimberly looks on both horrified and awed when Clear flinch back from the pliers, where a bloody nub dangles. MORTICIAN
39) 16) text: The list of life is forever set by the Divine Plan, the guiding hand that plots the course of the universe, down to its tiniest element s. Thomas looks to Clear; what's he talking about? The Morti on Kimberly as if the others had ceased to exist. MORTICIAN
39) 17) text: The list accounts for every life; from the dawn of man to the great apocalypse. But the introduction of life that was not meant to be, a soul forbidden to roam the earth, that could invalidate Death's list, shatter its very existence. Evan's other eye POPS , startling Thomas and Kimberly. THOMAS
39) 19) text: To figure that out you'll have to follow the sign s. The Mortician grabs Kimberly. MORTICIAN
39) 20) text: But be warned. To disrupt the grand design is to unravel the tapestry of the universe. When you pull all the threads apart, you may find yourself hanging from them. The Mortician finally lets Kimberly go. CLEAR
40) 3) text: New life defeats death? Follow the signs? Where the hell did you find that guy? KIMBERLY
40) 8) text: I'm thinkin', suck my junk, bee yatch. Thomas chuckles to himself and looks at Kimberly who --
42) 1) dialog: Comes to Thomas' arms - GASPING uncontrollably for breath stricken. She begins hyperventilating. THOMAS
42) 2) text: What is it? What did you see? It's so bad, Kimberly can't speak. She coughs and gags as drowned. Clear scans the perimeter for immediate dangers.
42) 5) text: You have to tell us now. KIMBERLY
42) 7) text: You're strong. Do you hear me? You're a fucking warrior. Nothing scares you. In fact you happen to be the single most powerful woman on earth. Now what did you see? The words slowly take affect. Kimberly becomes centered, breath back, and speaks without a hitch. KIMBERLY
42) 9) text: You were there? KIMBERLY
42) 14) text: If she gives birth to a baby that was never meant to be born, a brand new soul that was never part of Death's Design... KIMBERLY
42) 17) text: Please, what else could it mean? KIMBERLY (to Thomas)
42) 20) text: Shit, I don't have her number. She was never interviewed. She took off right after the accident. KIMBERLY
43) 0) text: Thomas works a VCR, scanning BACKWARDS through the video the patrol car camera. We see the SUV's explosive collisi jack- knifed semi. Kimberly is taken by surprise by the s crash. KIMBERLY
43) 1) text: Oh God... Thomas sees Kimberly and quickly flicks off the monitor. THOMAS
43) 2) text: I, uh...sorry. Kimberly notices Clear watching her and toughens up. She the tears and qui ckly wipes the rest away. KIMBERLY
43) 3) text: I know, I know. We need my eyes. Clear sits beside Kimberly. CLEAR
43) 4) text: It's all right.    I'll take watch. Kimberly looks grateful, and a moment passes between them already buried the need to cry. KIMBERLY
44) 1) text: Let's lay this on her gently now. The stress alone could upset the pregnancy. Kimberly nods, ever creeping closer to the front door -- AUTOMATIC LIGHTS FLASH from over the garage. All three freeze for a moment, during which we hear STOMP from within the house, and the lights SHUT OFF. But nothing else happens. No one comes to a door. Thomas as if suddenly remembering his status, he walks fearlessl purposefully to the front door. He makes a fist, is about to knock - when the DOOR FLINGS ROTTWEILER LUNGES for his throat - only to have its colla the last second by its owner - JORGE CRUZ, late 30's, handsome, cocky. He speaks above R
44) 5) text: Shut up!!! The Rottweiler cowers, and Jorge shoves it to the floor, lands on its feet and fearfully trots away. Jorge's face again pleasant, but it's a thin veneer. Jorge sees Clear and Kimberly behind Thomas and frowns. THOMAS
44) 17) text: I'm going to sue your ass! KIMBERLY
44) 19) text: Mine, you idiot. The dog went nuts this afternoon. Now arrest her! KIMBERLY
47) 10) text: Think what would have happened if Kimberly had been able to warn you with the word pigeons... Nora's head falls. Kimberly senses her anguish and takes KIMBERLY
47) 16) text: What about the rest of you? Kimberly, you were driving to Daytona. Was Route 18 your first choice? KIMBERLY
47) 27) text: The best way to get to Yankee Stadium is Route 18. KIMBERLY
47) 29) text: Whoa, nine months? KIMBERLY
49) 0) text: Kimberly whispers into the phone. KIMBERLY
49) 2) text: Remember everyone, just because Kimberly's got the power doesn't mean we're not all capable of seeing signs to some extent. The pens softly tap the phone book one by one until it la over and PLOPS HEAVILY onto a GOOSE-DOWN THROW PILLOW. Small feathers from the pillow are carried upwards by the Everyone in the room watches them rise. RORY
49) 5) text: If Death has got such a hard-on for you, maybe you should get the hell away from us. KIMBERLY
49) 6) text: We need her. She's the only one who's dealt with this before, idiot! Kimberly looks self-conscious by her outburst. Clear, how grateful. CLEAR
49) 12) text: So? Nora's gotta bite it before me anyway, right? Kat steps towards the front door, then remembers the cell grabs it just in case. Thomas smiles 'good job' at her. Kimberly, unscrewing the light bulb, looks up when Nora r the couch in a stupor and struggles to put on her jacket. looks concerned. KIMBERLY
49) 14) text: Four years ago my husband died. Now Tim. There's nothing left for me. Kimberly stops pouring liquor down the drain. KIMBERLY
49) 16) text: If it's my time to go, to be in heaven with my family, then I can accept that. KIMBERLY
49) 19) text: Yeah, why am I listening to a girl who just got out of the nut house? As Eugene heads out, Kimberly becomes enraged and grabs h KIMBERLY
51) 2) text: I kinda see it, yeah. So...Nora's going to be killed by a man with hooks? Kimberly and Clear stare at the volleyball trophy - the s ominously FLICKERS OUT AND DIES. Everyone looks around for a hesitant beat, then Thomas pi cell phone. Clear first walks, then RUNS out the door.
55) 0) text: Eugene suddenly bursts through the door, babbling incoher Kimberly, Thomas and Rory look on, bewildered. EUGENE
55) 4) text: Just take it easy! A twisted insane smile comes to Eugene's face as he jams gunbarrel to his temple. The others shrink back in terror He PULLS THE TRIGGER. CLICK! Eugene tries again. CLICK! Thomas looks stunned as Eugene goes through every round, CLICK CLICK CLICK CLI CK... Kimberly breaths a sigh of relief. KIMBERLY
56) 4) text: Can I ask you a question? KIMBERLY
56) 6) text: When I die. Is it gonna hurt? KIMBERLY
56) 8) text: And you're gonna die after me, right? KIMBERLY
56) 11) text: Could you throw all my drugs out? Paraphernalia, porno, you know... Anything that would break my mom's heart. Kimberly looks deeply into his eyes, looking for the punc she doesn't see one, she nods tenderly and takes the keys The PHONE RINGS. Rory jumps at the sound, paranoid eyes i Thomas answers, speaks softly, hangs up. THOMAS
57) 5) dialog: How do you know? THOMAS
60) 16) text: Who? KIMBERLY
64) 5) text: What about you, Kimberly?   Did you anyone from Flight- ? Clear stops when she sees all the color has drained from face. Even Eugene looks concerned. EUGENE
64) 6) text: Are you okay? The car becomes completely silent (except for the slight Kimberly prepares to tell her story. KIMBERLY
64) 8) dialog: It felt wrong. And yet... (continuing)
64) 10) text: Some kids tried to jack her car. She fought them off - she was a fighter - and they killed her. Kimberly looks to Clear. KIMBERLY
64) 11) text: After the funeral I had this overwhelming feeling that it should have been me. I figured that's how everyone must feel. But I guess I was right. Thomas reaches between the seats and takes Kimberly's han looks into her eyes, Kat takes her own eyes off the road cigarette.
66) 3) text: Stop it, don't move him! KIMBERLY
66) 7) text: Watch it, dude! That SNAPS Brian back to reality. Sounds become normal ag collects himself and SNIFFS the air. He then drops to gro looking under the Expedition for something. KIMBERLY
67) 3) text: Sorry.   There's no room. Again, she's shoved away and steps back, helpless. Thomas and Kimberly stand by Kat, still trapped in the SU THOMAS
68) 0) text: Thomas, Kimberly, Clear and Rory watch the JAWS OF LIFE b onto Kat's door. THOMAS
68) 3) text: Damn it. We have to call the Greenwood Police Station and warn Isabella. Thomas runs in the direction of some local POLICE. After Rory drifts away from the pack, hand in pocket. Kimberly moves back to Kat, who chain -smokes in the fron Expedition. KIMBERLY
68) 18) dialog: Looks confused to watch Rory climb between the fence wire the Dead Oak Tree into the field. Thomas runs down the hi Kimberly. THOMAS
68) 19) text: We gotta go now.   Isabella's in labor. Rescue Workers pull off a large chunk of door. KA-CHUNK! Flinches. KIMBERLY
68) 24) dialog: Is put on alert by a fresh BREEZE. Her attention is caugh WINDOW of an emergency vehicle. IN THE REFLECTION, Kimber man sitting on the Expedition, but when she spins ar ound one there. KA-CHUNG! The door comes off the Expedition, finally free Everyone applauds! KIMBERLY
68) 28) text: I didn't mean to do it - I didn't know. Kimberly numbly stares at the fallen branch, the one that Thomas to step out of the path of the flying fence. KIMBERLY (to herself)
68) 29) text: It wasn't his turn.   And it's not my turn. Kimberly sees the corpses of Kat and Rory, buries the pai approaches Mr. Gibbons. KIMBERLY
68) 31) text: Anything you want. Anything.      I wish I knew. I didn't... Mr. Gibbons hands Kimberly the keys.
69) 0) text: Kimberly drives Thomas and Clear in the Gibbons' truck. A THOMAS (buckling up)
69) 1) text: Hurry up. There's no time.   She's about to give birth. Kimberly unbuckles her seatbelt and floors it. CLEAR
69) 2) text: What are you doing?     You're going to kill us! KIMBERLY
69) 4) text: Are you crazy? What makes you think you'd survive? KIMBERLY
69) 6) text: Six duds in a row. KIMBERLY
69) 8) text: That branch fell and saved my life. You're right, Death's maintaining the order. KIMBERLY
72) 0) text: Kimberly speeds the truck down some dangerously twisty ro from wet leaves. KIMBERLY
72) 5) text: Um, Kimberly? This is a neighborhood. You may wanna slow it down. KIMBERLY
72) 7) text: I wasn't worried about us. Suddenly, Kimberly clutches her throat!
73) 3) text: Kimberly! Slow down!
74) 0) text: Kimberly "comes to" at the wheel -- FLAILING DESPERATELY steering wheel. She even claws at Thomas who tries to con neglected steering wheel. CLEAR
74) 1) text: Slow down! We're... Kimberly looks up as the truck comes around a blind curve are backed up at a stop sign. Kimberly screams and SLAMS brakes. The truck SKIDS on wet leaves, completely out of control, LANDSCAPING TRUCK parked on the shoulder. Kimberly's truck hits the loading ramps and launches itse feet into the air, DUKES OF HAZZARD-style. And lands miraculously without a scratch! On a parallel r keeps going. Dumb, insane fucking luck. Kimberly shakes off her premonition and looks out the rea She turns around with a cocky smile. She rubs her throat and FLOORS IT again to Thomas' horror determined. CLEAR (eyes darting)
74) 2) text: What did you see? What am I looking for? KIMBERLY
74) 4) text: Another premonition? KIMBERLY
74) 6) text: Kalarjian? KIMBERLY
76) 0) text: The pick up truck races to the hospital. As Kimberly spee billboard, a POLICE CAR pulls in hot pursuit. KIMBERLY
76) 2) text: No time. Keep going. I wouldn't know how to explain any of this anyway. At the next intersection, TWO MORE COP CARS APPEAR. KIMBERLY
76) 3) text: Oh come on. The pick up truck blows by the second pair of cop cars, w instantly join the high speed chase. Kimberly takes a lon the rearview mirror at the TAILGATING COPS. She then insp road ahead.
76) 6) text: Speed up. KIMBERLY
76) 8) text: No offense. Kimberly SPEEDS toward the intersection. She pulls her se aside, making sure it offers ZERO protection. Thomas jump backseat, buckles up... CLEAR
76) 9) text: Be alive, Isabella, please be alive. Kimberly's eyes widen in fear. Her foot hesitates over th pedal as -- The truck blindly blazes through the busy intersection, m missing every car! The police are just barely able to fishtail into 90 degre avoiding the intersection completely. Kimberly's eyes open and she lets out a victory cry.
79) 0) text: Kimberly seems to have ditched the cops. She speeds the p through the medical facility.
82) 0) text: Clear, Kimberly and Thomas dash toward the main desk. CLEAR
82) 4) text: I'll have to see your ID, Ms. Cruz. Clear vaults over the counter, straight-arms the Receptio seizes the computer. Thomas and Kimberly look on, stunned CLEAR
82) 5) text: Delivery rooms are downstairs. I'll find Eugene and catch up with you. Kimberly and Thomas hurry to the elevator banks...then re enter the stairwell.
84) 0) text: Outside the door, you can't hear a thing in the bustling people rush by. Kimberly and Thomas rush past his door, l
91) 0) text: The Nurse is startled when Kimberly and Thomas BURST THRO door. In the BG, a puzzled Steve peeks inside until Kimbe the door closed. NURSE
91) 2) text: Isabella, look down and see your son. To the confusion of everyone around them, Kimberly and Th INTO CHEERS! They jump, dance and hug each other. It's a magical moment --
93) 0) text: Relaxed and invigorated, Kimberly and Thomas giddily exit delivery room as Clear runs up to them. CLEAR
93) 3) text: She had the baby? KIMBERLY
93) 4) text: New life defeats death. We've done it. Death has to rewrite the list. We're safe. Steve watches, confused, as Clear whoops with delight and others. Clear laughs with a relief that seems completely foreign Kimberly laughs with her, then is suddenly rocked by a vi
93) 7) text: Kimberly! Are you okay?!
94) 0) text: Kimberly, on the ground, looks frazzled as she SNAPS out trance. Thomas helps her to her feet. THOMAS
94) 1) text: Are you okay? You just face planted! KIMBERLY
94) 2) text: I know how it feels to be dead. Her lips blue, Kimberly shivers uncontrollably. Clear see SECURITY GUARDS round a distant corner and quickly walks toward an EMERGENCY LOADING ZONE. CLEAR
94) 3) text: What did you see? KIMBERLY
94) 5) text: But it's over. Isabella's baby was the key. You saw her die and everything, right? KIMBERLY
94) 7) text: Impossible. She was on the onramp. Kimberly reluctantly closes her eyes and remembers.
94) 13) text: Can you remember anything about it? Kimberly shuts her eyes, remembering:
95) 4) text: It's you Kimberly. The premonitions are about you. Kimberly trembles, refusing to accept what she's hearing. KIMBERLY
95) 6) text: I have to save Eugene! Clear leaves Kimberly and Thomas together. Kimberly verge and Thomas consoles her with a hug.
95) 12) text: Make way, make way lovebirds. Kimberly spins as Eugene's Orderly passes her; a paper, p crossword book in one hand, A BIRTHDAY CAKE in the other. The CAKE reads "Happy Birthday Gregory". The THIRTEEN SPA CANDLES on top ODDLY FRAME Clear's head.
95) 13) dialog: Oh no... The Orderly speeds down the corridor toward Clear, whose for Eugene's door handle. She leans into it -- ORDERLY (to Clear)
95) 21) text: What? Just then, an AMBULANCE SKIDS up to the nearest entrance. jump out and run towards the blast site. KIMBERLY
95) 23) text: That's crazy. You can't give up now. We can still fight this thing. But Kimberly isn't listening. She stares through the glas the --
95) 25) text: I have to do this. Kimberly wipes tears from her eyes, kisses Thomas' cheek, and runs before he can speak.
96) 0) text: Kimberly heads right for the open ambulance. The driver's seems to swing open for her as she gets in.
98) 0) text: Kimberly shifts into gear and speeds off. Thomas squeezes doors and runs after her. An EMT, the driver of the stole rushes outside. EMT
100) 2) text: Ready and...CLEAR! The SHOCK of defribulator paddles brings Kimberly back to
100) 3) text: Looking up at Dr. Kalarjian, all she can see is part of a face and a partial nametage reading "Kalarjian". It would appear as if she's choking Kimberly, but -- An EEG MONITOR turns from a flatline to a steady heartbea POV as the premonition. NURSE
100) 7) text: Kimberly?! He turns to see Kimberly reaching out for him. Immeasurab he takes her hand and allows himself to be eased back dow platform. Kimberly's eyes fill with tears. KIMBERLY (whispering)
101) 5) text: So what's the deal, Thomas? Three months and you still haven't asked my daughter out on a date. Kimberly turns red as Mr. Burroughs appears and takes a s THOMAS
101) 7) text: Platonic my ass. That's for ugly women. KIMBERLY
101) 14) text: You know, I'm having the greatest day? KIMBERLY
101) 16) text: Our...pleasure. So, ready for the back-to -school season? NYU, right? KIMBERLY
101) 23) text: Sure, here. Mr. Gibbons hands it over and Brian saunters away from ca SLIGHTLY OUT OF FOCUS, toward the barbecue, his body fram Kimberly and Thomas' heads. KIMBERLY
101) 25) text: Sure does. Owes it to that friend of yours, in a way. Mr. Gibbons immediately regrets having said that. KIMBERLY
101) 27) text: Well, Brian was nearly hit by an ambulance the day...but your friend Rory pulled him back at the last second. Kimberly and Thomas ominously turn their heads around. In Brian fidgets in front of the barbecue. MRS. GIBBONS