3) 55) text: Damn, it really hurts, Mom. NORA
3) 112) text: Who am I, David Blane? Nora gives Tim a hard stare, then they both break into sm tousles his hair. And doesn't stop. TIM (good-natured laughter)
6) 0) text: Kat, Eugene, Nora, Tim, and Rory sit in a large room, wai statements. Unlike Evan, these witnesses are clearly dist KAT
6) 2) text: If I don't get back to my classroom soon, the kids'll tear the room apart. NORA
6) 17) text: ...My Premonition was just like his. NORA
6) 19) text: Oh, you must have read about that kid who had a dream about a plane crash so he got his buddies off the plane? Then the thing blew up just like in the dream? NORA
6) 20) text: Maybe... Eugene sees Nora and Tim are hooked and speaks in scary c tones. EUGENE
8) 0) text: Kimberly, Nora, Tim, Kat, Eugene and Rory now seem affect they've heard. KAT
8) 1) text: What if it's true? What if it's happening all over again? The fluorescent light above FLICKERS ominously. Nora, dis stands up in a huff, grabbing Tim's arm. NORA
8) 5) text: Yeah, you're acting like we all just got the Diff'rent Strokes curse or something. Eugene and Rory burst out laughin g. Nora shakes her head NORA
8) 6) text: What's wrong with you people? Nora pulls a reluctant Tim out of the room. As she opens the others watch Detective Suby and Thomas appear from no calm her down . When the door swings shut, an awkward sil Suddenly, the door opens again and Thomas leads Mr. Burro Mr. Burroughs sees Kimberly and chokes back tears. MR. BURROUGHS
14) 0) text: Nora and Tim watch the same report. ANCHOR MAN (V.O.)
17) 3) text: Of Kimberly, Nora, Tim, Eugene and Kat watching. They all news very hard as the FOOTAGE shows Evan's BODY being car EMT workers. Eugene, however, shakes his head sadly but g grading blue books.
17) 6) text: Mom? NORA
17) 8) text: You think... You think those guys were b.s.-ing us today or what? Nora swallows, trying to seem brave. NORA
17) 9) text: Oh, please. Some people just need some serious rewiring, that's all. But neither of them are convinced. NORA
17) 10) text: Get some sleep. Nora kisses his forehead and leaves the room. After she l opens his nightstand drawer, pulls out a dusty nightlight it in.
18) 0) text: Nora closes her bedroom door. And locks it. She nervously closet and even lowers the blinds. Finally, she takes out card and dials a number. She hangs up, then dials again. NORA
23) 24) text: Yes. In my premonition that Nora woman and her kid died first, then Evan and then...my friends. Clear is oblivious when Kimberly breaks into silent sobs. CLEAR
24) 8) text: Pigeons... It's a sign! If Clear's right about the order, then Nora and Tim are going to be attacke d by Pigeons! THOMAS
25) 2) text: You think the tooth fairy's gonna come tonight? I'm thinkin' like fifteen bucks. NORA
25) 3) text: Nice try, kiddo. Tim smiles, then winces from the pain in his mouth. THE DANGLING SHOELACE heads straight for the escalator gr SWALLOWED UP. As Tim steps off, Nora TRIPS forward. Her c sneaker is pulled tighter into the innards of the metal s TIM
25) 4) text: Mom! Tim watches helplessly as Nora reaches down, tug ging at fear mounting. Tim also grabs her sneaker and yanks. Fina shoelace SNAPS, and Nora's free again. TIM
25) 5) text: You okay? Nora puts on a brave face and begins tying one long shoel stubby one. NORA
27) 0) text: The RECEPTIONIST appears next to the fallen fish food wit She plugs it in an outlet below the fishtank. A startling GRIND as the vacuum turns on and coughs up a vacuums up the fish food around Nora's feet. The DEAD FISH gets sucked into the water filter in the fi sputters and stops. The water level RISES, spilling water side of the tank. The water TRICKLES closer to the outlet
32) 0) text: Nora stares at a pigeon with a broken wing frantically tr right. Dr. Lees makes a half- hearted attempt to soothe a
33) 0) text: Nora and Tim, feeling better now, walk past the CONSTRUCT CRANE OPERATOR smiles at Tim, who smiles back. From across the mall, the tiny running figures of Kimberl appear in the dis tance, pointing and screaming. TIM
33) 1) text: What are they doing here? And why are they yelling "pigeons"? Just then, Tim and Nora walk into a large cluster of PIGE suddenly burst into flight, startling the Crane Operator, inadvertently jerks a lever - A METALLIC CHAIN RATTLE fills the air and Tim looks up ju SHEET OF GLASS PLUMMETS downward toward him and CRUSHES h mangled body visible underneath. As two pearly whites roll around on the sidewalk, NORA SC
34) 1) text: Nora's not coming. She refuses to leave her son. KIMBERLY
47) 0) text: REVEAL - Nora, Rory, and Kat, mortified, sit on a couch. the bomb's been dropped, reality has set in. Clear and Ki their reactions. Nora raises a trembling hand. NORA
47) 2) text: You'll want to take -- Nora pops it in her mouth. KAT
47) 3) text: -- half of that. Nora chews, her eyes half dead from bereavement. Across t Thomas paces, phone in hand. THOMAS (quietly, into phone)
47) 4) text: Any word yet on the Dodge van? Damn. Eugene alone seems unafraid. He uses a GRABBER - a long p movable claw on the end - to OPEN THE SKYLIGHT. When done balances the long pole precariously against the wall. An OMINOUS BREEZE enters. Clear notices MAGAZINE PAGES bl the desk by the couch. NORA
47) 8) text: Just shut the fuck up and maybe you'll live. Kat's hands ball into fists. The hatred is mutual. Clear a nearby cardboard box on the desk, noticing MAGAZINE PAG over until their weight tips over a PENCIL HOLDER which s out. She takes the box to Nora. CLEAR
47) 9) text: You're not next, Nora. Nobody has to be next. That's the point. Last time, we didn't plan. We weren't organized. Now we can help each other. She reaches into the box and passes out cell phones to No others. CLEAR
47) 10) text: Think what would have happened if Kimberly had been able to warn you with the word pigeons... Nora's head falls. Kimberly senses her anguish and takes KIMBERLY
49) 12) text: So? Nora's gotta bite it before me anyway, right? Kat steps towards the front door, then remembers the cell grabs it just in case. Thomas smiles 'good job' at her. Kimberly, unscrewing the light bulb, looks up when Nora r the couch in a stupor and struggles to put on her jacket. looks concerned. KIMBERLY
49) 13) text: Where are you going, Nora?    You okay? Nora fights the sleeve, dazed and defeated. NORA
49) 15) text: Don't say that. Once you lose hope, it's already too late. Eugene snickers. Nora looks up, anger surfacing. NORA
49) 17) text: You can't give up. Don't accept Death's plan. Trust me, you can fight this. If we can just survive long enough until that baby is born, we can -- Nora looks more resolute than ever. NORA
49) 18) text: If you'll excuse me, I have a funeral to prepare. Everyone looks crushed when Nora heads for the door. Exce who stands up as well. EUGENE
49) 23) text: Be careful. And even if you don't believe, give this to Nora.
50) 0) text: Eugene pushes the elevator button a thousand times. Nora ties her long hair back in a single braid.
51) 2) text: I kinda see it, yeah. So...Nora's going to be killed by a man with hooks? Kimberly and Clear stare at the volleyball trophy - the s ominously FLICKERS OUT AND DIES. Everyone looks around for a hesitant beat, then Thomas pi cell phone. Clear first walks, then RUNS out the door.
52) 0) text: The elevator finally comes. Eugene and Nora get inside, s front of a gaunt looking man holding a cardboard box full PROSTHETIC LIMBS. MUZAK plays AC/DC's HIGHWAY TO HELL. EUGENE
53) 0) text: Eugene stares blankly at the CONCAVE MIRROR in the upper disturbed by the WARPED REFLECTION OF: THE GAUNT MAN leans closer to Nora's hair and as the door close, he leans over and SMELLS it. Creepy. EUGENE
53) 1) text: Um, by the way, your shoe's untied. Nora bends down to tie her shoelace (the one that snapped tying the long dangling shoelace to the stubby one as Eug phone VIBRATES in his hand. Startled, he drops it to the looks embarrassed. EUGENE
53) 2) text: Probably for you, anyway. Nora picks it up. STATIC CRACKLES. It's hard to make out yelling.
53) 3) dialog: Officer Burke?   I can't hear... A beat of confusion, then she slowly turns to see the cla and hands of the Prosthetic limbs. Terror. She freezes. EUGENE
53) 4) text: What is it? What's wrong? But Nora's too frightened to speak. Eugene grabs the phon unintelligible STATIC.
54) 0) text: Nora slowly rises to her feet, feverishly mouthing a pray door opens, Nora rushes out - unseen to her, her long bra snagged on one of the PROSTHETIC HOOKS, YANKING her backw
54) 1) dialog: Let me go let me go! EUGENE
54) 3) text: Goodness gracious, darling, let me help you with... Nora panic,s as Eugene and the Man try to untangle her br desperately spins her body around, sticking her head back elevator. Kat appears in the lobby, smoking a cigarette. KAT
54) 4) text: You alright, Nora? The elevator DOORS begin to close, and CLAMP around Nora' head inside, body outside the elevator. Eugene pounds on the BUMPERS, but they don't seem to work
54) 5) dialog: My God, someone please let me out of this --
54) 6) text: The UP BUTTON is lit. Clear rushes to the lobby. The Elevator RISES! INSIDE THE ELEVATOR, Eugene watches Nora's head drop to f then he pounds the Emergency Button - which SHORTS OUT! Nora's body lifts upwards from the force of the elevator Nora's screams of terror and agony fill the air as the el repeatedly LURCHES UPWARDS. Kat gasps in horror to see this poor woman suspended abov It lurches. And lurches. And lurches. The horror never en Clear comes from the stairwell and is shocked by the sigh to the elevator doors, trying to pry them apart to no ava All Kat can do, crying, is grab hold of Nora's flailing l to pull her back down. The elevator lurches a final time. NORA'S HEADLESS BODY f into Kat's arms, knocking her to the floor. Kat freaks, s away as the body convulses.