2) 6) dialog: Condoms, handcuffs, lube? Kimberly and Mr. Burroughs turn to see -- SHAINA, 19, tall leggy brunette. Tan, tight tube top reve pierced navel, Kimberly's best friend. She walks up the d her bags.
2) 7) dialog: Just kidding, Mr. B. Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on her.
2) 9) text: Oh, that makes me feel a lot better. Shaina throws her bags in, shuts the back and climbs in t Kimberly hugs her dad, kissing him on the cheek. KIMBERLY
2) 13) text: I know, Dad. SHAINA (O.S.)
2) 14) text: Hello, the guys are waiting! Kimberly gives him a quick kiss, jumps behind the wheel, car and pulls away as Shaina cranks up the stereo. MR. BURROUGHS
3) 4) text: Sorry!   My fault! Shaina looks over, concerned. In the backseat, the guys D FRANKIE laugh hard and some of Frankie's milkshake comes nose. SHAINA
3) 6) text: No, I'm good. Shaina looks at Kimberly as a HAND suddenly hits Kimberly Kimberly spins around, startled. Kimberly stares transfixed at the Old Woman, who stares b chilling intensity. The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking freak." The Old W PLASTIC BAG BREAKS, sending oranges rolling down the on- Woman breaks eye contact with Kimberly as she rushes to r them. The signal turns from red to flashing yellow. Kimberly pulls the SU V onto the highway, looking in the mirror to see the Old Woman look up at her in SLOW-MO. FRANKIE
3) 17) text: Yeah, you should have specified. Kimberly turns to Shaina, helpless. Shaina spins around, wordlessly tell Dano, I know she's a priss, but put it ou Then Kimberly's CELL PHONE RINGS. She hits the speaker bu MR. BURROUGHS (V.O.)
3) 23) text: I will, Dad. Bye, luv you. Kimberly passes a STATION WAGON on her right, the DRIVER a map while driving. A mattress and some furniture tied t SHIFT as the wagon hits a bump. SHAINA
3) 26) text: Look first, idiot! Shaina turns up the radio and leans over to Kimberly. SHAINA
3) 43) text: This trip better be wor th it. What's the guy- girl ratio again? SHAINA
3) 68) text: What's the chance of finding a nice mature guy once we get to Daytona? SHAINA
3) 69) text: How does a nice mature fuck sound? Kimberly laughs, then leans in close to Shaina. KIMBERLY
3) 70) text: Hey, thanks for talking    me into this trip. Ever since     my mom... I dunno, I just feel like    I'm starting to live again,    you know? Shaina smiles in understanding.
3) 90) text: Oh my God, oh my God... Dano, confused, rolls a joint. SHAINA
3) 93) text: That's it. My turn to drive. HONK! The drivers behind them start leaning on their horn leans out the window and sees the Chevette, the Pacer, Th the Trans Am, the Harley...all the familiar vehicles from up. She turns on the radio, frantically scans the dial. SHAINA
3) 95) text: Highway to Hell, Highway to Hell. SHAINA
3) 97) text: Taking you into an all request weekend with a classic from AC/DC. The opening guitar riff to HIGHWAY TO HELL blares from th Kimberly turns to Shaina with a "believe me know?" look, nowhere near on the same page. HONKING behind them. Kimberly, shaking like a leaf, pulls the SUV forwards, tu sideways to block off all traffic. DANO
3) 102) text: I told you she'd ruin everything! SHAINA
3) 118) text: Arrest this whack-job, wouldja? Some of us have lives, y'know. Kimberly looks to Shaina for support, but even Shaina can eyes. KIMBERLY
3) 125) dialog: Kimberly, what's going on? Kimberly moves toward Shaina's window. As she leans her h Shaina's window, an ominous BREEZE blows back their hair the BLARING HORN of a TRUCK. And Kimberly is unexpectedly yanked backward by Thomas! From nowhere, a SHRIEK of BRAKES as a JACK-KNIFED TRUCK p across the frame! CRASH! Flying debris misses Kimberly an inches! Kimberly cries in horror into Thomas' shoulder as her fri in the wreckage.
6) 5) text: Like I said, it was like I was there. I remember everything. The sounds of the crashes, the smells, the look on Shaina's face... THOMAS
49) 1) text: I'm sorry, Dad, we're having a hard time with Shaina's eulogy. I'll stay here at Virginia's tonight and see you tomorrow. I love you too. She hangs up, looking guilty for having lied to her fathe keeps her eyes on the pens that ROLL on the slightly cant into the about-to -fall White Pages directory. CLEAR