3) 38) text: No biggie. Drake called in sick. THOMAS
3) 40) text: Go on, sleep it off Drake. Thomas tries to sip from a McDonald's coffee cup on the d but it's TOO HOT. He places it back on the dash. The VIBRATIONS of the road make the COFFEE CUP slide clos closer to the edge of the dashboard.
3) 99) text: Five-O's coming!   Let's fucking roll, man! Officer Thomas Burke stops the car behind them. FRANKIE
3) 104) text: He's just stoned. Officer Thomas Burke exits his car and approaches the pas of the SUV, hand on weapon. Thomas taps the window with h THOMAS
3) 106) text: There's going to be a pile up. Logs. Bodies everywhere. I saw it happen. It happened. Thomas looks to the guys in back who shrug, "we don't kno THOMAS
3) 107) text: Miss, please step out of the vehicle. As she does, Thomas discretely unsnaps his holster. RORY eyes the action. Sneaks a paper bundle into his sock. ISA pregnant woman in the White Van, gets out. She gives Thom friendliest smile, milking the pregnant belly. ISABELLA
3) 114) text: The radio played the same songs, the old lady's bag broke the exact same way it did in my premonition. Kimberly erupts into a panic when she sees the LOG TRUCK She grabs at Thomas for emphasis. KIMBERLY
3) 115) text: THAT's the truck that's going to kill everyone! THOMAS
3) 119) text: Why won't anyone listen to me? Thomas, subtly reaching for his cuffs. THOMAS
3) 120) text: I'm not going to tell you to calm down again -- A SERIES OF CRASHES AND EXPLOSIONS ARE HEARD. In the dist neverending. Horrific. Kimberly's face crumbles. She scre horror and collapses against the SUV. Thomas runs to his patrol car. The White Delivery Van makes a J- turn out of the line of SPEEDS down the onramp in reverse, Isabella screaming ang her cell phone. ISABELLA
3) 122) text: Great, now I'm really gonna be late. Thomas barks into the radio handset -- THOMAS
5) 1) text: I don't know what you want from me. Some crazy chic k blocks the highway with her car, said there'd be an accident and there was. Big deal. Even a broken watch is right twice a day... Officer Thomas Burke passes by, heading into --
6) 3) text: Those poor people. To think it would've been us if not for... PAN OVER TO REVEAL KIMBERLY. She's still in shock, her mi Thomas sits close to her, speaking softly. THOMAS
6) 5) text: Like I said, it was like I was there. I remember everything. The sounds of the crashes, the smells, the look on Shaina's face... THOMAS
6) 7) text: The log truck...and everybody I guess. Everyone was driving like a maniac. And somehow I knew something horrible was going to happen, even before it did. Something clicks for Thomas, but he forces himself to spe like a lawyer leading a friendly witness. THOMAS
6) 13) text: Billboards about accidents. Kids yelling "pile up" for no reason. It all felt...just wrong. Just like... (swallows; hesitates) THOMAS
6) 15) text: I know this sounds crazy...but you all heard about Flight 180, right? The kid who got off the plane? Thomas' eyes widen -- then a startling CRASH as Rory, le his chair, tips over. Thomas rolls his eyes as Rory grins and picks himself up. THOMAS
6) 21) text: But this is where it starts to get freaky. So a month goes by, everything seems cool, but then the survivors start dying one boy one. 'Cause when your number's up, it's up, right? Some people said Death itself started coming for them, hunting down every last one, until they were all dead. Everyone tenses up. THOMAS
6) 22) text: Well, not quite all of them. Clear Rivers checked herself into a padded room at Stoneybrook. Kimberly, affected, looks to Thomas for confirmation. KIMBERLY
7) 0) text: The DOOR OPENS. Detective Suby enters, leading Thomas. Th way mirror, they can see the others chatting anxiously. DETECTIVE SUBY
7) 2) text: Did you? THOMAS
7) 3) text: Of course not. That would be irresponsible and unprofessional. Detective Suby's persistent glare makes Thomas uncomforta THOMAS
7) 6) text: I thought we we re finished with this bullshit. This is police work, not the psychic Hot Line. But Thomas isn't listening. He's glued to Kimberly's word Detective Suby realizes this, he stops and listens. KIMBER LY
8) 6) text: What's wrong with you people? Nora pulls a reluctant Tim out of the room. As she opens the others watch Detective Suby and Thomas appear from no calm her down . When the door swings shut, an awkward sil Suddenly, the door opens again and Thomas leads Mr. Burro Mr. Burroughs sees Kimberly and chokes back tears. MR. BURROUGHS
8) 8) text: Can I take her home? Thomas nods. DETECTIVE SUBY
8) 9) text: Sure, you can all go. By now, the fluorescent light flickers out of control. Wh and Eugene stand up, Thomas looks helpless. KAT
8) 11) text: Yeah, I hate to love and leave ya, but I've been over this X-Files shit since the sixth season. As Thomas watches them file out, the fluorescent light PO DARKNESS.
12) 0) text: Thomas sits at the computer terminal. He checks to make s watching as he enters a SEARCH for Alex Browning. Ten websites come up, all devoted to the Flight 180 Curse scrolls around, seeing the death pix and autopsy photos o "survivors". Headlines blare, "Freak Accident?" "Bizarre Coincidence?" the way the victims died. As Thomas begins a localized se word, "PREMONITION" -- SPOOKY HUMMING from behind him. Thomas whirls around to see Det. Suby looking over his sh humming the music from an old monster movie. Suby presses his forehead, the other polishing an apple against his ve DETECTIVE SUBY (as if entranced)
12) 1) text: Ooooh, I see it now. Your future... A transfer to another department. Suby bites the apple, casually offering nothing more. Tho embarrassed, flicks off the computer, stands. THOMAS
12) 3) text: Good. Cause we just got some new info and I don't ne ed you getting freaky on me. THOMAS
16) 1) text: The camera of a highway patrol car managed to catch this shocking footage -- B/W CAMERA FOOTAGE from Thomas' car shows Thomas tackling the ground just as a jack -knifed truck plows into the SU MR. BURROUGHS
24) 0) text: As Kimberly pulls into her driveway, she's surprised to s CAR parked there. Then -- THOMAS, wearing street clothes, peers through the front w house. He guiltily backs away as Kimberly gets out. THOMAS
24) 2) text: Evan Shaeffer's dead. Thoma s nods and leans against the large glass windows th the sky behind them. THOMAS
24) 4) text: Then you believe all this?? That Death is working off a list? Thomas hesitates before answering. THOMAS
24) 7) text: Did you see that?? Thomas, concerned for her, saw nothing. KIMBERLY
24) 8) text: Pigeons... It's a sign! If Clear's right about the order, then Nora and Tim are going to be attacke d by Pigeons! THOMAS
28) 0) text: Thomas drives his car into a friendly neighborhood. Kimbe shotgun, hangs up her cell phone. KIMBERLY
28) 1) text: Turn around. The cleaning woman said they're at the dentist's. 14th and Main. THOMAS
28) 2) text: Hold on. Thomas expertly skids into a U-turn.
34) 0) text: Emergency vehicles everywhere. Thomas seems exhausted as back to Kimberly, who stands by his car. In the BG, EMTs stretcher into an ambulance. THOMAS (shaking his head)
34) 2) text: We have to tell her she's in danger! THOMAS (sadly)
35) 0) text: Thomas' car turns into the driveway and parks. Kimberly h hand and watches it tremble. KIMBERLY
35) 1) text: It's happening again.   It's fucking happening again. I hoped we'd get there and they'd be okay, that Clear Rivers was full of shit and Evan's death was just a freak accident... Thomas kills the engine to listen. KIMBERLY
35) 2) text: But we're all going to die. We can't stop it. It's just a matter of time. I'm so scared. Thomas takes her hand and squeeze s it reassuringly. THOMAS
35) 3) text: I am too. But you can use that fear. It'll sharpen your instincts. Keep you alert fro signs. It's the only way you'll be able to sav e the others...and me. Kimberly, seeming overwhelmed, pulls her hand back. Thoma he's losing her, and softens her approach. THOMAS
35) 4) text: I know you didn't ask for any of this, Kimberly. But I don't think you have it in you to quit either. Kimberly stares straight ahead, the weight of the world s BANG! A startling pound on the roof of Thomas' car. Kimberly jumps, then spins around to see: CLEAR RIVERS - standing in the driveway. A determined, po presence. Kimberly exits the car. A MOMENT where Kimberly stare each other down. KIMBERLY
35) 5) text: Clear/Thomas. Thomas/Clear. Clear nods absently to Thomas, still focused on Kimberly. KIMBERLY (bitter)
36) 0) text: Thomas' car pulls into a partially filled parking lot. Ki Thomas and Clear file out and head to the door. KIMBERLY
36) 1) text: This is cheery. THOMAS
36) 3) text: A mortician. He seemed to know a hell of a lot more about death than he ever told us. THOMAS
37) 0) text: Kimberly, Thomas and Clear open the large wooden doors in chapel, creat ing a loud CREAK. A corpse in an open caske front of the chapel, post -wake. Kimberly, Thomas and Clear are forced to walk around the get to a side door.
39) 1) text: Hello, Clear. I've been keeping an eye out for you. The mortician rolls a metal gurney carrying EVAN'S EYELES toward the firing oven. Kimberly and Thomas are scared. KIMBERLY
39) 16) text: The list of life is forever set by the Divine Plan, the guiding hand that plots the course of the universe, down to its tiniest element s. Thomas looks to Clear; what's he talking about? The Morti on Kimberly as if the others had ceased to exist. MORTICIAN
39) 17) text: The list accounts for every life; from the dawn of man to the great apocalypse. But the introduction of life that was not meant to be, a soul forbidden to roam the earth, that could invalidate Death's list, shatter its very existence. Evan's other eye POPS , startling Thomas and Kimberly. THOMAS
40) 1) text: From the nozzle in Thomas' car. Thomas fills the tank, wa signs of danger. Clear's hand is poised over the gas pump
40) 6) text: I know, it worries me that I understand him. Thomas tops off the tank. Some gas spills to the ground. all around -- sure enough, one of the Skate Rats is about match. CLEAR'S HAND SLAPS the kid in the back of the head, stopp motion. CLEAR
40) 8) text: I'm thinkin', suck my junk, bee yatch. Thomas chuckles to himself and looks at Kimberly who --
42) 11) text: Then it wasn't just a sign. It was a premonition? Thomas gently releases her, paces. THOMAS
42) 15) text: It throws the entire Death list out of whack. And a new list has to be rewritten f rom scratch. We all start over with a clean slate. THOMAS
42) 17) text: Please, what else could it mean? KIMBERLY (to Thomas)
42) 19) text: So let's do it. THOMAS (realization)
42) 21) text: How are we going to find her? There must be thousands of white vans in this state. THOMAS
43) 0) text: Thomas works a VCR, scanning BACKWARDS through the video the patrol car camera. We see the SUV's explosive collisi jack- knifed semi. Kimberly is taken by surprise by the s crash. KIMBERLY
43) 1) text: Oh God... Thomas sees Kimberly and quickly flicks off the monitor. THOMAS
43) 6) text: Make sure all these people will be at the meeting tonight. THOMAS
43) 9) text: There it is. THOMAS
43) 10) text: Got it. Thomas hits play and we see footage from the patrol car c the White Van. A clean shot of the license plate. Jackpot As Thomas slides his chair to a data base and types in th number, the pause function dislodges, slowly advancing th by frame. CLEAR
43) 11) text: I don't get it. Why is everything happening so fast? After Flight 180. A month went by before anyone died. And now five people are dead in less than a day. Thomas' computer screen finally fills with information. THOMAS
44) 0) text: Thomas pulls up to an upper-middle class house. Thomas, K Clear get out and start up the unlit path. It's dark, har where they're going, so they negotiate by feeling the bus the walkway. THOMAS
44) 1) text: Let's lay this on her gently now. The stress alone could upset the pregnancy. Kimberly nods, ever creeping closer to the front door -- AUTOMATIC LIGHTS FLASH from over the garage. All three freeze for a moment, during which we hear STOMP from within the house, and the lights SHUT OFF. But nothing else happens. No one comes to a door. Thomas as if suddenly remembering his status, he walks fearlessl purposefully to the front door. He makes a fist, is about to knock - when the DOOR FLINGS ROTTWEILER LUNGES for his throat - only to have its colla the last second by its owner - JORGE CRUZ, late 30's, handsome, cocky. He speaks above R
44) 3) text: What? THOMAS
44) 5) text: Shut up!!! The Rottweiler cowers, and Jorge shoves it to the floor, lands on its feet and fearfully trots away. Jorge's face again pleasant, but it's a thin veneer. Jorge sees Clear and Kimberly behind Thomas and frowns. THOMAS
44) 7) text: Maybe.   What's this about? THOMAS
44) 12) text: No.   I'm alone. But by now, Thomas has seen everything Clear has and more through the house, into a bedroom and sees - A FEMALE FOOT lying half0buried under the bedspr ead. THOMAS
44) 16) text: We never meant to hurt you Isa...You're not Isabella! Meanwhile, Jorge yells at Thomas. JORGE
44) 21) text: We had a fight. Some things got broken, the dog went crazy, she left me. Wouldn't say where she was going. THOMAS
44) 23) text: Take a guess. THOMAS
44) 28) text: We can only pray it doesn't come out retarded. Jorge hisses something at the Rotty, which CHARGES them a But Thomas slams the door on the frothing dog just in tim
47) 3) text: -- half of that. Nora chews, her eyes half dead from bereavement. Across t Thomas paces, phone in hand. THOMAS (quietly, into phone)
47) 17) text: The new freeway was faster, but Route 18 was the way my mom used to take, so... They take turns going around the room. THOMAS
47) 28) text: I don't know what's weirder, the dialing a wrong number part or that Death would set you up nine months in advance. THOMAS (realization)
49) 10) text: Screw this. I'm going outside for a smoke. THOMAS
49) 12) text: So? Nora's gotta bite it before me anyway, right? Kat steps towards the front door, then remembers the cell grabs it just in case. Thomas smiles 'good job' at her. Kimberly, unscrewing the light bulb, looks up when Nora r the couch in a stupor and struggles to put on her jacket. looks concerned. KIMBERLY
51) 0) text: The nervous group finishes safe-proofing the apartment. RORY, standing on the couch, pulls a POLICE ACADEMY DIPLO wall - and slips - stumbling BACKWARDS into the closet. Staggering, he accidentally knocks some COAT HANGARS and TROPHY from the high shelf to the floor. Thomas whips around and sees that Rory's not hurt. He the gaze and sees -- The figurine of a VOLLEYBALL TROPHY is framed by a tangle wire COAT HANGARS. Suddenly, STREETLIGHT FLICKERS ON for Oddly, it only illuminates the Trophy/Hangar array. From Rory's vantage point, it looks like a surreal sculpt with hooks emanating from his body. The sodium vapor lamp OMINOUS GLOW around the image. RORY
51) 1) text: ...man with hooks. I see a man with hooks. Someone?!?! The others look over, trying to see what he does. THOMAS (unsure)
51) 2) text: I kinda see it, yeah. So...Nora's going to be killed by a man with hooks? Kimberly and Clear stare at the volleyball trophy - the s ominously FLICKERS OUT AND DIES. Everyone looks around for a hesitant beat, then Thomas pi cell phone. Clear first walks, then RUNS out the door.
55) 0) text: Eugene suddenly bursts through the door, babbling incoher Kimberly, Thomas and Rory look on, bewildered. EUGENE
55) 1) text: ...no escapes my ass. I control my fate. I die on my terms, hear me Reaper cockscuker?! Eugene's in another world. He approaches Thomas and lunge GUN - yanking it from the holster! THOMAS
55) 3) text: Ain't going out like that.   On my terms! THOMAS
55) 4) text: Just take it easy! A twisted insane smile comes to Eugene's face as he jams gunbarrel to his temple. The others shrink back in terror He PULLS THE TRIGGER. CLICK! Eugene tries again. CLICK! Thomas looks stunned as Eugene goes through every round, CLICK CLICK CLICK CLI CK... Kimberly breaths a sigh of relief. KIMBERLY
55) 5) text: You don't keep it loaded? Thomas' eyes disagree. He reaches in and GRABS the gun aw Eugene, who stands there trembling. Thomas cracks open th Loaded. RORY
55) 6) text: Maybe they were all duds. THOMAS
56) 0) text: Flashing lights from rescue vehicles illuminate the livin the newly conformed safe house, Kat and Clear relax as be in Thomas' dry clothes. Thomas makes another phone call. In the corner, Eugene sh himself. Desperately looking for signs of danger. He look Clear. EUGENE
56) 11) text: Could you throw all my drugs out? Paraphernalia, porno, you know... Anything that would break my mom's heart. Kimberly looks deeply into his eyes, looking for the punc she doesn't see one, she nods tenderly and takes the keys The PHONE RINGS. Rory jumps at the sound, paranoid eyes i Thomas answers, speaks softly, hangs up. THOMAS
57) 3) text: Or her. Hopefully her. An uncomfortable beat. THOMAS
60) 5) text: But why single me out? What am I in the great scheme of things? You'd think I stepped off Flight 180 or something... Fucking weird, man. THOMAS
60) 14) text: I'm not sure I-- THOMAS
64) 7) text: A little over a year ago, my mother and I went to the mall. I was supposed to meet her outside, but I got caught up watching some news report about some kid who committed suicide. I kept thinking, "How can you strangle yourself in a bathtub?" That's retarded. Thomas mouths, "Tod?" to Clear. Clear nods.
64) 11) text: After the funeral I had this overwhelming feeling that it should have been me. I figured that's how everyone must feel. But I guess I was right. Thomas reaches between the seats and takes Kimberly's han looks into her eyes, Kat takes her own eyes off the road cigarette.
65) 21) dialog: Is everybody alright?
67) 3) text: Sorry.   There's no room. Again, she's shoved away and steps back, helpless. Thomas and Kimberly stand by Kat, still trapped in the SU THOMAS
67) 6) text: One more thing.   Watch out for power lines. The doors slam, revealing the PHELPS MEMORIAL HOSPITAL lo ambulance speeds off, spraying gravel at her. She reaches into her pocket and withdraws a CRUSHED cell She runs back over to Thomas. CLEAR
68) 0) text: Thomas, Kimberly, Clear and Rory watch the JAWS OF LIFE b onto Kat's door. THOMAS
68) 2) text: I dunno. I think I gave it to Eugene back at your place. THOMAS
68) 3) text: Damn it. We have to call the Greenwood Police Station and warn Isabella. Thomas runs in the direction of some local POLICE. After Rory drifts away from the pack, hand in pocket. Kimberly moves back to Kat, who chain -smokes in the fron Expedition. KIMBERLY
68) 11) text: She's at Phelps Memorial. They're prepping her to give birth right now. THOMAS
68) 22) text: I guess it could be worse. Brian hands out drinks to Rescue Workers. THOMAS
68) 23) text: So let's go...Where the hell is Rory?! Thomas sees Rory in the field and angrily hops the fence, directly under the dead Oak Tree. Rory, his back to everyone, finally opens the BINDLE. Enr delicately unfolds it...
68) 27) text: Get back! BOOM! The news van's explosion hurls two fence posts just Thomas' head, end over end, the two lengths of wire stret them. The flying garrote heads directly for -- Rory, who sorts hard, stands up with a satisfied smile - sliced into three sharp cuts of beef. The silence from the emergency crew is deafening. Mr. Gib crying hysterically. MR. GIBBONS
68) 28) text: I didn't mean to do it - I didn't know. Kimberly numbly stares at the fallen branch, the one that Thomas to step out of the path of the flying fence. KIMBERLY (to herself)
69) 0) text: Kimberly drives Thomas and Clear in the Gibbons' truck. A THOMAS (buckling up)
69) 7) text: And when it was Rory's turn to die, and Thomas was in the way? THOMAS
72) 2) text: I don't think so. Alex's premonitions happened exactly as he saw them no matter how much we tried to change it. THOMAS
72) 4) text: If only Alex and I had done that with the others, Alex might still be... A somber beat. Then Thomas looks over at the speedometer. THOMAS
72) 6) text: Don't worry. Nothing can happen to us. THOMAS
74) 0) text: Kimberly "comes to" at the wheel -- FLAILING DESPERATELY steering wheel. She even claws at Thomas who tries to con neglected steering wheel. CLEAR
74) 1) text: Slow down! We're... Kimberly looks up as the truck comes around a blind curve are backed up at a stop sign. Kimberly screams and SLAMS brakes. The truck SKIDS on wet leaves, completely out of control, LANDSCAPING TRUCK parked on the shoulder. Kimberly's truck hits the loading ramps and launches itse feet into the air, DUKES OF HAZZARD-style. And lands miraculously without a scratch! On a parallel r keeps going. Dumb, insane fucking luck. Kimberly shakes off her premonition and looks out the rea She turns around with a cocky smile. She rubs her throat and FLOORS IT again to Thomas' horror determined. CLEAR (eyes darting)
74) 5) text: Yes. I was in a hospital. There was screaming... A nurse was choking me. I couldn't tell wh at she looked like, but the name tag was right in my face. Kalarjian. THOMAS
76) 1) text: Shouldn't we pull over? THOMAS
76) 7) text: Yeah, fuck 'em. (to Thomas)
76) 8) text: No offense. Kimberly SPEEDS toward the intersection. She pulls her se aside, making sure it offers ZERO protection. Thomas jump backseat, buckles up... CLEAR
80) 0) text: The pick up skids to a halt in front of the hospital. Kim Thomas and Clear run outside and into the building.
82) 0) text: Clear, Kimberly and Thomas dash toward the main desk. CLEAR
82) 4) text: I'll have to see your ID, Ms. Cruz. Clear vaults over the counter, straight-arms the Receptio seizes the computer. Thomas and Kimberly look on, stunned CLEAR
82) 5) text: Delivery rooms are downstairs. I'll find Eugene and catch up with you. Kimberly and Thomas hurry to the elevator banks...then re enter the stairwell.
84) 0) text: Outside the door, you can't hear a thing in the bustling people rush by. Kimberly and Thomas rush past his door, l
84) 1) dialog: Hurry, I think she's this way.
91) 0) text: The Nurse is startled when Kimberly and Thomas BURST THRO door. In the BG, a puzzled Steve peeks inside until Kimbe the door closed. NURSE
93) 0) text: Relaxed and invigorated, Kimberly and Thomas giddily exit delivery room as Clear runs up to them. CLEAR
93) 1) text: A guard grabbed me before I could find Eugene. THOMAS
93) 6) text: Looking up a the EEG machine. Flatlined! THOMAS (O.S.)
94) 0) text: Kimberly, on the ground, looks frazzled as she SNAPS out trance. Thomas helps her to her feet. THOMAS
94) 4) text: I was dead. And came back to life. An EEG machine. Where's Eugene? THOMAS
94) 6) text: I don't...what if I made a mistake? THOMAS
94) 11) text: I'm not sure... I don't think Isabella was ever destined to die in the pile -up. THOMAS
95) 6) text: I have to save Eugene! Clear leaves Kimberly and Thomas together. Kimberly verge and Thomas consoles her with a hug.
95) 20) text: Oh my God. That's it. The lake. The EEG machine. Nurse Kalarjian. THOMAS
95) 22) text: You can't cheat destiny. I know what I have to do to save us. I have to die. THOMAS
95) 25) text: I have to do this. Kimberly wipes tears from her eyes, kisses Thomas' cheek, and runs before he can speak.
97) 0) text: Thomas frantically tries to get through the electric door SPARK and short out. He struggles to pry them apart.
98) 0) text: Kimberly shifts into gear and speeds off. Thomas squeezes doors and runs after her. An EMT, the driver of the stole rushes outside. EMT
99) 0) text: Thomas chases the ambulance, watching helplessly as it ba curbs, pylons and a fence, ultimately plunging straight i lake! Thomas sprints to the lake as fast as he can - the EMT tr behind.
99) 3) text: Thomas swims into the dark, murky water. Deeper and deepe to the ambulance and tries to open the door. Stuck. He wi baton and BANGS on the glass - nothing! He tries coming up for air, but his pants snag on the jag the twisted bumper. He squirms frantically... And as his exhausted body loses consciousness, everything FADE TO BLACK.
100) 6) dialog: Unconscious, CPR being performed on him by the EMT (who's wet). Thomas doesn't respond. An INTERN opens an eyelid, points a flashlight at his eye his head, nothing. The sopping wet EMT goes back to perfo Finally, Thomas coughs up water, chokes, gasps for air, t UPRIGHT. THOMAS
100) 9) dialog: I know.   I can feel it too. Outside, a parting of dark clouds causes a shaft of sunli into the hospital. Its light covers Kimberly and Thomas w ethereal glow. There are no more doubts; they've won. They exchange meek, yet triumphant smiles in the smoky, c hospital.
101) 4) text: My God, this is delicious. I can't believe I used to be a vegan. Thomas, out of uniform, takes a bite of his own. As the m is deep in his mouth -- A running FRISBEE PLAYER accidentally bumps into Thomas! Thomas gives the guy a friendly pat and goes back to rewr mouth around the shish-kabob. MR. BURROUGHS (O.S.)
101) 5) text: So what's the deal, Thomas? Three months and you still haven't asked my daughter out on a date. Kimberly turns red as Mr. Burroughs appears and takes a s THOMAS
101) 8) text: For God's sake, leave him alone, Dad. THOMAS (smiling)
101) 12) text: You know, you still never explained to us how you did it. It seems by now everyone's familiar with the concept. THOMAS
101) 23) text: Sure, here. Mr. Gibbons hands it over and Brian saunters away from ca SLIGHTLY OUT OF FOCUS, toward the barbecue, his body fram Kimberly and Thomas' heads. KIMBERLY
101) 27) text: Well, Brian was nearly hit by an ambulance the day...but your friend Rory pulled him back at the last second. Kimberly and Thomas ominously turn their heads around. In Brian fidgets in front of the barbecue. MRS. GIBBONS