0) 6) text: The Ringmaster (from behind) looks upward. Another spotli goes on. Way up high in the darkness, a beautiful African American aerialist, ANNE WHEELER, is spinning on a rope.
17) 28) dialog: Sorry, Mr. Barnum. Opening day jitters. (CONTINUED)
17) 32) dialog: Maybe Brooklyn.
29) 81) text: 72 The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 52. INT. BARNUM’S MUSEUM - NIGHT They step off a ladder, onto a catwalk above the last row bleachers. From here, you can see everything. The vast space is dark, though you can HEAR a packed hous SPOTLIGHTS sweep the room, tracking an acrobatic act. Phillip leans forward to see what's going on, when... .+.-The CROWD beneath them parts, and Anne comes swinging from below, arms free. Her arc ends almost face to face w Phillip. Then gravity whips her back in the other directi Phillip turns to Barnum. Barnum grins.
29) 84) dialog: And what’s your act, Mr. Carlyle?
29) 86) dialog: Everyone’s got an act. Instant chemistry. Anne, freed from her ribbons, smiles, flirty, and walks off. Phillip, smitten, turns to check o Anne. When he turns back, he finds W.D. glaring at him. INT. THE “BARNUM ARMS” —- DAY 72 A pub across from the museum. Barnum sits at the bar with Tom Thumb, Lettie, and O’Clancy, a stack of newspapers in front of them. He reads from Roth’s review in the Tribune
32) 0) text: The circus performers disembark from their carriages. The have all tried to dress up, with varying success. Anne we a dazzling gown. Phillip helps her down from her carriage (CONTINUED)
32) 4) dialog: I’m just an acrobat.
39) 0) text: Anne, in her Sunday finest, window shops outside a clothi store. She goes to enter, only to have the door shut in h face. A sign is flipped from “Open” to “Closed for Lunch” She absorbs this indignity, stoic, and moves on. Across t street, Phillip has seen this. His heart breaks for her.
44) 40) dialog: I’m from New York! I’m from right here!
44) 45) dialog: Don’t... Please... We shouldn’t even be * here like this. *
44) 49) dialog: It is dangerous.
44) 51) dialog: It’s not just them. Look at the world... Any time I step outside this building...
44) 71) dialog: YOU THINK IT’S EASY? YOU THINK I DON’T WANT TO RUN TO YOU?
44) 73) dialog: 
44) 84) dialog: 
61) 8) dialog: Inside! The animals are still in cages! Barnum hears the panicked ROAR of an elephant. He turns a runs into the building. W.D. and Anne follow him in. 123 INT. BARNUM’S MUSEUM - NIGHT 123 The place is filled with smoke. Barnum passes WAX FIGURES Napoleon, Marie Antoinette, George Washington, all meltin Barnum finds Phillip at the elephant cage, struggling wit ring of skeleton keys. He looks up, sees Barnum approach.
61) 18) dialog: Where's Phillip?
62) 0) text: Phillip is laid into a hospital bed by two DOCTORS. He is unconscious, dressed in bandages. The room is large, with rows of beds. As the Doctors turn to leave, Anne steps forward, at his side, looks down, eyes full of tears. A NURSE (white) takes her arm, trying to usher her away.
67) 0) text: The dim, quiet hospital room. Curtains drawn. Phillip lie in bed, still unconscious. Anne sits next to him, bent ov with exhaustion, head bowed. But still holding his hand. the background, Doctors and Nurses quietly do their round CLOSE ON -- His hand. Gently, it twitches, grasping hers. She raises her head, disbelieving. She clutches his hand, squeezing... He stirs. Then his eyes open. He sees her.
67) 2) dialog: “Here” is where I belong. They share a tearful smile. A passing NURSE notices he is awake and waves to others. A handful of Doctors and Nurse gather at the foot of the bed. She leans in and kisses him on the lips, unafraid and unashamed. He wraps his arms around her, kissing her back 140 INT. CHARITY’S HOUSE - BETHEL, CT. - DAY 140 The MUSIC rises briefly, but continues UNDER as... Barnum strides up the front walk, in a mirror of the elopement scene. As he steps onto the porch, Mr. Hallett opens the front door, looks at Barnum with withering disd (CONTINUED)
70) 0) text: Phillip and Anne are married on a Sunday morning. Except W.D., both families have boycotted the ceremony. * But the bride and groom are surrounded by their adopted family of circus performers, with Caroline and Helen as flower girls, and Barnum and Charity bearing witness. The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 104.
75) 0) text: Charity, Caroline, and Helen wait on the steps of the Met Caroline wears a tutu under her coat. Around them, Parent and young Ballerinas climb the stairs and stream into the museum entrance. A small banner reads, “Metropolitan Annu Ballet Recital”. Charity checks a distant tower clock. * Helen sees something, points. They all react with disbeli
76) 4) dialog: 