10) 13) dialog: What is it?
10) 17) dialog: I wish for a pair of ballet slippers, so I can be a ballerina. Barnum smiles, but he’s flat broke. It rips his guts out.
13) 0) text: A crowded shopping street. Barnum walks in the crowd, dee frustrated by this setback. Caroline tags along with him. He stops on the curb, as a HORSE-DRAWN WAGON drives past.
13) 1) dialog: Why'd they close it down?
13) 5) dialog: I don’t understand. * As they cross the street, Barnum stops, searching for the right words -- beyond frustrated. Up the street, a MAN st into the path of the HORSE-DRAWN WAGON. Its DRIVER yanks horse’s reins, causing the wagon to JACKKNIFE. Barnum tur Suddenly: SEVERAL HUNDRED BRIGHTLY-COLORED BALLS... .-+.-Spill out onto the street, bouncing and rolling past in every direction. It’s a wondrous moment. They’re right in the center of it. All other activity stops as CHILDREN and ADULTS, gather up the balls, tossing them back and fo Barnum watches as the ashen street is transformed into a festive tempest of color and joy. Barnum leans in, pointi
13) 7) dialog: They're dancing...! *
15) 0) text: Barnum is transfixed by his sudden glimpse. To Caroline:
17) 0) text: Barnum shows his family his new building, spruced up with flags and colorful posters. A sign introduces ‘BARNUM’'S AMERICAN MUSEUM OF CURIOSITIES.’ Caroline reads it, puzzl
17) 1) dialog: Barnum’s American Museum of Curiosities.
17) 4) dialog: What sort of things? INT. BARNUM’S MUSEUM - DAY 29 THWACK! A GUILLOTINE BLADE comes down, cutting off Marie Antoinette’s head. Helen covers her mouth in shock. (CONTINUED)
17) 10) dialog: What’s that? Barnum gently sets piece of wood into a display case.
17) 35) dialog: Ready! He reaches the front doors, takes one last look around, t throws them open grandly, his face filled with expectatio No one is there. Outside, on the street, ordinary life go on, ignoring them. Everyone deflates a bit. Except Barnum
17) 73) dialog: We don’t know!
17) 82) text: 42 The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 26. INT. BARNUM’S TENEMENT APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT 42 Barnum tucks Caroline in next to Helen, who’s already asl
17) 83) dialog: Will there be dancing girls?
17) 85) dialog: What about acrobats?
17) 87) dialog: Why don’t you have them all? A show with everything?
17) 89) dialog: But... What else is there?
17) 91) dialog: What about Tom Thumb?
17) 93) dialog: He’s a boy we read about in school. They say he’s the size of your thumb.
21) 109) dialog: No! It’s magic! * The whole circus unites behind the smiling, tin-crowned * Barnum. It is a joyous, exuberant moment. *
22) 0) text: A beautiful tree-lined street. Barnum steps out of a ZEBR DRAWN CARRIAGE, then helps a blindfolded Charity out. Hel and Caroline jump out after them. Time has passed -- they all better-dressed and more polished than they used to be
24) 0) text: Caroline sits at the foot of the stairs, putting on her ballet shoes. She practices a few motions - she has clear already begun her classes. MUSIC: Orchestral version of “A Million Dreams.” Caroline dances around the foyer, confidence growing. She disappears around the staircase and when she emerges she TWO YEARS OLDER, dressed in a tutu. The lights go down - she is lit by a single spotlight as dances with skill and maturity. We are no longer in Barnu mansion, but on a dark stage. As Caroline finishes her dance, she is joined by six other ballerinas. They bow to round of applause. We DISSOLVE TO:
26) 0) text: Charity and Helen walk ahead while Barnum strolls with Caroline, who is withdrawn and a bit down.
26) 2) dialog: I really wasn’t. (then) I’ve actually decided to quit the ballet.
26) 4) dialog: I started too late. I’11 never catch up. I’m just not good enough.
26) 6) dialog: What would you know about it?
26) 8) dialog: How many ballets have you seen in your life?
26) 10) dialog: Not everything’s like the circus, you know. Ballet takes years of hard work. (pointed, sharp) You can’t just fake it. She runs off, bounding up the steps ahead of Charity and Helen. We hold on Barnum, who looks stricken.
30) 0) text: Barnum sings a farewell LULLABY (that will become a duet Charity), to Helen and Caroline, both of whom are asleep.
35) 0) text: A spectacular circular theatre. Barnum stands on stage. H nods to Charity, Caroline and Helen, dressed to the nines
36) 11) dialog: You have the most exquisite voice!
36) 13) dialog: Yes, I... I’m studying Ballet.
36) 15) dialog: Of course I am. Barnum turns to Charity and beams.
36) 17) dialog: My class will perform at the Met Gala this year. (CONTINUED)
43) 0) text: Jenny sings to the assembled guests, accompanied by a lon pianist. Caroline sits between Barnum and Charity.
43) 2) text: As Jenny sings, her eyes find Barnum’s in the audience an rest there, like she’s singing to him. Charity clocks the look between them warily. Barnum turns, surveys the audie listening raptly. He finally has an act they can’t say no The SONG ends in applause. Caroline, looking around at th reactions of her friends and parents, smiles and claps. As Jenny bows, Barnum joins her in the center of the room He takes her hands and kisses her ceremonially on each ch
48) 0) text: Caroline finishes a small ballet recital with her fellow Ballerinas. They bow. In the audience of parents and * friends, Charity and Helen applaud. Barnum is not there.
53) 1) text: ANGLE -- Barnum’s autobiography is on display under a sig NUMBER ONE BEST SELLER NEXT TO THE BIBLE! It’s bitterswee for Caroline and Helen, a reminder of their absent father
55) 0) text: Charity, Caroline, and Helen eat breakfast. Charity opens the newspaper and stops. There is a picture of Barnum and Jenny together on stage -- bowing, holding hands.
61) 0) text: Barnum, Charity, Caroline and Helen step outside. Carolin a teen, is reserved. Barnum hugs her anyway, and smiles.
61) 2) dialog: We're practicing every day now. The recital is next month. Suddenly, a FIRE WAGON races by. Another soon follows. Barnum turns, sees a young POLICEMAN running up the stree
61) 12) dialog: Lettie, you’re hurt... She takes out a lace handkerchief, wraps it like a bandag (CONTINUED)
61) 17) dialog: So are you. They share a smile. A fire truck arrives. FIREMEN jump from the truck. Just then a section of the roof falls, sending embers into the sky. The entire building is now ENGULFED IN FLAMES. Anne comes out with the lion. An animal TRAINER quickly steps up and leads the lion away. Barnum rushes up. *
61) 22) dialog: Daddy!!! She watches, terrified, as Barnum runs into the building. 127 INT. BARNUM’S MUSEUM - CONTINUOUS 127 Barnum holds his shirt over his mouth, calling out for Phillip as he moves through the intense heat. A BEAM, engulfed in flames, comes crashing down behind him. 128 129 130 The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 90. EXT. BARNUM’S MUSEUM - CONTINUOUS 128 Charity, Caroline, Helen, Anne, W.D., and all of the Oddi watch the building in silence, as the flames devour it. Then, through the smoke, a figure... Barnum emerges carrying Phillip, unconscious, in his arms As soon as they are clear, Barnum collapses to his knees, lays Phillip on the ground. Anne runs to Phillip. Charity Caroline, and Helen descend on Barnum, hugging him.
67) 10) dialog: She’s at the beach! They turn. Caroline and Helen are at the top of the stair He smiles. They smile back. He nods -- thank you! -- turn
70) 0) text: Phillip and Anne are married on a Sunday morning. Except W.D., both families have boycotted the ceremony. * But the bride and groom are surrounded by their adopted family of circus performers, with Caroline and Helen as flower girls, and Barnum and Charity bearing witness. The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 104.
75) 0) text: Charity, Caroline, and Helen wait on the steps of the Met Caroline wears a tutu under her coat. Around them, Parent and young Ballerinas climb the stairs and stream into the museum entrance. A small banner reads, “Metropolitan Annu Ballet Recital”. Charity checks a distant tower clock. * Helen sees something, points. They all react with disbeli