10) 15) dialog: My wish is to marry Santa Claus!
17) 2) dialog: What kind of museum is it, Daddy?
17) 7) dialog: What is it? Barnum energetically leads them through a room filled wit famous figures. Many have been slightly damaged in transi
17) 12) dialog: It looks like driftwood.
17) 35) dialog: Ready! He reaches the front doors, takes one last look around, t throws them open grandly, his face filled with expectatio No one is there. Outside, on the street, ordinary life go on, ignoring them. Everyone deflates a bit. Except Barnum
17) 37) dialog: No one cares...!
17) 74) dialog: We ran out of tickets! Barnum couldn’t be happier. Charity looks at him -- both impressed and concerned. Barnum sees her look, and grins.
17) 82) text: 42 The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 26. INT. BARNUM’S TENEMENT APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT 42 Barnum tucks Caroline in next to Helen, who’s already asl
21) 107) dialog: What’s humbug?
26) 0) text: Charity and Helen walk ahead while Barnum strolls with Caroline, who is withdrawn and a bit down.
30) 0) text: Barnum sings a farewell LULLABY (that will become a duet Charity), to Helen and Caroline, both of whom are asleep.
35) 0) text: A spectacular circular theatre. Barnum stands on stage. H nods to Charity, Caroline and Helen, dressed to the nines
36) 9) dialog: You look like a princess, ma’am.
48) 0) text: Caroline finishes a small ballet recital with her fellow Ballerinas. They bow. In the audience of parents and * friends, Charity and Helen applaud. Barnum is not there.
53) 1) text: ANGLE -- Barnum’s autobiography is on display under a sig NUMBER ONE BEST SELLER NEXT TO THE BIBLE! It’s bitterswee for Caroline and Helen, a reminder of their absent father
55) 0) text: Charity, Caroline, and Helen eat breakfast. Charity opens the newspaper and stops. There is a picture of Barnum and Jenny together on stage -- bowing, holding hands.
61) 0) text: Barnum, Charity, Caroline and Helen step outside. Carolin a teen, is reserved. Barnum hugs her anyway, and smiles.
70) 0) text: Phillip and Anne are married on a Sunday morning. Except W.D., both families have boycotted the ceremony. * But the bride and groom are surrounded by their adopted family of circus performers, with Caroline and Helen as flower girls, and Barnum and Charity bearing witness. The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 104.
75) 0) text: Charity, Caroline, and Helen wait on the steps of the Met Caroline wears a tutu under her coat. Around them, Parent and young Ballerinas climb the stairs and stream into the museum entrance. A small banner reads, “Metropolitan Annu Ballet Recital”. Charity checks a distant tower clock. * Helen sees something, points. They all react with disbeli