33) 31) dialog: From America. I’ve heard of you. She smiles slyly -- suggesting what she’s heard. He grins (CONTINUED)
33) 35) dialog: (suggestive) Or else very wrong.
33) 37) dialog: (mock admonishment ) Between right and wrong? Those are words of a scoundrel, Mr. Barnum.
33) 39) dialog: And what can I do for you, Mr. Barnum?
33) 41) dialog: Is that a proposition?
33) 43) dialog: Have you heard me sing?
33) 45) dialog: (intrigued) I've never been to America. (CONTINUED)
33) 49) dialog: I give most of my earnings to charity, Mr. Barnum -- to widows and orphans.
33) 51) dialog: I have to ask, Mr. Barnum, why me? Barnum thinks about it -- a moment of real reflection.
33) 53) dialog: Well... Honesty. I didn’t expect that. Barnum smiles back. He has her.
36) 0) text: MUSIC continues under. There’s an air of excitement that only comes after a perfect show. Cheers continue as Jenny leaves the stage, followed by STAGEHANDS carrying BOUQUET She is met by Barnum, who looks at her, truly impressed.
36) 4) dialog: (laughs ) Why Mr. Barnum, I believe you are speechless. Charity rushes in with the girls.
36) 6) dialog: Aren’t you lovely.
36) 8) dialog: A pleasure.
36) 10) dialog: But you’re the beautiful one. She offers Helen her hand -- to shake, or to kiss, Helen isn’t sure. So she curtsies. Caroline steps forward, shyl
36) 12) dialog: Thank you, dear. Do you perform?
36) 20) dialog: Oh! What I would give to see that! (takes Caroline’s hand) I think you and I are going to be very good friends. Caroline glows. Barnum puts his arm around Charity -- he pulled off the impossible. INT. THE “BARNUM ARMS” - DAY 83 Barnum sits at a table as Phillip runs in with the paper.
37) 0) text: SOUND OF: Ecstatic applause. Calls of “Brava” and “Encore Night after night, the ‘SOLD OUT’ sign is hung in the box office window. INT. CASTLE GARDEN THEATER - JENNY’S DRESSING ROOM - NIGH The room is crammed with well-heeled ADMIRERS and bouquet flowers. Barnum glad-hands people while Charity feigns interest. Jenny smiles politely, accepting accolades. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Barnum finds Jenny signing autographs and greeting high- society type in a backstage hallway. He attempts to mingl but no one has any interest in him. He greets a Couple wh don’t respond in kind. He himself is an oddity there.
41) 0) text: Barnum stares as Jenny chats with the Winthrops. Grimly * determined, he moves forward to join the conversation. He puts on a smile as he joins them, bowing to Mrs. Winth and shaking Mr. Winthrop’s hand. It’s like shaking hands with the Devil. As circus APPLAUSE echoes, we CUT TO: *
42) 0) text: Quiet. People mingle in the drawing room, while Jenny sta beside the piano, greeting well-wishers. Barnum and Chari stand to one side, taking it all in. Charity asks quietly
43) 0) text: Jenny sings to the assembled guests, accompanied by a lon pianist. Caroline sits between Barnum and Charity.
43) 1) dialog: 
43) 2) text: As Jenny sings, her eyes find Barnum’s in the audience an rest there, like she’s singing to him. Charity clocks the look between them warily. Barnum turns, surveys the audie listening raptly. He finally has an act they can’t say no The SONG ends in applause. Caroline, looking around at th reactions of her friends and parents, smiles and claps. As Jenny bows, Barnum joins her in the center of the room He takes her hands and kisses her ceremonially on each ch
43) 16) text: + eH 95 The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 70. INT. BARNUM’'S MUSEUM - BARNUM’S OFFICE - DAY 95 CLOSE ON a poster for the Jenny Lind tour. It is wildly extravagant -- the 19th Century version of Las Vegas. Bar loves it. Phillip is desperately trying to reason with hi
44) 0) text: Barnum walks in to find Jenny finishing a lunch. He has t papers in his hand, looking serious. She sees him, smiles
44) 1) dialog: Mr. Barnum! To what do I owe the pleasure?!
44) 3) dialog: Oh, dear. Is something wrong?
44) 5) dialog: ...-And I can only perform once. Barnum is baffled by this. He strains to be polite.
44) 7) dialog: Mr. Barnum, I am not a cuckoo clock. To be perfect, my voice requires rest.
44) 9) dialog: I will know the difference.
44) 11) dialog: You told me you wanted the best for this tour, Mr. Barnum. Or was that humbug too? Her challenge throws Barnum. He struggles to control hims
44) 15) dialog: This isn’t about money...
44) 17) dialog: The question is simple, Mr. Barnum -- do you want to give your audience something real? Or just hoodwink them again? Barnum half-smiles. He sits next to her, shakes his head.
44) 20) dialog: You mean before we leave? He stops short. They look at each other, both surprised.
44) 22) dialog: Why would you not?
44) 24) dialog: I don’t know anyone in this country!
44) 26) dialog: I need someone I can trust!
44) 30) dialog: This tour will make your reputation. You will be the most famous man in America. * But only if you show up. She smiles at him -- don’t you want that? He wavers, at w with himself. Finally, he smiles and nods.
46) 0) text: Barnum has turned the kick-off of the tour into a 19th century media circus, with an entire train commandeered a painted to advertise the event. Jenny Lind moves down the platform, surrounded by REPORTERS and FANS. Barnum kisses his girls goodbye. They cry and hug him. He turns to Charity, who is still cross. He kisses her cheek
47) 0) text: Jenny finishes singing on stage and basks in the loud * applause and thrown flowers. Barnum stands in the wings, watching happily. She turns to smile at Barnum in the win who smiles back, elated at her reception.
50) 0) text: Barnum and Jenny are guests of honor at a huge dinner par in Chicago. The Mayor raises a toast to Jenny. Jenny stan and bows graciously. Then she reaches for Barnum. He resists, but she coaxes him to his feet. Everyone applaud (CONTINUED)
52) 0) text: At a bookstore in Kansas City, Barnum signs copies of his latest autobiography. Jenny stands by his side, at one po resting her hand on his shoulder in an almost wifely pose
54) 0) text: Another theater, another city. Jenny, now in a fur stole, basks in yet another ecstatic response. Barnum watches fr the wings. Then Jenny turns, extends a hand to him. Barnu self-conscious, walks out and joins her, taking her hand. They bow together, as the entire theater applauds. FLASHB pop, lighting them up together in the spotlight of fame. The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 81.
55) 0) text: Charity, Caroline, and Helen eat breakfast. Charity opens the newspaper and stops. There is a picture of Barnum and Jenny together on stage -- bowing, holding hands.
57) 0) text: Barnum sits next to Jenny, who looks out the window. Then she turns and catches his eye, offering a vulnerable smil He smiles back, reassuring. Jenny closes her eyes, leans head against his shoulder. Barnum lets her.
58) 0) text: Jenny opens a door and lets Barnum into her hotel suite. sweeps in as if walking on air -- high-spirited, elated.
58) 2) dialog: Mr. Barnum. Don’t be shy. Come in.
58) 4) dialog: Oh, I never read reviews.
58) 6) dialog: Here we are. Did they have anything kind to say? (CONTINUED)
58) 10) dialog: “In bringing Miss Lind to our shores, we owe Mr. Barnum our most humble gratitude. The erstwhile showman and one-time Prince of Humbug has transformed himself into a patron of the arts and a connoisseur of the highest order.” She looks up -- happy for him. He’s a bit embarrassed by much this anonymous praise means to him. He shrugs.
58) 12) dialog: It’s what you do. Make dreams come true. She clinks his glass, takes a sip. Suddenly, he sees wher this is going. He wavers -- torn between staying with her and leaving. Then he takes a quick sip, checks his watch.
58) 14) dialog: Stay for a moment? Please? I’ve been alone all day. She sits on the sofa primly. He relents and sits beside h
58) 19) dialog: When I first met you? I didn’t know what to think. You were so... Unrefined. Unembarrassed. So vital and unafraid.
58) 21) dialog: You have surprised the world, Mr. Barnum. And you have surprised me. She takes his hand. He lets her. Quietly, she confesses.
58) 22) dialog: You have taken me in, stolen my heart. You have become everything to me. She looks up at him -- she is his. She leans toward him. There is no denying her beauty, or the emotion in her eye All he has to do is lean forward. And for a moment, he is tempted. But then, just as it seems they will kiss...
58) 24) dialog: Phineas --
58) 29) dialog: Is that all? Do I mean nothing to you? He can’t answer. Jenny turns away, hiding her hurt.
58) 30) dialog: Of course. Go home to your wife.
58) 33) dialog: You'll come tonight, yes? One last show?
59) 0) text: Yet another audience is on its feet. Jenny takes her bow.
59) 3) dialog: Goodbye. The Greatest Showman On Earth 4/20/15 Draft 85.
63) 0) text: A CROWD of FANS and PRESS have gathered to see Jenny Lind depart. A line of PORTERS ascend the gangplank onto an OC LINER. Jenny signs a last autograph, smiles for pictures. Then she steps onto the gangplank, follows the Porters up NOISE. She turns. It is Barnum, running up the dock. *
63) 3) dialog: You've seen the papers this morning?
63) 5) dialog: Indeed, it does, Mr. Barnum. Our contract has a morals clause, which you have broken with your reckless display. My reputation has suffered irreparable harm. You should be glad I am not suing you. On Barnum, as he absorbs the full extent of her calculati The wind goes out of him. He looks up at her, going quiet (CONTINUED)
63) 9) dialog: As did I, Phineas. It seems we both lost. There is terrible sadness in her eyes. She turns to go.
63) 11) dialog: Maybe that’s what I want. * He is stunned by her cruelty. She sees this and softens - looking at him with hurt, regret, longing, anger, spite.
63) 12) dialog: When you are careless with other people, Mr. Barnum, you bring ruin on yourself. Then she turns, walks up the gang plank. He can’t stop he