20) 0) text: In a nearby back alley, Barnum stands with Tom, helping h struggle into the jacket of a tiny military uniform.
20) 1) dialog: This thing is itchy! Didn’t you say my uniform would be nice?
20) 5) dialog: How should I know? I’m eleven.
20) 7) dialog: I'm fifty-two.
20) 9) dialog: This was a mistake. I can’t do this!
20) 11) dialog: (freaking out) No, this is crazy! They’11 know I’m faking! I’m not a General! Look at me! Barnum crouches down, grabs him, looks him in the eye.
20) 13) dialog: Tom.
21) 0) text: An after-show party. Tom Thumb entertains the others by drinking from a bottle while balancing on W.D.’s out- stretched hand. Barnum plucks the bottle from his hand, replaces it with a glass of milk, to much LAUGHTER. Barnum, in high spirits, downs a drink at the bar with An then turns to see SAM ROTH, a grumpy newspaperman who wat the antics with opprobrium. Roth lifts his glass to Barnu
21) 43) text: As CUSTOMERS move quietly through the doors, there’s more sense of drudgery than excitement -- people with hard liv Barnum walks down the line, eyeing the Customers in line.
21) 81) dialog: 
29) 79) dialog: We're underpaid.
33) 0) text: The group is led down an endless hall by a prim and LORD-IN-WAITING. Even dressed up, they look wildly place. The enormous Lord of Leeds is wheezing and falling behind. Tom Thumb tugs on the bottom of his coat.
33) 1) dialog: Only a mile to go, tubs. Don’t die on me.
33) 14) dialog: General, ma’am.
33) 16) dialog: You're not exactly reaching the top shelf yourself, sweetheart. The assembled nobility GASP. Phillip holds his breath. Th room remains silent until the Queen suddenly bursts into laughter. Everyone immediately joins in, relieved. The Queen’s dog starts to BARK at Tom -- who barks right back. They growl and nip and tug at each other. The Queen throws her head back, laughing even harder at Tom’s antic Barnum and Phillip share a look of relief.
40) 9) dialog: 
59) 18) dialog: (brandishes his fists) You want more of this, fellas? I got plenty to go around! The Protesters scramble and quickly retreat. At the door, beaten Protester sees an oil lantern hanging on the wall. He picks it up, turns, and throws it spitefully onto a be feeding hay. The lantern breaks and the hay catches fire. It spreads to curtains. Suddenly, there are fires spreadi everywhere. The Performers rush to try to put them out. The Protesters share a wicked grin, retreat into the nigh
65) 12) dialog: I figured you'd end up here. He climbs straight onto the bar and walks down it toward Barnum, carrying the “Prince of Humbug” crown in his hand (CONTINUED)
65) 16) dialog: How ‘bout you buy me a drink, and we'll call it even? He puts the crown on Barnum’s head and sits on Barnum’s h Barnum takes off the crown, puts it on the bar, gazes at TOM THUMB (CONT’D) Lost your kingdom, huh?
65) 18) dialog: And what’s the truth? Barnum unfolds a Tribune with the Barnum scandal headline
65) 20) dialog: Jeez. You say that like it’s a bad thing.
65) 22) dialog: Ya know? A very unwise man once said to me, “Be proud of who you are”. Barnum has to smile. Tom looks up, waves, and calls out. TOM THUMB (CONT’D) Hey, I found him! Tolja he’d be here! Barnum looks down the bar and sees Lettie, Chang and Eng, Lord of Leeds, and other performers filing in. They are smiling and relieved, happy to see Barnum. Tom turns back TOM THUMB (CONT’D) That's right, Barnum. You’re a freak. A weirdo. You don’t fit in. Welcome to the human race. (CONTINUED)
65) 25) dialog: My mother kept me locked in a back room for years ‘cause she was ashamed of me. It was like that for all of us. But you pushed us in the spotlight. You told the world stories that made them love us. You made us into a family. (beat) Your humbug gave us a home, Barnum. And we want it back. Barnum is deeply moved. MUSIC plays UNDER as he looks at Tom, determination spreading across his face. You'd bette believe he will rebuild his circus. Barnum begins to sing