18) 21) dialog: Vilmer -- I'm sorry baby! You know I didn't mean to upset you. Vilmer goes over to Leatherface, and hugs him, and you can slightly detect a tear in Vilmer's eye.
18) 23) dialog: There, there, it's all over  now -- Son it's the best present I've ever received.
18) 25) dialog: Look at you! Your such a big boy --  (babying him) Look at this Vilmer -- you got two birds with one stone. Such a good little helper. Vilmer lifts up his face, which was buried in Leatherface shoulder, and looks at him with a teary eye. 28
18) 27) dialog: Come Vilmer! -- Let us eat dinner!
18) 29) dialog: Yes?
18) 31) dialog: Yes dear?
18) 33) dialog: What's your name dear?
18) 35) dialog: May I call you Finch?
18) 37) dialog: To me it does.
18) 39) dialog: Finch, you do as your told, I'll make it as quick as  possible. Leatherface looks at her hands. He picks them up, and put them up to his nose, and takes a big whiff.
18) 40) dialog: You smoke, yes?
18) 42) dialog: Might you spare one to me? Finch pulls out her pack of cigarettes.
18) 44) dialog: Mmmm. Menthol, even better. Finch draws a cigarette from the pack and hands it to Leatherface. Leatherface accepts it, and presses the filter between hi He pulls out a zippo from his pocket -- unlike your zippo usual cover -- this lighter was covered with skin. He lit his cigarette. They start walking out of the pit, in rows of two: Finch by Leatherface, Vilmer by Kate, And Jefferson  trai
18) 46) dialog: My name is Ed Gein the third.
18) 48) dialog: Yes, I am. We... we are his family.
18) 50) dialog: No, not entirely. Y'see -- what we do as a family, is what several families did twenty years back. What few families did, a few years back. And it's what we do now. All of our families, spread out across Texas, we all follow Edward, some families even thought of him as a god. I saw him a grandfather, and a damn good one at that. But all of the other families, Ten in all -- have either been caught, or been outsmarted by their own food. Leatherface smiles as the walk up the hill and out of the pit.
18) 51) dialog: Y'see, we're not monsters. To you yes, we may well be -- but you have to understand that it's  nothing personal. Your just our meal ticket.
18) 53) dialog: Their somthin' aren't they?
18) 55) dialog: I know, all they guys with the leather mask and the chain- -saw, are few cans short of a six pack -- I know this. But it doesn't bother me, I mean it's just a movie -- they do it for ratings and I can respect that.
18) 57) dialog: Well, we are going to eat supper, you are going to watch, and then This hellhole you call life will have just been a terrible dream as you journey to your unknown destination.
19) 0) text: The Kitchen/Dining Room is empty, and quiet, accept for the HMMMM of the a/c unit in the living room. Leatherface, Finch, Vilmer, Kate, and Jefferson enter.
19) 1) dialog: Vilmer, tie the ladies down please.
19) 4) dialog: I'm going to go check on bones, and see how the food's comin'. Leatherface exits the House.
19) 15) dialog: Well... let's eat. The four guys grab some body parts from the tray and star to chow down. Vilmer grabs a hand -- a grilled hand, and starts to eat as if it were a chicken leg. Kate sees it, and starts to shake in fear. Jefferson takes the face -- uncooked and cuts a slice off of it, and sets the face back onto the tray. Bone grabs what looks to be some sort of cooked genitalia and start to chew. We can literally see Kate, breaking down. Finch, closes her eyes. Leatherface cuts up the gutted uncooked torso, and breaks out a rib and starts to chow down. Kate is losing her mind -- you can see it in her eyes. Finch still has her eyes closed. We can HEAR, the RIPS, and CRUNCHES, CHOMPS of the cannib as they eat their dinner. Kate's gives off a presence of purebred fear. She looks at Vilmer, eating the hand up, and breaking off the bone. She looks at Jefferson, eating the slice of the face -- h She looks at Bones, curled up, knawing on the genitals Then she turns to Leatherface, eating the bloody rib, the loose tender meat dropping off of the bone, and out of hi mouth. It all sinks in to her -- She's completely aware. She screams a HELLISH CRY OF THE BANSHEE, as she looks up and closes her eyes.       35 She wets her pants, and her water splatters on the floor. The Cannibals continue to CHOW DOWN. Until we hear another scream, a muffled one in the b.g. from below. Vilmer slams his hand down on his plate.
19) 32) dialog: Vilmer...Put the knife down, is that anyway to treat your  guests?
19) 34) dialog: That was the Black Sheep of the family.
19) 41) dialog: Because she... (pause) ... she's family. She's Vilmer's little sister. Yep.... Vilmer tried so hard to teach her to do the right thing...but, in the end... Leatherface points to the trap door in the kitchen.
19) 42) dialog: We did the only thing we could do.
19) 44) dialog: Exactly Ms. Finch -- Vilmer, time play in the barnhouse. Jefferson interrupts.
19) 46) dialog: It'll be your turn tomorrow.
19) 48) dialog: The last two nights, You keep lookout one more night, then it'll be your turn, I promise. Jefferson looks up, as if he's trying to think.
19) 50) dialog: Okay.
19) 52) dialog: Okay, Jefferson.
19) 54) dialog: No, there's more than plenty in there now. Vilmer gets up.
19) 56) dialog: Tie 'em up in the Cellar.
24) 0) text: Leatherface has the shotgun hanging on his shoulder, as he's beating an old man with his own, ripped-off leg. Then finally taking the shotgun to his face at close rang Vilmer runs up to a middle-aged woman, and starts to saw He halfway done sawing her -- he hold her legs with his right hand, and kicks her in the torso, and the top half The two killers exchange weapons again. Vilmer takes aim at a regressing victim -- He fires The victim's head explodes all over a Teen-aged boy. The boy looks at Leatherface who comes forward with the Leatherface stabs the chainsaw into his gut -- and starts cut in a round symmetrical motion, carving a hole in his stomach. The boy hits the hay -- dead, a bloody mess. We get an overview of the damage. The barn, is a BLOODY scattered through out. They hey and walls -- what used to be a faded yellow -- now, a CRIMSON RED -- with faint traces of Yellow -- which is ALMOST non-existent. Vilmer picks of another suspecting victim with his trusty shotgun.       44 Leatherface, gives the chainsaw one quick swift swing and slices off a man's legs, as the victim tumbles to the He then runs over to another man -- who is trying to run back open -- he slides the  chainsaw (which is strapped) both of his hands on both of her shoulders. He gives her swift kick through the gaping hole in her ba ,which causes her stomach to explode, and leatherfaces' f He then lets her drop to the ground, putting his fee leg stuck leg out of the body,  removing the high heel he was All the victims have been slain, accept one -- a teenage girl, possibly early twenties. The runs like decapitated chicken -- in everywhich way but the killers. Vilmer takes the rifle to her arm, and blows it completel off -- only hanging by a flap of skin that used to cover elbow joint. She hit the ground -- falling to her knees. A look of disbelief on her face, maybe even denial. Like this is no Leatherface, roars up the chainsaw -- she doesn't move -- probably scared shitless at the time. He presses the chainsaw against her leg, and he starts to completely separated from the body. Then Vilmer takes the separated leg and rams it into her as he can. The impact hits her at such a force which causes her to Leatherface, presses the chainsaw through her neck, as  V shotgun repeatedly until he is completely out of shells. 45 They look around the barn -- enjoying their masterpiece
24) 2) dialog: Yeaht... I'll have'ta give you that one. (laughs) We tore them motherfuckers up -- DIDN'T WE!
24) 5) dialog: C'mon, let's go get cleaned up and carve up those two beautiful women -- shall we?
24) 7) dialog: Honey (hand on cheek) After what you did today... There's no doubt in my mind. You will not go unrewarded tonight. Vilmer gives Leatherface a huge affectionate hug, and  kisses him.
24) 9) dialog: I know, son, I know -- I love you too. 46 The two exit the barn, Leatherface's arm around Vilmer's shoulder.
26) 0) text: Leatherface is now in normal attire, her has the two girl by the neck in the dark.
26) 1) dialog: I've been nice before, now it's time to get to it. You white-trash whores say a fuck- -ing word, make so much as a fucking sound -- I'll will  torture you -- all night long  if I have to -- Do you understand? The two nod their heads. 48 Leatherface walks into the living room, then into the  ki
26) 4) dialog: Hi, how you doin'. Let's go into the living room, and get aquatinted. (to Vilmer) Vilmer, you put the coffee on.
27) 11) dialog: I'm going to go check on the coffee, I'll be right back. Leatherface goes into the kitchen, Finch pops her head ba out, mouthing the words " Help Us". Ashe looks frightened and concerned, and he nods his head He mouths the words " okay"
27) 13) dialog: Sure, knock yourself out. Ashe gets up and heads toward the bathroom in the hall. He opens the bathroom door up and looks back into the living room. He motions for the girls to get inside the bathroom They do so. INT. HOUSE (BATHROOM) - NIGHT. He locks the door behind them.
28) 0) text: Leatherface drags her through the living room, still  scr
28) 1) dialog: I thought I told you not to move? I thought I told you not to move a fucking muscle! You bitch! For the first time Finch seems utterly terrified.
29) 0) text: The room is covered, with blood, dry and fresh -- the ent room is a blood red, with limbs of dead people, and dead around the corners of the floor. Hooks hand all over the ceiling, along with chains, holdi chunks of left over on them. Leatherface drags Finch in, painting her back a blood red He pulls her up and ties her up on a hook.   52 Tears in her eyes, utterly terrified.
29) 1) dialog: You've been a good girl -- for the most part -- I'll give you your quick death. He pulls out a gun and shoots her -- she takes a deep, qu gasp of air in, then drops -- exhaling -- hanging limp. Leatherface exits. We STAY ON FINCH, hanging dead.
30) 0) text: Leatherface, Vilmer, Jefferson, and Bones are in the kitc talking.
30) 1) dialog: What do we have gentlemen?
30) 6) dialog: She wouldn't talk -- She's dead. 53
30) 10) dialog: Jefferson, I think it's time for you to go back to work. Take her into custody. Take Vilmer with you.
38) 0) text: We're in the same cellar as last time, but Finch is nowhe Leatherface and Jefferson drag her into the Cellar and ha her by her cuffs, on a meathook.
38) 1) dialog: D'you tell Vilmer to secure the area.
38) 3) dialog: Where's Bones?
38) 5) dialog: Good enough. Leatherface starts to unbutton her shirt, exposing her  s He sets his chainsaw down in the corner by the door.
38) 6) dialog: Hand me the scalpel, please. Jefferson hands him the scalpel.
38) 7) dialog: And a meathook. Jefferson hands him a meathook.
38) 9) dialog: Thank ya s'much. (to Kate) I've had to put up with alot of shit from you. He takes the meathook and gives it an underhand swing -- right up her gut -- she vomits blood. Then with his left hand, slits her throat with the scalpe Kate slumps over dead -- spilling a ton of blood on the Finch limps into the Cellar,unoticed; holding her hurt  s
38) 10) dialog: (to Jefferson) Let's skin this bitch'n go to bed.
38) 14) dialog: You win. She rams the chainsaw through face -- the chainsaw -- stu inside if his face, while still buzzing -- He too falls t his death on the bloody floor. The chainsaw, which is still buzzing is making Leatherfac head spurt out a gallon of blood a second. She wipes her face, which is covered in blood, and exits
41) 0) text: Vilmer walks in, and the expression on his face SHIFTS from HAPPY to a SAD/UPSET which causes him to kneel down  by his brothers -- Kate's through, and stomach still pour blood to the floor. His jaws tremble and shake, as if he were to cry but is trying to hold his jaw from shivering -- not working. His eyes turns a dark red, and finally lets it out. He looks at Leatherface, with the chainsaw implanted in his head, he tries to pull it out, but has no luck. Which only makes him cry harder. He looks up and yells a hellish, LOUD CRY
41) 5) text: Like a butcher shop almost, but much, much worse. He drags Leatherface into the back of the place, and pulls him up on a cutting table. Vilmer takes his jacket off, and rolls up his sleeves.
42) 1) text: Leatherface is completely stripped, with a towel over his LOWER AREA, while Vilmer begins to cut off his skin. He walks around to where his feet are, spreads them, and sheet with a scalpel in hand. We hear him cutting -- then almost like the sound of a gunshot -- All of the skin on Leatherfaces naked body snaps loose. Vilmer come up from under the sheet, with a bloody scalpe his face.
43) 0) text: Vilmer, in boxers and a t-shirt, putting on Leatherface's skin. Then we FADE TO: Vilmer in the Bedroom still, now he has all of Leatherfaces skin on, accept for Leatherfac facial skin -- and is wearing Leatherface's black Leather pants, and a white shirt -- straightening the black tie t match. He grabs the long leather coat, and puts it on. Then he walks over to the closet, and opens it. There before us, is a huge selection of different Leather-skinned masks. He picks one: The mask itself is crude, as if the face, in which it  or it. He walked back over to the mirror and put it on. He harnessed his shotgun over his shoulders and held the hands. He leaves us in an empty bedroom.
46) 0) text: Vilmer, in his Leatherface mask, slides on some high-tech looking goggles. They look somewhat like night-vision  go