15) 0) text: WE HEAR the faint sound of Ryan's playing from the house. HIBBING GOODHUE, handsome, mustached tycoon, dressed in formal wear, a successful British businessman, sips his t Looks out to sea. A storm is brewing on the horizon. Seal swim off in the surf, lie on the rocks. But there's somet else about this stretch of water. He consults a map. He's discovered a secret. He looks through a pair of binocular We see an image reflected in the lens, a small sub rises of the water. Hibbing lowers the binoculars. He heads bac the house.
16) 0) text: Hibbing is riding it up to the house. The music becoming louder. He crumples Ryan's concert tickets. Faint THUNDER
17) 0) text: Hibbing is annoyed by the music. He turns the radio stati
17) 5) dialog: You've deceived me, haven't you my dear? The murder of the plastic surgeon meant nothing to me. He deserved it. But you never loved me. I was just being used for my status and connections. You're going to kill the UN Secretary General, the assassin is coming off a sub out there on my quiet shoreline. But you're not going to get away with it. The radio is cranked up loud, louder. HIBBING (Cont'd) Turn that damnable radio off!
19) 0) text: Hibbing is shot again. Again and again. Shot some more. B bang, bang, bang, bang...he staggers. His glass is leakin from multiple gunshot holes. At the bar he gets a box of Johnson & Johnson band-aid strips. He is about to open th when he is hit with very rapid single fire. He slumps aga the bar. More shots as if from an automatic weapon. He le on a chair. It's on wheels. He slides across the floor. M shots. Turns and slides the other way. More shots. Slides back again. Finally the bullets run out. We hear the firi pin, “click, click". Boy is he relieved. He takes a cork a bottle and plugs up a bullet hole. A beat. Then he's hi a succession of arrows. He drops to his knee. After a bea huge cartoon-like sledgehammer raps him on the head. He d to the floor. c/uU SNOW A blizzard?
19) 5) dialog: (hoarse whisper) Rosebud.
19) 7) dialog: The snow globe falls from his grasp.
25) 11) dialog: We meet LAUREN GOODHUE, the raven-haired, sexually charge wife of Hibbing. They chat with guests.
25) 13) dialog: We've been in constant touch since our days at Ticklewood Upon Buttocks. Lauren spots Ryan.
25) 23) dialog: Mr Harrison. After the party, we'll make music. 259 He makes a point of x calculated gesture, She is crushed.
26) 0) text: Ryan playing his violin. Hibbing accompanies on the piano runs down the keys, and the keyboard is very long, really long, will it ever end? As Ryan plays, he sees Lauren, lovely, sensual. During a piano solo, Ryan emphases the m by whipping his bow in the air, "Whoop, whoop". The whipp movement makes Lauren tingly. She takes a cigar from an ornate cigar box. Rolis it in her fingers. Then over her thighs. Now starts to lick the tip suggestively. Ryan bec a bit aroused. He is standing behind an end table, the dr slowly starts to open. He watches carefully as she bites the tip of the cigar. Aw, Ryan can feel that in his happy zone. The drawer quickly closes. She loves the effect she had on him, she smiles coyly, tobacco in her teeth.
26) 13) dialog: Ryan, just a moment. When you've been in the porta-potty e game as long as I have, you can always smell a winner. He's mixed cocktails, with little umbrellas in them. HIBBING (Cont'd) It appears my wife was right, we have ourselves a musical protégé. He hands drinks to Lauren and an overjoyed Ryan, who is shaking a wastebasket from his foot, Lauren takes Ryan's drink from him.
26) 16) dialog: I think this deserves a kiss don’t you? Ryan puckers up. Quickly realizes the kiss is meant for M Goodhue. He unpuckers. Hibbing takes one step toward her she wants nothing to do with him, she quickly hoids up 4 of luggage. A plane ticket in her mouth.
27) 0) text: Lauren and Ryan wave as Hibbing drives off. Lauren turns Ryan. She's hot for this guy.
36) 13) text: The body bag containing Hibbing Goodhue is zipped up. Revealing it‘s an Armani garment bag. Lauren falls apart, consoled by Marcie.
101) 5) text: She hangs up. Ryan pops cut the rape. Grasps it My God! She killed Hibbing! He does the classic heartsick over Beroman and slamming his fist on the table from "Casablanca".