24) 1) dialog: {troubled} Ryan darling, Hibbing knows about us. He's angry. He's left the city. I desperately need to see you. I'm frightened. And I'm out of milk. Can you pick up a half gallon? He locks on his dashboard where an 8x10 of Lauren Goodhue sits. It’s signed, "Yours in adultery, Lauren." Ryan thin back:
25) 11) dialog: We meet LAUREN GOODHUE, the raven-haired, sexually charge wife of Hibbing. They chat with guests.
25) 22) dialog: My husband, Hibbing Goodhue.
26) 0) text: Ryan playing his violin. Hibbing accompanies on the piano runs down the keys, and the keyboard is very long, really long, will it ever end? As Ryan plays, he sees Lauren, lovely, sensual. During a piano solo, Ryan emphases the m by whipping his bow in the air, "Whoop, whoop". The whipp movement makes Lauren tingly. She takes a cigar from an ornate cigar box. Rolis it in her fingers. Then over her thighs. Now starts to lick the tip suggestively. Ryan bec a bit aroused. He is standing behind an end table, the dr slowly starts to open. He watches carefully as she bites the tip of the cigar. Aw, Ryan can feel that in his happy zone. The drawer quickly closes. She loves the effect she had on him, she smiles coyly, tobacco in her teeth.
26) 3) dialog: Cranks a wheel, which has rubber hands attached to it, | wearing white gloves. They slap, more like a baseball car the spokes sound, against a stationary hand, ‘clap clap clap”. :
26) 4) dialog: I felt every finger movement. Hibbing, what do you think? She hands her husband the cigar. Hibbing seems uninterest He picks up his brandy snifter, fish swim in it, walks _t bar. His back now to us. Ryan's sense of it is he has fai
26) 6) dialog: Hibbing and I have only been married for two months. I'm afraid I can't read his moods.
26) 10) dialog: Ryan...
26) 14) dialog: Ryan wants a real man’s drink. Lauren removes flowers from a vase. LAUREN (Cont‘d) Congratulations. She pours a bottle of vodka in the vase. Opens and sticks actual umbrella in the vase. e LAUREN (Cont ‘dl 22 Zr hope y Bottoms uw be.
26) 17) dialog: Don't miss your flight.
27) 0) text: Lauren and Ryan wave as Hibbing drives off. Lauren turns Ryan. She's hot for this guy.
27) 2) dialog: A simple handshake will do. He goes to shake her hand. She takes it, sensually licks “ between his fingers.
27) 4) dialog: So soft. Yet so powerful. They could crush me like a Marine in heat. He removes his hands. She wants to kiss. He'd love to, bu pulls back.
27) 6) dialog: I'm wearing a thin skirt, let me cool that seat off for you.
28) 0) text: Ryan takes off the "bear trap" device ala "The Club" from steering wheel. Lauren gets in next to him. Kisses nim. H tongue actually comes out his ear.
28) 1) dialog: That's some kiss.
28) 4) dialog: You don't know what you're missing. I used to lick envelopes for a living. Those long manila ones. As Lauren slides out of the car, the envelope imagery siz in Ryan's key erogenous zone, we see the car antenna slow rising.
28) 5) dialog: Walking toward the house. Ryan's hand gently rests on. he shoulder. She knew he couldn‘t let her go.
28) 8) dialog: (near orgasm) Oh... They kiss. Camera does a 360 around them, and around them che cameraman gets dizzy, staggers, leans over, places do bucket. As the camera is held from his face, and shooting and Ryan and Lauren's feet, we HEAR him VOMITING.
29) 1) dialog: Lauren or Hibbing aren't in. Please leave a message. BEEP.
34) 4) dialog: Marcie, call the police!
36) 10) dialog: {tearful} Ryan and I were having sex for months. Hot, steamy, sweaty sex. Every part of my body. tingled. Orgasm after orgasm...
36) 12) dialog: Oh, Lauren Marie Goodhue, Mrs. Hibbing Goodhue. I was weak to Ryan's charms. He wanted me to leave Hibbing... .he said he 23 would dream |
36) 13) text: The body bag containing Hibbing Goodhue is zipped up. Revealing it‘s an Armani garment bag. Lauren falls apart, consoled by Marcie.
36) 14) dialog: Why, why? Now I'm going to have to start dating again. Lauren bursts into tears.
74) 5) dialog: Slips into a red wig. She looks beautiful, and deadiy. In micro-second she assembles her automatic weapon, loads, a cocks the bolt. A stove timer goes off “ding". She turns the stove and, oh so Martha Stewart, bastes beautifully prepared cornish game hens. What a woman! Sean reaches fo bird leg. Lauren snaps back to the hardened terrorist, an butts him with her weapon. He fails out of frame.
104) 1) text: Lauren's car pulls up. Lauren is surprised to see Cass.
104) 2) dialog: 69 What does Ryan know?
104) 4) dialog: He was with you, right? = called Fergus Falls using your name, but he keeps escaping. If he gets smart, he can identify my past. (to Sean) Harrison is over there. Sean spots Ryan. Pulls a knife from a compartment in the leg. Stalks Ryan.
106) 3) text: Sean joins Lauren and Cass. They drive off.
114) 0) text: Ryan cautiously looking around. He feels someone sneaking behind him. Corner of his eye he catches a black hood. He plays it cool, then whirls around, socks the man in the f What looks like a man in a black hood is actually a seal. seal responds to the punch, flops over. Ryan sees Lauren the pocl deck, using an amber light to signal out to sea. She's taking the tram down. to the shoreline. Ryan sees t boat house. He enters.
115) 2) dialog: Enters. Snaps on a switch. Joins Sean and Cass..
115) 12) dialog: As much as E'd like to kill Ryan myself, I agree. It will throw everyone off our trail. (she checks her watch) Sean, the sub. Sean gets in the Zodiac. Lauren steps outside to watch. C runs and picks the clothes off the gears.
119) 0) text: Sean, Lauren, Cass and the terrorists HEAR the HUGE EXPLOSION, and see the shock waves blow through the opene window, with the reddish hue of the explosion.
119) 3) dialog: “This place will be crawling with police. Out! Everyone grabs their gear and hustles out. Cass has a smu smile on her face.
120) 11) text: INT. LAUREN’S VAN Lauren and Cass park among news vans. "WCCO" on the side blend in. They see Fergus, Orono and Bagley pull up. Laur is concerned.
121) 0) text: She starts it up. Cass takes the keys. Runs out. Lauren shoots and misses her.
121) 4) dialog: Pulls a news crewman from his van. Hops in. Drives at Fer Orone and Bagley. They dive out of the way. She picks up Sean. They drive off.
122) 2) dialog: Shut up! Into her walkie-talkie:
122) 3) dialog: Ducklings, plan "B" a ga. "B" a goi”
123) 0) text: Ryan's van driving fast. We see Lauren give up the pursui She takes off down an alley.
126) 0) text: Lauren, empty stinger in hand, and the terrorists rain automatic weapon fire at Ryan.
129) 1) dialog: Readies another stinger.
131) 0) text: Lauren and terrorists send a horrific barrage of fire.
133) 0) text: Lauren calling down to Ryan.
133) 1) dialog: This is the end, Ryan! Sean readies a stinger.
134) 5) dialog: You're so naive. So gullible. Do you know how stupid you are? 85
134) 7) dialog: No one but you could be framed for two crimes. You are such a fool.
134) 9) dialog: Die! Ryan lays on top of Cass and everyone to protect them. Th we hear gunfire. But ne bullets are coming Ryan's way. He looks up.