20) 0) text: Ryan plays brilliantly. The music is soft, sweet, romanti sad, so damn sad. We HEAR SOBBING from the audience and orchestra. Ryan too is overtaken by emotion. His chin quivers, tears start te rell down his cheek, they fail on the violin strings, causing the strings to vibrate with a "plink, plink". It came at the perfect time in the music selection.
59) 0) text: A tired, sweaty, thirsty Ryan, jacket now on, approaches. He's trying to pull himself together. He calls out to the station owner, ROMAN, who is working on the engine of a c
59) 2) dialog: {nods to pump area} Right over there.
59) 4) text: Adding a can of oil to the car. We HEAR a RUSH OF AIR fil what seems to be a huge balloon. Curious, Roman turns to
59) 6) dialog: (never saw this before) That's the air hose. Ryan pulls the hose from his mouth. As he does, the air escapes, with that deflating balloon sound, his lips flapping, “Pppppppp". Roman sees this is a really strange guy. . A police squad car is driving down the street. Ryan enter Roman's to duck out of sight.
60) 2) dialog: (jibe to Fred} Still fishing off Gray's Bay? (snickers)
60) 4) dialog: After how many beers? Ryan finds this very interesting.
60) 8) dialog: T've never seen you in Columbia Heights before, Mr...? Ryan looks past him to the corkhoard. We see a few of the brand names he starts ticking off for his story.
60) 10) text: Roman glances at the strange looking anted" poster. RYAN (Cont'd) Couple of husky jerks brought me to Spoon Plug, South Dakota, near Timberdoodle. Zebco brothers, Smitlick and Fat Cat. The Swiss and baby lunker they call them, real jitterbugs. I just remembered I can‘t go fishing today. I have a big meeting in Menzrum. (pronounces mens room: "menzrum* I'd forget my genitals if they weren't superglued between my legs. {explaining} Water-skiing accident. He starts to leave. Roman pulls a gun.
60) 11) dialog: Don't move, Harrison! Ryan is about to raise his hands when Roman pushes him as Roman's gun is trained on:
60) 14) text: As he dials 911 his eyes focus on a corkboard, and as in "The Usual Suspects", it hoids Ryan’s story. Names of lur rods, bit and tackle: Waxworms, Euro Larvae, Floating Rap Husky Jerks, Spoon Plug, Timberdoodle, Zebco, Smitlick, F Cat, Swiss Lunker, Baby Lunker, Jitterbugs, and Mens Room which Ryan pronounced “"Menzrum‘. Roman drops his coffee cup in slow motion. Tt crashes to floor. He's been handed a story.
101) 5) text: She hangs up. Ryan pops cut the rape. Grasps it My God! She killed Hibbing! He does the classic heartsick over Beroman and slamming his fist on the table from "Casablanca".