4) 2) dialog: (frightened) Aw!
5) 0) text: Ryan locking into the mirror at himself.
5) 1) dialog: This is the best face you got?
5) 5) dialog: L'il go with the pills.
5) 8) dialog: "Ryan Jack Harrison”.
5) 11) dialog: Whe did this to you?
5) 18) dialog: Murder! I'11 be to blame for another crime I haven't committed. What to do? Where to go? Ryan's feet walking mile after mile of sidewalk, up stair down stairs, circular stairs, trying to walk up an escala All the while pages are falling off a daily calendar. We start in July. We eventually reach July 32nd. A motorcycle cop looks his way.
5) 19) dialog: A cop. Be safe Ryan. Don't draw any attention to yourself. Ryan acts casual and stands behind an outdoor fruit stand His positioning makes it look like the banana and pears a his exposed genitalia. No one can help but stare at him.
5) 20) dialog: Everyone's staring. Quick, lose yourself in a crowd, blend in. Ryan is morphed into footage of the Million Man March cro As the crowd listens to Farakan, Ryan looks over his shou for the cop. All heads turn to this one shiny white face the middle of the crowd.
5) 21) dialog: You have to get off the streets. Wait, steady man, this is a new face. No one knows you. Find work. Start a new life. “Help Wanted" sign after “Help Wanted" sign are plucked f windows, one is in Hebrew, another "Help Wanted" sign is the window of the "Help Wanted Sign Store’.
5) 22) text: Ryan takes a "EB ip Wanted" s @ window of the pressive “Columbia Heights Hall".
6) 0) text: Ryan assists the percussionist tighten the timpani skin.
6) 1) dialog: That's right Ryan, lose yourself in the meticulous care of each instrumenc. Life is starting anew. Ryan tightens, straining hard to draw it very taut. There The percussionist strikes the timpani with his mallet. Ry tightened it too tight, "“boing!". The mallet bounces bac with great force, hitting the percussionist in the face. Ryan is sharpening the conductor's baton in a pencil sharpener. Ryan carrying a harp. He doesn't realize it's too big for doorway opening. It jams in the door. Ryan keeps walking the strings, “sproing’”, he's shot backwards out of frame Sound of a mechanic at work, hammering, drilling: "*Clang Weez weez! Crank". Ryan in greasy overalls, slides from u a piano on a crawler. Lifts the piano top, coils a hinge, in the process clipping Mr "Shine" himself, DAVID HELFGOT smoking, shirtless, wearing long coat, walkman in ear, an wearing headphones, acting very hyper, on the chin. He fa into the piano. Ryan drops the piano top back down, leavi Helfgott entombed. Emptying trash from after a rehearsal. He sees a violin i trash can. He reverently picks it up. It feels right, it feels so natural. "Wonder Boy" is wood-burned on the back He picks up a bow.
6) 2) dialog: You studied violin as a boy. You played in the prison orchestra. It kept you sane.
6) 4) dialog: You must play. It‘s in your blood. It's your destiny. But will it give you away?
6) 5) text: Ryan cradles the vio 24S he readies to play.
6) 9) dialog: I'm afraid you can't make a sow from a pig’s ear.
7) 0) text: both have huge coffee cups. They chat. the Fall", parasol in Cass's hand. Ryan, sh, tips the brim of his cowboy hat, 4 lot of water splashes up from the brim, more than is physically possible.
8) 0) text: Cass sits on a pool chair. Ryan applies suntan lotion, a more comes squirting out than he anticipated. He rubs it her back, it runs all over. She leans back in the chair, due to the greased-up back, she slips off the chair, and a hillside.
9) 0) text: Ryan and Cass enter. She is all over him. Kissing, workin her way down his chest, then out of frame. We can only imagine what she is doing as he reacts in total ecstasy, flailing his arms, pounding his fist on the wall, banging head.
10) 0) text: Cass's back to Ryan, she takes off her blouse. He umhooks bra. Like a slingshot it shoots off of her, 0.c. "twoing" bounces off a far wall. They duck as it comes at their he and lands with the SOUND of an 0.C. lamp CRASHING to the floor.
11) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES OVER THE FLOOR, an empty champagne bottle, o bottle of "Yoo Hoo" and two glasses, clothes on floor. hi and hers, his shirt, her underwear torn to shreds, his sh are ripped in half, ail laying on a Twister game mat - _O the foot of the bed, where we encounter a series of iit r flares. We come upon Ryan with Cass in his arms.
12) 0) text: Cass is gently laid down, Ryan on top of her. She nurns o on top of him. In a very gymnastic move, he, while holdin
12) 8) dialog: Passionate, very physical love making, the bed is rocking climax, air bags deploy from the headboard. They are both ecstasy. They now lay side-by-side.
12) 10) dialog: You mean so much to me, you're that sister I never had. I haven't had a lot of kindness in my life. She starts to cry.
12) 12) dialog: (sad) Weil...I don't know what to say. Thank you for getting me the audition.
12) 15) dialog: thurt} Sure, why buy the bul the milk is free. Th new for me. But why m averyone's toy boy. Meat on the hook. King Salami. Tonight's fallacio du jour. (near tears)
14) 1) dialog: A confidant, mature,-debonair Ryan. He's playing flawless It's so obvious the hands do not belong to our actor. He plays so vigorously that he jabs his bow into the eye of fellow orchestra member, “Awi". Then an angle reveals sev musicians behind Ryan are wearing an eye patch. One woman in a football helmet with dark visor.
14) 3) dialog: Tt's her! He's not happy to see her. it affects him, he
14) 5) text: Up and into the orchestra. Without missing a beat. Ryan t another bow from a quiver on his back, doesn't miss a not He's back to total concentration.
14) 7) dialog: Playing. We see Cass leaving. In the f.g. the percussioni with Ryan's bow lodged in his chest, staggers by camera.
14) 8) dialog: His hair, and a huge amount of hair, is flopping to and f as he plays. He sees a rather upset Cass exit the theater
15) 0) text: WE HEAR the faint sound of Ryan's playing from the house. HIBBING GOODHUE, handsome, mustached tycoon, dressed in formal wear, a successful British businessman, sips his t Looks out to sea. A storm is brewing on the horizon. Seal swim off in the surf, lie on the rocks. But there's somet else about this stretch of water. He consults a map. He's discovered a secret. He looks through a pair of binocular We see an image reflected in the lens, a small sub rises of the water. Hibbing lowers the binoculars. He heads bac the house.
16) 0) text: Hibbing is riding it up to the house. The music becoming louder. He crumples Ryan's concert tickets. Faint THUNDER
18) 0) text: A dark figure, SEAN LAUGHREA, craggy faced, powerfully bu lands ashore in a Zodiac. WE HEAR the faint sound of the Goodhue's RADIO and Ryan‘’s concert, and a GUNSHOT. The d figure pulls a long knife from his sheath. His move bring tiny “squeak" frem his elbow. He speaks into a headset.
20) 0) text: Ryan plays brilliantly. The music is soft, sweet, romanti sad, so damn sad. We HEAR SOBBING from the audience and orchestra. Ryan too is overtaken by emotion. His chin quivers, tears start te rell down his cheek, they fail on the violin strings, causing the strings to vibrate with a "plink, plink". It came at the perfect time in the music selection.
23) 0) text: The applause still brings down the house. Ryan comes off stage, he has a towel around his neck. Famous boxing corn men, LOU DUVA and BURGES MEREDITH as his “Rocky” characte carrying water and a stool, accompany him. He passes by a scene from “The Godfather II", the white suited local maf don, FANUCCI, has the theater owner's daughter at knife point, her father pleading for her life. Fanucci takes ti to congratulate Ryan, "Bravo". But Ryan has something on mind. He approaches HARRY, the old Stage Manager, who is cleaning out his pipe.
23) 1) dialog: You're Harry, right?
23) 3) dialog: There's a message for me from Mrs. Goodhue, Harry hands him a note.
24) 0) text: A concerned Ryan driving.
25) 3) text: An immocent, naive Ryan, in @ worn suit and shoes, He car a@ beat up violin case. Wearing glasses, conservative, shortish hairstyle, he drinks a beer from a mug. Finished sets the mug on a tray, the weight causes the tray to fal out of the hands of the waiter, dumping the contents on t lap cf a socialite.
25) 6) dialog: I've already forgotten our afternoon of love making and you dumping me and breaking my heart because you love someone else. Trying to get him to forgive her.
25) 8) dialog: I haven't played since che ‘92 Glympics. He picks up a mallet, tests it. His backswing knocks over table, startling the party geers. The mallet head is ; loosened, he swings forward, it flies off and hits a man the head, he drops like a rock. Ryan rests the mallet on Shoulder, kKlunking a man in the back of his head, ne’sS coid. Cass has finisned another shot.
25) 9) text: Ryan walks to the ball. On the way he gets a number of wickets stuck around his ankles.
25) 15) dialog: Now the wickets are entangled around his hands. As Lauren @ approaches, we see the coldness between Cass and Lauren Shaking hands. Hibbing approaches. Cass smi
25) 17) dialog: Mrs Goodhue. Lauren.
25) 18) dialog: Ah, no, Ryan.
25) 26) text: In the process of satting down his mallet, Ryan rams it i the crotch cf a member of the Arab Consulate. The ABAB DIPLOMAT folds in pain and drops to his knees.
25) 28) dialog: {to Lauren) Muslim prayers.
26) 0) text: Ryan playing his violin. Hibbing accompanies on the piano runs down the keys, and the keyboard is very long, really long, will it ever end? As Ryan plays, he sees Lauren, lovely, sensual. During a piano solo, Ryan emphases the m by whipping his bow in the air, "Whoop, whoop". The whipp movement makes Lauren tingly. She takes a cigar from an ornate cigar box. Rolis it in her fingers. Then over her thighs. Now starts to lick the tip suggestively. Ryan bec a bit aroused. He is standing behind an end table, the dr slowly starts to open. He watches carefully as she bites the tip of the cigar. Aw, Ryan can feel that in his happy zone. The drawer quickly closes. She loves the effect she had on him, she smiles coyly, tobacco in her teeth.
26) 2) dialog: Finishes the audition to nice applause.
26) 9) dialog: No need to apologize. (heartbroken) I...I'1l be going. Thank you for your time. He opens his violin case, he takes out a London Fog coat, hat, and rain boots. Puts his violin inside.
26) 11) dialog: Don't bother. I'll show myself out. Good day. He walks off. We HEAR a series of 0.C. CRASHING SOUNDS an GLASS BREAKING.
27) 0) text: Lauren and Ryan wave as Hibbing drives off. Lauren turns Ryan. She's hot for this guy.
27) 1) dialog: Will I be signing 2 contract?
27) 3) dialog: I spilled a root beer. She cradles his hands.
27) 5) dialog: Please, no. My head is spinning like a dreidel ina sandstorm. I should go. It's hot out, and the leather seats are burning up. He gets in his convertible. 23
28) 0) text: Ryan takes off the "bear trap" device ala "The Club" from steering wheel. Lauren gets in next to him. Kisses nim. H tongue actually comes out his ear.
28) 2) dialog: I won a contest in the army. He opens the car door. He can't go on.
28) 3) dialog: You're a married woman, and I'm not.
28) 6) dialog: He’s fifteen feet away, that's one long arm. She runs int his arms. .
28) 7) dialog: This.is so wrong. But it feels so right. They kiss. RYAN (Cont'd) (a sensual whisper} i'm not wearing any underwear.
29) 0) text: Ryan driving. He's on his car phone. As he drives, the co gets tangled in the steering wheel.
29) 2) dialog: it's Ryan, I got your note. I'm minutes away. The phone cord is hopelessly caught on the wheel. He just lets it hang.
31) 0) text: Ryan drives up. Cell phone wrapped around end dangling fr the wheel. He exits the car, his coat draped over his shoulders, very continental, and wearing a hat befitting true musical maestro and carrying his violin case. He not only one light on in the house. He doesn't notice a shado figure hurry by the window as he heads around the back of house.
32) 0) text: Ryan finds the door is ajar.
32) 1) dialog: Hellc? No one in sight. He enters. The WINDCHIMES TINKLE im che breeze. A crash of LIGHTNING and THUNDER as he enters.
33) 1) dialog: 
33) 2) dialog: Darling?
33) 3) text: Sean jumps him from behind. For a moment Ryan feels good his arms:
33) 4) dialog: Mm, it feels good. But we can't live like this anymore. He soon realizes it’s an intruder. A struggle ensues. The with "Hylander" falls from Sean's hand. Ryan sees it floa into the lit fireplace.
33) 8) text: Ryan is startled. Jumps to his feer. Sean snatches his le back, Throws a cushion at Ryan who struggles with it migh as Sean hops away. Ryan n@lly throws off the cushion, get to his feer. Catches up with Sean.
33) 11) text: Has hastily put his leg and amm back o nowever...che arm where the leg should be and the leg is jammed into his shoulder. It looks dumb. Ryan punches him in the face, an eye, attached to a spring, falls from Sean's head. Ryan thinks he has the upper hand until ne is hit on the head behind with a fireplace shovel, ‘twang! “ He falls to the ground. He starts to stir when a coffee table is tipped o on him. Sean starts to rearrange his parts. He speaks to person 0.C.
33) 15) dialog: Out cold. His image outline is visible ala Hans Solo‘s encased in carbonite.
34) 0) text: We HEAR a KEY TURNING in the door. (The following events occur at a quick clip). The housekeeper, MARCIE, enters. Before she can close the door, she is startled, she puts hand to her mouth in the classic ‘woman screaming" mode, lets out a bloodcurdling scream. The room is ransacked. T bodies on the floor, ‘the dead Goodhue, and the uncomscio Ryan. She HEARS a bigger and more bloodcurdling SCREAM.
35) 0) text: Ryan lays on the floor. He starts to come to. Goodhue's b lays beside him. A vulture sits nearby.
35) 2) dialog: I feel dizzy.
36) 0) text: Orono and a paramedic escort Ryan from the home. He's bee taken into custody by the confident, precise, all busines PERGUS FALLS. He has a slight Southern lilt to his voice.
36) 8) dialog: Fifty microphones come out of nowhere, left, right, from under frame, from the top of frame, of all types and size including a vintage 30's radio-type microphone, several b microphones, and one large turkey leg. All are thrust at all hit him in the head, "thumb, bump, boop", he drops ou sight. The cops help him to his feet and walk him through this gauntlet. The one question shouted out time and time again is, "Why did you murder Hibbing Goodhue?" Ryan iS _ confused, scared. Fergus and the cops get Ryan through th mob. -
36) 16) dialog: You have to believe me. I've been wrongfully accused.
37) 1) text: Ryan, scared, hands cuffed, along with other prisoners, marched cto @ prison bus.
38) 0) text: Ryan puts the correct fare in the meter. Goes to his seat The bus drives off.
39) 0) text: ~ Ryan in a deep funk. Stuck onto the window is a bouncin Garfield dressed in prison clothes.
40) 0) dialog: How can this be happening? Wait! A ray of hope? ANGLE ~ RYAN‘’S POV OF "McCARTY HOSPITAL" A blinking sign reads: "We Specialize in Artificial Limbs Another sign: “Lose Two Limbs, Get One Free!“.
40) 2) dialog: The one-armed, one-legged. one-eyed man!
40) 6) dialog: (trying to reason} iowas set up by Lauren. Just like that time I was arrested for smuggling cocaine into Columbia. Don't you see that?
40) 8) dialog: How dare you, sir.
40) 10) dialog: No, how dare you.
40) 12) dialog: How dare you "no, no".
40) 14) dialog: How dare you how dare me when I how dare you. The Guard is about to clunk Ryan on the head.
44) 0) text: Last roll, the dust settles. Ryan, wearing a seatbelt, is sitting in his seat, hanging upside down. After a beat, h undoes the belt. He forgot about this gravity thing. He f head-first te the ground.
45) 3) dialog: Unlocks his handcuffs. Lots of locks on each cuff. One cu is kept on by one of those slide bolt and chain door lock He's finally free of his chains. As he bends down to help victims, something out the window catches his eye, a LIGH off in the distance, he thinks nothing of it. He unties l that have been French-braided together. Then he remembers Light. He springs to his feer. The light has gotten close and he HEARS a TRAIN WHISTLE.
45) 4) dialog: (familiar, but what is that sound?) Woo woo? 33
50) 0) text: Ryan jumps free just as:
54) 0) text: Ryan leaps onto the road. The train right behind him. At railroad crossing, he runs along the tracks.
56) 1) dialog: Looking into the glare of the train light. We HEAR the hy DINGING of a close-by crossing gate.
56) 2) dialog: Just as it approaches him, it takes a turn.
56) 4) dialog: Relieved, tired, safe at last. He starts to laugh. He bea the train. And he's free! As the laugh builds, from out o nowhere the crossing: gate comes down, hitting him om the head. Laughs stop. He drops like a rock.
57) 8) text: Cass seems relieved to hear Ryan is free. She heads for h car.
58) 0) text: Ryan running through a series of backyards, plucks clothe off a clothesline. Grabs an apple from a tree. While runn he's eating the apple and changing his clothes. Hopping o of his pants. Hopping inte another pair. While pulling 4 shirt over his head, he loses sight of where he is and ba into a tree. We get a look at his stclen clothes, a woman plouse and a pair of jeans a few inches too small im the waist. He quickly regains his senses. & dog comes at him, snarling, barking. Ryan jumps over a fence. Good. A man's
59) 0) text: A tired, sweaty, thirsty Ryan, jacket now on, approaches. He's trying to pull himself together. He calls out to the station owner, ROMAN, who is working on the engine of a c
59) 1) dialog: My car broke down a bit up the road. I’ma little thirsty, can I get some water out of your hose?
59) 3) dialog: Puts the hose in his mouth.
59) 5) dialog: Hose in his mouth, his cheeks puffed out to almost bursti
60) 0) text: Bait, live and artificial, lots of fishing gear, poles, e PRED is waiting to pay for a new lure. Ryan quickly looks over the poles. Tests the play in them. He whips the pole behind his head and brings it forward as if he's casting. line has caught onto poles, hip waders, lures, a sunglass display; they go whipping over his head and into the far wall. 38
60) 1) dialog: Has a good feel to ik.
60) 5) dialog: The night of the murder?
60) 7) dialog: I'll take this rod. I'll write a check. You have a pen? Roman warily hands him one. As he gives Fred his change, draws big, Buddy Holly glasses, a long ZZ Top beard, and blacks out a few teeth on the "Wanted" poster. He finishe Fred exits. Roman, drinking a cup of coffee, approaches.
60) 9) dialog: Waxworms. I was born elong the shores of the Eurc Larvae viver in Rapala. 35
60) 10) text: Roman glances at the strange looking anted" poster. RYAN (Cont'd) Couple of husky jerks brought me to Spoon Plug, South Dakota, near Timberdoodle. Zebco brothers, Smitlick and Fat Cat. The Swiss and baby lunker they call them, real jitterbugs. I just remembered I can‘t go fishing today. I have a big meeting in Menzrum. (pronounces mens room: "menzrum* I'd forget my genitals if they weren't superglued between my legs. {explaining} Water-skiing accident. He starts to leave. Roman pulls a gun.
60) 13) dialog: Quietly exits.
60) 14) text: As he dials 911 his eyes focus on a corkboard, and as in "The Usual Suspects", it hoids Ryan’s story. Names of lur rods, bit and tackle: Waxworms, Euro Larvae, Floating Rap Husky Jerks, Spoon Plug, Timberdoodle, Zebco, Smitlick, F Cat, Swiss Lunker, Baby Lunker, Jitterbugs, and Mens Room which Ryan pronounced “"Menzrum‘. Roman drops his coffee cup in slow motion. Tt crashes to floor. He's been handed a story.
61) 0) text: As a bus pulls away, Ryan cautiously approaches the house van, “Davey's Lawn Care" is parked, no lawn person im sig 48
61) 1) text: EAR the sound of MOWING from the shoreline lawn. makes sure mo one is watching. He peeks in a window. looks for a huge key, inside which conceals a small rac H takes the rock and throws ic through the door glass, unlo the door. Enters. Ryan
62) 0) text: Ryan looks around.
62) 2) dialog: Remembering the horror of it all.
62) 5) dialog: “Has no idea what the hell that flashback was about.
62) 7) dialog: From the fireplace he takes out fragments of a charred ma with the red circle spot.
62) 8) dialog: Submarine. And ‘the name Hylander. And that series of numbers. a noi a key in the door. Ryan hides.
62) 11) text: 4l He grabs her wrist. Ryan with a,
62) 12) dialog: Geshundteit.
62) 13) dialog: A key!
62) 15) dialog: Cut the French. You let yourself in.
62) 17) dialog: Friend? She's just the person I want to talk to. Your Popeil pasta maker is grinding out fettuccini laced with lies. I may be a pirate, a poet, a pawn and a king, I've been up, down, over and out, but I'm no chump. Why are you here?
62) 19) dialog: The killer always returns to the scene of the crime, that's what you're thinking, isn‘t it toots?
62) 21) dialog: Someone said it.
62) 26) dialog: That and a cup of coffes , get you a dime.
62) 29) dialog: I've let my guard down twice in my life. Twice bitten and a penny short. He covers our view of Cass. The actress leans around him awkwardly to be included in the shot. RYAN (Cont'd) All I had was a one way ticket to Palookaville, but then this oyster was at my feet. People stood, bravoed, they ovated. I was somebody, I was a contender. Now I got white flashes and bits of burned paper to clear my name.
62) 31) dialog: I've been Mr Doormat long enough. A woman has wiped her feet on me for the last time. And from where I'm standing, you're a woman, from your tips to the top of your head. And lady, this pooper scooper is through being stuck with all the crap. This petting zoo for chumps is closed for good. Stay away. This rooster doesn't crow for anyone. He exits. She quickly runs to the answering machine. Pops the tape.
64) 0) text: Fergus is looking in the trucks as Ryan, his back to us, wearing a “Davey's* jacket and cap, is working away with weedwhacker, Ryan works his way around the back of a fence, he cuts do each picket one by one, then a lamppost, a mailbox, a sta of flowers. He notices he's cut the tips of his shoes off The frayed leather exposes his socks.
65) 0) text: Ryan runs across the busy street.
65) 1) dialog: A truck sounds its horn, will he stop in time? Ryan lays down. The truck passes over him. He's unscathed. But 4 closely following street sweeper comes by and he gets cau up in the brushes. He twirls around from brush to brush. Finally the ordeal is over. He stands.
66) 0) text: Cass sees Fergus and his gang almost on top of Ryan, who too dizzy to run straight.
67) 0) text: Cass drives, purposely cutting Fergus, Bagley and Orono o They stop as she passes by. Fergus gets a quick look at t car. And now no Ryan.
69) 0) text: Fergus is holding his head, gun in hand. He's wearing his official police water-wings as he runs through the tunnel Splash, splash, splash. CAMERA IS LOCKED OFF. We have Fergus and Ryan running up down the tunnel, back and forth criss-crossing, always ju missing each other. A’ lot of splashing in the water. At point, Ryan slides down a tunnel, laying on his back, his arms folded, it's like a waterslide. He ends up at a wire off end of the tunnel that is piled high with debris. He tears off the fencing, freeing the jam up, a huge boulder rolls at him. Ryan runs, the boulder on his heels. He gra onto a root and swings as the boulder passes under him an rolls 0.C. to the SOUND cf HUGE BOWLING PINS being knocke down. Fergus hears this, runs.
69) 3) dialog: He's trapped.
69) 6) text: Gun trained on Ryan. reaches behind his belt, we expect handcuffs, but he pulls out a large pair of leg shackles, ball and chain.
69) 8) dialog: T've been wrongfully accused! It's the one-armed man. He could have been in a sub off Geodhue's shoreline. There was amap. The name Hylander...
69) 10) dialog: No... Fergus comes toward Ryan. Ryan fills with resolve.
69) 11) dialog: No...I‘'m not going back. Ryan turns around.
70) 0) text: Ryan inside the torrent of water which roars into che spillway. “
71) 0) text: There sits a Female Lifeguard ala “Baywatch”. The young, nubile beauty points cut into the river. Grabs her life b runs. We now do a shot-for~shot parody of the “Baywatch” opening. But add a lot more gratuitous butt, breast, and shots. Ryan is nowhere to he found.
75) 0) text: pe Ryan is wet, exhausted but free. Or is he? A car pulls © front of him, cutting him off. It's:
76) 1) text: 46 he throws open che door. Several maps all over the interi Ryan is startled. 2
77) 2) dialog: Really beat. Fish flopping up and down off his lap.
77) 3) dialog: I need someone to believe in, Cass. I need a friend. She kisses him.,He puts his arm around her. Water pours f the sleeve.
77) 4) dialog: Iocan’ tell your 1 tongue thi
79) 1) text: in the lock. Cass opens the door, Ryan s and bolts the door. Then he looks out the window. Pulls the shade. Pulls the shade on a second window. Pulls a shade over a landscape painting. Pulls 2 shade over the front door. He looks the place over paintings are framed around the room, mostly of wil lakes, landscapes.
80) 3) dialog: (frustrated) T can’t relax. I'm the hunted one. Every time I think I'm out, they pull me back in. No, I can't do this to you.
80) 7) dialog: To the cops there's no proof in this pudding. I'ma cornered badger, ‘il: live by my wits, I'll eat my young. I have to clear myself. I have to find the one-armed, one- legged, one-eyed man.
80) 9) dialog: This refers to a sub. Hylander...
80) 13) dialog: Jermaine Jackson's birthday?
80) 15) text: A whisp of heir hangs over her rehead. He gently oushes i off her forehead. A like lock of hair hangs from Ryan's h She brushes it back.
80) 16) dialog: I have to move on. Here's looking at you, kid. You're the thing dreams are made of. But me and women, we're like fire and water, flammable and wet. He kisses her on the forehead, leaving a big red lipstick mark. He enters the condo. She follows.
81) 0) text: Ryan collapses from exhaustion, he swoons. She grabs onto him.
82) 0) text: It's where Cass picked up Ryan. The squad car is parked nearby. Fergus, Bagley and Orono search the roadside.
83) 0) text: Ryan sleeping. Opened phone book on the nightstand. He wa as he hears a door quietly closing. Startled, he sits up. must have been Cass. He notices carved into the headboard “Ryan (heart) Cass*. He feels comfortable being here. He notices Cass left a change of clothes. And food is on a t Spaghetti, his favorite. He turns on the TV. He does the twisting in the spoon thing as he watches.
83) 4) dialog: "Artist?’...he's heard enough. Why wouldn't Cass turn him He's twisted the spaghetti around his fork, the whole pla of spaghetti. it's all the way up his arm. It's like a
83) 7) text: spaghetti mufi. He slices out < Or almost shut. He opens it. Cass is spea g soft phone. It's a hushed conversation. He can‘: hea. the remote. Mutes the set. As he does, we see the Newscas Cindy continue talking. Then realizes no sound is coming of her throat. She yells. Still she can't hear anything. panics. She yells for help. The Stage Manager comes onto set. As he talks te Cindy, he toc realizes he has no voic They both panic. Ryan has heard Cass say "No, he's alone." He closes the d quietly. He has to know more about Cass. He searches her dresser drawer. Under a lot of very racy underwear, he fi a scrapbook. Looks through it.
83) 9) dialog: Looks it over. We see an article headlined: "This Isn't T Story You Want”. Another headline reads: “Story You Want At Bottom Of The Page". He sees it.
83) 11) dialog: 
83) 12) dialog: -(to himself) Second man was blown up. {could it be?) The one~armed, one-leaged, one~eyed man? Back to the article.
83) 16) dialog: Mary Kelley?
83) 17) dialog: He can't believe it. He takes out his picture of Mary Kel It's her! He also finds letters from Mary Kelley to Cass Lake. Letters postmarked from Northern Ireland. And surprisingly articles and pictures of his first trial and escape, under his real name Robert Decker. What he doesn’ see is an article that falls to the floor.
84) 0) text: A window is a bit out of reach. He walks 0.C. We HEAR 4 mighty RIPPING SOUND, a SPLASH OF WATER. Walking into fra is Ryan, carrying the toilet. Cass is pounding on the dec
86) 0) text: Ryan sees a large hamper containing rags below. He has no choice. He jumps.
87) 0) text: Ryan flops inside. The lid clamps shut. Two men in protec suits, complete with hoods, gas masks and rubber gloves, wheel the hamper to the back of their truck. In the b.g. see "Bell Day Care Center". The hamper is dumped into the truck.
88) 0) text: Ryan tumbles out. He emits a big sigh of relief and then: "Blaa!* He's in a mound of brownish, yellowish, stained w cloths. Whoa and the stink! The doors are closing. Leavin with a panicked look on his face.
90) 0) text: Fergus breaks in. But no Ryan, no Cass.
91) 0) text: The truck pulls up. The men, still masked and gloved, ope the back door. We don't sse Ryan as they grab a bundle of diapers and head for the building. Ryan, blue from Holdin his breath, hops out from under the pile. Bolts our of th truck.
91) 2) dialog: Takes his first breath. A huge gasp of air. Plants sway i the intake. He hurries away from the truck. He smells mighty powerful. Flowers wilt as he passes by t As he passes under a tree, a bird, still holding on to a branch, flops into view from above. Ryan passes an outdoo newsstand.
92) 0) text: Ryan tears out the perfume adds and rubs them over his bo Then he sees:
93) 1) dialog: As he crosses the street, we see a car drive into the hospital parking lot. Lauren at the wheel of the car. Banners welcoming the UN General Secretary hang from lampposts. EXT. "McCARTY HOSPITAL" - AMBULANCE ENTRANCE ~ DAY Nearby is an “Amundson Glass Co.” truck. The "Sperm Donor Night Deposit Box" is very visible to us. Very lictle activity.
93) 2) dialog: Sees a way in. Grabs.a white paramedic's coat from 4 cab an ambulance...or so he thinks it is. He enters the hospi A sign on the door reads: “No Shirts. No Shoes. No Surger We see he has a lab coat with "Hemak Meat Co." on the bac
93) 4) text: Ryan i en i ht in the middle a madhouse. & ims up to Ryan.
93) 8) dialog: No, no... A huge SECURITY GUARD looks at him askew. Ryan feels he better play along. Tosses out TV doctor things...sort of.
93) 9) dialog: Start me fifty V.c.s of Gemilitarized Veldilhum. Save the helminium for the NFL pre- Op sodium chloride multi-grain aldagram. A paramedic is administering a drip.
93) 10) dialog: (regarding the IV drip) Let me adjust that. He adjusts the drip rate. The damn thing empties in secon liquid pours from the patient's ears.
93) 11) dialog: Making his way to the elevators. The security guard watch him very closely. Ryan places the stethoscope on odd part the body as he orders:
93) 12) dialog: ‘Appendectomy. Tonsillectomy. Lance that. {indicating a man) To maternity. To O.R. (indicating oid lady} To Drug Rehab. (eumning out of hospital places) Ah, to cafeteria. To gift shop. 58
93) 15) dialog: Over there in the ten bullets or less lane. (to another patient) Nurse, administer 200,000 cc's of adrenalin.
93) 17) dialog: Speaks to the O.C. Nurse.
93) 18) dialog: But? Damn your “but!" This is a human life! 200,000 cc's! A huge bucket of water douses the patient.
93) 20) dialog: Ah, no thanks. He's at the elevator.
93) 21) text: Stops Ryan. Everyone is so busy in ER, they don't see:
93) 23) text: Yes. Just let me take off this... Ryan casts out the stethoscope, it hooks in the Security Guard's ears, Ryan yanks him toward him, punches him in t face. Grabs his gun, sticks it in the back of his waistba Drags him in the elevator. Doors close.
94) 0) text: 61 Ryan gets : handcuffed.
95) 0) text: Ryan has the gun from his pants.
95) 1) dialog: Of all the hospitals in all the world, you've got to walk into mine. She holds up the yellow page she ripped from the phone bo McCarty Hospital has been circled in pen..
95) 3) dialog: (sweet, tender} Don't speak. Ssssh. Put your hand in my pocket.
95) 6) dialog: © Nothing, just missed you, baby.
95) 8) dialog: (sarcastic, very Bogart in attitude, snapping out the dialogue at a breakneck speed) You believed me just now, didn't you? You were lit up like Dennis Rodman at Christmas. (mocking) "I love you." You're good, you're very good. Grabs her by the shoulders. @ mean Your shamus bloodhounds can’t be far off.
95) 10) dialog: You eat with that mouth? You're dealing with my heart. And my heart isn't just an aviscus of cardiac muscle that maintains the circulation of my blood and is divided into four cavities, two atria and two ventricles. It's that big red, bloody thing that holds my love. You said you believed me innocent at your condo. Then you made a call, pulled a gat and sicced Johnny Law on me,
95) 14) dialog: Put on & sweater. says, 63 To wanted to get you out of the country. Chile. Airlines she my protection she says. I wish I had a Quarter Pounder with cheese every time I've heard Chat old chestnut. Lies are like bananas, they come in big yellow bunches. Well, I've got the blender on liquefy, and I'm making you up a4 good old fashioned dose of reality smoothie. You knew IRA gunrunners.
95) 16) dialog: One got blown to bits. And he's the one-armed, one- legged, The guard moans
95) 18) dialog: Me, think? I quit days ago. But the spinning up here, (pointing to -head} I thought he might be my father. abandoned as a child. I was IT never never knew I never knew my I hada or a dog. think thinking wheels are baby, his and they're kicking up crushed rock as I peel out and speed toward you, little nutcracker Princess. I‘m Robert Decker, You seé, Kitten, the whose been dancing to your suite. Im a gesture of affection, she places her hands on his he unfortunately over his ears. He can’t hear. 64
95) 21) dialog: Netenyahu? She removes her hands.
95) 23) dialog: This is all so confusing. So far it seems to me, no one seams to be who they seem to be.
95) 25) dialog: I have so little time to get this job done. Where I go, you can't follow. I'm not trying to be noble but it's like one big hill of beans. Either way, I'm going to trust you. Cass had a hard time following that. Moan from the Guard. Another “wannnng".
96) 0) text: Ryan and Cass see a sign hanging on the door: “Back In Te Minutes“. He cries the door. Locked. An idea. He gestures Cass to give him a hairpin. She acts as the lookout as he sticks the pin in the lock. Jiggles it around. The kmob a docr plate crash to the floor. The damn thing is still locked. Cass points out the duct work in the ceiling. Rya sees two workmen carrying a pane of glass to replace 4 viewing window in the nursery. They're using those hand suction cups. An idea begins to stir in Ryan's brain.
96) 3) text: Sees they are distracted. Ryan dislodges the suction devi He walks off with them. On the way, he accidentally sucke onte the wall. In pulling it off, he suctions onto a food cart. A janitor throws open a door. As it swings open, to block it from hitting him, Ryan holds up the suctions, an suckers onto the door. Pulls them off and suctions onto h crotch, yank, yank, yanks. The janitor watches, it‘s very strange looking. Ryan yanks some more, the janitor moves Finaily the suctions are freed, "Pop!” Aw. Ryan enters: " Air Conditioning”.
98) 0) text: Ryan looks through the maze of wires to the computer belo He notices the "STEINBERG" security system is on. A red l beam criss-crosses the floor in the shape of a Star of Da
99) 0) text: Ryan is caught up in the wires, he dangles like a marione bouncing and dancing about, a human Howdy Doody, coming within inches of the laser beams. He stabilizes. He reach for the “Off Alarm" switch, he tilts, keys fall from his pocket, he catches them before they reach the beam. Now, rapid succession, a lucky rabbit's foot, sunglasses, Tums Tic Tacs, lip balm, pepper spray, gum and a yo-yo, ail caught. The yo-yo though does its yo-yo thing and heads f the floor. Just as it was going to enter the beam, Ryan s it back up with a flick of the wrist, walks the dog with puts it away. With his foot he manages to hit the "off" switch.
101) 0) text: Ryan extracts himself from the last wires. Sits at the computer. The keyboard is the most complicated piece of equipment ever. Triple the normal amount of keys. He timi turns the computer on. “Fwing", it comes on with a miid chime. He carefully hits several buttons. A disk shoots o of the machine, hitting him in the chest, "Ow". He tries another sequence. It brings up the menu. He clicks throug it. He clicks into "Limb Replacement". It contains severa names. He types in “Addresses”. They pop onto the screen. types up “Phone Numbers". That appears on the screen. Gre He decides to print it out. He brings the printer into pl The screen asks questions, he clicks "Yes" every time.
101) 2) dialog: It's Ryan, I got your note. I’m minutes away. Ryan is pleased. Evidence! Then before he can turn it off
101) 5) text: She hangs up. Ryan pops cut the rape. Grasps it My God! She killed Hibbing! He does the classic heartsick over Beroman and slamming his fist on the table from "Casablanca".
101) 6) text: Ryan hasn't noticed but the printer has printed out pages pages. It shows no sign of wanting let up. Ryan snaps bac to reality, hits a series of keys, only accelerares che printing. One steady long sheer of paper, billowing up. H can't turn off the printer. The plug for the computer and printer have the desk jammed up against it. He tries. He can't get his hand down there. Meantime the paper is almo waist deep. He looks at the computer screen, he accidenta typed for the computer to print out 23232424 paces, not f 23 to 24. He must have ten thousand pages by now.
104) 0) text: In searching for Cass and Ryan, Orono sses the paper that billowed into the corridor. He opens the door to investig A paper avalanche engulfs him, “Aaaaaaa!” Ryan runs out o the room and down the steps. EXT. McCARTY HOSPITAL PARKING LOT Ryan, angry, betrayed again. He finds an unlocked car. He gets inside.
105) 0) text: Ryan finds no key. He'll hot-wire it. He's seen this done hundreds of times in movies.
106) 0) text: ’ Ryan ducks under the dash. Bulls down wires from behind dash, it's a lot of wires. He touches two together, spark fly, but the car doesn't start. He tries again and again. the course of touching other wires, he plays hell with th car's electrical system. We see the antenna go up and dow the sunroof open and close, windows roll up and down, the blasting out the voice of Mario Lanza, "Be my love...!* T CD shoots out of the sound system. BAGPIPE MUSIC screams the radio.
107) 2) text: 78 Watches as Ryan finally drive. And not too successfully. He backs into a -Potty’, driving it into the street. The door swings open exposing a hard~ hatted workman sitting on the toilet. Surprised ta be out public, as are the drivers of the cars in the intersectio waiting for the light to change.
110) 0) text: Ryan HEARS recorded MUSIC as he is put on hold, a muzaky version of “Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head". Hangers _ torn dry cleaning bags litter the booth. In the b.g. a dr cleaning van, driver stopped at the mens room, drives off Ryan is in a stolen suit, tie, etc. He sees 4 newspaper, dated May 12, 1997. It gets him thinking.
110) 1) dialog: $~12-$37 is today.
110) 5) dialog: An assassination. He looks at the newspaper headline: "UN BOSS IN TOWN. HOP WON''T BE ASSASSINATED". Finally: RYAN (Cont’d) I'm right.
111) 2) dialog: (over phone} You won't be able to trace this call. I'm not that stupid, Fails.
111) 7) dialog: 
111) 13) dialog: Because you'll throw me in jail. Patient Sean Laughrea. The address will interest you. Fergus‘s gesture to Orono is a “Get info" command.
111) 14) dialog: That's it. Another second or two and you can trace this. Over the speaker we hear Ryan being approached by a VACATIONER. Fergus and everyone OVERHEAR:
111) 16) dialog: Easy, from Husset Park here at Coleman and Mondale, go back this way and take Plymouth all the way. Can't miss it.
111) 17) text: Thanks. Fergus and the guys can't believe their luck. They drop t phone, all run out the door as fast as they can. A beat a we hear Ryan.
111) 18) dialog: (he screwed up, under his breath) 74 Clicks down the phone.
114) 0) text: Ryan cautiously looking around. He feels someone sneaking behind him. Corner of his eye he catches a black hood. He plays it cool, then whirls around, socks the man in the f What looks like a man in a black hood is actually a seal. seal responds to the punch, flops over. Ryan sees Lauren the pocl deck, using an amber light to signal out to sea. She's taking the tram down. to the shoreline. Ryan sees t boat house. He enters.
115) 0) text: Ryan hears a male voice. And now a familiar one, Cass! Bu he can't hear what they are saying. To get closer, he hid behind huge "Foreign Correspondent in the Mill* big woode gear wheels.
115) 3) dialog: The gears slowly come to life. We see they work a boat li which is lowering Sean's Zodiac into the water. Ryan noti his coat is caught and is slowly pulling him into the grinding teeth of the gears. He tries to pull it free, bu no, luckily the coat comes off his body, but now his tie caught. He yanks, no luck, and his pants leg is caught, d He quickly undoes his tie, and now his shirt is torn from body. He‘s down to his t-shirt, and his pants leg still i caught. He struggles. to get out of his pants.
115) 13) dialog: In t-shirt, boxers, socks, one shoe. Snatches the ciothes from Cass's hands. Puts them on as he speaks. Dialogue ha great urgency, the terrorists could arrive any second.
115) 14) dialog: I'm here to stop your assassination of the UN General Secretary.
115) 16) dialog: I'm taking Lauren, her playmate, and you down hard.
115) 19) dialog: He's finally mine. I'1l be ail over him like chocolate on a chin after a hot fudge sundae.
115) 21) dialog: Kelley! Why are you with Mary Kelley?
115) 25) dialog: (mocking) My sister, my mother. Ow.
115) 29) dialog: You called off the relationship by pumping him full of lead.
115) 31) dialog: e . (confused) Ah, good.
115) 33) dialog: We act fast, or I'll be blamed for the assassination. He sees a sapers kit.
115) 34) dialog: First I block their escape. You have the toughest job.- Stay with them, Don't let them think anything is up. It's time we turned the tables on the other cheek. LAUREN (0.C. Cass! A quick kiss and Cass goes off to Lauren and the ochers.
116) 0) text: 79 Ryan sneaks out. A wind boathouse.
117) 0) text: Ryan gets on the surfboard. Lifts the sail. A gust of win blows him out to sea and over the horizon, completely out sight in a micro second.
118) 0) text: Ryan on surfboard coming back. Hits into the sub. Wearing Hawaiian lei and straw hat. He's bewildered by what just occurred. But he's made it. He gets on the sub. From the saper bag he takes out a brick of plastique. He shapes it Sticks it on the sub deck. Takes out a timer. Sticks it i the plastique. The plastique is really gooey, it acts lik taffy. It sticks to his hand, and the timer, it gets all over. Trying to scrape it off with his feet, the explosiv now sticks to his shoe, plus his chin. He sees the timer counting down. Damn! He frantically attempts to shake it no good. Plastique and timer are stuck to his hand. Tryin scrape it off from hand to hand, it just gets worse. Down . seconds. He manages to wad the stuff up in a big bail, closing the hatch, scrapes it off. It's now in the interi of the sub. At last! Ryan jumps into a Zodiac. He bounces back up on deck. Cripes! Gets in the Zodiac drives off ju as:
120) 15) dialog: Sees Fergus. Sees Sean open his leg, take out his gun. Ry shoots at Sean, no bullets. He throws the gun and dives, knocking McKintyre over. Ending up knocking over the arti his exhibits and his paints.
121) 1) text: Gets to his feet. His face has been splashed with the exa facial markings of Mel Gibson in “Braveheart’. With the kilts, he looks like a Hyland warrior. Ryan has had enoug He has the fierce look of Clansmen. He lets out a war yel "AWWWWI" He shoves McKintyre into a van, Is joined by Cas 82 Sean gets off more shorts. Fergus's cf bullets aimed at Ryan. Allowing to drive off.
123) 0) text: Ryan's van driving fast. We see Lauren give up the pursui She takes off down an alley.
124) 0) text: Ryan's wiping the paint off his face with a rag. McKINTYRE Who are you?
124) 1) text: Ryan Harrison. And this is a woman I've slept with. AssasSins are out to get you.
125) 1) text: 83 Sean pulls out of an alley. Blocks them off. Ryan hits th brakes. Throws it in reverse. A stinger from the roof blo up 4@ van behind them. Ryan brings his van to a screechin halt. He's blocked!
126) 0) text: Lauren, empty stinger in hand, and the terrorists rain automatic weapon fire at Ryan.
127) 0) text: Ryan pulls the people from the burning van. Takes Cass an McKintyre into a van abandoned by a frightened man during fire fight. He gets behind the wheel.
128) 1) dialog: It‘s alright, I'll get us out of this. Can't get the thing started. Bullets riddle the windshiel He hits the wipers to clear away the glass. The engine Starts, but a stinger hits the hood. Fire everywhere. He the window spritzer. Backs up.
130) 0) text: A stinger on the way. Ryan rolls down the driver's and passenger's windows, leans back, the missile goes in and the van. He backs up just as a van behind him is hit. He' blocked again. He carries everyone from the van, pulls th two people from the just hit van, and shoves everyone in yet a third abandoned van. A flat! Bullets whizzing aroun Ryan gets the spare tire. Starts to pump air into the oid ene. Too much gunfire. He gets in the van...that is Rit b stinger. INT. RYAN’S VAN #3 84 Ryan notices a receipt on the dashboard.
130) 1) dialog: (how dare they) This is a rental. (to the villains) The bastardsiii!
132) 0) text: Bullets kicking up everywhere. Ryan negotiates with a man the street who has a “For Sale" sign on his van. They fin come to terms. Ryan carries everyone from van #3 into the van #4. Starts it up. As he zig-zags around, the van is h loses the roof. Hit again. Back half gone. Hit again. Ent body is gone. He‘s down to a frame. Then it stalls. The g gauge is empty. All seems lost.
133) 0) text: Lauren calling down to Ryan.
134) 1) dialog: Mary Kelley. Let everyone go. Take me.
134) 3) dialog: Damn!”
134) 6) dialog: From one to ten?
134) 8) dialog: I must be. I slept with both of your identities. It's chilly out here. You must have left your heart open.
136) 0) text: Fergus tosses a terrorist's gun to Ryan. 86
137) 0) text: Ryan gets out. Catches the gun, rolls, comes up firing at Sean. A barrage of fire that lasts a long time, smoke, sh flying. Finally Sean grabs his shoulder.
138) 0) text: We HEAR the sound of a VIOLIN PIECE that fills the night power and beauty. A poster reads: “The Return Of Ryan Harrison: The Wrongfully Accused Tour’.
139) 2) text: Ryan is magnificent. We read his music: “The I Love Cass, New Wife, Symphony”. Stirring performance, big time finis And:
139) 8) dialog: Blows kisses to Cass. She returns every one.
139) 11) text: Joins Ryan’ on stage. To the cheers of the crowd and all embrace,