2) 0) text: The passenger window rolls down and we see Carter, stylin a Chinese-cut suit.  He's holding a Chinese-English dictionary, leaning out the window - giving his best "do look to two girls in a convertible.
2) 1) dialog: (int Chinese)
2) 2) text: Deng wa lu yun cai-shen wu. The HORRIFIED GIRLS speed off, and Carter turns to Lee, w is driving and singing to his radio.
2) 4) text: ...wish they all could be California... wish they all could be California girls... Carter ejects the BEACH BOYS CD from the stereo and TOSSE out of the SUNROOF.
2) 5) dialog: I warned you about playing that shit when I'm in the car.
2) 7) dialog: Did you see the way those girls drove off?  I did you a favor.
2) 9) dialog: All I did was invite them for a drink.
2) 11) dialog: (checking Chinese-English dictionary)
2) 14) dialog: Don't be giving me attitude, Lee.  I've been here three days and we haven't done shit.  We haven't been to a club, haven't even talked to a girl.  I'm on vacation, and I want some mu-shu.
2) 16) dialog: Not Mu-shu.  Mu-shu.  I want to see some women.  Now stop playing dumb and show me the shu! Carter flips through the dictionary.  A CALL COMES in ove LEE'S CELL PHONE.
3) 6) dialog: What was that?  Did you just pick up a case?  Did we just take another damn case on my vacation? Lee smiles at Carter.
3) 8) dialog: Don't be messing with me, Lee.  I will kick your ass.  I'll hit you so hard you'll end up in the Ming Dynasty.
3) 11) text: Carter follows Lee out of the car, the two men making the way to the door of the Raven Club.  Carter is combing his hair, getting himself ready for a night on the town, stop when he spots two hot WOMEN walking into the club.
3) 12) dialog: That's what I'm talking about.  A real Hong Kong night club.  You want an Altoid?
3) 14) dialog: You better take one.  Your breath has been a little funky all day.  Let me look at you. Carter looks at Lee.  Fixes his collar.
3) 15) dialog: Just relax and don't worry about a thing.  I'll hook you up in there.  You got condoms?
3) 17) dialog: Take this.  It's a Magnum.  You can fold it in half. Carter dances through the door, Lee follows.
4) 0) text: A dark, upscale club that is packed with GANGSTERS, BEAUT GIRLS and CIVILIANS.  Lee and Carter walk in.  Lee is try to keep a low profile as Carter stares up at the stage, w a man sings Karaoke -- the most painful rendition of Mich Jackson's "DON'T STOP 'TILL YOU GET ENOUGH."
4) 2) dialog: Blend in?  I'm two feet taller than everyone here.  Where you going?
4) 4) dialog: How you boys doing tonight? The thugs ignore Carter as he motions to the stage, where OLD MAN continues to sing.
4) 5) dialog: That is the worst singing I've ever heard.  That sounds like something you'd hear in prison after lights out. The thugs continue to ignore Carter.
5) 1) dialog: Get closer to my body now.  And just love me, till you don't know how... Lee steps back into shadow -- does a double take as he realizes he's hearing Carter belting out "DON'T STOP 'TIL
6) 0) text: A room full of Chinese sitting with their mouths open, watching Carter on the Karaoke stage doing a dead-on Mich Jackson, singing his heart out.  Dancing and making eyes few of the smitten women who are watching him.
6) 2) text: Carter, get off that stage!
6) 3) dialog: Are you kidding, they love me.  I'm a star, Lee.  A god to these people! Carter resumes singing, really getting down.  Moonwalking the EDGE of the STATE where Lee PULLS HIM OFF.
6) 5) dialog: I knew you were lying.
6) 7) dialog: Damn it, why are you ruining my night?  I'm just starting to have fun. (beat)
6) 10) dialog: Tread softly?  Who taught you how to roost a bar?
6) 12) dialog: Man, are you crazy?  You think that scares me?  I'm from  L.A.  We invented gangs.  We were having gang wars before anybody even thought about it.  We get royalties from other gangs.  Now gimme your badge and gun and I'll show you how it's done.
6) 14) dialog: You mean Tito.  We had  Toto for dinner last night. Before Lee can react, Carter has lifted Lee's badge and g Carter bounds back on stage, pulls the plug on the music fires three SHOTS into the ceiling, silencing the bar.
6) 15) dialog: (Chinese)
6) 16) text: Deng wa lu yun, shen wu wattu masu wang lui. Nobody moves.  Strange looks from the crowd.  Carter turn Lee.
6) 17) dialog: (whispering)
6) 20) dialog: Shit.  C'mon, get up here and help me out. Reluctantly, Lee gets on stage.  More looks from the Chin as Carter speaks, Lee translating.
6) 21) dialog: Okay, all the Triads and ugly women go to that side, all fine ass women on this side. Nobody moves.  Carter fires two more shots in the ceiling
6) 22) dialog: Let's try this again.  Who here knows Ricky Tan, raise your hand. Nobody moves.
6) 23) dialog: Who here is named Lee?  Raise your hand. Nobody moves.
6) 24) dialog: Now I know you're lying.   The crowd still hasn't moved.  Except in the back, where spots several GANGSTERS leaving.  As Lee runs off stage -
6) 25) dialog: (as they run out)
7) 0) text: Lee and Carter run into the street, just in time to see H and several gangsters round a corner.
7) 1) dialog: Stop!  LAPD! Lee takes off and chases them on foot.
9) 0) text: The far end of the street is BLOCKED BY MARKET STALLS.  T GANGSTERS look around frantically.  An apartment building under CONSTRUCTION, massive BAMBOO SCAFFOLDING top to bot Their only way out is UP. Lee and Carter dash around the corner to see the gangster SWARMING UP THE SCAFFOLDING.  Lee wastes no time going af them.  With a running start, he JAMS A FOOT on the wall a VAULTS to the BOTTOM RUNG, GRABS HOLD AND SWINGS UP.
9) 1) dialog: Hang on, Lee.  I'm coming. Carter jumps to grab hold of the scaffolding.  NOT EVEN CLOSE.  He backs up -- he's gonna take a running start! ABOVE - LEE REACHES 4 GANGSTERS.  They all tear off the LENGTHS OF BAMBOO and square off.  The clatter of wood against wood as they beat at each other.  Wrestling over pole, Lee FLINGS TWO of the GANGSTERS over the edge. BELOW, Carter has hold of the bottom rung, STRAINING MIGH to pull himself up.  Just as he gets his chin above the bar... snap!  It BREAKS and he drops.  Then... WHAM!  WHAM!  The two gangsters CRASH LAND ON EITHER side CARTER.  HE takes one look at their pain.
9) 2) dialog: Forget this... He dashes into the stairwell.  ABOVE, the last two GANGST come at Lee.  He stomps down, levering up floor boards, w SEE-SAWS them off-balance.  With the advantage, he BATTER them with his bamboo pole and knocks them off.  He climbs after the GANGSTER LEADER. ON HU LI and the GANGSTERS Coming over the crest of the hill, seeing Carter climbing the hill.
10) 2) dialog: (out of breath)
10) 3) text: Freeze!  Nobody move! Carter goes to the edge and sees Lee hanging on a pole be Carter is blind-sided by Hu Li. She takes one sultry step towards him, then twists her he and WINDMILLS a HARD KICK that sends Carter FLYING OFF TH
10) 7) dialog: All I wanted was a little mu-shu.
10) 9) dialog: I can't believe I flew ten-thousand miles for this shit. The POLE BREAKS 
11) 0) text: Carter and Lee drive through Hong Kong, the two men ridin silence, bruised and covered in garbage.
11) 1) dialog: You lied to me. 
11) 3) dialog: You're sorry.  I got somebody's old chopsticks stuck in my ass, so don't tell me you're sorry.  Just take me home.
11) 5) dialog: So that Ricky Tan, he's the one who blew up the Embassy?
12) 0) text: Lee and Carter walk into a massive COURTYARD, where thirt year olds are going through their warm up routines.   MASTER FU, 60's, wears a BLACK ROBE as he teaches his kid
12) 1) dialog: I'm telling you right now, I'm tired of this shit.  There's two billion Chinese - let one of them be your partner.
12) 10) text: Yes, Master. While Lee follows Master Fu, Carter stands in front of th YEAR OLDS, who sit motionless around a fighting circle.  Carter starts stretching his legs, warming up.
12) 11) dialog: I was watching you kids.  My name is Carter, LAPD, and I'm a third degree black belt.  At least that's what I tell the girls at the Holiday Health Spa where I work out. Carter throws a series of QUICK PUNCHES, but the kids hav reaction.
12) 12) dialog: Let me give you kids some tips.  The key to Kung Fu is the follow through.  Why don't you stand up. THE KIDS DON'T MOVE, no reaction.  Carter continues to th punches.
12) 13) dialog: Go ahead, kick me, hit me.  I'll show you how to block.  Come on, stand up, give me your best shot -- try to kick right to my head. The kids still don't move.  Carter, working up a sweat fr shadow fighting, takes off his JACKET, DRAPING IT over th HOLY BUDDHA behind him -- a mistake.  He swings back arou to face the kids and NEVER SEES THE KICK that sends him flying back onto the mat.  He looks around and sees ALL o the kids STANDING, in FIGHTING POSITION.
12) 14) dialog: That's pretty good.  Which one of you kids did that?
13) 3) text: ...he kills for money. In the b.g., we see the kids leaping acrobatically over Carter from all sides.  Carter, frustrated, tries to grab kids out of the air as they fly by, but they elude him. disappear O.S. Lee and Master Fu walk another moment, Master Fu lost in thought.
14) 0) text: Lee emerges from the path, stops when he sees Carter -- t students headlocked under each arm, another two scissor locked between his legs, holding another two down with hi hands, and sitting on the last one.
14) 1) dialog: And that's how you use the LAPD choke hold.  Now start practicing and don't make me come back here!
15) 2) dialog: I am a tourist.
16) 0) text: Lee and Carter walk into an upscale MASSAGE PARLOR and st in a lobby.  SOFT MUSIC is playing. 
16) 4) dialog: How you doin'?
16) 7) dialog: That's right.
16) 9) dialog: (holding up a Platinum AmEx)
16) 11) text: Lee, this one's on me.  You save your money. The Hostess takes Carter by the arm, walks over to a HIDD SLIDING DOOR - slides it open to reveal TWENTY BEAUTIFUL WOMEN.  Carter truly is in Heaven.
16) 13) dialog: No.  It's my first time.
16) 15) dialog: Any girl?  Okay.  Let's start with that one.
16) 17) dialog: She is nice.  But I am very tense.  I'm gonna need a lot of massages.  I'll take that one, too.  How you doin', baby?  And...that one in pink.  She can do my feet. Lee elbows Carter.
16) 19) dialog: She said I could pick any girl I want.
16) 21) dialog: Hey!  You don't break in front of a black man in a buffet line.
16) 23) text: Your friend have big appetite. (handing ROBES to Lee and Carter)
17) 0) text: TWENTY MEN in SILK ROBES lie in reclining chairs, women massaging their feet and hands.  There are BIG SCREEN TV' showing nature films, relaxation music playing in the background.  Lee and Carter sit in the quiet room dressed in MATCHING PURPLE ROBES.  Lee wears SLIPPERS, Carter wears his HIGH TOPS.  Carter is enjoying a hand and neck massage at the time.  A WOMAN walks over and hands them each a drink.
17) 1) dialog: Now I'm on vacation.  I knew you'd come through, Lee. LEE doesn't respond.  LEE IS STARING AT SOMEONE ON THE FA SIDE OF THE ROOM.  A man who radiates a unique blend of sophistication and brutality.
17) 2) dialog: What's wrong?
17) 4) dialog: That's Ricky Tan?  He's four feet tall.  I'll go over with you right now, shake him down.
17) 6) dialog: I'm a dangerous man.  You're not gonna ruin my massage because of some midget in a house coat.
17) 8) dialog: Ricky Tan, I've been looking all over for you.  Get up. Tan looks up for a moment, a smile.
17) 10) dialog: I said get on your feet!
17) 12) dialog: I'm Lee's new muscle, his right arm -- and don't let the robe fool you.  This is the only color they had left.  Now get up! Tan laughs, goes back to his laptop.  CARTER GRABS THE LA from Ricky and throws it across the room - SHATTERING IT against the wall.  Ricky glances at his men who are seate around the room waiting to move.
17) 13) dialog: I told you to get on your feet! Having heard the commotion, Lee arrives by Carter's side, breathless, as Tan looks up, surprised.
17) 17) dialog: Let's go.  I've got girls and chicken and hot oil waiting for me.
17) 19) dialog: I'd like to pay you for that laptop.
17) 21) dialog: That's Chief Inspector, he got promoted. Tan bows to Lee and Carter.
17) 23) dialog: (ref: his privates)
17) 24) text: Damn!  No wonder you're pissed off. Carter uses the towel like Lee did to block and trap one the men's punches. In the middle of fighting, Lee is suddenly exposed -- he flinches to cover himself and is punched from behind.  Momentarily stunned, he's lifted from behind -- two men throwing him out the front door. Carter is also overpowered by two men, who lift him over their shoulders.
18) 0) text: Ricky Tan's black limo SCREECHES to a stop.  The door fli open and Lee and Carter are TOSSED out onto the highway.  Both men are completely naked.
19) 0) text: A packed street - Lee and Carter dodging in and out of people.  The CAMERA PANS and we see Lee and Carter from behind.
19) 1) dialog: Goddamn you got a small ass.
21) 0) text: The shades are down as Lee frantically gets dressed, putt on a suit and fixing his tie.  Carter finishes putting on a BLACK CHINESE STYLE SUIT fro Lee's closet, then moves for the door.
21) 2) dialog: Back to Heaven on Earth.  I need my damn passport back.  I'm going home.
21) 4) dialog: Why you mad at me?  You needed back-up, so I backed you up.  I was about to take out Ricky Tan and those bodyguards.
21) 6) dialog: My bullshit?  I'm not the one who goes to a karaoke bar filled with gangsters!  I'm not the one who goes to massage parlors to bust crime lords!
21) 8) dialog: You're pathetic, man.  When's the last time you had some fun?  When's the last time you took a night off, had a date?
21) 10) dialog: Really?  When's the last time you had some Mu-shu  Let's hear it, Lee, when was it?  Year of the rat?
21) 12) dialog: And you ain't black! The two men look at each other for a long BEAT.  Lee quic walks out, slamming the door behind him, leaving Carter h dressed.
23) 0) text: Carter is on the phone, his feet on Lee's desk.  As he ta he opens a drawer, pulls out a wad of cash and pockets it
23) 1) dialog: Captain, you're gonna have to speak up.  I'm on a car phone!
24) 2) dialog: Hong Kong?  I'm not in Hong Kong.  I'm in Hollywood -- right at Sunset and Vine, two minutes from the station.  How about I pick you up right now and take you to dinner?
24) 4) dialog: Did I say dinner?  I meant diner.  Biscuits and gravy, you love that shit.
24) 6) dialog: Two hundred cops?  Was Mario Sanchez there?  He owes me money.
24) 8) dialog: Is it because of the hookers, sir?  You tell them there's no crime in being lonely.
24) 10) dialog: Sir, I'm working on a big case over here -- and by the time I get back they're gonna make you Governor.  Captain, you there?  Hello?  Shit! As Carter walks out the DOOR, he brushes past HU LI, who standing in the hallway disguised as a FED EX DELIVERY PERSON.  Carter checks her out as he exits.
25) 0) text: CARTER starts walking down the street, making his way pas outdoor BUTCHER MARKET, getting strange looks from locals tourists alike.  He motions to an OLD WOMAN who is sellin
25) 2) dialog: How you doing?  Can you direct me to the Heaven on Earth massage parlor?   The OLD WOMAN stares at Carter, starts motioning to her C filled with birds.
25) 3) dialog: No, I don't eat live birds.  I like my birds dead and deep fried.  You ever been to Popeyes? The Woman takes out a bird, holds up a HATCHET.
25) 4) dialog: No, don't do that, I had a big lunch.  I'm warning you, I'm a police officer -- just put the blade down and let the bird go.
27) 0) text: Carter walks down the street holding a CAGE WITH A LIVE R BIRD inside.  He stops a MAN who is sweeping in front of store.
27) 1) dialog: How you doing?  I'm looking for Heaven on Earth. The man stares at Carter, watches as he pulls out his:
27) 3) dialog: Shan-shui cao guo-jiu, pao gai niu tao zi.
27) 5) dialog: No man, I was just asking...
29) 0) text: Carter finally makes his way to the massage parlor, movin for the FRONT DOOR when he sees RICKY TAN EXIT.  Carter d to the side and watches as Ricky climbs into the back of waiting Daimler. The Daimler drives off.  Carter rushes to the middle of t street with a determined look on his face.
29) 1) dialog: I'm gonna solve this case myself.  Taxi! Carter flags down a CAB, jumps in the back seat.
30) 0) text: The CAB DRIVER turns to Carter, who motions to the limo.
30) 1) dialog: (loud)
30) 2) text: Follow that limo. The Cab Driver continues to stare at Carter.
30) 3) dialog: You understand what I'm saying?  Follow that car!  Where it goes, you go!  This is a chase -- we are chasing that limo! (beat)
30) 4) text: We are still parked -- we're not moving!  This is the opposite of chasing -- drive the car or I will kill you! The driver slowly turns, holding out his hand.  Carter fi in his pocket hands the cab driver a wad of cash.
31) 0) text: Lee drives, misty-eyed.  RAP MUSIC playing over the stere Lee turns it up, slowly moving his head to the music, in tribute to Carter. His CELL PHONE rings, he turns down the music.
33) 0) text: A 190-FOOT YACHT is anchored in Victoria Harbor.  Ricky T walks along the top deck with HU LI, disappearing into a crowd of people who are partying on the ship. Carter steps out of the cab.
33) 1) dialog: Stay here.  I'll be right back.  You understand?
34) 0) text: A huge PARTY, a live band plays for a crowd of business m politicians and beautiful women - a who's who of Hong Kon CARTER walks up to the front of the boat -- TWO DOORMEN HOLDING clipboards immediately stop him.
34) 2) dialog: I'm with the band.  I'm the lead singer.
34) 4) dialog: I got held up at a wedding in Tai Koo.  Ricky here yet, I need to get his requests. As Carter walks past the doorman -- 
34) 6) dialog: Last party all he wanted was Sting -- not one person danced.  Tonight I'm doing Superfreak, I don't care what he says.  Where is he?
34) 8) dialog: Help?  I'm not the help, man -- I'm the star.  That's my band up there -- I control the mood, the groove, the atmosphere. Carter cuts a smoking DANCE MOVE.
34) 9) dialog: Can you do that? (man shakes head "no")
34) 10) text: That's why you're down here and I'm up there.  Now this is my party -- don't forget it! Carter walks onto the ship, starts singing to himself.
36) 0) text: As Carter walks through the ship, he grabs a handful of f from a waiter, his eyes searching the crowd, rounds a cor - almost stepping right into HU LI, who's approaching STE REIGN.  Steven Reign is in his 50's -- perfectly groomed, impeccably dressed - his looks and bearing say one thing money.  He's got the big party smile on, but as Hu Li arrives, Reign's face shifts and his eyes go dead -- the billionai as sociopath. Carter steps back, but sees Reign Whisper to Hu Li.  Cart hides and turns away as Hu Li instinctively scans the roo for signs of trouble.  He heads into the main party. Carter stops walking when he comes upon ISABELLA MOLINA, stunning brunette, sitting at the bar drinking a glass of champagne.  Carter lights her cigarette for her.
36) 1) dialog: How you doing, baby?  My name is Prince Mubutu from Nigeria.
36) 3) dialog: (in mangled Spanish)
36) 7) dialog: I'm sorry, you looked like you traveled in the best circles.  But hey, I understand.  Make yourself at home, Isabella.  Champagne, caviar, whatever you want.  My ship is your ship.
36) 9) dialog: That's right.  I'm the owner, the Captain -- you can call me El Capitan.
36) 11) dialog: I don't want to play games with you, Isabella.  I like you.  I can see myself with you -- in one of those bathrooms over there in about five minutes.
36) 13) dialog: Called?  What's my ship called? (he has no idea)
36) 16) dialog: Red Dragon?  You sure about that?
36) 18) dialog: Your friend's ship? (looking around)
36) 23) dialog: Wait a second.  You're Steven Reign?  You're big time.  You own all them big hotels.  What are you doing in Hong Kong?
37) 4) dialog: Yeah.  Tell us!  And don't play games or we'll kick your lying ass! Lee slowly turns around and looks at Carter, who is stand right behind him.
37) 6) dialog: Who died?
37) 8) dialog: Detective Yu?  Never met him.
37) 10) dialog: Who?
37) 12) dialog: Nobody understands the words that are coming out of your mouth.
37) 23) dialog: I ain't his partner, I'm a tourist.  I got proof.  See, I got a mini-bar key.
37) 25) text: I'll meet you on the main deck in ten minutes. Carter pulls Lee aside.
37) 26) dialog: What, leave you alone so he can cap you?
37) 28) dialog: Why the hell should you believe him?  He had us beat up.  Naked.  That's nasty shit.
37) 31) dialog: (pause)
37) 32) text: What the hell is going on here? No answer.  Carter holds Lee's glance for a beat, then tu and walks the other way.
40) 0) text: Hu Li moves quickly down the hallway, rounding a corner a suddenly goes FLYING, landing flat on her face. It's Carter, who ran to the sound of the gunshot, and TRI Hu Li with his leg.
40) 1) dialog: All right, get your hands up. Hu Li backflips up -- kicking Carter in the head.
42) 0) text: Carter and Hu Li face off.
42) 1) dialog: You wanna piece of me?  C'mon, I'll give you a little LAPD ass kickin'. Hu Li savages Carter with a series of punishing blows.
44) 0) text: Lee and Carter run up to the stern at the same time -- watching helplessly as Hu Li gets away in the speed boat. Carter turns his head, sees -- -- STEVEN REIGN at the other end of the boat, watching Hu escape, not at all behaving like a panicky billionaire sh during a gangland shooting.  Wordlessly, Reign disappears back into the shadows.
45) 0) text: The yacht is anchored.  A few TRIADS led away in handcuff Thrown into PATROL CARS that have surrounded the docks. Sterling, Chin, Lee and Carter on the dock.
45) 2) dialog: What "revenge" is he talking about?
45) 4) dialog: Hey, you, Secret Service Man, what are you --
45) 6) dialog: Fine with me. Sterling walks away disgusted.
45) 9) text: Escort Detective Carter to the airport --
45) 11) dialog: Hell no. The Hong Kong police officers produce HANDCUFFS.  Beat.
45) 12) dialog: (to Lee)
45) 13) text: Fine.  But don't expect me to talk to you. Carter stalks off.
45) 15) dialog: What are you gonna do about it, grasshopper?
45) 17) dialog: Give me your best shot, you flat assed mama's boy.
45) 19) dialog: I heard your mama pulls a rickshaw.
45) 21) dialog: You're not very good at this, are you?
45) 23) dialog: Forget it. A long beat while Lee considers what to say.
45) 25) dialog: Ask me if I give a shit. Lee waits a beat, then drops the bombshell.
45) 29) dialog: How the hell did Tan get away with it?
45) 31) dialog: (pause)
45) 35) dialog: You thought the "Customs Agents get blown up" and "smuggling" and "Ricky Tan" and you put it all together and came up with a five year old case.  That's why you didn't tell me what we were doing...
45) 37) dialog: 
45) 40) dialog: So are you getting on the plane or not?!
45) 42) dialog: Come on, we still got time to order the Kosher meal.  Always get the kosher meal, they bring it first.
45) 44) dialog: It sounds impossible --
45) 46) dialog: -- but if somebody gave me the chance to square up my father's death, I'd go to hell to do it. Carter turns, walks away without looking back.
45) 47) dialog: You want to figure out why they killed your Daddy, get on the plane.
45) 49) dialog: (still not turning)
45) 51) text: Carter and Lee are getting comfortable among all the othe passengers, preparing to take off.  Lee has a moment of doubt.
45) 53) dialog: Lee, let me introduce you to the Carter Theory of Criminal Investigation: Follow the Rich White Man.
45) 55) dialog: Almost, but you've got to say "Rich White Man" all run together like it's one word.
45) 57) dialog: Not bad.  Now every crime, somewhere, has a rich white man taking his cut.  Every single one.  Now in our case, we know the rich white man is Steven Reign.
45) 59) dialog: Big hotel billionaire.  He was on Ricky Tan's boat ordering Hu Li around just before Ricky got smoked.
45) 61) dialog: Because when the shooting started he was way too cool.  See most white people, when there's shooting, they either hide in a toilet or start screaming high pitched like "Aaaahhh!!! Aaaahh!!!!
45) 63) dialog: Black people keep their cool when the shit goes down.
45) 65) dialog: Yeah, what about when Godzilla was coming?  You people were screaming your asses off.
45) 67) dialog: The same place you find all RichWhiteMen. (a tray arrives)
46) 2) dialog: Yeah, that's definitely the woman from Ricky Tan's boat, and she's staying in his suite at his hotel, I told you this would work out.  They still just talking?
46) 4) dialog: He'll be back soon.
46) 6) dialog: Look at her.  Now, wake me in an hour, I'll take over. Lee lowers the binoculars, turns to Carter, who is trying sleep on the bed.
46) 8) dialog: Hey, I didn't mean to call you pathetic.
46) 10) dialog: You pull a muscle or something?
46) 12) dialog: I'm sorry, Lee.  Why did she leave you?
46) 14) dialog: Let me guess, she couldn't handle the cop thing -- never knowing if you were dead or alive.  I've seen it a million times.
46) 16) dialog: Excuse me?
46) 18) dialog: Lee, maybe it's best if we don't discuss our personal lives.  Let's die curious. LEE LIFTS THE BINOCULARS - turns back to the building.
46) 19) dialog: What's she doing?
46) 21) dialog: Lee?  You okay? Lee's eyes go wide as Isabella drops her coat and starts unbutton her blouse.
46) 23) dialog: Just don't fall asleep.  Sooner or later something's gonna happen.
46) 26) dialog: What did you say?
46) 29) dialog: Hot?  I'm freezing my ass off.
46) 31) dialog: What's going on?   Lee stares at Carter, looks dazed.
46) 33) dialog: Gimme the binoculars.
46) 35) dialog: Gimme the binoculars or I will shoot you. Lee hands Carter the binoculars, then turns his back as Carter watches to the window.
46) 37) dialog: Oh, sweet glory hallelujah...
46) 39) dialog: Skirt just came off.  She's in black bra and panties -- Victoria Secret Spring Catalogue, page 27 -- wait a sec - there's a tattoo on her left thigh... it looks like Snoopy.
46) 41) dialog: She just took her hair down.  Now she's going for the bra -- the clasp is in front -- she's using both hands. (to Lee)
46) 42) text: You better get that ice. Lee steps in front of Carter, blocking his view.
46) 44) dialog: This is our job.  We took an oath as police officers.  If we don't do this, who will?  Firemen? Lee backs off, and Carter steps back to the window.  He s Isabella hang up the phone.
46) 45) dialog: Wait a sec - what the hell is that between her legs?
46) 47) dialog: She's reaching into her panties -- something is strapped to her leg.  Oh, God...please don't let it be a dick.
46) 49) dialog: No, I don't believe this shit -- it's a microphone.  Lee, she's wired...
46) 52) dialog: She's walking back towards the door. BINOCULARS P.O.V. We see Isabella wearing a robe - standing at the door of hotel room talking with someone.
46) 53) dialog: She opened the door.  Someone is delivering a package. BINOCULARS P.O.V. Inside the hotel room WE SEE HU LI handing her a package.
46) 54) dialog: Lee...it's the girl who delivered the package to your office.  It's a bomb! Lee and Carter bolt on the move - sprinting out of the ro
48) 0) text: Carter and Lee run across the street, heading towards the entrance of the hotel.
49) 0) text: Lee and Carter sprint out the Penthouse Elevators, runnin down the hallway.
50) 0) text: Isabella takes her robe off, glances at the package, pick up and starts to open it as Lee and Carter come BURSTING THROUGH the BEDROOM DOOR.
50) 1) dialog: 
50) 3) dialog: Damn girl, you fine. Lee lowers his eyes as Isabella looks at him, grabbing th BOMB, Carter following him as they sprint out the bedroom
51) 0) text: Lee and Carter run out the suite - Lee throwing the BOMB toward the END OF THE HALL as he and Carter dive to the floor. Nothing happens. Lee looks up, SEES a HOTEL EMPLOYEE pushing a room servic CART, about to walk right past the package --
51) 3) dialog: Pick it up!
51) 5) dialog: I don't need a turn! Carter picks it up, starts running with it through the ha heading for the elevator.
51) 8) dialog: Get the hell away from here! Carter is still holding the bomb, doesn't know what to do with it --
52) 1) dialog: Get out of the building! Lee looks horrified as he hangs onto the package, has no choice but to throw it back to Carter.
53) 0) text: Lee and Carter burst through the roof door - Carter tryin hold the bomb as far away from himself as possible.  He looks over the side for a place to dump it - the stree are filled with PEOPLE AND CARS.
53) 2) dialog: There's people up here!
53) 4) dialog: Take it! Lee takes the bomb, quickly ROLLS IT across the roof -- L and Carter diving to the ground once again as the bomb sl to the center of the roof - COMING TO A STOP RIGHT IN FRO OF ISABELLA.  She's wearing a bathrobe now, clearly pisse off as she slowly bends down and picks up the package.
53) 6) dialog: I wouldn't do that!!!
53) 9) dialog: Throw us in jail?  I'm about to bust you right now.
53) 11) dialog: How do we know you're not lying?  Let me see your badge. Isabella opens her bathrobe -- WE SEE a small BADGE pinne her bra.
53) 12) dialog: Let me see it again?
53) 16) dialog: Yeah, that's right.
54) 3) dialog: So what's your story?
54) 7) dialog: It's a myth.  Some kind of counterfeit.
54) 9) dialog: How're they getting into the U.S. Mint to use the presses?
54) 12) text: That's right before he left the force. Lee and Carter exchange looks.
54) 18) dialog: What the hell are they going to do with a hundred million dollars in funny money?
54) 23) text: Welcome aboard, gentlemen.  From this moment on, you're working for the United States Secret Service. Isabella opens the door to let Lee and Carter out.  They quickly, trying to hide their excitement.  CAMERA STAYS o Isabella as she takes out her CELL PHONE, punches in a number.
55) 0) text: Lee and Carter, both wearing dark sunglasses, walk throug the street trying their best to look like Secret Service Agents.  They approach Carter's parked VETTE.
55) 1) dialog: Secret Service Agent Carter.  This is my calling, Lee.  Give me six months and I'll be in Washington protecting a white guy.
55) 3) dialog: They don't know that.  What are they gonna do, try and shoot the President during the interview?  I'll bet Isabella can pull some strings.  You saw the way she was staring at me.
55) 5) dialog: You're just jealous 'cos the girl picked me.  I'm tall, dark and handsome, you're third world ugly.
55) 7) dialog: Snoopy is about six inches taller than you.  I'm sorry, Lee, you never had a chance. Carter's had the last word, he gets into the Vette.  Lee reluctantly gets in, too.  EXT. CRENSHAW KITCHEN - CHINESE SOUL FOOD RESTAURANT - NI
55) 8) text: Carter's Vette pulls up in front of a hole in the wall.  
56) 0) text: Carter and Lee pass through the restaurant, only two tabl are occupied.
57) 0) text: Carter and Lee enter the busy kitchen where the OWNER, a BLACK MAN named KENNY, is yelling in Chinese to an over worked waiter.  Kenny's wife, a spectacular looking Chine woman, works the stove.  A couple of cute half-black, hal Asian kids run around the kitchen.
57) 1) dialog: Kenny!  How you doin'? Kenny looks up at Carter.  A cool, appraising glance.
57) 2) dialog: How's the action tonight?  The house making out okay? Kenny follows as Carter opens a door to --
58) 0) text: MEN seated around several card tables, playing MAH-JONGG big money.  Lee and Kenny follow Carter inside.  It's ver smokey and very crowded.
58) 1) dialog: (to Kenny)
58) 2) text: This is where I say I'm LAPD in a loud voice, they all scream and run and shit.  Watch.  It's real funny. Kenny grabs Carter's shoulder, pulling him aside.
59) 0) text: Kenny leads Carter and Lee in, closes the door.
59) 2) dialog: What??  Where'd you hear that?
59) 4) dialog: And I got mine, meaning you.  Nice how that works out. (beat)
59) 7) dialog: Little Chang is gonna have to go visit his daddy in jail if you don't cooperate.
59) 9) dialog: I'd like to see you try. Kenny takes a step back and throws a lightning fast marti arts move.  Lee gets in front of Carter to protect him -- countering Kenny's move.
59) 20) dialog: I heard that. Lee and Kenny laugh.
59) 21) dialog: Look, I need some info and I don't have time to play around.
59) 23) dialog: How'd you know?
59) 25) dialog: So tell me what you know.
59) 27) dialog: Yeah.  We already been there.  This is big, Kenny.  Benjamins.  Secret Service calls 'em superbills.  Banks can't even tell the difference. Kenny considers this for a moment.
59) 28) dialog: What?
59) 32) dialog: Lemme see 'em. Kenny pushes a Chinese painting aside to reveal a WALL SA He opens the safe and hands Carter a $100 bill.  Carter checks it out.
59) 37) dialog: All right, Kenny.  Thanks.  You're off the hook.  For now. Carter and Lee move for the door.
59) 39) text: Establishing.  Carter and Lee park their car and walk ins
60) 0) text: Carter and Lee enter.
60) 1) dialog: (to a worker)
60) 2) text: We're looking for a guy named Zing.  Is he here? Zing hears Carter, turns and sees them.  Then RUNS.  Cart and Lee exchange looks and run after him.
61) 0) text: Zing sprints down an employee hallway, through a doorway down some stairs.  Carter and Lee in pursuit.
62) 0) text: Carter and Lee burst out the door at the bottom of the stairway -- coming almost face to face with --
62) 4) dialog: I hope you just said I have no business being here, 'cos I was just leaving. Carter starts to leave, and Hu Li trains her gun on him, freezing him in his tracks.  Isabella slowly walks severa feet, ending up behind Lee as she speaks.
62) 6) dialog: ...oh, that's a filling right there.  That's gonna cost you. Hu Li lunges forward and KICKS Carter, sending him backwa
62) 8) dialog: I should kill you right now, but I'm gonna let you live, 'cause you're fine, and maybe you can be reformed. The WORKERS start towards Carter.  He holds up his hands.
62) 9) dialog: No more hitting.  I'll get in the truck myself. As Carter walks towards the truck by Hu Li, they exchange look of sheer hatred.  As soon as he passes by her, Hu Li COLDCOCKS Carter with her gun.
65) 0) text: LEE and CARTER are in the back with crates filled with MO They're both in pain, trying to recover from the head blo Carter is flexing his battered body.
65) 2) dialog: What's the first thing I told you -- never trust nobody.  How could you fall for that shit?  I knew she was dirty.
65) 4) dialog: For how long?  Face it, Lee, she's playing both sides. Lee looks disappointed.
65) 5) dialog: Look, man I'm sorry.  I know you got a thing for her.
65) 7) dialog: I'm about to be killed and you "Shhh" me!  This wasn't my case, Lee.  Ricky Tan didn't kill my father, the Fu-Cang Long are not in South Central.  I didn't have to help you.
65) 9) dialog: It doesn't matter. Lee thinks about this for a BEAT.
65) 11) dialog: We are not partners.  Between your daddy, my daddy, and the beating I just took, as far as I can tell all partners get you is dead.
65) 13) dialog: You got that right.  And we ain't brothers.  Maybe we should just end this right here.
65) 15) dialog: I won't talk to you, you don't talk to me.  We'll die in peace.
65) 18) dialog: I don't believe in reincarnation.  So I won't see you in the next world.
65) 20) dialog: I believe in heaven.  You people believe in heaven?
65) 22) dialog: Is it the same heaven, or is it a Chinese heaven?
65) 24) dialog: I thought it might be like those five foot and under basketball leagues.  They don't let everybody in.
65) 26) dialog: Fine by me.
65) 28) dialog: You thinking about that girl that dumped you?
65) 30) dialog: If she was the right girl, you'd be thinking about her.
65) 32) dialog: How was the sex?
65) 34) dialog: You're kidding.  No sex?  Nothing?  No mu-shu?
65) 36) dialog: What about a little king pao chicken?
65) 38) dialog: Steamed dumplings?
65) 40) dialog: That's rough, man.  If I don't get steamed dumplings once a week, I go crazy.
65) 42) dialog: Are you serious?
65) 44) dialog: As long as you're asking...I think you have a pretty good voice.
65) 46) dialog: That depends.  How do the Fu-Cang-Long usually kill their victims?
65) 48) dialog: Go ahead.  Sing your ass off. Lee clears his voice.
69) 0) text: Carter works at opening one of the crates.  Lee steps up, takes a deep breath, searches the crate looking for the s spot, and PUNCHES a hole in one of the thick boards.  The start prying the crate open.
69) 1) dialog: Very nice.
69) 3) dialog: I'll remember that next time I'm fighting a box. Carter opens the crate -- it's filled with SUPERBILLS, ab $1,000,000 worth.  He tosses a stack to Lee.
69) 4) dialog: Hello, Benjamin.
69) 6) dialog: Benjamin Franklin, he discovered electricity.
69) 8) dialog: No Chinese man discovered electricity.
69) 10) dialog: Now that I believe. Carter pockets two stacks of superbills.  Lee looks at hi
69) 11) dialog: You never know.  Besides, I always wanted to die rich. The truck lurches.
69) 13) dialog: End of the line.
69) 15) dialog: Oh no you don't.  Don't you be getting corny on me, Lee.  I'll kick your ass from here to Compton.
69) 17) dialog: Don't you talk about my mama. (winks at Lee)
70) 0) text: The truck is parked in the underground loading docks.  It approached by FOUR TRIAD SOLDIERS.  Soldier #1 opens the TRUCK'S DOUBLE DOORS to find. Lee and Carter are gone.  Except for boxes of money, the truck bed is EMPTY. Two soldiers enter the truck bed.
70) 1) text: Lee and Carter WEDGED up against the CEILING of the truck bed.  Above the doors and over the soldiers. Lee and Carter SWING DOWN in unison -- knocking both sold to the ground.  In the next instant:
71) 0) text: Lee and Carter run through - it extends out from the underground loading docks.
72) 1) text: Lee and Carter coming up from the manhole -- standing together in stunned disbelief as they look out at the LAS VEGAS STRIP.  They cover their eyes, blinded by the great light show in the world.
72) 3) dialog: Lee.  I just got an idea how someone could launder a hundred million dollars in cash. They both turn around and come FACE TO FACE WITH: A TEN-STORY DRAGON.  Fire shoots from its nostrils every SECONDS.  EXT. RED DRAGON HOTEL AND CASINO - NIGHT
72) 4) text: FIRE BALLS BLOW out over the strip as Lee and Carter look at the RED DRAGON.  The HUGE NEON SIGN READS: GRAND OPENI
72) 7) dialog: That was the name of Ricky Tan's boat. Lee and Carter watch as limos pull up to the front of the hotel -- it's like a HOLLYWOOD PREMIERE.  The richest of rich are making their way inside.
72) 9) dialog: Wait a second.  We can't go in like this.  Look at this place, we gotta look fly.  We gotta Mac out.
72) 11) dialog: Follow me my Asian brother. Carter and Lee start to walk away.
72) 12) dialog: Just stay down wind, because I think you stepped in some serious rat shit down there.
73) 0) text: Lee and Carter are walking into the upscale clothing stor
74) 2) dialog: Black.  42-long.  Nothing touches this body but pure silk.  And get my partner something from the children's department. Carter puts his hand on Lee's shoulder.
74) 4) dialog: Couple?  No, you got it wrong, there's no couple here.  Just two single police officers working a very dangerous case.
74) 7) dialog: This is the last time I go shopping with you.
75) 0) text: Lee and Carter enter frame, dressed to kill - perfectly tailored couture Versace suits, gold watches, the whole b Le is awkward in "player" guise.
75) 1) dialog: (whispering)
75) 2) text: Remember, Lee, you're a player now.  You own the place. Carter pulls out his ALTOIDS, and he and Lee each take on they walk through the doors.
76) 0) text: Carter STRUTS through the lobby, Lee doing his best to imitate Carter's pimp and roll.  THEY WALK PAST THE GIANT
76) 2) dialog: That looks exactly like my Uncle Darrell.
76) 4) dialog: Buddha is the symbol for fat and lazy.  The man has the biggest tits in Asia. They are moving through the MAIN ENTRY HALL lined with TE COTTA CHINESE SOLDIERS - posed and dressed for battle. RICKSHAWS and BICYCLES take people through the hotel.  Th MAIN CASINO is roped off and empty.  People crowded aroun the perimeter - a sign reads:
76) 7) text: Ladies and gentlemen, I have found that lost treasure.  It is here, inside the greatest casino in the world!  Welcome to the Red Dragon, where everybody is a winner! Reign smiles, flips a switch -- the CASINO COMES TO LIFE. Fireworks, bright lights, endless rows of tables, dealers waiting. A BAND PLAYS on a stage in the casino lounge. Chinese ACROBATS perform suspended from the ceiling and o the balconies above. Applause all around as the FLAME shoots out of the dragon nostrils and the acrobats perform.  Carter and Lee walk d the red carpet.
76) 8) dialog: (to waitress)
77) 3) dialog: Look at this place, Lee.  The biggest front in the world. As people pour into the casino, Steven Reign is making hi way through the crowd, shaking hands and posing for pictu
77) 5) dialog: Wait here.  I'll handle this. As Carter walks off, a WOMAN grabs Lee and pulls him onto dance floor.
79) 0) text: As Steven Reign makes his way through the casino, Carter steps right in front of him, giving him a big hug.
79) 1) dialog: Stevie, how's it going my man?  Somebody get a picture, we can use it for a mug shot.
79) 3) dialog: Lemme ask you something, Steven.  And I want the truth.  Is there any way I can date your daughter?  Just dinner and a movie, maybe go listen to some jazz...
79) 5) dialog: You're right, you're a smart guy.  Most counterfeiters only get ten cents on the dollar.  But this is an even swap.  Pure genius.
80) 6) text: But I'll help you. Lee holds her for a long BEAT, their lips almost touching He finally lets her go, and she disappears into the crowd Carter walks up, sees Lee standing alone on the dance flo
80) 7) dialog: Lee, what the hell are you doing?
80) 9) dialog: Dancing?  I'm out here trying to strong arm Steven Reign, putting my life on the line, and you're up here dancing with some bimbo.  Did she have a friend?
80) 11) dialog: Isabella?  Are you crazy, man?  She almost got us killed.  She's setting you up again!
80) 13) dialog: Wait a second.  There's guards all over the place.  You'll need a distraction. Carter looks around the casino.
80) 14) dialog: I'll go to the craps table, make a big scene.  When security comes over, you make your move.  
80) 16) dialog: I'll give it my best shot.
80) 18) text: Carter walks up to a CRAPS TABLE, everyone turning to sta
80) 20) dialog: I saw the sign, I can read.  Now gimme a hundred-thousand in chips.  And a Diet Coke and some wash-n-dries.  Let's move, people, I came to play. The DEALER pushes 100K worth of CHIPS in front of Carter.
80) 21) dialog: What the hell is that?
80) 23) dialog: Did you give me five-hundred dollar chips because I'm black?
80) 25) dialog: You assumed a brother coming in here can only afford five-hundred dollars a roll, is that right?  Are you a racist?
80) 27) dialog: (starting to scream)
81) 0) text: The SECURITY GUARD lowers his walkie-talkie, starts movin towards Carter's table.
82) 0) text: TWO SECURITY GUARDS approach Carter's table.
82) 1) dialog: Answer me one question.  How come Ben Vereen isn't performing here at the hotel?  Is Ben Vereen not good enough for you people?
82) 3) dialog: Lionel Ritchie hasn't been black since the Commodores.
82) 5) dialog: I have a dream, where black people and white people can gamble together without getting different chips! A BIG CROWD has gathered as the Security Guards try and p their way through.  The pit boss picks up the phone, call upstairs.
82) 6) dialog: Sing with me!  "We shall overcome!" Carter starts clapping, and the confused crowd joins in a the Security Guards move in.
82) 7) dialog: Thank you.  Now in the spirit of brotherhood, let's play craps!
84) 0) text: A crowd has gathered behind Carter who is at the table rolling dice, a huge stack of chips in front of him.
84) 2) dialog: How much is that?
84) 4) dialog: Two-hundred thousand dollars?  Who wants a hundred dollars? Carter turns to the MAN next to him, who wears a traditio AFRICAN ROBE and is standing with a giant blonde escort.
84) 5) dialog: Here, your highness, have a hundred dollars.  The Viagra is on me tonight!
84) 8) dialog: Don't say that, we're all royalty.  My great grandmammy was Queen Nephertit -- we probably cousins, man.  How much you got on the table?
84) 10) dialog: Yeah, we definitely cousins now.  Who wants to blow on my hand for luck? Carter turns to a BIG TEXAN who is standing with a GORGEO YOUNG GIRL who is falling out of her dress.
84) 11) dialog: Hey, Marlboro man, you mind if your lady blows on my hand for luck?
84) 14) dialog: Can I come over for Thanksgiving?  Come on, baby, give me some luck. The GIRL blows on the dice, and Carter stares down at her
84) 15) dialog: Nice blowing.  When's your next birthday, I'll be the cake.
84) 17) dialog: Don't threaten me.  I got friends in this town that will bite off your ears.  Just sit tight, because I've got the dice and I am on fire! Carter throws the dice.
84) 19) dialog: Let it ride!
86) 0) text: Carter has two racks of chips in front of him, a huge cro surrounding him.
86) 2) dialog: I'm up a hundred and fifty-grand.  That's a Ferrari.  Do they sell those here in the gift shop?  Somebody cash me out! Several TRIAD SOLDIERS dressed like SECURITY GUARDS appro Carter's table.
86) 4) dialog: That would be great.  Don't want any of these rich white people to jump me. As they walk toward the door marked "VIP ROOM", Carter glances at the MEN, knows he's in deep shit.
88) 0) text: Two security guards lead Carter away from the table when:
88) 2) dialog: Lee!! The guards restrain him.
88) 3) dialog: Lemme ask you something.  Any of you ever felt $500,000 before? He SLAMS THE RACK OF CHIPS ACROSS THEIR FACES -- chips fl as the GUARDS hit the floor.
88) 4) dialog: Doesn't feel so good, does it?
90) 2) dialog: Black man gets on a hot streak and you're all trippin'? Carter and Lee see each other.  They have the same simultaneous though:
90) 3) dialog: (help!)
90) 7) dialog: Check it out.  Catfight! POW!  He socks a GUARD in the face.
92) 0) text: A security guard CLIMBS on the table to level Carter when arrives.  He kicks the guard off and turns to Carter, his plea MUFFLED.
92) 1) dialog: What the HELL are you doing with tape on your face? No time to explain -- two more security guards arrive.  K and punches fly, but Lee CAN'T GET HIT IN THE MOUTH!  He and weaves, holding his hands to Carter to untie them in between swings.  Suddenly: BLAM!  BLAM!  BLAM!  GUNSHOTS from the Eye In The Sky Roo Everyone HITS THE DECK.  Carter and Lee dive on to the fl as panic ripples through the Casino.  People FLEE for the EXITS. THE WAITRESS DESERTS HER TRAY.  It gets knocked over and on the floor.  The DETONATOR LANDS feet away from Carter.
92) 2) dialog: This can't be good. Lee's eyes BUG - he sees it too, feet STAMPEDING past it! high heel misses it by a fraction of an inch.  He LUNGES it, manages to CRADLE it in his taped hands when -- WHAM!  He is BUMPED and it FLIES AWAY.  The second it hit the floor, it is KICKED, skittering down the red carpet. ABOVE...the victor emerges in the Eye in the Sky Room.  H STEPS OUT on the PAGODA ROOF and JUMPS DOWN.   The DETONATOR ROLLS right past Hu Li.  As she bends to PI up the detonator, Lee knows he won't get there in time.  Horrified, he SCREAMS at CARTER through the tape. Hu Li lifts the detonator. Carter finally pulls the TAPE OFF Lee's face. Lee SPITS the grenade into the air.
92) 7) dialog: Why didn't you tell me you had a bomb in your mouth?
92) 9) dialog: No you didn't!
92) 12) dialog: What?!?!
92) 14) dialog: Hold on! Carter stuffs his pockets with chips, then races after Le But halfway up the carpet.  Carter stops.  Lee turns to s what is holding him up.   Hu Li SURVIVED the blast and Carter has turned to face he
92) 15) dialog: You go after Ricky.  I got this.
92) 17) dialog: Just GO! Lee turns and runs off past the dragon.  Unfortunately, F TRIADS block his path.  In a flurry of PUNCHES, Lee makes short work of them, and races toward the elevators.
92) 19) dialog: I'm not gonna hold you back this time just because you're a woman.  I'm gonna pretend you're a man. She pulls off her jacket, prepares to fight him in her undershirt.
92) 20) dialog: A very beautiful man with a perfect body who I'd like to take to the movies. She takes a sword from a Terra Cotta statue, SWINGS IT AR like a master.
92) 21) dialog: I may have been absent the day we went over this in karate class. Quick, Carter reaches for a fighting stick off a Terra Co soldier.  WHOOSH!  She SLICES IT IN HALF.  Carter reaches another.  SLICE!  She's toying with him.
95) 0) text: WHOOSH!  Another Terra Cotta fighting stick is in half in Carter's hands.
95) 1) dialog: Will you STOP?!?! (picks up cocktail umbrella)
95) 2) text: What am I supposed to fight you with? No more toying.  Hu Li CHARGES Carter, who GRABS a ROULET WHEEL as a MAKESHIFT SHIELD.  She SLICES it in HALF!  He' got nowhere to hide. She JABS him with the sword.  Carter SCREAMS.  Falls back against the table, clutching his chest.  Hu Li WINDMILLS, kicking a Terra Cotta soldier on top of Carter, but --
95) 4) dialog: When are you people gonna learn?  Don't mess with the brothas! WEAK in the KNEES, Carter looks to the SOUND ON HIS CHEST reaches through the slice in his jacket.  Instead of a ha covered in blood, it comes out with a THICK WAD OF CASH!
95) 5) dialog: Thank you, Benjamin! Carter runs for the elevator.
95) 13) dialog: Hey, Ricky, how's it going man?  What's up, Lee? Lee has the gun pressed to Tan's head.  We've never seen like this before.
95) 15) dialog: Lee, you okay? Lee doesn't respond.  He keeps an eye on Ricky.
95) 17) dialog: Lee, wait a second.  It's not worth it, man.  He's making you do this.
95) 20) dialog: C'mon, Lee.  He's going to jail.  You won, now just put the gun down. Lee is trying to pull the trigger, but he can't.
97) 0) text: Lee and Carter are looking down at the street, both relie it's finally over.  Carter puts his hand on Lee's shoulde
97) 1) dialog: I don't know about you, but I need a wine cooler. As they turn to the door -- Hu Li is walking toward them, bleeding and half-dead.  She has ANOTHER BOMB IN HER HAND This one twice the size of the one from earlier.
97) 4) dialog: Please tell me she just asked for a ride to the airport. Hu Li hits the switch - starts to smile.  Lee and Carter and RUN for the OPEN WINDOW.
98) 0) text: Lee and Carter DIVE OUT THE WINDOW, grab a cable just as
99) 0) text: Lee and Carter land in the back.  Slam into their seats a try to catch their breath.  The TWO MEN STARTING TO LAUGH when they realize they're alive!
99) 1) dialog: We made it, man.
100) 0) text: Lee is talking with a bandaged Isabella, who is standing Sterling and several other SECRET SERVICE AGENTS.  Lee an Isabella hug goodbye.  As she walks off to board her plan Lee slowly walks back to Carter who is smiling.
100) 1) dialog: I saw that.  She kissed you, didn't she?  You played it cool, though.  Walking away, never looking back.
100) 3) dialog: That your gate down there?
100) 5) dialog: I'm this way.  I guess this is goodbye.
100) 7) dialog: You take care of yourself, Lee. Carter steps back, BOWS TO LEE.  Lee SHAKES CARTER'S HAND like a brother.  The two men smile.  Turn to walk away.
100) 9) dialog: Your father's badge?  No way, man.  I can't take this.
100) 11) dialog: In that case, I got something for you.  I picked it up at the hotel. Carter pulls out a WAD OF CASH.
100) 13) dialog: About fifty grand.  I won it at the tables.
100) 15) dialog: It's okay, I got lots more. Carter pulls out another wad of cash.
100) 16) dialog: They owe us, man.  That's the least they can do.
100) 18) dialog: Come on, Lee.  Stop being a cop for five minutes and live it up.  There must be something you want. Lee looks back toward Isabella.
100) 20) dialog: New York City?
100) 22) dialog: The Plaza Hotel?
100) 24) dialog: Some Kung-Pao? They look at each other, smile.
100) 25) dialog: I could use a little vacation.