1) 0) text: THE AMERICAN EMBASSY - U.S. and Chinese flags side by sid HU LI, dark glasses, EXITS and slowly moves toward a STRE VENDOR across the street. She pays for an order of pork bao; as she takes her first bite we see:
1) 2) dialog: (Chinese, subtitled)
10) 1) dialog: As she steps to the edge... BOOM!  The STAIRWELL DOOR FLI OPEN and CARTER EMERGES.  Gun low and ready.  Hu Li is go
10) 3) text: Freeze!  Nobody move! Carter goes to the edge and sees Lee hanging on a pole be Carter is blind-sided by Hu Li. She takes one sultry step towards him, then twists her he and WINDMILLS a HARD KICK that sends Carter FLYING OFF TH
33) 0) text: A 190-FOOT YACHT is anchored in Victoria Harbor.  Ricky T walks along the top deck with HU LI, disappearing into a crowd of people who are partying on the ship. Carter steps out of the cab.
36) 0) text: As Carter walks through the ship, he grabs a handful of f from a waiter, his eyes searching the crowd, rounds a cor - almost stepping right into HU LI, who's approaching STE REIGN.  Steven Reign is in his 50's -- perfectly groomed, impeccably dressed - his looks and bearing say one thing money.  He's got the big party smile on, but as Hu Li arrives, Reign's face shifts and his eyes go dead -- the billionai as sociopath. Carter steps back, but sees Reign Whisper to Hu Li.  Cart hides and turns away as Hu Li instinctively scans the roo for signs of trouble.  He heads into the main party. Carter stops walking when he comes upon ISABELLA MOLINA, stunning brunette, sitting at the bar drinking a glass of champagne.  Carter lights her cigarette for her.
37) 15) text: It looks like HUGH HEFNER'S BEDROOM complete with ROUND B and SUNKEN BAR.  Ricky Tan sits in front of a big screen satellite TV screaming at the Lakers.  Hu Li opens the do and the bodyguards lead Lee into the bedroom.
37) 20) text: Leave us alone. Hu Li hesitates, upset at being dismissed.
40) 0) text: Hu Li moves quickly down the hallway, rounding a corner a suddenly goes FLYING, landing flat on her face. It's Carter, who ran to the sound of the gunshot, and TRI Hu Li with his leg.
42) 0) text: Carter and Hu Li face off.
44) 0) text: Lee and Carter run up to the stern at the same time -- watching helplessly as Hu Li gets away in the speed boat. Carter turns his head, sees -- -- STEVEN REIGN at the other end of the boat, watching Hu escape, not at all behaving like a panicky billionaire sh during a gangland shooting.  Wordlessly, Reign disappears back into the shadows.
54) 15) text: And Hu Li killed him for the plates.
62) 1) dialog: Who has her gun out.  Waiting for them.  ISABELLA is stan near by, and ZING is visible off to the side.  An 18-WHEE in the loading bay is just being shut and locked.  A LIMO parked beside it. Lee and Carter both assume fighting positions.  When most the other WORKERS pull guns; other TRIAD SOLDIERS step ou putting their guns close on Lee and Carter.  They can't b without getting mowed down.
62) 2) dialog: (in Chinese)
62) 3) text: The great Chief Inspector Lee -- I will be remembered for ridding the Triads of your petulance. Hu Li savors the moment.
62) 7) dialog: Put them in the truck. The WORKERS pick up Lee, bring him to the back of the tru
67) 0) text: Hu Li and Isabella sit in the back of one of the limos th is driving behind the truck.  Hu Li is on the car phone.
67) 1) dialog: Don't worry, the plates are safe.  Yes, the dragon's been fed. She HANGS UP and glances at Isabella, who is doing her be to appear completely uninterested.
83) 3) dialog: (in Chinese)
83) 5) dialog: (continuing in Chinese)
84) 21) text: The elevator doors OPEN and Lee is led toward the eye in sky room by Hu Li and the three Triads.  As they walk int the room, the Triads remain outside guarding the room.
85) 0) text: FORTY VIDEO MONITORS show every inch of the hotel.  A MAN stands in front of the two-way mirror looking down at the casino, the reflection off the glass obscuring his featur Lee has the tape around his mouth and his hands tied behi his back as he's led into the room by Hu Li.
85) 4) dialog: (in Chinese)
87) 0) text: Ricky Tan turns to Hu Li.
87) 2) text: Have fun. Ricky Tan walks out.  Hu Li holds the detonator up to Lee plays with the button.
87) 3) dialog: (in Chinese)
87) 4) text: In a few minutes...you'll beg me to push this button. Hu Li pulls her KNIFE, moves towards Lee.  She holds the blade to his face.  About to cut him.  When Isabella pull her gun. Isabella walks toward Lee, whose hands are still tied beh his back.  Hu Li clutches the detonator in one hand, her knife in the other.  She takes a step toward Isabella.
87) 8) dialog: Get the detonator! The Triads go for the detonator -- as Lee gets to his fee KICKS Hu Li's legs out from under her. One of the Triads about to pick up the detonator - but Le gets to him first.  He fights with one hand tied behind h back. Hu Li and Isabella fight it out in the EYE IN THE SKY ROO Lee gets kicked towards the Eye In The Sky WINDOW.
89) 0) text: Hu Li picks up the detonator.  WHACK!  A heeled foot kick from her grasp.  Isabella has recovered!  The detonator F OUT THE BROKEN WINDOW.
91) 0) text: Isabella and Hu Li are locked in battle.  Rolling to the floor, they both see the gun.  They scramble over each ot to get to it first.
92) 4) text: Bomb!!! Hu Li HITS the TRIGGER just as it lands on a roulette tab
95) 2) text: What am I supposed to fight you with? No more toying.  Hu Li CHARGES Carter, who GRABS a ROULET WHEEL as a MAKESHIFT SHIELD.  She SLICES it in HALF!  He' got nowhere to hide. She JABS him with the sword.  Carter SCREAMS.  Falls back against the table, clutching his chest.  Hu Li WINDMILLS, kicking a Terra Cotta soldier on top of Carter, but --
97) 2) dialog: (in Chinese)