36) 0) text: As Carter walks through the ship, he grabs a handful of f from a waiter, his eyes searching the crowd, rounds a cor - almost stepping right into HU LI, who's approaching STE REIGN.  Steven Reign is in his 50's -- perfectly groomed, impeccably dressed - his looks and bearing say one thing money.  He's got the big party smile on, but as Hu Li arrives, Reign's face shifts and his eyes go dead -- the billionai as sociopath. Carter steps back, but sees Reign Whisper to Hu Li.  Cart hides and turns away as Hu Li instinctively scans the roo for signs of trouble.  He heads into the main party. Carter stops walking when he comes upon ISABELLA MOLINA, stunning brunette, sitting at the bar drinking a glass of champagne.  Carter lights her cigarette for her.
36) 2) dialog: Isabella Molina, from San Juan.  That seat is taken.
36) 5) dialog: (in English)
36) 8) dialog: This is your ship?
36) 10) dialog: El Capitan?
36) 12) dialog: Well, I'm very tempted.  It's such a beautiful yacht.  What's it called?
36) 15) dialog: The S.S. Minow Johnson.  Funny, the name on the back was "Red Dragon."
36) 17) dialog: I'm sure, because this is my friend's yacht.  And it's his party.
36) 22) dialog: Somebody who got on the wrong yacht.
36) 26) dialog: Enjoy the party, Mr. Carter. Carter nods, waves.  Steven Reign and Isabella walk away. Carter's watching.
46) 50) dialog: As she turns to the window.  A TAPE RECORDER in hand.  Sh puts the recording device away, walks back into the bedro and puts on a robe.
47) 0) text: Isabella closes the door.  She BRINGS THE BOMB WITH HER a she walks into the bedroom --
50) 0) text: Isabella takes her robe off, glances at the package, pick up and starts to open it as Lee and Carter come BURSTING THROUGH the BEDROOM DOOR.
53) 5) dialog: Get on your feet. Lee and Carter stand and face Isabella - watch as Isabell begins to open the package.
53) 8) dialog: You see, no bomb.  Now stay away before I throw you both in jail for obstruction.
53) 10) dialog: I'm an undercover agent for the United States Secret Service.
53) 14) dialog: I know who you are, Inspector Lee.
53) 17) dialog: We need to get out of sight.  Come down to my suite.
54) 1) dialog: (she locks the door)
54) 4) dialog: They think I'm a crooked customs agent. Lee examines the stack of HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS from Hu Li package.  Carter checks out the suite, pocketing some of food from the mini fridge.
54) 6) dialog: No.  It's a sample.  You guys ever heard of the Superbill?
54) 8) dialog: It's much more than a counterfeit.  14 out of 15 world banks can't tell the difference.  The paper is Crane linen blend -- and the bills are printed on U.S. Intaglio presses.
54) 10) dialog: In 1959, the United States was very friendly with the Shah of Iran.  We wanted his oil, so for the Shah's birthday, the government gave him a gift -- a U.S. Treasury Intaglio press.  The only one to ever leave the country.  Five years ago Ricky Tan bought that press on the black market.
54) 13) dialog: It wasn't hard to spot the fakes until this past year.  Then Tan got hold of one of a kind Swiss made hundred dollar plates -- and started making superbills.
54) 16) dialog: Yes.  They've printed and shipped one hundred million dollars, and there's only one way to spot a fake. Isabella lights a HUNDRED DOLLAR BILL on fire, and it bur RED.
54) 17) dialog: They use an optical transfer ink from India that burns red -- the real ink burns black.
54) 19) dialog: The real question is, where are the plates?  If we can find the plates, we can stop the whole operation. Isabella thinks for a beat.
54) 20) dialog: Maybe that's where you can help us.  Carter, this is your city, right? Carter nods.
54) 21) dialog: And Lee, you know Hu Li and the Triads? Lee nods.
54) 22) dialog: Okay, find out where Hu Li's keeping the plates. (hands Lee a card with a phone number)
54) 23) text: Welcome aboard, gentlemen.  From this moment on, you're working for the United States Secret Service. Isabella opens the door to let Lee and Carter out.  They quickly, trying to hide their excitement.  CAMERA STAYS o Isabella as she takes out her CELL PHONE, punches in a number.
54) 25) dialog: Lee and Carter are officially out of the Secret Service's way...
62) 5) dialog: Hu Li, I think there's someone who will want to talk to them first. Hu Li looks at Isabella, nods an acknowledgement.  BANG! falls.  Isabella's knocked him out from behind with the b of her gun. BANG!  Carter drops to one knee as Hu Li POUNDS him acros the jaw with her fist.
67) 0) text: Hu Li and Isabella sit in the back of one of the limos th is driving behind the truck.  Hu Li is on the car phone.
78) 1) dialog: Put your arms around me.
78) 3) dialog: Hold me close.  There's cameras everywhere. An ASIAN BAND sings STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT as Lee tries h best to slow dance.  An intimate moment between Isabella Lee, her face nestled in the crook of his neck, hiding he face.
78) 5) dialog: I need your help.
78) 7) dialog: I'm undercover.  I had no choice.  You have to trust me. Lee starts to get into the music, moving his hips in a sl sensual rhythm.
78) 8) dialog: You move well.
78) 10) dialog: Look over there.  That's the eye in the sky room. Lee looks over her shoulder. 
78) 11) dialog: Behind me is the soft count room.  We're pretty sure the plates are back there.
78) 13) dialog: If I'm wrong then my cover is blown.
80) 0) text: Lee is dancing close with Isabella.
80) 1) dialog: The Secret Service almost busted Reign at his casino in Macao, but the place burned down before we could move in.
80) 3) dialog: Dip me! Lee dips her, holds her in his arms for a long BEAT.
80) 4) dialog: I'm asking for real now -- will you help the Secret Service?
87) 4) text: In a few minutes...you'll beg me to push this button. Hu Li pulls her KNIFE, moves towards Lee.  She holds the blade to his face.  About to cut him.  When Isabella pull her gun. Isabella walks toward Lee, whose hands are still tied beh his back.  Hu Li clutches the detonator in one hand, her knife in the other.  She takes a step toward Isabella.
87) 5) dialog: It's time to end this, Inspector. Isabella cocks the gun, spins back and kicks the detonato from Hu Li's hand -- slamming her against the wall and sticking the gun under her chin.
87) 6) dialog: Don't move!  United States Secret Service. Hu Li WHIPS her KNIFE around, catches Isabella across the hand -- the GUN SLIDING across the room near the detonato the TWO WOMEN fight around it. Lee watches them almost step on it - dives to the floor a rolls toward the detonator.  He's about to grab it when:
89) 0) text: Hu Li picks up the detonator.  WHACK!  A heeled foot kick from her grasp.  Isabella has recovered!  The detonator F OUT THE BROKEN WINDOW.
91) 0) text: Isabella and Hu Li are locked in battle.  Rolling to the floor, they both see the gun.  They scramble over each ot to get to it first.
93) 0) text: Lee's in the elevator as the doors close.  SUDDENLY, a HA cuts through, parting the doors. It's ISABELLA!  A wound on her shoulder.
93) 2) dialog: I'm fine. She steps in, too weak and starts to fall.  Lee grabs her holds her in his arms.  HE gently helps her down.
93) 4) dialog: Now you know. DING!  The elevator doors open.  Isabella holds up a ROOM - the key to the SUITE.  Lee takes the key, backs away an steps into the elevator.
93) 5) dialog: I'll try to get backup.  Be careful. The elevator doors close. 
100) 0) text: Lee is talking with a bandaged Isabella, who is standing Sterling and several other SECRET SERVICE AGENTS.  Lee an Isabella hug goodbye.  As she walks off to board her plan Lee slowly walks back to Carter who is smiling.