57) 0) text: Carter and Lee enter the busy kitchen where the OWNER, a BLACK MAN named KENNY, is yelling in Chinese to an over worked waiter.  Kenny's wife, a spectacular looking Chine woman, works the stove.  A couple of cute half-black, hal Asian kids run around the kitchen.
58) 0) text: MEN seated around several card tables, playing MAH-JONGG big money.  Lee and Kenny follow Carter inside.  It's ver smokey and very crowded.
58) 2) text: This is where I say I'm LAPD in a loud voice, they all scream and run and shit.  Watch.  It's real funny. Kenny grabs Carter's shoulder, pulling him aside.
58) 3) dialog: Come with me.
59) 0) text: Kenny leads Carter and Lee in, closes the door.
59) 1) dialog: Hear you got your ass kicked in Hong Kong, James.
59) 3) dialog: I got my sources.
59) 6) dialog: James, you see my kids back there?  You know how much I'm paying for private school?  How can you come in here with this attitude, you being little Chang's godfather?
59) 8) dialog: Jail!?  James, you better back off.  Badge or no badge, I'll kick your ass.
59) 10) dialog: (to Lee)
59) 11) text: We're on, then. Kenny throws out another precision martial arts sequence Lee BLOCKS -- Kenny ends in an advanced fighting stance.
59) 14) dialog: Master Ching taught me.
59) 16) dialog: No.  Freddy Ching's, in Crenshaw. Lee smiles, Carter looks back and forth from Lee to Kenny
59) 17) dialog: What are you doing hanging out with Baby Duck?
59) 19) dialog: That's what we all used to call him when he was a kid -- cause he was always quacking.  Never shut up.
59) 22) dialog: Is this about the funny money?
59) 24) dialog: You've been asking loud questions in all the wrong places all morning.  How come you always save me for last, James?  When are you gonna learn.  Shit don't happen I don't know about.
59) 26) dialog: I know Teddy Wu is cranking out a pretty good double sawbuck -- but you knew that too, didn't you?
59) 29) dialog: One of my regulars lost fifty thousand dollars at the table here last week.  I was about to send my boys down to tune his ass up, when the guy comes in and pays off the whole thing.  Including the vig -- brand new sequential hundred dollar bills.  I knew something was wrong.  Cause this guy's got a regular job, no way he comes up with fifty grand in cash.  But I tested the bills, infrared.  The whole thing.  And they checked out.  100%.
59) 31) dialog: I still have my lunch money from third grade.
59) 33) dialog: See.  It's perfect. Carter takes out a LIGHTER and holds the flame to it.
59) 34) dialog: Whoa, what are you doing? Kenny's question is answered as the BILL BURNS BRIGHT RED
59) 35) dialog: (pissed off)
59) 38) dialog: You sure you guys don't want to stay and have a bite?  My wife's got the best mu shu this side of Compton. Carter and Lee exchange a look as we CUT TO:  EXT. REIGN PLAZA - DAY