4) 0) text: A dark, upscale club that is packed with GANGSTERS, BEAUT GIRLS and CIVILIANS.  Lee and Carter walk in.  Lee is try to keep a low profile as Carter stares up at the stage, w a man sings Karaoke -- the most painful rendition of Mich Jackson's "DON'T STOP 'TILL YOU GET ENOUGH."
17) 0) text: TWENTY MEN in SILK ROBES lie in reclining chairs, women massaging their feet and hands.  There are BIG SCREEN TV' showing nature films, relaxation music playing in the background.  Lee and Carter sit in the quiet room dressed in MATCHING PURPLE ROBES.  Lee wears SLIPPERS, Carter wears his HIGH TOPS.  Carter is enjoying a hand and neck massage at the time.  A WOMAN walks over and hands them each a drink.
25) 0) text: CARTER starts walking down the street, making his way pas outdoor BUTCHER MARKET, getting strange looks from locals tourists alike.  He motions to an OLD WOMAN who is sellin
27) 0) text: Carter walks down the street holding a CAGE WITH A LIVE R BIRD inside.  He stops a MAN who is sweeping in front of store.
27) 4) dialog: You wish to spank my sister with a ping pong paddle?
27) 6) dialog: Wait here.  I'll go see if she's awake. As the man walks into his store, Carter runs off. Pause. Carter strolls back INTO FRAME, peering into the store to if it's worth staying...
36) 19) text: Oh, man.  I must've walked onto the wrong yacht.  I knew there was a reason my keys didn't work.
43) 0) text: Lee manages to defeat Bodyguards #3 and #4.  As he catche his breath the sound of a SPEED BOAT starting its engines
57) 0) text: Carter and Lee enter the busy kitchen where the OWNER, a BLACK MAN named KENNY, is yelling in Chinese to an over worked waiter.  Kenny's wife, a spectacular looking Chine woman, works the stove.  A couple of cute half-black, hal Asian kids run around the kitchen.
72) 1) text: Lee and Carter coming up from the manhole -- standing together in stunned disbelief as they look out at the LAS VEGAS STRIP.  They cover their eyes, blinded by the great light show in the world.
74) 0) text: As they enter, a SALESMAN approaches them.
78) 0) text: The woman spins to face Lee, her face half-hidden under t dance floor lights.
80) 28) text: Everyone else at the table has thousand dollar chips, but the black man gets the nickel, is that it?  Did my people survive two-hundred years of slavery so you could send us back to the cotton fields with five-hundred dollar chips?  Do I look like Chicken George to you? The PIT BOSS gets on his walkie-talkie.
85) 0) text: FORTY VIDEO MONITORS show every inch of the hotel.  A MAN stands in front of the two-way mirror looking down at the casino, the reflection off the glass obscuring his featur Lee has the tape around his mouth and his hands tied behi his back as he's led into the room by Hu Li.