3) 4) text: We think it's Ricky Tan.  If you don't want to take the case, I'll understand.
13) 7) text: Your father and Ricky Tan were my favorite students... and for such awful things to happen as they did -- Lee cuts off Master Fu's reminisces -- he's obviously uncomfortable.
17) 9) dialog: I'm busy at the moment.
17) 11) dialog: I know you, Detective Carter, right?  You're Lee's American friend.  Enjoying your visit?
17) 14) dialog: Lee, I've missed you, brother. (getting up, giving Lee a hug)
17) 18) dialog: I don't think so... A nod of Ricky Tan's head, and TEN LARGE MEN in robes and towels spring out of reclining chairs -- menacingly facin Lee and Carter.  A beat...
17) 20) dialog: It's no problem.  But I must excuse myself, inspector.
17) 22) dialog: Congratulations.  And good day. As Tan starts to exit, Lee and Carter move to intercept h But they are blocked by TAN'S MEN. Lee grabs one of the men's towels and pulls it off.  The covers his naked body.  Lee is grabbed by one of the othe henchmen, but he escapes and begins kicking ass, using th towel and his own robe to block and wrap another man's ar blocking, kicking, and punching everything in sight -- al the while managing to keep his privates covered with a to his robe, or some other found object. Carter, meanwhile, uses his quick hands to send several m flying back -- grabbing a towel of one of them.
18) 0) text: Ricky Tan's black limo SCREECHES to a stop.  The door fli open and Lee and Carter are TOSSED out onto the highway.  Both men are completely naked.
29) 0) text: Carter finally makes his way to the massage parlor, movin for the FRONT DOOR when he sees RICKY TAN EXIT.  Carter d to the side and watches as Ricky climbs into the back of waiting Daimler. The Daimler drives off.  Carter rushes to the middle of t street with a determined look on his face.
37) 15) text: It looks like HUGH HEFNER'S BEDROOM complete with ROUND B and SUNKEN BAR.  Ricky Tan sits in front of a big screen satellite TV screaming at the Lakers.  Hu Li opens the do and the bodyguards lead Lee into the bedroom.
37) 16) dialog: Come on, Shaq, hit a damn free-throw!  You can do it, big guy.
37) 18) dialog: Shit!  He still doesn't follow through.  I just lost five grand. Tan turns off the TV, turns to Lee.
37) 19) dialog: Why don't we go on the deck, get some air...and some privacy. (to Hu Li)
37) 21) dialog: (to Lee)
37) 30) text: Ricky Tan was his partner for ten years.
38) 1) dialog: Despite what people suspect...what you suspect --
38) 3) dialog: ... if your father were alive, I would be turning to him now. (beat)
38) 7) dialog: Nobody can protect me.  I'll make a deal with you, Lee.  But only iff you'll get me out of Hong Kong.
38) 9) dialog: There is a ship, in the Hong Kong Harbor... Hu Li BURSTS onto the deck, flanked by FOUR BODYGUARDS. Ricky Tan screams something at Hu Li in Chinese.  Hu Li screams back as SHE EMPTIES HER GUN INTO RICKY'S CHEST. falls back, over the rail, and into the water. Lee MOVES TOWARDS HU LI, but the four bodyguards are on L attacking from all sides.  Hu Li exits as Lee tries to fi off the bodyguards.
85) 1) dialog: Imagine a business where people hand you money.  And you hand them back absolutely nothing. Ricky Tan - alive and well, turns around and stares at Le Isabella is standing next to him.  Lee is shocked at the sight of Ricky Tan alive.
85) 2) dialog: Now that's a true American dream.  Thanks to a few pieces of metal and a very greed driven US Customs agent. Ricky Tan walks toward Lee, starts to smile.
85) 3) dialog: Look at you, you're ridiculous.  You know it didn't have to be like this.  But it's too bad!  Like father, like son. Lee stares at Isabella for a BEAT.  Hu Li motions to one the monitors.
85) 5) text: He's going for the plates. Ricky Tan looks at one of the MONITORS, sees Steven Reign walking down a hallway, about to walk into the PENTHOUSE SUITE.
85) 6) dialog: Look at this old fool, what does he think he's doing? Ricky Tan shifts his attention back to Lee.
85) 7) dialog: It's almost impossible to find a partner that's trustworthy and loyal.  Wouldn't you agree, Lee?
85) 9) dialog: Well, at least you will die with honor.  But choy Gien. SUBTITLES: "Won't see you again."
87) 0) text: Ricky Tan turns to Hu Li.
87) 1) dialog: Chai Hu Li. ("Little Fox")
87) 2) text: Have fun. Ricky Tan walks out.  Hu Li holds the detonator up to Lee plays with the button.
94) 0) text: Steven Reign is closing the safe.  There are stacks of HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS on his desk, which he's putting in a black bag along with the plates.  As he turns around, he comes face-to-face with Ricky Tan.
94) 1) dialog: American's love to gamble.  Don't they, Mr. Reign?
94) 3) dialog: And my plates?
94) 5) dialog: I enjoyed that little story you told about the Dragon and the treasure.  My mother used to tell it to me all the time.  Do you know the moral of that story, Mr. Reign?
94) 7) dialog: I hate that fortune cookie shit. Lee BURSTS through the suite door - watches as Reign fall dead to the floor.  Ricky takes the black bag off the des
95) 8) dialog: You're just like your father, Lee.  All these years hiding behind his badge.  I wanted to help him, to share with him, but he was too afraid of change.  When you think about it, I didn't really kill him.  I just put him out of his misery.
95) 10) dialog: I don't think it's over.  There are casinos all over this country.  Let me make you a rich man, Lee.  Don't make the same mistake he did. Ricky glances at the gun in Reign's belt.
95) 12) dialog: Don't you remember?  I'm already dead. Ricky makes a play for the gun, but Lee is much too fast, taking the gun and pushing Ricky against the wall just as Carter bursts in the room.
95) 14) dialog: Would you like me to tell you how your father died?
95) 16) dialog: He never begged for his life.  Or tried to make a deal.  All that he asked me, just seconds before I pulled the trigger, was that I promise not to kill you. Lee's finger is on the trigger -- he wants to pull the trigger but can't.
95) 19) dialog: Do you have it in you, Lee?  Or are you gonna spend the rest of your life hiding like your father?
95) 21) dialog: That's what I thought. Tan takes the black bag and swings it toward Lee -- the plates hit him across the face and knock him down.