36) 0) text: As Carter walks through the ship, he grabs a handful of f from a waiter, his eyes searching the crowd, rounds a cor - almost stepping right into HU LI, who's approaching STE REIGN.  Steven Reign is in his 50's -- perfectly groomed, impeccably dressed - his looks and bearing say one thing money.  He's got the big party smile on, but as Hu Li arrives, Reign's face shifts and his eyes go dead -- the billionai as sociopath. Carter steps back, but sees Reign Whisper to Hu Li.  Cart hides and turns away as Hu Li instinctively scans the roo for signs of trouble.  He heads into the main party. Carter stops walking when he comes upon ISABELLA MOLINA, stunning brunette, sitting at the bar drinking a glass of champagne.  Carter lights her cigarette for her.
36) 20) dialog: (taking seat next to Isabella)
36) 24) dialog: (ushering away Isabella)
44) 0) text: Lee and Carter run up to the stern at the same time -- watching helplessly as Hu Li gets away in the speed boat. Carter turns his head, sees -- -- STEVEN REIGN at the other end of the boat, watching Hu escape, not at all behaving like a panicky billionaire sh during a gangland shooting.  Wordlessly, Reign disappears back into the shadows.
76) 6) dialog: A thousand years ago, a small, wealthy village in China hired a young Dragon to guard their treasure in a cave, hoping to scare off potential bandits.  Their plan worked quite well, until the people of the village started sneaking the Dragon extra food -- hoping to make him bigger and stronger.  The Dragon ate so much and grew so big -- that he eventually got stuck inside the cave -- and the treasure was stuck behind him for all eternity. (beat)
79) 0) text: As Steven Reign makes his way through the casino, Carter steps right in front of him, giving him a big hug.
79) 2) dialog: Detective Carter, you always seem to show up where you don't belong.
79) 4) dialog: Vegas has been my town for 30 years.  I crawled out from under the first rock.  Do you really think you can intimidate me here?
79) 6) dialog: You play games with me, Detective, and you'll lose every time.  Don't forget.  The odds are always in favor of the house. Reign walks off with his men.  Carter watches him leave.
85) 5) text: He's going for the plates. Ricky Tan looks at one of the MONITORS, sees Steven Reign walking down a hallway, about to walk into the PENTHOUSE SUITE.
94) 0) text: Steven Reign is closing the safe.  There are stacks of HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS on his desk, which he's putting in a black bag along with the plates.  As he turns around, he comes face-to-face with Ricky Tan.
94) 2) dialog: I'm cutting our deal short.  I'm leaving.
94) 4) dialog: They stay with me.  I'm sure you won't have a problem with that. Reign shows Tan the gun in his belt.  Grabs the bag and starts to walk toward the door.
94) 6) dialog: Greed will imprison us all. Tan grabs Reign from behind and stabs him with a knife.