15) 0) text: Quoyle moving in his parents' cluttered parlor like a man underwater.  A room as drab, as neglected, as Brooklyn th the window.  He stands at a shelf now, staring at a row o photos.  Lifts one... ...a BOY of 15, bundled for winter, stands by a frozen po Stocky, sullen, something unpleasant in the narrow eyes. to him, not touching, a GIRL, big for 12.  Rawboned, husk gaze, like something's dead or hidden. Quoyle walks to the table.  A cardboard box has been fill mementos.  A slip of paper:  AGNIS HAMM, a telephone numb phone is RINGING now.  Quoyle staring at the paper.  Fina the phone, breathes an absent greeting, and...
17) 1) dialog: Nephew, I'm your Aunt.  Agnis Hamm.
17) 3) dialog: You sick?  It's nine o'clock.
17) 6) dialog: Losin' your wife, your folks, and your job'd depress anybody.  It's a wonder you don't sleep all day.
17) 8) dialog: Thought I'd stay a day or two. Give you some relief with th...
17) 9) text: And stops.  The mouth doesn't smile.  But the eyes crinkl toward... ...Bunny.  Who has crept out in her jammies.  Hugging a s Pepperidge Farm cookies like it was a teddy. AGNIS (to Bunny) You like blue dogs named Warren?
17) 11) dialog: I got one in the car.
18) 4) text: Agnis in the good chair.  Teacup on her ample lap.  Asses photo on the end table, Petal's arctic eyes, rigidly sedu pose.  The snapshot enshrined by a neighboring votive ros jelly jar glass.
18) 5) dialog: So she wasn't just a bitch in high heels?
18) 7) dialog: Don't stress.  She mighta heard worse from her momma.  I'm only guessin'.
18) 9) dialog: People.  Are a cynical lot.
18) 11) text: Agnis' unblinking eyes.
18) 12) dialog: I think the evidence.  Is on your side.
18) 14) dialog: I'm headed north, Nephew, to where our family comes from, in Newfoundland.  Thought I'd never go back.  But the older y'get...
18) 16) dialog: There's a pull.  Becomes an ache. As if where your people started held a purpose for you.  Like you're a piece in a puzzle...
18) 18) dialog: ...lookin' for where y'fit.
18) 20) dialog: You, too.
18) 23) dialog: You need to come, Nephew.
18) 25) dialog: Nothin' here but hurt.  You got to start fresh, everythin's gone!
18) 27) dialog: The trip'll clear your head. Be educational for the squirt. Teach ya the world's still spinnin' outside this toxic slice o'Hades. And who knows...?
18) 29) dialog: They must have a newspaper up there.  Somebody's gotta write it.
18) 31) dialog: Tell the truth, I'd appreciate the company.  You two are pretty much my family.
18) 33) dialog: A pot o'coffee would hit the spot. Drop o'whiskey would fit nice in it.
18) 35) dialog: Which one's my brother?
18) 40) dialog: Coffee.  And maybe a sweet.
18) 42) dialog: She needs to go outside.
18) 44) text: She runs out, the dog trotting after.  Alone now... ...Agnis pulls something from her large carpetbag purse. oversized ZIPLOC BAG.  She stands.  Crosses to... ...her brother's urn.  She removes the lid.  Turns the hu upside down to COVER the urn.  Then, in one deft movement ...UPENDS the urn, a cascade of ash tumbling into the Zip Seals it.  Sets it to one side.  Then, from her purse... ...another ziploc already filled with replacement ashes. just enough into the urn.  That should do it.  Stashes th back in her purse.  Turns now to lift... ...the Ziploc with her brother's remains.  Stares at it. Hamlet with Yorrick's skull.
18) 45) dialog: What say, Guy?  The dumpster?
18) 47) dialog: Just a thought.
20) 1) dialog: They draft off our air currents, it's quite premeditated.
20) 3) dialog: They actually know the ferry schedule.  Show up on time better'n the Newfies.
20) 5) dialog: ...image of m'sister, Feeny. She's married to a falconer in Arabia, now.  Has to wear a black thing over her face.
20) 8) dialog: Nice.  To be with family.
20) 10) dialog: 'Specially big shots.  Who can land a job with one phone call.
21) 1) dialog: On the map, here.  Quoyle Point. Named after us.  You.
22) 0) text: The car pulls up in a shroud of mist.  Our family climbs stares into what seems the center of a dense cloud, until ...the fog LIFTS.  And like a ghost, a GREEN HOUSE appear disappears.  Then, APPEARS again.  This time, to stay. AGNIS (bottomless pride) I was born here.
22) 3) dialog: Empty 44 years.  And look at that roofline, straight as a ruler.
22) 6) text: She takes Bunny's squirming hand and starts toward the ho crossing Jordan. AGNIS (calling back) The whole thing's lashed with cable, to iron rings set in the rock!
22) 7) text: He just stands there.  Sees the cables now, the rings. QUOYLE (calling out) Uh.  Why would they do th... AGNIS (calling back) Long story!
23) 0) text: Inside the dank, corroding place.  We can feel all 44 yea abandonment.  CRASH! The door FLIES open.  Quoyle with hi iron steps aside, and... ...Agnis drags Bunny inside.  The wind shrieking low thro openings like proper spirits.  Even this bold child is fr So Agnis leans to murmur...
23) 1) dialog: Up those stairs, Aunt Pinkie slept. So fat she couldn't get down to her chamber pot.  Wanna see if she's still there?
23) 2) text: Asked as a serious question.  Bunny nods.  Let's. ANGLE...upstairs now.  Agnis marching through like MacArt reclaiming the Philippines.  Room after rough-hewn spacio light spiking through a thousand roof holes in assorted s
23) 3) dialog: Well.  Too late to drive that road back 'round the bay.  We'll camp in here tonight.  Be right as rain.
25) 17) text: She doesn't smile back.  Returns to her work.  He looks o cliff, to see Agnis staring across the bay, Warren sittin side.  He pulls on his boots.  Gets to his feet.
25) 28) text: And makes a funny gesture, like peeling his eyeballs.  Sh back to work.  His eyes linger.  Then, he heads off towar cliff.  When he gets there... AGNIS (staring across the bay) I'll get us a carpenter.  Fix the place up in no time.  We'll find a rooming house til th...
25) 31) dialog: Only I weren't born.  On the Riviera.
25) 33) dialog: Flour Sack Cove.  What time's your interview at that paper? Ten o'clock?
25) 35) dialog: The drive's a bitch.  We'll buy us a boat.
29) 0) text: Quoyle pulls up beside the ancestral home.  Agnis stands back of a rented truck, sorting through materials in the Across a stretch of ground, Bunny is earnestly pretend-re book to Warren, who lies listlessly before her. Quoyle comes up behind Agnis.  He carries a newspaper and excited air.
29) 5) dialog: Nephew, we can't fix up the house proper on a journalist's wages. So I have un-retired.
29) 8) dialog: Upholstery.  Been sought after for 33 years, wherever I've lived. This should be the real test, huh?
29) 10) dialog: This is Dennis Buggit, master carpenter.
29) 18) dialog: With me workin', we'll need day care for Bunny after school.  Turns out Dennis and his wife send their little girl to this wonderful saintly woman.  How's that for us livin' a charmed life?
29) 22) dialog: Well, course we're buy... QUOYLE (to Dennis) Buggit, huh?  Any kin to my boss on the Gammy Bird?
29) 24) text: Even the eyes glance down.  What is that?  In the wake of AGNIS (cheerful) Gonna chat up yer daughter, or just ignore her as usual?
34) 4) dialog: ...never said not.  Ask better questions, you got a chance fer better answers.  Got my shop set up in Killick-Claw, now.
34) 6) dialog: Two good workers.  Mrs. Mavis Bangs is an old plow horse like m'self.  But Dawn...
34) 8) dialog: Dawn's young and on the sexy side.  You oughta drop by and say hullo.
34) 11) text: Agnis looks at him.  Reaches for the Bushmill's.
34) 12) dialog: Upstairs, in what will soon become her room.  She'll be all right.
34) 16) dialog: Warren died today.  That's what that means.
34) 19) text: Agnis deciding.  Whether to tell him...
34) 20) dialog: I used to live with someone named Warren.  Died of cancer, after nine years together.  Dearest soul on this earth.
34) 21) text: Quoyle shocked.  What can he say?  His empathy so naked, even Agnis has to soften her voice...
34) 22) dialog: Went from the funeral, and bought that dog.  Named her Warren.  Just so I could say the name a hunnerd times a day.  Women are foolish, huh?
34) 25) dialog: Bunny wants to bury the dog with me.  But I told her I'd rather do it alone.
34) 27) dialog: Some advice about the child?
34) 29) dialog: Don't get down on her level, the way you do.  She'll never respect you.
37) 0) text: Rear ANGLE of Agnis, walking over stones to the edge of t carrying something in her arms.  Walking to meet the sun, gives its last to the shimmering water.  REVERSE ANGLE to ...she carries her old dog.  On a clean sheet.  Rests the gently down.  The incoming tide laps over.  The sheet bil it.  She takes a step back.
37) 1) dialog: You were a good girl, Warren, no trouble a'tall.
38) 0) text: An outhouse stands unobtrusively near the edge of the cli Agnis alone, approaching.  Something in her hand.  As she the outhouse, we see it is... ...the ziploc bag.  With her brother's ashes.  She gazes the house now.  Then, at the bag... AGNIS (cold, low) Hope ya like.  What we done with the place.
38) 1) text: She opens the door, enters.  Stares down into the deep ho Unzips the bag, and... ...TIPS the ashes DOWN INTO the hole.  Watch them in SLO- falling free.  Hear the rustle of Agnis lifting her skirt CLOSE ANGLE on Agnis' face.  Staring out at the sea throu crack in the outhouse wall.  HEAR the splatter as she voi herself. AGNIS (a murmur) Welcome home.
45) 1) dialog: Nephew, this is Mavis Bangs.  A real professional.
45) 2) text: Mavis holds out a hearty hand.  Agnis is showing him the cutting table, two sewing stations.  Billowing sailcloth the windows.  Racks of leathers and fabrics.
45) 3) dialog: And this is Dawn Budgel.  She's a vegetarian.
45) 4) text: Dawn, once described by Agnis as young and on the sexy si that.  Red lipstick and nails.  Her eyes float up in a wa suggests reflexive sensuality.  Agnis nods to her, and th reaches a slender pale hand...
45) 6) text: And as she releases his hand, her eyes flick to Agnis.  S conspiracy there.  Quoyle follows his aunt back to the bi table.
45) 8) dialog: Silver Melville?  Snuck off in the night, they did.  Not a penny paid for all we done.
45) 10) dialog: We'd installed the banquettes in her salon.  Three of the chairs done and delivered, three to go...
45) 13) text: But Agnis is thinking...
45) 14) dialog: Strange.  Leavin' the chairs.
65) 0) text: Agnis and Mavis are showing Wavey their new shop.  It is bright with more elaborate fittings, the amount of work p carries the scent of success.  Quoyle trails behind, as A on Wavey like a prize new daughter-in-law.  When she turn sees her nephew staring...
65) 1) dialog: What?  My hem crooked?  As if I was wearin' a hem.
65) 10) text: Polite banter?  Or outright flirting?  Hard to tell if it or Agnis who disapproves more.  Dawn ignores them.
65) 12) text: Agnis just blinks.  Can scarcely believe she heard that.
65) 15) text: A really frozen beat. QUOYLE (casual, to Agnis) Uh.  Why would she send you more tha... AGNIS (to Dawn) Do you have enough attention now, young lady?
65) 17) text: Mavis echoes Agnis' glare. QUOYLE (really casual) Macau, huh?  So.  That where y'sent th' chairs?
65) 18) text: Agnis turns.  Sizes him up.
65) 19) dialog: It's flatterin' you showin' me how you've turned into such a competent reporter and all.  But even if I remembered where I sent 'em.  I couldn't tell ya.
65) 21) dialog: Professional ethics.
78) 0) text: Quoyle enters a packed auditorium, festooned for Christ's with every trimming imaginable.  Rough fishermen in black they wear once a year, women in finery, schoolkids at the scrubbed best, antsy with anticipation.  The BUZZ is audi palpable.  No Broadway opening could hope for this level eagerness. As Quoyle comes down the aisle, we see faces we know.  Bo Nutbeem's party.  Billy Pretty with Jack and Mrs. Buggit. Yark and his bird-like wife.  The old-timer who sold Quoy boat.  Mavis Bangs with an empty seat next to her, must b for Agnis.  All the kids from daycare.  Still, Quoyle sea the face he doesn't find.  And finally... ...to the third row, where Dennis and Beety have saved hi Beety gives him a peck on the cheek, and he smiles, settl nervous as hell, just as... ...the school principal, still dressed for England, walks mike at center stage.  Holds up her hands like the discip she prides herself on being, and they quiet pretty fast.
78) 5) text: ...Agnis Hamm walks out alone onto the stage, wearing a b jersey, tweed skirt, yellow stockings and red slippers. an odd look on her face, all serious and curious.  The la calls die away to silence.  Suddenly, one of her feet SCR the stage, her arms become WINGS, and with a CROONING and she metamorphoses into a PEEVISH HEN protecting an egg. comes DOWN with laughter and UNISON applause.  Quoyle gla at Mavis Bangs who puts her fingers between her teeth and in pure delight. ...Wavey Prowse walks onto the rear of the stage, in a lo smock, carrying her accordion.  She turns to the wings, n out comes little Herry clacking across the stage in tap s beat of silence.  Mom calls out:  ONE, TWO, THREE, rolls savage hornpipe and Herry commences the JIG Quoyle once g through a window.  Three hundred HEELS coming STOMPING do perfect rhythm and lift Herry into a joyous bouncing, rat performance that builds in intensity until the finish.  H to the edge of the stage, bows DEEP from the waist, stand in their applause.  Then RACES offstage, his mom followin dignity, and we go with her into the wings... Once there, Wavey slips OUT of the smock, revealing to th of the wings, that she is wearing dancer's tights over dr legs.  A close-fitting tunic covered with sequins and gla crystal diamonds, and dozens more glittering baubles that shimmer of prisms with her every breath.  Herry hands her hat, a cane, and... ...she STALKS back onto the stage, her lithe body strutti glinting.  A hush of stupefaction falls, only to be washe by SHOUTS and WHISTLES, the kind of which have not been h since Gypsy Rose Lee startled her first roomful of rubes. the bedlam... ...she TWIRLS the top hat on one finger, FLIPS it up in a somersault, catching it square on her head.  She leans on And when at last they quiet...
79) 0) text: Rear ANGLE of Agnis, crouching in the lightly falling sno edge of the sea.  The spot where she once sent her dog to HEAR footfalls crunching slowly across the rocks.  A bulk comes into frame.  Crouches down beside her.  Close.  She the gray horizon. QUOYLE (softly) Mavis Bangs.  Told me where you'd be.
79) 7) text: Agnis keeps reading.
79) 10) dialog: She'd call me, time to time. Husband was a pig.  More women should do what she done.  Her situation.
79) 13) text: The look holds.  She sees the compassion in his eyes.  Kn so on her side.  She clears her throat. AGNIS (softly) Cousin Nolan.  Hafta pay him a visit.
79) 17) dialog: Of a loss.  But not the dog.
79) 19) dialog: What makes us do that, nephew? Give ourselves away to someone. So we can't eat or think or breathe without 'em? QUOYLE (just above a whisper) I don't know.  We just do.
79) 21) dialog: Wonderful, ain't it?
79) 23) dialog: Irene Warren died.  The mornin' after a Christmas.  We get one true love in life, nephew.  She was mine.
79) 25) dialog: Don't mean we can't give love again.  And get some back.
79) 28) dialog: And if that ruffles some small town feathers...
86) 0) text: Every room is filled with folks who wear their best.  The eating and chatter and even some pockets of laughter, as through the crowd.  As if some have taken hold of a wake' meaning purpose.  Others stand dazed, still wearing their confusion.  There are children here, some hold a parent's some giggle with each other.  Snapshot of a community.  S to cope. Quoyle and Bunny enter, holding hands, looking around.  A cross the room... ...two figures step into their path.  Two women holding h their bodies close together.  Their feeling for each othe all to see.  One is Agnis.  And the other.  Isn't Mavis B
86) 4) text: Our girl, a course, is Agnis.  Who nearly blushes at the compliment.
86) 7) dialog: Nephew.  You okay?