28) 2) text: BILLY PRETTY is wizened and wiry, pushing 70.  A tiny, en creature with well-weathered hide, watering crystal-blue a slanted smile.  He waves a bony hand.
28) 4) text: Billy nods.  That pretty much covers it.
28) 6) text: Little salute from the Managing Editor.  If Card likes an likes Billy.  And he doesn't.
30) 0) text: Quoyle enters.  Billy Pretty's on the phone, hand cupped receiver, like it's top secret.  Nutbeem's tuning his anc shortwave with a butter knife through the hole where a kn to be.  And as Quoyle sets down his sack lunch and thermo peels off his parka, he's staring straight into the eyes ...Tert Card across the way.  Wearing a wicked and myster smile.  As Quoyle's butt lowers toward his chair...
30) 2) text: Ouoyle JUMPS a foot.  Looks from Card to Billy to Nutbeem going on?
33) 0) text: Quoyle and Billy Pretty stroll the teak deck of a massive elegantly-outfitted BARGE.  The wiry little fellow keeps smile to his eyes...
33) 1) dialog: Well, she don't wear a ring, cause she lost her husband at sea.  Just after the boy was born.
33) 4) dialog: ...sharpenin' those observation skills.  First tool of a quality reporter.
33) 12) text: Oh.  Billy keeps a straight face.  Silver ROLLS her eyes.
33) 27) text: And holds out her glass.  Billy looks out to sea.  Like h heard this. QUOYLE (cheerful) So.  What brings you folks up from Long Island?
41) 4) text: Uh-oh.  He looks from one face to another.  Even Billy is irritated.  Nutbeem gazes down, embarrassed for him.
41) 8) dialog: Go hire Alvin Yark to build ya a sweet little rodney.  This thing's a wallowing cockeyed bastard that'll sink in a bathtub.
44) 0) text: Jack Buggit enters with energy.  Looks around.  Billy's t Nutbeem's reading.  Quoyle is cleaning out his desk, pull off his little shelf to pack away.  Goofy photo of Bunny. child-made three-legged turtle.  Tiny padded box with wha be carefully-preserved empty eggshells. Jack heads toward him.
44) 20) text: Card looks down.  He zips up, as the door slams.  Billy P sends Quoyle a thumbs-up, without turning.  Nutbeem clasp hands above his head, like a winning prizefighter. Quoyle slides a sheet of paper into his typewriter.  Star
48) 1) dialog: How're you doin' with the Tall and Quiet Woman?
48) 3) dialog: I meant Wavey Prowse.
48) 5) dialog: My dad used to say there's four women in every man's life.  The Stouthearted Woman...
48) 7) dialog: ...the Maid in the Meadow... QUOYLE (has to think) Bunny I guess.  Weavin' a daisy-chain necklace.
48) 8) dialog: ...the Tall and Quiet Woman...
48) 10) dialog: ...and the Demon Lover.
48) 11) text: On this.  Quoyle's smile fades.  He looks away.  They've fence where blunt pickets enclose crosses and wooden mark fallen on the ground. BILLY (wistful) Me dad said that.
48) 12) text: Billy finds the right marker.  Sets his satchel onto the Kneels.  His old fingers clear debris from painted words:
48) 15) dialog: That's me poor father.  Thirteen I was when he died.
48) 17) dialog: Every time I wonder.  Is this the last coat?
48) 19) dialog: Well, there's no one else to do it, y'see. QUOYLE (straight back) There is now.
48) 26) text: Billy stares at him.  Stares at him.  Clears his throat,
48) 27) dialog: Then better get Alvin Yark. T'build yer a real boat.  So yer'll be around.
53) 0) text: CLOSE on Card.  Who is RIPPING the single page in half. again.  And again.  And again.  See Quoyle now, standing desk like a statue.  Billy and Nutbeem at their stations, as Card... ...flutters the pieces down onto his desk.  Like falling
53) 15) text: SLAMM!  Card shoots Billy a challenging look.  You got so say?
53) 16) dialog: I hope you get him fired.
53) 18) dialog: So I can watch him beat yer to jelly.
57) 0) text: CLOSE on a box of assorted doughnuts.  Two dozen.  A hand down toward a raspberry swirl, thinks better of it, moves thoughtfully along the selection to pluck a maple glaze, it to... ...Quoyle's mouth.  The box rests beside the cardboard ca which Quoyle is packing his things.  Nutbeem sits on the the desk, nibbling a cruller.  Billy is bringing three mu coffee.  Looks like a going-away party.  Through the glas only private office... ...Jack Buggit is talking.  Card is not.  Card stands now to the door, flings it OPEN.  Nutbeem taps Quoyle's shoul his pastry.  They look to...
73) 0) text: VIEW out a window at the line of HEADLIGHTS still arrivin immersed in the ungodly WHITE NOISE of an all-gentleman's soiree, music pushed beyond the level of distortion, asso grunts, squeals, unintelligible words, things breaking. struggle to look around... ...every square inch is crammed tight with semi-conscious Tert Card and some boys circle the potato chip barrel, wh become a handy urinal.  Near the door, Dennis holding for tight around Quoyle who listens, listens, chuckles.  Then fights his way... ...OUT of the trailer, to cold night air where the party wilder, given the elbow room.  Quoyle steps OVER the supi Billy Pretty, who is singing to himself.  Finds Jack Bugg beer in one hand a rum in the other.  Wraps a drunken arm Jack's neck.  Starts to talk in his ear.  Jack looks susp FIGHT breaks out a few feet away.  They don't notice.  Cl to hear... QUOYLE (shouting against the din) SO THE NEXT DAY, THEY ALL SIT DOWN ON THE GIRDER.  THE BRIT OPENS HIS LUNCH BOX.  'OH, NO!  SCOTCH SALMON AGAIN!  FAREWELL, BOYS!'  AND HE JUMPS OFF THE GIRDER TO HIS DEATH.
75) 5) dialog: I'm some disgusted.  With the human race.
75) 10) text: Maybe too light not to be obvious.  Billy looks from Quoy trailer.  And back.
75) 11) dialog: It's too bad.
78) 0) text: Quoyle enters a packed auditorium, festooned for Christ's with every trimming imaginable.  Rough fishermen in black they wear once a year, women in finery, schoolkids at the scrubbed best, antsy with anticipation.  The BUZZ is audi palpable.  No Broadway opening could hope for this level eagerness. As Quoyle comes down the aisle, we see faces we know.  Bo Nutbeem's party.  Billy Pretty with Jack and Mrs. Buggit. Yark and his bird-like wife.  The old-timer who sold Quoy boat.  Mavis Bangs with an empty seat next to her, must b for Agnis.  All the kids from daycare.  Still, Quoyle sea the face he doesn't find.  And finally... ...to the third row, where Dennis and Beety have saved hi Beety gives him a peck on the cheek, and he smiles, settl nervous as hell, just as... ...the school principal, still dressed for England, walks mike at center stage.  Holds up her hands like the discip she prides herself on being, and they quiet pretty fast.
78) 7) text: She winks.  They laugh.  Billy laughing loudest.
78) 21) text: She is Billy once more, beneath his burden, her long legs stepping to one side, then the other, slipping, skidding, howling all around her threatening to shatter walls, and.