9) 0) text: One-year-old BUNNY is SCREAMING in a rickety crib festoon mobiles and bright toys.  HEAR Quoyle POUNDING in.  He re lift her... ...WAY UP, starts running around the faded little parlor cheerful airplane noises, as he DIVES and SWOOPS the shri until he... ...stops.  Sniffs.  Oh.  Gives her a kiss, which doesn't in the screaming, and flops her down on the diaper table. screaming LOUDER.  He is fumbling with the diaper, the Ba getting a wad of ten or so at once.  When... ...the phone rings.  He runs off.  Runs back, lifts Bunny dangling from the tape stuck to her skin, and SNATCHES up phone, hoping with everything in him that it's...
9) 5) text: Bunny.  Has stopped screaming.
9) 8) text: What should he do?  He sets Bunny carefully on the floor. starts screaming again, and he LIFTS her quick, cuddles h off, leaving the phone on the floor... ...RACES back in with the Mr. Boston, a bag of pork rinds a pacifier.  Something for everyone.  As he flips the pag murmurs into the phone...
9) 15) text: Hang up the phone.  Kiss a baby.  Eat a pork rind.  Slow. gazes down on Bunny, we PUSH INTO her face, and MATCH DIS to...
10) 0) text: ...an ECU of Bunny, now six years old, asleep in the flic blue light of a nearly-mute TV.  Apparently she was watch Sportscenter.  PAN the darkened shoebox room.  Toys every a clutter.  A pile of used Barbies, limbs jutting in all directions, waiting for a mass grave.  BACK to Bunny, to ...she sleeps in her father's lap.  His chin resting on h an industrial-size bag of cookies handy.  Somewhere, a do ...SLAMS HARD.  Quoyle gently lays Bunny on her bed, and INTO the hall, to see Petal disappearing into her bedroom hurries to stop the door before it slams in his face. When she turns, she is  wasted, feral, and somehow as sex Her laser glare.  What the fuck do you want?
10) 10) text: And CLOSES the door, quietly, but firmly.  In his face. He stares at it.  His lips part.  But no sound comes.  In walks the few steps to Bunny's room, to find her... ...wide awake.  Sitting on the edge of her bed.  No quest heard it all. So Quoyle smiles.  He reaches to the top of her battered His eyes damp but dancing for his daughter.  Pulls down.. ...a box of chocolates.  Their stash.  He sits on the flo the lid, like buried treasure. She comes to cuddle in his lap.  He feeds her one.  She f one.  They've done this before.  As they chew...
13) 11) text: He TEARS out, DOWN the hall, INTO Bunny's room... ...closet open.  Empty.  No more tangled pile of Barbies. surveys the wreckage of his life.
15) 18) text: INTERCUT...a dingy kitchen, scuzzier than we could even h guessed.  Bunny in her underpants sliding merrily on a fl slippery with dish detergent.  PAN past the video camera tripod to the PORNOGRAPHER at the window, also in his und screaming into a cordless phone.  And... BACK to Quoyle.  His heart must have started again, becau able to say...
16) 1) dialog: I can't do this.
16) 2) text: Bunny on the ratty sofa, legs dangling, holding out a vin Gameboy.  She wears clean clothes, freshly-washed hair, a comfortable smile. QUOYLE (very soft) Me neither.
16) 5) dialog: Hi, too.  That for me?
16) 7) dialog: Where's our candy?
16) 11) text: Bunny doesn't understand.
16) 14) dialog: Petal went to Florida.  She'll be back soon.
16) 17) dialog: So do you.
16) 20) dialog: Nestor.
16) 24) dialog: We found the turtle.  And they found Nestor.  Did you find Petal?
16) 26) dialog: You never do.  But she always comes back.
16) 28) dialog: Don't worry.
17) 9) text: And stops.  The mouth doesn't smile.  But the eyes crinkl toward... ...Bunny.  Who has crept out in her jammies.  Hugging a s Pepperidge Farm cookies like it was a teddy. AGNIS (to Bunny) You like blue dogs named Warren?
18) 0) text: In the far corner of the room, Bunny plays with WARREN, a ugly dog.  Toothless and, undeniably, blue.
18) 41) text: Quoyle nods, glad to serve.  Heads off to the kitchen.  A at Bunny and Warren.
18) 43) dialog: I know why.
20) 4) text: He smiles a seasick smile.  Lurches from his bolted-down join her.  She nods back toward... ...Bunny through the glass window, snuggled with Warren, the dog french fries.
20) 13) text: When Quoyle looks back in at Bunny, he sees she is starin something with full attention.  He follows her gaze to... ...a honey-haired MOTHER with her small BOY snuggled in h She is feeding him an ice cream bar with evident tenderne though the child's face is blissfully vacant, she murmurs with serious intent.
22) 1) dialog: The green makes me hurl. (Warren whimpers) Her, too.
22) 6) text: She takes Bunny's squirming hand and starts toward the ho crossing Jordan. AGNIS (calling back) The whole thing's lashed with cable, to iron rings set in the rock!
23) 0) text: Inside the dank, corroding place.  We can feel all 44 yea abandonment.  CRASH! The door FLIES open.  Quoyle with hi iron steps aside, and... ...Agnis drags Bunny inside.  The wind shrieking low thro openings like proper spirits.  Even this bold child is fr So Agnis leans to murmur...
23) 2) text: Asked as a serious question.  Bunny nods.  Let's. ANGLE...upstairs now.  Agnis marching through like MacArt reclaiming the Philippines.  Room after rough-hewn spacio light spiking through a thousand roof holes in assorted s
23) 5) dialog: Which one's Petal's room?  I'll sleep there.
24) 0) text: CLOSE on Bunny's sleeping face.  PUSH INTO her closed eye FADE to... ...a WINDOW, unearthly tendrils of FOG drifting past in m wisps.  Suddenly, a FACE appears, an animal.  White.  Wol likely, dog.  It stares in at us, is fleetingly joined by grizzled HUMAN ghost, eyes FLASHING crazy, and... ...gone in mist.  CUT to... REAR ANGLE of Quoyle and Bunny, each rolled over onto one asleep in their sleeping bags.  His arm across her protec Hers across Warren, who sleeps curled to her chest.  PAN ...the window.  Only the shimmer of cloud-like mist.  SNA REVERSE ANGLE...Bunny's eyes.  wide open.
25) 0) text: CLOSE on Quoyle, stirring at the end of sleep.  His eyes open.  A beat.  He is alone.  sits... ...BOLT UPRIGHT. ANGLE...front hallway, Quoyle's bulk POUNDING toward us, his hand.  The front door ajar.  And at the threshold, in decorous semi-circle, six naked Barbies.  Legs spread wid balance.  Each staring out the doorway, to where... ...Bunny sits on the cold ground.  Making some craft proj great care.  Quoyle can breathe again, she's safe.  Amble crouches beside her.  Close. She keeps working.  Almost eerie concentration.  He sees she is weaving a loop of dandelion stems, connected by al tops.  He leans down.  Kisses her head.
25) 4) dialog: This is important.
25) 7) dialog: They're being nice and patient.
25) 9) dialog: They look better this way.  They have great bodies.
25) 11) dialog: I need it.  I look good in blue. QUOYLE (smiles) Well.  I look good in shoes.
25) 14) dialog: I need it.
25) 21) dialog: I mean.  The white one!
25) 23) dialog: The White Dog with the big teeth and the red eyes.  The Skinny Ghost owns him.  They came last night.
25) 25) dialog: I didn't dream 'em, don't say I did.
26) 0) text: Quoyle driving alone in his best suit.  Which is also his suit.  Which is also the suit he wore to interview Ed Pun ago.  Hard rain.  Potholes.  Around a curve, to see ahead REAR ANGLE of a tall WOMAN, holding the hand of a CHILD a walk in their slickers through the downpour.  As he passe they TURN and.. ...the woman is Petal.  The child is Bunny.  They both st tongues out at him. Past now.  Looking in the rear-view.  The woman is lovely no longer Petal.  The child is a BOY, with a slack face a smile.  Surprisingly, the same mother and son that Bunny the ferry.
29) 0) text: Quoyle pulls up beside the ancestral home.  Agnis stands back of a rented truck, sorting through materials in the Across a stretch of ground, Bunny is earnestly pretend-re book to Warren, who lies listlessly before her. Quoyle comes up behind Agnis.  He carries a newspaper and excited air.
29) 25) text: Quoyle nods.  Better do that.  Dennis sends a shy smile, apologizing for the awkwardness.  Quoyle holds up a finge right back, and... ...heads on over to where Bunny is reading to Warren.
29) 26) dialog: Warren threw up in your sleeping bag. She's got a stomach problem.
29) 29) dialog: It's called cancer.
29) 30) text: Oh.  Quoyle holds his face together, as Bunny strokes the Warren.  Then, he crouches down... ...strokes Warren, too.  Good dog.
32) 0) text: Quoyle and Bunny climb out of the wagon.  A small house, yard strewn with a phantasmagoria of painted wood figures galloping horses, dogs balanced on wheels, a row of chrom on sticks.  A zoo of the mind.  To one side, a table pile crafts, ignored by... ...fifteen LITTLE KIDS running in all directions, like bu unbridled banshees.  Looks like fun.  Two harried MOTHERS trying to cope with the chaos.  And there, under a tree.. ...the honey-haired WOMAN Quoyle had seen on the ferry. the rain.  She is on her knees, tying the shoes of her va SON.  He trips and sprawls, but he is laughing.  The woma tenderly and tousles his brown-straw hair. Quoyle gets up his courage.  Walks Bunny over to them.  A arrive, the woman looks up... QUOYLE (really nervous) Hullo.  It's our first day, and I was wond...
32) 1) dialog: What's wrong with him?
32) 4) text: Oh.  HERRY smiles at Bunny.  Suddenly, wonderfully. BUNNY (to Herry) Know how to be a dog?
32) 5) text: She DROPS to all fours and starts YAPPING like a terrier. LAUGHS with delight.  Tumbles down to the grass and does impression of a Chihuahua on speed. BUNNY (to the woman) He looks fast to me.  Maybe he's cured.
35) 0) text: Bunny sits on the floor in dim light, wearing an enormous sweatshirt.  Obviously dad's.  Her naked Barbies sit in a circle watching her braid a meticulous loop out of the pa foil from chewing gum wrappers.  Quoyle enters, and sits beside her.  Watches in silence, as she works. BUNNY (not looking up) Warren died today.  She's not coming back.
35) 2) dialog: That's the difference.
35) 5) dialog: You can watch.
35) 9) dialog: You look better with 'em on.
39) 0) text: Daycare in progress.  The comfy parlor has been given ove kids.  A wall of Polaroids of each child faces a map of Newfoundland with drawings of moose, caribou, and lobster Herry sits alone in a doorway, watching with big eyes as. ...Quoyle, Bunny astride his back, RAMPAGES around the pa all fours, SNORTING like a crazed boar.  The kids are squ delighted, making excited little runs at him, swatting hi throw pillows and rolled-up sweaters.  Thrill of the hunt Wavey comes through the doorway, drying her hands, just b where her boy sits.  Quoyle doesn't see her, he's thrashi bellowing, lost in the game.  She watches, for a long bea leans down to Herry. WAVEY (a whisper) Go on.  Get the pig.
40) 10) text: And he is lost in those eyes.  Knows it's showing.  Glanc where... ...Bunny sits in a corner.  Reading to a rapt Herry.
40) 12) dialog: Shhh.  I'm teaching Herry to read. Just like I did Warren.
40) 14) text: Bunny looks over at him.  He is so dumb.
40) 15) dialog: First is the teaching part.  The learning comes later.
40) 17) dialog: Wavey?  Now are the berries ready to pick?
43) 8) text: Hear now what the hammering had masked.  Someone is reach top of the ladder, climbing onto the roof. Bunny.  Somehow she has managed to climb while carrying a on a plate.  And an open bottle of soda.  He stares at he uncomprehending.
43) 9) dialog: Egg salad and Nehi grape.
43) 11) dialog: They're mine but I'll share.
43) 12) text: As the plate and bottle slip neatly OFF the roof and, aft noticeable beat, shatter softly far below.  Bunny's turn shocked.  She's contemplating going after them.
44) 0) text: Jack Buggit enters with energy.  Looks around.  Billy's t Nutbeem's reading.  Quoyle is cleaning out his desk, pull off his little shelf to pack away.  Goofy photo of Bunny. child-made three-legged turtle.  Tiny padded box with wha be carefully-preserved empty eggshells. Jack heads toward him.
46) 2) text: See her now, seated atop a grassy slope.  It is she who h string, and her boy is way down at the bottom of the hill Bunny.  Blue jumper billowing, the girl is teaching him h necklaces from wildflowers and garbage bag twisty-ties. the naked Barbies watch with great attention.  The learni come later.
46) 6) text: PULL BACK slightly to reveal that Quoyle has been sitting beside her all along.  He holds the string of a big, glum hangs motionless in space with barely a flutter.  As she the kids, he stares at her, fixedly deciding whether to a QUOYLE (barely audible) Do you think Bunny's.  Strange?
47) 2) text: More nothing.  He trudges back the way he came.  Peeks ar bend to see... ...Bunny is teaching Berry to pick gooseberries.  This ti learning has started.  They are being very careful.
49) 0) text: Quoyle exits the house, pulling on his jacket, and... ...stops.  Something laid across his threshold.  A long p TWINE has been placed there.  KNOTS tied evenly along its He glances back up to the second floor, thinking Bunny. the thing again.  Neat work.  Odd.  Slips it in his pocke
52) 0) text: ANGLE...brightly lit kitchen.  Bunny sits at the little t large mixing bowl filled with popcorn before her, little her side.  They are watching Freakazoid on a tiny TV.  Bu shovels in a mouthful of popcorn.  Then makes a sage, if unintelligible, comment about the show to Herry.  Still c she takes another huge handful of popcorn... ...Herry opens his mouth like a baby bird.  Bunny stuffs in.  It's a stare-and-chew, side by side.  Just alike. ANGLE...cozy parlor.  Quoyle sits in a Barca-lounger with bowl of chips in his lap.  He is watching hockey on a mod the action is fierce.  Stuffs his mouth full of chips, ye manages to say...
54) 0) text: Bunny jumping out of the wagon, running to the house.  As locks his car...
54) 1) dialog: Why'd you leave the house open?
54) 3) dialog: Can I keep the necklace?
61) 2) text: Seated in a semi-circle around the desk of power.  Quoyle stricken, respectful.  Wavey, already pissed off at the p And Bunny,her hat and coat on, arms folded, face crimson
61) 8) text: Bunny looks down.  Glaring an evil spell of death at her kneecaps. WAVEY (quietly) I think Bunny and I.  Should take a walk.
62) 0) text: Quoyle and Bunny alone, hand-in-hand, walking slow where picked berries.  Nobody's talking.
62) 1) dialog: When you gonna ask? QUOYLE (calm) When you're in the mood.
62) 4) text: Said like he means it.  Which he does.  And Bunny, squint sees that. INTERCUT...the crime.  Playground filled with kids.  Bunn girlfriends on the jungle gym.  Bunny the best, a natural MRS. LUMBULL large, sour, doughy, and betrayed by life, s her silver whistle in the midst of chaos.  Her thoughts o plane.
62) 5) dialog: She's the worst one of all!
62) 7) dialog: Herry told her he had to pee.  But the way he talks.  He could just say 'eeee,' like that.
62) 9) dialog: She told him that recess was almost over, an' she wasn't gonna make a trip special, an' he could hold it.
62) 11) dialog: She made him stand against the wall.
62) 14) dialog: She wasn't hurt for real.  Just screamed like a baby.
62) 17) dialog: Petal'll think so, too.
62) 20) dialog: How?
62) 23) dialog: That teacher.  Is gonna forgive me?
62) 27) dialog: Well.  I don't wanna forgive her.
62) 30) dialog: I had to do it.  'Cept for Wavey, I'm the only family Herry's got.
62) 32) dialog: Like the ghost.  Who's not a ghost.
62) 34) dialog: The one who ties the knots?  You're the only family he's got.
62) 36) dialog: You said.
77) 0) text: The day care contingent more organized today.  Sort of. leading a spirited round of red-light/green-light, as... ...Quoyle enters with a big cardboard box full of present shrugs off his coat, he looks at the Christmas tree, its lights.  The decorations that seem to be everywhere, many by these children.  He watches Bunny call out 'Red Light! have Herry ignore it and tackle her anyway. Mixed emotions, to be sure.  A feeling of family he can a visit, yet will never be his own.  The sad edge catches u him, so he strolls on into... ...the kitchen.  Wavey baking, what else.  She smiles to A friend's smile. WAVEY (Southern belle) Why, Mistuh Quoyle.  You shouldn't have!
78) 4) text: And RUNS off-stage, as we DISSOLVE THROUGH a SERIES OF AN ...the Big Ugly Guy who led the raid on poor Nutbeem's bo in a threadworn suit bulging with his bulk, singing DANNY the sweetest tenor one could dream of.  PAN an audience, motionless.  Pavarotti never had more respect. ...Bunny and Marty walk timidly to the front of the stage dressed in Christmas reds and greens.  Bunny all in blue, does look good on her.  Kids CALL OUT their names.  The p quiet.  And the girls begin to sing a plaintive West Afri in small brave voices that sometimes harmonize.  It is un and breathtakingly courageous.  Two dads in the third row tears flooding their eyes... DENNIS (gruff whisper) Not bad, my kid, eh? QUOYLE (gruffer whisper) I'll say.  She's as good as mine.
81) 0) text: ANGLE...Dennis and his wife BEETY bundled together asleep ferocious storm HOWLS around the house. ANGLE...Quoyle awake on the sofa in Dennis' parlor.  Clut blankets around him.  Eyes jumping with every SHRIEK of t marauding wind.  Mind racing with thoughts of Wavey.  And eggshells. ANGLE...Bunny asleep with Dennis' daughter MARTY.  The ro to vibrate under the violence of the weather's assault. Bunny now, and... ...her eyes OPEN.  A strange intent in them.  A knowledge slips from Marty's bed in her thin blue nightdress.  Thro house in the dark, as the wind SCREAMS its warning.  Into lor where her father sleeps, as the wind suddenly INVADES ...SUCKS her straight UP the chimney and out INTO the hea storm.  SAILING like a loosened kite out across the black Out and out, as gray light rises, to... ...Quoyle Point, where she is blown FLAT against a granit just in front of the Green House, which SHIVERS and plead the wind, its steel cables STRAINING, and suddenly from w house, lights come ON... ...the WHITE DOG is in a window.  No longer snarling and but whining pitifully, begging to be saved.  And on the s floor... ...PETAL alone, wild-eyed with terror.  She is dressed al and her daisy-chain necklace flies about her throat as sh against the glass, her eyes staring directly AT her daugh can only scream soundlessly against the gale as the house ...begins to come LOOSE, the first cable SNAPPING and WHI about with the fierce destructiveness of unleashed power, NEXT, and ANOTHER, and with Petal still visible, HOWLING windows BURSTING everywhere else like flash bulbs, the ho ...slides FREE, along the rocks, toward the cliff, Bunny as it goes OVER the edge, TUMBLES down toward the sea, an ...sits BOLT UPRIGHT in bed, a single GASP as her dad is holding her tight.  She is soaked with sweat.  But her ey wild.  They are filled with the knowing. BUNNY (a whisper) Daddy.  The Green House is gone.
81) 1) text: He smooths her hair.  The wind bellows in rage.  Little M somehow sleeps on, undisturbed, beside her. BUNNY (a whisper) I didn't dream it.  Don't say I did.
82) 0) text: They climb from the station wagon into cold, clear sunlig Stare in wonder at the naked rock.  The snapped, spent, c Only shards of wood and glass leaving a hapless trail tow cliff. Bunny RUNS toward the debris, and through it.  To a tangl bushes near the cliff. He walks to a broken cable.  Crouches.  His eyes running space.  Where his ancestor's home once stood.  And then. turns... QUOYLE (calls out) What you got there?
82) 1) text: We see now.  Bunny has unearthed a huge wooden crate from hiding place.  Too engrossed in counting its contents to As he comes over... BUNNY (not looking up) Petal's things.
82) 3) dialog: I think they're all here.
82) 4) text: She looks up.  Sees him staring so fixedly at them. BUNNY (alerted) What's wrong?
82) 7) dialog: Will she be proud to wear 'em?
86) 0) text: Every room is filled with folks who wear their best.  The eating and chatter and even some pockets of laughter, as through the crowd.  As if some have taken hold of a wake' meaning purpose.  Others stand dazed, still wearing their confusion.  There are children here, some hold a parent's some giggle with each other.  Snapshot of a community.  S to cope. Quoyle and Bunny enter, holding hands, looking around.  A cross the room... ...two figures step into their path.  Two women holding h their bodies close together.  Their feeling for each othe all to see.  One is Agnis.  And the other.  Isn't Mavis B
86) 8) dialog: He's okay.  He's not sleeping in the box.
86) 9) text: Her great aunt looks at this child.  Bends to plant an un kiss on the top of Bunny's head.  The kid squirms, tugs h firmly off, as he sends a parting wave. Into the parlor now.  Quieter here, as the new arrivals t Jack Buggit in his open coffin, resting on black-draped s Dennis and his mom stand by Jack, a hand and a word for e moving into the line...
86) 12) dialog: If he's not sleeping.  Why do they call it a awake?
86) 20) dialog: He looks like he's sleeping.
86) 28) text: So they look at each other.  Dennis clears his throat, lo And then, Quoyle is leading Bunny off.
86) 30) dialog: Petal's peaceful, too.
86) 42) dialog: See.  He woke up.
87) 1) dialog: That's a funny thing to say.  For the first thing he said.
87) 7) dialog: Well.  The world's not fair.  You said.
87) 19) text: Still holding Bunny's eyes.  He beckons to the woman rowi C'mere, a second.  So Wavey sets down her oars.  Slides o And Quoyle whispers to his daughter...
87) 23) dialog: There was only two.
87) 29) dialog: I got a box of 'em.  You could pick one.
87) 31) dialog: Then you'd have everything you need.
87) 33) dialog: No.