29) 11) text: DENNIS offers a hand, and a smile that says he's expectin you.  Makes the sentiment contagious.
29) 12) dialog: Only til I get my lobster license. I'm a fisherman in my soul.
29) 14) dialog: It's a Newfie thing, the compulsion to fish.  Y'hear yesterday's tragedy 'bout the Newfie who went ice fishin'?
29) 16) dialog: Brought home 200 pounds of ice.  His wife fried it.  They both drowned.
29) 17) text: Quoyle laughs good and honest.  Dennis likes that.
29) 19) text: Quoyle nods, if a bit cautious.  Dennis squints out acros
29) 20) dialog: Agnis says yer buyin' a boat. Sooner's prob'ly better'n lat... QUOYLE (quiet smile) I'm not buyin'.  No boat.
29) 23) text: The silence.  Just got thunderous.  A full beat. DENNIS (low) Oh, yeh.  He's m'dad.
29) 25) text: Quoyle nods.  Better do that.  Dennis sends a shy smile, apologizing for the awkwardness.  Quoyle holds up a finge right back, and... ...heads on over to where Bunny is reading to Warren.
30) 26) text: His glance goes to a photo.  Jack and a strapping blond s Not Dennis, that's for sure.  Somehow, we are suddenly do business...
31) 0) text: CLOSE on Dennis, holding a half-eaten squidburger in two Oblivious to sawdust, smoke and stench, he is charmingly, engagingly, smashed.
31) 1) dialog: So this Newfie comes to Toronto. Cabbie says, take ya to meet girls for a good time.  Boy says, okay, but I only want a Newfie girl.
31) 3) dialog: Right section of the party district, he finds a girl, they have sex, she says that's a hunnerd dollars. He says fine, tips her another hunnerd!  She says, wow, can y'come back t'morrow?
31) 5) dialog: Next two nights, same thing! Finally she says, I never met so sweet a guy, where ya from?  He says, Misky Bay, Newfoundland.  She says, really?  Me, too!
31) 7) dialog: He says, I know.  Yer ma asked me t'give ya six hunnerd dollars!
31) 9) dialog: Yer the model Newfie, Q, but fer th'boat.  Why doncha buy Nutbeem's?
31) 16) text: Dennis rises.  Belches.
31) 17) dialog: Yer story tugs at me bladder.
31) 36) text: Quoyle glances over.  Dennis wobbling his way back throug tables.
31) 39) dialog: What's bein' blabbed here? NUTBEEM (not missing a beat) Quoyle says you got a nice ass.
31) 40) dialog: Quoyle's right.
31) 42) dialog: To my ass.
36) 0) text: Quoyle driving the wagon, Dennis at his side.  Up ahead o road, two figures.  Herry holds tight to his mom's hand. pulls over, and they stop.  Wavey squints at him, against
36) 14) dialog: Excellent posture.
36) 16) dialog: People talk.
60) 1) text: Quoyle, Wavey and Dennis stand in a row.  Watching the li artisan shave wood as if his tools were his hands. ALVIN (keeps singing, as if alone) The Gandy Goose, she ain't no uuuuse... Cause all her nuts'n bolts is loose.
60) 7) text: Everyone looks.  Except the guru. ALVIN (cheery) Dennis.  Y'hear the one about the Newfie who lived ferever?
60) 9) dialog: No sir.
60) 15) text: Crinkly old eyes, laser bright.  Dennis isn't angry.  Jus resolved.
60) 16) dialog: Thing 'bout waitin' on fergiveness? Mixes up who's waitin' on who.
60) 18) dialog: Death is simpler.  An' a lot shorter wait.
71) 4) dialog: Stay with us.  My kid follows yours around, they'll bunk t'gether.  And we gotta fluffy couch that's more'n you deserve.
73) 0) text: VIEW out a window at the line of HEADLIGHTS still arrivin immersed in the ungodly WHITE NOISE of an all-gentleman's soiree, music pushed beyond the level of distortion, asso grunts, squeals, unintelligible words, things breaking. struggle to look around... ...every square inch is crammed tight with semi-conscious Tert Card and some boys circle the potato chip barrel, wh become a handy urinal.  Near the door, Dennis holding for tight around Quoyle who listens, listens, chuckles.  Then fights his way... ...OUT of the trailer, to cold night air where the party wilder, given the elbow room.  Quoyle steps OVER the supi Billy Pretty, who is singing to himself.  Finds Jack Bugg beer in one hand a rum in the other.  Wraps a drunken arm Jack's neck.  Starts to talk in his ear.  Jack looks susp FIGHT breaks out a few feet away.  They don't notice.  Cl to hear... QUOYLE (shouting against the din) SO THE NEXT DAY, THEY ALL SIT DOWN ON THE GIRDER.  THE BRIT OPENS HIS LUNCH BOX.  'OH, NO!  SCOTCH SALMON AGAIN!  FAREWELL, BOYS!'  AND HE JUMPS OFF THE GIRDER TO HIS DEATH.
75) 0) text: As Quoyle shuffles up, we see Nutbeem's trailer has been completely OVER onto its side.  Walls are crushed and spl It's a train wreck. Sitting on the cinder blocks that once supported it, Nutb and Dennis swig beers. NUTBEEM (cheery) You're looking dishy, Q.
78) 0) text: Quoyle enters a packed auditorium, festooned for Christ's with every trimming imaginable.  Rough fishermen in black they wear once a year, women in finery, schoolkids at the scrubbed best, antsy with anticipation.  The BUZZ is audi palpable.  No Broadway opening could hope for this level eagerness. As Quoyle comes down the aisle, we see faces we know.  Bo Nutbeem's party.  Billy Pretty with Jack and Mrs. Buggit. Yark and his bird-like wife.  The old-timer who sold Quoy boat.  Mavis Bangs with an empty seat next to her, must b for Agnis.  All the kids from daycare.  Still, Quoyle sea the face he doesn't find.  And finally... ...to the third row, where Dennis and Beety have saved hi Beety gives him a peck on the cheek, and he smiles, settl nervous as hell, just as... ...the school principal, still dressed for England, walks mike at center stage.  Holds up her hands like the discip she prides herself on being, and they quiet pretty fast.
78) 4) text: And RUNS off-stage, as we DISSOLVE THROUGH a SERIES OF AN ...the Big Ugly Guy who led the raid on poor Nutbeem's bo in a threadworn suit bulging with his bulk, singing DANNY the sweetest tenor one could dream of.  PAN an audience, motionless.  Pavarotti never had more respect. ...Bunny and Marty walk timidly to the front of the stage dressed in Christmas reds and greens.  Bunny all in blue, does look good on her.  Kids CALL OUT their names.  The p quiet.  And the girls begin to sing a plaintive West Afri in small brave voices that sometimes harmonize.  It is un and breathtakingly courageous.  Two dads in the third row tears flooding their eyes... DENNIS (gruff whisper) Not bad, my kid, eh? QUOYLE (gruffer whisper) I'll say.  She's as good as mine.
81) 0) text: ANGLE...Dennis and his wife BEETY bundled together asleep ferocious storm HOWLS around the house. ANGLE...Quoyle awake on the sofa in Dennis' parlor.  Clut blankets around him.  Eyes jumping with every SHRIEK of t marauding wind.  Mind racing with thoughts of Wavey.  And eggshells. ANGLE...Bunny asleep with Dennis' daughter MARTY.  The ro to vibrate under the violence of the weather's assault. Bunny now, and... ...her eyes OPEN.  A strange intent in them.  A knowledge slips from Marty's bed in her thin blue nightdress.  Thro house in the dark, as the wind SCREAMS its warning.  Into lor where her father sleeps, as the wind suddenly INVADES ...SUCKS her straight UP the chimney and out INTO the hea storm.  SAILING like a loosened kite out across the black Out and out, as gray light rises, to... ...Quoyle Point, where she is blown FLAT against a granit just in front of the Green House, which SHIVERS and plead the wind, its steel cables STRAINING, and suddenly from w house, lights come ON... ...the WHITE DOG is in a window.  No longer snarling and but whining pitifully, begging to be saved.  And on the s floor... ...PETAL alone, wild-eyed with terror.  She is dressed al and her daisy-chain necklace flies about her throat as sh against the glass, her eyes staring directly AT her daugh can only scream soundlessly against the gale as the house ...begins to come LOOSE, the first cable SNAPPING and WHI about with the fierce destructiveness of unleashed power, NEXT, and ANOTHER, and with Petal still visible, HOWLING windows BURSTING everywhere else like flash bulbs, the ho ...slides FREE, along the rocks, toward the cliff, Bunny as it goes OVER the edge, TUMBLES down toward the sea, an ...sits BOLT UPRIGHT in bed, a single GASP as her dad is holding her tight.  She is soaked with sweat.  But her ey wild.  They are filled with the knowing. BUNNY (a whisper) Daddy.  The Green House is gone.
84) 20) dialog: My dad went over the side this mornin'.  Tangled in th' sling- stone line.
84) 22) dialog: If you could write a memorial t' him.  Fer t'morrow's Gammy Bird? I'd be real grateful.
86) 9) text: Her great aunt looks at this child.  Bends to plant an un kiss on the top of Bunny's head.  The kid squirms, tugs h firmly off, as he sends a parting wave. Into the parlor now.  Quieter here, as the new arrivals t Jack Buggit in his open coffin, resting on black-draped s Dennis and his mom stand by Jack, a hand and a word for e moving into the line...
86) 21) text: Dennis looks over.  His stolid, grim face releases a smil friend.
86) 27) text: She smiles bravely as she takes it.  Leans up to kiss his MRS. BUGGIT (a whisper) Dennis showed me what y'wrote fer th' paper.  Did Jack proud.
86) 28) text: So they look at each other.  Dennis clears his throat, lo And then, Quoyle is leading Bunny off.
86) 40) dialog: DAD'S COME BACK!