10) 2) text: Really?  She tears off her jacket, revealing that she has shirt somewhere and is down to her bra.  She stalks towar Straight to the doorway.  He flinches.
30) 4) text: WHIPS around.  Through the glass of the only private offi rumpled codger with a bullhorn.  JACK BUGGIT, has his rub up on the desk, scale-spattered overalls over his compact body.  His hair is wisps and shocks, and his face is stre stubble split by a leprechaun's grin around a stained han ciggie. JACK (into bullhorn) DOES PAYIN' YER SHAMEFUL WAGE ENTITLE ME TO A PERSONAL AUDIENCE?  OR WOULDJA RATHER JUST STAND THERE AN' DROOL?
30) 6) text: Jack WAVING him in, with great energetic loops.  The grin rowdy than his boy's.  But the charm is there and more so goes...
30) 8) text: ...closes the door behind him.  Jack's eyes are crinkly b study Quoyle good.  And right in his face... JACK (into bullhorn) I PREDICT!  A COCKADOODLE-BRIGHT FUTURE IN JOURNALISM!
30) 11) dialog: Pleased t'meetcha, Billy says yer workin' out.
30) 13) dialog: Tert Card says he's keepin' an eye on ya.  Since he's a self-servin' liar, helluva ad salesman tho, it means he's jealous.  And Nutbeem...
30) 14) text: Lifts the bullhorn... JACK (into bullhorn) NUTBEEM'S TEMPORARY ANYWAY!  YOU HEAR THAT NUTBEEM! NUTBEEM (O.S., through glass) WITH PROFOUND RELIEF!
30) 15) text: Jack's grin grows a twinkle.  Soft spot for the Brit.
30) 16) dialog: Nutbeem's obsessed with actual news. Makes up for it by manning the sexual abuse desk.  Can't keep up with the volume there, we're runnin' three, four a week.
30) 18) dialog: Card's in charge.  Ya hear this and that 'bout his typos, but typos is part of Gammy Bird.  Everyone gets a laugh, and gets to figger 'em out. Better'n a crossword.
30) 20) dialog: An' Billy.  Well, Billy's a writer and a fisherman.  Me, I'm just a fisherman.
30) 22) dialog: Fishin' and the sea is all I am. My pap the same.  My boy.
30) 24) text: Ah.  Jack's smile doesn't actually fade.  But the eyes fl Quoyle is sorry he opened his yap.
30) 25) dialog: Naw, my boy's passed.  Went to sea and there he rests.  Bless his bones.
30) 26) text: His glance goes to a photo.  Jack and a strapping blond s Not Dennis, that's for sure.  Somehow, we are suddenly do business...
30) 27) dialog: Want two things from ya, Quoyle. First.  You cover every local car wreck, take pictures.  Front-page photo every week, whether we have a wreck or not, an' we always do.  When we don't, we dip into Card's file, he's got some beauties.
30) 29) dialog: Knack to this.  If there's a dark patch on the ground, it reads blood, whether it's motor oil or Diet Coke. Gloves, hat, lyin' in the road...
30) 30) text: BACK to Jack.  Canny and keen.  He knows this stuff.
30) 31) dialog: ...somethin' that humanizes, makes ya feel.  That's what a wreck is. It's always saying, 'There but for the grace of God...'
30) 33) dialog: Plus.  We're starting a feature on the shipping news.  What ships come in, what goes out.  Whatever's of interest.  Throwin' it to you, son. Chance to shine.
30) 36) text: Ah.  Jack takes this in.  The smile returns.
30) 37) dialog: Chance.  To shine.
30) 39) dialog: One peculiarity.  I'm no joke, son, and I don't tolerate jokes about Newfies.  Or them that does.
41) 0) text: Quoyle alone in the office, pretending to peck away at a Actually, he's looking... ...through the window.  Where Jack Buggit, Tert Card, Bil and Nutbeem are all circling around a small, roughly-made attached to its rented trailer.  They are talking to each learned tones.  A Talmudic chat.  And... ...in they come.  First through the door...
41) 9) text: And standing in the doorway, the scariest sight of all. Just shaking his head. JACK (sadly) You don't have the sense God gave a doughnut, do ya?
41) 11) dialog: I'm goin' fishin'.
41) 31) text: Out the door.  SLAMM harder than Jack's.
44) 0) text: Jack Buggit enters with energy.  Looks around.  Billy's t Nutbeem's reading.  Quoyle is cleaning out his desk, pull off his little shelf to pack away.  Goofy photo of Bunny. child-made three-legged turtle.  Tiny padded box with wha be carefully-preserved empty eggshells. Jack heads toward him.
44) 2) dialog: I saw it.  And heard from some who'd done the same. (to Quoyle) Good.  Neatness.
44) 3) text: Quoyle turns.  Pretty much all his possessions are in a b cardboard box.  Jack peers into it.
44) 4) dialog: Reorganize.  Start over.  Good thinking.
44) 7) dialog: Got six phone calls 'bout that piece.  Six.  That'd be like half a million calls in Toronto.
44) 9) dialog: People liked it, old son.  Crowd went down to the dock t'see the thing, but it'd already pulled out.
44) 11) dialog: Course you don't know anything about boats, but that's entertaining, too.  So go ahead with it.  That's the kinda stuff I want, see?
44) 13) dialog: From now on, you write a column every week.  The Shipping News.  Gonna order you a computer and everything.  And y'know the beauty part...?
44) 15) dialog: I don't have to tell Card all over again, cause he's already eavesdroppin'.  So I'm free to take m'leave.
44) 17) dialog: Ah.  You've an instinct for character and idiosyncrasy, old son.
44) 19) dialog: Zip yer fly, Card.
49) 0) text: Quoyle exits the house, pulling on his jacket, and... ...stops.  Something laid across his threshold.  A long p TWINE has been placed there.  KNOTS tied evenly along its He glances back up to the second floor, thinking Bunny. the thing again.  Neat work.  Odd.  Slips it in his pocke
57) 0) text: CLOSE on a box of assorted doughnuts.  Two dozen.  A hand down toward a raspberry swirl, thinks better of it, moves thoughtfully along the selection to pluck a maple glaze, it to... ...Quoyle's mouth.  The box rests beside the cardboard ca which Quoyle is packing his things.  Nutbeem sits on the the desk, nibbling a cruller.  Billy is bringing three mu coffee.  Looks like a going-away party.  Through the glas only private office... ...Jack Buggit is talking.  Card is not.  Card stands now to the door, flings it OPEN.  Nutbeem taps Quoyle's shoul his pastry.  They look to...
57) 14) text: Hear the SLAMM! QUOYLE (never looks up) Jack's gone fishing?
58) 21) dialog: Jesus Cockadoodle Christ!  I knowed somebody was out here.
58) 23) dialog: Thank god fer yer figure, me old son. A thin man woulda froze.
58) 24) text: Quoyle burrows into the fish, like nestling in a down com Jack covers him with a heavy tarp.  Crouches down close..
58) 25) dialog: Good.  Yer lost th'boat.
59) 14) text: She glances to the nightstand.  Beneath the dim lamp.  A Jack and blond son Jesson.  Guess what they're doing.
66) 0) text: CLOSE on Wavey, cooking flapjacks.  Talking to them.
66) 11) text: She pushes the flapjacks closer to him, CLANKS down the f She's exasperated.  Thinks he's wasting his money.
73) 0) text: VIEW out a window at the line of HEADLIGHTS still arrivin immersed in the ungodly WHITE NOISE of an all-gentleman's soiree, music pushed beyond the level of distortion, asso grunts, squeals, unintelligible words, things breaking. struggle to look around... ...every square inch is crammed tight with semi-conscious Tert Card and some boys circle the potato chip barrel, wh become a handy urinal.  Near the door, Dennis holding for tight around Quoyle who listens, listens, chuckles.  Then fights his way... ...OUT of the trailer, to cold night air where the party wilder, given the elbow room.  Quoyle steps OVER the supi Billy Pretty, who is singing to himself.  Finds Jack Bugg beer in one hand a rum in the other.  Wraps a drunken arm Jack's neck.  Starts to talk in his ear.  Jack looks susp FIGHT breaks out a few feet away.  They don't notice.  Cl to hear... QUOYLE (shouting against the din) SO THE NEXT DAY, THEY ALL SIT DOWN ON THE GIRDER.  THE BRIT OPENS HIS LUNCH BOX.  'OH, NO!  SCOTCH SALMON AGAIN!  FAREWELL, BOYS!'  AND HE JUMPS OFF THE GIRDER TO HIS DEATH.
73) 1) text: Jack nods.  Grins.  That's pretty funny.
73) 5) text: Funniest yet.  Jack is chuckling already.
73) 7) text: Quoyle is chortling.  But Jack stares him dead in the eye
73) 8) dialog: YOU'RE SURE.  THE FELLER WAS A STATIE.
73) 10) text: At which point Jack BUSTS OUT laughing fit to wet his pan
73) 11) dialog: MADE HIS OWN LUNCH!
76) 0) text: Quoyle alone with Jack in open water.  Pulling on a slick gloves, picking up a knife.  Jack is pronging cod onto th
76) 1) dialog: Hands might as well be movin' while we chat.  Always hated th' sight a grown men around a table workin' nuthin' but their jaws.
76) 4) dialog: Well, Tert Card's gone, fer one thing.
76) 6) dialog: Yar, I know, he never said g'bye. Well, don't get all weepy-eyed about it, old son.  Try t'be a man.
76) 8) dialog: They called him from St. John's, he tells me.  Wants him to help put out th' newsletter fer them oil rig suppliers.
76) 10) dialog: He was sassy an' he was smug.  Oh, there's a waitin' list, he assures me.  They only skims th' cream.
76) 12) dialog: Truth t'tell.  I was a wee help. B'hind the scenes, doncha know.
76) 13) text: Keeps working. JACK (quietly) Sometimes.  Enough is enough.
76) 17) dialog: Spot I'm in, Christmas and all. Might have to offer th'mess.  To you.
76) 20) text: Jack looks at him for the first time.  A real twinkle beh
76) 21) dialog: Y'know.  Yer do have the sense God gave a doughnut. QUOYLE (genuinely touched) I'II try to live up to that.
76) 22) text: Said with such sincerity, Jack can only nod.  Good.
76) 23) dialog: Any other outrageous demands? Seein' as yer got me over a barrel.  Here's your one chance.
76) 27) dialog: You were sayin'...?
76) 30) text: Jack's eyes.  Flat and cold as the cod he's gutting.
76) 31) dialog: Well, there's only one a those issued per family.  So how exactly would he do that?
76) 33) dialog: Even doughnuts, y'know.  Can push their luck.
78) 0) text: Quoyle enters a packed auditorium, festooned for Christ's with every trimming imaginable.  Rough fishermen in black they wear once a year, women in finery, schoolkids at the scrubbed best, antsy with anticipation.  The BUZZ is audi palpable.  No Broadway opening could hope for this level eagerness. As Quoyle comes down the aisle, we see faces we know.  Bo Nutbeem's party.  Billy Pretty with Jack and Mrs. Buggit. Yark and his bird-like wife.  The old-timer who sold Quoy boat.  Mavis Bangs with an empty seat next to her, must b for Agnis.  All the kids from daycare.  Still, Quoyle sea the face he doesn't find.  And finally... ...to the third row, where Dennis and Beety have saved hi Beety gives him a peck on the cheek, and he smiles, settl nervous as hell, just as... ...the school principal, still dressed for England, walks mike at center stage.  Holds up her hands like the discip she prides herself on being, and they quiet pretty fast.
80) 54) text: Means those words as an opening blow.  Jacks or better. the hole card...
83) 0) text: Steel gray morning.  The sea is more than a little rough, lays out his lobster traps.  Two other boats, not too clo appear and disappear in mist.  He is checking the lines, hefty weights onto the traps to take them down. JACK (sings to himself) Oh, th' Gandy Goose she ain't no uuuuse Cos all her nuts'n bolts is...
83) 1) text: Stops.  Halfway to lowering the next trap over the side. JACK (mutters) Sweet Jesus.  I'm turnin' inta Alvin Cockadoodle Yark!
83) 2) text: As it nears the water line, Jack's cat SKIPPER TOM sudden down ONTO the trap.  Jack blinks.
83) 3) dialog: What is this?  Suicide attempt?
83) 4) text: Tries to let go of the trap and grab the cat in one motio cat JUMPS BACK to the boat, Jack STUMBLING out of his way the coiled line which WHIRRS as the trap goes... ...DOWN, the line STRANGLING Jack's leg and WHIPPING him OVER the side in one startling heartbeat.  Almost comic t But then.  It is very quiet.  Air bubbles appear at the s In a few seconds... The water is unbroken.  The boat bobs silently in the swe
86) 9) text: Her great aunt looks at this child.  Bends to plant an un kiss on the top of Bunny's head.  The kid squirms, tugs h firmly off, as he sends a parting wave. Into the parlor now.  Quieter here, as the new arrivals t Jack Buggit in his open coffin, resting on black-draped s Dennis and his mom stand by Jack, a hand and a word for e moving into the line...
86) 19) text: She is thinking.  Keeping the thoughts to herself.  At th now, he lifts her up to see.  Jack lies motionless, a wax himself.  Serene behind violet eyelids.
86) 27) text: She smiles bravely as she takes it.  Leans up to kiss his MRS. BUGGIT (a whisper) Dennis showed me what y'wrote fer th' paper.  Did Jack proud.
86) 33) text: But she lets go.  Scampers to a corner of the room.  To H Prowse.  And his mom. So Quoyle starts toward her, his heart in his throat.  An Wavey looks up.  She is glad to see him.  As he reaches h She holds up her wrist.  Dangling from it, her turquoise She wore her best for Jack.  Quoyle stands very close.  O thing from his pocket...
86) 39) text: And across the room, Mrs. Buggit leans with trembling han the Lodge pin to Jack's lapel.  Shaking as she is, the ha lurches, the big pin goes PLUNGING, and... ...a rattling COUGH.  Rolls across this room.  The world silent.  Jack's wife grabs her son's arm, and their eyes staring into the box.
87) 5) text: She keeps unpacking.  Her face quiet and serious.  Her th own. QUOYLE (very softly) It's not fair, is it.  That Jack woke up.  And Petal didn't.