6) 1) dialog: Petal Bear, Mr. Quoyle.
6) 3) dialog: Do you hate this shit, or what?
6) 5) dialog: What do you think?  You want to marry me, don't you?
6) 7) dialog: Buy me a drink somewhere, it's seven-thirty.  I think I'm going to fuck you by ten.  What do you think of that?
6) 9) dialog: You are quite.  The raconteur.
7) 0) text: Petal naked in near-darkness, moves with authority toward massive lumpy creature nearly overflowing his bed.  Draws covers back. Stares.
7) 1) dialog: Christ.  I won the lottery.
7) 4) text: Petal RIDING in silhouette, with great, violent swoops. his face, his eyes.  Lovelight.
8) 2) text: ...the back of Petal, talking to a big guy in a shiny sui
8) 5) dialog: What do you think?  You want to marry me, don't you?
9) 1) dialog: Hey.  How do you make an Alabama Slammer?
9) 4) dialog: Alabama.  Hence, the question.
9) 7) dialog: That's a swell idea.  Now go look on top of the fridge, where I keep the Mr. Boston.  I'll wait.
9) 11) dialog: I'm busy, I'll see y... QUOYLE (reads) Ounce Southern Comfort, ounce Sloe Gin.  Ounce Triple Sec.  Three ounces o.j....
9) 12) dialog: Got it.
10) 0) text: ...an ECU of Bunny, now six years old, asleep in the flic blue light of a nearly-mute TV.  Apparently she was watch Sportscenter.  PAN the darkened shoebox room.  Toys every a clutter.  A pile of used Barbies, limbs jutting in all directions, waiting for a mass grave.  BACK to Bunny, to ...she sleeps in her father's lap.  His chin resting on h an industrial-size bag of cookies handy.  Somewhere, a do ...SLAMS HARD.  Quoyle gently lays Bunny on her bed, and INTO the hall, to see Petal disappearing into her bedroom hurries to stop the door before it slams in his face. When she turns, she is  wasted, feral, and somehow as sex Her laser glare.  What the fuck do you want?
10) 3) dialog: Find yourself.  A girlfriend. With what you got down there, you'll do fine.
10) 5) dialog: Only thing can work, here.  Is divorce.
10) 9) dialog: Your funeral, pussy.
13) 0) text: Quoyle enters carrying a spray of violets.  HEAR Springer loud.  He goes to the parlor to find... ...MRS. MOOSUP, the babysitter, smoking and swigging a Pe is mean-ugly with flesh hanging beneath her arms.  She st him, the flowers. MRS. MOOSUP (dry) Mr. Quoyle.  You shouldn't have. QUOYLE (taking her literally) They're for Petal, Mrs. Moosup. I got something to tell her.
18) 4) text: Agnis in the good chair.  Teacup on her ample lap.  Asses photo on the end table, Petal's arctic eyes, rigidly sedu pose.  The snapshot enshrined by a neighboring votive ros jelly jar glass.
19) 0) text: A world of fog and reflected high beams.  Big rig pulls o Petal climbs up and in, her short red dress fluttering ab thighs. The truck is roaring heedlessly through dense cloud.  The gross and bald, snot suspended from his nostrils.  He let the wheel to run his hairy hands UNDER Petal's dress, whi the shotgun window, we see... ...Quoyle FLYING along outside, like a superhero.  Except shocked bug-eyed by the tableau.  The disgusting driver b face in Petal's hair, she throws her head back laughing, driver becomes Quoyle's FATHER, Quoyle silently SHRIEKING the window, and SMASH cut to...
26) 0) text: Quoyle driving alone in his best suit.  Which is also his suit.  Which is also the suit he wore to interview Ed Pun ago.  Hard rain.  Potholes.  Around a curve, to see ahead REAR ANGLE of a tall WOMAN, holding the hand of a CHILD a walk in their slickers through the downpour.  As he passe they TURN and.. ...the woman is Petal.  The child is Bunny.  They both st tongues out at him. Past now.  Looking in the rear-view.  The woman is lovely no longer Petal.  The child is a BOY, with a slack face a smile.  Surprisingly, the same mother and son that Bunny the ferry.
40) 18) text: Quoyle looks over to the woman.  But instead of Wavey, he PETAL, staring at him with slow predatory heat.
40) 19) dialog: Want to pick my berries, do you. Should I climb right up on this sink?
47) 4) text: Quoyle SLAPS his hands across his mouth.  Sorry!  He tipt Rounds a bend.  Walking faster now... Around another bend.  And stops.  Hold on his face.  REVE to take his view of... ...Petal, kneeling in a flimsy sundress, picking berries. Barefoot, her skirt hiked up, stained with berry juice. she turns to him... ...she is still Petal.  Her face is beautiful, and filled tender desire.  She looks at him the way he has always dr would.  He goes to... ...kneel beside her.  Touch her waist.  And now she is... ...another woman.  His hand is on Wavey's waist, and it c slowly away.  But her eyes are locked to his.  Making her WAVEY (very soft) Look.  I like you.
58) 13) dialog: Look, it floats.  Just like you.
58) 15) dialog: Maybe it's filled with fat.
58) 20) text: He turns.  And there she is.  Beaming at him from the bow little rowboat, a smile ambiguous in the growing dusk.  I love.  From behind her a light GLOWS, giving Petal the as angel. She drops a wink.  FADES away.  And the light becomes... ...the BEAM from a fishing boat.  Quoyle squints his swol as strong hands WRENCH him from his box.  From the sea. warbles, distorted by wind and Quoyle's diminished consci
66) 21) text: And when he looks to her, she is... PETAL (Wavey's voice) And this is it.
66) 24) text: Petal arches a delicate brow. PETAL (Wavey's voice) Overnight?
81) 0) text: ANGLE...Dennis and his wife BEETY bundled together asleep ferocious storm HOWLS around the house. ANGLE...Quoyle awake on the sofa in Dennis' parlor.  Clut blankets around him.  Eyes jumping with every SHRIEK of t marauding wind.  Mind racing with thoughts of Wavey.  And eggshells. ANGLE...Bunny asleep with Dennis' daughter MARTY.  The ro to vibrate under the violence of the weather's assault. Bunny now, and... ...her eyes OPEN.  A strange intent in them.  A knowledge slips from Marty's bed in her thin blue nightdress.  Thro house in the dark, as the wind SCREAMS its warning.  Into lor where her father sleeps, as the wind suddenly INVADES ...SUCKS her straight UP the chimney and out INTO the hea storm.  SAILING like a loosened kite out across the black Out and out, as gray light rises, to... ...Quoyle Point, where she is blown FLAT against a granit just in front of the Green House, which SHIVERS and plead the wind, its steel cables STRAINING, and suddenly from w house, lights come ON... ...the WHITE DOG is in a window.  No longer snarling and but whining pitifully, begging to be saved.  And on the s floor... ...PETAL alone, wild-eyed with terror.  She is dressed al and her daisy-chain necklace flies about her throat as sh against the glass, her eyes staring directly AT her daugh can only scream soundlessly against the gale as the house ...begins to come LOOSE, the first cable SNAPPING and WHI about with the fierce destructiveness of unleashed power, NEXT, and ANOTHER, and with Petal still visible, HOWLING windows BURSTING everywhere else like flash bulbs, the ho ...slides FREE, along the rocks, toward the cliff, Bunny as it goes OVER the edge, TUMBLES down toward the sea, an ...sits BOLT UPRIGHT in bed, a single GASP as her dad is holding her tight.  She is soaked with sweat.  But her ey wild.  They are filled with the knowing. BUNNY (a whisper) Daddy.  The Green House is gone.
82) 1) text: We see now.  Bunny has unearthed a huge wooden crate from hiding place.  Too engrossed in counting its contents to As he comes over... BUNNY (not looking up) Petal's things.
87) 5) text: She keeps unpacking.  Her face quiet and serious.  Her th own. QUOYLE (very softly) It's not fair, is it.  That Jack woke up.  And Petal didn't.