3) 0) text: The giant dome shines in the early sun. INT-JUPITER ONE  John and Maureen face will and Penny who their freezing tubes. All  wear silver flight suits. Maur Penny's hair from in front of her face.
3) 8) dialog: (entering his tube) Major, she's all yours.
30) 3) dialog: Maureen. The children. Maureen grabs Will and Penny, pulls them down just as the away their tubes. John pulls a laser pistol from a wall mount.
30) 4) dialog: Disengage safety.
30) 39) dialog: I've got a com signal. Suddenly the radio SQUAWKS into life.
30) 41) dialog: Emergency power's on line. I think I can get these blast shields open. VIEWSCREEN CLOSE. The blast shields part to reveal a gian in their path. They are heading directly for the sun.
32) 0) text: John and Don stand over the Com.
35) 0) text: DON and John man the Com. The sun is a raging fireball de
35) 1) dialog: I've re-routed all secondary systems to the main drive.
35) 3) dialog: My family's not going die in space.
37) 2) dialog: There's got to be some way to get through this. DON stares at him.
37) 4) dialog: What's it?
37) 6) dialog: Engage the hyperdrive without a gate, we could be thrown anywhere in the galaxy
40) 4) dialog: Hyperdrive at 100 percent. Major, you have the Com.
46) 0) text: Maureen kneels before Penny and Will, making sure they're stands silently in the b.g. Judy's gurney is empty. John face wrought with fatherly concern.
46) 1) dialog: Is everyone okay?
46) 3) dialog: Judy? Where's Judy? Just then Judy emerges through a door, zipping up her fli
46) 5) dialog: Are you-
46) 7) dialog: Baby, are you okay?
47) 5) dialog: See anything familiar? Don just shakes his head.
47) 7) dialog: This computer has star maps of the entire known galaxy.
47) 10) dialog: Any effect on the ship?
47) 12) dialog: (off the navigational hologram) All the planets have moved.
49) 2) dialog: No. Go back in front of it.
50) 1) dialog: It's a hole in space. A doorway.
50) 3) dialog: If we want to reach that ship, we're going to have to find out.
52) 3) dialog: There are some markings on the starboard side. Can you throw some light on her?
52) 7) dialog: How could Earth launch a ship this massive and neither of us know about it? ... It just doesn't make sense.
52) 9) dialog: Maybe her computer's still up. I'm trying standard remote access codes. ON SCREEN-A docking ring on the giant ship comes to life, coming to life, the docking aperture rotating open.
54) 1) dialog: Can you give me some light on the secondary docking ring? A smaller docking ring is illuminated on the viewscreen.
59) 2) dialog: Deactivate safety.
59) 4) dialog: You did a good job up there son. You saved us all.
59) 6) dialog: I know I haven't around much these days.That we haven't had time to-
59) 8) dialog: Will, you're the most important thing in the world to me. I hope one day you'll be able to see that. With that, John walks out. Will stares after him. Faces t
60) 0) text: A long dark corridor. Slowly the ambient lights come up. to reveal Smith, John, Don, Judy and the Robot, stepping docking chamber, the airlock closing in the b.g.
60) 4) dialog: Not working?
60) 8) dialog: Some kind of hieroglyphics. WALL-CLOSE. A series of hieroglyphics are scrawled on the The sketches tell a story. HIEROGLYPH-CLOSE. The alien craft docks with the giant sh SECOND HIEROGLYPH-CLOSE-A trio of inhuman bipedal stick f the giant ship. THIRD HIEROGLYPH-CLOSE. The shape of a sun or a disc, fro many legs. This final hieroglyph is circled in a clotted substance. Don touches the stain. CHAPTER 13: Exploration
62) 4) dialog: (pointing) Here. THE CEILING shows a jagged hole, covered with some kind o membrane, leading to the dark of a service tunnel above. DRIPS steadily onto the floor below.
62) 9) dialog: Let's find the bridge. Maybe we can get some answers. They head off. HOLD on the dripping membrane.
65) 3) dialog: Can you bring up the Captain's log?
66) 0) text: Will is at his station, watching Don and John via the Rob
67) 1) dialog: After it. Move. (to the Robot) Bring Smith.
69) 0) text: A jungle. John and Judy arrive behind Don.
71) 8) dialog: It's possible this is one of the creatures represented in the hieroglyphs we saw on the wall. It must have been their ship attached to the other docking ring. The beast has moved onto Don's shoulder, is now clutching burying its tiny face into his neck. Don can't help but L
71) 11) dialog: Let's get back to the bridge. As they leave, a dark shape skitters across the ceiling i background. Ominous. Unseen. CHAPTER 14: Giant Spiders!
73) 0) text: John is at the Com.
73) 1) dialog: I've tapped into the internal sensor array. Besides us, this ship is totally deserted.
77) 1) dialog: Evacuate. Now! The team races for the door as several more spiders drop hole in the ceiling, landing in the bridge and scampering our fleeing heros.
80) 2) dialog: Which way?
81) 3) dialog: Got to seal the bulkhead.
84) 1) dialog: Will, get the Robot in here. The Robot stands in the open portal, covered by spiders, shredding his hull, his electrical charge beginning to SH
86) 1) dialog: Leave him behind.
89) 1) dialog: Seal it. Now! Don hits a switch just as a spider breaks free, rushing t dropping airlock door. Smith recoils from the swiping tal SMITH'S BACK-CLOSE. A tiny rand and beneath, a razor thin THE DOOR drops, the spider's arm, still twitching, severe airlock.
90) 1) dialog: Get us out of here. Don is already powering up the ship's engines as Smith tr separating himself from the tiny lizard monkey.
90) 3) dialog: Get me an external view. A MONITOR shows the hull of the Jupiter Two. More spiders onto the ship, attaching themselves to the hull.
90) 4) dialog: Prepare to disengage. THE LIZARD MONKEY skitters up the back of Penny's chair, head, getting tangled in her hair before jumping into her
92) 4) dialog: Nothing good.
93) 4) dialog: Can you hit them again?
93) 7) dialog: That's the same expression you had when my mother came to stay with us. MAUREEN'S MONITOR-CLOSE. A graphic of the severed spider line begins to extrapolate to the rest of the figure. Mus flesh are drawn in on the screen.
93) 13) dialog: Command codes are sequenced. Try the next series.
93) 15) dialog: Just do it. Don begins entering command codes. The mighty probe ship begins to power up, engines glowing begin their initial BURN.
93) 17) dialog: Think about it, Don. The ships's advanced technology. Your friend looking old. What if that ship is from our future?
93) 20) dialog: Can you get the fusion drive on line?
97) 2) dialog: Give them a little encouragement.
99) 1) dialog: Get us out of here. Fast. Don looks at John a beat, then he begins working the cont
99) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
99) 4) dialog: Don, stop. That's a direct order. We might need to salvage-
99) 6) dialog: Don, no. I'm ordering you-
105) 2) dialog: Pull up. Pull up.
112) 1) dialog: Everybody, by the numbers. Maureen straightens, rubs her neck.
113) 1) dialog: You violated a direct order.
114) 0) text: Cavernous. John and Don stand by the giant drive engines. holding a cylinder containing a mixture of power chips, s with radioactive fire, others dull and charred as coal.
114) 2) dialog: I told you not to blow that ship's reactors and you did it anyway.
114) 4) dialog: Don't hand me that. I'm commander of this mission.
114) 6) dialog: My father is not here. My father is dead, killed in one of his combat missions you so admire. My family is on this ship And you're going to follow my orders. Whether you agree with them or not. Is that clear, Major? Don's face is right up in John's.
114) 10) dialog: Maureen- Listen-
114) 13) dialog: Tell me about it. They head after her. CHAPTER 18: Danger Will! (Out of Sequence in screenplay.)
115) 0) text: Maureen stands at her life sciences station with John and
115) 2) dialog: That's at least what we'd need to get the core functioning again. John looks out the viewscreen at the alien night. Turns t
115) 3) dialog: We'll set off at daybreak. it'll be safer. Those are my orders, Major.
118) 18) dialog: What was I thinking, bringing us all out here into space?
118) 20) dialog: But solving the world's problems doesn't leave much time for the people you love, does it?
118) 22) dialog: Now he's decided he can rebuild the robot. Wants to show me his designs. I've got too much to do-
118) 24) dialog: We can't get off this planet much less back on course. I don't have time to...
118) 26) dialog: As soon as we get back into space, we're going to spend some real time together. I promise. Maureen looks out the window. A long beat. Then she smile
118) 27) dialog: What?
118) 29) dialog: How would you feel about a little late night tutorial, Professor? John moves to her, begins pulling her down, out of FRAME.
118) 31) dialog: Going for extra credit.
119) 2) dialog: Good night Maureen.
121) 3) dialog: Okay, let's get settled. Maureen? MAUREEN'S MONITOR-CLOSE. A geothermal analysis shows the that make up this world appear mismatched.
121) 5) dialog: I was afraid of this. Al1 eyes turn to John.
121) 6) dialog: I think these tremors are the result of opening and closing doorways.
121) 8) dialog: The future.
121) 10) dialog: Remember the portal that lead us to the probe ship? What if we crossed a into a time years after Earth sent a rescue mission.
121) 13) dialog: This world could be riddled with doorways to the future.
121) 16) dialog: If these portals are opening and closing, part of some cascading, natural phenomenon, they could be tearing this planet apart
121) 18) dialog: Son, I appreciate your input but now isn't the time for flights of fancy.
121) 20) dialog: There's no telling how long before this planet breaks up entirely. (rising). Don and I are going to locate the radioactive material for the core. Get the ship ready to go. We may have very little time.
122) 0) text: John, suited up, heads for the open front hatch when he s sitting alone in the Com chair, tinkering with his deck.
122) 1) dialog: Aren't you coming out to say goodbye? Will just shakes his head.
122) 4) dialog: Whenever your grandfather went away on a mission, held leave these with me. For safe keeping. And when he got home I d always be waiting to give them back. He lifts the chain and places it around the boy's neck.
122) 5) dialog: I'm coming back Will. I promise. Will is silent. John touches the boy's hair, then walks o Will looks up after his father, fingering the dog tags.
123) 2) dialog: We'll just have to hope the doorways remain stable.
123) 4) text: Come home to me, Professor. JOHN
123) 5) text: I love you, wife. John kisses her. Don looks at Judy. JUDY
123) 8) text: See. I'm regretting it already. (coy) Kisses have to be earned. Say goodbye, Blip. Blip reaches up and touches John's face. Then her CHIRPS approximation of the words Penny taught her. BLIP
123) 9) text: Nice girl. Pretty girl. Nice. JOHN
130) 0) text: John and Don emerge from the brush. They have come to one crater walls. John looks from the rock face to his tracke JOHN
130) 2) text: Damn? Damn is not good. JOHN
130) 3) text: The radiation signature we've been tracking. it's a  ghost. A reflection from the Jupiter Two bouncing off the ore in these walls. There's no core material here. (OVER) a sudden RUMBLING. The ground shakes. The ROAR of portal rushes towards them like a glittering maw, the sid crater aging and crumbling in it's wake. John and Don race away from the distortion, ducking falli roll clear as the portal stabilizes, now a fixed doorway more deserted future. JOHN
133) 0) text: Don and John are crossing the brush. The terrain in growi desolate, desert like. The double suns hang on the horizo JOHN
133) 2) text: Could these be from the probe? JOHN
133) 5) text: What kind of nightmare is this? Where the hell are we? JOHN
133) 6) text: No, Major, when the hell are we? Suddenly Don is hit in the chest with a plasma charge, go John ducks and rolls, FIRING his laser from behind the co rocky mound. John goes up to take another SHOT, is bit wi electrical blast, falling hard. Still.
135) 1) text: Well, well. All things really do come to he who waits. A FIGURE sits in the command chair, visage obscured by sh JOHN
135) 3) text: Why Professor, the shock must have scrambled your brain. Look around you. Don't you recognize the spot? You've come home. JOHN
135) 4) text: This can't be... But even as the words cross his lips, he knows it is. JOHN
135) 6) text: Your family is dead. Dead and in the ground. JOHN
135) 10) text: Without you, your family never had a chance. A few spidersv survived the destruction of the probe ship. They reached the planet and attacked. I can still hear the women scream. JOHN
135) 11) text: Who are you? The figure walks forward, into the light. Stands there a he lifts something hanging around his neck. Tarnished met familiar. John's father's dog tags. FIGURE
138) 0) text: The Robot, shoving John with one claw, carrying Don in th follows Older Will into the giant room. OLDER WILL
138) 3) text: (coming to) . . .ouch. Who ordered me that last drink? What the hell is going on? JOHN
138) 7) text: The core material. if we could get that back to our Jupiter Two... JOHN
138) 10) text: I will return home, to the very day you took us on this cursed mission. I'll stop us from taking off. I'll do what you never could. I'll save the family. I'll save us all. JOHN
138) 12) text: I'm going home. I'm going to save the family. JOHN
139) 0) text: John stands facing older Will. Don is in the b.g., edging control panel and the descending core material. JOHN
139) 4) text: Never fear. Smith is here. JOHN
140) 2) text: Well, it would seem the time is upon us. Off we go, William. Spider Smith starts climbing the gantry, truly like a spi towards the bridge and crows nest hanging over the bubble Will walks to the control console platform, the platform to rise on the gantry, towards the bridge above. JOHN-POV. Something hangs from below the climbing Spider It's an egg pouch of the kind they saw on the probe ship JOHN
142) 0) text: John and Don talk in the holding area. The Robot stands g the TREMORS are increasing in frequency. WEST
144) 0) text: Don, John, Will and the Robot stand at the open hatch. Ou ground RUMBLES. JOHN
144) 2) text: What do you mean? JOHN
144) 4) text: I'll stay. The family needs their father JOHN
144) 6) text: Without the core we'll never have enough power to make orbit. JOHN
144) 8) text: Good luck. Commander. Just then Will and the Robot arrive. JOHN
144) 10) text: (fighting tears) You'll tell me when you get back to the ship. Now there just isn't time. John bites back a bittersweet smile. (OVER) another RUMBL JOHN
145) 2) text: Where's John? WEST
145) 5) text: We've already begun the pre-flight countdown. You have the Com. (off Don's expression) I'm going to save as many lives as I can, Major. Now strap in. INT.-JUPITER TWO-ENGINE ROOM CONTROL PLATFoRm-FUTURE (OVER) TREMORS. More lava is rushing up towards the mercu themselves beginning to crack. SMITH opens a gate at the end of the crow's-nest and a ga unfolds above the doorway in time. JOHN (OVER)
145) 7) text: John stands on the platform behind Smith, fighting star i slashes for his face. Smith moves fast, knocking the star gantry bridge with his arm. John leaps on Smith, using hi JOHN
145) 8) text: You sabotaged our mission. (hook) You killed my family (jab) You stole my son. It's payback time. Smith's head moves from each impact, but the punches have It smiles. Grabs John and hurls him across the platform. SPIDER SMITH
145) 9) text: Spare me the fury of the righteous. The monster leans down over John. Opens its jaw. SPIDER SMITH
145) 10) text: I think there's time for a snack before my trip. John's hand is reaching towards the fallen fighting star. moment John grabs the metal weapon from the catwalk, slas across the face, silver-red blood pouring down his cheek. SPIDER SMITH
145) 11) text: (sarcastic) Oh, the pain. The pain. JOHN
145) 12) text: You ain't seen nothing yet. John feints towards Smith's head and then slashes low, cu viscous membrane of the monster's egg pouch. SPIDER SMITH-CLOSE. Surprised. JOHN
145) 14) text: No. Stop. No! Spider Smith tumbles backwards, falling against the rail of the platform. John rises and rushes him, SHOULDER-SLAM sending Smith hurling over towards the bubble below. Spider Smith hits the bubble, missing the doorway formed laser and is swept up by the tides of time. JOHN
145) 15) text: Take all the time you want to die. Spider Smith SCREAMS as he disappears and reappears in th half-formed images within the bubble before vanishing alt John turns. The core cylinder has descended almost entire main console. only seconds before it's too late to retrie
149) 0) text: CONTROL CONSOLE-CLOSE. The core material in sinking fast. towards it when something on the gantry catches his eye. GANTRY-CLOSE. Wedged into the grill work is a shiny scrap reflecting the setting sunlight. John's father's dog tags John rushes to the rail. There, still unconscious and han dog-tag chain is Older Will. CHAIN-CLOSE. The metal links are pulling apart. Will is s from falling into the pool. JOHN-POV. The cylinder has completely sunken into the mac Will or the core material. No time for both. John stands a beat, immobile. Then he drops to his knees, down as the chain breaks, grabbing Will's wrist at the la The dog tags tumble into the pool below as John hoists Ol onto the safety of the gangplank. JOHN
149) 2) text: Dad? JOHN
149) 5) text: You could have taken the core and left before it was too late. You saved me instead. John stares at him. JOHN
157) 0) text: John and Will kneel on the crow's nest as the Jupiter Two fire geysers in the sky through the torn hull. The ship i once, again, finally EXPLODING in a ROARING ball of fire. JOHN-CLOSE. A man who has lost everything he ever loved. JOHN
158) 4) text: Look. The roof of the hull is beginning to swirl, becoming tran water. There, standing above them, John and Older WILL.
158) 6) text: DON'T make me wait another lifetime to know how you feel. And with that he pushes John over the edge, the Professor through space and into the bubble and the doorway below.
159) 0) text: The ceiling becomes water an John drops into the ship. Ma her husband. Then she looks up. Will is still visible thr watery hull. JOHN
159) 4) text: It's good to see you again, Mom. It's good to see you alive. (fading) Sorry about all the monkey business. Maureen reaches up towards her son, reaching down, the tw almost touching before Will is gone, the portal closed fo JOHN
159) 8) text: I'm glad you came back. JOHN
159) 9) text: I just want you to know I love you son. I love you very much. John takes the boy in his arms, father and son finally ho (OVER) more RUMBLING as the ground continues to give way. WEST (OVER)
159) 10) text: The planet is breaking up around us. John moves fast to the Com. WEST
159) 11) text: Nice of you to drop in. John smiles a beat, then he's all business. JOHN
161) 2) text: Boy, that felt good. JOHN
163) 1) text: I'm going to try to reach escape velocity. Maybe we can break the gravitational pull. JOHN
163) 3) text: We might- JOHN
163) 5) text: What? JOHN
163) 7) text: That's insane. JOHN
163) 8) text: I don't have time to argue. I'm giving you a direct order, Major. Don and John stare at each other a beat. Then Don smiles. WEST
167) 0) text: JOHN
169) 7) text: I promised Judy I'd take care of her. I couldn't leave her all alone. (all stare at her) Well I am their princess, after all. (turning) You can come out mow. Forms in the cargo hold de-camouflage. The other lizard m standing amidst glittering canisters of Dimondium. JOHN
169) 13) text: We'll be sucked in. JOHN