3) 7) dialog: Don't let me shatter this unbridled display of affection, but we are running behind.
3) 10) dialog: Mission control this is Dr. Robinson. We are in the green.
3) 13) dialog: Barely enough for you and your ego, Major. Drive carefully. (touches her com-link) initializing cryostasis tubes. The tubes rotate closed around the Robinsons. Suddenly ea member is surrounded by a shimmering blue glow, brighteni star and then subsiding. All stand fixed in suspended ani Don stares at the family a beat. He goes to the main cons himself in.
30) 32) text: Maureen stands at Judy's freezing tube. The young doctor' is sparking on and off.
34) 0) text: Penny, Smith and Maureen have transferred Judy onto a hi- scanning-bed. A hovering holographic schematic of Judy's appears over her, descends onto her body.
36) 0) text: Smith begins pumping Judy's chest by hand.
36) 4) dialog: You should try to look less worried. It has a tendency to spook the patients.
41) 0) text: Maureen and Penny watch as Smith swaddles Judy in thermal Suddenly, Maureen, Penny, and Smith fly against the walls held in place by the gurney straps.
46) 0) text: Maureen kneels before Penny and Will, making sure they're stands silently in the b.g. Judy's gurney is empty. John face wrought with fatherly concern.
46) 4) dialog: Boy either I cut down on the coffee or sew in a flap. It's hell getting in and out of this thing.
46) 6) dialog: Vitals are normal. Pulse and respiration seem to be-
46) 8) dialog: I'm fine Daddy really. John holds her close, spared a father's worst fear.
47) 2) dialog: Smart maneuver with the hyper-drive.
60) 0) text: A long dark corridor. Slowly the ambient lights come up. to reveal Smith, John, Don, Judy and the Robot, stepping docking chamber, the airlock closing in the b.g.
60) 1) dialog: The air is stale. Old.
60) 6) dialog: Motion sensors are still working.
60) 10) dialog: If I didn't know better I'd say this is blood.
62) 5) dialog: That material appears biological.
65) 1) dialog: What the hell happened in here?
65) 10) dialog: I've got something here. A turning holograph appears over the console panel. A deg of a trembling, viscous pouch. Tiny shapes move within.
65) 11) dialog: They brought it up from the planet's surface. It's seems to be some sort of egg sack. Don notices Smith's standing in the storage alcove.
69) 0) text: A jungle. John and Judy arrive behind Don.
69) 2) dialog: Growth like this would take decades. The Robot arrives through the lab door, carrying Smith in
71) 0) text: West stares down at the creature in his hand, now a calme friendly blue. Judy approaches.
71) 1) dialog: Well, who do we have here? As the beast struggles in Don's hand it changes color, ch trying to hide. No luck. Don holds fast.
71) 4) dialog: Looks like you've made a friend. You have a good bedside manner, Major.
71) 7) dialog: Where do you think it came from?
80) 0) text: The Robot is holding up the rear, its torso swiveled back can retreat and FIRE simultaneously. The Robot's plasma BLASTS have more effect than-the laser the spiders into tiny pieces of inhuman flesh and metal. But more monsters are pouring through the holes in the co ceiling, some giving chasing, others swarming injured com Judy watches as several spiders devour their fallen breth
80) 1) dialog: They eat their wounded. Our heroes race to a nexus, corridors leading off in all Spiders are dropping from the ceiling around them.
81) 5) dialog: The fire sensor. Judy pulls her gun, FIRES, hitting a ceiling sensor at th corridor. Blast doors SLAM, sealing out most of the spide DON-CLOSE. Impressed. BLAST DOORS-CLOSE. Metal teeth begin tearing through the Our group has made it to the door to the docking bay. The the Robot coming through the open doorway last and holdin
82) 4) dialog: Shut up.
92) 1) dialog: I think those things were using the probe ship as a way to trap food.
112) 3) dialog: Mission medical, I'm alive.
116) 0) text: Judy examines the lizard monkey. Penny strokes the tiny c producing a string of BLIPS.
116) 2) dialog: Right now she's a girl. But I think your little pal here is from a self-replicating species. At different stages of life she, or he, probably alternates sexes.
116) 5) dialog: Penny, you've never taken care of a thing in your life besides yourself.
116) 7) dialog: ...The moment you misplace her, or forget to feed her, we leave her on this planet where she can live in the wild. I'm not kidding Penny. And with that Judy EXITS. Penny sits, stroking the tiny c
118) 0) text: Judy sits in one of the command chairs over a the remains sipping water, staring out into the alien night.
118) 2) dialog: A million strange stars and only one wish. I wish we were home. Don comes and sits in the co-pilot's chair beside her.
118) 3) dialog: I never thought a sky could look so alien. ...We really are lost.
118) 5) dialog: (smiles) We just billow our sails and let the wind blow us home, Is that it Major?
118) 9) dialog: The great bucktoothed Bunny... Bugs. Don smiles. Judy can't help but smile back. Their faces a
118) 11) dialog: Excuse me?
118) 13) dialog: So you figure just dispense with the pleasantries, get down to business?
118) 15) dialog: (provocative) Right here? On this console? Don moves his face to hers, only a breath apart.
118) 17) dialog: Next time, fly slower. She rises, walks off, leaving Don mopping his brow. INT.-JOHN &amp; MAUREEN'S QUARTERS Maureen sits on the edge of her bed brushing her hair as activates the automated security systems.
119) 5) dialog: Good night Penny.
121) 2) dialog: How can half the landscape have grown up overnight?
123) 3) dialog: These crater walls are disabling the com-links. You won't be able to communicate with the ship. (OVER) the ground shakes again. Maureen
123) 5) text: I love you, wife. John kisses her. Don looks at Judy. JUDY
123) 7) text: This is kind of a kiss for luck occasion, wouldn't you agree, Doc? JUDY
128) 0) text: Judy and Maureen are hanging on repelling lines before th wall, shipping away ore that glitters like diamonds. JUDY
128) 2) text: Not really. Geologists have speculated that Dimondium might be naturally occurring in many older worlds. Part of a biosphere's way of rejuvenating itself. JUDY
129) 12) text: Come, come, son, no time for distractions. Let's move on. Smith shoves Will on, the boy unable to see what Smith sa PAN DOWN. Headstones. Each bears a marking, the names sti Maureen, Penny and Judy Robinson.
136) 0) text: Maureen and Judy, lasers drawn, are pushing through the b JUDY
137) 0) text: Judy is examining the palm of the largest beast as Mauree the images graven into the giant stone. JUDY
137) 2) text: Speak, doctor. JUDY
137) 4) text: Except the prints on this giant creature and our little Blip match exactly. Don't they? JUDY
137) 6) text: Because, I think Blip and our friend here are actually one and the same. Penny and Judy stare at her in wonder.
143) 3) text: I came through the forest. I had a promise I had to keep. Before Maureen can respond the ground RUMBLES, begins cru JUDY
152) 0) text: Judy is at navigation, frantically enhance the stabilizer JUDY
152) 1) text: I'm reading a power build up. Markers in the red- Suddenly the panel EXPLODES, sending Judy flying across t Penny races to her sister. Kneels. Judy's eyes are wide, PENNY
169) 0) text: DON guides the ship out into space. Judy comes up behind JUDY
169) 2) text: So, I earn that kiss yet? JUDY
169) 3) text: (a peck on the cheek) You earned that. DON shrugs, begins to turn away. Judy grabs him. JUDY
169) 4) text: This one is on credit. She gives him a long, passionate kiss. She lets him go, s JUDY
169) 7) text: I promised Judy I'd take care of her. I couldn't leave her all alone. (all stare at her) Well I am their princess, after all. (turning) You can come out mow. Forms in the cargo hold de-camouflage. The other lizard m standing amidst glittering canisters of Dimondium. JOHN
169) 14) text: There's no way to get clear in time. JUDY