3) 0) text: The giant dome shines in the early sun. INT-JUPITER ONE  John and Maureen face will and Penny who their freezing tubes. All  wear silver flight suits. Maur Penny's hair from in front of her face.
3) 1) dialog: Don't, mom. Vogue says this will be the style in ten years.
3) 3) dialog: Does he have to wake up at all?
30) 12) dialog: Mom, look, it's Doctor Smith. Penny stands over Smith who lays crumpled in the corner. an emergency medi-kit from a wall clamp, tosses it to Pen
30) 14) dialog: Basic triage, lock down and stabilize. I know the drill. John is standing, helps Don to his feet.
30) 18) dialog: Explosions rock the ship. Danger is everywhere, 'Yet the Space Captive is fearless as she... A console FLARES. Penny fights back tears, terrified.
30) 19) dialog: I want to go home now. Don is at the navigational system.
30) 24) dialog: I've got life signs. (wincing) Boy, somebody could use a breath mint. West turns, spots Smith for the first time.
32) 6) dialog: I'm on it. Penny races off. Smith begins working the controls to Jud tube.
32) 12) dialog: He's futzing with that Robot.
32) 14) dialog: Does he have to call me dear?
34) 0) text: Penny, Smith and Maureen have transferred Judy onto a hi- scanning-bed. A hovering holographic schematic of Judy's appears over her, descends onto her body.
41) 0) text: Maureen and Penny watch as Smith swaddles Judy in thermal Suddenly, Maureen, Penny, and Smith fly against the walls held in place by the gurney straps.
46) 0) text: Maureen kneels before Penny and Will, making sure they're stands silently in the b.g. Judy's gurney is empty. John face wrought with fatherly concern.
47) 8) dialog: We're lost, aren't we? Judy wraps her arm around her sister.
56) 6) dialog: Show off.
57) 0) text: Penny stands guard, a rifle in her hand, talking into her
57) 1) dialog: And so the Space Captive finds herself helping the Robinsons by guarding the traitor. And she finds- Penny's VOICE trails off. Stares out the porthole. Endles
57) 2) dialog: She finds that out here, in the dark and cold, she's scared, and she's kind of glad they're all together. Just then Don approaches, a silver bundle under his arm.
57) 3) dialog: Identify yourself, soldier.
57) 5) dialog: Proceed Major West. Don smiles, winks at her, going through the door.
57) 6) dialog: Ouch. Could he be cuter? I don't think so.
63) 0) text: Maureen is at the main sensor console working an instrume Penny is hanging upside down in a harness overhead, using welder on a giant mass of exposed ceiling circuitry.
63) 1) dialog: Try it now, Mom. Maureen throws a switch. The panel lights up, then goes d
63) 2) dialog: Damn.
72) 0) text: Penny is still hanging overhead.
72) 1) dialog: I think I've got it. The sensor console comes back to life, displays lighting, lights going green. Maureen stares at the monitor.
72) 3) dialog: Those scales are giving off heat.
73) 8) dialog: Do you hear something? Suddenly the creature begins to SCREAM, leaping on Smith' clinging to his neck for dear life.
74) 0) text: Maureen stands with Penny at the main sensor station.
83) 0) text: Maureen and Penny are at the Com, powering up the engines within the holograph, fighting off the spiders.
90) 5) dialog: Get it off me. Get it off. Penny in frantically wiping the hair from her face. The t on her lap begins a perfect imitation of Penny. Don releases the docking ring, glances at the Monitor. Th ship is now entirely covered with spiders.
90) 7) dialog: It's okay. Everything's going to be alright. But she sounds anything but sure.
112) 5) dialog: Video Mechanics, okay.
112) 8) dialog: I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
116) 0) text: Judy examines the lizard monkey. Penny strokes the tiny c producing a string of BLIPS.
116) 1) dialog: What's the diagnosis, Doc? Is it cowboy or ballerina on Halloween?
116) 3) dialog: Imagine the savings on dating outfits alone. The tiny creature has begun playing with an aural scanner
116) 4) dialog: Can I keep her?
116) 6) dialog: Please. She's all alone. I promise I'll look after her. She needs me.
116) 8) dialog: We're both a long way from home, aren't we little one? The creature makes a tiny BLIP.
116) 9) dialog: That's what we'll call you. Blip. Blip reaches out, touches a green ribbon around Penny's w
116) 10) dialog: You like that? Penny takes the ribbon off, ties it around Blip's wrist. up, eyes glowing. Penny caresses the tiny creature's chee
116) 11) dialog: Nice girl. Pretty girl. Nice. The creature reaches up, touches Penny's cheek. Her tiny to imitate Penny's words of comfort.
119) 4) dialog: Good night Will.
121) 1) dialog: What are those rumblings? They've been happening all morning.
121) 7) dialog: Doorways to where?
123) 8) text: See. I'm regretting it already. (coy) Kisses have to be earned. Say goodbye, Blip. Blip reaches up and touches John's face. Then her CHIRPS approximation of the words Penny taught her. BLIP
123) 10) text: You take care of her, Penny. (kisses her head) Take care of you too, baby. Then the two men bead off, towards the portal and forest
125) 0) text: The beginnings of Will's home-made robot sits on the tabl the f.g. riffling his PERSONAL CARGO container. Penny ENTERS, an assortment of small electronic devices, and other metal and electronic objects. Dumps them on the PENNY
125) 2) text: Thanks, Pen. PENNY
125) 3) text: You want to come on a land survey? But Will just shakes his head, sulky. PENNY
128) 3) text: This one is ten times more powerful then that on Alpha Prime. There's enough here to save Earth. Penny stands in the f.g. with Blip on her arm, taking pla talking into her video recorder. PENNY
128) 4) text: After much deliberation, the Space Captive has decided to accept her new role as member of the crew. The Robinsons, after all, can  obviously use her help... Blip jumps up on Penny's arm, knocking her recorder to th PENNY
128) 5) text: (flaring) Now look what you've done. Stop hanging all over me. Blip stares at her, frightened by her tone, begins backin edge of the forest. She looks at Penny, then disappears i brush.. PENNY
128) 6) text: Blip. Wait. I'm sorry. Damn. Penny heads after the creature. HOLD on her recorder. For CHAPTER 19: A Different Future
129) 12) text: Come, come, son, no time for distractions. Let's move on. Smith shoves Will on, the boy unable to see what Smith sa PAN DOWN. Headstones. Each bears a marking, the names sti Maureen, Penny and Judy Robinson.
131) 0) text: Penny is pushing through the forest. PENNY
131) 1) text: Blip? I'm sorry. Blip? She spots the tiny creature ahead in the distance. Blip S ground, runs a few steps. SNIFFS again. Looks up. There, is another glittering hole in time. The forest beyond is the sky red. Blip steps through the portal. PENNY
131) 2) text: Blip, wait. Penny goes to the edge of the portal, stares at the monst trees beyond. A beat. Then she steps through, following.
132) 0) text: Penny pushes through dwindling brush to a series of rocky and caverns cut into the crater wall. BLIP is standing over a large circular stone, hopping up CHIRPING and BLIPPING madly. PENNY
132) 1) text: Blip, you can't run off like that. (closing on the stone) What the-? THE STONE-CLOSE. A series of hieroglyphs are painted on t rock, their images the same style as those on the probe s HIEROGLYPH ONE-CLOSE. A mighty battle in space is depicte PENNY (OVER)
132) 2) text: Some kind of fight, in space. It almost looks like the probe ship Major West blew up. HIEROGLYPH TWO-CLOSE. A fiery star falls to the planet's PENNY
132) 3) text: That could be the Jupiter Two crash landing. HIEROGLYPH THREE-CLOSE. Here a dark haired beauty holds a lizard monkey aloft, her face remarkably like Penny's. Suddenly BLIP begins to SHRIEK. (OVER) RUSTLING leaves. SHAPES are moving in the trees, the vague outline of camo dropping to the ground. Five figures suddenly de-camoufla monkeys, two large, two smaller. Directly in front of Penny, the largest monkey de-camoufl grown, the beast is nearly twice Penny's height. Around t wrist is something odd. An old, tattered green ribbon. BLIP begins to SCREAM and SHRIEK. PENNY
132) 5) text: Nice girl. Pretty girl. Nice. Penny stares up in stunned wonder.
136) 1) text: Penny? Penny? The four lizard monkeys are kneeling in a circle around P MAUREEN
136) 2) text: Penny? Baby, are you alright? Penny rises, steps forward, carrying Blip. The other beas their faces genuflecting, almost reverential. PENNY
137) 6) text: Because, I think Blip and our friend here are actually one and the same. Penny and Judy stare at her in wonder.
139) 33) text: We've got to get to the ship. Penny? She turns. The clearing is empty. No Blips. No Penny. Bli before them, grabs Maureen's hand, trying to pull her for MAUREEN
139) 34) text: Where is she, girl? In Blip's hand, a mass of colored ribbons from Penny's wr waves them in the air, then races off. A beat. The women
143) 0) text: Penny and Maureen chase a frantic Blip through the portal the daylight of the present. Here, too, the world RUMBLES MAUREEN
143) 1) text: (shouting ) Penny? Penny? Penny stands in front of the Jupiter Two, beckoning them MAUREEN
143) 2) text: Where did you go? PENNY
145) 0) text: The women are powering up the ship. The men are visible t windscreen. Outside, the ground in beginning to crumble. PENNY
145) 1) text: Mom, the forest. Penny opens the air lock. Maureen holds close her son. St MAUREEN
152) 1) text: I'm reading a power build up. Markers in the red- Suddenly the panel EXPLODES, sending Judy flying across t Penny races to her sister. Kneels. Judy's eyes are wide, PENNY
158) 3) text: (quiet) Goodbye my love. PENNY
169) 5) text: Cold fish, huh? Penny holds Blip in her arms, who has begun to BLIP madly MAUREEN
169) 6) text: Poor thing. She's lost her whole family. (off Penny) Penny, why are you looking at me like that. Penny? Penny presses a button. Blast doors open on a storage hol PENNY
169) 16) text: Everybody hang on. PENNY