1) 0) text: A giant robot stands attached to its service bay. Still. A SERVICE DRAWER slides open and a shadowy infiltrator em face visible in the dim service light. Smith. Smith approaches the docked Robot, places a small keypad Robot's dormant CPU panel. Smith activates the device.
1) 3) dialog: Robot is on-line. Reviewing primary directives. One, preserve the Robinson Family. Two, Maintain ship systems. Three
1) 6) dialog: Robot is on-line. Reviewing primary directives. Two hours into mission destroy Robinson family. Destroy all systems. Smith smiles. Removes the re-programming module.
18) 0) text: The Robot stands dormant in his service bay. HOLD on the service drawer in the b.g. PUSH IN.
24) 0) text: Smith scrambles out of the chute, stares at his hand, the of the overloaded communicator seared into his palm. He spins around disoriented. Stumbles to a closed view sc a stud. The blast shield opens. Space. SMITH-CLOSE. Shock. No words. THE ROBOT-CLOSE. In his docking bay. Suddenly the automat lights activating as his CPU comes on line.
24) 3) dialog: Robot is on line. Implementing prime command directives. The Robot disengages from the service bay, begins rolling
24) 4) dialog: Robinson family, destroy.
24) 6) dialog: All operating Systems, destroy. Smith grabs a wrench from a tool bracket, leaps for the R Robot swings once, sending Smith flying into a flaring co
24) 7) dialog: Jupiter Two, destroy.
26) 0) text: Still. The bridge doors open and the ambient lights come The Robot rolls onto the bridge, faces the cryosleep arra his arms, an electrical charge arcing between his claws.
26) 1) dialog: Robinson Family, destroy. He fires, a blast of electricity hitting the cryosleep co (OVER) ALARMS sound as the tubes begin to descend, electr sparking across the sleeping Robinsons.
28) 0) text: The Robot is facing the navigational holograph in the cen bridge. The electricity arcs between his claws once again
28) 1) dialog: Operating systems, Destroy. Smith is slumped against the bulkhead. He shakes off his to see the Robot fire at the navigational array, the holo disappearing in the flames of the exploding pedestal.
30) 0) text: The Robot is rolling toward the com. THE FREEZING TUBES are quickly being engulfed in flames. stumbles toward their control station. Begins typing madl
30) 10) dialog: Command accepted. The Robot turns and begins heading for the elevator. All amazement. Will grins, a familiar mischievous gleam in hi
56) 1) dialog: Crush. REVERSE ANGLE. The Robot in rolling in through the doorwa waving wildly before him.
56) 2) dialog: Crush! Kill! Destroy! Don and John are up fast. But the Robot just rolls to a s steps from behind the automaton, his hacker's deck in his He pulls a tiny mic from his deck. Lifts it to his lips.
56) 4) dialog: Crush! Kill! Destroy! Will points to several jury-rigged modifications.
59) 0) text: Will stands in front of the Robot, polishing a blast mark
60) 0) text: A long dark corridor. Slowly the ambient lights come up. to reveal Smith, John, Don, Judy and the Robot, stepping docking chamber, the airlock closing in the b.g.
61) 0) text: Will watches through the Robot's POV, toggling to move th forward. A readout marked AUDIO flashes. Will turns up a control. (OVER) the sound of a slow, steady DRIP.
62) 1) dialog: ... Hear something? The Robot turns, begins heading further down the corridor DRIPPING can be heard by all.
70) 0) text: Will is watching through the Robot's eyes.
80) 0) text: The Robot is holding up the rear, its torso swiveled back can retreat and FIRE simultaneously. The Robot's plasma BLASTS have more effect than-the laser the spiders into tiny pieces of inhuman flesh and metal. But more monsters are pouring through the holes in the co ceiling, some giving chasing, others swarming injured com Judy watches as several spiders devour their fallen breth
81) 2) dialog: Now right. The spiders are swarming, closing fast.
82) 0) text: Don activates the airlock to the Jupiter, the batch slowl The Robot stands in the doorway to the docking bay, FIRIN spiders as they come down the hall, blowing them away. Mo through the now rending blast doors. There are just too m towards them now like a single, shifting mass of death.
84) 0) text: The Robot's shell electrifies, the spiders recoiling. The airlock has opened enough for our heroes to duck insi
85) 0) text: Will is throwing off the monsters, Extending the Robot's spikes and scanner dishes to skewer spiders that are sque
88) 0) text: A spider pushes past the Robot, head slipping around his body, bent on reaching the airlock and the crew within.
114) 17) dialog: Systems error. Robot unable to register neural net outputs. Unable to locate motor controls. Unable-
114) 19) dialog: Affirmative.
114) 21) dialog: Robot tried to destroy the Robinson family. Why would Will Robinson save Robot's personality? Your actions do not compute.
114) 23) dialog: Logic error. Friendship does not compute.
125) 0) text: The beginnings of Will's home-made robot sits on the tabl the f.g. riffling his PERSONAL CARGO container. Penny ENTERS, an assortment of small electronic devices, and other metal and electronic objects. Dumps them on the PENNY
125) 4) text: Look, what does dad know? Maybe someone did build a time machine. She ruffles his hair. Disappears. Will activates a CPU sp ROBOT
125) 5) text: Robot is on line. (OVER) a KNOCKING has begun. WILL looks up, puzzled. WILL
133) 7) text: Rolling out from behind him, claws extended in attack Pos apparently many years old, is a rebuilt Robot.
138) 0) text: The Robot, shoving John with one claw, carrying Don in th follows Older Will into the giant room. OLDER WILL
139) 6) text: Don't move, Professor Robinson or this rather peculiar family reunion will be tragically brief. (off Don) I'll ask you to step away from that console, Major. Don stares at him a beat. Then obliges, walking over to j Smith approaches the Robot. SMITH
139) 8) text: I borrowed this from the probe ship in hopes of taking over the helm once we were in flight. But I seem to have found a better use instead. Smith slaps the bolt on the Robot's CPU. The automaton's then fall limp. Docile. SMITH
139) 9) text: Let's try this dance again. You are the puppet. I am the puppeteer. Do get it right this time. Smith activates the bolt. The Robot powers up once again. SMITH
139) 10) text: Robot, enable electric disrupters. The Robot's claws begin to glow with electricity. Smith s SMITH
139) 25) text: I never liked me, anyway. Spider Smith turns to face the Robot. SPIDER SMITH
139) 31) text: Very well. Robot, take them inside the ship and keep them there. If they move, then kill them.
140) 1) text: Spider Smith stands with Will, watching as the Robot shep crew towards the body of the ship. SPIDER SMITH
140) 3) text: (shouting) Will, it's a trick. Smith's carrying an egg sack. If he's willing to stay on this world and die, why is he about to spawn? He's going through the portal himself. The Robot FIRES a charge between its claws. ROBOT
142) 0) text: John and Don talk in the holding area. The Robot stands g the TREMORS are increasing in frequency. WEST
142) 1) text: I'll run, draw his fire. You may have time to get away with Will. ROBOT (OVER)
142) 2) text: Halt or Robot will destroy. The men look up. In the b.g., Will has approached the Rob WILL
142) 3) text: Do you remember what I taught you. A long time ago. About friendship? ROBOT
142) 5) text: That's why I rebuilt you. Because I wanted us to be friends. ROBOT
142) 7) text: Forget logic. Act with your heart. ROBOT
142) 8) text: Robot has no heart. Robot is powered by a fusion pulse generator WILL
142) 9) text: Every living thing has a heart. The Robot stares at him a beat. ROBOT
142) 11) text: Please, Robot, if you don't let us go, we're all going to die. I'm asking you now, will you help us? Will you be my friend? The Robot stands still a beat. Then he reaches towards Sm bolt attached firmly on his CPU. ROBOT
142) 12) text: Robot attempting to deactivate control bolt-commands overriddenattempting to reroute-dangercircuitry overloadattempting to escape-kill them, kill them... The Robot's claws lift into attack position, an electrica building with dangerous intensity. He is about to fire. At the last minute, the Robot jerks his hand upward, BLOW piece of the ceiling. He rips off the control bolt. WILL
142) 13) text: You did it. ROBOT
142) 14) text: Robot will save ... I will save Will Robinson. I will save my friend. CHAPTER 21: Time to Die!
144) 0) text: Don, John, Will and the Robot stand at the open hatch. Ou ground RUMBLES. JOHN
144) 8) text: Good luck. Commander. Just then Will and the Robot arrive. JOHN
144) 11) text: I could use a weapon. The Robot extends his claw. A panel opens on his arm and a hand-made component. A conduit made from Will's golden medals, joined together to make a jagged star. ROBOT
144) 26) text: (coming to) Oh, the pain, the pain. ROBOT
144) 28) text: Jump! Don hurls Smith through, Will, the Robot and West darting threshold just as the portal winks closed.
169) 8) text: Dimondium. Now if we could only find our way back to Earth. ROBOT
169) 9) text: If I may, Professor. The Robot projects a holographic schematic of the galaxy. Two is highlighted. Earth blinks at the other and. ROBOT