6) 5) text: Co a 14 INT. BUZZ’S BEDROOM - NIGHT BUZZ McCALLISTER and ROD McCALLISTER are in Buzz’s room. is packing his suitcase. He’s stocky and muscular, a jock a three-inch, waxed flattop. Rod is thin and lanky, dull bookish. Rod is looking at Buzz’s tarantula.
6) 7) dialog: He just ate a shitload of mice guts. He’s good for a couple weeks. (pause) . Is it true that French babes don’t shave their pits?
6) 9) dialog: And they got nude beaches?
6) 12) dialog: Don’t you know how to knock, dick / rash? |
6) 14) dialog: I wouldn’t let you sleep in my room if you were growing on my ass. Buzz notices something out the window. He moves to the wi and points it out to Rod.
6) 15) dialog: Check it out. Old man Marley.
6) 20) dialog: Ever heard of the South Bend Shovel Slayer?
6) 22) dialog: That’s him. Back in ‘58, murdered his whole family and half the people - on his block with a snow shovel. Been hiding out in our neighborhood ever since.
6) 24) dialog: They got no proof. But everybody around here knows he did it. That’s why he only comes out once a day. To get his mail. His groceries and everything else gets delivered. He lives by himself. Never says a word to anybody...
6) 26) dialog: I keep watchin’ that show... "America’s Most Wanted." I know he’s gonna be on it someday. Then I’m gonna call that 900 number. Turn his ass into’ the authorities. Make a trillion dollars. He turns to Kevin and stalks him to the door.
6) 29) dialog: (mean) And if you don’t get outta my room... I’m gonna tie you to his front porch and ring the doorbell until he comes out. Kevin backs out of the room, scared. Buzz slams the door his face. He turns to Rod with a grin.
6) 30) dialog: The microweenie has the balls of a butterfly.
8) 0) text: FRANK MCCALLISTER comes out of the bathroom with a Michel Guide under his arm. He’s Peter’s brother. A bit younger, bulky and balding in department store casual clothes. Kev comes out of Buzz’s room. Frank gives him an affectionate if a bit too hard, pat on the head with his Michelin Guid
10) 12) dialog: Yeah. But if you want any, somebody’s jonna have to barf theirs up because t’s gone. Kevin glares at Buzz, who smiles sadistically and begins feign a barf. Kevin charges Buzz, knocking the loaded pla of pizza from his hands and ramming him into the counter, knocking over a half-gallon carton of milk.
19) 2) dialog: (loudly, to throw her off) Ninety-three ... Six hundred... Elevendy-trillion ...
31) 6) text: Buzz’s messy room is dominated by sports and muscle heroe There is a row of sports figurines on one shelf.
42) 3) text: Kevin is now standing next to Megan. He slips on an eleph mask with a rubber trunk. Buzz steps INTO FRAME. He’s in with no shirt.
42) 5) dialog: (stepping around behind Kevin) Hold on, Dad. Elephants don’t wear... Buzz slaps his hands to Kevin’s hips and yanks down his p bottoms.
42) 6) dialog: 
42) 28) dialog: 
43) 0) text: Kevin comes out of Buzz’s room with a stack of sports figurines. He crosses to the laundry chute and opens the
87) 0) text: The Christmas lights are shining bright. Traffic’s moving The city is charged with spirit and movement. CAMERA PULL BACK. This is the view from the window of INT. ROB MCCALLISTER’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 166 Peter stands in the foreground on the telephone. Megan an Buzz are talking.
87) 4) dialog: Why should I be?
87) 6) dialog: Good. He’s acted like an asshole once too many times and this time he caught it in the butt.
87) 8) dialog: He’s probably going through a stage ten brain fry-down right now, but he asked for it. ot MEGAN You’re really cruel. we BUZZ The little trout can use a couple days in the real world.
110) 0) text: Kevin counts out twelve dollars of Buzz’s money. It’s @ifficult for him. He lifts the doggie door and flips the money out.
122) 0) text: CLOSE-UP: ELECTRIC TRAIN. The train is set up on a windin track that is spread across the dining room. CAMERA FOLLO the train, CAMERA RISES and WIDENS to reveal a straighten coat hanger taped to the train cars. The life-size sports cut-out from Buzz’s room is taped, from the back to the h which runs up the spine. A piano plays "JOY TO THE WORLD"
126) 3) dialog: He’s snoring like a bear. :
224) 0) text: Kate kneels before him. She kisses his forehead. He sudde throws his arms around her and squeezes for all he’s wort She grabs him tight to her. She breaks the embrace and ki both his cheeks. 2 uo KEVIN ' . _ Where’s everybody else? an tos KATE I’m sorry, honey. They’re all ... ‘ 489 INT. FOYER - FRONT DOOR - DAY 489 It swings open and the haggard, bickering remainder of th family stumbles in. Buzz looks back to Megan. /
224) 1) dialog: I didn’t fall asleep in the cab and drool all over you, did I?
224) 11) dialog: It’s pretty cool you dian’t burn the place down. Buzz holds out his hand and sniles warmly. Kevin slaps it Kate gives an incredulous look to Peter. KATE . How. aia you guys?... I mean...?