1) 0) text: A uniformed POLICE OFFICER is standing here. Middle-aged. Paunchy. He’s standing alone trying to catch the attentio of passing adults and children who cross the foyer, go up down the stairs and in and out of the house carrying clot luggage, toiletries and wrapped Christmas gifts.
1) 1) dialog: Excuse me... May I... ? Is your mother home?
3) 0) text: The Police Officer is still waiting. TRACEY McCALLISTER crosses through the dining room into the foyer. She’s 14. Very pretty. But dressed a little cheap.
3) 1) dialog: Pardon me? Are your parents home?
3) 8) dialog: Excuse me. Are your parents here?
3) 12) dialog: . Hi. Are your parents home?
3) 14) dialog: Do they live here?
7) 0) text: The PIZZA BOY nervously offers his stack of pizza boxes t Police Officer.
9) 7) dialog: Are you Mrs. McCallister?
9) 10) dialog: Are you the Mr. McCallister who lives here
9) 13) dialog: I need a word with you, sir.
11) 2) dialog: Ma‘’am? She hands the Pizza Boy his money. 20 Kate gives the 14. the ¢ (to @ cop as she pays the boy) ¥ I’m sorry. We’re going out of town tomorrow and it’s Sast crazy around here. My husband’s brother transferred to Paris during the summer and his daughter goes to college here and his son is finishing high school and staying with my brother-in-law. last of the cash to the Pizza Boy.
11) 6) dialog: Fine. She marches Kevin up the stairs.
11) 7) text: He looks back at the police officer. KEVIN’S POV - NIGHT 20 Moving away from the Police Officer, who smiles and winks The cop’s upper right incisor is gold. ee eo +e 15.
13) 1) text: ‘The Police Officer is gone.
38) 0) text: Two men in the van. The one driving we recognize as the p officer from the night before. He’s no longer in uniforn. His name is HARRY LYME. His partner, MARVIN MURCHENS, sit beside Harry. Marvin is in his late thirties. A police blotter perfect crook. Thin. Bad skin. Heavy brow. Circle under his deep set eyes. Tattoos on the back of his hands These two are obvious burglars.
73) 0) text: ene faced officer in a rumpled uniform sits behind S PHONE RINGS and he answers.
73) 7) dialog: Has the child swallowed poison or an / object that has become lodged in his { . throat? .
73) 11) dialog: You want someone to go over to your house and check on your son?
73) 13) dialog: Let me transfer you to the police department. 144 146
73) 16) dialog: (making the transfer) Hold on. Kate stops herself from smashing the receiver into the wa The kids, Leslie and Frank surround her. Kate gives a hop look.
78) 0) text: Kevin runs down the back stairs screaming. He stops at th foot of the stairs. He sees he’s run back down stairs, tu and runs back up. Screaming. INT. KEVIN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT _ : 149¢ Kevin jumps into his bed and scrambles under the covers. EXT. KEVIN’S HOUSE - NIGHT "1249p A Police Officer steps up on the porch and rings the bell INT. KEVIN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT . 149E
79) 0) text: The Officer bangs ‘en the door. INT. KEVIN’S BEDROOM -NIGHT . : 1496
80) 0) text: The Police Officer steps back and looks up at the house. looks okay to him. He returns to his car.
92) 19) text: Merry Christmas! Kevin recognizes Harry as the police officer who was at h house the night before. Kevin’s jaw drops. The van pulls out of the driveway. Kevin watches it. He starts to run across the street. The van stops.
212) 0) text: A pair of squad cars are pulled up in front of the Murphy house. Officers are coming and going from the house.