16) 23) dialog: I apologize, I was just wondering how it all works, that’s all. We can see members of the crowd now turning back to Richa to hear his response. Steve, again, looks up. He is completely confident in his new employee.
16) 26) dialog: Its called Fracking.
16) 28) dialog: The process. Its called Fracking.
16) 30) dialog: I would encourage all of you to go home and Google this word and see what you find. Unfortunately, it’s not nearly as simple as what Supervisor Richards just laid out. Now, listen, it’s true there is some money to be made having this industry coming in, but can we at least not pretend that it is not without cost. Without taking her eyes off Frank, Sue hits Steve’s arm, has finally looked up from his blackberry.
16) 33) dialog: Gerry, we've all known this was a possibility. And now it’s here. (MORE)
16) 35) dialog: So, seems to me this is the ONLY forum to have this conversation. Drew turns around from a row or two in front to talk to F respectfully.
16) 37) dialog: I’m sorry. But, this thing here. It may not be the saving grace you all want it to be. Now, Gerry started this thing by saying that Natural Gas coming here is life changing... and it is. It’sa clean and efficient resource, but the way we go about getting it is some dirty business.
16) 39) dialog: And the potential for error is just too high and the results can be both horrible and irreversible.
16) 41) dialog: There are reports from all over the country of people’s water being contaminated.
16) 43) dialog: People who have to haul their own water from miles away. It’s harder to get enough for your crops and cattle-- Let alone to drink. 39
16) 50) dialog: Yates.... My name is Frank Yates.
16) 52) dialog: No.
16) 54) dialog: I’m a teacher here at the high school.
16) 56) text: I teach science. What about you, Mrrrrrrrr? 40 A few people chuckle at Frank’s confident retort, includi Steve.
16) 58) dialog: Ah, then you’re the man we have to thank for all that money.
16) 61) dialog: Mr. Butler, you and I both know the information I'm referring to is vast and detailed.
16) 63) dialog: Oh, then you’d be the perfect guy for them to send to deny everything. Beat. Steve smiles and chuckles again.
16) 67) dialog: But Global is being sued. Is that right, Steve? By numerous parties. Dealing with this exact technology.
16) 69) dialog: Well, you can’t lose a game that’s still being played.
16) 70) dialog: Look, Mr. Butler, I’m sure even you can admit that Fracking is far from a perfect process.
16) 74) dialog: If it’s such an incredible alternative why do they need a man standing off to the side of the room to make sure we all go for it? Seems like it should be able to sell itself. Steve stutters for even a moment we can’t see it.
16) 75) dialog: But you’re not the man with the answers.... So, who is? Because I still have questions...
16) 77) dialog: Well, good, I have questions about Fracking water; where they put all that water they shoot into the ground when it comes back up? That is highly toxic stuff. The air pollution from the well tanks, the potential for ground water contamination, the deadly effect on live stock and basically how would we live here when this is all over? Steve still somehow appears unflappable, hiding his all b lost composure.
16) 81) dialog: Steve, I just came here to point out that this issue is a bit more complicated than it seems.
16) 83) dialog: Great, so I think we should take a vote?
16) 85) dialog: In a few weeks, once everyone has had a chance to think this whole thing through, I think we should put it to a vote.
16) 88) dialog: Gerry, the law states it is completely within the board’s power to relinquish any major decision to the will of the people... If they so choose. The crowd starts grumbling, seemingly with support for bo sides of the conversation.
16) 90) dialog: You're right. Frank looks to the crowd. There’s a long beat. Suddenly, if on cue, a swell of people begin standing up. At first glance it would appear to be a majority of the crowd... w now know the reason for the big turnout. As they rise we see the rush of blood to Steve’s head. Of to the side, Sue’s eyes are wide.
16) 91) dialog: These people and I got together to say we strongly believe that this is NOT in the best interest of this town. A man runs up to Richards and whispers in his ear. This i the coach of the high school basketball team. We now see one of the doors of the gym, the team has entered and are standing off to the side ready for a practice.
16) 94) dialog: Exactly! And I think all those people would hate to be left out of such a big decision.
16) 96) dialog: Let’s face it, Gerry, money can often lead to bad decisions. You've seen the same numbers I have and with the recent figures on the deposits in this area at 150 million dollars, let’s all take some time to think it through. Richards looks over at Steve. 22 45
16) 98) dialog: Those are the latest numbers out of the university. Steve says nothing... and that says everything. This registers like a freight train on Richards. He’s been dup and is immediately furious! Staring straight at Steve:
21) 0) text: 52 We see Frank Yates wiping down a blackboard. Suddenly in doorway appears... the man that was in the car on main street. This is DUSTIN NOBLE. He is a tall man in his 30' and can immediately be identified as “outdoorsy.” He give warm smile.
21) 2) dialog: Yes? Dustin walks in.
21) 4) dialog: What can I do for you?
21) 6) dialog: Look, I don’t think anyone in this town considers themselves to be members of some kind of movement or on the front lines of some great environmental revolution... I have a feeling we can win this. Dustin smiles.
45) 9) dialog: This is a great idea, Steve. Lotta people looking forward to this. Thank you. Beat.
45) 11) dialog: Thought you could use some help.
45) 13) dialog: It’s still a town fair, Steve... I’m not a communist. Now, where do you need me? Long beat.
45) 15) dialog: Sounds good. 67 68 91 He walks away as Sue and Steve just stand awestruck.
51) 7) dialog: Nice day! INT. FRANK YATES’ HOUSE -- LATE DAY 74 Sue and Steve sit at the kitchen table with Frank and his wife Arlene. They’re finishing a warm and hearty meal -- turkey, potatoes, salad, homemade cranberry sauce, carrot cake. The red wine has been flowing, too... most of it go to Steve. He seems a bit dark.
51) 18) dialog: What about you Steve? Where did you say you were from? Iowa?
51) 22) dialog: Wait a minute did you say Eldridge? Didn't they have a-- a plant up there?
51) 24) dialog: Yeah, that’s right. Had a friend from Boeing who was from there. I remember that. Wasn’t pretty. 103
51) 26) dialog: What, and no pretty lady to hand out free money and save you? Sue smiles... a half smile. Steve doesn’t respond.
51) 30) dialog: (Gently) ... And where would we all go? This lands on Steve. He says nothing. The room says nothing. Suddenly Steve excuses himself and walks out ont the back deck. The other three just remain seated. 75 EXT. FRANK YATES’ PORCH (MOMENTS LATER) - LATE DAY 75 Steve stands looking over the rail of the porch onto the expansive land behind Frank’s house. In the dwindling lig it is not only beautiful... it’s close to perfect. After long moment Frank exits the house carrying 2 cups of coff Steve is staring intently at something. As Frank joins Steve, we finally get to see what he’s looking at... It’s horse, perfectly proportioned but very small, standing ou Frank’s barn.
51) 31) dialog: Miniature horse. 104
51) 33) dialog: A lot us breed them. They eat like rhinos. Some people think they’re some kind of abomination. Big industry up here.
51) 35) dialog: Not enough, Steve. Steve finally smiles. Frank smiles with him.
51) 36) dialog: You’re a good man, Steve. Steve looks over. Frank continues looking out.
51) 37) dialog: You have so many of the qualities we need more of these days. Steve doesn’t know what to say.
51) 38) dialog: I just wish you weren’t doing this. This hits Steve like a brick. He looks at Frank, perhaps say something... but is completely disarmed.
51) 39) dialog: You know, I used to work up at some stables just north of here. They used to have a poker game every Friday night, the farm hands and the stable boys. One of the favorite stories in town was the night I took 50 dollars from the owner, Russ Clayborn. I had raised him 20 dollars. And scared him into folding a full house. That was 2 weeks pay! (MORE )
51) 41) dialog: I was 18 years old and I ran all the way home holding three months of our mortgage. I was so damn proud. (Frank chuckles. Steve smiles.) I ran into the house, threw the money on the kitchen table and told my mom I bet everything on a pair of 3’s and won.
51) 42) dialog: She took one look at the money... and kicked me out of the house. Had to stay at my aunt’s for a week... When I asked her why she just said “You could have lost”. Steve looks over at Frank, but says nothing.
51) 43) dialog: In those days it was harder to find aman that was willing to bet it all.
51) 44) dialog: We have nothing left to sell and we can't afford to buy anything. You came here to help us. Offer us money... All we had to do to get it was be willing to scorch the earth under our feet. Neither man says anything.
51) 45) dialog: Don’t get me wrong, Steve, I’m not better than my neighbors -- hell, I need the money too.
51) 46) dialog: (Chuckles) I guess I’m just lucky... lucky to be old enough to have a shot at dying with my dignity. Frank heads inside. Turns at the door.
51) 48) dialog: Let me know when you’re ready to head back. We hold on Steve’s face. Frank walks to the door. He suddenly stops... and without turning back:
51) 49) dialog: I’m so worried for us, Steve...