34) 2) dialog: There he is! Steve looks around and sees a man in his late 20’s sittin the porch of a neighboring trailer. He waves.
34) 4) dialog: I’ve been waitin’ on you folks! Steve looks up at him.
34) 6) dialog: Paul Geary. 442 Henley. On Steve’s list it is clear this man’s land is unusable. is listed at only 2 acres, which isn’t big enough to hous well. Steve clears his throat.
34) 8) dialog: No worries. Come on in, come on in! Where do I sign? Steve smiles. As he walks to the trailer his smile fades.
35) 8) dialog: You didn’t even finish your coffee!
35) 10) dialog: Whoo! No, sir, thank YOU! You folks are doin’ a good thing here. We sure need the helpin’ hand. Steve feels a little sick.
35) 12) dialog: Hey, Steve! You got a good feelin’? Steve turns.
35) 14) dialog: This well. You think it’ll be a gusher? Do they even call ita gusher?
35) 16) dialog: But just your gut! Whatdaya think?
35) 18) dialog: Whoo! Alright, well come back whenever with that contract!
44) 0) text: Sue is sitting in the stands of a little league baseball game. Close on her, we can see that there is something different about her. She is completely at ease... almost like she’s somewhere else. Suddenly she begins clapping. 65 66 89 We pull out to reveal that there is a change of innings happening. Sue is sitting on the right field line. As one team heads towards Sue, the team from the opposite dugout taking the field. We track the boy heading towards first base. As he comes closer we realize... it is Carson Allen we can now see his shirt.... A brand new YANKEES jersey professionally done. He finally reaches first base and tu back to the field. On the back of his shirt we see the number ‘15’ and above that?.... GLOBAL written in bold letters. INT. GEARY’S TRAILER - DAY 65 Steve sits with Paul Geary. Paul finishes signing the fin page in a flourishing last signature. He laughs out loud looks across the table to Steve. Then suddenly he jumps u and heads to a cabinet under the sink and pulls out a bot that’s only a third full.
44) 1) dialog: For special occasions! He pours into 2 cheap, non matching, glasses and hands on Steve and clinks his glass. As Paul laughs in celebration Steve finally laughs too. It’s genuine. Paul’s energy is infectious.
48) 4) dialog: It’s Paul! Steve can’t believe what he’s seeing.
48) 6) dialog: Yes sir! Picked it up over in Barton 2 days ago! Isn't it beautiful? Figured I’d treat myself! Right??? He laughs. Steve is horrified... He tries to make conversation.
48) 8) dialog: Haha! No sir! That’s why I had to go all the way to Barton. That there is a very special color. They call it Gold Mist! Steve is speechless.
48) 9) dialog: Whatchu drinkin’, scotch? I’m buyin’! As he heads inside. Steve stands staring at the car looki like he could be sick.
49) 0) text: It's late. Paul is gone. Only a few people remain in the bar. Steve sits staring off into space it seems. After a moment we here a loud voice yell: 96