1) 1) text: A large and very comfortable office over-looking St. Patr Cathedral. At the moment the office is filled to bursting with men and women, slumped in chairs, sitting on desks, of them very tense. Among the crowd of people we note: MU FISHER, a young and very ambitious junior executive and  PHYLLIS BERNARD, an attractive woman in her early thirtie She is a lawyer with the agency. At the moment, TED KRAMER, nice-looking without being wha you would call a matinee idol, paces back and forth. His is loosened, he checks his watch every fifteen seconds.  Clearly he is very distraught.
2) 0) text: The room is dark, the only light coming from a small nigh light. We SEE a beautiful five year old boy (BILLY KRAMER). He l in bed, half asleep. HOLD FOR A BEAT as a beautiful woman (JOANNA KRAMER) leans over, kisses the child and hugs him tightly to her.
36) 1) text: As the door is opened by a pleasant-looking woman in her  thirties. This is MRS. KLINE. She has the slightly haggard look of  someone who has just survived a birthday party with eight five-year-olds. In fact, behind her we SEE an abundance of crepe paper an balloons.
38) 0) text: Note: The following scene, which is written as one, is  actually to be played so that each time we cut back to th woman who is being interviewed as housekeeper, it is a  different woman: sometimes nervous and excited, sometimes large and lugubrious, with six shopping bags, sometimes  looking like a headmistress at Dachau. They are uniformly (until the last) unappetizing. Throughout this, we SEE Ted becoming increasingly despera
38) 1) dialog: (looking around nervous) It's very big... They didn't tell me  it was this big.
38) 3) dialog: (sniffing) Phew... This place is a real pig  sty.
38) 5) dialog: Don't tell me your troubles, mister.  I got enough of my own.
38) 6) text: Note: With the FOURTH WOMAN we begin on a CLOSEUP and PUL BACK to REVEAL that we are in Ted's office and it is the  middle of the afternoon.
39) 1) dialog: The first thing is, I don't do floors.
39) 4) dialog: (ignoring him) Or windows. I come in at ten and I  get Wednesdays off.
43) 25) text: Closer now, we can SEE that ahead of Billy is a woman tha from behind, looks remarkably like Joanna.
43) 27) text: Catching up to the woman.
43) 29) text: A moment later he gets close enough to grab onto her skir As the woman turns around:
44) 26) dialog: (effusive) Barbara! Congratulations! When is  the baby due?
87) 0) text: The large room is crowded with secretaries, junior execut researchers, editors, ad-men, etc., etc. They all have dr in their hands and there is a good deal of kissing and ge conviviality going on. THE CAMERA TRACKS WITH ACKERMAN as he steps out of his of closes the door behind him and makes his way across the r to MR. SPENCER, the Advertising Director. At the moment,  Spencer stands with his coat over one arm and a drink in hand talking to a very pretty young woman. Ackerman appro him, whispers something in his ear. Spencer shakes his he and points to his watch. Ackerman says something else and finally, with a look of weary resignation, Spencer excuse himself from the pretty young woman and follows Ackerman  back to his office. THE CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM. As Ackerman  opens the door to his office, THE CAMERA IS ANGLED so tha we can SEE past them, into the office where Ted stands  waiting.
89) 5) text: As they shake hands, say their good-byes. THE CAMERA TRAC WITH TED as he makes his way through the Christmas party  that is still going strong. Then, suddenly, as he passes very pretty woman we noticed earlier, he turns and kisses her.