1) 3) text: Good-bye, Damien, Perhaps your manners will have improved by the time we meet again,
2) 0) text: We see the distant figure of MURRAY, the chauffeur, carry suitcases towards the front door, Mark, also in a uniform carrying his bugle, runs down the marble staircase behini -CAMERA MOVES WITH them all across the hallway to the fro door where RICHARD THORN and his wife ANN are waiting. They all exit and CAMERA WATCHES them through the window,
4) 0) text: Four people are at the long, beautifully-set table: Richa and Ann, the formidable AUNT MARION, Richard's aunt, and- CHARLES WARREN, Curator of the Thorn Museum. A Servant Is just leaving the room, having set down dessert, and as th all bend to it:
10) 0) text: Military Band bursts upon the SCREEN. Sticks bounce from skins of the big bass drum and crack the sides of the ten Horns rasp in the early morning air. The full Academy is assembled on parade. Colonel and Staff face the MASSED CADETS. Band stops abruptly. The last notes echo around the buildings, followed by an uncanny ‘silence.
17) 0) text: MAIDS are collecting dirty bed linen from bedrooms. Ann rounds corner,
18) 0) text: _ CAMERA MOVES WITH Ann as she crosses to the bed --
21) 0) text: Every piece of furniture is now shrouded in white dust sheets. Shafts of winter sun cut across the spacious entrance hall and reception rooms. Funeral directors move slowly down the staircase carrying Marion's stretcher. Murray puts down the remaining suitcases as they pass out the door. Richard and Ann follow the coffin out. Ann takes his arm, whispering in his ear:
21) 1) dialog: I love you. I hope we go together. Murray picks up the suitcases and leaves, closing the doo The house is silent, empty.
27) 0) text: One of a series of rooms overlooking the main gellery.fro the second floor. Warren and Ann are leaning against the stone balustrade. Floor plan and photographs are laid out before them,
31) 4) dialog: as Warren skates clumsily over, stumbles up onto the snow approaches Ann,
32) 12) dialog: A hand over her mouth, staring o.s. at the terrible sight
39) 0) text: Richard and Ann circle to a waltz, A brief romantic interlude, Music cuts in and out sharply.
45) 0) text: A small, four-bed room. Mark, pale and quite ill, is in one bed; Damien in another, Ann sits between them.
48) 0) text: Ann is still talking to the boys.
50) 0) dialog: Ann is looking through the glass partition behind which w can see Richard and the Doctor in intense conversation.
50) 16) dialog: (to boys You rest. We'll collect you later and go up to 'Lakeside,! The air will do you good,
51) 0) text: Ann and Richard sit silently behind the pilots until they are safely in the air, swirling around Chicago.
56) 0) text: Ann has her arm around Damien as they watch from a comfor sofa. Richard sits in an armchair, The picture on the screen suddenly goes out of rack.
60) 38) text: Ann throws Bugenhagen's letter down on the desk and stani
61) 0) text: A dismal day, as befits the sombre scene. Richard Thorn and, Ann are burying Mark, Between them stands Damien. Around the grave into which the coffin is being lowered, stand SEVERAL MOURNERS, including Buher and Neff. Beside Richard is a tall, gray-haired man, FIEDLER, a doctor. All are in dark clothing, and the monotonous intoning of the PRIEST does nothing to alleviate the sense of total misery. CAMERA MOVES IN on Richard and we hear his voice: (voice over) . But how could it be, Doctor? There would have been some sign. You've examined him a dozen times yourself.
62) 0) text: Slight rain falling delicately. More a mist than rain. The Fimeral Party moves to separate cars. Buher to his, Neff into his own. Damien gets in beside Murray; Ann and Richard climb into the back of the limousine. The cars move away.
62) 3) dialog: 
64) 37) dialog: 
65) 0) text: Ann watches Richard's plane taxi in. She sees him come off. He has a haunted look.
66) 0) text: heading along a highway towards the museum. Ann is white- faced, looking at Richard in fright.
70) 3) dialog: pulling the daggers out. TwO SHOT - ANN AND RICHARD P53 She faces him. She holds the cluster of daggers in her two hands. He holds his hands out for them. 518 107
71) 0) text: Jolted by the explosion o.s. A jet of burning oil sprays in through the room's vents, covering Ann who catches fir iike a human torch. At the same time, the water pipes in the walls burst, and clouds of steam envelop her! In her mad ecstasy she screams out --