23) 9) dialog: Sorry to shout at you like that, I didn't want to miss you...
23) 11) dialog: My name's Joan Hart. I think Charles Warren told you about me.
23) 13) dialog: It's absolutely freezing, couldn't we possibly sit in your car while you tell me why you won't let me interview you? Cont. 35 38-A Cont.
24) 0) text: Joan dives into her bag, brings out a handkerchief, gives her nose a good blow --
24) 1) dialog: I'm a wreck on @ cold day...
24) 3) dialog: I know. You hardly ever talk to reporters and...
24) 5) dialog: -- two minutes. That's all.
24) 7) dialog: I'll come to the airport with you. Where are you going? Richard leans forward, opens the window between himself a Murray --
24) 10) dialog: (smiling) Advising the President on how to run the country? Cont. 518 518 36 39 Cont.
24) 12) dialog: Well -- . (pulls out pad and pencil from bag) -- how much money has the dig cost you so far...?
25) 1) dialog: (scribbling in her pad) ».-what did it cost your father to build your museum in -- {consults a note) ~- 1904, wasn't it?
25) 3) dialog: (big smile) Makes the world go around, doesn't it?
25) 5) dialog: When he came to Chicago, didn't he start work in the stockyards -- ?
25) 7) dialog: And didn't he make you and your brother Robert take cold baths and sleep rough, so you'd know what it was like to be poor? Cont. 518 37 40 Cont. Richard looks at her and laughs --
26) 3) dialog: Did you know he was also an exorcist?
26) 5) dialog: His skeleton was found last week on your dig -- seven years after his disappearance.
26) 8) dialog: A photographer I used to work with went with him. He died there. cont. 38 42 Cont. As Richard looks at her:
26) 9) dialog: He was decapitated.
26) 11) dialog: (hurriedly, intense) Your brother went to see Bugenhagen the week before he died. A few days later Bugenhagen vanished himself -~ The car has stopped, Richard leans across Joan and opens door -- ,
26) 13) dialog: Do you know why your brother went to see him --
26) 15) dialog: Please, listen to me. I've been working on the story for years! I think I've pieced Lt together -~ Murray has got out of the car, and is coming around to Jo open door --
26) 16) dialog: I didn't believe before, I was never religious -- but now <= Cont. 518 39 42 Cont.1 Murray reaches in and takes her arm. As he firmly pulls h out of the car.
26) 17) dialog: Youfre in grave danger!
26) 21) dialog: Only He can protect youl Murray runs around to the driver's seat, jumps in. Joan rushes up to the car, bangs on the back window --
26) 22) dialog: You've got to listen to me! The car moves rapidly away, leaving her in the road, the fierce wind whipping at her.
26) 23) dialog: looking after the fast disappearing car. She SEES a Taxi starts running towards it and shouting. EXT. THORN MUSEUM - DAY Ay This elegant neo-classical building sits close to the lake shore. Shallow steps run up to the line of tall columns. Notice Boards headed "THORN MUSEUM OF ART" carry posters for an exhibition of Edward Munch Paintings Each carries his most famous and frightening work -~ "The Scream." Joan Hart pauses to look at it, then hurrie into the museum. 518 518 4o
27) 6) dialog: Last night. Cont. 518 Warren turns to Ann.
27) 12) dialog: (smiling) Like Jackals?
27) 18) dialog: Your husband is a little unfair on the Press. They were very kind to his brother. Cont. 4e 46 Cont.1
27) 20) dialog: Their reporting of his death was most circumspect. After all, the circumstances were a little unusual.
27) 22) dialog: I'm forgetting, you're Richard's second wife. Now let me get it straight, Damien is his brother's son, And Mark is his son by his first wife?
27) 24) dialog: (smiling) How perceptive of you. Tell me about Damien. What sort of boy is he? Is he enjoying the Military Academy? Warren arrives with the subtlety of a thunderclap.
27) 27) dialog: You're in danger -- all of you -- |
27) 29) dialog: I've seen the Yigael's wall.
27) 31) dialog: (persistent) You must care. Damien -~
27) 33) dialog: I'm not sure yet. She breaks away and runs off. Warren watches her, then turns back to Ann.
28) 0) text: A hard football scrimmage is in progress. It's a practice game. Mark and Damien are on.opposing sides. A few spectators occupy the stands and most of them are clappin arms about their winter coats and stamping their feet in the cold. Joan Hart joins them. The game continues. Joan studies the players closely but it's difficult to tell them apart. The Coach, Neff, calls for a break in play. Joan turns to a CADET next to her.
28) 1) dialog: Is Damien Thorn playing? Before he even has time to reply, a player turns to look at her, His eyes bore into hers as he removes his helmet. It's Damien.
29) 0) text: Crop country, flat as far as the eye can see. A road straight as a knife cuts it in two, Small speck in the distance buzzes TOWARDS THE CAMERA -- Joan's car. Sudden wintery wind moans and whips the few trees into movement. The confident sound of the car's engine continues, then suddenly falters. The vehicle slows to a halt as the engine cuts out altogether, Wind drops as suddenly as it blew up, leaving an eerie silence. Car's ignition is | turned but fails to bring any life to the engine. Again and again the key is turned in frustration. INT. CAR - LATE AFTERNOON 4g Joan stops trying to start the car. She's very agitated. The fuel gauge shows the tank to be half-full. She looks up the road ~- not a sign of life. She looks through the rear window. It's equally bleak. Near the car, however, she sees a billboard advertising a restaurant "3 miles" along the road, Nervous, she switches on the car radio, punching up the different stations in frustration. One catches her ear. A rabid preacher frightening the life ou of his listeners:
29) 2) dialog: «e-Who art in heaven. Hallowed be Thy name, Thy Kingdom come, Thy will be done... Cont. oo) 49 Cont. Further glances up and down the road. No cars in sight. The billboard opposite again takes her attention. She get out of the car and leans across to the backseat for her coat. There's an abrupt fluttering sound followed by stra seratching on metal. She jumps back. There, by her face, a crow settles its enormous wings and eyes her from the ear roof. Joan gasps and moves instinctively away. The crow's nasty little eyes never leave her. She waves her coat ineffectually to frighten it away but the bird doesn move, Joan kicks the car door shut and moves off, watchin the crow as she pulls on her coat. Even with the gap wide ing between her and the car, she looks nervously back, Th crow just sits there, Twenty yards, Thirty. Forty. She takes a final look -- the crow has gone. Disquieted, she looks all around, The bird has disappeared, and with it g her anxieties. She settles down to cover the three miles without again looking back, CAMERA FOLLOWS her. ‘There's an awful screech and the crow descends from behind, It crash-lands on her head and WE SEE it lean forward, yello beak open. Joan lets out a piercing scream and flails at the bird with her arms, But the claws embedded in her hai won't be dislodged and the crow continues to pivot and pe at her face. Its beak is now saturated in blood. When the poor, demented woman finally turns, WE SEE her eyes are gone from the bloody sockets. ‘The crow's wings open wide and, like an avenged angel, it lifts off into the sk CAMERA RISES ABOVE the blinded woman reeling about the tarmac and finally slipping down the shoulder into a fiel Her screams and sobs float up unheeded. A new and distant sound begins to intrude. The high-floating CAMERA SWINGS To INCLUDE more of the highway. WE SEE a massive articula lorry speeding along, too fast.
29) 3) dialog: Her blood-spattered hands claw at her face as if trying t replace her eyes. Suddenly, she stops sobbing and hears the approaching lorry. She gets to her feet and tries vainly to find the highway, holding out her arms as if playing "Blindman's Buff." CAMERA ABOVE COLDLY WATCHES as she bumps into a tree beside the highway. She struggle up the embankment, clawing and calling out. She rushes ou from behind the tree as the lorry bears down. ‘There is nothing the Driver can do. He tries to brake. Screaming tires and a sickening thud heralds the demise of Joan Har Her body bounds into the air and lies still when it lands on the roof of the slithering truck. The silence would de absolute but for the idling of the lorry's engines and th caw of the crow, The big bird circles, then flies casuall away. 518 518 46