10) 6) dialog: Sergeant, what are your medals...? Neff barks at him.
10) 19) dialog: (sotto voce) I've heard that before. Neff rounds on Teddy, pointing an angry finger.
14) 3) dialog: o.s. That's Damien's father, holding the cup... CAMERA PULLS BACK. CADETS are waiting outside Neff's office. The corridor is lined with photographs of PAST CADETS. Teddy has a group around him. Damien stands apart.
14) 4) dialog: My old man played on that team, too. (points again) That's him. (turning to look at Damien) He was on the line, but Robert Thorn was quarterback. JI guess you can buy anything. Cont. 518 ak 23 Cont.
14) 6) dialog: (afraid, but goes on) Did he ever get his ‘quarter! back -- ? Damien is about to rush at him, when door opens and Mark steps out. He sees Damien, white-faced with rage, taking a first step towards the bully --
14) 9) dialog: (backing off) Can't you take a joke?! Damien turns smartly and disappears inside the office. Th door closes and Teddy swaggers over to Mark, looming over him.
14) 10) dialog: Your cousin really thinks he's somebody, doesn't he? (to other Cadets) My father says the Thorns make their own hats because stores don't sell them large enough for their big heads! He guffaws and the Cadets laugh, afraid of him. Mark step right up to him --
14) 12) dialog: No. .
15) 0) text: as Damien emerges to see Mark and Teddy swapping blows! Mark, the smaller of the two, is game but badly marked on his face.
15) 2) dialog: (volce slurred) No, Damien... But Damien keeps on looking at him, his eyes blazing, and soon there is a trickle of blood coming from Teddy's nose, and his eyes are closing, as though he has been bludgeoned, and he half-slumps against a wall, barely hel on his feet.
36) 6) text: 104 cont, During the above, CAMERA HAS TRAVELLED ALONG the faces or Cadets; some keenly interested, some bored. Teddy, the cl bully, sits in a row with Damien and Mark. Mark is busily drawing something on a piece of paper, and Damien sits st out the window at the clean, inviting day outside. Mark l over, hands Damien the paper. Damien looks down at it, ca control a laugh. Then he bites his lip. The Teacher is turning around, looking over the class.
36) 10) dialog: Chicken. The others watch with that vague pleasure and fear that a when any teacher and student come into conflict. ‘The Tea takes the paper, looks at it, then crumples it up and tos it into the wastepaper bin.
40) 22) dialog: Does this tour include lunch in the Directors' Dining Room? Cont. 518 . 117 Vons.
41) 4) dialog: Isn't there a pesticide that works on sex?