9) 2) dialog: He really sell his rings? (he stops playing--)
19) 2) dialog: Justin you weirdo. You keep doing that-- She heads down. Stops by the front door. Post-its on the wall: “The people are Evil. God speaks to me. He says we to get to higher ground--”
32) 1) dialog: Justin, what the hell are you doing? Are you serious? Justin STOP! what is wrong with you WHAT
32) 5) dialog: Are you FREAKIN SERIOUS RIGHT NOW?! Now explosion of wood and glass as he smashes the guitar the wall. KEANA STRZELCZYK (CONT’D) (weeping now; terrified) Oh my god baby what are they saying, baby, please tell me what the voices are saying--
32) 7) dialog: 
32) 10) dialog: (cuddling the kids) Baby shh I need you to call 911 right now for me baby and tell them that daddy is in pain and to come here right away baby, shh, it’s going to be okay-- And bolting out the door after Strzelczyk-- © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. 80 81
50) 1) text: Bailes pulls up in his Porsche, parks. Crosses the street Gritty industrial Pittsburgh. © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. 121 CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 82. A woman in the window feels him, turns: a changed Keana Strzelczyk. Thinner. Tired. As Bailes hesitates, then goe in, we go back to--
52) 2) dialog: The kids are fine. I am fine. What do you want?
52) 4) dialog: No one made it to the funeral. Then. © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
52) 7) dialog: And Terry Long. And and and. And who else? What do you really want to ask me, Julian? (and now a hard cut to--)
76) 1) text: Bennet approaches the podium. And turns to 500 faces. Mos players, former players, their families. But there is Jon and Pellman. NFL lawyers. Team doctors, player reps. And the wives. We know who they are. Because they’re in t 40's and 50’s. And because they are alone, no men beside them. Among them, Keana Strzelczyk. And her kids. We find Bailes. He nods at Bennet, smallest nod of accomplishment. Behind all that, toward the back: Mike Webster. Waiting, listening with intent. Bennet takes out his speech. Glances at the pages. Then u the audience. At Webster. In the suffocating silence. He grips and leans into the podium. STARES out there, weighing the costs of what he’d like to say against what might say. Capable now of anything--
76) 6) text: Forgive them. Forgive yourselves. Be at peace-- (and to Webster--) I thank you. And now Bennet simply stops and walks off. Every face in room turned his way. Here and there people have stood up. Players. Wives. As he exits. Not Webster. As Bennet turns for the exit, he spots him sitting where he sat. We’re SLO-MO. Pulling away but hang onto Webster. His hands on knees. Head down. Alone. As Keana Strzelczyk, behind him, is weeping in silence. H children, teenagers, cocooning her in their arms. They’re letting it go. Letting it all go. Bennet leaves all of th And now--