13) 50) text: Walking from the church to Bennet’s - separated by a park lot. A strip of generic faux-Americana row-houses. Bennet striding fast, slightly in front-- INT. BENNET’S CONDO - DAY Bennet shows Prema in. All she has in that small bag. The stand together in his little kitchen. Her nearness like an electrical pulse. He is awkward. She less so. Her first act is to unpack her bible. We take he in: no makeup, she is simple, clear, gorgeous.
13) 52) dialog: I don’t know.
13) 57) dialog: What did you pick - to fake?
13) 59) dialog: (bemused--) Why an older bald white man?
13) 61) dialog: I was a registered nurse. At the Aga Khan Hospital, in Nairobi. (now Prema takes the keys and leaves, and--)
15) 4) dialog: Then why do you have one?
15) 6) dialog: One eats breakfast in this country. (and clasps her hands in prayer) Dear God thank you for the gifts you have so graciously bestowed upon me-- Bennet, stunned, watching this, then closes his hands in prayer, as--—
15) 7) dialog: Please help us to continue to be deservant of our blessings.
21) 0) text: Prema sits bundled in hat and scarf. One of three passeng left (one of them asleep). Near the end of the line. © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. 51 52
21) 5) dialog: I have a shift now. At a home. Changing old people. Feeding them. (and as she shrugs, it’s her work-)
21) 7) dialog: What’s that?
21) 10) dialog: No, this one will be fine. The books and journals--
21) 15) dialog: I am studying. But what she’s really doing is waiting. And giving him sp She feels his anxiety. (She feels everything about him.) anxiety is her anxiety. © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 35. Now Bennet opens the sleeve o slides. Stares at the them. Focused.
21) 16) dialog: (nervous herself) What does Iron Mike say?
21) 18) dialog: I can’t tell what you are more afraid of. What you will find, or what you won’t. Bennet looks at her. Understands. He turns to the microscope. Wipes a slide on his sleeve. Loads it. Peers. Goes still-- His fingers calibrating the foci like pianist’s fingers, delicate multi-jointed spider legs. But he’s not seeing much. Wipes another. Loads it. Not getting anything he gets up. Stands, thinking. Sits, wipe loads another. This one particular slide. We find Prema studying Bennet now. She’s turned off the T She's waiting, as-- We're TIGHT ON BENNET’S HANDS. They are now gripping the dissection table. He has seen something. Another slide. Another. Back to the first. He stands. Sit
21) 20) dialog: Iron Mike was 50. Please, can I see?
21) 23) dialog: What does that do?
21) 26) dialog: What are you doing?
21) 45) text: Every surface stacked with books, journals. “Traumatic cerebral hemorrhage. Neurology and Psychiatry, 1929.” Bennet’s midnight-to-dawn sessions INTERCUT with Prema watching NFL games. Steelers, Raiders, Dolphins. CRACK! Bennet glancing only at the SOUND of helmets crashing. Prema studying the game, the strategy. The quarterbacks scrambling for their lives, slipping from the clutches of pursuers, launching passes that float impossibly into the hands of full-sprint receivers 50 yards away.
21) 46) dialog: (to Bennet somewhere else in the condo) Oh wow-- (new fan; as she’s clearing the table) (MORE )
21) 48) dialog: You should watch this, Bennet. (as he lifts his head to-) BIG POWER RUNNING BACK (ND college) spins sliding to dayl outrunning an entire defense as if they are standing stil
21) 49) dialog: It’s actually really beautiful! Bennet! Of crisp sunny days and long shadows and end-zone glory. Victory dances. Cheerleaders. Spectacle. Of big men wrestling in the mud, reaching down to pull up comrades. Of stands boiling with ecstasy. There’s all that too. And we’re back in love with the gam
21) 50) dialog: Tommy Maddox is the most underrated quarterback in the League! (because she’s watching) The TV, where the Steelers are winning a Wild Card Playof game against the Browns 36 - 33. “No time outs, they have time outs left!” And Prema is hooked. While Bennet, insid his head, goes-- BENNET’S POV/WHAT HE'S SEEING An ANIMATION OF the deceleration of a football head. Helm colliding with a knee. Head halted abruptly. But the brai floating in fluid, keeps going, smashing into the inner skull, as a rubber ball might when smashed by a racquet. And our animated head - 4-walled - morphs in Bennet’s POV into the armored and caged head of Mike Webster. He's ben over. The other 20 players vanish, and it’s just him and Bradshaw. Endless repetitions. Hut-snap. Hut-snap. It’s a kind of clinic. This is how it’s done. The two of them a single organism, and BAM! And now--
22) 0) text: Clock says 4AM. We’re DOLLYING SLOW THROUGH the autopsy chamber. Silhouettes of fresh bodies on the slabs. Light spills out of the lab. We follow it to Bennet at a significantly bigger microscope than he has. Rubbing the of his neck. Prema has put a couple chairs together and is asleep unde blanket, between Bennet and the corpses. Keeping guard. Against everything. Her really astounding beauty. Now TILT UP to Bennet standing over her. Really seeing he for the first time. Prema stirs. Eyes open huge dark almo right up into Bennet’s face. He is clear-headed, suddenly As if she’s heard something. Her eyes shift to a cadaver. perfect stillness.
22) 2) dialog: Isn’t that good? © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. 65 CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 41.
22) 4) dialog: So what do you do? (So what does one do in this country when one discovers a terrible disease.)
28) 44) dialog: How could I sleep? Did they agree? What it is? He’s overwhelmed. Can only nod, Yes, they understood.
28) 45) dialog: They are going to publish They? With you? with me.
28) 46) dialog: A medical journal-- With you? And touches his arm. So happy for him she can cry. (And m she does, a little.)
28) 47) dialog: That's so great. Congratulations--
28) 49) dialog: Yes, with you. To celebrate. And under a PRE-LAP throb of dance music, taking in the f breadth of this woman, perhaps for the first time, then--
29) 0) text: Crowded, loud, sexy. Bennet and Prema awkward by the spea in the strobing light. Bennet can’t connect to the music. Doesn't really know what to do with her there.
29) 1) dialog: You don’t dance, do you? (he shakes, No, then--) She's dragging him onto the floor. Circles him, gorgeous fluid dancer and is all about bringing him to life. She i contagious Bennet slowly forgets all the things that keep from doing more than listen. Until it’s the other way aro and he’s putting it out, and moving. Then they’re back in INT. HALLWAY - BENNET’S CONDO - NIGHT
31) 0) text: The faces are looking AT CAMERA. Watching the TV behind u Nowhere to move. Nothing else to see or hear. WE FIND BENNET & PREMA in that crowd. Hot wings and nacho (Prema has brought along two or three FRIENDS from church And we're watching them watching, and boarding the ride. it’s loud and really fucking joyful. The game is a drug, good healthy one, and we’re rollercoasting triumph and de and individual acts of heroism. What is absolutely and undeniably GREAT about this game. And-- Bennet - this moment - is just one of them. Riding the ri But ONE OF THEM. An AMERICAN. He’s touching and being touched. High-fiving and being high-fived. And then CAMERA TWEAKS past them-- To a face deep in the crowd: Mike Webster, leaning agains the bar, watching his old team. And Bennet is reminded. O everything. Now cut to another screen showing the Steeler game-- © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. 79 CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 50A.
35) 0) text: Bennet WALKING STRAIGHT INTO CAMERA, up the hallway. Peel gloves, lab coat. (In b.g., the slabs, a pair of upturned feet.) The Techs - Sullivan - no one’s saying a thing. And into- © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. 83 85 CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 55. His shitbox office. Where a warm bottle of cheap champagn sits on his desk, with a copy of Neurosurgery Journal. A it stuck to the neck says: “Enjoy with your new friend. B Cyril.” INT. BENNET’S CONDO - AFTERNOON Bennet enters with the bottle, to find Prema studying Bennet’s article. With a dictionary. He watches her until feels him and looks up. Tears in his eyes.
35) 1) dialog: This is very amazing. Now what happens?
35) 3) dialog: Who did you call?
35) 5) dialog: What did you say?
35) 7) dialog: (on alert) What did they say?
39) 1) text: Bennet. It’s late. The only other living thing in the building is Prema. In a chair now, by the door, reading w a flashlight. Bennet’s seen enough. Clicks off the table lamp. Just sit slumped in the glow of the instruments and exit signs. Then, in PRE-LAP, a phone rings, and we cut to--
39) 34) dialog: Then do you mind just taking me to Western Union? I need to wire money to my mother.
39) 36) dialog: Not everything.
39) 38) dialog: So is this. And that gets his attention. He turns to look at her. Tak her in, this selfless woman. And now they’re--
40) 0) text: Bennet and Prema stand by the river, looking north and so past the bridge.
40) 5) dialog: There is no coincidence in this world. Tell me. What is the statistical probability that you, not just a doctor, but Bennet Omalu, came to America, end up here, this rusty place, for you alone to be the one to see this? (long pause) When I arrived, in New York, I was attacked-- (and stops)
40) 7) dialog: Something that is better left unsaid. But that man almost broke me. I wanted to give up, and go back. But I knew God, I decided to trust his wisdom. (and--) And now I am looking at this man, an Omalu Onyemalukube. Your name. It means, If you know, you must come forth and speak.
40) 10) dialog: I called your father. (Bennet surprised) He was pleased to hear from me.
40) 12) dialog: If you don’t speak for the dead, who will? (MORE )
40) 14) dialog: You are of the Igbo tribe, Bennet. Igbo man is bold and cannot be silenced. When you have the truth, the thing you are told you cannot do is the thing you must do. Embrace that, and nothing created by God can bring you down. (long beat; then) I would do anything to support that kind of man. On Bennet’s face now: not love but conviction. And he surprises himself, by spontaneously embracing her. Holds her. As if to keep her from floating away from him now. ( maybe clinging to keep himself from sinking.) And now off his face, we cut to--
41) 0) text: Bennet pulls over at a virgin half-acre. Houses around it to the studs. Some are done. A handful occupied. 0O.S. WH of aircraft - jet-wash - floating in. Slow parade of plan We're near the airport, under the flight path. Bennet walks Prema onto the ground. She spins, wondering where she’s supposed to look.
41) 1) dialog: What is this?
41) 5) dialog: I see good in you, Bennet. I see all that you are.
41) 7) dialog: If you want to marry me, I will marry you.
42) 0) text: Bennet giving a news conference. Wecht and Hamilton flank him. The cameras are mostly local news. We see Prema in t b.g. under an awning, because-- It’s raining. But the crowd is still healthy.
42) 9) dialog: (above the others) My soul proclaims the greatness of the Lord; my spirit rejoices in God my savior. For he has looked upon his handmaid's lowliness; behold, from now on will all ages call me blessed--! © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. 101 102 103 CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 68.
42) 12) text: The Congregation flooding the aisles. Heading out. Prema holds Bennet’s hand as they exit. Prema brings Bennet’s h to her forehead, like a sacrament. We clock an engagement ring. Bennet’s big easy smile around them. But he can’t get traction - no one suddenly seems to be acknowledging them As the congregation pours out, Father D’Amico with a word everyone. Different Steelers lapel pins: “36-Bettis” & “5 Farrior”. As Bennet and Prema head past-- FATHER D’AMICO Football and Dr. Bennet Omalu. Who knew? (his smile - what is its quality?) We saw you on the news. Quite a splash.
44) 4) dialog: (reading from the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette) “--Dr. Maroon, who is also vice chairman of the neurosurgery department at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, said, of Omalu’s CTE diagnoses, that it was “fallacious reasoning.” (and looks to the phone, keeps going) “To go back and say Long was depressed from playing in the NFL and that led to his death 14 years later I think is purely speculative.” (and looks up from the paper, at her man--) It’s not easy to get what you want. Bennet finally picks up the phone-- © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 70A.
45) 0) text: A plane lands behind Bennet and Prema stand before the Dr House. Framing begun. Basement poured, waiting like an em pool. Bennet checks the fence. Good strong fence. Good fences m good neighbors.
45) 1) dialog: He’s one of them.
45) 3) dialog: Can we trust him?
61) 21) dialog: (muttering in Swahili) Wao wana kichaa! Kuma nina. Fala! (and REVERSE to find)
66) 1) text: Bennet in a scrum of EMTs and NURSES running Prema in. DOCTORS converging. Prema pale, weeping, as, on the run--
67) 1) text: Bennet’s hands on Prema’s face. DOCTOR searching with the ultrasound wand. As all eyes on the image. The space wher the heart is - dark. A NURSE places a hand on Prema’s arm doctor says, Sorry. We SEE his mouth moving, but we’re in Bennet’s POV and he’s hearing nothing. He moves to Prema’ face, and holds it. Both of them crying.
67) 3) dialog: This isn’t your fault-- (and then we--) © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. 155 CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 113.
68) 1) text: Bennet enters amidst the bouquets. “Your friends at the Coroner’s office”. He bends over Prema. Presses his foreh to hers. Sits. Takes in where they are. (All the places t are.)
68) 3) dialog: Your work was beautiful. You are beautiful.
68) 5) dialog: Bennet. Look at me-- (and he does) Do you know what I chose to fake? (--)
68) 8) dialog: Yes, we will. (--)
70) 2) text: Bennet playing with a TODDLER in the gravelly back yard. up pool. Kneeling in the dirt, putting in tomato trellise TIME HAS PASSED. And Bennet looks up. He’s happy. Prema - pregnant with #2 waves behind glass-- Then cut to--
71) 3) text: Bennet asleep next to Prema. His arm draped over her preg belly protectively. Their kid’s bed against the wall. Tod calmly asleep.
72) 18) text: Bennet in their modest bedroom. Before his cramped open closet. Flustered and overthinking the suits. 0.S. the ki plays and laughs. Prema enters. She’s pregnant. Bennet pulls out a conservative gray suit.
72) 19) dialog: That is what they wear. (and takes it from him and puts it back)
72) 21) dialog: Who do you speak for? When you know who you speak for you know what to say and what to mean. (pulls out a bold pin- striped suit) Go and give them what belongs to them. Tell them what’s really happening. Wear what you are. (and we SMASH TO--) BENNET’S FACE. HUGE IN FRAME. GAME FACE. SET.
77) 10) text: Sitting like a pupil before the screen. Prema standing be him like a sentry. The phone starts to RING. HOLD, then--
77) 15) dialog: This is all because of you. You did this. And as he turns now and looks out the window, at the sun- bleached street, the empty blue sky. As he looks around t at their humble digs. No dream house, this--
78) 16) text: Bennet’s overnight bag by the front door. Bennet and Prema in the kitchen. She’s washing. He’s dryi Their daughter at work at her doll house. Prema stops. Lo at him. Bennet deep in thought. Until, finally-- © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 125.
78) 17) dialog: Are you going to tell me what you said?
78) 19) dialog: It’s everything you wanted. She’s not even sure about that. And neither is he now. An turns. They HOLD a long look. Then--