2) 1) text: Four TECHNICIANS celebrating a heavyset man's 50th. Cupca scrawled, “Happy Birthday Joe!" Balloon bouquet, a candle The break room. With a window letting out on the slabs. W a shitbox TV plays Wheel of Fortune. We’re in the POV of someone watching. The figure coming i focus in f.g., quarantined, isolated-- It’s Bennet. Standing - in scrubs now. Watching the other lips moving, laughing. Now grabbing portable CD player, a back to--
3) 0) text: Soaring tiled chapel-like chamber, floors sloped toward drains. Three steel slabs with fresh corpses in various states of disrepair, four more in bags against the walls. While in the b.g., DR. CYRIL WECHT, 60’s, in scrubs, step back from a slab to let a TECH finish up. Bennet and Wech meet in the middle of the room--
3) 12) dialog: (measuring head to heel) Sixty-six-and-a-three-eighths.
18) 6) dialog: Right kidney 143g ... left If you don’t know me by kidney 158g-- now/You will never never never know me-- JUMP TO: Bennet at the dissection table. Peering down, confused. Turning what he’s holding upside down and on it side then over again. Holds it to the light. Dictating--
35) 0) text: Bennet WALKING STRAIGHT INTO CAMERA, up the hallway. Peel gloves, lab coat. (In b.g., the slabs, a pair of upturned feet.) The Techs - Sullivan - no one’s saying a thing. And into- © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. 83 85 CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 55. His shitbox office. Where a warm bottle of cheap champagn sits on his desk, with a copy of Neurosurgery Journal. A it stuck to the neck says: “Enjoy with your new friend. B Cyril.” INT. BENNET’S CONDO - AFTERNOON Bennet enters with the bottle, to find Prema studying Bennet’s article. With a dictionary. He watches her until feels him and looks up. Tears in his eyes.
43) 1) text: Third-hand furniture. Three Techs lounging around the TV. Chyron says: “NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue and Dr. Ell Pellman, Director of the NFL Medical Committee”. On his f mild amusement. Across from them, SPORTS WRITER/PERSONALI
58) 0) text: Wecht, Sullivan and the Techs, all watching the TV, and a hastily arranged “press conference”. Bennet enters.