57) 5) dialog: I would say you look rather lost. (disdainfullt) But then I cannot imagine where in the world the three of you would look at home...
57) 7) dialog: (surprised) Dr. Jones?  The eminent archae- ologist?
57) 9) dialog: I remember first hearing your name when I was studying at Oxford.  I Am Chattar Lal, Prime Minister for His Highness the Maharajah of Pankot.
57) 10) text: He bows and Willie sort of curtsies. CHATTAR LAL (Cont'd) Welcome to Pankot Palace.
57) 13) text: Ahead of them Chattar Lal  walks with Indy and questions suspiciously --
57) 14) dialog: The plane crash and your journey here sound -- most incredible.
57) 17) dialog: I am only his humble servant, but the Maharajah usually listens to my advice.
57) 20) dialog: No, no, that is Uhmed Singh, the present Maharajah's late father.
57) 23) dialog: They will escort you to your rooms now.  You will be provided with fresh clothes.  Tonight you will be dining with His Highness.
57) 26) dialog: Eight o'clock in the Pleasure Pavilion.
59) 3) text: They walk among the rich court ministers and Indian merch Chattar Lal approaches with a British cavalry captain in
59) 4) dialog: We are fortunate tonight to have some many unexpected guests.  his is Captain Phillip Blumburtt.
59) 5) text: Blumburtt bows to Willie and Indiana. CHATTAR LAL (Cont'd) Captain Blumburtt and his troops are here to check up on the "natives".
59) 7) dialog: The British worry so about their Emprie -- it makes us feel like well-cared-for children.
59) 9) dialog: His Highness has not yet taken a wife.
59) 23) text: Indiana puts the doll down and looks over at Chattar Lal Willie.
59) 31) text: As the drum beats the assembled guests move toward a long table surrounded by colorful pillows.  Short Round follow little monkey he's found perched on his arm. As everyone stands around the table, Chattar Lal makes an nouncement in Hindi and then in English --
59) 32) dialog: His Supremem Highness, guardian of Rajput tradition -- the Maharajah of Pankot -- Zalim Singh.
59) 41) text: Seeing the meat being served, Indiana looks across the ta Blumburtt who seems equally puzzled.  Meanwhile, the litt rajah whispers to his Prime Minsiter.  Then Chattar Lal s the table --
59) 42) dialog: His Highness wants me to welcome his visitors.  Especially the renowned Dr. Jones from America.
59) 49) dialog: A very fine collection of very old pieces, don't you think?
59) 51) text: At the emntion of the Thuggees, the Indians at the table as it a taboo has been broken.  Chattar Lal glares at Ind
59) 52) dialog: Dr. Jones, you know very well that the Thuggee cult has been dead for nearly a century.
59) 59) dialog: There are no stories anymore.
59) 62) dialog: (sneeringly) Their stories are just fear and folklore.
59) 65) dialog: The local peasants are just as superstitious.  You're very ob- servant, Dr. Jones.  But you're beginning to worry Capt. Blum- burtt.
59) 72) text: Meanwhile, Indy continues ingenously with Chattar Lal.
59) 74) dialog: Dr. Jones, it our country a guest does not usually insult his host.
59) 78) dialog: (condescendingly) There, you see, Captain.  A rock!
59) 80) dialog: I think that's enough  of this nonsense, Dr. Jones...
59) 81) text: Indiana smiles faintly at Chattar Lal's anger.  Across th Willie looks pale and motions to the waiter.
59) 88) dialog: (controlling himself) Dr. Jones, we are all vulnerable to vicious rumors.  I seem to re- member that in Honduras you were accused of being a grave robber rather than a scientist.
59) 90) dialog: And didn't the Sultan of Madagas- car threaten to cut your head off if you ever returned to his coun- try?
59) 92) dialog: (smiling) Exactly what we have here, Dr. Jones.
61) 14) text: Short Round sulks as he listens to Indiana instructing th rajah on how to hold the whip.  As the young prince pract grip, Indy notices Chattar Lal slip behind a fountain to a dark figure in robes who appears. Indiana sees Chattar Lal bow to the dark figure -- and In catches a glimpse of the stranger's pale face and dark ho eyes.  Then the robled apparition seems to disappear. Meanwhile everyone watches respectfully as the Maharajah the whip for his first attempt.  He flings the whip but i back and snaps  -- biting his own  cheek. There's a stunned silence -- then Short Round laughs  at little prince who is holding his wounded cheek.  The ince rahajah suddenly flashes the whip as Short Round. Short Round grabs the end of it and pulls hard -- the whi tugged taut between the two hostile boys.  As they draw n other, Short Round sees something weird: The little Maharajah's eyes begin glowing yelloe and he h softly in a strange voice.  Nobody else sees or hears the transformation... Indiana finally intercedes -- he grabs Short Round by the
126) 0) text: Willie rushes out of her room and runs through the desert ace looking for help.  She flies down the moonlit corrido the huge wall paintings. She stops by a courtyard and calls out desperately, but t no one around.  She backs away down a hallway and then ju seeing something in a mirror:  a face looms behind her an screams! Willie whirls and sees Chattar Lal, the Prime Minister, a ing her.
126) 8) dialog: Miss Scott, you're not making any sense.
126) 12) dialog: I sense the fumes of opium in all this.  Prehaps Miss Scott picked up the habit in Shanghai.
128) 4) dialog: As she slept, she undoubtedly had nightmares.
128) 12) dialog: I'm sure that will please the Maharajah, Captain.
132) 0) text: And once again the three sacred Sankara Stones glow magic Mola Ram materializes evilly amidst the swirling smoke an begins chanting in Sanskrit. Beside the altar, half-clad female acolytes pass in front robed priests -- with their fingers the women paint two w lines across the priests' foreheads. An acolyte moves in front of Chattar Lal -- the Prime Min now dressed in robes.  As the devotional markings are pai his forehead, Chattar Lal translates the High Priest's sp Indiana who stands next to him.
132) 1) dialog: Mola Ram is telling the faithful of out victory.  He says the British have left the palace, which proves Kali Ma's new power.
135) 0) text: Chattar Lal watches Indiana staring hypnotically at the H Priest as he speaks --
135) 1) dialog: You understand what he tells us?
135) 4) dialog: Your friend has seen and she has heard -- now she will not talk.
135) 8) dialog: (to Indy) This will prove your devotion to Kali.
137) 0) text: Up in the temple, Willie continues to struggle as her leg strapped to the iron sacrifical frame.  Chattar Lal grabs hand and ties it down.  Willie's free hand reaches out im ly toward Indiana --
141) 0) text: Short Round suddenly darts out onto the altar and Mola Ra him and yells.  Several priests grab for Shorty.  He elud first priest, smashes the second in the stomach with his and runs like a little quarterback toward the fiery torch Short Round snatches the torch from the wall and charges Indiana.  Seeing him coming, Indy's eyes start glowing ye when Short Round runs up to him, Indiana suddenly swings backhands the little guy brutally across the face! The torch flies out of Shorty's hand as he's knocked agai wall by Indy's vicious blow -- Short Round wipes a little from his chin and stares at his hero in wounded disbelief Chattar Lal watches approvingly -- a priest moves toward Chattar Lal looks back toward the crevasse -- Willie hangs on the lowering frame, heat waves rising up scald her skin and she chokes as the sulphuric air burns lungs! Meanwhile Short Round is crawling backwards across the fl a look of terror on his face -- Indiana stalks him, hissi snarling, his eyes lgowing -- Short Round springs to his feet and tries to run -- Indy him and pulls him -- Shorty's hand grabs for another wall and just manages to yank it free! Indiana spins Short Round and clutches his throat.  As In strangles him, Short Round struggles and finally jams the into Indy's side.  The fiery torch burns Indy, smoking as sears his flesh, and he yells in pain.
143) 0) text: Mola Ram shouts at his priests and another one of them ru ward Indy on the platform.  Short Round dives and tackles priest. Chattar Lal finally leaps onto the crankwheel platform an sees him pull a dagger.  He slashes at Indiana and Indy h let go of the crankwheel -- the gears scream and the chai screech! Below in the crevasse, the iron frame plunges again towar crimson lava! On the platform, Indy hears the frame lowering and looks icked.  Chattar Lal slahses again with the dagger -- keep away from the cogwheel mechanism -- Indy suddenly kicks the dagger from Chattar Lal's hand sl in the stomach and dives toward the cogwheel mechanism. a iron rod and throws it into the gears -- the gears mangle the iron rod but finally grind to a stop ana grabs the crankwheel and starts winding it up furious Meanwhile, Short Round jumps onto the platform with Indy grabs a long wrench.  He starts swinging the wrench, keep last priests off the platfrom. The sacrificial frame finally rises up into view and Indi grabs it and swings it over onto the platform.  He looks lie anxiously as he releases her bindings -- Willie moans and moves her head.  Indy pulls her off the and she starts coughing.  Gasping for breath, Willie ervi fresh air flows into her lungs. Finally Willie opens her eyes and she sees Indiana.  Then notices something else and manages to cry out hoarsely --
143) 2) text: Chattar Lal grabs a pistol from an unconscious guard and whirls to see him pointing it -- Indy kicks the gun from and suddenly Chattar Lal starts shouting in a terrifying Chattar Lal's eyes glow as he lunges suicidally at Indian tempting to take Indy with him as he dives from the platf Crashing into Indy, Chattar Lal knocks both of them back sacrificial frame which swings out over the crevasse -- Indy manages to dive off the frame just in time.  He grab of the platform as the crankwheel screams and the frame f Looking up from the depths of the crevasse, we see the fr Chattar Lal on it plummeting downward into the sulphurous The frame finally crashes, splashing into the molten lava Chattar Lal's body explodes inot flame friefly -- his fle broiled off in an instant -- we glimpse a skeleton moment and then all is consumed and obliterated by the blazing l scramble over to Short Round who jumps off the platform a follow him across the altar. Indy sees Mola Ram quickly collecting the sacred Sankara Indiana rushes over and spins Mola Ram around -- He slugs the High Priest in the face and Mola Ram keels o backwards against the statue of Kali.  Short Round helps the Sankara Stones into Indiana's shoulder bag.