36) 0) text: The raft drifts out of the main part of the river and gli ward a clearing.  Its three soaked and bedraggled passeng motionless in the bottom. Indy's hand drags alongside the raft, his fingers leaving in the almost still water.  Battered and exhausted, but a Indy's "bodyguard", Shorty looks over at him worriedly --
56) 0) text: The three travelers start across a marble bridge toward t entrance.  Lined along the bridge, palace guards stand wi lances. As the threesome passes, the first Rajput guard snaps noi attention and Willie jumps.  As Willie continues across t bridge, the other guards snap to attention in sequence an grins, enjoying the attention.
57) 2) text: Indy's voice echoes off the marble facades -- three enorm put guards with curved swords in their sashes appear sile opposite sides of the courtyard.
117) 4) text: Suddenly she turns and screams as two huge Thuggee guards at them!  One grabs at Short Round but the kid slashes th guard's hand with his dagger. Willie tries to get past the other guard, but he snatches the arm and pulls her toward him -- from her training at lege of Hard Knocks, Willie successfully knees the big ma balls. WILLIE (Cont'd) Keep your paws off, letch!
117) 5) text: The man groans and sinks to his knees.  Willie sees that Round is in trouble.  She runs over, leaps onto the back other guard and starts ripping his hair out. Short Round picks up his fallen dagger.  The big guard lu backwards and smashes Willie into the rocky wall of the t Willie falls to the floor. Short Round approaches, holding the man at bay with his d Willie turns as the other guard, the one she kneed, crawl her -- Willie scoops up some dirt and throws it.  The man at his eyes and Willie jumps up.
117) 7) text: Willie starts to run and Short Round backs away, keeping guard at a distance with his dagger.  Suddenly the guard in Hindi and dives at Short Round. Panicking, Shorty tries to run after Willie -- but he's t The guard has Short Round by the foot and drags him back. looks around and stops running.  She sees Short Round is SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) No!  Run!  Go get help!
119) 0) text: Indy looks into a deep pit around which concentric paths into numerous narrow tunnels.  Crawling out of these burr scrawny children drag sacks of dirt and rock.  Other holl children pull these sacks to mine cars waiting on rails. Straining to lift the rocks into the mine cars, several o children slip and fall.  Bare-chested Thuggee guards shou enslaves children and kick those who've fallen. For these children there would seem to be only one hope - -- an end to their travail. Indiana edges around the hole, looking into the ghastly m feeling as if he's discovered an inferno of misery as gro as Dante's. Indy shifts the bag of stones on his shoulder.  He hesita considers his choice:  he has the Sankara Stones and can with them now... But Indy hears the pleading cries of one child and peers see a burly Thuggee guard beating the pitiful little slav gets angrier and angrier as he watches. He finally steps over the grabs a boulder.  He lifts it a flings it down into the mine --
120) 0) text: We see Indiana above and the boulder hurtling down -- it onto the head of the Thuggee guard who hits the ground li sack of cement!
121) 0) text: Indy sees the startled slave children looking up at him i He smiles victoriously at the Thuggees below who've run o see what happened. Indy's smile seems to fade as his anger turns to surprise feels something unnerving: Dirt is crumbling away from the rim of the hole, a small landslide starting beneath his feet.  Suddenly the floor way and Indy slips! The entire rim of the hole shears off and Indy topples wi and plunges down into the mine toward the assembled guard scatter -- Indy yells as he falls and it echoes...
122) 12) text: There's a noise and they see two guards and a priest outs cell.  Nainsukh cowers in the darkness at the back of the like a trapped animal awaiting the inevitable.
123) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round are pushed down a tunnel by guard are stopped at a door and shoved inside.
124) 12) text: Mola Ram nods and two guards grab Indy.  They drag him st to a rock and chain him to it.  Short Round scuffles as h pulled aside to watch. Remembering the High Priest's earlier open-heart surgery, ana looks worried as Mola Ram approaches him --
124) 14) text: Now the young initiate comes forward and Indiana looks st it's Nainsukh.  He is wearing robes and his eyes are glow strangely.  Nainsukh hands Mola Ram a hollow human skull blood! The guards hold Indiana's head back and force his mouth o Mola Ram tips the skull and blood spills out of its death grinning jaws and flows into Indiana's mouth.  Indy gags Suddenly he spits the blood, spraying Mola Ram and the li Maharajah.  Looking at his blood-splattered clothes, the jah is furious.
124) 20) text: As the guards turn Indy face down, they rip off his jacke chain his ahnds to the rock.  The Maharajah uncurls the w notices Short Round smiling snidely -- Suddenly the Maharajah cracks the whip -- it lashes out a into Short Round's shoulder.  Blood appears and Short Rou stunned by the lash and by the fact the Marahajah knows w use the whip. MAHARAJAH (Cont'd) As Dr. Jones suggested, I have been practicing.
124) 21) text: The little Maharajah whirls and lashes the whip again.  I jerks as the bullwhip rips through his shirt and tears op flesh.  The Maharajah lashes again and again -- blood spu across Indy's tattered shirt. As the whipping continues- Short Round jumps as if he is ing beaten.  His eyes fill with tears as he watches Indy Finally, the little Maharajah lets the whip fall limp.  A Maharajah approaches Indy, Short Round lunges as him angr the guards restrain him. Indiana groans as he's turned over.  Blood trickles from mouth and he stares up hatefully at Mola Ram.
130) 20) text: Indiana stops pacing and Willie freezes in terror.  Now a yellow light wipes across the room.  Indiana turns and wa silently as two Thuggee guards emerge from a secret doorw that's opened -- The shadows of the Thuggee guards loom over Willie and sh SCREAMS again!
133) 0) text: Beneath the temple, down in the bowels of the mountain, t ful children dig at the earth with their fingers.  A FAT slouches down the tunnel, flogging malingerers with a ale strap. Short Round sweats next to the others, clawing at the roc doomed to work with them now in their search for the last Sankara Stones. The leather strap suddenly flays Short Round's back and h manages not to scream out in pain.  The fat guard passes Round and the other kids pull a large rock which suddenly loose out of the wall -- ! They fall back and see they've exposed a vein of molten l Hearing their shouts, the fat guard returns -- yelling at stupidity, he whips them and shoves them aside brutally. Short Round see the fat guard's eyes glowing fiercely in Suddenly the fissure shoots out steam and spews some molt over the guard's legs. The guard screams and falls to the ground, thrashing abou ing to kick the searing lava off his smoking flesh. As the other kids cower, Short Round's humane instincts c to jump forward to help the guard who moments earlier was him -- Short Round tosses dirt on the guard's legs and grabs a g sack and starts rubbing the lava off.  Shorty notices som strange: The guard's eyes, which were glowing yellow before, are n ming and returning to normal.  The moaning guard looks at thankfully and then looks around as if waking from a nigh
133) 2) text: Other guards appear and lift the guard -- suddenly he sta struggling against the guards not wanting to return to th mare of Kali --
133) 3) dialog: (as he's dragged away) No!  NO!
133) 5) text: But the other guards push and beat the children back to w Short Round is shoved against a wall and groans -- he rea and grabs a large rock, lifting it defiantly -- But rather than heaving it at the guard, Short Round smas rock down on the leg chains binding him to the other chil Shorty beats at the chain with the rock, determined to es
136) 0) text: In the dark tunnel, a rock smashes down onto a chain -- a breaks it!  Short Round is exhausted.  He looks around fu and sees a guard approaching.
136) 1) text: Short Round takes a chance -- he dives and rolls across t tunnel.  He ducks behind a mine car full of rocks being p out by two chained children. The guard lumbers past unsuspectingly as Short Round make escape using the moving mine car as cover.
138) 0) text: Short Round races up a tunnel and then flattens himself b corner.  He peers anxiously into a large carven and sees guards walking away. When the coast is clear, Short Round darts across the cav long wooden ladder tilted up against a wall.  Short Round up the high ladder and sees a kid with a sack of rocks de from a burrow-hole half-way up the wall. The exhausted kid nearly collapses at the bottom -- then seeing Short Round.  Shorty motions for him to keep quiet Amaxed, the kid watches Short Round scramble up the ladde Shorty continues until he is high above the floor. Dirty faces stare out of the high burrow as Short Round s climbing.  The kids are astonished as Short Round suddenl and kicks the ladder away from the wall! The high ladder falls in an arc and what seem like sure s slowly resembles a mini-Indiana Junes stunt as Short Roun to the other side of the falling ladder -- Short Round holds on for dear life as the ladder crashes the opposite cavern wall -- giving Short Round access to roof-hole that leads up to the temple! Short Round scurries up the ladder and pulls himself up i chamber behind the altar.  He looks at the light flaring the statue of Kali --
142) 0) text: The chanting stops at the Kali worshippers notice the bat the altar.  The little Maharajah looks concerned and leav shoving through the crowd behind his bodyguards.
143) 2) text: Chattar Lal grabs a pistol from an unconscious guard and whirls to see him pointing it -- Indy kicks the gun from and suddenly Chattar Lal starts shouting in a terrifying Chattar Lal's eyes glow as he lunges suicidally at Indian tempting to take Indy with him as he dives from the platf Crashing into Indy, Chattar Lal knocks both of them back sacrificial frame which swings out over the crevasse -- Indy manages to dive off the frame just in time.  He grab of the platform as the crankwheel screams and the frame f Looking up from the depths of the crevasse, we see the fr Chattar Lal on it plummeting downward into the sulphurous The frame finally crashes, splashing into the molten lava Chattar Lal's body explodes inot flame friefly -- his fle broiled off in an instant -- we glimpse a skeleton moment and then all is consumed and obliterated by the blazing l scramble over to Short Round who jumps off the platform a follow him across the altar. Indy sees Mola Ram quickly collecting the sacred Sankara Indiana rushes over and spins Mola Ram around -- He slugs the High Priest in the face and Mola Ram keels o backwards against the statue of Kali.  Short Round helps the Sankara Stones into Indiana's shoulder bag.
145) 0) text: Willie follows Short Round.  Indiana jumps down last and the ladder away, letting it crash to the floor so they wo followed. They draw the attention of the slave children working in nels around the cavern.  But it's the sight of the approa guard that worries Indy --
145) 2) text: They duck into one of the tunnels.  As they hide, Indy wa the guard passing.
146) 2) text: The guard turns and looks amazed to see Indy smiling at h the mouth of the tunnel. INDIANA (Cont'd) Listen, I'm from the union and I'd like to talk about the working conditions here.  Could you step inside a minute?
146) 3) text: Indy smiles again and disappears into the tunnel.  In ast rage, the guard draws his sword and goes after Indy into nel -- there's a pause and then we hear the guard yell!
147) 0) text: Willie flattens against the wall as Indiana catapaults th guard past her back into the mine where he's set upon bu of rebellious slave children. The kids swarm over the guard like jackalas and we see Sh pull a key from the struggling guard's robe.
153) 0) text: A large cavern is the depository for the mine cars rollin with loads of rock.  Emaciated children (still unaware of volt and the other childrens' escape) break their backs s the heavily-loaded mine cars. Thuggee guards supervise the deadening work, while others ate the pulley-and-hoist system used to drag  the cars up sloped dump ramp. Behind this operation, a thunderous waterfall cascades in huge cistern.  From there, chutes deply the rushing water power the large conveyor belt below it. As the cars rise up the ramp, they tip and spill rocks on conveyor belt which carries them toward an awesome stone that rolls relentlessly , crushing the rocks into sand. From the side tunnel, Indiana watches the noisy operation
153) 11) text: Willie and Short Round see a guard coming up the steps on other side of the platform.  As the man rises he gets tal taller -- until they see it's a Thuggee giant coming up b Indiana. INDIANA (Cont'd) Come one, what's wrong?
153) 13) text: Indiana turns and looks into the bare chest of the seven- tall guard.  Indy has to look up to see the man's mean-lo face.
153) 30) text: Meanwhile, Indy runs along the catwalk above the conveyor He jumps and grabs onto a cross-bard -- he kicks out with and knocks a quarry guard off the catwalk. The guard flies through the air and topples into the sand where he thrashes around blindly under the sand falling f crusher. Across the cavern, Willie shoves the rolling mine car tow balcony.
153) 32) text: Willie shirls as another quarry guard rushes toward her. yanks the iron brake-handle off the mine car and holds it eningly like a baseball bat -- WILLIE (Cont'd) Come on, let's see hoe hand your head is!
153) 39) text: Short Round slips over the edge and slides down a wet sta to the floor of the cavern. There he finds Willie swinging the brake-handle and smash guard in the gut.  The man doubles in pain -- Willie kick putt and he splashes into the pool of water.
153) 43) text: Across the quarry, Mola Ram and six temple guards run out high platform next to the waterfall.  Mola Ram sees Willi Short Round pushing the mine cat. Mola Ram shouts to his men -- two of them pull pistols an fire! Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Short Round shoves to the far side of the car where they both take cover. Meanwhile, up on a catwalk, a guard slices a sword throug air and Indiana ducks!  The sword slashes into a wooden r and the guard tries frantically to pull it out -- Indiana slams kis knee up into the guard's stomach and th smashes his fist down on his neck -- the man collapses. hears more gunfire. Indiana rushes along the catwalk toward the platform abov edges against the wall below the platform, staying out of as he unfurls his whip. One of Mola Ram's guards fires again from the high platfo Indiana lashes the whip -- the whip wraps around the gunm arm and Indy yanks on it -- The gunman topples through the air and crashes down onto walk.  Indy grabs the gun.  He kicks the guard off the ca and the man falls into the waterfall pool. As the other guards fire down at him, Indiana dodges alon catwalk and fires back at them.  A bullet explodes near M and he ducks back -- Meanwhile, Short Round and Willie have the mine car rolli they jump into it --
155) 0) text: Back in the quarry, Mola Ram supervises the guards as the empty cars toward the tunnel.  Carrying long Khyber rifle jump aboard the cars.  The first one rolls into the dark and the second car speeds after it.
159) 0) text: Indiana is crouched in the back of the zooming mine bar b away with the pistol he captured in the quarry. A gunman in the car behind returns his fire, the explosio lighting up the tunnle walls. Indy aims and fires again -- the gunman is hit and knocke in the car.  Another guard with a Khyber rifle moves up t front and starts firing. Meanwhile, as the car goes into a hard turn, Short Round the brake -- beneath the car we see the brake-pad scrapin metal wheel. The tunnel gets lower and Indy has to duck under each bea over and can only pop up to fire between the low beams. The rifleman in the car behind is relading.  Then he lift rifle -- Indy pops up simultaneously and shoots! The gunman is hit, his rifle flies up and his head smashe against the beam hurtling above!  Screaming horribly, the is knocked from the speeding car like a broken doll.
161) 10) text: Willie closes her eyes as they rocket toward the curve. car behind, the Thugge guard at the brake also shoves the off -- and looks extremely worried. Indy's car hits the curve and the centrifugal force lifts side wheels off the rails!
162) 0) text: Mola Ram's guards continue to bash away with sledge hamme the rock supports under the mammoth cistern.  One of the starts to crumble -- From above, we see the cistern list to one side and water dangerously over the edge as the huge tank creaks and saw
164) 0) text: The sledgehammers continue -- until two of the rock suppo way!  There are shouts as the guards run for cover. Mola Ram stands on a platform watching the huge cistern s keel over -- the noise is incredible as the colossal tank to the ground! Suddenly a half-million gallons of water explode across t cern and surge in a tidal wave toward the tunnels!
165) 2) text: All three of them groan as they raise the boulder and sho off the back of the car -- ducking instantly to avoid bei capitated by the next beam! Looking back, they see the gunmen pop up between the beam they see the looks of terror on the gunmen's faces as the the boulder in front of them! The Thuggee car hits the boulder and upends!  The guards horribly as the car tumbles end over end, slamming agains tunnel walls, getting ripped to shreds so that finally on pieces of metal, wheels and debris fly like a meteorite s down the tunnel! Willie whoops for joy and hugs Indy who smiles modestly -
169) 2) text: Suddenly the board under him breaks! Willie grabs Short R before he falls into the abyss!  Looking pale and less co Short Round starts out again and Willie follows his caref They continue stepping across the bridge cautiously, a fe more difficult by the bridge's constant swaying and the h stopping up and down movement. Behind them, Indy finally pulls himself up from under the He stands up and sees Willie and Short Round halfway acro already.  Then he hears something and turns quickly -- he his whip out and ducks to the side of the tunnel as two T guards rush out. Indy cracks the whip, catching the first guard around the the guard spills forward and trips the second guard.  The man tries to stand but Indiana kicks him in the head. The second guard gets to his feet and seings his sword -- ducks, slams him in the stomach and dives for the first g sword.  He grabs it and rolls aside quickly as the second attempts to slice him in two! Indy gets to his feet and immediately finds himself about gage in a sword duel with the enraged Thuggee guard.  Ind at the unfamiliar sword, hefts it, and tries to quickly d the best way to use it -- Suddenly the guard shouts and charges.  Indy decides shou must be the "de rigueur" technique and shouts back loudly two swords CLANG and spark as the duel erupts. Indy flails and feints and the Thuggee guard lunges and s Indy finally gains the upper hand and dispatches the Thug guard who slumps defeated into the dirt. Keeping the sword, Indy starts out onto the bridge, walki quickly as possible across the rickety span.  He hears sh ahead and looks worried then temple guards appear at the of the bridge. The guards suprise Willie and Shorty as they finally get the bridge.  Struggling   futilely with the guards, Willi at Indiana --
169) 4) text: Indy sees more Thuggee guards rushing out of the tunnel b him.  He turns and sees two of the tmeple guards who capt Willie and Short Round coming across the bridge in front Indy stands helpless in the middle of the swaying bridge guards approaching from both sides, and nothing but heave and the rocky gorge hundreds of feet below! A wind comes up and the High Priest, Mola Ram, appears on end of the bridge.  He stands with the guards who hold Wi Short Round. The wind whips around Indy and he staggers unsteadily on swaying bridge as he watches Mola Ram --
169) 6) text: Mola Ram shouts in Hindi and the guards start to move tow from both sides of the bridge. INDIANA (Cont'd) That's far enough!
169) 10) text: Mola Ram motions and the guards move farther out on both the bridge -- suddenly Indiana swings the sword and it cu one of the bottom rope-spans! The rope is half-severed and frays slowly under the tensi
169) 12) text: Mola Ram motions again the his guards (looking more nervo step farther out onto the bridge, mvoing closer to Indy f sides. Indy swings the sword again, cutting into the other rope- It, too, is now partially severed and frays slowly.  The jolts and Indy and the guards sway precariously! Suddenly Mola Ram shoves Short Round out onto the bridge. High Priest draws a dagger and pushes Willie onto the swa span, holding the knife behind them both. MOLA RAM (Cont'd) Your friends will die with you!
169) 13) text: In different times this would be called a Mexican stand-o Indiana looks at the guards in front and behind him.  He Willie and Short Round out on the bridge now with Mola Ra their backs.
169) 18) text: Indiana swings the sword with all his might -- it whooshe through the air and slashes clear through the top and bot ropes --! Immediately Mola Ram's guards start to flee in panic -- t Indiana swings the sword again and the two ropes on the o side are severed -- The rope bridge is sheared in two!  It breaks in the midd both halves fall apart!  The guards scream horribly in th they plunge down into the rocky gorge! Willie and Short Round cling to their established foothol fall with the bridge toward the wall of the gorge.  Mola spills forward, clutching desperately at the ropes and sl Below them, Indiana has latched onto a rope and swings wi bridge as it hits the gorge wall and hangs vertically now ling from its moorings at the top. There's an instant of suspended animation as all who rema realize they are alive.  Short Round and Willie cling nea top of the now vertical bridge. Below them, Mola Ram clutches onto one of the main ropes directly above him the last of his guards holds on for de Short Round and Willie struggle upwards, clutching ropes stepping on slats.  Finally, Short Round heaves himself u solid ground and turns to help Willie up. Meanwhile, dangling below on the bridge, Indy reaches up grabs Mola Ram's leg.  The High Priest kicks and tries to Indy's grip.  He kicks again and smashes Indy in the face Indy won't let go.  Suddenly the High Priest reaches up a his own Thuggee guard and yanks his down by the front of shirt -- Mola Ram shoves the luckless guard down onto Indy, trying dislodge him by sacrificing the screaming Thuggee.  Indy to hang on.  The Thuggee is less fortunate and falls scre his death. Then Mola Ram looks across the gorge and yells.  Indy see of the last Thuggee guards streaming out of the tunnel -- to be stranded on the far side of the now bridgeless gorg Indy starts climbing up after Mola Ram again.  He grabs a back of Mola Ram's robe and pull him down.  Slipping, Mol turns and it's Indy's chance to punch Mola Ram in the fac Mola Ram's eyes are glowing yellow and he's shouting inco ly.  He grabs the strap of Indy's shoulder bag and stamps dy's hand -- Indy falls! Indiana slips downward, scrambling to catch hols of somet meanwhile, Mola Ram now has the bag with the Sankara Ston Indy finally stops his downward slide and dangles dangero near the bottom of the bridge. Across the gorge, the Thuggee guards run up a path to a s gove of trees growing on a plateau above the gorge.  The have bows and arrows and take firing positions -- At the top of the bridge, Mola Ram keeps climbing until r start poundinghim from above -- Willie and Short Round pe with rocks which he tries to block with his arm. Indiana starts to climb again, using all his strength.  H reaches for a wooden slat -- suddenly a flaming arrow sma into the wood! Indy turns in amazement and sees more flaming arrows rock across the chasm directy for him! Across the gorge, by the grove of trees, a Thuggee priest orders to the archers who continue to launch the flaming Indiana crawls up as the bridge starts to burn from the c ing bursts of fiery arrows.  At the top, Mola Ram reaches perately for a hand old -- Willie smashes his hand with a The High Priest yells in pain and slips down to where Ind him again in the face!  They struggle as the fire burns u beneath them. On the cliff above the fallen bridge, Willie watches the rising toward Indy and Mola Ram as they fight.  Short Rou and sees something --
170) 0) text: Indiana crawls up the burning bridge and Willie and Short reach for him at the top.  They pull him up onto the clif they all look around exhausted -- Across the gorge, more British troops emerge from the min nels to subdue the remaining Thuggee guards on that side. Finally the little Maharajah comes out of the dark mine t He sees Short Round across the gorge -- and bows to thank his help.  On the other side, Short Round waves his cap, him back. Willie stands at the edge of the gorge looking down into er far below.