5) 0) text: The man in the tuxedo stops to watch Willie Scott singing on the stage.  Then he looks around and sees the table of Chinese men that Short Round spotted earlier. As the man in the tuxedo walks toward the table, he remov cigarette from a silver case.  He arrives at the table ju the chorus and orchestra reach a crescendo -- And on the stage, a glistening, muscular slave swings a h mer toward an enormous brass gong -- The man in the tuxedo leans to receive a light from a cig girl and, as the GONG BOOMS, the match flares to reveal h for the first time: It's INDIANA JONES.  Elegant in a tuxedo -- dressed to ki TITLES END and over this a legend appears on the screen:
5) 3) dialog: Lao She.
5) 6) dialog: Wah hung how, nee nah?  Wah hwey hung jing chee jah loo nee kao soo wah shu shu.
5) 9) dialog: I don't like to show off.
5) 10) text: Indiana takes a seat across the table from Shanghai's not crime-lord.  Lao is fifty, wealthy enough to now display fat, but still muscular from his fight to the top of the heap.
5) 12) text: Indiana looks at the pile of caviar on the plate in front -- and stubs his cigarette out in it.  The cigarette sizz Lao's smiles dies with it. There's applause as Wille Scott finishes her song.  At th table, Lao stares at Indiana with a strange intensity.
5) 14) dialog: Sure, I found him.  Then last night I had a little trouble. Somebody tried to slit my throat.
5) 15) text: Indiana looks across the table at Lao's son, CHEN, who re a bulldog and snarls like one now. INDIANA (Cont'd) It was dark, but I think one of your sons tried to get Nurhachi without paying for him.
5) 18) dialog: Next time I'll cut off more than his finger.
5) 20) text: Lao pulls a wad of cash out of his pocket and puts it on table.  Indiana glances at it.
5) 21) dialog: As I recall the deal was consid- erably more.
5) 26) text: Lao nods across the table and Indy sees KAO KAN, Lao's se son, open his coat and remove a silver-plated pistol.  In looks worried.  Willie doesn't notice as she fixes her ma and coyly teases Indiana.
5) 29) dialog: Put the gun away, sonny.
5) 31) dialog: Now I suggest you pay me what you promised -- or your girlfriend here is going to be squealing a new tune.
5) 33) dialog: Try again Lao -- the deal was more.
5) 34) text: The knife pokes Willie and she whimpers again.  Lao reach another pocket and brings out a folded piece of rice pape opens it and a large diamond and ruby spill out onto the INDIANA (Cont'd) Bingo...you see, Lao, with a but of persuasion, even you can be an honest fellow.
5) 35) text: Indy smiles and jabs the knife into the middle of the tab Then he lifts his champagne glass in a toast to Lao -- wh watches expectantly as Indiana moves the glass toward his Suddenly Willie stands angrily, jostling Indy's arm so th doesn't drink his champagne.
5) 41) dialog: What's that?
5) 43) text: Indiana examines his champagne glass and sees a residue a bottom of it.  He swallows and feels sick, wondering it i or the poison already taking effect. LAO (Cont'd) There is an antidote for this poison.  You give me Nurhachi -- I give you the antidote.
5) 44) text: Indiana is sweating.  Willie looks at him and sees Indy's shaking. LAO (Cont'd) The poison works fast, Dr. Jones. Where is Nurhachi?
5) 45) text: Indiana finally reaches into his pocket.  Next to the cas jewels and poison, Indiana sets down a beautiful small bo and his men stare hypnotically at the exquisite gold and box.
5) 48) dialog: Inside are the remains of Nur- hachi -- the first Emperor of the Manchu Dynasty.
5) 49) text: Lao opens the box carefully and stares reverently at the powder inside. INDIANA (Cont'd) Now what about the antidote, Lao.
5) 55) dialog: Let go of her, Lao.  And give me the antidote.
5) 56) text: Lao just laughs evilly -- until a waiter moves up behind the crimelord suddenly stiffens.  He lets go of Willie's and raises his hands off the table.  Chen stops collectin money and jewels. Kao Kan tenses and Indy smiles at Wu Han, the Chinese wai the scar, who is standing behind Lao.  Wu Han has a towel his hand  --  under it, he has a pistol pressed against L spine. INDIANA (Cont'd) (smiling at Wu Han) I like the service here.
5) 58) dialog: No, Wu Han's an old friend I brought along. (to Lao) So, the game's not over. Put the antidote on the table, Lao.
5) 60) dialog: Wu Han  --  listen to me  --  I'm going to get you out of here.
5) 63) text: Wu Han dies and slumps forward.  Indiana is shattered by death of his old friend.
5) 65) text: Indy's gaze shifts from his dead friend to Lao's sneering Then Indy sees the murderous Chen giggling perversely.  I anger is compounded by the poison burning in his gut and ion of Chen's ugly face blurs into a double image -- Indy stands up unsteadily.  Chen assumes he's about to ke from the poison -- but Indy suddenly turns and grabs a re ter at another table.  The waiter holds a long skewer of pigeons that he's just set afire -- Indy grabs the skewer of pigeons flambee and hurls is acr table!  Chen fires and misses -- and screams as the skewe into his chest and the burning pigeons flame in front of rified face! This the other tables definitely notice.  There are screa all hell breaks loose.  Indiana shoves past Willie and re for the vial on the table --
5) 66) dialog: The antidote -- !
5) 67) text: But he's grabbed from behind by Kao Kan.  Indy elbows the reaches back and grabs his head -- and somersaults Kao Ka the table! As nubmer two son crashes into the table, the impact send Emperor Nurhachi's ashes billowing into Lao's stricken fa Indiana yells as he sees the vial of antidote rolling acr table -- and falling! Indiana dives and catches the antidote just before it hit floor -- then Indy's hand is brutally stomped on by one o henchmen and the vial rolls away. Indiana angrily raises his head, smashing it up into the man's groin -- the man howls like a banshee and hobbles a
5) 68) text: Meanwhile, Willie watches Lao grabbing for cash from the Willie lunges past the pigeon-skewered Chen to snatch the but unfortunately Kao Kan knocks them off the table as he to attack Indy. Indiana scrambles on his hands and knees after the rollin People keep kicking it -- he almost has it when Willie ru him, trips and lands on her back.
5) 69) dialog: Look out, damn it, I need that antidote!
5) 73) text: Willie smiles and suddenly kicks the woman in the butt! reaches to get the diamond but not before the other woman her. Behind the fountain, Indiana makes a break -- he runs and on top of a serving cart.  The wheeled cart hurtles towar suspecting gunman, crashes into him from behind and sends flying head first into a row of ice buckets. Nearby, Willie slugs the other lady in the jaw and grabs elusive diamond just as the ice buckets showers ice acros floor -- which camouflages the diamond!
5) 76) dialog: Hey,doll!  Don't move!
5) 77) text: She sees Indy speeding by atop the serving cart.  Lao and gunmen rush out to block the way.  Indy rolls off the car slides behind a potted palm as Lao's men open fire again. INDIANA (Cont'd) (shouting to Willie) Hey, don't go away!  I need that!
5) 78) text: Willie smiles meanly as she slips the vial down the front dress, thumbs her nose at Indiana and walks away. INDIANA (Cont'd) If I wasn't dying, I'd kill her...
5) 79) text: Hiding behind the palm tree, Indiana looks around and spo ant statue at the side of the stage.  Indy makes a break As the gunmen open fire, Indy springs onto a chair -- jum a table -- and leaps onto the stage.  He grabs the golden sword from the Chinese warrior statue! As bullets smash into the statue, Indiana hides behind it he jumps out and swings the large sword toward the enormo gong. The crimson cord holding the gong is SLASHED!  Indy sling sword at his assailants and gives the three-meter-high go helpful shove -- The giant gong rolls and echoes as it crashes down the ma steps.  Indiana ducks behind it as it gains momentum and across the dance floor. Using the gong as an enormous shield, Indy evades the gun ploding -- bullets ricochet off the rolling brass gong as runs behind it. Ahead, Willie hurries toward an exit -- she hears somethi turns -- her eyes go wide as she sees the mammoth gong be down on her! Willie yells as Indiana grabs her arm and pulls her behin gong with him -- Lao watches amazed as he and his gunmen dodge tables tryi get better firing positions -- and more henchmen come int club now and start firing machine guns! As bullets clang against the gong, Indiana and Willie run it.  Willie hollers as they head directly for a towering, to-ceiling window! Indiana grabs Willie around the waist and, after the huge crashes through the stained-glass window, they both fly a
6) 0) text: In a shower of sparkling glass, the enormous gong sails o crashes down a sloping green-tiled roof.  Indiana Jones a lie Scott hurtle into the night air after it! The gong rolls down the roof and they hit the tiles behin Indiana holding onto Willie as they roll one-over-the-oth toward the edge -- Willie screams as they fall into thin Their entwined bodies plummet three stories:  ripping thr third-floor awning, crashing through an old man's mattres second-floor balcony -- Finally they smash through the convertible top of a parke berg and fall into the back seat!
7) 2) dialog: Step on it, Short Round!
7) 6) dialog: Relax, I've been giving him lessons.
9) 0) text: As Short Round eagerly swerves around a corner, Willie ho for dear life.  Indiana suddenly puts his hand down the f Willie's dress --
9) 2) dialog: Don't get your hopes up -- where's the antidote?
9) 3) text: Indiana withdraws his hand, having finally found the vial opens is quickly, tips the vial to his lips and grimaces swallows the stuff.
9) 5) dialog: Poison never agrees with me. (shouting forward) Pull a right, Short Round, and head for the Wang Poo bridge!
9) 10) dialog: Somehow I think you've got bigger problems.
9) 11) text: Indy grabs his shoulder bag and pulls a pistol out of it. pokes the gun through the broken window and starts firing their pursuers -- then he turns and looks ahead. INDIANA (Cont'd) There, Shorty!  Through the tunnel!
9) 14) dialog: The airport...No, look out, Short Round!  Left, left!
11) 1) dialog: (shouting) You got the tickets, Short Round?
11) 4) dialog: (sadly) Wu Han's not coming, Shorty.
11) 9) dialog: Siam.
13) 2) dialog: Thanks, Weber.
17) 0) text: A door opens at the rear of the plane and Indiana Jones e wearing more familiar attire:  a beat-up leather jacket o khaki shirt and a snap-brim hat.  He passes a dozen passe he moves up the aisle carrying his rolled-up tuzedo. In the first row, Willie is busy fixing her make-up.  Sho in the seat across the aisle from her.  Indy comes up and his tuxedo onto the floor. Willie sees him hook his coiled bullwhip over a coat-peg.
17) 2) dialog: Since I was nice enough to let you tag along, why don't you give your mouth a rest?  Okay, doll?
17) 5) dialog: Oh yeah?
25) 1) dialog: (groggily) We there yet?
25) 2) text: Indiana sees Shorty shooting his pistol out the side door planes swoop by again.  Out of ammo, Shorty throws the gu angrily at the passing plane. Indiana picks up his whip and attaches it to his belt as runs over to him.
26) 2) dialog: No. (hopefully) Do you?
28) 1) dialog: (angrily) Short Round, what in the hell are you doing?
30) 2) dialog: Get over here, damn it!  Short Round, come on, grab onto me tight!
30) 3) text: Willie sees Short Round rush over to Indiana and grab him the waist from behind.  Willie finally jumps up and runs
32) 0) text: As the raft rockets down the snow, Indiana clutches the f Willie and Short Round hold on for dear life on either si him. The raft plummets down the mountain, crossing the timber- entering a forest.  Bouncing over a snow-hidden log, the shoots directly for a tree -- Indiana pulls on the perimeter rope, rolls on his side an ages to swerve the raft so it caroms offthe snow-drifted the tree trunk. Continuing its downhill run, the raft smashes across a sm steam, sending silvery water spraying. As the raft skids below the snow-level, it starts bouncin rocky ground and its three passengers' teeth start chatte
35) 0) text: The raft is heading directly toward a surging stretch of erous rapids.  Indiana looks less cocky as he and Willie Short Round hold on again for dear life! The raft plunges into the roaring torrent, bouncing over swollen waves, twisting and spinning through narrow gaps. three helpless passengers are drenched in the thundering of white water. Willie is hallering, Short Round hangs on wide-eyed and e looks terrified as the raft crashes down the rapids.  Fin after one heart-stopping bounce, the raft seems to slow.
36) 2) dialog: Okay, Shorty.
36) 3) text: Indy looks over at Willie who is moaning. INDIANA (Cont'd) You all right?
36) 6) dialog: India...
36) 8) text: She rolls over and yelps as she looks up at the bizarre, face of a SHAMAN.  Silhoutted against the blazing sun, th ny little old man in a loincoloth stares down at them in An eerie wind rises and howls.  The old man places his pa gether and moves his hands up to touch his forehead.  Wil Short Round watch mystified as Indiana returns the old sh silent greeting.
37) 2) dialog: He told me they knew I was coming here.
37) 4) dialog: The old man saw it in a dream.
37) 6) dialog: He said that's whey they were at river -- they were waiting for the plane to fall down.
38) 0) text: At the base of the hills, Mayapore village does nothing t lieve the awful sense of devastation.  A desolate road ru through the village, along which groups of ptiifully poor lagers stare at the strangers being brought in. Hopeless women lift buckets from a dry well -- finding on Skinny miserable dogs skulk between the decrepit village eyed by the patient vultures lurling in scraggly trees. Indiana notices the wretched peasants staring at Short Ro some of them pointing at him, a few haggard women sheddin down their wrinkled faces as the little Chinese boy passe There is no sign of children in the village and Short Rou frightened by the odd attention.  He moves closer to Indy pass the devastated population.
38) 4) text: Indiana sees the painted shaman, who sits next to the chi watching Willie.  The women bring in a bowl from which th tiny portions of grey gruel onto three plates. To this the women add a few grains of yellowed rice and a ered ,molding piece of fruit.  Willie looks aghast at the tizing combination.
38) 6) dialog: That's more food than these people eat in a week. (pointedly)  They're starving, too...
38) 11) dialog: We'd appreciate that.  This was an unexpected detour.  We'll have to go to Delhi now and find a flight west.
38) 14) dialog: I'm a professor.  I have to re- turn to the university.  Can you give us a guide to take us to Delhi?
38) 17) dialog: Thank you.
38) 20) dialog: (puzzled) Pankot isn't on the way to Delhi.
38) 22) dialog: Hasn't the Pankot palace been de- serted since the Mutiny of 1857?
38) 25) dialog: I don't understand.  What's hap- pened here?
38) 27) dialog: What evil?
38) 29) text: Willie looks over at Indiana --
38) 31) dialog: It's a sacred stone in a shine that's supposed to protect a village.
38) 33) dialog: (politely firm) Nobody brought us here.  Our plane crashed.  We were shot down by --
39) 2) dialog: It's just superstition, Shorty. Like a ghost story.
39) 5) text: Indiana seems skeptical as he kneels to study the shrine. of the pile of rocks, there is a carved niche.  The niche empty but an indentation indicates the conical shape of t that was stolen.
39) 6) dialog: Was the stone very smooth? (he sees the chieftain nod) It was probably brought here from a sacred river.
39) 8) dialog: And it had three lines painted across it? (seeing the shaman nod) The lines represent the three levels of the universe.  I've seen stones like the one you lost.
39) 12) dialog: But why would the Maharajah take this sacred stone?
39) 15) dialog: (translating) He says that when the sacred stone was taken the village wells dried up first and then the river stopped.
39) 17) dialog: (translating) He says their crops dies and then the animals died.
39) 19) dialog: (translating) And then they took their children.
39) 22) dialog: (translating) He says one night there was a fire in the fields.  The men went to fight it.  When they came back, they heard the women crying in the darkness.  And the children were gone.
39) 23) text: The shaman walks slowly toward Indiana.
39) 25) dialog: I'm sorry, I don't know how I can help you here.
39) 26) text: The shaman and the chieftain stare and Indiana, refusing that. INDIANA (Cont'd) The English authorities who con- trol this area are the only ones who can help you.
39) 28) dialog: I have friends in Delhi and I will make sure they investigate this...
39) 32) dialog: It was destined that I came here -- and the future cannot be changed...
41) 0) text: The wind swirls into the hut and Indiana's eyes open.  He still a moment and then sits up slowly.  He sees Short Ro sleeping nearby. Sensing something strange, Indy gets to his feet.  He ste around Short Round and goes to the door of the hut.
42) 0) text: Indy walks against the rising wind and looks around.  The is asleep and seems deserted.  Then he turns and sees som We follow small bare feet stumbling through the dust... Indy sees an emaciated child in rag running out of the da Indiana moves forward and the child runs toward him.  Ind the little boy as he falls into his arms.
43) 2) text: A mother rushes into the hut now and kneels and hugs her boy.  His skinny arms go around her as they are reunited. stands slowly and looks at what the little boy gave him - It is a small tattered piece of cloth:  an old fragment o ature painting.  Indiana looks at it with an expression o nition and apprehension...
43) 3) dialog: Sankara...
44) 0) text: The camera follows Indiana -- he's walking fast and deter ly.  Villagers trot alongside of him, trying to keep up w pace as he questions thm in Hindi. Indy approaches two large elephants and sees their guide trying to politely drag Willie toward one of them.
44) 1) dialog: Damn it , Willie, get on -- we've got to move out!
44) 6) dialog: Nope, you got a little surprise over there, Shorty.
44) 15) dialog: All right, let's go.  I want to get to Pankot before tomorrow night.
44) 16) text: She looks at Indiana as he rides past.
44) 18) text: Sajnu guides her elephant and Willie lurches forward -- WILLIE (Cont'd) (yelling)  Indiana!  Damn it!  Why'd you change your mind?  What did that kid tell you last night?!
46) 0) text: Indiana rides the lead elephant.  Sajnu passes on foot gu Willie's elephant.  With the tuxedo jacket wrapped around waist, Willie is dabbing perfume behind her ears.
47) 3) text: Indiana and Willie look up and see hundreds of enormous w creatures flapping across the afternoon sky.
47) 5) text: Sajnu says something and Indiana nods.
47) 6) dialog: Those aren't birds -- those are giant bats.
49) 3) dialog: I think maybe we'll camp here.
51) 0) text: Thirty yards upstream, birds and monkeys chatter in a tre the shady river beneath, Willie surfaces cooly and wipes from her eyes.  She hums contendedly. Indiana wanders up the riverbank in his dripping trousers notices Willie's wet clothes spread over a tree limb hang over the water and then he sees Willie paddling around.
51) 1) dialog: Hey, Willie -- I think you better get out now.
51) 3) dialog: Me seduce you?  Honey, you're the one who took your clothes off. (shrugging) I just came over to remind you that you never know what else might be in the water.
51) 5) text: As Indy turns and starts off, Willie reaches up to the tr branch above her head and grabs her underwear.  At this m notice something awful: A BOA CONSTRICTOR is moving out along the branch, the eno snake slithering over Willie's clothes. Willie watches Indiana walk away as she reaches up for he -- her hands feel something strange -- not the dress and tree limb -- Willie looks up and sees that she's pulling on a snake! S SCREAMS as the boa constrictor falls off the t-ee on top Indy hears the scream and hears Willie calling to him.  H back toward the river.  Stopping on the riverbank, he see backing away in the water -- Indiana's already starting t his boots off --
51) 7) dialog: Don't worry, I'm coming in!  What is it?
51) 9) text: Suddenly Indiana freezes and a strange look corsses his f
51) 10) dialog: A what...?
51) 13) dialog: Uh, listen -- Willie -- I got a better idea.
51) 15) dialog: First of all -- don't panic!
51) 19) dialog: Don't let it pull you deeper!
51) 21) dialog: Don't let it curl around you!
51) 25) dialog: Listen, Willie.  Do exactly what I tell you now.
51) 27) dialog: Can you move your arm?
51) 29) dialog: Okay, I want you to lift your hand -- and pet the snake.
51) 31) dialog: Yes, stroke it right along the maxillary and precaudal verte- brae.
51) 33) dialog: Pet it on the head!  Go on, pet it!
51) 36) dialog: Keep stroking it!
51) 37) text: Willie keeps rubbing her hand along the snakes head and b it slowly stops thrashing in the water. INDIANA (Cont'd) What's happening?
51) 39) dialog: That's good  -- you're doing fine.
51) 42) text: Indiana looks relieved.  He sees the snake starting to dr from Willie and she starts paddling back to shore, collec floating clothes along the way. Holding her dripping dress against herself, she walks out water toward Indy who smiles at her weakly.
51) 43) dialog: See -- I got you out...
51) 46) dialog: (looking at the water) I know the feeling...
52) 4) dialog: I met Short Round when he tried to pick my pocket.
52) 5) text: Indiana kneels and arranges the wood. INDIANA (Cont'd) Shorty's family was killed when they bombed Shanghai.  He was living on the streets.
52) 9) dialog: By the way, how'd you end up in Shanghai?
52) 12) dialog: What about the future?
52) 15) dialog: I'd like to find one of those myself.
52) 17) dialog: Yeah, but he's got to be dead and buried for a couple of thousand years. (smiling) Fortune and glory...
52) 19) dialog: Maybe...
52) 23) dialog: Something that kid gave me last night.  It's a piece of an old manuscript.
52) 24) text: Willie sees a crude drawing in reds, blue and gold. INDIANA (Cont'd) The drawing shows a priest named Sankara who lived centuries ago.
52) 26) dialog: It's Sanskrit.  It tells the story of Sankara climbing Mt. Kalisa where he met the Hindu god Shiva.
52) 28) dialog: Legend says he told Sankara to go forth and combat evil.  To do that he gave him five sacred stones that had magical powers.
52) 31) dialog: It could be.
52) 35) dialog: I think you should sleep closer. (seeing her sus- picious look) I meant for safety.
52) 40) dialog: Couldn't keep away, huh?
52) 42) text: Indiana watches her lie down and wrap herself in her blan then he rolls over and tips his hat down over his eyes to some well-deserved shut-eye. In a moment, however, we see something grotesque and snak slide into frame and move towards Indy -- finally, we rea it's an elephant's trunk.  The trunk nudges Indy's should
52) 43) dialog: (without looking) Still scared?  Okay, Willie, you can get closer if you want...
52) 45) dialog: Honey, I knew you'd be the first one to give in...
52) 46) text: Now, we see that Short Round is guiding the baby elephant with a prod.  Willie watches, stifling a laugh as the ele trunk sniffs Indiana's ear -- INDIANA (Cont'd) You're going to start something I'm going to have to finish. (moaning) Okay, doll, you asked for it.
52) 47) text: Indiana rolls over, lifts his hat and hollers!  He nearly out of his pants as he stares into the elephant's trunk. and Short Round dissolve into laughter.
53) 2) dialog: That's it.  Pankot Palace.
54) 0) text: Their Mayapore guide walks toward the camera and suddenly frightened.  He barks commands and the elephants stop.  I jumps down an joins the fearful guide. They stare at a small statue of a malevolent goddess with arms.  Around the goddess's neck, a carved necklace displ small human heads -- her eight hands hold other heads by hair. Indiana moves closer to the statue as the terrified guide away.  Indy is fascinated by the ritual objects adorning leaves, dead birds, rodents and turtles.  Indiana grimace lifts a necklace of real pierced human fingers...
54) 2) text: Indiana goes back and joins the scared, jabbering guide w helping Willie down from the elephant.  Short Round jumps
54) 4) dialog: Just a statue.
54) 8) dialog: He said he couldn't take us any farther.  He has to go sell the elephants.
55) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round hike up a rock-paved road beside wall.  Exhausted, carrying her high heels, Willie trudges behind them.
55) 2) text: Indiana finally stops.  He walks back to Willie, suddenly her us in his arms and starts carrying her the remaining Willie is surprised and puzzled.
55) 3) dialog: Any more complaints?
55) 6) dialog: It doesn't feel like there's been any permanent damage.
57) 0) text: Short Round and Willie follow Indiana through a dark arch a glittering courtyard.  The palace seems deserted and fo ing.
57) 1) dialog: Hello?...(hello?)...(hello?)
57) 6) dialog: (smiling evenly) Lost?  No, we're not lost.  We're on our way to Delhi.  This is Miss Scott -- and Mr. Round.  My name's Indiana Jones.
57) 16) dialog: We'd appreciate it if the Mahara- jah would let us stay tonight. We'll be on out way in the morn- ing.
57) 25) text: She hurried off with one of the servants toward her room. tar Lal smiles cooly at Indiana --
58) 0) text: An extraordinary gold dome rises in the middle of the ele gardens.  The Pleasure Pavilion is ablaze with torch ligh flickering candles and exotic music. Indiana comes out of the palace with Short Round.  Indy h tweed jacket and a nectie -- his university professor's o Short Round has been cleaned up, but still sports his bas cap. Willie joins them, looking stunning is a silk Western-sty gown.  She's also been loaned some Moghul jewelry which s on her neck and arms.
58) 1) dialog: You look like a princess.
59) 0) text: As they enter, Indiana gives a half-dressed dancing girl once-over as she spins to the music of drums and "vinhas"
59) 1) dialog: (smiling) I've always had a weakness for folk dancing.
59) 5) text: Blumburtt bows to Willie and Indiana. CHATTAR LAL (Cont'd) Captain Blumburtt and his troops are here to check up on the "natives".
59) 11) text: As Willie chatters on with the Prime Minister, Indiana wa off.  He moves to a wall where bronze statues and strange tional objects are displayed.
59) 13) dialog: No.  But I am interested in the occult.  And this is a krtya.
59) 14) text: Indiana picks up a small clay figurine and examines it.
59) 16) dialog: It's like the voodoo dolls of West Africa.  The kryta represents your enemy -- and gives you complete power over him.
59) 18) dialog: You think so?
59) 20) text: Indiana smiles at the somewhat pompous bureaucrat.
59) 21) dialog: You're hanging on better here than you did in America.
59) 23) text: Indiana puts the doll down and looks over at Chattar Lal Willie.
59) 24) dialog: The Prime Minister doesn't seem that naive.
59) 26) text: Indy and the Prime Minister exchange distant looks as Wil comes back over to Indiana.  She talks to him conspirator
59) 33) text: All eyes are on two solid silver doors which open -- and which now walks the MAHARAJAH ZALIM SINGH.  Everyone is b including Indiana and Willie, who looks amazed --
59) 35) dialog: Maybe he likes older women.
59) 36) text: Indeed, Zalim Singh is only thirteen.  Outfitted in silve gold brocade, festooned with enormous jewels, the litlle jah gazes imperiously at the bowing crowd -- and then gla Short Round. Indy sees Short Round chewing gum, staring antagonistical the Maharajah.  Indy pushes SHort Round into a bowing pos The Maharajah finally sits down on golden pillows.  He no his guests take their seats.  Indiana sees Willie's dream queendom have vanished.
59) 37) dialog: Cheer up, you lost your prince, but dinner's on the way.
59) 41) text: Seeing the meat being served, Indiana looks across the ta Blumburtt who seems equally puzzled.  Meanwhile, the litt rajah whispers to his Prime Minsiter.  Then Chattar Lal s the table --
59) 44) dialog: We are honored to be here.
59) 47) text: Meanwhile, Indiana is chatting poleitely with the Prime M
59) 48) dialog: I had a question, Mr. Prime Mini- ster.  I was examining some of the Maharajah's artifacts.
59) 50) dialog: Yes, very fine.  But not all of the pieces look old.  Some were carved recently and look like images used by the Thuggees to worship the god- des Kali.
59) 57) text: Meanwhile, Indiana continues to politely needle Chattar L
59) 58) dialog: I suppose stories of the Thuggees die hard.
59) 60) dialog: Well, I don't know... we came here from a small village and the peas- ants there told us that the Pankot Palace was growing powerful again -- becuase of some ancient evil.
59) 61) text: Indiana smiles and shrugs.
59) 63) dialog: (cooly)  Maybe.. but how do you explain The Thuggee shrine I saw right below the palace?
59) 73) dialog: You know the villagers also claimed that this palace stole something from them.
59) 75) dialog: Sorry, I thought we were just talking about folklore.
59) 77) dialog: Something magical.  A sacred rock.
59) 79) dialog: When they lost this rock their fields and animals dies.  They also said their children were taken from them.
59) 81) text: Indiana smiles faintly at Chattar Lal's anger.  Across th Willie looks pale and motions to the waiter.
59) 87) dialog: (to Chattar Lal) I was dubious muself at first. Then something connected -- the village's rock and the old legend of the Sankara Stones...
59) 89) dialog: (shrugging) The newspapers exaggerated the incident
59) 91) dialog: That was a misunderstanding.
59) 95) text: The Marahajah looks at Indiana. MAHARAJAH (Cont'd) I am ashamed of what happened here so many years ago.  We keep these objects -- to remind us that this will never again happen in my kingdom!
59) 96) dialog: (after a moment) I'm sorry if I've offended you.
61) 0) text: Hundreds of lanters illuminate the garden where after din drinks are served, cigars lighted and hookah pipes puffed Indiana comes out of the pavilion into the garden with Ca Blumburtt and they talk quietly.
61) 2) dialog: Even if they were trying to scare us away, a devout Hindu would never touch meat. (looking around) Makes you wonder what these people are...
61) 6) text: Short Round grabs for it, but Indiana restrains him.
61) 7) dialog: We're guests here, Shorty.
61) 11) dialog: You wish is my command, your Highness.
61) 12) text: While Short Round watches angrily, Indiana walks across t den and unfurls the whip.  Indy sees a servant lighting a Suddenly the whip flies and CRACKS like a pistol shot.  T candle disappears!  Indiana whirls and CRACKS the whip ag snagging a flower out of a dancing girl's hair. The Maharajah reacts like any kid -- he shoops happily.
61) 14) text: Short Round sulks as he listens to Indiana instructing th rajah on how to hold the whip.  As the young prince pract grip, Indy notices Chattar Lal slip behind a fountain to a dark figure in robes who appears. Indiana sees Chattar Lal bow to the dark figure -- and In catches a glimpse of the stranger's pale face and dark ho eyes.  Then the robled apparition seems to disappear. Meanwhile everyone watches respectfully as the Maharajah the whip for his first attempt.  He flings the whip but i back and snaps  -- biting his own  cheek. There's a stunned silence -- then Short Round laughs  at little prince who is holding his wounded cheek.  The ince rahajah suddenly flashes the whip as Short Round. Short Round grabs the end of it and pulls hard -- the whi tugged taut between the two hostile boys.  As they draw n other, Short Round sees something weird: The little Maharajah's eyes begin glowing yelloe and he h softly in a strange voice.  Nobody else sees or hears the transformation... Indiana finally intercedes -- he grabs Short Round by the
61) 15) dialog: Okay, Short Round, let go of it.
61) 16) text: Short Round lets go and Indy gently takes the whip back f little prince. INDIANA (Cont'd) The Turks say that a whip can be an enemy even to its owner.  If you get some rope, it'll be easier to learn with, your Highness. Now, I think we'll say goodnight.
62) 0) text: Short Round walks beside Indiana down the shadowy hall to their room.  Short Round has Indy's whip curled around hi der.  The little fellow yawns and shakes his head.
62) 2) dialog: You don't like him do you?
62) 4) dialog: No.
62) 7) dialog: He was afraid of you.  He knows a tough  guy when he sees one.
62) 10) dialog: I better see how Willie is.
62) 12) dialog: I brought you something.
62) 15) dialog: No -- real food.
62) 19) dialog: (smiling) Wearing your jewels to be, prin- cess?
62) 22) dialog: (shaking his head) I'm a scientist.  I like doing research on certain "nocturnal activities" --
62) 26) dialog: And mating customs...
62) 29) dialog: You're taling to an authority in that area.
62) 32) dialog: You want me so bad, why don't you invite me?
62) 34) dialog: I think you're too used to get- ting you own way, Willie...
62) 37) dialog: Don't catch cold.
62) 40) dialog: You're dreaming, Willie.  You want to make it real, just knock on my door.
65) 0) text: Indiana shrugs and walks over to a couch and starts takin his tweed jacket and necktie --
65) 1) dialog: Five minutes... fat chance.
67) 1) dialog: (muttering) ...want me to be her palace slave!
69) 2) dialog: Okay, Shorty ... see you in the morning...I'm going to have a little -- word with Willie.
69) 3) text: Indy finally shakes his head and gives in to his animal instincts.  He buttons his shirt, puts his boots back on grabs his leather jacket. As he puts on his jacket he walks past the life-sized pai armed gaurds standing in silent vigil.  Suddenly we see s frightening behind him:  one of the wall paintings sees t to life! A large figure in robes and a turban looms out from the w lifts a silk cord -- the figure wraps the cord suddenly a Indiana's neck! The huge assassin stands behind Indy, twisting the cord e tighter around his neck.  As Indy attempts to break free sees the assassin's face is a mirror -- and a strange yel light glowing in the killer's eyes.
71) 0) text: Indy shoves the assassin backwards, ramming the big man i wall.  The assassin maintains his deathgrip -- while on t chaise, Short Round sleeps through it all! Gasping futilely for air, Indy sinks slowly to his knees eyes bulge and he stares at the tiny, smiling skulls at t of the death-cord wrapped around the assassin's fists. Indiana sinks lower and then feels something -- desperate grabs a brass pot on the floor by the handle and swings i his last strength, smashing it up into the assassin's hea a skull-crushing clang! The assassin is stunned and Indiana curls forward pulling into a somersault and sening him flying over his back.  T assin crashes on his sping next to the chaise.  Short Rou doesn't wake up. Indiana rips the cord from around his neck and gasps for He sees the assassin pulling a knife.  Indiana dives as t flies through the air and slams into the wall. Indiana grabs his whip, rolls and lands on his feet.  As assin tries to retreat, Indy unleashes his whip -- it CRA wraps around the killer's neck. The big man struggles, pulling on the whip, trying to rel from his throat -- and Indiana holds fast, watching the k gasping for air now as his face turns red. Suddenly the assassin does a full-blown backward sommersa which rips the whip out of Indy's hand.  The assassin has stant to grin victoriously -- Until he sees that the whip handle is arching toward the where is gets caught on the revolving fan!  The surprised in it tugged upwards -- and the whip twists around the ce fan like fishing-line around a fishing-reel-- And like a doomed flounder, the assassin is slowly reeled dragged toward the ceiling, his toes lifting off the floo The assassin screams as he is hanged!  His legs twitch in his death throes -- and below him, Short Round finally wa Always Indiana's protector, Shorty instictively leaps off couch and draws a small dagger --
71) 3) dialog: It's okay, it's over -- go turn off the fan.
72) 0) text: In a tight close-up:  Willie screams again.  She's lying looking down at something -- Moving up her shapely leg, a green and black, monstrous-l insect crawls onto her stomach and Willie stops breather. bilized by fear, Willie watches in silent agony as the hi insect climbs slowly up her breast and slithers toward he Across the suite, the doors burst open and Indiana rushes Shorty is behind him, carrying Indy's whip.  Indiana leap stools and slides up to the bed to save WIllie -- Then he spots the giant insect crawling on her and decide have some fun.
72) 1) dialog: This a cheap trick to get me over here?
72) 4) dialog: What -- the bug?
72) 7) dialog: Gee, I wouldn't want to touch an ugly critter like that!
72) 11) dialog: (studying the bug) You know, Willie, I'll bet he's mad because they were eating his friends for dinner.
72) 13) text: Indiana shrugs and leans over and casually swats the horr off her face.  He and Short Round watch the insect skid a the floor -- and suddenly disappear as if by magic! Puzzled, they wander toward the wall, leaving Willie behi bathed in sweat, staring at the ceiling --
72) 17) text: Indiana knocks on the wall and considers the hollow sound moves back and looks at the whole wall.  Behind him, Will past --
72) 19) text: She dashes behind a screen to start getting dressed.  Mea Indy feels the marble walls.  He moves to a niche in whic is a small statue of Ganesha, the friendly elephant god. Indiana lifts the statue -- and a panel in the wall opens ly.  Short Round looks amazed.  Indy watches the light fa across the far wall of a tunnel as the door opens slowly. Indy peers into the tunnel at an old wall painting.  Spid skrit calligraphy runs under a flanking illustration of a bowing before a god.
72) 20) dialog: *(He reads aloud an inscription in Sanskrit).
72) 22) dialog: (translating) "Follow in the footsteps of Shiva.  Do not betray his truth."
72) 24) dialog: *(He repeats aloud the inscrip- tion also written on the cloth)
72) 29) dialog: Lock your door and don't leave until we get back.
73) 4) dialog: You're right, there's something all over the floor...
73) 5) text: Even Short Round has to duck and Indy finally kneels to h hands and knees. INDIANA (Cont'd) We'll have to crawl.
73) 8) text: Indiana gets a match out of his pocket.  He snaps it with thumb and the match flares -- a hideous insectarium: a li collection of the world's ugliest antropods, hexapods and nids.
73) 10) text: Indiana turns and sees something else --
73) 11) dialog: There's a chamber here.  Come on --
74) 0) text: Indiana lights a match and finds another oil lamp.  He an Round look for a way to open the door that closed behind but they have no luck.
74) 1) dialog: Damn!
75) 0) text: Back in the suite, Willie stands by the entrance to the s passage, peering into the dark tunnel -- WILLIE (Cont'd) Indiana Jones?!  Are you in there?!
76) 1) dialog: Yes, we're in here...
76) 5) text: Shorty points up and Indiana sees more spikes descending ceiling!  Indy turns toward the door and shouts --
76) 6) dialog: Uh -- Willie?! (louder) Willie, you better get down here!
77) 2) dialog: Willie, come here!  Hurry up, we're in trouble!!
78) 1) dialog: Willie, damn it!  Get down here, NOW
80) 1) dialog: WILLIE?!
81) 1) dialog: Move, Willie!  Faster!
82) 6) dialog: Willie, open the door!  GET US OUT OF HERE!
83) 1) dialog: GET US OUT!  Willie, shut up and listen!  There's got to be a ful- crum release!  Look around!
84) 1) dialog: A fulcrum release lever!
85) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round are backed against the wall and t spikes are a foot away and moving in --
85) 1) dialog: Look around, Willie!  There's got to be a liever hidden somewhere!  Come on, you can do it!
86) 2) dialog: That's it -- the release lever -- look inside!
86) 5) dialog: Reach inside!
87) 0) text: Indiana turns his head sideways and sucks in his breath, deadly spikes are poking into his leater jacket now --
87) 1) dialog: The lever!  Willie, do it!  NOW!
88) 2) dialog: Willie!
91) 3) text: She sees the same lever that Short Round pulled earlier a for it.  Indiana dives and manages to stop her from activ the spikes agian.
91) 4) dialog: Not that one!  We had enought of that one, thank you...
92) 0) text: Indiana, Short Round and Willie exit the spike chamber an down a larger tunnel through which a roaring wind intermi blows, howling eerily like a note of gloomy music. Indiana follows a curve in the tunnel and they see light The wind holws another dramatic note which gales past the they reach the mouth of the tunnel. Indiana is joined by Willie and Short Round.  They all st astonishment at the sight below them:
94) 0) text: The moaning wind rushes past Indiana, Willie and Short Ro they watch the mystery cult below bowing toward an enormo at the far end of the temple. This altar is a platform jutting out from the stone wall cavern.  Separating the worshippers from this altar is a crevasse out of which wisps of smoke rise occasionally.
96) 2) dialog: It's a Thuggee ceremony.  They're whorshipping Kali, the goddess of Death and Destruction.
98) 2) dialog: No...the heart's still beating!
106) 2) dialog: Quiet!
108) 1) dialog: The village knew their rock was magic -- but they didn't know it was one of the lost Sankara Stones...
108) 3) dialog: Legend says that when the stones are brought together the diamonds inside of them will glow.
110) 0) text: Indiana sees the woshippers below start to leave the temp looks at Willie and Short Round.
110) 1) dialog: Okay -- now listen -- you wait here and keep quiet.  Shorty, keep an eye on her.
110) 2) text: Short Round nods and hands Indy his bullwhip and shoulder Willie sees Indiana peering down at the sheer drop below mouth of the wind tunnel.
110) 4) dialog: I'm going down.
110) 6) dialog: I'm not leaving without those stones.
110) 8) dialog: (looking at her) Maybe...someday. (smiling) Not today.
110) 10) text: Indiana nods and looks down at the now empty temple.  The slips down from the mouth of the wind tunnel.
111) 0) text: Indiana skillfully clumbs down an enormous tmeple column ing footholds on stone cobras, carved lions and the stone of dancing girls.  Slowly, he makes his way down and swin a balcony.
112) 0) text: Indiana walks quietly along the balcony overlooking the t He stops -- between him and the altar is the crevasse wit lava bubbling fire at the bottom. Indiana looks across the gulf and sees another column nea altar at the top of which stone elephants are perched.  I curls his whip and suddenly lets it fly -- The whip cracks and its end wraps tightly around the tusk of the stone elephants.  From the balcony, Indy tugs the taut, takes a breath and runs --
113) 0) text: Indiana leaps and swings out on the whip, arching down an over the chasm of fiery lava in a spectacular curving jum
114) 0) text: Indy lands on his feet and turns to release the whip.  Sh Round waves to Indy that the coast is clear.  Indy snaps -- it releases from the elephant tusk and drops. Recurling the whip, Indy attaches it to his belt and move ward the towering statue of Kali.  The three Sankara ston to glow and Indiana approaches them cautiously. Reaching the stones, Indy's face is lighted by them.  He that one of them (sthe stone from Mayapore village) has s lines painted across it. Suspiciously, Indy touches the stone, but it doesn't burn lifts it carefully and peers into it.  The enormous diamo sparkles inside.  He places the stone in his shoulder bag reaches for the others.
115) 0) text: Short Round and Willie watch apprehensively as Indiana ba three stones.
116) 0) text: Indiana backs away and looks up at the horrific statue of It seems to be watching him.  He turns and is about to go hears something -- It sounds like a voice and Indy is afraid to turn -- coul Kali?  The he hears other noises echoing and turns slowly alizing the sounds are coming from behind the altar, Indy around it toward the back.
117) 0) text: Short Round and Willie are mystified as they see Indiana pear behind the altar.
118) 0) text: Indiana enters the dark chamber behind the altar.  The on lumination is the back-light streaming around the silhoue statue of Kali. Indy slowly crosses a narrow stone bridge and moves towar lindrical shaft of light rising up from what appears to b enormous hole. Indy hears voices and the clink of metal against rock as tinues forward.  The ground is dark in front of the large He edges toward the precipice and the light rising up ill the look of shock on his face as he peers down into Hell.
119) 0) text: Indy looks into a deep pit around which concentric paths into numerous narrow tunnels.  Crawling out of these burr scrawny children drag sacks of dirt and rock.  Other holl children pull these sacks to mine cars waiting on rails. Straining to lift the rocks into the mine cars, several o children slip and fall.  Bare-chested Thuggee guards shou enslaves children and kick those who've fallen. For these children there would seem to be only one hope - -- an end to their travail. Indiana edges around the hole, looking into the ghastly m feeling as if he's discovered an inferno of misery as gro as Dante's. Indy shifts the bag of stones on his shoulder.  He hesita considers his choice:  he has the Sankara Stones and can with them now... But Indy hears the pleading cries of one child and peers see a burly Thuggee guard beating the pitiful little slav gets angrier and angrier as he watches. He finally steps over the grabs a boulder.  He lifts it a flings it down into the mine --
120) 0) text: We see Indiana above and the boulder hurtling down -- it onto the head of the Thuggee guard who hits the ground li sack of cement!
122) 0) text: Indiana's yell continues to echo -- his head jerks sudden Indy jolts awake as if coming out of a nightmare, awakene own reverberating shout. Indy is lying on the rocky floor of a dark cave/cell.  He his hands and discovers that they are chained.  In the mu light, he sees Short Round sitting in chains across the c
122) 2) text: Indiana nods groggily.  He sees a young slave worker in r ting near Short Round.  Through the iron bars of the cell sees the children slaving in the mine tunnels.
122) 4) dialog: Why?
122) 10) dialog: What is that?
123) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round are pushed down a tunnel by guard are stopped at a door and shoved inside.
124) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round stumble into the chamber.  It is fying gallery of occult yantras, ritualistic statues and icons of the evil Thuggee sect. Grotesque statues of Kali's baleful minions line the wall corner, there is another statue of Kali herself, draped w flowers, necklaces of real human skills and slithering be live snakes. Fresh blood has been splashed over the statue and at its the three Sankara Stones recovered from Indiana.  Mola Ra in a yoga position near the statue of Kali. Mola Ram opens his eyes and he sees Indiana and Short Rou standing in chains before him.
124) 2) dialog: (shrugging) Nobody's perfect.  The way I heard it, you stole one of them from a small village.
124) 5) dialog: Two are still missing.
124) 7) dialog: That's what you've got these chil- dren -- these slaves digging for?
124) 9) dialog: Nobody can say you don't have a vivid imagination.
124) 14) text: Now the young initiate comes forward and Indiana looks st it's Nainsukh.  He is wearing robes and his eyes are glow strangely.  Nainsukh hands Mola Ram a hollow human skull blood! The guards hold Indiana's head back and force his mouth o Mola Ram tips the skull and blood spills out of its death grinning jaws and flows into Indiana's mouth.  Indy gags Suddenly he spits the blood, spraying Mola Ram and the li Maharajah.  Looking at his blood-splattered clothes, the jah is furious.
124) 21) text: The little Maharajah whirls and lashes the whip again.  I jerks as the bullwhip rips through his shirt and tears op flesh.  The Maharajah lashes again and again -- blood spu across Indy's tattered shirt. As the whipping continues- Short Round jumps as if he is ing beaten.  His eyes fill with tears as he watches Indy Finally, the little Maharajah lets the whip fall limp.  A Maharajah approaches Indy, Short Round lunges as him angr the guards restrain him. Indiana groans as he's turned over.  Blood trickles from mouth and he stares up hatefully at Mola Ram.
127) 0) text: She leads them into her suite.  Willie points to the dark in the wall.  Blumburtt picks up an oil lamp and holds it the opening -- suddenly he jumps back as Indiana emerges!
127) 1) dialog: (smiling faintly) What're we playing, hid and seek?
127) 5) dialog: It's okay.  You're all right now.
127) 8) dialog: Hey, I thought you were supposed to be a real tropper.  Willie?
127) 11) dialog: You've got to go to sleep now.
127) 13) dialog: I don't blame you... this hasn't been what you'd call a fun vaca- tion...
128) 1) dialog: I've spent by life crawling around in caves and tunnels -- I shouldn't have let somebody like Willie go in there with me.
128) 3) dialog: When she saw the insects she passed out cold.  I carried her back to her room.  She was sleeping when I re-entered the tunnel to look around.
128) 5) text: Indiana looks at him and nods.
128) 6) dialog: Then she must have run out of the room and you found her.
128) 8) text: Indiana stares into the rising sun.
128) 9) dialog: Nothing.  Just a dead end.  That tunnel's been deserted for years.
128) 14) dialog: Thanks, but I don't think Willie is ready to travel yet.
130) 0) text: The whine of the bagpipes is eerily muted in the dark roo Through the gently swaying mosquito netting, we see Willi on the bed. Then through her side of the gauzy netting, we see the do opening across the room.  Indiana enters quietly and move the bed, his eyes fixed on Willie's sleeping body. Indy sits down on the bed slowly.  Willie turns in her sl opens her eyes.  Through the mosquito netting she sees In ting with his back to her.
130) 2) dialog: Yes.
130) 4) dialog: Yes, they believe you.
130) 5) text: Indiana speaks in a strange monotone.
130) 7) text: Willie looks at Indiana's back and continues quietly. WILLIE (Cont'd) I was scared to death last night when I thought they were going to kill you.
130) 8) dialog: No... they won't kill me.
130) 10) text: Now Indiana starts to turn slowly.
130) 11) dialog: You won't lose me, Willie...
130) 13) dialog: No!  I've found it -- you can't -- Kali knows!
130) 14) text: Willie tries the door but it's locked.  She sees Indiana toward her ranting incoherently as he smashes a vase out way --
130) 15) dialog: -- been too many lies -- there's no god's heaven -- just -- the horror! I've seen it -- life preying on life!
130) 16) text: Willie cowers in a corner, horrified by the transformatio sees in Indiana.  Shouting and pacing Indy holds his head the pain of his terrible thoughts --
130) 17) dialog: -- rivers -- destroying mountains -- a comet in space -- exploding! (holding his head)   Aaahh! -- the screams -- pitiful people -- their pain -- the hate -- and greed -- always greed!
130) 18) text: The light throws his shadow over Willie -- a giant shadow ing back and forth over her as she cries in the corner, u fight the evil devouring Indiana.
130) 19) dialog: -- but I've found -- Kali's touch! Death -- no more lies -- the death I've been searching for! (shouting) Quit crying!  She can hear you -- Kali knows fear -- don't you under- stand -- Kali is freedom!
130) 20) text: Indiana stops pacing and Willie freezes in terror.  Now a yellow light wipes across the room.  Indiana turns and wa silently as two Thuggee guards emerge from a secret doorw that's opened -- The shadows of the Thuggee guards loom over Willie and sh SCREAMS again!
132) 0) text: And once again the three sacred Sankara Stones glow magic Mola Ram materializes evilly amidst the swirling smoke an begins chanting in Sanskrit. Beside the altar, half-clad female acolytes pass in front robed priests -- with their fingers the women paint two w lines across the priests' foreheads. An acolyte moves in front of Chattar Lal -- the Prime Min now dressed in robes.  As the devotional markings are pai his forehead, Chattar Lal translates the High Priest's sp Indiana who stands next to him.
132) 2) dialog: Yes, I understand.
132) 3) text: Indiana bows his head to receive the mystical markings. tens to Mola Ram's rantings -- Indy's eyes are ominously as he stares up at the hideous statue of Kali.
135) 0) text: Chattar Lal watches Indiana staring hypnotically at the H Priest as he speaks --
135) 2) dialog: Kali Ma protects us now and for- ever, and we must pledge our devotion by worshipping her with an offering of flesh and blood!
135) 3) text: Suddenly htere is a heart-rending scream of terror and th priests draf forward the next sacrificial victim -- Indiana's glowing eyes watch emotionlessly as Willie is b out. Dressed in a Rajput maiden's outfit, Willie has been ed and draped with flowers -- a strange contrast as she s desperately.
135) 7) text: Willie is shocked seeing that Indiana remains impassive a caring as she's dragged to her death.
135) 9) text: Indiana looks away from Willie's terrified face and stare adoringly at the monstrous statue of his goddess Kali.
137) 0) text: Up in the temple, Willie continues to struggle as her leg strapped to the iron sacrifical frame.  Chattar Lal grabs hand and ties it down.  Willie's free hand reaches out im ly toward Indiana --
137) 3) text: Willie cries is disbelief as Indiana calmly betrays her.
138) 0) text: Short Round races up a tunnel and then flattens himself b corner.  He peers anxiously into a large carven and sees guards walking away. When the coast is clear, Short Round darts across the cav long wooden ladder tilted up against a wall.  Short Round up the high ladder and sees a kid with a sack of rocks de from a burrow-hole half-way up the wall. The exhausted kid nearly collapses at the bottom -- then seeing Short Round.  Shorty motions for him to keep quiet Amaxed, the kid watches Short Round scramble up the ladde Shorty continues until he is high above the floor. Dirty faces stare out of the high burrow as Short Round s climbing.  The kids are astonished as Short Round suddenl and kicks the ladder away from the wall! The high ladder falls in an arc and what seem like sure s slowly resembles a mini-Indiana Junes stunt as Short Roun to the other side of the falling ladder -- Short Round holds on for dear life as the ladder crashes the opposite cavern wall -- giving Short Round access to roof-hole that leads up to the temple! Short Round scurries up the ladder and pulls himself up i chamber behind the altar.  He looks at the light flaring the statue of Kali --
140) 0) text: Short Round dashes across the dark chamber behind the alt peers out and sees Willie disappearing into the crewasse! sees Indiana watching impassively --
141) 0) text: Short Round suddenly darts out onto the altar and Mola Ra him and yells.  Several priests grab for Shorty.  He elud first priest, smashes the second in the stomach with his and runs like a little quarterback toward the fiery torch Short Round snatches the torch from the wall and charges Indiana.  Seeing him coming, Indy's eyes start glowing ye when Short Round runs up to him, Indiana suddenly swings backhands the little guy brutally across the face! The torch flies out of Shorty's hand as he's knocked agai wall by Indy's vicious blow -- Short Round wipes a little from his chin and stares at his hero in wounded disbelief Chattar Lal watches approvingly -- a priest moves toward Chattar Lal looks back toward the crevasse -- Willie hangs on the lowering frame, heat waves rising up scald her skin and she chokes as the sulphuric air burns lungs! Meanwhile Short Round is crawling backwards across the fl a look of terror on his face -- Indiana stalks him, hissi snarling, his eyes lgowing -- Short Round springs to his feet and tries to run -- Indy him and pulls him -- Shorty's hand grabs for another wall and just manages to yank it free! Indiana spins Short Round and clutches his throat.  As In strangles him, Short Round struggles and finally jams the into Indy's side.  The fiery torch burns Indy, smoking as sears his flesh, and he yells in pain.
141) 2) text: Indiana writhes in pain and Short Round sees the evil yel in Indy's eyes getting dimmer and finally going out.  Now seems like theold Indiana staring at him -- SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) Indy, you back?
141) 4) dialog: No!  Give him to me!
141) 7) text: He sets Short Round down on the brink of the crevasse an from doom.  Shorty looks down at the lava and is terrifie Indiana finally flahses him a quick smile and winks! Then Indiana whirls and punches the priest in the face! Round cheers, realizing that Indiana is back. SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) We got to help Willie!
141) 8) text: Indiana springs into action, stopping another priest with punch in the stomach.  Then he rushes over to the crankwh pulley platform.  Indy jumps onto it, yanking one priest spills onto the floor. A second priest, who works the controls lowering the sacr frame, sees Indy and releases the crankwheel -- Down in the crevasse, Willie screams as the iron frame su plummets toward the fulminating lava! On the platform, the priest lunges at Indiana -- Indy use man's own momentum to throw him over his head.  Indy then for the crankwheel and manages to stop it -- Down in the crevasse, the fram jolts to a stop only yards the spumes of fiery lava.  The heat is so intense now tha lie's clothes start smoking and she passes out... On the platform above, Indiana cranks furiously, raising crificial frame.
143) 0) text: Mola Ram shouts at his priests and another one of them ru ward Indy on the platform.  Short Round dives and tackles priest. Chattar Lal finally leaps onto the crankwheel platform an sees him pull a dagger.  He slashes at Indiana and Indy h let go of the crankwheel -- the gears scream and the chai screech! Below in the crevasse, the iron frame plunges again towar crimson lava! On the platform, Indy hears the frame lowering and looks icked.  Chattar Lal slahses again with the dagger -- keep away from the cogwheel mechanism -- Indy suddenly kicks the dagger from Chattar Lal's hand sl in the stomach and dives toward the cogwheel mechanism. a iron rod and throws it into the gears -- the gears mangle the iron rod but finally grind to a stop ana grabs the crankwheel and starts winding it up furious Meanwhile, Short Round jumps onto the platform with Indy grabs a long wrench.  He starts swinging the wrench, keep last priests off the platfrom. The sacrificial frame finally rises up into view and Indi grabs it and swings it over onto the platform.  He looks lie anxiously as he releases her bindings -- Willie moans and moves her head.  Indy pulls her off the and she starts coughing.  Gasping for breath, Willie ervi fresh air flows into her lungs. Finally Willie opens her eyes and she sees Indiana.  Then notices something else and manages to cry out hoarsely --
143) 2) text: Chattar Lal grabs a pistol from an unconscious guard and whirls to see him pointing it -- Indy kicks the gun from and suddenly Chattar Lal starts shouting in a terrifying Chattar Lal's eyes glow as he lunges suicidally at Indian tempting to take Indy with him as he dives from the platf Crashing into Indy, Chattar Lal knocks both of them back sacrificial frame which swings out over the crevasse -- Indy manages to dive off the frame just in time.  He grab of the platform as the crankwheel screams and the frame f Looking up from the depths of the crevasse, we see the fr Chattar Lal on it plummeting downward into the sulphurous The frame finally crashes, splashing into the molten lava Chattar Lal's body explodes inot flame friefly -- his fle broiled off in an instant -- we glimpse a skeleton moment and then all is consumed and obliterated by the blazing l scramble over to Short Round who jumps off the platform a follow him across the altar. Indy sees Mola Ram quickly collecting the sacred Sankara Indiana rushes over and spins Mola Ram around -- He slugs the High Priest in the face and Mola Ram keels o backwards against the statue of Kali.  Short Round helps the Sankara Stones into Indiana's shoulder bag.
144) 0) text: Short Round, Willie and Indiana rush across the chamber b the altar.  They run over to the ladder and start climbin into the mines.
145) 0) text: Willie follows Short Round.  Indiana jumps down last and the ladder away, letting it crash to the floor so they wo followed. They draw the attention of the slave children working in nels around the cavern.  But it's the sight of the approa guard that worries Indy --
145) 1) dialog: Come on, quick!
145) 4) text: Indiana looks around at the silent, frightened children w stopped working in the tunnel and his anger darkens --
145) 5) dialog: We're going to get them out of here -- !
145) 6) text: Then he looks at the bag holding the Sankara Stones and g still more determined -- INDIANA (Cont'd) And then we're going to get these out of here -- ! (seething) And somehow I'm going to see this place destroyed.
146) 1) dialog: Ah, sir?  Excuse me --
146) 2) text: The guard turns and looks amazed to see Indy smiling at h the mouth of the tunnel. INDIANA (Cont'd) Listen, I'm from the union and I'd like to talk about the working conditions here.  Could you step inside a minute?
147) 0) text: Willie flattens against the wall as Indiana catapaults th guard past her back into the mine where he's set upon bu of rebellious slave children. The kids swarm over the guard like jackalas and we see Sh pull a key from the struggling guard's robe.
149) 0) text: On the altar, under the statue of Kali, Willie and Short are helping Indy and some of the bigger children rip down long wooden panel decorated with hideous Kali figures. The childrens' escape is blocked by the chasm separating altar from the deserted sorshippers' area of the temple. swelling crowds of children push and teeter dangerously o edge of the fire pit. Indiana and the others carry the wooden panel through the toward the chasm.  They stand it up and when Indy gives t they drop it -- The panel crashes across the chasm forming a plank across the children now begin running to safety.
151) 1) dialog: No, wait!
151) 4) dialog: There's got to be another way out.
152) 0) text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round run through the deserted tunnels.  They hear a rumbling noise and Indy leads them side tunnel.  They stop and peer into a quarry.
153) 0) text: A large cavern is the depository for the mine cars rollin with loads of rock.  Emaciated children (still unaware of volt and the other childrens' escape) break their backs s the heavily-loaded mine cars. Thuggee guards supervise the deadening work, while others ate the pulley-and-hoist system used to drag  the cars up sloped dump ramp. Behind this operation, a thunderous waterfall cascades in huge cistern.  From there, chutes deply the rushing water power the large conveyor belt below it. As the cars rise up the ramp, they tip and spill rocks on conveyor belt which carries them toward an awesome stone that rolls relentlessly , crushing the rocks into sand. From the side tunnel, Indiana watches the noisy operation
153) 1) dialog: Those empty cars have got to go out of the mines.
153) 2) text: Willie and Short Round watch the children push the empty cars.  The cars gain momentum and roll away down two dark nels. INDIANA (Cont'd) Come on, let's see if we can catch a ride...
153) 3) text: Tey duck out of the tunnel and run for cover behind a sla Loaded mine cars roaring down from the mines hurtle past crash to a stop against the cars in front. INDIANA (Cont'd) Okay, Shorty -- go!
153) 6) dialog: Go!
153) 7) text: After another car crashes past, Indy shoves her.  Willie -- her shoe gets stuck and she freezes in the tracks!  Wi sees a rock-filled car blasting down out of a tunnel dire toward her! Indiana dives, knocking Willie safely to the ground on th side of the tracks -- the heavy car hurtles past and cras the cars in front. Indy pulls Willie behind a massive wooden post holding up dump ramp and they hide from a passing gaurd.
153) 8) dialog: We've got to get across to the empty cars.  Wait here until I signal you.
153) 10) dialog: Come on!
153) 11) text: Willie and Short Round see a guard coming up the steps on other side of the platform.  As the man rises he gets tal taller -- until they see it's a Thuggee giant coming up b Indiana. INDIANA (Cont'd) Come one, what's wrong?
153) 13) text: Indiana turns and looks into the bare chest of the seven- tall guard.  Indy has to look up to see the man's mean-lo face.
153) 14) dialog: I see the problem...
153) 15) text: Indiana suddenly punches the giant in the stomach -- the does not flinch, he just belches rudely. Indiana growls and winds up to take a killer swing -- he back, cocks his arm -- and suddenly turns and runs away. No dummy, Indy dashes over and picks up a piece of wood. giant starts toward him.  Indy drops the wood and looks a for a much larger piece of wood. As the giant stalks toward him, Indiana raises the large lumber -- Indy suddenly groans, drops the wood and clutch stomach.  Willie and Short Round looks startled --
153) 17) text: Short Round shakes his head.  They see Indy recover from spasm as the giant rushes him.  Indy jumps aside, landing loaded mine car that is passing by. The car is being dragged up the dump ramp and the giant j onto it after Indiana.  Indy quickly grabs a rock and, as giant rushes him, Indy smashes the rock against the big m skull! Unfortunately, it's the rock that shatters and not the sk Indy dives to the other end of the mine car and lifts a l boulder. Suddenly Indy drops the boulder and grabs him arm, feelin shooting pain again.  Then he yells as he feels yet anoth bing pain in his left leg.
153) 21) text: Near the waterfall, Short Round ascends on the rising buc chain.  Up on the balcony, the little Maharajah chuckles he watches Indiana on the conveyor belt -- The Maharajah lifts the clay doll and viciously jabs the the back of it! On te conveyor, Indiana gets to his feet and then yells a stabbing pain lacerates his back!  He falls and writhed h ly as the giant staggers up the rocky conveyor belt towar Willie shoves the mine car forward.  She sees Indy's desp situation as he's pulled along the conveyor toward the ro crusher!
153) 23) text: She looks up and sees Short Round leap from the bucket-ch the balcony.  The little Maharajah's eyes glow fiendishly lifts the clay doll -- and jabs the pin into the doll's f On the conveyor belt, Indy yells agonizingly and clutches stabbed face!  Behind him, rocks explode as they're crush pulverized by the mammoth roller. In front of Indy, the Thuggee giant grabs a pick-axe as t veyor slides past a tool bin.  The giant approaches Indy Short Round dashes across the balcny and tackles the Maha They fall and fight like mortal enemies.  Short Round see little Maharajah's eyes glowing as he punches him in the Only a few feet away from the rock-smashing roller, Indy on his back on the conveyor belt, thrashing in pain, feel Maharajah's pin piercing his face.  The giant raises the above his head and it about to split Indiana in two! On the balcony, the Maharajah drops the doll and Short Ro dives for it -- he grabs the clay doll and pulls out the On the conveyor belt, Indiana is suddenly released from t and looks up to see the giant swinging the pick-axe.  Ind aside at the last minute! The pick-axe cleaves into the conveyor belt and the giant forward -- Indy gives him a helpful kick, sending the gia flying toward the rock-crusher as Indy jumps off the conv belt! Seeing the huge roller looming in front of him, the giant desperately against the movement of the conveyor belt -- gets snagged! The sash around his waist gets caught under the rolling c and he's dragged back under it feet first.  The Thuggee g screams hideously as his body is rolled over and squashed enormous stone wheel! On the balcony, Short Round is jabbing the pin into the s little Maharajah.  The little pricne's eyes still glow ye he hollers --
153) 43) text: Across the quarry, Mola Ram and six temple guards run out high platform next to the waterfall.  Mola Ram sees Willi Short Round pushing the mine cat. Mola Ram shouts to his men -- two of them pull pistols an fire! Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Short Round shoves to the far side of the car where they both take cover. Meanwhile, up on a catwalk, a guard slices a sword throug air and Indiana ducks!  The sword slashes into a wooden r and the guard tries frantically to pull it out -- Indiana slams kis knee up into the guard's stomach and th smashes his fist down on his neck -- the man collapses. hears more gunfire. Indiana rushes along the catwalk toward the platform abov edges against the wall below the platform, staying out of as he unfurls his whip. One of Mola Ram's guards fires again from the high platfo Indiana lashes the whip -- the whip wraps around the gunm arm and Indy yanks on it -- The gunman topples through the air and crashes down onto walk.  Indy grabs the gun.  He kicks the guard off the ca and the man falls into the waterfall pool. As the other guards fire down at him, Indiana dodges alon catwalk and fires back at them.  A bullet explodes near M and he ducks back -- Meanwhile, Short Round and Willie have the mine car rolli they jump into it --
153) 45) text: Indiana spots the rolling mine car racing across the quar takes off and runs along the catwalk -- bullets explode a him, splintering wood.  Indy reaches the end of the catwa Suddenly he dives into the air and catches hold of a bloc tacke!  Indy skids along the pulley system, sliding down toward the mine car in which Short Round and Willie are r Bullets whiz past as Indiana sails in the air above the s mine car - when they are in sync, Indy lets go and drops mine car next to Willie and Short Round! Mola Ram rushes forward and watches the speeding mine car down the track toward the tunnels --
153) 47) text: In the speeding  mine car, Indy sees the tracks separatin directions -- one back into the quarry, the other toward nels that lead out of the mines. Indiana lifts a shovel from the floor of the car and swin just in time -- he hits a switch which CLANGS as they spe and the car is shunted tipsy-turvy onto the track toward tunnels. Willie hangs on as the car tears down the track toward th on the right -- and Short Round looks worried --
154) 0) text: The wind rushes past Indiana as the car descends into the and picks up speed.  Willie hangs on with Short Round -- car roars around a curve and flies fater along the rails.
157) 1) dialog: Come here and take the brake!
157) 2) text: Short ROund scurries forward and grabs the brake from Ind INDIANA (Cont'd) Slow on the curves or we'll fly off the tracks!
159) 0) text: Indiana is crouched in the back of the zooming mine bar b away with the pistol he captured in the quarry. A gunman in the car behind returns his fire, the explosio lighting up the tunnle walls. Indy aims and fires again -- the gunman is hit and knocke in the car.  Another guard with a Khyber rifle moves up t front and starts firing. Meanwhile, as the car goes into a hard turn, Short Round the brake -- beneath the car we see the brake-pad scrapin metal wheel. The tunnel gets lower and Indy has to duck under each bea over and can only pop up to fire between the low beams. The rifleman in the car behind is relading.  Then he lift rifle -- Indy pops up simultaneously and shoots! The gunman is hit, his rifle flies up and his head smashe against the beam hurtling above!  Screaming horribly, the is knocked from the speeding car like a broken doll.
161) 0) text: Indiana runs out of bullets.  He sees the car behind gett closer.  He tosses the pistol and hits a Thuggee in the h Another Thuggee retrieves Indy's pistol and starts reload Suddenly Indy is being shot at by his own gun and he yell Short Round
161) 1) dialog: Let up on the brake!
161) 4) dialog: Let her go!  Our only chance is outrunning them!
161) 11) dialog: Get over on the other side!
161) 13) dialog: One down, one to go!
163) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round heft a railroad tie out of th bot the car and Willie watches them lift it onto the back -- As gunfire continues to explode from the car behind them, and Short ROund shove the railroad tie off the back of th The wooden railroad tie falls and bounces back across the The gunmen in the car behind spit it and yell in panic -- Indy and Willie watch the car behind crash into the railr -- but the tie just skids, catches and bounces up and out way like a huge tumbling matchstick!
163) 2) dialog: Yeah -- this time you're gonna help!
165) 1) dialog: Okay  -- one -- two -- NOW!
165) 3) dialog: Okay, Shorty, hit the brakes!
165) 6) text: Indy sees Short Round holding up the broken brake lever! crawls quickly toward Shorty while Willie holds on for de Completely out of control, the car hurtles down a decline section where the tunnel if larger again -- Indiana bends over the front of the car and looks underne sees the brake tension hanging loose from the brake-pad. pulls himself back up and looks at Willie and Short Round
165) 7) dialog: Grab onto me -- I'm going to try and slow us down from underneath!
165) 11) dialog: What's wrong?
165) 13) dialog: Ouch...
165) 14) text: Willie looks faint as Indiana gets to his feet and Shorty out of the car.  They help Willie out and she stands shak
165) 16) text: Indiana sees that the tunnel ahead continues without any tracks.  Then they hear something -- A strange rumbling sound echoing down the tunnel from beh them.  The walls seem to reverberate.  Looking worried, t start walking away down the tunnel. They walk faster as the noise behind them becomes louder keep glancing over their shoulders --
165) 18) text: Indiana isn't sure and he pulls Willie by the arm and all them start jogging. The rumbling behind them sounds increasingly ominous and they start running full tilt.  They rush down the tunnel awful noise becomes defening!  Willie looks around again slows suddenly -- Willie stops dead in her tracks -- paralyzed -- awestruck
165) 21) text: Indiana and Short Round notice that Willie's sloed and th running -- they also see the cataclysm of water crashing tunnel toward them. Indy runs back and grabs Willie.  All three of them take running faster than they've ever run in their lives! The tidal wave smashes forward, booming behind them and I realizes quickly that they're going to lose this race.  S he sees a small side-tunnel in a bend ahead --
165) 22) dialog: There!  Dive!
165) 23) text: They lunge toward the hole and Short Round dives in it fi Indiana shoves Willie into the hole and jumps in after he as the colossal tidal wave explodes  past!
167) 1) dialog: Lucky I found a short cut.  Look, there's a light at the end of the tunnel...
168) 0) text: The tunnel exits midway up a cliff and the three totter p ously on the brink looking down at a 300 foot sheer drop a gorge below! Indiana swings Willie onto a narrow ledge on one side and Short Round after her -- he jumps himself to the other si as the tidal wave crashes past them! The water bursts out of the tunnel -- the gusher spews fo the cliffside into the air as if Hoover Dam just broke lo Short Round and Willie balance on the narrow ledge on one the geyser -- Indy is perches on the ledge on the other s the incredible eruption of water. Willie gets vertigo looking down into the gorge where the crashes at the bottom.  There crocodiles are disturbed an slither angrily. Indy looks up and sees a rope bridge swinging about twent above Willie and Short Round.  Indy shouts across the bla water --
168) 1) dialog: Willie -- the bridge!  Climb up to the bridge!
168) 4) text: He edges along the narrow ledge toward the bridge and Wil follows him.  Once under the bridge, they start climbing rocks to it. Meanwhile, Indiana is scaling the cliff face to get over water geyser to the other side.  He grabs at scrub brush finds a few perilous footholds as he makes his way to the
169) 2) text: Suddenly the board under him breaks! Willie grabs Short R before he falls into the abyss!  Looking pale and less co Short Round starts out again and Willie follows his caref They continue stepping across the bridge cautiously, a fe more difficult by the bridge's constant swaying and the h stopping up and down movement. Behind them, Indy finally pulls himself up from under the He stands up and sees Willie and Short Round halfway acro already.  Then he hears something and turns quickly -- he his whip out and ducks to the side of the tunnel as two T guards rush out. Indy cracks the whip, catching the first guard around the the guard spills forward and trips the second guard.  The man tries to stand but Indiana kicks him in the head. The second guard gets to his feet and seings his sword -- ducks, slams him in the stomach and dives for the first g sword.  He grabs it and rolls aside quickly as the second attempts to slice him in two! Indy gets to his feet and immediately finds himself about gage in a sword duel with the enraged Thuggee guard.  Ind at the unfamiliar sword, hefts it, and tries to quickly d the best way to use it -- Suddenly the guard shouts and charges.  Indy decides shou must be the "de rigueur" technique and shouts back loudly two swords CLANG and spark as the duel erupts. Indy flails and feints and the Thuggee guard lunges and s Indy finally gains the upper hand and dispatches the Thug guard who slumps defeated into the dirt. Keeping the sword, Indy starts out onto the bridge, walki quickly as possible across the rickety span.  He hears sh ahead and looks worried then temple guards appear at the of the bridge. The guards suprise Willie and Shorty as they finally get the bridge.  Struggling   futilely with the guards, Willi at Indiana --
169) 5) dialog: Let my friends go!
169) 6) text: Mola Ram shouts in Hindi and the guards start to move tow from both sides of the bridge. INDIANA (Cont'd) That's far enough!
169) 8) text: Indiana indicates the bag over his shoulder --
169) 9) dialog: You want the stones, let them go and call off your guards!
169) 10) text: Mola Ram motions and the guards move farther out on both the bridge -- suddenly Indiana swings the sword and it cu one of the bottom rope-spans! The rope is half-severed and frays slowly under the tensi
169) 13) text: In different times this would be called a Mexican stand-o Indiana looks at the guards in front and behind him.  He Willie and Short Round out on the bridge now with Mola Ra their backs.
169) 14) dialog: Then I guess we're all going to take a big dive!
169) 17) dialog: Mola Ram -- you're about to meet Kali -- in Hell!
169) 18) text: Indiana swings the sword with all his might -- it whooshe through the air and slashes clear through the top and bot ropes --! Immediately Mola Ram's guards start to flee in panic -- t Indiana swings the sword again and the two ropes on the o side are severed -- The rope bridge is sheared in two!  It breaks in the midd both halves fall apart!  The guards scream horribly in th they plunge down into the rocky gorge! Willie and Short Round cling to their established foothol fall with the bridge toward the wall of the gorge.  Mola spills forward, clutching desperately at the ropes and sl Below them, Indiana has latched onto a rope and swings wi bridge as it hits the gorge wall and hangs vertically now ling from its moorings at the top. There's an instant of suspended animation as all who rema realize they are alive.  Short Round and Willie cling nea top of the now vertical bridge. Below them, Mola Ram clutches onto one of the main ropes directly above him the last of his guards holds on for de Short Round and Willie struggle upwards, clutching ropes stepping on slats.  Finally, Short Round heaves himself u solid ground and turns to help Willie up. Meanwhile, dangling below on the bridge, Indy reaches up grabs Mola Ram's leg.  The High Priest kicks and tries to Indy's grip.  He kicks again and smashes Indy in the face Indy won't let go.  Suddenly the High Priest reaches up a his own Thuggee guard and yanks his down by the front of shirt -- Mola Ram shoves the luckless guard down onto Indy, trying dislodge him by sacrificing the screaming Thuggee.  Indy to hang on.  The Thuggee is less fortunate and falls scre his death. Then Mola Ram looks across the gorge and yells.  Indy see of the last Thuggee guards streaming out of the tunnel -- to be stranded on the far side of the now bridgeless gorg Indy starts climbing up after Mola Ram again.  He grabs a back of Mola Ram's robe and pull him down.  Slipping, Mol turns and it's Indy's chance to punch Mola Ram in the fac Mola Ram's eyes are glowing yellow and he's shouting inco ly.  He grabs the strap of Indy's shoulder bag and stamps dy's hand -- Indy falls! Indiana slips downward, scrambling to catch hols of somet meanwhile, Mola Ram now has the bag with the Sankara Ston Indy finally stops his downward slide and dangles dangero near the bottom of the bridge. Across the gorge, the Thuggee guards run up a path to a s gove of trees growing on a plateau above the gorge.  The have bows and arrows and take firing positions -- At the top of the bridge, Mola Ram keeps climbing until r start poundinghim from above -- Willie and Short Round pe with rocks which he tries to block with his arm. Indiana starts to climb again, using all his strength.  H reaches for a wooden slat -- suddenly a flaming arrow sma into the wood! Indy turns in amazement and sees more flaming arrows rock across the chasm directy for him! Across the gorge, by the grove of trees, a Thuggee priest orders to the archers who continue to launch the flaming Indiana crawls up as the bridge starts to burn from the c ing bursts of fiery arrows.  At the top, Mola Ram reaches perately for a hand old -- Willie smashes his hand with a The High Priest yells in pain and slips down to where Ind him again in the face!  They struggle as the fire burns u beneath them. On the cliff above the fallen bridge, Willie watches the rising toward Indy and Mola Ram as they fight.  Short Rou and sees something --
169) 20) text: They see horses galloping through a narrow pass -- the Br cavalry is returning.  Captain Blumburtt and the first tr up their forses and dismount quickly. A fussilade of flaming arrows force the British to take c they quickly start firing back at the Thuggees with rifle As the battle above the gorge continues, Indy and Mola Ra below on the dangling bridge -- Indiana sees the High Priest's eyes begin glowing and he insanely.  Mola Ram's hand thrusts out toward Indiana's c Indy yells in pain -- Indy looks down and writhes terrified as he sees Mola Ram starting to enter his chest (as it entered the victim's c during the temple sacrifice)! Mola Ram's finger are inching into Indy's body --  Indy c at Mola Ram's piercing hand, trying to keep the deadly fi away from his heart. Slowly, Indy is able to push Mola Ram's hand away and his withdraw from Indy's chest.  Indiana suddenly slugs the H Priest in the face and grabs for the bag of Sankara Stone
169) 22) dialog: You're betrayed Shiva. *(He re- peats in Sanskrit Sankara's warn- ing)
169) 23) text: As Indy pronounces the magical words, the bag begins glow starts to burn Mola Ram as he clutches it -- the stones b spill out of the bag and the High Priest grabs from them. INDIANA (Cont'd) *(He repeats Sankara's warning in Sanskrit)
170) 0) text: Indiana crawls up the burning bridge and Willie and Short reach for him at the top.  They pull him up onto the clif they all look around exhausted -- Across the gorge, more British troops emerge from the min nels to subdue the remaining Thuggee guards on that side. Finally the little Maharajah comes out of the dark mine t He sees Short Round across the gorge -- and bows to thank his help.  On the other side, Short Round waves his cap, him back. Willie stands at the edge of the gorge looking down into er far below.
170) 2) dialog: Not quite.
170) 3) text: She sees Indy reach into his pocket.  He pulls something slowly -- as she watches he reveals a crystal stone -- INDIANA (Cont'd) The last Sankara Stone.
170) 4) text: Short Round watches Willie take it carefully from Indiana gazes at it and looks delighted --
171) 0) text: The sun flares and silhouettes three figures coming over hilltop.  Behinf them we see more smaller silhouettes app over the rise. Indiana, Willie and Short Round walk back down the dirt r Mayapore -- followed by a multitude of children returning their homeland. Willie looks at the changed landscape and seems astonishe barren countryside has been reborn.  They see streams flo beneath green trees, flowers blooming and peasants harves golden grain in the fields.
172) 0) text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round lead the children down th village road.   Ahead they see villagers rebuilding their tive dwellings. Now they hear shouts of joy from the peasants.  The child returning home start running to meet their parents who ar ing out to greet them. There is laughter and tears as families are reunited.  In sees the old shaman approaching with the chieftain and th village elders. The shaman touches his fingers to his forehead and bows. three travelers return his greeting and the shaman is qui as he speaks to Indiana --
172) 4) text: The old shaman smiles wisely at Indiana.  Indy takes the out of his bag and unwraps it.
172) 5) dialog: Yes, I've seen its power
172) 7) dialog: The last Sankara Stone.
172) 9) dialog: (smiling at her) Well, you didn't get your prince, and there goes your diamond.
172) 11) dialog: It's still a long way to Delhi. Who knows what might happen.
172) 15) text: Suddenly the bullwhip CRACKS and wraps around her waist. tled Willie looks angry as Indiana reels her in, pulling ward him and into his arms.  But when he finally kisses h doesn't seem to mind at all... Short Round shakes his head, but looks sort of pleased. turns away, his face lights up! Short Round runs toward the sunset, toward the three elep being brought back to the village.  The baby elephant sta walking faster, as if he recognizes Short Round running o meet him...