5) 26) text: Lao nods across the table and Indy sees KAO KAN, Lao's se son, open his coat and remove a silver-plated pistol.  In looks worried.  Willie doesn't notice as she fixes her ma and coyly teases Indiana.
5) 30) text: Kao Kan glances at his father.  Lao finally nods to his s he slips the pistol back into his pocket.
5) 32) text: The ritzy patrons at the tables nearby are unaware of the drama quietly unfolding at this table. Willie eyes the blade and whimpers.  She looks imploringl and he slowly reaches into his pocket.  He puts ten gold next to the cash on the table. Indy leans forward to look at the gold coins -- so intent he fails to notice Kao Kan spilling some powder into Indy pagne glass!
5) 56) text: Lao just laughs evilly -- until a waiter moves up behind the crimelord suddenly stiffens.  He lets go of Willie's and raises his hands off the table.  Chen stops collectin money and jewels. Kao Kan tenses and Indy smiles at Wu Han, the Chinese wai the scar, who is standing behind Lao.  Wu Han has a towel his hand  --  under it, he has a pistol pressed against L spine. INDIANA (Cont'd) (smiling at Wu Han) I like the service here.
5) 59) text: Lao carefully reaches into his pocket and puts a small gl of liquid next to the cash, gold, jewels, poison and sacr Indy looks relieved as he reaches for the vial of antidot then he hears a muffled report!  And another! Wu Han groans and sways.  Indy starts to stand but Chen i ately turns the smoking pistol with the silencer that he kill Wu Han -- Indy sees it pointed at him now and he rem his seat. Kao Kan stands and grabs Wu Han, easing the phoney waiter the chair he just vacated.  The muffled shooting hasn't a any attention.  The nightclub activity continues an Indy emotionally to his dying friend.
5) 67) text: But he's grabbed from behind by Kao Kan.  Indy elbows the reaches back and grabs his head -- and somersaults Kao Ka the table! As nubmer two son crashes into the table, the impact send Emperor Nurhachi's ashes billowing into Lao's stricken fa Indiana yells as he sees the vial of antidote rolling acr table -- and falling! Indiana dives and catches the antidote just before it hit floor -- then Indy's hand is brutally stomped on by one o henchmen and the vial rolls away. Indiana angrily raises his head, smashing it up into the man's groin -- the man howls like a banshee and hobbles a
5) 68) text: Meanwhile, Willie watches Lao grabbing for cash from the Willie lunges past the pigeon-skewered Chen to snatch the but unfortunately Kao Kan knocks them off the table as he to attack Indy. Indiana scrambles on his hands and knees after the rollin People keep kicking it -- he almost has it when Willie ru him, trips and lands on her back.
15) 0) text: The plane starts taxiing.  By the cars, Lao is buffeted b prop wash as he angrily watches the plane roll away.  Beh his son, Kao Kan, stares at the plane taking off  -- a lo Kan's face indicates that he hasn't given up yet... The plane lifts off the airfield, silhouetted against the and the first light of dawn.
19) 0) text: The DC-3 banks into the clouds as the two biplanes attack the back seat of the first biplane, we see Kao Kan watchi DC-3 like a hawk about to bring down a sparrow.
22) 0) text: The DC-3 smokes through the clouds.  Passengers are baili -- parachutes billowing.  As one of the fighters swoops t the parachutes, Kao Kan searches the faces -- then he poi the DC-3.
22) 1) dialog: (into the radio) Jones!  Indiana Jones!
29) 0) text: The DC-3 lifts at the last second and smashes some snow o uppermost pinnacle as it clears the mountain by inches! Kao Kan's fighter is glued to the DC-3's tail and continu strafe -- but the fighter pilot pulls up too late -- and fighter explodes as it hits the peak of the mountain!