97) 0) text: A huge drum sounds three times and the chanting stops.  T silence is chilling as another robed figure appears out o some on the altar. This is MOLA RAM, the High Priest of the Thugge cult.  Mo Ram's red-rimmed eyes glare from the sunken sockets in hi sinister face.  Here is a man who looks as vile and diabo as the unholy goddess rising behind him. Up in the wind tunnel, Indy stares down at the High Pries realizes that is was Mola Ram he saw conferring with Chat in the palace garden. As the drum booms three times more, Mola Ram lifts one ar up from his emaciated body and suddenly there is a scream All heads turn toward an unfortunate, struggling Indian b dragged out by priests.  The man's face and body are wild painted.  He screams again as he's tied onto a square iro laying atop a large flat stone. Mola Ram steps forward to the stretched-out victim and th looks up into the High Priest's grotesque face -- Suddenly Mola Ram's hand shoots out toward the man's ches pierces it!  The High Priests hand sinks into the victim' writing body and rips out his living heart!
99) 0) text: Indeed, the bloody heart is still beating in Mola Ram's h He lifts the heart into the air and the worhippers begin
100) 0) text: Willie closes her eyes but Indy and Short Round watch hor as the iron frame is lowered -- and the bloody heart cont beat in Mola Ram's hand -- and the molten lava burns and as the screaming victim is lowered deeper into the crevas
102) 0) text: Above the crevasse, Mola Ram continues to hold the heart his hand -- the heart is smoking and bursts into flames - disappears!
109) 0) text: The Sankara Stones shimmer brightly, and inside the cryst quartz, the enormous sparkling diamonds of legend are now vealed. Mola Ram stands facing Kali with his arms outstretched an kneels and bows and then walks off the altar and disappea
124) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round stumble into the chamber.  It is fying gallery of occult yantras, ritualistic statues and icons of the evil Thuggee sect. Grotesque statues of Kali's baleful minions line the wall corner, there is another statue of Kali herself, draped w flowers, necklaces of real human skills and slithering be live snakes. Fresh blood has been splashed over the statue and at its the three Sankara Stones recovered from Indiana.  Mola Ra in a yoga position near the statue of Kali. Mola Ram opens his eyes and he sees Indiana and Short Rou standing in chains before him.
124) 1) dialog: You were caught trying to steal the Sankara Stones.
124) 3) text: Mola Ram stands and gazes transfixed at the stones glowin altar.
124) 4) dialog: There were five stones in the beginning.  Over the centuries they were dispersed by wars, sold off by thieves like you...
124) 6) dialog: No.  They are here -- somewhere. A century ago when the British raided this temple and butchered my people, a loyal priest his the last two stones down here in the catacombs.
124) 8) dialog: They dig for the gems to support our cause.  They also search for the last two stones.  Soon we will have all five Sankara Stones and the Thuggees will be all powerful!
124) 10) dialog: You do not believe me?  You will, Dr. Jones.  You will become a true believer.
124) 11) text: The door opens and Mola Ram bows slightly as the little M enters.  Indy looks surprised and Short Round tenses. MOLA RAM (Cont'd) Your Highness will witness the thief's conversion.
124) 12) text: Mola Ram nods and two guards grab Indy.  They drag him st to a rock and chain him to it.  Short Round scuffles as h pulled aside to watch. Remembering the High Priest's earlier open-heart surgery, ana looks worried as Mola Ram approaches him --
124) 14) text: Now the young initiate comes forward and Indiana looks st it's Nainsukh.  He is wearing robes and his eyes are glow strangely.  Nainsukh hands Mola Ram a hollow human skull blood! The guards hold Indiana's head back and force his mouth o Mola Ram tips the skull and blood spills out of its death grinning jaws and flows into Indiana's mouth.  Indy gags Suddenly he spits the blood, spraying Mola Ram and the li Maharajah.  Looking at his blood-splattered clothes, the jah is furious.
124) 15) dialog: Hold him!
124) 21) text: The little Maharajah whirls and lashes the whip again.  I jerks as the bullwhip rips through his shirt and tears op flesh.  The Maharajah lashes again and again -- blood spu across Indy's tattered shirt. As the whipping continues- Short Round jumps as if he is ing beaten.  His eyes fill with tears as he watches Indy Finally, the little Maharajah lets the whip fall limp.  A Maharajah approaches Indy, Short Round lunges as him angr the guards restrain him. Indiana groans as he's turned over.  Blood trickles from mouth and he stares up hatefully at Mola Ram.
124) 22) dialog: The British in India will be slaughtered.  Then we will over- run the Moslems and force their "Allah" to bow to Kali.
124) 23) text: Mola Ram is once again given the human skull by a priest lifts it toward Indy's face -- MOLA RAM (Cont'd) And then the Hebrew God will fall and finally the Christian God will be cast down and forgotten.
124) 24) text: Indy's head is held back and Mola Ram spills the blood -- flows out of the mouth of the skull into Indy's mouth. MOLA RAM (Cont'd) Soon Kali Ma will rule the world!
132) 0) text: And once again the three sacred Sankara Stones glow magic Mola Ram materializes evilly amidst the swirling smoke an begins chanting in Sanskrit. Beside the altar, half-clad female acolytes pass in front robed priests -- with their fingers the women paint two w lines across the priests' foreheads. An acolyte moves in front of Chattar Lal -- the Prime Min now dressed in robes.  As the devotional markings are pai his forehead, Chattar Lal translates the High Priest's sp Indiana who stands next to him.
132) 3) text: Indiana bows his head to receive the mystical markings. tens to Mola Ram's rantings -- Indy's eyes are ominously as he stares up at the hideous statue of Kali.
134) 0) text: The wind moans and joins Mola Ram's voice echoing maniaca the multitude gathered in the enormous temple.  On his th the little Maharajah listens transfixed.
143) 0) text: Mola Ram shouts at his priests and another one of them ru ward Indy on the platform.  Short Round dives and tackles priest. Chattar Lal finally leaps onto the crankwheel platform an sees him pull a dagger.  He slashes at Indiana and Indy h let go of the crankwheel -- the gears scream and the chai screech! Below in the crevasse, the iron frame plunges again towar crimson lava! On the platform, Indy hears the frame lowering and looks icked.  Chattar Lal slahses again with the dagger -- keep away from the cogwheel mechanism -- Indy suddenly kicks the dagger from Chattar Lal's hand sl in the stomach and dives toward the cogwheel mechanism. a iron rod and throws it into the gears -- the gears mangle the iron rod but finally grind to a stop ana grabs the crankwheel and starts winding it up furious Meanwhile, Short Round jumps onto the platform with Indy grabs a long wrench.  He starts swinging the wrench, keep last priests off the platfrom. The sacrificial frame finally rises up into view and Indi grabs it and swings it over onto the platform.  He looks lie anxiously as he releases her bindings -- Willie moans and moves her head.  Indy pulls her off the and she starts coughing.  Gasping for breath, Willie ervi fresh air flows into her lungs. Finally Willie opens her eyes and she sees Indiana.  Then notices something else and manages to cry out hoarsely --
143) 2) text: Chattar Lal grabs a pistol from an unconscious guard and whirls to see him pointing it -- Indy kicks the gun from and suddenly Chattar Lal starts shouting in a terrifying Chattar Lal's eyes glow as he lunges suicidally at Indian tempting to take Indy with him as he dives from the platf Crashing into Indy, Chattar Lal knocks both of them back sacrificial frame which swings out over the crevasse -- Indy manages to dive off the frame just in time.  He grab of the platform as the crankwheel screams and the frame f Looking up from the depths of the crevasse, we see the fr Chattar Lal on it plummeting downward into the sulphurous The frame finally crashes, splashing into the molten lava Chattar Lal's body explodes inot flame friefly -- his fle broiled off in an instant -- we glimpse a skeleton moment and then all is consumed and obliterated by the blazing l scramble over to Short Round who jumps off the platform a follow him across the altar. Indy sees Mola Ram quickly collecting the sacred Sankara Indiana rushes over and spins Mola Ram around -- He slugs the High Priest in the face and Mola Ram keels o backwards against the statue of Kali.  Short Round helps the Sankara Stones into Indiana's shoulder bag.
153) 43) text: Across the quarry, Mola Ram and six temple guards run out high platform next to the waterfall.  Mola Ram sees Willi Short Round pushing the mine cat. Mola Ram shouts to his men -- two of them pull pistols an fire! Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Short Round shoves to the far side of the car where they both take cover. Meanwhile, up on a catwalk, a guard slices a sword throug air and Indiana ducks!  The sword slashes into a wooden r and the guard tries frantically to pull it out -- Indiana slams kis knee up into the guard's stomach and th smashes his fist down on his neck -- the man collapses. hears more gunfire. Indiana rushes along the catwalk toward the platform abov edges against the wall below the platform, staying out of as he unfurls his whip. One of Mola Ram's guards fires again from the high platfo Indiana lashes the whip -- the whip wraps around the gunm arm and Indy yanks on it -- The gunman topples through the air and crashes down onto walk.  Indy grabs the gun.  He kicks the guard off the ca and the man falls into the waterfall pool. As the other guards fire down at him, Indiana dodges alon catwalk and fires back at them.  A bullet explodes near M and he ducks back -- Meanwhile, Short Round and Willie have the mine car rolli they jump into it --
153) 45) text: Indiana spots the rolling mine car racing across the quar takes off and runs along the catwalk -- bullets explode a him, splintering wood.  Indy reaches the end of the catwa Suddenly he dives into the air and catches hold of a bloc tacke!  Indy skids along the pulley system, sliding down toward the mine car in which Short Round and Willie are r Bullets whiz past as Indiana sails in the air above the s mine car - when they are in sync, Indy lets go and drops mine car next to Willie and Short Round! Mola Ram rushes forward and watches the speeding mine car down the track toward the tunnels --
153) 46) dialog: They've stolen the Sankara Stones -- they must be stopped!
155) 0) text: Back in the quarry, Mola Ram supervises the guards as the empty cars toward the tunnel.  Carrying long Khyber rifle jump aboard the cars.  The first one rolls into the dark and the second car speeds after it.
157) 0) text: The mine car hurtles past.  Indy sits in front, pulling b the brake-lever to control their speed and keep them from ing off the tracks. Expecting trouble, Short Round peers over the back end of car.  Willie ducks low, watching the heavy beams flashing ously close above their heads. Then Willie's eyes go wide and she groans in terror like on a roller coaster as the mine car suddenly plunges down taking their stomachs with it. A gunshot rings out and Short Round sees the first Thugge appear around a curve behind them.  Mola Ram's gunmen sta blasting.  Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Indy yel to Short Round.
158) 0) text: Up in the quarry, gunmen push a third car toward the tunn Mola Ram stops them.  He shouts and they turn and look in toward the waterfall and huge cistern....
160) 0) text: Up in the quarry, Mola Ram's men swing sledge hammers, ba away at the rock supports under the huge water-filled cis
162) 0) text: Mola Ram's guards continue to bash away with sledge hamme the rock supports under the mammoth cistern.  One of the starts to crumble -- From above, we see the cistern list to one side and water dangerously over the edge as the huge tank creaks and saw
164) 0) text: The sledgehammers continue -- until two of the rock suppo way!  There are shouts as the guards run for cover. Mola Ram stands on a platform watching the huge cistern s keel over -- the noise is incredible as the colossal tank to the ground! Suddenly a half-million gallons of water explode across t cern and surge in a tidal wave toward the tunnels!
169) 4) text: Indy sees more Thuggee guards rushing out of the tunnel b him.  He turns and sees two of the tmeple guards who capt Willie and Short Round coming across the bridge in front Indy stands helpless in the middle of the swaying bridge guards approaching from both sides, and nothing but heave and the rocky gorge hundreds of feet below! A wind comes up and the High Priest, Mola Ram, appears on end of the bridge.  He stands with the guards who hold Wi Short Round. The wind whips around Indy and he staggers unsteadily on swaying bridge as he watches Mola Ram --
169) 6) text: Mola Ram shouts in Hindi and the guards start to move tow from both sides of the bridge. INDIANA (Cont'd) That's far enough!
169) 7) dialog: You are in no position to give orders, Dr. Jones.
169) 10) text: Mola Ram motions and the guards move farther out on both the bridge -- suddenly Indiana swings the sword and it cu one of the bottom rope-spans! The rope is half-severed and frays slowly under the tensi
169) 11) dialog: Impressive, Dr. Jones. But I don't believe you would kill yourself!
169) 12) text: Mola Ram motions again the his guards (looking more nervo step farther out onto the bridge, mvoing closer to Indy f sides. Indy swings the sword again, cutting into the other rope- It, too, is now partially severed and frays slowly.  The jolts and Indy and the guards sway precariously! Suddenly Mola Ram shoves Short Round out onto the bridge. High Priest draws a dagger and pushes Willie onto the swa span, holding the knife behind them both. MOLA RAM (Cont'd) Your friends will die with you!
169) 16) dialog: Give me the stones!
169) 18) text: Indiana swings the sword with all his might -- it whooshe through the air and slashes clear through the top and bot ropes --! Immediately Mola Ram's guards start to flee in panic -- t Indiana swings the sword again and the two ropes on the o side are severed -- The rope bridge is sheared in two!  It breaks in the midd both halves fall apart!  The guards scream horribly in th they plunge down into the rocky gorge! Willie and Short Round cling to their established foothol fall with the bridge toward the wall of the gorge.  Mola spills forward, clutching desperately at the ropes and sl Below them, Indiana has latched onto a rope and swings wi bridge as it hits the gorge wall and hangs vertically now ling from its moorings at the top. There's an instant of suspended animation as all who rema realize they are alive.  Short Round and Willie cling nea top of the now vertical bridge. Below them, Mola Ram clutches onto one of the main ropes directly above him the last of his guards holds on for de Short Round and Willie struggle upwards, clutching ropes stepping on slats.  Finally, Short Round heaves himself u solid ground and turns to help Willie up. Meanwhile, dangling below on the bridge, Indy reaches up grabs Mola Ram's leg.  The High Priest kicks and tries to Indy's grip.  He kicks again and smashes Indy in the face Indy won't let go.  Suddenly the High Priest reaches up a his own Thuggee guard and yanks his down by the front of shirt -- Mola Ram shoves the luckless guard down onto Indy, trying dislodge him by sacrificing the screaming Thuggee.  Indy to hang on.  The Thuggee is less fortunate and falls scre his death. Then Mola Ram looks across the gorge and yells.  Indy see of the last Thuggee guards streaming out of the tunnel -- to be stranded on the far side of the now bridgeless gorg Indy starts climbing up after Mola Ram again.  He grabs a back of Mola Ram's robe and pull him down.  Slipping, Mol turns and it's Indy's chance to punch Mola Ram in the fac Mola Ram's eyes are glowing yellow and he's shouting inco ly.  He grabs the strap of Indy's shoulder bag and stamps dy's hand -- Indy falls! Indiana slips downward, scrambling to catch hols of somet meanwhile, Mola Ram now has the bag with the Sankara Ston Indy finally stops his downward slide and dangles dangero near the bottom of the bridge. Across the gorge, the Thuggee guards run up a path to a s gove of trees growing on a plateau above the gorge.  The have bows and arrows and take firing positions -- At the top of the bridge, Mola Ram keeps climbing until r start poundinghim from above -- Willie and Short Round pe with rocks which he tries to block with his arm. Indiana starts to climb again, using all his strength.  H reaches for a wooden slat -- suddenly a flaming arrow sma into the wood! Indy turns in amazement and sees more flaming arrows rock across the chasm directy for him! Across the gorge, by the grove of trees, a Thuggee priest orders to the archers who continue to launch the flaming Indiana crawls up as the bridge starts to burn from the c ing bursts of fiery arrows.  At the top, Mola Ram reaches perately for a hand old -- Willie smashes his hand with a The High Priest yells in pain and slips down to where Ind him again in the face!  They struggle as the fire burns u beneath them. On the cliff above the fallen bridge, Willie watches the rising toward Indy and Mola Ram as they fight.  Short Rou and sees something --
169) 20) text: They see horses galloping through a narrow pass -- the Br cavalry is returning.  Captain Blumburtt and the first tr up their forses and dismount quickly. A fussilade of flaming arrows force the British to take c they quickly start firing back at the Thuggees with rifle As the battle above the gorge continues, Indy and Mola Ra below on the dangling bridge -- Indiana sees the High Priest's eyes begin glowing and he insanely.  Mola Ram's hand thrusts out toward Indiana's c Indy yells in pain -- Indy looks down and writhes terrified as he sees Mola Ram starting to enter his chest (as it entered the victim's c during the temple sacrifice)! Mola Ram's finger are inching into Indy's body --  Indy c at Mola Ram's piercing hand, trying to keep the deadly fi away from his heart. Slowly, Indy is able to push Mola Ram's hand away and his withdraw from Indy's chest.  Indiana suddenly slugs the H Priest in the face and grabs for the bag of Sankara Stone
169) 21) dialog: No, the stones are mine!
169) 23) text: As Indy pronounces the magical words, the bag begins glow starts to burn Mola Ram as he clutches it -- the stones b spill out of the bag and the High Priest grabs from them. INDIANA (Cont'd) *(He repeats Sankara's warning in Sanskrit)
169) 24) text: The blazing stones sear Mola Ram's flesh and he screams i The light suddenly dies in his eyes and for one instant h at Indy as if awakened from a nightmare -- Mola Ram loses his balance and Indy grabs for the stones. manages to clutch only one of them as Mola Ram screams an Indy sees the stone in his hand suddenly cool.  He watche Ram plummeting downward into the chasm and finally crashi the jagged rocks at the bottom. The irritated crocodiles are disturbed once more -- but s come the meal that just dropped in.  Jaws flash and teeth the High Priest's likeless corpse. And Indy's bag with the Sankara Stones sinks into the mur rent and disappears down the river ...