36) 8) text: She rolls over and yelps as she looks up at the bizarre, face of a SHAMAN.  Silhoutted against the blazing sun, th ny little old man in a loincoloth stares down at them in An eerie wind rises and howls.  The old man places his pa gether and moves his hands up to touch his forehead.  Wil Short Round watch mystified as Indiana returns the old sh silent greeting.
37) 0) text: Indya and Short Round follow the shaman and four peasants gutted path through barren rolling hills.  Willie is out milieu, stumbling along this forlorn landscape in high he tuxedo jacket and disheveled lame gown. She hears the old shaman talking to Indy and catches up w to find out what's going on.
38) 4) text: Indiana sees the painted shaman, who sits next to the chi watching Willie.  The women bring in a bowl from which th tiny portions of grey gruel onto three plates. To this the women add a few grains of yellowed rice and a ered ,molding piece of fruit.  Willie looks aghast at the tizing combination.
38) 18) text: The old shaman speaks now for the first time.
38) 19) dialog: On the way to Delhi, you will stop at Pankot.
38) 21) dialog: You will go to palace there.
38) 23) dialog: (darkly) No. Now there is new Maharajah -- and palace is powerful again.
38) 24) text: The shaman looks around at his unfortunate people. SHAMAN (Cont'd) It is Pankot Palace that kills my village.
38) 26) dialog: The evil starts in Pankot.  Then like monsoon, it moves darkness over all country.
38) 28) dialog: They came from Palace and took sivalinga from out village.
38) 32) dialog: It is why Krishna brought you here.
38) 34) dialog: (interrupting) No.  We pray to Krishna to help us find the stone.  It was Krishna who made you fall from sky -- so you can got to Pankot Palace.  To find siva- linga -- and bring back to us.
38) 35) text: Indy's about to object -- then he looks at the sad chieft elders and peasants who are watching him helplessly.  And again the dark steady eyes of the old shaman.
39) 0) text: Torches falre eerily and dogs howl as the peasants accomp shaman, elders and three visitors out ot the edge of the village.  Short Round walks beside Indy.
39) 3) text: Short Round looks plenty scared as they all stop walking. shaman motions and the men with torches circle around a p rocks to illuminate them.  The shaman makes a gesture of to the primitive shrine and Indy speaks to the village ch
39) 7) dialog: (joining Indy and the chieftain) Long ago -- before my father's father.
39) 13) dialog: They say we must pray to their evil god.  We say we will not.
39) 14) text: The old shaman looks off and fights the tears in his eyes starts speaking in Hindi.
39) 16) text: Indy turns and asks the shaman a question in Hindi.  The answers in Hindi.
39) 18) text: The shaman walks to the edge of the torchlight and looks the darkness as he continues speaking emotionally in Hind
39) 21) text: She looks at Short Round and finally understands the sorr faces always watching him.  Indy asks another question in and the shaman continues his story --
39) 23) text: The shaman walks slowly toward Indiana.
39) 24) dialog: You will find them when you find sivlalinga.
39) 26) text: The shaman and the chieftain stare and Indiana, refusing that. INDIANA (Cont'd) The English authorities who con- trol this area are the only ones who can help you.
39) 29) dialog: No, you will got to Pankot...
39) 33) text: Indy looks ath the shaman and the torchlight reflected in eyes.
43) 0) text: A few minutes later, the little boy is lying unconscious blanket.  Elders crouch around him.  Indy is kneeling and the shaman wet the boy's forehead with a rag and drip wat his lips. The little boy's eyes open and he begins to revive.  Shro And Willie watch from a corner as the little boy looks at faces peering down at him. The little boy's arm moves and he reaches out to Indy rat any of the others.  Indy takes his small hand and sees th boy's fingers are cut and bruised -- his fingers open and something into Indy's hand. The little boy tries to whisper.  Indy has to lean close as the little boy's lips move again --
44) 19) text: Indy ignores her hollering.  The elephants move off throu crowds of pitiful villagers.  Indy sees the elders, chief the old shaman who brings his hands up to his forehead as rides past.
172) 0) text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round lead the children down th village road.   Ahead they see villagers rebuilding their tive dwellings. Now they hear shouts of joy from the peasants.  The child returning home start running to meet their parents who ar ing out to greet them. There is laughter and tears as families are reunited.  In sees the old shaman approaching with the chieftain and th village elders. The shaman touches his fingers to his forehead and bows. three travelers return his greeting and the shaman is qui as he speaks to Indiana --
172) 1) dialog: We know you are coming back -- (indicating the countryside) -- when life returns to our village.
172) 3) dialog: Now you see the magic of the "rock" you bring back.
172) 4) text: The old shaman smiles wisely at Indiana.  Indy takes the out of his bag and unwraps it.
172) 6) text: Willie watches the shaman take it reverently and bow to t The shaman joins the elders and they walk to the village' sacred mound.  Indy and Willie stay back.  They see him k replace the stone in its niche.