2) 0) text: From the ethereal beauties, we cut to a street urchin's d face: SHORT ROUND is a ten-year-old Chinese kis wearing a up American baseball cap. Sneaking into the club, Short Round weaves past the fancy and silk suits, heading toward the music in the main ball
3) 0) text: Short Round enters and stares across the smoky nightclub. stage, he sees a giant paper-mache dragon laying curled a the pagoda. Now, the dragon's eyes light up, its nostrils exhale smok its enormous jaws open.  Out of the dragon's mouth walks of the stage show: WILLIE SCOTT, a dreamy beauty singing a sultry solo white chestra wails the accompaniment. But Short Round's not here to ogle crooning dames.  He su the rich Chinese, American and European revelers.  Jewels and champagne flows.  Short Round finally spots a table o somber-looking Chinese men in suits. Short Round chews gum and stares at the men.  Then he tur go.  WU HAN, a waiter with a scar across his cheek, watch Round leave.
4) 0) text: As Short Round hurries toward the exit, he bumps into a m tuxedo entering the club.  Short Round looks up at the ma we don't see his face. Then Short Round is grabbed by the scruff of his neck and man hustles him out the door, Short Round yelling insults way. A maitre d' apologizes to the man in the tuxedo and two h girls smile at him familiarly as he continues into the ba We notice something incongruous:  the man in the tuxedo i ing work boots caked with mud.
5) 0) text: The man in the tuxedo stops to watch Willie Scott singing on the stage.  Then he looks around and sees the table of Chinese men that Short Round spotted earlier. As the man in the tuxedo walks toward the table, he remov cigarette from a silver case.  He arrives at the table ju the chorus and orchestra reach a crescendo -- And on the stage, a glistening, muscular slave swings a h mer toward an enormous brass gong -- The man in the tuxedo leans to receive a light from a cig girl and, as the GONG BOOMS, the match flares to reveal h for the first time: It's INDIANA JONES.  Elegant in a tuxedo -- dressed to ki TITLES END and over this a legend appears on the screen:
7) 0) text: Willie sits up wide-eyed, speechless and amazed to be ali Then she sees an equally astonished Short Round looking a from the front seat.
7) 1) dialog: Wow!  Holy smoke!  Crash landing!
7) 3) dialog: Okey doke, Indy!  Hold onto your potatoes!
9) 0) text: As Short Round eagerly swerves around a corner, Willie ho for dear life.  Indiana suddenly puts his hand down the f Willie's dress --
9) 6) dialog: Check!  Gotcha!
9) 15) text: Indy reaches over the front seat and helps Short Round na
11) 2) dialog: Sure, Indy -- three tickets! You, me and Wu Han --
11) 5) text: Unaware of what happened at the club, Short Round thinks ment.
11) 6) dialog: Don't worry, Indy.  Short Round number one bodyguard now!
13) 0) text: The Duesenberg swings around a curve and skids through gr ward the airfield.  In the distance there is a small term Short Round wheels the car toward the cargo area -- A two-engine passenger plane is revving its motors and th passengers are boarding.  The Duesenberg squeals to a sto Indy jumps out with Willie and Short Round right on his h A contingent of airport Military Police move to bar their until WEBER, a heavy-set Englishman, runs up pufffing and ing.
13) 4) text: While Short Round grabs a small bag out of the car, Weber stewardess take their tickets and rush them all toward th plane. Meanwhile, the two sedans skid to a stop and Lao and his Kan jumpsout with their henchmen.  The puzzled military p advance on them usspiciously  -- Realizing he's outnumbered, Lao instructs his men to stay and to put away their weapons.
14) 0) text: Willie and Short Round charge up the ladder and onto the Indy pauses at the top of the steps to give Lao a cocky f salute.  Indy boards the plane and the co-pilot slams the
21) 0) text: As the air battle rages, the passengers are tossed about start screaming.  Short Round peers out a window.
21) 1) dialog: Lao send planes to kill Indy!
23) 2) dialog: No, can't leave Indy!
23) 3) text: Short Round suddenly butts the co-pilot in the stomach wi head.  The co-pilot yells and falls out the door.  Short sees the co-pilot's parachute billow.  Then Willie rushes
23) 6) dialog: No, this last one!  It's for Indy!
25) 0) text: Short Round tries to wake Indy again.  Finally, Shorty gr Indy's bag, pulls his holster out of it and runs toward t Indy continues to sleep -- until bullets smash the window head and a fire extinguisher is hit and starts spraying i Indy's face. He finally awakens and jumps up.  He looks around is disb the battle-torn, nearly-empty airplane.
27) 1) dialog: Come here, lady, hold this and shut up please!
27) 2) text: He pulls Willie down to the floor and shoves her the ammu belt that's draped toward the gun.  Then Shorty jumps beh machine gun -- As the first fighter appears off their side, Short Round out the open door!  The machine gun explodes to life, che bullets, smoking and spitting shells at Willie -- Willie hollers terrified by manages to feed the ammo belt Short Round sights the blazing machine gun -- suddenly he Willie sees the fighter hit -- it smokes and veers away - then EXPLODES!
27) 3) dialog: I get it!
27) 5) text: The second plane swoops down and Short Round blasts away. time as he swivels the gun, he misses and hits one of the own engines and it explodes!
27) 6) dialog: Oh oh -- big mistake!
30) 3) text: Willie sees Short Round rush over to Indiana and grab him the waist from behind.  Willie finally jumps up and runs
32) 0) text: As the raft rockets down the snow, Indiana clutches the f Willie and Short Round hold on for dear life on either si him. The raft plummets down the mountain, crossing the timber- entering a forest.  Bouncing over a snow-hidden log, the shoots directly for a tree -- Indiana pulls on the perimeter rope, rolls on his side an ages to swerve the raft so it caroms offthe snow-drifted the tree trunk. Continuing its downhill run, the raft smashes across a sm steam, sending silvery water spraying. As the raft skids below the snow-level, it starts bouncin rocky ground and its three passengers' teeth start chatte
34) 0) text: The life raft drifts down the river and Indy looks around smiles cockily at Willie and Short Round -- Their faces don't show gratitude, but horror -- Indy hear thing and turns to see:
35) 0) text: The raft is heading directly toward a surging stretch of erous rapids.  Indiana looks less cocky as he and Willie Short Round hold on again for dear life! The raft plunges into the roaring torrent, bouncing over swollen waves, twisting and spinning through narrow gaps. three helpless passengers are drenched in the thundering of white water. Willie is hallering, Short Round hangs on wide-eyed and e looks terrified as the raft crashes down the rapids.  Fin after one heart-stopping bounce, the raft seems to slow.
36) 1) dialog: Indy?
36) 8) text: She rolls over and yelps as she looks up at the bizarre, face of a SHAMAN.  Silhoutted against the blazing sun, th ny little old man in a loincoloth stares down at them in An eerie wind rises and howls.  The old man places his pa gether and moves his hands up to touch his forehead.  Wil Short Round watch mystified as Indiana returns the old sh silent greeting.
37) 0) text: Indya and Short Round follow the shaman and four peasants gutted path through barren rolling hills.  Willie is out milieu, stumbling along this forlorn landscape in high he tuxedo jacket and disheveled lame gown. She hears the old shaman talking to Indy and catches up w to find out what's going on.
38) 12) dialog: (smiling) Indy is taking me to America.
38) 13) text: All eyes are on Short Round.  Puzzled by this strange att Shorty's smile fades nervously.
39) 0) text: Torches falre eerily and dogs howl as the peasants accomp shaman, elders and three visitors out ot the edge of the village.  Short Round walks beside Indy.
39) 1) dialog: Indy, they make out plane crash? To get you here?
39) 3) text: Short Round looks plenty scared as they all stop walking. shaman motions and the men with torches circle around a p rocks to illuminate them.  The shaman makes a gesture of to the primitive shrine and Indy speaks to the village ch
39) 21) text: She looks at Short Round and finally understands the sorr faces always watching him.  Indy asks another question in and the shaman continues his story --
41) 0) text: The wind swirls into the hut and Indiana's eyes open.  He still a moment and then sits up slowly.  He sees Short Ro sleeping nearby. Sensing something strange, Indy gets to his feet.  He ste around Short Round and goes to the door of the hut.
44) 4) text: Waiting by the second elephant, Short Round sees Indy com runs up to him --
44) 5) dialog: I ride with you, Indy?
44) 7) text: Short Round runs around the big elephant and sees a baby being brought out.  He can't believe his luck --
44) 8) dialog: Oh boy!
44) 11) dialog: They don't cry about you.  They cry about the elephants leaving.
44) 13) dialog: They got no food to feed them.  So they taking the elephants away to sell them.
47) 1) dialog: Here you go, lunch time!
47) 2) text: The baby elephant's trunk comes back and takes the fruit. looks up in the sky. SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) Indy, look!
49) 0) text: The three elephants stand sucking up river water with the trunks.  Seated on the huge beasts, Willie, Short Round a ana watch the thirsty animals.
49) 2) text: In response, Willie's elephant calmly lifts its trunk and her in the face.  Short Round and Indy laugh as Willie si soaked and shocked.
50) 0) text: A plume of water sprays.  The three elephants submerge in wide spot in the river.  Indy wades in the current with h off.  He and the guide splash water on the weary animals. Short Round laughs and plays with the baby elephant.  Wra its trunk, he's swung in the air and lands on the elephan back.  Shorty makes a swan dive back into the water and t elephant gives him a shower when he surfaces.
52) 1) dialog: You come to America with me, and we can get job in the circus -- you like that?
52) 46) text: Now, we see that Short Round is guiding the baby elephant with a prod.  Willie watches, stifling a laugh as the ele trunk sniffs Indiana's ear -- INDIANA (Cont'd) You're going to start something I'm going to have to finish. (moaning) Okay, doll, you asked for it.
52) 47) text: Indiana rolls over, lifts his hat and hollers!  He nearly out of his pants as he stares into the elephant's trunk. and Short Round dissolve into laughter.
53) 0) text: Tall, vine-covered trees sway in the wind.  Beneath them, ephants plough through the dense tropical forest.  The so the teeming jungle multiply as Short Round surveys the di hills.
53) 1) dialog: Indy, look!
54) 2) text: Indiana goes back and joins the scared, jabbering guide w helping Willie down from the elephant.  Short Round jumps
54) 3) dialog: What you look at, Indy?
54) 10) text: Willie moans and follows Indy.  Short Round watches the e trudging away.  The little elephant turns and looks back. Round quickly wipes a tear from his face.
55) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round hike up a rock-paved road beside wall.  Exhausted, carrying her high heels, Willie trudges behind them.
57) 0) text: Short Round and Willie follow Indiana through a dark arch a glittering courtyard.  The palace seems deserted and fo ing.
58) 0) text: An extraordinary gold dome rises in the middle of the ele gardens.  The Pleasure Pavilion is ablaze with torch ligh flickering candles and exotic music. Indiana comes out of the palace with Short Round.  Indy h tweed jacket and a nectie -- his university professor's o Short Round has been cleaned up, but still sports his bas cap. Willie joins them, looking stunning is a silk Western-sty gown.  She's also been loaned some Moghul jewelry which s on her neck and arms.
59) 31) text: As the drum beats the assembled guests move toward a long table surrounded by colorful pillows.  Short Round follow little monkey he's found perched on his arm. As everyone stands around the table, Chattar Lal makes an nouncement in Hindi and then in English --
59) 36) text: Indeed, Zalim Singh is only thirteen.  Outfitted in silve gold brocade, festooned with enormous jewels, the litlle jah gazes imperiously at the bowing crowd -- and then gla Short Round. Indy sees Short Round chewing gum, staring antagonistical the Maharajah.  Indy pushes SHort Round into a bowing pos The Maharajah finally sits down on golden pillows.  He no his guests take their seats.  Indiana sees Willie's dream queendom have vanished.
59) 54) text: Short Round avoids the dinner by feeding it to his little as he listens to the scary conversation. The talk is bad enough, but Willie finds the food unbelie A servant leans overher shoulder and places a six-inch lo on her plate! Willie whimpers quietly as she watches the fat merchant n her lift one of the black, shiny baked-beetles -- and cra two!  The man proceeds to enthusiastically suck the gooey out.
59) 70) dialog: What for?
59) 99) text: Short Round's monkey suddenly screeches and takes off.  W closed here eyes in dread - but curiosity gets the best o and she looks -- it's worse than she could imagine: Plates full of small, dead monkey heads!  (*Production no cause of his extremely sensitive nature, the director has ted that these monkey heads be simulated). The tops of the monkey's skulls have been cut off and sit like little covers.  Willie watches in utter dismay as th rajah and his guests remove the skull-tops and start dipp spoons into what's inside -- MERCHANT (Cont'd) Chilled monkey brains!
61) 3) text: Now, the little Maharajah comes over with his retinue and reaches for Indy's whip which Short Round is carrying.
61) 5) dialog: Hey, nobody touches Indy's whip!
61) 6) text: Short Round grabs for it, but Indiana restrains him.
61) 8) text: The Maharajah glares are Short Round and five the whip to
61) 12) text: While Short Round watches angrily, Indiana walks across t den and unfurls the whip.  Indy sees a servant lighting a Suddenly the whip flies and CRACKS like a pistol shot.  T candle disappears!  Indiana whirls and CRACKS the whip ag snagging a flower out of a dancing girl's hair. The Maharajah reacts like any kid -- he shoops happily.
61) 14) text: Short Round sulks as he listens to Indiana instructing th rajah on how to hold the whip.  As the young prince pract grip, Indy notices Chattar Lal slip behind a fountain to a dark figure in robes who appears. Indiana sees Chattar Lal bow to the dark figure -- and In catches a glimpse of the stranger's pale face and dark ho eyes.  Then the robled apparition seems to disappear. Meanwhile everyone watches respectfully as the Maharajah the whip for his first attempt.  He flings the whip but i back and snaps  -- biting his own  cheek. There's a stunned silence -- then Short Round laughs  at little prince who is holding his wounded cheek.  The ince rahajah suddenly flashes the whip as Short Round. Short Round grabs the end of it and pulls hard -- the whi tugged taut between the two hostile boys.  As they draw n other, Short Round sees something weird: The little Maharajah's eyes begin glowing yelloe and he h softly in a strange voice.  Nobody else sees or hears the transformation... Indiana finally intercedes -- he grabs Short Round by the
61) 16) text: Short Round lets go and Indy gently takes the whip back f little prince. INDIANA (Cont'd) The Turks say that a whip can be an enemy even to its owner.  If you get some rope, it'll be easier to learn with, your Highness. Now, I think we'll say goodnight.
61) 17) text: The Maharajah and Short Round stare hostiley at each othe Indy recoils his whip.
62) 0) text: Short Round walks beside Indiana down the shadowy hall to their room.  Short Round has Indy's whip curled around hi der.  The little fellow yawns and shakes his head.
62) 1) dialog: That little Maharajah think he big stuff.
62) 3) dialog: Next time I flatten him!  Did you see his eyes?
62) 5) dialog: Indy, they glow like fire and get real crazy!  Then he talk in this real scary voice!
62) 6) text: Indy tousles Short Round's hair.
62) 8) dialog: (not so shure) Yeah, that's what happened...
62) 9) text: They reach their room and Short Round opens the door.
62) 11) text: Short Round shakes his head scornfully as Indy crosses th and knocks on another door.  After a moment, the door ope Willie is standing there in a tempting nightgown.
69) 0) text: We see another clock ticking.  Looking annoyed, Indy toss boot at it and the clock falls on its face, setting of th alarm. On the chaise lounge in front of Indy's bed, Short Round groggily and sees Indy turning off the alarm.
69) 1) dialog: (half asleep) Get to sleep Indy -- I stay up and keep eye on things...
71) 0) text: Indy shoves the assassin backwards, ramming the big man i wall.  The assassin maintains his deathgrip -- while on t chaise, Short Round sleeps through it all! Gasping futilely for air, Indy sinks slowly to his knees eyes bulge and he stares at the tiny, smiling skulls at t of the death-cord wrapped around the assassin's fists. Indiana sinks lower and then feels something -- desperate grabs a brass pot on the floor by the handle and swings i his last strength, smashing it up into the assassin's hea a skull-crushing clang! The assassin is stunned and Indiana curls forward pulling into a somersault and sening him flying over his back.  T assin crashes on his sping next to the chaise.  Short Rou doesn't wake up. Indiana rips the cord from around his neck and gasps for He sees the assassin pulling a knife.  Indiana dives as t flies through the air and slams into the wall. Indiana grabs his whip, rolls and lands on his feet.  As assin tries to retreat, Indy unleashes his whip -- it CRA wraps around the killer's neck. The big man struggles, pulling on the whip, trying to rel from his throat -- and Indiana holds fast, watching the k gasping for air now as his face turns red. Suddenly the assassin does a full-blown backward sommersa which rips the whip out of Indy's hand.  The assassin has stant to grin victoriously -- Until he sees that the whip handle is arching toward the where is gets caught on the revolving fan!  The surprised in it tugged upwards -- and the whip twists around the ce fan like fishing-line around a fishing-reel-- And like a doomed flounder, the assassin is slowly reeled dragged toward the ceiling, his toes lifting off the floo The assassin screams as he is hanged!  His legs twitch in his death throes -- and below him, Short Round finally wa Always Indiana's protector, Shorty instictively leaps off couch and draws a small dagger --
71) 1) dialog: Don't worry, Indy!  Where are they?!
71) 2) text: Short Round spins a 360 , then looks up and does a double seeing the dead assassin twisting slowly around the ceili Indy takes Short Rund by the shoulders and turns him away the grisly sight.
72) 8) dialog: (grinning) Uh uh -- me neither!
72) 13) text: Indiana shrugs and leans over and casually swats the horr off her face.  He and Short Round watch the insect skid a the floor -- and suddenly disappear as if by magic! Puzzled, they wander toward the wall, leaving Willie behi bathed in sweat, staring at the ceiling --
72) 15) text: Kneeling by the wall, Short Round examines the baseboard
72) 16) dialog: It went under.  Hey, I feel wind, Indy.
72) 19) text: She dashes behind a screen to start getting dressed.  Mea Indy feels the marble walls.  He moves to a niche in whic is a small statue of Ganesha, the friendly elephant god. Indiana lifts the statue -- and a panel in the wall opens ly.  Short Round looks amazed.  Indy watches the light fa across the far wall of a tunnel as the door opens slowly. Indy peers into the tunnel at an old wall painting.  Spid skrit calligraphy runs under a flanking illustration of a bowing before a god.
72) 21) dialog: What does it mean, Indy?
72) 27) text: She notices Indy and Short Round bending to enter the dar behind the wall. WILLIE (Cont'd) Wait a minute!  What're you -- where're you going?!
73) 0) text: Indy and Short Round enter the secret passage and move fo slowly into the inky darkness.
73) 1) dialog: I don't think we suppose to be in here, Indy...
73) 2) text: They creep slowly down the dark tunnel.  It grows smaller ducks his head. SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) I step on something.
73) 5) text: Even Short Round has to duck and Indy finally kneels to h hands and knees. INDIANA (Cont'd) We'll have to crawl.
73) 7) dialog: Indy, the floor -- there is some- thing alive!
73) 9) dialog: Holy smoke -- I'm scared, Indy!
76) 3) dialog: Indy, I found a --
76) 4) text: Suddenly they hear a rumble and Indy turns to see the opp wall moving -- the spikes start appearing!  Their lethal protrude from the wall as it starts closing in toward Ind Short Round. SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) Indy -- !
77) 3) dialog: Willie, help!!
82) 3) dialog: Please, Willie!
85) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round are backed against the wall and t spikes are a foot away and moving in --
89) 0) text: Short Round is frightened to death and crying --
89) 1) dialog: Willie, help us!  Hurry!
90) 0) text: She hears Short Round crying and twists her hand in the d ing hole.  Suddenly the door springs open!  Willie pulls out and stares in horror -- her hand and arm are covered greenish slimey mung!
91) 3) text: She sees the same lever that Short Round pulled earlier a for it.  Indiana dives and manages to stop her from activ the spikes agian.
92) 0) text: Indiana, Short Round and Willie exit the spike chamber an down a larger tunnel through which a roaring wind intermi blows, howling eerily like a note of gloomy music. Indiana follows a curve in the tunnel and they see light The wind holws another dramatic note which gales past the they reach the mouth of the tunnel. Indiana is joined by Willie and Short Round.  They all st astonishment at the sight below them:
100) 0) text: Willie closes her eyes but Indy and Short Round watch hor as the iron frame is lowered -- and the bloody heart cont beat in Mola Ram's hand -- and the molten lava burns and as the screaming victim is lowered deeper into the crevas
104) 0) text: As the wind howls again, Willie and Short Round look sick appalled by the ceremony.  Even Indy seems shaken by what are witnessing.
108) 0) text: Short Round looks scared.  Willie is still crying -- Indy horrified but fascinated.
108) 2) dialog: Why they glow like that?
110) 0) text: Indiana sees the woshippers below start to leave the temp looks at Willie and Short Round.
110) 2) text: Short Round nods and hands Indy his bullwhip and shoulder Willie sees Indiana peering down at the sheer drop below mouth of the wind tunnel.
110) 9) dialog: I keep my eye peeled, Indy.
115) 0) text: Short Round and Willie watch apprehensively as Indiana ba three stones.
117) 0) text: Short Round and Willie are mystified as they see Indiana pear behind the altar.
117) 2) text: Short Round looks worried.  Then the wind rushes past the and howls its somber musical note.  However, the wind sou ferent this time, its tone quavering slightly. Short Round is puzzled and looks around.  He  feeezes whe two shadowy figures coming down the tunnel toward them -- bodies causing the tone of the wind to shift eerily -- Willie notices Short Round pulling a dagger from his belt
117) 4) text: Suddenly she turns and screams as two huge Thuggee guards at them!  One grabs at Short Round but the kid slashes th guard's hand with his dagger. Willie tries to get past the other guard, but he snatches the arm and pulls her toward him -- from her training at lege of Hard Knocks, Willie successfully knees the big ma balls. WILLIE (Cont'd) Keep your paws off, letch!
117) 5) text: The man groans and sinks to his knees.  Willie sees that Round is in trouble.  She runs over, leaps onto the back other guard and starts ripping his hair out. Short Round picks up his fallen dagger.  The big guard lu backwards and smashes Willie into the rocky wall of the t Willie falls to the floor. Short Round approaches, holding the man at bay with his d Willie turns as the other guard, the one she kneed, crawl her -- Willie scoops up some dirt and throws it.  The man at his eyes and Willie jumps up.
117) 6) dialog: Run Willie!
117) 7) text: Willie starts to run and Short Round backs away, keeping guard at a distance with his dagger.  Suddenly the guard in Hindi and dives at Short Round. Panicking, Shorty tries to run after Willie -- but he's t The guard has Short Round by the foot and drags him back. looks around and stops running.  She sees Short Round is SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) No!  Run!  Go get help!
117) 8) text: Willie hesitates, then runs down the tunnel.  Meanwhile, moth hand clutches Short Round's throat -- the giant guar Shorty completely off the ground and the kid looks terrif helpless as he dangles in the air...
122) 0) text: Indiana's yell continues to echo -- his head jerks sudden Indy jolts awake as if coming out of a nightmare, awakene own reverberating shout. Indy is lying on the rocky floor of a dark cave/cell.  He his hands and discovers that they are chained.  In the mu light, he sees Short Round sitting in chains across the c
122) 1) dialog: Indy -- you knocked out when you fall.  You okay?
122) 2) text: Indiana nods groggily.  He sees a young slave worker in r ting near Short Round.  Through the iron bars of the cell sees the children slaving in the mine tunnels.
122) 3) dialog: (indicating the kid) This is Nainsukh -- from the vil- lage.  They bring him here to dig in the mines.
122) 6) dialog: What they do to you now?
122) 8) dialog: How?
123) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round are pushed down a tunnel by guard are stopped at a door and shoved inside.
124) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round stumble into the chamber.  It is fying gallery of occult yantras, ritualistic statues and icons of the evil Thuggee sect. Grotesque statues of Kali's baleful minions line the wall corner, there is another statue of Kali herself, draped w flowers, necklaces of real human skills and slithering be live snakes. Fresh blood has been splashed over the statue and at its the three Sankara Stones recovered from Indiana.  Mola Ra in a yoga position near the statue of Kali. Mola Ram opens his eyes and he sees Indiana and Short Rou standing in chains before him.
124) 11) text: The door opens and Mola Ram bows slightly as the little M enters.  Indy looks surprised and Short Round tenses. MOLA RAM (Cont'd) Your Highness will witness the thief's conversion.
124) 12) text: Mola Ram nods and two guards grab Indy.  They drag him st to a rock and chain him to it.  Short Round scuffles as h pulled aside to watch. Remembering the High Priest's earlier open-heart surgery, ana looks worried as Mola Ram approaches him --
124) 20) text: As the guards turn Indy face down, they rip off his jacke chain his ahnds to the rock.  The Maharajah uncurls the w notices Short Round smiling snidely -- Suddenly the Maharajah cracks the whip -- it lashes out a into Short Round's shoulder.  Blood appears and Short Rou stunned by the lash and by the fact the Marahajah knows w use the whip. MAHARAJAH (Cont'd) As Dr. Jones suggested, I have been practicing.
124) 21) text: The little Maharajah whirls and lashes the whip again.  I jerks as the bullwhip rips through his shirt and tears op flesh.  The Maharajah lashes again and again -- blood spu across Indy's tattered shirt. As the whipping continues- Short Round jumps as if he is ing beaten.  His eyes fill with tears as he watches Indy Finally, the little Maharajah lets the whip fall limp.  A Maharajah approaches Indy, Short Round lunges as him angr the guards restrain him. Indiana groans as he's turned over.  Blood trickles from mouth and he stares up hatefully at Mola Ram.
133) 0) text: Beneath the temple, down in the bowels of the mountain, t ful children dig at the earth with their fingers.  A FAT slouches down the tunnel, flogging malingerers with a ale strap. Short Round sweats next to the others, clawing at the roc doomed to work with them now in their search for the last Sankara Stones. The leather strap suddenly flays Short Round's back and h manages not to scream out in pain.  The fat guard passes Round and the other kids pull a large rock which suddenly loose out of the wall -- ! They fall back and see they've exposed a vein of molten l Hearing their shouts, the fat guard returns -- yelling at stupidity, he whips them and shoves them aside brutally. Short Round see the fat guard's eyes glowing fiercely in Suddenly the fissure shoots out steam and spews some molt over the guard's legs. The guard screams and falls to the ground, thrashing abou ing to kick the searing lava off his smoking flesh. As the other kids cower, Short Round's humane instincts c to jump forward to help the guard who moments earlier was him -- Short Round tosses dirt on the guard's legs and grabs a g sack and starts rubbing the lava off.  Shorty notices som strange: The guard's eyes, which were glowing yellow before, are n ming and returning to normal.  The moaning guard looks at thankfully and then looks around as if waking from a nigh
133) 1) dialog: (to another slave kid) His eyes -- they go out.
133) 4) dialog: The pain -- the pain makes him wake up! (thinking quickly) Indy!  I can make Indy wake up!
133) 5) text: But the other guards push and beat the children back to w Short Round is shoved against a wall and groans -- he rea and grabs a large rock, lifting it defiantly -- But rather than heaving it at the guard, Short Round smas rock down on the leg chains binding him to the other chil Shorty beats at the chain with the rock, determined to es
133) 6) dialog: Indy!
136) 0) text: In the dark tunnel, a rock smashes down onto a chain -- a breaks it!  Short Round is exhausted.  He looks around fu and sees a guard approaching.
136) 1) text: Short Round takes a chance -- he dives and rolls across t tunnel.  He ducks behind a mine car full of rocks being p out by two chained children. The guard lumbers past unsuspectingly as Short Round make escape using the moving mine car as cover.
138) 0) text: Short Round races up a tunnel and then flattens himself b corner.  He peers anxiously into a large carven and sees guards walking away. When the coast is clear, Short Round darts across the cav long wooden ladder tilted up against a wall.  Short Round up the high ladder and sees a kid with a sack of rocks de from a burrow-hole half-way up the wall. The exhausted kid nearly collapses at the bottom -- then seeing Short Round.  Shorty motions for him to keep quiet Amaxed, the kid watches Short Round scramble up the ladde Shorty continues until he is high above the floor. Dirty faces stare out of the high burrow as Short Round s climbing.  The kids are astonished as Short Round suddenl and kicks the ladder away from the wall! The high ladder falls in an arc and what seem like sure s slowly resembles a mini-Indiana Junes stunt as Short Roun to the other side of the falling ladder -- Short Round holds on for dear life as the ladder crashes the opposite cavern wall -- giving Short Round access to roof-hole that leads up to the temple! Short Round scurries up the ladder and pulls himself up i chamber behind the altar.  He looks at the light flaring the statue of Kali --
138) 1) dialog: Indy -- !
140) 0) text: Short Round dashes across the dark chamber behind the alt peers out and sees Willie disappearing into the crewasse! sees Indiana watching impassively --
140) 1) dialog: No -- Indy -- wake up!
141) 0) text: Short Round suddenly darts out onto the altar and Mola Ra him and yells.  Several priests grab for Shorty.  He elud first priest, smashes the second in the stomach with his and runs like a little quarterback toward the fiery torch Short Round snatches the torch from the wall and charges Indiana.  Seeing him coming, Indy's eyes start glowing ye when Short Round runs up to him, Indiana suddenly swings backhands the little guy brutally across the face! The torch flies out of Shorty's hand as he's knocked agai wall by Indy's vicious blow -- Short Round wipes a little from his chin and stares at his hero in wounded disbelief Chattar Lal watches approvingly -- a priest moves toward Chattar Lal looks back toward the crevasse -- Willie hangs on the lowering frame, heat waves rising up scald her skin and she chokes as the sulphuric air burns lungs! Meanwhile Short Round is crawling backwards across the fl a look of terror on his face -- Indiana stalks him, hissi snarling, his eyes lgowing -- Short Round springs to his feet and tries to run -- Indy him and pulls him -- Shorty's hand grabs for another wall and just manages to yank it free! Indiana spins Short Round and clutches his throat.  As In strangles him, Short Round struggles and finally jams the into Indy's side.  The fiery torch burns Indy, smoking as sears his flesh, and he yells in pain.
141) 1) dialog: Wake up!  It's just a nightmare, Indy!  Wake up, please Indy!
141) 2) text: Indiana writhes in pain and Short Round sees the evil yel in Indy's eyes getting dimmer and finally going out.  Now seems like theold Indiana staring at him -- SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) Indy, you back?
141) 3) text: Suddenly a priest grabs Short Round and pulls him off Ind
141) 5) text: Short Round is firghtened as Indy grabs him from the prie Indy lifts Short Round into the air --
141) 6) dialog: No, Indy, no!
141) 7) text: He sets Short Round down on the brink of the crevasse an from doom.  Shorty looks down at the lava and is terrifie Indiana finally flahses him a quick smile and winks! Then Indiana whirls and punches the priest in the face! Round cheers, realizing that Indiana is back. SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) We got to help Willie!
143) 0) text: Mola Ram shouts at his priests and another one of them ru ward Indy on the platform.  Short Round dives and tackles priest. Chattar Lal finally leaps onto the crankwheel platform an sees him pull a dagger.  He slashes at Indiana and Indy h let go of the crankwheel -- the gears scream and the chai screech! Below in the crevasse, the iron frame plunges again towar crimson lava! On the platform, Indy hears the frame lowering and looks icked.  Chattar Lal slahses again with the dagger -- keep away from the cogwheel mechanism -- Indy suddenly kicks the dagger from Chattar Lal's hand sl in the stomach and dives toward the cogwheel mechanism. a iron rod and throws it into the gears -- the gears mangle the iron rod but finally grind to a stop ana grabs the crankwheel and starts winding it up furious Meanwhile, Short Round jumps onto the platform with Indy grabs a long wrench.  He starts swinging the wrench, keep last priests off the platfrom. The sacrificial frame finally rises up into view and Indi grabs it and swings it over onto the platform.  He looks lie anxiously as he releases her bindings -- Willie moans and moves her head.  Indy pulls her off the and she starts coughing.  Gasping for breath, Willie ervi fresh air flows into her lungs. Finally Willie opens her eyes and she sees Indiana.  Then notices something else and manages to cry out hoarsely --
143) 2) text: Chattar Lal grabs a pistol from an unconscious guard and whirls to see him pointing it -- Indy kicks the gun from and suddenly Chattar Lal starts shouting in a terrifying Chattar Lal's eyes glow as he lunges suicidally at Indian tempting to take Indy with him as he dives from the platf Crashing into Indy, Chattar Lal knocks both of them back sacrificial frame which swings out over the crevasse -- Indy manages to dive off the frame just in time.  He grab of the platform as the crankwheel screams and the frame f Looking up from the depths of the crevasse, we see the fr Chattar Lal on it plummeting downward into the sulphurous The frame finally crashes, splashing into the molten lava Chattar Lal's body explodes inot flame friefly -- his fle broiled off in an instant -- we glimpse a skeleton moment and then all is consumed and obliterated by the blazing l scramble over to Short Round who jumps off the platform a follow him across the altar. Indy sees Mola Ram quickly collecting the sacred Sankara Indiana rushes over and spins Mola Ram around -- He slugs the High Priest in the face and Mola Ram keels o backwards against the statue of Kali.  Short Round helps the Sankara Stones into Indiana's shoulder bag.
144) 0) text: Short Round, Willie and Indiana rush across the chamber b the altar.  They run over to the ladder and start climbin into the mines.
145) 0) text: Willie follows Short Round.  Indiana jumps down last and the ladder away, letting it crash to the floor so they wo followed. They draw the attention of the slave children working in nels around the cavern.  But it's the sight of the approa guard that worries Indy --
151) 0) text: The childrens' bare feet stomp across the wooden plank -- them the lava of the fire pit bubbles and shows outbursts flame. Indy stares at the plank and sees that it's starting to s from the intese heat rising up. On the far side of the plank, the children safely across through the deserted temple toward freedom. Willie and Short Round help the last kids out onto the pl Indy sees one child's foot break though the smoldering wo the kid in front pulls the child to safety. Willie and Short Round start to go out onto the plank but shouts at them --
152) 0) text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round run through the deserted tunnels.  They hear a rumbling noise and Indy leads them side tunnel.  They stop and peer into a quarry.
153) 2) text: Willie and Short Round watch the children push the empty cars.  The cars gain momentum and roll away down two dark nels. INDIANA (Cont'd) Come on, let's see if we can catch a ride...
153) 4) text: He pushes Short Round who darts out after a mine car roar and dodges across the tracks before the next one descends pushes Willie  into  position and holds her ready --
153) 9) text: They watch him run and hurdle a pile of lumber, bound up steps and duck behind a tool shack on the platform.  Indy out and grabs one of the passing slave children. They see Indy put his hand over the kid's mouth and whisp him.  He releases the kid who sneaks away, alerting the o children who start making their escapes into side tunnels Now Indy motions to Short Rounds and Willie to follow.  A start to move out they freeze dead in their tracks and In motions again angrily --
153) 11) text: Willie and Short Round see a guard coming up the steps on other side of the platform.  As the man rises he gets tal taller -- until they see it's a Thuggee giant coming up b Indiana. INDIANA (Cont'd) Come one, what's wrong?
153) 12) dialog: Behind you!
153) 15) text: Indiana suddenly punches the giant in the stomach -- the does not flinch, he just belches rudely. Indiana growls and winds up to take a killer swing -- he back, cocks his arm -- and suddenly turns and runs away. No dummy, Indy dashes over and picks up a piece of wood. giant starts toward him.  Indy drops the wood and looks a for a much larger piece of wood. As the giant stalks toward him, Indiana raises the large lumber -- Indy suddenly groans, drops the wood and clutch stomach.  Willie and Short Round looks startled --
153) 17) text: Short Round shakes his head.  They see Indy recover from spasm as the giant rushes him.  Indy jumps aside, landing loaded mine car that is passing by. The car is being dragged up the dump ramp and the giant j onto it after Indiana.  Indy quickly grabs a rock and, as giant rushes him, Indy smashes the rock against the big m skull! Unfortunately, it's the rock that shatters and not the sk Indy dives to the other end of the mine car and lifts a l boulder. Suddenly Indy drops the boulder and grabs him arm, feelin shooting pain again.  Then he yells as he feels yet anoth bing pain in his left leg.
153) 19) text: Shorty is convused and worried -- and then he sees someth looks up and there on a rock-cut balcony over the cavern little Maharajah! The little prince clutches the clay krtya doll that repre Indy.  He jabs it in the leg with a long sapphire-tipped pin. On the mine car, Indy yells and grabs his right leg, whic collapses beneath him.  Short Round takes off.  He dashes the platform toward a bucket-chain carrying spent water b to the cistern. Short Round leaps over the pool of water and grabs onto a He rises up on this make-shift elevator toward the rock b and the malicious little Maharajah. Meanwhile, Indy is on the brink of unconsciousness as the massive hands throttle his neck.  Indy's head hangs over of the mine car and suddenly his eyes widen -- The car with Indy and the giant reaches the peak of the d and its upended -- spilling both of them and a shower of down the conveyor belt! Down below, Willie dodges wooden pillars and weaves aroun quarry equipment, trying to follow Indy's battle with the She trips and swears angrily -- Willie pushes and empty mine car out of her way -- an emp car!  She runs back and starts shoving the mine car along rails toward the conveyor belt.
153) 21) text: Near the waterfall, Short Round ascends on the rising buc chain.  Up on the balcony, the little Maharajah chuckles he watches Indiana on the conveyor belt -- The Maharajah lifts the clay doll and viciously jabs the the back of it! On te conveyor, Indiana gets to his feet and then yells a stabbing pain lacerates his back!  He falls and writhed h ly as the giant staggers up the rocky conveyor belt towar Willie shoves the mine car forward.  She sees Indy's desp situation as he's pulled along the conveyor toward the ro crusher!
153) 23) text: She looks up and sees Short Round leap from the bucket-ch the balcony.  The little Maharajah's eyes glow fiendishly lifts the clay doll -- and jabs the pin into the doll's f On the conveyor belt, Indy yells agonizingly and clutches stabbed face!  Behind him, rocks explode as they're crush pulverized by the mammoth roller. In front of Indy, the Thuggee giant grabs a pick-axe as t veyor slides past a tool bin.  The giant approaches Indy Short Round dashes across the balcny and tackles the Maha They fall and fight like mortal enemies.  Short Round see little Maharajah's eyes glowing as he punches him in the Only a few feet away from the rock-smashing roller, Indy on his back on the conveyor belt, thrashing in pain, feel Maharajah's pin piercing his face.  The giant raises the above his head and it about to split Indiana in two! On the balcony, the Maharajah drops the doll and Short Ro dives for it -- he grabs the clay doll and pulls out the On the conveyor belt, Indiana is suddenly released from t and looks up to see the giant swinging the pick-axe.  Ind aside at the last minute! The pick-axe cleaves into the conveyor belt and the giant forward -- Indy gives him a helpful kick, sending the gia flying toward the rock-crusher as Indy jumps off the conv belt! Seeing the huge roller looming in front of him, the giant desperately against the movement of the conveyor belt -- gets snagged! The sash around his waist gets caught under the rolling c and he's dragged back under it feet first.  The Thuggee g screams hideously as his body is rolled over and squashed enormous stone wheel! On the balcony, Short Round is jabbing the pin into the s little Maharajah.  The little pricne's eyes still glow ye he hollers --
153) 24) dialog: How you like bing pin cushion, Mr. Rajah-ha-ha?
153) 25) text: The little prince rolls on the ground and tries to fight Short Round who keeps jabbing him -- suddenly the Maharaj swings and the pin is accidentally rammed clear through h Shorty sees the pin sticking through both sides of the ki hand.  The Maharajah stares at his pierced hand, gasping astonishment. Short Round notices the yellow glow dying out of the Maha eyes -- just as Indy's eyes cleared after he was released Kali's trance.
153) 27) text: Short Round yanks the pin out of the little prince's hand Maharajah looks like he's jsut awakened from a bag dream.
153) 28) dialog: It was the black sleep of Kali...
153) 33) text: Up on the rock balcony, Short Round lowers himself over t The little Maharajah grabs his arm --
153) 36) dialog: Thanks pal.
153) 38) dialog: Good luck.
153) 39) text: Short Round slips over the edge and slides down a wet sta to the floor of the cavern. There he finds Willie swinging the brake-handle and smash guard in the gut.  The man doubles in pain -- Willie kick putt and he splashes into the pool of water.
153) 41) dialog: Willie, come on!
153) 42) text: Willie starts pushing the empty mine car with Short Round SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) You do pretty good for a girl!
153) 43) text: Across the quarry, Mola Ram and six temple guards run out high platform next to the waterfall.  Mola Ram sees Willi Short Round pushing the mine cat. Mola Ram shouts to his men -- two of them pull pistols an fire! Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Short Round shoves to the far side of the car where they both take cover. Meanwhile, up on a catwalk, a guard slices a sword throug air and Indiana ducks!  The sword slashes into a wooden r and the guard tries frantically to pull it out -- Indiana slams kis knee up into the guard's stomach and th smashes his fist down on his neck -- the man collapses. hears more gunfire. Indiana rushes along the catwalk toward the platform abov edges against the wall below the platform, staying out of as he unfurls his whip. One of Mola Ram's guards fires again from the high platfo Indiana lashes the whip -- the whip wraps around the gunm arm and Indy yanks on it -- The gunman topples through the air and crashes down onto walk.  Indy grabs the gun.  He kicks the guard off the ca and the man falls into the waterfall pool. As the other guards fire down at him, Indiana dodges alon catwalk and fires back at them.  A bullet explodes near M and he ducks back -- Meanwhile, Short Round and Willie have the mine car rolli they jump into it --
153) 44) dialog: Indy!  Hurry!
153) 45) text: Indiana spots the rolling mine car racing across the quar takes off and runs along the catwalk -- bullets explode a him, splintering wood.  Indy reaches the end of the catwa Suddenly he dives into the air and catches hold of a bloc tacke!  Indy skids along the pulley system, sliding down toward the mine car in which Short Round and Willie are r Bullets whiz past as Indiana sails in the air above the s mine car - when they are in sync, Indy lets go and drops mine car next to Willie and Short Round! Mola Ram rushes forward and watches the speeding mine car down the track toward the tunnels --
153) 47) text: In the speeding  mine car, Indy sees the tracks separatin directions -- one back into the quarry, the other toward nels that lead out of the mines. Indiana lifts a shovel from the floor of the car and swin just in time -- he hits a switch which CLANGS as they spe and the car is shunted tipsy-turvy onto the track toward tunnels. Willie hangs on as the car tears down the track toward th on the right -- and Short Round looks worried --
153) 48) dialog: No, Indy, it's left tunnel.
154) 0) text: The wind rushes past Indiana as the car descends into the and picks up speed.  Willie hangs on with Short Round -- car roars around a curve and flies fater along the rails.
157) 0) text: The mine car hurtles past.  Indy sits in front, pulling b the brake-lever to control their speed and keep them from ing off the tracks. Expecting trouble, Short Round peers over the back end of car.  Willie ducks low, watching the heavy beams flashing ously close above their heads. Then Willie's eyes go wide and she groans in terror like on a roller coaster as the mine car suddenly plunges down taking their stomachs with it. A gunshot rings out and Short Round sees the first Thugge appear around a curve behind them.  Mola Ram's gunmen sta blasting.  Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Indy yel to Short Round.
157) 2) text: Short ROund scurries forward and grabs the brake from Ind INDIANA (Cont'd) Slow on the curves or we'll fly off the tracks!
157) 3) dialog: Read you loud and clear, Indy!
157) 4) text: Short Round grins as he holds the brake -- Willie realize this is Shorty's idea of a good time!
159) 0) text: Indiana is crouched in the back of the zooming mine bar b away with the pistol he captured in the quarry. A gunman in the car behind returns his fire, the explosio lighting up the tunnle walls. Indy aims and fires again -- the gunman is hit and knocke in the car.  Another guard with a Khyber rifle moves up t front and starts firing. Meanwhile, as the car goes into a hard turn, Short Round the brake -- beneath the car we see the brake-pad scrapin metal wheel. The tunnel gets lower and Indy has to duck under each bea over and can only pop up to fire between the low beams. The rifleman in the car behind is relading.  Then he lift rifle -- Indy pops up simultaneously and shoots! The gunman is hit, his rifle flies up and his head smashe against the beam hurtling above!  Screaming horribly, the is knocked from the speeding car like a broken doll.
161) 0) text: Indiana runs out of bullets.  He sees the car behind gett closer.  He tosses the pistol and hits a Thuggee in the h Another Thuggee retrieves Indy's pistol and starts reload Suddenly Indy is being shot at by his own gun and he yell Short Round
161) 2) dialog: What?!
161) 6) text: Short Round looks scared as Indy released the brake and t hurtles toward a curve.  They grab the sides of the car a precariously.  Behind them, the curve throws the gunmen f to side in the car following.
161) 7) dialog: Indy, look out!
161) 12) text: Willie and Short Round jumps over to his side as the car around the curve!  Indy looks back and sees the car pursu is also taking the curve at full speed -- Suddenly the Thuggee car swereves dangerously, the weight too much to the outside -- and the car derails! The car bounces off the tracks and flies through the air siding where is CRASHES against a stone wall in an EXPLOS rock and metal! Pieces of debris pommel the drive of the second Thuggee c he quickly grabs for the brake to slow down and avoid the fate! In the lead car, Indy smiles smugly as Willie opens her e
163) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round heft a railroad tie out of th bot the car and Willie watches them lift it onto the back -- As gunfire continues to explode from the car behind them, and Short ROund shove the railroad tie off the back of th The wooden railroad tie falls and bounces back across the The gunmen in the car behind spit it and yell in panic -- Indy and Willie watch the car behind crash into the railr -- but the tie just skids, catches and bounces up and out way like a huge tumbling matchstick!
165) 0) text: The walls of the tunnel flash past and curves appear sudd of the darkness as the hair-raising chase continues -- Short Round and Willie struggle to help Indy lift a large from the bottom of the speeding mine car. The cars descend again into a stretch of much lower tunne the beams flash past inches above them.  Indy judges the
165) 4) text: Short Round dives for the front of the car and ahppily pu brake lever -- it doesn't work!  Short Round yanks on it -- the brake level suddenly breaks off!
165) 5) dialog: Indy!!
165) 6) text: Indy sees Short Round holding up the broken brake lever! crawls quickly toward Shorty while Willie holds on for de Completely out of control, the car hurtles down a decline section where the tunnel if larger again -- Indiana bends over the front of the car and looks underne sees the brake tension hanging loose from the brake-pad. pulls himself back up and looks at Willie and Short Round
165) 8) text: Willie looks terrified but helps Short Round grab onto In and the back of his jacket.  He skips over the front of t and swings a leg underneath -- Indy is inches above the rails and the rocky ground blurr neath the car as he tries to kick at the brake-pad.  His fall and he bumps along, dragged dangerously for a moment Indy manages to find a foothold on the undercarriage of t As they hold onto him, Indy kicks again and his foot hits brake-pad.  He shoves it and slowly the pad closes agains spinning wheel...
165) 10) text: Willie and Short Round look up and see that the tunnel is ahead and the track dead-ends into a stone wall!
165) 21) text: Indiana and Short Round notice that Willie's sloed and th running -- they also see the cataclysm of water crashing tunnel toward them. Indy runs back and grabs Willie.  All three of them take running faster than they've ever run in their lives! The tidal wave smashes forward, booming behind them and I realizes quickly that they're going to lose this race.  S he sees a small side-tunnel in a bend ahead --
165) 23) text: They lunge toward the hole and Short Round dives in it fi Indiana shoves Willie into the hole and jumps in after he as the colossal tidal wave explodes  past!
168) 0) text: The tunnel exits midway up a cliff and the three totter p ously on the brink looking down at a 300 foot sheer drop a gorge below! Indiana swings Willie onto a narrow ledge on one side and Short Round after her -- he jumps himself to the other si as the tidal wave crashes past them! The water bursts out of the tunnel -- the gusher spews fo the cliffside into the air as if Hoover Dam just broke lo Short Round and Willie balance on the narrow ledge on one the geyser -- Indy is perches on the ledge on the other s the incredible eruption of water. Willie gets vertigo looking down into the gorge where the crashes at the bottom.  There crocodiles are disturbed an slither angrily. Indy looks up and sees a rope bridge swinging about twent above Willie and Short Round.  Indy shouts across the bla water --
168) 3) dialog: Nothing to it -- follow me!
169) 0) text: Willie and Short Round pull themselves up at the end of t bridge.  Behind them a dark tunnel runs back into the min What's in front of them is hardly more reassuring -- The rope bridge across the gorge is a century old and def wasn't built by army engineers.  Laying across the two bo rope-spans, worm-eaten and moldy boards offer risky footi Vertical side ropes connect the bottom rope-spans to the per ropes that constitute the dangerous hand-railings. Short Round steps tentatively out onto the bridge.  It ho and he turns and smiles at Willie --
169) 1) dialog: Easy like pie!  Kid's stuff!
169) 2) text: Suddenly the board under him breaks! Willie grabs Short R before he falls into the abyss!  Looking pale and less co Short Round starts out again and Willie follows his caref They continue stepping across the bridge cautiously, a fe more difficult by the bridge's constant swaying and the h stopping up and down movement. Behind them, Indy finally pulls himself up from under the He stands up and sees Willie and Short Round halfway acro already.  Then he hears something and turns quickly -- he his whip out and ducks to the side of the tunnel as two T guards rush out. Indy cracks the whip, catching the first guard around the the guard spills forward and trips the second guard.  The man tries to stand but Indiana kicks him in the head. The second guard gets to his feet and seings his sword -- ducks, slams him in the stomach and dives for the first g sword.  He grabs it and rolls aside quickly as the second attempts to slice him in two! Indy gets to his feet and immediately finds himself about gage in a sword duel with the enraged Thuggee guard.  Ind at the unfamiliar sword, hefts it, and tries to quickly d the best way to use it -- Suddenly the guard shouts and charges.  Indy decides shou must be the "de rigueur" technique and shouts back loudly two swords CLANG and spark as the duel erupts. Indy flails and feints and the Thuggee guard lunges and s Indy finally gains the upper hand and dispatches the Thug guard who slumps defeated into the dirt. Keeping the sword, Indy starts out onto the bridge, walki quickly as possible across the rickety span.  He hears sh ahead and looks worried then temple guards appear at the of the bridge. The guards suprise Willie and Shorty as they finally get the bridge.  Struggling   futilely with the guards, Willi at Indiana --
169) 4) text: Indy sees more Thuggee guards rushing out of the tunnel b him.  He turns and sees two of the tmeple guards who capt Willie and Short Round coming across the bridge in front Indy stands helpless in the middle of the swaying bridge guards approaching from both sides, and nothing but heave and the rocky gorge hundreds of feet below! A wind comes up and the High Priest, Mola Ram, appears on end of the bridge.  He stands with the guards who hold Wi Short Round. The wind whips around Indy and he staggers unsteadily on swaying bridge as he watches Mola Ram --
169) 12) text: Mola Ram motions again the his guards (looking more nervo step farther out onto the bridge, mvoing closer to Indy f sides. Indy swings the sword again, cutting into the other rope- It, too, is now partially severed and frays slowly.  The jolts and Indy and the guards sway precariously! Suddenly Mola Ram shoves Short Round out onto the bridge. High Priest draws a dagger and pushes Willie onto the swa span, holding the knife behind them both. MOLA RAM (Cont'd) Your friends will die with you!
169) 13) text: In different times this would be called a Mexican stand-o Indiana looks at the guards in front and behind him.  He Willie and Short Round out on the bridge now with Mola Ra their backs.
169) 15) text: Indy and Short Round's eyes meet -- and the kid realizes hero isn't kidding.  Willie looks at Shout Round anxiousl notices that Shorty is surreptitiously wrapping his foot rope support. Petrified, Willie also secretly wraps her foot around a r does likewise with her arm --
169) 18) text: Indiana swings the sword with all his might -- it whooshe through the air and slashes clear through the top and bot ropes --! Immediately Mola Ram's guards start to flee in panic -- t Indiana swings the sword again and the two ropes on the o side are severed -- The rope bridge is sheared in two!  It breaks in the midd both halves fall apart!  The guards scream horribly in th they plunge down into the rocky gorge! Willie and Short Round cling to their established foothol fall with the bridge toward the wall of the gorge.  Mola spills forward, clutching desperately at the ropes and sl Below them, Indiana has latched onto a rope and swings wi bridge as it hits the gorge wall and hangs vertically now ling from its moorings at the top. There's an instant of suspended animation as all who rema realize they are alive.  Short Round and Willie cling nea top of the now vertical bridge. Below them, Mola Ram clutches onto one of the main ropes directly above him the last of his guards holds on for de Short Round and Willie struggle upwards, clutching ropes stepping on slats.  Finally, Short Round heaves himself u solid ground and turns to help Willie up. Meanwhile, dangling below on the bridge, Indy reaches up grabs Mola Ram's leg.  The High Priest kicks and tries to Indy's grip.  He kicks again and smashes Indy in the face Indy won't let go.  Suddenly the High Priest reaches up a his own Thuggee guard and yanks his down by the front of shirt -- Mola Ram shoves the luckless guard down onto Indy, trying dislodge him by sacrificing the screaming Thuggee.  Indy to hang on.  The Thuggee is less fortunate and falls scre his death. Then Mola Ram looks across the gorge and yells.  Indy see of the last Thuggee guards streaming out of the tunnel -- to be stranded on the far side of the now bridgeless gorg Indy starts climbing up after Mola Ram again.  He grabs a back of Mola Ram's robe and pull him down.  Slipping, Mol turns and it's Indy's chance to punch Mola Ram in the fac Mola Ram's eyes are glowing yellow and he's shouting inco ly.  He grabs the strap of Indy's shoulder bag and stamps dy's hand -- Indy falls! Indiana slips downward, scrambling to catch hols of somet meanwhile, Mola Ram now has the bag with the Sankara Ston Indy finally stops his downward slide and dangles dangero near the bottom of the bridge. Across the gorge, the Thuggee guards run up a path to a s gove of trees growing on a plateau above the gorge.  The have bows and arrows and take firing positions -- At the top of the bridge, Mola Ram keeps climbing until r start poundinghim from above -- Willie and Short Round pe with rocks which he tries to block with his arm. Indiana starts to climb again, using all his strength.  H reaches for a wooden slat -- suddenly a flaming arrow sma into the wood! Indy turns in amazement and sees more flaming arrows rock across the chasm directy for him! Across the gorge, by the grove of trees, a Thuggee priest orders to the archers who continue to launch the flaming Indiana crawls up as the bridge starts to burn from the c ing bursts of fiery arrows.  At the top, Mola Ram reaches perately for a hand old -- Willie smashes his hand with a The High Priest yells in pain and slips down to where Ind him again in the face!  They struggle as the fire burns u beneath them. On the cliff above the fallen bridge, Willie watches the rising toward Indy and Mola Ram as they fight.  Short Rou and sees something --
169) 19) dialog: Willie, look!
170) 0) text: Indiana crawls up the burning bridge and Willie and Short reach for him at the top.  They pull him up onto the clif they all look around exhausted -- Across the gorge, more British troops emerge from the min nels to subdue the remaining Thuggee guards on that side. Finally the little Maharajah comes out of the dark mine t He sees Short Round across the gorge -- and bows to thank his help.  On the other side, Short Round waves his cap, him back. Willie stands at the edge of the gorge looking down into er far below.
170) 4) text: Short Round watches Willie take it carefully from Indiana gazes at it and looks delighted --
171) 0) text: The sun flares and silhouettes three figures coming over hilltop.  Behinf them we see more smaller silhouettes app over the rise. Indiana, Willie and Short Round walk back down the dirt r Mayapore -- followed by a multitude of children returning their homeland. Willie looks at the changed landscape and seems astonishe barren countryside has been reborn.  They see streams flo beneath green trees, flowers blooming and peasants harves golden grain in the fields.
172) 0) text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round lead the children down th village road.   Ahead they see villagers rebuilding their tive dwellings. Now they hear shouts of joy from the peasants.  The child returning home start running to meet their parents who ar ing out to greet them. There is laughter and tears as families are reunited.  In sees the old shaman approaching with the chieftain and th village elders. The shaman touches his fingers to his forehead and bows. three travelers return his greeting and the shaman is qui as he speaks to Indiana --
172) 15) text: Suddenly the bullwhip CRACKS and wraps around her waist. tled Willie looks angry as Indiana reels her in, pulling ward him and into his arms.  But when he finally kisses h doesn't seem to mind at all... Short Round shakes his head, but looks sort of pleased. turns away, his face lights up! Short Round runs toward the sunset, toward the three elep being brought back to the village.  The baby elephant sta walking faster, as if he recognizes Short Round running o meet him...