3) 0) text: Short Round enters and stares across the smoky nightclub. stage, he sees a giant paper-mache dragon laying curled a the pagoda. Now, the dragon's eyes light up, its nostrils exhale smok its enormous jaws open.  Out of the dragon's mouth walks of the stage show: WILLIE SCOTT, a dreamy beauty singing a sultry solo white chestra wails the accompaniment. But Short Round's not here to ogle crooning dames.  He su the rich Chinese, American and European revelers.  Jewels and champagne flows.  Short Round finally spots a table o somber-looking Chinese men in suits. Short Round chews gum and stares at the men.  Then he tur go.  WU HAN, a waiter with a scar across his cheek, watch Round leave.
5) 0) text: The man in the tuxedo stops to watch Willie Scott singing on the stage.  Then he looks around and sees the table of Chinese men that Short Round spotted earlier. As the man in the tuxedo walks toward the table, he remov cigarette from a silver case.  He arrives at the table ju the chorus and orchestra reach a crescendo -- And on the stage, a glistening, muscular slave swings a h mer toward an enormous brass gong -- The man in the tuxedo leans to receive a light from a cig girl and, as the GONG BOOMS, the match flares to reveal h for the first time: It's INDIANA JONES.  Elegant in a tuxedo -- dressed to ki TITLES END and over this a legend appears on the screen:
5) 22) text: Now a pretty hand slips onto Lao's shoulder and he looks see Willie Scott.  Lao kisses her hand.  Willie is unawar explosive mood at the table and she smiles flirtaciously ana.
5) 23) dialog: (to Lao) Aren't you going to introduce us?
5) 25) text: Willie sits down between Lao and Indy.  She takes out a s mirror to check her make-up. LAO (Cont'd) Dr. Jones found Nurhachi for me and is about to deliver him -- now.
5) 26) text: Lao nods across the table and Indy sees KAO KAN, Lao's se son, open his coat and remove a silver-plated pistol.  In looks worried.  Willie doesn't notice as she fixes her ma and coyly teases Indiana.
5) 27) dialog: Well -- I thought archaeologists were always funny little men searching for their mummies -- (yelping) Aaahhh!
5) 32) text: The ritzy patrons at the tables nearby are unaware of the drama quietly unfolding at this table. Willie eyes the blade and whimpers.  She looks imploringl and he slowly reaches into his pocket.  He puts ten gold next to the cash on the table. Indy leans forward to look at the gold coins -- so intent he fails to notice Kao Kan spilling some powder into Indy pagne glass!
5) 34) text: The knife pokes Willie and she whimpers again.  Lao reach another pocket and brings out a folded piece of rice pape opens it and a large diamond and ruby spill out onto the INDIANA (Cont'd) Bingo...you see, Lao, with a but of persuasion, even you can be an honest fellow.
5) 35) text: Indy smiles and jabs the knife into the middle of the tab Then he lifts his champagne glass in a toast to Lao -- wh watches expectantly as Indiana moves the glass toward his Suddenly Willie stands angrily, jostling Indy's arm so th doesn't drink his champagne.
5) 36) dialog: Look at this!  He put a hole in my dress from Paris!
5) 39) text: Willie quickly obeys.  Lao forces a smile at Indy and lif glass to seal the deal -- LAO (Cont'd) To your health, Dr. Jones.
5) 44) text: Indiana is sweating.  Willie looks at him and sees Indy's shaking. LAO (Cont'd) The poison works fast, Dr. Jones. Where is Nurhachi?
5) 46) dialog: (nervously) This Nurhachi's a very small guy.
5) 51) dialog: So, what's the big deal?  Let me see it --
5) 52) text: Qillie grabs Lao's arm and some of the precious ashes spi of the gold box.  Stunned by this desecration of his ance Lao grabs Willie by the wrist and twists her arm --
5) 54) dialog: Ow, you're hurting me, you miser- able little hood!
5) 56) text: Lao just laughs evilly -- until a waiter moves up behind the crimelord suddenly stiffens.  He lets go of Willie's and raises his hands off the table.  Chen stops collectin money and jewels. Kao Kan tenses and Indy smiles at Wu Han, the Chinese wai the scar, who is standing behind Lao.  Wu Han has a towel his hand  --  under it, he has a pistol pressed against L spine. INDIANA (Cont'd) (smiling at Wu Han) I like the service here.
5) 57) dialog: (puzzled) Hey, he's not a waiter...
5) 65) text: Indy's gaze shifts from his dead friend to Lao's sneering Then Indy sees the murderous Chen giggling perversely.  I anger is compounded by the poison burning in his gut and ion of Chen's ugly face blurs into a double image -- Indy stands up unsteadily.  Chen assumes he's about to ke from the poison -- but Indy suddenly turns and grabs a re ter at another table.  The waiter holds a long skewer of pigeons that he's just set afire -- Indy grabs the skewer of pigeons flambee and hurls is acr table!  Chen fires and misses -- and screams as the skewe into his chest and the burning pigeons flame in front of rified face! This the other tables definitely notice.  There are screa all hell breaks loose.  Indiana shoves past Willie and re for the vial on the table --
5) 68) text: Meanwhile, Willie watches Lao grabbing for cash from the Willie lunges past the pigeon-skewered Chen to snatch the but unfortunately Kao Kan knocks them off the table as he to attack Indy. Indiana scrambles on his hands and knees after the rollin People keep kicking it -- he almost has it when Willie ru him, trips and lands on her back.
5) 70) dialog: Who cares?  Where's that diamond!
5) 71) text: Gunfire explodes and they both scramble in different dire Indy dives through the fleeing nightclub patrons and slid hind a water-spewing fountain.  Water kicks up as Indy is by Lao and his henchmen. Indy sees the vial of antidote kicked again and it spins the marble floor -- feeling the poison, Indy shakes his h groddily and splashes water on his face. Meanwhile, Willie is chasing her diamond, shoving through panicked crowd.  She spots the diamond!  Another elegantl dresses soman is bending to pick it up --
5) 72) dialog: (acidly polite) Excuse me, but I believe that's my diamond!
5) 73) text: Willie smiles and suddenly kicks the woman in the butt! reaches to get the diamond but not before the other woman her. Behind the fountain, Indiana makes a break -- he runs and on top of a serving cart.  The wheeled cart hurtles towar suspecting gunman, crashes into him from behind and sends flying head first into a row of ice buckets. Nearby, Willie slugs the other lady in the jaw and grabs elusive diamond just as the ice buckets showers ice acros floor -- which camouflages the diamond!
5) 74) dialog: Aw nuts!
5) 75) text: Searching desperately for the jewel, Willie sees the vial antidote spinning across the floor --as it slides by, she it.
5) 77) text: She sees Indy speeding by atop the serving cart.  Lao and gunmen rush out to block the way.  Indy rolls off the car slides behind a potted palm as Lao's men open fire again. INDIANA (Cont'd) (shouting to Willie) Hey, don't go away!  I need that!
5) 78) text: Willie smiles meanly as she slips the vial down the front dress, thumbs her nose at Indiana and walks away. INDIANA (Cont'd) If I wasn't dying, I'd kill her...
5) 79) text: Hiding behind the palm tree, Indiana looks around and spo ant statue at the side of the stage.  Indy makes a break As the gunmen open fire, Indy springs onto a chair -- jum a table -- and leaps onto the stage.  He grabs the golden sword from the Chinese warrior statue! As bullets smash into the statue, Indiana hides behind it he jumps out and swings the large sword toward the enormo gong. The crimson cord holding the gong is SLASHED!  Indy sling sword at his assailants and gives the three-meter-high go helpful shove -- The giant gong rolls and echoes as it crashes down the ma steps.  Indiana ducks behind it as it gains momentum and across the dance floor. Using the gong as an enormous shield, Indy evades the gun ploding -- bullets ricochet off the rolling brass gong as runs behind it. Ahead, Willie hurries toward an exit -- she hears somethi turns -- her eyes go wide as she sees the mammoth gong be down on her! Willie yells as Indiana grabs her arm and pulls her behin gong with him -- Lao watches amazed as he and his gunmen dodge tables tryi get better firing positions -- and more henchmen come int club now and start firing machine guns! As bullets clang against the gong, Indiana and Willie run it.  Willie hollers as they head directly for a towering, to-ceiling window! Indiana grabs Willie around the waist and, after the huge crashes through the stained-glass window, they both fly a
6) 0) text: In a shower of sparkling glass, the enormous gong sails o crashes down a sloping green-tiled roof.  Indiana Jones a lie Scott hurtle into the night air after it! The gong rolls down the roof and they hit the tiles behin Indiana holding onto Willie as they roll one-over-the-oth toward the edge -- Willie screams as they fall into thin Their entwined bodies plummet three stories:  ripping thr third-floor awning, crashing through an old man's mattres second-floor balcony -- Finally they smash through the convertible top of a parke berg and fall into the back seat!
7) 0) text: Willie sits up wide-eyed, speechless and amazed to be ali Then she sees an equally astonished Short Round looking a from the front seat.
7) 5) dialog: For crying out loud, a kid's driv- ing the car?!
9) 0) text: As Short Round eagerly swerves around a corner, Willie ho for dear life.  Indiana suddenly puts his hand down the f Willie's dress --
9) 1) dialog: Listen, we just met for crissake! I'm not that kind of gril!
9) 4) dialog: You don't look very good.
9) 7) text: As the car accelerates, Indy peers out the back window at pursuers.  Willie notices her reflection in the side wind
9) 8) dialog: Look at what you've done to me! I'm a mess!  My lipstick's smeared, I broke two nails, I've got an aw- ful run in my stocking -- !
9) 9) text: Gunfire suddenly explodes, bullets whizz through the canv and the rear window shatters and sprays glass!  Willie du cringes terrified in the corner --
9) 13) dialog: What're we going to do?!  Where're we going?!
11) 7) text: Willie reaches for the extra ticket.
11) 8) dialog: I'll take the extra ticket. (grabbing it from Indy) Where's this plane going anyway?
11) 10) dialog: Siam?  But I'm not dressed for Siam...
13) 0) text: The Duesenberg swings around a curve and skids through gr ward the airfield.  In the distance there is a small term Short Round wheels the car toward the cargo area -- A two-engine passenger plane is revving its motors and th passengers are boarding.  The Duesenberg squeals to a sto Indy jumps out with Willie and Short Round right on his h A contingent of airport Military Police move to bar their until WEBER, a heavy-set Englishman, runs up pufffing and ing.
14) 0) text: Willie and Short Round charge up the ladder and onto the Indy pauses at the top of the steps to give Lao a cocky f salute.  Indy boards the plane and the co-pilot slams the
17) 0) text: A door opens at the rear of the plane and Indiana Jones e wearing more familiar attire:  a beat-up leather jacket o khaki shirt and a snap-brim hat.  He passes a dozen passe he moves up the aisle carrying his rolled-up tuzedo. In the first row, Willie is busy fixing her make-up.  Sho in the seat across the aisle from her.  Indy comes up and his tuxedo onto the floor. Willie sees him hook his coiled bullwhip over a coat-peg.
17) 1) dialog: So, what're you supposed to be, a lion tamer?
17) 4) dialog: I'm freezing.  What do you mean, tag along?  From the minute you walked into that nightclub, you haven't been able to keep your eyes off me.
21) 2) text: Willie shakes Indy's arm but he continues snoring under h
21) 3) dialog: Wake up!  It's the drug he drank to stop the poison --
21) 4) text: The cockpit door bursts open and the Chinese co-pilot exi make an announcement -- he smiles and speaks in CHINESE, smiles and speaks in FRENCH -- Willie looks lost until the Chinese co-pilot smiles again speaks in ENGLISH --
21) 6) text: The co-pilot hurries toward the rear.  Willie looks petri a stewardess rushes up and hands her a parachute.
21) 7) dialog: You got to be kidding!  No!  No, I can't!
21) 8) text: The pilot hurries out of the cockpit and grabs his parach he heads toward the back. WILLIE (Cont'd) Wait -- who's flying the plane?!
21) 9) text: She opens the door to the cockpit -- WILLIE (Cont'd) Nobody's flying the plane ...
23) 3) text: Short Round suddenly butts the co-pilot in the stomach wi head.  The co-pilot yells and falls out the door.  Short sees the co-pilot's parachute billow.  Then Willie rushes
23) 4) dialog: Give me that parachute, I changed my mind --
23) 7) text: They scuffle until the parachute skids across the floor. Round jumps for it -- the parachute falls out the door an Round starts to fall out after it! Willie grabs him by the seat of his pants and hauls him b the abyss!
25) 3) dialog: There's nobody flying the plane!
26) 0) text: The door flies open and Indy rushes in with Willie behind Indy appraises the situation quickly and jumps into the p seat with total confidence -- WILLIE (Cont'd) You know how to fly?
27) 0) text: Willie runs screaming out of the cockpit, her last hope s ed.  Shorty is pulling something out of the cargo compart he's found a machine gun and sets it up on a short tripod
27) 2) text: He pulls Willie down to the floor and shoves her the ammu belt that's draped toward the gun.  Then Shorty jumps beh machine gun -- As the first fighter appears off their side, Short Round out the open door!  The machine gun explodes to life, che bullets, smoking and spitting shells at Willie -- Willie hollers terrified by manages to feed the ammo belt Short Round sights the blazing machine gun -- suddenly he Willie sees the fighter hit -- it smokes and veers away - then EXPLODES!
27) 4) dialog: You got it!
30) 0) text: Indy rushes out of the smoking cockpit to find Willie and Round crawling out from under the debris that's fallen on Then Indy spots something in the wreckage -- He pulls at some yellow canvas and Willie sees as sign: E LIFE RAFT.  Indy drags the folded canvas over to the open
30) 1) dialog: Are you crazy, a lift raft?!  We're not sinking, we're crashing!
30) 3) text: Willie sees Short Round rush over to Indiana and grab him the waist from behind.  Willie finally jumps up and runs
30) 4) dialog: Wait for me!
32) 0) text: As the raft rockets down the snow, Indiana clutches the f Willie and Short Round hold on for dear life on either si him. The raft plummets down the mountain, crossing the timber- entering a forest.  Bouncing over a snow-hidden log, the shoots directly for a tree -- Indiana pulls on the perimeter rope, rolls on his side an ages to swerve the raft so it caroms offthe snow-drifted the tree trunk. Continuing its downhill run, the raft smashes across a sm steam, sending silvery water spraying. As the raft skids below the snow-level, it starts bouncin rocky ground and its three passengers' teeth start chatte
34) 0) text: The life raft drifts down the river and Indy looks around smiles cockily at Willie and Short Round -- Their faces don't show gratitude, but horror -- Indy hear thing and turns to see:
35) 0) text: The raft is heading directly toward a surging stretch of erous rapids.  Indiana looks less cocky as he and Willie Short Round hold on again for dear life! The raft plunges into the roaring torrent, bouncing over swollen waves, twisting and spinning through narrow gaps. three helpless passengers are drenched in the thundering of white water. Willie is hallering, Short Round hangs on wide-eyed and e looks terrified as the raft crashes down the rapids.  Fin after one heart-stopping bounce, the raft seems to slow.
36) 3) text: Indy looks over at Willie who is moaning. INDIANA (Cont'd) You all right?
36) 4) dialog: No... I'm not cut out for the kind of life you lead. (moaning) Oh no...I ripped my dress.  Where are we anyway?
36) 7) dialog: Holy cow -- India?  How do you know we're in --
37) 0) text: Indya and Short Round follow the shaman and four peasants gutted path through barren rolling hills.  Willie is out milieu, stumbling along this forlorn landscape in high he tuxedo jacket and disheveled lame gown. She hears the old shaman talking to Indy and catches up w to find out what's going on.
37) 1) dialog: (to Indiana) What'd he say?
37) 3) dialog: What do you mean -- how?
37) 5) dialog: Dream -- nightmare is more like it.
38) 3) dialog: (quietly to Indy) I hope this means we're going to get some dinner.
38) 4) text: Indiana sees the painted shaman, who sits next to the chi watching Willie.  The women bring in a bowl from which th tiny portions of grey gruel onto three plates. To this the women add a few grains of yellowed rice and a ered ,molding piece of fruit.  Willie looks aghast at the tizing combination.
38) 5) dialog: (quietly) God, I am starving, but I can't eat this...
38) 7) text: Willie looks around at the emaciated faces and feels like ing into a hole.
38) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, I -- here, please.
38) 29) text: Willie looks over at Indiana --
38) 30) dialog: Took what?
39) 9) text: Indy stands slowly.  Willie is beside him looking at the
39) 10) dialog: I don't understand how losing one rock could destroy this village. (whispering to Indy) Is it really powerful?
39) 20) dialog: Their children?
39) 31) dialog: What'd he say now?
43) 0) text: A few minutes later, the little boy is lying unconscious blanket.  Elders crouch around him.  Indy is kneeling and the shaman wet the boy's forehead with a rag and drip wat his lips. The little boy's eyes open and he begins to revive.  Shro And Willie watch from a corner as the little boy looks at faces peering down at him. The little boy's arm moves and he reaches out to Indy rat any of the others.  Indy takes his small hand and sees th boy's fingers are cut and bruised -- his fingers open and something into Indy's hand. The little boy tries to whisper.  Indy has to lean close as the little boy's lips move again --
44) 0) text: The camera follows Indiana -- he's walking fast and deter ly.  Villagers trot alongside of him, trying to keep up w pace as he questions thm in Hindi. Indy approaches two large elephants and sees their guide trying to politely drag Willie toward one of them.
44) 2) text: Willie's head comes up over the back of the elephant as s helped from below -- there is a look of sheer terror on h
44) 3) dialog: Whoa!  Easy now -- nice elephant...
44) 9) text: Meanwhile Sajnu goads Willie's elephant over.  The villag grief stricken and many are crying as they watch the thre gers' departure.
44) 10) dialog: (to Short Round) This is the first time anybody ever cried when I left.
44) 12) dialog: Figures...
44) 17) dialog: Pankot?!  I thought we were going to Delhi!  Hey, wait a minute! (looking at the villagers) Can't somebody take me to Delhi?! I don't want to go to Pankot!
44) 18) text: Sajnu guides her elephant and Willie lurches forward -- WILLIE (Cont'd) (yelling)  Indiana!  Damn it!  Why'd you change your mind?  What did that kid tell you last night?!
46) 0) text: Indiana rides the lead elephant.  Sajnu passes on foot gu Willie's elephant.  With the tuxedo jacket wrapped around waist, Willie is dabbing perfume behind her ears.
46) 1) dialog: (to her elephant) I think you need this more than me.
46) 2) text: Willie leans forward and puts perfume behind the elephant Grimacing at the animal's smell she simply dumps the rest perfume on the elephant's back. Willie yelps when the elephant's trunk comes back, sniffs foriegn fragrance and suddenly trumpets in disgust. WILLIE (Cont'd) What're you complaining about, this is expensive stuff!
47) 3) text: Indiana and Willie look up and see hundreds of enormous w creatures flapping across the afternoon sky.
47) 4) dialog: Those are very big bird.
47) 7) text: Willie shudders as she watches the bats.
49) 0) text: The three elephants stand sucking up river water with the trunks.  Seated on the huge beasts, Willie, Short Round a ana watch the thirsty animals.
49) 1) dialog: They must be pretty dumb to drink that awful-looking water.
49) 2) text: In response, Willie's elephant calmly lifts its trunk and her in the face.  Short Round and Indy laugh as Willie si soaked and shocked.
51) 0) text: Thirty yards upstream, birds and monkeys chatter in a tre the shady river beneath, Willie surfaces cooly and wipes from her eyes.  She hums contendedly. Indiana wanders up the riverbank in his dripping trousers notices Willie's wet clothes spread over a tree limb hang over the water and then he sees Willie paddling around.
51) 2) dialog: Stark naked?  You wish... If you're trying to seduce me, Dr. Jones, this is a very primitive approach.
51) 4) dialog: Somehow I feel safer in here.
51) 5) text: As Indy turns and starts off, Willie reaches up to the tr branch above her head and grabs her underwear.  At this m notice something awful: A BOA CONSTRICTOR is moving out along the branch, the eno snake slithering over Willie's clothes. Willie watches Indiana walk away as she reaches up for he -- her hands feel something strange -- not the dress and tree limb -- Willie looks up and sees that she's pulling on a snake! S SCREAMS as the boa constrictor falls off the t-ee on top Indy hears the scream and hears Willie calling to him.  H back toward the river.  Stopping on the riverbank, he see backing away in the water -- Indiana's already starting t his boots off --
51) 6) dialog: Indy!  Help me!
51) 8) dialog: A snake!
51) 11) dialog: A SNAKE!!
51) 12) text: He finally sees the boa constrictor thrashing in the wate to Willie.  He leaves his boots on. WILLIE (Cont'd) Hurry, help me out of here! What're you waiting for?!
51) 14) dialog: What?!
51) 16) text: Willie suddenly screams as the boa constrictor wraps arou arm --
51) 17) dialog: It's got me !  Indy, help me!
51) 20) dialog: It's pulling me deeper!
51) 22) dialog: It's curling around me!  Damn it, stop talking and do something!
51) 23) text: The snake is wrapping around her body and neck -- her hea barely above water -- On the riverbank, Indy reaches down and grabs a piece of But as he watches the repulsive reptile, he starts to swe his fear and loathing overpower him -- WILLIE (Cont'd) What's wrong?!  Indy please help me!
51) 26) dialog: What?!
51) 28) dialog: Just one arm!
51) 30) dialog: PET IT                        !
51) 32) dialog: THE WHAT?!
51) 34) text: In the water, Willie is whimpering as she lifts her hand starts petting the snake  coiling around her pale body.
51) 35) dialog: Oh -- my -- god -- it's going to crush me!
51) 37) text: Willie keeps rubbing her hand along the snakes head and b it slowly stops thrashing in the water. INDIANA (Cont'd) What's happening?
51) 38) dialog: It's starting to let go!
51) 41) dialog: It's letting fo.  I think it's -- I think it's going to sleep!
51) 42) text: Indiana looks relieved.  He sees the snake starting to dr from Willie and she starts paddling back to shore, collec floating clothes along the way. Holding her dripping dress against herself, she walks out water toward Indy who smiles at her weakly.
51) 45) dialog: Thanks for nothing!  I hate snakes!
52) 2) text: The baby elephant trumpets affirmitively. A ways off, Willie stands wrapped in a blanket watching S and the elephant as she dries her hair by a campfire.  No comes up and drops an armload of wood for yet another fir
52) 3) dialog: Where'd you find your little body- guard?
52) 6) dialog: (smiling) He'll be okay.  He's a good kid.
52) 7) text: Indy strikes a match and lights the new fire. WILLIE (Cont'd) All these fires -- you expecting more snakes, Dr. Jones?
52) 10) dialog: Well, when my nightclub career was run over by the Depression, some pinhead convinced me that "a girl could go places in the Orient..." So, look where I got.
52) 13) dialog: Oh, that's easy -- I'm going to latch onto a good-looking, in- credibly rich prince.
52) 16) dialog: (raising an eyebrow) Oh really?
52) 18) dialog: Is that what you're hoping to find at this palace, Dr. Jones?
52) 21) dialog: What's that?
52) 24) text: Willie sees a crude drawing in reds, blue and gold. INDIANA (Cont'd) The drawing shows a priest named Sankara who lived centuries ago.
52) 25) dialog: What does the writing say?
52) 27) dialog: (examining it) That's Shiva?  What's he giving the Priest?
52) 29) dialog: (looking at Indy) You mean magical like the rock that was stolen from that village?
52) 32) text: Willie seems frightened.  She hands him the piece of clot stands up.
52) 33) dialog: (quietly) Fortune and glory...sweet dreams, Dr. Jones.
52) 36) dialog: (smiling) I'd be safer sleeping with that snake.
52) 37) text: She steps over to a tree by the fire where her clothes ar ing.  Indy watches her pull her dried clothes from the lo branches. She reaches up to remove another piece of her clothing -- stuck to the tree and she looks up and yanks it.  Suddenl piece of clothing moves! Two enormous winds open and the hideous face of a GIANT B screeches and hisses at Willie!  She screams hysterically bat flaps against her, biting and scratching at her befor nally takes off. The bat flies off into the darkness and Indy chuckles as watches Willie shanking as she backs slowly toward the fi
52) 38) dialog: Did you see it?!  It was one of those bats! (staring into the darkness) God, what else is out there...?!
52) 41) dialog: Just try and control yourself.
52) 46) text: Now, we see that Short Round is guiding the baby elephant with a prod.  Willie watches, stifling a laugh as the ele trunk sniffs Indiana's ear -- INDIANA (Cont'd) You're going to start something I'm going to have to finish. (moaning) Okay, doll, you asked for it.
53) 3) text: Willie looks off at the resplendent while Moghul-style pa sing in the distance above the jungle.
54) 1) dialog: Why are we stopping here?
54) 2) text: Indiana goes back and joins the scared, jabbering guide w helping Willie down from the elephant.  Short Round jumps
54) 5) dialog: What's the guide talking about? He hasn't said a word the whole trip.
54) 7) dialog: He's afraid of something.
54) 9) dialog: You mean we have to walk the rest of the way?
54) 10) text: Willie moans and follows Indy.  Short Round watches the e trudging away.  The little elephant turns and looks back. Round quickly wipes a tear from his face.
55) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round hike up a rock-paved road beside wall.  Exhausted, carrying her high heels, Willie trudges behind them.
55) 1) dialog: -- shot at, fallen out of a plane, nearly drowned, squashed by a snake, attacked by a bat -- I smell like an elephant! (yelling) I tell you I'm not going to make it!
55) 2) text: Indiana finally stops.  He walks back to Willie, suddenly her us in his arms and starts carrying her the remaining Willie is surprised and puzzled.
55) 4) dialog: (smiling faintly) Yeah, I wish you'd thought of this sooner...
56) 0) text: The three travelers start across a marble bridge toward t entrance.  Lined along the bridge, palace guards stand wi lances. As the threesome passes, the first Rajput guard snaps noi attention and Willie jumps.  As Willie continues across t bridge, the other guards snap to attention in sequence an grins, enjoying the attention.
57) 0) text: Short Round and Willie follow Indiana through a dark arch a glittering courtyard.  The palace seems deserted and fo ing.
57) 3) dialog: (frightened) Hi...(hi)...(hi)...
57) 8) dialog: Hard to believe, isn't it...?
57) 10) text: He bows and Willie sort of curtsies. CHATTAR LAL (Cont'd) Welcome to Pankot Palace.
57) 11) text: They walk along the marble halls, past dazzling walls inl pieces of mirror and semi-precious stones.  Fountains spr ivory countyards and they gaze in awe at the ornate splen As Willie walks with Shorty she appraises the chronolgoic portraits of the Pankot Prices that line the hall.  Dissi faces, elegant faces, evil faces -- she reacts to them.
57) 12) dialog: (to Short Round) How'd you like to run into him in a dark alley...that one's kind of cute...I could see myself married to a prince like that...
57) 15) dialog: You should have been there...
57) 18) dialog: Is that him?
57) 19) text: They've come to the last in the row of Princes portraits. lie stops and looks up disappointedly at a picture of an immensely corpulent Rajput prince. WILLIE (Cont'd) (politely) He's not exactly what we call "a spring chicken".
57) 21) dialog: Oh -- good.  And maybe the pres- ent Marahajah is a little younger? And thinner?
57) 24) dialog: Dinner?  And with a prince?!  My luck is changing.  But look at me -- my god, I've to to get ready!
58) 0) text: An extraordinary gold dome rises in the middle of the ele gardens.  The Pleasure Pavilion is ablaze with torch ligh flickering candles and exotic music. Indiana comes out of the palace with Short Round.  Indy h tweed jacket and a nectie -- his university professor's o Short Round has been cleaned up, but still sports his bas cap. Willie joins them, looking stunning is a silk Western-sty gown.  She's also been loaned some Moghul jewelry which s on her neck and arms.
58) 2) text: Willie's flattered by the first nice thing Indy's said to
58) 3) dialog: It's sort of like being in heaven.
58) 4) text: They cross the garden toward the pavilion and Willie's ey like a kid's at Christmas.
59) 2) dialog: (snidely) She might get away with that act here, but she'd never make it in a real nightclub.
59) 5) text: Blumburtt bows to Willie and Indiana. CHATTAR LAL (Cont'd) Captain Blumburtt and his troops are here to check up on the "natives".
59) 8) dialog: Listen, Mr. Lal, what do you call the Maharajah's  wife?
59) 10) dialog: (happily) No?  Well, I guess he just hasn't met the right woman...
59) 11) text: As Willie chatters on with the Prime Minister, Indiana wa off.  He moves to a wall where bronze statues and strange tional objects are displayed.
59) 23) text: Indiana puts the doll down and looks over at Chattar Lal Willie.
59) 27) dialog: I think this Maharajah is swim- ming in money.  Maybe coming here wasn't such a bad idea.
59) 30) dialog: Finally!
59) 33) text: All eyes are on two solid silver doors which open -- and which now walks the MAHARAJAH ZALIM SINGH.  Everyone is b including Indiana and Willie, who looks amazed --
59) 34) dialog: That's the Maharajah -- that kid?!
59) 36) text: Indeed, Zalim Singh is only thirteen.  Outfitted in silve gold brocade, festooned with enormous jewels, the litlle jah gazes imperiously at the bowing crowd -- and then gla Short Round. Indy sees Short Round chewing gum, staring antagonistical the Maharajah.  Indy pushes SHort Round into a bowing pos The Maharajah finally sits down on golden pillows.  He no his guests take their seats.  Indiana sees Willie's dream queendom have vanished.
59) 38) dialog: I've never been so hungry in my life...
59) 39) text: Servants appear with silver platters of steaming food.  T place a platter in front of Willie and she stares at it i ment: It's a whole raosted boar, replete with a decorative arro ing its bloated stomach and tiny broiled baby bores place it as if they were suckling on their well-cooked mother.
59) 40) dialog: (grimacing) My god, sort of grusome, isn't it...?
59) 45) text: Servants put down another platter.  Willie stares at an e steaming boa constrictor on the platter.  With a flash of knife, a servant slits the huge snake and exposes a mass squirming, live baby eels inside...
59) 46) dialog: Suddenly I'm not so hungry...
59) 54) text: Short Round avoids the dinner by feeding it to his little as he listens to the scary conversation. The talk is bad enough, but Willie finds the food unbelie A servant leans overher shoulder and places a six-inch lo on her plate! Willie whimpers quietly as she watches the fat merchant n her lift one of the black, shiny baked-beetles -- and cra two!  The man proceeds to enthusiastically suck the gooey out.
59) 56) dialog: (weakly) I uh -- had bugs for lunch.
59) 68) text: During their conversation, Willie listens to beetles SNAP she watches revolted as the other dinner guests suck the insides out of the bugs.
59) 69) dialog: (to Short Round) Give me your hat...
59) 71) dialog: I'm going to puke in it...
59) 81) text: Indiana smiles faintly at Chattar Lal's anger.  Across th Willie looks pale and motions to the waiter.
59) 82) dialog: So you have something, you know, simple -- like soup or something?
59) 83) text: The servant goes off and returns with a covered bowl.  He ers it and Willie looks at a soup with a dozen eyeballs f in it.
59) 85) dialog: I wanna go home...
59) 86) text: Willie whimpers and tears start down her cheeks.
59) 99) text: Short Round's monkey suddenly screeches and takes off.  W closed here eyes in dread - but curiosity gets the best o and she looks -- it's worse than she could imagine: Plates full of small, dead monkey heads!  (*Production no cause of his extremely sensitive nature, the director has ted that these monkey heads be simulated). The tops of the monkey's skulls have been cut off and sit like little covers.  Willie watches in utter dismay as th rajah and his guests remove the skull-tops and start dipp spoons into what's inside -- MERCHANT (Cont'd) Chilled monkey brains!
59) 100) text: Willie keels over, crashing backwards in a dead faint!
60) 0) text: Women servants help a woobly-kneed Willie toward her room
62) 11) text: Short Round shakes his head scornfully as Indy crosses th and knocks on another door.  After a moment, the door ope Willie is standing there in a tempting nightgown.
62) 14) dialog: (disgusted) Not leftovers?
62) 16) text: Willie opens the bundle suspiciously -- then her hace lig as she examines the breads and fruits inside.
62) 17) dialog: Oh, it is real food...it's beautiful.
62) 18) text: She bites happily into a piece of fruit -- its juice runs her chin and Indy wipes it off gently with his hand.  The deliberately seductive and Willie is not displeased. WILLIE (Cont'd) You're nice.  Listen, I'm taking applications -- how'd you like to be my palace slave?
62) 21) dialog: Yeah -- and nothing else. (smiling) That shock you?
62) 24) dialog: You mean like love rituals...
62) 28) dialog: Primitive sexual practices?
62) 31) dialog: You're dying to come into my room, aren't you?
62) 33) dialog: Too proud to admit you're crazy about me, Dr. Jones?
62) 36) dialog: (watching him) We'll see who gives in first -- I'll leave my door open.
62) 38) dialog: Dr. Jones -- ?
62) 39) text: Indy stops by his door and sees Willie smiling as she hol five fingers -- WILLIE (Cont'd) Five minutes... you'll be back over here in five minutes...
62) 41) text: He winks.  She waves.  But neither one will surrender fir Willie does into her room, leaving the door ajar.  Indy o door.
64) 0) text: Willie stands likewise by her door, waiting to hear Indy back over.
66) 0) text: Willie moves around her lavish suite, turning down lights a romantic effect, checking herself in a mirror --
66) 1) dialog: (confidently) Five minutes, Dr. Jones...
68) 0) text: Lying in bed in a seductive pose, Willie waits for Indy t up and she starts to look worried.  She grabs a clock and it to see if it's working.  She taps her fingers irritabl dering in her charm has failed...
70) 0) text: Willie's finally had enough waiting and she gets out of b lantly.
70) 1) dialog: He's not coming...I can't be- lieve it...
70) 2) text: She walks across the room and opens the door.  She looks the empty hall -- and her resolve starts to weaken -- WILLIE (Cont'd) Well... (bracing herself) No!  I'm not going over there...
70) 3) text: She comes back into her room and kicks the door closed. WILLIE (Cont'd) Sleep tight, Dr. Jones! (suddenly melancholy) I could've been your greatest ad- venture...
71) 4) text: Short goes over and turns off the fan -- the assassin's b drops and Indy recoils his whip.  Suddenly they hear a hi scream -- Willie!
72) 0) text: In a tight close-up:  Willie screams again.  She's lying looking down at something -- Moving up her shapely leg, a green and black, monstrous-l insect crawls onto her stomach and Willie stops breather. bilized by fear, Willie watches in silent agony as the hi insect climbs slowly up her breast and slithers toward he Across the suite, the doors burst open and Indiana rushes Shorty is behind him, carrying Indy's whip.  Indiana leap stools and slides up to the bed to save WIllie -- Then he spots the giant insect crawling on her and decide have some fun.
72) 2) text: Willie speaks with desperate, fearful precision --
72) 3) dialog: No -- don't you see -- crawling --
72) 5) text: Willie is petrified and shaking.
72) 6) dialog: Get -- the -- bug -- off!
72) 9) text: Willie looks at the man-of-action like he's insane.  Then feels the bug crawling onto her cheek --
72) 10) dialog: Oh no -- oh no!!
72) 12) dialog: Please -- oh please, I'm going to die!  Get it off!
72) 13) text: Indiana shrugs and leans over and casually swats the horr off her face.  He and Short Round watch the insect skid a the floor -- and suddenly disappear as if by magic! Puzzled, they wander toward the wall, leaving Willie behi bathed in sweat, staring at the ceiling --
72) 14) dialog: What did I do to deserve this trip?!
72) 18) dialog: I'm packing!  I'm getting out of here right now tonight!
72) 25) text: Over behind the screen, Willie's getting into some silk p an Indian-style brocade bodice top --
72) 26) dialog: I don't care if I have to walk to Delhi, I'm -- hey!
72) 27) text: She notices Indy and Short Round bending to enter the dar behind the wall. WILLIE (Cont'd) Wait a minute!  What're you -- where're you going?!
72) 30) text: He disappears behind the wall and Willie looks worried.
74) 2) text: Then they hear Willie's voice echoing down the short tunn
74) 3) dialog: Hey -- where are you?!
75) 0) text: Back in the suite, Willie stands by the entrance to the s passage, peering into the dark tunnel -- WILLIE (Cont'd) Indiana Jones?!  Are you in there?!
77) 0) text: Willie listens and looks scared --
77) 1) dialog: (shouting back) What?!
77) 4) text: Willie is frightened, confused and jumping around --
79) 0) text: Willie finds the courage to finally whimper and step into dark passage --
79) 1) dialog: Oh hell -- I bet I get all dirty again!
80) 0) text: Willie starts down the dark tunnel toward the chamber.
80) 2) dialog: I'm coming, what's the rush?! Ohh!  What's that?!  There's stuff all over the floor!  I can't see a thing!
82) 0) text: Willie crawls and crunches on the littered floor --
82) 1) dialog: It's all wet and icky!  Aaahh -- things are moving!!
82) 5) dialog: (hysterical) There's bugs!  Bugs all over! Help!  Help me!
82) 7) text: Willie pounds on the door --
82) 8) dialog: OPEN THE DOOR!  LET ME IN!!
83) 2) dialog: A what?!
84) 0) text: Willie whines and frantically searches the wall.  Insects crawling and jumping on her and she kicks at them!
84) 2) dialog: I can't find any lever!  Help me Indy!
86) 0) text: Insects drop onto Willie from the ceiling and fly at her flattens against the wall.  Then her elbow hits something loose stone.  She claws at it and it falls out of the wal leaving a hole.
86) 1) dialog: There's a hole!  I found a square hole!
86) 3) dialog: I am -- it looks horrible!
86) 6) text: Willie moves her hand toward the nauseating hole then pul
86) 7) dialog: I can't, Indy!  I can't!
88) 0) text: Willie screams and jams her hand into the gross hole --
88) 1) dialog: Oh God, it's soft -- it's moving!
90) 0) text: She hears Short Round crying and twists her hand in the d ing hole.  Suddenly the door springs open!  Willie pulls out and stares in horror -- her hand and arm are covered greenish slimey mung!
91) 0) text: The spikes suddenly retract, disappearing into the wall a ing.  Indy pulls Willie inside the chamber and the door s shut again.  Willie dances around, yelling about the hide on her arm.
91) 1) dialog: Get is off me -- get it off!
91) 2) text: Indy helps her wipe it off.  Willie falls back against th WILLIE (Cont'd) You left me out there!  What in the hell were you doing in here?! I want to leave this place right now!!
92) 0) text: Indiana, Short Round and Willie exit the spike chamber an down a larger tunnel through which a roaring wind intermi blows, howling eerily like a note of gloomy music. Indiana follows a curve in the tunnel and they see light The wind holws another dramatic note which gales past the they reach the mouth of the tunnel. Indiana is joined by Willie and Short Round.  They all st astonishment at the sight below them:
94) 0) text: The moaning wind rushes past Indiana, Willie and Short Ro they watch the mystery cult below bowing toward an enormo at the far end of the temple. This altar is a platform jutting out from the stone wall cavern.  Separating the worshippers from this altar is a crevasse out of which wisps of smoke rise occasionally.
96) 0) text: Watching from the high opening, Willie looks disgusted.
96) 1) dialog: What is it...?
98) 0) text: Willie covers her mouth --
98) 1) dialog: Oh my God!  He ripped out his -- he killed him!
100) 0) text: Willie closes her eyes but Indy and Short Round watch hor as the iron frame is lowered -- and the bloody heart cont beat in Mola Ram's hand -- and the molten lava burns and as the screaming victim is lowered deeper into the crevas
104) 0) text: As the wind howls again, Willie and Short Round look sick appalled by the ceremony.  Even Indy seems shaken by what are witnessing.
106) 0) text: Willie is crying and her voice is shoking as she turns aw the hideous ritual --
106) 1) dialog: Let's go!  Let's get out of here!
108) 0) text: Short Round looks scared.  Willie is still crying -- Indy horrified but fascinated.
108) 4) text: Willie wipes her eyes and becomes more interested --
108) 5) dialog: Diamonds...?
110) 0) text: Indiana sees the woshippers below start to leave the temp looks at Willie and Short Round.
110) 2) text: Short Round nods and hands Indy his bullwhip and shoulder Willie sees Indiana peering down at the sheer drop below mouth of the wind tunnel.
110) 3) dialog: Wait -- what're you doing?
110) 5) dialog: Down?  Down there?!  Are you crazy --!
110) 7) dialog: You're gonna get killed chasing after your damn fortune and glory!
115) 0) text: Short Round and Willie watch apprehensively as Indiana ba three stones.
117) 0) text: Short Round and Willie are mystified as they see Indiana pear behind the altar.
117) 1) dialog: Oh hell, where's he going?
117) 2) text: Short Round looks worried.  Then the wind rushes past the and howls its somber musical note.  However, the wind sou ferent this time, its tone quavering slightly. Short Round is puzzled and looks around.  He  feeezes whe two shadowy figures coming down the tunnel toward them -- bodies causing the tone of the wind to shift eerily -- Willie notices Short Round pulling a dagger from his belt
117) 3) dialog: What're you -- ?
117) 4) text: Suddenly she turns and screams as two huge Thuggee guards at them!  One grabs at Short Round but the kid slashes th guard's hand with his dagger. Willie tries to get past the other guard, but he snatches the arm and pulls her toward him -- from her training at lege of Hard Knocks, Willie successfully knees the big ma balls. WILLIE (Cont'd) Keep your paws off, letch!
117) 5) text: The man groans and sinks to his knees.  Willie sees that Round is in trouble.  She runs over, leaps onto the back other guard and starts ripping his hair out. Short Round picks up his fallen dagger.  The big guard lu backwards and smashes Willie into the rocky wall of the t Willie falls to the floor. Short Round approaches, holding the man at bay with his d Willie turns as the other guard, the one she kneed, crawl her -- Willie scoops up some dirt and throws it.  The man at his eyes and Willie jumps up.
117) 7) text: Willie starts to run and Short Round backs away, keeping guard at a distance with his dagger.  Suddenly the guard in Hindi and dives at Short Round. Panicking, Shorty tries to run after Willie -- but he's t The guard has Short Round by the foot and drags him back. looks around and stops running.  She sees Short Round is SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) No!  Run!  Go get help!
117) 8) text: Willie hesitates, then runs down the tunnel.  Meanwhile, moth hand clutches Short Round's throat -- the giant guar Shorty completely off the ground and the kid looks terrif helpless as he dangles in the air...
125) 0) text: Diaphanous curtains billow silently into the moonlighted Two exotic birds sit on a golden perch, their eyes clicki watchfully.  Suddenly the brids shriek and flap away -- Willie stumbles through the secret door and falls into th Insects cover her and she shimpers as she knocks them off manages to stagger to her feet and she heads for the door
126) 0) text: Willie rushes out of her room and runs through the desert ace looking for help.  She flies down the moonlit corrido the huge wall paintings. She stops by a courtyard and calls out desperately, but t no one around.  She backs away down a hallway and then ju seeing something in a mirror:  a face looms behind her an screams! Willie whirls and sees Chattar Lal, the Prime Minister, a ing her.
126) 1) dialog: Oh my God, you scared me!  Listen, you've got to help.  We found this tunnel --
126) 4) dialog: No -- you can't go!  Something aw- ful's happened.  They've got Short Round and I think Indy's been --
126) 6) dialog: We found a tennel that leads to a temple below the palace!  Please, come with me, I'll show you!
126) 7) text: The two men exchange dubious looks.  Willie grabs Blumbur the arm and they start down the hall.
126) 9) dialog: I'm afraid they'll kill them!  We saw horrible things down there -- they had a human sacrifice and they ripped a man's heart out!
126) 11) dialog: It's some kind of cult!  And they've got the sacred stones that Indy was searching for.
126) 13) dialog: What're you talking about -- I'm not a dope fiend!  I saw it!  I'll show you!
127) 0) text: She leads them into her suite.  Willie points to the dark in the wall.  Blumburtt picks up an oil lamp and holds it the opening -- suddenly he jumps back as Indiana emerges!
127) 2) text: They're all startled.  Willie looks relieved and rushes o Indy and puts her arms around him.
127) 3) dialog: Oh, Indy, you got away!  Tell them what happened, they won't believe me --
127) 6) dialog: They think I'm insane.  Tell them I'm not, Indy.  Please -- help me ...
127) 7) text: The awful events have taken their toll and Willie covers and cries like a scared kid.  Indy gets her to lie down o bed.  He sits beside her and smiles and touches her hair
127) 10) dialog: (quietly) What?
127) 12) dialog: (softly) I want to go home...
127) 14) text: She smiles a little despite herself and he touches her ch He eyes are already closing and he stands up. A servant is entering the suite to take care of Willie. sers her with a blanket and start dropping the mosquito n as Indy walks off toward the verandah with Blumburtt and Lal.
130) 0) text: The whine of the bagpipes is eerily muted in the dark roo Through the gently swaying mosquito netting, we see Willi on the bed. Then through her side of the gauzy netting, we see the do opening across the room.  Indiana enters quietly and move the bed, his eyes fixed on Willie's sleeping body. Indy sits down on the bed slowly.  Willie turns in her sl opens her eyes.  Through the mosquito netting she sees In ting with his back to her.
130) 1) dialog: Indy?  Did you walk to them?
130) 3) dialog: So now they believe me.
130) 6) dialog: Then they'll send the soldiers down into the temple...
130) 7) text: Willie looks at Indiana's back and continues quietly. WILLIE (Cont'd) I was scared to death last night when I thought they were going to kill you.
130) 9) dialog: (smiling faintly) You know you've been nothing but trouble since I hooked up with you -- but I have to admit I'd miss you if I lost you...
130) 12) text: She sees him turn and his face slowly comes toward the mo netting -- his face pushes into the netting and Willie lo stunned as Indy's mouth opens -- He starts hissing grotesquely, smoke billows out of his m the mosquito netting BURNS OPEN to expose his terrifying moving toward Willie -- She is forzen with fear and unable to utter a sound as In malevolent face looms at her -- and then she notices his his eyes glowing a hellish luminscent yellow! Willie SCREAMS!! She suddenly bolts from the bed and tries to run -- India into a rage, ripping the mosquito netting from the bed as lows her.
130) 14) text: Willie tries the door but it's locked.  She sees Indiana toward her ranting incoherently as he smashes a vase out way --
130) 16) text: Willie cowers in a corner, horrified by the transformatio sees in Indiana.  Shouting and pacing Indy holds his head the pain of his terrible thoughts --
130) 18) text: The light throws his shadow over Willie -- a giant shadow ing back and forth over her as she cries in the corner, u fight the evil devouring Indiana.
130) 20) text: Indiana stops pacing and Willie freezes in terror.  Now a yellow light wipes across the room.  Indiana turns and wa silently as two Thuggee guards emerge from a secret doorw that's opened -- The shadows of the Thuggee guards loom over Willie and sh SCREAMS again!
135) 3) text: Suddenly htere is a heart-rending scream of terror and th priests draf forward the next sacrificial victim -- Indiana's glowing eyes watch emotionlessly as Willie is b out. Dressed in a Rajput maiden's outfit, Willie has been ed and draped with flowers -- a strange contrast as she s desperately.
135) 5) text: As Willie is dragged past she sees Indy and calls to him
135) 6) dialog: Indy!  Help me!  Indy?!
135) 7) text: Willie is shocked seeing that Indiana remains impassive a caring as she's dragged to her death.
135) 9) text: Indiana looks away from Willie's terrified face and stare adoringly at the monstrous statue of his goddess Kali.
137) 0) text: Up in the temple, Willie continues to struggle as her leg strapped to the iron sacrifical frame.  Chattar Lal grabs hand and ties it down.  Willie's free hand reaches out im ly toward Indiana --
137) 1) dialog: (hoarsely) Please, God, don't let them do this to me -- help me, Indy!
137) 2) text: He reaches out slowly and Willie grabs his hand tightly. looks into her eyes and then stares at her hand -- and sl lifts it and starts tying it to the iron frame. WILLIE (Cont'd) No -- no!
137) 3) text: Willie cries is disbelief as Indiana calmly betrays her.
139) 0) text: Chains clank and gears grind as the sacrificial frame is over the crevasse.  Stretched out on it, Willie looks hor as she hangs suspended face down above the boiling lava! The frame and victim descend slowly into the crevasse and crowd around the little Maharajah changs louder.
140) 0) text: Short Round dashes across the dark chamber behind the alt peers out and sees Willie disappearing into the crewasse! sees Indiana watching impassively --
141) 0) text: Short Round suddenly darts out onto the altar and Mola Ra him and yells.  Several priests grab for Shorty.  He elud first priest, smashes the second in the stomach with his and runs like a little quarterback toward the fiery torch Short Round snatches the torch from the wall and charges Indiana.  Seeing him coming, Indy's eyes start glowing ye when Short Round runs up to him, Indiana suddenly swings backhands the little guy brutally across the face! The torch flies out of Shorty's hand as he's knocked agai wall by Indy's vicious blow -- Short Round wipes a little from his chin and stares at his hero in wounded disbelief Chattar Lal watches approvingly -- a priest moves toward Chattar Lal looks back toward the crevasse -- Willie hangs on the lowering frame, heat waves rising up scald her skin and she chokes as the sulphuric air burns lungs! Meanwhile Short Round is crawling backwards across the fl a look of terror on his face -- Indiana stalks him, hissi snarling, his eyes lgowing -- Short Round springs to his feet and tries to run -- Indy him and pulls him -- Shorty's hand grabs for another wall and just manages to yank it free! Indiana spins Short Round and clutches his throat.  As In strangles him, Short Round struggles and finally jams the into Indy's side.  The fiery torch burns Indy, smoking as sears his flesh, and he yells in pain.
141) 7) text: He sets Short Round down on the brink of the crevasse an from doom.  Shorty looks down at the lava and is terrifie Indiana finally flahses him a quick smile and winks! Then Indiana whirls and punches the priest in the face! Round cheers, realizing that Indiana is back. SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) We got to help Willie!
141) 8) text: Indiana springs into action, stopping another priest with punch in the stomach.  Then he rushes over to the crankwh pulley platform.  Indy jumps onto it, yanking one priest spills onto the floor. A second priest, who works the controls lowering the sacr frame, sees Indy and releases the crankwheel -- Down in the crevasse, Willie screams as the iron frame su plummets toward the fulminating lava! On the platform, the priest lunges at Indiana -- Indy use man's own momentum to throw him over his head.  Indy then for the crankwheel and manages to stop it -- Down in the crevasse, the fram jolts to a stop only yards the spumes of fiery lava.  The heat is so intense now tha lie's clothes start smoking and she passes out... On the platform above, Indiana cranks furiously, raising crificial frame.
143) 0) text: Mola Ram shouts at his priests and another one of them ru ward Indy on the platform.  Short Round dives and tackles priest. Chattar Lal finally leaps onto the crankwheel platform an sees him pull a dagger.  He slashes at Indiana and Indy h let go of the crankwheel -- the gears scream and the chai screech! Below in the crevasse, the iron frame plunges again towar crimson lava! On the platform, Indy hears the frame lowering and looks icked.  Chattar Lal slahses again with the dagger -- keep away from the cogwheel mechanism -- Indy suddenly kicks the dagger from Chattar Lal's hand sl in the stomach and dives toward the cogwheel mechanism. a iron rod and throws it into the gears -- the gears mangle the iron rod but finally grind to a stop ana grabs the crankwheel and starts winding it up furious Meanwhile, Short Round jumps onto the platform with Indy grabs a long wrench.  He starts swinging the wrench, keep last priests off the platfrom. The sacrificial frame finally rises up into view and Indi grabs it and swings it over onto the platform.  He looks lie anxiously as he releases her bindings -- Willie moans and moves her head.  Indy pulls her off the and she starts coughing.  Gasping for breath, Willie ervi fresh air flows into her lungs. Finally Willie opens her eyes and she sees Indiana.  Then notices something else and manages to cry out hoarsely --
143) 1) dialog: Look out -- !
144) 0) text: Short Round, Willie and Indiana rush across the chamber b the altar.  They run over to the ladder and start climbin into the mines.
145) 0) text: Willie follows Short Round.  Indiana jumps down last and the ladder away, letting it crash to the floor so they wo followed. They draw the attention of the slave children working in nels around the cavern.  But it's the sight of the approa guard that worries Indy --
145) 3) dialog: What're we going to do?
147) 0) text: Willie flattens against the wall as Indiana catapaults th guard past her back into the mine where he's set upon bu of rebellious slave children. The kids swarm over the guard like jackalas and we see Sh pull a key from the struggling guard's robe.
149) 0) text: On the altar, under the statue of Kali, Willie and Short are helping Indy and some of the bigger children rip down long wooden panel decorated with hideous Kali figures. The childrens' escape is blocked by the chasm separating altar from the deserted sorshippers' area of the temple. swelling crowds of children push and teeter dangerously o edge of the fire pit. Indiana and the others carry the wooden panel through the toward the chasm.  They stand it up and when Indy gives t they drop it -- The panel crashes across the chasm forming a plank across the children now begin running to safety.
151) 0) text: The childrens' bare feet stomp across the wooden plank -- them the lava of the fire pit bubbles and shows outbursts flame. Indy stares at the plank and sees that it's starting to s from the intese heat rising up. On the far side of the plank, the children safely across through the deserted temple toward freedom. Willie and Short Round help the last kids out onto the pl Indy sees one child's foot break though the smoldering wo the kid in front pulls the child to safety. Willie and Short Round start to go out onto the plank but shouts at them --
151) 2) text: He runs over and pulls them aside -- he steps out onto th and takes a few steps to test it -- suddenly the plank bu into flame in the middle. Indy takes one more step -- and then the plank breaks!  I dives back to the ledge of the altar and Willie and Short grab him and pull him up and the wooden plank plummets in fiery chasm.
151) 3) dialog: What're we going to do?!
152) 0) text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round run through the deserted tunnels.  They hear a rumbling noise and Indy leads them side tunnel.  They stop and peer into a quarry.
153) 2) text: Willie and Short Round watch the children push the empty cars.  The cars gain momentum and roll away down two dark nels. INDIANA (Cont'd) Come on, let's see if we can catch a ride...
153) 4) text: He pushes Short Round who darts out after a mine car roar and dodges across the tracks before the next one descends pushes Willie  into  position and holds her ready --
153) 5) dialog: I can't!
153) 7) text: After another car crashes past, Indy shoves her.  Willie -- her shoe gets stuck and she freezes in the tracks!  Wi sees a rock-filled car blasting down out of a tunnel dire toward her! Indiana dives, knocking Willie safely to the ground on th side of the tracks -- the heavy car hurtles past and cras the cars in front. Indy pulls Willie behind a massive wooden post holding up dump ramp and they hide from a passing gaurd.
153) 9) text: They watch him run and hurdle a pile of lumber, bound up steps and duck behind a tool shack on the platform.  Indy out and grabs one of the passing slave children. They see Indy put his hand over the kid's mouth and whisp him.  He releases the kid who sneaks away, alerting the o children who start making their escapes into side tunnels Now Indy motions to Short Rounds and Willie to follow.  A start to move out they freeze dead in their tracks and In motions again angrily --
153) 11) text: Willie and Short Round see a guard coming up the steps on other side of the platform.  As the man rises he gets tal taller -- until they see it's a Thuggee giant coming up b Indiana. INDIANA (Cont'd) Come one, what's wrong?
153) 15) text: Indiana suddenly punches the giant in the stomach -- the does not flinch, he just belches rudely. Indiana growls and winds up to take a killer swing -- he back, cocks his arm -- and suddenly turns and runs away. No dummy, Indy dashes over and picks up a piece of wood. giant starts toward him.  Indy drops the wood and looks a for a much larger piece of wood. As the giant stalks toward him, Indiana raises the large lumber -- Indy suddenly groans, drops the wood and clutch stomach.  Willie and Short Round looks startled --
153) 16) dialog: What happened?
153) 18) dialog: What's wrong with him?
153) 19) text: Shorty is convused and worried -- and then he sees someth looks up and there on a rock-cut balcony over the cavern little Maharajah! The little prince clutches the clay krtya doll that repre Indy.  He jabs it in the leg with a long sapphire-tipped pin. On the mine car, Indy yells and grabs his right leg, whic collapses beneath him.  Short Round takes off.  He dashes the platform toward a bucket-chain carrying spent water b to the cistern. Short Round leaps over the pool of water and grabs onto a He rises up on this make-shift elevator toward the rock b and the malicious little Maharajah. Meanwhile, Indy is on the brink of unconsciousness as the massive hands throttle his neck.  Indy's head hangs over of the mine car and suddenly his eyes widen -- The car with Indy and the giant reaches the peak of the d and its upended -- spilling both of them and a shower of down the conveyor belt! Down below, Willie dodges wooden pillars and weaves aroun quarry equipment, trying to follow Indy's battle with the She trips and swears angrily -- Willie pushes and empty mine car out of her way -- an emp car!  She runs back and starts shoving the mine car along rails toward the conveyor belt.
153) 20) dialog: I got one!  Indy, I got one!
153) 21) text: Near the waterfall, Short Round ascends on the rising buc chain.  Up on the balcony, the little Maharajah chuckles he watches Indiana on the conveyor belt -- The Maharajah lifts the clay doll and viciously jabs the the back of it! On te conveyor, Indiana gets to his feet and then yells a stabbing pain lacerates his back!  He falls and writhed h ly as the giant staggers up the rocky conveyor belt towar Willie shoves the mine car forward.  She sees Indy's desp situation as he's pulled along the conveyor toward the ro crusher!
153) 22) dialog: Indy, look out!
153) 30) text: Meanwhile, Indy runs along the catwalk above the conveyor He jumps and grabs onto a cross-bard -- he kicks out with and knocks a quarry guard off the catwalk. The guard flies through the air and topples into the sand where he thrashes around blindly under the sand falling f crusher. Across the cavern, Willie shoves the rolling mine car tow balcony.
153) 31) dialog: Get down here, Shorty!  I got us a ride!
153) 32) text: Willie shirls as another quarry guard rushes toward her. yanks the iron brake-handle off the mine car and holds it eningly like a baseball bat -- WILLIE (Cont'd) Come on, let's see hoe hand your head is!
153) 39) text: Short Round slips over the edge and slides down a wet sta to the floor of the cavern. There he finds Willie swinging the brake-handle and smash guard in the gut.  The man doubles in pain -- Willie kick putt and he splashes into the pool of water.
153) 40) dialog: I don't appreciate being cooked like a french fry!
153) 42) text: Willie starts pushing the empty mine car with Short Round SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) You do pretty good for a girl!
153) 43) text: Across the quarry, Mola Ram and six temple guards run out high platform next to the waterfall.  Mola Ram sees Willi Short Round pushing the mine cat. Mola Ram shouts to his men -- two of them pull pistols an fire! Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Short Round shoves to the far side of the car where they both take cover. Meanwhile, up on a catwalk, a guard slices a sword throug air and Indiana ducks!  The sword slashes into a wooden r and the guard tries frantically to pull it out -- Indiana slams kis knee up into the guard's stomach and th smashes his fist down on his neck -- the man collapses. hears more gunfire. Indiana rushes along the catwalk toward the platform abov edges against the wall below the platform, staying out of as he unfurls his whip. One of Mola Ram's guards fires again from the high platfo Indiana lashes the whip -- the whip wraps around the gunm arm and Indy yanks on it -- The gunman topples through the air and crashes down onto walk.  Indy grabs the gun.  He kicks the guard off the ca and the man falls into the waterfall pool. As the other guards fire down at him, Indiana dodges alon catwalk and fires back at them.  A bullet explodes near M and he ducks back -- Meanwhile, Short Round and Willie have the mine car rolli they jump into it --
153) 45) text: Indiana spots the rolling mine car racing across the quar takes off and runs along the catwalk -- bullets explode a him, splintering wood.  Indy reaches the end of the catwa Suddenly he dives into the air and catches hold of a bloc tacke!  Indy skids along the pulley system, sliding down toward the mine car in which Short Round and Willie are r Bullets whiz past as Indiana sails in the air above the s mine car - when they are in sync, Indy lets go and drops mine car next to Willie and Short Round! Mola Ram rushes forward and watches the speeding mine car down the track toward the tunnels --
153) 47) text: In the speeding  mine car, Indy sees the tracks separatin directions -- one back into the quarry, the other toward nels that lead out of the mines. Indiana lifts a shovel from the floor of the car and swin just in time -- he hits a switch which CLANGS as they spe and the car is shunted tipsy-turvy onto the track toward tunnels. Willie hangs on as the car tears down the track toward th on the right -- and Short Round looks worried --
154) 0) text: The wind rushes past Indiana as the car descends into the and picks up speed.  Willie hangs on with Short Round -- car roars around a curve and flies fater along the rails.
157) 0) text: The mine car hurtles past.  Indy sits in front, pulling b the brake-lever to control their speed and keep them from ing off the tracks. Expecting trouble, Short Round peers over the back end of car.  Willie ducks low, watching the heavy beams flashing ously close above their heads. Then Willie's eyes go wide and she groans in terror like on a roller coaster as the mine car suddenly plunges down taking their stomachs with it. A gunshot rings out and Short Round sees the first Thugge appear around a curve behind them.  Mola Ram's gunmen sta blasting.  Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Indy yel to Short Round.
157) 4) text: Short Round grins as he holds the brake -- Willie realize this is Shorty's idea of a good time!
161) 3) text: Indy shoves past Willie and takes the brake level from Sh
161) 5) dialog: What above the curves?!
161) 9) dialog: What're you doing?!  We're going too fast!!
161) 10) text: Willie closes her eyes as they rocket toward the curve. car behind, the Thugge guard at the brake also shoves the off -- and looks extremely worried. Indy's car hits the curve and the centrifugal force lifts side wheels off the rails!
161) 12) text: Willie and Short Round jumps over to his side as the car around the curve!  Indy looks back and sees the car pursu is also taking the curve at full speed -- Suddenly the Thuggee car swereves dangerously, the weight too much to the outside -- and the car derails! The car bounces off the tracks and flies through the air siding where is CRASHES against a stone wall in an EXPLOS rock and metal! Pieces of debris pommel the drive of the second Thuggee c he quickly grabs for the brake to slow down and avoid the fate! In the lead car, Indy smiles smugly as Willie opens her e
163) 0) text: Indiana and Short Round heft a railroad tie out of th bot the car and Willie watches them lift it onto the back -- As gunfire continues to explode from the car behind them, and Short ROund shove the railroad tie off the back of th The wooden railroad tie falls and bounces back across the The gunmen in the car behind spit it and yell in panic -- Indy and Willie watch the car behind crash into the railr -- but the tie just skids, catches and bounces up and out way like a huge tumbling matchstick!
163) 1) dialog: Anymore ideas...?
165) 0) text: The walls of the tunnel flash past and curves appear sudd of the darkness as the hair-raising chase continues -- Short Round and Willie struggle to help Indy lift a large from the bottom of the speeding mine car. The cars descend again into a stretch of much lower tunne the beams flash past inches above them.  Indy judges the
165) 2) text: All three of them groan as they raise the boulder and sho off the back of the car -- ducking instantly to avoid bei capitated by the next beam! Looking back, they see the gunmen pop up between the beam they see the looks of terror on the gunmen's faces as the the boulder in front of them! The Thuggee car hits the boulder and upends!  The guards horribly as the car tumbles end over end, slamming agains tunnel walls, getting ripped to shreds so that finally on pieces of metal, wheels and debris fly like a meteorite s down the tunnel! Willie whoops for joy and hugs Indy who smiles modestly -
165) 6) text: Indy sees Short Round holding up the broken brake lever! crawls quickly toward Shorty while Willie holds on for de Completely out of control, the car hurtles down a decline section where the tunnel if larger again -- Indiana bends over the front of the car and looks underne sees the brake tension hanging loose from the brake-pad. pulls himself back up and looks at Willie and Short Round
165) 8) text: Willie looks terrified but helps Short Round grab onto In and the back of his jacket.  He skips over the front of t and swings a leg underneath -- Indy is inches above the rails and the rocky ground blurr neath the car as he tries to kick at the brake-pad.  His fall and he bumps along, dragged dangerously for a moment Indy manages to find a foothold on the undercarriage of t As they hold onto him, Indy kicks again and his foot hits brake-pad.  He shoves it and slowly the pad closes agains spinning wheel...
165) 9) dialog: Oh no!
165) 10) text: Willie and Short Round look up and see that the tunnel is ahead and the track dead-ends into a stone wall!
165) 14) text: Willie looks faint as Indiana gets to his feet and Shorty out of the car.  They help Willie out and she stands shak
165) 15) dialog: I'm okay -- I'm fine -- I love to flirt with death...
165) 17) dialog: What's that?...Indy?!
165) 18) text: Indiana isn't sure and he pulls Willie by the arm and all them start jogging. The rumbling behind them sounds increasingly ominous and they start running full tilt.  They rush down the tunnel awful noise becomes defening!  Willie looks around again slows suddenly -- Willie stops dead in her tracks -- paralyzed -- awestruck
165) 20) dialog: (frozen in her tracks) Oh... shit...
165) 21) text: Indiana and Short Round notice that Willie's sloed and th running -- they also see the cataclysm of water crashing tunnel toward them. Indy runs back and grabs Willie.  All three of them take running faster than they've ever run in their lives! The tidal wave smashes forward, booming behind them and I realizes quickly that they're going to lose this race.  S he sees a small side-tunnel in a bend ahead --
165) 23) text: They lunge toward the hole and Short Round dives in it fi Indiana shoves Willie into the hole and jumps in after he as the colossal tidal wave explodes  past!
167) 3) dialog: Some short cut!
167) 4) text: They all holler in unison and start running like bats out toward the daylight.  The towering wall of water surges r lessley after them -- The tidal wave looms up to annihilate them as they race t mouth of the tunnel -- and Willie SCREAMS!  Indy grabs he all three of the flail their arms to keep from losing the ance!
168) 0) text: The tunnel exits midway up a cliff and the three totter p ously on the brink looking down at a 300 foot sheer drop a gorge below! Indiana swings Willie onto a narrow ledge on one side and Short Round after her -- he jumps himself to the other si as the tidal wave crashes past them! The water bursts out of the tunnel -- the gusher spews fo the cliffside into the air as if Hoover Dam just broke lo Short Round and Willie balance on the narrow ledge on one the geyser -- Indy is perches on the ledge on the other s the incredible eruption of water. Willie gets vertigo looking down into the gorge where the crashes at the bottom.  There crocodiles are disturbed an slither angrily. Indy looks up and sees a rope bridge swinging about twent above Willie and Short Round.  Indy shouts across the bla water --
168) 2) text: Willie looks frightened.
169) 0) text: Willie and Short Round pull themselves up at the end of t bridge.  Behind them a dark tunnel runs back into the min What's in front of them is hardly more reassuring -- The rope bridge across the gorge is a century old and def wasn't built by army engineers.  Laying across the two bo rope-spans, worm-eaten and moldy boards offer risky footi Vertical side ropes connect the bottom rope-spans to the per ropes that constitute the dangerous hand-railings. Short Round steps tentatively out onto the bridge.  It ho and he turns and smiles at Willie --
169) 2) text: Suddenly the board under him breaks! Willie grabs Short R before he falls into the abyss!  Looking pale and less co Short Round starts out again and Willie follows his caref They continue stepping across the bridge cautiously, a fe more difficult by the bridge's constant swaying and the h stopping up and down movement. Behind them, Indy finally pulls himself up from under the He stands up and sees Willie and Short Round halfway acro already.  Then he hears something and turns quickly -- he his whip out and ducks to the side of the tunnel as two T guards rush out. Indy cracks the whip, catching the first guard around the the guard spills forward and trips the second guard.  The man tries to stand but Indiana kicks him in the head. The second guard gets to his feet and seings his sword -- ducks, slams him in the stomach and dives for the first g sword.  He grabs it and rolls aside quickly as the second attempts to slice him in two! Indy gets to his feet and immediately finds himself about gage in a sword duel with the enraged Thuggee guard.  Ind at the unfamiliar sword, hefts it, and tries to quickly d the best way to use it -- Suddenly the guard shouts and charges.  Indy decides shou must be the "de rigueur" technique and shouts back loudly two swords CLANG and spark as the duel erupts. Indy flails and feints and the Thuggee guard lunges and s Indy finally gains the upper hand and dispatches the Thug guard who slumps defeated into the dirt. Keeping the sword, Indy starts out onto the bridge, walki quickly as possible across the rickety span.  He hears sh ahead and looks worried then temple guards appear at the of the bridge. The guards suprise Willie and Shorty as they finally get the bridge.  Struggling   futilely with the guards, Willi at Indiana --
169) 3) dialog: Indy -- looks out behind you!
169) 4) text: Indy sees more Thuggee guards rushing out of the tunnel b him.  He turns and sees two of the tmeple guards who capt Willie and Short Round coming across the bridge in front Indy stands helpless in the middle of the swaying bridge guards approaching from both sides, and nothing but heave and the rocky gorge hundreds of feet below! A wind comes up and the High Priest, Mola Ram, appears on end of the bridge.  He stands with the guards who hold Wi Short Round. The wind whips around Indy and he staggers unsteadily on swaying bridge as he watches Mola Ram --
169) 12) text: Mola Ram motions again the his guards (looking more nervo step farther out onto the bridge, mvoing closer to Indy f sides. Indy swings the sword again, cutting into the other rope- It, too, is now partially severed and frays slowly.  The jolts and Indy and the guards sway precariously! Suddenly Mola Ram shoves Short Round out onto the bridge. High Priest draws a dagger and pushes Willie onto the swa span, holding the knife behind them both. MOLA RAM (Cont'd) Your friends will die with you!
169) 13) text: In different times this would be called a Mexican stand-o Indiana looks at the guards in front and behind him.  He Willie and Short Round out on the bridge now with Mola Ra their backs.
169) 15) text: Indy and Short Round's eyes meet -- and the kid realizes hero isn't kidding.  Willie looks at Shout Round anxiousl notices that Shorty is surreptitiously wrapping his foot rope support. Petrified, Willie also secretly wraps her foot around a r does likewise with her arm --
169) 18) text: Indiana swings the sword with all his might -- it whooshe through the air and slashes clear through the top and bot ropes --! Immediately Mola Ram's guards start to flee in panic -- t Indiana swings the sword again and the two ropes on the o side are severed -- The rope bridge is sheared in two!  It breaks in the midd both halves fall apart!  The guards scream horribly in th they plunge down into the rocky gorge! Willie and Short Round cling to their established foothol fall with the bridge toward the wall of the gorge.  Mola spills forward, clutching desperately at the ropes and sl Below them, Indiana has latched onto a rope and swings wi bridge as it hits the gorge wall and hangs vertically now ling from its moorings at the top. There's an instant of suspended animation as all who rema realize they are alive.  Short Round and Willie cling nea top of the now vertical bridge. Below them, Mola Ram clutches onto one of the main ropes directly above him the last of his guards holds on for de Short Round and Willie struggle upwards, clutching ropes stepping on slats.  Finally, Short Round heaves himself u solid ground and turns to help Willie up. Meanwhile, dangling below on the bridge, Indy reaches up grabs Mola Ram's leg.  The High Priest kicks and tries to Indy's grip.  He kicks again and smashes Indy in the face Indy won't let go.  Suddenly the High Priest reaches up a his own Thuggee guard and yanks his down by the front of shirt -- Mola Ram shoves the luckless guard down onto Indy, trying dislodge him by sacrificing the screaming Thuggee.  Indy to hang on.  The Thuggee is less fortunate and falls scre his death. Then Mola Ram looks across the gorge and yells.  Indy see of the last Thuggee guards streaming out of the tunnel -- to be stranded on the far side of the now bridgeless gorg Indy starts climbing up after Mola Ram again.  He grabs a back of Mola Ram's robe and pull him down.  Slipping, Mol turns and it's Indy's chance to punch Mola Ram in the fac Mola Ram's eyes are glowing yellow and he's shouting inco ly.  He grabs the strap of Indy's shoulder bag and stamps dy's hand -- Indy falls! Indiana slips downward, scrambling to catch hols of somet meanwhile, Mola Ram now has the bag with the Sankara Ston Indy finally stops his downward slide and dangles dangero near the bottom of the bridge. Across the gorge, the Thuggee guards run up a path to a s gove of trees growing on a plateau above the gorge.  The have bows and arrows and take firing positions -- At the top of the bridge, Mola Ram keeps climbing until r start poundinghim from above -- Willie and Short Round pe with rocks which he tries to block with his arm. Indiana starts to climb again, using all his strength.  H reaches for a wooden slat -- suddenly a flaming arrow sma into the wood! Indy turns in amazement and sees more flaming arrows rock across the chasm directy for him! Across the gorge, by the grove of trees, a Thuggee priest orders to the archers who continue to launch the flaming Indiana crawls up as the bridge starts to burn from the c ing bursts of fiery arrows.  At the top, Mola Ram reaches perately for a hand old -- Willie smashes his hand with a The High Priest yells in pain and slips down to where Ind him again in the face!  They struggle as the fire burns u beneath them. On the cliff above the fallen bridge, Willie watches the rising toward Indy and Mola Ram as they fight.  Short Rou and sees something --
170) 0) text: Indiana crawls up the burning bridge and Willie and Short reach for him at the top.  They pull him up onto the clif they all look around exhausted -- Across the gorge, more British troops emerge from the min nels to subdue the remaining Thuggee guards on that side. Finally the little Maharajah comes out of the dark mine t He sees Short Round across the gorge -- and bows to thank his help.  On the other side, Short Round waves his cap, him back. Willie stands at the edge of the gorge looking down into er far below.
170) 1) dialog: I guess Mola Ram got what he wanted.
170) 4) text: Short Round watches Willie take it carefully from Indiana gazes at it and looks delighted --
170) 5) dialog: And the diamond hidden inside...
170) 6) text: Willie holds the stone up to the sun and it sparkles and
171) 0) text: The sun flares and silhouettes three figures coming over hilltop.  Behinf them we see more smaller silhouettes app over the rise. Indiana, Willie and Short Round walk back down the dirt r Mayapore -- followed by a multitude of children returning their homeland. Willie looks at the changed landscape and seems astonishe barren countryside has been reborn.  They see streams flo beneath green trees, flowers blooming and peasants harves golden grain in the fields.
172) 0) text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round lead the children down th village road.   Ahead they see villagers rebuilding their tive dwellings. Now they hear shouts of joy from the peasants.  The child returning home start running to meet their parents who ar ing out to greet them. There is laughter and tears as families are reunited.  In sees the old shaman approaching with the chieftain and th village elders. The shaman touches his fingers to his forehead and bows. three travelers return his greeting and the shaman is qui as he speaks to Indiana --
172) 2) dialog: It's a real miracle.
172) 6) text: Willie watches the shaman take it reverently and bow to t The shaman joins the elders and they walk to the village' sacred mound.  Indy and Willie stay back.  They see him k replace the stone in its niche.
172) 8) dialog: And they don't even know what it really is.
172) 10) dialog: You didn't do so well yourself. Finding that stone could've got- ten you all the fortune and glory you were talking about.
172) 13) dialog: Oh no, I'm finding a native guide who knows the way.  No more de-  tours for me, thank you Dr. Jones.
172) 14) text: She turns and starts walking away continuing to complain WILLIE (Cont'd) If you think I'm going to Delhi or anyplace else with you, after all the trouble you've gotten me into...
172) 15) text: Suddenly the bullwhip CRACKS and wraps around her waist. tled Willie looks angry as Indiana reels her in, pulling ward him and into his arms.  But when he finally kisses h doesn't seem to mind at all... Short Round shakes his head, but looks sort of pleased. turns away, his face lights up! Short Round runs toward the sunset, toward the three elep being brought back to the village.  The baby elephant sta walking faster, as if he recognizes Short Round running o meet him...