3) 0) text: Short Round enters and stares across the smoky nightclub. stage, he sees a giant paper-mache dragon laying curled a the pagoda. Now, the dragon's eyes light up, its nostrils exhale smok its enormous jaws open.  Out of the dragon's mouth walks of the stage show: WILLIE SCOTT, a dreamy beauty singing a sultry solo white chestra wails the accompaniment. But Short Round's not here to ogle crooning dames.  He su the rich Chinese, American and European revelers.  Jewels and champagne flows.  Short Round finally spots a table o somber-looking Chinese men in suits. Short Round chews gum and stares at the men.  Then he tur go.  WU HAN, a waiter with a scar across his cheek, watch Round leave.
5) 56) text: Lao just laughs evilly -- until a waiter moves up behind the crimelord suddenly stiffens.  He lets go of Willie's and raises his hands off the table.  Chen stops collectin money and jewels. Kao Kan tenses and Indy smiles at Wu Han, the Chinese wai the scar, who is standing behind Lao.  Wu Han has a towel his hand  --  under it, he has a pistol pressed against L spine. INDIANA (Cont'd) (smiling at Wu Han) I like the service here.
5) 59) text: Lao carefully reaches into his pocket and puts a small gl of liquid next to the cash, gold, jewels, poison and sacr Indy looks relieved as he reaches for the vial of antidot then he hears a muffled report!  And another! Wu Han groans and sways.  Indy starts to stand but Chen i ately turns the smoking pistol with the silencer that he kill Wu Han -- Indy sees it pointed at him now and he rem his seat. Kao Kan stands and grabs Wu Han, easing the phoney waiter the chair he just vacated.  The muffled shooting hasn't a any attention.  The nightclub activity continues an Indy emotionally to his dying friend.
5) 61) text: In pain, Wu Han looks at Indy and struggles to speak --
5) 62) dialog: Not this time, my friend... (smiling bravely) I followed you on many adventures -- but into the great Unknown Mystery, I go first, Indy...
5) 63) text: Wu Han dies and slumps forward.  Indiana is shattered by death of his old friend.