34) 0) text: A confusion of activity and VOICES. Pieces o equip- ment in a state of disarray: consoles open, fiber optic tubes unconnected, viewing screens dismantled. It's a frantic, desperate scene -- a ship and crew to- tally unprepared. In the midst of this: ALIEN ensign is assisting UHURA (Lt. Comdr. stripes)deftly working her communications station, AD LIBBING "... Hailing frequency four, check. Hailing frequency five, will someone please check me?" At the helm, sweat-soaked SULU (Lt. Comdr stripes) has a service plate open, is peering inside to make delicate adjust- ments, AD LIBBING "... Helm, now give me a reading on four point zero zero six of full." And at the Weapons Control, CHEKOV (Full Lt.)argues with TECHNICIANS who insist photon torpedoes read "ready" while Chekov argues the computer is not relaying that information.
34) 8) text: Kirk reacts with some exasperation, starts away, addresses Chekov:
49) 2) dialog: Departure angle.
57) 18) dialog: Photon torpedoes armed...!
57) 21) dialog: (punching button) Torpedoes away...!
59) 1) dialog: (relieved) We're out of it...!
59) 6) dialog: (to Kirk) Negative damage report, sir. (to McCoy) No casualties reported, sir. McCOY (tight) Wrong, Mr. Chekov, there are casualties. My wits! (to Kirk, indignant) As in 'frightened-out-of'...!
63) 19) text: On the viewer, Chekov's IMAGE replaces Uhura.
63) 20) dialog: It is a courier, Captain. Grade One priority. Non-belligerency confirmed.
66) 0) text: as we HEAR the CLANK and WHOOSH of the AIRLOCK MECHAN- ISM. Chekov is standing by  with a security man. A moment later the hatch slips open - TO REVEAL Spock. A proud Spock, impassively Vulcan, almost contemptuously aloof. His hair is now trimmed in neat Vulcan style; he wears Vulcan attire simple, civilian, utilitarian.)
66) 2) dialog: Granted, sir! Granted!
73) 7) dialog: All decks and divisions confirm status red.
73) 13) dialog: Should I go to battle stations, sir.
73) 43) dialog: Forcefields and deflectors up full, Captain.
79) 0) text: as, first on the viewer, the WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT EFFECT clings another moment then begins FADING. And then it is gone. The bridge lights go on again. Elevator doors open. Doctor Chapel and Medical Corps- men arrive and cross immediately to where Ilia tends to the injured Chekov.
79) 5) text: The Deltan woman takes Chekov's upper arm in both her hands, kneading her fingers deep into nerve centers -- Chekov's pain begins to quickly recede and he is almost startled by the sudden relief. Doctor Chapel, now spraying plasti-skin on the burned hand and wrist, gives Ilia a surprised, approving look and a flicker of female friendship passes between the Deltan and Earth woman. (setting up a later story point)
79) 11) text: Chapel and Corpsman are assisting Chekov from the bridge (we'll have SEEN that the remarkable plasti- skin sprayed on his hand has completley covered the ugly burn marks - he is even able to move his fingers a bit). Ilia returns to her station -- a relief CREW WOMAN takes over from Decker at Chekov's console.
84) 18) text: All have reacted to this; Kirk exchanges a look with Spock who nods firmly. Then Kirk sees that both Decker and Sulu are throwing him a questioning look. In b.g. McCoy and Chapel have EXITED bridge with Chekov.
92) 9) dialog: No weapons...!
92) 10) text: But Chekov is too late: First Security Man FIRES -- the BLAST harmlessly absorbed by the Probe which emits a SCREECHING nerve-grating SOUND --- sends out a SMALL WHIPLASH ENERGY BOLT which instantly envelopes First Security Man in a PURPLE GLOW (of implosion). Second Security Man has almost lifted his phaser -- but now carefully, slowly is moving his hand away from his weapon.
92) 13) dialog: Security... do not send further teams!
92) 15) dialog: (shaken) No intruder readings on other decks, Captain... (to Spock) Can that be one of their crew?
92) 17) text: Meanwhile, the probe is now hovering near Chekov who sits frozen, fists clenched, jaw tight.
92) 19) dialog: Absolutely, I will not interfere!
97) 7) text: All face the Viewer again, react, with McCoy who has been observing all these reactions now galvanized into action: McCOY (to Chekov) Medical observers to all decks!
103) 15) dialog: Reacting to a console reading:
103) 16) dialog: Deck four, Captain; Officers' Quarters...!
113) 3) dialog: (interrupting) Sir! Airlock four has been opened; a thruster suit is reported missing!
119) 8) dialog: Airlocks two and four -- prepare to launch rescue teams! (glancing at viewer) Chief Lang! Get them out there! Fast!
130) 5) text: Meanwhile, Decker has crossed to Chekov's now abandoned console, checks it.
132) 7) text: Kirk reacts, pleased, a split beat at Decker's "our" hand, and goes on: Kirk throws him a look of appreciation, then, abruptly his manner changes as he addresses Chekov:
132) 9) dialog: They reach final position in... Twenty-seven minutes -- mark.
136) 2) dialog: Twenty-five minutes to device activation, sir.
140) 1) dialog: Tractor beam strength lessening, Captain.
140) 14) dialog: Tractor beam is released.
142) 4) dialog: reacting to a console reading with surprise.
142) 5) dialog: Captain... I read an oxygen and gravity envelope forming outside the Enterprise...!
143) 0) text: Uhura with Sulu and Chekov there.