14) 0) text: Spock's lean features instantly recognizable despite unkempt, longer hair and the fatigue born of a long, harsh discipline he has undergone. His robes, tattered and dust covered, are that of a Vulcan Aspirant in study with the Masters. Under the V'ger THEME MUSIC we HEAR a VOICE in ritual tones:
14) 3) text: Spock's neck at an appropriate moment. Spock is staring u as V'ger THEME MUSIC fades.
14) 5) text: Spock turns, giving a small contrite nod -- the ritual continues.
14) 10) text: Spock starts to kneel... the Female Master moves in, intending to put the ancient pendant around his neck.  But Spock now hesitates -- he's troubled as though  uncertain he deserves this symbol and waves the  pendant away. Then, a faint reprise of the V'ger THEME  MUSIC now causes the Female Master to look skyward.  She turns from this back to Spock as she exchanges a  look with the Male Masters.               
14) 12) text: She kneels with Spock -- lays her hands on his temples  in Vulcan mind-meld position.
14) 14) text: Their eyes close -- their minds meld -- then her head jerks slightly, her features change as her mind feels Spock's reactions to the V'ger consciousness. A long moment, then she opens her eyes, gets to her feet and looks down on the still kneeling Spock. Then, she casts aside the pendant she carries -- it falls into the dust.
14) 16) text: The three Masters leave -- Spock watches them go, his disappointment evident even in his stoic features.
14) 17) dialog: CAMERA CLOSES IN on his face as we again HEAR a frag- ment of V'ger THEME MUSIC -- Spock again raises his head and peers up into the heavens. HOLD on his face a moment, then...
66) 0) text: as we HEAR the CLANK and WHOOSH of the AIRLOCK MECHAN- ISM. Chekov is standing by  with a security man. A moment later the hatch slips open - TO REVEAL Spock. A proud Spock, impassively Vulcan, almost contemptuously aloof. His hair is now trimmed in neat Vulcan style; he wears Vulcan attire simple, civilian, utilitarian.)
66) 1) dialog: Permission to come aboard, sir?
66) 3) text: Spock is already moving out of the pod entry area, im- passive, no greeting on his lips; no friendship in his expression.
68) 0) text: The elevator doors open, and there is Spock. It takes everyone a moment to believe their eyes. Then, the Bridge crew AD LIB their surprise and pleasure.
68) 2) text: Kirk, smiling, is moving toward Spock with hand out- stretched. But Spock has already turned and moved toward the science console where Decker sits.
68) 3) dialog: Commander, if I may...?
68) 5) dialog: I have been monitoring your Starfleet transmissions, Captain, your engine design difficulties.
68) 6) text: Spock continues to punch information into the science computer -- a monitor screen IMAGE begins to show com- plex equations which Spock inspects -- he makes a further computer punch out and inspects a second  monitor IMAGE of other equations. Only then does Spock seem to become aware of Kirk and Decker standing there with questioning expressions.
68) 7) dialog: (continuing) I offer my services as Science Officer.
68) 14) text: But as Chapel crosses to Spock, her pleased smile brightening her whole face, Spock turns, dismisses her presence with a cold disinterested glance -- Chapel stops, stands dumbfounded. Spock gives McCoy a similar glance - turns back to his console readings as:
68) 16) text: The same cold glance causes Uhura to stop in mid- sentence. Several grins directed toward Spock are now fading from bridge crew faces. Spock has turned back again for a last quick reading at the console and now stands -- totally ignoring everyone else as he speaks coolly, unemotionally to Kirk:
68) 18) dialog: With your permission, I will now discuss these fuel equations with the Engineer.
68) 19) text: Kirk manages a nod, a bit dumbfounded himself at Spock's strange manner. Spock heads for the elevator -- puz- zled expressions from the entire bridge crew. Then Kirk calls after him, very sincerely:
68) 21) text: Spock continues onto the elevator without any acknow- ledgment, leaves. Kirk glances, perplexed, at McCoy. McCoy, equally perplexed, shrugs. McCOY Never look a gift Vulcan in the ears, Jim.
70) 1) text: Scott making an intermix chamber reading with a hand- held timer-temperature device which emits SIGNALS while Spock now in regulation uniform and hair trim, makes adjustments in the circuitry of a panel complex. Dur- ing the following, they will react as if they've solved the engine problem.
72) 0) text: Where, first, CAMERA SHOOTS THROUGH THE WINDOW, the myriad of stars, space, the whole magnificent vista. In the lounge, empty but for them, are Kirk and McCoy -- obviously awaiting Spock, who ENTERS and presents himself cold and aloof as before:
72) 1) dialog: Reporting as ordered, Captain.
72) 3) text: Spock remains standing, addresses Kirk:
72) 4) dialog: Sir, I would appreciate Dr. McCoy absenting himself from this interview.
72) 6) text: For an instant, it looks like Spock will refuse. Then, he complies but sits formally, rigidly. He ignores McCoy totally.
72) 8) dialog: (still formally) Negative, Captain. I could sense only what seemed an almost omniscient pattern of perfect logic. I can explain nothing more; I understand nothing more.
72) 11) dialog: That inquiry invades my personal life, Captain. McCOY Spock, we've already guessed why you're here...
72) 13) text: Although Spock has been almost infuriatingly emotionless, his expression shifts slightly. McCoy indicates this: McCOY That flicker of emotion confirms our guess. You failed.
72) 15) dialog: (facing McCoy for the first time) Your deductions do you credit, Doctor... if your puerile curiosity does not. McCOY (not in amusement) And now, anger, Spock?
72) 16) text: Spock looks straight ahead -- his face instantly com- posed to almost total blankness.
72) 17) dialog: (beat; nods) I still contain fragments of my human half.
72) 20) dialog: ... is my only hope of accomplishing what the Masters could not. McCOY If you achieve perfect logic, Spock, you'll pay a price. It's given your planet ten thousand years of peace, but no poetry's been written since then, no music.
72) 21) text: Spock has come to his feet fast - but Kirk is on his feet too, confronting him. During which:
72) 23) dialog: I have accepted service here as a Starfleet officer... sir.
72) 25) text: Spock EXITS. Kirk and McCoy exchange a troubled look, then EXIT too as CAMERA CENTERS AGAIN ON OBSERVATION WINDOW, the view of space there.
73) 8) dialog: (flat, impassive) We are being scanned, Captain.
73) 11) dialog: Intruder scans emanate from the exact cloud center. Energy of a type entirely un- known to me.
73) 18) dialog: Twelve power energy field --
73) 22) dialog: (interrupting) Captain, I suspect there's an object at the heart of that cloud.
73) 32) text: Decker trails his words, realizing that Spock isn't hearing a word. Spock's attention is on the O.S. main viewer, totally absorbed by something he's feeling. He is slowly rising from his seat, stepping forward -- Kirk becomes conscious of this, turns and sees Spock's strange expression. Before he can speak:
73) 33) dialog: They have... they have been communicating with us. I sense ... puzzlement. Why have we not replied?
73) 35) text: Spock shakes his head... then reacts as if sensing or theorizing something further. He turns, moves quickly to his console, begins there as if searching for somethin Interrupted by another ALARM KLAXON.
79) 8) dialog: Captain, the Intruder has been attempting to communicate! Now placing their transmission on the speaker...
79) 10) dialog: (continuing) ... frequency more than one million megahertz at such high speed their entire message lasts only a millisecond.
79) 12) text: so we can SEE in more detail Spock's monitor -- various oscillating waves, and HEAR more of the SHRILL BEEPS as  Spock manipulates his equipment, and continues:
79) 13) dialog: I suspect our messages were too slow for them to be noticed. (touches a control) Programming computer to send linguacode at their rate.
79) 14) text: Decker has hurried in to assist the science console. Spock indicates a console area -- Decker works there -- Spock works another section of console buttons.
84) 3) text: Spock -- Decker assisting -- works frantically. Spock is clearly dissatisfied, shakes his head tightly.
84) 6) text: as Spock hits the "transmit" button, and we HEAR the SHRILL BEEP SOUND (lasting but a fraction of a second), and Decker calls to Kirk:
84) 11) dialog: It appears that our message has been understood, Captain.
84) 15) text: Spock turns, gives the O.S. viewer a glance. Then he shakes head.
84) 16) dialog: The 'puzzlement' I sensed was fleeting... minor... (ponders, then) ... as if carrying a sense of our insignificance, Captain.
84) 18) text: All have reacted to this; Kirk exchanges a look with Spock who nods firmly. Then Kirk sees that both Decker and Sulu are throwing him a questioning look. In b.g. McCoy and Chapel have EXITED bridge with Chekov.
84) 19) dialog: We are obviously confronted by a highly advanced mentality... yet they cannot understand who we are, or what we want.
84) 22) dialog: That would presuppose a feeling, Commander... compassion. I sensed no emotion, only... (reverentially) ... pure logic.
84) 23) text: Kirk peers at Spock hoping for some assistance on the decision; but Spock merely peers back at him ex- pressionlessly: the decision is Kirk's. Kirk faces Spock one last beat, then turns and starts back to- ward his chair, calling to Ilia.
84) 29) dialog: Recommend we proceede, Captain.
84) 33) text: Decker glances around, moves close to Kirk so only Spock is able to overhear:
84) 37) text: Kirk looks at him, then at Spock, who once more is peering in momentary concentration at the viewer, feels Kirk's gaze -- and turns to him, again expres- sionlessly; it's up to Kirk.
86) 0) text: On Viwscreen we SEE a vast array of IMAGES, spiralling  IMAGES, changing in size, shape, colour. Its walls  spinning and turning, looping and twisting, as the  Enterprise proceeds further Into the Cloud.  Amazed bridge crew members can do nothing but awe at  the sight before thier eye's. Even Spock has turned to  view the sight now illuminating the View screen. Kirk  sits pondering, amazed, thinking "What comes next?" 
88) 2) dialog: Instruments fluctuating, Captain. Patterns unrecognizable.
88) 15) dialog: (awed; compelled) That vessel is generating a forcefield measurably greater than the radiation of the Earth's sun.
90) 4) text: Very nervous looks now directed toward Kirk. Even Spock gives him a glance, a raised eyebrow.
92) 14) text: The Probe is sending out snake-like tendrils to the various consoles on the bridge. These tendrils lash out in a cobra-strike movement, the tendril-head seeming to enter into the console affected -- at which time all monitors and instrument lights there come ON as if the Probe is "reading" each console function. The crew carefully stays clear of the tendrils. Spock has risen, moving to Kirk's side as he slowly brings his tricorder up, very carefully extracting its tiny sensor and aiming it at the probe.
92) 16) dialog: (quiet) A probe from their vessel... (to Kirk) A plasma-energy combination...
92) 27) text: As Decker moves to the main power control, Spock now steps in, his Vulcan strength easily brushing Kirk and Decker aside. Spock clasps his fists above his head, brings it down in a SHATTERING BLOW on the console. It splits open! As the bridge lights dim even more, and as the science console shorts itself out -- and off, Decker confronts Spock:
92) 29) dialog: This served the purpose.
92) 30) text: Kirk has been giving Spock a puzzled look -- Spock now turns abruptly, and:
92) 31) text: as Spock, in stepping back, accidentally brushes the probe's energy tendril -- a FLASH OF LIGHT at the contact point sends Spock sinning under the rail and to the floor near Ilia. The probe's energy-tendril has withdrawn from the darkened science console, hov- ers high over the dazed Spock as if angrily seeking the reason for the break in its computer contact. Spock starts to rise.
92) 48) dialog: Captain, we have been seized by a tractor beam...!
93) 0) text: as Spock studies his readings, and:
93) 1) dialog: We cannot break free, Captain. (indicates monitors) We do not have a fraction of the power necessary. 
93) 3) text: Spock peers in deep concentration at the Main Viewer, trying to sense some clue. Kirk glances at him another moment, then turns to the Main Viewer himself, watches in frustrated helplessness.
95) 0) text: as Difalco arrives on the run, and Decker AD LIBS to her, "Assume Navigator's station, Chief...!" Difalco, bewildered, wants to ask what happened, but no time, and she quickly sits at the post, begins orienting herself. Meanwhile, Decker has begun an Executive Officer's bridge circuit, assisting with various con- soles. Kirk is glancing toward Spock who continues concentrating on the Viewer, striving to comprehend the myriad of thoughts he is sensing from he Aliens. McCoy also arrives on the bridge, takes in the chaotic scene, watches the Viewer grimly.
97) 2) text: Spock replies for Kirk: quickly, as though to make his point convincingly:
97) 3) dialog: Break free to where, Commander...? (to Kirk) Any show of resistance would not only be futile, Catain...
97) 4) text: 240XA   ACROSS SPOCK TO KIRK (DECKER AND McCOY IN B.G.) as Kirk reacts somewhat curiously to Spock's remark, but it is Decker who articulates it:
99) 1) text: Kirk peering awed at the Viewer, the incredible sight of the chamber -- suddenly glances up to see that Spock is standing beside him -- Decker nearby, turns to Spock:
99) 4) dialog: (peering at Viewer) Something about us puzzles them... perhaps even concerns them.
101) 5) dialog: The tractor beam has released us, Captain.
101) 13) dialog: (manipulating controls) Commencing sensor scans.
101) 14) text: Kirk rises, goes to Spock's station.
103) 6) dialog: Captain...
103) 7) text: Spock brings a monitor IMAGE ON again, indicates a (Povill) pattern showing a line hitting something, then reversing direction.
103) 8) dialog: (continuing) All scans are being reflected back, Captain. Our sensors are useless.
103) 11) dialog: (voice increasingly reverential) I believe the light flares to be energy fields -- undoubtedly part of the vessel's inner mechanism. A technology so incredibly sophisticated that I cannot --
103) 20) text: And Spock rises, joins Kirk and they hurriedly exit, the CAMERA SWINGING BACK to Decker, his perplexed con- cern (because of Ilia).
105) 1) text: entering, Spock slightly behind him - and one Security Guard. Kirk glances around the room, now glances at the shower area and reacts as he sees the NAKED FORM. The others react similarly, even Spock cannot help re- pressing an expression of surprise. A moment's uncer- tainty as Kirk peers at them, then he steps to the stall door, hesitates another instant -- then slides the door open. (NOTE: Arrange lighting for bizarre, mysterious effect.) Kirk's eyes cannot believe what he is seeing:
105) 20) text: Stunned, disbelieving reactions as all four attempt to digest this -- Spock gazing at "Ilia" with even more rapt fascination. Kirk, bewildered, addresses the others:
105) 24) dialog: Join with the Creator... ? How?
105) 26) dialog: Who is the Creator? McCOY (worried) Mr. Spock, be careful.
105) 32) dialog: (fast; to McCoy) Doctor, a thorough examination of this probe might provide some insight into those who manufactured it, and how to deal with them. McCOY Let's get her to sickbay.
105) 45) dialog: (to "Ilia") Interesting. Not 'Decker-unit'?
105) 46) text: "Ilia" continues peering at Decker with just a hint of a puzzled frown, a glimmer of distant recognition. It's the first time we've seen her expression look anything but cool and bland. This results in the quizzical rising of one of Spock's eyebrows.
105) 47) text: McCoy's examination now turns "Ilia" away from the others. Spock quickly catches Kirk's and Decker's attention, indicates an adjoining door -- they fol- low him out of the room. 259   INT. McCOY'S OFFICE as Kirk, Spock and Decker enter, the door snapping shut -- and Spock touching the electronic lock to secure them. He faces the others:
105) 48) dialog: Captain... this probe may be a key a key to the Aliens.
105) 50) dialog: We have just seen that its body duplicates our navigator in precise detail. Suppose that beneath its programming, the real Ilia's memory patterns are duplicated with equal precision.
105) 52) dialog: (nods) ... they may have followed it too precisely.
105) 55) dialog: Exactly. (to Decker) And you did have a 'relationship' with Lieutenant Ilia, Commander.
105) 61) text: Kirk exchanges a quick glance with Spock. Then:
105) 71) dialog: I am uneasy with that being our only hope of more information.
105) 72) text: Spock EXITS.
107) 1) dialog: His face fixed with grim determination, walking quietly with obvious intent not to attract the Tech's attention. Now he steals up behind the TECH -- and in an instant has applied a Vulcan nerve pinch. The Tech slumps over his console.
108) 3) text: In the b.g., Spock's station a MAINTENANCE TEAM is replacing the broken Science Station computer. (Spock is conspicuously absent.)
112) 0) text: The ship stationary in the chamber as now we SEE an exterior hatch sliding fully open. Up through the hatch a circular airlock door opens -- and a tiny figure in a thruster spacesuit emerges, steps into space, slowly floats down through the hatch and under the Enterprise saucer section. In this and subsequent VIEWS we will SEE that on the rear pack of his thruster spacesuit is a FLASHING STROBE LIGHT which regularly EMITS the identifying SIGNAL of this particular suit. (By which Kirk will be able to see Spock's position even from several miles away.)
112) 1) text: MOVING TOWARD the CAMERA until the features behind the face mask are clearly identifiable: Spock, his face set in the same grim, determined expression, as he touches his spacesuit transmitter control.
112) 2) dialog: Computer, commence recording. Captain Kirk -- this message will detail my attempt to contact the aliens...
114) 1) dialog: His thrusters moving him across V'ger's vast chamber then dropping down into a deep "trough"-like area which stretches into the distance ahead of him. A cloud of CRYSTAL FORMS (Kirk's entrapment) become visible to one side but Spock passes them at some dis- tance and does not attract them. We can SEE more clearly now the point on the inner wall of the trough toward which Spock is heading. It is an unusual combination of GLOWING FORCEFIELDS which seem to mark this point of the vessel as of some importance. (Here, also, we will become aware of "sensor-bee" swarms, intermittently darting toward this same wall from all points of the chamber.)
116) 4) text: Spock's STROBE blinker at a mile or so distance, nearing V'ger's inner walls.
116) 7) text: During which, Kirk touches his thruster controls and blue thruster jet propels him off in the direction indicated. His thrusters come on for a longer period of time as he accelerates to the higher speed necessary to overtake Spock...
118) 1) text: Kirk but a small object, thruster jets occasionally spurting as he guides himself deeper into the trench as he continues forward progress in the direction he saw Spock taking.
118) 2) text: So we can SEE his face (through the plate), as he looks ahead into the distance toward Spock.
118) 3) text: Spock's STROBE signal closer and Spock's tiny space- suited figure now becoming dimly visible as he moves steadily toward the GLOWING FORCEFIELDS of the inner wall.
120) 0) text: Spock's spacesuited figure MOVING TOWARD the CAMERA, as we HEAR:
120) 2) text: No indication at first that Spock has heard; his face set with determination, his eyes fixed on his destin- ation: the inner wall.
121) 0) text: showing Kirk's spacesuit completely covered, encased in the blob. Kirk is no longer moving. But in the distance, facing toward him is Spock!
122) 0) text: with Spock in the near distance, heading TOWARD the CAMERA. As he approaches Kirk, Spock brings out his phaser. Now he hits the controls for the REVERSE JETS -- he slows RAPIDLY as he approaches Kirk's now complete- ly encased spacesuit. Spock makes a quick phaser adjustment.
123) 2) dialog: I am seeking answers, Captain.
123) 4) text: Spock does not immediately reply, peers at Kirk through the faceplate a long beat, then abruptly looks away, points off into the distance:
123) 6) dialog: (pointing) Captain, I believe there we will find an indication of whoever -- or whatever -- is aboard this vessel...
123) 7) text: Kirk weighs alternatives, then pushes his thruster controls and begins moving in the direction Spock indicated. Their thruster jets flash, propel them toward the  point on the inner wall.
124) 0) text: The most prominent area of the vast inner wall -- the patterns on the wall here seem to GLOW with life. The spacesuited figures of Kirk and Spock ENTER SCENE, gliding slowly toward what seems to be the central part of theses patterns.
124) 1) text: as they approach and then we SEE the brief REVERSE THRUSTERS and then forward momentum stops; motionless. Then Spock sees something, indicates.
125) 0) text: closely approaching the inner wall now, timing their movements to coincide with the arrival of another "swarm" -- the wall begins OPENING. The "swarm" through, the wall begins CLOSING -- but Spock and  Kirk slip in before it closes.
126) 4) dialog: It would appear that the atomic arrays of these crystals store information. A remarkably efficient system.
126) 6) dialog: (nods; indicates) New crystals: they must contain the most recent data obtained --
126) 7) text: And Spock touches one of these new crystals (it will be shinier, more pulsating than the others): ANOTHER 
126) 11) dialog: (agreeing) Exact patterns. The energy bolt that hit them wasn't simply a weapon -- it dematerialized them, stored them. But why?
126) 15) dialog: Captain, I do not believe there is a crew -- or that this is a vessel as such.
126) 17) dialog: (continuing) I am almost certain now that all of this is V'ger -- I believe that we are inside a life form, a living machine.
126) 18) text: Spock turns his spacesuit, turns his tricorder out to- ward the Mediator Balls, takes a reading in that di- rection. Then a glance to Kirk.
126) 19) dialog: I must attempt mindmeld with it, Captain.
126) 20) text: Spock touches his spacesuit controls; the THRUSTER JETS move him out toward the Mediator Balls.
126) 22) text: Spock reaching the Ball, halts his momentum and removes one gauntlet, baring his hand. Stretching the bare hand toward a part of it which looks strangely "alive." The very power generated from this area is clearly affecting Spock's hand. Meanwhile, Kirk has used his THRUSTERS to join him.
126) 24) text: But Spock pays him no attention, his entire being now focused on the PULSATING GLOW of the "alive" area -- the CAMERA MOVING IN CLOSER TO Spock, as he forces his hand toward that surface, closer, closer.
126) 26) text: preparing for the ordeal, moving his hand to the "liv- ing area," the invisible force even stronger -- but Spock's strength unwavering, and now he touches the  surface -- and it FLARES WITH STRANGE ENERGY at the touch. And at the same moment Spock' body convulses as if tens of thousands of volts of electricity are charging through him.
127) 6) dialog: (quiet) Jim...
127) 7) text: And Spock reaches out a hand weakly., takes a surprised Kirk's hand in his. McCoy exchanges a surprised glance  with Kirk, as Spock -- clutching Kirk's hand in friend- ship and need -- struggles to summon strength to speak.
127) 8) dialog: (continuing) This simple feeling... (looks at Kirk) ... is so far beyond V'ger's comprehension.
127) 9) text: with Kirk and McCoy exchanging another surprised glance (at Spock's emotion), with McCoy gesturing Kirk not to question it.
127) 12) dialog: (nodding) A life form of its own; a conscious, living entity.
127) 17) text: as Spock turns to Kirk.
127) 18) dialog: I saw V'ger's planet: a planet populated by living machines. Unbelievable technology. (pained) V'ger has knowledge that spans this universe. And... in all this order... all this magnificence, V'ger feels no awe...no delight... no beauty... (a beat; exhausted) I should have known...
127) 19) text: Kirk waits for Spock to continue, but Spock seems too weak.
127) 21) text: But Spock falls back, exhausted -- and McCoy gently tugs at Kirk, AD-LIBBING, "Let him rest, Jim..." Kirk shrugs McCoy away, addresses Spock:
127) 23) dialog: (weak) No meaning... No hope... (summoning strength) And, Jim, no answers...! Jim, it's looking for answers itself!
127) 25) dialog: 'Is this all I am? Is there not more?'
127) 31) text: as Chapel urns to a MED TECH, AD LIBS an order, "Dalaphaline, twenty cc's..." As the Tech quickly sets the hypo-injector, and hands it to Chapel - and she injects Spock, the hypo emitting a fast, QUIET HISS -- Kirk gazes at Spock just an instant as Spock breathes deeply, the drug clearly strengthening him. Chapel and the Tech help Spock from the bed, as Kirk addresses McCoy:
127) 33) text: Kirk looks at him, then at Spock -- on his feet now -- then at McCoy again:
128) 0) text: Kirk with McCoy and Spock, who although somewhat shaky, is clearly more alert. They are just assuming their stations.
128) 7) text: Uhura hits buttons and immediately from the speakers we  HEAR A SERIES OF CARRIER WAVE BEEPS. Spock looks up from  his console, listens to it.
128) 8) dialog: Puzzling! The interference appears to be a rather simple carrier wave code signal...
128) 20) dialog: (interrupting; from science console) These read as identical composition... (turns to Kirk) ... however, Captain, they measure several hundred times more powerful!
128) 28) dialog: From four equidistant positions, Captain, a detonation would blanket the entire surface of the planet.
128) 37) dialog: (to Kirk) Then V'ger believes the Creator to be a machine too.
128) 41) text: as he throws a look toward Spock who is now in deep meditation. Kirk turns and takes "Ilia's" shoulders and carefully turns her to face him. McCOY '... similar life forms...?' Jim, V'ger's saying the Creator is a machine...!
128) 45) text: Kirk pauses abruptly: "Ilia" is regarding him blandly, stonily -- not the slightest reaction or response; clearly Kirk's plea is being ignored. Kirk draws in his breath to continue, realizes the futility, turns helplessly to Spock.
128) 47) dialog: (quiet, terse) Captain... (reaches Kirk) Treat V'ger as you would... a child.
128) 51) dialog: Yes, Captain, a child: evolving into adulthood -- learning, searching -- instinctively needing.
128) 53) text: Spock peers at McCoy almost sadly, then replies to Decker.
128) 54) dialog: It doesn't know what it needs, Comm          ander... (to Kirk) It does not know.
128) 55) text: Kirk says nothing, looks at Spock who is awaiting a reaction; then Kirk glances at "Ilia" -- his brain is racing, struggling to reach a decision. And then:
130) 13) text: Kirk does not reply to this, turns away to observe the withdrawing crew. Most are out; only Spock, Decker and McCoy remain behind -- with McCoy on his  way. The bridge lighting dims, and now Kirk looks at Spock, who nods approvingly; clearly Spock is the only person who seems to comprehend what Kirk is doing, and why. As Kirk now moves toward the exit, and the lights  are dimmed even further:
130) 21) text: Decker and McCoy about to enter, Spock and Kirk just behind -- all stopping abruptly now at "Ilia's" state- ment. The very tone of her voice is enough for them to realize they have made a very telling point. Kirk follows fast:
130) 25) text: 342   ACROSS McCOY TO KIRK AND SPOCK as Kirk looks at Spock, Kirk's whole expression convey- ing the obvious question: "What the hell do we do now?" But Spock is ready with an answer:
130) 26) dialog: Captain, the vessel -- V'ger -- obviously operates from a central brain complex...
130) 27) text: Spock allows the sentence to hang, as he and Kirk eye each other significantly, the CAMERA SWINGING OVER TO KIRK so we can perceive that to Kirk this idea has an even greater significance.
130) 29) dialog: Precisely.
130) 35) dialog: A tractor beam...
132) 0) text: as the four officers step down onto the bridge, Spock hurrying to his science station, Kirk to the center seat.
134) 0) dialog: as Kirk hesitates, glances around at the crew -- now all having resumed their stations -- and then grimly looks at "Ilia" who still remains at the rail.
134) 2) text: Hearing this, Spock whirls around -- peers incredulously at Kirk. He appears for a moment to be incensed at Kirk's words. Then he realizes and understands Kirk's position and turns, sadly resigned, back to his work.
136) 7) dialog: His back to the viewer, the angle does not reveal his facial features, but we can discern him struggling to contain his feelings. 352   WIDER ANGLE (INCLUDE KIRK, McCOY, AND DECKER) Kirk's back to Spock as he watches the viewer, Kirk now turning toward Spock.
136) 9) text: Spock does not respond, then Kirk reacts with momentary annoyance, then realizes Spock is totally distracted. Kirk peers at him a moment, then suddenly rises and steps up to: 353   SPOCK'S STATION - KIRK AND SPOCK (McCOY IN B.G.) as Kirk arrives, with Spock still facing away from him, clearly distracted.
136) 11) text: Spock moves to face him, turning fully INTO the CAMERA so we can see now, just under Spock's eye: A tear! Welling fom the eye, rolling down his cheek. Kirk is speechless a moment, glances at McCoy who has also witnessed this phenomenon, and started toward Spock; but Kirk gestures McCoy to stay back, as he addresses Spock:
136) 13) dialog: No, Captain, not for us... for V'ger.
136) 14) text: Spock pauses as Kirk peers incredulously at him, then continues:
136) 15) dialog: (continuing) I weep for V'ger, as I would for a brother -- far more knowledgeable than I -- and yet one step behind.
136) 16) text: 354   ANGLE ON McCOY AND DECKER Listening, McCoy's face reflecting concern; Decker's face compassion and understanding, with Decker step- ping closer to Spock, as Spock continues:
136) 17) dialog: As I was -- when I came aboard... so is V'ger now: empty, incomplete. Searching. Logic and knowledge are not enough. McCOY (with empathy) Spock, are you saying that you found, what you needed -- but V'ger hasn't?
136) 18) dialog: Has not, Doctor -- and now, because of what we are planning... will not...
136) 21) dialog: V'ger has begun to understand the true limits of our universe, thereby realizing the existence of other dimensions. To fulfill itself it must evolve to a higher dimension; V'ger believes this can be achieved only by joining with the Creator.
136) 22) dialog: Each of us, at some time in our life, turns to someone, a father, a brother, a God and asks 'Why am I here?' 'What was I meant to be?' V'ger hopes to touch its Creator to find its answers.
136) 29) dialog: (flat) Captain, I believe that is our destination.
140) 3) dialog: (fast) Captain, the orbital device will     (ALT.) not be triggered for twenty-two      (nineteen...) minutes...                           (fifteen...)
140) 5) dialog: (eying "Ilia"; carefully) The point is, Captain, twenty-two    (ALT. 
140) 7) text: Kirk glances at the Viewer, the oncoming "island," then at Spock:
140) 9) text: (ALT: "19",)    (Mr. Spock), if we do not provide (     "15  )    V'ger with certain information, we won't have twenty-two seconds; the plan must be implemented upon arrival.
142) 7) dialog: That transmitter is a vital link between V'ger and the Creator. (its)
142) 22) dialog: ... and then to reassemble itself combined with the Creator. The most certain way of obtaining all the Creator's answers.
144) 6) text: 373   KIRK, SPOCK AND McCOY McCoy is looking at Kirk with an incredulous expression on his face. McCOY And when it realizes what the Creator is...?
144) 8) dialog: That seems to be what it has planned -- to have the Creator physically present here. McCOY (small smile) The God it captures is going to be a hell of a disappointment.
144) 15) text: The three of them exchange looks -- Kirk, Spock and McCoy exchanging a silent moment of friendship and resignation. Then Kirk lifts his communicator again:
144) 19) text: 377   KIRK, SPOCK AND McCOY still waiting. They continue to wait. McCoy shifts uncomfortably, throws Kirk a puzzled glance. Kirk finally lifts his communicator.
144) 33) dialog: Jim... he wants it.
147) 2) dialog: (nods) Yes, Captain. It needed our mortality, the fear of it, our struggle against it, our fears, our dreams...
147) 4) dialog: (looks at Kirk; then) I prefer your poet Dante's phrase -- 'the divine restlessness of the human spirit.' McCOY Spock... you're quoting poetry?
147) 5) text: Spock's cold look at McCoy is interrupted by:
147) 9) dialog: (coolly) I have no business on Vulcan, Engineer.
147) 10) text: Kirk and Spock exchange a look -- then Kirk turns to the helm.
147) 14) dialog: (nods gravely) A most logical choice, Captain.
147) 15) text: Then the trace of a smile comes over Spock's face.