3) 2) text: The TECHNICIAN makes the switch.
12) 8) dialog: I have an exterior visual!
12) 10) text: The Starfleet station onlookers react to the utter annihilation of the huge cruiser. And now, past where the cruiser just disappeared -- the mysterious LUMINES- CENCE approaching in distance. Technician hits a switch, magnifying the strange CLOUD.
20) 0) text: an installation which also includes a double position transporter, in which we SEE the TRANSPORTER EFFECT BEGIN. With the TRANSPORTER CREW IS SCOTT. He's with a Technician, busy with a piece of complex circuitry. Then he turns, sees that it is Kirk BEAMING in here. As Kirk materializes, steps off the transporter plat- form, Scott moves quickly to him.
34) 0) text: A confusion of activity and VOICES. Pieces o equip- ment in a state of disarray: consoles open, fiber optic tubes unconnected, viewing screens dismantled. It's a frantic, desperate scene -- a ship and crew to- tally unprepared. In the midst of this: ALIEN ensign is assisting UHURA (Lt. Comdr. stripes)deftly working her communications station, AD LIBBING "... Hailing frequency four, check. Hailing frequency five, will someone please check me?" At the helm, sweat-soaked SULU (Lt. Comdr stripes) has a service plate open, is peering inside to make delicate adjust- ments, AD LIBBING "... Helm, now give me a reading on four point zero zero six of full." And at the Weapons Control, CHEKOV (Full Lt.)argues with TECHNICIANS who insist photon torpedoes read "ready" while Chekov argues the computer is not relaying that information.
35) 0) text: The entire complex a beehive of pre-departure activity. ENGINEERING PERSONNEL (at least a third of them female) coming and going, the platform-elevators (small, one- man lifts to various levels) busy. A gentle but con- stant HUM and WHIRR flows from the engine core, to indi- cate a pre-idling mode. There will be continual AD LIBBED conversation among the Technicians. Now the Engine Room door opens and Kirk steps into the  area. He stands a moment observing the activity. a grizzled ENGINEERING CHIEF pushes a huge condenser on an anti-grav device past irk with a respectful "watch it, sir" admonishment. Kirk moves on to:
35) 30) text: Decker EXITS. Kirk waits, collecting his composure as he watches him go. Then Kirk turns to glare at Scott. Interrupted by a flare as something shorts out at the mechanism where Scott and Decker had been working. Technician (Clearly) reacts, hits an inter- com button fast:
35) 31) dialog: Transporter room, come in! Urgent! (to Scott) Redline on the transporters, Mister Scott!
35) 34) dialog: (reacting to the reading; interruption) Too late; they're beaming now!
38) 11) dialog: I have a null reading at the  center of the 'cloud,' sir.
107) 0) text: The area dimly lit -- unoccupied but for a lone AIRLOCK TECHNICIAN checking and adjusting instruments. The CAMERA MOVES PAST him to FIND:
115) 0) text: SHOWING Kirk in a thruster spacesuit, helmet being readied by AIRLOCK TECHNICIANS. McCoy is also here, arguing with Kirk:
130) 0) text: as all react to the powerful blasts, holding on to  railings, etc, at the same time attempting to secure their stations for the evacuation. The DAMAGE REPAIR TECHNICIAN leaves his station, crossing to exit.
133) 0) text: at his console, a female engineering technician (CHIEF ROSS) nearby, the usual engine room ambience in the b.g., as: