9) 2) dialog: I'll ask him. (into his Go-Fone) Buckaroo, I need an estimate.  They're getting antsy over Control.
11) 1) dialog: (into phone) The chief needs ten more minutes.  I got the chopper wait start without us.
13) 3) dialog: We help. The surgeon curious, studying the big TV monitor, Rawhide explanation is in order:
13) 4) dialog: Dr. Banzai's using a laser to fuse artificial nerve fiber original, bypassing massive stroke damage.  A subcutaneou gonna allow the patient to transmit verbal instructions t brain.
13) 6) dialog: Or "throw the harpoon," depending on cultural differences gonna come from all over. This guy's an Eskimo.
29) 0) text: ALL EYES glued to those TV monitors, Rawhide and Reno  watching...Perfect Tommy slapping his hand on the desk.
57) 5) dialog: Well, we partied pretty late last night. 91 BACK TO Dr. Lizardo now hearing footsteps outside in the
61) 0) text: Backstage in a small dressing room, the rock band known a Kong Cavaliers waits to go on...three unidentified GROUPI attendance as Rawhide naps and Reno tunes his saxophone w Tommy answers the questions of a FEMALE REPORTER from the underground press... Professor Hikita meantime at a corner table, studying his examining a pair of KODAK SLIDES... ...as there is the sound of a commotion in the corridor, and FOOT TRAFFIC coming this way, Rawhide methodically co under his Stetson:
61) 1) dialog: Five...four...three...two...one. 107 The door to the dressing room opening precisely on the co admitting an out-of-breath and hastily tuxedoed Buckaroo SMALL CROWD OF ASSORTED FEMAL FANS locked outside.
61) 3) dialog: Got a half a tuna sandwich.
61) 24) dialog: No question about it.  Something very akin to arachnoid t hadda guess?  A mutated species.
65) 8) dialog: Hot off the World Watch Wire, Buckaroo. Thought you'd wan notified. That old pal of the professor's, Dr. Emilio Liz you did the brain scan on--?  He killed a guard last nigh the Trenton Home for the Criminally Insane, stole a Masar it a block away. Buckaroo's expression changing at the mention of the name Lizardo...taking the  print-out.
65) 10) dialog: Vanished. Thin air.
65) 14) dialog: Dr. Lizardo's a raving lunatic, Perfect Tommy, a vicious with crazy eyes and flaming orange hair that once upon a brown like yours.
65) 16) dialog: First thing I did.
65) 18) dialog: The professor and Dr. Emilio Lizardo were actually the fi discover the Eighth Dimension.  Almost fifty years ago. Buckaroo's parents even knew each other.  But there was t rocket catapult failed and Dr. Lizardo got sucked half in out...when they hauled him back ,he wasn't the same guy. orange...
65) 20) dialog: He went on a senseless crime spree, killed a cop during a got caught and judged insane.  The professor told us they the key.
65) 23) dialog: And another thing.  Somebody took five bucks outta petty signing. Buckaroo and Reno automatically turning to Perfect Tommy.
74) 3) dialog: Maybe it's just a prankster. Some computer whiz kid.
74) 6) dialog: And try the President's private number at the hospital. is on the level. We're busy people here. 156 ...when suddenly eerie, inexplicable things begin to occu TO DO WITH ELECTRICITY...the telephone book scooting clos Buckaroo's fingers as if drawn by a magnet, the pages the faster and faster... 157 ...Buckaroo amazed...now the glass phone booth door abrup shut, the phone simultaneously emitting a BIZARRE BUZZ... 158 ...and then Buckaroo gets literally the shock of his life ELECTRICAL CURRENT PASSING THROUGH THE TELEPHONE...
78) 3) dialog: Shit!
89) 0) text: Back in the press conference room, the anxious Cavaliers several LAW ENFORCEMENT TYPES reconstruct the professor's A TINY BUZZER going off in Rawhide's pocket:  his SWISS A LIGHTER.  Rawhide turns his Back on everyone, taking out Luckies, lighting up as he talks quietly into the FLAME:
89) 1) dialog: Over, Buckaroo.  What's up?  Where in Hades are you?  I'm lotta static.
90) 2) dialog: Buckaroo, somebody shanghaied the Professor!
91) 1) dialog: What crate?
91) 3) dialog: (into flame) Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems?  You think they're mixed up ...Reno sitting down next to Penny at the piano, his woun sling but his fingers nimble as ever...
91) 10) dialog: All right.  Let's go!  We got our work cut out for us ton Reno getting up, Penny unsure at that moment whether she' included, as those steely eyes of Rawhide zero in on her.
91) 11) dialog: You, too, Miss Penny.
102) 2) dialog: Too long.  We better get somebody over there.  Put up the known location-- 215 CLOSE ON OSCILLOSCOPE...AN ELECTRONIC GRID FIELD coming u Buckaroo's last location. 216
102) 3) dialog: Hop on the Marconi, see if we got any Blue Shields within radius.
106) 0) text: A weary, worried Rawhide comes back into the front of the a seat near Penny and Reno...
106) 2) dialog: Nah-Damn sophisticated equipment always breaking down. Reno wondering if there's more to it than Rawhide's sayin losing himself in a copy of American Horseman. Penny leaning forward, thinking, picking at a guitar left in front of her, watching the mysterious Hong Kong Cavali 222 Perfect Tommy arriving, whispering something in Rawhide's nodding... Penny looking over at Perfect Tommy across the aisle, Per confiscating the guitar...his guitar.
109) 4) dialog: Any word from Buckaroo?
110) 2) dialog: Wish life was so simple, Billy.  Remember that outfit the Department checked into last year-Yoyodyne Propulsion Sys
118) 1) dialog: Try a new cipher.  Try G.
120) 5) dialog: Grover's Mills, Grovers' Mills...1938.  Why's that so dar
128) 6) dialog: It's all on the record. Come on- Buckaroo heading up the stairs... 260
128) 13) dialog: Faulty design.  It sucked.
134) 0) text: Rawhide, hearing screams from the Professor's laboratory, the corridor, gun drawn...
141) 0) text: ...stepping into a LARGE ROOM clouded with SMOKE from a b cabinet, Rawhide and a HULDING FORM struggling in the glo ...Buckaroo unable to get a clear shot at the beast when Rawhide succeeds in knocking his adversary to the floor,
141) 2) dialog: Look out, Buckaroo! Rawhide putting himself in the line of fire, suddenly clu lower back...Buckaroo starting toward Rawhide but...
141) 3) dialog: Behind you! Buckaroo turning as THE SHADOW OF THE ALIEN JOHN O'CONNOR back! ...Buckaroo firing his guns, wounding the creature, the d FIGURE retreating out into the corridor as Buckaroo turns see Rawhide's assailant dive into a hole in the floor!  A floor?
141) 5) dialog: Yeah. Just grazed me.  The Professor's under the floor to Overthruster... Buckaroo edging toward that strange orifice in the linole it himself...
148) 0) text: Buckaroo helping Professor Hikita up out of the floor...R very still now, surrounded by Reno, Perfect Tommy and New ...one look between New Jersey and Buckaroo sufficient to Rawhide hasn't got a chance...Buckaroo kneeling beside hi Rawhide forcing a smile...
148) 1) dialog: You're a welcome sight...
148) 3) dialog: Apache?
148) 5) dialog: So I was right.  That's nice to know... Across the room, Pinky Carruthers comes in with Casper an Lindley, and that black man from Planet 10, John Parker..
148) 10) dialog: (sinking) We gotta stop 'em, Buckaroo. Buckaroo turning from the BLACK ARACHTOID to his dying bu
148) 12) dialog: Sure do pack a mean wallop...let's go... BUT RAWHIDE CLOSING HIS EYES FOR THE FINAL TIME, as Bucka a pulse...the look in the great man's eyes saying it all. mixed with anger...