19) 4) dialog: May not...
23) 0) text: The Cavaliers at their monitors, calm...Hikita making min on his instrument bank...the Secretary of Defense and Gen both now at viewing slots in the blockhouse wall...
31) 2) dialog: He's gonna do it!  The man is gonna do it!
41) 5) dialog: He's heading for the goddamn mountains!
54) 1) dialog: (Taking the phone) Gimme that!  You tell me, Buckaroo, what in the hell is t through-solid-matter-and rendering-all-conventional-defen useless-over-night bullshit? But now Professor Hikita snatching the phone from the Sec turning his back to the room!
56) 5) dialog: This'll be the President of me? Perfect Tommy and Reno suddenly stepping forward, intimid Catburd...
71) 0) text: REPORTERS, cameras, microphones, and a small audience of and military, in a large hotel conference room...eyes on clock...examining charts and MODELS OF SUBATOMIC PARTICLE dais, Professor Hikita, Secretary of Defense McKinley and Cunningham, waiting for Buckaroo. 140 Over the refreshment table set up for reporters, TWO REDH WEARING GLASSES practically FILL THEIR CUPS WITH CUBES OF of their arms ELONGATING (1) for more sugar...THE STRANGE UNNOTICED... 141 ...as the crowd breaks into SPONTANEOUS APPLAUSE and Buck enter, Penny Priddy beside him...the glamorous couple sur Hong Kong Cavaliers. 142 JOHN O'CONNOR, and JOHN GOMEZ, those two nearsighted REDH sweet coffee applauding only politely. 143 Buckaroo taking Penny onto the dais with him, the Cavalie positions of security as... ...Buckaroo sits next to Professor Hikita who shields his what must be easily FIFTY MICROPHONES...
71) 3) dialog: Thank you for coming.  Before I answer any questions, I t owes us all a few explanations for yesterday's antics.
71) 11) dialog: Which is not a helluva lot to sink your teeth into.
71) 24) dialog: Now wait a minute here...
75) 2) dialog: Sure, sure, but what about the Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and S Dimensions?
149) 0) text: CLOSE ON the familiar face of the Secretary of Defense se unusual angle...PULLING BACK TO REVEAL PRESIDENT WIDMARK belly, surrounded by the electronics of his temporary set government, staring down at a special mirror that reflect Secretary of Defense, the Secretary pressing a point furt igniting a Camel with a lighter from the President's nigh
149) 1) dialog: It's not Buckaroo Banzai per se, Mr. President. It's his then foreigners...Asiatics, their names changed, their tr shrouded in secrecy! I mean, when you come right up again we really know about any of 'em? A NURSE appears with two little pills...
149) 4) dialog: (desperate) We've never had a weapon like the Jet Car in the past, Mr Light-weight, highly mobile, stick on some anti-tank miss grenade launchers, hell, we could buy ourselves two hundr for the price of ten tanks, send 'em swarming all over Iv bees, sir, right clear through their precious little Iron it was Swiss cheese!  They gotta be just scared shitless!
151) 2) dialog: Yoyodyne Propulsion?  The people working on our Truncheon Under control of alien nationals?  Reds?  Commies, you sa 307 ...New Jersey studying an initial computer enhancement of BLACK ARACHTOID SHIP HEADED TOWARD EARTH... 308
151) 4) dialog: Now wait one second...
152) 5) dialog: That's some kind of spider, isn't it?
154) 2) dialog: Get me John Bigboote at Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems, Inc. (to the President) ...the FBI.  Let's see if this spade's wanted.  What the name again?  Jackson?
154) 8) dialog: John...?  John Bigboote?  Right, Bigbooté, sorry.  Anywa how's everything over there at Yoyodyne?  How's my big bo Nothing out of the, you know, ordinary?  Spiders?  I know busy...lunch?  Sounds good...when's good for you?  Next T writing it down in my book.  See you then...Uncle Sam's t The Secretary writes nothing down, hangs up, looking unsa the conversation just concluded.
155) 6) dialog: Just curious, Buckaroo, but where's the Jet Car at these
158) 3) dialog: Well, if it wasn't Buckaroo Banzai, I'd say commit the ma
172) 11) dialog: Who the hell are those guys?  Where's Buckaroo?
174) 0) text: The Secretary of Defense pacing the aisle of the bus, loo watch while the Cavaliers and newly arrived Blue Shields eagerness for battle...checking watches, cleaning weapons
174) 1) dialog: Anybody got a report-anybody got anything?  Or are we sti out? Perfect Tommy looking back into World Watch One...
174) 9) dialog: Damn Buckaroo!  I'm the eyes and ears of the President of States of America!  In loco presidentis!  Which means I'm here!
174) 11) dialog: Who the hell do you think you are?
174) 13) dialog: Well let me tell you something, Mr. Perfect Tommy: I don' shit.  I could be on Easy Street with a cushy job in the sector.  But instead,  I got me a nine-hundred-million-do hell-behind-schedule top-secret bomber being built down t Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems and I don't intend to set twi in a bus while Buckaroo Banzai goes crashing around my ai for his damn girlfriend, driving a car that itself is pro more to this country than all the tea in China!  I'm talk Security risk and we are going in there like gentlemen an this thing out before somebody gets hurt!  You got that? ...the Secretary suddenly grabbing a weapon from a surpri Shield and turning it toward the driver...
174) 15) dialog: Hit it, soldier boy!  Move this buggy!  That's a goddamn order! With his weapon trained on the driver, who's to stop him?
176) 0) text: The Cavaliers letting the Secretary of Defense call the s moment, talking among themselves, Perfect Tommy squelchin of knocking off their hysterical hijacker:
176) 2) dialog: That's far enough, black boy... A mystified John Parker stepping back. 355 ANGLE TOWARD WINDSHIELD...the Secretary peering through t at the chain link gates coming into view...YOYODYNE-AN EQ OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.
176) 4) dialog: I'll handle the negotiations here... (to the driver) Slow her down.
177) 1) dialog: You fellas got a phone?  Ring ahead and get me John Bigbo him...
177) 3) dialog: What? Hell, I'll do it yourself if I want it done right, The Secretary pushing the astonished guards aside and pic telephone, the guards trying to stop him and in the proce their backs on the bus as it SILENTLY CRUISES PAST THE GA YOYODYNE...
179) 0) text: The Secretary of Defense struggling with the guards for p the phone, drawing his stolen weapon...
179) 1) dialog: Now you get this straight...you're up to your ass in alli I'm here to drain the swamp.  So I'm gonna use this phone is all over for you, Baby Blue... (picking up the phone) This is the Secretary of Defense at the poorly guarded we wanna speak to John Bigbooté, person to person.  Okay, o
187) 0) text: The Secretary of Defense meanwhile reaching the big hanga alarmed, chaos everywhere, shouting over the din:
187) 1) dialog: Bigboote! ...spotting John Bigbooté across the hangar floor, going staring bug-eyed at the MONSTROUS-LOOKING SPACECRAFT susp the hangar floor...
187) 2) dialog: What the hell...that ain't no Truncheon bomber, my friend approved that!
188) 1) dialog: Bigboote! Bigbooté giving no indication of seeing him, rounding a into his office... ...the Secretary rounding the corner too but seeing no si Bigbooté...instead just an office door, a nameplate read BIGBOOTÉ, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT...the Secretary of De the door...
189) 1) dialog: Bigboote?!  You can run, but you can't hide.  I want some ...but no sign of John Bigbooté.
191) 3) dialog: Operator...operator...how the hell does a person get an o around here? ...his gaze now focusing squarely on that cheap framed ph the RED ARACHTOIDS...Secretary McKinley losing his bearin
191) 4) dialog: Oh, Lord.  Never mind...forget it... ...his mind reeling, refusing to accept the obvious, the furniture and chairs in the room, somehow insect-like...a sound...a WOMAN'S SCREAM that seems to come from...undern floor? ...the Secretary cocking his weapon and stepping around t amazing thing occurs...A TRAPDOOR IN THE OFFICE FLOOR ope Secretary going to investigate, able to observe... 372 HIS POV of...John O'Connor coming up a ladder and, in the barely conscious Penny still in her private hell, trussed ANTS CRAWLING ON HER ARMS...the lurid specter of John Big at her...
192) 2) dialog: What the hell's is going on here, Bigboote? Where's my bo
192) 4) dialog: I don't give a flying handshake what it is! Where's my bo
192) 6) dialog: Your private life's your own concern, pal.  Where the hel bomber?  Look at this place...where's your pride?  It's l down here! 374 THE TELESCOPING ARM of John Bigbooté suddenly shooting o the Secretary off the floor, banging him into the wall...
194) 0) text: The Secretary of Defense still on the floor, spotting the in Penny's purse, taking it just as Buckaroo and New Jers the room...lights swaying...shadows dancing... ...the Secretary struggling to his feet as Buckaroo cuts down...spraying her with a white insecticide, New Jersey vital signs, Buckaroo shocking New Jersey accidentally wi STATIC ELECTRICITY, as the Secretary slips the OVERTHRUST coat...
194) 1) dialog: (to no one in particular) It's not over yet...I'll bounce back...always have.  I'll this thing smelling like a goddamn rose-just watch me. The Secretary limping out of the room...New Jersey trying penny's pulse while Buckaroo peels back her eyelids...
197) 0) text: Secretary of Defense McKinley makes his way through sever ARACHTOIDS running in blind panic...SIRENS WAILING...
197) 1) dialog: Coming through!  Clear it!
200) 0) text: Meanwhile, the floor of the hangar...the alien John Parke strange judo, the amazing Blue Shields fighting like Samu STINGERS, FIREING into the enemy at point blank range... 383 BUCKAROO SEEING Dr. Lizardo's engine start up, CLOUDS OF pouring from the exhaust pipes... 384 John Parker fighting his way toward the ship... 385 WHILE OVER YONDER the Secretary of Defense spots the JET amid that field of weird yellow totems...
209) 0) text: Meanwhile, unnoticed, Secretary of Defense John McKinley JET CAR, starts to climb in...
209) 4) dialog: Can opener...just a... Scooter taking the CURIOUS OBJECT from his prisoner, not second.