2) 0) text: A 52 year old, grey haired, bearded teacher in a wheelcha MR. BRUNNER, lectures to a group of kids who would rather elsewhere. Percy stares at his textbook.
5) 0) text: A spacious, glass-domed room filled with ancient GREEK ARTIFACTS, rusted WEAPONS, and ARTWORK. In the center of room, are imposing SCULPTURES of the TWELVE OLYMPIAN GODS MR. BRUNNER lectures from his wheelchair
5) 1) dialog: There are twelve Olympian Gods. The major three were brothers, who went on to rule the world. Zeus became the King of the gods and ruled the sky. His brother, Poseidon ruled the sea. And their other brother, Hades, ruled the underworld. A group of fairly disinterested high school SENIORS stand around Mr. Brunner. Percy stands off to the side, sweatsh pulled up to hide his ipod headphones. GROVER, Percy's roommate, stands beside him. Grover is overweight, with curly brown hair, glasses, a wispy goatee and a perpetual expression of lust and mischief. Using his cell phone, Grover snaps a photo of the Aphrodite statue's breasts. Brunner notices. Frowns. Not amused.
5) 3) dialog: A little more respect for the Gods. Grover sighs, hands over the cell phone. Brunner looks at the photos, holds up the camera for the class to see. The kids chuckle at the image of Aphrodite's breasts.
5) 4) dialog: What does this tell us about Grover?
5) 6) dialog: Possibly. Grover may be a tad more, hormonally challenged than most teenagers. But he still shares a similar weakness with all of us. Lust.
5) 8) dialog: It's something the Greek Gods also shared with us. There were several occasions, when the Gods would come down to earth and... how shall I put this?...
5) 10) dialog: They would hook up with mortals. Several kids snicker.
5) 11) dialog: The children of these unions were half- God and half-human. Can anyone tell me what they were called? Mr. Brunner scans to DREW BOBOFIT, a tough, angry, mean spirited bully with a buzzcut and tattoos.
5) 12) dialog: Mr. Bobofit?
5) 14) dialog: Anyone else? Percy? But Percy doesn't hear, lost in his music. Grover uses on of his crutches to yank the headset out of Percy's ear.
5) 16) dialog: What is the proper name for the offspring of a human and a God? Percy narrows his eyes, thinks, finally... it comes to hi
5) 18) dialog: Very good, Mr. Jackson. (to Drew Bobofit) Mr. Bobofit, you and the rest of the class obviously need a bit more incentive to learn this material. Perhaps a quiz will help. Tomorrow. Chapters 7 and 8.
6) 13) dialog: What's going on?!?
6) 16) dialog: --happened.
7) 0) text: Angry, Percy is sitting across from Mr. Brunner's desk. Grover stands in the background.
7) 2) dialog: I believe you, Percy. But Dean Campbell wants to suspend you. I argued for a compromise.
7) 4) dialog: For you? Yes. You've been to six different schools in eight years. You've got a D-minus average. You're on very thin ice.
7) 6) dialog: You really want to be expelled from another school?
7) 8) dialog: Maybe you don't. But your Mother does. (soft, solemn) Don't let her down again. The words sting. Percy looks out the window. Troubled, upset. Mr. Brunner feels Percy's torment. Mr. Brunner tak a THICK BOOK off his shelf.
7) 9) dialog: I want you to read this.
7) 11) dialog: Try. Mr. Brunner places the book in front of Percy. The writin on the cover is in GREEK. Percy refuses to look at it.
8) 0) text: Outside, THUNDER rumbles. We are inside a dark, ancient library with high vaulted ceilings and lead glass windows Rows and rows of towering bookshelves stand along the wal each with its own ladder-on-wheels. Percy sits at a long wooden table, in the middle of the r He is alone, save for the LIBRARIAN, a small elderly woma Percy is trying to read Mr. Brunner's book, staring at th GREEK LETTERS on the cover. He squints. The Greek letters MORPH INTO ENGLISH LETTERS. They read: GUIDE TO GREEK MYTHS AND LEGENDS." Percy is surprised, pu the book close and reads to himself.
8) 3) dialog: Percy! Mr. Brunner races into the room on his wheelchair, holdin simple BALL POINT PEN.
8) 4) dialog: Use this. Mr. Brunner THROWS the pen to Percy. Confused, Percy CATC the pen. Brunner SHOUTS.
8) 5) dialog: Click it!
8) 7) dialog: Click it! The pen is mightier than the sword. Percy CLICKS the pen. IT TRANSFORMS INTO A LARGE, SHARP M SWORD! Percy stares at the blade in DISBELIEF. The Minotaur TURNS BACK to Percy, who is on his feet, wielding the heavy sword. Percy LUNGES FORWARD and SWINGS. The tip of the sword SLI DEEP ACROSS the creature's arm. The Minotaur CRIES OUT. BLOOD seeps from its wound. This only makes the creature ANGRIER. The Minotaur CHARGES Per Percy SWINGS again, this time SLICING DEEP into the Minotaur's TORSO. The Minotaur HOWLS in pain, holding his bleeding CHEST WO With a final GROWL, the Minotaur TURNS and LEAPS OUT of t library window. Percy looks around the room, a gigantic mess of DESTROYED books, furniture and bookcases. Percy glances to the swor It CHANGES BACK into a common everyday ballpoint pen.
8) 9) dialog: We have to go. It's coming back for you.
8) 11) dialog: You temporarily scared it off. A Minotaur can only be killed by severing the horn from its body. Brunner EXITS, followed by a confused Percy.
23) 17) dialog: Here, I'm known as Chiron. Nice to see you up and around.