24) 0) text: Percy and Chiron enter Poseidon's home. Most of the inter is taken up by a large INDOOR POOL. The stairways are lin with cascading waterfalls. There are many statues of HORS And a wall filled with various ancient, rusted METAL TRIDENTS. Percy stares in AWE.
30) 13) dialog: Kids start chanting "POSEIDON! POSEIDON!" but it soon tur to "PERCY! PERCY! PERCY!" Luke can't believe what he just witnessed. Grover runs up and practically tackles Percy. Standing apart from the crowd, CHIRON watches. A small smile appears on his lips. Percy looks at Chiron, gives a small, confident nod. 37.
127) 0) text: The ROOM looks out over all of Olympus. Twelve GIGANTIC, ELEVATED THRONES, are arranged in an inverted U, around a SWIRLING, LIVING GLOBE. All of the Olympians are seated a present: Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Apollo, Artemis, Hestia, Hephaestus, Ares, Hermes, Demeter, Aphrodite, and Athena. In the first throne, is ZEUS. He resembles a strong, ROMA EMPEROR, a sculpted, grim face, his eyes rainy grey, with well trimmed beard. Next to him is POSEIDON. He resembles a handsome SURFER. His skin is deeply tanned, hands scarred like an old fisherman's. His hair is long, sun streaked. His striking blue eyes are identical to Percy's. A faded tattoo of a TRIDENT is on his muscular forearm. The Gods are in the middle of an intense, HEATED ARGUMENT Zeus and Poseidon are the most angry, looking as if they' about to get into a fist-fight. Athena tries to intervene
127) 18) dialog: You could make a trade... I hear that Percy killed many of Hades' pets... (turns to Percy) Did you keep any tokens? Percy digs the MINOTAUR HORN out of his backpack.
127) 27) dialog: Good to see you, Sally. You look beautiful.
127) 29) dialog: I can't thank you enough, Percy. Few heroes in history could have accomplished what you've done. I'm proud of you, son-- He EXTENDS his hand. Percy IGNORES it, COLDLY. There is a long silence, YEARS OF TENSION between them. Sally nods t Annabeth and Chiron, LOOKS BACK to Percy.
127) 31) dialog: I'm not asking you to like me...
127) 33) dialog: I know that. Percy continues to stare out at the LANDSCAPE OF OLYMPUS, back turned too Poseidon. Percy has so many questions... speaks softly, a DEEP SADNESS in his voice...
127) 35) dialog: Seven months.
127) 37) dialog: Every moment. You were a beautiful boy. Your Mother and I were in love. I could have stayed forever...
127) 39) dialog: I had other responsibilities.
127) 42) dialog: (pauses, difficult) I wanted to. I just... When I was with you... and your Mother...I became less concerned about my responsibilities... I was ignoring my natural destiny. (softly) I was becoming human. 116.
127) 44) dialog: For a God? For the future of the universe? Yes, Percy. That's bad.
127) 46) dialog: I was looking out for you every step of the way. When you needed me, I was there. Who do you think sent the horses in the desert? Who spoke to you, gave you clarity in Lotus Land?... (passionate) Just because you didn't see me, doesn't mean I wasn't there. When you sit in the bottom of the pool, trying to figure out your life, the voice in your head is me.
127) 48) dialog: (nods ) Passing out what advice I can. Most of which, you tend to ignore, by the way. A TINY SMILE appears on Percy's face. Percy softens, understands how complicated this must be for his Father.
127) 49) dialog: I know this isn't the father-son relationship you've always wanted, but it's the best I can do. (sincere) I hope someday you'll see that.