127) 0) text: The ROOM looks out over all of Olympus. Twelve GIGANTIC, ELEVATED THRONES, are arranged in an inverted U, around a SWIRLING, LIVING GLOBE. All of the Olympians are seated a present: Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Apollo, Artemis, Hestia, Hephaestus, Ares, Hermes, Demeter, Aphrodite, and Athena. In the first throne, is ZEUS. He resembles a strong, ROMA EMPEROR, a sculpted, grim face, his eyes rainy grey, with well trimmed beard. Next to him is POSEIDON. He resembles a handsome SURFER. His skin is deeply tanned, hands scarred like an old fisherman's. His hair is long, sun streaked. His striking blue eyes are identical to Percy's. A faded tattoo of a TRIDENT is on his muscular forearm. The Gods are in the middle of an intense, HEATED ARGUMENT Zeus and Poseidon are the most angry, looking as if they' about to get into a fist-fight. Athena tries to intervene
127) 3) dialog: Let the war begin--
127) 8) dialog: The Lightning Thief. I knew it. (extends his hand) Bring it to me. Percy walks forward, places the bolt up into Zeus' GIGANT PALM. When it is placed into Zeus' hand, the bolt GROWS B to its normal size.
127) 9) dialog: Congratulations. You've managed to save what's left of your Father's reputation. Percy turns, exchanges his FIRST LOOK with Poseidon. Perc eyes remain COLD, HARD. He TURNS back to Zeus.
127) 11) dialog: I believe you owe your personality to him. (pauses, curious) But if you didn't take the bolt... Why do you have it?
127) 14) dialog: Why should I believe you? 113.
127) 16) dialog: For the sake of peace in our family, there will be no war. (to Percy) You have done me a great service. If there's ever anything I can do for you, feel free to ask--
127) 20) dialog: (takes the horn) That will do. Hades loved that hideous beast. He can grow a new one with this. Yes... I think we'll be able to get your friend released. Annabeth steps forward, tentatively at first.
127) 25) dialog: Our meeting is adjourned. (glares at Poseidon) I still don't trust you. And with that, Zeus VANISHES in a blinding flash of lightning. Athena LOOKS at Annabeth.