10) 24) dialog: What's it look like? Craig exits. Smurf starts the BLENDER. Baz laughs. J smil
10) 26) dialog: What the fuck's going on!? Smurf switches off the juicer and pours juice into a glas
10) 27) dialog: Who said you could bring that noise thing in my house?
10) 29) dialog: Bullshit it's mine.
10) 33) dialog: Who said you could use it? Look at the fuckin mess your making. Craig unplugs the juicer, stuffs it under his arm and sto out. Smurf puts juice in front of Darren. The sound of th juicer SMASHING on cement outside can be heard. J flinche Darren smiles. Craig bursts back through the kitchen.
10) 35) dialog: What?
10) 37) dialog: I'm busy.
14) 8) dialog: Hey, what's your form like? You been in trouble with the police? Craig pulls up at a red-light.
14) 12) dialog: What for?
14) 14) dialog: Yeah? What happened?
14) 17) dialog: Go get him.
14) 19) dialog: Let him know who's king.
16) 0) text: J gets back in, numb, buzzing. Craig smiles.
16) 1) dialog: How'd that feel? You get a stiffy? J stares at the gun in his lap, then hands it back to Cra
16) 2) dialog: Butt first, mate. Craig slides the gun under the seat. J is dazed. Craig la into a coughing fit as he backs the car away. Craig stops and realises he's gotten himself half lost in chase. He hits the brakes and finishes coughing.
16) 3) dialog: Where are we?
17) 0) text: J stands in front of fish tanks. Lots of PET NOISE. Craig is a few metres away, before a wall of fish tanks, RANDALL ROACHE (40s) in a suit. Craig holds a brown paper Roache points to it.
17) 2) dialog: Is this the Anderis gear?
17) 4) dialog: I got pulled over last week by some guy named Stevens. Is he with you? (CONTINUED)
17) 7) dialog: Fixed like I don't have to worry about him anymore?
17) 9) dialog: He's heard they're out to get him. He's gone and fucked off somewhere. s in J's direction, letting Craig know he hasn't heard J stares into the cage. Craig clicks again.
17) 10) dialog: What’ve they got against him?
17) 12) dialog: You know this for sure? What's he supposed to do?
17) 14) dialog: His head's in. Your head doesn't get more in than Pope's head. Roache reaches down for the bag J has left by his feet.
18) 0) text: J watches the dinner table scene in a restaurant. Beside Cath, Darren and Baz. Craig and Smurf are at the other en the table, with J's girlfriend NICOLE 'NICKY' HENRY (17). and bottles are spread before them. Other diners can't ig the noise. Craig's crazy drunk, trying to convince Nicky him throw a prawn into her mouth.
18) 1) dialog: Come on. It's a test. Open wide. Nicky shakes her head, nervous but enjoying the attention
18) 2) dialog: (to J) Fuckin motivate your girlfriend. Get her involved.
18) 4) dialog: (to Nicky) I'll give you a hundred bucks.
18) 6) dialog: Yeah, they're watching. I'm fun and interesting. (to Nicky) Two hundred. Nicky smiles and tilts her head back, mouth open. Craig s
18) 7) dialog: That's the way! Craig lines up the shot. He throws and misses. The prawn off Nicky's face.
18) 8) dialog: Gimme another go. Nicky wipes her face and sticks her hand out.
18) 12) dialog: No way. You missed.
18) 15) dialog: She missed.
18) 17) dialog: Bullshit.
18) 19) dialog: That's bullshit. That's fuckin bullshit. (to Nicky) What's your name again?
18) 21) dialog: That's fuckin bullshit, Nicole. INT. MEN’S ROOM / VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT 23 J steps up to the urinal beside Baz. They piss.
19) 1) dialog: That's for today. J turns the cash over in his hands, looks at it.
19) 2) dialog: (to Baz) Roache says just pull your head in. (to J) Put it away. J slips the money in his pocket. Nicky watches him. A WAITRESS brings the bill. She leans over Craig's should
19) 4) dialog: I'm only doing it a little bit.
19) 12) dialog: Can you cut them in? Give ‘em a drink.
19) 14) dialog: Roache just says pull your heads in and everything'll go away. Baz is contemplative. The cashier appears at the table.
19) 16) dialog: Oh, for fuck's sake. Craig spins and knocks table condiments to the floor. The smash. Baz strips hundreds from his roll.
21) 0) text: 26 Craig mixes speed on the coffee table. J, Nicky, Cath and sit. Baz stands. J and Craig wear matching BASEBALL CAPS. plays.
21) 2) dialog: No time for sleep. Cath watches uncomfortably. Nicky watches Craig's fixing.
21) 3) dialog: You want some?
21) 6) dialog: (to J) Don't trample her freedom. (to Nicky) You want some?
21) 10) dialog: Fuckin, avert your eyes if you don’t like it. (to J) Go get drinks. Get Baz a really big one. Loosen the cunt up a bit. J heads to the kitchen.
22) 16) dialog: You better be cleaning that up!
23) 4) dialog: How would I know?
23) 21) dialog: Can you hear that? Everyone suddenly looks equally concerned.
23) 23) dialog: Shhh. Fuck. Listen. Craig heads to the back door. As he passes Pope, he stick index finger out.
23) 24) dialog: Pull my finger. Pope grabs Craig's arm and wrenches him to the floor. The wrestle dangerously, Craig laughing. Pope pins him. Craig flail, knocking chairs over. Baz drinks, smiling.
23) 25) dialog: (laughing) Pull my finger! Craig struggles.
23) 27) dialog: Ow! Get off. J watches crouched on the ground, mopping up beer.
23) 28) dialog: Ah! Mum, tell him to get off me!
23) 33) dialog: Get off me.
23) 35) dialog: I'm limp.
23) 37) dialog: I'm limp! J watches the men wrestle.
33) 0) text: Craig bursts into the room. J follows. Smurf is there, on phone.
33) 1) dialog: Have you spoken to Cath?
33) 4) dialog: Those fuckin dogs!
33) 6) dialog: Those fuckin dogs! Craig moans strange and guttural. Smurf goes to him. He p her away and exits. Smurf follows him. J is scared. 41 42 43 Animal Kingdom - GREEN REVISIONS 29.
34) 0) text: From the interior, J watches Craig pace hysterically. He contain his rage. Smurf approaches. She holds him from behind. Craig is now hard. He tries to break free, but she won’t let go. He st breathing heavy, then breaks down. He lets himself be com by his mother. He looks up at the house.
35) 0) text: J stands, staring out the window at Smurf and Craig. Pope enters. He is strangely silent and still. He stands at th and pours himself a glass of water. Moments pass. J is de unsettled. Pope seems to not even know he is there.
39) 0) text: J and Darren load flowers into the back of the car. Darre loading to brush pollen off his bone-coloured suit. Smurf Craig appear from the house. Craig is in black suit and sunglasses. Smurf carries a platter of sandwiches. OVER: a male VOICE sings 'The Psalm of David' ('The Lord Shepherd') in Hebrew. It's haunting and beautiful.
41) 0) text: Sound of singing inside. Pope stands outside, near a hear two funeral directors, staring out over the street, dark contemplative. A few Armed Robbery Squad detectives lean a car in the street, smiling. Craig appears beside Pope, lights a cigarette, silent.
42) 0) text: Craig, Pope and Darren sit watching cricket. Craig is res jiggling his leg, watching intently beside a big bearded MICK, a fellow mourner also wearing a suit, sunglasses pe on his head.
42) 5) dialog: Fuck, mate. Am I a tobacconist? Go the shops. The shop's down the road.
44) 2) dialog: There’s five overs left in this innings. Smurf appears in the doorway.
44) 4) dialog: (yells to the kitchen) Come and watch the cricket, Cath. Take your mind off things.
45) 0) text: Catherine is at the table. Craig steps quickly to her.
45) 1) dialog: You take it easy, Cath. I'm sorry about your loss. Craig hugs her and exits. The other men stand in line to her. J stands with Smurf in the doorway. Smurf nudges J t Cath. He does so. It's awkward. Pope moves to Cath. Smurf and J exit. Pope holds Cath and into her ear.
46) 0) text: Mick is at the stereo, going through CDs. Craig watches t J's in an armchair, Darren on the couch. Pope's restless.
46) 2) dialog: Sit down and watch the fuckin cricket Mick. Mick takes a CD from its case and opens the stereo's CD t
46) 3) dialog: Get away from the fuckin stereo. You're driving me nuts. What did I say? Sit down. Today's not the day. Mick closes the CD tray and looks at more CDs. Darren get and goes to the kitchen. Pope leans menacingly into J's e
47) 22) dialog: That guy's driving me fuckin nuts. Tension hangs between Pope and Darren. At that moment, MU starts up loud in the lounge. Pope gently pulls Darren by the arm to the lounge.
48) 3) dialog: Fuck. The carpet. Pope exits down the hall. Craig scurries for the back doo Darren is left stunned with death and music. INT. J’S BEDROOM / CODY HOUSE - NIGHT 56 J stands in his room, startled, listening. He opens his d (CONTINUED)
49) 0) text: Bent face first against the shelves, Mick lies dead. Darr stands on the other side of the room, in shock. J steps anxiously into the room. Darren looks over to him, blankl The back fly-wire door opens. Craig enters dragging a she thick black plastic behind him. The dog charges past Craig from the back door and goes st to the body, sniffing and licking.
49) 1) dialog: Daisy! Get out of it! Get him off the carpet, Darren.
49) 3) dialog: Hey, get back here. Darren exits without responding. The dog keeps licking.
49) 4) dialog: Daisy! Get out of it! Craig grabs the dog by its collar, dragging it to the doo left alone with the body. It makes a GURGLING MOAN. Craig reappears. J can hardly breathe.
49) 6) dialog: Hey?
49) 10) dialog: Grab the other end. Lay it down flat. Get him off the carpet. J does so. Craig grabs the body, pulling it backwards. It back awkwardly, face up, bloody and battered.
49) 11) dialog: Lift the corners up. Like this. J grabs the corners of the sheet, keeping blood pooled in Craig rolls the body onto it and takes the corners.
49) 12) dialog: Let's get him outside. You ready? One, two, three. They drag. Mick is huge and heavy. J slips and falls forw
49) 13) dialog: Fuck. He's huge. We're never gonna get him in the car. Craig thinks, blinking a lot.
50) 0) text: Craig lines the bathroom walls with black plastic. J stan beside him with a roll of masking tape, tearing strips of Craig to use to hold the plastic up. J is freaked.
51) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ. Craig appears in the doorway, covered head to toe in bloo
51) 2) dialog: This is gonna take longer than I thought. Can you pass me that beer? J hands him a beer. Craig sits on the edge of the bath, l at off-screen horror, just behind the bathroom door.
51) 3) dialog: Go and put your shoes on. We're going bush when I'm done here. 60 62 64 66 Animal Kingdom - GREEN REVISIONS 42.
52) 0) text: Craig and J heave heavy garbage bags into the back of Cra station wagon. Craig climbs up and drags them in.
54) 0) text: J walks a quiet suburban street, sizing up parked cars, b cap pulled tight over his face. He sees a white Commodore to the driver’s door. He slides a metal strip from his sleeve and jams it in th popping it open. He gets behind the wheel, pulls the casi under the steering column and starts the car. INT. DARREN’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 66 J knocks on the door. Pope lets him in. Craig paces in th kitchen. Darren is on the couch. He packs and smokes a bo seems anxious. (CONTINUED)
64) 12) dialog: What the fuck? What were they doing there so quick? It’s like they fuckin know something.
64) 14) dialog: Fuck.
64) 17) dialog: I’m not going in there. Are you fuckin nuts?
64) 19) dialog: I fuckin do. I’m not going in there.
64) 22) dialog: I should just carry about my daily business like normal. Don't you think? Pope looks at Darren. (CONTINUED)
64) 26) dialog: Where's J? Is he still in there?
64) 28) dialog: What's he saying?
64) 30) dialog: If he’s not talking, what are they still talking about?
67) 0) text: Craig fills his tank at a country freeway service station car pulls into a parking bay outside the store. Two cops of the car. One takes a good look at Craig as they walk i the store. Craig looks straight ahead at the pump display ticking over. He turns to see the cops standing at the magazine stand. bowser clicks off. He replaces his petrol cap. He opens the car door. On the floor of the passenger side pump-action shotgun. Craig grabs his wallet and pulls a t over the shotgun.
68) 0) text: Craig enters the store. The cops are at the magazine stan look up. One looks straight back at his magazine, the oth gaze lingers. Craig walks past them to the counter.
68) 1) dialog: Just the petrol. The attendant checks the pump display. Craig fidgets. The curious cop watches him.
69) 0) text: Craig makes the walk back to his car. Behind we can see t cops watching him through the store window. INT. NICKY’S BEDROOM / HENRY-EMERY HOUSE - DAY 88 J’s eyes open. There is a KNOCK at the bedroom door. The daylit. For a second he doesn’t know where he is. (CONTINUED)
73) 0) text: A loud BLAST rings out. Craig laughs, holding a shotgun. speeding and hasn’t slept. He has just blasted a chunk ou old tree beside an isolated bush house.
73) 1) dialog: Fuckin monster! He aims and fires again, tearing a hole in the tree's tru
73) 2) dialog: Can we go hunting this arvo? RICHARD COLLIS (30s) stands nearby, nervous, his arms fol over his dressing gown. He's wearing gum boots.
73) 4) dialog: It’s fucked. Look at it. It’s written off. (offers Richard the gun) Give it a whirl.
74) 0) text: Richard sits at the table, poking his breakfast. His wife DACINTA stands behind, watching. They are wary of Craig a table, tuning his radio scanner, scatter-brained.
74) 2) dialog: We split up. Ages ago. (CONTINUED)
74) 6) dialog: Yeah, it was mutual though, so it's for the best and everything. (re: the scanner) Stupid fuckin... Maybe I'm too far out to get signals, d'ya think?
74) 9) dialog: I’1l fight through, mate. I’1l fight through. Dacinta exits, making stern eye contact with Richard.
74) 11) dialog: I don't know what's going on, mate. He works at the aerial while the scanner emits STATIC. Ri dogs are outside, BARKING. Craig stops fiddling and liste only can he hear the dogs barking out in the yard, but he hear them through the scanner as well.
74) 12) dialog: You hear that?
74) 14) dialog: I can hear your dogs. Craig jumps up and heads outside. Through the windows, Ri can see him walking close around the outside of the house examining the walls and windows. (CONTINUED)
74) 21) dialog: You cunt motherfuckers! After a loud CRUNCH, the scanner returns to steady STATIC Craig bursts back in, near hysterical, dangling wires.
74) 22) dialog: What the fuck is this, Rich?
74) 24) dialog: It's a bug. There's a bug on your fuckin house.
74) 26) dialog: Bull-fuckin-shit, Rich! How could there be a bug on your house within like, 24 hours of me telling you I was coming?
74) 28) dialog: Fuck! Craig grabs his shotgun and paces.
74) 29) dialog: Fuck! (CONTINUED)
74) 32) dialog: What I am supposed to do now?
74) 35) dialog: Maybe I should get outta here. Craig picks his bag off the ground. He sweeps his scanner it and looks around the room.
74) 36) dialog: What else did I bring?
75) 0) text: The screen door swings open, smacking against the front o house. Craig stumbles down off the porch and opens the ba of his car, throwing his bag inside. He scrambles around backseat for shotgun shells. He begins loading them into shotgun, fumbling, dropping them. His ears prick. He sees a convoy of unmarked police cars approaching fast down the long, dirt drive. He crouches against the car and loads more shells. He loo the house in panic. Richard's at the window, looking back Craig stands and runs into the bush behind the house. The cars come to a stop at the house. Detectives with sho climb out and chase Craig into the bush. Craig breathes heavy, sprinting through the undergrowth. trips, smashing his knees into a log. He squeals in pain gets to his feet. He tries to run but can't, hobbled. He turns, raises his gun. Detectives are close behind. Th and fire. Craig is hammered by a blast and knocked down. SILENCE but for SINGING BIRDS and the ECHO OF GUNSHOTS. Detectives, guns by their sides, approach Craig’s bloody face down in the dirt. 95 Animal Kingdom - GREEN REVISIONS 67.