10) 2) dialog: Twenty minutes work. No shots fired.
10) 14) dialog: Seriously. Stop calling me uncle. It's giving me the creeps. Baz sticks his hand out. J shakes it.
10) 25) dialog: What the fuck, mum? Craig bursts back into the room.
18) 0) text: J watches the dinner table scene in a restaurant. Beside Cath, Darren and Baz. Craig and Smurf are at the other en the table, with J's girlfriend NICOLE 'NICKY' HENRY (17). and bottles are spread before them. Other diners can't ig the noise. Craig's crazy drunk, trying to convince Nicky him throw a prawn into her mouth.
19) 6) dialog: What's this about? (CONTINUED)
19) 10) dialog: He lived.
20) 0) text: Baz, Cath, Darren and Smurf on their way down the street. talks on his phone, his arm around Smurf. J piggybacks Ni
20) 1) dialog: (yells) Mum, I'm going home. Smurf turns and stops. (CONTINUED)
20) 5) dialog: I'm OK, mum.
20) 7) dialog: Shit. Smurf kisses Darren's lips. Darren shakes Baz's hand, the away. Craig lags behind, on his phone. He BURPS loud.
39) 0) text: J and Darren load flowers into the back of the car. Darre loading to brush pollen off his bone-coloured suit. Smurf Craig appear from the house. Craig is in black suit and sunglasses. Smurf carries a platter of sandwiches. OVER: a male VOICE sings 'The Psalm of David' ('The Lord Shepherd') in Hebrew. It's haunting and beautiful.
42) 0) text: Craig, Pope and Darren sit watching cricket. Craig is res jiggling his leg, watching intently beside a big bearded MICK, a fellow mourner also wearing a suit, sunglasses pe on his head.
46) 0) text: Mick is at the stereo, going through CDs. Craig watches t J's in an armchair, Darren on the couch. Pope's restless.
47) 0) text: Darren is at the sink fixing himself a drink. Pope enters stands behind him, looming. Darren knows he's there.
47) 2) dialog: It's my suit.
47) 4) dialog: What?
47) 6) dialog: Get fucked. (CONTINUED)
47) 9) dialog: Yeah.
47) 11) dialog: Rum and coke.
47) 13) dialog: Just fuck off, will ya? Pope watches the back of Darren's head. Darren doesn't re He takes a Darren sto long time with his drink.
47) 15) dialog: We’ve gotta be there for his family, for Cath and that.
47) 17) dialog: I dunno. He’s dead. It’s wrong and that but, you know... ps fixing his drink. He stares into the sink.
49) 0) text: Bent face first against the shelves, Mick lies dead. Darr stands on the other side of the room, in shock. J steps anxiously into the room. Darren looks over to him, blankl The back fly-wire door opens. Craig enters dragging a she thick black plastic behind him. The dog charges past Craig from the back door and goes st to the body, sniffing and licking.
49) 2) dialog: This suit's not mine. It's already dirty. I already got pollen on it Darren heads for the door, strangely catatonic.
54) 0) text: J walks a quiet suburban street, sizing up parked cars, b cap pulled tight over his face. He sees a white Commodore to the driver’s door. He slides a metal strip from his sleeve and jams it in th popping it open. He gets behind the wheel, pulls the casi under the steering column and starts the car. INT. DARREN’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 66 J knocks on the door. Pope lets him in. Craig paces in th kitchen. Darren is on the couch. He packs and smokes a bo seems anxious. (CONTINUED)
54) 51) dialog: Go to sleep. J watches him scrub. Darren's in another world.
60) 0) text: Pope and J are led single-file along a hall, heavily guar detectives. Cops loiter, watch the procession with hate. J and Pope are led to a waiting area. Darren is already t cuffed and distressed.
64) 0) text: Smurf, Pope and Darren sit in a booth in an empty diner, up for the evening.
64) 8) dialog: Craig’s here. Darren stands and exits. Smurf watches Pope. He seems mee licks her thumb, wipes a smudge of food from his lips. (CONTINUED)
64) 15) dialog: If they had anything we’d still be in there.
64) 27) dialog: Dunno.
64) 29) dialog: I don't know. Calm down.
64) 32) dialog: I don't fuckin know. Why are you asking me like I'd know?
70) 0) text: Darren waits in the front foyer, making small talk with A J enters, holding his shoes.
70) 2) dialog: We gotta go. Nicky enters, still half asleep. Darren eyebrows hello.
70) 6) dialog: (shakes Alicia's hand) Good to meet you. Darren and J head out the door. Nicky stands in the doorw watching them go, rag-doll sleepy. Alicia is apprehensive
71) 0) text: Darren and J walk to the car. J carries shoes. He can see in the passenger seat. J climbs in the backseat. Pope doe even acknowledge J's presence.
71) 2) dialog: See our lawyer. Darren starts the car. As it pulls away, J notices Pope l at the house, Gus' car in the driveway.
72) 0) text: In the kitchen/sun room of an inner-city terrace house. E WHITE (36), is making plunger coffee. J, Pope, Darren and sit nearby at the kitchen table.
72) 3) dialog: What were you doing in there so long?
84) 4) dialog: What are you talking about?
84) 6) dialog: What are you talking about? No you fuckin didn't. You never mentioned the car to me once.
84) 8) dialog: He knows how to handle himself. (CONTINUED)
84) 12) dialog: What are we supposed to do?
85) 1) dialog: In his room, with his girlfriend.
85) 3) dialog: How should I know?
85) 5) dialog: Why's he my responsibility now? J scampers quietly down the hall to his room. INT. J’S BEDROOM / CODY HOUSE - EVENING 105 J enters and pushes the door shut. Nicky's on the bed, ta to a friend on her phone. J sits on the bed and watches h
85) 7) dialog: Hey. 106 Animal Kingdom - GREEN REVISIONS 76.
86) 0) text: J and Darren in the hall, speaking furtively.
86) 2) dialog: The cops are serious about this thing and they’re onto you like a rash and if you stick close by, everyone’1l keep calm. You know?
86) 4) dialog: How should I know? Fuck. Go sit in your room and do some colouring in. The bedroom door opens. Nicky holds her phone out for J.
86) 11) dialog: Maybe you don’t wanna hear this, I dunno, but I'd think pretty hard about giving her the sack. I don’t know what you have or haven’t told her...
86) 15) dialog: Life’1ll be easier if she’s cut loose. Believe me. Especially for you. I mean, get her outta here. She shouldn't be hanging round here right now.
86) 17) dialog: Mate, everything's got to do with everyone... You know? rst time, J can see that Darren is scared.
86) 18) dialog: You understand it?
91) 0) text: Darren is smoking a bong. He's surprised and discomfited Nicky’s arrival. She’s drunk, ineptly flirtatious.
91) 13) dialog: I don't know where J is. I dunno if he's coming back anytime soon. 82. Pope enters with drinks and a syringe. He hands a drink t
91) 18) dialog: She just wants to go home.
91) 29) dialog: What are you doing this for, Pope?
91) 31) dialog: Pope. Her eyes close. He watches her, then holds his hand over nose and mouth. She struggles weakly. An uncomfortably lo passes before she goes limp. He takes his hand away, watc her. He strokes her hair and stands.
91) 32) dialog: What the fuck?
106) 0) text: Darren stands with Smurf holding his car keys. Pope enter through the back door, catching his breath, still on fire
106) 2) dialog: Why -
106) 7) dialog: You went there. We went there the other day.
107) 2) dialog: You gotta get out of there. Pope just left here in a bad way. I think he’s heading over there.
107) 4) dialog: I dunno. Just get out of there.
109) 0) text: The car is in the garage, dark. J gets in the passenger s waiting anxious, as Gus gets Andy into the back seat Gus gets behind the wheel. He starts the engine and press garage door controller in the glove box. The door rises s Sunlight streams in. Gus backs the car out. I/E. GUS’S CAR - DAY 130 J looks down the street. It’s empty. Gus puts the car in and moves off. J cranes around to look out the back windo the street. Then - CRACK. The car is clipped hard from the front. It spins w then comes to a rest. Through the window, J can see Pope the wheel of Darren's car, undoing his seat belt. Pope's jammed between Gus's car and another parked in the street can't open any doors - he's trapped inside. J clambers into the backseat, past Gus who is dazed, bloo trickling down his forehead. J stumbles out the backdoor into the street. He looks bac locks eyes with Gus, who looks back at him, vacant. And t everything slows. J notices moments - a neighbour in a dr gown. J runs. MUSIC CUE...
115) 0) text: Pope and Darren are cuffed on the floor, neither talking. is anguished, Pope stony-faced.
123) 0) text: Pope sits behind grubby Perspex. Darren is just behind hi quiet. Smurf is on the other side of the glass.
148) 3) dialog: We’re over the moon! We’re very over the moon! Fantastic! Smurf kisses Darren's head. Darren is crying tears of joy
148) 5) dialog: We were innocent. We said that all along. That’s what the jury's said.
148) 8) dialog: Hooray! (CONTINUED)
148) 16) dialog: Fantastic!
156) 0) text: J walks the side of the house, bag on his shoulder, apprehensive. He hears MUSIC and LAUGHTER. He rounds the to see Darren on a banana lounge drinking, another man al drinking, and Pope at the BBQ flipping sausages. Darren stops mid-laugh, his unwitting friend carries on a longer. Pope casually continues to flip sausages.
158) 0) text: J leads Smurf across the room to the window, his arm arou Darren is outside, looking back at him, disoriented. J seems relaxed, composed. Darren is barefoot, holding a bottle and a long sausage in a slice of bread. J tosses the gun on the couch and kisses Smurf's head.