13) 4) dialog: Thanks, mate. You keep them. I don't have a vase.
13) 6) dialog: We're just sitting here having a think.
13) 8) dialog: Yeah, maybe in a bit.
13) 10) dialog: Who's not here.
13) 12) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about. They stare at each other a moment.
13) 13) dialog: You better get those flowers in water mate. They won't last in this heat. Beat, then Baz turns and heads back to the house. 17 18 Animal Kingdom - GREEN REVISIONS 10.
29) 0) text: Baz crosses the street and pulls keys from his pocket. He in his car and starts the engine. He pulls on his seatbel looks in the rearview mirror. He sees two plainclothes cops, including the AR detective outside his house, approaching the car with shotguns. He to look through the back window. He sees another two dete with shotguns. Apprehensive, he winds his window down as approach. He acts casual.
29) 4) dialog: (smiles) That's alright. I like you better. (yells) He's got a gun! The AR detective raises his shotgun and BLASTS Baz. Blood splatters the car interior.
30) 0) text: Hearing the BLAST, Pope spins to see detectives surroundi Baz's car. He takes steps over, shocked and helpless.
31) 0) text: Baz's bloodied body is slumped in the car. Shielded by ot officers, a detective pulls a handgun from the front of h pants and throws it at Baz's feet.
41) 0) text: Sound of singing inside. Pope stands outside, near a hear two funeral directors, staring out over the street, dark contemplative. A few Armed Robbery Squad detectives lean a car in the street, smiling. Craig appears beside Pope, lights a cigarette, silent.
60) 0) text: Pope and J are led single-file along a hall, heavily guar detectives. Cops loiter, watch the procession with hate. J and Pope are led to a waiting area. Darren is already t cuffed and distressed.
61) 0) text: J sits in a small interview room, waiting, alone. DETECTIVE SENIOR SERGEANT NATHAN LECKIE (39) enters with DETECTIVE JUSTIN NORRIS (32) and social worker JOHN HARRO
75) 0) text: The screen door swings open, smacking against the front o house. Craig stumbles down off the porch and opens the ba of his car, throwing his bag inside. He scrambles around backseat for shotgun shells. He begins loading them into shotgun, fumbling, dropping them. His ears prick. He sees a convoy of unmarked police cars approaching fast down the long, dirt drive. He crouches against the car and loads more shells. He loo the house in panic. Richard's at the window, looking back Craig stands and runs into the bush behind the house. The cars come to a stop at the house. Detectives with sho climb out and chase Craig into the bush. Craig breathes heavy, sprinting through the undergrowth. trips, smashing his knees into a log. He squeals in pain gets to his feet. He tries to run but can't, hobbled. He turns, raises his gun. Detectives are close behind. Th and fire. Craig is hammered by a blast and knocked down. SILENCE but for SINGING BIRDS and the ECHO OF GUNSHOTS. Detectives, guns by their sides, approach Craig’s bloody face down in the dirt. 95 Animal Kingdom - GREEN REVISIONS 67.
125) 0) text: The car drives. Leckie is in back, with another detective sits between them, bent over in ‘crash position'.