73) 3) dialog: Maybe. I got some things I gotta do today. Can you not blow my tree up?
73) 5) dialog: It just needs a good rain. My brekkie's going cold. You wanna come inside? Craig takes aim and fires, tearing into the tree again.
74) 0) text: Richard sits at the table, poking his breakfast. His wife DACINTA stands behind, watching. They are wary of Craig a table, tuning his radio scanner, scatter-brained.
74) 1) dialog: How long were you wanting to stay? Where's Kelly?
74) 5) dialog: Shit, mate.
74) 7) dialog: Is everything OK, mate? Craig doesn't respond. He keeps fiddling.
74) 8) dialog: What’s with the scanner?
74) 10) dialog: I think it's fair enough to say, if you're gonna stay here for a while, you know, it's only fair that you tell us what's this all about... Is that fair?
74) 13) dialog: Hear what?
74) 18) dialog: I don't know.
74) 20) dialog: I can't tell him anything. Then, through the scanner, they hear Craig’s VOICE.
74) 23) dialog: What is it? I don't know!
74) 25) dialog: I don't know about it.
74) 27) dialog: Maybe they were tapping your phone or something. I don't know how it got there. I'm not lying.
74) 33) dialog: I don't know, mate. Maybe you should think about leaving.
75) 0) text: The screen door swings open, smacking against the front o house. Craig stumbles down off the porch and opens the ba of his car, throwing his bag inside. He scrambles around backseat for shotgun shells. He begins loading them into shotgun, fumbling, dropping them. His ears prick. He sees a convoy of unmarked police cars approaching fast down the long, dirt drive. He crouches against the car and loads more shells. He loo the house in panic. Richard's at the window, looking back Craig stands and runs into the bush behind the house. The cars come to a stop at the house. Detectives with sho climb out and chase Craig into the bush. Craig breathes heavy, sprinting through the undergrowth. trips, smashing his knees into a log. He squeals in pain gets to his feet. He tries to run but can't, hobbled. He turns, raises his gun. Detectives are close behind. Th and fire. Craig is hammered by a blast and knocked down. SILENCE but for SINGING BIRDS and the ECHO OF GUNSHOTS. Detectives, guns by their sides, approach Craig’s bloody face down in the dirt. 95 Animal Kingdom - GREEN REVISIONS 67.