68) 20) text: Alexei speaks.
68) 25) text: Alexei turns off the light again. Nadia blows out her can They are plunged back into darkness. John turns the light again. Yuri is already sitting down.
68) 64) text: Yuri laughs, translates for Alexei and they both get a bi laugh out of this. Yuri gets his passport out and makes a big show of presenting it to John. But John keeps glancin at the marks on Nadia's wrists. We see a close up of her  neck. There is the tiniest blood mark. John sees it and s to sweat.
70) 4) text: John watches Nadia looking at the table. She glances up o and catches his eye. Alexei suddenly slams his hand down on the table. He rais his palm. There is an ant squashed there. He shows Yuri.
70) 5) dialog: Nasyekski.
71) 0) text: The small party has moved outside to the patio, where the sit around a low wooden table in the mellow candlelight. huge late Summer moon hangs over the fields. Alexei tinkl beautifully on his guitar. He stops asks a question in Russian.
71) 23) text: Yuri offers John the glass. He looks at Nadia, takes it a swigs it down in one. He looks across at Nadia, wiping hi mouth, his eyes watering. She looks back at him. Alexei begins softly singing a song. As he sings:
71) 25) text: They listen to the beautiful, sad voice. For the second v Yuri joins in, a slow stirring lament. For the end Nadia  joins in too and the three of them begin harmonising  beautifully. John watches in the candlelight. John, Nadia and Alexei pose with the cake. Nadia puts her arm round John and Alexei. With a FLASH! Yuri takes a  Polaroid. The guitar theme returns as we see the Polaroid on the ta in close up, developing speeded up. John comes into focus beaming.
72) 0) text: We track across the sleeping faces of Yuri and Alexei tuc into their sleeping bags with guitar cases for pillows. J switches the light off and closes the door.
77) 4) text: John steps out of his hiding place and approaches the gro Alexei has Nadia falling about laughing about something. smiles at her then nods to John. Pieces of cooked rabbit lie in tin foil. Alexei feeds a p to Nadia with a big hunting knife. Nadia smiles at John, starts knitting.
77) 8) text: Nadia stops knitting and takes her shirt off and stretche back to sunbathe in her black bra. Alexei takes the knife has just finished cleaning and holds the cold wide blade  flat above Nadia's bare stomach. Just before pressing it  down he looks across at John. Nadia yelps and sits up. Th laugh, and Yuri joins in. John laughs uneasily. Alexei notices marks on Nadia's midriff. He asks her abou them in Russian. John goes white, unable to understand Nadia's explanation He has no idea what she told him.
78) 0) text: At sunset, the four run towards a lake in their underwear They jump and dive in, and begin splashing each other. John duck-dives under the water and swims through the sun streaked green water. We see him under the water, swimmin towards us, caught by the sun's rays. John surfaces, and wipes the water from his eyes. He spot Alexei and Nadia playing in the water. Alexei grabs her a throws her in the air and she comes down with a splash. John treads water nearby. He watches them both hold their noses and disappear under the surface. They've both vanished. John ducks under the water. John's underwater P.O.V.: It's too murky to see anything. The two surface, breathing hard, laughing. John watches t Alexei holds Nadia tight and looks like he might even kis her. But instead he ducks her and holds her under the wat John treads water nearby. She's been under a long time.
78) 2) text: John begins to swim toward Alexei. Just as he gets near,  Alexei lets Nadia surface, coughing and spluttering -- sh shouts at Alexei in Russian, angry. Alexei makes for her again but she pushes him away, twice almost slapping him. She is very uncomfortable. She swims away. Yuri admonishes his friend in Russian. Alexei stares at J then swims off powerfully back towards the shore.
80) 5) text: Alexei stares at John as he backs out of the room.
84) 2) text: Suddenly Alexei steps between them in the doorway. As he  moves out of view, we see he is holding his hunting knife John hears Nadia cry out, from inside the kitchen. He dro his mail and rushes forward.
85) 0) text: Nadia is tied to a chair. Alexei pulls a gag tight around her mouth and holds the knife to her throat.
85) 2) text: Alexei shouts at Yuri in Russian.
85) 4) text: Alexei shouts again. Nadia is frozen with terror.
85) 6) text: Alexei addresses John.
85) 8) text: Alexei and Yuri shout at each other. Nadia begins crying.
85) 12) text: The kettle boils. Alexei takes the kettle and holds it ov Nadia's head. John springs up.
85) 16) text: Yuri translates -- Alexei replies.
85) 19) text: Alexei speaks.
85) 25) text: Yuri translates this for Alexei. Alexei has a reply.
85) 36) text: Alexei doesn't need the translation he tilts the kettle, a small amount of boiling water trickles onto Nadia's hai She screams through the gag. John tries to reach across to her but Alexei draws the kn and holds it to his face.
86) 0) text: John drives grim-faced through the morning rain. Yuri is  next to him staring ahead at the road. Alexei is in the b with Nadia who is still bound and gagged. He's holding hi knife to her ribs.
103) 1) text: Alexei opens one of the cases and looks inside. He takes deep breath and swears in Russian. He shows what is in the case to Nadia. Her eyes widen. Alexei gently lowers the gag and kisses her on the mouth. She returns the kiss hungrily. John spots them in the mirror and nearly crashes the car. He looks desperately across at Yuri. Yuri is now pointing the big knife at John's ribs. The Russian shrugs almost  apologetically. In the back seat Nadia has freed herself and is beginning pull at Alexei's clothes. They begin making out passionat John's eyes slowly lose focus. He turns grey, then white. drives and we watch the life seep out of him.
105) 0) text: A crusty motel chalet. Yuri and Alexei are sitting on a d bed counting the money. The T.V. is on in the corner with the sound turned down and there are empty miniatures from the mini-bar scattered around. Nadia appears from the kitchenette area. They all seem mo relaxed, more themselves, as if what we've seen before wa an act. For the first time in the film their conversation appears as English subtitles.
105) 2) text: Alexei says "SSShhh" He is counting in his head. He stops
105) 3) dialog: (to Yuri) You first.
105) 6) dialog: There's over eighty thousand here.
105) 10) dialog: Put it in the cases. Split it up.  And don't forget you owe me ВЈ150.
105) 12) dialog: You know what for.
105) 14) dialog: I got you those trousers from Paul  Smith.
105) 16) dialog: Such as?
105) 19) dialog: Those aren't presents. That's normal  friendship stuff
105) 23) dialog: Yeah it was okay.
105) 25) dialog: The sets were good.
105) 27) text: Yuri goes into the bathroom, leaving Nadia and Alexei alo on the bed. Alexei runs his hand across Nadia's cheek.
105) 28) dialog: (softly) So. How many times did you have to  fuck him?
106) 4) text: From his back pocket, Yuri takes out an old envelope. He  opens it and removes a dozen or so Polaroids. John looks down at the first Polaroid. Nadia, Alexei and man John doesn't recognise at a birthday party. There is cake with candles and everyone is smiling. The next pictu is the same. And the next. Sometimes Germany, sometimes France, but otherwise the  pictures are the same, each 'fiancee' beaming with his ar round Nadia, Alexei looking on. John studies the faces of his fellow dupes and at last co to his own picture. Despite himself tears come to his eye
107) 0) text: Alexei smokes on the bed. Nadia is lying the other way. S holds her hand out for his cigarette and he passes it. Th have the relaxed air of longtime lovers. Subtitles again.
107) 2) dialog: What do you mean?
107) 4) dialog: Do you want to stop?
107) 6) dialog: We'll stop then.
107) 8) dialog: What's this?
107) 10) dialog: That's not a burn.
107) 13) dialog: On both wrists?
107) 16) text: Alexei studies her face. She pulls a face. He keeps stari
107) 18) text: They sit there in silence. Alexei is so big, and she is s small.
107) 20) text: Nadia leans over the bed, and searches in her bag. Alexei watches her closely. She comes back up with the jumper sh has knitted.
107) 26) dialog: Yeah.
107) 29) dialog: Thank you.
107) 32) text: Alexei seems not to relax. He keeps his hand there.
107) 33) dialog: What?
107) 35) text: Alexei removes his hand. Now he seems shocked. He lights cigarette.
107) 38) dialog: A baby? What are we supposed to do  with a baby?
107) 40) text: She comes to him and holds him. He is still absorbing the news. We see Alexei's face over her shoulder, behind her back,  unreadable. Behind his back she rubs her wrists.
146) 0) text: Alexei stands smoking in the middle of the room. Nadia is sitting in a chair crying. Alexei kneels again and appeals to her. Nadia is resistin and yells back, but something Alexei says seems to melt h resolve. He holds her face, and kisses it. She turns her face. He  tries again, and this time she accepts the kiss. Slowly s kisses him back.
148) 0) text: In the room, Yuri pops his head round the door and says  something to Alexei. Alexei says he's coming. He kisses Nadia again and leaves Nadia is alone. She looks very sad and confused. She move towards the window and stares out into the blackness.
151) 0) text: John watches Nadia walk over to the dresser and search th drawers. She goes over to the bed and looks under the pil There she finds what she is looking for. Alexei's hunting knife. She hears Alexei coming and stands hard against the windo the huge knife behind her back.
153) 0) text: Nadia still stands by the window, one hand behind her bac Alexei sits on the bed. The scene is subtitled.
153) 1) dialog: I love you. I don't need to tell you  that.
153) 3) dialog: I wouldn't leave my child would I?  You know that. I was confused. That's  all.
154) 0) text: John opens the bathroom door a crack. He is at the opposi end of a corridor from the bedroom. He can hear Alexei's  voice. Breathing hard, he tiptoes out and stands in the corridor his back pressed hard against the wall. He takes one step down the hall. The floor creaks loudly.
155) 1) dialog: It wasn't easy for me. You know what  I'm like. I needed to know what I  wanted. Now I know. It's simple. I'm  happy.
157) 1) dialog: You still love me? Eh? Of course you  do. Come here. Yuri won't be here  for a while. Come on babe.
157) 2) text: He takes his shirt off -- Nadia glances up -- With horror she sees John in the doorway. Alexei turns to see John stand by the door, holding a lit silver gun.
157) 5) dialog: What the fuck is he doing here?
157) 7) dialog: That's that cigarette lighter I gave  you isn't it?
157) 8) text: Alexei stands. John takes a step back. Alexei walks calml towards John and throws a punch. It catches John right on the chin and he hits the wall and goes down very fast.
157) 10) text: Alexei turns round to see Nadia holding the knife. He is  dumbstruck.
157) 11) dialog: What? What are you doing?
157) 13) text: Alexei kicks John in the ribs.
157) 16) dialog: What. You're what? You're with this  creep now.
157) 18) dialog: You have. You've actually fallen for  this prick.
157) 20) text: Alexei looks dumbstruck. He laughs emptily
157) 21) dialog: Babe it's me. I won't let you get  away.
157) 24) text: In the impasse, John picks up a lamp and hurls it at Alex head. It is going to hit him, but reaches the length of i cord and stops six inches short. In the confusion. Alexei grabs Nadia's wrist and forces her to the ground. He grab the knife, just as John brains him with one of the guitar It emits a fruity final chord.
158) 0) text: Whistling, Yuri comes out of his suite, knocks briskly on the door of Alexei's and enters. We walk with him down th hallway into the bedroom to find Alexei, heartbroken, tie and bound to a desk chair. Yuri murmurs something in Russian.
159) 2) text: John finishes tying up Yuri, and removes his passport fro his jacket. Behind Nadia another plane arcs up into the n sky. He takes Alexei's passport from his pocket, but Alexei is only watching Nadia.
159) 3) dialog: Don't do this.
159) 4) text: She carefully places tape across his mouth. Almost as if having second thoughts she bends down to kis his cheek. The 'kiss' suddenly makes Alexei's eyes widen pain. As she stands her lips are bloody. She's bitten him the cheek. A single streak of blood runs from the gash.
159) 6) text: John collects the cases and they head for the door. Nadia stops to look back at Alexei. A final look.