0) 3) dialog: Hello.
0) 5) dialog: Hello, hello. Hello...
0) 7) dialog: I don't believe in perfect love. You  know, love that comes out of the sky  like a thunderbolt and uh... This is  ridiculous.
0) 9) dialog: No. No no no. Nope.
0) 13) dialog: Running. Reading. Going out. Staying  in. The countryside. Films, if they're  good.
0) 16) dialog: Thoughtful. Outgoing. Ambitious.  Well-read. Reasonably popular.  Balanced. Trusting. Quite attractive.  Outgoing.
0) 19) dialog: Someone intelligent, of course. Kind.  Pretty I suppose. But its not  critical.
1) 0) text: John watches while two removal men lift a new double bed  from the back of a van.
1) 1) dialog: Someone with a sense of humour.  Someone you can communicate with on  the same level. Someone you can really  talk to. I think communication is  key.
2) 0) text: John's hands smooth a crisp white sheet over the double  mattress. An ant runs across the sheet. John squashes it picks it carefully off.
2) 1) dialog: I think that by the time most people  turn thirty they know where they're  going.
3) 0) text: John encircles his house, leaving a thick trail of yellow powder behind him.
3) 1) dialog: And where they've been. I suppose  they have some baggage stroke history.
4) 0) text: We see that John is talking to his PC. It has a small dig camera on the side.
4) 1) dialog: We all have someone in our past who  uh... one skeleton, if you like.  We've all got at least one person,  as it were, under the patio. Not  literally of course. I suppose I  only say this because I always thought  people who did this sort of thing  were... I had an image that they  were losers. Not losers. A bit sad.  But I think this is the modern world.  And I think really it's quite a brave  move. Quite a brave, reasonable thing  to do.
4) 3) dialog: Sorry can we start again?
6) 0) text: John slides across the screen, motionless, towards Arriva INT. AIRPORT - DAY. Last calls for flights leaving for the other side of the  world. Travellers criss-cross and swirl.
9) 0) text: The Arrivals gate slides open and passengers flood throug John stands among the chauffeurs and cab drivers, as the  passengers trundle by. We follow one young woman long enough to think this must her, but it's a false alarm, she's lifted up and spun aro by someone else. They've all passed. That's that. She wasn't on the flight John wanders away from the gate. He stands about in the s in the middle of the airport. People bustle by. Everyone  going somewhere. Gradually, we get the sense we are being watched. A woman stands nearby. She is about twenty, very beautiful, tired and laden with luggage.
9) 1) dialog: Nadia?
9) 3) dialog: I'm John.
9) 5) dialog: Welcome. (pause) Well. Look I didn't have a speech  but...
9) 7) dialog: Is that everything?
9) 9) dialog: Right. Okay. Good.
10) 0) text: Nadia and John stand side by side in a huge lift.
10) 1) dialog: We can talk in the car.
11) 0) text: It's pouring with rain as they cross the car park towards patched up yellow Rover. John stows the suitcase in the b and opens the passenger door for her.
12) 0) text: John turns the key in the ignition. The MG wheezes and co He tries again. Nothing. The third time it just catches a he coaxes it to life. The colour's drained from his cheek They head for the motorway. The silence in the car lasts  just long enough for John to feel he is breaking it.
12) 1) dialog: It's about forty miles from here. I  don't know if you've looked at a  map, it's close to London but it's a  city in itself. A Roman city. It's a  nice house. I'm having a problem  with ants. I uh... It's the warmer  weather. I can't seem to find the  nest. Sorry, do you understand "ants"?
12) 3) dialog: I just can't find a nest. The root  of the problem. I've looked  everywhere. What's the Russian for  ant? Sorry that's a stupid... Sorry.  This is strange isn't it.
12) 5) dialog: I'm pretty nervous. Are you?
12) 7) dialog: I mean... "Ants." "I've got a problem  with ants."
12) 9) dialog: I had this...
12) 11) dialog: As a joke but uh...
12) 13) dialog: So. Is it different to how you  imagined it?
12) 15) dialog: I bet. (pause) What about me? Am I how you imagined?
12) 18) dialog: And how was the flight. Sorry, am I  speaking too fast for you?
12) 20) text: John looks across.
12) 21) dialog: Do uh... Sorry. Can you follow me?  Do you understand what I'm saying?
12) 23) dialog: Good. Or should I speak slower?
12) 25) dialog: Do you follow or should I speak  slower?
12) 28) dialog: Uh... Are you a giraffe?
12) 30) text: John turns to face the road ahead.
12) 31) dialog: (to himself) Oh Jesus.
12) 33) dialog: Oh Jesus.
12) 34) text: Suddenly she winds the window down and vomits out of the  speeding car. John panics and swerves onto the hard shoul amidst loud horn blasts.
13) 0) text: John navigates his way round the Rover in the rain to fin her kneeling on the verge, throwing up. He puts a hand on her shoulder, but she stands up quickly, maintaining an i dignity considering what has just happened.
14) 0) text: The front door closes behind them. John and Nadia stand i the silence of his hallway. There is a small banner hangi there: "Welcome Nadia". They study the banner together,  gravely. Eventually he opens a door.
14) 1) dialog: (quietly) Lounge.
14) 3) dialog: Kitchen.
14) 4) text: She glances around it. Then back at John. He nods to hims looking tense and pale.
15) 1) dialog: Bathroom.
16) 0) text: Standing in the doorway of John's bedroom.
16) 1) dialog: Bedroom.
16) 2) text: There it is. The Double Bed. John frowns gravely. Without warning, he marches out. She comes out onto the  landing to catch John plus suitcase kicking open another  door and vanishing inside.
17) 0) text: Nadia peers around the door to find John standing next to narrow monk-like single bed.
17) 1) dialog: The uh... the other bedroom...
17) 2) text: She looks at it, then up at John. She turns and walks out Now she's back, with her camouflaged hold-all, dumps it o the floor, heaves the suitcase onto the bed and smoking n hands, starts unpacking. John plugs in the lamp by the be To show Nadia how it works he switches it on, off, on, of and then feels stupid.
17) 3) dialog: I'll get an ashtray.
17) 4) text: With John gone, Nadia stops unpacking. She walks to the w and stares out over the rooftops of the estate.
18) 0) text: John on the phone.
18) 2) dialog: This is John Buckingham from St  Albans. I need to speak to you  urgently. There's a critical problem.  It's... Call me back as soon as  possible. It's critical.
19) 0) text: John climbs the stairs holding a saucer for an ashtray. H knocks lightly on the spare room door.
20) 0) text: Nadia is lying asleep on the bed in only her black underw We duck straight back out. John composes himself. He puts his head back round the do as if there's a real chance it will be shot off. She's fa away, arms folded, still holding the cigarette. It has bu out, leaving a long curl of ash on her bare hip. He approaches the bed with immense trepidation, eases the cigarette from between her fingers and drops it in the bi He stares at her bare hip, with the ash on it. Holding th saucer under the ash, he blows on it gently. It takes thr careful breaths before it drops in the saucer. Unseen by  John, her eyes are wide open as he steals out onto the  landing. We stay with her a moment.
21) 0) text: John is stirring a pot on the hob. By his expression he m be defusing a bomb. His head cocks, he stiffens. Nadia walks right into the  kitchen. She's changed, jeans and a tee shirt. Nadia take the spoon from him, says something in Russian, gestures f him to sit. She tastes the stew. Now she stirs the pot. He watches he
22) 0) text: John and Nadia sit opposite each other. She takes a mouth They catch one another's eye. And again. On the wall across, six ants careen in crazy circles. Joh can see them, but doesn't move. He puts his fork down.
22) 1) dialog: I don't know what to say. Your letters  were in English. Good English. You  said you'd studied English.
22) 3) dialog: I can't take this.
22) 5) dialog: I can't take it. I'm not really a  ring guy.
22) 7) dialog: Okay. No big deal. Thank you. Yes  thanks. Thank you.
23) 0) text: John and Nadia sit next to each other on the couch watchi T.V. John's gaze seems to go through the T.V. and a thous yards beyond. Nadia is knitting a half-finished jumper, b red. John stands and disappears out of shot.
23) 1) dialog: If anyone gets this message please  call as soon as possible. It's an  emergency.
23) 2) text: John sits back down. He steals side-glances at her. Her m Her red-painted fingers knitting fast. John flips through the channels -- The Money Programme.  Antique's Roadshow.  Cup Rugby. Eventually he offers Nadia the remote control. She takes, aims it at the T.V. but doesn't press it. Just as it seem she won't, she does: University Challenge. They watch University Challenge with Nadia still aiming t control and smoking. After another long pause she flips t button -- The Money Programme.  Antiques Roadshow.  Rugby. She flips again then hands the controls back to John and  they watch University Challenge. Nadia puts down her knitting, stretches and yawns.
24) 0) text: Nadia climbs the stairs. John watches her, hovering in th doorway of the darkened lounge. He hears the bathroom door close before venturing up.
25) 0) text: John sits on the edge of his bed. He cocks his head: Door opening and shutting; feet padding along landing; do closing. Silence. He squeezes his door open and peers dow the dark landing. The coast is clear.
26) 1) dialog: Good night.
27) 0) text: He climbs into the big bed, fully clothed, turns off the  light and lies there in the moonlight. After twenty seconds, the bedroom door clicks open. John  climbs out of bed as casually as possible and stands arou
27) 1) dialog: You should go now. We'll talk in the  morning.
27) 2) text: His eyes widen but he can't speak. He wants to but she's  placed her hand across his mouth. She reaches down and ta his hand, and draws it towards her, slowly tracing his fi across her breasts. She unbuttons her shirt and pulls his hand inside. He's breathing hard, her right hand still clasped over hi mouth. Her free hand lowers to press against him, and unz his fly. He lets out a moan. We concentrate on their faces. Above the silence all we c hear is John's breathing -- Before long Nadia looks down He's come. Nadia turns and walks out, leaving John marooned, gasping and blowing out, angry almost, buttoning his trousers.
28) 0) text: John lying in bed staring out at a streetlight.
30) 0) text: She pads down the hall in her nightshirt and opens the do to the bathroom. There on the toilet, naked, is John. He  gives another short shout. Nadia holds his eye for a coup of seconds too long, before shutting us inside with him.
31) 0) text: John sprints down his lawn, scattering the big black crow eating his garden. He jumps the fence, and across the fie
32) 0) text: John jogs along by a river in the countryside behind his  house, wearing shorts and a tee shirt. His breath billows around him in the sharp morning air. He stops running by a gate overlooking a small hill. He  doubles up to recover, panting hard.
33) 0) text: Two wild rabbits are nibbling the remains of a big breakf left on the lawn. John climbs heavily back over his fence There's a deck chair out there, surrounded by the remains breakfast. Some glossy Russian magazines, a full ashtray, Nadia's knitting. The patio door is ajar, the net curtain billowing. He sca the garden jumpily. The boy next door is on his trampolin bouncing up and down, watching John at the top of each bo
34) 0) text: Sweating from the run, John peers up the stairs. The hous is silent. In the lounge he picks up the phone and dials number.
35) 0) text: John stands with his ear to the bathroom door. The shower on.
38) 0) text: John flicks through a stack of photographs. One of Nadia a young girl in a meadow, with binoculars around her neck John looks at the same binoculars on the bed next to him. turns them over in his hands. He looks through them. He slowly lowers them. He's seen  something. He stands and crosses the room. On the mantelpiece, in a silver frame, is his picture, cu from the brochure. He holds it in his hands. The shower has stopped. In a panic he replaces the pictur the photographs, the gun lighter, the brochure, and the  binoculars.
40) 0) text: John shuts the chest, drops it back into the suitcase. The photo of the binoculars girl is on the pillow. He whi it under the bed just as Nadia enters. She doesn't seem surprised to see him standing there, in room, in his tee shirt and running shorts.
40) 1) dialog: Nadia. This isn't going to work. I'm  sorry. It's been a terrible mistake.  You must go.
40) 3) dialog: I'm booking a flight for tomorrow.  I'm sorry.
40) 4) text: John and Nadia on her bed, Nadia tearing off his tee shir She gets on top.
41) 0) text: John and Nadia having sex. They don't take their eyes off each other.
42) 0) text: John sits on the edge of the bed, holding his head in his hands. The door has just shut behind him. He looks at his left hand. He has the ring on.
43) 2) text: We move fast through the banking hall to the furthest cou The blind snaps up to reveal John, wearing a smart suit.
44) 0) text: John's skilled hands loading a stack of banknotes into a  drawer. The cashier next along, Clare, smiles at him.
44) 2) dialog: Uh. Yeah. Pretty good.
44) 4) dialog: Uh. No.
45) 0) text: John sits in front of a large desk, hands on knees.
46) 0) text: Nadia opens a kitchen cupboard and stares inside at John' groceries.
47) 2) text: Bluffers guide to the Internet. She opens an old copy of Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe. Inside is written 'John Buckingham Class 3F'.
48) 2) text: One of John as a little boy, holding a football, flanked his parents. On the back someone has written "Summer 1973
48) 4) text: There is a photo of John, about three years ago, arm in a with a plain, thin-looking girl, with small eyes. Another him kissing her on the cheek.
49) 0) text: John listening.
52) 0) text: John back in the room. The report has finished and the ma is scrutinising him in silence.
52) 1) dialog: Thank you -- I think that's very  fair.
53) 0) text: John drives his Rover through the centre of town, the low orange sun on his face.
54) 0) text: John and Nadia at the supper table. She is knitting the  jumper. Despite the silence, John seems more relaxed, in  shirtsleeves and loosened tie. He puts his fork down, and places the brown bag on the table, pushing it across to N She opens it and removes a big hardback Russian - English dictionary. John smiles and nods "open it". She flicks th it. She turns it over in her hands, nods, puts the book down, reaches under the table and surfaces with the stack of po magazines. She puts them on the table next to the diction John beholds the pile. "Wet N' Wild" is on top. He rises slowly from the table and sleepwalks from the  kitchen.
55) 0) text: John, frozen-headed, floats down the hall, up the stairs  into the bathroom, locks the door, sits on the toilet.
59) 0) text: John rests his head against the doorframe and heaves a si of relief. He turns and freezes. Nadia is there next to h She slowly loosens his tie. Holding it in her hands she  examines the strange little bank logo on it, before  deliberately tying the tie over her mouth like a gag. A second tie is pulled from a hanger in the cupboard. Qui and skillfully she ties her hands together, pulling it ti with her teeth. Finished, she flicks her hair back, and g him a long, level look.
60) 0) text: A close up of John's face. He closes his eyes, falls  backwards, and is caught in the arms of a colleague.
60) 2) text: John stands again and closes his eyes. After a short wait falls back and again his colleague catches him just befor he hits the ground.
60) 4) dialog: It feels good. Weird.
60) 6) text: John nods.
60) 8) text: A simple guitar theme begins, and plays over the followin sequence: Kids playing cricket in John's Close. A boy hits the ball and others chase it as it bounces off cars. John at dusk tied to the bed with his two bank ties. Nadi is on top. They are having sex. Hands stacking bank notes into the back of a cash machine Fast, mechanical. At the bank, John walks to his desk. His phone rings. He  answers it. Silence. Then soft breathing. John listens intently and l around. "Nadia...?" -- John sits there, surrounded by his colleag listening to Nadia breathe. Close up on a man's hands tying a tie tight a-round a wom wrist. Pull back to a close up of Nadia's face, her eyes  fixed on John. John running by the river. John watches Nadia rise from his bed after sex and leave room. He stares out the window. Nadia's fingers, knitting skillfully. Nadia sits on her bed alone, pulling on black stockings a attaching them to suspenders. The street cricketers run for cover as a thunder storm br over the close. Rain coming down in John's garden. The pair sit under the shelter of the back porch. John has his hands out as Nadi is winding red wool it into a ball. The jumper is half  finished. The rabbits shelter from the rain under broad leaves. John in a pub with a four colleagues from the bank. He si his half, half listening to the conversation. It all seem so dull. He finishes his drink and looks at his watch. Th ask him if he's staying for another. A knitting needle is drawn from a row of red stitches on nearly-finished jumper. Nadia kneels over John holding the knitting needles. She  presses one to his skin and we watch it drawn across his  chest in close up, up to his neck. His eyes are fixed on hers. Close up on Nadia's face. Her mouth is gagged and she's l on her front, head half-buried in a pillow. We can just m out John behind, on top of her. Both are lying still and  breathing hard, covered in sweat. Catching her breath Nad yanks the gag off and wriggles out from underneath him. S snatches up a towel and covering herself hurries to the  bathroom. The guitar theme ends.
61) 0) text: John presses his ear to the bathroom door. The sound of  retching. The toilet flushes. John pads back to his bedroom. Throug the gap in the door he sees Nadia coming out, go to her r and shut the door. He rests his head against the door fra
62) 0) text: A beautiful morning. Through the patio window, John watch Nadia in the garden, sitting on the lawn reading her  dictionary in the sunlight. In dungarees with her hair up she looks very young.
63) 1) dialog: Are you O.K.?
63) 4) dialog: Sorry?
63) 8) dialog: Bath day?
63) 10) dialog: I don't understand.
63) 13) dialog: Today?
63) 14) text: She frowns. John leafs through the dictionary.
63) 15) dialog: Syevodnya?
63) 17) dialog: Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday.
63) 20) text: John nods, smiling.
63) 21) dialog: Yes. Party. Party syevodnya.
63) 22) text: She lights a cigarette from the butt of her last. Blows s She holds the jumper up to John, as if to try it for size and the theme returns.
64) 0) text: John is on the telephone.
64) 1) dialog: ...It might just be a twenty-four  hour bug...
66) 0) text: John puts the phone down. He looks down the hall, where N is killing ants on the table, with her dictionary. He smi
68) 0) text: Nadia sits alone at the dining room table. Suddenly the l go out. John enters, carrying a small birthday cake glowi with candles. The light throws huge shadows on the walls and flickers a their faces. He sets the cake down on the table and sits down opposite Nadia
68) 1) dialog: Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday  to you. Happy Birthday dear Nadia...
68) 2) text: The front doorbell rings. A loud long burst. Nadia's face transforms into a big grin. She hurries out into the hall leaving John alone with the cake. Nadia whooping and shou excitedly. Other voices. Shouting. Shouting in Russian. A man bursts in carrying Nadia in his arms. He spins her  round in the candlelight, kisses her, puts her down and g to the table where he blows out the candles. They are plu into darkness. Lots of whooping and laughing. A Zippo flares up and  illuminates some faces, all laughing.
68) 5) text: In Russian, the first man introduces Nadia to the other m who is relighting the candles with a Zippo. It seems they haven't met before. The first man, Yuri, pulls out a bottle of vodka and hand it to John.
68) 7) dialog: Hang on hang on, sorry, but like,  who are you?
68) 9) dialog: What are you doing here?
68) 12) dialog: I'm asking what you're here for.
68) 18) dialog: Yes I know.
68) 21) dialog: What did he say?
68) 25) text: Alexei turns off the light again. Nadia blows out her can They are plunged back into darkness. John turns the light again. Yuri is already sitting down.
68) 26) dialog: I need to know who you are first  please.
68) 28) dialog: Yes. I know.
68) 30) dialog: And...
68) 32) text: He hands John another bottle of vodka.
68) 33) dialog: Hold on.
68) 35) text: Vodka is splashed into their glasses. Yuri raises his gla and shouts a toast in Russian: "Vashe Zdarovye!". They do their vodka, John sips at his, then realises he must fini it. Yuri makes as if to throw his in the fireplace.
68) 38) dialog: (to Yuri) So hang on. You're both Nadia's  cousins?
68) 40) dialog: Right.
68) 42) dialog: Right.
68) 47) dialog: No.
68) 50) dialog: So?
68) 53) dialog: What was that?
68) 55) dialog: Yes it's okay. Thank you for the  food.
68) 56) text: Nadia lights a cigarette. John notices that on both wrist she has bold red marks from the ties. He freezes.
68) 58) text: John is thrown, panicking that one of them will notice th marks.
68) 59) dialog: So how long will you be in England?
68) 61) dialog: You must have a visa or something...
68) 63) dialog: No, no...
68) 64) text: Yuri laughs, translates for Alexei and they both get a bi laugh out of this. Yuri gets his passport out and makes a big show of presenting it to John. But John keeps glancin at the marks on Nadia's wrists. We see a close up of her  neck. There is the tiniest blood mark. John sees it and s to sweat.
68) 66) text: Yuri raises his glass and they all drink to Tony Blair an Margaret Thatcher. John drinks his vodka in two hot gulps
68) 68) text: John looks glazed. The room falls silent.
68) 69) dialog: Hello.
68) 72) dialog: Uh. Do you like England?
68) 74) text: John nods. He watches Nadia tap ash. The wrist again.
68) 75) dialog: Uh...
68) 77) dialog: I can't think of anything. Hang on.
68) 80) dialog: What?
68) 81) text: Nadia speaks. John waits uncomfortably. Silence.
68) 83) text: John stops.
68) 84) dialog: When?
68) 86) dialog: I...
68) 88) text: We see John's face.
68) 89) dialog: Binoculars.
70) 4) text: John watches Nadia looking at the table. She glances up o and catches his eye. Alexei suddenly slams his hand down on the table. He rais his palm. There is an ant squashed there. He shows Yuri.
71) 1) dialog: What was that?
71) 3) dialog: Tell me.
71) 5) dialog: Tell me what he said.
71) 7) text: Silence. John suddenly looks sick.
71) 9) dialog: No. It's not that.
71) 11) dialog: I suppose it's... I mean define your  terms.
71) 15) text: John accepts the plate.
71) 17) text: John eats.
71) 19) text: John bites the sausage.
71) 21) text: John nibbles some pickled garlic.
71) 23) text: Yuri offers John the glass. He looks at Nadia, takes it a swigs it down in one. He looks across at Nadia, wiping hi mouth, his eyes watering. She looks back at him. Alexei begins softly singing a song. As he sings:
71) 25) text: They listen to the beautiful, sad voice. For the second v Yuri joins in, a slow stirring lament. For the end Nadia  joins in too and the three of them begin harmonising  beautifully. John watches in the candlelight. John, Nadia and Alexei pose with the cake. Nadia puts her arm round John and Alexei. With a FLASH! Yuri takes a  Polaroid. The guitar theme returns as we see the Polaroid on the ta in close up, developing speeded up. John comes into focus beaming.
73) 0) text: John and Nadia seen from above lying asleep, with their h together, in the moonlight. Nadia whispers something in h sleep, in Russian. Fast asleep John mutters something in  English. Their sleeping, unintelligible conversation, dri on in the night.
74) 0) text: John sits at his desk in the open plan office. He looks  nervous. This is because he is wearing Nadia's ring. People pass h desk, a couple say hello, but they don't notice. He rubs chin. Nobody notices. Eventually his manager approaches.
74) 4) dialog: Ch...
74) 6) dialog: (thrown) Right.
74) 8) dialog: Uh... Yes.
74) 11) text: John is left alone.
75) 0) text: The front door opens and John walks into his hall. The tw rucksacks are still side by side where they were the nigh before...
76) 0) text: He opens the fridge and pours himself a glass of orange. stops -- There on the draining board lies the bloody skin a rabbit. John jumps out of his skin. Next to the rabbit skin is a hand-drawn map. A dotted lin winds around the map and ends with an X in a small wood. He looks at the rabbit skin, with its eyeless sockets.
77) 0) text: John follows a path through a big silent wood, the low su flaring and catching his white work shirt.
77) 1) dialog: through binoculars, a long way off and squinting into the sun. Nadia lowers the binoculars and looks past us.
77) 4) text: John steps out of his hiding place and approaches the gro Alexei has Nadia falling about laughing about something. smiles at her then nods to John. Pieces of cooked rabbit lie in tin foil. Alexei feeds a p to Nadia with a big hunting knife. Nadia smiles at John, starts knitting.
77) 6) dialog: Fine. I thought you were leaving  today.
77) 8) text: Nadia stops knitting and takes her shirt off and stretche back to sunbathe in her black bra. Alexei takes the knife has just finished cleaning and holds the cold wide blade  flat above Nadia's bare stomach. Just before pressing it  down he looks across at John. Nadia yelps and sits up. Th laugh, and Yuri joins in. John laughs uneasily. Alexei notices marks on Nadia's midriff. He asks her abou them in Russian. John goes white, unable to understand Nadia's explanation He has no idea what she told him.
78) 0) text: At sunset, the four run towards a lake in their underwear They jump and dive in, and begin splashing each other. John duck-dives under the water and swims through the sun streaked green water. We see him under the water, swimmin towards us, caught by the sun's rays. John surfaces, and wipes the water from his eyes. He spot Alexei and Nadia playing in the water. Alexei grabs her a throws her in the air and she comes down with a splash. John treads water nearby. He watches them both hold their noses and disappear under the surface. They've both vanished. John ducks under the water. John's underwater P.O.V.: It's too murky to see anything. The two surface, breathing hard, laughing. John watches t Alexei holds Nadia tight and looks like he might even kis her. But instead he ducks her and holds her under the wat John treads water nearby. She's been under a long time.
78) 1) dialog: Hey.
78) 2) text: John begins to swim toward Alexei. Just as he gets near,  Alexei lets Nadia surface, coughing and spluttering -- sh shouts at Alexei in Russian, angry. Alexei makes for her again but she pushes him away, twice almost slapping him. She is very uncomfortable. She swims away. Yuri admonishes his friend in Russian. Alexei stares at J then swims off powerfully back towards the shore.
78) 4) text: John watches Nadia walk out of the lake towards her cloth
79) 0) text: John walks into his bedroom. Nadia is on the bed with a  dictionary. She puts it down. She speaks very slowly.
79) 2) dialog: What's wrong?
79) 4) dialog: Of course. They go. Yes. Yes.
80) 0) text: John stands at the end of the two sleeping bags.
80) 2) dialog: You can stay tonight.
80) 4) dialog: Good night.
80) 5) text: Alexei stares at John as he backs out of the room.
81) 0) text: John closes his bedroom door and slips back into bed. Nad is already asleep. John lies back in the moonlight, and s at the ceiling.
83) 0) text: John opens his eyes. He rolls over towards Nadia, but she already up and about. Alone in his bedroom, John holds the now-finished jumper to himself. He tries it on. It's a good four sizes too bi the arms are too long and it hangs down to mid-thigh. He  looks at himself in the mirror and smiles.
84) 0) text: He pads downstairs in his pants, picks up his mail from t doormat and peers into the living room. The sleeping bags and guitar cases have gone. About to peruse his mail, his eye is caught by something else. There is a small wild deer standing in the living room.  Looking at him. John stares back at it transfixed, when h hears a scream. The deer starts and bolts out of the pati doors. John is thrown. It was a woman's scream. He goes b out and looks down the hall. Twenty feet away, down the hall, is Yuri, sitting on the  kitchen floor, his back to the cooker. He's crying.
84) 2) text: Suddenly Alexei steps between them in the doorway. As he  moves out of view, we see he is holding his hunting knife John hears Nadia cry out, from inside the kitchen. He dro his mail and rushes forward.
85) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
85) 5) dialog: What's he doing? What the fuck are  you doing? Leave her alone.
85) 6) text: Alexei addresses John.
85) 10) text: John sits across the table from Nadia.
85) 11) dialog: Tell him to stop and let her go, and  we'll talk.
85) 12) text: The kettle boils. Alexei takes the kettle and holds it ov Nadia's head. John springs up.
85) 13) dialog: Put the fucking kettle down.
85) 15) dialog: Put the fucking kettle down. Tell,  Yuri, tell him put it down or I'm  going to make him.
85) 18) dialog: What? What does he want?
85) 20) dialog: What did he say? Tell me!
85) 22) dialog: What does he want. The Russian  shithead. What do you want ?
85) 24) dialog: Tell him to put the kettle down and  I'll give him money.
85) 27) dialog: I'll give him money. Tell him to put  the...
85) 29) dialog: I'll fuckin' give it to him! We'll  go down there.
85) 31) dialog: I've got eight hundred pounds. Oh  Jesus.
85) 33) dialog: Oh Jesus.
85) 35) dialog: Oh Jesus. Of course I can't.
85) 36) text: Alexei doesn't need the translation he tilts the kettle, a small amount of boiling water trickles onto Nadia's hai She screams through the gag. John tries to reach across to her but Alexei draws the kn and holds it to his face.
85) 37) dialog: Just leave her alone.
85) 39) dialog: Leave her alone.
85) 40) text: CLOSE UP On Nadia's terrified eyes, imploring John to hel her.
86) 0) text: John drives grim-faced through the morning rain. Yuri is  next to him staring ahead at the road. Alexei is in the b with Nadia who is still bound and gagged. He's holding hi knife to her ribs.
87) 0) text: The car parks on the top floor. John turns off the engine He looks at Nadia in his rear view mirror but she seems i shock.
88) 0) text: John strides towards us down St. Albans High Street, carr the two guitar cases, his raincoat flapping. His eyes loo glazed, the busy street sounds around him muffled.
89) 0) text: The doors slide apart and John enters his branch. The pla is full of customers. He cheeks himself through the secur door and into the back.
90) 0) text: John walks through the open plan office. His Branch Manag is there with another bank official, and Clare.
90) 3) dialog: Hello.
90) 5) dialog: Right.
90) 7) dialog: Yes. I do.
90) 13) dialog: I'll give you a tune later.
90) 14) text: The Branch Manager takes John to one side and stage-whisp
91) 0) text: John leads the team down the corridor past the training r where his colleagues are busy with Trust and Letting Go.
91) 1) dialog: This is uh... This is the uh...
91) 4) dialog: I'll give you a tune later.
92) 1) dialog: This is where we're doing Trust and  uh... Trust and Letting Go.
92) 3) dialog: Yes.
92) 5) dialog: Yes.
92) 8) dialog: Excuse me.
93) 0) text: John nips out and fetches his guitar cases. He rounds the corner, down a couple of steps. He checks himself into th Safe Area. A Colleague passes him.
93) 2) dialog: I'll give you a tune later.
94) 0) text: John punches in the security code. He opens the safe door and goes inside, closing it behind him. We see his strick face peering through the toughened glass.
96) 0) text: John bowling out of the safe-room backwards heaving two g cases. One bursts open spilling bundles of fifties onto t floor.
98) 0) text: John scoops up the money, refasten the case and stand to them all watching him, as the five Trust and Letting Go  fallers crash to the ground in unison.
99) 0) text: John hauls ass towards us straight down the middle of the road, a guitar case in either hand, footsteps clapping lo on the wet cobbles. Alarms sound, dogs bark.
101) 0) text: Running flat out across the car park. Yuri throws open th car door and John hurls the guitar cases inside. He dives in, turns the key in the ignition. The Rover coughs and  wheezes. He tries again. It spits and misfires. The third time it catches and lives. John grinds the gears and lurc off.
103) 1) text: Alexei opens one of the cases and looks inside. He takes deep breath and swears in Russian. He shows what is in the case to Nadia. Her eyes widen. Alexei gently lowers the gag and kisses her on the mouth. She returns the kiss hungrily. John spots them in the mirror and nearly crashes the car. He looks desperately across at Yuri. Yuri is now pointing the big knife at John's ribs. The Russian shrugs almost  apologetically. In the back seat Nadia has freed herself and is beginning pull at Alexei's clothes. They begin making out passionat John's eyes slowly lose focus. He turns grey, then white. drives and we watch the life seep out of him.
106) 0) text: Yuri in the bathroom, he undoes his flies pees. At the ot end of the bathroom, tied to the bidet, gagged, is John.
106) 2) text: John refuses to meet his eye. Yuri flushes and wipes his  hands.
106) 4) text: From his back pocket, Yuri takes out an old envelope. He  opens it and removes a dozen or so Polaroids. John looks down at the first Polaroid. Nadia, Alexei and man John doesn't recognise at a birthday party. There is cake with candles and everyone is smiling. The next pictu is the same. And the next. Sometimes Germany, sometimes France, but otherwise the  pictures are the same, each 'fiancee' beaming with his ar round Nadia, Alexei looking on. John studies the faces of his fellow dupes and at last co to his own picture. Despite himself tears come to his eye
106) 6) text: Yuri takes John's left hand and pulls off Nadia's ring. H puts it in his pocket.
108) 0) text: Some hours later, it's dark outside. John still tied to t bidet. The door opens a crack and somebody slips inside. hear the toilet seat go down. As his eyes adjust he can d see Nadia sitting on the toilet. She doesn't look at him. she finishes she finally turns and holds his eye. She sta and slips out the door, leaving him alone.
110) 0) text: Bright sunlight pours through a high window. John is stil on the toilet. He begins to try to struggle free. After a great deal of fierce deadpan shimmying and pullin he succeeds in loosening his bindings. Freeing an arm, he yanks the duct tape from his mouth and sits there panting The first thing he does is take a pee, then he drinks han of water. He catches his reflection but can't look at him
111) 0) text: John collapses in an armchair, rubbing his eyes. He looks shattered. The Russians have gone.
112) 0) text: John in the shower, just standing there, letting the wate hit him.
113) 0) text: John dries himself in silence. He pulls on his trousers,  sits down to do his socks. One sock on, he walks to the  smaller bedroom. He opens the door and peers inside.
114) 0) text: Tied to the radiator, gagged with duct tape, is Nadia. John looks down at her. She looks away as her eyes fill w tears. He sits on the bed facing her. They stay like that for a  long moment before he reaches over and starts untying her knots. He peels the tape off her mouth. Suddenly he slaps her across the face. Her head hits the radiator. Nadia gasps hard from the sho of the blow. Without warning she slaps his face, equally  hard. This starts a long silent fight; kicking, hitting, biting real struggle. Its intensity is almost sexual, but has the edge of real  violence. They end up on opposite sides of the room, both panting, hurt and beaten.
114) 2) text: John lies there on the floor, panting, and he hears the  English words. Exhausted, John stands, wipes his mouth, and rushes her a Nadia dodges out the way and cuffs him painfully on the e The whole fight starts again and ends only when neither h the strength to go on. Nadia staggers into the bathroom w she shuts the door and begins to sob uncontrollably. John lies on the bed listening to her cry.
116) 0) text: Nadia and John sit in silence in the half empty diner. Na has a cut lip and a graze on her chin. John has a Thousan Yard Stare and a lesion over his left cheekbone. The Waitress comes over.
116) 6) text: John doesn't answer.
116) 9) dialog: You can't smoke in here.
116) 10) text: Nadia ignores him. John bellows
116) 11) dialog: YOU CAN'T SMOKE IN HERE!
116) 14) text: It seems as if John has no intention of replying. He sips his coffee, and puts it down. He begins speaking very cal
116) 15) dialog: Oh, I don't know. In my job as Deputy  Assistant of New Business at the  bank would have to listen to the  problems of a great many individuals.  This took a lot of understanding and  sympathy, to try to work out solutions  to their problems. But, you see, I'm  not in that line of work anymore.  Nowadays I'm a bank robber.
116) 17) dialog: I think that about covers it. I think  I have grasped the part about you  being dumped though. That's got to  hurt, I imagine. That's got to smart  a bit. I mean strictly in my  observer's capacity it seemed you  two were getting on Pretty Fucking  Famously.
116) 19) dialog: Unless. Unless this is part of the  routine. You get tied up, stick  around, distract me, they both bust  in and Steal My Cup Of Coffee.
116) 21) dialog: I don't want to know.
116) 23) dialog: That's a relief. It's nice to know  I'm a regular guy.
116) 26) dialog: I'm going to drink my coffee. Then,  we're going to the police station.  Where there will be lawyers, loss of  job, house, humiliation, gutter press,  and probably prison.
116) 28) dialog: Even so I always felt the decision  to burst in and rob it very much  remained with me.
116) 30) dialog: Well as it turns out I did.
116) 33) dialog: Yes please.
116) 35) text: She pours for John.
116) 36) dialog: Splendid. Thank you.
116) 38) text: She smiles and leaves them. John watches her walk away.
116) 40) text: This really tickles John. He has to put his coffee down.
116) 41) dialog: You must think... I'm the biggest  pillock... In the world.
116) 43) dialog: In the world.
116) 45) dialog: I do. I want to very badly.
116) 47) dialog: In every sense. If at all possible.
116) 49) dialog: Well, Nadia, It it's all the same to  you, I'd like to give it a bash.
116) 52) text: John stares back at her.
117) 0) text: John drags her by the arm across the car-park towards the Rover.
118) 0) text: John drags her out of the Rover. She wrestles her arm fre and walks up the steps on her own, with some dignity. Joh follows her.
119) 0) text: They sit side by side in the waiting room, not talking. N looks resigned to her fate. John is tight-jawed, unyieldi They wait as the the Duty Sergeant deals with a woman who lost her hat.
119) 2) dialog: What?
119) 4) dialog: What? No you're not..
119) 6) dialog: (overlapping) No you're not. How... Nice one. How  dumb do you think I am ?
119) 12) text: She heads off. John springs up. He seizes her arm as casu as possible.
120) 0) text: John frog marches Nadia down the corridor to the Ladies. wrestles her arm free again and disappears inside. John lurks outside. He seems certain she's got one leg ou the window RIGHT NOW. He can't bear it any longer. He looks both ways and nips  inside.
121) 0) text: Standing in the Ladies, John hears Nadia in a cubicle,  throwing up. He hears the toilet flush. Nadia comes out. He looks at her.
121) 1) dialog: You're pregnant.
122) 0) text: John walks out of the toilet and stands against the wall the corridor. He looks both ways. After a few seconds Nad appears in the corridor. They stand there. John isn't loo at her. A policeman appears from round the corner, and walks towa them. He stops, and addresses John.
122) 2) text: John looks at the Policeman, then at Nadia. The seconds p
122) 4) text: John is still looking at Nadia -- He closes his eyes.
122) 5) dialog: No.
123) 0) text: John walks back to the Rover, Nadia behind. They reach th car. Nadia looks at John over the roof of the car.
123) 2) text: John looks sick. He speaks very quietly.
123) 3) dialog: Get in the car.
124) 0) text: John driving with Nadia in the passenger seat. She is loo across at him. He is taking no notice.
124) 2) text: John ignores her.
124) 4) dialog: (flatly) Have you got your passport?
124) 6) dialog: Shut up. Have you got your passport?
124) 9) dialog: We've got to get off this motor-way.
126) 0) text: John is turning the pages in his Road Atlas. He is trying drive and map read at the same time. Nadia is looking out the window. Soon a big tear rolls down her cheek. She sta to cry. John glances up from his map but ignores it. But she keep crying. He tosses the map in the back, pulls the car to t side of the road and switches off the engine. As Nadia cr John gazes impassively out of the window. This goes on fo almost a minute, until Nadia pulls herself together, when without looking across John restarts the engine and pulls away.
127) 0) text: John's car pulling off a B road, into a slip road into a  garage.
128) 0) text: Stern-faced, John fills the car up with petrol. He eyes t Closed-Circuit.
128) 1) dialog: Give me some money.
128) 3) text: John stops squeezing petrol.
128) 4) dialog: What?
128) 6) text: John stares at Nadia. He eyes the CCTV.
128) 7) dialog: Give me your sunglasses.
128) 8) text: Nadia passes them and John puts them on,trying to look ca He gives the pump a couple more squirts, hangs it up,  nonchalantly sidles up to his door. In one move he opens it, dives in, turns the key in the  ignition. The Rover coughs. He tries it again. It howls,  barks and sneezes. The attendant comes out onto the forec and starts approaching the yellow Rover. Miraculously it roars throatily to life, he floors it and the Rover tears away from the station and off down the ro
128) 9) text: We see John at the wheel of his Rover, sunglasses on, win in his hair, fleeing from the scene of the crime. Nadia  watches him in the late sunshine, but John is too busy ma a getaway to notice.
129) 0) text: John's car shimmering as it comes over the brow of a remo country lane, surrounded by fields and rolling hills.
130) 0) text: Nadia puts a cigarette in her mouth and pops the dashboar lighter. John takes the cigarette and throws it out the  window, followed by the lighter. Nadia just gazes out of window.
130) 1) dialog: So, uh, Alexei, which I know isn't  his name...
130) 3) dialog: Fine.
130) 5) dialog: Fine. Absolutely. Must be  disappointing though. Must come as a  hell of a shock.
130) 7) dialog: So uh...
130) 9) dialog: Oh Jesus.
130) 11) dialog: (overlapping -- bigger) Of course. Of course. Of course he  does. Of course. Thank you. Thanks.
130) 14) dialog: It's his baby I take it.
130) 16) dialog: Not the kids type then is he? Not  that broody. You must be pretty  miffed.
130) 18) dialog: Excuse me?
130) 20) dialog: Yeah. I tend to tie up and abandon  women I really want to see again  too.
130) 22) text: John freezes. He looks across. Nadia gives nothing back.
130) 23) dialog: Fuck off.
130) 25) dialog: Fuck off. You started it.
130) 27) dialog: I don't want to talk about it.
130) 29) dialog: Shut up. I'm not listening.
130) 31) dialog: No.
130) 35) dialog: So. What's it like having to fuck  men you hate?
130) 37) dialog: Okay. Let's... Okay. Okay. You have  had sex with people you don't like  haven't you? For money. To make money.
130) 39) dialog: And. It's wrong.
130) 41) dialog: And that would be Morals. That would  be one's own moral sense of decency.
130) 43) dialog: So. What then? You just detach sex  from everything..
130) 45) dialog: Listen. I didn't go rooting around  in your private stuff.
130) 46) text: John remembers he did. Nadia looks across knowingly.
130) 49) dialog: So what? Do you just switch off in  your head or do you imagine you're  with him, or what?
130) 51) dialog: Sometimes which?
130) 53) dialog: Some... What does that mean?
130) 55) dialog: I don't like sex. I don't think I'll  be having sex ever again.
130) 57) dialog: Well, it's just that the thought  trying to charm up an erection in  front of a woman, or alone for that  matter, makes me want to die.
130) 59) dialog: I think it's my safest bet, don't  you?
130) 61) text: John looks across.
130) 62) dialog: What?
130) 64) dialog: I got what I paid for.
130) 67) dialog: (quietly) It wasn't what I wanted.
130) 69) dialog: (quietly) You don't understand me.
130) 71) text: John turns to her.
130) 73) text: John stops the car.
130) 74) dialog: Get out.
130) 77) dialog: Get out
130) 79) dialog: Get out.
130) 80) text: She collects her bag from the back seat, her cigarettes,  gathers up her belongings, clicks open the door and gets  out, leaving the shot. John sits there staring ahead. We  hear her voice offscreen.
130) 82) text: John turns the key in the ignition. The engine bellows an screams. Silence. He tries again. The engine shrieks and wails like a soul torment. A terrible, mournful grinding noise. Silence.
130) 84) text: John tries to start it. It lets out a whimper, a crying, few juddering moving sobs, and dies. John sits in his dead car. He shakes his head. He rubs hi face. He sits there.
131) 0) text: The two of them on a verge ten feet apart. John stares in the distance. Nadia studies the map.
131) 4) text: Nadia scans the horizon with her binoculars. John watches her.
131) 5) dialog: Jesus. You weren't even on the plane.
131) 6) text: Nadia lowers her binoculars and looks at John.
132) 0) text: In a clearing, John watches Nadia carry a pile of sticks a fire she is building. She lights it with her gun cigare lighter, and teases the flames to life.
133) 0) text: John and Nadia sit by the fire. She sits wrapped up to he neck in a blanket.
133) 2) dialog: (interrupting on  "different") You don't have to say anything
133) 4) dialog: (overlapping on  "saying") Please, there's no... Oh.
133) 6) dialog: Then okay. (pause) So how old were you when you met  him?
133) 9) dialog: Yeah. He's a smashing bloke.
133) 11) dialog: Thank Christ for that.
133) 13) dialog: I'm pretty naive? Look at you. You  have to do all this, and what have  you got to show for it? Nothing.
133) 15) dialog: Well what have you got?
133) 19) dialog: Do you know if it's a boy or a girl?
133) 21) dialog: Have you had any before?
133) 23) dialog: Are you scared?
133) 29) text: She looks through them and searches the brush. John watch Nadia with her binoculars. He looks suddenly very sad.
133) 31) text: She puts them back in her bag. John watches her. He sees wrist again. She lights a cigarette, and blows the smoke  into the air.
133) 33) dialog: What?
133) 35) dialog: It's none of your business. She didn't  have small eyes.
133) 37) dialog: She's dead.
133) 42) dialog: I don't know why I said that. She's  not dead at all.
133) 43) text: Nadia looks at John.
133) 45) dialog: I don't know why I said it. I'm sorry.
133) 49) dialog: Laugh it up.
133) 51) dialog: You should stop smoking. You're  pregnant. You smoke like a fucking  lab dog.
133) 53) dialog: I've got news for you. It's not  working.
133) 55) dialog: Nobody's that unhappy.
133) 57) dialog: I don't want anyone to die.
133) 59) dialog: Except for Small Eyes.
133) 62) text: John thinks. It looks as if he's going to tell the whole  story. In the end he shrugs.
133) 63) dialog: I don't know.
133) 65) dialog: What's your name?
133) 70) dialog: It's alright.
133) 71) text: The scene from bird's eye view. John lies back and stares the stars. Nadia curls up on the other side of the fire, hugs herself. We push down closer and closer until we are on John's fac The theme returns. The cricket boys from John's Close stand in a line in the middle of the street, bathed in flashing blue light. We p round and end on John's house. It is surrounded with Police. Police cars, Police Vans, plastic police tape "POLICE LIN
134) 0) text: John slides down a rocky slope. He scans the forest, but  there's no-one around. He hurries through high bracken th stops suddenly by a large oak.
135) 0) text: In a pool in a stream below, Nadia is washing herself. Sh has her back to us. John watches her for a moment, before his eyes avert, and his head bows.
136) 0) text: A shimmering sun. A giant combine harvester cuts a wide s through a field of high corn. As it passes we find John a Nadia coming towards us through the heat haze. They aren't speaking and both look tired. As they pass we crane up out of the corn to catch an enormous 757 Jumbo J just above us, coming into land. We pan round to see, hal mile away, the massive airport beyond. They walk towards it, two tiny figures.
137) 2) dialog: No. I think I better just go.
137) 4) dialog: Whatever.
137) 8) dialog: Yeah. No thanks.
137) 10) dialog: Because it was a lie.
137) 13) text: John shrugs. He takes them.
137) 15) text: John nods and turns. Nadia watches him walk away.
138) 0) text: On the other side of the airport, John stands in front of the exit to the taxi ranks. He's got nowhere to go. Passe swirl around him. He looks at the binocular in his hands. He removes the  binoculars and looks at them. Suddenly he stops. In the c is a folded note marked John. John holds it in his hands Slowly, deliberately, he screws it up, and drops it in th case like a bin.
138) 1) dialog: Through the binoculars. Passengers criss-cross, but we fi Nadia sitting alone, waiting for her call. John lowers the binoculars and gazes across the airport. raises them for one last look. Nadia, glimpsed through the crowd. We spy someone standin about twenty feet behind her. It is Alexei. We watch Alexei approach her. She looks up and is complet thrown. Yuri stands about ten feet away, in shades. John lowers the binoculars, horrified. He looks again. Nadia pulls her arm away. Alexei crouches down in front o her and puts a hand on her knee, coaxing her. Alexei takes her by the arm and leads her away.
139) 0) text: John hurries out of the exit to catch the trio leaving a  different exit fifty yards away, where they get into a ta
140) 0) text: John runs across a car park and over a low fence.
142) 0) text: John runs across a grass verge and another car park. He s the taxi rounding the corner and head down the road in fr of him. John runs as fast as he can up this road, but the taxi is getting away. Eventually he gives up, and he drives away.
143) 0) text: At the roundabout it turns round and starts coming back u the road. John hides behind a car, and watches the taxi p up outside a small hotel about fifty yards away. He watch the trio head into the hotel.
144) 0) text: John skirts around the edge of the hotel. He peers in thr one of the windows. It's the foyer. He heads around the b
147) 0) text: John stares through the window at the scene.
149) 0) text: John's face at the window. Almost cheek to cheek with Nad
151) 0) text: John watches Nadia walk over to the dresser and search th drawers. She goes over to the bed and looks under the pil There she finds what she is looking for. Alexei's hunting knife. She hears Alexei coming and stands hard against the windo the huge knife behind her back.
152) 0) text: John outside. He is four inches from the knife.
152) 1) dialog: Oh Jesus.
152) 2) text: John ducks down, panting, swallowing hard. At once he spr up and skirts the building again. He finds a window to th next suite. He tries to force it open. Suddenly Yuri's face appears i the window, cupped by his hands peering out into the  blackness. John drops down holds his breath. John scrambles back to the previous window. With real eff he presses it open. He pulls himself up and drops inside.
154) 0) text: John opens the bathroom door a crack. He is at the opposi end of a corridor from the bedroom. He can hear Alexei's  voice. Breathing hard, he tiptoes out and stands in the corridor his back pressed hard against the wall. He takes one step down the hall. The floor creaks loudly.
156) 0) text: John takes another step down the hallway. There, by the d are the two guitar cases full of money. Next to them is  Nadia's bag. Crouching, John opens the bag and searches  inside. He finds what he is looking for; the Silver Cigar Lighter-Pistol. We hear the Russian lovers' voices next door. John is  absolutely terrified, breathing hard and shaking, holding the little gun.
157) 2) text: He takes his shirt off -- Nadia glances up -- With horror she sees John in the doorway. Alexei turns to see John stand by the door, holding a lit silver gun.
157) 4) text: John and Nadia look at each other.
157) 8) text: Alexei stands. John takes a step back. Alexei walks calml towards John and throws a punch. It catches John right on the chin and he hits the wall and goes down very fast.
157) 13) text: Alexei kicks John in the ribs.
157) 15) text: He looks at Nadia, the girl he came back for, angrily poi the knife at him. He suddenly looks completely punctured. John has struggled up again and stands behind him. They a both looking at Nadia.
157) 24) text: In the impasse, John picks up a lamp and hurls it at Alex head. It is going to hit him, but reaches the length of i cord and stops six inches short. In the confusion. Alexei grabs Nadia's wrist and forces her to the ground. He grab the knife, just as John brains him with one of the guitar It emits a fruity final chord.
159) 2) text: John finishes tying up Yuri, and removes his passport fro his jacket. Behind Nadia another plane arcs up into the n sky. He takes Alexei's passport from his pocket, but Alexei is only watching Nadia.
159) 6) text: John collects the cases and they head for the door. Nadia stops to look back at Alexei. A final look.
161) 2) text: John carries the guitar cases full of money. Nadia just h her small camouflaged hold all. They walk quickly togethe in silence and come to a stop at the departure lounge gat 12.
161) 3) dialog: Are you okay?
161) 5) dialog: Okay. Goodbye.
161) 8) dialog: What will you do now?
161) 11) dialog: Okay. Promise?
161) 15) dialog: You can probably buy them on the  flight.
161) 17) dialog: Goodbye.
161) 19) dialog: Whatever.
161) 21) dialog: Please.
161) 26) text: She leans forward and kisses him. As they kiss, John puts guitar case in her hand. Nadia looks down at the case.
161) 28) dialog: It's not mine either.
161) 30) text: John frowns and looks a little embarrassed. She speaks to him in Russian and we see the subtitles.
161) 33) dialog: Yeah, you see when I said I didn't  speak Russian I wasn't actually just  making it up.
161) 34) text: She leans forwards and whispers in his ear. John looks at her. He looks to the four corners of the airport. And bac at her.
161) 35) dialog: Why?
161) 37) dialog: No. What? No. I know.
161) 39) dialog: It's a long way to go for a date.
161) 43) text: John frowns.
161) 45) text: John repeats the phrase in Russian.
161) 46) dialog: What does it mean?
161) 50) dialog: Right.
162) 0) text: John runs across the airport to the ticket desk. He joins queue of about three people. He works his way to the fron
162) 1) dialog: Is the flight full?
162) 3) dialog: Please check. Is it full? Please  could you check.
163) 0) text: Nadia stands alone holding her unlit cigarette, thinking. She looks at the two guitar cases at her feet. She looks  across at John, anxiously drumming on the ticket sales  counter. What is she thinking?
164) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT on the photo of Yuri in his passport. The Aeroflot desk official holds the passport and studies John. With his four day beard there is a resemblance, but it's far from perfect.
164) 2) dialog: Thanks.
164) 4) dialog: Cash.
164) 5) text: John collects his ticket, turns and heads back to where h left Nadia with the guitar cases. He suddenly stops. She's gone. He looks all around. People swirl about. She's nowhere to seen. John hangs his head. He turns, and walks away.
165) 0) text: John sits at a cafe table, and watches the people come an go. He looks strangely calm, resigned. CLOSE UP: John's fingers uncrumple the note from the  binoculars case. He smooths it on the table, then opens i Inside is written a short phrase in Russian: Kam Kapsi Schta. John looks at the note. He folds it closed and surveys th airport for an exit. Through the crowd, fifty feet away, getting a light off t policeman; it's her. Nadia blows out smoke, and speaks to the policeman. John  watches her. He smiles. Suddenly she turns and points straight at John. The Polic look straight at him. As they head towards him, Nadia pic up the cases and walks away. John sits frozen as the Police approach.
165) 2) text: He takes John by the arm. John stands.
165) 6) text: The Policeman help John to the front of the gate, where h is shown to the front of the queue. The Policeman explain to the airline staff. We see that Nadia is one behind in the queue. The Police  turn and walk away.
166) 0) text: John pushes his passport and ticket under the perspex win He glances at Nadia, then looks at the young airport offi the blood beating in his ears. For a few interminable seconds the official's eyes burn i John. John turns to Nadia and holds her gaze.
166) 1) dialog: Kam. Kapsi. Schta.
167) 0) text: John walks without looking back. He turns to see Nadia is behind him. As they round the corner, she hands him a cas They walk side by side without speaking. Both look forward, straight-faced, as it both are thinkin about what it is that they are actually doing. John looks back once, but he keeps walking. He looks across at Nadia but she doesn't look back. They stop opposite the automatic boarding doors. Nadia tu to John.
167) 2) dialog: Sophia. Hello Sophia. Mine's still  John.
167) 4) text: The doors slide open. John and Sophia walk through, and  disappear. SFX. The roar of Jet engines.
169) 4) text: She runs past us and we follow to see a couple sitting on the grass having a picnic. The girl hurries towards them and we realise the couple a John and Sophia, the girl her child. She sits down with t