68) 4) dialog: You must be John. You seem very nice.  Excuse me.
68) 5) text: In Russian, the first man introduces Nadia to the other m who is relighting the candles with a Zippo. It seems they haven't met before. The first man, Yuri, pulls out a bottle of vodka and hand it to John.
68) 6) dialog: How's that? We can't drink our piss  can we?
68) 8) dialog: You must find some glasses, small,  for the toast, and some plates.
68) 10) text: Yuri stops.
68) 11) dialog: Sorry. You've lost me...
68) 13) dialog: What?
68) 14) text: Yuri speaks to Nadia in fast Russian.
68) 15) dialog: (to John) You don't speak Russian? Pratsteetye!  This explains your cold eyes.
68) 16) text: Nadia begins gabbling to Yuri in Russian. Yuri says the  English word -- "Friends".
68) 19) dialog: (himself) Yuri. (Rasputin) Alexei. Alexei and Yuri.
68) 22) dialog: He says he feels safe here.
68) 23) text: Nadia talks fast to Yuri.
68) 24) dialog: She says she wanted to tell you but  her English is shit. And no one speaks  Russian, it's very hard for her. The  light please.
68) 25) text: Alexei turns off the light again. Nadia blows out her can They are plunged back into darkness. John turns the light again. Yuri is already sitting down.
68) 27) dialog: Oh. (Yuri stands) We are Russian.
68) 29) dialog: Good. (he sits down)
68) 31) dialog: And what? You mean from the beginning?  Jesus. Can I uh okay, as we say in  Russia can I cut a long story short.  Okay. Nadia is my little cousin.  Except she's not. But we say cousin.  This is for you.
68) 34) dialog: Toast first then we talk seriously,  I can see you are serious about us.
68) 35) text: Vodka is splashed into their glasses. Yuri raises his gla and shouts a toast in Russian: "Vashe Zdarovye!". They do their vodka, John sips at his, then realises he must fini it. Yuri makes as if to throw his in the fireplace.
68) 36) dialog: Just kidding.
68) 37) text: Sausages, cheese, bread and pickle bottles rain onto the  table from Yuri's rucksack.
68) 39) dialog: (shaking his head) Of course not. Alexei, he's is my  problem.
68) 41) dialog: We better watch him. He's crazy.
68) 43) dialog: I am actor, he is actor, although he  is an actor stroke musician. I just  noodle along, I'm not so good. He  makes me look like a retard -- He  smokes me. I don't mean he smokes  me.
68) 44) text: Yuri mimes giving a blow-job.
68) 45) dialog: I mean he smokes me. Do you say  "smoke" in U.K.?
68) 48) dialog: Right. So I can say he smokes me.  So.
68) 51) dialog: So I come to England with other actors  to make shows, I meet this freak  from Novgorod I tell him of you and  Chicken and the birthday here we  are.
68) 52) text: Yuri speaks to Nadia in Russian, she replies looking at J
68) 54) dialog: I asked her if you were happy to see  us. I find it hard to tell with you.
68) 57) dialog: She says you are a little shy. I  think I know this.
68) 60) dialog: Plans are for the architects,  politicians and so forth.
68) 62) dialog: You're asking for my documents?
68) 64) text: Yuri laughs, translates for Alexei and they both get a bi laugh out of this. Yuri gets his passport out and makes a big show of presenting it to John. But John keeps glancin at the marks on Nadia's wrists. We see a close up of her  neck. There is the tiniest blood mark. John sees it and s to sweat.
68) 65) dialog: We are all Europeans here. Europe,  Tony Blair and Maggie Thatcher!
68) 66) text: Yuri raises his glass and they all drink to Tony Blair an Margaret Thatcher. John drinks his vodka in two hot gulps
68) 67) dialog: So. You have nothing to say to your  Fiancee? Maybe to wife of forty years  it's understandable. Come on. You  speak and I will translate.
68) 70) text: Yuri translates -- She replies.
68) 71) dialog: She says 'Hello' to you. Go for it  John!
68) 73) dialog: Classic! (he translates) Thank God. She says 'Yes!'
68) 76) text: They all wait. Yuri nods encouragingly.
68) 78) text: Nadia speaks in Russian to Yuri.
68) 79) dialog: She says she has a secret to tell.
68) 82) dialog: She says she watched you at the  airport.
68) 85) dialog: (translating) "I saw you waiting there, by the  gate."
68) 87) dialog: "I have these uh..." She explains to  you... "When I was a little girl my  father had these beautiful old  glasses." Like... I don't know the  word. Like for watching uh... for  watching the birds.
68) 90) dialog: Binoculars. He had these Binoculars  he has kept from the war.
69) 1) dialog: I would run around with them taking  pictures of things I liked with my  mind. If I saw something beautiful I  would take a picture.
70) 0) text: Yuri translates.
70) 1) dialog: The day before I left Russia my father  gave me the old binoculars. He said  that when I saw you I was to stand  far away and look at you with these,  and to examine your face closely.  And if you were a bad person I could  run away.
70) 3) dialog: She says she took a picture.
70) 4) text: John watches Nadia looking at the table. She glances up o and catches his eye. Alexei suddenly slams his hand down on the table. He rais his palm. There is an ant squashed there. He shows Yuri.
71) 2) dialog: Oh nothing.
71) 4) dialog: No. It is too judgmental.
71) 6) dialog: He says why did you send to Russia  for a wife.
71) 8) dialog: You are not ashamed of it? It's no  surprise to want to love.
71) 10) dialog: Do you believe in love?
71) 12) dialog: It's very strange. How many people  are truly themselves with their love?  It is the greatest human disaster  and it is never in the newspapers.  There are no Marches Against  Heartache, no Ministries Against  Loneliness, no Concerts Against  Disappointment. We look away. And  still we know in secret that nothing  is more important to us. The one  thing we all share but don't say.  Look John I will show you something.
71) 14) dialog: Here look, something beautiful from  Russia. Here is Life, there, take  it.
71) 16) dialog: Here is bread. Khylep. This is work.  We all need this, here eat.
71) 18) dialog: Good. But we cannot survive with  just work, so here is meat and blood.  Myasa. This is family and country,  flesh, strength, eat.
71) 20) dialog: But again this is not life. Here is  joy and pain. Chyesnok. Without these  life has no flavour, is too serious.  Eat.
71) 22) dialog: But this vodka. (pause) Is love. Only this magic changes you  inside. The moon and the stars and  the sun.
71) 23) text: Yuri offers John the glass. He looks at Nadia, takes it a swigs it down in one. He looks across at Nadia, wiping hi mouth, his eyes watering. She looks back at him. Alexei begins softly singing a song. As he sings:
71) 24) dialog: This is a love song, a soldier's  song to his beloved -- Alexei, he's  Afghanstya, a veteran of Afghanistan.  He saw terrible things.
71) 25) text: They listen to the beautiful, sad voice. For the second v Yuri joins in, a slow stirring lament. For the end Nadia  joins in too and the three of them begin harmonising  beautifully. John watches in the candlelight. John, Nadia and Alexei pose with the cake. Nadia puts her arm round John and Alexei. With a FLASH! Yuri takes a  Polaroid. The guitar theme returns as we see the Polaroid on the ta in close up, developing speeded up. John comes into focus beaming.
72) 0) text: We track across the sleeping faces of Yuri and Alexei tuc into their sleeping bags with guitar cases for pillows. J switches the light off and closes the door.
77) 3) dialog: (calls) John. We can see you hiding.
77) 5) dialog: How is bank?
77) 7) dialog: To be indoors on such a day. It's  crime.
77) 8) text: Nadia stops knitting and takes her shirt off and stretche back to sunbathe in her black bra. Alexei takes the knife has just finished cleaning and holds the cold wide blade  flat above Nadia's bare stomach. Just before pressing it  down he looks across at John. Nadia yelps and sits up. Th laugh, and Yuri joins in. John laughs uneasily. Alexei notices marks on Nadia's midriff. He asks her abou them in Russian. John goes white, unable to understand Nadia's explanation He has no idea what she told him.
78) 2) text: John begins to swim toward Alexei. Just as he gets near,  Alexei lets Nadia surface, coughing and spluttering -- sh shouts at Alexei in Russian, angry. Alexei makes for her again but she pushes him away, twice almost slapping him. She is very uncomfortable. She swims away. Yuri admonishes his friend in Russian. Alexei stares at J then swims off powerfully back towards the shore.
78) 3) dialog: He's just having fun. He's maybe too  strong you know...
80) 1) dialog: I understand. I'm so sorry
80) 3) dialog: I have brought you trouble. Maybe I  should have come alone.
84) 0) text: He pads downstairs in his pants, picks up his mail from t doormat and peers into the living room. The sleeping bags and guitar cases have gone. About to peruse his mail, his eye is caught by something else. There is a small wild deer standing in the living room.  Looking at him. John stares back at it transfixed, when h hears a scream. The deer starts and bolts out of the pati doors. John is thrown. It was a woman's scream. He goes b out and looks down the hall. Twenty feet away, down the hall, is Yuri, sitting on the  kitchen floor, his back to the cooker. He's crying.
84) 1) dialog: John. You must call the Police.
85) 2) text: Alexei shouts at Yuri in Russian.
85) 3) dialog: John, I'm sorry. It's my fault.
85) 7) dialog: He says sit down. Or he'll cut her.
85) 8) text: Alexei and Yuri shout at each other. Nadia begins crying.
85) 9) dialog: Sit down please.
85) 14) dialog: John.
85) 16) text: Yuri translates -- Alexei replies.
85) 17) dialog: He says you scare him so much he  must go to the toilet in his trousers.  John, he is a soldier. A trained  killer. We must do what he says.
85) 21) dialog: He says you are very sad ridiculous  man. I don't agree of course. And  that you must pay someone to have  sex like a prostitute. Nadia is a  prostitute. I'm sorry.
85) 23) dialog: He wants money.
85) 25) text: Yuri translates this for Alexei. Alexei has a reply.
85) 26) dialog: He wants a lot of money.
85) 28) dialog: He wants the money from your bank.
85) 30) dialog: You don't understand. He wants all  the money that is in your bank.
85) 34) dialog: He is sure you can do this. Of course  you can not.
85) 38) dialog: I'm so sorry.
86) 0) text: John drives grim-faced through the morning rain. Yuri is  next to him staring ahead at the road. Alexei is in the b with Nadia who is still bound and gagged. He's holding hi knife to her ribs.
101) 0) text: Running flat out across the car park. Yuri throws open th car door and John hurls the guitar cases inside. He dives in, turns the key in the ignition. The Rover coughs and  wheezes. He tries again. It spits and misfires. The third time it catches and lives. John grinds the gears and lurc off.
103) 1) text: Alexei opens one of the cases and looks inside. He takes deep breath and swears in Russian. He shows what is in the case to Nadia. Her eyes widen. Alexei gently lowers the gag and kisses her on the mouth. She returns the kiss hungrily. John spots them in the mirror and nearly crashes the car. He looks desperately across at Yuri. Yuri is now pointing the big knife at John's ribs. The Russian shrugs almost  apologetically. In the back seat Nadia has freed herself and is beginning pull at Alexei's clothes. They begin making out passionat John's eyes slowly lose focus. He turns grey, then white. drives and we watch the life seep out of him.
105) 0) text: A crusty motel chalet. Yuri and Alexei are sitting on a d bed counting the money. The T.V. is on in the corner with the sound turned down and there are empty miniatures from the mini-bar scattered around. Nadia appears from the kitchenette area. They all seem mo relaxed, more themselves, as if what we've seen before wa an act. For the first time in the film their conversation appears as English subtitles.
105) 4) dialog: Fifty thousand. Almost exactly.
105) 8) dialog: Sweet Jesus...
105) 11) dialog: What for?
105) 13) dialog: No I don't.
105) 15) dialog: I've been buying you stuff all week.  I've been buying him stuff all week.
105) 18) dialog: When we went to the Hard Rock Cafe.  Who paid? When we went to see 'Cats'.  Who paid?
105) 20) dialog: I paid for those guitar cases.
105) 22) dialog: It was alright.
105) 24) dialog: Yeah. It was quite good actually.  Some bits I really liked.
105) 26) dialog: The sets were excellent. Everything  was big, you know, all the rubbish,  coke cans, sweet wrappers, dustbins,  so when you were watching it you  felt cat size. It was really clever.
105) 27) text: Yuri goes into the bathroom, leaving Nadia and Alexei alo on the bed. Alexei runs his hand across Nadia's cheek.
106) 0) text: Yuri in the bathroom, he undoes his flies pees. At the ot end of the bathroom, tied to the bidet, gagged, is John.
106) 1) dialog: How you doing?
106) 2) text: John refuses to meet his eye. Yuri flushes and wipes his  hands.
106) 3) dialog: I'll show you something. It should  make all this easier I think.
106) 4) text: From his back pocket, Yuri takes out an old envelope. He  opens it and removes a dozen or so Polaroids. John looks down at the first Polaroid. Nadia, Alexei and man John doesn't recognise at a birthday party. There is cake with candles and everyone is smiling. The next pictu is the same. And the next. Sometimes Germany, sometimes France, but otherwise the  pictures are the same, each 'fiancee' beaming with his ar round Nadia, Alexei looking on. John studies the faces of his fellow dupes and at last co to his own picture. Despite himself tears come to his eye
106) 5) dialog: Not all these bastards were like  you, believe me. You should not too  feel bad.
106) 6) text: Yuri takes John's left hand and pulls off Nadia's ring. H puts it in his pocket.
148) 0) text: In the room, Yuri pops his head round the door and says  something to Alexei. Alexei says he's coming. He kisses Nadia again and leaves Nadia is alone. She looks very sad and confused. She move towards the window and stares out into the blackness.
152) 2) text: John ducks down, panting, swallowing hard. At once he spr up and skirts the building again. He finds a window to th next suite. He tries to force it open. Suddenly Yuri's face appears i the window, cupped by his hands peering out into the  blackness. John drops down holds his breath. John scrambles back to the previous window. With real eff he presses it open. He pulls himself up and drops inside.
158) 0) text: Whistling, Yuri comes out of his suite, knocks briskly on the door of Alexei's and enters. We walk with him down th hallway into the bedroom to find Alexei, heartbroken, tie and bound to a desk chair. Yuri murmurs something in Russian.
159) 2) text: John finishes tying up Yuri, and removes his passport fro his jacket. Behind Nadia another plane arcs up into the n sky. He takes Alexei's passport from his pocket, but Alexei is only watching Nadia.
164) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT on the photo of Yuri in his passport. The Aeroflot desk official holds the passport and studies John. With his four day beard there is a resemblance, but it's far from perfect.