11) 0) text: HALLEY is seated with a CASE WORKER (female, 30’s). Moone messing around with another LITTLE KID (4) while the adul talk.
11) 2) dialog: Okay, well... this will affect your TANF.
11) 4) dialog: Okay, you need to make a concerted effort to find at least thirty hours.
11) 6) dialog: You can cover those up, Halley. Halley is thrown off for a second. She then realizes the worker is referring to her tattoos.
11) 8) dialog: I get it. But you’ve got to give benefits three job contacts a week or you'll be considered non- compliant. (reading file) And no child support. Halley just shakes her head. CASE WORKER (CONT’D) When is he getting out? Halley shakes her head again.
143) 0) text: Moonee shows Jancey a rainbow. EXT./INT. MAGIC CASTLE - LOBBY — DAY From inside the lobby looking outside... Moonee and Jancey are sitting in the same chair together. Outside, a car drives by. In the back office, the elevator monitor shows two individuals at Room 323 (CASE WORKER, seen earlier and a INVESTIGATOR). This grabs Bobby’s attention. He leaves th office and passes by Amber. 84.
144) 11) dialog: You're getting into fights? Bobby notices Moonee and Jancey inching closer and goes b to stop them.
146) 2) dialog: So...
146) 4) dialog: So will you take a drug test for
146) 7) dialog: Refuse the test and start flushing your system.
148) 0) text: The case worker continues to speak with Halley.
148) 1) dialog: Okay, well then, DCF has opened an investigation. She’s going to be collecting evidence based on the accusations. She could be back here by the end of the week. Hopefully there is nothing to find. You understand? Halley just stares. CASE WORKER (CONT’D) Now, I have to warn you. Staying unemotional when they return is in your best interest. You do what you did today and your actions will be considered detrimental to Moonee. This will not help your case in any way. You understand? Halley's eyebrows raise -- the ultimate sarcastic, belligerent expression that has “you can go fuck yourself written all over it.
158) 0) text: Halley and Moonee come back from breakfast and walk by tw police cars in the parking lot. 91. The Case Worker, DCF Investigator, a DCF WORKER and Bobby accompanied by a DCF SUPERVISOR and TWO SHERIFFS. Halley and Moonee make it to their room. Halley pushes pa everyone and opens her room. She turns around and faces everyone.
158) 2) dialog: Halley, these DCF officers are here in regards to Moonee.
159) 2) dialog: It‘ll only be temporary.
159) 4) dialog: That just means for a little bit of time, can we do that? There will be lots and lots of toys, okay?
161) 2) dialog: We don’t call it a goodbye but you can give your friend a hug. And you'll see them soon. I’1l check to see if that’s okay. The case worker peers back into the room. CASE WORKER (CONT’D) She wants to say bye to her friend.
163) 0) text: Moonee is escorted down to Room 223 by the case worker. T knock on the door. Ashley answers.
165) 0) text: Halley is packing Moonee’s clothes in a small bag. She ta one of the photo booth strips (of Halley and Moonee) off mirror and puts it in the bag. The case worker comes back into the room.
165) 1) dialog: Halley, we need you. She’s being very emotional right now.
172) 2) dialog: (pointing) That way!
172) 5) dialog: (winded) Moonee ran away. We think she went to see her friend at FutureLand.
172) 7) dialog: Please Halley...