144) 9) dialog: Ma’am, we received a call and it doesn’t matter from who--
146) 0) text: The DCF Investigator is outside with Bobby and Moonee. We them through the glass doors. Amber sits in the backgroun Halley is sitting on Moonee’s chair in the lobby. She is calming down.
147) 1) dialog: (to Moonee) Want to come out here and talk with me, Moonee? Moonee just shakes her head. 87. DCF INVESTIGATOR (CONT’D) (to Bobby) Are you aware of any possible neglect of this child? The child being left unattended, going hungry, being in the room while the mother is engaging in illegal activity. Bobby thinks for a moment.
147) 3) dialog: Can you tell me the kinds of stuff you do each day, Moonee? Silence. DCF INVESTIGATOR (CONT’D) You ever swim in the pool?
151) 0) text: Bobby, Narek and the DCF Investigator are crammed in the office.
151) 3) dialog: Thank you.
158) 0) text: Halley and Moonee come back from breakfast and walk by tw police cars in the parking lot. 91. The Case Worker, DCF Investigator, a DCF WORKER and Bobby accompanied by a DCF SUPERVISOR and TWO SHERIFFS. Halley and Moonee make it to their room. Halley pushes pa everyone and opens her room. She turns around and faces everyone.
158) 5) dialog: Halley?
158) 7) dialog: We have security footage that shows nine different men entering and exiting your room over the last three weeks.
158) 9) dialog: We've also obtained an online classified ad soliciting costumers for sexual activities with your phone number attached. Halley takes a moment to make eye contact with each perso 92.
160) 1) dialog: .+-but luckily we have a family in Polk County that can take her for the entire course of the investigation. Halley remains calm and collected. Bobby watches silently
162) 2) dialog: My colleague will take Moonee downstairs to say goodbye. In the meantime, it'd be great if you could pack her a bag, also maybe a favorite doll or toy. Halley silently complies.
166) 4) dialog: We have to go. We can’t go over there right now. You’ll be seeing your friends soon.
167) 2) dialog: Halley, calm down.
167) 4) dialog: Hey!