0) 0) text: MOONEE (6) and SCOOTY (7) are outside The Magic Castle Mo purple and run-down. The kids sit against the wall in the shade of an alcove under the stairs outside the main offi The two take turns playing a game on a phone. They hear a small boy, DICKY (7), calling from the distan
0) 1) dialog: Moonee! Scooty!!
0) 3) dialog: Mooneeeeeeeeee! Dicky makes his way to the enclave moving fast.
0) 8) dialog: Freshies at The Future! Moonee and Scooty are enthralled.
1) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Dicky make their way to the end of the motel’s driveway. PAN RIGHT to follow them and reveal Rou 192 in full. The kids run to the adjacent property -- FUTURELAND INN (located a block West from The Magic Castle).
2) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Dicky arrive at the entrance to FutureLand. Scuffed-up retro-futuristic rockets adorn the weather-dam sign in front, its logo embedded within a constellation. faded ‘Stay in the future... today!’ sign dangles below i Moonee/Scooty/Dicky run off the sidewalk and onto the law the shanty motel. They peer around a dirty wall. Their eyes widen.
2) 1) dialog: That one. The blue one. The kids run upstairs to the second floor and look toward ground halfway down the walkway. They begin spitting downward.
2) 2) dialog: I can get it farther than you, Moonee.
2) 6) dialog: Go home, you rachet bitch!
3) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Dicky race to the other side of Future and down the stairs. They run onto the parking lot.
17) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty approach Dicky’s room on the first floo FutureLand. Dicky’s Dad is lounging outside as usual.
40) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Jancey/Dicky run onto the second floor balc and perch over the castle battlement to look down at the area -- Gloria sunbathes topless. The kids giggle as they spy on chanting “Boobies, boobies, boobies!” Bobby eventually saunters into the pool area.
41) 0) text: On the driveway of The Magic Castle, Jancey and Dicky are walking home. Moonee and Scooty slip into the lobby.
41) 1) dialog: I better get home before I get grounded again. 27. PATRICE (30's), the Magic Castle night manager, rolls up steps out of his BEAT-UP CAR.
60) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Jancey and other kids watch as Dicky and hi Dad move out. Their old station wagon is packed to the br Dicky’s Dad throws some stuff in to the dumpster and give toys away to Moonee, Jancey, Scooty and the rest. DICKY’S DAD Dicky, wanna say bye to your room? Dicky shakes his head, he doesn’t look happy that his 99- store knock-off Woody and Buzz toys are being given away. 37. DICKY’S DAD (CONT’D) I told you, New Orleans, new toys. There’s not an extra inch in this thing. Let’s get rolling. Dicky walks over to his friends.
60) 2) dialog: Well, see ya around, I guess. The kids hug and fist-bump him good-bye. Moonee seems indifferent. She’s been through this before. Never good t get too emotional over anyone. Like her mom taught her. Dicky’s father gives the kids a cardboard box of remainin toys and bric-a-brac. The kids wave and watch as the car leaves the driveway.