10) 0) text: Halley and ten other RESIDENTS of The Magic Castle are socializing, drinking and smoking on the balcony. Halley is hanging with her best friend and Scooty's mom, ASHLEY (23) on the stairs outside Room 341 where music is blasting. Some of the rooms’ doors are open and some clos GLORIA (60’s) struts over.
10) 1) dialog: Hey! Listen up, motherfuckers. You have one of two choices. You can all keep it down OR... you can get a lady a beer. Gloria sits down and joins the crowd and pops open a beer which spills all over her.
29) 0) text: The electricity is shut off across entire motel. Bobby exits the lobby door. He’s pissed. WIDE SHOT, LONG TAKE of the entire East wing of the motel This allows us to see many of the motel’s residents filte out of their rooms in anger. (Gloria, RICO the Pool Guy, CUBBY, Haley, Ashley + Troy + 30 BACKGROUND) 19. Bobby continues to walk rapidly toward the back of the building trying to defuse the situation. We see Moonee, Scooty and Jancey hastily enter room 323. We hold on the complaining residents. A few take the opportunity to chill out and light up.
32) 0) text: Amber is behind the counter trying to calm down THREE ANN RESIDENTS, one of them is Gloria.
32) 1) dialog: Totally unacceptable! I pay good fuckin’ money for my room and that includes A.C.-- ya know what I mean by A.C.? A Cunt. As in you are a cunt! Bobby enters the lobby. He’s pissed. He beelines to the b office.
40) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Jancey/Dicky run onto the second floor balc and perch over the castle battlement to look down at the area -- Gloria sunbathes topless. The kids giggle as they spy on chanting “Boobies, boobies, boobies!” Bobby eventually saunters into the pool area.
40) 3) dialog: Kids are in school, honey.
40) 5) dialog: Are you kidding me? She stands up, revealing her chest in all its glory.
40) 6) dialog: You gonna stand there and give me shit about these? Are these making you uncomfortable, Bobby?
79) 0) text: Gloria is smoking outside the front lobby as Bobby walks
79) 2) dialog: For you? Why not. Bobby lights up. Bobby sits down as Gloria stares at the remaining smoke fading into the red sky.
79) 3) dialog: Could’ve been arson. Bobby shrugs, looks down.
79) 4) dialog: They were so fucking ugly I was thinking of burning them down!