2) 9) dialog: Gramma, he spit on me.
6) 0) text: Grandma Stacy, Jancey and Luci burst into the lobby. A ti looking AMBER (40's, day clerk) looks up.
9) 0) text: The entire party (Halley/Moonee, Scooty, Grandma Stacy/Jancey/Luci) make their way over to FutureLand Inn.
9) 13) dialog: Jancey.
9) 16) dialog: Yeah?
9) 22) dialog: I’m cleanin’ up!
18) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty knock on Jancey’s door. answers.
18) 8) dialog: I wanna play.
19) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Jancey walk past the front of Magic Castle headed West.
19) 1) dialog: Don’t you live there?
19) 3) dialog: My grandma said no further than here.
20) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Jancey walk by a gift shop on Route 19 that has a large Wizard sculpture over it. 16.
20) 1) dialog: You think we’re going too far?
22) 0) text: The three kids walk past a thrift store. Jancey looks ahe and smiles.
23) 2) dialog: Really?
25) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Jancey walk by a group of HOMELESS liv in boxes outside a boarded-up Medical Center.
26) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Jancey share a cone as they approach t Magic Castle. Moonee pops the last bite in her mouth, the stops herself. Moonee passes the last piece to Jancey.
27) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty continue to give Jancey their tour into grounds of The Magic Castle. They stop and point at every door. The sequence will play as if we are condensing a documented tour with jump cuts between every line of dialogue.
29) 0) text: The electricity is shut off across entire motel. Bobby exits the lobby door. He’s pissed. WIDE SHOT, LONG TAKE of the entire East wing of the motel This allows us to see many of the motel’s residents filte out of their rooms in anger. (Gloria, RICO the Pool Guy, CUBBY, Haley, Ashley + Troy + 30 BACKGROUND) 19. Bobby continues to walk rapidly toward the back of the building trying to defuse the situation. We see Moonee, Scooty and Jancey hastily enter room 323. We hold on the complaining residents. A few take the opportunity to chill out and light up.
35) 0) text: Halley is sitting on the bed smoking a blunt. Huddled nex her are Moonee, Scooty and Jancey. They are playing a gam the iPad. A LOUD KNOCK at the door. The kids look at each other. 21.
35) 8) dialog: They told me that I could be part of the club if I did it. Halley laughs -- causing Moonee and Scooty to laugh.
35) 28) dialog: I have fourteen cents.
35) 32) dialog: I think I want to go home now.
40) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Jancey/Dicky run onto the second floor balc and perch over the castle battlement to look down at the area -- Gloria sunbathes topless. The kids giggle as they spy on chanting “Boobies, boobies, boobies!” Bobby eventually saunters into the pool area.
41) 0) text: On the driveway of The Magic Castle, Jancey and Dicky are walking home. Moonee and Scooty slip into the lobby.
59) 0) text: Narek and Bobby walk and talk, passing RESIDENTS and CURI KIDS. Moonee, Scooty and Jancey watch the adults from the stairs. Scooty is playing with the lighter. Narek points to the bikes locked onto the railings on the second and t floors.
60) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Jancey and other kids watch as Dicky and hi Dad move out. Their old station wagon is packed to the br Dicky’s Dad throws some stuff in to the dumpster and give toys away to Moonee, Jancey, Scooty and the rest. DICKY’S DAD Dicky, wanna say bye to your room? Dicky shakes his head, he doesn’t look happy that his 99- store knock-off Woody and Buzz toys are being given away. 37. DICKY’S DAD (CONT’D) I told you, New Orleans, new toys. There’s not an extra inch in this thing. Let’s get rolling. Dicky walks over to his friends.
61) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Jancey split an ice cream outside the Twistee Treat. Moonee holds the cone and passes it to her friends.
65) 0) text: Moonee/Jancey/Scooty/Mia/Jazlyn/Other Kids play in the playground. Two dogs, BUNSEN and BOONEE, frolic with the kids.
68) 0) text: A quarter of a mile up Route 192 is a fenced-off set of pastel-colored condos, weather-damaged and abandoned. Moonee, Scooty and Jancey ignore the “Private Property: D Not Enter” sign. Jancey looks concerned.
68) 3) dialog: Ghosts?! They run around the exteriors of the dilapidated condos.
69) 2) dialog: Can I come over and play?
69) 5) dialog: I never lived in a house that had a fireplace.
69) 7) dialog: You do?
70) 0) text: Moonee and Jancey watch as Scooty gets his lighter to spa
71) 0) text: Moonee, Jancey and Scooty run down the side of Route 192 the lawn of FutureLand.
71) 4) dialog: (screaming) Okay!
71) 8) dialog: 
81) 0) text: Moonee and Jancey run into the office and hide under the desk. They are forced to be very close to one another... to Bobby’s feet.
81) 4) dialog: Bobby, you should probably buy some Dr. Scholls or talcum powder. Scooty runs in.
82) 0) text: Jancey is counting on the bottom of the front stairs. Scooty and Moonee run up the stairs to hide and run into livid Ashley. Ashley grabs Scooty and drags him away. 47.
88) 0) text: Moonee and Jancey approach Waffle Home. Moonee motions fo Ashley to meet them out back in a humorous way. Ashley asks a CO-WORKER to help her with an order and goe the door.
90) 0) text: Haley, Moonee and Jancey walking down Magic Castle drivew
91) 0) text: Halley is hitchhiking. Moonee and Jancey stand next to he Jancey seems a bit confused why they’re on the side of th road so close to oncoming traffic.
92) 0) text: The DRIVER, a clean-cut man in his upper 20’s who is clea on his way to work at Magic Kingdom looks in his rear vie mirror, having second thoughts if picking up these three a good idea. 51. Halley leans over and changes the radio from a local stat playing a 1982 EPCOT Center instrumental track to a rap station. Halley is very excited to hear “BOSS ASS BITCH”. Halley begins to rap along with it. Moonee joins in. Eventually, Jancey joins as well on the most explicit lyr
94) 2) dialog: Where are we going?
95) 1) dialog: But why are we in the middle of nowhere in the night?
95) 5) dialog: Wow! Jancey blows out a candle on a cupcake.
95) 7) dialog: Of course! The finale is spectacular, it’s cacophony of lights, soun and colors bouncing off Jancey and Moonee’s pie-eyed face
110) 0) text: Halley and Moonee approach the motel. INT. FUTURELAND INN - JANCEY’S ROOM - NIGHT Big sleepover with Grandma Stacy/Jancey/Luci/Halley/Moone Much has changed in this room. Grandma Stacy has complete moved her family in, feels more lived-in than Halley’s ro
110) 5) dialog: Gramma, if you’ll be in the one bed with Luci then can I be in the other with Moonee and her mom? 64.
110) 12) dialog: Gramma, can they sleep here every night?
110) 14) dialog: This is gonna be the bestest funnest sleepover ever.
112) 0) text: Moonee, Jancey and Cubby (now with 2 casts on his arms) a playing on the dilapidated swingset. Two dogs, BUNSEN and BOONEE, frolic with the kids. A SUSPICIOUS MAN (70's) approaches.
117) 0) text: Moonee and Jancey sit under a giant uprooted tree. They a eating the jelly and bread.
117) 1) dialog: This is the best jelly I ever eated.
117) 3) dialog: Yeah.
117) 5) dialog: Yeah.
117) 7) dialog: This is a cool place for our new club to have for a meeting spot.
117) 9) dialog: Why?
136) 0) text: Moonee and Jancey play in a field behind Route 192. It be to rain. They sit under a tree and wait it out.
136) 1) dialog: Moonee, why did you take me on this adventure?
136) 3) dialog: Well I hope there’s another rainbow after it stops so we can still catch that leprechaun. The rain stops. The girls walk out onto the field. No rainbow. Cattle and horses pass by.
137) 0) text: Moonee and Jancey are walking back, still wet from the ra Jancey is no longer upset to be wet. INT. JOHN’S CAR - ROUTE 192 - DAY (TRAVELLING) While driving along Route 192, John spots Moonee and Janc walking on the side of the road. He pulls over abruptly, startling his JOHN WIFE (39) in t passenger seat and his two JOHN KIDS in the back seat. He parks on the shoulder and jumps out of the car.
138) 0) text: The John catches up to Moonee and Jancey on the side of t road.
141) 0) text: Moonee and Jancey wait out the rain.
143) 0) text: Moonee shows Jancey a rainbow. EXT./INT. MAGIC CASTLE - LOBBY — DAY From inside the lobby looking outside... Moonee and Jancey are sitting in the same chair together. Outside, a car drives by. In the back office, the elevator monitor shows two individuals at Room 323 (CASE WORKER, seen earlier and a INVESTIGATOR). This grabs Bobby’s attention. He leaves th office and passes by Amber. 84.
144) 0) text: Jancey and Moonee come out, trailing after Bobby. They fo him down the entire walkway. Bobby turns around and sees kids following him.
144) 3) dialog: This guy is coo-coo crazy. The kids continue to follow him. Bobby turns the corner, near the elevator and walks swift up the stairs. He walks onto the third floor walkway. Over his shoulder commotion at Room 323.
144) 5) dialog: (to Moonee) They’re at your room. The camera stays with the kids as the commotion continues down the walkway. We hear shouting from the distance.
144) 15) dialog: Yes, Bobby. Bye, Moonee.
145) 0) text: We follow Jancey as she walks home alone. She looks back her shoulder a couple of times from the end of the drivew
173) 0) text: Moonee runs down the sidewalk next to Route 192, passing familiar sites (Orange World, Wizard Gift Shop, Twistee Treat, Burned-Down Condos, etc.) EXT. FUTURELAND INN - JANCEY’S ROOM - DAY Moonee makes it to Jancey’s room in one piece. She pounds the door. Jancey answers the door. Moonee is winded.
173) 2) dialog: Hi, Moonee. 98. Moonee doesn’t speak. She is holding back tears. Police sirens are heard in the distance. Jancey is confused. INT. FUTURELAND INN - JANCEY’S ROOM - DAY Inside, Grandma Stacy tends to a spill from little Luci i the back of the room. EXT. FUTURELAND INN - JANCEY’S ROOM - DAY
173) 3) dialog: Moonee, what’s wrong?
173) 5) dialog: You're scaring me.
173) 7) dialog: What’s going on? Moonee? Jancey is scared. Moonee is frantic. She can no longer ho back the tears.
175) 0) text: Jancey leads Moonee on a mad dash across Route 192. 99.
177) 0) text: Jancey leads Moonee off the beaten path, eventually towar phone line in the shape of a certain mouse. Jancey and Moonee make their way to Route 535 and then Ro I4 leading to the Magic Kingdom.
178) 0) text: Jancey continues to lead Moonee toward the entrance sign the THEME PARK property at an even faster pace.
179) 0) text: Jancey encourages Moonee to hurry up and follow her towar big parking lot entrance gate. A MONORAIL whizzes by overhead.
180) 0) text: Jancey and Moonee’s little torn-up sneakers run past hund of tourists’ legs, park maps and deflated balloons on the asphalt of the park’s “Main Street USA”. Moonee’s feet pick up speed. She hops over a spilled MOUS SHAPED ICE CREAM BAR. Her feet leap out of frame.
181) 0) text: Jancey and Moonee sprint faster than ever... Weaving through TOURISTS... through CAST MEMBERS... They race toward a perfect enchanted storybook CASTLE, glimmering in the sun against a dreamlike sky.