0) 0) text: MOONEE (6) and SCOOTY (7) are outside The Magic Castle Mo purple and run-down. The kids sit against the wall in the shade of an alcove under the stairs outside the main offi The two take turns playing a game on a phone. They hear a small boy, DICKY (7), calling from the distan
0) 9) dialog: Freshies at The Future!!! They jump up and exit frame. We hold on the purple wall. “Celebration” by Kool & the Gang blasts over the OPENING TITLES that play out as we continue to hold on the wall.
1) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Dicky make their way to the end of the motel’s driveway. PAN RIGHT to follow them and reveal Rou 192 in full. The kids run to the adjacent property -- FUTURELAND INN (located a block West from The Magic Castle).
2) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Dicky arrive at the entrance to FutureLand. Scuffed-up retro-futuristic rockets adorn the weather-dam sign in front, its logo embedded within a constellation. faded ‘Stay in the future... today!’ sign dangles below i Moonee/Scooty/Dicky run off the sidewalk and onto the law the shanty motel. They peer around a dirty wall. Their eyes widen.
2) 4) dialog: Yeah but I bet none of you can get it on the top! EXT. FUTURELAND INN - JANCEY’S ROOM - DAY GRANDMA STACY (younger than your average Grandma) steps o onto the walkway. She lights a cigarette, taking in her n environment. She looks to her left where a YOUNG MAN and PITBULL are lounging down the walkway. She nods to him. She continues to smoke. Something grabs her attention. Sh approaches her blue 90's Toyota Corolla to see a spit-cov windshield. A gob of spit shoots down onto it from above. looks to the upper floor.
2) 7) dialog: You ain’t shit, jit!
3) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Dicky race to the other side of Future and down the stairs. They run onto the parking lot.
4) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty return to their home motel and run up t stairs to the third floor. WIDE on the two little kids as they walk down the entire length of the motel toward the elevator/stairwell in the (this is the first big reveal of the geography of The Mag Castle grounds). They reach Moonee’s home -- Room 323.
5) 0) text: Moonee slides the window open from the outside, sticks he right arm in through the curtain and opens the door. HALLEY (22) is in pajamas and lying on the bed, smoking a watching “The Price is Right” on an old 19-inch tube television. Moonee and Scooty enter the room through the window, jump the bed and hop over Halley.
7) 5) dialog: Nothin’. 6. Halley gets up off the bed. She drops her cigarette in he Mountain Dew can. Bobby begins speaking before the door swings all the way back open.
7) 11) dialog: (from under the bed) It’s Scooty, not Scoot! Halley almost laughs.
8) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty approach BERTHA (40's) who is folding laund
8) 2) dialog: Toalla de papel.
9) 0) text: The entire party (Halley/Moonee, Scooty, Grandma Stacy/Jancey/Luci) make their way over to FutureLand Inn.
9) 14) dialog: What kind of a name is Jancey?!
9) 17) text: It sure would be a whole lot easier if we had someone else to help us. Scooty catches onto Moonee’s plan.
9) 18) dialog: It sure would.
9) 20) dialog: They would get an award and it would say ‘the bestest ever!’ Jancey grabs a paper towel and goes over to help them.
10) 0) text: Halley and ten other RESIDENTS of The Magic Castle are socializing, drinking and smoking on the balcony. Halley is hanging with her best friend and Scooty's mom, ASHLEY (23) on the stairs outside Room 341 where music is blasting. Some of the rooms’ doors are open and some clos GLORIA (60’s) struts over.
12) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty sit in front of a “Welcome to Florida” mural. They are nodding off. An off-screen WHISTLE wakes up. Scooty’s mom Ashley stands in the front entrance of the f food waffle joint next door. She motions for them to go i back. As they run to the back, reveal that the two kids were sitting on the side of the huge ORANGE WORLD dome right n door.
13) 0) text: Scooty and Moonee wait out back. Ashley comes out with a doggy bag.
13) 4) dialog: Yesterday? That was... Friday.
13) 8) dialog: Bye, Mommy!
14) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Halley eat the Waffle Home food picnic-styl a dilapidated playground next to the parking lot of the motel. A HELICOPTER loaded with TOURISTS lifts off next door. Th kids give it the finger as it lifts off for a tour.
15) 0) text: Halley and Ashley are dressed up and ready to party. They deliver Moonee and Scooty to a NEIGHBOR’s room.
17) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty approach Dicky’s room on the first floo FutureLand. Dicky’s Dad is lounging outside as usual.
18) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty knock on Jancey’s door. answers.
19) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Jancey walk past the front of Magic Castle headed West.
20) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Jancey walk by a gift shop on Route 19 that has a large Wizard sculpture over it. 16.
20) 3) dialog: That's Wizzy. He’ll protect us. It’s safe.
24) 2) dialog: Hopefully one day we can make enough money and then pay you back. The mother fishes for some change in her purse. SCOOTY (CONT’D) The doctor said we gotta eat ice cream right away.
25) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Jancey walk by a group of HOMELESS liv in boxes outside a boarded-up Medical Center.
26) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Jancey share a cone as they approach t Magic Castle. Moonee pops the last bite in her mouth, the stops herself. Moonee passes the last piece to Jancey.
27) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty continue to give Jancey their tour into grounds of The Magic Castle. They stop and point at every door. The sequence will play as if we are condensing a documented tour with jump cuts between every line of dialogue.
27) 1) dialog: 216 is Abigahil. She’s a nice woman with lots of pillows. And sells drugs sometimes.
27) 4) dialog: And 222 is a family that fights like all day.
27) 6) dialog: And that’s Bertha. She smokes weeds.
29) 0) text: The electricity is shut off across entire motel. Bobby exits the lobby door. He’s pissed. WIDE SHOT, LONG TAKE of the entire East wing of the motel This allows us to see many of the motel’s residents filte out of their rooms in anger. (Gloria, RICO the Pool Guy, CUBBY, Haley, Ashley + Troy + 30 BACKGROUND) 19. Bobby continues to walk rapidly toward the back of the building trying to defuse the situation. We see Moonee, Scooty and Jancey hastily enter room 323. We hold on the complaining residents. A few take the opportunity to chill out and light up.
35) 0) text: Halley is sitting on the bed smoking a blunt. Huddled nex her are Moonee, Scooty and Jancey. They are playing a gam the iPad. A LOUD KNOCK at the door. The kids look at each other. 21.
35) 13) dialog: They didn’t tip us!
35) 27) dialog: I don’t have any money.
36) 10) dialog: Really?
38) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty sit in the lobby licking dripping ice c cones. Their faces are covered with melted ice cream. We reveal that Bobby has been watching them intently. Arm crossed, leaning against the counter. Scooty's melting cone breaks apart and a piece hits the floor.
38) 3) dialog: It’s gonna melt outside!
39) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty lounge in the enclave, remnants of ice cream all over their faces. Something grabs Scooty's attention...
39) 1) dialog: Gloria! Gloria is strutting towards the pool with a towel ina bikini. EXT. FUTURELAND INN - JANCEY’S ROOM - DAY Moonee/Scooty pound on Jancey’s door, winded and panickin Dicky has joined the group. Grandma Stacy answers.
39) 3) dialog: We need Jancey!!! 26.
40) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Jancey/Dicky run onto the second floor balc and perch over the castle battlement to look down at the area -- Gloria sunbathes topless. The kids giggle as they spy on chanting “Boobies, boobies, boobies!” Bobby eventually saunters into the pool area.
41) 0) text: On the driveway of The Magic Castle, Jancey and Dicky are walking home. Moonee and Scooty slip into the lobby.
42) 0) text: Patrice enters, nods to Bobby. Moonee and Scooty are whistling into a fan.
42) 1) dialog: I can’t whistle. Scooty makes an annoying sound into the fan.
42) 9) dialog: We need ice! People need ice.
45) 0) text: Halley, Ashley, Moonee and Scooty sit on the stairs. Moon plays a game on the iPad while Halley and Ashley listen t hip-hop on their phone.
47) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty sit on the steps of the front stairwell near the lobby. They are lit by the sodium-vapour lamps t illuminate the parking lot. In the background, residents the motel are out on their balconies socializing. A TAXI pulls into the parking lot. Moonee/Scooty perk up.
50) 0) text: CUT TO a conversation already in progress between our Hub and Patrice. The Husband has his phone to his ear. Moonee Scooty are watching. The Cabbie is smoking a cigarette outside.
51) 1) dialog: That lady is pretty.
52) 8) dialog: Yeah, there’s punks out there.
53) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty sit in their favorite spot once again.
53) 1) dialog: Hey, you wanna see something cool?
53) 3) dialog: Make sure you don’t tell anyone. Scooty whips out a lighter he took from Patrice. SCOOTY (CONT’D) It has a naked lady on it! Moonee gasps! Halley yells down from upstairs.
54) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty pick up food from the back of Waffle Home. Ashley hands Scooty a doggy bag, she notices how filthy t two kids are.
55) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Halley once again eat their food picnic-sty Moonee drowns her waffle with the extra syrup. Silent eating. Wind blows through their hair. Halley is focused on her smartphone.
59) 0) text: Narek and Bobby walk and talk, passing RESIDENTS and CURI KIDS. Moonee, Scooty and Jancey watch the adults from the stairs. Scooty is playing with the lighter. Narek points to the bikes locked onto the railings on the second and t floors.
60) 0) text: Moonee/Scooty/Jancey and other kids watch as Dicky and hi Dad move out. Their old station wagon is packed to the br Dicky’s Dad throws some stuff in to the dumpster and give toys away to Moonee, Jancey, Scooty and the rest. DICKY’S DAD Dicky, wanna say bye to your room? Dicky shakes his head, he doesn’t look happy that his 99- store knock-off Woody and Buzz toys are being given away. 37. DICKY’S DAD (CONT’D) I told you, New Orleans, new toys. There’s not an extra inch in this thing. Let’s get rolling. Dicky walks over to his friends.
61) 0) text: Moonee, Scooty and Jancey split an ice cream outside the Twistee Treat. Moonee holds the cone and passes it to her friends.
61) 3) dialog: We're paying customers!
65) 0) text: Moonee/Jancey/Scooty/Mia/Jazlyn/Other Kids play in the playground. Two dogs, BUNSEN and BOONEE, frolic with the kids.
68) 0) text: A quarter of a mile up Route 192 is a fenced-off set of pastel-colored condos, weather-damaged and abandoned. Moonee, Scooty and Jancey ignore the “Private Property: D Not Enter” sign. Jancey looks concerned.
68) 2) dialog: Yeah, there’s ghosts in there.
68) 4) dialog: And there are killer gators in there that chase pirates! Scooty points to the water as Jancey moves away from it. They enter the condos.
69) 0) text: Peeling paint, water damage, collapsed ceilings and floor all results of the hurricane back in ‘08. Scooty jumps out and tries to scare the girls, pretending be a ghost of these “haunted” buildings.
70) 0) text: Moonee and Jancey watch as Scooty gets his lighter to spa
71) 0) text: Moonee, Jancey and Scooty run down the side of Route 192 the lawn of FutureLand.
71) 1) dialog: We’re in so much trouble!
71) 5) dialog: Hurry! 42.
72) 0) text: Moonee and Scooty run down the balcony to their respectiv rooms as residents exit their rooms and look to the sky. Someone calls 9-1-1, some panic, some are excited but everyone rushes to the scene.
75) 3) dialog: No, it’s okay. I’m just going to watch TV. She knows something is wrong.
75) 5) dialog: No. I didn’t.
77) 2) dialog: I didn’t do it. Moonee and Jancey did it. Ashley gets in Scooty’s face. 45.
81) 5) dialog: (to Amber) You see Moonee and Jancey? Amber points to the back office. Scooty runs to the back. Bobby points to under the desk.
81) 7) dialog: (to Bobby and Amber) You guys aren’t supposed to tell me!
82) 0) text: Jancey is counting on the bottom of the front stairs. Scooty and Moonee run up the stairs to hide and run into livid Ashley. Ashley grabs Scooty and drags him away. 47.
97) 0) text: Halley knocks hard on the door. ROOM 246 FATHER answers. Scooty sits on the bed with a 4 year-old ROOM 246 LITTLE GIRL.
120) 0) text: Bobby is busy cleaning the pool as Ashley and Scooty approach. Bobby wraps up his cleaning duties as Ashley an Scooty go swimming.
125) 0) text: Scooty drives Ashley crazy by jumping on the bed.
125) 1) dialog: Why can’t I play with Moonee?
125) 3) dialog: I don’t want to play with other kids.
139) 1) dialog: Mom, it’s Halley. 82. Ashley approaches the door.
154) 0) text: Moonee and Halley sit on the picnic tables. They are pain each other’s toenails. They decide to paint each toe a different color. They watch as Ashley exits her room with Scooty (this is first time we see her post-beatdown). She is bruised badl She walks him down the stairs to Room 246. Ashley then walks silently across the parking lot and dow the driveway in her Waffle Home uniform. It begins raining hard. The two don’t mind.
163) 4) dialog: Hi, Moonee. My mom said you're leaving?
163) 9) dialog: My mom said you’re going to another family.