2) 0) text: The audience watching this movie are also ALIENS with gre skin and antenna. This is an alien world (now of course i color) going through its 1950's sci-fi movie phase. They all wear 3-D glasses and jolt back in fear. Some mu pop corn, girls hug their boyfriends, little boys are on edge of their seats. SOUND of the battle from the screen. We MOVE among them and come to a 9 year old boy, ECKLE. Suddenly someone pulls his 3-D glasses off. It's ECKLE'S and she's pissed. She takes him by his antenna and drags out of there.
3) 0) text: Eckle's Mom drags her son away. This begins the OPENING CREDIT SEQUENCE. In the scenes that follow, titles will s up in unlikely places; billboards, store signs, traffic signs, etc. As this introduces us to the planet, we'll he a light, stylized 50's SONG. We follow Eckle and his Mom until we come to a woman walk her stroller. We then FOLLOW HER as she walks up to a crossing guard. T guard does a "guchie-goo" tickle as if under the baby's chin, but we REVEAL the baby is an egg. They walk on and we pick up a MILKMAN and MAILMAN who gre each other in a super friendly way.
4) 0) text: A car parks. Eckle's mom gets out and drags him along. REVEAL where she's leading him: WIDE of the planetarium as they enter.
6) 3) dialog: What about aliens? Can they really suck out our brains?! How do you spot an alien zombie? Are you in the 'they don't blink' school or the 'show no emotion' school? Eckle is interrupted as Lem covers his mouth and looks uneasily to the curator.
7) 0) text: Lem comes outside, looking glum. ON ECKLE AND SKIFF, waiting for the news. They exchange a concerned look.
7) 3) text: Lem, Skiff and Eckle are upbeat, walking walk down a suburban street. We see more of the neighborhood part of this town. The Milkman passes by and calls:
7) 14) dialog: Does this mean you're gonna marry my sister? Lem stops walking.
7) 22) dialog: (in movie trailer voice) "Humaniacs 3"! The final battle for our world has begun!
9) 0) text: The two families have adjoining yards. Outside Eckle's house, ECKLE'S DAD lights the BBQ. ECKLE'S MOM puts a clo over the table. From the next yard...
9) 18) dialog: (raises his hand) I know!
14) 0) text: TIGHT ON THE SAME COMIC BOOK. Eckle reads it, sitting at family's outdoor table. ECKLE'S DAD works the grill. His takes his comic book away, tapping his head with it affectionately. Slowly, a rumbling starts. Next door, still working outsi Lem's parents hear it too. They all wonder what's going o Then, from out of the sky comes a fiery rocket. A NASA landing module approaches and slowly lands. Pause. The hatch opens. Out steps an astronaut. Like the first man on the moon, he charges out in self-simulated, gravity slow-motion and plants the American flag in the ground. Then he looks around and realizes: He's in suburbia on a strange planet. Eckle's and Lem's parents stare in shock. Eckle realizes it's a spaceman like the kind in his comic book. Beaming, grabs a pen to get the alien's autograph. The astronaut, already freaked, takes a step back. Throug his POV we see Eckle's Dad holding the big fork with cook meat in a way that could be seen as hostile. Then the automatic sprinkler is triggered, coming between he and h ship. Then, Lem's Dad inadvertently ignites his grill, sending up an scary spire of flame. The astronaut freaks, turns and runs off down the street this just as Lem comes out in time to see him run off.
36) 6) dialog: I knew it! I knew it! You're the alien! This is so neat!!! Can I get your autograph?? Lem start drags Eckle to the door.
36) 10) dialog: Yeah! Chuck poses mightily. Eckle takes a picture.
37) 0) text: The door opens automatically, revealing an army jeep. The mind-controlled soldiers are in the front seat, Lem and Skiff in the backseat, Chuck and Rover hidden under the backseat. As the jeep starts up, Eckle climbs in.
39) 8) dialog: Are you sure they'll believe he's friendly? Chuck turns to Eckle with a smile.
45) 2) text: Chuck paces and checks his readout - the clock is ticking Eckle and the mind-controlled soldiers are with him.
45) 3) dialog: What're you gonna say in the interview? That stops Chuck's pacing.
45) 5) dialog: That seems kind of thin.
50) 0) text: Eckle the mind-controlled soldiers are CHEERING Chuck who gestures for Eckle to come over. He puts Eckle in a fake head-lock.
51) 0) text: Eckle's Mom and Dad watch Chuck on TV in horror as he doe Mr. Smith from "The Matrix".
58) 0) text: Lem and gang are in the jeep, minus the soldiers. Lem put Eckle out.
58) 1) dialog: But...
66) 0) text: Driving through a residential area, they look ahead and s ECKLE'S HOUSE and Chuck's ship. Very few soldiers are on guard. Lem and Chuck exchange a look.
68) 0) text: Rover is led away by soldiers. From a distance, Skiff watches, despondent. Eckle joins him.
74) 0) text: Lem and Chuck stand on either side of the door. It's fair dark inside, so they can see the silhouettes of two omino figures entering. As they do, Lem and Chuck pounce. There's a SCUFFLE. Hard to tell who's winning. Suddenly the lights go on. It's Skiff and Eckle.
74) 2) dialog: We came to help! All of us. Eckle turns to the door. Neera enters. She stares at Chuc in wonder.
75) 10) dialog: What do we do now? Good question. No one seems to know, except Lem. He rises growing the beginning of a true spine.
75) 12) dialog: But where is it?
75) 18) dialog: They've got him at the comic book shop!
75) 22) dialog: Yeah, why? Lem smiles. cur TO:
76) 0) text: A walking scene, SLOW MOTION to music like in "The Right Stuff". Our characters seem mighty. After Chuck we see th alien costumes on Lem, Skiff, Eckle and Neera. With dangl extra arms, cardboard teeth, eyes on springs, the costume are a weird contrast to the mightiness of the moment. Chuck gives Lem a slow motion thumbs up. Lem returns it. Then, as things go to normal speed, Lem turns to Skiff:
85) 0) text: Chuck is doing the twist a la Travolta in "Pulp Fiction". People cheer. Chuck pulls Lem over and makes him dance too. ON LEM. He can't believe this. But as he reluctantly goes along, the crowd cheers more. What the hell, Lem does a little dance move. The crowd lo it. Lem smiles, having fun. He waves to Neera who stands with Skiff and Eckle. She looks around nervously, then starts smile, especially when she sees Lem on stage showboating. Chuck falls to the floor and does some hip-hop spins. Lem falls to the floor and joins him. The crowd loves it. ANGLE ON ROVER, approaching the rear of the crowd. REVEAL BEHIND HIM: Soldiers approach. ANGLE ON STAGE. Chuck and Lem jump to their feet and hold their arms for the cheering crowd. The Teacher steps back up to the microphone.
88) 0) text: Lem and his family approach their home through a throng o reporters and bystanders. The reporters take pictures of Lem. What should be a proud moment, is sad for him. ANGLE ON NEERA, going into her home next door. She looks Lem sadly. Eckle is with her. The song continues, sung by Chuck.
93) 0) text: Neera and Eckle look all around. No sign of Lem. Then, they hear a SOUND from a nearby police car. They find Lem in t front seat, pulling out the ignition wires.
93) 8) dialog: Me too!
101) 0) text: A couple of soldiers guard the front door. Around the side, the team hides. What to do? Eckle signal from the side of the building. He's found an air vent. Th others join him. Rover leads the way, tracking Chuck.
111) 12) text: That's my boyfriend!!! She punches Grawl. Grawl is stunned, but not knocked out. He's about to raises his gun again. This time it's Eckle jumps in, swinging the control panel, knocking Grawl out. As the room empties of soldiers, Lem turns to Chuck.
119) 5) dialog: General, you've been reading too many comic books.
120) 3) text: (to Eckle) Kid, how'd you like to be president of the Planet One Chuck Baker fan club? Eckle nods, proudly. Chuck reaches into his suit and pull out a massive stack of SIGNED HEADSHOTS. Chuck rises and sees Skiff. Then, he turns to Rover.