9) 13) dialog: Neera, where're you been? The cause needs you!
9) 16) dialog: Like the school gym. They're painting it orange! What a bummer! (aside) That means I don't like it. Glar strums his guitar and sings:
9) 17) dialog: (sings) Orange! Orange! It's so very... (stops strumming) What rhymes with orange?
9) 19) dialog: Your time will come, little man. Neera, we need you, righteous mamma ! Neera feels she has to go, but doesn't want to leave Lem.
9) 22) dialog: (to Lem) Peace. That means see ya later. They get in the car and take off. Lem and Neera exchange bit of a lovelorn look. cur TO:
19) 17) dialog: That's why we need you! You can get us there to protest against the men!
19) 19) dialog: You know, the men, the ones with all the power. We need to stick it to the men!!! (realizes) Why don't you join us!
19) 21) dialog: Work! (strums ) Establishment! (strums ) The system! (strums, aside to teen) What rhymes with system? at Neera, confused.
19) 24) dialog: Outta sight. Sock it to me. (to Neera) You coming, foxy mamma? With an apologetic look at Lem, Neera goes off with Glar the teens. cur TO:
25) 18) dialog: Daddeo, you're bumming me out with those negative vibrations! A pause. They look at Glar blankly.
38) 0) text: Glar stands out front with Neera and some ordinary teens.
38) 2) dialog: We need a slogan. Something that says it's a bummer to make war on the aliens when we should make... Glar can't quite think of how to finish the sentence.
38) 4) dialog: Nah, that's not it. ANGLE ON the jeep driving by. Lem looks out and sees Neer He smiles and waves. But she looks at him angrily. Lem lo at the soldiers and moans to Skiff:
43) 3) dialog: We're really upset! The teens nod approvingly, though it's not quite what Nee had in mind. Lem approaches them.
43) 13) dialog: Is this guy giving you bad vibrations?
59) 2) dialog: Why should we -- Fuzz. (off Gorloc's questioning look) There's fuzz on you. Glar picks some lint off Gorloc's uniform.
59) 5) dialog: Against the law?! I didn't know that!! Sorry, sir. Won't happen again, sir!
94) 0) text: The music comes from Glar who starts a song TBD about the end of the protest movement. The Teens are taking apart their protest signs. Lem drives by and stops. He gets and idea and backs up.
94) 3) dialog: What I mean to say is that would be really desirable. smile.
99) 0) text: We say "ext" only because we're outside the Base 9 buildings. But this is really a vast underground space that's beneath a 200 foot ceiling. Soldiers are going about their normal routine when they begin to hear something. It sounds like chanting. ANGLE ON THE RAMP LEADING DOWN. It's Glar and the teens i his hippie car. They carry signs that say: LET THE MAN GO
99) 4) dialog: Now come all you aliens, don't be afraid. Your welcome we still are arranging. We used to think you're the enemy come. But the times they are a diff-er-ent. He gives one blast on the harmonica, then looks up at the surrounded soldiers. Music stops.
99) 5) dialog: Uh, is being here against the rules? ANGLE WIDE behind the soldiers (so's not to see any violence) as the soldiers attack and the teens flee. ANGLE BEHIND THE VAN. Lem and team sneak out and make the way unseen into Base 9.
118) 0) text: All the soldiers, Glar and the Teens have gotten out of base and stand watching as.... THERE'S A MASSIVE RUMBLING AND EXPLOSIONS BELOW. Before them, a volcano-like EXPLOSION from the ground. Th stare in horror until... They see a ship emerge, flying out just ahead of the flam The NASA capsule launches precariously upward. ON THE TEENS, cheering. ON KIPPLE, as the the mind-controlled soldiers step up.