5) 0) text: This is a star show in a classic 50ish planetarium. Watch the show is an auditorium full of school kids. Up from the middle of the room rises a platform containin the star machine and its OPERATOR: LEM, a high-school junior, 16, passionate, fairly geeky, yet kind of cute fo someone with green skin. It's his voice we were hearing. He's about to continue with his lecture, but he's new and uneasy in this job. He stumbles, dropping his script. Bending down to pick it up, he knocks the star machine, making it pivot 180 degrees, sending stars flying all ove the dome. The kids OOOOH and AHHHHH, loving it, covering his mistak or so it seems. But Lem looks over to an older man sittin prominently in front: This is the CURATOR. He takes notes Lem's presentation, grading him. From his face, the grade far doesn't look good. From nearby, Lem hears: PSSSST. He turns to see SKIFF sitting nearby. Lem's age, Skiff is quirky, paranoid. He motions for Lem to keep going and gi him an encouraging thumbs up. Lem makes himself continue. He hits some buttons on the s machine as he narrates the following:
5) 1) dialog: How vast is space? If you could stretch a rope from one end to the other, it would reach over 500 miles!! Ooooohs from the audience.
5) 2) dialog: Ever try counting the stars? Don't bother, there's too many. Over ONE
5) 4) dialog: I'll bet you think stars are tiny points of light. Wrong! On the dome, Lem zooms into an individual star.
5) 5) dialog: Each star is over 3 feet wide!! And so hot it can boil water!!! The biggest set of Oooooohhhhs. Lem brings up an image of their planet, struggling a bit shove the slide in the right slot.
5) 6) dialog: But don't worry about our planet. It's so far from the nearest star, nothing could ever happen to it. Maybe the real planet is, but Lem put the slide of the planet in wrong. It starts to catch fire, causing the planet's image on the dome to bust into hellish flames as their planet is dying. A terrified MOAN from the kids, some SCREAMING and CRYING
6) 0) text: Kids are filing out. ON THE CURATOR, summing up Lem's score as two boys file past. He overhears:
6) 4) dialog: He's a riot, isn't he? Aliens. (to Eckle, condescends) Science proves there's no aliens. (to Curator) Too many comic books. Lem taps Eckle's head to indicate brain damage. The Curat marks another box on Lem's score. It's not looking good.
7) 0) text: Lem comes outside, looking glum. ON ECKLE AND SKIFF, waiting for the news. They exchange a concerned look.
7) 2) dialog: You're looking at the new junior assistant curator!! His friends smile. They walk on. cur TO:
7) 3) text: Lem, Skiff and Eckle are upbeat, walking walk down a suburban street. We see more of the neighborhood part of this town. The Milkman passes by and calls:
7) 5) dialog: Got the job!
7) 7) dialog: I can see my whole future! A house. A car. Two kids. They'll grow up and have kids. They'll come home to visit on holidays... In rapid fire succession:
7) 9) dialog: Got it!
7) 11) dialog: Hired!
7) 13) dialog: Thumbs up! Lem and the others continue on.
7) 19) dialog: Thanks, Chief! The cop car pulls way, REVEALING behind it the movie Marquee. There we read: COMING SOON, HUMANIACS 3. Below that, a huge poster for the movie, showing invading alien A banner overhead announces: SIGN UP FOR THE PREMIERE
7) 24) dialog: If you guys go in costume, I'm pretending we never met. Lem starts to walk down the street. Skiff and Eckle follo
7) 28) dialog: Skiff... Skiff stops Lem in front of a shop so he can talk to him.
7) 30) dialog: Aliens came here to look up our butts? Skiff puts a hand on Lem's shoulder to emphasize:
7) 33) dialog: You work in a comic book store! Lem stops and points up to the comic book sign which they happen to have just reached.
7) 37) dialog: Don't listen to him. There's no such thing as aliens. cur TO:
8) 0) text: To contradict Lem's statement, we see an alien formation the grass. REVEAL this is actually a baseball field. A game is in progress. But flying overhead, unnoticed, is an actual al ship. (NOTE: I like this scene here because it feels like a precursor to the alien arriving and also incorporates information about their world. Also, I'm not sure we need introduce Base 9 here. The key information for us now is that an alien ship is arriving. I'm concerned we're putti too much on our audience by introducing Base 9.) cur TO:
9) 4) dialog: Hey Neera.
9) 6) dialog: I got the job.
9) 8) dialog: I was thinking, now that I have a stable and rewarding career...
9) 10) dialog: Maybe it's time that you and me...
9) 12) dialog: I mean, would you wanna... The answer would be '‘yes', but before Lem can ask, SOUND a car pulling up with MUSIC blaring. It's a hippy car. The driver steps out. He's Glar, 16, l hair, flowery clothes, guitar in hand.
9) 14) dialog: Cause?
9) 21) dialog: (lies) Sure. Glar takes Neera by the arm to lead her away.
10) 0) text: Lem enters and throws down his books. Prominent in his room is a telescope. He looks through it then turns to the side to speak to someone. We don't see who.
10) 1) dialog: Would you want to maybe one day get married? REVEAL he speaks to a picture of Neera. He moves it to mi her talking:
10) 2) dialog: (as Neera) Oh Lem, I'd love to! ANGLE THROUGH THE TELESCOPE. Lem hasn't seen, but enterin his scope's view is a comet-like trail in the sky - the alien ship. cur TO:
14) 0) text: TIGHT ON THE SAME COMIC BOOK. Eckle reads it, sitting at family's outdoor table. ECKLE'S DAD works the grill. His takes his comic book away, tapping his head with it affectionately. Slowly, a rumbling starts. Next door, still working outsi Lem's parents hear it too. They all wonder what's going o Then, from out of the sky comes a fiery rocket. A NASA landing module approaches and slowly lands. Pause. The hatch opens. Out steps an astronaut. Like the first man on the moon, he charges out in self-simulated, gravity slow-motion and plants the American flag in the ground. Then he looks around and realizes: He's in suburbia on a strange planet. Eckle's and Lem's parents stare in shock. Eckle realizes it's a spaceman like the kind in his comic book. Beaming, grabs a pen to get the alien's autograph. The astronaut, already freaked, takes a step back. Throug his POV we see Eckle's Dad holding the big fork with cook meat in a way that could be seen as hostile. Then the automatic sprinkler is triggered, coming between he and h ship. Then, Lem's Dad inadvertently ignites his grill, sending up an scary spire of flame. The astronaut freaks, turns and runs off down the street this just as Lem comes out in time to see him run off.
19) 0) text: Reminiscent of a 50's school, but with alien twists - fro the ball field to the cars in the alien lot. As Lem leaves, he hears:
19) 4) dialog: Guess I was wrong. What do they want from us?
19) 7) dialog: (yuck) Six months underground with you?
19) 9) dialog: A cork?
19) 11) dialog: I think I know.
19) 13) dialog: Gross! is busy with that, Neera comes by.
19) 15) dialog: Skiff - I think. How are you holding up?
19) 18) dialog: The who?
19) 20) dialog: Me? I have to work.
21) 0) text: Lem puts a handwritten sign in the window: CLOSED FOR INVASION.
22) 0) text: This is a huge, round atrium room with a multitude of scientific exhibits, from a huge hanging mobile of planet and stars to telescopes, etc. Lem starts to prepare the place to be shut down. He doesn notice, but fairly well-hidden in one of the displays is NASA astronaut, sleeping. MOVE IN ON THE ASTRONAUT as suddenly a light on his chest starts to blink red just like Rover's. It wakes him up. H stirs, knocking over something and creating a racket. ON LEM, turning, wondering what happened, stepping over t investigate as... The astronaut straightens himself up and... The TWO OF THEM STAND FACE TO FACE for the first time. A frozen moment of terror. Suddenly: BOTH SCREAM. And run away in opposite directions. ANGLE ON EACH, running away, screaming. The astronaut's screams are muffled inside his helmet. Each knocks over things in a panic to get away. What they don't realize is that the room is round and the fleeing is leading them right into... Each other. SMASH, they crash into each other and both fa Each sits up. Each screams. They run away. The astronaut winds up falling into a tang of mobile wires and stuck in the air, as if floating in space. Lem keeps running until he realizes he's not being chased He turns and looks back. He sees the astronaut struggling to get free. Suddenly, on the astronaut's spacesuit, the hose gets cau on a wire and is pulled out. SOUND OF AIR HISSING. ON THE ASTRONAUT, realizing he's in trouble. He checks hi oxygen gauge: It's quickly draining. Now the astronaut panics, terrified. ON LEM, seeing how scared he is. He feels bad for it. He notices the wires and follows them to where they're held a hook in the wall. Lem gets an idea, one that's going t take some courage. He takes a breath and crosses to the hook. He looks back the astronaut.
22) 1) dialog: Wish I had that cork. Taking a brave step, he unhooks the wires. The mobile wir - and astronaut - come crashing down. The astronaut scrambles to his feet and looks at the gaug IT READS EMPTY. Freaked, choking, he looks all around. He has no choice. undoes the metal lock around his helmet. He turns to the side and slowly pulls off his helmet. We the face of: CAPTAIN CHARLES (CHUCK) BAKER, mid-30's, handsome. His cheeks are puffed as he holds his breath. Finally, he let it out and takes a scary breath. To his surprise, it's ok He takes another.
22) 3) dialog: You speak my language.
22) 5) dialog: That's what I just said.
22) 7) dialog: Like what?
22) 10) dialog: Ass...
22) 12) dialog: (points to himself) Lem. Lem. Lem.
22) 14) dialog: What do you want?
22) 16) dialog: I mean... are you here to take over our world and... eat our brains?
22) 18) dialog: "Op-rah..." You were just talking alien.
22) 20) dialog: You are.
22) 22) dialog: You are. You came to my planet.
22) 24) dialog: (greeting) Hello...
22) 26) dialog: Huh?
22) 30) dialog: You want me to take you to your flying saucer? (considers) I don't know. I could get in trouble. I just kind of got my future on track...
22) 32) dialog: Okay, I'll take you there, but then you're on your own! Lem heads for the door. Chuck lingers, then follows.
23) 0) text: This is the hill leading to the planetarium. Rover comes chugging slowly up, tired. Suddenly, a car approaches com the other way. Rover ducks. WE SEE LEM drives the car with Chuck in the backseat. With the car gone, Rover continues to roll on. But he sto and turns, his tracking device now points the other way. Rover heaves a tired SIGH, turns and follows the car, onl at his own, much slower pace.
24) 0) text: Lem drives - reaching main street. Chuck keeps low in the backseat, but looks at the alien town in amazement. His helmet and suit are with him.
24) 2) dialog: (confused) What's Planet One?
25) 0) text: Onlookers stand behind police lines. The TV reporter is i make-up, a napkin over his shirt. The ship is guarded by half a dozen police including Chief Gorloc. Lem drives up.
25) 1) dialog: There it is. MOVE IN ON CHUCK looking around. He's decisive, like a he
25) 3) dialog: What about you?
25) 5) dialog: The what?
25) 26) dialog: Not!!! He stands between the soldier and the door. He looks aro realizes he's acting suspicious and tries to cover.
25) 27) dialog: I mean... They're everywhere! They want our brains with hot sauce! We should all go home and hide! Eckle - standing nearby - happens to look inside and catc glimpse of Chuck. His eyes go wide. Lem gets in the car.
26) 0) text: The door open, we see Lem sneaking Chuck upstairs and int the room. As they enter, Lem goes about shutting the shad
26) 2) dialog: This is a disaster!
26) 4) dialog: It couldn't have gone worse!
26) 6) dialog: That look on Neera's face!
26) 8) dialog: (continuing) And I have the alien in my room! If someone finds you here...
26) 11) dialog: Just the TV!
26) 13) dialog: Not hungry!
26) 15) dialog: Okay, be right down! Lem's Mom goes and he closes the door with a sigh of reli From behind Lem...
26) 17) text: I have to go or she'll come back. As Lem leaves:
29) 0) text: Rover makes it out the back door. Safe for now, he looks around. He heads off toward's Lem's neighborhood. cur TO:
30) 6) dialog: You can't stay here. You gotta go. Chuck rises, ready for action.
30) 8) dialog: The plan is you get out of my life! I said I'd take you to your ship. Well, there it is. Lem opens the shade to reveal the ship. There's double th number of soldiers around, spotlights on the ship, search lights on the sky. It's like his house has been placed in the middle of a sci fi thriller. Lem closes the shade, discouraged. He heads off:
30) 9) dialog: I'll get you a blanket and pillow. Chuck peaks out through the blinds.
31) 0) text: Through the throng of soldiers, CAMERA MOVES below to find... ROVER, hiding under an army truck. He looks around and fi his opportunity. He quickly rolls to the front of Lem's house. He tries to get in, but it's locked. Looking aroun furtively, he rolls behind some bushes to wait.
32) 0) text: Lem is making up Chuck's bed as Chuck brushes his teeth w some weird alien toothpaste. The TV is on in background.
32) 2) dialog: We don't have a space program.
32) 4) dialog: We already know what's up there. Nothing. Chuck is about to counter, when, from the TV:
32) 13) dialog: I'm harboring the most wanted fugitive in the world! Yesterday my life was all set. Now - my whole world is upside down. Chuck settles into his bed and looks up.
35) 0) text: A paperboy rides his alien bike through the bright suburb streets. He tosses newspapers as he goes, past the soldie bivouacked on the suburban lawns. Finally passing Lem's house, he throws the paper. We FOLLOW THE PAPER as it hits the front door and lands o the front step. Suddenly Rover's arm reaches over from th nearby bushes and snatches it. ANGLE BEHIND THE BUSHES REVEALS ROVER, holding the paper ducking. ON THE FRONT DOOR as Lem's Dad steps out. No paper. Leavi the door open, he walks onto the walkway.
36) 0) text: Lem and Chuck are sleeping, Chuck like a kid with his but in the air. Suddenly, a loud KNOCK. Both bolt awake. The door starts to open. Lem dashes to block it.
36) 1) dialog: Mom, don't come in! He tries to close it, but something's wedging it open. H looks down to see a tire in the way. Confused, he opens t door a bit more to find: ROVER, looking up at Lem. Lem backs up, terrified. Rover enters and heads to Chuck. His beeping speeds up and indicates he's reached his destination. Chuck sees the tracking light on his own sui and realizes:
36) 3) dialog: Rover? As Chuck speaks, Lem shuts the door.
36) 5) dialog: Mom, don't come in! But he's not in time and the door opens. It's Eckle who s Chuck and lights up.
36) 7) dialog: Eckle, this isn't a comic book, it's serious! Chuck finds a pen and steps over, playing the reluctant celeb.
36) 13) dialog: But the door opens. Skiff enters blabbing.
36) 15) dialog: Skiff? Skiff? Skiff looks up. He sees Lem, then Rover, then Chuck. He recoils in fear.
36) 16) text: Aliens!!! Lem run, I'll hold them off! (aside) Unless you wanna hold them off...
36) 17) dialog: Skiff, they're friendly, trust me. Skiff looks at Lem and realizes something horrifying. He backs up.
36) 19) dialog: (eyes windows nervously) You gotta keep it down! Rover sidles up to Skiff and nuzzles him. Skiff is scared first, but he stops and looks at Rover's cute face. Rover one eye blinks so adorably as he tilts his head like a do Skiff melts.
36) 21) dialog: Look at his face. Is that the face of evil?
36) 23) dialog: Of course not. They need our help. They just wanna go home. Skiff slowly reaches out and pets Rover. Rover sidles up affectionately.
36) 25) text: Great, let's just have a party! Lem opens the door and finds himself staring at: TWO SOLDIERS.
36) 30) dialog: That's right! Resistance is futile! Lem clears his throat and gives Chuck a pointed look.
36) 34) dialog: He's taking over our brains!! Chuck stops a moment. What's wrong with Lem? He realizes is playing along and keeps HUMMING. Chuck reaches out and puts a hand on each of the soldier heads. He speaks like Spock. The MUSIC becomes Star Trek- like.
36) 38) dialog: (aside to Skiff) It's not real.
36) 46) dialog: Too many soldiers. Then, Lem spots the TV crew outside. A lightbulb moment.
36) 47) dialog: But I have another idea. You're gonna talk to the world and tell them your friendly. But first we gotta get you out of here. Lem spots the mind-controlled soldiers and realizes how.
37) 0) text: The door opens automatically, revealing an army jeep. The mind-controlled soldiers are in the front seat, Lem and Skiff in the backseat, Chuck and Rover hidden under the backseat. As the jeep starts up, Eckle climbs in.
37) 1) dialog: Go home, Eckle! But Chuck reaches out and positions Eckle as a shield to hide behind.
38) 5) dialog: Great, now she thinks I'm hunting the alien! Lem is mortified as the jeep drives on. cur TO:
39) 0) text: Lem and the others enter from the back door. This is a ge paradise, with full-sized sci-fi monster cut-outs, movie posters, props, etc. Skiff is freaked to have everyone in the store.
39) 2) dialog: It's just 'till we get him on TV.
39) 4) dialog: You're the biggest story in history. The whole planet'1ll watch.
39) 19) dialog: Neera.
39) 21) dialog: She's my girlfriend! Or, she was. Now she hates me.
39) 23) dialog: Plus there's another guy. Glar.
40) 0) text: Chuck puts on a record - romantic music. To Lem's surpris he dims the light.
40) 7) dialog: Skiff!
40) 9) dialog: No Skiff, no anal probe! No mind control!
40) 13) dialog: Skiff... I gotta go find that TV reporter. I need your help to keep things under control.
40) 15) dialog: (lies, improvising) Yes. You're in charge... of not hitting anyone on the head and not getting caught. Can you do that? Skiff salutes enthusiastically. Lem salutes back.
40) 16) dialog: (to all) No one can know we're in here, okay? (to Chuck) I'll be back with the reporter. Lem heads out. cur TO:
43) 0) text: Lem walks along the main street. Suddenly, the TV truck drives past him. Turning to see it, Lem notices Neera, Gl and the teens outside TOWN HALL. He considers going after the truck, but has to talk to Neera. ANGLE ON THE TEENS. They stand around aimlessly. Some ca small signs that say things like"We protest!" and "Darn!"
43) 4) dialog: Neera... She turns away, indignant.
43) 5) dialog: I need to talk to you.
43) 7) dialog: I'm not trying to kill him! I'm trying to...
43) 9) dialog: I can't tell you.
43) 11) dialog: Neera... Is this place on fire or is it just hot in here?
49) 0) text: Lem trudges along. At a TV store he notices people starin at a TV in the window. To his horror, Lem sees on TV: Chuck, doing his Darth Vadar. Flanked by movie monster cu outs in the store, he seems to be part of some terrifying alien army.
53) 0) text: Lem runs by.
53) 1) dialog: Skifflii!! cur TO:
54) 0) text: Lem's Dad and Mom stare at the TV in shock. Chuck has fou an alien pair of sunglasses and puts them on.
56) 0) text: Lem bursts in.
56) 1) dialog: We gotta get outta here now!
58) 0) text: Lem and gang are in the jeep, minus the soldiers. Lem put Eckle out.
58) 2) dialog: Out! Lem floors it just as soldiers burst through the back doo Eckle hides behind some garbage cans. Lem drives them away. Soldiers quickly gather up and go after them. Skiff and Rover stay low in the backseat next Chuck's spacesuit.
59) 8) dialog: Now I'm a wanted criminal! Perfect!
60) 0) text: Gorloc. Lem turns a corner and stops suddenly. The road ahead is blocked. They all pile out of the jeep.
62) 0) text: Soldiers burst in. UP FRONT, Lem and Chuck run along the screen. People see Chuck and SCREAM. ON Chuck, assuming they're screaming at the movie. He loo up, sees a scary B&W alien monster and screams himself. L pulls him along.
63) 0) text: Chased by soldiers, Lem and Chuck run down an alley. They find an unlocked door and slip inside to find...
64) 0) text: There's a ladies tea party in progress. As soon as Chuck Lem enter, the party stops dead. They all stare at Chuck. pause.
64) 1) dialog: What now?
64) 4) dialog: Chuck! Chuck! Chuck sees Lem and heads over, through the barrage. Final the two run out to find....
66) 0) text: Driving through a residential area, they look ahead and s ECKLE'S HOUSE and Chuck's ship. Very few soldiers are on guard. Lem and Chuck exchange a look.
67) 0) text: The soldiers don't notice the two figures sneaking around behind the vehicles. Finally, Lem and Chuck make their way unseen under the sh Chuck carries his spacesuit.
67) 2) dialog: (aside to Chuck) Any ideas? Suddenly Chuck grabs hold of the American flag he planted and waves it maniacally.
67) 6) dialog: What's that? Chuck rolls his eyes and starts to do it himself.
71) 0) text: Lem and Chuck stand on the balcony. In the distance, they see Chuck's ship being carted off. Chuck checks his DIGITAL READOUT. Just about 1 day left.
72) 0) text: Lem closes shades and locks the place for the night.
72) 1) dialog: This "stupid rock" is my home. Or it was 'till you came along and RUINED EVERYTHING! I want my life back!!! Unless there's something else you want to ruin! Suddenly, Lem walks headlong into the Curator. A pause.
72) 3) dialog: (flat) My boss.
73) 0) text: Lem gently puts the Curator inside the closet.
73) 1) dialog: Sorry, Mr. Hucklo, it's just for one night. Maybe a week. (forces a smile) I hope this won't affect our working relationship. Lem closes the door. From inside, a gentle KNOCK. Lem ope the door.
74) 0) text: Lem and Chuck stand on either side of the door. It's fair dark inside, so they can see the silhouettes of two omino figures entering. As they do, Lem and Chuck pounce. There's a SCUFFLE. Hard to tell who's winning. Suddenly the lights go on. It's Skiff and Eckle.
74) 1) dialog: What are you doing here?
74) 8) dialog: Great! Just great! First it's Glar. Now it's Chuck! Perfect! Lem storms off into the main auditorium.
75) 0) text: Chuck enters. Lem is staring up at the stars above. Chuck steps up. A pause.
75) 3) dialog: Lem looks There's a Lem turns (mind-blown) Space is that big?
75) 5) dialog: (laments ) Nothing I knew was right.
75) 7) dialog: I don't have the right stuff like you.
75) 16) dialog: (looks around) Where IS Rover? Skiff starts to weep melodramatically.
75) 19) dialog: Then we've gotta go get him! Neera's amazed by this new Lem, but she holds out a hand.
75) 21) dialog: (to Eckle and Skiff) That new movie opens tonight, right? Skiff and Eckle exchange a look.
76) 0) text: A walking scene, SLOW MOTION to music like in "The Right Stuff". Our characters seem mighty. After Chuck we see th alien costumes on Lem, Skiff, Eckle and Neera. With dangl extra arms, cardboard teeth, eyes on springs, the costume are a weird contrast to the mightiness of the moment. Chuck gives Lem a slow motion thumbs up. Lem returns it. Then, as things go to normal speed, Lem turns to Skiff:
76) 1) dialog: You sure no one can see my face?
76) 3) dialog: (embarrassed) I'm more worried about my friends. REVEAL around them, a number of locals in alien costumes, walking towards:
79) 0) text: From where they stand, Lem and Chuck can see the comic bo shop in the distance. They exchange a look. About to head over, they each have hand placed on their shoulders. Have they been caught? REVEAL it's the Teacher.
79) 2) dialog: We're not here to enter the contest.
79) 4) dialog: We're here to WIN the contest! Let's go! Lem puts an arm around Chuck who offers a thumbs up. With desperate look back at Neera, Lem and Chuck follow the teacher up on stage. There's so many soldiers around, the can't run off.
81) 0) text: ON CHUCK AND LEM, now on stage, looking around for a way get out of there. There are soldiers on either side of th stage. Chuck doesn't see his tracking device starts blinking. ON THE TEACHER, stepping up to the microphone. She taps i
81) 2) dialog: What do we do? Chuck lifts his helmet just slightly. Eyeing the crowd, h grows a sly smile.
83) 0) text: Lem watches as fellow contestants parade for the cheering crowd. Then, to his shock, Chuck floats by him doing the "Moonwalk". The crowd loves it. Chuck waves. Lem looks out and exchanges a worried look with Neera. ON Chuck, doing more showboating. He motions for Lem to c join him. Lem shakes his head.
85) 0) text: Chuck is doing the twist a la Travolta in "Pulp Fiction". People cheer. Chuck pulls Lem over and makes him dance too. ON LEM. He can't believe this. But as he reluctantly goes along, the crowd cheers more. What the hell, Lem does a little dance move. The crowd lo it. Lem smiles, having fun. He waves to Neera who stands with Skiff and Eckle. She looks around nervously, then starts smile, especially when she sees Lem on stage showboating. Chuck falls to the floor and does some hip-hop spins. Lem falls to the floor and joins him. The crowd loves it. ANGLE ON ROVER, approaching the rear of the crowd. REVEAL BEHIND HIM: Soldiers approach. ANGLE ON STAGE. Chuck and Lem jump to their feet and hold their arms for the cheering crowd. The Teacher steps back up to the microphone.
85) 11) dialog: You're making a mistake! He's friendly! Kipple turns to Lem.
85) 19) dialog: No...
88) 0) text: Lem and his family approach their home through a throng o reporters and bystanders. The reporters take pictures of Lem. What should be a proud moment, is sad for him. ANGLE ON NEERA, going into her home next door. She looks Lem sadly. Eckle is with her. The song continues, sung by Chuck.
91) 0) text: ON LEM, looking around at the stars, seemingly surrounded them as CAMERA 'FLOATS' around him.
92) 5) text: Lem, I understand you'll be working right here after you graduate, teaching about the mysteries of space. Give us a preview. Lem looks around, uncomfortable.
92) 6) dialog: Well... (recalls by rote) If you were to stretch a rope from one end of the universe to the other, it would reach over 500 miles!
92) 8) dialog: (still by rote) And have you ever tried counting the stars? Don't bother, there's too many. Over one thousand.
92) 10) dialog: You know what's really remarkable? That we believe this. No one knows how big space is. There's billions of galaxies and each one of them has billions of stars. Next to that, our world is just... Lem stops and looks around, coming fully back to life.
92) 11) dialog: Excuse me. Lem walks away. Neera and Eckle exchange a look. She nods Skiff who takes off one way. She and Eckle go the other. The reporter urgently motions to someone who flips a swit that starts a typical 50's singing commercial. cur TO:
93) 0) text: Neera and Eckle look all around. No sign of Lem. Then, they hear a SOUND from a nearby police car. They find Lem in t front seat, pulling out the ignition wires.
93) 2) dialog: It's called hot-wiring. I think it's an earth custom. Lem touches the wires. The engine starts. Lem steps up to them. Neera and
93) 3) dialog: I got my life back, but it turns out I don't want it anymore. Skiff exchange a confused look.
93) 5) dialog: My friend's in trouble. I'm gonna go help him. (steps up to Neera) Maybe you'd be better off with Glar. Someone who can give you a stable life with secur... Neera suddenly hauls off and kisses Lem. A long pause. Then, she lets him go.
93) 6) dialog: Or, not.
93) 9) dialog: Well that's great, but I don't know where I'm going. Suddenly, from nearby:
93) 11) dialog: Rover!
93) 13) dialog: Rover, where's Chuck? Can you find Chuck??? Rover looks around as if trying to find the scent. Then suddenly, his tracking light blinks. The direction leads off into the desert. Rover looks at them and nods.
93) 15) dialog: C'mon! They get in the car to guitar strains of a FOLK SONG. cur TO:
94) 0) text: The music comes from Glar who starts a song TBD about the end of the protest movement. The Teens are taking apart their protest signs. Lem drives by and stops. He gets and idea and backs up.
94) 1) dialog: Glar, how'd you like a cause you can really sing about? Glar stops playing and looks up.
94) 4) dialog: Take the desert road. We'll meet up ahead. Lem drives on. cur TO:
95) 0) text: Lem pulls into the gas station with the team, passing th huge, 50's-stylized sign. They get out and look around. There is NOTHING around anywhere. They turn to Rover, who's excited, his red tracking light blinking wildly.
95) 2) dialog: (sad, to himself) Poor Chuck, I let you down. cur TO:
96) 4) text: Lem and the others enter. The place is dilapidated, rundo
96) 5) dialog: Hello....! Anyone here! Suddenly, a rattling SOUND. They turn to see Skiff is try to get a display case door open. Inside, a lone, dusty ol candy bar sits on a display stand.
96) 6) dialog: What are you doing?
105) 1) dialog: It's this way! They dash out and find the hall empty. They run for it.
106) 0) text: Kipple approaches Chuck with the saw. Closer. Closer. Suddenly, the door bursts open. Lem and team rush in. So close to his prize, Kipple goes for Chuck's skull. But he's suddenly sawing metal. In the last second, Rover pla a metal claw in the way. The doctors back off. Kipple looks around and furtively sneaks to the back of the room. Lem and Neera untie Chuck. He embraces them.
106) 3) dialog: How do we find your ship? Chuck smiles and flips a switch on Rover. Rover's trackin light starts flashing.
111) 0) text: Following Rover, the team reaches this massive hanger. Th look around, confused. Neera taps Lem and points to: CHUCK'S SHIP. They approach in wonder. It's a great sigh
111) 1) dialog: How do we get it out of here? In answer, Eckle finds a control panel hanging from a lon chain. He presses it, causing the roof overhead to split start to open, revealing the sky above. A beautiful momen They all look up, thrilled. Some affectionate chucks on the shoulder for Eckle.
111) 9) dialog: General, I know what you're afraid of. I understand, I'm afraid of it too. It's not Chuck. It's not aliens or monsters. It's something even scarier. It's the unknown. I've spent my whole life running from it. And I think maybe you have too. But the unknown isn't something to be afraid of. (with a smile at Chuck) It can be your best friend. (to Grawl) And just when you think it means the end of everything you know... (a sly look at his team) It's really just the beginning. Lem suddenly grabs the REMOTE BASE DESTRUCT DEVICE and presses the red button. A frozen moment. Grawl stares in disbelief. Lem can't eve believe it. And suddenly: THE BASE ALARM SOUNDS. They hear:
111) 11) dialog: What are you looking at? Run!!! Kipple runs. Other soldiers follow and soon they're all fleeing except Grawl. Grawl stares in disbelief. Then, furious, he aims his gun right at Lem... .»-. Suddenly his arm is grabbed. It's Neera.
111) 12) text: That's my boyfriend!!! She punches Grawl. Grawl is stunned, but not knocked out. He's about to raises his gun again. This time it's Eckle jumps in, swinging the control panel, knocking Grawl out. As the room empties of soldiers, Lem turns to Chuck.
111) 13) dialog: Let's go!
112) 1) dialog: What's the matter?
113) 0) text: Chuck bolts out the ship and heads for Grawl. Skiff and Lem poke their heads out.
113) 4) dialog: (smiles, re: Chuck) ‘Cause he's got the Right Stuff. Lem steps out to help. They get Grawl on board.
119) 0) text: ON CHUCK, piloting, proud that he did it. Quickly, the view changes. Blue sky becomes black space a stars. A magical moment as they break orbit and make it t space. They all stare out in awe. Chuck releases Lem's strap, causing Lem to float up in ze gravity. The others join him. Lem floats to the window, where he looks out at the view a lifetime. Chuck floats next to him.
119) 2) dialog: What a big universe!! (looks at Chuck, smiles) I am definitely coming back here! General Grawl wakes up and sees where they are, sees he's weightless.
120) 0) text: Chuck's ship lands. People approach warily. Police cars p up and officers aim their guns, including Chief Gorloc. The hatch opens. Lem and gang step out, followed by Grawl and finally by Chuck. The police aim their guns at Chuck. Grawl steps in front of him.
120) 7) dialog: (a smile) You saved mine too. Neera joins Lem. Chuck turns to her.
120) 10) text: You ever make it to earth, I'm in the phone book. Chuck gets in his ship. Everyone backs away. To a great swell of MUSIC, the ship takes off. People wav good-bye. ON LEM, watching, moved. He and Neera exchange a look and they kiss. Skiff and Rover see this, both touched. Skiff dabs his eyes with a handkerchief and hands it to Rover w does the same.