9) 5) dialog: Hey Lem.
9) 7) dialog: That's great!!!
9) 9) dialog: Yes...
9) 11) dialog: Yes...
9) 15) dialog: Oh, Glar invented this thing he calls "protesting". That's when you shout about stuff that makes you upset.
9) 20) dialog: Well... Lem, is it okay if we talk later?
19) 14) dialog: Hey Lem. Who're you talking to? to see that Skiff has disappeared. He shakes his
19) 16) dialog: Fine, considering there's a space ship in my backyard. Suddenly Glar comes by with six TEENS, average kids he's roped into joining his "cause". Lem looks
19) 22) dialog: I think maybe Glar's saying you don't always have to do whatever you're supposed to do just 'cause someone tells you. Neera winces a bit apologetically because she sort of fee that way herself.
19) 23) dialog: (backpedals a bit) I think that's what he's saying.
25) 20) dialog: Glar's not the alien!
25) 22) dialog: Hair! He likes it long!
25) 25) dialog: Glar's just trying to say the aliens might be friendly. (sees Lem) Lem, you know astronomy. If an alien came all this way wouldn't it be smart enough to come in peace? Lem is about to answer when he notices a soldier peering his car, another reaching for the door. He rushes over:
38) 0) text: Glar stands out front with Neera and some ordinary teens.
38) 3) dialog: Love? Make love, not war...? MOVE IN ON GLAR, considering. Is this the beginning of a movement?
43) 0) text: Lem walks along the main street. Suddenly, the TV truck drives past him. Turning to see it, Lem notices Neera, Gl and the teens outside TOWN HALL. He considers going after the truck, but has to talk to Neera. ANGLE ON THE TEENS. They stand around aimlessly. Some ca small signs that say things like"We protest!" and "Darn!"
43) 2) dialog: Maybe we should shout something. Glar considers, then takes a step forward to shout:
43) 6) dialog: Shouldn't you be off killing the alien?
43) 8) dialog: What? Lem looks at Glar and the others, realizing:
43) 10) dialog: Lem, I always thought we'd be together, but I'm starting to feel like I need someone who doesn't think inside a little box. Like Glar says, the times, they are a diff-er-ent. Maybe you should go. Lem goes for broke, trying Chuck's advice. He starts to like a guy on the prowl, but on him it seems jerky and weird.
43) 12) dialog: What? He tries dipping her, but doesn't know how and winds up dipping himself and falling flat on the ground. Glar steps up and puts an arm around Neera, both standing over Lem.
43) 14) dialog: (a bit sad) Lem was just leaving. They talk away, leaving Lem on the ground. cur TO:
59) 4) dialog: So what?
59) 6) dialog: Glar...! Neera is surprised to see him being such a weenie. Suddenly, SOUND of GUNFIRE. They turn to see the soldiers chasing Lem and Chuck in the jeep. ON NEERA, shocked.
59) 7) dialog: She can't believe it. ON LEM as he drives past, meeting eyes with Chief Gorloc is shocked. Lem is horrified. As Lem drives on, he bemoans:
74) 3) dialog: You're the alien!
74) 5) dialog: You've been helping him? Lem simply nods. Neera's grin shows she approves. She tur to Chuck.
74) 6) dialog: I'm Neera. I'm honored to meet you.
75) 9) dialog: Lem...? to her. Neither knows what to say. Eckle breaks the silence.
75) 14) dialog: But we don't know where it is. Chuck realizes:
75) 20) dialog: Hold on. The whole army's looking for you two! You can't just stroll through town. MOVE IN ON LEM as he realizes:
76) 0) text: A walking scene, SLOW MOTION to music like in "The Right Stuff". Our characters seem mighty. After Chuck we see th alien costumes on Lem, Skiff, Eckle and Neera. With dangl extra arms, cardboard teeth, eyes on springs, the costume are a weird contrast to the mightiness of the moment. Chuck gives Lem a slow motion thumbs up. Lem returns it. Then, as things go to normal speed, Lem turns to Skiff:
83) 0) text: Lem watches as fellow contestants parade for the cheering crowd. Then, to his shock, Chuck floats by him doing the "Moonwalk". The crowd loves it. Chuck waves. Lem looks out and exchanges a worried look with Neera. ON Chuck, doing more showboating. He motions for Lem to c join him. Lem shakes his head.
85) 0) text: Chuck is doing the twist a la Travolta in "Pulp Fiction". People cheer. Chuck pulls Lem over and makes him dance too. ON LEM. He can't believe this. But as he reluctantly goes along, the crowd cheers more. What the hell, Lem does a little dance move. The crowd lo it. Lem smiles, having fun. He waves to Neera who stands with Skiff and Eckle. She looks around nervously, then starts smile, especially when she sees Lem on stage showboating. Chuck falls to the floor and does some hip-hop spins. Lem falls to the floor and joins him. The crowd loves it. ANGLE ON ROVER, approaching the rear of the crowd. REVEAL BEHIND HIM: Soldiers approach. ANGLE ON STAGE. Chuck and Lem jump to their feet and hold their arms for the cheering crowd. The Teacher steps back up to the microphone.
88) 0) text: Lem and his family approach their home through a throng o reporters and bystanders. The reporters take pictures of Lem. What should be a proud moment, is sad for him. ANGLE ON NEERA, going into her home next door. She looks Lem sadly. Eckle is with her. The song continues, sung by Chuck.
93) 0) text: Neera and Eckle look all around. No sign of Lem. Then, they hear a SOUND from a nearby police car. They find Lem in t front seat, pulling out the ignition wires.
93) 1) dialog: Lem, what are you doing?
93) 4) dialog: I don't understand.
93) 7) dialog: I'm going with you!
93) 12) dialog: In all the excitement, we couldn't tell you. Skiff pulled a switch. Lem looks at Skiff, amazed. They exchange a smile. Lem le down to Rover.
97) 1) dialog: There's soldiers everywhere. How are we gonna get in? Suddenly, SOUND of a car pulling up. It's Glar and the teens. Lem sees them and smiles. He's got an idea. cur TO:
106) 0) text: Kipple approaches Chuck with the saw. Closer. Closer. Suddenly, the door bursts open. Lem and team rush in. So close to his prize, Kipple goes for Chuck's skull. But he's suddenly sawing metal. In the last second, Rover pla a metal claw in the way. The doctors back off. Kipple looks around and furtively sneaks to the back of the room. Lem and Neera untie Chuck. He embraces them.
109) 0) text: Chasing our team, two soldiers round the corner and stop suddenly when they see: Neera, standing alone, looking her hippie finest. She hol three flowers in her hand. They exchange a look. Neera approaches them.
109) 1) dialog: I know you don't really want to make war. She puts the stem of a flower in each.
109) 2) dialog: This one's for peace. (next flower) This one's for love. With a flower in each of their rifles, they look at the third in her hand.
111) 0) text: Following Rover, the team reaches this massive hanger. Th look around, confused. Neera taps Lem and points to: CHUCK'S SHIP. They approach in wonder. It's a great sigh
111) 6) dialog: That's sick!
120) 9) dialog: (smiles) I know. Chuck turns back to Lem. They hug. Then Chuck heads for h ship. At the door, he turns back to Lem.
120) 10) text: You ever make it to earth, I'm in the phone book. Chuck gets in his ship. Everyone backs away. To a great swell of MUSIC, the ship takes off. People wav good-bye. ON LEM, watching, moved. He and Neera exchange a look and they kiss. Skiff and Rover see this, both touched. Skiff dabs his eyes with a handkerchief and hands it to Rover w does the same.