32) 9) dialog: Why Gippy, aliens aren't so scary, once you understand them. Hit the lights. ON TV, Kipple throws a switch for a projector. Up comes a CRUDELY ANIMATED 50ish version of aliens.
32) 10) dialog: Aliens are a lot like us, except for their hypodermic fingertips, spare set of teeth and beaks for sucking brains out of their victim's heads. ANGLE ON LEM, looking at Chuck suspiciously.
32) 12) dialog: Aliens can replicate our bodies, using an advanced technology called pods. And their huge brains have the power to turn us into zombies. Kipple is cut off as Lem turns off the TV. He crawls into his bed.
35) 4) dialog: I can answer that, General. Through the throng of soldiers, Professor Kipple approach They step back. All know and respect him.
35) 5) dialog: By using its enormous brain to control our thoughts. Even YOU could be an alien zombie and not know it.
35) 7) dialog: No need for that. But we can't be sure of anything. For all we know that flag could be a doomsday device. Pull it out of the ground, our whole world could vaporize! ANGLE ON THE FLAG. The soldiers with Geiger Counters have found it clean and backed away as another soldier has jus begun to pull it out of the ground. Hearing Kipple, he stops. The soldier smiles uneasily and furtively slips the flag back.
35) 9) dialog: Capture the alien - alive - and bring it to me. (hungrily) I will unlock the secrets of its brain! Grawl's hand reaches in, offering a handkerchief.
61) 3) dialog: Amazing! The alien's brain is so enormous it's controlling them even now. (to mind-controlled soldiers) What's it telling you to do?
73) 4) dialog: I should very much like to get inside your heads.
73) 6) dialog: No, I mean surgically. Kipple reveals his scary looking surgical instruments. Grawl steps up.
85) 7) dialog: Amazing! A brain even larger than mine! (points to Chuck's skull) An incision here. And here. The brain should pop right out. Chuck is horrified, as are Lem and friends. Even Grawl is grossed out.
85) 12) dialog: Poor boy. He's a zombie. I'll remove his brain too. Lem's face drops as soldiers grab him. Neera is horrified Lem's Mom cries. ON Chuck, seeing all this, then looking at Lem. He's got do something. Suddenly Chuck breaks free of the guards and begins to ma that sci-fi SOUND again.
85) 18) dialog: Difficult to tell. (to Lem) Do you still believe the alien is friendly? A pause. Lem looks around. His parents look at him hopefully. Neera shakes her head. Skiff motions for Lem t say no. Chuck offers a smile and shakes his head. Finally Lem looks down.
85) 20) dialog: This boy is free! Cheers and sighs of relief.
96) 1) dialog: A brain even larger than mine. What must it be capable of!
96) 3) dialog: We'll find out, won't we. I once had the largest brain on the planet. Now -- (reveals his instruments) I'll have the two largest. Mine and yours. Kipple nods to the doctors who start to wheel Chuck into operating room. cur TO:
100) 0) text: About to open Chuck's skull, Professor Kipple guns the motor, stalling it. It stops dead. Chuck sighs.
104) 4) text: Oh give me a break! You don't open the choke 'till after the engine starts! The doctors stop. Professor Kipple pulls the cord. The engine roars back to life. Chuck MOANS at own stupidity.
108) 1) dialog: General, you must save its brain.