5) 0) text: This is a star show in a classic 50ish planetarium. Watch the show is an auditorium full of school kids. Up from the middle of the room rises a platform containin the star machine and its OPERATOR: LEM, a high-school junior, 16, passionate, fairly geeky, yet kind of cute fo someone with green skin. It's his voice we were hearing. He's about to continue with his lecture, but he's new and uneasy in this job. He stumbles, dropping his script. Bending down to pick it up, he knocks the star machine, making it pivot 180 degrees, sending stars flying all ove the dome. The kids OOOOH and AHHHHH, loving it, covering his mistak or so it seems. But Lem looks over to an older man sittin prominently in front: This is the CURATOR. He takes notes Lem's presentation, grading him. From his face, the grade far doesn't look good. From nearby, Lem hears: PSSSST. He turns to see SKIFF sitting nearby. Lem's age, Skiff is quirky, paranoid. He motions for Lem to keep going and gi him an encouraging thumbs up. Lem makes himself continue. He hits some buttons on the s machine as he narrates the following:
7) 0) text: Lem comes outside, looking glum. ON ECKLE AND SKIFF, waiting for the news. They exchange a concerned look.
7) 1) dialog: Did'ya get the job? Suddenly Lem brightens. He was misleading them.
7) 3) text: Lem, Skiff and Eckle are upbeat, walking walk down a suburban street. We see more of the neighborhood part of this town. The Milkman passes by and calls:
7) 21) dialog: (reverent) There it is... Two more days.
7) 25) dialog: Wait a minute, you're not going??? You said Humaniacs 2 was the best sequel since "I Married My Alien Abductor"!
7) 27) dialog: If I didn't know better I'd say you were an alien sent to make us think there's no aliens!
7) 29) dialog: They're here, Lem! Walking among us! Studying us using... (whispers, conspiratorial) ...the anal probe.
7) 31) dialog: The anus is the key to everything! This is said just as a shopping woman exits a store and winds up in the tight shot with them, in time to catch th homoerotic sentiment. Her face drops. Lem walks on and Skiff and Eckle follow. We leave the shocked woman to follow them.
7) 32) dialog: The government knows! They're hiding the evidence at Base 9! Base 9, Lem! Top, top, top, top.... extra top secret. I read all about it at work.
7) 35) dialog: (suddenly) I'm late! (heading inside) You'll believe me! When aliens possess your parents and eat your brain!
19) 1) dialog: Psssst! Skiff peeks out from behind a tree. Lem goes to him.
19) 2) text: Skiff?
19) 3) dialog: Shhhh! Replicants and zombies are everywhere. And you said there's no aliens!
19) 5) dialog: Standard drill. Snatch our bodies. Absorb our souls. They like our brains with a side of hot sauce. Skiff looks around secretly, then shows Lem some crudely drawn architectural plans.
19) 6) dialog: I'm building an air raid shelter. I'll have enough food for six months if you want to come.
19) 8) dialog: (recalls) Oh, and here, I got you this. Skiff tosses a cork to Lem.
19) 10) dialog: It's your best defense against the anal probe! You put it... Skiff starts to gesture to his butt. Lem interrupts.
19) 12) dialog: (realizes) Oh wait, I already used that one. Lem tosses the cork up like it was a hot coal. While Lem Lem turns head.
27) 0) text: Army trucks go by. Pause. Rover peers around the corner. Suddenly, a rock lands next to him. Rover stops, picks it up, examines it and grows excited. Happy, he stores it in his compartment. Then, another rock lands by him. Rover looks up and aroun Then, all at once a handful of rocks comes down. Rover ra to catch them all, excited as can be. WE FINALLY REVEAL SKIFF, coming out of a hole dug in his yard. He's been digging an air raid shelter. Skiff carries a huge rock, too big to be thrown from belo Just as he's ready to toss it, Skiff sees Rover staring a him. Skiff recoils. Rover eyes the rock. He really wants it. He approaches Skiff.
27) 1) dialog: Don't probe me! There's nothing up there you wanna see! But Rover comes closer. Skiff panics. He winds up and tos the rock at him. Rover catches it and dances with excitement. He holds it examines it, savors it and finally stores it in his inner compartment. He looks back at Skiff lovingly, grateful. Skiff realizes he's next. Horrified, expecting the worst runs off.
28) 0) text: Skiff enters and closes the door behind him. We don't see where he is yet. He runs right up to camera a la the end "Invasion of the Body Snatchers". He shouts:
28) 1) dialog: They're here! They're here now!! Can't you see?!! You're next!! (right to camera)
36) 14) dialog: I saw the alien! He has giant claws and an evil red eye! He tried to put me in his spell, but I just looked him right in the eye and... Suddenly sees Rover and Chuck. Rover rushes up affectionately and rubs Skiff's leg. Skiff faints. They all gather around him. Lem tries to shake him awake.
36) 18) dialog: You're not Lem! You're a replicant! (pinches Lem) Such an obvious fake! What've you done with Lem?!!
36) 20) dialog: It's kinda cute the way he does that. Lem jumps on the opportunity to calm Skiff down.
36) 22) dialog: (softening) I don't think so.
36) 24) dialog: (delighted) Look, he likes me! Suddenly, another knock at the door. Lem has had it.
36) 37) dialog: I-am-Spock! Skiff approaches Chuck like a zombie. Lem holds him back.
36) 39) dialog: (haughty) I think I know when I'm being mind- controlled.
37) 0) text: The door opens automatically, revealing an army jeep. The mind-controlled soldiers are in the front seat, Lem and Skiff in the backseat, Chuck and Rover hidden under the backseat. As the jeep starts up, Eckle climbs in.
39) 0) text: Lem and the others enter from the back door. This is a ge paradise, with full-sized sci-fi monster cut-outs, movie posters, props, etc. Skiff is freaked to have everyone in the store.
39) 1) dialog: Why does he have to be here? Lem sits, discouraged. Chuck absently picks up a comic bo
39) 7) dialog: Don't contaminate the merchandise!
39) 10) dialog: It has horns                         Lem rolls his eyes. The mind-controlled soldiers, trying one-up each other, step up to Chuck. As each speaks, he leans in front of the other to get closer to Chuck, each trying to become Chucks favorite zombie.
40) 5) dialog: These guys are driving me... (sees them, shouts) Watch out for your anus!!!! WHAM! Skiff beams Chuck with a nearby Sci-fi prop.
40) 8) dialog: I thought... The probe.
40) 10) dialog: (weakly) Harvesting body parts? Chuck GROANS.
40) 14) dialog: (lights up) Are you putting me in charge?
45) 0) text: REVEAL Skiff and Rover are playing fetch. Rover drops the ball at his feet. Skiff gets the ball and pets him.
45) 1) dialog: Good boy!
46) 0) text: The cameraman has set up the camera pointing inside throu a gap in the blind. THROUGH HIS POV we are able to see Chuck in the back room The sound guy quietly sticks his microphone through a sma opening in the window. Below them, Skiff and Rover play around on the floor.
62) 1) text: Skiff pokes his head out to see more soldiers. Rover sidl up to the digger, supplicating.
65) 1) dialog: Rover....! Skiff hangs back. Rover comes up behind the soldiers, rol up atop a truck and raises all his instruments to look hi most menacing. It works. A soldier points:
65) 3) dialog: Rover..... 2 ON LEM AND Chuck, concerned about Rover, but knowing this their chance. They turn and run. Their jeep is now in the clear. They get in and drive off
68) 0) text: Rover is led away by soldiers. From a distance, Skiff watches, despondent. Eckle joins him.
68) 1) dialog: Why did he do it? He had his whole life ahead of him! With Skiff looking down, only Eckle notices the car with and Chuck driving off towards the planetarium.
74) 0) text: Lem and Chuck stand on either side of the door. It's fair dark inside, so they can see the silhouettes of two omino figures entering. As they do, Lem and Chuck pounce. There's a SCUFFLE. Hard to tell who's winning. Suddenly the lights go on. It's Skiff and Eckle.
75) 13) dialog: Base 9! I told you it's real!
75) 17) dialog: It's too painful to talk about! Eckle gives him a consoling pat on the back.
76) 0) text: A walking scene, SLOW MOTION to music like in "The Right Stuff". Our characters seem mighty. After Chuck we see th alien costumes on Lem, Skiff, Eckle and Neera. With dangl extra arms, cardboard teeth, eyes on springs, the costume are a weird contrast to the mightiness of the moment. Chuck gives Lem a slow motion thumbs up. Lem returns it. Then, as things go to normal speed, Lem turns to Skiff:
76) 2) dialog: The police'll never recognize you.
85) 0) text: Chuck is doing the twist a la Travolta in "Pulp Fiction". People cheer. Chuck pulls Lem over and makes him dance too. ON LEM. He can't believe this. But as he reluctantly goes along, the crowd cheers more. What the hell, Lem does a little dance move. The crowd lo it. Lem smiles, having fun. He waves to Neera who stands with Skiff and Eckle. She looks around nervously, then starts smile, especially when she sees Lem on stage showboating. Chuck falls to the floor and does some hip-hop spins. Lem falls to the floor and joins him. The crowd loves it. ANGLE ON ROVER, approaching the rear of the crowd. REVEAL BEHIND HIM: Soldiers approach. ANGLE ON STAGE. Chuck and Lem jump to their feet and hold their arms for the cheering crowd. The Teacher steps back up to the microphone.
85) 10) dialog: Not the anus?? Lem steps forward.
93) 10) dialog: Yes you do. They turn to see Skiff with a dog carrier. He opens it to reveal ROVER. Excited, Rover wags his 'tail' and rushes u to Lem.
93) 14) dialog: (excited) We're going to Base 9!!!
95) 1) dialog: He thinks we found him. Lem looks around.
96) 7) dialog: No one's around, I'm not gonna get in trouble. Skiff pulls the door open and reaches for the candy bar. he picks it up, HOLD ON THE DISPLAY STAND which sinks dow A low, powerful rumbling begins. The whole building begin to shake violently. Lem looks at Skiff angrily. Skiff's e goes wide. He quickly takes coins from his pocket and hol them up, announcing:
96) 8) dialog: I'm paying! I'm paying! Suddenly, a monstrous NOISE from out front. They look out see: Slowly, unbelievably, the giant gas station SIGN begins t flip over. As it heads underground, its other side winds on top. Its other side is a ramp that leads downward. Lem and team are stunned silent.
107) 1) dialog: You think they know where we are? Suddenly shots ring out and bullets hit nearby.
113) 0) text: Chuck bolts out the ship and heads for Grawl. Skiff and Lem poke their heads out.
113) 3) dialog: Why?
120) 3) text: (to Eckle) Kid, how'd you like to be president of the Planet One Chuck Baker fan club? Eckle nods, proudly. Chuck reaches into his suit and pull out a massive stack of SIGNED HEADSHOTS. Chuck rises and sees Skiff. Then, he turns to Rover.
120) 10) text: You ever make it to earth, I'm in the phone book. Chuck gets in his ship. Everyone backs away. To a great swell of MUSIC, the ship takes off. People wav good-bye. ON LEM, watching, moved. He and Neera exchange a look and they kiss. Skiff and Rover see this, both touched. Skiff dabs his eyes with a handkerchief and hands it to Rover w does the same.