3) 0) text: The "BRANTFORD ---> 1 MI," marker, now weather-worn and covered with moss as -~ ALAN PARRISH, 12, small, thin, intense, pedals his bike up to a New England brick’ mill renovated to house a SHOE FACTORY. Super: Brantford, New Rampshire - 1969 Alan pedals into the factory's parking lot past a sign reading: " ri Shoes - Fou erations ual Alan throws down his bike down and enters
4) 0) text: Alan blows into an outer office, PANNING PAST A ‘SECRETARY, typing, who never looks up. He moves inside an inner office. “Sam Parrish, President" is stencilled on the door. It's oak-paneled, very masculine, with a monstrous desk and a leather chair. Below we see the factory floor. Alan sits in the empty chair. Picks up his father's pipe, tapping it on his palm, gesticulating with it. 2
4) 1) dialog: Have you seen my dad?
4) 3) dialog: I'm working here this summer. Ny
4) 4) text: Marjorie looks up for the first time. ALAN looks at his father's WINGTIP dress shoes next to his desk and CUT TO: INT. “PARRISH SHOES" ~ FACTORY FLOOR - DAY CLOSE on a pair of prototype hightop BASKETBALL SHOES in motion, walking down a corridor: un-dyed canvas, white rubber, no logo.
6) 0) text: Alan comes down the stairs from the office and trails after the executives. He catches up, coming alongside his father.
6) 1) dialog: Dad? Sam sees Alan but keeps addressing his managers.
6) 3) dialog: (more impatiently) Dad, where am I working?
6) 7) dialog: Hi Carl.
6) 9) text: wy Alan watches Carl. He gets an idea. Alan looks o.s,
7) 0) text: on which are hung safety goggles and heavy leather aprons identical to Carl's. PAN TO ALAN, wearing an oversized apron, adusting oversized goggles. we looks like "Fearless Fly." He walks across the floor to the machine diagonally placed on the line from Carl. Carl cannot see Alan, the line of vision being obstructed by hydraulic lines, electric cables, etc. — . Alan watches Carl a moment, then attempts to mimic Carl's actions. He turns to the control box, presses the "on" button. He begins to stamp out shoe soles. CARL looks up, alarmed.
7) 7) dialog: _Dad, you said I could work at the factory.
8) 0) text: Alan grabs his bike, mounts it, and pedals down the factory driveway. We hear a strange, supremely exotic DRUMMING SOUND. Alan stops. He looks around. He walks the bike toward --
9) 0) text: -- 50 feet away, BULLDOZERS and BACKHOES are excavating a huge hole for the foundation of a new building. A sign reads: "FUTURE OFFICES OF PARRISH SHOES." Alan leans his bike against the BRANTFORD ---> 1 MI marker. The DRUMS continue. Alan walks to the edge of the hole. CONSTRUCTION WORKERS come and go, oblivious to the sound. Are they all deaf? Suddenly there's a LOUD TRUCK HORN. The workers drop their tools and head for a SNACK TRUCK which is rolling into the construction site. Alan drops his bike and walks down into the hole.
10) 0) text: -- Alan pedals through this prosperous New England
11) 0) text: -- He passes the BRANTFORD COMMUNITY CENTER, a pretty white clapboarded building. It's being painted by VOLUNTEERS. They wave at Alan as he passes.
12) 0) text: A. large, grand, georgian revival mansion. Alan rolls up the driveway. He drops his bike and runs up the steps into the house, carrying the wooden box.
13) 0) text: The Parrish's immense, high-ceilinged living room. Alan enters. He sits on the chair and opens the wooden box. He sees what looks like a boardgame... . MRS. PARRISH (0.s.) Alan? You home from work already? Alan closes the gameboard; stashes it under the couch. cuT To:
14) 0) text: An endless mahogany table. ALAN is alone, sullenly toying with his dinner, looking very smail.
15) 0) text: Sam and Carol enter. Alan looks up.
15) 1) dialog: I still don't see why I can't go.
15) 3) dialog: I don't mind. Sam and Carol exchange a glance.
15) 5) dialog: I don't get along with kids my own age.
15) 7) dialog: Sarah's different. (pause) This isn't about Little League again?
15) 9) dialog: You're gonna send me away?
15) 11) dialog: I'll probably drown....
15) 15) dialog: Give me a break....
15) 17) dialog: Then you go. I'm staying. Sam turns to Carol.
15) 19) dialog: You can't make me. A pause. Father and son glare at each other. cm) SAM PARRISH CO I can't? : (a tense pause) You know something Alan? The more you want to be treated like an adult, the more you act like a child. They exchange a cold stare. Sam Parrish turns and....
15) 20) dialog: Drop dead. Sam Parrish stops in his tracks. Turns back.
15) 22) dialog: Drop dead. os
15) 24) text: Alan sits frowning at the brochure. He picks it up and tears it into’ a thousand pieces, The DRUMS begin again. Alan freezes. He looks around. Rises. Exits.
16) 0) text: Alan peers around the corner into the living roon. He waiks to the couch. Kneels. Pulls the game out. Leoks at it.
17) 0) text: Alan sits down at the coffee table. He unhooks the gameboard's brass clasps. Opens it. It's carved, handcrafted: a path of BLANK SQUARES winds past jungle animals, ending at the word JUMANJI. The board's center has a blank space. The illustrations are in a hyperbolic circus poster-style. There is a LEATHER DRAW-STRING pouch within. Alan opens the pouch and dumps the contents on the board: there are four TOKENS (carved, miniature African totems) and a pair of dice. Alan picks up the dice and one of the tokens. He examines it. The doorbell RINGS. * Alan puts the token down. and looks toward the door. As his hand withdraws, ni her, are sucke ° e (Alan does not see this) at the beginning of the jungle path. Alan rises, setting the dice on the coffee table.
18) 4) dialog: Hi Sarah.
18) 6) dialog: What's Billy Jessup doing here? Sarah doesn't answer Alan. Instead she turns to Billy and yells:
18) 8) dialog: You'll meet him where? Sarah steps past Alan; walks into the foyer, saying:
18) 10) dialog: (lying) Great. I'm working on the assembly ine. Alan moves inside and shuts the door, shutting off the sound of Billy's motorcycle.
19) 0) text: Alan follows Sarah through the foyer into the living room. Sarah stops near the coffee table (where the game is) and turns to Alan. 7.
19) 1) dialog: So - you ready for Saturday night? Dad says they're gonna have a tilt- a-whirl this year....
19) 5) dialog: Some kind of game. I found it at the factory. {comes up behind Sarah) Why aren't you going? Sarah picks up the dice. Starts nervously shifting them hand to hand. .
19) 7) dialog: Oh. Okay. (beat) With Billy?
19) 9) dialog: (finishing her sentence) ..-but Billy's fifteen and he has a motorcycle. . They stare at each other. A very uncomfortable moment. Sarah just wants to get out of there....
19) 12) dialog: You hear it too?
19) 14) text: Sarah looks at the gameboard and -- SARAH'S TOKEN slow dvances by itself to the sixth square. The drums stop. Sarah, frightened, approaches the board, then Alan.
19) 16) dialog: Must be magnetized. Alan looks at the gameboard's folding cover: Printed there are engraved RULES. Alan reads them:
19) 17) dialog: (reads instructions) "“JU-MAN-JI, a game for the bored and restless. Welcome to the safari." (scans) The first to get to the end of the path and yell "Jumanji" wins. Meanwhile Sarah is staring wide-eyed at the board. ‘ SARAH Alan, look.
19) 19) dialog: "At night they fly, you better run, these winged things are not much fun." The letters fade away. A moment passes. We HEAR a FLAPPING, FLUTTERING sound in the FIREPLACE. Sarah whirls around, spooked:
19) 21) dialog: . (grabs the dice) . Let me try it.
19) 23) dialog: “In the jungle you must wait, until the dice read five or eight." (curiously) In the jungle you must wait. What's that mean? SARAH, instead of answering, begins to tremble because - ALAN is turning to smoke. He is dematerializing, vaporizing right in front of her!
19) 24) dialog: What's happening....! (muting into a vague whine) Sarah roll! Roll the dice! Roollll the diiicccceee..... : SARAH blinks. He is gone. Alan Parrish is.gone. . Sarah scans the living room, trembling. She looks at the gameboard; ah's © INSERT - THE CENTER OF THE GAMEBOARD - there, in miniature, is a window into an exotic world: we glimpse green foliage and a river, and hear cawing birds. ALAN (v.o. distantly) Sarah! Sarah....!
47) 0) text: The Man enters the locked room. We see that it is ALAN PARRISH'S BEDROOM, preserved exactly as it was in 1969. A year book. A half-constructed model of a ship. A school picture of a Sarah Whittle at age 13. The room is dominated by a fireplace with a stone hearth and ornate oak mantle. THE MAN FROM JUMANJI paces around the room. The place seems very familiar to hin. He sees A STACK OF NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS.. The Man From Jumanji grabs the topmost clipping. INSERT - THE HEADLINE reads:
48) 12) dialog: (a crazy look) Where have I been? (cackles again, points at the Jumanji board) I've been in the jungle! He boits past the kids and runs out the front door!
49) 0) text: Alan exits the house. He walks across the lawn, looking in all directions at his old neighborhood. He approaches the street.
50) 0) text: We are the POV of the POLICE OFFICER looking through the front windshield as -- ‘ ALAN, dazed, looking around, wanders off the sidewalk into our path -- .
51) 0) text: The police car locks up it's brakes, SCREECHING -- ALAN whirls around. : % oe wo The cruiser is going to run him over. At the last second he leaps straight up as -- \_/ THE CRUISER lurches to a full stop and ALAN lands saf on the hood of the car. THE POLICE OFFICER throws open the door and gets out, screaming agitatedly:
51) 4) dialog: What year is it?
51) 7) dialog: No. I mean what year is it? JUDY AND PETER run up.
51) 12) text: a7 oO Meanwhile Bentley steps toward Judy, lowering his voice: He looks at Alan's strange appearance.
54) 10) dialog: : (shrugs) Go ahead. Finish it. And he sprints off down the street! Judy and Peter stand there a moment, at a loss. They look at each other, then run off toward the house. A rotund MAILMAN comes down the sidewalk. He stops, sneezing loudly and repeatedly, scratching his back ina hard to reach spot. .
55) 0) text: Alan runs past the Brantford Community Center (the white clapboarded building we saw in 1969). It is a shambles. The paint is peeled, weeds Have overtaken lawn, etc. There is a big CLOSED sign over the front door.
56) 0) text: BRANTFORD MAIN STREET, CIRCA 1994 - is nothing like it was in 1969. [It's now a string of pawn shops, liquor stores, and cheap diners. Derelict cars. Trash in the gutters. Many shops are boarded up. . ALAN stands at the corner confused, blinking:
56) 1) dialog: What's happened? What's happened here? He runs off, heading toward -- at
57) 0) text: The rotary and traffic island. A DRUNKEN DERELICT is asleep on the traffic island. The Civil War STATUE is painted with graffiti. An EMPTY BUDWEISER CAN is impaled on the GENERAL'S SWORD. ALAN walks up to-the statue. The brass plate on the base reads: GENERAL ANGUS PARRISH. Alan frowns. He thinks a moment, then he races off.
59) 0) text: Alan runs inside the factory. He looks around, confused, his mind racing. The once-thriving factory is a shambles. The assembly line machines are old and rusted. Birds fly in the rafters. Water drips down in puddles. Alan walks through the factory. He picks up a flattened "Parrish Shoes" shoebox. Stares at it. His brow knits. JUDY (0.s.) Alan!
59) 2) dialog: Where is everybody? My family owned this place. We employed over six hundred people. Made the best shoes in New England. Alan looks around, troubled, his emotions a combination “Ob 43. of ruefuiness and loss; he remembers the last time he saw his father.
59) 7) dialog: Dad? . He pushes open the door. The office is in stark contrast to what we saw in 1969. Wine bottles on floor. Trash everywhere. A BUM, about 65, hollow cheekbones, is staring out the window, smoking his pipe.
59) 8) dialog: Sorry, I...thought you were someone else. - (begins to go, stops) Where's the shoe factory? The bum looks at Alan, then back out the window.
59) 10) dialog: Did they build a new one?
59) 12) dialog: Bankrupt? When?
60) 0) text: Alan, Judy and Peter stand in silence, looking at the graves behind a waist high WROUGHT IRON FENCE. In the b.g., a steepled white church. Wind RUSTLES in the surrounding trees. Alan pushes open the gate. He kneels and brushes his mother's gravestone, clearing away the leaves with the flat of his hand. Alan brushes off his father's gravestone. He covers his face with his hands, remembering....
60) 1) dialog: (whispers) ...drop dead, dad....
61) 8) dialog: You miss him? Judy and Peter nod sadly. They walk along for a moment.
61) 10) dialog: Yeah, at first. Then.... (face hardens) «+-I guess I forgot about then. (beat) One thing I do remember.
61) 12) dialog: Hamburgers. I want a hamburger with ketchup and onions. And cheese and... . (savors the word) ..-french fries. CUT To: A SIGN reading: "NO SHOES, NO SHIRT, NO SERVICE," and
61) 13) text: EXT. BRANTFORD MAIN STREET - DINER ¥* ALAN, barefoot and shirtless, staring at the "No shoes, no shirt" sign. JUDY and PETER stand behind hin.
62) 0) text: ALAN, in stay-pressed slacks and a button-downed shirt, staring at -- A FIFTY FOOT LONG WALL OF SNEAKERS - Nike, Reebok, Keds, Converse, etc.
62) 2) dialog: Well, what do you know...
63) 0) text: -~ ALAN, who grabs the coke in mid-air and drinks it in one sWallow; then he eats every last crumb on his plate and BELCHES loudly; his plate is spotless. Three other plates of food (another hamburger, chili, etc.) await. THE WAITRESS stares at Alan. TWO TRUCKDRIVERS seated down the counter stare at Alan. During the following, A WOMAN in a side booth SNEEZES periodically.
63) 2) dialog: (without looking up) 1969. The waitress frowns at Alan and walks off. One of the Truckdrivers grunts:
63) 6) dialog: What?
63) 8) dialog: Changed my mind. Judy and Peter look at each other.
63) 10) dialog: You want me to help you play the game? I've been playing it for twenty-five years. I'm not going . Near the damn thing. The SNEEZING WOMAN from the side booth exits. Her arms twitch. They twitch again, more violently.
63) 13) dialog: Call a zoo.
63) 18) dialog: None o' your business.
64) 0) text: Alan exits, followed by Judy and Peter.
64) 2) dialog: Well let's see. What are my prospects? On the up side, I'm thirty-eight, in great shape, not bad looking and I own a little real estate - better tell your mother you've got a new landlord. On the down side, I'm thirty-eight, untrained, no college education, ny best friend's a tree sloth and I haven't taken a bath in twenty-five years. College? Maybe. Law school? Not out of the question. A wifg? Kids? Why not?.. What am I going to do? I'M GONNA LIVE MY LIFE. Alan walks off. We HEAR a SIREN and cars begin to pull over. AN AMBULANCE VAN comes racing down, Mabn Street. We hear TIRES SQUEALING in the opposite direction as -- A CAR veers erratically down the street. The Ambulance tries to avoid the car but it's too late. The vehicles clip each other, fishtail, and lurch to a stop in front of Alan, Judy and Peter.
64) 8) dialog: What came out of the game before me?
64) 11) dialog: (hands six inches apart) +..a Mosquito about this big? PETER» Itchy twitchy, sneezy fever, right?
64) 12) dialog: Listen to me: get as far away as you possibly can and stay indoors the rest of your life. He starts walking away. The kids look at each other. JUDY ’ Alan! Wait! They hustle after him, catching up. A MOTHER exits a store, pushing a baby stroller. She nearly bumps into Alan. The woman bends to her BABY BOY in the stroller. The little boy's face is flushed red. He sneezes,
64) 15) dialog: They're all gonna die.
64) 17) dialog: You itch for a day, twitch for a couple more, then you die. The kids look at each other. They're really scared.
64) 19) dialog: I know. (looks at Mrs. Thomas car) . Anybody here know how to drive?
65) 0) text: -We hear an ENGINE, and GRINDING GEARS. Mrs. Thomas' car ROARS INTO FRAME, flattening the stop sign at the corner, the neighbor's picket fence, finally the Parrish mailbox. ALAN turns off the ignition.
65) 1) dialog: Piece o' cake. Everyone climbs out. cUT TO:
66) 0) text: Judy and Peter sit at the coffee table in front of the. game. ALAN is at the window pulling shut the drapes, talking to himself. uw ray o™ ALAN j Have fun, kiddos, this time I'm on the sidelines.... IUDY tosses the dice. They roll to a stop. Nothing happens. Judy's piece does not move.
66) 2) dialog: I did my time in hell. Better you than me.... Judy tosses the dice again. Nothing happens.
66) 4) dialog: No. No. NO. NO NOOOCOOCOO. It's not your turn.
66) 7) dialog: No. Look.
66) 9) dialog: If these two are yours, who's are those? One of 'em's mine. BACK TO SCENE - ALAN looks from Judy to Peter. They don't understand. y
66) 10) dialog: Don't you get it? You're playing . the game [ started. In nineteen I sixty-nine. oe PETER So who's turn is it? wu w
66) 12) dialog: My next door neighbor, and who knows where she is now? (remembering) Sarah Whittle. Peter and Judy turn to each other.
67) 0) text: Judy and Peter watch as -~ Alan comes down the stairs. He has shaved. Poorly. His face is covered with pieces of toilet paper.
67) 1) dialog: She's not married, is she?
67) 3) dialog: What do you want? I've never shaved before. (begins pulling off toilet paper) Alan turns to face the kids. He looks like hell.
67) 4) dialog: How do I look?
68) 0) text: The foyer and living room is thoroughly trashed. We hear SCREAMING in an adjacent room, then many SCUTTLING FEET. Alan pushes open the door as -- AN ANTIQUE GLOBE comes rolling down a fan-shaped staircase. Alan steps aside. The globe rolls out the door. Alan looks at the top of the stairs at -- TWO JUMANJI MONKEYS AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS who smile at him, chatter, and run away. Alan runs into the room where we hear Sarah SCREAMING.
68) 3) dialog: Don't panic. The monkeys aren't going to hurt you. SARAH . They're yours? You from the circus or something? I've already called the police. (points a finger) You're in big touble, pal.
68) 4) dialog: Sarah, they're not my monkeys. —~
68) 8) dialog: -They came from the game, Sarah.
68) 10) dialog: When you were thirteen, you played a game with a kid down the street. Saran's eyes go wide. Her hands go to her face. She begins to tremble.
68) 11) dialog: The game with the bats, Sarah. At the mention of "bats," Sarah shudders.
68) 13) dialog: Because I was there. Sarah looks at Alan closely. She sharply inhales.
69) 0) text: Alan comes down the porch stairs with Sarah over his shoulder.
69) 2) dialog: No, I didn't hit her. Peter and Judy follow Alan down the street.
70) 4) dialog: (matter-of-factly) -- No. -- Sounds about right.
70) 8) dialog: Throw the dice. Just once.
70) 10) dialog: Prove it. Throw the dice. If nothing happens you can go home, call the police, and have me locked up. They stare at each other. Alan holds the dice for Sarah in his outstretched palm. Sarah sighs. Capitulates. on ov She grabs the dice from Alan. She walks to the board, drops the dice, and exits.... The DRUMS begin. Sarah freezes, She sloooowly turns. Walks back to the board. HER TOKEN slides forward. Her RHYME appears. SARAH'S EYES widen.
70) 11) dialog: Go on. Read it.
70) 15) dialog: Let's entertain a notion of getting the hell out of here. The tendrils are BLOOMING into PURPLE FLOWERS the size of sunflowers. JUDY ’ Why? They’ re beautiful. Peter and Judy reach out to touch them.
70) 17) dialog: Don't! They shoot poison barbs.
70) 18) text: VINE TENDRILS begin circling PETER'S FEET. ALAN (cont'd) And look out for the big yellow ones.
72) 1) dialog: We'll finish the game right here. Whatever happens, we keep playing. We stop for nothing. If I tell you to do something, do it. (to Peter, pointedly) If I tell you not to do something...
72) 3) dialog: I did. You want to vote on it?
72) 5) dialog: Fine. Who thinks I should be in charge? Alan, Judy, and Peter raise their hands. Sarah grits her teeth.
72) 7) dialog: (pointedly) Yeah, Sarah, since nineteen sixty nine. "In the jungle you must wait, until the dice read five. or ‘eight?" Remember?
72) 9) dialog: Just something I've been asking
72) 11) text: ALAN (cont'd) myself for, oh, about twenty-six years while I waited under a stinking palm tree for somebody to ROLL A DAMN FIVE OR EIGHT.
72) 15) dialog: The dice. Sarah frowns. Hands Alan the dice. Alan shakes the dice and rolls for the first time since 1969, and reads:
72) 16) dialog: "There is a hunter proud and true, it's not your day, he's mad at you.” Alan rises quickly as if expecting the worst. He looks around nervously.
72) 17) dialog: Oh no. Van Pelt.
72) 20) text: 6c. VAN PELT leans in the bay window and BLASTS again. The shots RIP into the moulding, missing Alan by inches. Van Pelt climbs into the library and moves past -- SARAH, JUDY, and PETER, who cringe in terror.
73) 0) text: ALAN dashes down the corridor for the front door. van Pelt emerges from the library, drawing another bead. Alan pulls the sabre from his belt and heaves it at Van Pelt, javelin style. The sabre rips through the sleeve of Van Pelt's bush jacket and SPROING!. sticks into the wall, pinning Van Pelt, throwing off his aim. Alan dashes out the front door. . Van Pelt rips the jacket from the sabre and pursues.
74) 0) text: ALAN bursts from the house, sprinting across the front lawn and down the street. VAN PELT exits calmly, reloading. He FIRES again, then follows Alan down the street.
75) 0) text: BENTLEY, at Sarah's house, looks up, wide-eyed, as -- ALAN sprints down the street past him. VAN PELT, walking quickly, precisely, comes down the street, aiming yet again.
76) 0) text: .The foursome reenters. They take their places around the gameboard. Alan picks up the dice and hands them to Judy. Judy begins to roll. Sarah restrains her hand.
76) 2) dialog: (sighs) His name's Van Pelt. He hunts. Right now he happens to be hunting me. PETER ’ He hunts people?
76) 4) dialog: Run like hell. Alan hands the dice to Judy. 62. Judy rolls; her piece moves; her rhyme appears on the —~ board. She stares blankly at her rhyme. ue . ALAN Go ahead, read it. JUDY'S face reddens. She looks at PETER with beseeching eyes. Peter leans over to read Judy's rhyme.
76) 6) dialog: Wait a minute. (turns to Judy) It's your turn, you read it. Judy doesn't respond. Another pause.
76) 8) dialog: What do you mean she can't....? ‘ (turns on Judy again) li How old are you? — JUDY (uneasy) Twelve.
76) 9) dialog: You're twelve and you can't read? (beat) You're kidding, right? You're not kidding. Judy turns away, trembling with embarrassment. Her face scrunches up; she's nearly crying.
76) 13) dialog: There. You're fine.
76) 15) dialog: (turns to Judy) Look, I'll read it myself, okay? (reads Judy's rhyme) "Don't be fooled, it isn't thunder; staying put would be a blunder." A slight RUMBLING is heard in the distance.
76) 18) dialog: Stampede! Alan grabs Judy and Peter and hauls them across the room, pushing Sarah in front of him just as -- e@ wa. 2 i ma, -- A HERD OF RHINOCEROSES bursts through the BOOKSTACK and charges across the library! Sarah and the kids, looking over their shoulders, SCREAM! ALAN pushes everyone into the hallway and -- INT. PARRISH HOME - HALLWAY . -- They race pell mell toward the living room. The RHINOCEROS HERD smashes through the library's french doors and comes after them! Behind the rhinos is a HERD OF ELEPHANTS! The rhinoceroses bear down on then. Their HOOF BEATS are deafening. Their SNORTING BREATH is six feet away! c™~ The FOUR PLAYERS DIVE into the living room as the animals ROAR past them down the hallway, SMASHING the west wall of the house to bits; THEY STAMPEDE RIGHT THROUGH IT into the side lawn.
77) 1) dialog: Hey! No you don't. Its too late. THE PELICAN, gameboard clenched in bill, lifts off from the coffee table, taking flight. Alan, Sarah, Peter and Judy chase it across the room. .
77) 2) dialog: Wait a minute! Damn it, come back! The pelican flies out the shattered living room window and lifts above the trees, flying toward town. The foursome stands at the window, grim, in silence. Suddenly a TELEPHONE RINGS, the sound muffled. . Judy and Peter look at each other, gulping. Judy follows the RINGING to its source. She pulls the TELEPHONE out from under a bunch of rubble. Answers:
79) 4) dialog: Pelicans like water.
83) 0) text: THE CAMERA MOVES headlong through REEDS ‘and BULLRUSHES. TWO HANDS gently part the reeds before us, revealing -- THE PELICAN standing on a BIG FLAT ROCK in the river close to the riverbank. This is an enormous bird. The JUMANJI GAMEBOARD sits at his feet, precariously hanging over the rock's edge. The river swirls below! ALAN, on his hands and knees in the bullrushes, watches the pelican. Alan creeps across the bank onto the big rock. He tip-toes across the rock to the pelican. The pelican suddenly turns. Glares at Alan.
84) 0) text: A low bridge, about 100 feet long, connecting the Parrish neighborhood to the town center. Alan and the pelican are below, upstream, 50 yards from the bridge. PETER, JUDY and SARAH stand on the bridge watching Alan, whispering:
85) 0) text: Alan, on hands and knees, creeps forward. His hand extends, sloooowly, toward the GAMEBOARD.
85) 2) dialog: Hey there, bud. You got something of mine. I want it back. Just a foot away now. Now six inches. Alan lunges for the board. The pelican SNAPS at Alan's hand, nipping it. Alan falls on his butt, grabbing his sore hand. The pelican, a rather territorial fellow, glares at him.
85) 3) dialog: You son-of~a....
87) 0) text: Alan is perched on the edge of the rock opposite the pelican, looking into THE WATER.
87) 1) dialog: Okay, let's try the barter system. Alan pauses a second, then, like a Metabale Tribesman, thrusts his hands into the water. His hands emerge holding....A BIG FLAPPING FISH! ON THE BRIDGE ~ SARAH, PETER and JUDY watch this feat with utter awe. Even SARAH, in CLOSE-UP is amazed, and she whispers to herself:
87) 4) dialog: Ya like that do you? He tosses the fish across the rock. The pelican LUNGES at it, swallowing it whole as -~ ALAN grabs for the gameboard. But it falls in the river! The current takes it quickly downstream, moving toward the iron bridge! Oo 69. ALAN sprints across the face of the rock and leaps, in acrobatic succession, to FOUR OTHER ROCKS jutting up in the river, with each rock moving closer to the bridge. Alan leaps from the last rock to the BRIDGE TRESTLE, clinging tO the trestle with his hands. He pulls his feet up, lodging them in the trestle, then hangs upside down over the rushing current as -- THE GAMEBOARD comes WHOOSHING by. Alan snags the gameboard out of the river and pulls himself up to the trestle. He climbs up to the bridge. JUDY and PETER run over to Alan, CHEERING. They pat hin on the back. Alan hands Peter the gameboard. Sarah stands off at a distance.
91) 0) text: The foursome is walking from the bridge. Alan and Sarah in the lead, the kids following behind.
91) 2) dialog: I never thought I'd see you - or anybody - again. (beat) Why are you still in Brantford? What'd you use to call it? Blandford? : (Sarah smiles, remembering) Sarah, what's happened to you? I thought you were on your way to New York to become an actress? .
91) 4) dialog: You never got married?
91) 6) dialog: What de you do now?
91) 8) dialog: (smiles) Really? Novels?
91) 10) dialog: Oh. A pause. They look at each other.
91) 11) dialog: I‘m sorry Sarah.
91) 13) dialog: I found the damn thing. (beat) Did you ever think about me? » SARAH ‘ Every day for twenty-six years. Did you think of me? . Before Alan can answer.... JUDY (0.s.) Peter, don't! 72. Alan and Sarah look over at -- oy DOWN THE STREET - PETER AND JUDY are kneeling over the ~ game. Alan and Sarah run over to them.
91) 16) dialog: (to Peter) You did what? Peter nervously stares at his shoes.
91) 18) dialog: A law of Jumanji having been broken; You will slip back even more than your token. PETER'S TOKEN moves backward to the beginning space. BACK TO SCENE ~ ALAN glares at Peter.
91) 20) dialog: (biting) That was really smart.
91) 22) dialog: You know how dangerous this thing is.
91) 24) dialog: Sorry's not good enough. If you were twenty years older I'd beat the living.... Cc. SARAH . He's not twenty years older. Leave him alone. He's just a kid.
91) 26) dialog: Well I'm sorry, Sarah, I wouldn't know what that's like. I didn't have time to be a kid. Alan stalks off. Then: JUDY (0o.s.) Your hand, Peter. Look at yeur hand. Alan whirls around. Everyone is looking at Peter Peter holds up his hand. He holds up the other. Both are growing dark fur!
92) 0) text: Bentley at the wheel passes Alan and the others. He doubletakes. He slams on the brakes; throws the cruiser in reverse.
93) 0) text: The cruiser, tires SQUEALING, backs up at 20 m.p.h., moving back toward the foursome. ALAN turns to Peter. ALAN . Hide it. Peter quickly grabs the gameboard and folds it up. THE POLICE CRUISER lurches to a Stop. BENTLEY gets out, radio in hand.
93) 13) text: ur BENTLEY . Don't you go anywhere - I'm gonna want some answers from you. As Alan disappears into the cruiser, he worriedly looks at SARAH, JUDY and PETER. The cruiser roars off, heading back to town.
95) 0) text: Bentley drives. Alan, handcuffed next to Bentley, looks out the window at the passing buildings.
95) 1) dialog: The town's sure changed.
95) 7) dialog: I grew up here.
95) 9) dialog: Yes you have, Carl.
95) 11) dialog: You worked at Parrish Shoes.
95) 13) dialog: On the stamping line.
95) 15) dialog: What? He did?
95) 17) dialog: Well, if it's any consolation, I apologize.
95) 19) dialog: For getting you fired.... (beat) +..Sole Man. Bentley looks in the rear view mirror, studying Alan's face. His eyes widen; he sharply inhales. It hits him like a hammer.
97) 0) text: Judy, Sarah, and Peter walking along. The crosshairs jump back and forth as Van Pelt searches for Alan. Again the crosshairs fall on -- THE JUMANJI GAMEBOARD in Judy's hands.
103) 0) text: Alan (nis hands now uncuffed) and Bentley lean against Bentley's cruiser. Bentley's laughing, shaking his head. He can't get over it....
103) 2) dialog: I guess you could say I got lost.
103) 4) dialog: Couldn't have been that big a deal.
103) 6) dialog: I caused that?
103) 15) dialog: Carl, I can't explain now but this is for your own good. ALAN tosses Bentley's keys across the road, turns, and sprints down the street, leaving -- BENTLEY locked to his car door, SCREAMING --
109) 0) text: Peter and Judy are crouched outside the store. They hear FOOTSTEPS and turn to see --- ~~ ALAN running up to them, out of breath.
109) 1) dialog: Where's Sarah? ,
110) 5) dialog: Van Pelt. There is a can of kerosene on your head. Put the flare down. Van Pelt just smiles. Begins to ignite the flare.
110) 6) dialog: Do not light that! Van Pelt strixes the flare, It ignites. Van Pelt cocks his wrist to throw the flare; the flame leaps from it to the kerosene can stuck to his head! A PLUME OF FLAME bursts skyward from Van Pelt's pith helmet! He struggles with the chin strap. He can't get the bloody thing off! .
111) 3) dialog: Come on!
111) 8) dialog: When we finish the game. c'mon. Peter hops down and --
113) 0) text: Alan, Sarah, Peter and Judy approach the Parrish Home. ALAN is looking SARAH over; specifically, her dress and stockings; she looks unbelievably desirable. ALAN and SARAH lock eyes. Alan, up to this point, has not looked upon Sarah in a romantic way.
113) 2) dialog: Nice dress. Should we keep playing or do you want te go back to your boyfriend?
113) 4) dialog: You kissed him. I can't believe you kissed Van Pelt. I mean Sarah, c'mon, are you that desperate?
113) 7) dialog: Sure looked that way to me.
113) 9) dialog: Jealous? Of her and Van Pelt? (outraged) You think I'm jealous of Sarah and Van Pelt? :
113) 12) dialog: Jealous? Who're you kidding.... (he walks off) Give me a break.... Alan stalks off, ahead of the group. Peter runs to catch up with Alan. Sarah and Judy are twenty paces behind.
113) 14) text: My dad was like you ~ adventurous - and he knew all sorts of people. (stops himself) Maybe I shouldn't say this... (beat) You remind me of my dad. Alan. stops. He turns to Peter.
113) 15) dialog: Peter, I'm not your dad. I don't know anything about being a dad. I didn't even know anything about being a son. Alan walks ahead, leaving Peter standing there.
114) 0) text: The foursome walks up the walkway, Alan opens the front door, followed by the others.
116) 0) text: The four players around the coffee table. The game is about to resume. We PAN from face to face. SARAH. JUDY. ALAN. PETER. (he's a monkey) Peter picks up the dice.
116) 9) dialog: 
116) 11) dialog: 
116) 14) dialog: Alan and the others turn to see -- TWO 25 FOOT CROCODILES, as big and as terrifying as great white sharks, paddling down the hallway toward the. living room.
116) 15) dialog: 
116) 21) dialog: 
116) 26) dialog: 
118) 0) text: It's like somebody let the cork out of a bathtub. Alan and ‘the crocodile are swimming against the tidal pull of the flushing water, like they're swimming in Place. The crocodile flushes out the door. Alan grabs the side of the doorway and hangs on as the water and furniture and everything else in the bloody Place flushes out into the street. He gets up quickly and hops up onto the table. He helps down Judy and Peter. Next comes Sarah. She slides down into Alan's arms. They stand there on the table. Their faces are close.
118) 2) dialog: Come on! They dash for the stairs. Judy still has the gameboard.
119) 0) text: The foursome sprints up the stairs. Alan leads them down the corridor.
119) 2) dialog: The music room! Alan opens the music room door and they pile inside.
120) 0) text: Like the other rooms, grand and imposing. Instruments on the walls. A bookcase of sheet music. A coffee table and chairs, a loveseat, and a big sofa. An ENORMOUS GRAND PIANO in the corner. The foursome sits in chairs around the coffee table. They're all business now. No one speaks. Alan rolls. His piece slides forward; he reads:
120) 2) dialog: Get away! Quicksand! Sarah grabs the dice, Peter grabs the game board. Everyone dives from their seats and tumbles away as - THE FLOOR BENEATH ALAN becomes a churning POOL OF ‘QUICKSAND. It enlarges. Then more and more until the ir With Alan in its center! Alan frantically clings to a chair, then a coffee table. He's engulfed in sand, and going down fast. Sarah, Judy and Peter watch in horror. They are frozen, paralyzed with fear. s
120) 4) dialog: Sarah, think of something....
120) 8) dialog: Somebody think of something.... Everybody looks around frantically. Sarah sees a MUSIC STAND in the corner.
120) 12) dialog: You honeheads! Stop giving ne things that come apart! SARAH sees a CURTAIN CORD running up the wall. She . pulls it down and throws one end to Alan. Sarah and Peter grab hold of the other end and PULL. It's no use. Alan. continues to sink. JUDY, meanwhile, is kneeling next to the board. She makes a quick decision. She picks up the dice and throws them. Her piece moves. Her rhyme appears. She begins mouthing the rhyme. .
120) 18) dialog: I thought you couldn't read.
120) 20) dialog: Sarah and I would like to get out of the floor now. I believe it is Peter's turn. 2
120) 21) text: Peter fetches the gameboard and dice. Sarah and Alan are almost kissing.
120) 23) dialog: What?
120) 25) dialog: Every day for twenty-six years. They exchange a tense smile. Peter rolls. His piece moves. Peter reads:
120) 28) dialog: You gotta be kidding me.... (snaps out of it; frantically now) They like wood! Give 'em furniture! Peter and Judy drag furniture across the rug in front of the ant's path.
122) 0) text: B222222 - the coffee table begins to slowly sink to the floor as the ants tear into the legs! 98. Alan stares at the shrinking coffee table in terror.
123) 0) text: comes racing down the stairs. He turns the corner and runs down the hallway toward the back door. CAMERA PANS from PETER exiting the shot to -- NORA entering, looking around in horror at the carnage. She walks to the living room. Looks up at -- ALAN'S LEGS and SARAH'S HANDS stuck through the ceiling, dangling in the middle of the living room. She hears SCREAMING above. She goes upstairs. Cb
127) 0) text: PETER enters with the axe. JuDY‘S rolling the GRAND PIANO into the path of the oncoming ants, which instantly rip into it, BZZ2Z22z2. The piano begins to slowly lower.... JUDY grabs the axe from Peter. She begins to furiously CHOP the rug and floorboards around Sarah's hands. One hand is freed. Then the other. Sarah pulls her hands out and grabs the axe from Judy. Sarah begins to CHOP the rug and floorboards around ALAN'S HEAD. Alan closes his eyes, flinching.
127) 1) dialog: Uhh...be careful with that Sarah.... THE ARMY ANTS are five feet away, moving through the grand piano, BZZ22Z, like a chainsaw.... SARAH is chopping furiously. She chops through the rug and floorboards on one side of Alan's head. She chops through the rug and floorboards on the other side. Wood is flying everywhere. Suddenly Alan's hands wriggle free from the splintered floorboards! And now he can move his neck! THE ANTS are finished with the grand piano - the only things uneaten are the pedals and the piano wire! And on the ants come, swarming for Alan's head! ALAN wriggles free and pulls himself up as the ants swarm around the hole in which he was trapped.
128) 1) dialog: Who is that?
128) 3) dialog: The attic! Come on! cuT To:
129) 0) text: They enter. Alan lays Nora Shepherd on the floor. Peter sets down the gameboard. Peter and Judy kneel over their mother. Judy panics.
129) 2) dialog: Don't worry! We can end the game! Look! INSERT - THE GAMEBOARD - the four TOKENS are grouped near "JUMANJI." Two are closer than the others.
129) 4) dialog: Sarah and Judy are close but I'm closest. Sarah needs a....one two three four... (counts spaces) ».-mine or higher. Judy needs a...seven or better. (beat) All I need is a five. : —™
130) 0) text: Alan grabs the dice. He grabs for the gameboard but -- THE GAMEBOARD falls between the sections of house and lands, precariously, between two severed floorboards.
131) 0) text: -- in the center of the living room. Alan sets the boardgame on the floor and pulls the dice from his pocket. He calls upstairs.
131) 1) dialog: Hang on, I'm almost there! I can end the game with my next roll! He's about to toss the dice when suddenly.... . VAN PELT (0.s.) DON'T MOVE. Alan whirls around. Across the living room comes -- VAN PELT, his pith helmet burned and scorched. Only the ribs of the helmet remain. He trains his rifle on Alan. Van Pelt cannot see from this vantage point the GAMEBOARD on the floor behind the couch. — He crosses the room. Gun leveled at Alan's head.
131) 3) dialog: Nothing.
131) 10) dialog: Jumanji! -- as VAN PELT pulls the trigger.
131) 16) dialog: (same) Peter. Sam Parrish renters the foyer, his 3X5 cards in hand.
131) 18) dialog: Dad? Alan gets up and walks into the foyer. Father and son stare at each. oN 7
131) 23) dialog: I'm sorry about what I said. I'll go to camp if you want me to. The break from the hug, regarding each other. Alan's tone has been uncharacteristically sincere. Sam is still surprised and somewhat skeptical.
131) 25) dialog: No catch. I just want to be a kid. Alan smiles. And Sam Parrish, startled by this exchange, smiles back.
131) 27) dialog: Today in the factory? It wasn't Carl Bentley's fault. It was mine. Sam Parrish stares at Alan, non-plussed.
131) 29) dialog: It's like we never played. b
132) 0) text: Alan and Sarah, riding double on Alan's bike, pedal up to the bridge. Sarah holds a PAPER GROCERY BAG. They stop in the middle. Sarah holds open the bag; Alan reaches inside. He pulls out the JUMANJI Box; it's clasped shut; two big ROCKS have been tied to it with twine. Alan steps to the railing and heaves the box over. The JUMANJI BOX plunges into the turbulent river, landing with a SPLASH!! Alan and Sarah watch the game submerge.
132) 2) dialog: Me too. That's okay, as long as we don't forget each other.
133) 0) text: Once again Brantford is picturesque, prosperous and active: it's an updated, 1995 version of the town we saw when 12 year-old Alan Parrish was riding his bike in
135) 2) dialog: See ya tomorrow, Carl.
137) 0) text: Alan, @ressed casually, is on the phone. In the background we see DISHES OF PREPARED FOOD.
137) 1) dialog: And the new wing turned out a lot better than we thought.... The front door bell RINGS. The kitchen door opens. SARAH pushes open the door. She enters the kitchen. She is several months pregnant.
137) 3) dialog: -Listen, dad, my new marketing director's in town and they've come for dinner. (beat) Great... Give mom my love. Alan hangs up and smiles at Sarah. They exit into the hallway. IN THE FOYER - together they go to the front door. They pause a second, then Alan opens the door. A MAN stands in the threshold, mid 30's, smartly dressed, with intelligent eyes. He smiles broadly and extends his hand.
137) 5) dialog: (shaking his hand) Jim! Welcome aboard! Sarah extends her hand.
137) 10) dialog: Come in, come in! Alan ushers in Judy and Peter and their parents. They move into the living room, Nora and her children gazing around at the grand space.
137) 14) dialog: Call this a "welcome to Parrish Shoes present.” Go ahead, open them. Judy and Peter excitedly take the shoe boxes from Alan. SARAH turns to NORA.
138) 0) text: CAMERA looks through the foyer windows as Alan and Sarah and the Shepherds move inside, their voices continuing: ALAN (v.0.) you're dad's going to find a way to market it, Peter. Did you know he's an advertising genius?