51) 3) dialog: Step up on the sidewalk, please. Alan is looking at Bentley's police car. To Alan, it is futuristic, and he is amazed.
51) 5) dialog: It's brand new.
51) 9) dialog: Do you know this man?
51) 11) dialog: You the people who just moved in? CLOSE ON ALAN as he does the arithmetic, mouthing the words: : ALAN (whispering to self) oe Nineteen sixty nine to nineteen ninety five that's....twenty six years...? oN
51) 12) text: a7 oO Meanwhile Bentley steps toward Judy, lowering his voice: He looks at Alan's strange appearance.
51) 13) dialog: Is your uncle supposed to be out by -himself? Is he...okay upstairs? Judy and Peter notice, over Bentley's shoulder -- BY THE POLICE CAR ~ TWO JUMANJI MONKEYS climb through the window of the cruiser.
53) 2) dialog: Jumanji?
54) 0) text: ONE MONKEY jumps onto Bentley's riot gun, locked in its dashmounted bracket. The monkey cocks the gun and pulls on the trigger. : THE RIOT GUN DISCHARGES, blowing a huge hole in the roof of the cruiser, destroying Bentley's LIGHT BAR.
54) 3) dialog: What the....? The cruiser accelerates.
54) 6) dialog: Don't you go anywhere! Bentley turns and sprints off down the street, following the monkey-commandeered cruiser. JuDY and PETER watch Bentley, their jaws dropping. ALAN turns and jogs the other way, heading toward town.
71) 0) text: BENTLEY'S CRUISER, dented and shot tovhell, sits at the curb. BENTLEY'S on his c.b., looking at the house.
71) 1) dialog: I'm over at the Whittle residence, chief: There's signs of a ‘disturbance but no one's home. (beat) Will do. Ten four, over. uo wo Bentley hangs up the receiver. He turns and looks down the street at the Parrish house.
75) 0) text: BENTLEY, at Sarah's house, looks up, wide-eyed, as -- ALAN sprints down the street past him. VAN PELT, walking quickly, precisely, comes down the street, aiming yet again.
75) 1) dialog: (0.8.)
75) 3) dialog: 
75) 5) dialog: I got an armed and dangerous perpetrator on Blair Street! A caucasian male with one helluva big gun! Ten four, over! (gets behind the wheel) Don't go anywhere. I mean nobody. Bentley ROARS off, tires SQUEALING. Alan comes back down the street. SARAH, JUDY, and PETER run up. They stare at Alan and --
82) 0) text: VAN PELT exits the pawnshop ‘vith the high-powered rifle. He smiles, revealing many gold teeth. DOWN THE STREET - A POLICE CRUISER pulls onto Main St. Van Pelt stows the rifle under his cape and ducks into THE ALLEY next to the pawn shop as -- OFFICER BENTLEY drives by, scanning the street in front of him, talking on his c.b. radio. cut TO:
92) 0) text: Bentley at the wheel passes Alan and the others. He doubletakes. He slams on the brakes; throws the cruiser in reverse.
93) 0) text: The cruiser, tires SQUEALING, backs up at 20 m.p.h., moving back toward the foursome. ALAN turns to Peter. ALAN . Hide it. Peter quickly grabs the gameboard and folds it up. THE POLICE CRUISER lurches to a Stop. BENTLEY gets out, radio in hand.
93) 1) dialog: I got him, chief. Right in front of me, Bring him in? Right, ten four, over and out. He hangs up the receiver. Warily approaches the foursome.
93) 4) dialog: You know these people, Miss Whittle? SARAH . It's all right, Carl. They're my heighbors.
93) 5) dialog: (points at Alan) What about him?
93) 7) dialog: Don't lie to me. I know something's going on. Bentley stares at Sarah. She nervously stares back. Bentley approaches Alan.
93) 8) dialog: A whole lotta weirdness started about the time I saw you this morning. (sternly) Who are you? Don't give me any of this "Peace Corps" b.s. Show me some I.D. A nervous pause. Alan doesn't move.
93) 9) dialog: You're gonna have to come down to the station for some questioning. Another nervous pause. And Alan sprints off! A GUNSHOT splits the air, then: BENTLEY (0.s.)
93) 11) dialog: Turn around. Hands on the car, feet spread. Bentley shoves Alan against his cruiser. Frisks him. Cuffs him. Bentley shoves Alan into the cruiser, saying to Sarah, Judy and Peter:
93) 13) text: ur BENTLEY . Don't you go anywhere - I'm gonna want some answers from you. As Alan disappears into the cruiser, he worriedly looks at SARAH, JUDY and PETER. The cruiser roars off, heading back to town.
95) 0) text: Bentley drives. Alan, handcuffed next to Bentley, looks out the window at the passing buildings.
95) 6) dialog: How would you know?
95) 8) dialog: The hell you did.. I've lived here all my life - know everybody - I've never seen your mug before.
95) 10) dialog: (unnerved) How do you know my name?
95) 12) dialog: Right....
95) 14) dialog: Yeah, 'till old man Parrish fired me. :
95) 16) dialog: His kid wrecked a machine. Like an idiot I took the blame. He fired me on the spot. : Alan looks out the window, then at Bentley.
95) 18) dialog: For what?
96) 0) text: Bentley's cruiser SCREECHES to a stop, fishtailing.
103) 0) text: Alan (nis hands now uncuffed) and Bentley lean against Bentley's cruiser. Bentley's laughing, shaking his head. He can't get over it....
103) 1) dialog: I don't believe this, I do not believe this. So if you didn't get kidnapped, what did happen?
103) 3) dialog: Shoot, Alan, the town hasn't been the same since you left.
103) 5) dialog: Are you kidding? Look around nan, the place is falling apart. *
103) 7) dialog: Maybe not directly. But the day you disappeared your dad, well, he just seemed to lose interest. Stopped coming. to work. Started drinking.
103) 10) dialog: We got an epidemic, wild animals running around, and now Alan Parrish comes back to town, What a day. 'Scuse me. Bentley turns and leans inside his car. Alan looks at BENTLEY'S HANDCUFFS clipped to his belt.
103) 11) dialog: Ten-four, this is Bentley. Chief, you're not gonna believe this.... Suddenly ALAN'S HAND thrusts inside the window and YANKS the keys from the ignition.
103) 12) dialog: Hey...!! Bentley, startled, turns and -- CLICK a handcuff locks on Bentley's wrist and CLICK the other cuff locks on the FRAME OF THE CAR DOOR. :
103) 13) dialog: 
103) 16) dialog: 
103) 19) dialog: Tnis is car twelve, Bentley, over! (beat) Come in, over! We HEAR JUMANJI MONKEYS CHATTERING on the other end. Bentley stares at the c.b. transmittor.
112) 0) text: Nora, wet and bedraggled, walks down the street, nervously looking around. It's just beginning to get dark; in the surrounding woods JUNGLE SOUNDS create an unsettling atmosphere. She rounds a corner and sees -- IN THE ROAD AHEAD - BENTLEY. is locked to the door of his cruiser, rattling the handcuffs, cursing. NORA runs up to hin.
112) 1) dialog: My keys! Over there! Nora runs across the road to Bentley's keys. As she picks them up and begins to return to Bentley -- SEVERAL VINE TENDRILS come out of the woods and grab for her ankle, just missing. NORA runs up to Bentley and hands him the keys; he unlocks himself.
112) 2) dialog: Thank-you. What's your name, maam?
112) 4) dialog: Where do you live, Mrs. Shepherd? ACROSS THE STREET ~ THE VINE TENDRILS snake across the street and now we see that they are the mere ends of AN ENORMOUS VINE STALK as thick as a telephone pole. ’ NORA Blair Street. The old Parrish place? Bentley's ears prick up instantly.
112) 5) dialog: You got kids? A boy and girl about eight and twelve?
112) 8) text: I'll tell you on the way. Get in! Bentley gets in the cruiser; Nora runs around to the passenger side and SCREAMS -- INSIDE BENTLEY'S CRUISER - BENTLEY looks up as -- THE HUGE VINE STALK lunges through the window. BENTLEY dives out of the cruiser and rolls away as -- The vine stalk drags the cruiser sideways across the road. It disappears into the foliage as if it's been eaten. NORA AND BENTLEY look at each other, gulping. They walk off down the road without a word and -~ cut To:
117) 0) text: Nora and Bentley approach the house. They hear SCREAMING within. As they draw closer, they see a STREAM OF WATER coming from under the door. Bentley draws his gun.
117) 1) dialog: Let me handle this, ma'am. Bentley grips the doorknob and turns it. A WALL OF WATER containing HALF THE FURNITURE comes flushing out the door. BENTLEY AND NORA are blown off the stoop and flushed into the street.
135) 3) dialog: Have a good night, Alan. Alan rises, puts on his suit jacket, and heads out. cUT TO: