19) 29) dialog: Oh my goodness. Mrs. Thomas, there's only three of us. What am I going to do with a place like this? WOMAN 2 (v.0.) This was all we had for immediate occupancy. The rent's very reasonable. And I got a great price on the furniture. Nora moves inside the living room, gazing at the architecture, the ceiling, the fireplace and mantle.
19) 30) dialog: The couple who lived here - they had no children? No one to inherit this Place?
19) 32) text: Nora crosses to the window and pulls open the heavy drapes. The dusty air catches shafts of sunlight. The room looks enchanted. She unlocks the window and pushes it open.
19) 33) dialog: (forced enthusiasm) Judy! Peter! Come look!
20) 0) text: Nora's children, JUDY, 12, and PETER, 8, stand on the lawn, staring at the neighborhood and house. They grew up in Manhattan and show it. Judy is pretty, somewhat vulnerable. Peter is precocious, impatient, sarcastic. In the b.g. is a station wagon hooked up to a U-HAUL TRAILER.
21) 0) text: A long corridor serving several rooms. Boxes are stacked everywhere. Judy's searching through a box. Peter's coming up the stairs with another. Nora is at a LOCKED DOOR at the end of the hall, trying several keys in its lock. .
21) 4) dialog: Just a sec. i (tries another key) Hmm, Have to call a locksmith for this one. Nora walks over to Judy. Peter stops next to the locked door. He puts his eye to the keyhole and looks in at --
22) 0) text: Peter is in bed pulling up the covers. Nora sits on the edge of the bed.
22) 1) dialog: Do you like your room? It's a lot bigger than your old one.
22) 3) dialog: How about Igor? What's he think? She glances at a STUFFED ALIGATOR at the foot of the bed: "Igor."
22) 5) dialog: I bet you're exhausted. (pulls up the covers, tucks him in) Are you still having dreams? (Peter looks away) Peter? Are you?
22) 7) dialog: About dad?
22) 12) dialog: Good ones or bad ones? About the accident? PETER . Not about the accident. But they're bad.
22) 13) dialog: Tell me. (Peter looks away) C'mon honey. Peter reluctantly begins:
22) 15) dialog: Peter honey c'mon, it's all right now, it's all right. They hug each other tightly. Peter settles back into bed.
22) 16) dialog: You've got a big day tomorrow. (tucks him in) This is a fresh start. For all of us. Okay?
23) 0) text: Nora sits on the bed. Judy is off screen, in the walk-in closet. JUDY (o.s.) But why Brantford?
23) 5) dialog: The college up here was my only offer - I was lucky to get it. .Let's see what you got. (Judy holds up a formal dress) Too formal.
23) 7) dialog: Too casual. (Judy holds up a purple dress) Too purple.
23) 9) dialog: Try a pair of jeans. And don't be so nervous. The program here's supposed to be good.
23) 11) dialog: Enough of that, kiddo. Judy, promise me you'll try. Promise?
23) 13) dialog: Goodnight.
27) 0) text: We see JUDY AND HER TEACHER through a door window stenciled "SPECIAL EDUCATION," WIDENING TO -- Nora and the school principal, MRS. TIMMONS, 40, earnest, professional, a kind face.
27) 2) dialog: Not formally. Her dad was a writer. They used to work together every night. Judy was so relaxed with him; she could really concentrate. But now.... Nora's voice trails off. They walk down the school corridor together.
27) 7) dialog: Peter hasn't dealt that well with it either. There have been some.... discipline problems. I think he's fine now. Nora smiles uneasily and --
29) 0) text: Nora's at the sink, peeling potatoes for dinner. Judy and Peter sit at the kitchen table with school books, notebooks, etc. Nora hands Judy a newspaper.
29) 2) dialog: You pick. . Judy begins flipping through the paper.
29) 4) dialog: Honey, dad wasn't doing the reading, you were. 23. Nora turns back to the sink. Peter and Judy exchange a look. © PETER . Mom? Judy and I have been thinking.
29) 5) dialog: What about? An uncomfortable pause, then Judy blurts:
29) 7) dialog: You've only been here a week.
29) 9) dialog: We settled this, kids. This is home, and I don't want to hear another word about it.
29) 12) dialog: Judy.... Judy tosses down the paper and stalks out. curt TO:
34) 0) text: ~- NORA, who exits her bedroom. They both run up to -- PETER, slamming the attic door, his lungs heaving. He runs into his mother's arms.
35) 0) text: Nora and Judy sit at the kitchen table, unwrapping PORCELAIN CUPS AND SAUCERS. Peter sits next to them, flipping through a large, thick hook.
35) 1) dialog: Careful, honey, these were your Great Great Grandmother's... EXTERMINATOR (0.s.) Hello? Maam? The EXTERMINATOR, 50, overweight, balding, looks in.
35) 5) text: or n> EXTERMINATOR © That's an African bat, son. See? Says so right there. Africa's a long way from Connecticut. (to Nora) -By the way - couldn't help notice all the stuff the Parrishes left behind. Must be a little creepy, living in the house where it actually happened. Everyone stares at the Exterminator.
35) 8) dialog: Why don't we discuss this outside. Nora hustles the Exterminator out of the kitchen. Judy and Peter exchange a look; Judy raises an eyebrow. They go to the door. Judy pushes it open a crack --
35) 9) dialog: are walking down the hall, speaking in low tones.
36) 0) text: “Nora and the Exterminator exit.
36) 1) dialog: No wonder the rent's so cheap. I could just strangle that realtor.... (to Exterminator) You mean all this time they never found him? There wasn't any evidence? .
36) 3) dialog: You mean...? ol
36) 6) dialog: (disturbed by this, cutting him off) Thank-you for coming on such short notice. Good-bye.
37) 0) text: Nora enters, passing -- THE CLOSET ALCOVE OFF THE FOYER - JUDY and PETER, inside, look at each other with WIDE EYES. They've eavesdropped on the above exchange.
40) 0) text: Judy and Peter sit at the kitchen table. Nora, dressed in a suit, is pacing, flustered, Her voice is raised.
40) 1) dialog: I have listened, Judy. (a tense pause; she stares at them) Today's my first day teaching in over ten years. I'm under a lot of pressure. What I need is less : complaining and more cooperation. . (voice trembles) We're living on a teacher's salary now and, like it or not, my job is here, not New York. (she picks up her purse) Don't miss the bus. If you get home before me, stick around the house, okay? 1
40) 3) dialog: Bye sweetie. She kisses Peter, then attempts to kiss Judy, who moves away. 23.
40) 4) dialog: Bye, Judy. I said bye, Judy.
43) 0) text: A dozen JUMANJI MONKEYS are tearing the place apart. (These are not normal monkeys: simian bodies and heads, but human expressions, movements, and intelligence.) ON THE COUNTER - TWO MONKEYS take Nora's prized porcelain cups from the shelves and heave them across the kitchen -- ON THE KITCHEN TABLE - THE BIGGEST MONKEY stands with a SOUP LADLE resting on his shoulder. He swings the ladle like a baseball bat, showering the floor with porcelain. AT THE SINK ~ A MONKEY plays with the sink sprayer. The sink is overflowing, dousing the broken china on the floor. AT THE REFRIGERATOR - SEVERAL MONKEYS are throwing food, spilling milk, etc.
78) 0) text: Nora's behind her desk in her new office. Cartons of books, some opened, some not, are all over the place. In the b.g., during this, are several ACADEMICS (Nora's new colleagues).
78) 1) dialog: Listen, honey, I've invited some of my department over for dinner tonight. Make sure the place is picked up, okay?
88) 0) text: Nora is driving along a treelined street toward Brantford, listening to the radio. RADIO NEWSCASTER (v.0.) ...now an update on that news from Brantford Connecticut. Nora looks at the radio; she turns up the volume. RADIO NEWSCASTER (v.a.) According to sources at Brantford Community Hospital, fifty-seven residents have been hospitalized with symptoms ranging from rausea and rashes to violent seizures. WKOR's Phyliss Matthews is at the hospital. Phyliss? REPORTER PHYLISS MATTHEWS (v.a.) Richard, at eleven-o'clock this morning the hospital began receiving calls from Brantford residents with these symptoms.....
88) 1) text: oo 70. Nora stares at the radio with a worried expression. cUuT To:
94) 0) text: A stone wall has been smashed; it has fallen in the road. A car sits in the middle of the road, its top caved in. It looks like a freight train plowed through the area. There's a commotion, lot's of activity; flashing lights and parked vehicles; men hurrying around. A police cruiser and firetruck block the road. Nora Shepherd's station wagon pulls up. Nora rolls down her window and shouts at -- Brantford Police Chief GARNETT walking by with TWO FIREMEN. Nora calls to him:
94) 1) dialog: Officer! (Garnett approaches) What's going on? :
100) 0) text: Nora Shepherd's station wagon approaches at high speed an old New England covered bridge. INT. NORA'S STATION WAGON ; Nora drives inside the bridge. Suddenly -- THE SILHOUETTE OF A HUGE BULL ELEPHANT fills the bridge in front of her. NORA stomps on the brakes and whips the wheel. The car fishtails and SMASHES into the side of the bridge, splintering the wooden sides and --
101) 0) text: -- exploding through the wall of the bridge and diving into the Brantford River. The car slowly submerges. Seconds pass. Nora bobs to the surface. She swims to shore. Gets out on the bank. Looks up at the bridge. We hear the elephant trumpeting inside the bridge. Nora, dazed and confused, scrambles up the bank and jogs down the road.
112) 0) text: Nora, wet and bedraggled, walks down the street, nervously looking around. It's just beginning to get dark; in the surrounding woods JUNGLE SOUNDS create an unsettling atmosphere. She rounds a corner and sees -- IN THE ROAD AHEAD - BENTLEY. is locked to the door of his cruiser, rattling the handcuffs, cursing. NORA runs up to hin.
112) 3) dialog: Nora Shepherd.
112) 7) dialog: Yes. (alarmed) Why?
112) 8) text: I'll tell you on the way. Get in! Bentley gets in the cruiser; Nora runs around to the passenger side and SCREAMS -- INSIDE BENTLEY'S CRUISER - BENTLEY looks up as -- THE HUGE VINE STALK lunges through the window. BENTLEY dives out of the cruiser and rolls away as -- The vine stalk drags the cruiser sideways across the road. It disappears into the foliage as if it's been eaten. NORA AND BENTLEY look at each other, gulping. They walk off down the road without a word and -~ cut To:
117) 0) text: Nora and Bentley approach the house. They hear SCREAMING within. As they draw closer, they see a STREAM OF WATER coming from under the door. Bentley draws his gun.
121) 0) text: Nora, stunned and bedraggled, approaches the house again.
123) 0) text: comes racing down the stairs. He turns the corner and runs down the hallway toward the back door. CAMERA PANS from PETER exiting the shot to -- NORA entering, looking around in horror at the carnage. She walks to the living room. Looks up at -- ALAN'S LEGS and SARAH'S HANDS stuck through the ceiling, dangling in the middle of the living room. She hears SCREAMING above. She goes upstairs. Cb
125) 0) text: Nora comes down the hall. She still hears SCREAMING and COMMOTION. She goes to the end of the hall. She-°- chooses her bedroom. She opens the door to see --
126) 0) text: THE LION, snoozing on NORA'S BED, wakes up and sees -- NORA OUTSIDE THE ROOM. c Ne THE LION smiles. The he ROOOAAARRS and bares its teeth. Nora SLAMS the master bedroom door just in time as the oo om
128) 0) text: They come out, running right into NORA SHEPHERD, who lies unconscious on the floor. HER NECK is stuck with POISON BARBS. Her face is flushed with poison. The POISONOUS VIOLET hovers over her menacingly.
129) 0) text: They enter. Alan lays Nora Shepherd on the floor. Peter sets down the gameboard. Peter and Judy kneel over their mother. Judy panics.
137) 12) dialog: Oh my goodness.