20) 0) text: Nora's children, JUDY, 12, and PETER, 8, stand on the lawn, staring at the neighborhood and house. They grew up in Manhattan and show it. Judy is pretty, somewhat vulnerable. Peter is precocious, impatient, sarcastic. In the b.g. is a station wagon hooked up to a U-HAUL TRAILER.
20) 1) dialog: .Brantford Connecticut: a wholesome suburban community. They turn and look at the Parrish home. The mailbox is rusted; the lawn and hedges are a jungle; the driveway is cracked and pitted; slate roof shingles are dislodged; several windows are broken and/or boarded up; shutters hang crookedly; some fence is missing.
21) 0) text: A long corridor serving several rooms. Boxes are stacked everywhere. Judy's searching through a box. Peter's coming up the stairs with another. Nora is at a LOCKED DOOR at the end of the hall, trying several keys in its lock. .
22) 0) text: Peter is in bed pulling up the covers. Nora sits on the edge of the bed.
22) 2) dialog: It's okay.
22) 4) dialog: (yawns) He misses New York.
22) 6) dialog: Yeah.
22) 8) dialog: Yeah.
22) 14) dialog: There's this one where we're in Central Park. By the boat pond. And dad goes to get ice creams from the guy there. And then he walks away. And I say "Dad, where're you’ going?" And he keeps walking, and I go after 'im, and keep saying "Dad, stop, it's me, Peter." But he keeps walking like he doesn't know me or anything. And then I look around and all the people are gone and I'm all alone. Peter is almost crying now. Nora hugs hin.
22) 17) dialog: Okay.
24) 0) text: Peter is sleeping fitfully. Just faintly, we HEAR JUNGLE DRUMS. oP
28) 0) text: PETER hits the deck. He gets up, wildly swinging at his opponent, a HUGE SIXTH GRADER. Peter, giving up 40 pounds, fights like an animal. He doesn't give an inch. The sixth grader belts him again. Péter struggles to his feet, still swinging. The sixth grader walks off.
28) 1) dialog: Hey, where ya goin'! I'm not hurt. Ya chicken? Get back here, ya fight like my grandmother...! The sixth grader shakes his head. The little kid's gotta be crazy.... cuT TO:
29) 0) text: Nora's at the sink, peeling potatoes for dinner. Judy and Peter sit at the kitchen table with school books, notebooks, etc. Nora hands Judy a newspaper.
30) 0) text: Peter is sleeping fitfully again. He wakes to the sound of DRUMS, clearer this time. He looks up at the ceiling.
31) 0) text: Peter, in pajamas, holding a flashlight, walks to the attic door. He turns the knob.
31) 3) text: nN 4 Tne door crreeeaaks open. Peter looks up the staircase. He shivers. He flips on the flashlight and begins to climb.
32) 0) text: In the GABLE ATTIC WINDOWS, we see THE BEAM OF PETER'S FLASHLIGHT as Peter moves through the attic - and suddenly we hear PETER SCREAMING.
33) 0) text: JUDY sits bolt upright, hearing PETER'S SCREAM; she throws off the covers and dashes from the room into the hallway, almost running into --
34) 0) text: ~- NORA, who exits her bedroom. They both run up to -- PETER, slamming the attic door, his lungs heaving. He runs into his mother's arms.
34) 1) dialog: Mom!
35) 0) text: Nora and Judy sit at the kitchen table, unwrapping PORCELAIN CUPS AND SAUCERS. Peter sits next to them, flipping through a large, thick hook.
35) 3) dialog: No, it was big. Like that. Peter's pointing at a COLOR. PHOTOGRAPH in his- ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA. It's a HUGE BAT. The Exterminator looks at the photograph. Chuckles.
37) 0) text: Nora enters, passing -- THE CLOSET ALCOVE OFF THE FOYER - JUDY and PETER, inside, look at each other with WIDE EYES. They've eavesdropped on the above exchange.
38) 0) text: In the b.g., a school bus rolls away. Judy and Peter walk home from the bus stop. Judy stops at their mailbox and opens it, pulling out mail. Flips through it. One of the pieces is a FAT PACKAGE (the size of a book) in a manilla folder.
39) 0) text: Judy comes up the walk. Peter waits on the sidewalk. Judy steps up to the porch.
39) 10) text: Pleased to meet you. I have work to do. Run along. Judy and ‘peter are startled and somewhat scared by this abrupt change.
39) 12) dialog: Sorry, Mrs...
40) 0) text: Judy and Peter sit at the kitchen table. Nora, dressed in a suit, is pacing, flustered, Her voice is raised.
41) 0) text: A large space with a complicated ceiling (due to the compiicated roof line). The Shepherd's unpacked MOVING BOXES sit amongst ‘s ac ulati FAMILY JUNK: an old dress form, a guitar case, a moose head, old furniture, trunks, tennis rackets, etc. Peter enters, looking around tentatively for signs of bats. Outside we hear a school bus HONKING.
41) 1) dialog: Judy! The bus is here! We hear, 0.s., stuff being moved around. Peter moves through the attic. Behind a trunk -- JUDY is going through the moving boxes. Her actions are harried, frenetic, her speech fast.
41) 3) dialog: What are you doing?
41) 5) dialog: What do you need the blue suitcase for? Judy doesn't answer. Keeps looking. PETER . Are you going somewhere?
41) 7) dialog: Where?
41) 13) dialog: I'm your friend.
41) 16) dialog: I knew it was coming from up here. ”
41) 18) dialog: . Why didn't you? Judy and Peter walk to -- iS Ne
41) 19) text: THE FAR CORNER OF THE ATTIC - More Parrish stuff. Peter and Judy look at a PILE OF ToyS, GAMES, SPORTS EQUIPMENT (obviously the possessions of a young boy).
41) 20) dialog: Look Judy, that kid who got Kidnapped. Alan Parrish. It's all his stuff. (picks up a gamebox) Musta been before they had computer games. The JUNGLE DRUMS begin again. Peter and Judy exchange a glance. Peter throws off the other games, revealing, at the bottom of the pile, A WOODEN BOX; we've seen it before - it has engraved jungle scenes and the word JUMANJI on it. The DRUMS stop. Judy and Peter exchange a glance. Peter sets the box on a dresser drawer, unclasps it and opens it. TWO TOKENS are in the positions left by Alan Parri a Whi e. Peter opens the tie-string pouch and dumps out DICE and TWO REMAINING TOKENS. He reads the fold-out cover:
41) 21) dialog: "JUMANJI," a game for the bored and restless." Well, that's us. Suddenly SHUUMP! the tokens are sucked onto the beginning squares of the board.
41) 22) dialog: Whoah, lookit that!
41) 27) dialog: It's cool the way they made it look so ancient. (reading) "This mosquito's got the fever, “itchy, twitchy, sneezy fever." The lettering fades away. PETER (cont'd) Itchy, twitchy, sneezy...? We HEAR a BUZZING SOUND. THREE MOSQUITOS with 3-inch wingspans fly across the attic, divebombing at Peter and Judy. Peter flails at the mosquitos, tryirg to defend himself. Judy grabs a TENNIS RACQUET and swings wildly. They buzz and divebomb. . THE MOSQUITOS fly out the broken gable window. Judy and Peter look at each other, then at the board. Judy picks up the board and examines it, front and back. She sets it back down.
41) 29) dialog: Snake eyes. Again, the JUNGLE DRUMS begin. Peter's piece moves by itself two squares. Peter leans over to read:
41) 30) dialog: “This will not be an easy mission, monkeys slow the expedition." Immediately A CACOPHONY OF NOISE comes from downstairs. CRASHING and BANGING.
42) 0) text: Judy and Peter race down the stairs and down the hallway. They stop outside THE KITCHEN DOOR. Inside, we HEAR CHINA BREAKING and SCREECHING NOISES.
42) 2) text: i Judy slowly pushes the door open. They peek in. Judy's and Peter's eyes bug out.
44) 0) text: Judy and Peter, gulping, shut the door. They look at each other, spellbound, We hear more CUPS BREAKING.
44) 1) dialog: It's not micro chips, is it? cuT To:
45) 0) text: The JUMANJI BOARD sits on a moving trunk. Peter and Judy stare at it.
45) 2) dialog: “Welcome to the safari." (scans, paraphrases) ° You roll the dice to move your token; doubles gets another turn; uhmm, the first player to reach the end and yell Jumanji wins, and... (beat) - ...uhh-oh. :
45) 4) dialog: "Adventurers beware: do not begin _unless you intend to finish. The exciting consequences of the game will vanish only when a player has : reached Jumanji and called out its name."
45) 7) text: BACK TO SCENE - JUDY looks at PETER
45) 8) dialog: What should we do? Think of something.
45) 10) dialog: Maybe we're hallucinating.
45) 13) text: Lo uo The DRUMS BEGIN. Peter's token moves forward; his rhyme appears. Peter reads:
45) 14) dialog: “His fangs are sharp, he likes your taste; your party better move post haste." (beat) Post haste? ACROSS THE ATTIC - A LION'S SILHOUETTE falls against the wall. He is. sitting on an upright piano. We get a sense of immense, almost impossible size. The LION'S TAIL falls across the piano's treble keys, creating an eery procession of notes. PETER AND JUDY freeze. They turn, locking in the direction of the piano. They walk across the attic, moving slowly past boxes, junk, etc. THE LION, still in silhoutte, comes down from the piano, his huge paws CRUNCHING THE BASS KEYS, creating loud, discordant chords. JuDY's and PETER'S eyes go wide. They begin to slowly back up. Further, then further - they turn and bolt from the room. The lion ROARS and leaps down, giving chase!
46) 0) text: Peter and Judy scramble down the stairs. ‘In ¢.g.i. effect THE LION (only now do we see his entire form, and he is HUGE) leaps down to the lower floor, cutting off the retreat of Judy and Peter, who SCREAM. “they race back up the staircase, running right into -- N wit = a d i in_his ‘ He's long-haired and bearded, with a crazy look in his eyes. He's dressed in animal skin. ’
46) 1) dialog: 
48) 0) text: The Man From Jumanji runs down the stairs into the living room, Peter and Judy come down the stairs. They stand in the foyer, watching the Man From Jumanji. He CACKLES wildly. The following is sing-song, building to a rage:
48) 6) dialog: We don't know. The Man From Jumanji registers this.
48) 10) dialog: You mean...? The kid who...?
51) 8) dialog: It's 1995. Alan and Bentley move to the sidewalk. Bentley turns to Judy and Peter.
53) 1) dialog: He just came from Jumanji. Judy grimaces.
54) 9) dialog: The instructions say we have to finish it.
58) 0) text: Judy and Peter pedal up to the factory entrance. Below is the HUGE MILLHOUSE. The parking lot's empty. The PARR OE. E ONS AL sign is faded and rusty, but still legible. They pedal down the driveway to the shoe factory.
59) 1) dialog: Alan! Where are you? Judy and Peter, come through the maze of assembly line machines. ‘They walk up to Alan. .
59) 3) dialog: (looking around the . cavernous space. A lot of shoes. Alan sees something o.S., above the factory floor.
60) 0) text: Alan, Judy and Peter stand in silence, looking at the graves behind a waist high WROUGHT IRON FENCE. In the b.g., a steepled white church. Wind RUSTLES in the surrounding trees. Alan pushes open the gate. He kneels and brushes his mother's gravestone, clearing away the leaves with the flat of his hand. Alan brushes off his father's gravestone. He covers his face with his hands, remembering....
61) 2) dialog: Our dad...he died too.
61) 7) dialog: For soap and toothpaste. Hamburgers. Trucks. Lotsa stuff.
61) 11) dialog: What?
61) 13) text: EXT. BRANTFORD MAIN STREET - DINER ¥* ALAN, barefoot and shirtless, staring at the "No shoes, no shirt" sign. JUDY and PETER stand behind hin.
62) 1) dialog: You said you wanted to fit in. This is what everybody wears now. Alan looks at PETER'S FEET: hightop sneakers. Alan picks up a pair of sneakers. He examines them, remembering his father's plans for the factory....
63) 9) dialog: You promised.
63) 12) dialog: Yeah, and those monkeys....
64) 0) text: Alan exits, followed by Judy and Peter.
64) 10) dialog: ...and the monkeys...and...
66) 0) text: Judy and Peter sit at the coffee table in front of the. game. ALAN is at the window pulling shut the drapes, talking to himself. uw ray o™ ALAN j Have fun, kiddos, this time I'm on the sidelines.... IUDY tosses the dice. They roll to a stop. Nothing happens. Judy's piece does not move.
66) 1) dialog: Try it again. ALAN at the curtains, still talking to himself...
66) 5) dialog: 
67) 0) text: Judy and Peter watch as -~ Alan comes down the stairs. He has shaved. Poorly. His face is covered with pieces of toilet paper.
67) 2) dialog: I don't think so.... aie Alan looks at his face in the foyer mirror. ( ~ He notices Judy and Peter watching him.
67) 5) dialog: (lying) Really nice. Yeah, great. cur To: EXT. SARAH WHITTLE'S HOUSE - DAY . Alan, Peter and Judy stand in the street, looking at Sarah's house.
67) 8) dialog: Kind of the understatement of the century. We HEAR a CRASH. Another CRASH as a book flies out the window. We hear SARAH screaming within the house. SARAH (0.s.) \ Stop it! Let go of that! Alan runs inside.
69) 1) dialog: Did you hit her?
70) 4) dialog: (matter-of-factly) -- No. -- Sounds about right.
70) 16) dialog: Yeah. These're cool.
70) 18) text: VINE TENDRILS begin circling PETER'S FEET. ALAN (cont'd) And look out for the big yellow ones.
70) 19) dialog: (looking around) What big yellow ones? JUDY sees the vine tendril around Peter's ankle and SCREAMS too late....
70) 21) dialog: THE VINE drags PETER bodily toward a HUGE GREEN POD (four feet in diameter) which emerges from the glass doors of a huge mahogany break-front. The pod opens, revealing YELLOW PETALS and CARNIVOROUS TEETH within.
70) 22) dialog: 
72) 13) dialog: Unm people? Hello? (they look at Peter) Can we argue after we finish the game?
72) 18) dialog: Who's van Pelt? A SHOTGUN BLAST blows in the bay window of the library. Alan dives to the carpet, the shot going wide. Sarah and the kids whirl around, terrified, ‘to see --
72) 20) text: 6c. VAN PELT leans in the bay window and BLASTS again. The shots RIP into the moulding, missing Alan by inches. Van Pelt climbs into the library and moves past -- SARAH, JUDY, and PETER, who cringe in terror.
76) 5) dialog: "Don't be fooled, it isn't....”
76) 7) dialog: Uhhm, Alan.... {beat) Judy can't read.
76) 11) dialog: She has dyslexia. It's a reading LO disability. : io ALAN How could I know? Stop crying. Stop crying, will ya?
76) 16) dialog: Sure sounds like thunder. Alan is wary. He frowns, listening to the RUMBLE. He walks across the library to the bookstack on the far wall. The others follow. The RUMBLING continues.
79) 3) dialog: What are we going to do? That thing could've flown to China.
84) 0) text: A low bridge, about 100 feet long, connecting the Parrish neighborhood to the town center. Alan and the pelican are below, upstream, 50 yards from the bridge. PETER, JUDY and SARAH stand on the bridge watching Alan, whispering:
84) 2) dialog: Watch. He can do anything.
86) 0) text: Sarah turns to Peter with a glum expression:
87) 6) dialog: (to Sarah) I told you he could do it! Alan looks at Sarah. She smiles slightly.
90) 0) text: Peter has the game open. He looks at his token. With his finger, he counts the number of spaces he'll need to reach the end. He thinks....hmm.
91) 21) dialog: I...I'm sorry. Peter walks away. Alan grabs him by the shoulder and spins him around.
91) 23) dialog: I said I'm sorry!
91) 27) dialog: (trembling) What's happening to me?
93) 0) text: The cruiser, tires SQUEALING, backs up at 20 m.p.h., moving back toward the foursome. ALAN turns to Peter. ALAN . Hide it. Peter quickly grabs the gameboard and folds it up. THE POLICE CRUISER lurches to a Stop. BENTLEY gets out, radio in hand.
93) 13) text: ur BENTLEY . Don't you go anywhere - I'm gonna want some answers from you. As Alan disappears into the cruiser, he worriedly looks at SARAH, JUDY and PETER. The cruiser roars off, heading back to town.
93) 14) dialog: What do we do now? Sarah watches the cruiser drive off. Thinks. cuT To:
97) 0) text: Judy, Sarah, and Peter walking along. The crosshairs jump back and forth as Van Pelt searches for Alan. Again the crosshairs fall on -- THE JUMANJI GAMEBOARD in Judy's hands.
99) 0) text: The consequences of the Jumanji game are in full bloon. The place is a disaster. Sarah, Judy and Peter walk down the street, nervously looking around. It is chaos. -- Stores have been pillaged by monkeys and/or people. -~ CARS are parked helter skelter, some in the middle of the street, some on the sidewalk. -- an AMBULANCE races past. -~ A MAN lurches down the sidewalk, face flushed, sweating, clearly diseased. -~ We HEAR MONKEY CHATTERING in the windows of a store above, then merchandise comes flying out. A MOTORCYCLE ZOOMS past. It's driven by FIVE MONKEYS. The motorcycle is followed by -- A deep RUMBLE. We've heard it before. Sarah and the kids freeze. Look down the street.
102) 0) text: Sarah is punching in her code at. an AN AUTOMATED TELLER MACHINE. Judy and Peter stand behind her.
105) 3) dialog: Yeah! Create a diversion! Like in the movies! Next to the hardware store is a LADY'S BOUTIQUE. Judy looks at Sarah, then the boutique.
107) 6) dialog: Yeah. That's better. la
109) 0) text: Peter and Judy are crouched outside the store. They hear FOOTSTEPS and turn to see --- ~~ ALAN running up to them, out of breath.
111) 6) text: Oh my god..... And Peter, almost in tears, says in a very small voice:
111) 7) dialog: Is this gonna go away? Alan, Sarah and Judy look at each other. 87.
113) 0) text: Alan, Sarah, Peter and Judy approach the Parrish Home. ALAN is looking SARAH over; specifically, her dress and stockings; she looks unbelievably desirable. ALAN and SARAH lock eyes. Alan, up to this point, has not looked upon Sarah in a romantic way.
113) 10) dialog: I would be. (to Sarah) She's beau-ti-ful.
113) 13) dialog: Hey Alan? I'm sorry I cheated. Alan doesn't respond.
113) 14) text: My dad was like you ~ adventurous - and he knew all sorts of people. (stops himself) Maybe I shouldn't say this... (beat) You remind me of my dad. Alan. stops. He turns to Peter.
116) 0) text: The four players around the coffee table. The game is about to resume. We PAN from face to face. SARAH. JUDY. ALAN. PETER. (he's a monkey) Peter picks up the dice.
116) 1) dialog: Who's turn?
116) 23) dialog: 
118) 0) text: It's like somebody let the cork out of a bathtub. Alan and ‘the crocodile are swimming against the tidal pull of the flushing water, like they're swimming in Place. The crocodile flushes out the door. Alan grabs the side of the doorway and hangs on as the water and furniture and everything else in the bloody Place flushes out into the street. He gets up quickly and hops up onto the table. He helps down Judy and Peter. Next comes Sarah. She slides down into Alan's arms. They stand there on the table. Their faces are close.
120) 3) dialog: What should we do? What should we do?
120) 10) dialog: Here Alan, grab onto this! PETER extends the slide of the trombone to ALAN, who clutches it. Sarah and Peter grab the MOUTHPIECE end.
120) 21) text: Peter fetches the gameboard and dice. Sarah and Alan are almost kissing.
120) 26) dialog: “They march and eat and march and eat; if I were you I'd watch my feet." . We HEAR a BZZZZ and suddenly --
122) 2) dialog: I'll get it! PETER races for the staircase while -- JUDY drags an OTTOMAN LOVESEAT in front of the ant's path. BZZZ2ZZ2Z......
123) 0) text: comes racing down the stairs. He turns the corner and runs down the hallway toward the back door. CAMERA PANS from PETER exiting the shot to -- NORA entering, looking around in horror at the carnage. She walks to the living room. Looks up at -- ALAN'S LEGS and SARAH'S HANDS stuck through the ceiling, dangling in the middle of the living room. She hears SCREAMING above. She goes upstairs. Cb
124) 0) text: Peter runs up to the woodshed. The door is PADLOCKED. He looks in the window. He looks around, panicking. He sees a RUSTY AXE leaning against the side of the shed. He grabs it and begins CHOPPING at the padlock, so he can get into the shed, so he can get the...... He suddenly stops. Looks at the axe. He looks directly INTO CAMERA. He runs inside with the axe.
126) 3) dialog: Himom. It's me, Peter. Can't talk right now. See ya. Peter races inside the music room as -- NORA SCREAMS and backs away, whirling, coming face-to- face with a POISONOUS VIOLET VINE. cur TO:
127) 0) text: PETER enters with the axe. JuDY‘S rolling the GRAND PIANO into the path of the oncoming ants, which instantly rip into it, BZZ2Z22z2. The piano begins to slowly lower.... JUDY grabs the axe from Peter. She begins to furiously CHOP the rug and floorboards around Sarah's hands. One hand is freed. Then the other. Sarah pulls her hands out and grabs the axe from Judy. Sarah begins to CHOP the rug and floorboards around ALAN'S HEAD. Alan closes his eyes, flinching.
129) 0) text: They enter. Alan lays Nora Shepherd on the floor. Peter sets down the gameboard. Peter and Judy kneel over their mother. Judy panics.
129) 8) dialog: "Now you have a lot at stake; It might get worse, here comes a quake." Nothing happens at first. No sound, no movement. Slowly the walls begin to RATTLE. Then the walls SHAKE. From the very depths of the earth, we HEAR the deepest, most unsettling, bonecrunching RUMBLE we've ever heard. The floor begins to roll and shake. Judy and Peter try to stand but the earthquake throws them to the floor. Now it happens all at once -- THE ATTIC FLOORBOARDS begin to separate as --
130) 2) dialog: Alan, you can end the game on your next roll. That's her only chance! But they don't have the damn gameboard! Alan pockets the dice. He stands on the lip of the cratered attic floor. Below is evi the earth. Alan looks down. The first ec is fifty feet down, a dizzying drop. Alan runs to the SPIRAL STAIRCASE. He slides on the banister pole, spiraling around and around until he
137) 9) dialog: Hi.
137) 13) dialog: Wowww! Alan goes to the sideboard, comes back with TWO SHOEBOXES. He hands one to Judy, one to Peter.
137) 16) text: Loox, mom! Judy and Peter hold up state-of-the-art SNEAKERS, very stylish.
137) 18) dialog: That's a weird name for a sneaker. Alan and Sarah exchange a private smile.
138) 0) text: CAMERA looks through the foyer windows as Alan and Sarah and the Shepherds move inside, their voices continuing: ALAN (v.0.) you're dad's going to find a way to market it, Peter. Did you know he's an advertising genius?