18) 0) text: The FRONT DOOR opens, revealing.Sarah Whittle in the threshold.
18) 5) dialog: Hi. We HEAR Billy's motorcycle WHINING. Alan looks over Sarah's shoulder at -- BILLY JESSUP sitting on his motorcycle. He is attempting (and failing) to look like James Dean.
18) 7) dialog: I'll meet you there! Billy, motor gunning, tears away from the house, accelerating through the gears.
18) 9) dialog: Uhmm....so how's your job? We still hear BILLY'S MOTORCYCLE moving through the gears. Alan looks down the street, listening to it.
19) 0) text: Alan follows Sarah through the foyer into the living room. Sarah stops near the coffee table (where the game is) and turns to Alan. 7.
19) 2) dialog: Alan uhn, I'm not going.
19) 3) text: But it's the factory picnic. We go every year. Sarah nervously turns away. She sees the game on the coffee table.
19) 4) dialog: What's that?
19) 6) dialog: Because I'm going to a party.
19) 8) dialog: Alan, I love the picnic but....
19) 10) dialog: I'm sorry. I've gotta go. She tosses the dice on the board. They land "4" and magn, Sarah begins walking away. . The DRUMS have begun again, LOUDLY. Sarah freezes. Stops. Turns.
19) 11) dialog: What's that?
19) 14) text: Sarah looks at the gameboard and -- SARAH'S TOKEN slow dvances by itself to the sixth square. The drums stop. Sarah, frightened, approaches the board, then Alan.
19) 15) dialog: How'd it do that?
19) 20) dialog: What's that?
19) 22) dialog: Alan, don't. Just put it away. Suddenly the enormous GRANDFATHER CLOCK against the wall begins to chime GONG....GONG....GONG.... eC Disregarding Sarah, Alan tosses the dice. They land "2" and "3." ALAN'S PIECE now moves by itself, and the DRUMS begin, mixing with the CHIMING CLOCK which continues to GONG. The lettering appears. Alan whispers:
19) 25) dialog: Alan? ALAN! !?? Inside the living room the FLAPPING NOISE is louder; it sounds like BEATING WINGS. It grows still LOUDER. A HUNDRED BATS fly from the fireplace,» hovering, diving at Sarah. She SCREAMS. She runs into the front hall. She trips and falls to the carpet. A BAT lands on her shoulder. nd hideous) a mi er. Sarah SCREAMS. BATS divebomb at her, hitting her head and shoulders. She crawls to the front hall. Somehow opens the door. She runs from the house, stumbling blindly as -- ©
47) 0) text: The Man enters the locked room. We see that it is ALAN PARRISH'S BEDROOM, preserved exactly as it was in 1969. A year book. A half-constructed model of a ship. A school picture of a Sarah Whittle at age 13. The room is dominated by a fireplace with a stone hearth and ornate oak mantle. THE MAN FROM JUMANJI paces around the room. The place seems very familiar to hin. He sees A STACK OF NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS.. The Man From Jumanji grabs the topmost clipping. INSERT - THE HEADLINE reads:
68) 0) text: The foyer and living room is thoroughly trashed. We hear SCREAMING in an adjacent room, then many SCUTTLING FEET. Alan pushes open the door as -- AN ANTIQUE GLOBE comes rolling down a fan-shaped staircase. Alan steps aside. The globe rolls out the door. Alan looks at the top of the stairs at -- TWO JUMANJI MONKEYS AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS who smile at him, chatter, and run away. Alan runs into the room where we hear Sarah SCREAMING.
68) 2) dialog: Who are you?! Sarah is not what Alan expected. She's no longer the Glamorous girl, but a dowdy 35 year-old, with wire- rimmed glasses, bunned-up hair, wearing a conservatively cut, shapeless housedress.
68) 7) dialog: (suspiciously) How do you know my name?
68) 9) dialog: What game?
68) 12) dialog: How do you know: about the bats...?
68) 14) dialog: Alan? She faints...
69) 0) text: Alan comes down the porch stairs with Sarah over his shoulder.
70) 0) text: FOLLOWING Judy, entering with a glass of water; she hands it to Sarah on the couch.
70) 1) dialog: Thank you.
70) 2) text: ® uw or Sarah begins to drink. Mid-drink she stops, locking at who stands before her. She puts the glass down. Looks at him.
70) 3) dialog: Let's sum up. You've been living in a magic boardgame for twenty-six years, now you're back, and you want me to help you finish playing the magic boardgame or a mosquito the size of a sparrow will kill a bunch of people. Did I forget anything?
70) 5) dialog: (rises to leave) You're all lunatics.
70) 6) text: Sarah, look. Judy carries the gameboard over to Sarah. Sets it down. Sarah stares at it.
70) 7) dialog: Get...that away from me. Why are you doing this to me? (stops; deep breaths, talks to herself) Compose yourself. You're thirty- eight, a p.h.d., you've had two decades of therapy, you are a logical, intelligent, rational person. She starts for the door. Alan heads her off. They stand face-to-face.
70) 9) dialog: Oh this is nonsense.... .
70) 12) dialog: “They grow much faster than bamboo, take care or they'll come after you." BITS OF PLASTER fall on the game board. Everyone looks up at a CRACK in the ceiling. A VINE emerges.
70) 13) dialog: (whispers, incredulous) Oh my god, it really did happen. Twenty-two years of sessions with Doctor Boorstein to convince me it didn't. SMALL VINES push out from behind pictures, out of drawers, from in between sofa cushions, out of electrical outlets, from molding around the ceiling.
70) 14) dialog: I was his most interesting case. We discussed denial. We discussed reverse Oedipal leanings. We entertained notions of psychosis and schizophrenia....
72) 0) text: The foursome sits on the oriental rug in the middle of the room, the gameboard between them. This is a fabulous room, all mahogany and brown leather furniture. A bay window. Floor to ceiling books. SARAH stares straight ahead, breathing heavily.
72) 2) dialog: Hold on, hold on, wait.... (turns to Alan) Who put you in charge?
72) 4) dialog: Maybe we should.
72) 8) dialog: (defensively) What are you talking about?
72) 12) dialog: I was scared! I still am scared.
72) 14) dialog: Fine. Alan's in charge. Saran gives Alan a conciliatory look. Alan, in a conciliatory gesture, extends his hand. Sarah shakes Alan's hand. After the shake, Alan's hand is still outstretched. .
72) 20) text: 6c. VAN PELT leans in the bay window and BLASTS again. The shots RIP into the moulding, missing Alan by inches. Van Pelt climbs into the library and moves past -- SARAH, JUDY, and PETER, who cringe in terror.
75) 0) text: BENTLEY, at Sarah's house, looks up, wide-eyed, as -- ALAN sprints down the street past him. VAN PELT, walking quickly, precisely, comes down the street, aiming yet again.
76) 0) text: .The foursome reenters. They take their places around the gameboard. Alan picks up the dice and hands them to Judy. Judy begins to roll. Sarah restrains her hand.
76) 1) dialog: Who was that man? (no response) Alan, if there are people in there trying to kil] you....
76) 10) dialog: Leave her alone, Alan. Sarah puts her arm around Judy and whispers. : SARAH . i It's okay.
76) 17) dialog: What is that? Alan ignores Peter and focuses on the bookstack. The RUMBLING grows louder; the BOOKS begin to SHAKE and VIBRATE. In an instant it dawns on Alan:
84) 0) text: A low bridge, about 100 feet long, connecting the Parrish neighborhood to the town center. Alan and the pelican are below, upstream, 50 yards from the bridge. PETER, JUDY and SARAH stand on the bridge watching Alan, whispering:
84) 1) dialog: How in the world is he going to...? : ‘
86) 0) text: Sarah turns to Peter with a glum expression:
86) 1) dialog: You were saying? She looks down at the river.
87) 2) dialog: My god...
87) 7) dialog: That was pretty impressive Alan.
91) 0) text: The foursome is walking from the bridge. Alan and Sarah in the lead, the kids following behind.
91) 1) dialog: I've never told anyone this, Alan. Well, except my shrink - all these years I knew you were alive. Somehow I knew I'd see you again.
91) 3) dialog: Oh I don't know....the night you went away everything changed. After a SARAH (cont'd) the police and newspapers got through with me, you just can't imagine.... .
91) 5) dialog: Nope. People just stayed away. "There goes Sarah Whittle, the kid who saw Alan Parrish murdered...." (beat) I couldn't tell anyone what happend. Everyone thought I was crazy. After a while I thought I was crazy. I was so alone.
91) 7) dialog: I'm a writer.
91) 9) dialog: Encyclopedia articles.
93) 6) dialog: Uhhmm...he's...
93) 13) text: ur BENTLEY . Don't you go anywhere - I'm gonna want some answers from you. As Alan disappears into the cruiser, he worriedly looks at SARAH, JUDY and PETER. The cruiser roars off, heading back to town.
97) 0) text: Judy, Sarah, and Peter walking along. The crosshairs jump back and forth as Van Pelt searches for Alan. Again the crosshairs fall on -- THE JUMANJI GAMEBOARD in Judy's hands.
99) 0) text: The consequences of the Jumanji game are in full bloon. The place is a disaster. Sarah, Judy and Peter walk down the street, nervously looking around. It is chaos. -- Stores have been pillaged by monkeys and/or people. -~ CARS are parked helter skelter, some in the middle of the street, some on the sidewalk. -- an AMBULANCE races past. -~ A MAN lurches down the sidewalk, face flushed, sweating, clearly diseased. -~ We HEAR MONKEY CHATTERING in the windows of a store above, then merchandise comes flying out. A MOTORCYCLE ZOOMS past. It's driven by FIVE MONKEYS. The motorcycle is followed by -- A deep RUMBLE. We've heard it before. Sarah and the kids freeze. Look down the street.
99) 1) text: Their eyes bug out in terror and they dive inside a storefront as -- THE ELEPHANT, ZEBRA AND RHINOCEROUS HERD stampedes peil mell down the center of the street. Elephants fling cars aside’like toys. ; Finally it passes. Sarah and the kids emerge from the storefront. They continue down the street.
102) 0) text: Sarah is punching in her code at. an AN AUTOMATED TELLER MACHINE. Judy and Peter stand behind her.
102) 1) dialog: Five hundred dollars should bail him out. Judy SCREAMS. SARAH whirls around, and standing before them is -- rc The hunter Van Pelt! Peter quickly tries to hide the gameboard behind his back; Van Pelt yanks it from him, Sarah and -the kids watch nervously as -- VAN PELT looks at the gameboard. He finds it very interesting and we see why.... INSERT - THE GAMEBOARD - the great white hunter depicted on the exterior cover of the board is Van Pelt! VAN PELT looks up, eyes glinting. Then he whirls and stalks off, the gameboard in one hand, his rifle in the other!
105) 0) text: Sarah and the kids, crouched behind the window display (the window is smashed), peer inside the hardware store, whispering to each other.
105) 2) dialog: I don't think so. We've got to distract him...
107) 0) text: CLOSE- UP of SARAH'S EYE as an EYELINER traces a line under it and WIDEN TO -- JuDY, seated before Sarah, applying the make-up. Sarah has transformed. Her eyeglasses are history. She wears red lipstick. Her hair falls about her shoulders.
107) 1) dialog: Now for the final touch. She unbuttons the top two buttons of her dress.
107) 2) dialog: What do you think? Judy and Peter study Sarah.
107) 4) dialog: I do?
108) 0) text: The boardgame sits on the floor. Van Pelt is dousing it with kerosene. He grabs an EMERGENCY CAR FLARE, pulis it apart, yanking off the fiint. Just as he's about to ignite the car flare.... SARAH (0.s.) Oh Mr. Van Pelt.... Van Pelt, startled, looks over at -- SARAH WHITTLE in the threshold, leaning seductively against the door, newly glamorized. VAN PELT raises an eyebrow. Sarah approaches Van Pelt, putting extra sway into her hips as she walks. She purrs.
108) 1) dialog: Tell me - are all men from Jumanji as handsome as you?
108) 3) dialog: Getting what back? . (looks at the board) Oh, that? I don't want that, I want you. (sidles up next to him) What's the matter, handsome, don't you like girls?
108) 5) dialog: I bet you have. You don't know how long I've been waiting for a man like you. With all the wimps around here.... . She looks over Van Pelt's shoulder at THE GAMEBOARD on the floor and JUDY outside the shop, waiting for a chance to snatch the board. Sarah feels Van Pelt's arms.
108) 6) dialog: Oh my my my feel that... i) o She turns Van Pelt, so his back faces the board. JUDY creeps inside the store, going for it. Van Pelt turns around. Judy jumps back outside. Sarah runs*her hand across Van Pelt's shoulders.
108) 7) dialog: I'm Sarah. What's your name?
108) 9) dialog: Oooh. Magnus. I like that. She turns Van Pelt again. Judy creeps.in, then jumps back out as Van Pelt turns.
108) 10) dialog: Magnus, why don't we go back there, where we can be more.... (winks) ...comfortable.
110) 1) dialog: Go on and kiss me you big handsome brute. Sarah kisses Van Pelt. He gruffly takes her in his arms and kisses her back. And suddenly.... ALAN (0.s.) Sarah? SARAH, startled in mid kiss, opens her eyes. ALAN stands in the threshold, blinking. He can't believe it. Sarah is heartstoppingly beautiful. Van Pelt throws Sarah aside and goes for his gun. Alan rushes Van Pelt, knocking the gun from his hands. It CLATTERS to the floor. Alan and Van Pelt go at it. A brutal fistfight rages through the hardware store. The fight knocks over the KEROSENE CAN, spilling a large puddle on the floor. Van Pelt knocks Alan down, dazing him. Alan lies in the pool of kerosene, shaking his head. Van Pelt grabs the EMERGENCY FLARE and prepares to strike it and send Alan up in flames. Alan grabs a shovel (the floor is covered with tools from the fight) and whacks Van Pelt's legs, flooring him. The Emergency flare scuttles across the floor. Both men get to their feet. Alan punchs Van Pelt so hard that Van Pelt falls backward, landing on a ROLLING DISPLAY CART of garden seeds. THE CART rolls down the aisle, ramming Van Pelt's head into the kerosene shelves. van Feit gets to his feet with a KEROSENE CAN stuck to - Kerosene begins soaking the linen shell of the helmet. Van Pelt grabs up the emergency flare. ALAN AND SARAH are standing in the pool of kerosene. A tense pause. Alan throws up his hand.
111) 4) dialog: Wait! (looks around) Where's Peter?
113) 0) text: Alan, Sarah, Peter and Judy approach the Parrish Home. ALAN is looking SARAH over; specifically, her dress and stockings; she looks unbelievably desirable. ALAN and SARAH lock eyes. Alan, up to this point, has not looked upon Sarah in a romantic way.
113) 1) dialog: (self-consciously) what?
113) 3) dialog: Would you like to rephrase that?
113) 5) dialog: (outraged) What? You think I liked it?
113) 11) dialog: (blushing) Thank you, Peter.
115) 1) dialog: Oh my God. REVERSE ANGLE - THE PARRISH HOME INTERIOR - the walls are thick with vine. The CRYSTAL CHANDELIER in the foyer casts light through leaves, creating a dappled effect on the floor. JUNGLE SOUNDS echo; animal calls, screeching and purring and growling. The echos create a vast sense of space in the roon. EVERYONE stares at the room, very unnerved. cUuT TO: THE GAMEBOARD opening on the coffee table and WIDEN TO -
116) 0) text: The four players around the coffee table. The game is about to resume. We PAN from face to face. SARAH. JUDY. ALAN. PETER. (he's a monkey) Peter picks up the dice.
116) 2) dialog: Mine. Sarah grabs the dice from Peter. She sees Alan staring at her legs. She pulls her dress down. Judy and Peter smile. Sarah tosses the dice. Her piece moves. She reads her rhyme.
116) 3) dialog: Every month at the quarter moon; There is a monsoon in your lagoon.
116) 7) dialog: 
116) 13) dialog: 
116) 25) dialog: 
118) 0) text: It's like somebody let the cork out of a bathtub. Alan and ‘the crocodile are swimming against the tidal pull of the flushing water, like they're swimming in Place. The crocodile flushes out the door. Alan grabs the side of the doorway and hangs on as the water and furniture and everything else in the bloody Place flushes out into the street. He gets up quickly and hops up onto the table. He helps down Judy and Peter. Next comes Sarah. She slides down into Alan's arms. They stand there on the table. Their faces are close.
118) 1) dialog: You...you would have died for me. They stare into each others eyes. The moment is charged. Then Alan breaks away and hops. down.
120) 1) dialog: "Nature plays a little trick, the sand you're on is very quick." Alan's chair instantly sinks.
120) 7) dialog: (panicking) I don't know... ALAN is now chest deep....
120) 9) dialog: I know! She runs to the music stand, grabs it, and races back to Alan. She extends the legs to Alan. Peter and Sarah grab the music rack side and pull. The music stand is telescopic and it pulls apart. ALAN sinks deeper! Now PETER gets an idea. He runs to the wall and pulls down A TROMBONE. He runs back to Alan. The coffee table has sunk beneath him. Alan's neck deep now.
120) 11) dialog: Ready? Pull!!! They heave ho and the trombone pulls apart. Sarah and Peter collapse against the wall and -- -- ALAN sinks even deeper!
120) 21) text: Peter fetches the gameboard and dice. Sarah and Alan are almost kissing.
120) 22) dialog: You never answered my question.
120) 24) dialog: Did you think of me?
123) 0) text: comes racing down the stairs. He turns the corner and runs down the hallway toward the back door. CAMERA PANS from PETER exiting the shot to -- NORA entering, looking around in horror at the carnage. She walks to the living room. Looks up at -- ALAN'S LEGS and SARAH'S HANDS stuck through the ceiling, dangling in the middle of the living room. She hears SCREAMING above. She goes upstairs. Cb
127) 0) text: PETER enters with the axe. JuDY‘S rolling the GRAND PIANO into the path of the oncoming ants, which instantly rip into it, BZZ2Z22z2. The piano begins to slowly lower.... JUDY grabs the axe from Peter. She begins to furiously CHOP the rug and floorboards around Sarah's hands. One hand is freed. Then the other. Sarah pulls her hands out and grabs the axe from Judy. Sarah begins to CHOP the rug and floorboards around ALAN'S HEAD. Alan closes his eyes, flinching.
131) 11) dialog: Nooo! Sarah steps in front of Alan to take the bullet. THE BULLET from Van Pelt's gun exits the barrel, flies through the air and -- DEMATERIALIZES in mid-air, one foot fron Sarah's head. Sarah SCREAMS. Alan holds her tight. Time seems to stop. There is a RUSHING OF WIND, whipping round and round the walls of the living room. ALAN and SARAH, IN CLOSE-UP, exchange looks as each knows the game is ending. VAN PELT whirls around, terrified. His gun flies from his hand, vaporizing. ' i ‘ ' 7 in 7 . Suddenly the wall | explodes and everything from the world of Jumanji is within this swirling circle of wind -- '.
131) 15) dialog: (sadly) Judy. Alan picks up Peter's token.
132) 0) text: Alan and Sarah, riding double on Alan's bike, pedal up to the bridge. Sarah holds a PAPER GROCERY BAG. They stop in the middle. Sarah holds open the bag; Alan reaches inside. He pulls out the JUMANJI Box; it's clasped shut; two big ROCKS have been tied to it with twine. Alan steps to the railing and heaves the box over. The JUMANJI BOX plunges into the turbulent river, landing with a SPLASH!! Alan and Sarah watch the game submerge.
132) 1) dialog: I'm starting to forget what it's like to be a grown-up.
132) 3) dialog: Or Peter and Judy. They look into each other's eyes.
132) 4) dialog: There's something I've been wanting to do.... And Sarah Whittle kisses Alan Parrish on the lips. They smile at each other. They walk to Alan's bike, holding hands. FADE TO BLACK.
137) 2) dialog: Honey, they're here. 108. SARAH (cont'd) (as she exits) This is so exciting.
137) 6) dialog: * Hi Jim, Sarah Parrish.
137) 8) dialog: You must be Judy and Peter.
137) 15) text: The kids are so excited about moving here. The school's system's great f hear, especially for Judy. (smiles, watching her daughter open the present; whispers to Sarah} She's got a little dyslexia.
138) 0) text: CAMERA looks through the foyer windows as Alan and Sarah and the Shepherds move inside, their voices continuing: ALAN (v.0.) you're dad's going to find a way to market it, Peter. Did you know he's an advertising genius?