33) 0) text: Laura is on the dance floor, moving, tempting. Andrew is dancing next to her, smiling his head off. She smiles back. 40 4l 42. He sees his moment and moves even closer. She turns spinn on the shining floor. He leans into her ear.
33) 1) dialog: I was on my way home. (Beat) I’m pleased I came back. Laura leans into his ear.
33) 3) dialog: No problem. He kisses her neck. Laura gives him a cautious smile. He smiles back and winks as he boogies on.
34) 0) text: Laura is on the black floor. Still dancing. No music now. Just the sound of her and Andrew’s dancing feet. She turns, showing flesh. Andrew's slipping deeper into the floor with each movemen He’s unaware of anything but her as he sinks into the blackness. She smiles. He is just a head looking up at her, adoringly. She turns away as he slips under. The floor becomes solid again. She walks back over the spot he went through. Picks up he skirt and walks away. INT. BLACK VOID. UNDER THE FLOOR. CONTINUOUS. 4l Andrew is looking up at the spot where Laura would be if could see through the blackness around him. His eyes adju He realizes he’s looking at the other side of the floor. he’s beneath it. Laura’s footsteps click... click overhead, diminishing. He looks behind him to see the steps ascending into the underside of the floor. 43. He feels for the spot he came in through, but it’s gone. He looks down at his feet. His toes slow slide along the lip of the step. He tries to shift his weight, but his feet can’t make contact. He is weightless, as though underwater. As he desperately tries to regain a footing, he drifts further away. Or the stairs drift. He can’t tell which. Everywhere is blackness. Only the stairs hold any affirma of reality. But there they go. Moving gently away into the dimming vo until the last suggestion of them is gone. He hangs in this amniotic space deserted by everything he understands. Suddenly the far-off darkness shifts. Something is out there. Indistinct. But big and heavy. A barely recognizable FORM drifting in the abyss. A mass of deformed flesh. Bellies balloon around it like a ghoulish Marilyn Monroe skirt. Andrew drifts closer and sees a face, a distended bulk wi tiny eyes. They are alive these hopeless eyes, and they are looking Andrew. We realize this is, was, Colin. His healthy frame mutated into this horrific form. Andrew tries to speak but can’t. He stares terrified. Colin’s eyes jolt with pain; swallowing and breathing at same time. Andrew is close now. Suddenly Colin’s giant arm reaches up. Swollen, gnarled fingers plead for grasp. Andrew looks at the hand and takes it. This monstrous cla somehow tender.
34) 1) text: Andrew looks into Colin’s face. It is submitting to some ambient decay, which has weakened the surface so that fla of detritus drift from it. The left side of the head is breaking apart like wet brea The mouth is puffed-up, the lips split, burst like sausag Then, gliding like a car on black ice, Colin’s massive bu is carried away on some current. His eyes longing for rescue remain locked on Andrew until disappears. Andrew is alone again. Held by the black silence and terr We find Colin contained now inside a black box, a helples mound of flesh, elbows, toes, panic, back and bum. The box tips dramatically toward us, pouring him out like child tilted from a basin. He's no longer floating in liquid but carried on it inste round corner after corner by the flush of blackness which swills about his bulk. Then, a settling as the blackness calms. Below him, TWO LONG CYLINDERS are turning inwards on themselves like a mangle, crushing relentlessly. Now this new surface tilts, making him slide in the oily residue that drains off his body. His addled flesh shivers and the flaccid bulk looks like putrefied waste being shed into a bin. The grind and judder of splitting flesh and shattering bo as his legs go in. Stupefaction! His eyes quiver, his lips tremble for some way to squeal but the body is purged of its filling by this abominable machine in less than a breath. The emptying of a life, the discarding of its power, its hunger, its dreams. All sapped away, wrung out. This is a compelling display of destruction. A dark harvesting. An obliteration. An unsettling realization of ignominious, absolute ending 42 43 45. The flow of blood and flesh is quelled through sluices, t away down long trickling gutters into another darkness. The PURGED SKIN is seen now, spewing paper-thin from the mangle. Unrecognizable as human skin. Expelled like an empty disheveled bag, no longer needed. The rollers release their grip and it falls away. Almost weightless, it drifts in the dead airless void lik vast, broken, burst-shaped feather.