3) 0) text: The bike climbs up banking turns. It grinds hard against the pull of the incline, thunderin up the twisting rock-strewn curves towards the summit. 2. Advancing through swirls of smoke, the rider slows into a gully where the smoke hangs thicker and billows in the intense heat and gusting chill. The wet road gleams with the reflection of flames swirlin above. Then he sees the pale figure lying there in the glistenin mud at the base of the roaring fire. He dismounts and removes his helmet. The BAD MAN. He hurries to her and lifts her up out of the mud. He looks into the body, not the face but the centre of th limp doll he is holding. He shakes it. Shakes it again until the eyes seem to open He helps her to her feet, helps her to recover, then stea her as they walk out of frame.
6) 0) text: Something is happening in the sky above the sea. Inexplicable, effortless, beyond logic. 6. A thin, rectangular LINE OF PURE WHITE LIGHT about two mi long is held in perfect parallel with the horizon. It sits motionless a hundred and fifty feet above the surface, and three miles off shore. It is beautiful - as harmonious as it is worrying. Comple omnipotence. The sea beneath it is millpond calm. A gentle tide sweepi into the shore is all that can be heard. Far out, something is moving slowly towards us. A refract imperfection of the light on the water's surface. It is an object moving on the water towards us. As we watch its approach, we eventually see what it is. A BOAT. A fifteen-foot long, black, wooden skiff gliding towards Seemingly under its own steam as if a giant finger had propelled it. Soon it is in the shallows and the hull glides into a gri against the pebbles. From behind camera, the Bad Man enters frame. What tells us he’s not human is that he's not looking at thing in the sky. His attention is totally on the boat instead. As he reaches the bow, he drags it up onto the stones. The Bad Man now throws back a cover to reveal the Young Woman, vacuum-packed in transparent material. The Bad Man steadies the boat in the swell. He takes out knife, makes a few deft cuts in the packaging. There is no sudden gasping for air or dramatic coming to life. The naked female simply steps out of its plastic sheathing, and then from the boat onto the shore. The Bad Man throws a blanket round her. She waits there silently in the half-light with a look of abstraction. The Bad Man pushes the boat adrift again. The two figures turn and walk shoulder to shoulder up the beach. It's here, as we pan away from the sea to follow their wa that we see where we are. 10 The wild landscape of Northern Scotland. Not a word has been spoken, not a gesture imparted. The epic light in the sky remains. The figures emerge through a bluff of sand to find a whit transit van parked with its back to the sea.
6) 1) text: The Young Woman steps into the back of the van. She folds herself daintily past the heavy motorbike held place with industrial straps and between the hanging clot that make a crumpling sound above her. She clears a space between bags, empty shoeboxes and discarded undergarments. The Bad Man shuts the doors and we hear his footsteps mov around to the side of the van and get in. She pulls her angular limbs into some pants and a bra. The van trundles off as she gathers clothes from the collection that hangs about her. The things of the world are dressed onto her. Shirt, skir shoes, coat... She opens a box in front of her revealing documents and credit cards all bearing her photograph and the name “MS. LAURA FLYNN”. She begins to put them into a small handbag.
15) 0) text: A rather WIRED, BALD MAN is staring at Laura, his shiny f glowing hot with sexual arousal. He smiles a hesitant, unpleasant smile. She glances at him from moment to moment as she weaves al these winding roads. He licks his lips nervously. Then edges a little closer towards her. His hand slides slowly across the seat. His fingertips furtively reach and probe at the edge of h thigh, half-frightened they might arouse rebuttal. He looks at her lasciviously, his tongue swelling in his head. He looks down at her smooth flesh, and gulps at the idea it. He eases the hem of her skirt a little higher. Laura looks down at her exposed thigh then up at him and eyes fixed on her flesh.
16) 0) text: They arrive between half collapsed sheds drawing into a sodden yard. 19. She pulls up and looks at the man, her eyes breaking loos with wild provocation. She backs out of her seat, lithe and supple, opens the do and eases out. The Bald Man eases out too, but he's less assured in ever way. As he drops down from the van, his thin shoes designed fo night out in whatever silly, little bar she found him in, land straight into a puddle. The water fills his shoes in a split second somehow snapp him out of his sexual stupor. She dangles her keys seductively as she moves towards the ruin of a house. He looks surprised by the place she's brought him to. It' million miles from the love nest he imagined. The house i crumbling wreck about ready for the bulldozer. He suddenly stops.
16) 1) dialog: There's someone in there! As he speaks the sound of his own words resonate in him bringing a sudden alarm.
16) 3) dialog: (pointing up) I saw that curtain move. She turns blank-faced to look up at the house. We focus hard on the window and it is still as the crypt. A tiny slit of black runs up one side of it where the cur is badly hung but there is nothing there. She finishes looking up at the window and looks back at h smiling. He is still pointing at the window.
16) 5) dialog: I saw something...
16) 7) dialog: No.
16) 9) dialog: No... I'm not going in there. is really broken now, and she knows it.
16) 11) dialog: There fucking well is. I saw it right... Do you know who's in there?
16) 13) dialog: Why is it silly? I'm telling you there's someone in there. Laura flashes her most alluring smile.
16) 15) dialog: (not having any of it) Nah. Nah, nah, nah. I know what this is. You've got a bloke in there with a fucking bat! You were going to fucking mug me! What a fucking idiot... bird like you wanting to fuck a bloke like me, do me a favor, this is a fucking set- up. She opens the door and steps inside. Beyond her he can just see the dank interior of the build The dilapidation around the door frame is obvious even in this light, but beyond the threshold, just the vortex of darkness blacker than everything else. She turns in the doorway leaning forward, eyes wide saying “What's the problem! ?” Exasperated and still keyed up with suspicion, he looks i the darkness, peering past her and into it for a moment, silent, considering his options. 23 21. From the darkness her voice softly speaks.
16) 17) dialog: I know what I saw and that's that.
16) 20) dialog: If someone jumps me in here... Laura laughs a coquettish laugh. He shuts the door.
18) 0) text: We are high up, looking down at the undulating hills, sprawling woodland and long ribbon of grey road below. We see the van as little more than a moving white dot fro this vantage point. In its wake, we see the dot of black that is the Bad Man his motorbike. We watch them travel always just out of sight of each oth
26) 0) text: The Bad Man walks along the dunes. He is making for the little orange tent the swimmer had pointed out from a distance. On arrival at the bedraggled tent he dips inside, folds a the worn blanket and pillow, and without breaking rhythm, starts to dismantle the tent poles, pegs and cords. He moves inside and out expertly. Bit by bit it rolls away, creating a tiny bundle that fit under his arm. He stands and looks at the spot. All that is left is a flattened rectangle in the sand. The winds are already blurring the edges of the shape int obscurity. His task complete, he turns back towards the ridge of the dune and the car park it leads to. Thirty feet along the ridge, the Bad Man sees the boy has made his way to the path. The child is standing there in silent desperation, devour by fear. He shivers a little under the Bad Man’s gaze and his eyes roam about as he ponders what crying out actually achieve a situation like this. The Bad Man looks at the child without so much as a blink is covered with a dusting of sand especially around his n and mouth where his tears and slobbers have become caked grit. We can see he’s tried to eat the grass or dirt. His knees and hands are scratched from falling down and h face is weathered from exposure. His clothes are damp from the night in the open air. His reddened eyes are already lost in shock. 33 34. The Bad Man moves on. The toddler tries to follow as he passes by. A dry whimper murmurs at his back as he rouses himself. The Bad Man turns to look at ‘it’ with the sharp focus of scientific instrument. The way a microscope looks at a new germ or a jaded docto studies an X-ray. There is no meaning in his gaze, he is simply measuring equations, examining the possibilities for the most exped action. Satisfied, or rather having understood the probabilities fully, he simply turns away. After a dozen steps, the toddler realizes the Bad Man’s leaving. At first it is like a groan or a deep hum but as the dist between them opens, the power of the sound increases in a astounding way. He now experiences a squeal that reverberates on a cosmic level, a noise of such pitch as to stop the gulls in the to silence the waves. He hears it all the way to the motorbike and even as he k starts the engine the sound still cuts through. Does he drive away in haste? It's hard to say. Perhaps it just us wishing him to flee. Perhaps it would just be mor acceptable if he would, to escape this nerve-jangling how
32) 1) dialog: I don't usually walk into the ladies. But there's a line of blokes out there waiting chat you up. (Shrugs his shoulders) No alternative. (Beat) My name’s Andrew. And in that moment everything shifts back into alignment her. She’s in control again. Of where she is. And how she got here.
39) 0) text: Laura is on the opposite side of the street to the car po She is looking through its gates at the Bad Man saying something to a car pound EMPLOYEE which makes him laugh a hearty, sordid sort of laugh. Soon we see Laura's van approaching. And as the man delivering it gets out, the chit is stampe and the Bad Man shakes the employees hand. The Bad Man then gets into the van and drives it out onto road. He pulls up a short way from the pound and gets out. He hands Laura the keys as she approaches and moves off towards his motorbike without a word. The charming grin and ebullient demeanor he showed to the pound employee is gone without a trace. Laura gets in and drives away.
41) 3) dialog: What!?
41) 5) dialog: Oh. 51. The man sits in the corner of the cab unnerved and uncomfortable. Then Laura looks over at him with a totally carefree smil an irresistible smile, and then back at the road.
41) 7) dialog: Children scream.
41) 11) dialog: Nothing.
41) 13) dialog: Mentioning what?
41) 16) dialog: No. I don't care. Well, no If you want to know... I just don't need it. 52.
41) 19) dialog: Every few days.
41) 21) dialog: I go in to find work, once or twice a month. Down near the docks, they come along and pick you out the line.
41) 23) dialog: Cleaning, laboring. Cash in hand. I got a night watchman job once but I couldn't hold on to it because of George.
41) 25) dialog: My dog.
41) 27) dialog: He can look after himself.
41) 29) dialog: He'll be under the willows. Waiting for me.
41) 31) dialog: I have a wee camp in Grancha Park.
41) 35) dialog: Well he's alright if I'm gone for a night but if it's too regular or more than a night he goes loony, howling and barking... someone's been murdered when they hear him.
41) 37) dialog: Aye.
41) 39) dialog: Because it takes a couple of hours to walk there.
41) 41) dialog: (bemused) What's going on? (to himself) What's happening? He finds his mouth working again almost without warning. all suddenly too much for him.
41) 42) dialog: What's happening? Is it a joke or something?
41) 44) dialog: You looking at me like you want it. Like it's on a plate.
41) 46) dialog: Why?
41) 48) dialog: I don't want pity.
41) 50) dialog: My mouth!?
41) 52) dialog: I've got a nice mouth??
41) 56) dialog: What?
41) 59) dialog: I don't know. Everything?
41) 62) dialog: Doing what?
41) 64) dialog: How far away is it?
41) 66) dialog: That's too far, I won't get back in time.
41) 68) dialog: I can't understand how a bird like you doesn't have a man about. I feel strange.. I don't know what you want me to do.
41) 70) dialog: (suspiciously) I mean what are you doing up here all alone? Driving around all alone?
41) 72) dialog: Do you ever answer it? She laughs and gives him a little nudge. He smiles, maybe for the first time in years, and in that moment we know he is lost.
42) 0) text: A remote derelict house set some way back from the main r Laura is walking toward the door, her key aimed at the lo Behind her the Ugly Man edging along the path with uncert footsteps. The key turns and the interior beckons.
44) 0) text: As before, the blackness is everywhere. The sounds of the footsteps echo on the black marble floor. As Laura walks, she looks over her shoulder as she lets h top drop through her fingers. The Ugly Man moves as if on a chain. Eyes locked on her. He pulls his shirt up over his torso. The steel dog-whistle pops out of his pocket and falls through the darkness like a slither of sunlight. It lands with a sharp tinkle-tinkle. The noise brings on a silence like that after a gun crack Stirred, he looks at her, the other-worldliness is gone. spell is broken. He opens his mouth weakly.
44) 1) dialog: Ha... Cha Hel Hello...
44) 3) dialog: This is... I am. This is... I am asleep?
44) 5) dialog: You're asleep too?
44) 7) dialog: This is great isn't it... I love this.
44) 9) dialog: Cold.
44) 11) dialog: I feel cold? I'm asleep aren't I? 58.
44) 13) dialog: I don't like it... Suddenly she is there on his shoulder.
44) 14) dialog: Where’s George?
44) 16) dialog: My mouth’s dry. Everything’s going at a hundred miles an hour.
44) 18) dialog: I'm dreaming... dreaming.
44) 20) dialog: Good. 59. As the man takes another step to her, she reaches out to while taking a step backwards and he, like a dumb animal, summoned forward again. Another shape emerges from the darkness... the Bad Man. He steps over to where the little silver dog-whistle fell He crouches now and picks it up carefully. He looks at the object for a moment, then, having underst it, slips it into his pocket. He steps silently back into the depths of the darkness ag and it is as if he had never been there.
44) 22) dialog: No, never.
44) 24) dialog: They better be. Gave me-self a right fright there. (reproaching himself) Fucking shitter.
44) 26) dialog: (reassuring himself) Okay. Laura is working to keep him in line. He steps on and loo to the floor as it takes him in. He double takes. Laura beckons. He breathes hard, eyes questioning. His limbs edge into action. The shadow figures withdraw. At each step he persuades himself to take the next. The frailty of his progress compels her. Her body falls i a new rhythm, more insistent. Her gyrations become a sensual dance. 52 60. Her fingers click-click to provoke him. His eyes widen. Her arms, hips and neck scintillate. His mouth hangs open. Soon he is in it up to his chin. He takes a long, terrified look at Laura. She smiles at h like nothing's happening. He takes a deep, terrified breath, holds his nose and put his head under. Laura stops, turns and moves back out of the blackness towards the stairs, collecting her clothes as she goes. We read the echo of fragility in the movement of her eyes body. She seems less exact, less vigorous, less disconnected.
46) 0) text: The Bad Man steps off his motorbike and moves to the wrou iron gates of Grancha Parkland. They are locked. He steps back, scanning the area. He throws his leg over metal spikes. He walks up the pasture. Three weeping willows rustle in wind. He gets to about twenty feet away and stops.
46) 1) dialog: (calls) George!... George! Nothing. He looks about. Moves closer to the hulking tree Listening. The trees groan in the wind.
46) 2) dialog: George. Suddenly there is a scramble in the leaves near him. He turns to face the sound. The wind whistles. Then aggressive barking... but in the other direction. He turns. Suddenly he reaches for his leg and spins. His hands tear whatever is grasping his thigh. In the half light he can A MASSIVE ALSATIAN. George. Eyes rolling in anger, teeth locked into his leg. George twists trying to tear the leg off. He raises a fist but as he brings it down, the beast is g 54 62. The Bad man moves towards a fallen tree and gathers up a stick. Armed, he turns, but at that moment, George is in the air leaping at his throat. The man gets his arm up. George knocks him to the ground and is on him, teeth lock on his forearm. H He reaches to tear it away. George snaps viciously at the hand, then bounds off. The Bad Man gets unsteadily to his feet. The beast is moving at the edge of the willows. The Bad M looks at it. It looks at him. The Bad Man turns seeking higher ground or some other advantage. George bounds out into the clearing. Then checks and retu into cover. The Bad Man is struggling to keep the animal in his sight The trees hiss and groan in the winds. The Bad Man suddenly turns to and strides for the gate. H clambers over it. We see George weave amidst the trees. There, ominous for a moment, then gone. The Bad Man clutches at his forearm, trying to stem a hig pitch wheeze of escaping gas from the wound. An insistent hiss like decompression is visible through t flapping edges of the ripped sleeve. He takes A GUN from his inside pocket and loads the clip. He reaches into his pocket. Takes out the Ugly Man's dog- whistle, holds it to his lips and blows. We hear nothing.
48) 0) text: We cut outside to see her fist open and the bee fly out f it. She draws the door shut again without haste and we remain with the bee as it weaves lazily towards the ragged flowe in this forgotten garden. We watch it arrive at a blossom and alight on it. It steps over the bright yellow petals to gently find its to the pollen rich core inside. The buzzing is different now - soothing, and the skittish replaced with a swaying, humming dance. The bee is blushed with pollen as it emerges like some dr lover crawling out of an orgy. It rises into the air again, drifting with the wind to it next beautiful rendezvous. 56 64. We hear a metallic rasp. The front door is being pushed open again. TWO FIGURES, just silhouettes in the gloom of the interio first stumble out of the house. They seem to shy from the light for a moment but it is si balance they are struggling with. Laura and something heaving for breath. They're holding each other. They draw closer. She is holding it up. Supporting it, walking it. It's standing now, sucking in air through its tiny missha mouth. It has legs, massive, bloated, and arms that hang flaccid Yet somewhere inside this bulbous mass, the folds of fat, taut skin about to burst.. is a man. The Ugly Man. They glint now as they step out of the building’s shadow. they're wet. Laura's hair trails over the Ugly Man as she struggles, holding him. Sodden and weak they move slowly. They step uneasily with each other. He manages to hold onto a tree, but now he straightens, s to find his feet. She lets him step... then step again. He's walking, she moves away from him, willing him to kee moving. He steadies himself, then presses on. She hurries to the van and starts it urgently. The gears grind as it roars out of the drive.
50) 0) text: A small, suburban cul-de-sac on the very edge of a field. The Ugly Man is crawling, dragging himself through the mu ground towards it. His bloated bulk is sweating and breathless from the effo his flesh torn and bruised from his journey. The rooftops of the houses loom above the hedges, he seem feet away from rescue, as if he could almost reach out fo doorbell and everything would be alright. The Bad Man enters the scene with sudden, alarming resolv His bike revs at the entrance to the field. He looks into intensely and sees the long grass move from something crawling through it. He shifts the bike into gear and we see him make a b-line the cul-de-sac.
51) 0) text: Birds are flitting in a bird table. The PAPER BOY is cycl down the hill to the shops. Steam is coming from the vent outside bathroom windows. The small close is waking up. The Bad Man pulls up at the mouth of the street, stops th bike and dismounts. He can see the bulk of the Ugly Man just appearing throug the ragged hedges that scrub onto the pavement. Facing him are the garden gates and beyond the waking hou and certain rescue. The Bad Man is now running. He heads for a car parked in driveway. He arrives at the drivers window and ploughs hi fist through it. He reaches inside and opens the door with deft continuous movement and gets in. A moment later the engine starts and the car is eased int reverse, suddenly everything is controlled urgency again. He turns and takes off. He stops just ahead of the Ugly Man who is now half on th path, gets out, opens the back door then walks over to hi and drags him back towards the car, glancing about at win and doors with the full awareness that they might open at moment. The Ugly Man is bundled in head first. 59 60 66.
51) 1) dialog: (muffled)
52) 0) text: The handbrake is released, the wheels turn, dust and flec rise in the air. A net curtain is swept wide to see the car drive casually away and out of the street. We are close on the Bad Man's face. We/he hears the sound of a woman's shocked voice, intimat as if she was in the car with us. WOMAN’S VOICE Oh my God... The Bad Man turns his head very suddenly and looks out of passenger window, crouching to see the upper floor of one the little houses. He looks directly to where the voice is coming from. There standing at the bedroom window is an OLD WOMAN. She is looking straight at the Bad Man as he drives out o the street. As he slows, she lets the curtain close. And through the nets he sees her silhouette as she shakil raises a phone to her ear. He almost stops but instead guns the engine into life and advances in a cloud of exhaust fumes.
56) 1) dialog: The bus'll be along in a minute. Laura looks round surprised by the outburst. She looks at him blankly for a moment. He looks away with a demeanor that says 'well that's the information, do with it as you will’. Laura considers for a beat longer, then makes her way bac towards the bus stop. 64 70.
57) 0) text: Laura and the Quiet Man on an empty bus. Laura is sitting right behind the driver staring straight into that black panel that separates him from the passeng The Quiet Man sits a little further back. He is looking at her, or rather at her face reflected in dark panel. He can tell she is not absentmindedly staring into mid sp but unflinchingly at her own reflection. He feels his breath stop as that face stares at itself, completely absorbed, suspicious and lost.
57) 4) dialog: On the road to Cawdor.
57) 6) dialog: No, it’s a quiet place. (Beat) Is that where you're headed?
57) 8) dialog: Where are you headed?
57) 10) dialog: Are you okay? Has something happened?
57) 12) dialog: How's that?
57) 14) dialog: Sight seeing do you mean?
57) 16) dialog: Well there are a million places. That’s no use to her, so she leans slightly forward and repeats the question for the driver, seeking a serious answer.
57) 18) dialog: I’d start with Cawdor Castle. She ignores that answer, so as to conceal its importance her.
58) 0) text: The bus is pulling away from the town bus stop. The Quiet Man and Laura are walking up the high street. L has his big coat draped over her shoulders. They could as easily be with each other as not. The dista between them is the distance maintained by strangers and holds it.
59) 0) text: We are in a vast, white supermarket. Laura shadows the Quiet Man as he navigates his trolley through the aisles. He considers a pre-packed casserole, checking the price t before replacing it. Laura's face, almost cocooned in his big heavy coat, is bleached out under the glare of the kilowatts, which blas everything with a cleansing intensity.
60) 0) text: Two figures walking. The Quiet Man carries plastic bags. Laura follows in his strides. He trudges up the little path to the door of a concrete council house and finds the keyhole. She follows him inside without ceremony. 68 73.
61) 0) text: A little room bathed in half-light from the dense curtain Laura sits on a low, brown couch under the window; the Qu Man in an armchair. They are watching a show on television together, dinner o their laps. Laura leans over her food, her hand moves here and there, selecting but unsure. The Quiet Man wipes his plate clean with a piece of bread Laura brings a forkful of meat up to her mouth and insert like a child who has just mastered the art of cutlery. Her lips close tight around the delivery. She tries to swallow. Same result as when she tried to eat the cake, sudden ten gripping her face and throat. She sets the fork aside with a rattle and brings her hand her mouth to suppress a violent choke. The Quiet Man is on his feet and reaching his big hand ar to pat her back. She gets up and shuffles towards what must be the bathroo We see the Quiet Man return to his seat and sit listening The sounds coming up the hall seem controlled. He sips fr large mug. His eyes return to the television.
62) 0) text: Laura lies in the Quiet Man's bed. Her eyes are set in so mid-point. The Quiet Man sets a dainty cup of tea and saucer on a cardboard box near the bed as if it were the finest delic Laura's eyes read it, then seem to return to the ceiling a kind of meditative state.
62) 2) dialog: No you don't. He angles a bar fire towards her with the toe of his boot then takes his leave. We slowly drift from Laura's face to the open door, which leads to the front room. The Quiet Man is sitting back in his armchair. He puts a leg up on a stool in a vain attempt to find comfort. His head slumps slowly to the side as he falls asleep in chair like a kind of giant guarding a princess. Slowly the ambience of safety overrides the small house. Nothing moves.
63) 0) text: Undulating hills reaching trees and peaty bog. She is guided by him - led up rocky paths and down slippe banks. They reach a fast flowing stream with stepping-stones dot across its width. A little waterfall a hundred yards away roars. Trees rust in accord and the sky seems open to the attendant energie She looks down at the water, judging it, and he in that s moment instinctively without a word gathers her up into h arms. She does not waver as he steps out onto the semi-submerge stones. He finds his balance and moves with that focused certaint that a man finds when he's in charge of something he care about. She is motionless in his arms. He senses her trust and is emboldened by it. They are almost over to the other side. He stops to look along the river and nods to her to look too. She follows his gesture and can see figures, edging towar the ledge of the waterfall. Screams of exhilaration as a figure rushes over the ledge plunges. 71 76. Another figure throws itself into space, giving itself ov to the affects of gravity and water. Laughter explodes with splashes as more bodies launch int space. The Quiet Man moves on without haste or fatigue. At the other side he sees the path is muddy and the long grass wet, so he doesn't set her down but keeps walking w her in his arms.
64) 0) text: We are high in a blustering turret. Laura is braced between two granite blocks in the space w once arrows would have been aimed at invaders. Her shirt open. The Quiet Man is nestled beside her. They are kissing. His face is latched onto hers like his life depended on i This is no longer a set piece. She's risking, exploring. She wants something to happen to her, uncertain what that something is. They break out from the kiss slowly. As he breathes her in we see her hand rising slowly up fr her side. The hand is open and dramatic like that of a gunslinger a to draw. Up it comes and suddenly it is there beside his head and she clutches his head to her. They kiss again. Her fingers move in his hair. Her tongue appears furtivel between her lips. The Quiet Man is drawing on her mouth like it's the sourc life. Then the Quiet Man comes up for air and freezes. He can hear footsteps ascending the stone staircase. He gathers Laura's garments into place as best he can bef TWO ELDERLY HIKERS appear in yellow anoraks. 72 73 77. They shuffle off the turret and into the stairwell with a embarrassed nod to the tourists.
65) 0) text: The wind gathers as the Bad Man walks up a steep incline the rocky summit of a mountain. He arrives at the highest vantage point and stops. His eyes reach out purposefully over the landscape. He looks intently to the west over the rolling hills that disappear into mists. Then he looks out to the north and broken fields and pock of water giving way to the ocean and the sky. He turns again to scan the east with its dense woodlands climbing peaks. Somehow we almost get a sense he is lost.
66) 0) text: Laura moves with grace through a derelict barn on farmlan Not leading, as before, but led. She looks into the Quiet Man’s face and he into hers. Then he lays her down in the hay. His body, flushed with life and lust moves over her, find her form under the clothes. She responds to his hands. He draws her skirt up around her waist. His fingertips mo inside the top of her knickers. Then he sweeps the index finger round the rim of the cott stretching them over her. She wiggles up off her ass allowing them to be drawn, slo and with calmness and poise, down her long thighs, over h knees, along her calves and around her heels and toes. She is still, except for the rise and fall of her breathi He looks at her magnificent beauty exposed and offering itself. His hands move along her calves and knees and hips and th ascend to her face. 78. He holds her head and kisses her with fervor. He moves over her, finding his position to enter. She reaches her hand along his back drawing him close. He bears down, then withdraws shifting his shoulders, realigning. He pushes down again, hesitantly, seeking entry. Again, he shifts and adjusts until slowly he realizes... There is no orifice! She cannot be penetrated. We see him lost in his thoughts as he tries to grapple wi the finality of this. He moves lower and eases into a more relaxed embrace, his head now on her shoulder. He nestles there quietly, his eyes full of disturbance bu focusing instead on her beauty and the pleasure of her to
66) 1) dialog: I can’t hear your heart. He moves his hand to her wrist to feel her pulse. Then sh his head.
66) 2) dialog: It's like you're dead. He moves his ear to her chest again.
66) 3) dialog: That’s so weird. He sits up, looks at her and then goes to check her pulse again. She gently recoils. She embraces him, deeply and with equal disquiet. She reaches between his legs delicately. We see him respond to her touch. His back tightens and he moves with her gentleness to and fro. She kisses him on his neck. Then he kisses her face. Their tempo gently builds, becoming committed again. Hand sweeping over bodies, mouths locking together. 74 79.
67) 0) text: The Quiet Man lies fast asleep in the makeshift bed. Laura is standing and dressing a few feet away. Her manner is flat, unemotional. She looks for all the world like someone dressing to go t work. She is distracted now as the man shifts. He murmurs and fidgets, something is disturbing his slumb She turns to watch him. His face is taught, his eyelids flicker with dreaming. She stands there like a scientist, observing. Now his lips mouth soft words, barely audible, distant.
67) 1) dialog: LLaaauurrraa.
67) 3) dialog: Laaauurraaa... Laaauuurrrraaaaaa.. His voice although muffled, is anxious, calling out to he urgently from the other side of sleep. Laura leans slowly forwards and touches his shoulder. Suddenly he jolts. His eyes open and he gasps a breath as if coming up from depths. He sees her standing there looking at him.
67) 4) dialog: (matter of fact) My God, what a crazy dream. That was so weird and real... frightening. I was lying here next to you really worried that those doors were going to open. Couldn’t let my eyes close for fear they would. (MORE )
67) 6) dialog: I was watching them for ages and ages, getting really worried like I knew something was going to come for me. Then it did. ...Those doors opened and I could see a shadow outside, it was moving closer and closer, coming towards me, sort of floating, and it stood here by the bed looking down at me. Snarling at me. And I was paralysed by it. So I called out to you knowing you were lying next to me, to wake me. To rescue me. He looks up at her through squinting eyes. She waits, letting him gather his senses. Then he smiles a little at his own silliness.
67) 7) dialog: I thought something terrible was going to happen. Laura looks down at him then turns away and finishes gett dressed. He looks at her realizing. He sits up on an elbow.
67) 8) dialog: What are you doing?
68) 0) text: The early morning sun shimmers in the dappled water of a loch. A small ferry is making its way steadily across. On the deck, the Bad Man sits on a little bench, a differ motorbike parked nearby. It’s just as dark and powerful as the old one. The Bad Man is reading a local newspaper. His expression remains blank as he reads the headline: 76 77 81. “TERROR CRIME STRIKES HIGHLAND IDYLL. LOCAL GRANDMOTHER SHAKEN BUT DEFIANT.” We see his eyes fall down the page to a photograph of the little cul-de-sac now cordoned off by police tape. “Man beaten then kidnapped by ruthless assailant.” Below it is a picture of the motorbike he abandoned. The caption underneath says: “Driven by the kidnapper.” And inset, a picture of the number plate. Now we are looking up in a tight CU of the Bad Man’s face His eyes scan to the next image of police standing at the edge of a ravine. The report here asserts: “Kidnappers body found in the seat of stolen car after de plunge. His victim has not been found.” And then, at the end of a police statement about how: “Gang related violence is on the increase.” We read the words: “No leads.” The Bad Man folds the paper under his arm and looks out o the ice cold water and into the wild Scottish landscape. At the concrete slip on the far shore, people and cars wa for the ferry. A bell clangs its imminent arrival.
73) 0) text: We move fast over blurring tarmac. The Bad Man powers ruthlessly forwards on his motorbike. Just as we saw him at the start of the film as he raced t recover her predecessor, the Fire Woman. The bike roars as he pushes his wrists hard over the accelerators and the road dips under him. He lashes through gears and the bike feels the road again We are tight on the back-end now as a corner looms. He be leaning into it. Tendrils of hedgerow whip over his helmet. 81 82 88. The edge of the tire plumes with a little smoke as the we adjusts on the apex of the bend. Then more speed and vibration. Mechanical adrenalin. We are up ahead of the machine now looking back. See the undulating road and how the vehicle clings to it perfectly.
74) 0) text: The Bad Man powers on up the gradient, the pulse throwing bike across frame and sucking the air out of the space behind. As the visibility becomes less, he slows. He takes stock, then pulls off the road, stops and dismou In the distance, on the next mountain, he can see the fai halo of a fire. He looks at it pondering.
75) 0) text: The Bad Man walks through the dense heather. A short distance away smoke rises from a tree, blackened still burning. He stops to study footprints, her footprints that weave i the mud. Tracing them backwards, he sees that they set off from th lake-side, so he walks towards them. He sees the footprints meander aimlessly at the waters ed He finds the place where she slept in the reeds. He crouches to see her form impressed in that swaddling n He moves on, following the prints. Longer strides now, and there joining them, heavy prints their wake. He follows them until the ground is churned and the littl footprints disappear into shrub. He looks towards the burnt tree, spitting with red embers and walks over to it. 83 89. He focuses on a large dark patch at its base, and notices tangible signs. A heel from Laura's shoe. The delicate mound that could be an elbow or ankle. He sees her charred belt buckle. And a melted button. He exhumes them and puts them in his pocket. He moves to a section of her charcoal hand. Finds the smoke-coated wedding ring on the brittle finger snaps it off. Conceals it in the same pocket. He surveys the Pompeii-ish remains. At the edge of the blackened circle lies the husk of her petrified face, fractured by the fury of fire. He applies his heel to it matter-of-factly. The black crust snaps underfoot throwing grey powder into air. He grinds the evidence into nothingness with his boot, nonchalantly. Like he's putting out a cigarette. All that's left is a black, formless blot on the earth an ghostly plume of dust. He turns now towards the muddy oily sludge at the edge of black ash, focusing on the woodsman's vehicle tracks. His gaze traces them to the lane and on towards heavy tir tracks that churn off into the distance. His dead gaze reaches out after them.
77) 0) text: The Bad Man is arriving at Laura's van. It's exactly on the verge next to where she left it. He stops the bike at the van’s back doors and steps off. He opens them, then he lowers a small ramp from inside be steering the bike into it. He fastens the straps then he closes the doors. Then he reaches into a pocket and fishes out a phone. We see immediately it's the Woodsman's phone. On it of course, the only remaining image of ‘Laura’. Arriving close to the edge of the water he draws back and launches it into a long arching throw that ends in a splo The phone disappears into the And as we hear him climb into off, our focus remains on the time, the water is completely And it's as if nothing at all