2) 0) text: Where a SERGEANT and several OFFICERS kneel behind the pa cars, further protected by portable BALLISTIC SHIELDS. Th turn as the patrol car SCREECHES to a stop. Emerging from the car is DETECTIVE-LIEUTENANYT MIKE HARRI mid-thirties, sweat-soaked white shirt, necktie askew, a long~framed SHOULDER HOLSTER slung under his arm. Harriga is the ‘whip’ of Metro Command, ~- the field commander. Harrigan makes his way across the street towards the barricade, followed by LEONA CANTRELL, strong, handsome, stride of an athlete, the purposeful countenance of one b and raised on the streets. She wears on her hip a SMITH a WESSON REVOLVER with a custom grip. At her side is DANIEL (‘DANNY’) CUTTER, 37, a tall, raw~b man, Harrigan’s childhood buddy and police partner for fi years. Harrigan approaches the SERGEANT, crouching beside him. B the way his eyes scan the street, we realize this man’s lifestyle has been forged in the no-quarter~-given arena streets. This is one smart, tough, COP.
2) 9) dialog: You got it. Harrigan opens the trunk of his car, riffling through sev CANVAS BAGS, an arsenal of WEAPONS visible. He selects a cut-down ASSAULT SHOTGUN, checks the action, and slams sh the trunk. Harrigan jumps into his car, tossing the shotgun on the s Holding the driver’s door open, he PEELS OUT in reverse, the sidewalk, aiming the open door at a TELEPHONE POLE. T impact rips the door off, which slides across the sidewal PREDATOR’S POV OF SCENE From his aerial vantage point as he LOCK-STEPS in to CLOS focusing on Harrigan inside the car as he peels out, raci through the barricade... uw
3) 0) text: The car laying rubber as it blasts through the police lin aimed at an oblique towards the burning truck and the dow officers. Leona swings over the car and OPENS FIRE, joined by Danny the police, a cover fire aimed at the Colombians. EXT. HARRIGAN’S CAR ~ DAY 6B Like a plains Indian attacking on his war pony, Harrigan, foot on the gas, his right arm on the wheel, hikes out of doorway, low to the ground, racing towards the burning tr EXT. BURNING TRUCK - COLOMBIANS POV - DAY 6c Of the driverless car, flying towards them. They OPEN FIR bullet hits exploding into the car. EXT. HARRIGAN’S CAR ~ DAY 6D Bullets ripping through the car, exploding glass, shreddi the dashboard and seats, Harrigan dropping even lower to ground, bullet hits ricocheting off the pavement. As the downed officers come into view, Harrigan throws the gears into PARK.
4) 0) text: The patrol car locks up, sliding past the officers, jerki to a halt, providing cover between the dying officers and Colombians. Two POLICEMEN run from the street, dragging the officers safety, Harrigan, shotgun in hand, sprinting low to the ground, heading for the Cadillac... SIX of the Colombians, race for their headquarters, firin behind them, their escape covered by Harrigan’s car. The officers on the street jockey fer new positions, firing a five of the Colombians make it through the door, the SIXT cut down in a hail of bullets from Danny and Leona, now charging down the street. Harrigan rolls over the Cadillac, dropping down behind th open driver’s door. He rises, catching the remaining four Colombians off guard. They swing their weapons to fire bu Harrigan is faster, the 10 gauge slugs ripping huge holes through the door, the four Colombians blown off their fee 7 OMITTED thru i2 13 14 Third Draft 01/16/90 . 6. PREDATOR’S POV OF HARRIGAN 13 ZOOMING-IN on him, standing in the alley, smoke pouring f the shotgun. But the Predator is attracted by a SOUND, turning upward to SEE a HELICOPTER, HEAT-SWIRLS flowing f the turbines, looking like some gigantic insect. A TRILL emerges from the Predator as suddenly he turns, HIS VISIO ZOOMING IN on the doorway where the five Colombians escap Another TRILL as he MOVES...
5) 0) text: Harrigan emerges from the alley, police rushing from ever direction, looking at the BLACK HELICOPTER circling high above. Harrigan tosses the empty shotgun into his car, drawing the long-slide .45 MAGNUM AUTOMATIC from his shou holster. Danny and Leona race into view. Leona Mike, you okay?
7) 0) text: Dark, narrow corridors, blistered green paint clinging to concrete walls, stained and threadbare carpeting. Harriga Leona, Danny and the two officers, cautiously make their up the stairs and onto the landing, weapons drawn, alert _any sound, faces dripping sweat. Harrigan, the intense, highly tuned warrior, senses the a for some clue, some movement. He turns to Danny, their ey meeting, Danny’s asking, ‘Where?’ Harrigan, aware of something the others haven’t yet sensed, turns his eyes t a door on the left. He creeps forward, placing his hand o the wall, feeling. He nods. Danny signals to the others who take up positions around door. Danny gently tries the doorknob, indicating it’s locked. Harrigan neds, leveling the huge .45. Danny, in o fluid motion, kicks opens the door, hitting the floor as Harrigan swings in over the top, eyes searching the room, weapons bearing down on: at least ten Latin WOMEN, huddling, terrified like rabbit berieath their SEWING MACHINES, piles of UNDERGARMENTS in various stages of completion proclaiming the room a sweat A momentary look of relief as Danny gains his feet. And t as if hit by a locomotive, the door behind them explodes one of the Colombians charging into the hallway, two AUTO WEAPONS, in either hand, FIRING back into the room. (CONTINUED)
9) 5) dialog: (breathless) Mike, you okay?
10) 9) dialog: (urgent) Mike. Back here. Harrigan appears in the doorway, seeing the blood, follow Danny’s gaze to the body. Danny, using a BROOMSTICK, reac upward, pivoting the body, the same gaping chest wound, t scorpion tattoo on the face clearly indicating its...
10) 11) dialog: Must be twenty feet. No ladder, no rope... The uniformed cop appears in the doorway a quick double-t to the body before addressing Harrigan. CoP Lieutenant. Deputy Chief Heinemann is downstairs. (uneasily) Wants you and your people out of the building, forthwith. Harrigan pushes past the cop.
15) 0) text: CLOSE-ON a bulletin board containing a NOVEMBER 1997 CALE WANTED POSTERS, retirement NOTICES, and two departmental POSTERS reading: BE SAFE -- WEAR YOUR ARMOUR ~=- THE ASS SAVE MAY BE YOUR OWN; and GOD CAN’T BE EVERYWHERE, THAT’S HE MADE COPS. We pick up and GO WITH Harrigan, Leona and Danny as they through a METAL and EXPLOSIVES DETECTOR, moving with them the squad room.
17) 7) dialog: The five Scorps make the building... the next minute, they’re all hammered.
17) 9) dialog: Sliced and diced. Wasn’t for drugs or money, there was a shitload for the taking. You tell me.
17) 11) dialog: (remembering) The martial arts freak?
17) 15) dialog: A hit? =
17) 17) dialog: And the only one who could tell the tale did a header off the building.
17) 20) dialog: One night stand?
17) 22) dialog: (wry) . Maybe we should put him on the payroll.
17) 24) dialog: I‘ll see what I can nose up. (beat) Oh, shit. Forgot to tell you. We got a replacement for Ferris. (more) (CONTINUED)
17) 28) dialog: He’s supposed to be one of the best black bag men in the department. Real whiz in surveillance and electronics. And that you do need (beat) Kid actually requested to come down here.
17) 30) dialog: Looks like he’s puttin’ the moves to Leona.
18) 6) dialog: Well, I sea you two have met. Lambert if you’re up to it, why don’t you limp on in and see the Lieutenant. INT. HARRIGAN’S OFFICE - DAY 40B Harrigan sits back in his chair, reflecting. A KNOCK at t door. Harrigan looks up as Jerry enters, still trying to collect himself. He looks back at Laona and Danny in the squad room.
22) 0) text: One RADIO CAR is near the front entrance, an OFFICER stan beside an open door. Down the street, other CARS are beginning to block off the street. A dark-colored CARGO VAN, dented and rusted, several ante on top, is parked nearby, the side door open, Pope’s crew frantically preparing their equipment as Pope uses a make kit to do a quick pancake job. The inside of the van is cluttered with CAMERA EQUIPMENT, CLOTHING, SLEEPING BAG a RACK containing several POLICE SCANNERS. Harrigan’s unmarked car accelerates down the street, skid to a halt. As Danny and Harrigan emerge, another CAR approaches from the other direction, carrying Jerry and L INT. JERRY AND Leona’S CAR - NIGHT As they pull to a stop, they SEE Pope, followed by his cr scuttling across the street towards Harrigan.
24) 0) text: Where Harrigan, Danny, and Leona are talking to the two PATROLMEN. Jerry approaches.
25) 2) dialog: (uneasy) Where the hell are they? As if in response, Harrigan’s flashlight moves to his rig illuminating the grizzly sight of a MAN’S FACE, a mere tw feet away, hanging upside down, stripped of skin, nearly obscured by the leaves of one of the potted trees.. A gle goid tooth... Grimacing, Harrigan moves the light, discovering another hanging from the truss rods, and a few feet further, anot BODY, in all, five bodies, in a row, as if in a meat lock He plays his light into the room, over Ramon’s bedy, stil hanging over the bed, the bucket of blood overturned on t sheets.
25) 5) dialog: King Willie. Voodoo priest of the LA posses. Ran the terror gangs for Edward Seaga in Jamaica, until he got toc powerful. The Jamaican chiefs won’t make a move without his approval. (CONTINUED)
25) 9) dialog: Mike, over here. Harrigan moves alongside Danny, who is training his pocke FLASHLIGHT on a dark FORM, sitting on the floor, against wall. Harrigan’s light plays across the scattered coffee and candles, coming to rest on Ramon’s girlfriend, eyes unresponsive to the light, catatonic. Harrigan leans down listening, the girl MUMBLING something in COLOMBIAN, bare audible. He motions to Leona who knells, listening to the girl. She looks up. Leona She‘s not making any sense. Keeps saying, ’El Diablo vena para ti...’ (translates ) ‘The devil came for them’. Harrigan gets close to her face, looking into the cataton eyes.
25) 13) dialog: Our friend from the armory?
26) 0) text: Teeming with activity, VEHICLES everywhere, CORONERS and ASSISTANTS waiting for instructions. At the unmarked car, Leona is talking to Danny and Jerry. (CONTINUED)
26) 11) dialog: If the Feds don’t have him...
26) 20) dialog: Like it was my own. Buy a round for me. Harrigan walks to the car, enters, driving away. Danny st at the penthouse and then turns to walk away. But somethi makes him feel spooked, uneasy. He stops, looking back at darkened roofline. He turns and walks away. INT. JERRY‘S PATROL CAR - DARKENED STREET - NIGHT 62A With a view of COUNTY GENERAL HOSPITAL. The paramedics va pulls to a stop at the emergency entrance. As the ATTENDA open the back of the ambulance, two ORDERLIES approach. T attendants sign an offered FOLDER. The orderlies then tak the stretcher bearing the girl into the hospital. Jerry leaves his car, moving across the street towards th hospital.
28) 0) text: The street is now quiet, the barricades removed, the last the PATROL CARS pulling away. From.a darkened doorway, a block away, Danny steps into t light, crushing a CIGARETTE, joining five others on the street. He looks at his watch, only ELEVEN-THIRTY, an hou and a half to wait. Quickly he makes his way to the penthouse door, carrying nine-volt LANTERN. The door has been sealed with a heavy strip of black and yellow plastic TAPE, stamped: FEDERAL EVIDENCE SEAL/IT IS FELONY TO ENTER THIS CRIME SCENE WITHOUT AUTHORIZATION. (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: Inside, Danny switches on the powerful LIGHT, orientating himself to the now empty room. He walks slowly forward, searching for clues, his body WIPING CAMERA... INT. RAY’S TAVERN - NIGHT 67 Harrigan circulating through the crowd, acknowledging greetings from people, but his grim, sober face saying he just passing time. He glances at his watch reading: TWELV CLOCK. Harrigan moves on, finding Leona at a booth, salut her with his drink. She smiles back, pointing her finger him accusingly.
30) 0) text: Danny is kneeling on the floor, examining bloodstains, fi smeared FOOTPRINTS left by sport shoes. He moves his ligh passing over and then back to a strange SMEAR in another of blecd. He moves closer, studying the outline of a biza PRINT, a BARE FOOT, bigger than both his hands, and on on end, the distinctive impression of TOES. Further on, into wood he finds a partial track of the blood print and deep GOUGES into the wood -- like claw marks. He stands, playing his light up the wall, following the m as they move upward, left to right, as if something ran u side. He reaches the raftered ceiling, a lock of total fascination and bewilderment as he plays the light across thick support beam, tiny traces of torn wood visible on t top. The. light comes to rest at a spot twenty feet down the b the. same GLITTERING object as seen before. Danny grins, placing the light on the floor, aiming the beam into the rafters. Finding a wall partially destroyed by gunfire, h tears away the sheetrock, exposing some of the studs and blocks. Using them as handholds, he climbs to the top, Lifting hi onto the wall, and from there, using the rafters for supp onto the beam. Cautiously he makes his way to the location of the object Lowering himself carefully onto one knee, he reaches down and using his switchblade, digs something from the wood. (CONTINUED)
30) 3) dialog: (terrified) Mother of God... From the blackness, Danny HEARS the Predator’s chilling M
33) 0) text: Capped by a peaked, ornate copper roof, a towering LIGHTE ROD extending into the night sky. Suddenly the Predator r into view. He extends his spear, SCREAMING his cry of victory. The electrically charged atmosphere CRACKLES wit energy, drawn to the spear, enveloping the Predator in th eerie GLOW of ST. ELMO’S FIRE. As a tremendous THUNDERBOL strikes the lightning red, we begin a slow PULL BACK to r the top of the building, the Predator, proud and dominate surveying his hunting ground below. He holds up the HEAD VERTEBRAE of Danny as we pull back farther and farther un the entire skyline fills the frame, the Predator, now mer a tiny GLOW of ENERGY atop the building. 74 OMITTED thru 75
40) 0) text: As Harrigan moves down the steps, Leona explodes, running after him. She stops him, spinning him around. Leona (pissed) God damnit it, Mike! You don’t have the right to do this! This isn’t your personal little war. (beat) I loved Danny too. Jerry appears from the side.
48) 0) text: Harrigan is in the booth, punching in a number. He still seems shaken from his encounter at the CEMETERY. He stare into his open hand, holding Danny’s St. Christopher’s med