45) 0) text: CLOSE ON a set of white doors which peneumatically HISS o revealing an intense KEYES, red lights reflecting on his IN CLOSE we move with Keyes as he walks down a narrow corridor, crammed with CONSOLES, SCREENS, COMPUTER TERMIN all bathed in red light, looking much like the command ce of a nuclear submarine. White clad TECHNICIANS tend to th machines in rapt efficiency, studying microwave, video, r infra-red, waterfall, and oscilloscope images. On one of monitors, we SEE a MAN, installing a VIDEO-CAM on a wall somewhere, the TECHNICIAN running a test with the install Keyes arrives at a terminal command module, where Garber compiling data.
45) 2) dialog: Ambient temperature holding steady at 23 degrees centigrade. Good news, up to 87 percent saturation on the Cesium 90, and rising. Further down the console, an ASSISTANT, observing a bank MONITORS, turns to Garber.
72) 2) dialog: He’s in. Time to move.
76) 0) text: Garber and Harrigan intently watching a SCANNER, indicati the positions of the OWLF TEAM and the PREDATOR.
76) 2) dialog: (intense; on the edge) Playing right into it.
81) 2) dialog: (quietly; tense) It's working.
84) 0) text: Garber, Harrigan, and the technician intently studying th monitor, showing the OWLF team and the Predator’s positio
84) 2) dialog: (concerned) Bring up the schematic. On the screen, a THREE-DIMENSIONAL BLUEPRINT of the build appears, showing floors, staircases and other structures. OWLF team is on the second floor, still moving towards th staircase. The Predator’s position, however, now shows he is moving out from and around the third floor landing, circling into a position behind the team.
84) 13) dialog: Stop him! Two men rush to stop Harrigan, both of them taken out wit veal display of street fighting skill from Harrigan: punc head-butts, kicks, cross-body blocks and elbow blows. In seconds the two men are unconscious. Harrigan heads for t air-lock. PREDATOR’S POV FROM THIRD FLOOR 191 Looking down on the fleor below as he slips behind struts support beams, SEEING the violet beams from the team, swe the room.
85) 4) dialog: (filtered; rapid) He’s moving down on your position, from the right...
87) 1) dialog: (panic) He’s right there... (CONTINUED)
87) 5) dialog: My, God... Suddenly there is a violent shock as the video-cam is hit falling to the floor, the screen going to STATIC as the c spins across the floor.
91) 1) dialog: (stunned) They’re gone. They’re all dead.