16) 7) dialog: (puppet voice) So, what you’re telling Jerry is that if the right guy came along, you might go out with someone else.
16) 9) dialog: Lieutenant Harrigan... Harrigan brushes him aside.
17) 0) text: Harrigan emerges from Pilgrim’s office. Jerry again getti to his feet. He’s more aggressive this time.
17) 1) dialog: Lieutenant, I’m the new...
17) 3) dialog: (backing off) f Okay... Harrigan moves on, over to where Leona is filing a report a stand-up, five terminal COMPUTER STATION. Harrigan pull her ‘aside.
18) 0) text: Leona, arms folded, is intently listening as Jerry regale her with a war story.
18) 1) dialog: ++. SO, I said, lady, you’re under arrest. And she said, ‘why?’ And I said, because, you’re husband is dead, you killed him. And she said, ‘I’ve stabbed that son-of~a~bitch plenty of times before, and he never died on me...’
18) 7) dialog: Is it her time of the month, or what? Harrigan walks around to Jerry, placing a finger on his shoulder, pushing him down into a chair. Harrigan sits on the desk.
18) 13) dialog: Lieutenant, I know what I’m gettin’ into. I had to bust my ass to get here.
22) 0) text: One RADIO CAR is near the front entrance, an OFFICER stan beside an open door. Down the street, other CARS are beginning to block off the street. A dark-colored CARGO VAN, dented and rusted, several ante on top, is parked nearby, the side door open, Pope’s crew frantically preparing their equipment as Pope uses a make kit to do a quick pancake job. The inside of the van is cluttered with CAMERA EQUIPMENT, CLOTHING, SLEEPING BAG a RACK containing several POLICE SCANNERS. Harrigan’s unmarked car accelerates down the street, skid to a halt. As Danny and Harrigan emerge, another CAR approaches from the other direction, carrying Jerry and L INT. JERRY AND Leona’S CAR - NIGHT As they pull to a stop, they SEE Pope, followed by his cr scuttling across the street towards Harrigan.
23) 0) text: As Pope hustles across the street, Jerry slides in front him, halting his progress. He begins a rapid-fire rap as backs Pope towards his van, his crew standing by, dumbfou
23) 1) dialog: Tony, my man!
23) 3) dialog: {rapid fire) Your biggest fan, Tony. Catch you all the time. ‘Dumpster Diving Mom Gives Birth To Rat Baby;:’ ‘Lap Dog Explodes In Microwave; ‘Adulterous Siamese Twins Marriage On the Rocks, Split Imminent.’ Love your shit, Tony, love it.
23) 5) dialog: Listen, Tony, let me give it to you straight. Me, I appreciate aggressive, avant-garde journalism, but those guys over there, they’re not too hip, you know.
23) 10) dialog: Den’t interrupt me, Tony... {laughs; crazy) Why hell, they’d just as soon shoot your ass. If I were you, Tony, I’d go root for some garbage somewhere else. Know what I mean? I know you Oo. (gestures) Tony, don’t disappoint me. He turns and walks before Pope can respond.
24) 0) text: Where Harrigan, Danny, and Leona are talking to the two PATROLMEN. Jerry approaches.
24) 6) dialog: You might need this. (to the officer) T’1l guard it with my life. 53 Third Draft 01/16/90 32.
25) 4) dialog: Who?
25) 11) dialog: If the Colombians did all this, why’d they leave him behind, and the only witness? Harrigan turns, moving the light through the debris, acro the battle scared walls. He locks at Danny.
26) 0) text: Teeming with activity, VEHICLES everywhere, CORONERS and ASSISTANTS waiting for instructions. At the unmarked car, Leona is talking to Danny and Jerry. (CONTINUED)
26) 4) dialog: Don’t worry, Lieutenant, surveillance is my speciality. Jerry enters the patrol car, following after the ambulanc attendants.
27) 0) text: Where Jerry, binoculars in his hand, watches as the chopp lifts off into the night.
30) 5) dialog: (shouting over crowd) She never made it. Feds were waiting, hustled her off ina chopper.
30) 7) dialog: The very one. Your pal Keyes was running the show. (CONTINUED)
30) 11) dialog: Now, Lieutenant, if you’1ll excuse me, I’ve got some real police work to do.
30) 13) dialog: Luck is my specialty. Harrigan throws down his drink and moves away from the ba slipping into the crowd, WIPING FRAME...
40) 0) text: As Harrigan moves down the steps, Leona explodes, running after him. She stops him, spinning him around. Leona (pissed) God damnit it, Mike! You don’t have the right to do this! This isn’t your personal little war. (beat) I loved Danny too. Jerry appears from the side.
40) 1) dialog: You told me, Lieutenant, the only way you survive down here is because you/re a team. The door swings both ways, remember, Leona You need us, Mike. Harrigan stares at them, feeling their strength, their commitment. Slowly he begins to relent.
40) 6) dialog: Been on ‘em for three days, I been a cabbie, a carpenter, a lineman, a postman. They hit buildings all over the city, sometimes a dozen a day. In for a few minutes, out again. Sometimes they’re carrying little black boxes. I had scanners on ‘em but all their phones are scrambled -~ equipment I couldn’t begin to touch. (beat) Then this morning, I lost ‘em.
40) 8) dialog: Like they disappeared. Vernon and Industry. Gone.
40) 10) dialog: Yeah, and in this heat, woof.
40) 15) dialog: Edwards, the chief ghouless. That place gives me the creeps. Harrigan opens the door to his CAR.
41) 5) dialog: Don’t worry.
41) 11) dialog: Like the metallic traces left by a bullet?
41) 20) dialog: What the hell are you saying? Edwards looks at him.
42) 0) text: Harrigan and Jerry emerge from the morgue, standing in th light of a street lamp. Harrigan opens his hand, examing again the dart.
42) 1) dialog: Lieutenant, what the hell is that thing? Really?
42) 5) dialog: Military? Harrigan looks up.
48) 6) dialog: Case you haven’t heard, they found Willie’s body this morning, an alley way on South Adams.
50) 2) dialog: Still no trace. And a no show at Willie‘s crime scene. Leona Your FBI contact verifies he’s head of a task force investigating gang related drug activity. Transferred eut of the D.C. office, eight months ago. (beat) But the military records turned up something hinky. Seems there is a Peter J. Keyes, PHD in Physical Sciences, Cornell; worked with Strategic Defense Institute; two years later, commissioned as a captain in Air Force Intelligence. After that his records are classified. 11ac
50) 4) dialog: You were right, looks like somebody’s on the loose with a bag of their tricks.
51) 9) dialog: DES. Steroids?
52) 2) dialog: The fucking metro? What’s wrong with the car? (CONTINUED)
53) 0) text: Jerry and Leona descend the stairs from an emergency exit they look for tails and then move quickly down the street Leona looks tired, bedraggled. Jerry looks behind them an then turns to Leona, looking at her.
53) 1) dialog: Uh, hope you don’t mind me saying this, but you don’t look so good I mean, like your pilot light’s out. She looks back, at his black eye and puffy face. Leona Feel about as good as you look, Rocky. Brilliant strategy, leading with your face.
53) 2) dialog: Whoa, don’t be so touchy. I just meant you look like you could use some rest. Where we’re going is not exactly a rose garden. Smell out there would gag a rat. I don’t think you’re up to it. (beat) Look, we’re probably going to turn up nothin’ anyway, so why don’t you go on home, climb in the tub, have a cold one. If we find anything, we/ll call you. Leona looks at him, smiles. For all his womanizing postur he’s suddenly caring, attentive. (CONTINUED)
53) 5) dialog: Okay. But don’t say I didn’t tell you. Leona You told me. Come on. They move on, Jerry checking carefully to see if they are being followed.
54) 0) text: Jerry and Leona move wearily down the stairs leading to t station, flowing into the press of COMMUTERS.
55) 0) text: Jerry and Leona BELOW US, making their way through the se of bodies, hurrying to make their train. PREDATOR’S POV OF THE STAIRS 137 from the same perspective, the glowing heat-forms of bodi filling his vision. His vision moves in, LOCKING ON two forms, moving ahead of him, on the next level of stairs.
56) 0) text: A crowd of COMMUTERS waiting for the next car, Jerry and among them. Jerry is telling another of his war stories.
56) 1) dialog: +.» and then there was the guy who robbed the S and L on Fairfax, wearing nothing but a grocery bag on his head, a G-string, and combat boots. Got away with twenty grand. An hour later, when we collared Leroy at his girlfriend’s, we asked him why the disguise. He said, he didn’t want to wear anything recognizable. A brilliant concept, except that Leroy, a three-time loser, has a twelve inch tattoo of a razor back heg on his ass. Leona (laughs) No. The train pulls in, they move forward with the crowd.
56) 2) dialog: True, true. Leona God, that’s funny. (beat) You really do like being a cop, don’t you? They enter the car.
56) 3) dialog: Couldn’t live without it. PREDATOR’S POV OF THE CAR 140 Watching the heat-forms press into the cold metallic boxe the doors closing. He moves closer, past several PEOPLE, observing as the car pulls out, gaining speed. The end of car flies past into the blackness, the rails GLOWING from immense friction, the third rail white hot, a shower of BRILLIANT SPARKS flying off like a meteor shower as the t disappears down the tunnel. i41 142 143 Third Draft 01/16/90 68. INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT 14. Tired, exhausted FACES, dripping with sweat in the oppres heat. Jerry is seated next to Leona, who seems lost in thought. Jerry looks up to SEE, moving through the connecting door from the next car, a WOLF PACK of five STREET TOUGHS, pro slowly through the cars, examining the passengers like a school of sharks, searching for prey. As they pass, Jerry spots the handle of a SCREWDRIVER, ne into a slot cut into the leader’s pant leg. He nudges Leo who looks up, watching as the toughs cruise through the c and into the next. Leona The shit never ends. Jerry and Leona carefully move through the car, following wolf pack as they disappear into the next car on the trai
59) 10) dialog: Hold it! Police! Everyone put the guns on the floor. Leona (0.S.) And you, motherfucker, drop the shiv! I said drop it! Everyone turns, seeing Leona and Jerry in combat stances, BADGES out, heavy REVOLVERS pointed. Leona Everyone drop the weapons, now. I will use it. The shiv CLATTERS to the floor, as the commuters lower th guns..
59) 11) dialog: You are all under arrest. Were holding you until the next station for the Metro Authority. (starting Miranda) You have the right to remain silent, anything you do say... From behind them, a HIGH-PITCHED SHRIEK of metal fills th as one entire corner of the car is ripped away, the light SHORTING OUT in an EXPLOSION of SPARKS. Jerry and Leona whip around, SEEING in the flashing, stroboscopic effect of the passing tunnel lights, a HUGE FORM, drop to the floor from the roof. From the commuters, a deafening BARRAGE of GUNFIRE erupts But instantly, three of the commuters are ripped off thei feet by LASER BLASTS from the Predator. The remaining GUNS CLATTER to the floor. In the next flash of light, the form is gone, a moment la they: SEE another flash of the terrifying form, moving, disappearing, moving... Jerry and Leona back up, flashes light in the blackened car revealing their terrified face weapons raised. Leona (screaming) Jerry!itt MUZZLE FLASHES from their weapons fill the frame. (CONTINUED)
59) 14) dialog: Get back! As Jerry and Leona continue to back up, one of the other SNAPS OPEN an evil-looking SWITCHBLADE. But before he can move, his chest is impaled by something which drives him the wall. His body slams into Leona, knocking her to the floor. She watches as Jerry leaps onto the seats, FIRING RAPIDLY hurdling the seat backs, continuing to FIRE as he goes, working his way to the center of the car, attempting to distract the unseen killer, luring him away from the passengers. He jumps into the aisle, jamming a SPEED LOADER into his revolver, FIRING again.
59) 15) dialog: (crazed) Don’t be shy, motherfucker, let's dance!!! He SEES a slight movement and FIRES into the darkness, a of the ricocheting bullet briefly outlining a huge, mottl image -~ another movement, he FIRES again emptying his we more FLASHING HITS off the Predator’s helmet and armour. He racks in another speed loader, the gun reloaded in a second.
59) 16) dialog: (shouting) Leona, get out, get out!!! Leona, now on her feet, momentarily blinded by the blood terrified out of her wits, begins backing up, SCREAMING t the passengers, huddled at the end of the car. Leona Get out! Get in the next car! Move it! The rippling shadow continues to move towards Jerry, who continues to FIRE, left to right, until his back hits the door, leading to the next car. While still FIRING, he rea behind, fumbling for the release handle, pulling, yanking the door is jammed. Trapped. (CONTINUED)
61) 0) text: The passengers leap from the train onto the narrow outsid access walkway inside the tunnel. A tiny spot of light is visible a hundred yards away, the next station. The passengers begin running towards the light. The last to leave, Leona backs through the door, turning run with the passengers. She stops, heaving for breath, leoking back at the train. Leona (sobbing) Jerry... She hesitates a moment and then charges back through her towards the train. Her weapon held in both hands, combat stance, she pivots around the opening of the car door, SE inside, in a flash of the SPARKING ELECTRICAL WIRES, a br IMAGE of Jerry, his body, hanging from one of the check straps. Leona Oh, God, no... In total panic she turns and runs... headlong into the camouflaged Predator, leaping at her. The Predator grabs by the throat, lifting her high into the air, Leona screa PREDATOR’S POV OF Leona 147A As his heat-register scans her body we see the various ar of heat: face, heart, and lower, over her abdomen, where SEE the blue GLOW of another Life, deep within her. A vielent movement by the Predator WIPES the frame...