101) 0) text: A tiny, cloistered space, filled with old and tattered furniture, a life-time of memorabilia decorating the wall the home of RUTH and HERB. Who at the moment are sitting in their stuffed easy chair Herb with his head back, SNORING soundly, Ruth deeply int episode of JEOPARDY on television. As the tension on the screen heightens, the audience SCREAMING, Ruth is distracted by a NOISE from the bathroo Puzzled, she turn te Herb, poking him in the shoulder.
101) 1) dialog: Herb. Herb. Wake up. There’s somebody in the bathroom. Herb. continues his walrus<like snoring, the Jeopardy aud YELLING their heads off in the background.
103) 0) text: Ruth is now standing beside her chair. She HEARS more CRASHING from the bathroom. She pokes Herb again.
103) 1) dialog: Herb! Herb! Wake up. There’s somebody in the bathroom! Herb SNORTS in his sleep, moving deeper into his chair. L to investigate this mystery on her own, Ruth begins the l slow trek to the bathroom.
105) 0) text: Ruth still shuffling slowly towards the bathroom door, Jeopardy blasting away in the background, mingled with He snoring.
107) 0) text: Ruth has reached the bathroom and is extending her arm to the knob... as suddenly, the entire door and casement are from the wall on the hinge side, the door pivoting on the latch towards Ruth, who disappears behind the door. The Predator passes frame, exiting. As the door falls, revealing a terrified Ruth, she sees t front door explode, as something huge and dark tears righ through it. In his chair, Herb awakens with a start.
108) 0) text: Harrigan flying down the stairs, carrying the smart weapo his hand. He reaches the floor to Ruth and Herb’s apartme where several RESIDENTS peer from their doors, ducking ba in as they see Harrigan, wet, bloody, clothes in shards, strange, Frisbee-like weapon in his hand. Harrigan passes Ruth and Herb’s apartment, a jagged HOLE the door used to be. He stops, looking inside, making eye contact with a still shaken Ruth.
108) 2) dialog: I don’t think he gives a shit. A MUFFLED EXPLOSION, welling up through the elevator shaf at the end of the hall, causes Harrigan to spin, his hand grasping the smart weapon. Harrigan moves down the hall to the elevator, finding one buckled and bent outward. He looks in, SEEING the car abo below him the exposed shaft leading to the pit. He SEES a faint GLOW of the Predator’s blood on the counter-weight cables, attached to the wall. Further down the shaft he S another smear of blood. (CONTINUED)