2) 0) text: Where a SERGEANT and several OFFICERS kneel behind the pa cars, further protected by portable BALLISTIC SHIELDS. Th turn as the patrol car SCREECHES to a stop. Emerging from the car is DETECTIVE-LIEUTENANYT MIKE HARRI mid-thirties, sweat-soaked white shirt, necktie askew, a long~framed SHOULDER HOLSTER slung under his arm. Harriga is the ‘whip’ of Metro Command, ~- the field commander. Harrigan makes his way across the street towards the barricade, followed by LEONA CANTRELL, strong, handsome, stride of an athlete, the purposeful countenance of one b and raised on the streets. She wears on her hip a SMITH a WESSON REVOLVER with a custom grip. At her side is DANIEL (‘DANNY’) CUTTER, 37, a tall, raw~b man, Harrigan’s childhood buddy and police partner for fi years. Harrigan approaches the SERGEANT, crouching beside him. B the way his eyes scan the street, we realize this man’s lifestyle has been forged in the no-quarter~-given arena streets. This is one smart, tough, COP.
2) 2) dialog: Bad scene, Lieutenant. Two motors pulled over a truck, stumbled right into a narc stakeout. Ten Colombians, El Scorpios, armed to fuck all. (more) (CONTINUED)
2) 6) dialog: Still tied up in that shootout in San Pedro. Bastards shot down one of our choppers. Real mess. We/’re suckin’ hind tit ‘til they get here. But Mills and Johnson won’t last much longer. We need an assault vehicle to get to ‘em. Harrigan studies the fire zone for a moment, the dying officers, then signals to Danny and Leona to approach.
5) 2) dialog: (panting) Lieutenant, just got an order from Chief Heinemann... ‘Secure perimeter, surround building and wait.’
5) 4) dialog: Some bulishit special team. Feds, DEA, who knows... (beat) Christ I’m out of shape... this heat’s killing me.
6) 2) dialog: (puzzled) No.
6) 6) dialog: (protesting) Lieutenant, I can’t send anyone in there. Heinemann’s on his way now...
6) 8) dialog: God damn-it, go with him! The two officers charge after the three detectives.
11) 0) text: Harrigan and the two detectives emerge from the building. Across the street, DEPUTY CHIEF HEINEMANN, in dress blues stands arms crossed, flanked by his DRIVER/BODYGUARD, the sergeant and several other OFFICERS. Harrigan starts to cross the street, then notices the tac cart, body still in place. He walks to the display, lifti the dead man’s head by the hair, studying the salsa~encru face, the TATTOO of two intertwining SCORPIONS on his shoulder. He turns to Leona.