4) 0) text: The patrol car locks up, sliding past the officers, jerki to a halt, providing cover between the dying officers and Colombians. Two POLICEMEN run from the street, dragging the officers safety, Harrigan, shotgun in hand, sprinting low to the ground, heading for the Cadillac... SIX of the Colombians, race for their headquarters, firin behind them, their escape covered by Harrigan’s car. The officers on the street jockey fer new positions, firing a five of the Colombians make it through the door, the SIXT cut down in a hail of bullets from Danny and Leona, now charging down the street. Harrigan rolls over the Cadillac, dropping down behind th open driver’s door. He rises, catching the remaining four Colombians off guard. They swing their weapons to fire bu Harrigan is faster, the 10 gauge slugs ripping huge holes through the door, the four Colombians blown off their fee 7 OMITTED thru i2 13 14 Third Draft 01/16/90 . 6. PREDATOR’S POV OF HARRIGAN 13 ZOOMING-IN on him, standing in the alley, smoke pouring f the shotgun. But the Predator is attracted by a SOUND, turning upward to SEE a HELICOPTER, HEAT-SWIRLS flowing f the turbines, looking like some gigantic insect. A TRILL emerges from the Predator as suddenly he turns, HIS VISIO ZOOMING IN on the doorway where the five Colombians escap Another TRILL as he MOVES...
8) 0) text: The madman rushes into view, running like a crazed animal PREDATOR’S POV OF MADMAN 19 seen from the top of the elevator housing, looking down o Colombian, wildly looking from side to side, searching fo the unseen. The Predator begins to move towards the edge.
10) 0) text: Leona is moving slowly around the room, her face shocked, stunned at what she sees: the room is literally bathed in blood, the brick walls pock-marked and scared from hundre of machine-gun rounds. Three BODIES, in various positions around the room are br noted. A uniformed COP is standing guard beside the door, trying hard to ignore the scene. Leona, weapon at her sid is staring at a BODY on the floor. Harrigan moves alongsi her, unprepared for what he finds: one of the Colombians, blood-stained face barely recognizable, on his back, his cavity erupted outward in a horrible rent, the edges fuse and cauterized by the Predator’s laser. In the b.g., Dann is searching the other end of the room for clues. Leona Looks up. Leona (aside) So what happened to Juan Valdez? (CONTINUED)
31) 0) text: Twenty stories high, overlooking a section of LA. In the distance, THUNDER begins to roll, heralding a gathering electrical storm, sweeping in over the city. As we PAN RIGHT onto the ledge, the Predator, visible, sp into frame and runs along the ledge, leaping..7
32) 0) text: At the edge of the cornice on the building on the right, stone GARGOYLE stands silent watch over the city. From ab the Predator, in camouflage, impacts the gargoyle, pushin off, moving up the face of the building.
33) 0) text: Capped by a peaked, ornate copper roof, a towering LIGHTE ROD extending into the night sky. Suddenly the Predator r into view. He extends his spear, SCREAMING his cry of victory. The electrically charged atmosphere CRACKLES wit energy, drawn to the spear, enveloping the Predator in th eerie GLOW of ST. ELMO’S FIRE. As a tremendous THUNDERBOL strikes the lightning red, we begin a slow PULL BACK to r the top of the building, the Predator, proud and dominate surveying his hunting ground below. He holds up the HEAD VERTEBRAE of Danny as we pull back farther and farther un the entire skyline fills the frame, the Predator, now mer a tiny GLOW of ENERGY atop the building. 74 OMITTED thru 75
46) 0) text: Serene and quiet, empty but for two CARS, parked on the interior roadway, a battered ‘85 MUSTANG CONVERTIBLE, and yards ahead, a late model STATION WAGON. Nearby, a MAN an WOMAN are placing FLOWERS around a GRAVESTONE. In the station wagon, a YOUNG BOY, 6, is behind the wheel playing cops and robbers. He pretends to screech to a hal firing out the window an ELECTRONIC SPACE ASSAULT RIFLE, completa with sparks and SOUND EFFECTS. The kids leaps fr the car, using it for cover from his make-believe attacke Suddenly he breaks into the open, dashing for a tree on a grassy knoll. He dispatches several attackers before Sprinting to another tree, situated near the mustang. The kid fires several bursts and then stops, listening... He upward, ripping a BURST of laser fire into the tree. Slowly his eyes travel up, wide with growing wonder as he reaches the top, staring awestruck, directly into the camouflaged presence of the Predator, staring back at him The Predator’s head moves slightly to one side, examining PREDATOR’S POV OF THE BOY LL7A WHIP-CRACKING onto the tiny human, staring upward at him.
58) 0) text: A ROARING stroboscopic missile, rattling through the tunn illuminated by tunnel lights flashing by and the yellow g from within. Suddenly the blackness warps as the PREDATOR’S FORM races TOWARD US, gripping, tearing into the upper curve of the just above the windows, like some giant insect racing tow its prey. 144 Third Draft 01/16/90 69.
61) 0) text: The passengers leap from the train onto the narrow outsid access walkway inside the tunnel. A tiny spot of light is visible a hundred yards away, the next station. The passengers begin running towards the light. The last to leave, Leona backs through the door, turning run with the passengers. She stops, heaving for breath, leoking back at the train. Leona (sobbing) Jerry... She hesitates a moment and then charges back through her towards the train. Her weapon held in both hands, combat stance, she pivots around the opening of the car door, SE inside, in a flash of the SPARKING ELECTRICAL WIRES, a br IMAGE of Jerry, his body, hanging from one of the check straps. Leona Oh, God, no... In total panic she turns and runs... headlong into the camouflaged Predator, leaping at her. The Predator grabs by the throat, lifting her high into the air, Leona screa PREDATOR’S POV OF Leona 147A As his heat-register scans her body we see the various ar of heat: face, heart, and lower, over her abdomen, where SEE the blue GLOW of another Life, deep within her. A vielent movement by the Predator WIPES the frame...
64) 0) text: Where several CARS are jammed in the street because of th turmoil at the subway. The Predator leaps.. PREDATOR’S POV 149B springing onto the tops of the parked cars, crushing thei roofs. INT. PARKED CARS - NIGHT 149¢ Reactions from the DRIVERS as the roofs are crushed inwar PREDATOR’S POV 149D Leaping, rushing, airborne through a tree, onto a buildin up the face...
67) 0) text: Harrigan driving like a demon, whipping his way through traffic, slides into a deserted intersection. He jumps fr the car, looking frantically at the roofline. Nothing. An then, a block away, something rippling through the darkne between the buildings. Harrigan ROARS off down the street on a parallel course w the Predator.
70) 0) text: Where on a gravel-topped roof, the Predator’s camouflaged drops into view, the rippling shape moving across the building. PREDATOR’S POV - ROOF TOP 163 as he reaches the edge, leaping down to an adjoining buil moving on. 169 170 1721 172 173 174 Third Draft 01/16/90 84.
71) 0) text: The Predator lands on the roof, moving towards a large VENTILATOR DUCT. The Predator COMES OUT OF CAMOUFLAGE. PREDATOR‘S POV 170 drawing closer and then entering the duct.
76) 0) text: Garber and Harrigan intently watching a SCANNER, indicati the positions of the OWLF TEAM and the PREDATOR.
78) 0) text: The vague form of the Predator, moving through the darkne Suddenly his senses are alerted and he stops, turning his slightly, concentrating.
79) 0) text: IN CLOSE UP of a crepe~soled shoe, the SOUND AMPLIFIED a thousand times by the Predator’s selective hearing. Throu a sea of WHITE NOISE, we HEAR the distinctive SCRUNCH of crepe-sole, moving on the steel. 182 183 184 i185 186 187 188 Third Draft 01/16/90 86.
80) 0) text: The Predator’s form still listening. Curiously he moves forward, perching on the railing of a staircase, peering the darkness below. From this vantage point WE CAN SEE th dark forms of the OWLF team, moving across the floor towa the second level staircase. PREDATOR’S POV - SAME ANGLE ~ SAME VIEW 183 he can see NOTHING, the OWLF team heat register completel blocked by their suits.
81) 0) text: The IMAGES on the screen clearly showing the Predator wit close range of the OWLF team.
83) 0) text: From the landing the Predator moves slowly, examining the floor below. He stops, listening. PREDATOR’S POV 188 still seeing nothing but HEARING below him, clear SOUNDS movement. (CONTINUED)
84) 0) text: Garber, Harrigan, and the technician intently studying th monitor, showing the OWLF team and the Predator’s positio
88) 0) text: In the midst of the circle, the four remaining team membe including Keyes and the NITROGEN-GUN OPERATOR, are firing blindly, swinging, trying to track the Predator’s movemen BLASTS from the nitrogen-gun firing into the air. Two men with pistols are taken out, almost at once by the samurai-like thrusts, slashes and lunges the Predator mak with the double-ended spear. The nitrogen-gunner turns, taking a KILLING DART which cu through his goggles and into his head, driving him backwa and to the floor. Keyes, the last alive, terrified, his BREATHING ragged an gasping, presses on with the attack, a man possessed. Suddenly the Predator drops in front of him, moving forwa
92) 0) text: The Predator rears into view, his camouflage-effect SHORT oUT heavily in the rain, pulses of blue energy CRACKLING his body. He taps in a command on his ARM CONTROL, the ef ceasing, his body now in full view. The Predator turns, ready to face his newest challenger, one he’s been waiting for.. PREDATOR’S POV OF THE ROOM 203 We now SEE that the Predator is faced with a new problem, coolness of the water has impaired his vision, his field clouded with WHITE STATIC from the falling rain. Despite handicap, he moves on. 204 205 206 Third Draft 01/16/90 : 92.
94) 0) text: In position behind a band saw, moving the M-203 from side side, trying to get a lock on the Predator’s position. Harrigan steps out, FIRING the GRENADE LAUNCHER. PREDATOR’S POSITION 208 The grenade EXPLODES against the wall behind him, knockin ever the BOXES he is climbing, flaming SHRAPNEL taking ou SHOULDER CANON, other fragments splattering into his back The Predator’s SCREAMS, raising his arm, where a smaller version of the LASER CANON POPS UP, FIRING...
95) 0) text: Harrigan slamming head-on into a BEEF CARCASS, hanging fr overhead meat hooks. The blow knocks him to the floor, wh he SEES a long corridor, filled with BEEF CARCASSES. He shakes off the blow, scrambling on hands and knees throug carcasses, the rain coursing down them, the floor awash i bloody water. With a SAVAGE TRILL, the Predator tears aside the vinyl strips, ripping them from their supports. He pauses a mom and then, with powerful lunges, assaults the carcasses, swinging them violently to the side as he charges down th corridor, searching for his victim. PREDATOR’S POV 213 hands lunging out, swinging the carcasses.
95) 2) text: 214 215 Third Draft 01/16/90 95. CONTINUED: a4 Cautiously he prods the inert creature in the chest <- no response. He stands, looking down at the Predator’s helmet. He has see what is beneath it, see this killer... He kneels, balancing the shotgun across his knee, studyin massive helmet, locking for a way to remove it. He grabs HOSES, twisting them, a rush of GAS spewing forth. He gra the helmet under the chin, feeling a slight resistance. Gritting his teeth he pulls harder, the SOUND of somethin pulling away from a WET SURFACE. He clears the helmet from the Predator’s face, repelled backwards as the full impact of the alien’s mottled, rept skin and the horrible maw of pincers and teeth, hits home Yet he can’t take his eyes off the incredible visage.
98) 0) text: Glowing CITYSCAPE in the b.g. Harrigan pulls himself out the ventilation duct, gasping for air as he looks around Harrigan, pistol out, moves across the darkened roof, following more blood trail. Clearing an ELEVATOR HOUSING, Harrigan SEES the Predator, twenty feet away, kneeling on ground and holding something to his face. Harrigan levels the pistol, squinting at the dark form be him. Before he can fire, the Predator suddenly turns, hol an EMERGENCY BREATHING UNIT to his face, part of his body equipment. Harrigan FIRES, the bullet glancing off the Predator’s am and into the side of his head, the SLIDE te the weapon ki open -~ the last shot.
99) 0) text: Reaching the top he recovers, SEEING the Predator, once a on the move, preparing for another leap to the next build Harrigan, holding the massive spear like a broadaxe in bo hands, charges.
99) 9) dialog: falls, his right hand making a powerful swipe, the KILLIN KNIVES embedding into the wall, leaving a SHRIEKING, doub rent down the wall, SPARKS flying, slowing the Predator, feet and toenails desperately digging for purchase. The knives pull free from the wall, the Predator falling hitting a DRAIN PIPE, which rips away from the wall, fall across to the next building, the Predator crashing throug a window,
100) 0) text: Harrigan struggles to remove the Predator’s severed hand, claws imbedded deeply into his flesh. In a CRY of pain, h rips free the hand, which twitches and dances along the l He struggles to the top of the roof, looking down, seeing destroyed drain pipe but no sign of the Predator.
102) 0) text: Tiny, decorated with CRINOLINE CURTAINS, CERAMIC FIGURINE and LOVE MESSAGES on the walls, GERIATRIC STOCKINGS hung the shower rod. The Predator’s image REARS UP in the mirror. He leans forward, studying himself and then... SMASH, he destroys the mirror, the SHARDS of glass fallin into the sink. 228 229 230 231 Third Draft 01/16/90 Lol.
104) 0) text: The Predator tears up another section of CERAMIC TILE, du it into the sink along with the glass, other tiles and a CREAM JAR. Opening his thigh FIELD-KIT, he removes a small metal STR eight inches long, a black knob at one end. He triggers t strip, which unfolds like a fan on a center point, formin shallow DISH, the knob in the center containing three tin PRONGS. He places the dish on the toilet tank, touching its base, BLUE FLAME leaping between the three prongs. He scoops up handfuls of the debris from the sink, dropping them into mortar, which are instantly vaporized, forming a MOLTEN SLUDGE. Into this the Predator breaks open a VILE, a blue LIQUID flowing into the mass, causing it to solidify and change color.
106) 0) text: Using a flat~-bladed TOOL, the Predator scoops up the blu from the mortar, slapping it onto the exposed stump of hi arm, instantly CAUTERIZING it, a skin~like texture formin over the wound. The Predator SCREAMS in pain. Recovering, he applies more of the healing mixture into h shoulder and chest wounds. Removing a POWER-SYRINGE from kit, he touches a switch, a long, gleaming NEEDLE appeari Filling the syringe with a black liquid, he plunges the n deep into his chest, pressing the plunger. (CONTINUED)
107) 0) text: Ruth has reached the bathroom and is extending her arm to the knob... as suddenly, the entire door and casement are from the wall on the hinge side, the door pivoting on the latch towards Ruth, who disappears behind the door. The Predator passes frame, exiting. As the door falls, revealing a terrified Ruth, she sees t front door explode, as something huge and dark tears righ through it. In his chair, Herb awakens with a start.
110) 0) text: Harrigan tumbles into the narrow tunnel, just as the elev car crushes to a halt on the other side, obscuring the ho Harrigan fumbles for a book of MATCHES, striking one. In glow of the light he sees a hole, blasted through the concrete, twisted rebar and rubble scattered across the f He turns, finding he is in a long, narrow tunnel, the wal and ceiling packed with telephone CABLE and RELAY BOXES. low-level GLOW-LIGHT TUBE runs the length of the shaft, a light, illuminating the scene. Traces of the Predator’s b are still glowing on the floor. Harrigan crawls along the tunnel, a few yards later, finding another hole, blasted through the floor. Harrigan strikes another match, but a flow of air from th hole quickly extinguishes the match. Putting his ear to t hole, Harrigan can HEAR the faint SOUND of dripping water Grabbing the edges, he lowers himself gingerly into the h terrified at what might be waiting below.