5) 2) dialog: What did he say to you?
5) 17) dialog: Kirsten, I didn't know you smoked.
6) 9) dialog: Well, Mr Klein...I mean, was there ever a good President of the United States? There is some laughter from the students.
24) 0) text: Darren, under the marquee, sees Lisa and Becky coming tow him. He's not happy to see Becky.
24) 2) dialog: Hey, Darren.
25) 0) text: Lisa, Darren and Becky sit, the light from the movie flickering on their faces. Darren is mad. Becky is enjoyi their discomfiture. Lisa is having trouble concentrating. gets up and walks out. Darren and Becky look at each othe not sure if she just went to the bathroom or left altoget
32) 0) text: Still in slow-motion, she arrives at school. Becky, smoki outside, sees her and approaches, throwing away her cigar as we resume normal camera speed.
35) 2) text: If you didn't want to go to the movies alone with-me Friday, you could have just told me that. You didn't need to bring Becky along as your bodyguard. LISA
42) 2) text: Yeah, my family is from Syria? And I just want to say that Americans have no idea how much people hate them all over the world. OK? BECKY
42) 21) text: LISA Hey, hey, hey! Like what? They didn't even have any demands! ANGIE They just wanted to kill Why did we drop bombs people! on innocent people in Afghanistan? We're still What do you think we doing it! Why did we should've have done? invade Iraq? THE CLASS BECKY (on "we're") They don't care about Because, they declared war civilian casualties! And on us, Angie! Iraq has nothing to do with Afghanistan! It has to do with ANGIE oil! No they didn't! Iraq didn't declare war on LEWIS anybody! They didn't co Come on guys, one at a time! anything to us! Anthony.  ANTHONY 
48) 7) text: Yeah, like I would be in a movie, only I would be doing exactly what I'm doing right now: like I'd be sitting here smoking a cigarette, and I'd have my feet up on. the desk, but the camera would be on me and I'd just be acting, except I wouldn't do anything differently from how I'm doing it right now. Nearby, BECKY and LISA are looking at a poster for "Guys Dolls." It says "ONLY 3 WEEKS BEFORE THIS EARTH-SHATTERIN
49) 5) text: Becky looks at Lisa, surprised and hurt that this is the first she's hearing about this.
51) 0) text: Becky and Lisa are smoking pot. They are dolled up.    
51) 3) text: What are you talking about? BECKY
51) 5) text: Becky. Give me a break. Pause. BECKY
51) 7) text: Can we just go please? BECKY (SARCASTIC)
51) 9) text: Oh, I'd like to have a little bit more please. BECKY 
55) 1) text: Yes, Becky? Um -- Lisa? LISA
75) 0) text: BECKY and LISA are in the circle,'both crying. LISA
75) 1) text: But I'm jealous of you... BECKY
75) 3) text: Because of everything! 'Cause you always get such good grades and your family never has to worry about money, and your parents are still together, and I'm really jealous of your other friends! BECKY
75) 7) text: Me too! They embrace tearfully. Many of the kids are moved. Some not. Becky leaves Lisa in the circle. Lisa wipes her eyes LISA (CONT'D)
109) 0) text: Lisa and Becky are smoking pot on a rock or bench. LISA
109) 1) text: (holding in smoke) .Yeah, because the Central Park Conservatory or whatever it's called put up about five hundred miles worth of these  cheap shitty-looking fences all over the park. Which is totally antithetical to what the park was originally designed for. She exhales and hands Becky the joint. BECKY
109) 3) text: Hi John. BECKY
109) 7) text: Sorry. BECKY