2) 0) text: MONTAGE -- Slow motion shots of New Yorkers, mid-day, all kinds, going all different ways, all over the city. CREDITS END with some high school kids with book bags, walking among the crowds.
3) 0) text: An 11th-grade math class at the Ralph Waldo Emerson Schoo one of the few remaining Manhattan '60s-inspired progress schools. About twenty kids, mostly white secular Jewish. sprinkling of black and Hispanic kids. The teacher, MR AARON, late 20s, is returning test papers
7) 0) text: School is letting out. LISA walks away from the building. short energetic kid named DARREN falls in step with her.
14) 12) dialog: I'm calling one right now...! The Kid is already dialing his cell phone. Other people a doing the same.
14) 87) dialog: Try putting it higher up!
14) 100) dialog: You want my phone?
14) 105) dialog: I got a cell phone, you want me to call her?
14) 118) dialog: You're gonna be OK! 
49) 2) text: What? Really? Are you kidding? LISA
50) 1) text: You do know I have two kids, right? RAMON 
50) 4) text: I would love to meet your kids. I have two  boys myself. I'm not smooth. (Pause) Would  you like to have a nightcap?  JOAN
52) 0) text: The door opens and we catch a glimpse of a big party in a brownstone full of circulating kids. LISA and PAUL cram i 
74) 0) text: All the kids in the show are sitting more or less in a circle. GARY the theater teacher, 30s, has the floor. GARY
74) 6) text: You are probably one of the most talented kids who's ever performed at this school. But you're too Goddamn lazy, you think you can just waltz through this part, and it's pissing me off. Because this show cannot come together until you learn your fucking lines. OK? _ MATTHEW
75) 7) text: Me too! They embrace tearfully. Many of the kids are moved. Some not. Becky leaves Lisa in the circle. Lisa wipes her eyes LISA (CONT'D)
82) 6) text: I don't want to tell anyone what to think, or how to feel. And I don't want to kid myself about the stupid, meaningless way she died, because it would really make her throw up. But I don't want it to become the summation of her life. Because it's not. When her Lisa died I said to her, "How can you stand it?" And she said. "First of all I can't. But I don't want to take away the twelve years she did have, and turn them all into leukemia. Because they weren't." So despite the fact that she got -- ripped off, I do think it's important to remember that Monica got a lot out of life. She was the most fully developed person I personally have ever known. She was also impossible to get along with, but that's another story. Everybody laughs.  EMILY (CONT'D)
82) 12) text: I know...! (She waits) And I was nineteen!  Even though it's impossible for my children  to believe I.was ever that young.  Emily's college-age kids, a boy and a girl, smile warmly her from across the room.
95) 0) text: Lisa turns the unfamiliar corner. Little kids play in the street. She checks the address on the piece of paper.
96) 0) text: She rings the doorbell. Inside she hears kids playing. Th door opens. It's MRS MARETTI, around 35. MRS MARETTI
97) 17) text: It's right over there, honey. (turning) Will you kids settle down, please! I'm not kiddin'! Lisa goes in the bathroom.
99) 18) text: Nothin's goin' on here. So whyn't you calm down? Look: Go ahead inside. Let me find out what this is. Meantime whyn't you make sure those kids aren't killin' each other, all right? MRS MARETTI
99) 44) text: I've got my kids inside: You're an attractive young lady, you show up at the  house -- Please! Get to the point or go home. Because I don't care enough, frankly,  to stand around here tryin' to figure out  what you're doin' here! (Pause) What! What!  What! What! LISA
99) 85) text: (To MRS MARETTI) No, it's all right. Leave it alone. (To LISA) You wanna ruin my life, start tellin' 'em about looks, and you waved at me and I had on my cowboy hat, go ahead! You're gonna go back to school and do your homework and I'm gonna lose my job! And  who's gonna feed my kids? You? Are you gonna do it? And for what! She's dead!  She's dead! And there's nothin' I-can do to  bring her back!  LISA
107) 19) text: You're kidding. MITCHELL
110) 28) text: No thanks. This actually feels really, really good. God, I'm kidding! You are so  easy to tease! She bikes away awkwardly, turns around and bikes back tow him, wobbling badly. LISA (CONT'D)
110) 30) text: No! She tries to stop in front of him but skids and he catche her hard by the arms to stop her.
115) 21) text: Yes. This is good. Because the executor of the estate Cdn bring a Wrongful Death suit, but the beneficiary has to be a relative. So let me explain about that. In a Wrongful Death suit you can sue for Pain and Suffering, Pecuniary Losses, Lose of Support or Services.. .And also what's called Care, Comfort and Society: --like advice, counseling of the parent that the kids aren't gonna get anymore... LISA
120) 5) text: It's a big, big mess. Last year I helped to found an organization to work with children whose families have been killed, or the parents have been kidnapped, so they don't know if they are alive or dead. We try to find homes for them, preferably in Colombia, because if we lose our young people, that's it: That's the future. We have raised a lot of money, but there's only so much we can do. You don't like to say it's hopeless, but it's hard to see the solution. JOAN
120) 22) text: I know. You don't have to keep saying that. I've always wanted to travel. It's just a little difficult with two kids and no husband, but it's hard to make a lot of money in the theater. I was on a TV show a few years back and I socked away some money because of that, but my ex-husband -- RAMON 
120) 24) text: Karl, yes, you remembered, very good. Karl's very generous with the kids when he can be, but he's struggling too: He's a director: he directs commercials, and now he's trying to produce them... Anyway, I'm not ignorant because I enjoy it. RAMON
122) 13) text: Are you fucking kidding me? LISA
123) 2) text: Oh, Monica's father left some money to Abigail's kids and he made Monica the executor of the estate, because he didn't want Abigail and her idiot husband to get their hands on the money before the kids were grown up. (MORE)    
128) 4) text: And what were the nature of these conversations? ABIGAIL. Oh, family stuff, mostly. Her family, my kids... DEUTSCH
143) 1) text: All I can say is I better get a pretty fuckin' good grade in geometry this year. (Pause) Lighten up! I'm kidding. MR AARON
143) 5) text: Anyway, it's just sex. You're acting like a  little kid. I'll see you in school. She walks out. He is very flummoxed.
144) 37) text: Some kind of fund? For the kids? DEUTSCH
144) 39) text: (to ABIGAIL) Mr. Deutsch? Do you mean What does he mean, "besides some kind of trust fund, the damages?" a fund that would be set up by the bus company for EMILY our kids? For tax purposes? What fuckin' fund? LISA
147) 2) text: I guess they do both.  They notice a few too many good-looking women crying a li too hard. Lisa and Joan look at each other.  RODRIGO, a handsome slender kid of 20, comes up to Joan. accent is British, with a slight Colombian cadence. RODRIGO
155) 0) text: Lisa stands against a car, smoking, as the kids flow out the building. Mr Aaron comes out, talking with BONNIE, th gymnastics teacher. They walk away from the school togeth Lisa catches up with them. BONNIE