5) 20) dialog: .I just don't think you can really know a guy until you've slept with him. Lisa, listening, is not so sure, but wouldn't know.
14) 21) dialog: I don't know. Where am I? What is going on?
14) 24) dialog: Who are you?
14) 26) dialog: Am I dead?
14) 28) dialog: What do you mean? What happened?
14) 30) dialog: You've got to be kidding me. A bus?
14) 47) dialog: 
14) 55) dialog: NO! Don't let go of me!
14) 59) dialog: Oh my God what's happening to me!
14) 65) dialog: What do you mean? Are they doctors? Who are they?
14) 67) dialog: Well, get 'em the fuck away from me!
14) 82) dialog: I can't see anything. Are my eyes open or closed? This silences everyone. Lisa looks at the 1st Man. He sha his head, panicked; he doesn't know what to say.
14) 84) dialog: (starts to cry) What do you mean?
14) 93) dialog: Could somebody call my daughter?
14) 112) dialog: What? What are you talking about? 
14) 114) dialog: Jesus Christ, would you call her? Just call her!
14) 120) dialog: Oh sweetie, I don't think I'm gonna make  it.
42) 44) text: (Looking for hands) Uhhhhhh...Monica! MONICA
42) 47) text: 2nd Blue Revised 10/28/05 - Page 33 44 CONTINUED: (4) 44 MONICA
42) 49) text: They are the Ku Klux Klan! They like to throw acid in women's faces! MONICA ANGIE
42) 50) text: Who does? The Afghanistans? Why don't you drop bombs -- Afghanies? The Iraqis? Then why don't you drop bombs on the Ku Klux Klan? LISA Because they're white? Yes! No! The Taliban! Do you wish they were LIONEL still there? There's six people with their hands raised before ANTHONY you, Lisa! The correct term is Afghans. MONICA (TO LISA)
42) 52) text: Because that's censorship, right? Right? MONICA LISA
45) 7) text: She just stepped out in the street? 48 OMIT. 49 EXT. SANTA MONICA -- KARL'S HOUSE. DUSK. WIDE: A shabby bungalow house off Route 1 in Santa Monica The phone is ringing inside. 50 INT. KARL'S HOUSE/INT. COHEN APARTMENT. SIMULTANEOUS. KARL answers. He is 45ish with longish hair. A displaced. Yorker who never quite calmed down. WE CUT BETWEEN THEM. KARL   LISA   KARL   LISA
78) 5) text: Hi. Sorry. Yeah. I was actually calling about your cousin, Monica Patterson? ABIGAIL
78) 26) text: I have been getting calls about this for three weeks! One of Monica's neighbors gave the police my number and all of a sudden I am the focal point for all these arrangements! And I gotta tell you people, I didn't have any kind of relationship with Monica whatsoever, unless you want to count the fact that she held up my children's inheritance for fifteen years. I guess we're just supposed to forget about all that now. And I am more than willing. But the perso n you should be calling is Emily Morrison, who was Monica's friend and is the person who has been dealing with all of this in New York. But it has nothing to do with me. LISA
79) 3) text: Monica? No. She was a social worker. She used to be, anyway. She had -- several careers.    
81) 0) text: EMILY opens the door for LISA. In the b.g. about thirty people are gathered. A mix of Upper West Siders, social workers, and Monica's multi-ethnic clients. EMILY
82) 5) text: As you all know, Monica was not a religious woman. Anybody who ever had to sit through a wedding or a funeral with her knows how she felt about formal occasions. So Harry and Elise and I, when we were talking about this, decided we would just have everyone over and let.anyone who wanted to.talk. about Monica just talk about her. Maybe share some remembrances of her. Some of us know each other, some of us don't. But we're all here because we loved Monica. (She stops. Gets a hold of herself) And  because we want to pay tribute to her in a way that might conceivably not enrage her. Everyone laughs slightly. EMILY (CONT'D)
82) 6) text: I don't want to tell anyone what to think, or how to feel. And I don't want to kid myself about the stupid, meaningless way she died, because it would really make her throw up. But I don't want it to become the summation of her life. Because it's not. When her Lisa died I said to her, "How can you stand it?" And she said. "First of all I can't. But I don't want to take away the twelve years she did have, and turn them all into leukemia. Because they weren't." So despite the fact that she got -- ripped off, I do think it's important to remember that Monica got a lot out of life. She was the most fully developed person I personally have ever known. She was also impossible to get along with, but that's another story. Everybody laughs.  EMILY (CONT'D)
83) 11) text: I don't understand why she didn't kill  herself when Lisa died! And then Barry, and  then after all that with her mother, and  then her father, she gets hit by a fucking bus? It's like a joke! But that's Monica. Always the worst luck. Always. (noticing LISA) OK, sweetheart. Thank you for coming. Please don't stand there staring at me, OK? LISA
85) 21) text: I don't know ...Um -- Monica? MONICA
85) 23) text: Yes. Much like flies to wanton boys. Anybody? Anybody? MONICA
91) 0) text: She comes in without turning on the light. She turns on t faucet. In the dim bathroom the water looks strangely dar She switches on the light -- BLOOD is streaming out the faucet and filling the basin. She looks up. MONICA the dead woman is standing behind he the mirror. Lisa jumps --
101) 18) text: OK. I'm gonna talk to my friend who's a  lawyer, and I'm gonna call Monica's cousin - you talked to her -- And you're gonna go talk to the police. Do you want me'to-go with you? LISA
106) 20) text: No. Sorry. It was that woman Monica Patterson, who got run over by the bus, on Broadway -- it was in a lot of the newspapers...
123) 1) text: What's with Monica and her cousin? EMILY
123) 2) text: Oh, Monica's father left some money to Abigail's kids and he made Monica the executor of the estate, because he didn't want Abigail and her idiot husband to get their hands on the money before the kids were grown up. (MORE)    
123) 4) text: For which Abigail rewarded her by badgering her about it on the phone for fifteen years: Always trying to borrow money against the estate, accusing her of making lousy investments with it, nasty phone calls, nasty letters, every month for fifteen years until Abigail's daughter turned twenty-one and got married. Then Monica goes to the wedding, in fucking Arizona, and Abigail literally won't speak to her. She's a dream. LISA
126) 36) text: A Discovery conference is a meeting with the court where they sign an order. authorizing our lawyer to begin getting the personnel records, interviewing witnesses, talking to Monica's cousin... JOAN
130) 0) text: Emily comes into the dining room with a cup of coffee. Li is standing over the table looking at some of Monica's ph and belongings which are spread out all over the table. E starts putting the pictures away in their envelopes. LISA
130) 3) text: And that's you and Monica obviously. Oh my 
130) 13) text: You know Monica asked about her when she was dying?    
130) 70) text: Lisa, I'm not doing anything! I'm a human being! Monica was a human being! So was her daughter! And so is your mother! (MORE)    
132) 6) text: Yeah. You're all worried about my grades. They have really good public schools in Santa Monica, and if Iofficially lived with him, you wouldn't have to worry about my scholarship.  JOAN
133) 17) text: OK, OK! Monica? MONICA
133) 25) text: Yes! There are bad people in the world! I think they liked blowing up the World Trade Center! They kill their own sisters when they get raped! It's called barbarism! MONICA LISA
144) 41) text: Because I have to tell you we have just lived through that nightmare with Monica and our children, and it was not a pleasant experience. We just want a clean, straight damages is fine. A regular payment. We'll pay the taxes on it. At least we'll have something in our hand... DEUSTCH
153) 88) text: Well I'm sorry, but I have a responsibility to Monica and I take that responsibility very seriously. You are talking about an offer that is gonna be withdrawn if we don't do something about it right now. (MORE)    