0) 1) dialog: Who sits calmly with his back to us. We haven’t seen his face yet but his very stillness sets him apart. He’s as grimy and battle-worn as the rest but his armor and dress of higher quality. Dastan unfastens his own studded-leather wrist guard. Displays it for all to see; drops it on the pile. The men crane eagerly as Dastan rolls.. THREE: a bad roll The BRUTISH SOLDIER leers and scoops up the dice. CLOSE ON HIS HANDS as he secretly swaps the dice before rolling... A TWELVE! Groans from the crowd as the Brutish Soldier ra in his winnings...
0) 3) dialog: I can think of other explanations... The Brutish Soldier looks up. Reveal Dastan’s face: Early 20s with the slim bearing of a natural athlete, he’ a nobler stamp than this gang of common soldiers yet completely at ease in their midst.
0) 5) dialog: I’m not a sore loser. I just don’t like being cheated. The other soldiers fall silent. Uh oh. The Brutish Soldier glares at Dastan and shrugs off his cloak. Massive chest and arms. He stands.
0) 7) dialog: I have a better suggestion: one more wager. Everything you’ve won against this... Dastan removes the dagger from the man’s face and flips i catching it by the blade. He offers the jeweled handle to the Brutish Soldier. It looks valuable...
0) 8) dialog: Those are real emeralds.
0) 14) dialog: All right. I’m on my way. The Brutish Soldier’s face is suddenly filled with fear. pulls the dagger free and hurries to return it to Dastan, going down on one knee...
0) 16) dialog: A bet’s a bet. Keep it. The Herald offers his horse and Dastan swings himself in the saddle. The Brutish Soldier watches him go with grudg admiration.
1) 7) dialog: What care we for rumors, brother? If they have sided with our foe, then Alamut must pay the price. Tus gives his younger brother a stern look.
1) 14) dialog: Nevermind the plunder-- the friend of our enemy is our enemy. Tus remains undecided.
1) 17) text: What say you, brothers? Dastan draws his sword, a thirst for glory in his eyes. Farhad and Farhan follow suit -- a thirst for treasure in theirs. Tus looks at them. swayed, he draws his sword as well.
2) 3) dialog: I expect they’re flesh and bone, like us. Dastan rides ahead to join his older brothers on the ridg completing a quartet of horsemen. The PRINCES take in Alamut for the first time with their eyes.
5) 1) dialog: Is mesmerized; the Persians have never seen gunpowder bef Suddenly an ARROW fells the man next to him. Dastan instinctively raises his shield, blocking another ARROW. Dastan’s eagle eye spots ALAMUT ARCHERS hidden among the rocks above. They’re clad in black, like ninjas.
5) 2) dialog: There! Persian archers return fire. Tus, in the vanguard shouts-
6) 0) text: Like the ocean tide crashing against a sea wall, the firs wave of footsoldiers reaches the citadel. Ladders are thr up; men scale the walls-- ALAMUT SOLDIERS, rise from hiding to meet them with arrow and burning oil. Persian soldiers and ladders fall. The battlefield is chaos. All around, men are felled by arrows. Dastan spots the problem -- ninja-like ALAMUT SABOTEURS darting like shadows among the troops.
6) 1) dialog: The enemy is here! Dastan gallops toward a SABOTEUR who’s just doused a cata with oil. Leaping from horseback onto the catapult, he strikes the torch from the man’s hand before he can light They clash swords. The Saboteur, an intimidating spectre swathed in black is a formidable swordsman. But Dastan ho his own with surprising skill. A SECOND SABOTEUR joins in. Despite Dastan’s speed and agility, the two Saboteurs inexorably force him up onto t catapult platform. While #1 keeps him busy, #2 lights a torch. The catapult BURSTS INTO FLAMES. Dastan battles on with determination, heedless of the FLA rising around him. At last he turns the tables and knocks both Saboteurs off the platform into the flames. A moment of satisfaction... Then Dastan sees the TIE ROPE burning. Uh oh. He looks down, realizes what he’s standing on... Just as the ROPE BURNS THROUGH. The catapult arm FLINGS Dastan into the air. He soars to the ramparts...
7) 0) text: Alamut SOLDIERS, fighting off the invaders, look up to se enemy soldier hurtling toward them like a cannonball. Whizzing over their heads, Dastan makes a desperate grab passing canvas awning. It RIPS -- but slows his flight as tears through a series of canvas awnings, one after anoth Dastan’s amazed he’s survived until... He runs out of awnings. Confronted with a FATAL DROP to t next rampart, he saves himself by grabbing the torn canva the last awning. On the rampart below, a trio of ARCHERS take aim. Dastan dangles in space, a prime target. Pushing off the stone wall with his feet, he struggles to climb the torn canvas. The first volley of arrows barely misses him. Dastan climbs faster. As he nears the top.. The canvas RIPS -- dropping him further than before and SLAMMING him into the wall. (Thanks to which, the second volley misses him too.) Dastan gets a new idea. He starts to “run” back and forth along the wall, swinging on the canvas to gain momentum. The cloth RIPS more. Not good. He’s hanging by a thread. His eye is on a nearby parapet: if he can swing to it...
9) 0) text: Running on the wall, Dastan swings almost within reach of parapet... just misses it. He swings back the other way; ARROW grazes him. Below him, two more ARCHERS join the firing squad. They l their bows. With determination, Dastan backs up as far as he can for final swing, the one that has to make it... As he’s swinging toward the parapet, his canvas “rope” BREAKS. Dastan sails through the air... Grabs for the parapet.. misses it.. plummets toward earth And, brilliantly, saves himself by grabbing a window ledg below. Scrambles through, just escaping a hail of ARROWS.
10) 0) text: Dastan lands in a stone corridor. FIVE ALAMUT SOLDIERS converge on him. He draws his sword. And now we see Dastan fighting in his element. His style medieval Parkour; he uses walls, railings, statuary-- anything he can bounce, grab or roll off of for an advant Fighting him is like trying to grab hold of a bar of soap At one point, under double attack, Dastan reaches for his dagger-- only to find the sheath empty. Oh yeah, he gambl it away. CURSING, he ducks one blow while blocking anothe Dastan runs to the edge, looks down over the parapet. HIS POV: The main bridge below, clogged with soldiers. Beside him, thick rope cables rise from an open SHAFT.
11) 0) text: Dastan lands; GUARDS rush him. He flips one, sends the ne plummeting down the shaft -- grabs a crank lever--
17) 0) text: Dastan emerges and spots his brothers conferring with Niz amidst the crowd of soldiers. He approaches.
17) 3) dialog: Tus, I opened the gate! Tus, in a bad mood, snaps--
18) 0) text: A caravan of Persian SOLDIERS, HORSES and CAMELS wends it way down from the forbidding, icy mountain peaks. Dastan sits backward in his saddle, reading a book. Nizam rides up alongside.
18) 2) dialog: I don’t need their praise. Nizam smiles. 16.
18) 5) dialog: I’d rather earn his favor honestly.
18) 7) dialog: Nizam, why do we win victories? Because we have the greatest army. The army he built, with his life’s blood, starting from nothing. That was an accomplishment. What have I done thus far except go along for the ride?
18) 9) dialog: Do you know what I want? To set forth from home with no army, just one horse and a good sword, and no one knowing I am the son of Shahraman. Then my achievements may be small-- but they’1l be mine. And I can bring them home to him with pride.
18) 11) dialog: I’m not joking, Nizam. I will do it. As soon as we arrive, I’1l ask my father for his blessing.
18) 13) dialog: Perhaps you’re right. If only I’d asked for a share of the loot... Dastan casts a glance at one of the CARTS piled high with rich silks, tapestries and gold...
18) 14) dialog: Do you think Tus would mind..?
19) 0) text: The sun sets behind the gleaming spires and domes of the royal city of NASAF. TILT DOWN to REVEAL the dusty carava finally arriving home. The returning soldiers are met by a cheering crowd. The Captain of the Guards, GARSIV (a young hotshot) stand attention for the returning nobles. His expression sours when Dastan comes abreast of him: the two are about the s age, and clearly have some history.
19) 2) dialog: Hardly at all, Garsiv. I’m very rusty; maybe you’ll be able to beat me in the tournament this year. Finally. Dastan smiles tauntingly and rides past. 18.
20) 2) dialog: Tears into a chicken leg with gusto. The Twins, eating wi elegant delicacy shoot him twin looks of disgust.
20) 4) dialog: Foot-soldiers know how to enjoy a good meal when they get one. Bismillah. Dastan halts mid-bite as he sees... TAMINA across the room. He is mesmerized by the sight of her. He drops his chicken and starts toward her..
20) 6) dialog: Allow me.. a delicate flower such as yourself needs care and drink, not heavy labor. 19. With a flourish, he swings the tray to a nearby table, co up with two goblets of wine and offers one to her... Her eyes go wide with recognition; he interprets her reac as fear of being caught by the Matron.
20) 7) dialog: Have no fear. I’m Prince Dastan and I hereby grant you a temporary reprieve from your duties.
20) 9) dialog: No, please-- there’s no need to thank me, Slave-Girl. You will find I’m a very modern thinker. Social rank means nothing to me.. As Dastan babbles on, trying to impress Tamina, her eyes to the hilt of the DAGGER in his belt...
20) 10) dialog: SO you needn’t be intimidated by the fact that I’m a prince. Although I’m sure it sounds very impressive to you, I’m only a fourth son-- A FANFARE of TRUMPETS signals the start of the royal procession. Everybody surges forward to look; Dastan and Tamina are separated in the crowd...
22) 22) dialog: Father, I’ve brought you a gift.
22) 25) dialog: (the perfect moment) Father, I wish to speak with you about a very important matter... 23.
22) 31) dialog: Father?
22) 33) dialog: Father! ! Shahraman lurches to his feet. Like a maddened bull, he shakes off his attendants, tearing at the robe. STEAM his from the burning places where it STICKS to his flesh.
22) 38) dialog: What? No! I--
22) 40) dialog: (fighting to break free)
22) 43) dialog: (choking back tears) I didn’t do this! (looks around desperately) Nizam! Tell them... Nizam looks at him with shocked disappointment.
23) 0) text: Dastan runs for his life. Footsteps and shouts behind him He ducks into...
24) 0) text: Dastan slams the door shut behind him. He turns and sees.
24) 2) dialog: Slave-Girl! What strange good fortune-- BAM! BAM! Soldiers are at the door. She pushes him to the window.
25) 0) text: Dastan lands with a thud at the bottom of the sheet-rope. Tamina tumbles down on top of him just as he tries to get Tamina leaps to her feet. Dastan is slower getting up.
25) 1) dialog: Thank you for your help, Slave- Girl. Now hide yourself. I must flee at once and doubtless you cannot even-- Tamina mounts a magnificent Arabian THOROUGHBRED and take off at a gallop.
25) 2) dialog: tide. Dastan stares for a moment. Then the GUARDS burst out of doorway. Dastan leaps onto the nearest available mount-- humiliatingly small and unimpressive pony-- and spurs it
25) 4) text: A dozen of the King’s HORSEMEN led by Garsiv ride out, trapping Tamina and Dastan. They’re the best-trained, most formidable military unit i Persia. Normally everyone flees from them. Instead, Dasta rides straight at them. He dodges right -- then left -- and slips by: Magic Johns on horseback. The resulting moment of disarray lets Tamin charge past on the other side and out the entrance.
26) 0) text: The two fugitives gallop toward the great, lowering iron gate, Garsiv’s posse on their heels. Tamina’s larger and faster horse gets there first. Dastan catches a glimpse of her nimbly swinging sideways in her saddle to avoid decapitation as she rides under the closi gate. Impressive. But it looks like the gate will close before Dastan gets there. To make matters worse, four FOOTSOLDIE range out in front of it, with spears raised to impale hi Dastan’s eyes narrow. Redoubling his speed, he charges on and SHATTERS a spear with his sword, opening space to pas He swings halfway off his horse and narrowly squeezes through. The gate closes, sealing in Garsiv’s men.
27) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina gallop out of the walled city and strik out toward the hills with the king’s men in pursuit. A full moon illuminates the rough terrain. Tamina leads t way over a series of increasingly treacherous jumps. 27.
27) 1) dialog: (amazed) Where did you learn to ride so well, Slave-Girl? Two pursuing horsemen fall jumping the boulders. The othe press closer... An ARROW whistles past Dastan’s head. He looks over his shoulder, sees the posse gaining on him. He urges the lit horse to greater speed but he’s outclassed. Inexorably, the first ARCHER draws even with Dastan. He shoots; Dastan drops from sight! The archer, seeing Dasta horse riderless, is momentarily confused -- did he hit hi No, Dastan is clinging to the saddle on the other side, shielded by the horse’s body.
27) 4) dialog: You have more than repaid the small kindness I showed you, Slave-Girl! Tamina’s eyes narrow: this guy is clueless. But there’s n time to disabuse him-- both halves of the posses are clos in on them. Up ahead the plateau drops off in a SHEER CLI Dastan spots his small horse running loose. Taking the re from Tamina, he draws up alongside.. and JUMPS into the saddle. He reaches out to Tamina.
27) 5) dialog: Come on! Jump!
27) 7) dialog: Yes, but it’s not a mountain horse! Trust me, jump! Tamina hesitates.. then JUMPS from her horse to his. Dast catches her and hauls her up into the saddle. As the soldiers close in, Dastan turns to face the cliff.
28) 0) text: A shallow river flows between sheer canyon walls. They ri Tamina is quiet and impassive. Dastan thinks aloud.
28) 1) dialog: Who would want to frame me for my father’s murder?
28) 3) dialog: It was among the gifts sent by my eldest brother, Tus...
28) 5) dialog: Tus. His head spins. He rides ashore and dismounts.
28) 6) dialog: I would never have believed my own brother was capable of-- As he turns to face Tamina, she swings a SWORD right at h Dastan dodges by sheer reflex; the blow glances off his armor, sending him sprawling. He rolls, avoiding a stamping horses hoof that would have split his skull. He scrambles to his feet, drawing his sw in time to BLOCK Tamina’s next blow. 30.
28) 7) dialog: Why are you--?! Tamina attacks without mercy. Dastan, his arm deadened fr the first hit, struggles to defend himself. Tamina is good, but not really a match for Dastan. With e failed attack, Dastan recovers ground until Tamina has lo her initial surprise advantage. Dastan counter-attacks with blinding speed -- he’s not tr to kill Tamina, just disarm her. Finally he strikes the sword from her hand.
28) 8) dialog: Who taught you how to use a sword, Slave-Girl? Tamina surprises him with a KICK in the belly. Seizing Dastan’s arm, she sweeps his legs out from under him. The hit the ground together, grappling on the riverbank. Tamina sees an opening; pulls the dagger from Dastan’s be He grabs her wrist, flips her. The dagger goes flying. Tamina pushes him off her, scrambles toward the dagger. Dastan gets there first. He snatches it up-- CLICK! Grasping it, he’s pressed a JEWEL on the dagger’s glass handle. A trickle of white SAND spills out and land at his feet. He looks down surprised...
28) 11) dialog: Staring amazed at the dagger clenched in his hand, sudden relaxes his tight grip. The instant he releases the jewel the sand stops pouring out -- and 31.
29) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina, together again on horseback, ride asho as they did the first time. Tamina is repeating:
29) 3) dialog: You-- Turning, he points to the dusty patch of ground where the were just fighting. Or were they? Tamina is equally perplexed. Dastan looks down at his emp hand -- then at the dagger, which inexplicably, is back i his belt... And looks up to see Tamina’s SWORD flashing toward him. Disoriented by what’s happened, Dastan is slower to react this time; the blade SLASHES him across the chest. Dastan looks down at the spreading stain of BLOOD soaking tunic. He takes a step forward; buckles, falls to his kne
29) 4) dialog: Who are you? Tamina draws herself up imperiously, takes out the RING s kept hidden and puts it on her finger.
29) 6) dialog: (mortally wounded) What... magic..? He looks down at the dagger in his belt. Draws it. 32.
30) 0) text: TIME RESUMES a moment before Tamina swings her sword at h This time Dastan draws his sword and blocks the blow. She tries to duel him but he’s the stronger swordsman. He disarms her and sends her sprawling to the ground. He glances down -- to his amazement, his wound has vanish
30) 1) dialog: I don’t want to hurt you, but if you reach for that sword I will stop you before you stab me again.
30) 4) dialog: How did you know..? 33.
30) 7) dialog: I will forgive you Slave-Girl. But come-- we cannot stay here.
31) 0) text: Tamina sweats, building up the fire while Dastan lounges.
31) 1) dialog: That’s enough wood. Come over here; my boots are dirty. Her eyes burn into him: if looks could kill.
31) 2) dialog: Is something wrong, Slave-Girl?
31) 4) dialog: A dagger that can turn back time... what else does your legend say? She shrugs and replies offhandedly.
31) 6) dialog: The sun is coming up. It’s almost time for me to go.
31) 8) dialog: To Alamut to confront my brother. If he is indeed responsible for our father’s death... (touches the dagger) «then I will kill him. Dastan strides toward the entrance and saddles the horse. Tamina follows him.
31) 10) dialog: I’ll find a way.
31) 13) dialog: For a common Slave-Girl you have a remarkable set of talents. (a beat) Show me your hands. 35. Eager to please, Tamina shows him two empty hands. Dastan grabs both her wrists and deftly ties them together. Over Tamina’s protests, he lifts her into the saddle.
31) 14) dialog: You may indeed prove useful. But you lie far too well to be trusted, Princess Tamina. Her face flushes with indignation.
31) 16) dialog: Yes, and you did an excellent job-- for a Princess. He spurs the horse and they ride off.
33) 0) text: With a thunder of hooves, soldiers of Nasaf descend on a CARAVAN of hundreds of travelers flowing through the pass The soldiers start grabbing people, searching for anyone remotely matching Dastan or Tamina’s description. 37.
34) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina watch the caravan below, and more soldi riding toward the pass. Intent on the problem, they don’t notice the ARCHER above drawing a bead on them.. until Tamina turns with a gasp. It’s a 12 year-old SHEPHERD BOY, guarding his flock. Dastan makes a friendly “excuse us” gesture, and hustles Tamina along. Fiercely scowling, the boy keeps the bow an arrow trained on them as they pass. Seized by an afterthought, Dastan turns back...
36) 0) text: Tamina, dressed_as_a_shepherd boy, rides the boy’s mule a Dastan leads it. Dastan has shed his princely armor and looks like any common traveler. They join the throng of people and animals moving in both directions. As they approach the pass, Tamina tenses up on seeing the dozen SOLDIERS manning the checkpoint.
36) 1) dialog: Don’t worry. I don’t look like a prince of Nasaf.. (looks her up and down) «any more than you look like a girl. Tamina glowers but Dastan doesn’t notice. They pass direc in front of the soldiers, unnoticed. 38.
37) 0) text: The blazing sun beats down on the parched earth as the caravan crosses the desert. Pilgrims, merchants, dervishe civil servants... a panorama of medieval Persia. Pale and weak, Tamina sways in the saddle, tied in place turban cloth. A SERVANT from a group of wealthier Persians passing by offers Dastan a water-skin. He takes it thankfully and raises it to his lips-- stops as he notices Tamina out of corner of his eye, dehydrated and exhausted. Dastan lowers the water-skin and instead gives her a drin She gulps it down, unaware of his small act of generosity Dastan nods his thanks to the Servant as he passes it bac
38) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina (now on foot) look down on their carava it continues without them. They’re on their own. In the distance rise the icy peaks of Tamina’s mountain kingdom.
38) 2) dialog: God will provide. Come. She doesn’t move, just looks down at her wrists-- still bound. Dastan sighs, then comes over and releases her. He moves on briskly so as not to make a big deal of it.. «and thus misses the murderous stare she gives him, rubbi her wrists.
39) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina climb a steep little stream until a NOM CAMP comes into view below. A dozen tents; mules and oxen Hungrily, Dastan sniffs the cooking aromas.
39) 1) dialog: I told you. God will provide. He watches from behind a rock, hiding. 39.
39) 3) dialog: They’re bandits. It all evens out.
39) 5) dialog: Wait for me here. He dashes down the hill before she can stop him.
40) 0) text: Dastan sneaks between the tents. There are people around, but he manages to avoid being seen. He ducks into a tent.
41) 0) text: Dastan checks a few bowls and a copper pot -- all empty. Looking around, he spots something hanging in a cloth; sn it. Inside is a giant lump of dried buttermilk curd. He tastes it: not bad. Famished he shoves a big handful into his mouth, takes the rest to go. Startled by a MOO, he turns to see a CALF watching him fr dark corner of the tent. Dastan and the calf share a moment: “Okay, you caught me. Then Dastan ducks out. And back inside in an instant, as FEROCIOUSLY BARKING DOG descend on the tent. Dastan hastily ties the entrance fla shut. The tent SHAKES as the dogs hurl themselves at it.
42) 0) text: NOMAD BANDITS, alerted by the BARKING, come to investigat Dastan crawls out from under the other side of the tent. Spotting a CHICKEN strolling by, Dastan snatches it and dashes for the hill.
43) 0) text: Tamina sees Dastan running up the hill toward her, chicke flapping madly in his grasp, dogs and nomads on his heels
43) 1) dialog: Run! Tamina hesitates... turns to run. And nearly smacks into. FAROOD. A grizzled gypsy in his fifties. Two rough-looking BANDIT behind him. Utter incredulity on Farood’s face. Dastan arrives, stops short on seeing their escape cut of Turning to face the dogs, he reaches for his sword--
43) 3) text: On command, the dogs fall back, snarling. Farood looks Dastan up and down. Dastan releases the chicken.
43) 4) dialog: (re: Tamina) My cousin.. he’s hungry.
43) 6) dialog: Did not the Prophet say: “Give freely to those in need, for what you give, God will replace?”
43) 8) dialog: I’m only a poor student from Samarkand. My name is Ali. (before Tamina can speak) And this is my cousin, Bukbuk. Alas, he’s mute. Tamina gapes in outrage.
43) 10) dialog: A sword is worth more than a chicken.
43) 12) dialog: The worth of a sword depends on who’s wearing it. To gain one sword and one chicken at a cost of-- (surveys the opposition) weight men. Ten if I’m lucky... is hardly taking care of one’s family. Farood rubs his beard thoughtfully.
43) 14) dialog: Why risk damaging such fine weapons when we could settle the matter with a wager of skill... (dramatic pause) a throw of the knife. 42. The bandits exchange dubious glances. But Dastan has them hooked -- they’re curious.
44) 0) text: Dastan crouches near a tent, hastily trying to fill the DAGGER with SAND from the desert as he presses the jewel repeatedly. It’s not working.
44) 2) dialog: Just a minute! He makes a final desperate attempt, then gives up. Taking deep breath, he strides into the circle of nomads where.. A WOOD POST with an X has been set up. A loooong fifteen paces away a line in the sand marks Dastan’s throwing spo Tamina looks at Dastan in dismay -- what has he gotten in He’s going to gamble away their only weapon. Dastan gives her a reassuring look. He flips the Dagger in his hand a few times, gauging its weight. The hollow handle makes for an awkward balance... Dastan gets ready.. concentrating.. he catches the unnerv stare of the little Gypsy Boy -- and loses his concentrat False start. Everyone exhales. Dastan gives the kid a reproachful look: “Don’t do that t me!” Gets ready again... And throws. Whop-whop-whop-whop.. PING! The dagger hits the top of th post, handle-first, and bounces off into the sand. A complete miss.
44) 3) dialog: That’s not a good throwing dagger.
45) 0) text: Farood and Dastan pause at the edge of the camp.
45) 2) dialog: Without food or weapons, I suppose we'll die in a few days.
45) 4) dialog: Alamut. To find a cure for the curse that struck my cousin dumb.
45) 7) dialog: Your daughters are unmarried?
45) 11) dialog: And my sword?
45) 14) dialog: Why not?
45) 16) dialog: Shh! You’re mute. Left alone to simmer, Tamina notices a female nomad (HALE gazing at her. Haleema, big enough to snap Tamina like a toothpick, smiles coquettishly. Tamina scowls and looks away. Haleema’s smile broadens: she’s in love. 45.
46) 0) text: A SCOUT PATROL of half a dozen men rides down from the mountains to rejoin a FULL REGIMENT of the Persian army-- hundreds of horsemen with a well-equipped supply train. NIZAM and GARSIV Are approached by the SCOUT CHIEF, holding Dastan’s brace
47) 0) text: The NOMAD CARAVAN wends its way along a mountain path, pa animals carrying the rolled up tents and mats. Tamina watches Dastan, up ahead, showing off by doing handsprings between two mules. The nomads, including the little boy, laugh and applaud. Dastan falls back to rejoi Tamina.
47) 2) dialog: At least gypsies know how to have fun.
47) 4) dialog: Not used to trekking across the desert?
47) 7) dialog: You chose your words well. A moon shines at night, but even daylight cannot veil its beauty. (off Farood’s confusion) Your daughters.
47) 13) dialog: I see you’ve found a friend too.
48) 0) text: The caravan is camped. Dastan uses the DAGGER to play MUMBLETYPEG with the gypsy boy. He pauses, hearing a distant noise. Then the noise grows into a THUNDER. Moments later, HORSEMEN appear. A cavalry regiment charges past on the road above. Dastan moves through the camp. He finds Tamina sitting al by a fire. 48.
48) 1) dialog: Soldiers of Nasaf.
48) 3) dialog: Looking for a man and woman travelling alone. I think we’re safe with the caravan. He notices Tamina rubbing her raw and aching feet. She quickly covers them. He turns away, not wanting to embarrass her further. But he’s concerned.
49) 0) text: The crossroads of the world. The locals are Mongolian and wear the boots and fur hats of the steppe. Travelers run gamut of the Silk Road from Arab to Chinese. Nomads feed and water their animals at the central trough while merchants haggle in the surrounding BAZAAR. TAMINA draws water from a well. Dastan arrives, leading a DONKEY. He grins broadly.
49) 1) dialog: What do you think?
49) 3) dialog: The donkey. I got it for you. On account of your feet... (prompting her) ‘Oh, thank you Dastan! You’re so considerate, such a gentleman--’
49) 5) dialog: At the bazaar, what--
49) 8) dialog: It was a lousy throwing dagger...
49) 10) dialog: What? You said yourself that it was worthless without the sand, that the magic was used up.. (off her look) The magic wasn’t used up?
49) 12) dialog: Maybe if you told me the truth once in a while, we wouldn’t have these little communication problems. Tamina takes a calming breath. Considers. Realizes she’s going to have to tell him a bit more.
49) 14) dialog: (deadpan ) So you’re saying it’s worth more than the donkey? She gives him a look.
50) 0) text: The sun burns high overhead. Tamina looks on as Dastan haggles with a Hogarth-grotesque, ONE-EYED MERCHANT.
50) 2) dialog: It’s about this long, with a clear handle and it has a bunch of jewels on the hilt-- fake, fake jewels, they’re glass, I’m pretty sure. But the merchant I got the donkey from said that--
50) 4) dialog: I traded back the donkey in exchange for the chickens that he traded for the dagger and that led me to the bushels of wheat, then the length of cloth and finally... (lifts a jar triumphantly) «this jar of perfume that you traded for my dagger. The One-Eyed Merchant sniffs the jar. Reacts.
50) 7) dialog: Thank you. How come you didn’t speak up before it was too late?
50) 9) dialog: If we’re gonna find that dagger we need somebody who knows how to talk to these traders, somebody who really understands this world... He trails off as his eyes come to rest on.. FAROOD, in th center of a crowd, wheeling and dealing.
50) 10) dialog: (walks over) Farood, my friend! I need your expertise...
50) 17) text: Dastan and Tamina peer out.
50) 18) dialog: We have to leave at once.
50) 20) dialog: Forget the dagger. I don’t care about your magic relic.
50) 22) dialog: (suspicious) For somebody who was trying to kill me not long ago, you suddenly seem awfully eager to help... She shrugs and looks down shyly... Just then a tap on his shoulder makes Dastan jump.
52) 0) text: Farood leads Dastan and Tamina proudly toward an Inn.
52) 2) dialog: Ah yes... your daughters. I can’t get them out of my head. But about that dagger...?
53) 0) text: An older female DANCER gyrates listlessly to the music pl on drums, tambourines and flutes. The tables are crowded with diverse travelers. Farood, Dastan and Tamina enter and make their way to.. 54.
54) 0) text: LENK, the wizened Mongolian innkeeper makes notes in his ledger. Behind him is a middle-eastern pawn shop. The DAGGER sits prominently on a shelf. Dastan gestures to Farood and Tamina: “I’1l handle this.”
54) 1) dialog: Salaam Aleikum. I’m told you are not only an innkeeper but a trader of great renown. Lenk looks up slowly. Takes him in.
54) 3) dialog: Actually to buy. A mere trinket. A small dagger of purely sentimental value that I believe you.. ah, there it is. He points. Lenk picks up the dagger and examines it.
54) 5) dialog: (feigns disinterest) I’ve seen better... how much do you want for it? Lenk smirks, assuming Dastan doesn’t have a single dinar.
54) 7) dialog: Done. Quick as a flash, Dastan slaps a coin purse on the table. 55. Lenk stares. He picks up the purse. Its weight triggers n respect. Then... Farood jumps forward and grabs the purse.
54) 11) dialog: Yes, the price has been agreed!
54) 16) dialog: Farood, I want that dagger!
55) 0) text: Dastan hurries to the desk.
55) 1) dialog: I accept. One hundred dinars. He puts the money in front of Lenk who, offended, doesn’t look up from his writing.
55) 3) dialog: All right then, name your price.
55) 7) dialog: (instantly) Done. Tamina looks at him in shock and betrayal. 57.
57) 0) text: Dastan hovers outside a curtained doorway.
57) 1) dialog: (guiltily) It must feel good to get out of those rags.
58) 0) text: Dastan pulls up an ottoman behind Farood’s. Farood glance at the dagger in Dastan’s belt.
58) 2) dialog: (his eyes on the stage) Maybe not the absolute worst. Just then, the musicians strike up a rousing dance rhythm The customers lift their heads expectantly. The musicians continue... and continue. Still the stage remains empty. The BAND LEADER beckons furiously toward backstage; gives the crowd a phony smile. At that moment, the front door opens. Dastan turns to see GARSIV and SIX SOLDIERS enter with a blast of cold air fr outside. The soldiers take several tables, displacing the locals. Dastan turns pale. He wants to warn Tamina-- but there’s time. He settles for slouching down in his seat, out of Garsiv’s sight-line. 58. Farood notes Dastan’s reaction, realizing something is up
58) 4) dialog: winces. The crowd is starting to mutter. He glances nervously to see if Garsiv has noticed.
58) 7) dialog: Hiding behind Farood frantically gestures to Tamina to “dance.” She glares back at him. He demonstrates, showing her how she needs to move her hips.. then sees Farood loo at him.
58) 8) dialog: (“grooving”) The music is good, isn’t it?
58) 10) dialog: I think I dropped some... Tamina pulls Dastan to his feet. She dances seductively around him. Her hands caress his body without actually touching. Her breath sears his cheek through the veil.
58) 13) dialog: (hisses) That’s enough! Tamina keeps it up, smiling wickedly; she draws a gossame scarf across Dastan’s face. He’s sweating bullets. Before he’s quite realized what’s happening, she’s drawn DAGGER from his belt-- wrapping it in several turns of he scarf-- and is dancing away. Outraged, Dastan starts to go after her-- then stops. If pursues her he risks being recognized by Garsiv. Tamina dances back to the stage, having gotten what she wanted. But as she passes the table of soldiers... Her eyes briefly meet Garsiv’s through the veil. Is that lust or recognition in his stare? 60. Unnerved, Tamina hurries onto the stage. With a final flourish of scarves, she disappears through the curtain. The room ERUPTS. They'll be talking about this for months
58) 14) dialog: Glowering, jumps to his feet. He makes a beeline for the stage but his way is blocked by the crowd of Tamina’s admirers. Lenk patiently handles the crush of MERCHANTS a TRADERS thrusting coin purses at him. Dastan glances back across the room to the table where Ga was sitting. It’s empty.
59) 1) dialog: Climbs onto a rooftop. Up a series of ladders, drainpipes and awnings until he has a vantage point of the surroundi streets and alleys. Nimble as a cat, he runs and jumps from one rooftop to th next, scanning all the while for a sign of..
59) 7) dialog: Watching from a rooftop.
61) 0) text: Dastan paces back and forth, gripping his sword and mutte to himself. He draws a line in the dirt and starts making hash marks on either side to weigh pros and cons...
61) 1) dialog: (on the con side) «the place is well-guarded and you'd probably get yourself killed... (in the pro column) «She has that magic dagger... (con) «only because she stole it from you... (pro) wif you don’t rescue her, Garsiv will do with her as he pleases... That really burns him up. Farood comes up behind him.
61) 5) dialog: I have a confession to make, Farood. Bukbuk is not my cousin. Bukbuk is my.. fiancée. You see-- Farood holds up a hand.
61) 7) dialog: Bukbuk is the dancing girl. I mean, the dancing girl was Bukbuk.
61) 9) dialog: Yes, my parents forbid the marriage on account of her being a heathen. So we fled in the middle of the night. Her father had us declared outlaws so the soldiers came after us. We only escaped by disguising ourselves. Then we met up with you... Now after all we’ve been through, she has been captured. Dastan wipes a fake tear from his eye. Farood puts a hand his shoulder.
61) 11) dialog: (quick) Then you will help me rescue her?
61) 13) dialog: Our of romantic spirit..? Friendship..? Goodwill...?
61) 15) dialog: Okay. How much do you want?
64) 1) dialog: perched on a tree limb as far out as he can go. Tamina’s eyes light up with astonishment and hope. She ca believe he’s here. He puts his finger to his lips-- points down.
64) 3) dialog: (mouths silently) DON’T MOVE. Tamina sees what he’s planning.
64) 11) dialog: Is that your way of saying “thank you for rescuing me?” Tamina takes off running.. runs out of rope and comes cra to the ground.
64) 12) dialog: Wrong way. He reels her in. He pulls her close and wraps his arms around her. Her reaction is a mixture of outrage, surpris and maybe a little bit of excitement as Dastan runs his h down her body, searching... Got it! He pulls the DAGGER from behind her back. Cuts he wrists free in one motion and tucks the dagger into HIS belt.
64) 13) dialog: Let’s go.
66) 0) text: Farood waits nervously with two camels. There’s a rustlin in the tree branches above and... Dastan drops down beside him. He reaches up to help Tamin who ignores him and jumps down on her own. Farood looks her over.
67) 0) text: The nomad caravan is waking up. TAMINA (dressed as a shepherd again) crawls out of her bedroll and spots Dastan sitting alone, stoking the fire. She goes over and joins him.
67) 1) dialog: (glances up) Ah, good morning Princess Bukbuk.
67) 4) dialog: I missed my chance to make him proud while he lived. I played the fool, wasted my time in amusements... Now it is too late. He looks down bitterly.
67) 6) dialog: My brother is a good man. I still can’t believe he killed our father. Tamina’s temper flashes.
67) 8) dialog: That’s not true. Tus only ordered the attack because your “peaceful” kingdom was secretly supplying our enemy.
67) 10) dialog: I was there when the spy confessed!
67) 12) dialog: Yes. Well... not exactly. Nizam translated it for us.
67) 14) dialog: Yes. 70. ON TAMINA, her mind racing.
68) 1) dialog: Shocked by her revelation.
68) 2) dialog: It was Nizam..? (beat) Yet you encouraged me to kill my brother.. knowing he was innocent?! Tamina doesn’t back down.
68) 5) dialog: When we get to Alamut, you will help me reach my brother. We will tell him all that has happened. He will decide what to do. Dastan stands and walks away.
72) 2) dialog: Farood, there’s something more I have to tell you. I’m not really--
72) 4) dialog: (perplexed) He did not abduct her. Majnun spent his life pining for Layla and died a wanderer in the desert. 73.
72) 6) dialog: How did they do that?
73) 0) text: Tamina rips off the turban and ties her hair in the more feminine, local fashion. Hiding behind a low wall, they watch the excavation -- Dastan curious, Tamina horrified.
73) 2) dialog: What is Nizam up to?
73) 4) dialog: He knows what? She turns away, thinking her own thoughts. Dastan takes h by the shoulders.
73) 5) dialog: You want revenge for what Nizam has done to your temple? To your people? (forces her to look the slaves digging) I want revenge for my father. We can work together. But you need to tell me the truth. What’s under that temple?
74) 3) dialog: First of all, there is only one God. Second, the way I heard it, it was a flood, not a sand storm. him a withering look.
74) 5) dialog: So Nizam is after the hourglass, but he needs the dagger as well.. he must not realize it was ever taken away.
74) 7) dialog: And leave your people enslaved? And my father’s death unavenged? (shakes his head) I may only be a fourth son, but my father was still a king. As was yours. We can’t give up that easily. Tamina meets his gaze. Sees his determination and it give her hope... a look of resolve appears in her eyes. She no
75) 0) text: Dastan follows Tamina, weaving through alleys and back wa
75) 2) dialog: When I was ten, my father bought a stallion so wild, none of our warriors dared ride it. I was sure I could. (beat) The warriors were right. It was Tus who jumped into the ring. Pulled me out from under the stamping hooves before they crushed my skull. He broke an arm and two ribs; I got off with a few scratches. (MORE )
75) 4) dialog: Since then we’ve had our differences... but he’d still give his life for me, and I for him. Tamina holds up a hand and stops him as she waits for a t of Nasaf soldiers to pass by in the street. She turns and faces him.
75) 5) dialog: I give you my word that my brother is an honorable man. When he learns the truth, our army will leave your city and Nizam will answer for his treason.
75) 8) dialog: (realizing) You’re the High Priestess?
78) 0) text: Dastan waits, growing increasingly anxious with every pas moment. He doesn’t like staying in one place this long.
78) 3) dialog: waiting, unsuspecting. The SOLDIERS ambush him without warning. He fights furiously but he doesn’t stand a chanc
80) 1) dialog: complaining through the bars of his cell to a sleepy, dru PRISONER in the adjoining cell.
80) 2) dialog: «I’m telling you, never trust a woman. As the Poet says: “The only time a woman tells the truth is when she is silent.” A hunched old JAILOR in a hooded shawl approaches, doling gruel to the prisoners.
80) 3) dialog: And another thing-- the more beautiful her face, the better she lies. It is a proven fact..
80) 5) dialog: You! ..I thought you’d sold me out! 80.
80) 7) dialog: How did you...?
80) 9) dialog: (to the drunk prisoner) Forget everything I said before. And hurries after Tamina. Just as the door shuts behind t The door at the far end of the room opens and... GARSIV enters attended by soldiers. They head for Dastan’ (empty) cell.
81) 0) text: Tamina hands the keys back to the real Alamut JAILOR and thanks him IN FOREIGN. The MAN bows deeply and kisses her hand. She and Dastan flee into the city.
81) 1) dialog: (re: the Jailor) I guess you really are the Princess.
83) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina look back and see SOLDIERS pouring out the streets.
83) 2) dialog: We're trapped. They’ve got all the exits covered.
84) 0) text: The din of the market fades as Tamina and Dastan slip int the dark tunnel. Nobody there. It looks like maybe they’v escaped. Until they emerge on the other side and find... A PATROL of A DOZEN NASAF SOLDIERS. Dastan draws his swor MAN’S VOICE (0.S.) Put away your sword. Dastan turns and sees.. the BRUTISH SOLDIER he let keep t dagger in the opening scene. He approaches and looms over Dastan.
84) 9) dialog: Your sun god is a lion? (off her exasperated look) All right! I’11 just follow you. As they pass the lion, Tamina gives it a wide berth, all while uttering respectful prayers and making little bows toward it. Dastan rolls his eyes, and half-heartedly foll suit. Tamina’s torch illuminates the stone floor as they go. Sh grabs Dastan to stop him from stepping in a certain place 83.
84) 11) dialog: I wouldn’t call it black. Maybe it’s a little bit darker than the others.
84) 13) dialog: All right, look. I don’t want to disrespect your religion. It’s just that we may not have time to follow every little superstition...
84) 15) dialog: All right. No black stones.
86) 0) text: Tamina and Dastan come to a halt at the edge of a water- filled chasm where a rope bridge used to be. Remnants of rope dangle uselessly from either side. The rock wall has partially collapsed, smashing the bridge and flooding the chasm with water. 84.
86) 2) dialog: I think I can.
86) 5) dialog: I know that. I’m not crazy. He sprints toward the edge... but instead of jumping the he RUNS ALONG THE WALL for a good 20 feet.. until gravity catches up with him, his feet slip-slide and he starts to fall. Dastan PUSHES OFF THE WALL with his feet, propelling hims across the gap -- GRABS a crevice in the rock wall opposi barely saving himself from the plunge -- -- as SPIKES spring up below, breaking the surface of the muddy water covering the bottom of the pit. Tamina gasps. Dastan begins to rock-climb across the wall, using the mo miniscule hand and footholds. He nearly falls -- more spi spring up below -- but he hangs on, keeps going. Tamina watches, holding her breath. At last Dastan reaches the far wall. It’s sheer, not a handhold in sight. He gropes for one anyway. His hand SLI on the slick rock. Tamina can’t look... The chasm is too wide at this end for Dastan to jump back the opposite wall. Nevertheless, he braces his feet again the rock -- and LAUNCHES himself out into space. 85. Sailing over the pit.. he GRABS the end of the broken rop bridge as he falls past it. Hangs on, twisting and dangli It holds. Dastan climbs up the rope bridge to safety. Brushes himse off, shouts reproachfully at Tamina across the chasm--
86) 6) dialog: You could have warned me about the spikes!
86) 8) dialog: We'll figure something out.
86) 11) dialog: Just make sure you’re here when I get back. He disappears. Tamina watches him go.
87) 0) text: Dastan threads his way through a narrow corridor, steppin over the occasional black tile. With each step he takes, nothing happens and he grows more confident. He comes to another stone LION like the first. Sighing, h does as Tamina did, placing his back against the opposite wall.
87) 1) dialog: Lion, I cannot bow down before you for no one deserves worship but God. But I do respect you, as a lion -- and I ask you not to bite me. Pleased with this compromise, Dastan passes the lion. And catches himself just about to step on a faded, black- painted stone. Looking ahead he realizes that half the paving stones in corridor ahead of him are black.
87) 2) dialog: (sighs) God forgive me -- but she believes in it so what am I to do? With a martyred air, he hop-scotches down the corridor, f one safe stone to the next, until he reaches the alcove a the passageway’s midpoint. As he pauses to take a breather, Dastan’s eye is drawn to MURAL depicting the LEGEND: an angry sun god with a lion’ head, a blinding sandstorm, the hourglass... Dastan gazes in awe, experiencing the full religious impa Maybe there’s more to this than he thought... Dastan takes a deep breath and looks ahead; the second ha of the passageway is filled with even more black stones. Carefully, he hops between the increasingly scarce safe stones. To avoid getting stranded, he’s forced to start using the walls, clinging to them like a rockclimber. At last, the end of the black tiles comes into sight. Gritting his teeth, he PUSHES off the wall with his feet, JUMPS through the air, straining for distance-- 87. He’s not going to make it. Switching his landing to a div at the last instant, he hits the floor with both hands instead of his feet, tumbles-- and clears it! Exhaling with relief, he gets to his feet... And hears an ominous “snick” he’s never heard before. Looking down he sees he’s standing right on a BLACK STONE He looks around for bad consequences. Doesn’t see any.
87) 3) dialog: Sorry lion. THWIPP!! A SCYTHE comes swinging down from the ceiling behind him. Dastan jumps ASIDE, barely escaping being bisected vertically -- only to land on another black ston FWIPP! A HORIZONTAL SCYTHE whips out from the wall at kne level. The blade just misses him as he JUMPS BACK -- Triggering TWO MORE HORIZONTAL SCYTHES on the opposite wa one at neck level, one waist-high. He escapes both by
87) 5) dialog: (very fast, heartfelt) There is no god but God, the Almighty, all-compassionate and all- merciful. Praise be to God; You alone do we worship; Guide us on the straight path; Amen. (quick afterthought) And no disrespect to the Lion.
88) 0) text: Dastan advances into the silent, natural cavern. A waterfall cascades down a sheer rock face into the dark of an abyss. We HEAR an underground river rushing far bel 88. Towering at the edge of the abyss is a titanic HOURGLASS. seems to have grown out of the rock itself. It holds thousands of tons of glowing white sand that bathe the chamber in an eerie light. Fascinated, Dastan approaches. He stares at the sand; thousands of millions of years worth of time -- no way to fathom it. He looks up at an ascending set of stairs carved into the stone, leading to a rock promontory at the neck of the hourglass... He begins to climb the stairs. At the top is a flat outcropping of rock. Above him looms the gigantic upper h of the hourglass, a vast reservoir of glowing sand. Dastan lies down and belly crawls until his head and shoulders are over the edge of the abyss and he can reach neck of the hourglass. He draws the dagger. Holding it as Tamina instructed, by blade, he brings its handle to within an inch of the glas
88) 1) dialog: God is great. Bismillah. He pushes the dagger forward, with no idea what will happ The dagger’s handle penetrates the thick glass, instantly rendered liquid as quicksilver. Dastan’s so startled he jerks it right back out again -- rendering the glass once more miraculously intact. Deliberately, Dastan repeats the action. This time, he ho the dagger inside the hourglass, to catch the falling san Slowly, before his eyes, the glass handle starts to fill.
91) 0) text: Dastan realizes he’s been holding his breath. With a gasp he pulls the dagger back. It’s full of glowing sand. The hourglass is as solid as if it had never been touched
92) 0) text: Dastan hop-scothes back through the corridor, nimbly avoi the black stones. Until, hurrying past the stone lion, he forgets to hug th opposite wall. Serrated IRON JAWS swing out from the horizontal slit of the lion’s mouth. Dastan hurdles over jaws as they crunch together like a giant bear-trap. As Dastan runs, the corridor floor COLLAPSES under him. Desperately he increases his speed. He can already see th broken bridge ahead. In a few more strides, there’1ll be floor left to run on. He makes a heroic RUNNING JUMP-- «out into space, above the yawning chasm where the floor in... «And falls short. He can’t believe it. After everything h been through, this is how it ends -- plunging toward cert death on JAGGED SPIKES below! As he’s about to be impaled, he snatches the dagger from sheath -- BOOM!! TIME STOPS -- the spikes inches from Dastan’s ches the entire scene frozen except for the SAND spilling from dagger in Dastan’s hand... his finger on the jewel. The s blows away like ash in the wind.
92) 2) text: TIME RUNS BACKWARD. Dastan flies up away from the spikes, the corridor floor reassembling under his feet as he runs backwards, JUMPS backward over the lion-jaws as they open Until his hand releases the jewel.
93) 0) text: This time, Dastan runs to one side as he passes the lion jaws. And he’s through, safely skirting all the traps.
94) 0) text: WATER GUSHES IN, swelling the already flooded pit.. while cracks pop up everywhere in the stressed rock wall. Tamin sees Dastan appear on the far side of the chasm.
94) 2) dialog: Take a deep breath. He grabs Tamina and pulls her down into the water. THE DAM BURSTS! The wall caves in, a THUNDER OF ROCK and WATER are unleashed. UNDERWATER: The explosive current propels Dastan and Tami through a stone-walled channel -- Dastan takes Tamina’s h kicks upward toward the LIGHT -- 91.
95) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina surface in the river, below the citadel wall. They gasp for air. As soon as they catch their breath...
95) 3) dialog: I didn’t think I used that much. Just then, he dodges instinctively as an ARROW misses his head by inches, imbeds in the wall behind him. Defensivel before Tamina can accuse him--
95) 4) dialog: It missed by itself. ARCHERS assemble on the ramparts above. Dastan and Tamina race up the stone steps of the embankment.
95) 7) dialog: Wait. In the next instant, a volley of ARROWS shoot past right front of Tamina. Dastan releases her.
95) 8) dialog: Now. 92. As they continue their dash up the stairs--
95) 10) dialog: That time I did. Trust me, you weren’t any happier the other way.
97) 0) text: Tamina takes Dastan’s arm, points to the ROYAL PALACE standing on the other side of a deep mountain gorge. A narrow stone bridge below is the only way across the chas
97) 2) dialog: (not without pride) God, our soldiers are good! Tamina looks, sees-— A DOZEN SOLDIERS running toward them across the rooftops. More on their way, throwing up ladders as they climb. Dastan yanks Tamina to her feet. With the army on their heels, they improvise a rapid descent via stairs, ladders free-fall to the bridge level. As they climb down the final ladder (Tamina first), more soldiers run toward them from the bridge. Dastan and Tami are trapped between the new arrivals and the soldiers abo Dastan reaches for the DAGGER. Tamina stops him.
97) 4) dialog: Run.
98) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina make a mad dash across the bridge. They more than halfway there when MORE SOLDIERS appear on the side, led by Garsiv. Dastan comes to a skidding stop. He looks back: they’re trapped on a long, narrow stone bridge between two armies, above a vertigo-inducing ravin plunging ten thousand feet below.
98) 1) dialog: Should have used the dagger. With a communal ROAR, the soldiers charge from both sides Dastan swings into action. Snatching up a rope coil, he swiftly ties it around a parapet of the bridge wall... 94. «and draws his sword as the soldiers descend on them. Hopelessly outnumbered, Dastan and Tamina leap onto the bridge wall and run BACK the way they came-- Dastan parry sword blows and uncoiling rope as he runs.
98) 3) dialog: Hold tight. Tamina locks her arms around Dastan just in time -- he JU
98) 5) dialog: Climb higher! We’1ll make it on the next swing! Tamina and Dastan desperately climb up a few feet on the rope. ARCHERS on the bridge above them unleash a volley o arrows, which miss, but don’t make their task any easier. They reach the apex of their backswing, begin their retur toward the loophole.. Dastan reaches out to grab it-- Only this time, they don’t even reach the wall. They’ve l too much momentum.
98) 6) text: Dastan and Tamina swing uselessly back and forth, in a smaller arc each time. They’re trapped at the end of the rope. Hanging off a bridge that’s full of soldiers. Oops.
98) 8) text: A soldier (call him the EXECUTIONER) mounts the parapet w Dastan tied the rope. He draws a wicked scimitar. Checks with Garsiv, who nods: do it. The Executioner raises his sword high-- and CHOPS! DASTAN and TAMINA are shaken. One more cut will sever the rope.
98) 10) dialog: Oh I don’t know, I think we can get out of this one.
99) 1) dialog: Hold tight. Exactly as before, Tamina locks her arms around Dastan as JUMPS from the parapet. Only this time, he adjusts his aim, hastily CLIMBING the as they swing.. hits the loophole, grabs and pulls them i
101) 0) text: Tamina and Dastan land together on the floor.
101) 3) dialog: What? No! Of course not... She examines his face but he doesn’t break. No time for further discussion. She sets off down the hall and he hurries after her.
102) 1) dialog: I hope you know where you’re going. Tamina throws open the small wooden door of a supply clos they duck inside. She closes the door, plunging them into darkness. WE HEAR their breathing, rapid and shallow.. then the cli a hidden latch and another door swings open--
103) 1) dialog: A secret getaway...?
103) 3) text: Servants fill the royal baths with hot water. Tamina step aside to let Dastan look.
103) 6) dialog: No, no, I like it.. it’s just... you look beautiful. He takes a step closer. Her face bathed in the warm light exquisite.. her skin flawless.. he looks into her dark ey and.. kisses her full on the mouth. Except this time there is no rewind. He catches himself, waiting for her to slap him. but instead, Tamina responds She kisses him deeply in return, giving into the moment, pressing against him. their pent-up attraction is release and their embrace becomes more and more passionate until- Tamina suddenly pulls away.
103) 8) dialog: What? What can never be? 98.
103) 10) dialog: Why not? I mean, assuming I convince my brother, restore your kingdom and all that stuff... why not? (suddenly defensive) It’s because I’m only a fourth son, isn’t it? She shakes her head sadly and looks toward the window.
103) 12) dialog: Is that all? I told you I’m a very modern thinker; if it’s that important to you I’1l take a dip--
103) 15) dialog: My brother.
105) 2) dialog: ‘It was not I who killed our father.’ Can’t start with that. ‘My brother, it is I, Dastan. I come to you in peace...’ No time for that; get to the point! ‘My brother...’ That’s a good start. DASTAN’S POV - the guards escort the attendants out. Mome later, Tus enters. The guards leave him alone to his bath
105) 3) dialog: ‘My brother...’ ‘My noble brother...’ Dastan turns and locks eyes with Tamina one last time; sh gives him an encouraging nod.. Dastan presses on the door
105) 5) dialog: My noble brother. Tus splashes to his feet, waist-high in the water.
105) 8) dialog: No!
105) 11) dialog: You have nothing to fear from me. What Nizam told you is a lie. He killed Father. It was Nizam who poisoned the robe. The GUARDS burst in and seize Dastan
105) 12) dialog: Tus, Nizam deceived us all. He made us conquer Alamut so he could possess its secrets! And if you try to stop him, he will kill you too!
105) 15) dialog: No! Tus, listen to me, I’m not making this up! TUS!! Tus never looks back. Dastan appeals to the guards:
105) 16) dialog: I beg you. One minute. Let me speak to him. As you love him, as you loved your king-- The CAPTAIN of the guards punches him in the head.
106) 0) text: Tus takes off his robe, lowers himself into the steaming bath. Rinses his face and hair, just as he did before. A NOISE makes Tus turn. Dastan has just BARRICADED the do with a medieval two-by-four. Tus splashes to his feet. Th time, the first thing Dastan does is throw his sword away
106) 1) dialog: Tus, don’t call the guards yet. Listen to me.
106) 4) dialog: Beneath this citadel is an ancient, mystical force beyond anything you can imagine. It’s the hourglass that contains the Sands of Time. SOUNDS of the guards beating at the barricaded door-- 102.
106) 5) dialog: This dagger holds only a minute’s worth of the sand. He draws the dagger, forgetting it’s a weapon too--
106) 7) dialog: No! Hastily turning the dagger around-- this isn’t going well
106) 8) dialog: Nizam is after the hourglass and the dagger. He tricked us into falsely invading a kingdom that has done us no wrong. To hide his lies, he murdered our father and threw the blame on me. The door gives way; the guards burst in. Dastan doesn’t h to wait for Tus’s verdict to know he’s blown it.
106) 9) dialog: (angry with himself) Damn it! He jumps back, using the dagger to hold the guards at bay
106) 10) dialog: Stand back! I warn you! The guards hesitate, perplexed. In a second they'll reali there’s no real threat and rush him.
106) 11) dialog: I need a minute. Just give me a minute to think. He looks at the dagger in his hand -- nearly empty. Just enough sand for one last rewind. Suddenly, desperately, he looks at Tus. He knows what to
106) 12) dialog: Tus, this is no ordinary dagger. Touch this jewel on its handle and you will learn Alamut’s greatest secret. 103.
106) 14) dialog: (to Tus) If you won’t believe me, then our kingdom is forfeit. Our honor is forfeit. And I’m better off dead. Dastan PLUNGES the dagger into his own heart. Under the astonished stares of the guards, he crumples to his knees Blood appears on his lips. He falls dead. ON TAMINA - who stifles a cry. Tus shakes off the guard who’s just helped him put on his robe. He advances toward his brother’s body.
107) 0) text: The guards close in on Dastan, just as they did before. T whirls, bewildered by deja vu: what’s happening here? As he did before, Dastan dramatically holds the dagger to own throat -- unaware that the final rewind has already happened and that the dagger is empty.
107) 1) dialog: If you won’t believe me, then our kingdom is forfeit. Our honor is forfeit. And I’m better off dead. Tus lunges at Dastan, GRABS his arm just in time to preve him from stabbing himself. The guards pull them apart.
107) 3) dialog: Thanks brother.
107) 5) dialog: Blood? What blood? Perplexed, he looks down at the dagger in his hand. He nearly faints on seeing that it’s empty. Tus, overcome by emotion, clasps Dastan in a warm embrace.
107) 9) dialog: One more thing, brother. There is somebody I want you to meet... Dastan turns toward the secret door as... TAMINA emerges like a vision from the steam. Tus looks at his younger brother, impressed: where’d you her?
107) 10) dialog: It’s a long story.
108) 0) text: Thunder rumbles in an ominous sky. Tus, Dastan and Tamina stride across the bridge accompanied by royal GUARDS with torches. Nizam appears at the end of the bridge with his own detachment of elite GUARDS led by Garsiv.
108) 6) dialog: 
109) 0) text: Tamina and Dastan are shoved into a cell and chained to t wall. The guards exit. Nizam steps forward and lifts the DAGGER from Dastan’s be His eyes glint with greed as he caresses it..
109) 3) dialog: (bloody and beaten) I’m sorry Tamina...
109) 11) dialog: Greatness cannot be stolen; it must be earned. You shall never achieve it, Nizam.
109) 16) dialog: Nizam! Nizam! NIZAM!! He ducks under one of the chains, turning himself around he’s facing the wall with his arms crossed. He repeats th maneuver, each time giving the chains another twist, unti he’s close enough to brace his feet against the wall. The PULLS until he’s screaming in agony.
110) 0) text: Dastan is barely conscious. His chains haven’t budged. The distant NOISE of a door closing half-rouses him. Dastan’s lips are parched, his eyes glassy and delirious.
110) 1) dialog: Tamina.. Tamina... Nizam’s guards enter and unchain him from the wall. Dasta is limp and unresisting, unaware of what’s happening.
111) 0) text: Prisoners stare through the bars as the guards drag Dasta his execution. The cells are packed with MEN of Alamut, sullen and fierce. Farood, slumped disconsolately in a cell with the other nomads is appalled to recognize Dastan. 110.
111) 4) dialog: Get his keys! Nomad hands reach through the bars, frisk the guard.
113) 0) text: Dastan fights desperately, outnumbered. Farood comes up triumphantly holding KEYS.
113) 2) dialog: So open something!! Farood methodically tries one key after the next to open nomads’ cell, while Dastan battles to stay alive.
113) 8) dialog: No. These men are prisoners because of me. I ama king’s son.
113) 10) dialog: Men of Alamut, hear me! It is Dastan, prince of Nasaf, who calls to you! Farood winces-- this delusion is worse than he thought. T men of Alamut react with angry mutters that swell dangerously.
113) 11) dialog: Well may you hate me-- as a foreigner, as an invader. Were I in your place, my blood would cry out for vengeance for your conquered land. Farood is startled as it dawns on him. Dastan is a prince His expression transforms to one of respect and awe.
113) 12) dialog: Yet my land too is conquered-- from within, by a vile usurper. Help me defeat him, and I will give you back your kingdom. I swear it in the name of my father, Shahraman! Dastan pauses for effect. Farood whispers in his ear: 113.
113) 14) dialog: (with hand gestures) Fight them! No, them! A full scale battle erupts.
114) 0) text: Dastan, Farood and the nomads emerge through a narrow doo onto the citadel embankment, above the river. Farood breathes in the free air-- Dastan pushes him down just in time to dodge a hail of arrows. Nasaf SOLDIERS on horseback ride to intercept the Dastan and the nomad bandits throw themselves into a pitc battle. The Giant Bandit fights three soldiers at once; h plucks one from the saddle and hurls him to an icy fate i the river below. Dastan gets hold of the horse and swings into the saddle.
114) 1) dialog: Farood. Hold them as long as you can.
114) 3) dialog: Farood! I need to save her!
115) 3) dialog: 
115) 5) dialog: You always said you’d beat me if it were a real fight instead of a contest; now’s your chance. Two more GUARDS arrive and fit arrows to their bows, read shoot Dastan. Garsiv holds up a hand.
115) 7) dialog: She’s not a Slave-Girl. (draws his sword) She’s a princess. And he charges. The two fighters fall upon one another in fury of steel-on-steel. It’s a perfect match of skill, determination and mutual hatred. Back and forth they battle, trading blows and parries. Dastan is quicker but Garsiv is the stronger. With every blow, Dastan loses a little edge. Garsiv gradually begins force Dastan backwards, toward the edge of the pit... TAMINA struggles against the two Guards holding her tight Garsiv gives Dastan a vicious kick to the stomach that se him to the ground. Garsiv smiles, moving in for the kill.
116) 2) dialog: No, this is your destiny! --and Dastan clobbers him with both feet, a human counterweight descending on the other end of the rope. 117. Nizam is sent sprawling... the dagger lands on the rocks, of both of their reach. Nizam gets to his feet, scowling. He draws both his sword Dastan draws his one. They square off to duel. Nizam’s two sword technique is unlike any fighting style we've seen. He wields the swords with such skill and dexterity that Dastan struggles to defend himself.
116) 4) dialog: Not so confident with only one blade? But then.. Dastan coughs. Blood trickles from his mouth. looks down: Nizam has drawn a hidden short sword with his other hand plunged it into Dastan’s side, mortally wounding him. He tricked Dastan.
116) 11) dialog: Noll! Dastan hears her screams echo into the distance as she fa With every last bit of his strength, he pulls himself up. Nizam climbs the steps to the hourglass. He takes out the dagger and raises it high... He strikes! Just then... DASTAN lunges into frame, grabbing his hand to stop him. late. Nizam plunges the dagger into the glass blade-first
116) 14) text: Becomes a blur through which we catch quick glimpses of action: Dastan fighting Garsiv, Tus’s murder on the bridg Tamina and Dastan’s kiss... All the while, SAND keeps pouring from the hourglass-- no a torrent, swept by the gathering wind into a blinding SANDSTORM that threatens to grow out of control and becom apocalyptic... DASTAN, as if stunned by a concussion, shakes himself awa to realize he’s there with Nizam, in the bright ROARING center of the sandstorm. Nizam, in ecstasy, holds the dagger in place -- SAND pour out of what is no longer the hourglass, but a CRACK in th very surface of the universe. The wind sweeps up the sand it pours out, adding to the storm. Savagely, Nizam pries Dastan’s hand from the dagger. Dast hangs on, too weak to fight back. The wind rips at him; i he lets go, he’ll be sucked into oblivion. Nizam gives Dastan a sharp elbow. Dastan loses his grip a is nearly swept off by the wind-- but he keeps a hold. Dastan looks down, sees blood soaking his tunic. His life ebbing away; he can’t hang on much longer. Then, out of the maelstrom of events REWINDING all around them, an IMPLOSION of light in the dawn sky attracts Dast attention. Hazily looking up, he sees a flaming arrow arc backward through the sky: the opening battle. Dastan summons the last of his strength and will. Bearing down on Nizam’s arm, he PULLS OUT THE DAGGER. In that instant, the crack in the hourglass repairs itsel Before Nizam can recover, the SANDSTORM sweeps both him a Dastan into the void... For a few moments, SAND is all we see and hear. Then, lit by little, the SANDSTORM starts to clear... Dastan looks around. At first he can’t tell where he is. The sand is everywhere. In his teeth, in his hair. He searches himself for the dagger. He doesn’t have it. Gradually he starts to make out other figures nearby. Persian soldiers, shouting in the wind. Horses whinny.. With a shock of dread, Dastan realizes--— 120.
117) 1) dialog: No! Nol!
119) 0) text: Tus raises his sword and lets out a WAR CRY, exactly repeating his action of the opening sequence. From the ra rises a blood-curdling noise as thousands of voices join Only one thing has changed: Dastan. Outwardly he’s the same, but his faces shows a new maturity and resolve. He knows what he must do. Dastan looks to the ramparts and sees the flaming arrow launched into the air.
119) 1) dialog: No. He rides toward Tus, shouting--
119) 2) dialog: Tus! Call off the attack! The arrow explodes into a shower of brilliant fireworks, illuminating the scene like a lightning flash. Nizam, on horseback, suddenly blocks Dastan’s way. He strikes, nearly knocking Dastan off his horse. Dastan tries to ride past but Nizam maneuvers to block hi only these two men know what’s at stake. 121. They clash on horseback-- Dastan parries Nizam’s double- bladed attack. The duel begins... while around them the A archers begin to pick off Persian soldiers, creating chao before. Tus, in the vanguard, looks around and sees-- Dastan and Nizam dueling. His face contorts with anger.
119) 4) dialog: fight furiously. As before, Dastan’s on the defensive. A growing circle of onlookers gathers, uncertain whether to intervene.
119) 6) dialog: He’s lying! The battlefield around them is chaos-- soldiers felled by arrows, catapults erupting in FLAMES. Nizam’s personal guards ride toward the dueling pair. A handful of common footsoldiers block their way with spear
119) 9) dialog: Tus, call off the attack! It’s a trick. Nizam lied to us.
119) 12) dialog: No. Tus can’t believe Dastan’s insubordination.
119) 14) dialog: We have no reason to attack Alamut. Our victory will bring us disaster. Menacingly, Tus draws his own sword.
119) 16) dialog: Kill me if you must. But call off the attack-- for Alamut is blameless. Dastan advances, making it easier for Tus to kill him.
119) 17) dialog: Tus, do you remember Father’s words to you on a the day we left for war? ‘A king must listen always to the voice of reason.’
119) 19) dialog: ‘..but also listen to your heart.’ Tus stares at him. Dastan meets his gaze, calmly resolute This is not the younger brother he knew. It’s as if Dasta matured overnight. Tus turns and shouts--
122) 0) text: A Persian delegation, Tus, the twins, Dastan and forty soldiers, marches past Alamut soldiers standing at attent The King of Alamut and his court awaits them on a dais.