19) 0) text: The sun sets behind the gleaming spires and domes of the royal city of NASAF. TILT DOWN to REVEAL the dusty carava finally arriving home. The returning soldiers are met by a cheering crowd. The Captain of the Guards, GARSIV (a young hotshot) stand attention for the returning nobles. His expression sours when Dastan comes abreast of him: the two are about the s age, and clearly have some history.
19) 1) dialog: No injuries, Dastan? Didn’t your brothers let you fight?
22) 0) text: KING SHAHRAMAN enters with his entourage. Gray-bearded in silk robes, he’s the aged ruin of a once-powerful warrior All bow deeply as he passes. AT THE DIAS everyone gathers and takes his place.. Garsiv, Captain of the Guards stands sentry behind the throne. Nizam steps to the fore ahead of the princes.
22) 37) dialog: You’ve killed your father!
22) 39) dialog: (shouts ) Prince Dastan has killed the king! Guards rip Dastan away from Shahraman. While he struggles Garsiv and other guards attempt to remove the King’s robe but only intensify his death agony.
22) 42) dialog: Murderer! The Twins draw their swords as well. All eyes are on Dast
25) 4) text: A dozen of the King’s HORSEMEN led by Garsiv ride out, trapping Tamina and Dastan. They’re the best-trained, most formidable military unit i Persia. Normally everyone flees from them. Instead, Dasta rides straight at them. He dodges right -- then left -- and slips by: Magic Johns on horseback. The resulting moment of disarray lets Tamin charge past on the other side and out the entrance.
25) 5) dialog: Close the gate! As the GUARDS relay Garsiv’s command like an echo, the do horsemen turn around as one to give chase.
26) 0) text: The two fugitives gallop toward the great, lowering iron gate, Garsiv’s posse on their heels. Tamina’s larger and faster horse gets there first. Dastan catches a glimpse of her nimbly swinging sideways in her saddle to avoid decapitation as she rides under the closi gate. Impressive. But it looks like the gate will close before Dastan gets there. To make matters worse, four FOOTSOLDIE range out in front of it, with spears raised to impale hi Dastan’s eyes narrow. Redoubling his speed, he charges on and SHATTERS a spear with his sword, opening space to pas He swings halfway off his horse and narrowly squeezes through. The gate closes, sealing in Garsiv’s men.
26) 1) dialog: Open the gate!! The soldiers raise the gate they just closed. Garsiv’s posse, which has swelled to forty riders, charges through
27) 2) dialog: Shoot the horse! Dastan, half upside-down, registers alarm on hearing this As the archer fires, Dastan pops back up in his saddle an pulls up the reins -- causing the arrow to miss. Dastan escapes into a narrow GULLY, forcing his pursuers follow single file. Descending the steep gully, Dastan discovers the true gif his undersized mount -- he’s a mountain horse. The sure- footed animal rapidly regains the ground he lost. Reckles tackling the treacherous slope, Dastan emerges onto a bro plateau -- ahead of Tamina. Dastan’s pursuers benefit from the shortcut as well. As t pour out of the gully they land right on Tamina. She weav trying to shake them, but can’t escape. Dastan looks back, sees Tamina in trouble. He slows. A mistake. Within moments he too is boxed in by soldiers on all sides. He can’t get to Tamina. To Dastan’s left runs the sheer canyon wall. As his horse draws up alongside it, he STANDS, perching on the saddle a circus rider -- then RUNS up the wall, using the horse' galloping momentum to GRAB an overhanging shrub. The soldiers are left herding a riderless horse. Dastan launches off the wall and DROPS onto one of the ri harassing Tamina, shoves him out of the saddle and takes place. Drawing his sword, he fights his way toward Tamina knocking off the soldiers one by one. 28. Suddenly Dastan’s trapped between two riders: Garsiv on h left, another on his right. In a blinding series of sword clashes, Garsiv forces Dastan to parry repeatedly... leav himself wide open to the soldier on his right.
32) 0) text: Garsiv strides in, dusty from the chase. Nizam and the Tw look up from their conference.
32) 1) dialog: My lords, he has the luck of the devil himself.
32) 4) dialog: He wasn’t alone, my Prince; there was a girl... As soon as the words are out of his mouth, Garsiv regrets them. His face burns with shame.
32) 11) dialog: Right away, my lord. Garsiv is out for blood. Nizam notes his eagerness.
46) 0) text: A SCOUT PATROL of half a dozen men rides down from the mountains to rejoin a FULL REGIMENT of the Persian army-- hundreds of horsemen with a well-equipped supply train. NIZAM and GARSIV Are approached by the SCOUT CHIEF, holding Dastan’s brace
46) 3) dialog: His brother Tus stands between him and the crown. We must prevent him from getting there!
50) 14) dialog: Keep looking. He’s close. I can feel it. The Soldier salutes and takes off running. Garsiv turns to move on and bumps into a BOY in rags, knocking him down.
50) 15) dialog: Watch where you’re going, boy. ANGLE ON THE BOY: TAMINA. A pair of hands swiftly pulls her clear of the soldiers’ feet.. Dastan averts his face as he leads her away. Garsiv turns and watches their departing backs suspicious Something familiar but.. he moves on to continue his sear
51) 0) text: The Soldiers of Nasaf have occupied the three-story home the wealthiest merchant in town. Nizam is sipping tea in the tiled courtyard when Garsiv tromps in after a fruitless day of searching.
51) 1) dialog: No luck today. But tomorrow--
51) 3) dialog: My lord, I believe Dastan is hiding in the wilderness nearby and that if we wait-- 53.
56) 0) text: Garsiv strides down the street with half a dozen soldiers He’s in a foul mood after his conversation with Nizam.
58) 5) dialog: Far from suspicious, Garsiv seems perversely amused by th spectacle onstage. He turns to his LIEUTENANT.
58) 6) dialog: Pretty girl. A pity she can’t dance.
58) 12) dialog: Whatever that girl costs -- pay it. TAMINA and DASTAN She’s outdoing herself, making Dastan the target of an er floor show that has riveted the whole room.
59) 3) dialog: steps into the light. His soldiers fan out in a semi-circ cutting off her escape.
59) 4) dialog: A magnificent dancer and a horse thief. You have so many talents, Slave-Girl. Tamina quietly hides the dagger in the small of her back.
59) 6) dialog: Yes, you will. 61. Garsiv nods to the soldiers who seize her roughly.
60) 0) text: SOLDIERS sweep through the gate on horseback. Garsiv dismounts and approaches one of the guards.
60) 1) dialog: Where is Nizam?
60) 3) dialog: Send for him. He’ll want to be woken for this.
62) 0) text: Tamina stands in the center of the room, her wrists bound together. A pair of guards flank the door. Garsiv paces around her.
62) 1) dialog: Where is Dastan?
62) 3) dialog: Why do you go on protecting him? He’s no longer a Prince. He’s nothing. Powerless.
62) 5) dialog: You have a sharp tongue, Slave- Girl. I’1l need to cure it if I’m going to keep you. Garsiv snaps his fingers and a Guard hands him a ROPE. Tamina watches nervously as he knots it to her wrists, th throws the other end over a rafter. He pulls it tight unt her arms are stretched up and she’s forced onto her toes. She grimaces.
62) 6) dialog: I‘ll give you a little time to get comfortable. If you’re still not cooperative when I get back, we'll play some other games... He ties the rope off to a cleat on the wall, then departs along with the guards.
64) 0) text: Tamina is tied up where Garsiv left her. She rubs and twi her wrists together in a desperate effort to fray the rop It’s no use. Suddenly a movement outside the window catches her eye. S turns and sees...
65) 0) text: Garsiv leads Nizam (just dressed) up the stairs.
65) 1) dialog: I tell you, my Lord, it’s the self- same girl... They arrive at the door to the chamber and Garsiv throws open. They enter and discover that it is.. empty. A beat. 68.
65) 2) dialog: Dastan!
69) 0) text: Nizam, Garsiv and their regiment ride in through the gate Tus awaits them, trembling with emotion. Nizam dismounts, his expression sorrowful and compassionate.
71) 0) text: A MASSIVE EXCAVATION PROJECT is under way in the main courtyard. HUNDREDS of SLAVES overseen by soldiers dig a at the entrance of the temple, where the SACRED FOUNTAIN shattered into pieces. REVEAL NIZAM and GARSIV Surveying the excavation from a battlement.
71) 1) dialog: King Tus is eager to return to Nasaf, my Lord. Why do you persist in this fruitless search for secret armories? 72.
71) 3) dialog: So long as I am to be made general of the armies, I care not. But I am anxious about Dastan and the girl. If they were to reach the King...
79) 0) text: A MESSENGER comes running up to Garsiv.
79) 2) dialog: Dastan? Are you sure it’s him? Where is he?
82) 0) text: Garsiv stares in rage at the open door.
82) 1) dialog: 
85) 0) text: Nizam turns from the dig as Garsiv strides to meet him.
85) 1) dialog: My lord. Dastan is in Alamut.
98) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina make a mad dash across the bridge. They more than halfway there when MORE SOLDIERS appear on the side, led by Garsiv. Dastan comes to a skidding stop. He looks back: they’re trapped on a long, narrow stone bridge between two armies, above a vertigo-inducing ravin plunging ten thousand feet below.
98) 8) text: A soldier (call him the EXECUTIONER) mounts the parapet w Dastan tied the rope. He draws a wicked scimitar. Checks with Garsiv, who nods: do it. The Executioner raises his sword high-- and CHOPS! DASTAN and TAMINA are shaken. One more cut will sever the rope.
100) 0) text: Garsiv stares down into the gorge, dumbfounded, at the em rope swinging below the bridge. They’ve escaped him. 96.
108) 0) text: Thunder rumbles in an ominous sky. Tus, Dastan and Tamina stride across the bridge accompanied by royal GUARDS with torches. Nizam appears at the end of the bridge with his own detachment of elite GUARDS led by Garsiv.
108) 8) dialog: Your sword... A CLATTERING OF HOOVES signals the arrival of the detachm of trusted soldiers with the CAPTAIN sent to fetch them.
108) 12) dialog: This is the daughter of our enemy! He would have conspired with her to lead the people of this city against us! An angry murmur rises from among the detachment of soldie eager for revenge on their king’s murderer.
112) 0) text: Garsiv enters and gazes at Tamina seated on low cushions, wrists bound. Without taking his eyes off of her, he spea to the guard: 111.
112) 1) dialog: Untie her. And leave us.
115) 2) dialog: She is a demon! I’11 throw her into the pit myself!
115) 4) dialog: He turns as Dastan rides up and leaps from his horse. 115.
115) 6) dialog: No. I want to kill him myself. (to Dastan) I’ve waited a long time for this moment, Dastan. And I’m going to let your Slave-Girl live just long enough to watch you die... He draws his sword.
115) 8) dialog: This is not a tournament Dastan. Your fancy tricks won’t save you now. Dastan scrambles to his feet in time to block the attack he’s on his heels, his back to the edge of the massive pi With a powerful blow, Garsiv knocks Dastan’s sword from h hand. Dastan is helpless, on the brink of the precipice. Garsiv takes one last big, two-handed swing at Dastan, ai to cut him in half. Dastan does an impossible back bend o the pit, like a limbo dancer, hanging by his toes... 116. SWOOSH! Garsiv’s sword slices air inches above Dastan’s nose! His momentum carries Garsiv around like a baseball slugger missing a strike... Dastan spins low on one pivot foot, extending the opposit leg... hitting GARSIV at the back of the knees-- TOPPLING over the cliff edge face forwards! Tamina’s GUARDS step forward with a gasp, as if they coul catch Garsiv.. MISTAKE. Tamina plucks a sword from a Guard’s belt. In a flash, sh strikes them down. The other two Guards turn to face her, warily. Dastan scrambles to his feet and starts to come to her aid--
116) 14) text: Becomes a blur through which we catch quick glimpses of action: Dastan fighting Garsiv, Tus’s murder on the bridg Tamina and Dastan’s kiss... All the while, SAND keeps pouring from the hourglass-- no a torrent, swept by the gathering wind into a blinding SANDSTORM that threatens to grow out of control and becom apocalyptic... DASTAN, as if stunned by a concussion, shakes himself awa to realize he’s there with Nizam, in the bright ROARING center of the sandstorm. Nizam, in ecstasy, holds the dagger in place -- SAND pour out of what is no longer the hourglass, but a CRACK in th very surface of the universe. The wind sweeps up the sand it pours out, adding to the storm. Savagely, Nizam pries Dastan’s hand from the dagger. Dast hangs on, too weak to fight back. The wind rips at him; i he lets go, he’ll be sucked into oblivion. Nizam gives Dastan a sharp elbow. Dastan loses his grip a is nearly swept off by the wind-- but he keeps a hold. Dastan looks down, sees blood soaking his tunic. His life ebbing away; he can’t hang on much longer. Then, out of the maelstrom of events REWINDING all around them, an IMPLOSION of light in the dawn sky attracts Dast attention. Hazily looking up, he sees a flaming arrow arc backward through the sky: the opening battle. Dastan summons the last of his strength and will. Bearing down on Nizam’s arm, he PULLS OUT THE DAGGER. In that instant, the crack in the hourglass repairs itsel Before Nizam can recover, the SANDSTORM sweeps both him a Dastan into the void... For a few moments, SAND is all we see and hear. Then, lit by little, the SANDSTORM starts to clear... Dastan looks around. At first he can’t tell where he is. The sand is everywhere. In his teeth, in his hair. He searches himself for the dagger. He doesn’t have it. Gradually he starts to make out other figures nearby. Persian soldiers, shouting in the wind. Horses whinny.. With a shock of dread, Dastan realizes--— 120.