11) 0) text: Dastan lands; GUARDS rush him. He flips one, sends the ne plummeting down the shaft -- grabs a crank lever--
14) 0) text: A courtyard of austere and exotic Eastern beauty. At the end stands a temple with a sacred FOUNTAIN guarded by sto lions -- all carved out of a massive block of pure white marble. A flood of Persian soldiers soon overwhelms the defenders
19) 0) text: The sun sets behind the gleaming spires and domes of the royal city of NASAF. TILT DOWN to REVEAL the dusty carava finally arriving home. The returning soldiers are met by a cheering crowd. The Captain of the Guards, GARSIV (a young hotshot) stand attention for the returning nobles. His expression sours when Dastan comes abreast of him: the two are about the s age, and clearly have some history.
22) 0) text: KING SHAHRAMAN enters with his entourage. Gray-bearded in silk robes, he’s the aged ruin of a once-powerful warrior All bow deeply as he passes. AT THE DIAS everyone gathers and takes his place.. Garsiv, Captain of the Guards stands sentry behind the throne. Nizam steps to the fore ahead of the princes.
34) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina watch the caravan below, and more soldi riding toward the pass. Intent on the problem, they don’t notice the ARCHER above drawing a bead on them.. until Tamina turns with a gasp. It’s a 12 year-old SHEPHERD BOY, guarding his flock. Dastan makes a friendly “excuse us” gesture, and hustles Tamina along. Fiercely scowling, the boy keeps the bow an arrow trained on them as they pass. Seized by an afterthought, Dastan turns back...
60) 0) text: SOLDIERS sweep through the gate on horseback. Garsiv dismounts and approaches one of the guards.
60) 2) dialog: Asleep, sir.
62) 0) text: Tamina stands in the center of the room, her wrists bound together. A pair of guards flank the door. Garsiv paces around her.
63) 0) text: A pair of SOLDIERS guard the gate surrounding the compoun Farood approaches, a bottle in hand, weaving slightly.
104) 0) text: Tus and his bodyguards stride across the great hall. A YO GUARD steps forward and bows.
104) 1) dialog: My King. Nizam sends word that he would speak with you.
105) 0) text: STEAM fills the room. The King’s guards watch the ATTENDA prepare the bath in a centuries-old Eastern ritual.
105) 18) dialog: He’s got a knife. --and hits the JEWEL. BOOM!! TIME STANDS STILL.
107) 0) text: The guards close in on Dastan, just as they did before. T whirls, bewildered by deja vu: what’s happening here? As he did before, Dastan dramatically holds the dagger to own throat -- unaware that the final rewind has already happened and that the dagger is empty.
108) 0) text: Thunder rumbles in an ominous sky. Tus, Dastan and Tamina stride across the bridge accompanied by royal GUARDS with torches. Nizam appears at the end of the bridge with his own detachment of elite GUARDS led by Garsiv.
109) 0) text: Tamina and Dastan are shoved into a cell and chained to t wall. The guards exit. Nizam steps forward and lifts the DAGGER from Dastan’s be His eyes glint with greed as he caresses it..
111) 0) text: Prisoners stare through the bars as the guards drag Dasta his execution. The cells are packed with MEN of Alamut, sullen and fierce. Farood, slumped disconsolately in a cell with the other nomads is appalled to recognize Dastan. 110.
112) 0) text: Garsiv enters and gazes at Tamina seated on low cushions, wrists bound. Without taking his eyes off of her, he spea to the guard: 111.
115) 0) text: Guards open the door to an iron CAGE suspended with ropes pulleys over the pit. Nizam steps inside and they begin t lower him toward the hourglass...