0) 0) text: A medieval PERSIAN ARMY camped on a forbidding mountain slope, twelve thousand feet high. A group of battle-scarred SOLDIERS cluster around a pair men playing DICE, kibitzing and making side bets. A heap of trinkets and coins is piled on the ground. One the GAMBLERS is a big BRUTE with rotted and missing teeth produces a golden bangle and drops it in the pot. All eye turn to his opponent...
2) 1) dialog: Emerges from the morning fog. Thousands of men and horses A stunning, fearsome sight. Ahead, in the shadow of the mountain, a massive fortress rises from the mist like the home of the gods... THE CITADEL OF ALAMUT. Ancient, mysterious and impregnabl The common soldiers at Dastan’s side look shaken and make superstitious gestures to ward off evil.
5) 0) text: THE PERSIAN ARMY charges up the wide shaly slope. Tus, galloping ahead, lifts his sword and lets out a WAR From the ranks rises a blood-curdling NOISE as thousands voices join him. Then... A FLAMING ARROW is fired from the ramparts. All eyes turn skyward to follow its arc. At its apex, the arrow suddenly EXPLODES into a shower of brilliant white fireworks, illuminating the attacking arm
46) 0) text: A SCOUT PATROL of half a dozen men rides down from the mountains to rejoin a FULL REGIMENT of the Persian army-- hundreds of horsemen with a well-equipped supply train. NIZAM and GARSIV Are approached by the SCOUT CHIEF, holding Dastan’s brace
72) 0) text: Occupied by the Persian army, the citadel of Alamut stand exposed in broad daylight and shorn of its mystery. Soldiers stationed at the entrance do a thorough job of checking everyone who goes in or out. Farood and his noma wait on the bridge for their turn.
117) 0) text: He’s too late. We're reliving the opening battle. The Persian army is already charging toward Alamut-- repeatin the mistake with the inexorability of a nightmare.
120) 0) text: An Alamut PRIEST takes the dagger from an ornate box and about to entrust it to the Fearsome armored Warrior when- Alamut soldiers come running bearing news, shouting. The Priest looks out over a parapet. Below, the great wave of men moving toward the castle has stopped. The Persian army is turning around. The Priest looks at the dagger in his hand... utters a si PRAYER of thanks, and replaces it in its box. 124.