0) 0) text: A medieval PERSIAN ARMY camped on a forbidding mountain slope, twelve thousand feet high. A group of battle-scarred SOLDIERS cluster around a pair men playing DICE, kibitzing and making side bets. A heap of trinkets and coins is piled on the ground. One the GAMBLERS is a big BRUTE with rotted and missing teeth produces a golden bangle and drops it in the pot. All eye turn to his opponent...
0) 4) dialog: Careful friend. Nobody likes a sore loser.
0) 6) dialog: Let’s see how you like a beating then... Then he stops short because: THE POINT OF DASTAN’S DAGGER is an inch away from his fac We barely saw Dastan pull it out -- he’s that quick.
0) 9) dialog: (examines it warily) A roll of the dice?
0) 10) text: No, a test of skill-- I’1l take a single throw of the knife from fifteen paces. The Brutish Soldier raises an eyebrow. Fifteen paces is a long throw... he nods acceptance.
0) 15) dialog: My Lord... I-I had no idea.. please forgive me...
2) 0) text: A SERIES OF SHOTS: Footsoldiers on the move. Catapults pushed on wheels. The Persian Cavalry on horseback. PULL BACK TO REVEAL... an ever greater number of soldiers the army’s advance gains momentum...
2) 2) dialog: They say the Alamut are sorcerers. Black magic.
4) 0) text: A SENTRY beats a giant GONG. ALAMUT SOLDIERS run past shouting in Foreign.
6) 0) text: Like the ocean tide crashing against a sea wall, the firs wave of footsoldiers reaches the citadel. Ladders are thr up; men scale the walls-- ALAMUT SOLDIERS, rise from hiding to meet them with arrow and burning oil. Persian soldiers and ladders fall. The battlefield is chaos. All around, men are felled by arrows. Dastan spots the problem -- ninja-like ALAMUT SABOTEURS darting like shadows among the troops.
7) 0) text: Alamut SOLDIERS, fighting off the invaders, look up to se enemy soldier hurtling toward them like a cannonball. Whizzing over their heads, Dastan makes a desperate grab passing canvas awning. It RIPS -- but slows his flight as tears through a series of canvas awnings, one after anoth Dastan’s amazed he’s survived until... He runs out of awnings. Confronted with a FATAL DROP to t next rampart, he saves himself by grabbing the torn canva the last awning. On the rampart below, a trio of ARCHERS take aim. Dastan dangles in space, a prime target. Pushing off the stone wall with his feet, he struggles to climb the torn canvas. The first volley of arrows barely misses him. Dastan climbs faster. As he nears the top.. The canvas RIPS -- dropping him further than before and SLAMMING him into the wall. (Thanks to which, the second volley misses him too.) Dastan gets a new idea. He starts to “run” back and forth along the wall, swinging on the canvas to gain momentum. The cloth RIPS more. Not good. He’s hanging by a thread. His eye is on a nearby parapet: if he can swing to it...
8) 0) text: Persian soldiers on the narrow bridge leading to the cita run a BATTERING RAM into the iron gate. Heave-ho! BAM! And again. BAM! The battering ram SMASHES through the gat The triumphant horde storms through the vaulted entrance- Only to find themselves confronted by a SECOND GATE! A TORRENT OF ARROWS is unleashed on them from above. They'r trapped by the men rushing in; it’s a slaughter. 10.
10) 0) text: Dastan lands in a stone corridor. FIVE ALAMUT SOLDIERS converge on him. He draws his sword. And now we see Dastan fighting in his element. His style medieval Parkour; he uses walls, railings, statuary-- anything he can bounce, grab or roll off of for an advant Fighting him is like trying to grab hold of a bar of soap At one point, under double attack, Dastan reaches for his dagger-- only to find the sheath empty. Oh yeah, he gambl it away. CURSING, he ducks one blow while blocking anothe Dastan runs to the edge, looks down over the parapet. HIS POV: The main bridge below, clogged with soldiers. Beside him, thick rope cables rise from an open SHAFT.
12) 0) text: A CHEER erupts from the horde of Persian soldiers as the RAISES. Men pour into the citadel.
14) 0) text: A courtyard of austere and exotic Eastern beauty. At the end stands a temple with a sacred FOUNTAIN guarded by sto lions -- all carved out of a massive block of pure white marble. A flood of Persian soldiers soon overwhelms the defenders
16) 2) dialog: The horse! Get the horse! The soldiers run greedily past Dastan after the riderless horse, leaving him alone with the fallen warrior. Dastan removes the warrior’s helmet. His face is noble an in agony; worse than the mortal wound is the shame of his failure... Dastan removes his breastplate to give him air TAMINA’S POV - from a window above she looks down and see Dastan kneeling over the body. The young warrior tries to speak-- Dastan cranes closer t hear his last words -- too late. He’s dead. Dastan slumps to a seated position, spent. We HEAR the victorious Persian soldiers looting the city in the dista Dastan notices a cloth-wrapped bundle tucked into the dea warrior’s waistband, under his armor. He pulls it out. Unwraps it. It’s a ceremonial DAGGER with a glass handle encrusted wi precious stones. Ancient and otherwordly, as if it had be made by the gods, not men. 14. The glass handle is half-filled with a fine white sand, s naturally bright it glows. Dastan tilts it curiously, the way you might tilt an hourglass. Glad to have it, Dastan sheathes the dagger in his own em scabbard... ON TAMINA - her eyes burn with fury as she watches. Dasta clothes are charred and torn from his escapades-- she tak him for the lowest sort of thief, one who loots the bodie the dead for easy plunder.
17) 0) text: Dastan emerges and spots his brothers conferring with Niz amidst the crowd of soldiers. He approaches.
18) 0) text: A caravan of Persian SOLDIERS, HORSES and CAMELS wends it way down from the forbidding, icy mountain peaks. Dastan sits backward in his saddle, reading a book. Nizam rides up alongside.
19) 0) text: The sun sets behind the gleaming spires and domes of the royal city of NASAF. TILT DOWN to REVEAL the dusty carava finally arriving home. The returning soldiers are met by a cheering crowd. The Captain of the Guards, GARSIV (a young hotshot) stand attention for the returning nobles. His expression sours when Dastan comes abreast of him: the two are about the s age, and clearly have some history.
33) 0) text: With a thunder of hooves, soldiers of Nasaf descend on a CARAVAN of hundreds of travelers flowing through the pass The soldiers start grabbing people, searching for anyone remotely matching Dastan or Tamina’s description. 37.
36) 0) text: Tamina, dressed_as_a_shepherd boy, rides the boy’s mule a Dastan leads it. Dastan has shed his princely armor and looks like any common traveler. They join the throng of people and animals moving in both directions. As they approach the pass, Tamina tenses up on seeing the dozen SOLDIERS manning the checkpoint.
50) 13) dialog: No sign of them by the river, sir.
51) 0) text: The Soldiers of Nasaf have occupied the three-story home the wealthiest merchant in town. Nizam is sipping tea in the tiled courtyard when Garsiv tromps in after a fruitless day of searching.
56) 0) text: Garsiv strides down the street with half a dozen soldiers He’s in a foul mood after his conversation with Nizam.
60) 0) text: SOLDIERS sweep through the gate on horseback. Garsiv dismounts and approaches one of the guards.
63) 0) text: A pair of SOLDIERS guard the gate surrounding the compoun Farood approaches, a bottle in hand, weaving slightly.
71) 0) text: A MASSIVE EXCAVATION PROJECT is under way in the main courtyard. HUNDREDS of SLAVES overseen by soldiers dig a at the entrance of the temple, where the SACRED FOUNTAIN shattered into pieces. REVEAL NIZAM and GARSIV Surveying the excavation from a battlement.
72) 0) text: Occupied by the Persian army, the citadel of Alamut stand exposed in broad daylight and shorn of its mystery. Soldiers stationed at the entrance do a thorough job of checking everyone who goes in or out. Farood and his noma wait on the bridge for their turn.
72) 10) dialog: Stand back. The soldiers restrain Farood, who becomes agitated.
83) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina look back and see SOLDIERS pouring out the streets.
84) 0) text: The din of the market fades as Tamina and Dastan slip int the dark tunnel. Nobody there. It looks like maybe they’v escaped. Until they emerge on the other side and find... A PATROL of A DOZEN NASAF SOLDIERS. Dastan draws his swor MAN’S VOICE (0.S.) Put away your sword. Dastan turns and sees.. the BRUTISH SOLDIER he let keep t dagger in the opening scene. He approaches and looms over Dastan.
84) 1) dialog: Dastan is a great Prince of Nasaf. I know him personally. He wears only the finest clothes and armor. Jewels and gold. (MORE )
84) 3) dialog: (scornful) This man is clearly no prince. Let them go. One brave SOLDIER steps forward to object.
84) 4) dialog: But what if--
84) 5) dialog: I said: let them go. The soldier steps back, cowed. Dastan and the brute excha a brief glance. Dastan nods: the debt is squared.
98) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina make a mad dash across the bridge. They more than halfway there when MORE SOLDIERS appear on the side, led by Garsiv. Dastan comes to a skidding stop. He looks back: they’re trapped on a long, narrow stone bridge between two armies, above a vertigo-inducing ravin plunging ten thousand feet below.
98) 6) text: Dastan and Tamina swing uselessly back and forth, in a smaller arc each time. They’re trapped at the end of the rope. Hanging off a bridge that’s full of soldiers. Oops.
98) 8) text: A soldier (call him the EXECUTIONER) mounts the parapet w Dastan tied the rope. He draws a wicked scimitar. Checks with Garsiv, who nods: do it. The Executioner raises his sword high-- and CHOPS! DASTAN and TAMINA are shaken. One more cut will sever the rope.
102) 0) text: They race up stairs, through corridors, etc. Soldiers’ voices echo, seemingly around every corner, but they see nobody.
114) 0) text: Dastan, Farood and the nomads emerge through a narrow doo onto the citadel embankment, above the river. Farood breathes in the free air-- Dastan pushes him down just in time to dodge a hail of arrows. Nasaf SOLDIERS on horseback ride to intercept the Dastan and the nomad bandits throw themselves into a pitc battle. The Giant Bandit fights three soldiers at once; h plucks one from the saddle and hurls him to an icy fate i the river below. Dastan gets hold of the horse and swings into the saddle.
116) 14) text: Becomes a blur through which we catch quick glimpses of action: Dastan fighting Garsiv, Tus’s murder on the bridg Tamina and Dastan’s kiss... All the while, SAND keeps pouring from the hourglass-- no a torrent, swept by the gathering wind into a blinding SANDSTORM that threatens to grow out of control and becom apocalyptic... DASTAN, as if stunned by a concussion, shakes himself awa to realize he’s there with Nizam, in the bright ROARING center of the sandstorm. Nizam, in ecstasy, holds the dagger in place -- SAND pour out of what is no longer the hourglass, but a CRACK in th very surface of the universe. The wind sweeps up the sand it pours out, adding to the storm. Savagely, Nizam pries Dastan’s hand from the dagger. Dast hangs on, too weak to fight back. The wind rips at him; i he lets go, he’ll be sucked into oblivion. Nizam gives Dastan a sharp elbow. Dastan loses his grip a is nearly swept off by the wind-- but he keeps a hold. Dastan looks down, sees blood soaking his tunic. His life ebbing away; he can’t hang on much longer. Then, out of the maelstrom of events REWINDING all around them, an IMPLOSION of light in the dawn sky attracts Dast attention. Hazily looking up, he sees a flaming arrow arc backward through the sky: the opening battle. Dastan summons the last of his strength and will. Bearing down on Nizam’s arm, he PULLS OUT THE DAGGER. In that instant, the crack in the hourglass repairs itsel Before Nizam can recover, the SANDSTORM sweeps both him a Dastan into the void... For a few moments, SAND is all we see and hear. Then, lit by little, the SANDSTORM starts to clear... Dastan looks around. At first he can’t tell where he is. The sand is everywhere. In his teeth, in his hair. He searches himself for the dagger. He doesn’t have it. Gradually he starts to make out other figures nearby. Persian soldiers, shouting in the wind. Horses whinny.. With a shock of dread, Dastan realizes--— 120.
119) 7) dialog: Oh no. This stays a fair fight. In a bold and desperate move, Dastan stands up on his sad and launches himself at Nizam, knocking him off his horse They roll together on the ground. Nizam lands on his back Dastan straddling him, sword raised-- Tus arrives on horseback, forcing his way through the cir
120) 0) text: An Alamut PRIEST takes the dagger from an ornate box and about to entrust it to the Fearsome armored Warrior when- Alamut soldiers come running bearing news, shouting. The Priest looks out over a parapet. Below, the great wave of men moving toward the castle has stopped. The Persian army is turning around. The Priest looks at the dagger in his hand... utters a si PRAYER of thanks, and replaces it in its box. 124.
122) 0) text: A Persian delegation, Tus, the twins, Dastan and forty soldiers, marches past Alamut soldiers standing at attent The King of Alamut and his court awaits them on a dais.