3) 0) text: Gossamer curtains billow in the breeze. A girl tosses in fitful sleep. Smooth limbs, long black hair -- the darkne offers only a tantalizing hint of the beauty that is TAMI A GONG rings out. Tamina awakens, alarmed.
13) 0) text: Tamina gazes out the window. A HANDMAID bursts in.
13) 2) dialog: What? How did this happen?
13) 4) dialog: There is far more at stake than my safety. The Handmaid bows her head in acknowledgment. Tamina rema calm and self-possessed. 12.
13) 5) dialog: Send word to collapse the passages to the Hourglass. And have the dagger brought to me.
20) 1) dialog: Is part of a group of newbie SLAVE GIRLS being prepped by stern MATRON who makes last minute adjustments to each gi attire before sending her out with an hors d’oeuvre tray. The Matron frowns at Tamina’s outfit, tugs at it to revea more cleavage. Tamina, indignant, seems about to slap her then remembering where she is, submits. Her face burns as the Matron sends her forth with a pat on the ass. FOLLOW the slave girls as they mix into the crowd... and PAST them, to a roped-off royal dais where...
20) 5) dialog: As she struggles under the weight of the tray. It is unexpectedly lifted from her hands by:
20) 8) dialog: I have seen you before, you son of a dog. You steal from the dead. I curse your eyes. Dastan laughs modestly, not comprehending a word.
20) 11) dialog: As the Matron catches her without a tray and sends her roughly back to the kitchen.
21) 0) text: Tamina ducks out of the line of slaves and doubles back toward the banquet hall.
24) 1) dialog: She stands by the window, holding a rope made of knotted sheets. Obviously preparing her own escape.
24) 3) dialog: Go!
25) 0) text: Dastan lands with a thud at the bottom of the sheet-rope. Tamina tumbles down on top of him just as he tries to get Tamina leaps to her feet. Dastan is slower getting up.
25) 4) text: A dozen of the King’s HORSEMEN led by Garsiv ride out, trapping Tamina and Dastan. They’re the best-trained, most formidable military unit i Persia. Normally everyone flees from them. Instead, Dasta rides straight at them. He dodges right -- then left -- and slips by: Magic Johns on horseback. The resulting moment of disarray lets Tamin charge past on the other side and out the entrance.
26) 0) text: The two fugitives gallop toward the great, lowering iron gate, Garsiv’s posse on their heels. Tamina’s larger and faster horse gets there first. Dastan catches a glimpse of her nimbly swinging sideways in her saddle to avoid decapitation as she rides under the closi gate. Impressive. But it looks like the gate will close before Dastan gets there. To make matters worse, four FOOTSOLDIE range out in front of it, with spears raised to impale hi Dastan’s eyes narrow. Redoubling his speed, he charges on and SHATTERS a spear with his sword, opening space to pas He swings halfway off his horse and narrowly squeezes through. The gate closes, sealing in Garsiv’s men.
27) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina gallop out of the walled city and strik out toward the hills with the king’s men in pursuit. A full moon illuminates the rough terrain. Tamina leads t way over a series of increasingly treacherous jumps. 27.
27) 3) dialog: Dastan, look out! Dastan BLOCKS the right-hand soldier’s blow in the nick o time. Garsiv turns to see Tamina riding up on his own lef Dastan doesn’t waste a moment. He scrambles across Garsiv saddle and joins Tamina on hers. Garsiv spins furiously t stop him-- too slow. They take off at a gallop.
27) 6) dialog: This horse is faster!
27) 8) dialog: What are you doing?! Dastan sets his jaw. Gallops straight toward the edge -- And LEAPS out into empty space. 29. The cliff is not quite sheer, just very steep. Incredibly the horse hits the nearly vertical slope at a gallop -- straight downhill. All the King’s horses stop at the edge. Garsiv, in a fren beats his horse, urging it on. But it refuses to continue Dastan and Tamina hang on as the sure-footed mountain hor gallops down, skirting rocks and potholes where a single misstep could mean death, until they reach the canyon flo Garsiv, stranded at the top of the cliff, watches in help fury as his quarry disappears into the canyon.
28) 0) text: A shallow river flows between sheer canyon walls. They ri Tamina is quiet and impassive. Dastan thinks aloud.
28) 2) dialog: Where did the poisoned robe come from?
28) 4) dialog: And who inherits the throne upon your father’s death?
29) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina, together again on horseback, ride asho as they did the first time. Tamina is repeating:
29) 1) dialog: «who inherits the throne upon your father’s death? Dastan jumps off the horse in confusion and terror, backs away from Tamina as if she’s a witch.
29) 2) dialog: What’s wrong?
29) 5) dialog: I am Tamina, daughter of Sarkander, King of Alamut.
29) 7) dialog: Give back what you have stolen. Dastan studies the dagger. The jewel gleams on its hilt, just above where a hand would normally grasp the dagger. if he grasps it this way, as he did when he snatched it u
29) 8) dialog: Don’t! She makes a grab for the dagger -- Dastan presses the jew CLICK! Again, sand pours from the handle -- STOPPING TIME REWIND! ! Back through time, reversing the preceding acti This time, Dastan is more aware of what’s happening. It’s if he’s stepped outside himself, outside space and time, a different dimension from which he can watch the rewind. looks down at the dagger in his hand -- just as the last the sand drains out, leaving the glass handle empty.
30) 0) text: TIME RESUMES a moment before Tamina swings her sword at h This time Dastan draws his sword and blocks the blow. She tries to duel him but he’s the stronger swordsman. He disarms her and sends her sprawling to the ground. He glances down -- to his amazement, his wound has vanish
30) 2) dialog: Again? Her gaze flies to the dagger in Dastan’s belt.
30) 3) dialog: The dagger.. you’ve used up all the sand! Dastan checks the dagger. Indeed, its glass handle is emp
30) 5) dialog: (catches herself) Everybody from Alamut knows the myth... Tamina prostrates herself, avoiding his eyes.
30) 6) dialog: I’m merely a foolish Slave-Girl. Forgive me for striking at you Prince. I sought to escape. Dastan looks down, lets her grovel. He realizes she has n memory of having revealed her true identity to him. a lit smile creeps over his face.
31) 0) text: Tamina sweats, building up the fire while Dastan lounges.
31) 3) dialog: (through gritted teeth) No, my lord. She kneels to clean his boots. Dastan takes out the dagge and holds it in front of her, watching to see her reactio
31) 5) dialog: Only that it is worthless now that it’s empty. 34. Dastan presses the jewel again and again. Indeed, nothing happens. Suspicious, he puts it back in his belt. She finishes with one boot. He lifts the other and places in front of her; he watches her intently, trying to guess whatever it is she’s NOT telling him. Outside the sky begins to lighten.
31) 7) dialog: Go where?
31) 9) dialog: How will you reach him with the entire Persian army looking for you?
31) 11) dialog: You don’t even speak our language... He hesitates.
31) 12) dialog: I know the secret passageways, the back alleys, the local streets of Alamut.. I can help you. He turns back toward her, considering.
31) 15) dialog: You knew? And you made me clean your boots!? He grins and swings up into the saddle behind her.
33) 0) text: With a thunder of hooves, soldiers of Nasaf descend on a CARAVAN of hundreds of travelers flowing through the pass The soldiers start grabbing people, searching for anyone remotely matching Dastan or Tamina’s description. 37.
34) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina watch the caravan below, and more soldi riding toward the pass. Intent on the problem, they don’t notice the ARCHER above drawing a bead on them.. until Tamina turns with a gasp. It’s a 12 year-old SHEPHERD BOY, guarding his flock. Dastan makes a friendly “excuse us” gesture, and hustles Tamina along. Fiercely scowling, the boy keeps the bow an arrow trained on them as they pass. Seized by an afterthought, Dastan turns back...
34) 1) dialog: What?
36) 0) text: Tamina, dressed_as_a_shepherd boy, rides the boy’s mule a Dastan leads it. Dastan has shed his princely armor and looks like any common traveler. They join the throng of people and animals moving in both directions. As they approach the pass, Tamina tenses up on seeing the dozen SOLDIERS manning the checkpoint.
37) 0) text: The blazing sun beats down on the parched earth as the caravan crosses the desert. Pilgrims, merchants, dervishe civil servants... a panorama of medieval Persia. Pale and weak, Tamina sways in the saddle, tied in place turban cloth. A SERVANT from a group of wealthier Persians passing by offers Dastan a water-skin. He takes it thankfully and raises it to his lips-- stops as he notices Tamina out of corner of his eye, dehydrated and exhausted. Dastan lowers the water-skin and instead gives her a drin She gulps it down, unaware of his small act of generosity Dastan nods his thanks to the Servant as he passes it bac
38) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina (now on foot) look down on their carava it continues without them. They’re on their own. In the distance rise the icy peaks of Tamina’s mountain kingdom.
38) 1) dialog: We've no food and only one water- skin.
39) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina climb a steep little stream until a NOM CAMP comes into view below. A dozen tents; mules and oxen Hungrily, Dastan sniffs the cooking aromas.
39) 2) dialog: You mean to steal these people’s food?
39) 4) dialog: Bandits? THEIR POV: A few fierce-looking NOMAD MEN emerge. They al wear weapons. Tamina doesn’t like the looks of this.
43) 0) text: Tamina sees Dastan running up the hill toward her, chicke flapping madly in his grasp, dogs and nomads on his heels
45) 13) dialog: You can’t seriously mean for us to travel with these people?
45) 15) dialog: They’re gypsies! They'd sell us out for a handful of copper.
47) 0) text: The NOMAD CARAVAN wends its way along a mountain path, pa animals carrying the rolled up tents and mats. Tamina watches Dastan, up ahead, showing off by doing handsprings between two mules. The nomads, including the little boy, laugh and applaud. Dastan falls back to rejoi Tamina.
47) 1) dialog: How nice. You’ve found friends on your own level.
47) 3) dialog: I’m talking about the mules. Dastan makes a face: very funny. 46. He notices that she’s limping -- her feet are tender.
47) 5) dialog: I’m fine. Dastan shrugs. He hears muffled laughter and turns to see several gypsy WOMEN riding up on camels. Exotically beautiful, they giggle and whisper behind their veils. Da steps away from his “mute cousin” to wave and smile at th girls. Tamina shakes her head.
47) 12) dialog: Haleema offers her a water flask. Tamina shakes her head, attempting to simultaneously convey masculinity, lack of interest and muteness. Haleema insists. Tamina gives in a drinks from the flask. Farood’s other ten daughters hoot with delight, startling Tamina into a coughing fit. Haleema beams adoringly. Apparently, sharing water is a significant nomad courtshi As Tamina walks past, Dastan winks at her:
48) 0) text: The caravan is camped. Dastan uses the DAGGER to play MUMBLETYPEG with the gypsy boy. He pauses, hearing a distant noise. Then the noise grows into a THUNDER. Moments later, HORSEMEN appear. A cavalry regiment charges past on the road above. Dastan moves through the camp. He finds Tamina sitting al by a fire. 48.
48) 2) dialog: Looking for us?
49) 0) text: The crossroads of the world. The locals are Mongolian and wear the boots and fur hats of the steppe. Travelers run gamut of the Silk Road from Arab to Chinese. Nomads feed and water their animals at the central trough while merchants haggle in the surrounding BAZAAR. TAMINA draws water from a well. Dastan arrives, leading a DONKEY. He grins broadly.
49) 2) dialog: About what? He sweeps his arm grandly toward the animal.
49) 4) dialog: Where did you get it?
49) 7) dialog: I mean HOW did you get it? What did you trade for it? Dastan looks down at where she is staring: the empty shea on his belt. He traded the DAGGER.
49) 9) dialog: You traded the dagger for a donkey! ?
49) 11) dialog: (explodes ) NO! I was lying, you idiot! Couldn’t you tell? A few people turn and stare. Dastan hustles her aside bef anybody from their caravan notices that she’s a talking M
49) 13) dialog: It’s the sand that turns back time.. the dagger is the vessel. It can be refilled when we get to Alamut.
49) 15) dialog: We need to get it back. 50.
50) 0) text: The sun burns high overhead. Tamina looks on as Dastan haggles with a Hogarth-grotesque, ONE-EYED MERCHANT.
50) 6) dialog: These merchants have all been leading you around like a fool!
50) 8) dialog: Because I’m a mute, remember? 51. Dastan takes a whiff of the “perfume,” then tosses it awa in disgust.
50) 17) text: Dastan and Tamina peer out.
50) 19) dialog: Not without the dagger.
50) 21) dialog: Do you care about killing your brother and avenging your father’s death? (beat) You’1l need it.
52) 0) text: Farood leads Dastan and Tamina proudly toward an Inn.
53) 0) text: An older female DANCER gyrates listlessly to the music pl on drums, tambourines and flutes. The tables are crowded with diverse travelers. Farood, Dastan and Tamina enter and make their way to.. 54.
54) 0) text: LENK, the wizened Mongolian innkeeper makes notes in his ledger. Behind him is a middle-eastern pawn shop. The DAGGER sits prominently on a shelf. Dastan gestures to Farood and Tamina: “I’1l handle this.”
55) 5) dialog: Suppose I ask you. Lenk’s pen freezes at the sound of the sweet, feminine vo He looks up to see where it came from... Tamina steps forward and removes her turban. Shakes loose her long dark hair. A beat. Lenk grins.
57) 2) dialog: (coldly, from within) Go away.
58) 9) dialog: Ventures a timid dance step. The crowd BOOS. Someone thro a chicken bone at the stage. Dastan makes more emphatic “dance” gestures for Tamina be Farood’s back, indicating the soldiers with his eyes. Tamina looks. Registers Garsiv’s presence. Tamina’s expression changes. Glaring defiantly at Dastan, she shakes her booty in the manner he advised. The crowd HOOTS and applauds. The band leader, relieved, kicks the music up a notch. Tamina dances, with plenty of hip gyrations and scarf- twirling. Her eyes glint with cunning. 59. Garsiv is riveted. Dastan watches nervously as... Tamina dances off the stage, cutting a swath through the room, straight toward Dastan. All the time she keeps one on the soldiers. Alarmed, Dastan ducks under the table, baffling Farood.
59) 0) text: Tamina hurries down alleys, glancing over her shoulder. Mongolian MEN, loitering in groups in the darkness, notic
59) 2) dialog: Rounds a corner and spots an unattended pony. She goes ov to untie the animal. She hears a footstep and turns...
59) 5) dialog: I will pay for the horse.
62) 0) text: Tamina stands in the center of the room, her wrists bound together. A pair of guards flank the door. Garsiv paces around her.
62) 2) dialog: I don’t know.
62) 4) dialog: Good. Then you shouldn’t need my help catching him. He circles closer to her, menacing. 64.
64) 0) text: Tamina is tied up where Garsiv left her. She rubs and twi her wrists together in a desperate effort to fray the rop It’s no use. Suddenly a movement outside the window catches her eye. S turns and sees...
64) 4) dialog: (mouths back)
64) 6) dialog: (whispers loudly) Stop fooling around and catch this rope! Dastan looks up as Tamina throws the rope. The snake strikes: Dastan jumps. Catches the rope in mid-air... Tamina is yanked OUT the window by her bound wrists. They plummet toward the ground until... the rope catches on a branch: they bounce to a halt, ten feet above the ground. They swing back and forth for a moment.
64) 7) dialog: (hissed whisper) You know, for a minute I thought you were actually going to try to cut my hands free with that knife throw... Dastan laughs nervously. Her eyes narrow: that’s exactly what he was trying to do.
64) 8) dialog: You-- CRACK! The branch breaks sending them crashing to the ground. TWO SOLDIERS come running... 67.
64) 10) dialog: I can’t believe you! The only reason you didn’t kill me is that you’re such a bad shot you didn’t come close! Dastan RAPS the soldiers’ heads together before they can up.
67) 0) text: The nomad caravan is waking up. TAMINA (dressed as a shepherd again) crawls out of her bedroll and spots Dastan sitting alone, stoking the fire. She goes over and joins him.
67) 2) dialog: Good morning, Prince Ali. Until you came back to rescue me yesterday I wasn’t sure you really were the son of a king. He looks at her to see if she’s teasing him. She’s not.
67) 3) dialog: Your father would have been proud. 69.
67) 5) dialog: You can still avenge his death with a noble act. Your brother Tus, who brutally crushes my people--
67) 7) dialog: A good man? He invaded our peaceful kingdom for loot!
67) 9) dialog: Lies!
67) 11) dialog: You heard this confession yourself?
67) 13) dialog: (beat) Nizam is the graybeard with two swords?
68) 3) dialog: Not innocent: he invaded and destroyed my home. Or so I believed. Now I have told you the truth. Her eyes bore into him.
68) 4) dialog: Even if Nizam deceived you, you and your brothers have done a grave injustice to my people. It is your duty to make it right. Dastan looks back at her warily. 71.
73) 0) text: Tamina rips off the turban and ties her hair in the more feminine, local fashion. Hiding behind a low wall, they watch the excavation -- Dastan curious, Tamina horrified.
73) 1) dialog: They've defiled the temple and destroyed the sacred fountain. Dastan spots Nizam, overseeing the excavation.
73) 3) dialog: He knows.
73) 6) dialog: (hesitates) Come with me. 75.
74) 0) text: Tamina pulls him into the shadows and starts to speak in hushed, otherworldly voice.
74) 1) dialog: ‘The sun god looked down and saw the wickedness of man, and the light became darkness in his sight. He sent a great sand storm to destroy every living thing, wipe clean the face of the earth.’ Dastan shivers, spooked by her trancelike recitation... Her words She gives
74) 2) dialog: ‘But the Great Mother said to the sun god: “Who are you to destroy my creation?” And she blew the sands into an Hourglass so strong no sword nor spear could break it. And thus she spoke: “These are the Sands of Time. As you decreed, all that lives shall die-- but not at once. Rather day by day, hour by hour, as the sand flows through the hourglass, so shall life slip away from all my children. When it is empty, then and only then shall the face of the earth be cold and dead forevermore.”’ die into reverential silence-- which Dastan breaks.
74) 4) dialog: For ten thousand years the hourglass holding the Sands of Time has rested here in Alamut, below the temple. They are the time of all mankind. The dagger is the key -- the only key, entrusted to us by the gods to protect them. It is the only blade that can break the glass. 76. Dastan glances down at the dagger with newfound respect.
74) 6) dialog: (nods ) This changes everything. It was a mistake to come back here. We can’t let the dagger fall into Nizam’s hands.. We should flee.
75) 0) text: Dastan follows Tamina, weaving through alleys and back wa
75) 1) dialog: The dagger holds only a minute’s worth of sand. Once we refill it, we'll have only one chance to use it to reach your brother. You are certain he will listen to you?
75) 6) dialog: (studies him) I will have to trust you. (beat) And you will have to trust me. Give me the dagger. He hesitates, looking at her questioningly.
75) 7) dialog: There is a secret path to the hourglass but it can only be opened by the High Priestess. And she must do it alone...
75) 9) dialog: I’1ll come back for you afterwards. I promise. She holds out her hand. Is this a trick? Dastan looks int her eyes... Slowly, he places the dagger in her hand -- their fingers touch and linger a beat longer than absolutely necessary. Then she’s gone.
77) 0) text: Tamina walks to a distant corner of the ancient wall. Nob is around. She locates a brick with a faded image of a li carved on it and a barely noticeable INDENTATION in the s of a diamond. Tamina mutters the words of an ancient incantation IN FOREIGN, then places the hilt of the dagger into the indentation.. it fits perfectly. CLICK. A beat. Then a deep grinding sound as a secret door in th wall slides open, revealing a narrow staircase descending into darkness...
78) 1) dialog: hurrying back to retrieve Dastan.
78) 4) dialog: finally returning. She sees the commotion in the mouth of the alleyway and ducks into a doorway to watch. Her face falls as she sees Dastan being dragged away. 79.
80) 6) dialog: Is that your way of saying ‘thank you for rescuing me?’ She hands him his sword and pulls out a set of keys.
80) 8) dialog: Your army may occupy the city, but my people still run everything. She unlocks the door and they hurry for the exit. Dastan suddenly stops and doubles back for second:
81) 0) text: Tamina hands the keys back to the real Alamut JAILOR and thanks him IN FOREIGN. The MAN bows deeply and kisses her hand. She and Dastan flee into the city.
83) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina look back and see SOLDIERS pouring out the streets.
83) 1) dialog: Follow me. Tamina takes Dastan by the hand and they run through the streets of the old city. EXT. MARKETPLACE — DAY A crowded, bustling SOUK. Tamina and Dastan try to lose themselves among the vendors and carts. But patrols of SOLDIERS begin entering from every directi
83) 3) dialog: There’s a storm drain leading out below. Maybe it’s not guarded. Again Dastan follows, ducking down and hiding in the crow
84) 0) text: The din of the market fades as Tamina and Dastan slip int the dark tunnel. Nobody there. It looks like maybe they’v escaped. Until they emerge on the other side and find... A PATROL of A DOZEN NASAF SOLDIERS. Dastan draws his swor MAN’S VOICE (0.S.) Put away your sword. Dastan turns and sees.. the BRUTISH SOLDIER he let keep t dagger in the opening scene. He approaches and looms over Dastan.
84) 8) dialog: This isn’t a game. This place is sacred. There’s a ritual for how you approach it. The sun god will be angry if we don’t show respect.
84) 10) dialog: Do you see that black paving-stone? Dastan looks closely; he can make out a few flakes of wha might have been black paint, a thousand years ago.
84) 12) dialog: We’re in the sun god’s temple. The black stones represent man’s wickedness, the greed and selfishness that brought the sandstorm on us. We don’t step on the black stones.
84) 14) dialog: Dastan! Her eyes flash dangerously. Dastan backs down.
86) 0) text: Tamina and Dastan come to a halt at the edge of a water- filled chasm where a rope bridge used to be. Remnants of rope dangle uselessly from either side. The rock wall has partially collapsed, smashing the bridge and flooding the chasm with water. 84.
86) 1) dialog: (dismayed) They must have weakened that wall with their digging. Now we can’t get across. Dastan’s eyes rove the far wall.
86) 3) dialog: How? Dastan backs up for a running start. Tamina grabs him.
86) 4) dialog: Don’t be a fool. You can’t jump that far.
86) 7) dialog: How do I get across? Dastan looks around. There’s no way.
86) 9) dialog: No. You’re almost there. (she takes out the dagger) In the top of the hourglass is all time yet to come. In the bottom is time past. Between the two, it narrows to the width of a single moment: the Now. That is where you must insert the dagger’s handle. She tosses the dagger across the chasm. Dastan catches it
86) 10) dialog: Hold the dagger by the blade. The handle will catch the sand as it falls. This is important: the blade must never touch the hourglass. Their eyes meet across the chasm. Both acknowledging the trust she’s placed in him.
86) 12) dialog: Watch out for the black stones! 86.
87) 0) text: Dastan threads his way through a narrow corridor, steppin over the occasional black tile. With each step he takes, nothing happens and he grows more confident. He comes to another stone LION like the first. Sighing, h does as Tamina did, placing his back against the opposite wall.
88) 0) text: Dastan advances into the silent, natural cavern. A waterfall cascades down a sheer rock face into the dark of an abyss. We HEAR an underground river rushing far bel 88. Towering at the edge of the abyss is a titanic HOURGLASS. seems to have grown out of the rock itself. It holds thousands of tons of glowing white sand that bathe the chamber in an eerie light. Fascinated, Dastan approaches. He stares at the sand; thousands of millions of years worth of time -- no way to fathom it. He looks up at an ascending set of stairs carved into the stone, leading to a rock promontory at the neck of the hourglass... He begins to climb the stairs. At the top is a flat outcropping of rock. Above him looms the gigantic upper h of the hourglass, a vast reservoir of glowing sand. Dastan lies down and belly crawls until his head and shoulders are over the edge of the abyss and he can reach neck of the hourglass. He draws the dagger. Holding it as Tamina instructed, by blade, he brings its handle to within an inch of the glas
90) 0) text: Tamina is startled to see new CRACKS suddenly appear in t rock wall above the chasm. WATER trickles through, suggesting a significant pressure build-up on the other s Tamina backs away... The water BURSTS part of the wall, pours through in a torrent.
94) 1) dialog: It’s collapsing! Dastan surveys the scene. He sees that the rock wall is a DAM ready to BURST-- Suddenly the edge where Tamina is standing COLLAPSES! She falls into the water. Without hesitation, Dastan dives into the chasm and start swimming across, dodging falling rocks and swirling curre Tamina sees Dastan go under.. she looks around desperatel Dastan surfaces right in front of her.
95) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina surface in the river, below the citadel wall. They gasp for air. As soon as they catch their breath...
95) 1) dialog: You used the dagger, didn’t you! Battered, half-dead with exhaustion, Dastan hoists himsel onto the embankment. He reaches to help Tamina up. Angril she shakes him off.
95) 2) dialog: One minute. We have one minute of sand to get to your brother and you've already used half of it! Dastan looks at the dagger -- it’s half empty.
95) 5) dialog: I just had the strangest feeling we've done this before... Dastan suddenly grabs her, yanks her back.
95) 6) dialog: What?
95) 9) dialog: You did it again, didn’t you!?
97) 0) text: Tamina takes Dastan’s arm, points to the ROYAL PALACE standing on the other side of a deep mountain gorge. A narrow stone bridge below is the only way across the chas
97) 1) dialog: That’s the palace just across that bridge. I know a place-- Dastan tackles her to the ground as a SPEAR hurtles throu the space where they were just standing. 93.
97) 3) dialog: No. Dastan grits his teeth. All right, he’1l do it the hard w He PUSHES OFF the wall with the ladder, LANDS in a judo r that FLIPS the ladder over him-- tossing Tamina over the heads of the soldiers in front of them. Dastan continues momentum, POLE-VAULTING over Tamina on the ladder. This master-stroke puts all the soldiers behind them, leaving a clear path to the bridge.
98) 0) text: Dastan and Tamina make a mad dash across the bridge. They more than halfway there when MORE SOLDIERS appear on the side, led by Garsiv. Dastan comes to a skidding stop. He looks back: they’re trapped on a long, narrow stone bridge between two armies, above a vertigo-inducing ravin plunging ten thousand feet below.
98) 2) dialog: You can’t possibly--
98) 6) text: Dastan and Tamina swing uselessly back and forth, in a smaller arc each time. They’re trapped at the end of the rope. Hanging off a bridge that’s full of soldiers. Oops.
98) 8) text: A soldier (call him the EXECUTIONER) mounts the parapet w Dastan tied the rope. He draws a wicked scimitar. Checks with Garsiv, who nods: do it. The Executioner raises his sword high-- and CHOPS! DASTAN and TAMINA are shaken. One more cut will sever the rope.
98) 9) dialog: All right. Use the dagger.
98) 11) dialog: Use the dagger! NOW!! The Executioner raises his scimitar for the coup de grace Dastan releases one hand from the rope, uses it to pull Tamina toward him and gives her a passionate kiss. The sword cuts the rope: Dastan and Tamina plunge into th abyss... then Dastan HITS the jewel.
101) 0) text: Tamina and Dastan land together on the floor.
101) 1) dialog: That was fantastic! Dastan sits up and stares at her with a goofy grin, still mesmerized from their kiss...
101) 2) dialog: Dastan! Did you use the dagger?
103) 0) text: Tamina lights a lantern revealing a cozy room, rich with curtains and draperies, a tea service and silk cushions.
103) 2) dialog: For the king. I was a nosy little girl, always getting into places I wasn’t supposed to... 97. She parts a curtain, revealing a short passageway that de ends in a door. Tamina slides open a peephole and looks..
103) 3) text: Servants fill the royal baths with hot water. Tamina step aside to let Dastan look.
103) 4) dialog: The King’s private bath. They’re preparing it for him now. When your brother returns, you’ll have a chance to speak to him alone. She walks back into the secret room. Dastan follows. He opens the shutter to look out the small window... On the stone bridge far below he sees dozens of soldiers running around searching for the escaped fugitives. Dastan turns to see Tamina step out from behind a folding screen, having changed into a gorgeous silk gown. He stares, stunned. Tamina looks down.
103) 5) dialog: What? You don’t like it? I had to get out of those rags...
103) 7) dialog: Stop. This can never be.
103) 9) dialog: Us. You and me.
103) 11) dialog: I don’t care about that. It’s because I’m the High Priestess. I can only marry one who has been baptized in the sacred fountain.
103) 13) dialog: You can’t! Nobody can, ever again. The fountain has been destroyed. A beat. Tamina looks at him wistfully.
103) 14) dialog: I’m sorry, Dastan. It’s not meant to be between us. Dastan searches for the right words to say when... A HORN BLAST outside signals the king’s arrival. They bot hurry to the window in time to see: TUS and a half-dozen GUARDS ride across the bridge.
103) 16) dialog: You'd best prepare yourself. You cannot fail. 99.
105) 14) dialog: We are brothers. Since childhood I’ve known you as I know myself. I can tell by how artfully you’ve rehearsed your speech that you are lying. (to the guards) Take him to Nizam. ANGLE ON TAMINA - watching through the peephole, dismayed Tus turns away as the guards drag Dastan off. 101.
108) 0) text: Thunder rumbles in an ominous sky. Tus, Dastan and Tamina stride across the bridge accompanied by royal GUARDS with torches. Nizam appears at the end of the bridge with his own detachment of elite GUARDS led by Garsiv.
108) 11) dialog: He’s lying! Dastan is innocent! 107.
109) 0) text: Tamina and Dastan are shoved into a cell and chained to t wall. The guards exit. Nizam steps forward and lifts the DAGGER from Dastan’s be His eyes glint with greed as he caresses it..
109) 2) dialog: No!
109) 5) dialog: You can’t! It’s forbidden! Nizam ignores her; continues speaking to Dastan.
109) 7) dialog: No!
109) 9) dialog: Nizam, it is not for mortals to spill the Sands of Time for personal glory! You could unleash a storm that would wipe mankind off the face of the earth!!
112) 0) text: Garsiv enters and gazes at Tamina seated on low cushions, wrists bound. Without taking his eyes off of her, he spea to the guard: 111.
115) 9) dialog: Never mind me. Nizam is headed for the Hourglass! All will be lost if you don’t stop him! Tamina raises her sword, prepared to fight the two guards Dastan hesitates.
115) 10) dialog: a [o}
116) 7) dialog: 
116) 14) text: Becomes a blur through which we catch quick glimpses of action: Dastan fighting Garsiv, Tus’s murder on the bridg Tamina and Dastan’s kiss... All the while, SAND keeps pouring from the hourglass-- no a torrent, swept by the gathering wind into a blinding SANDSTORM that threatens to grow out of control and becom apocalyptic... DASTAN, as if stunned by a concussion, shakes himself awa to realize he’s there with Nizam, in the bright ROARING center of the sandstorm. Nizam, in ecstasy, holds the dagger in place -- SAND pour out of what is no longer the hourglass, but a CRACK in th very surface of the universe. The wind sweeps up the sand it pours out, adding to the storm. Savagely, Nizam pries Dastan’s hand from the dagger. Dast hangs on, too weak to fight back. The wind rips at him; i he lets go, he’ll be sucked into oblivion. Nizam gives Dastan a sharp elbow. Dastan loses his grip a is nearly swept off by the wind-- but he keeps a hold. Dastan looks down, sees blood soaking his tunic. His life ebbing away; he can’t hang on much longer. Then, out of the maelstrom of events REWINDING all around them, an IMPLOSION of light in the dawn sky attracts Dast attention. Hazily looking up, he sees a flaming arrow arc backward through the sky: the opening battle. Dastan summons the last of his strength and will. Bearing down on Nizam’s arm, he PULLS OUT THE DAGGER. In that instant, the crack in the hourglass repairs itsel Before Nizam can recover, the SANDSTORM sweeps both him a Dastan into the void... For a few moments, SAND is all we see and hear. Then, lit by little, the SANDSTORM starts to clear... Dastan looks around. At first he can’t tell where he is. The sand is everywhere. In his teeth, in his hair. He searches himself for the dagger. He doesn’t have it. Gradually he starts to make out other figures nearby. Persian soldiers, shouting in the wind. Horses whinny.. With a shock of dread, Dastan realizes--— 120.
118) 0) text: Lashed by sand and wind, the Alamut Sentry grabs a stick beats the gong in warning as he did the first time. INT. TAMINA’S BEDROOM - SUNRISE The GONG awakens Tamina. Sand is blowing into the room.
121) 0) text: Tamina, in her nightgown, watches through a loophole as t army vanishes into the mist. On her young face is a vague sense of the danger she’s just escaped.