1) 2) dialog: Question him again, Nizam; he will tell us who has been supplying our enemy with weapons and armor or he shall face the consequences. Nizam addresses the prisoner in a FOREIGN tongue.. the ma nods in surrender and whispers his response. Nizam reacts with surprise, then turns to face the others.
1) 5) dialog: (frowns ) Alamut? (MORE )
1) 8) dialog: Our father, the King, would not decide so rashly. I will consider all arguments. Farhan clears his throat-- his brother speaks:
1) 15) dialog: I would have more proof.
1) 17) text: What say you, brothers? Dastan draws his sword, a thirst for glory in his eyes. Farhad and Farhan follow suit -- a thirst for treasure in theirs. Tus looks at them. swayed, he draws his sword as well.
1) 18) dialog: Then let their fortress come down.
2) 7) dialog: Come. Let’s make our father proud. They gallop off.
5) 0) text: THE PERSIAN ARMY charges up the wide shaly slope. Tus, galloping ahead, lifts his sword and lets out a WAR From the ranks rises a blood-curdling NOISE as thousands voices join him. Then... A FLAMING ARROW is fired from the ramparts. All eyes turn skyward to follow its arc. At its apex, the arrow suddenly EXPLODES into a shower of brilliant white fireworks, illuminating the attacking arm
5) 3) dialog: To the walls! Attack!
12) 2) dialog: To the bridge! FROM ALL SIDES, soldiers pour onto the narrow bridge.
16) 0) text: The twins fight side by side without breaking a sweat. Nizam rides through the enemy troops wielding two swords once with a deadly dexterity surprising for a man his age Tus, hacking his way to victory, pauses --
16) 1) dialog: Where’s Dastan? EXT. ANOTHER RAMPART —- DAY Dastan emerges onto a quiet rampart -- a narrow trench between two high walls. The battle has not yet reached th part of the castle. A FLASH OF LIGHT catches Dastan’s eye.. he looks up at an arched window where somebody is signalling with a small h mirror.. a fleeting glimpse of a beautiful female silhoue behind a sheer curtain: Tamina. Then.. HOOFBEATS. Dastan turns to see a mighty ALAMUT WARRIOR galloping toward him on an armored stallion. 13. Dastan’s trapped between the walls. The corridor is too narrow for him to escape. He’s about to be trampled. The WARRIOR draws a scimitar... At the last instant Dastan runs straight up the wall-- pu off with a backflip and lands ON THE HORSE! The two men GRAPPLE on horseback. Sparks fly as armor and weapons scrape the stone walls at full gallop. They fight -- Dastan getting the worst of it as his more heavily-armored opponent pounds him mercilessly. The Alam warrior raises his sword to finish Dastan once and for al Dastan throws his arms around the warrior’s waist, draggi him from the saddle. The two men crash to the ground. Dastan fights his way loose. Only then does he realize th the man he is struggling with is dead; an ARROW protrudes from his back. Dastan looks up to see Persian SOLDIERS running toward them.
17) 2) dialog: (spotting his brother) Dastan. Where have you been?
17) 4) dialog: Every man here played his part. Don’t take credit for their bravery. The Twins sneer and turn their back on Dastan, resuming t previous conversation...
17) 7) dialog: All of you -- return home. I myself shall conduct the search for these weapons that we came to find. The steel in his tone warns them all not to argue further
69) 0) text: Nizam, Garsiv and their regiment ride in through the gate Tus awaits them, trembling with emotion. Nizam dismounts, his expression sorrowful and compassionate.
69) 1) dialog: Nizam, tell me it’s not true. My brother did not kill our father.
104) 0) text: Tus and his bodyguards stride across the great hall. A YO GUARD steps forward and bows.
104) 2) dialog: I’ve been riding all day. I’11 see him after I’ve bathed and changed.
105) 6) dialog: 
105) 9) dialog: 
105) 13) dialog: Enough! ! Everyone falls silent. Dastan ceases struggling and waits suspense for Tus’s next words.
106) 0) text: Tus takes off his robe, lowers himself into the steaming bath. Rinses his face and hair, just as he did before. A NOISE makes Tus turn. Dastan has just BARRICADED the do with a medieval two-by-four. Tus splashes to his feet. Th time, the first thing Dastan does is throw his sword away
106) 2) dialog: 
106) 6) dialog: Coward! Do you attack me thus, unarmed?
106) 13) dialog: (to the guards) Enough! Take him to Nizam. As the guards move forward, Dastan swiftly brings the dagger’s blade to his own throat. Again, they hesitate.
106) 17) dialog: He took his own life.
106) 19) dialog: My brother was no coward. 104. He bends and picks up the dagger again. Presses the jewel TIME STOPS! The last sands fall from the dagger; a draft blows them away through the steam frozen in midair...
107) 2) dialog: Let him go!! Cowed by the royal command in his voice, the guards obey.
107) 4) dialog: (wonderment ) You were dead. I saw the blood.
107) 6) dialog: My brother. On the day we left for war, our father told me: ‘A king should listen always to the voice of reason-- but also listen to your heart.’ My heart knew you could not have done what they accused you of. I should have listened. 105. Dastan nods, still a bit shaky.
107) 7) dialog: (to the CAPTAIN) Send for a detachment of soldiers from my most trusted regiment. The Captain nods and exits. Tus turns back to Dastan.
107) 8) dialog: Come. We must find Nizam.
108) 0) text: Thunder rumbles in an ominous sky. Tus, Dastan and Tamina stride across the bridge accompanied by royal GUARDS with torches. Nizam appears at the end of the bridge with his own detachment of elite GUARDS led by Garsiv.
108) 1) dialog: Keep your swords sheathed. As the two groups come together, Nizam speaks first.
108) 3) dialog: Grand Vizier Nizam, you have committed treason and murder and have conspired against the house of Shahraman. (to Garsiv) Captain of the Guards, I order you to arrest this traitor. 106. Garsiv steps forward and looks Nizam in the eye.. then he turns and nods to the GUARDS surrounding Tus... Tus’s own guards grab him, Dastan and Tamina, bind their hands behind their backs and force them to their knees!
108) 4) dialog: Who dares lay a hand on Tus, son of Shahraman, your King!
116) 14) text: Becomes a blur through which we catch quick glimpses of action: Dastan fighting Garsiv, Tus’s murder on the bridg Tamina and Dastan’s kiss... All the while, SAND keeps pouring from the hourglass-- no a torrent, swept by the gathering wind into a blinding SANDSTORM that threatens to grow out of control and becom apocalyptic... DASTAN, as if stunned by a concussion, shakes himself awa to realize he’s there with Nizam, in the bright ROARING center of the sandstorm. Nizam, in ecstasy, holds the dagger in place -- SAND pour out of what is no longer the hourglass, but a CRACK in th very surface of the universe. The wind sweeps up the sand it pours out, adding to the storm. Savagely, Nizam pries Dastan’s hand from the dagger. Dast hangs on, too weak to fight back. The wind rips at him; i he lets go, he’ll be sucked into oblivion. Nizam gives Dastan a sharp elbow. Dastan loses his grip a is nearly swept off by the wind-- but he keeps a hold. Dastan looks down, sees blood soaking his tunic. His life ebbing away; he can’t hang on much longer. Then, out of the maelstrom of events REWINDING all around them, an IMPLOSION of light in the dawn sky attracts Dast attention. Hazily looking up, he sees a flaming arrow arc backward through the sky: the opening battle. Dastan summons the last of his strength and will. Bearing down on Nizam’s arm, he PULLS OUT THE DAGGER. In that instant, the crack in the hourglass repairs itsel Before Nizam can recover, the SANDSTORM sweeps both him a Dastan into the void... For a few moments, SAND is all we see and hear. Then, lit by little, the SANDSTORM starts to clear... Dastan looks around. At first he can’t tell where he is. The sand is everywhere. In his teeth, in his hair. He searches himself for the dagger. He doesn’t have it. Gradually he starts to make out other figures nearby. Persian soldiers, shouting in the wind. Horses whinny.. With a shock of dread, Dastan realizes--— 120.
119) 0) text: Tus raises his sword and lets out a WAR CRY, exactly repeating his action of the opening sequence. From the ra rises a blood-curdling noise as thousands of voices join Only one thing has changed: Dastan. Outwardly he’s the same, but his faces shows a new maturity and resolve. He knows what he must do. Dastan looks to the ramparts and sees the flaming arrow launched into the air.
119) 3) dialog: Dastan. He does not know why his hot-headed younger brother is fighting with Nizam, but he knows Dastan’s immaturity is jeopardizing the battle. Enraged, Tus rides back...
119) 8) dialog: Hold! HOLD!! Dastan freezes, inches from killing Nizam. He can’t disob his brother. 122. Nizam’s right hand creeps along the ground, toward his sw that landed inches away...
119) 11) dialog: Dastan, put down your sword.
119) 13) dialog: What did you say?
119) 15) dialog: We are at war-- and I command. Put down your sword. The threat is clear. Still Dastan hesitates. Nizam sees his chance. His right hand closes on his sword hilt; he swings upward at Dastan’s neck-- Dastan sees the sword coming, BLOCKS it-- As Nizam expected: he pulls out the hidden short sword wi his OTHER hand and strikes toward Dastan’s exposed torso- But this time Dastan knows it’s coming: with blinding spe Dastan turns, BLOCKS the second blow, and drives his swor like a stake into Nizam’s heart. The men watching are stunned. Nizam can’t believe it eith He coughs. And then he’s dead. Dastan hurls his sword away from him; it sticks quivering the frozen ground. He stands to face Tus. 123.
119) 18) dialog: (mystified) How could...?
119) 20) dialog: Halt! Retreat! His orders echo through the ranks, repeated by the comman at every level.
122) 0) text: A Persian delegation, Tus, the twins, Dastan and forty soldiers, marches past Alamut soldiers standing at attent The King of Alamut and his court awaits them on a dais.
122) 1) dialog: (bows formally) From my father, King Shahraman. An ATTENDANT steps forward bearing a chest; an INTERPRETE repeats Tus’s words in Foreign. The King responds in kind As the formalities drag on, Dastan slips away from his brothers. As he edges over towards the temple, he tries t catch the eye of... TAMINA, resplendent in full regalia, standing amongst a g of Alamut NOBLEWOMEN. She notices the young Prince lookin at her.. he smiles! She blushes and turns away, giggling with one of her LADIES-IN-WAITING. But she glances back anyway... On the dais, Tus and the King of Alamut embrace in ritual friendship. A murmur runs through the crowd. The Twins lean together for a private aside.