0) 0) text: as he now walks through another, smaller, tree-lined SQUA past a statue, The STATUE remains in foreground as Cady wal¥s away from and towards the COURTHOUSE, . iCADY steps off the pavement and walks across the street toward steps of the COURTHOUSE. A low, streamlined car has to brake to allow Cady to pass
0) 16) text: Cady in foreground; the Negro Janitor across the stairwel background.
1) 0) text: Cady ENTERS a half-filled courtroom, finds a seat near th SAM BOWDEN, attorney for the plaintiff, is addressing the GEORGE GARNER, Sam's assistant, is seated with the plaint @ gaunt, middle-aged man, sitting somewhat awkwardly, his crossed upon a cane, Nearby is DR, PEARSALL, an old man b with an alert, competent look. Counsel for the Defense is VERNON, Beside him is a representative of the Gibraltar Insurance Company.
46) 0) text: Sievers comes in, and ‘looks across at Diane. She does no acknowledgs his presence sven when he closes the door beh him. Sievers comes up to her.
51) 0) text: School is over for the day. The last pupils are flocking the crosswalk as Nancy comes OUT of the school, carrying books. Peggy's car is almost opposite the schocl gates. N burries towards it.
53) 0) text: Terror is growing on her face. She looks around. The MUSI from the car radio is still playing. She moves over to th ear door, and starts to open it. “TRACKING SHOT - (SHOOTING FROM BEHIND CaDY) with Cady in f.g., as he continues diagonally across the In front of him -- still quite a long way away -- we see little figure of Nancy get quickly out of the car, start along the pavement.
61) 0) text: Sam crosses toward the front door, with Peggy trying to s hin,
90) 9) dialog: All them islands look alike, but just follow this and you can't miss it.
92) 0) text: CAMERA starts on a CLOSE SHOT of Cady's boat -- hidden in small inlet and empty, CAMERA PANS up to show, in the dis across the river -= the HOUSEBOAT and LANDING and CABIN. are on in the housebeat and cabin, After a moment we see silhouette of Peggy at the houseboat window. ,