13) 0) text: A young, attractive, rather exotic type, with intermitten pretensions to elegance and breeding, is at the piano bar flanked by two local BLADES, cperating independently. The LEFT ONE is coolly working to get her drunk. Diane is swa drumming, bouncing in rhythm with the old-time song hits PLAYED by an attractive young woman PIANIST,
13) 7) dialog: looks on, thrilled, Cady tosses a ten-dollar bill on the
13) 10) dialog: {smiles} Why not? Cady nods, walks OUT with the two officers, dominating th scene and enjoying it.
39) 0) text: Cady and Diane are preparing to leave, He is absorbed in story he has been telling her. Oo cabyY Then this gal says, “Bet you couldnit do that with one hand." Man, I mean, she got M6 SOPrO.s.ce Diane cuts in with an airy laugh,
39) 1) dialog: Oh, sweetie, you really do try so hard, don't you? I mean, to impress a girl with that tired old He-Man routine, She has had too much to drink, and overplays it.
39) 2) dialog: Darling, are you really that far out of touch, or am I talking over your head, °
40) 3) dialog: “You are at liberty to consult the files of the "St. Louis Post Dispatch," for October 1953, in the Year of Our Lord, when I was chosen Queen of the Veiled Prophet Ball, chosen by unani- mous acclaim over the most desper- ate and unconscionable opposition a girl ever had to face.,.. (a contented sigh) My dear father, he was preud enough to pop his buttons... Only his wife failed to appreciate the prestige and honor that accrued to her... by contagion, as it were....
40) 12) dialog: What would you know about scenery, ‘ or beauty, or any of the things that really make life worth living? (a mixture of loathing and affeetion) You're just an animal. A coarse, lustful, barbaric....
44) 0) text: Marconi RAPS on Diane's door.
45) 0) text: Diane lies on the bed, clad in a wrapper. She is in shado has an oddly ¢rumpled look about her. The men look past H to a curtain biowing in the improvised kitchenette beyond One of the officers waiks into the kitchen.
46) 0) text: Sievers comes in, and ‘looks across at Diane. She does no acknowledgs his presence sven when he closes the door beh him. Sievers comes up to her.
46) 9) text: Still Diane dees not answer. Now Sievers begins to talk t more harshly, feeling this is the only way he will be abl get through to her.
46) 16) dialog: Hello. Could you send a taxi cab over promptly toe the corner of Sherman ana San Juan, I want to gO to the bus station ... right quick...? (timidly) Please?
46) 19) dialog: (as she moves away from the telephone) Protect myself! Nobody can protect themselves against that guy! He isn't human. Sure I'm scared of him! I'm scared to death of him! And you can't help me!
46) 21) dialog: Six months! And after that? She suddenly thrusts her bruised face at him.
46) 22) dialog: Before he walked out of this room, he said ... he said to consider this only a sample ... And according to my limited knowledge of human nature ... Max Cady is not a man who makes idle threats. Sievers watches her pack for a moment.
46) 24) dialog: What's your angle?
46) 30) dialog: (stops for a moment) Do you believe that I could ever, ever in my whole life step up and repeat to another living soul what that man.. what he did... Distractedly she goes back-to her packing. “Her . (%) movements are fluttery, uncocrdinated. .
46) 31) dialog: What about my family? I'm someonets daughter too... What about the news- papers in my home town? Do you think I could bear to have them read about this? I feel soee.e SOseo lowe. I'LL never feel the same again. I'11 never belong to myself again... She is overcome and sinks down on the bed, sobbing. And.a CAMERA MOVES INTO A CLOSE SHOT of this huddled, pathetic
48) 0) text: SHOOTING DOWN the staircase as Sam hurries in and up the CAMERA PANS AND TRACKS with him to include Sievers ané th policemen, who are waiting outside Diane's room.
48) 8) text: of Diane as - with tears in her eyes = she hesitates. Con and in turmoil she turns away from him and CAMERA PANS AN with her as she hurries down the stairs, At the front doo Pauses again, then suddenly turns around and looks back u stairs at Sam. In a half choked little voice:
48) 9) dialog: itm sorry... really I'm sorry. She quickly opens the door and goes OUT. The door SLAMS b her.