3) 0) text: Sam tosses his brief case on the seat, starts the engine, abstractedly reaches for a cigarette and then the lighter At that moment a brawny arm reaches through the window on driver's side, switches off the ignition, pulls out the k Sam, caught with the lighter in his hand and taken comple by surprise, finds himself staring into Max Cady's smilin face.
7) 0) text: CAMERA TAKES IN the station wagon ahead and Max Cadyts bi hands on the wheel,
9) 0) text: This area, which serves beer, cokes, etc., is to the rear the alleys, and from some of the small tables the alleys be seen. Max Cady sits down at a table where he can watch the Bowden family. He now has a sack of peanuts,
38) 0) text: Max Cady, smoking a cigar, is soated there with DAVE GRAF a plump, shréwd man wearing thick-lensed glassos. Grafton rises as Dutton and Sam ENTER, Cady deliberately keeps hi seat, glancing at Sam with a bland, faintly mocking smile ignores him, shakes hands with Grafton,
52) 5) dialog: CAMERA PULLS BACK with him as he moves forward. across th toward the car, staring all the time at Suncy. He stops f passing Girl on a bicyelo, then continues. es
67) 0) text: A car is moving into the alley, its headlights illuminati the parked cars and rickety frame gereges. As the car fin a narrow slot, we recognize it as Max Cady's Chevy,
85) 3) text: EXT. FIELD NEAR HOUSE « DAY Max Cady 1s concesled by the grass and bushes. Through th _leaves he can see Sievers! car, Cady shows interest but excitement. Then he sees Sievers walking to the car, carr something. Cady cranes forward for a better view.
93) 0) text: At the foot of the pier there is a narrow bank between th water's edge and the base~pilings. Crouched here, in a sp hardly more than three feet high, is Andy Kersek, plagued mosquitoes and muscle cramps. EXT. PAR SIDE OF RIVER ~ NIGHT = (SHOOTING from behind CA end towards the opposite shore) Crouched on the brushy bank is Max Cady, clad only in sho trousers, He lifts up his binoculars, CAMERA PANS ROUND slightly as he focuses them on the cabin,. vis,
98) 0) text: Kersek slaps another mosquito, scoops up mud from the wat edge, smears it over his face and neck as protection. The applies more to his forearms and the backs of his hands, record beginning to PLAY. He doesn't see the hand that AP from the shadows behind him, claps over his mouth while s neously another hand grips one of his forearms, twists it his back. Now Max Cady's huge torso can be seen as Kersek begins to struggle. Cady twists the imprisoned arm excruc ingly. An expert wrestler and infinitely stronger than Ke Cady turns his victim over without taking his hand from h mouth. The record continues to PLAY. Only now does Cady's intent become clear. With Kersek belly down, arm twisted hind him, Cady smothers the threshing legs with his own, forces Kersek's face into the water, quickly snatches the from his mouth, uses it to keep Kersek's head down. cADY . (fierce whisper) You're gonna drown boy -- without a mark on you. You were too smart for your pants, Kersek's struggles are beginning to weaken. Now Cady begi inch him farther into the water, With Kersek's head and t submerged, he waits to make sure all struggles have cease Then he pushes him all the way in. The body sinks soundle Cady moves QUT.
107) 0) text: Nearly numb with terror, Peggy is confronting Max Cady, s just inside the door, wet trousers clinging to his powerf thighs, the mocking smile on his lips.