5) 0) text: The place is on the outskirts, almost in the country. It remodeled farmnouse, neat and unpretentious, sitting well from the street with no other house within a hundred yard Sam drives in his daughter, NANCY, 12, is sitting waiting the porch steps, dressed in slacks; and there are three b ball bags beside her, Shoes are tied to the bags by their strings. She rises from the steps with an accusing look a as he gets out of the car. Marilyn, the Trish setter, rus from the steps and gives him a wildly affectionate greeti ANGLE WIDENS.
5) 1) dialog: (carrying bags toward station wagon) Dad, you're ten minutes latej
5) 6) dialog: Come on, Dad; you can do that on your own time. I asked Betty to bowl with us.
5) 17) dialog: (climbing into the car) Oh, do hurry -- please, Daddy.
8) 0) text: sore This is a large, modern, crowded place, loud with the RUM of balls, the CLATTER of falling pins, and the LAUGHTER a SQUEALS of teen-agers. The Bowdens and BETTY, about Nancy age, are getting ready to play.
9) 11) dialog: Dad, youire slipping. He makes a slight deprecatory gesture but no reply as he his seat. Nancy steps into position, tries to find her ba
9) 15) text: Cady is now nearly back to CAMERA and Nancy is in ANGLE a she makes her delivery. Cady leans over and taps Sam on t shoulder. Surprised, Sem turns into CAMERA, his back to N as her ball scatters the pins ~ the last one teeters and finally falls. Nancy leaps for jcy. But Sam Bowden is awa of none of this. He rises to his feet.
9) 21) dialog: Did you see my strike? Did you? As Sam turns again toward Cady, Cady’s broad back is alre being blotted out by a hurrying group of teenagers. Sam k that this second meeting can't bs coincidence; he is now ning to see "the picture" and an ugly picture it is. Slow he turns back to face his daughter.
11) 0) text: Through the glass Nancy can be seen hurrying toward the b
11) 10) dialog: Hurry up, Dad - It's your turn -
11) 12) dialog: You're always having to see some= bedy =< They hurry away. DISSOLVE To
22) 7) dialog: I don't mow. I can't see her in the bushes.
22) 9) dialog: In the kitchen, I think. InT. DUTTON'S OFFICE
23) 2) dialog: She's stopped barking. Maybe she caught a rabbit. Still vaguely worried about Peggy, Sam starts OUT of the followed by Nancy.
24) 1) dialog: If she did, do you s'pose she'd really kill it and eat 1%?
25) 5) dialog: Marilyn ~ Marilyn - Daddy what's the matter with her? .
28) 1) text: Nancy is fighting tears as Sam packs down the last spadef earth. She takes a last lingering look at the grave, then walks silently away with her mother, CAMERA PANS Sam to t fence,
28) 15) dialog: (brokeniy) But this is when I always feed her... They HEAR Sam coming. Nancy steps away from her mother, S ENTERS SHOT.
29) 2) dialog: What for? What did he do?
29) 9) dialog: But you know he did.
29) 11) dialog: He wasn't trying to just scare Marilyn. He Eiiled her. I dontt see what gocd it 15 to be a lawyer if you can't put him in jail.
29) 52) text: to go away for a while? Take Nancy cut of school? We could drive up to see your family.
31) 0) text: She runs to look into Nancy's room.
32) 0) text: Nancy is still asleep.
34) 0) text: They COME IN, lock the door, end walk up the stairs, spea in whispers to avoid waking Nancy. sam Anyway, it's perfectly possible we've given Cady too much credit. There were three dogs in this general neighborhood poisoned today.
50) 0) text: This is a commercial affair, not a club. The Bowden boat its slip, a small cabin cruiser with twin outboards. A fa number of other slips are empty. The entire Bowden family work, busily sanding the trim and polishing the brightwor except for Sam, who is varnishing. A big, sleek Chriscraf out of a nearby slip, starts out of the basin. The family waves mockingly at the laboring Bowdens. Nancy looks afte wistfully.
50) 1) dialog: Oh, misery! Wonder when we can have one like that?
50) 11) dialog: Mother$ You did that on purpose!
50) 13) dialog: Now where are you going?
50) 15) dialog: If we're a family of rats, I think I should be leaving, too.
50) 19) dialog: She bends down, facing toward the stern, making sure that brush doesn't dribble on the deck. But then an outboard s boat, moving slowly out of the basin COMES INTO VIE, Aboa are TWO YOUTHS,
50) 26) dialog: (smiles and waves) Okey. The speedboat DISAPPEARS. Now Nancy glances down, notices varnish drips. In wild haste, she grabs a rag, begins scr furiously, her position pulling her white shorts tight an revealingly over her hips and thighs. Max Cady is very aw of this, but then he HEARS the SOFT THUD of rubber~soled cn the planking. He half turns, showing neithes alarm nor surprise as CAMERA PULLS BACK, bringing Sam INTO ANGLE. S has a ¢an of varnish thinner in his hand. He stares at Ca with barely suppressed anger.
50) 45) dialog: Thet's him, isn't it? Sam nods and puts his arm around Nancy, comforting her. DISSOLVE TO . EXT, RIVER - Day The outboard cruiser is moving at half=-speed past a line moth-balled Navy ships. Nancy is at the wheel. Sam and Pe are sitting in the stern.
51) 0) text: School is over for the day. The last pupils are flocking the crosswalk as Nancy comes OUT of the school, carrying books. Peggy's car is almost opposite the schocl gates. N burries towards it.
52) 0) text: Nancy finds it empty, and wonders where her mother is.
52) 1) dialog: gets into the car and lays her books on the seat beside h her imagination over-stimulated by thoughts of Max Cady, be anywhere at any time, she becomes increasingly anxious Rather nervously she switches on the radio. The MUSIC beg just as Nancy is trying to relax, she sees something ahea
52) 4) dialog: She is like a bird paralyzed by terror.
53) 0) text: Terror is growing on her face. She looks around. The MUSI from the car radio is still playing. She moves over to th ear door, and starts to open it. “TRACKING SHOT - (SHOOTING FROM BEHIND CaDY) with Cady in f.g., as he continues diagonally across the In front of him -- still quite a long way away -- we see little figure of Nancy get quickly out of the car, start along the pavement.
54) 0) text: This, too, is now deserted. Nancy runs toward the main sc ‘building and up the steps. to the double doors.
56) 0) text: as Nancy runs towards us. CAMEDA PANS.with her as she pas a small door -~ suddenly realizes this might be her means escape -- and doubles back to the door. She tries to open It sticks. She rattles it and it bursts open, and she run inside. es 103-0
57) 0) text: Nancy bursts the door open and runs into a small deserted classroom, (with desks, chairs and blackboard). In fear s runs forward pushing aside some chairs. CAMERA TRACKS BAC swiftly with her as she runs down a very short corridor, a corner snd dives inte a small boiler room.
57) 1) text: The classroom door that Nancy burst open is slowly swingi It shuts with a CLICK.
59) 0) text: Peggy COMES up to her car (Some distance away from "accid Something disturbs her, The car door is open -- the redio PLAYING -- Nancy's books are on the seat, Now she becomes aware of the COMMOTION just around the corner. CAMERA sta PULLING BACK with her as she runs toward the gathering Cr
59) 3) text: Pegey holds Nancy close.
59) 5) dialog: I saw him -- I saw him --! I saw that man -- he followed me... As Peggy helps Nancy to her feet and she begins to limp A iO DISSOLVE TO
65) 0) text: Subdued, still in a mild state of schock, she 1s sitting up, in a large wing-chair, occupied, clumsily, but with @ patience, in the wholly uncharacteristic activity of knit O.s. the SOUND of Sam's car coming to a halt in the drive Peggy hurries anxiously THROUGH the room, and,in passing, Nancy a look of pain and tenderness,
74) 0) text: This is a large place, Sam is in f.g., talking into phone desk, Peggy and Nancy are standing nervously beside Feggy car, as if expecting Cady to appear any moment; and a Cab Driver is taking a sleeping bag and several suitcases out it, transferring them into his cab. The Attendant makes o ticket and hands it to Peggy.
77) 0) text: The outboard cruiser is now moving slowly along a narrowe winding stretch of river, and past some dark shanty-boats “INT. COCKPIT - DUSK Holding the wheel with one hand, Sam is studying a chart the small, hooded lamp. Peggy and Nancy are standing besi him. All are wearing the same street clothes in which we Saw them, except for rubber-soled shoes. Nancy is staring the shanty-boats.
77) 1) dialog: Is it one of those?
79) 0) text: This is a fairly well-furnished combination living room, room and galley. Sam is bringing in some suitcases, and P is coming through the door of the bedroom. Nancy is unloa and stacking groceries.
79) 1) dialog: {as she works) Are we going to be completely marooned? 1 mean, no visitors or anything?
79) 3) dialog: I didn't say anything to a soul, honest. SAM ° (gives Nancy a casual hus) Have a nice voyage to nowhere. I?'11 see you in a day or two.
79) 7) dialog: Don't get lost on the way home. Peggy follows Sam OUT.
82) 0) text: Peggy and Nancy are playing backgammon, with a little tra radio playing classical MUSIC, which isn't Nancy's cup of
82) 2) dialog: (pushes away the backgammon board) I wish Daddy were back... Peggy's expression makes clear she does, too. She has bee trying hard not to pass on her own frayed nerves to Nancy the strain is beginning to show. There is the SOUND of a BUMP against the side of the boat. Pergy tenses up. Then, a gesture, tells Nancy to keep silent. She rises, turns o light, moves softly to get the automatic. Nancy, pale wit tension, strains her ears, but hears nothing. Pegey moves to the door, opans it a crack, iS1-B He hs #1913 = Changea 4/6/61 8
82) 3) text: FLOATING LOG 4s Imocking against the side of the housebos starts to drift downstream, CLOSE » PEGGY AND NANCY Peggy breathes a sigh of relief, Almost immediately they again as -.in the far distance - they hear another SOUND. NANCY ‘ What's that?... She switches OFF the radio, They listen intently.
82) 4) dialog: Sounds like a boat --
82) 6) dialog: We didn't hear any last night this late... It's coming closer... Peggy motions Nancy to get back, and gun poised in her ha peers through the crack in the door, The SOUND draws clos After a moment, Peggy relaxes.
83) 2) dialog: But where am I going to sleep?
83) 4) dialog: (far from eager) Well, okay then, Gaod night. Picking up the transistor radio, she DISAPPEARS through t room door.
88) 0) text: Sem and Nancy are playing ping-pong. Soon the phone RINGS
88) 1) dialog: Wish I thought that could be for me.
90) 6) dialog: Temporarily. Only temporarily. She gets ready to receive his serve.
95) 0) text: Nancy has dropped the ping-pong ball and it is bouncing a clattering up against the wall and some tins. As Nancy re iti :
96) 0) text: Nancy is now seated by the telephone, again nervously bou the ping-pong ball in time with the record. From time to she cannot keep from looking around.
99) 0) text: FROM CADY'S POINT OF VIEW: SHOOTING through the window of cabin we see Nancy, listening to the gramaphone.
103) 0) text: Nancy 1s still sorting out her records. Suddenly she tens as Sam's volte rings out:
110) 1) dialog: Hellot... Hello?.. Frightened now, she jiggles the receiver more violently.
113) 13) dialog: (into phone) Hello, Operator} Operator! Please answer! I heard a shot, I'm sure it was a snote.. Can't you even answer mé...2 We HEAR the rattling of the doorknob. She looks OFF. Nancy (screaming into phone } HEtS HERE! HE'S HERE! She drops the phone, runs to get behind the ping-pong tab We HEAR a crash as the door is broken open and see the pi pong table being swung aside; we have not yet seen Cady; almost hypnotized foar in Nancy's eyes is enough. sut she ducks aside again, gets behind the long redwood table; th
114) 13) dialog: Sam runs INTO SHOT and CAMERA TRAVELS with him as he seizes Nancy and almost pushes her away into the safety o undergrowth.
117) 0) text: A large Sheriff's boat is about tu leave the pier. In the strapped to a stretcher -- is Cady. Sievers is there and Deputy. As the cruiser leaves the pier CAMERA PICKS UP Sa Peggy and Nancy sitting in the stern,
118) 0) text: Sam and Peggy, with blankets over their shoulders, are si on the stern seat with Nancy, well-wrapped, dozing betwee A DEPUTY COMES INTO ANGLE, hands Peggy a paper cup of cof She glances down at Nancy, finds her asleep, decides not wake her up, extends the cup to Sam, both of them smiling ly that all of Nancy's troubles are‘so soon forgotten. Th Deputy is pouring another cup from a thermos jug. Peggy t