5) 4) dialog: (grins) Mine starts ticking the minute you leave the house. He smiles, takes her in his arms and gives her a good, so kiss, then holds her for a minute.
5) 16) dialog: That was last week. This week they're inseparable.
5) 18) dialog: (starts down steps) Come on. You know you'd rather bowl than mope around the hcuse with a long, cool gin and tonic.
8) 5) text: Sam WHISTLES and leans forward to mark score. Peggy appla
9) 12) dialog: He marks down his score.
9) 13) dialog: You are slipping. Usually you would have said the pin moved.
25) 1) dialog: (almost screaming) Sami Come quick! ANGLE NOW TAKES IN Sam and Nancy as they COME OUT the bac
25) 2) dialog: It's Marilyn! She's having a fits All three start running toward the dog house.
26) 0) text: Peggy has the station wagon started as the two APPIBAR.
26) 9) dialog: She'd better not go --
28) 14) dialog: Don't let Daddy see you like this,
29) 12) dialog: (quickiy) Darling, you know Daddy doesn't make the laws. Now run along-and _ Bet cleaned up for dinner. Sam starts getting ics out of the bucket. Peggy follows h in, trying to hide her nervousnass. She finds the whisky bottle and glasses.
29) 13) dialog: (watching bim pour) You needn't make mine so light tonight.
29) 19) dialog: ribie thing in
29) 50) dialog: ra you give that speech... vce sonviction, I Sam, I've and with might adie
29) 51) text: She has him there, and Sam grins ruefully as Peggy gats u mix herseif another drink.
30) 0) text: The room in nearly dark. Peggy is in a fitful slesp. Sudd as Worried people do, she weicens -- without knowing why. Instinctively she turns to where Sam would be, but his ha of the king-size bed is empty, the sheet thrown back.
30) 1) dialog: Sams Still not fully awake, she switches on the bed lamp, gets of bed, runs toward the dark hall.
30) 2) dialog: Samt
33) 0) text: Locking down the stairs, Peggy sees that the light is on entrance hall. She hurries down the steps.
33) 13) dialog: (softly) Sam, don't you ever do that to me again, Sam contritely puts his arm around her.
33) 15) dialog: Well? Did they arrest him?
33) 21) dialog: Well, naturally, they didn't expect him to go around smelling of wintergreen, did they?,.. What do we do now -= take turns around the clock, standing guard?
33) 23) dialog: It'll take more than “an eye" to make me feel safe after this,
33) 25) dialog: (bitterly) "Break up the pattern." That sounds like an interior decorator, They start inside,
34) 1) dialog: (stopping short) Three?
35) 0) text: Peggy is still staring at him as they top the stairs, He switches off the downstairs light; now there is only the from the bedroom door,
35) 4) dialog: Sam... do you really believe that?
35) 6) dialog: Because he might have done it that way just to fool the police, Sam sits on the edge of the bed as Peggy climbs in.
35) 8) dialog: Sam, I'm not a child. What are we going to do about this man? Sam looks at her a long moment.
50) 10) dialog: (wipes her brow) I've been looking for an excuse to quit this and I've finally found it. I just remembered I forgot to buy any paper plates and cups. She rises, rubbing her aching imees.
50) 12) dialog: You can't convict me on mere suspicion. Sam {rises, stretches) if one rat leaves the ship, why not two? (to Nancy} Want to take over this brush for a minute?
50) 46) dialog: Peggy is sitting close to Sam, messaging his swollen hand
50) 47) dialog: eee Then he's insane. He has to be. Can't he be put away?
50) 49) dialog: I wish you'd hit him with something heavy, like an anchor. You've de- fended all kinds of people. You've always said nobody's all bad - 1 almost belisved it till now.
50) 51) dialog: {looks toward Nancy) . You remember years ago when we took her to the circus and that gorilla went wild? It's the same thing now -
51) 0) text: School is over for the day. The last pupils are flocking the crosswalk as Nancy comes OUT of the school, carrying books. Peggy's car is almost opposite the schocl gates. N burries towards it.
59) 0) text: Peggy COMES up to her car (Some distance away from "accid Something disturbs her, The car door is open -- the redio PLAYING -- Nancy's books are on the seat, Now she becomes aware of the COMMOTION just around the corner. CAMERA sta PULLING BACK with her as she runs toward the gathering Cr
60) 3) dialog: I'm sorry, Sam. I'm sorry...
60) 6) dialog: Sam -- where are you going? Worried now, she starts down the stairs,
60) 8) dialog: Sam! Ske blocks his way, takes hold of his arms and in doing s feels the gun under his coat, She catches her breath - a moment of shocked surprise, then Sem brushes her aside an starts out of the room, ‘ :
60) 9) dialog: (she is eftor him) Oh no! You can't-~ You can't do a thing lixe this --!
60) 14) dialog: Sam -- are you out of your mind? Sem shakes her off, moves past her,
61) 0) text: Sam crosses toward the front door, with Peggy trying to s hin,
61) 1) dialog: Will you please listen! He didnts hurt her! He didn't touch her. She panicked when she saw him in the street. He didn't do anything, Sam!
61) 3) dialog: (loud) Sam, listen to mef! It would be murder! You know that! Do you want to ruin all of us? Isn't that exactly what he wants? Now they are at the door.
61) 4) dialog: In the name of heaven, pay him off, buy him off, Give him some money and he'll go away, but don't do this to us! Sam goes OUT the door,
62) 4) dialog: Sam, I won't let you! If you get into that car, I'll call the police, You won't get six blocks before they pick you up. CLOSE IN on Peggy as, white-faced, she turns sharply and back INSIDE. Int. LIVING ROOM - PEGGY Determined and completely in control now, she rans across room toward the study.
63) 1) dialog: Give me the police department -- please -- quick -~ Hello, TI want Captain Dutton -- yes, it's urgent ee. tell him it's Mrs, Bowden - yes, Bowden... (waits impatiently) Capt. Dutton, my husbard -- She breaks off, looks toward door, ANGLE WIDENS as Sam st in the doorway, then comes slowly in. He takes the phone,
65) 0) text: Subdued, still in a mild state of schock, she 1s sitting up, in a large wing-chair, occupied, clumsily, but with @ patience, in the wholly uncharacteristic activity of knit O.s. the SOUND of Sam's car coming to a halt in the drive Peggy hurries anxiously THROUGH the room, and,in passing, Nancy a look of pain and tenderness,
66) 0) text: Peggy meets Sam on the steps. They embrace silently. Sam for sure now that he is not just in a "war of nerves", Pe looks at him questioningly, waits for him to speak,
66) 2) dialog: I don't believe it! I simply won'ti You've said yourself he's too clever to take chances, How could he even touch her without taking a chance, There is an edge in his voice, not directed at her, but a situation itself, He doesn't want to upset her more than sary, yet it is hard to avoid the question,
66) 4) dialog: (shocked) What are you talking about? How can you say such a thing... What's the matter with you, Sam!
66) 8) dialog: A beast like that... with his record? Who would believe him?
66) 10) dialog: Please, don't go on} I don't even want to think about it! ‘He puts his arm around her,
66) 12) dialog: But there must be something else we can do... there has to del
66) 14) dialog: What are you going to do?
70) 0) text: Peggy is in bed, reading. Sam is in the dressing rocm, 0. The phone RINGS, Peggy, surprised to get a call at this l hour, picks it up.
70) 5) dialog: Hello?
70) 12) dialog: fre you sure you want this, Sem--? Hadn't we better try to get some sleep? SAM . You remember that place up near Cape Fear where we stopped in to see the Russells a couple of summers ago ~- ?
70) 17) dialog: (wonderingly) Where they were renting the house- boat? Brown's Island, wasn't it?
70) 19) dialog: Sam... what are you getting at? Sam is slow in answering, but realizes he can't avoid sta the blunt fact, Sam You won't like what I'm going to tell you, but the way things are, a showdewn with him means just one thing...
70) 20) dialog: as the impact hits her and she stares at him ineredulousl ANGLE WIDENS.
70) 22) dialog: Sam,...what's happening. to us? T can't believe we're standing here talking about killing a man...|
70) 26) dialog: (stares at him) She -- ? You can't be talking about Nancy!
70) 28) dialog: But Sam -- that won't stop the terror of itl She's only a child!
74) 0) text: This is a large place, Sam is in f.g., talking into phone desk, Peggy and Nancy are standing nervously beside Feggy car, as if expecting Cady to appear any moment; and a Cab Driver is taking a sleeping bag and several suitcases out it, transferring them into his cab. The Attendant makes o ticket and hands it to Peggy.
77) 0) text: The outboard cruiser is now moving slowly along a narrowe winding stretch of river, and past some dark shanty-boats “INT. COCKPIT - DUSK Holding the wheel with one hand, Sam is studying a chart the small, hooded lamp. Peggy and Nancy are standing besi him. All are wearing the same street clothes in which we Saw them, except for rubber-soled shoes. Nancy is staring the shanty-boats.
77) 2) dialog: (smiles) . * Of course not. Ours is gold-plated -- if the rent is any indication.
79) 2) dialog: {a little alarmed) You didn't say anything to Betty?
79) 10) dialog: (smiles) Don't you worry about Nancy. That's pioneer stosk. He takes her in his arms and kisses her. Hoth separate a reluctently. Ssm jumps down into the cockpit.
79) 12) dialog: Aye, aye, Sir$ She loosens the lines and Sam opens the TEROTILE, leaving looking small and ionely on the pier, growing more and mo of the strangeness of this place. She starts slowly back the houseboat, the SOUND of the cruiser fading in the dis
82) 0) text: Peggy and Nancy are playing backgammon, with a little tra radio playing classical MUSIC, which isn't Nancy's cup of
82) 1) dialog: (indicates redio) Want to try another &tation? Nancy shakes her head.
82) 3) text: FLOATING LOG 4s Imocking against the side of the housebos starts to drift downstream, CLOSE » PEGGY AND NANCY Peggy breathes a sigh of relief, Almost immediately they again as -.in the far distance - they hear another SOUND. NANCY ‘ What's that?... She switches OFF the radio, They listen intently.
82) 5) dialog: There are bound to be boats == The SOUND of the approaching motorboat now becomes cleare They look at each other.
82) 7) dialog: (as she sees Sam) It's Daddy, She throws open the door and Nancy rushes forward. NANcY * x Daddy . (x _ EAT, HOUSEBOAT LANDING = PEGGY AND Nancy EMERGE, as a motorboat noses up to the pier. Sam and two men are in the boat. (One of these men disembarks after S He is ANDY KERSEK, a wiry young deputy in boating clothes Sam climbs up, embraces Nancy, then turns to P. Ys, notes gon in her hand. Peggy smiles sheepishly.
82) 9) dialog: Where can I put this where it won't look so silly? Sam grins, embraces her,
83) 5) dialog: Won't you have some more coffee, Mr. Kersek?
84) 0) text: The speedboat is no longer there. Sam takes Peggy's hand assist her up to the pier. SAM (x: So far... 80 good -- we're here and Cady doesn't know it. Peggy shudders in the night air.
84) 5) dialog: Cell him....
92) 0) text: CAMERA starts on a CLOSE SHOT of Cady's boat -- hidden in small inlet and empty, CAMERA PANS up to show, in the dis across the river -= the HOUSEBOAT and LANDING and CABIN. are on in the housebeat and cabin, After a moment we see silhouette of Peggy at the houseboat window. ,
107) 0) text: Nearly numb with terror, Peggy is confronting Max Cady, s just inside the door, wet trousers clinging to his powerf thighs, the mocking smile on his lips.
107) 3) dialog: You can't be so foolisht Youtre a clever man = you never take chances - you never make a mistaket But if you take me in there you'll go back to prison for life’
107) 5) dialog: But you willt I'm not Ziks Nancy§ I'll {X) testify against you - no matter what it costs} Eelieve met “ Smiling lazily, still maintaining the tight grip on her he shoves her another step or two toward the bedroom door
108) 0) text: It is furnished like a stateroom, with a double bunk, dar except for the light coming through the door. Peggy is st Gling but Cady has her in an iron grip.
108) 2) dialog: That's not consent - you know that! It's blackmail!
113) 9) dialog: (screams) Itmalright... It's Nancy! He oniy wanted to get you away from her, Sam tenses,-horrified, suddenly realizes that Cady (Xx) has tricked him, and that Cady now has a head start; that may even now have reached Nancy. This new terror grips hi he looks at:
116) 16) dialog: her hair drenched, and her wet dress clinging to her body has struggled ashore. Though near complete exhaustion she moves toward Cady. This "interruption" gives Sam the chan to roll aside -- and again Cady goes berserk -- thrashing the ground, each and every stroke could be the death of S In terror =-- not knowing what she is doing -= Peggy runs Cady is momentarily distracted.
117) 0) text: A large Sheriff's boat is about tu leave the pier. In the strapped to a stretcher -- is Cady. Sievers is there and Deputy. As the cruiser leaves the pier CAMERA PICKS UP Sa Peggy and Nancy sitting in the stern,
118) 0) text: Sam and Peggy, with blankets over their shoulders, are si on the stern seat with Nancy, well-wrapped, dozing betwee A DEPUTY COMES INTO ANGLE, hands Peggy a paper cup of cof She glances down at Nancy, finds her asleep, decides not wake her up, extends the cup to Sam, both of them smiling ly that all of Nancy's troubles are‘so soon forgotten. Th Deputy is pouring another cup from a thermos jug. Peggy t