1) 0) text: Cady ENTERS a half-filled courtroom, finds a seat near th SAM BOWDEN, attorney for the plaintiff, is addressing the GEORGE GARNER, Sam's assistant, is seated with the plaint @ gaunt, middle-aged man, sitting somewhat awkwardly, his crossed upon a cane, Nearby is DR, PEARSALL, an old man b with an alert, competent look. Counsel for the Defense is VERNON, Beside him is a representative of the Gibraltar Insurance Company.
1) 1) dialog: (to Judge) If your Honor please. may I ask on behalf of the plaintiff that the defense's motion for an indefinite adjournment be denied?
1) 3) dialog: No, your Honor, but this weuld make the third adjournment of this case -- always due to the illness of some defense witness. Granted that this witness is i111, the defense still has eleven important witnesses able to testify, while the plaintiff has but one. I submit that eleven against one should be enough, no matter how Sickly and decrepit those eleven happen to be,
1) 11) dialog: And bone-fishing's coming on? ‘SUDGE Now, Sam, you know this courtroom gets like,an oven + you want @ hostile jury on your hands? Letts put it over vntil fall and everybody'1l be happy.
1) 12) dialog: Everybody but my client. He has money due him and he's ovadly in need of it. More important, my chief witness is avery old man. He might not be alive next fall.
1) 14) dialog: And I shouldn't have to remind Counsel that juries are people and they listen to people. I want Dr. Pearsall on the stand, not a piece of paper.
1) 15) text: He is staring at Sam Bowden as a snake might watch a bird
2) 0) text: ' Sam walks rapidly toward his car, a Chrysler station wa exchanging greetings with a couple of PASSERSBY.
3) 0) text: Sam tosses his brief case on the seat, starts the engine, abstractedly reaches for a cigarette and then the lighter At that moment a brawny arm reaches through the window on driver's side, switches off the ignition, pulls out the k Sam, caught with the lighter in his hand and taken comple by surprise, finds himself staring into Max Cady's smilin face.
3) 4) dialog: Cady... Max Cady.
3) 9) dialog: What do you want?
3) 11) dialog: All right, you've seen me. What's the rest?
3) 13) dialog: Give me my keys.
3) 15) dialog: Now let me get this straight. You're not still bleming me for what you did?
3) 23) text: See that wiggle? Just look at it. Maybe she thinks we dontt know it's on purpose, but we've seen a thing or two -- haventt we, Counsellor? His anger growing, Sam starts the engine.
3) 25) dialog: Face set, he puts the car in gear, starts backing out.
3) 27) text: Sam swings the car past Cady.
3) 29) text: Pleased with himself, he lights a cigar as he watches Sam away. :
5) 0) text: The place is on the outskirts, almost in the country. It remodeled farmnouse, neat and unpretentious, sitting well from the street with no other house within a hundred yard Sam drives in his daughter, NANCY, 12, is sitting waiting the porch steps, dressed in slacks; and there are three b ball bags beside her, Shoes are tied to the bags by their strings. She rises from the steps with an accusing look a as he gets out of the car. Marilyn, the Trish setter, rus from the steps and gives him a wildly affectionate greeti ANGLE WIDENS.
5) 2) dialog: (grins) It's a mistake to teach women how to tell time. They always use it against you. He turns as his wife, PEGGY, COMES from the house. She, t is dressed in slacks -- and very attractively. She is alw a signt to light up Sam's eyes. He moves halfway up the p steps to meet her.
5) 3) dialog: Wherets your stop watch?
5) 5) dialog: What is there about you I can't resist?
5) 7) dialog: Betty..o? Isn't that the “utterly rancid little thing" you detest with every fiber of your being?
5) 19) dialog: Wouldn't any red~blooded American? He helps her into the station wagon.
8) 1) dialog: Okay, Nancy and Betty against the champs... Tee off, Betty. You're the guest of honor, Sam sits down, gets the score paar bowl and promptly rclls a strike, dy. Botty rets up to tty and Nancy exuit.
8) 5) text: Sam WHISTLES and leans forward to mark score. Peggy appla
8) 6) dialog: I think I'll just sit here and keep score. Peggy laughs and CAMERA PANS with her as she steps up to her turn.
9) 10) dialog: He is bowling for a spare; then, as he waits for his ball turns to chalk his hands and is just starting to pick up ball when he sees Cady move to the rail in b.g. Sam stand for a moment, in shocked surprise, then turns and makes h delivery. The ball goes wide of the single pin.
9) 12) dialog: He marks down his score.
9) 14) dialog: (forces a smile) It did. Max Cady, beer in hand, APPEARS in the b.g., walking beni the rail. His syes are on Nancy getting ready to bowl o.s
9) 15) text: Cady is now nearly back to CAMERA and Nancy is in ANGLE a she makes her delivery. Cady leans over and taps Sam on t shoulder. Surprised, Sem turns into CAMERA, his back to N as her ball scatters the pins ~ the last one teeters and finally falls. Nancy leaps for jcy. But Sam Bowden is awa of none of this. He rises to his feet.
11) 1) dialog: {into phone) Mind if I drop over for a minute this evening?
11) 3) dialog: Yes, I know it. Thanks, Mark. Nancy grabs his hand as he puts down the receiver snd ste out of the booth,
11) 11) dialog: Wetll have to wind this up before long. I have to see somebody after dinner,
12) 0) text: One half the garage. has been mads into a workshop. A com Car stands in the other side. There is a long work bench, some power tools, a couple of folding chairs. Dutton pick up an opener, deftly punches two cans of beer, hands one Sam.
12) 2) dialog: Thanks. There's an ex-convict in town named Max Cady. I think he's started a war of nerves with me. I hope it's only that.
12) 4) dialog: Nothing that would hold in court. You have to know him to feel that threat. He spoke to me after court and later on at a bowling alley. He followed me.
12) 6) dialog: The question turns Sam's mind back eight years. It is an pleasant experience to recall, but he tries to keep his v matter-of-fact.
12) 10) dialog: I was up in Paltimere on a cass about eight ycars ago. One night I was walktig back to my hotel, quite lata, when I heard a kind of commotion 11 a parking lot. It was aman attacking a girl, I ran over and tried ta pull him away, but it was like pulitng at a gorilla. His strength Wan incredible, He hardiy knew I was Lhere. Then suddenly the girl got her breath back and started sereaming. He nit her and broke her jaw, and I mist have hit him at the “same instant = just right. He was Just dazed onough for ms to kesp an armicck on tim until help arrived. Then he went berserk again. It was Max Cady. {sips beer) Later I had to go back to appear against him ns a witness. The defense naturally tried to plead insanity, but they couldn't make it stick.
12) 14) dialog: That was pratty clear at the trial. I thought it was strange when he showed up here today, but I wasn't really worrted until I saw him at the Bowling Center = it was the way” he lcoked at my family. There is an extension phone on the work bench. Dutton rea for it, starts dialing, .
12) 24) dialog: Thanks, Mark, I'd batter be getting home. My family is there alone.
12) 26) dialog: (nods } She couldn't bite through a doughnut, but she's a good barker,
12) 28) dialog: I hope I'm not putting you to a lot .of trouble for nothing.
14) 0) text: Dutton meets Sam in the hall,
14) 2) dialog: Several arrests, no convictions.
14) 4) dialog: “Two of them, as I remember - the girls were afraid to testify against him. There was one suspicion of car theft and a couple of assault and batteries. (thinking back) He had a good war record, though he was suspected of shooting a couple of PoW's unnecessarily. The investi- gation cleared him.
15) 0) text: Cady watches Sam COME IN with Dutton, showing no surprise
15) 24) dialog: (grimly) Youtd be very wise to answer ite
15) 33) dialog: (voice equally hard) I'm warning you in the presence of these witnesses to stay off my property, day or night. He starts OUT after Dutton. Cady smiles as he reaches for shirte
16) 0) text: As he and Sam COME IN, Dutton closes the door behind them
16) 2) dialog: He broke three of my ribs and gave one of the officers a concussion. The girl was hospitalized for over a month.
16) 4) dialog: Tan you hold him?
16) 11) dialog: Tomorrow's Saturday - the bank!11 be closed.
16) 13) dialog: You may think I've gone cverboard about this.
16) 15) dialog: Thatis a comfort. Dutton toys with a paper clip for a long moment.
16) 18) dialog: No, a man?s innocent until proven guilty -- I read that someplace. Good night. Dutton nods as Sam starts OUT.
19) 0) text: Sam picks up the phone.
20) 0) text: Sam doesn't like the news, but had expected it.
20) 1) dialog: When will you release him?
22) 0) text: Sam frowns at this, The BARKING takes on a possible signi cance, ANGLE WIDENS as, phone in hand, he turns toward Ne at the window, .
22) 1) dialog: Whet's going on with Marilyn?
22) 8) dialog: Where's your mother?
23) 1) dialog: {into phone) You can bank on that. Thanks, Mark, He puts down the phone, rises as the BARKING STOPS,
23) 3) dialog: You know Marilyn never caught a rabbit in her life,
25) 3) text: The red setter is partially cancealed by the dog house. W SEE the dog's writhing rear legs, twitching tail, and HEA agonizing sounds she is making, Sam arrives a step or two ahead of the others.
25) 4) dialog: (takes one look) Get the car started! (pushing her). Burry! Get it started! Dazedly Peggy hurries AWAY, Sam dives behind’ the dog hou comes up with the dog in his arms, one hand holding her j together; she writhes so hard he can hardly hold her, Nan near tears as she follows Sam toward the driveway.
26) 8) dialog: (to Nancy) No, not in here = get up front -~
26) 10) dialog: I'm not going to leave her here -~ Nancy jumps in and the wagon starts off with a jerk.
27) 0) text: Sam is standing with DOCTOR LOWNEY, a big man with white The setter's body is barely visible on the operating tabl Lowney turns, stares intc Sam's tease face,
27) 2) dialog: (slowly) When she stopped barking... that must have been when he threw her the meat. :
27) 4) dialog: (grimly) Maybe she was meant to see it... As he turns to leave.
27) 5) dialog: Thank you doctor,
28) 0) text: OFFICER BROWN is searching for footprints. He hes a Germa Shephard on a chain, but the dog 4s not sniffing the grou Through the fence we can see the Bowden family in a corne the garden. Sam is shoveling dirt into a hole,
28) 1) text: Nancy is fighting tears as Sam packs down the last spadef earth. She takes a last lingering look at the grave, then walks silently away with her mother, CAMERA PANS Sam to t fence,
28) 2) text: The well-trained dog stands like a graven image as Sam AP
28) 5) dialog: Oil of wintergreen, isn't it?
28) 7) dialog: You can bet those shoes are at the bottom of the river.
28) 16) dialog: Will you cone into the liviag room for a minute? I want to speak to both of you. They FOLLOW Sam.
29) 8) dialog: There's no proof of that.
29) 10) dialog: Thinking isn't knowing. Just be eareful. This man is big -- with dark hair. He wears a cheap Panama hat. I'll get you a police photo- graph of him. Untll we have this thing under control I want you never to leave this house or the schoolgrounds except in the car. There's nothing to worry ebout if you're careful. The police have promised to keep a watch on the hovse, and hets probably only trying to scare us, anyway. e Sam starts towarac the portable bar, but Nancy isn't yet
29) 22) text: Sam nods as ha hands hsp the drink. Shs takes a long swal her hand trembiing sligatl;.
29) 39) text: : Sam . Darling, in this country you can't Jail a man for what he might do, thank heavanece
29) 51) text: She has him there, and Sam grins ruefully as Peggy gats u mix herseif another drink.
29) 53) dialog: (shakes his head) That would be the icgical thing, but Cady can afford to go any place we can goo He's get five thousand Gollars -- ne can go any place in the world om that, Here at ieast we can depand on the personal inter- est of the police.
30) 0) text: The room in nearly dark. Peggy is in a fitful slesp. Sudd as Worried people do, she weicens -- without knowing why. Instinctively she turns to where Sam would be, but his ha of the king-size bed is empty, the sheet thrown back.
33) 8) dialog: But these other poisonings ~- there was that same smell at both places?
33) 10) dialog: I'd better get back, Thanks,
33) 14) dialog: I'm sorry. I was awake and heard the car drive in...
33) 16) dialog: (shakes his head) : He checked out clean, one hundred per cent, .
33) 22) dialog: The police will keep an eye on the house.
33) 24) dialog: We're not the only taxpayers, you know. They can't stay here all the time, but they'll come and go at irregular intervals to break up the pattem.
34) 0) text: They COME IN, lock the door, end walk up the stairs, spea in whispers to avoid waking Nancy. sam Anyway, it's perfectly possible we've given Cady too much credit. There were three dogs in this general neighborhood poisoned today.
34) 2) dialog: (reassuringly) Every so often a crank comes along who hates dogs,
35) 5) dialog: Why shouldn't 1? 6k INT, MASTER BEDROCM
35) 7) dialog: Maybe. . {reaches for a cigarette on night table) But there aren't many criminals who think that far ahead. Let's not build Cady into some kind of a super- mane PEGGY . He's not just an ordinary criminal... - You said so yourself. Sam Darling, please go to sleep.
35) 9) dialog: I don’t mow yet... (lights his cigarette) But if we let him frighten us, we're playing his game.
36) 0) text: (NOTE: Dialogue is indistinguishable until middle of Pago when Sam moves toward Carner,) .
36) 4) dialog: What were your physical findings, Dr, Pearsall? A Bailiff comes into the courtroom, heads for George Garn Sam's partner,
36) 6) dialog: And the X-ray?
36) 8) dialog: By degenerative joint disease you mean arthritis?
36) 10) dialog: What was your diagnosis, Dr, Pearsall?
36) 12) dialog: Did you then perform surgery ‘upon the plaintiff?
36) 19) dialog: This surgery wes an arthrotomy of the hip-joint with cup arthroplasty?
36) 21) dialog: (to jury) I have a model which may make this operation easier to understand, . He uses this as an excuse to walk over toward Garner.
36) 22) text: Sam picks up a plaster model of a hip-joint, plus a small metal cup, while whispering to Garner.
36) 23) dialog: What is it?
36) 25) dialog: (anxiously) Right now?
36) 27) dialog: (to Judge) . Your Honor, may I be excused for a few minutes? My partner, Mr, Garner, will continue the questioning.
36) 29) dialog: Keep him on as long as you can, The Jury likes him.
37) 0) text: The door is open, Dutton is on the phone, DUTTON . Okey, then tell the County it's their case... Come on back in. Sam has WALKED IN during this; Dutton puts down the phone toward doorway. He looks a little worried. His voice is l
37) 2) dialog: He got himself the right man,
38) 0) text: Max Cady, smoking a cigar, is soated there with DAVE GRAF a plump, shréwd man wearing thick-lensed glassos. Grafton rises as Dutton and Sam ENTER, Cady deliberately keeps hi seat, glancing at Sam with a bland, faintly mocking smile ignores him, shakes hands with Grafton,
38) 5) dialog: Hello, Dave,
38) 7) dialog: Itm here as a citizen, not 4s a lawyer. Don't worry about the technicalities. They sit down across the small table.
38) 13) dialog: Did he protest the search?
38) 22) text: Sam is very aware that Cady's eyes are on him ninety per of the time -- with the ever-present mocking gleam,
38) 24) dialog: All right, what are you getting at? Don't the police have a right to interrogate a suspect any more?
38) 42) dialog: (before Dutton can make an angry answer) Are you referring to my house?
38) 54) dialog: (flatly) Like a rape or a murder? 43 Dutton is Dutton looks hot and harassed; his anger is not directed Sam, but it almost seems so,
38) 56) dialog: Then what am I supposed to do? Puil up the drawbridge, sit home with a loaded gun, have the groceries dropped by Air Lift? Kind of an artifical way to live, wouldn't you say?
38) 61) dialog: I don't want to pull the "I pay my taxes" routine on you, Mark, but is that the best you can do? You'rs telling me to go hire protection!
47) 0) text: A taxi is waiting outside the house as Sam Bowden drives gets out hurriedly, looking to be sure of the address. He dressed hastily and wears no.tie. He walks quickly into t
48) 0) text: SHOOTING DOWN the staircase as Sam hurries in and up the CAMERA PANS AND TRACKS with him to include Sievers ané th policemen, who are waiting outside Diane's room.
48) 8) text: of Diane as - with tears in her eyes = she hesitates. Con and in turmoil she turns away from him and CAMERA PANS AN with her as she hurries down the stairs, At the front doo Pauses again, then suddenly turns around and looks back u stairs at Sam. In a half choked little voice:
49) 0) text: Sievers, Sam and the two policemen are looking down at th empty hall. Then Sievers makes room for the officers to p
49) 3) dialog: Seems Cady has you spotted. Should you put another man on him?
49) 5) dialog: What next?
50) 0) text: This is a commercial affair, not a club. The Bowden boat its slip, a small cabin cruiser with twin outboards. A fa number of other slips are empty. The entire Bowden family work, busily sanding the trim and polishing the brightwor except for Sam, who is varnishing. A big, sleek Chriscraf out of a nearby slip, starts out of the basin. The family waves mockingly at the laboring Bowdens. Nancy looks afte wistfully.
50) 7) dialog: It's on our fiscal program for 1980,
50) 9) dialog: What we haven't got.
50) 14) dialog: Just to get a little thinner from Tony. The varnish 1s thickening up.
50) 16) dialog: No, you represent a giant stride in evolution. Just don't drip varnish on the deck, Sam has been working near the stern. With a wry look, Nan moves to take his place as Sam assists Poggy to the catwa 63 oh
50) 27) dialog: . (low, tight voice) What are you doing here? Caby Why, I'm having a beer, Counsellor, and I'm smoking this here cigar.
50) 32) dialog: Do it some place else.
50) 34) dialog: Look, maybe you can get away with poisoning my dog, and beating up a little drifter like Diane Taylor, but don't push your luck with me. Youtre heading right back to jail and this time it'll be for good. Nancy has now heard them. She stands up, facing them.
50) 36) dialog: As he realizes clearly for the first time that Cady repre @ seXual threat to Nancy.
50) 37) dialog: Why you filthy minded ... He instinctively throws a punch, ANGLE WIDENING. The blow on Cady's cheek with a sharp CRACK. Cady's eyes blink and he grins. Sam, expecting him to retaliate, swings again. Obviously a trained boxer, Cady tekes the blow with his h moving away, but still it lands hard. Now Nancy is runnin toward them. Several people appear from farther down the Venting the wrath and tension of weeks, Sam hits Cady wit left and then another right. Still Cady keeps his feet, m taining his grin, partially side-slipping the blows but s none himself. Sam hesitates as he begins to realize Cady fight back, :
50) 46) dialog: Peggy is sitting close to Sam, messaging his swollen hand
50) 48) dialog: Legally, ne's sane. He knew exactly what he was doing just now. Look how he maneuvered me into making a public display of myself.
50) 50) dialog: How's Nancy? She hasn't said much.
50) 59) dialog: The gorilla was in a nice, air~ conditioned cage, but how in the name of God, do you cage a man like Max Cady?
60) 0) text: as Sam hurries up to the bed. |
60) 1) dialog: (as he ENTERS) How is she? He is looking down at Nancy, who is asleep in the bed. Sh locks pale, and even in sleep, her face seems troubled.
61) 0) text: Sam crosses toward the front door, with Peggy trying to s hin,
61) 2) dialog: { cold) . Pine, Then I'll just wait until he does, He shoves her aside once more and makes for the front doo Peggy runs after him.
62) 0) text: Sam is striding toward his car, as Pegsy APPEARS on the p Her voice this time matches his own purposeful mood,
63) 2) dialog: (inte phone) Sorry -- false alarm, Mark, Every- thing's all right... I'll talk to you later, He puts the phone down, sits thoughtfully on the edge of desk, Peggy takes him by the hand, leans her face against arm, relieved. Sam still boiling mad, is figuring out his move as wa,
63) 8) dialog: (beckons ) Waiter, ‘ Cady sits down, turns to the Waiter,
63) 10) dialog: How much do you. want, Cady?
63) 12) dialog: I said, how much do you want?
63) 14) dialog: That's it,
63) 23) dialog: Let's have the answer,
63) 25) dialog: _ Stick to the point, How mech? He drains Sam waits” that Cady must make
63) 28) dialog: Ten thousand dollars now - and another ten thousand over the next two years, providing you stay out of this state, CADY . What if I camo back after tho money ran out?
63) 33) dialog: I'll give you @ simple answer to that one, I'll kill you, cADY (smiles; then seems to consider) Twenty grand, that's less than three thousand per for my eight years, Don't seem like you've hsard about ths Minimum Wage Law, Counsellor, But just for the fun of it, let's get back to the value of a family. Now maybe you didn't know I had a family. . His second drink arrives, Cady takes a long swallow, ease back into the old mocking manner,
63) 34) text: One wife, one kid -- that's what I had when you sent me up, Mary dumped me pronto, She never even visited. I signed the papers for the divorce -- “SAM Understandable,
63) 36) dialog: Why tell me all this?
63) 43) dialog: I'm getting it.
63) 46) dialog: So it's no deal.
63) 49) dialog: And for little toe, I'm to understand child, is that it?
63) 51) dialog: (calmly) My train of thought!... You shocking degenerate. I've seen the worst, the dregs... but you... you are the lowest »e-it's sickening to breathe the same air, He turns and walks OUT, ANGLE WIDENING, Max Cady smiles l and gives the Waiter the high sign.
64) 0) text: Sam Bowden comes OUT and walks around the corner.
64) 7) dialog: Can you tell me where I can find Alex Jepson? The proprietor indicates a back door at tr rear of the establishment.
64) 12) dialog: Very good.
64) 14) text: ss) ° SAM No, thanks,
64) 19) dialog: Afraid not.
64) 22) text: , I've seen you somewhere...if it's one thing I'm good at, it's faces. ! Sam (grins) I must have the kind of face that gets around.
64) 24) dialog: Free country. JEPSON walks INTO shot.
64) 28) dialog: His name is Max Cady. You can usually find him in The Boar's Head, : JEPSON . : What do I want to find him for?
64) 34) dialog: I want you to work him over. Jepson considers this.
64) 36) dialog: You were recommended by Charlie Sievers,
64) 38) dialog: Let's say medium well,
64) 40) dialog: No, not that. I just want you to eonvince this man that he should leave town...for gaod. Jepson studies the picture.
64) 42) dialog: (nods) Three.
64) 44) dialog: (hesitates) Randolph. Jepson isn't taken in, grins.
65) 0) text: Subdued, still in a mild state of schock, she 1s sitting up, in a large wing-chair, occupied, clumsily, but with @ patience, in the wholly uncharacteristic activity of knit O.s. the SOUND of Sam's car coming to a halt in the drive Peggy hurries anxiously THROUGH the room, and,in passing, Nancy a look of pain and tenderness,
66) 0) text: Peggy meets Sam on the steps. They embrace silently. Sam for sure now that he is not just in a "war of nerves", Pe looks at him questioningly, waits for him to speak,
66) 1) dialog: Peggy, this is no war of nerves. He ‘won't be bought off... it's Nancy he's after and he'll get to her sooner or later -- unless I change his mind, Her body tenses under his arm; her face suddenly looks as and drawn as his own,
66) 3) dialog: (glances to- ward window) What would you do if she were attacked?
66) 5) dialog: Would you have him arrested? Have him tried? Naturally, he'd deny the whole thing, That means that Nancy
66) 9) dialog: No one == but that wouldn't stop the questions.
66) 11) dialog: Cady knows that we couldn't put Nancy through an ordeal like that... He knows that for all of us the trial would never end,
66) 13) dialog: (grimly) There is.
66) 15) dialog: Let's just say I'm going to talk to him in the only language he under- stands,
70) 0) text: Peggy is in bed, reading. Sam is in the dressing rocm, 0. The phone RINGS, Peggy, surprised to get a call at this l hour, picks it up.
70) 7) dialog: comes IN from the dressing room, takes one look at Peggy' and strides toward her. He takes the phone out of her han tens for a moment. His expression changes from shock to s rage.
70) 8) dialog: Now listen to me, Cady, ‘This is what you asked for, and it isn't one tenth Of.ec
70) 18) dialog: That's the one... it's not even on the chart. So much the better, (gets up) I'm going to have a showdown with Cady -- and it'll be at a time and place of my choosing. Peggy has started to pour the coffee. Now she stops, fina forces herself to ask the question,
70) 21) dialog: No, I'm not going to grab a gun and go running cut like a wild man again. This time I'm going to let Cady make the mistake,
70) 23) dialog: We're talking about more than that «sewe're talking about the best way to do it.
70) 27) dialog: I promise I won't go ahead with it until everything is airtight. T won't make a single move that will put her in any danger.
70) 29) dialog: And if we wait until he catches her really alone? He will if we make one slip -- Wnat about the terror then?
71) 0) text: It is early. Neither jury nor spectators are yet present. bailiff is putting notes, books, etc. on the judge's desk Grafton is just COMING CUT of the judge's chambers as Sam IN, carrying his brief case. The bailiff opens a window a LEAVES. Sam and Grafton confront each other at the rail s rating the jurOrs' section from the spectators! benches, Grafton's jaw, already set, sets even tighter at sight of
71) 4) dialog: Good morning, Daves
71) 6) dialog: Well enough, thank you, He is starting toward the counsel's table, opening his br
71) 8) dialog: (stops short) You haven't wasted any time, have. you? ‘GRAFTON / I'm just getting started. The Committee ‘on Ethics is in session up at the Capitol right now... and they move fast. You'd better be ready to tell ‘em your story by tomorrow.
71) 9) dialog: You don't think the Committee will wait to see if I'm convicted of any- thing in court? GRAaF TON The Committee is’ only concerned with ‘keeping the legal profession beyond reproach. And after what happened last night, I'll be most interested in how you answer that one! People are beginning to’ file in; Grafton turns away.. Ge Garner comes up to Sam,
71) 13) dialog: You'll have to do the summation, George. I only came down this morn- ing to tell you that I'm off the case. I'm going to tell the Judge now. Before the surprised Garner can reply, Sam moves toward t door of the Judge's chambers.
73) 2) dialog: And if I'm arrested, who's going to protect my family? Can you? You haven't yet!
73) 4) dialog: To hell with Dave Grafton -- this is my one chance to prove the truth about Cady!
73) 8) dialog: I tell you I've got this worked out! There's a houseboat up near Cape Fear, with a little shore cabin -- @ tele- phone.., but it's isolated and hard to find. It's a perfectly plausible place for me to hide my family --
73) 10) dialog: That's the one thing that had me stopped. But this morning Grafton handed me'the perfect answer right on a platter. He's forcing me to fly up to Atlanta to appear before the Ethics Committee... and you can bet that his friend Mr. Cady will be tailing me clear to the airport. Oh, I'il make my appearance, all right -- and then I'll hire a car and cut across to the coast -- that's eighty-five miles -- and hire a boat at Hennessey's Land-~ ing. In four hours I'1l be at Cape Fear, and Cady'1ll think I'm still sweating 1t out in Atlanta.
73) 13) dialog: I've already rented the place, under ancther name, of course. I'll t2ke them there this afternoon by boat --
73) 17) dialog: Except you will te shadowing him and we won't leave unless I get an all-clear from you. I'12 rig it 50 Cady'll think they went some place in my wife's car -- any place but Cape Fear. The second step is to lure him up there when we're ready «.. that's your department, too. He knows you're tied in with this case, He'll follow you when you leave town if you make it look right. You'll have to work out a good reason for going there -~ and for coming back... to leave him a clear field.
73) 20) dialog: That's it... and I ean hardly wait.
73) 22) dialog: It'll be more than simple trespass -~ but I won't wait until he wines the blood off his hands, either.
73) 30) dialog: You know the sheriff. Are you going to stand on ceremony at a time like this? All you have to de is pick up the telephone.
73) 32) dialog: I don't want half a dozen deputies. That would be the surest way of tipping it off to Cady an@ Grafton. One is all I can risk. One is all I'm asking for. Do TI get him?
73) 34) dialog: The biggest would be just to sit still and wait.
73) 37) dialog: I Know... I know... but the most im- portant thing to me is that Nancy, and Pegzy will be safe!
73) 44) dialog: Two men with guns against one with- out, You know Cady's much tco smart to risk being caught with a gun on him, And - don't forget - he'll expect to catch Nancy” and Pegey there alone! There is a long pause. Finally Dutton moves to the teleph
74) 0) text: This is a large place, Sam is in f.g., talking into phone desk, Peggy and Nancy are standing nervously beside Feggy car, as if expecting Cady to appear any moment; and a Cab Driver is taking a sleeping bag and several suitcases out it, transferring them into his cab. The Attendant makes o ticket and hands it to Peggy.
74) 1) dialog: (into phone) Where are you?
75) 1) dialog: (into phone } Good. I'm leaving Mrs. Bowden's car here, They're going to put it in dead storage. Tt1l call you tomorrow. : He hangs up, joins Peggy and Nancy, who are already getti into the cab.
77) 0) text: The outboard cruiser is now moving slowly along a narrowe winding stretch of river, and past some dark shanty-boats “INT. COCKPIT - DUSK Holding the wheel with one hand, Sam is studying a chart the small, hooded lamp. Peggy and Nancy are standing besi him. All are wearing the same street clothes in which we Saw them, except for rubber-soled shoes. Nancy is staring the shanty-boats.
77) 8) dialog: (switching off lamp) We should have kept to the left of Keg Island, about a mile back. May- be itts for the best - if anyonets been following us we'll see him.
78) 0) text: The outboard cruiser, engines IDLING, is moored to a narr Also moored there, on the downstream side, is a small hou with a clean, modern look. Near the base of the pier is a rustic cabin, with a masonry barbecue nearby. Except for clearing, the shore is densely wooded. Lights are on in t houseboat. Sam is carrying some suitcases from the cruise the houseboat.
79) 0) text: This is a fairly well-furnished combination living room, room and galley. Sam is bringing in some suitcases, and P is coming through the door of the bedroom. Nancy is unloa and stacking groceries.
79) 9) dialog: Think she'll be able to stand all this shattering peace and quiet?
79) 11) dialog: Cast off!
80) 0) text: Sam is boarding a piane with several other. passengers.
83) 0) text: Sam and Andy Kersek are finishing an early supper.
83) 3) dialog: With Mother. Mr. Kersek and I'!1l sleep on shore.. Good night.
84) 0) text: The speedboat is no longer there. Sam takes Peggy's hand assist her up to the pier. SAM (x: So far... 80 good -- we're here and Cady doesn't know it. Peggy shudders in the night air.
84) 1) dialog: You can still say no if you want to, Peg. :
85) 0) dialog: Sam is looking concerned, Peggy is toying with a fishing Finally Sam replies into the phone.
85) 1) dialog: Well, I still think he will, You're the only lead he has, Start things moving tomorrow.
90) 0) dialog: Sam's disappointment is obvious, and'this is a hard decis
90) 1) dialog: (into phone) If he hasn't been watching you at - all, then trying it sgain won't work, either, I can't keep things set up here indefinitely, so... come on. He hangs up, ANGLE WIDENING to take in Nancy, who is look at him curiously.
90) 2) dialog: (picks up paddle} I had you seven nothing, didn't 17
94) 0) text: With the MUSIC quite loud in his ears, Sam is well concea clump of high grass and bushes near the cabin. He, too, i bothered by mosquitoes but slaps at them very quietly. He very much “on the alert" - suddenly he hears a SOUND from cabin and turns sharply.
95) 2) dialog: who now "realizes" that the SOUND was only caused by Nanc looks back towards the river.
99) 17) dialog: as he relaxes from stretching his muscles, and looks at: mz ,~ ahs,
99) 20) dialog: as he lcoks more intently through the bushes at: EXT. HOUSEBOAT LANDING = SAM*S POINT OF ViEW - NIGHT The houseboat lights are visible through the bushes, but there is an appreciable distance between them and the pie
100) 0) text: Ineredulously, thinking that his eyes must be deceiving h Sam rises cautiously for a better look.
101) 2) dialog: Kerseki Kersek? There is no answer, Sam slides down the bank,
103) 0) text: Nancy 1s still sorting out her records. Suddenly she tens as Sam's volte rings out:
103) 2) dialog: Ask the Operator for the Sheriff's Office! Tell them to send some men here fast! He turns and DISAPPEARS. Very frightened, she dials "0."
104) 0) text: Sam starts running dowhstream along the bank. The thick b end willows impede him; he tries the water's edge, splash along in water a foot or so deep. Even this is difficult, jecting branches still get in his way.
104) 1) dialog: CAMERA TRACKS BACK with him as he races along the bank,
105) 1) dialog: He decides to abandon the river bank and try cutting inla across the island, Pushing through the thick brush, he re more open ground, begins running.
109) 0) text: CAMERA PANS OVER some tell grass in the water, and a seco later picks up Sam swimming from the island to intercept houseboat.
111) 0) text: Sam races to a small door. He tries it, finds it lucked. a moment of futile shaking of the knob and obsessed by th for speed, he takes out his revolver and SHOOTS the lock pushes inside, gun ready.
112) 0) text: This is a short, narrow hallway lighted only by the faint glow coming through the open door. Drawers and cabinet-do line both sides. Sam tries the door at the far end; this, is locked. But it is a lighter door; he throws himself ag it and it bursts open,
113) 2) text: off-balance by the sudden yielding of the door, Sam half- into the room, which at first seems almost totally dark. ‘mocks over a chair-in his first rush. kxpecting to find there, Sam recovers as fast as he can, holding the revolv tight against his body so that it cannot be knocked asido Then he HEARS a faint whimper. Huddled in a corner is FP bound and gagged, gripped by a fear and hysteria nearly t great to be borne. Sam hurrios to her.
113) 8) dialog: {as he unties her) Peggy «~- Peggy -- As her gag is removed and Peggy gets her breath;
114) 3) text: as Cady manages to get a grip on Sam and begins to force body and head beneath the surface of the water, in exactl same way that he drowned Kersek.
114) 4) text: Then, unexpectedly, Sam's right hand suddenly emerges fro water, clutching a faire-sized rock. He manages to bring right arm to bang the rock against Cady'ts skull. ‘Cady, tarily stunned, falls back and Sam flounders onto the ban and runs towards the cabin,
114) 6) dialog: Nancy$ Run -~ run and hide! -- Run! -- But he cannot see her.
114) 14) dialog: Now Sam turns and SEES:
116) 0) text: Sam picks up a heavy barbecue poker, and hurries out with as Cady reaches the porch steps. (X) EXT. SHORE CABIN - NiGHT Cady is coming up the porch steps as Sam runs out. The tw men launch themselves at each other. Cady (on the steps), caught off balance, and crashes to the ground. But he has hoid on Sam and brings him down too. The poker flies out Sam's grasp, Cady rolls aside and seizes up the poker,
116) 6) dialog: hidden by the undergrowth. CAMERA PANS with him as he mov silently forward -- towards the revolver....
116) 8) dialog: darts aside through some trees. Cady following him. Now C suddenly jumps to one side, and for an instant it looks a though Sam is trapped against the trunk of a tree. . Cady vances on him, and suddenly swings viciously with the pok By a hair's breadth Sam contrives to move aside. The poke whistles through the air and cuts through the bark of the like matchwood,.
116) 9) dialog: stumbles through the long grass and brushwood and flings self down the gully. Hidden by undergrowth and tall grass edges himself down to the river bank -- and the revolver.
116) 11) dialog: CAMERA TRACKS with him as he makes his way down the gully the water's edge. He reaches it and begins to search in t grass for the revolver, At last he sees it -- a few feet He is just reaching it, and has almost got his hands on i when suddenly he has to roll aside, Almost simultaneously poker crashes through the air and cuts into a log, splint it.
116) 15) dialog: conceals himself in the long grass. Savagely, Cady thrash at the undergrowth. Each blow makes a dull and sickening One savage stroke comes near to hitting Sem -- and he has move aside and give himself away. Cady leaps towards him, Sam -- pressed against the far bank of the gully -- seems be at his mercy. Cady “savours" this for a brief moment, then raises the p for the "kill." In the same instant there is a TERRIFIED
116) 17) dialog: This gives Sam the chance he has been waiting for. Ina la desperate gamble, he scrambles forward towards the revolv Cady comes after him. Sam gropes for the gun -- and just Cady is about to hit him, Sam gets the revolver and twist around and fires.
116) 19) dialog: In the same moment Sam is on his feet -~- revolver levell Cady. For a brief second both men are face to face -- the Cady sinks to his knees, slumps forward.
116) 21) dialog: revolver pointed at Cady's head -- leoking down at him.
116) 26) dialog: The two men stare at each other. CADY . Go ahead... I don't give a damn...
116) 27) dialog: Revolver pointed down at Cady's head, He hesitates. There a long silence. Then Sam makes up his mind,
116) 28) dialog: No... no... that would be letting you off too easy -- too fast... Remember? --I do... we're going to nurse you back to health. You're strong, Cady... You're going to live a long, long life -- in a cage <= that's where you're going -- back to your cage =~ for life!.... Bang your head against the wall -- fight yourself -- count the years, the months -~ count the minutes -- until the day you roti....
118) 0) text: Sam and Peggy, with blankets over their shoulders, are si on the stern seat with Nancy, well-wrapped, dozing betwee A DEPUTY COMES INTO ANGLE, hands Peggy a paper cup of cof She glances down at Nancy, finds her asleep, decides not wake her up, extends the cup to Sam, both of them smiling ly that all of Nancy's troubles are‘so soon forgotten. Th Deputy is pouring another cup from a thermos jug. Peggy t