23) 0) text: Three Aryan Brothers in business suits get out of the rea the Escalade and Suburban with a driver in each.  Our two "Russians" approach from their Cadillac with a backup Cadillac and one driver on the other side. CLOSER:  ARYAN BROTHERS.  Friendly.  Hip-hop culture has invaded White Supremacist gangs.  Buzz cuts.  Goatees.  A couple of diamond earrings.
23) 2) dialog: Sure, man.
23) 4) dialog: Meth.  Glass, ice, K's, E's, Mitsu's, Ames, Ex...whatever you need.  Coke?  Tonnage.  And Colombian H.  But give us a heads up... The Aryan Brother pops him a couple of vials. ARYAN BROTHER #1 (cont'd)
23) 6) dialog: Yeah... (beat)
23) 9) dialog: Okay.  You got lotsa green.  We got all the goodies.  We party. Larry'll call you in the AM and talk money, quantity, time and place... WIDEN.  Everybody goes back to their cars.  As the two "Russians" get into theirs, Aryan Brother #1 turns from t running board of the Escalade with his driver's door open
23) 10) dialog: Hey, Ivan!  I forgot to ask you something, my brother... He looks at his partner and nods, who says something into Nextel. ARYAN BROTHER (cont'd)
23) 12) text: The three Aryan Brothers approach the steaming cars with chopped-up occupants and take the gym bag full of cash. Escalade driver dons night-vision goggles.  They load up drive off as we hear the "thump, thump" of Air Support an some distant sirens.  Meanwhile...
119) 3) text: and we see she is tied to a chair that is bolted to the f Her clothes are disheveled and ripped.  She tries to focu Then somebody's thick arms are fitting something around h neck.  A blindfold goes over her eyes.  Around her neck i C-4 "necklace" like the one we saw on Stevens' wife in th beginning of the film.  The arms and back belong to the d chested Aryan Brother we saw from the Stevens' house and Coleman's double-wide.  MOVE IN ON GINA.  He reaches belo the frame and does something.  Gina writhes away from him the chair.  He laughs.  He backs away from her to camera...and holds something in his hand.
121) 2) dialog: El Tiburon. Coleman takes the satellite phone, attached to a laptop. enters a number.  A frequency-response graphic displays i the computer.  His conversation with El Tiburon is encryp so the voices are distorted...
141) 2) dialog: You order Chinese?
141) 5) dialog: Don't... Too late.  Door's opened.
143) 8) dialog: rising from a bare mattress with an aluminum baseball bat coming up behind Tubbs.
143) 12) dialog: Shoot me, she dies.  Hey, fuck it, man.  We can all go.
143) 17) dialog: Fuck... BLAM.  That's all he gets out.  Trudy does exactly that. Aryan Brother falls like a felled tree.  Tubbs retrieves detonator.  Trudy unties Gina.  Carefully, Tubbs pulls th sensitive remote detonator from his hands.