30) 44) text: Run a few loads for Montoya into South Florida.  Into this group.
30) 48) text: And you will share with them all         your intel on Montoya...        
63) 0) text: Doors open.  The interior has been converted into a luxurious, limo-like office with swivel seats.  Isabella followed by Crockett and Tubbs enter.  It's occupied by ARCHANGEL DE JESUS MONTOYA-LONDONO.  He's not flashy.  He smooth skin, slightly opalescent, black eyes.  His right is normal length, but shriveled.
63) 1) dialog: Please take that seat on the side...
63) 3) dialog: (polite, friendly)
63) 8) text: If you are arrested, there will be lawyers made available to you in the United States.  You will use them.  Anything you need, you will be provided by me.  It cost you nothing.  You will contact and work through JosГ© Yero on logistics and communications.  To do with money, you will work through my wife, Isabella... Crockett notices that Montoya lightly holds her hand.  It confident.  And he sees the slight smile on Isabella's fa as she watches he and Tubbs... MONTOYA (cont'd)
66) 8) text: And, now, she gets it.  Gina is in the kitchen.  Alone, i their secret safe-house location.  She and Tubbs have not to say.  He looks to Crockett.  The message from Montoya- Londono is clear:  I know you.  I can reach out and locat you our yours.  Anytime.  YOU ARE NOT SAFE.
86) 34) text: And what is that? This is the wife of narcotrafficker Archangel de Jesus Montoya-Londono.
91) 0) text: fall onto a bed, shedding the last of their clothes, maki love in a house somewhere.  Beyond them is an open window the ocean.  The sky turns red and grey but the water stay molten. Their eyes are open...because they're locked together the whole time and their faces are steady and urgently surpri because this is not language; not a symbol, not a representation of a thing.  Jesus Montoya is not here.  M is not here.  This is discovery.  This is fact.  They hav discovered each other and have never felt like this about anyone before in their lives.
94) 12) text: She spoke many languages.  We were in Luanda when she died.  I went to her friends in Mali.  They sent me to the Ecole Polytechnique in Geneva to study mathematics, where I met Montoya in the discos.  He had banking there...I was seventeen and very much into the clubs.  And he sent me to University for an MBA in Finance. (pause)
103) 3) dialog: Precursor shipments from Ras Tanura and Ju'aymah?
103) 5) dialog: Not French registry?
103) 7) dialog: JosГ© doesn't like the deal in South Florida... Montoya's referring to Crockett.  Alarm bells go off.
103) 11) dialog: But what does your intuition tell you...? Is he suspicious?  Does he suspect Isabella and Crockett lovers?
103) 13) dialog: And...?
103) 16) dialog: Why?
103) 19) dialog: That's my girl... Montoya uses Isabella and her sexual allure to gather ins into the people he does business with.  That's part of th deal. MONTOYA (cont'd)
103) 24) dialog: (careful)
103) 27) text: I like the diminished risk.  It frees up capital reserves.  I like working with self-interested businessmen who are competent.  You can predict their behavior.... Montoya looks at her very carefully.  She stares right ba at him. ISABELLA (cont'd)
103) 28) text: On the other hand...if what you wish, mi corazon, is la plumba...the lead?  Then let's do that.  Accept their deal.  After the load is received...we will close their eyes forever... She looks at Montoya squarely.  It hangs in the air.  In strange process of decision-making, Montoya reaches a conclusion...
103) 29) dialog: Let's try a few runs with these partners, I think.  I will tell JosГ©... If Isabella is pleased, she doesn't show it.  Montoya continues to stare at her unwavering expression, frozen i stone.  He smiles, then, and starts to take off her cloth He reaches for her hand and brings her to him.  She kisse him and he puts aside his cigar, pulls her face into his neck, and she runs her hands down him...
108) 1) dialog: (to an Assistant)
108) 2) text: Do you have him? Assistant nods.  Montoya takes the heavy handset... MONTOYA (cont'd)
109) 3) dialog: (in Spanish)
109) 6) text: Too good at what they do, I don't know.  Something I don't like. They are wrong... Montoya thinks.
109) 7) dialog: (in Spanish)
109) 8) text: Isabella likes them.  We made their deal. Montoya hangs up.  JosГ© Yero looks at the phone.
115) 33) text: But none of this will happen.  So it doesn't matter.  Because we are on the Guajira Peninsula.  And all you see around you...look around... is Archangel de Jesus Montoya- Londono.  He is my man.  And you are a smuggler moving a load... Her eyes say that she listened to his warnings and will disregard them.  Life is dust.  Meaning is in the moment, that's right now. The intensity is because it's impossible.  Because it's impossible, they've been free to imagine.  And that's mad the heat of it stronger...