40) 0) text: The crystalline north star -- as if seen through an instrument. COLUMBUS' silhouette, by an oil lamp, standing at the prow.  Holding a quadrant he is aiming at the stars. SOME SAILORS are watching with curiosity.  One of them is ALONSO, a rough, stocky Basque. Near COLUMBUS, on a tressel, various books and charts.  H makes an entry in the log.  Then goes back to his quadrant.  He senses MENDEZ standing next to him.
40) 22) text: ALONSO does not seem convinced.
40) 23) dialog: How do you know land is on the twenty eighth parallel?
41) 0) text: A blazing sun.  The ship is like a furnace, its brass fittings too hot to touch, the blistering heat making the air shimmer over the decks. Desperate for shade, sailors are sheltering under the sagging prow sail. The SHIP'S BOY throws an empty bucket attached to a rope over the side and hauls it back up again, brimming with water.  As he turns, we see his face, disfigured by a hai lip.  He drenches himself... From the shade, ALONSO watches him.
41) 1) dialog: Chicken-ass face!
41) 2) text: The others laugh.  The BOY, ashamed, tries to ignore them ALONSO'S hand accidentally touches a brass fitting; he reacts like he was burnt.
41) 3) dialog: Shit!
41) 5) dialog: I never seen heat like this!  Not even in Las Minas!
41) 7) dialog: You'll be drinking your own piss... For the glory of Spain... and Admiral Colon...!  Bastard!
41) 9) dialog: What are you listening to, chicken ass?
41) 11) dialog: With a face like that? (to boy) I don't want you looking at me.  You hear?
41) 13) dialog: He's the devil's child...
43) 1) dialog: We should have seen land.
43) 3) dialog: Can't be that far, I say.  Also, I don't like the smell of the sea around here.  Smells like a cunt. Bad sign...
43) 6) text: They all laugh.  Alonso looks up at COLUMBUS standing on the poop deck, scrutinizing the horizon, waiting for the land to appear.
43) 7) dialog: And why does this one take to the sea?  Nobody knows.  Never says a word...
47) 0) text: ABSOLUTE STILLNESS.  A FURNACE.  The three ships like dots, on what seems to be a prairie of weed. The caravels are being towed by three rowing boats. CLOSE ON THE MEN, rowing, drenched with sweat. FROM THE PROW, COLUMBUS is staring at the horizon. ALONSO pulling at his oars stares at COLUMBUS' distant figure with hate and resentment. ALONSO suddenly ships his oars, throwing the whole boat into disarray.  Chaos. Total silence.  MENDEZ and ALONSO stare at each other.
47) 2) dialog: To where?
47) 3) text: ALONSO defiantly stares at MENDEZ.  He then starts to bea a rhythm on the hull with his fist, followed by the others.  In the two other boats, the MEN begin to follow suit, beating a rhythm of protest on the hulls. MENDEZ looks up to COLUMBUS, in panic. ON BOARD PINZON'S SHIP, an OFFICER cups his hands to his mouth.
50) 0) text: Most of the men are now back on board. They go silent as COLUMBUS appears.  He walks slowly over to them.  All, including ALONSO, are surly, threatening..
50) 2) text: He looks up and down the line, finishing on ALONSO.  They stare at one another.
50) 3) dialog: God doesn't want us to cross the ocean...!  This voyage is cursed!
50) 6) dialog: We set sail for greed.  God has abandoned us.  The voyage is cursed. There are signs...
50) 7) text: ALONSO glances towards the SHIP'S BOY, with his hair lip. The BOY lowers his eyes.  COLUMBUS moves towards him, pulls him forward, stands him in front of ALONSO.
50) 9) text: Some of the men laugh at this statement.  ALONSO is ill a ease.  COLUMBUS pauses, looks around at all the MEN.
64) 3) text: ALONSO is quiet and silent.  His eyes are looking around at his companions.  UTAPAN shakes his head.  There is nothing he can do. ALONSO is now leaning back, supported by one of his friends.  He has grabbed the forearm of a SAILOR.  His look is already far away.  His companion shouts at UTAPAN
64) 6) text: ALONSO starts convulsing.  HIS FRIENDS hold him, desperat in their helplessness.  Others simply move away, horrified.  One of them cries.
128) 0) text: One of the MEN in black clothes removes his hat and steps forward.  We recognize him as ALONSO DE BOBADILLA, the ma COLUMBUS humiliated at the rotunda. COLUMBUS is sitting at his desk, studying plans with GIACOMO.  Some other MEMBERS of the COUNCIL are with them