15) 0) text: An El Greco painting.  A tableau of twenty MEN sitting on dark, sculpted seats.  Candles throw a gloomy light on their faces.  Some are Churchmen, others are dressed in bourgeois outfits. Only one of them is richly dressed in the grand Spanish fashion -- he is SANCHEZ, Treasurer of the House of Aragon.  A MONK (Don AROJAZ) holds a stick with an ivory claw at the top.  Languidly, he scratches his back -- his off-hand manner only makes him more impressive than his peers.
15) 1) dialog: You say Asia can be found by sailing west?
15) 3) dialog: Unfortunately, Don Colon, that is precisely where our opinions differ... (pause) Are you familiar with the work of Aristotle?  Erathostene?  Ptolemeus?
15) 5) dialog: Then you cannot ignore that according to their calculations, the circumference of the Earth is approximately... (he leans forward) 22,000 leagues or more.  Which makes the ocean... uncrossable.
15) 7) dialog: But you may have found new evidence proving that these men of knowledge are totally mistaken!
15) 20) dialog: Marin de Tyr is wrong -- and has been corrected many times over the centuries by the finest geographers. Your voyage, Don Colon, would take a year!
15) 24) dialog: Senor Colon, an experienced captain such as yourself will understand our concern with the crew.  I am not willing to have on my conscience the loss of men who would have relied upon our judgment.
15) 34) dialog: Your life, and that of others!
15) 39) dialog: (interrupting) Is that all that interests you? Gold?
15) 42) dialog: Christopher -- Christo Ferens -- the Bearer of the Cross!
15) 45) dialog: If God intended our proximity to Asia, do you believe he would have waited for you to show it to the world?
15) 48) dialog: So you consider yourself the chosen one?
15) 50) dialog: Don't you realize your words could be considered heretical?
15) 52) text: The murmur turns to an audible gasp.  AROJAZ gets to his feet and leans forward, threateningly, the flame of a candle only inches from his face. There is absolute silence.  COLUMBUS meets the MONK'S gaz unflinchingly.
15) 54) dialog: IF-GOD-WILLS-IT!
16) 1) dialog: The Treasurer of Spain honors us with his presence.
16) 4) dialog: The Judgment is ours!
16) 7) dialog: (interrupting) He is a mercenary!  Did he not already try to convince the King of Portugal of his absurd notions?
16) 9) text: AROJAZ understands the hint, and stops smiling.
16) 10) dialog: You would use your influence to assist this... intriguer?
16) 13) text: He offers the decanter to AROJAZ, who automatically lifts his glass.  But instead, SANCHEZ pulls back the decanter, pours himself a drink, and replaces it on the table, leaving AROJAZ staring at his own empty glass.
76) 0) text: A stool passes from hands to hands.  It is placed at the Queen and King's side.  COLUMBUS sits on it -- a supreme privilege. To one side sit AROJAZ and SANCHEZ.  AROJAZ leans over to whisper to him.
76) 1) dialog: It won't be easy to get rid of your prophet now, Don Sanchez.
151) 0) text: An ivory-sculptured hand -- the end of the back scratcher belonging to AROJAZ -- indicates a line across a large globe:  the route between Europe and America.
151) 1) dialog: The sunset route to the new continent is now well-established...
151) 2) text: We see a large amphitheater, filled with PEOPLE attending a lecture of "Nova Geographica" -- the new geography. AROJAZ stands in front of the assembly.  Facing him, enthroned, is KING FERDINAND, surrounded by COURTIERS, including SANCHEZ. We slowly move across the arena, passing attentive faces.
151) 3) dialog: ... West by south west for 750 leagues to Santo Domingo.  From there, west north west, leaving San Juan to the north, reaching the island of Hispanola on the northern cape of San Raphael... Then onto the mainland, at the Cape called Gracias a Dios...
151) 5) dialog: Spain -- by Your Majesty's grace -- has confirmed for all humanity the existence of an unknown continent... Tierra Incognita...
151) 7) dialog: ... This continent was first discovered by a sailor commissioned by your Majesty...
151) 9) dialog: His name... Amerigo Vespucci...
152) 0) text: Around the KING, on horseback, surrounded by the KNIGHTS, a CROWD is kept back by SOLDIERS.  AROJAZ is mounting his horse.  SANCHEZ is waiting for him. COLUMBUS stands among the students at the back of the CROWD.
152) 2) dialog: My God...!  I thought he was dead.
152) 5) dialog: What a tragedy... what a waste of a life...
152) 7) text: AROJAZ looks at SANCHEZ in surprise -- then cranes his neck round, and looks back at COLUMBUS -- now a FACE IN THE CROWD.