1) 2) dialog: Your Majesty would wish to know the true facts concerning the island of Hispanola, our first settlement in the New World, and the activities there of your servant, Christopher Columbus, Admiral of the Ocean Sea, Governor of that Island.  You will remember with what hopes and promises he beguiled us -- the truth is that he now presides over a state of chaos, degradation and madness beyond imagining.
1) 3) text: SANCHEZ punctuates each word carefully.
1) 4) dialog: From the beginning, Columbus proved himself incapable of managing the affairs of the island.  He appointed his brothers to important positions, at once injuring the pride and dignity of the nobles who had gone with him.  He promised to build a city, the City of Isabel, named after Your Majesty.  What he actually built was nothing but a collection of huts, and that in the wrong place, for all of it was easily swept away by rain and mud. Is that not so, Brother Buyl?
1) 7) dialog: He promised gold.  Not finding the easy quantities he promised, Columbus commanded each Indian to pay an annual tribute.  Most being unable to, they were barbarously punished, against the express wish of Your Christian Majesties...
1) 9) dialog: Since provocation and injustice never ceases, many of the Indians have fled to the forests, or have begun to slay the Christians.
1) 13) dialog: But there is worse.  From the beginning, he forced the nobles to undergo physical labor, treating them equally with the Indians, all of them reduced to slavery.  When the nobleman Adrian de Moxica protested against such treatment... (he pauses) ... he was executed. (pause) Is that not true also, Brother Buyl?
1) 15) dialog: He has lost control.  His great arrogance has led him into depravity.  He encourages our soldiers to marry the native women. He promised a paradise, but he has made a hell full of all its horrors.
1) 18) dialog: Yes, Your Majesty.
15) 0) text: An El Greco painting.  A tableau of twenty MEN sitting on dark, sculpted seats.  Candles throw a gloomy light on their faces.  Some are Churchmen, others are dressed in bourgeois outfits. Only one of them is richly dressed in the grand Spanish fashion -- he is SANCHEZ, Treasurer of the House of Aragon.  A MONK (Don AROJAZ) holds a stick with an ivory claw at the top.  Languidly, he scratches his back -- his off-hand manner only makes him more impressive than his peers.
15) 30) text: The experts listen.  CLOSE ON SANCHEZ'S FACE, impressed b the boldness.
15) 32) text: He walks and stops before TALAVERA, and catches the look of SANCHEZ, sitting just behind him.
15) 36) dialog: Suppose you cross this ocean. Suppose you reach Asia.  What would Spain do there?
15) 37) text: Conscious of a friendlier voice, COLUMBUS sees the Treasurer SANCHEZ, an imposing man in his fifties.
15) 47) text: A hum of interest.  CLOSE ON SANCHEZ -- watching COLUMBUS intently, a hint of an admiring smile on his lips.
16) 0) text: The JURY is alone to deliberate.  Food and wine has been laid out on tables.  In the distance, students' cries carry over the conversation. SANCHEZ approaches.
16) 2) text: SANCHEZ bows slightly.
16) 3) dialog: The State has some reason to be interested in this man's proposition, Your Eminence...
16) 5) dialog: Naturally.  But I would really deplore the loss of such a potential opportunity for Spain for a... dispute over a point of geography.
16) 6) text: SANCHEZ helps himself to some grapes, looks round at the other members of the committee, who pretend not to be listening.
16) 8) dialog: Indeed.  The world is full of mercenaries -- and states often make use of them, when it benefits them. (casually) My only concern is the welfare and prosperity of Spain.
16) 11) text: SANCHEZ reaches for a decanter of sherry.
16) 12) dialog: You know, Your Eminence, the fascinating thing about power, is that what can be given so effortlessly...
16) 13) text: He offers the decanter to AROJAZ, who automatically lifts his glass.  But instead, SANCHEZ pulls back the decanter, pours himself a drink, and replaces it on the table, leaving AROJAZ staring at his own empty glass.
16) 14) dialog: ... can so easily be taken away.
21) 0) text: Fabulous Moorish gardens:  ponds filled with golden carp; exotic bird cages hang from lemon trees... The distant sounds of victory. SANTANGEL and COLUMBUS walk through the gardens, escorted by HALBERDIERS.  SOLDIERS pass by, carrying coffers or piles of documents. As they approach the inner sanctum, however, there are fewer people.  They stop by the Lion's Fountain, where several DIGNITARIES are waiting patiently for an audience SANCHEZ appears.  They bow.  SANTANGEL approaches to murmur a compliment.
21) 2) text: SANCHEZ protests softly, and looks over at COLUMBUS, a half-smile forming on his lips.  Then a DUENA appears, an motions for COLUMBUS to follow.
24) 0) text: The CLERK enters an imposing stable block. In the paddock, SANCHEZ is training a magnificent young horse, making it step sideways, bending it to his will. The ADMINISTRATOR watches him, unable to interrupt. Behind him the two SERVANTS can be seen bringing in the silver trays, with covered dishes of food, a decanter of wine.  They begin to lay them out on a table.
25) 0) text: SANCHEZ pours himself some wine, tucks into his his food, while the ADMINISTRATOR, clearly working himself up into frenzy, reads from a document.
25) 2) text: The ADMINISTRATOR looks up.  He is reading the contract that COLUMBUS has proposed.  SANCHEZ, his mouth full, gestures for him to continue.
25) 3) dialog: Go on!
25) 7) text: SANCHEZ gestures for the document.  Wipes his mouth. Continues reading, calmly:
25) 8) dialog: Furthermore he will receive one eight of all wealth or monies, precious gems, pearls, metals, spices and other lucrative sources conquered within the boundaries of his admiralty...
25) 10) dialog: It's very underdone.
25) 12) dialog: No, the pheasant.  It's almost raw.
25) 14) dialog: You worry too much, Carvajal... The man will have to lower his demands. Believe me, he WILL!
26) 2) text: A WOMAN'S HAND quietly, carefully opens a cover of a spy hole in the wall.  Two beautiful eyes peer through a grille, into the next room. What they see: SANCHEZ and COLUMBUS together.  COLUMBUS is visibly upset
26) 3) dialog: (calmly) We have considered your -- demands very carefully, Senor Colon... Your expectations are... excessive, in every way.
26) 6) text: SANCHEZ holds up a document.
26) 7) dialog: We have prepared our own contract...
26) 10) dialog: No?
26) 13) dialog: I remind you, Senor Colon, that you are in no position to bargain with me.
26) 15) dialog: (steely) Then you are too ambitious.
26) 18) dialog: (abrupt) If you won't accept our proposal, we'll simply find someone who will.
26) 21) text: He turns, strides towards the door.  We hear a WOMAN'S muffled laughter. As COLUMBUS goes out, ISABEL appears through a secret door.  SANCHEZ bows. ISABEL goes over to the window and looks out.
26) 23) dialog: Never, Your Majesty.  Although...
26) 25) dialog: ... Although one may always renegotiate a contract.  Especially signed by Royal Hands.
28) 2) dialog: (quietly) ... Into a monk...
76) 0) text: A stool passes from hands to hands.  It is placed at the Queen and King's side.  COLUMBUS sits on it -- a supreme privilege. To one side sit AROJAZ and SANCHEZ.  AROJAZ leans over to whisper to him.
76) 2) dialog: (whispering) On the contrary, Your Eminence.  It seems to me the man is preparing his own cross.
77) 0) text: CLOSE ON:  the face of a young, SPANISH NOBLEMAN, ADRIAN DE MOXICA.  Hesitantly, he brings a lighted cigar to his lips -- then pauses. We discover other people around the magnificent candle-li table.  NOBLE MEN and NOBLE WOMEN.  SANCHEZ.  COLUMBUS. QUEEN ISABEL. COLUMBUS takes the cigar from MOXICA.  The rest watch him with rapt curiosity.  COLUMBUS inhales deeply then, to their astonishment, blows out the smoke through his nose.
77) 9) dialog: (interrupting) Forgive me, Don Colon.  But what about gold?
77) 14) text: The guests laugh obsequiously.  COLUMBUS bows a little -- looks up and meets the eyes of SANCHEZ, who is staring at him, coldly.
78) 2) text: We discover the SWORD MASTER is fencing with COLUMBUS.  A dozen duellists are practicing in the magnificent rotunda surrounded with a two-tiered colonnade. Out of breath, COLUMBUS stops the exercise, and removes his protective canvas padding.  He bows at his teacher, who salutes him in return. COLUMBUS walks to a tressel laden with food and beverages SANCHEZ, in a fencing outfit and boots, is having a glass of wine.  Upon seeing COLUMBUS approaching, he hands him glass.
78) 3) dialog: You defend yourself admirably...
78) 5) text: SANCHEZ laughs and raises his glass.
78) 6) dialog: To your second expedition.
78) 8) dialog: Don Colon -- Don Alonso de Bobadilla.  A man who knows our laws.
78) 14) text: SANCHEZ looks at him in surprise.  BOBADILLA reddens.
78) 16) text: BOBADILLA glances at SANCHEZ.
78) 18) dialog: (amused) Don Bobadilla is already a judge, my Dear Don Cristobal.
78) 22) text: And he walks off.  SANCHEZ fills his mouth with a slice o ham.
78) 23) dialog: (amused) You seem to have a special talent for making friends.
78) 25) dialog: (seriously) To rise so high, in so short a time, is a dangerous occupation. (kindly) A little hypocrisy goes a long way.
94) 0) text: A MAN covered with sores is screaming, thrashing in his agony.  He is held down, his voice muffled.  ISABEL turns away, shocked. She is in a ward full of patients, attended by a DOCTOR, SANCHEZ and other members of her court. The patients are emaciated, their faces and bodies covere with virulent sores.  NUNS move between the beds.
94) 4) text: ISABEL looks around at SANCHEZ, appalled.
94) 5) dialog: Every ship returns with a cargo of sick and dying.  But with no gold! The new world proves expensive, Your Majesty.
94) 7) text: SANCHEZ bows in acknowledgement.  But ISABEL, despite her words, looks distressed.
124) 1) dialog: He promised us gold but has failed to find it.  He subjects the natives to violence, provocation and injustice.  He sent them to Spain against the express wishes of Your Majesty...
125) 0) text: We are back to the first scene.  In the vast, opulent, glittering room, ISABEL listens impassively to the voice of SANCHEZ.  Also present, other GRANDEES, representative of the church and state.
125) 1) dialog: ... But there is worse.  He ordered the execution of five members of the nobility...
125) 4) text: A pause.  ISABEL seems to struggle inwardly with her emotions.  SANCHEZ waits, expressionless, but on the poin of victory.
125) 6) dialog: He must be replaced.
126) 1) dialog: I am thinking of a man.  A devotee to Your Majesties.  A man extremely motivated...
130) 0) text: Like Lucifer and Gabriel, SANTANGEL and SANCHEZ sit on either side of ISABEL.
130) 2) text: ISABEL looks at him, then at SANCHEZ, MOVED BUT CLEARLY UNDECIDED.  SANTANGEL presses his point.
130) 4) dialog: It does not belong to him.
130) 6) dialog: Penitent...?  He is suing us for breach of contract!
132) 0) text: SANCHEZ is standing alone in the next room; he has obviously been listening.  He looks at her.
132) 2) dialog: Then why?
133) 0) text: SANCHEZ, in another direction, along a corridor, towards his office.  As he reaches a corner with a wide window, a hand seizes him.  COLUMBUS.
133) 1) dialog: All I have to do is call the guards.
133) 3) text: SANCHEZ looks at him -- and doesn't call.  COLUMBUS lets go of him.
133) 4) dialog: I am not afraid of you.  You are nothing but a dreamer.
133) 6) text: Surprised, SANCHEZ nevertheless turns, looks out.
133) 8) dialog: Roofs... towers, palaces... spires...
133) 10) text: SANCHEZ turns round again to face him.
151) 2) text: We see a large amphitheater, filled with PEOPLE attending a lecture of "Nova Geographica" -- the new geography. AROJAZ stands in front of the assembly.  Facing him, enthroned, is KING FERDINAND, surrounded by COURTIERS, including SANCHEZ. We slowly move across the arena, passing attentive faces.
152) 0) text: Around the KING, on horseback, surrounded by the KNIGHTS, a CROWD is kept back by SOLDIERS.  AROJAZ is mounting his horse.  SANCHEZ is waiting for him. COLUMBUS stands among the students at the back of the CROWD.
152) 4) dialog: You can see for yourself.
152) 6) dialog: A waste...?  Let me tell you something, Arojaz.  If your name, or mine, is ever remembered -- it will only be because of his.
152) 7) text: AROJAZ looks at SANCHEZ in surprise -- then cranes his neck round, and looks back at COLUMBUS -- now a FACE IN THE CROWD.