39) 0) text: A SHIP'S BOY is throwing buckets of water on the deck. A SAILOR is busy clearing the ropes around the mast. A COOK is blowing life into a brazier, in preparation of the evening meal. TEN MEN heaving on a heavy rope, raising the top sail, punctuating their efforts with a sailor's chant.
41) 0) text: A blazing sun.  The ship is like a furnace, its brass fittings too hot to touch, the blistering heat making the air shimmer over the decks. Desperate for shade, sailors are sheltering under the sagging prow sail. The SHIP'S BOY throws an empty bucket attached to a rope over the side and hauls it back up again, brimming with water.  As he turns, we see his face, disfigured by a hai lip.  He drenches himself... From the shade, ALONSO watches him.
41) 8) text: The SHIP'S BOY glances round at them.
44) 0) text: The SHIP is plowing on, pushed by a hot wind -- SAILORS sleep on deck. The SHIP'S BOY is singing to himself.  Despite his hair lip he has a pure, melancholy voice... COLUMBUS, leaning over the prow rail, staring ahead, hear it carry over the darkness.
45) 0) text: CLOSE UP ON AN HOUR-GLASS, nearly through its time. The SHIP'S BOY throws an "ampoulette" over board.  We follow the bulb attached to a rope, passing the full length of the hull.  As it reaches the poop deck, another SAILOR shouts "MARK".  A very primitive system of calculation for distance and speed. Sitting near the SHIP'S BOY, COLUMBUS is making entries i a log-book, watching the hourglass.
45) 1) dialog: Mark.  Twenty nine, Sir!
45) 4) text: THE SHIP'S BOY cups his hands to his mouth to shout.
46) 1) dialog: Six hundred and twenty nine!
50) 7) text: ALONSO glances towards the SHIP'S BOY, with his hair lip. The BOY lowers his eyes.  COLUMBUS moves towards him, pulls him forward, stands him in front of ALONSO.
50) 13) text: COLUMBUS points at the SHIP'S BOY.
50) 15) text: The SHIP'S BOY rushes up the mast.  As he climbs, the mainsail starts to fill with wind.  The deck begins to move under their feet. This movement under their feet seems to imperceptibly erase the fears and the angers.
53) 1) dialog: TIERRA...!  TIERRA!
55) 2) text: He swallows.  Tears have sprung to his eyes.  He is so moved he cannot continue.  Coming to his rescue -- THE SHIP'S BOY starts to roll the drum.  He then stops.
56) 4) text: COLUMBUS ignores him, even though some of the INDIANS hav raised their weapons.  He stops in the no-man's land between them.  The INDIANS don't move -- but something excites them. The SHIP'S BOY, wearing COLUMBUS' embroidered jacket and the drum, has followed COLUMBUS and now stands close to him.  He is the cause of their interest.  COLUMBUS puts his arm around the BOY, and this gesture of affection seems to put the INDIANS at their ease.  They start talking and pointing.  They come forward slowly, start to tentatively touch the BOY'S jacket.  Then, now laughing, they touch COLUMBUS, pulling at his beard.  COLUMBUS laughs too. Sensing their innocence, the rest of the MEN lower their weapons.  Some of them laugh. An apparition:  a beautiful young INDIAN GIRL, totally naked, walks out of the jungle. She is pregnant and holds a child.  We begin to hear Indian music, played on a flute.