14) 0) text: They’re in some sort of basement room with no windows. Th sips his flask. Julian smokes a cigarette.
24) 0) text: Planes drop bombs on civilians. Black and white cubist mayhem. Theo and Teddy stand in front of Picasso’s “Guernica”. The real thing. The Mastiffs sit nearby.
39) 0) text: A hand reaches over, nudging Theo awake. JULIAN'’S VOICE Hey there. Theo’s eyes open.
41) 0) text: Theo holding Julian’s body by the arms and torso, draggin her uphill through the woods, Miriam helping with the fee They lay Julian's body between the trees. Miriam kneels beside her, praying a simple mantra. Using her palms to gently cover her eyes, her ears, her nose... Theo looks at Julian, then turns away, anguished at the s of her violent death. Trying to catch his breath. And the whole thing sinks in, the pain welling, overcoming him.
42) 0) text: The empty, battered Multipla rolling downhill, picking up speed, flying off the road over a steep embankment -- CRASH! The Multipla smashes into the dense woods below. Disappearing into the foliage, metal crashing earth. Theo, Luke, Miriam and Kee stand on the road next to the English Vauxhaul, circa 2008. Theo pissed off, looking li hell, his shirt stained with Julian’s blood.
46) 0) text: The Vauxhaul parks in front of the stone farm house. Luke turns the car off. The two men come to meet them. TOM (58), strong, dark featured, farmer, with wrinkles th come from working the earth. IAN (40), shorter, fine features, small town bureaucrat, the paleness of a man wh works with paper in fluorescent light. Tom holds a rifle, AR-45, the next generation. -
46) 1) dialog: Everything's been taken care of.
46) 10) dialog: We’1l watch him.
51) 0) text: Theo, Miriam and Kee walking to the farm house, Ian follo few steps behind. (CONTINUED)
52) 0) text: ON Tv: slow motion, the Multipla coming in the opposite direction, the windshield blasted out. The image is blurr but Luke, Theo and Julian are recognizable. NEWSWOMAN‘’S VOICE The killers were identified as Luke Grissom, an ex-Catholic priest and one of the leaders of the 5 Fishes terrorist group. (MORE )
52) 23) dialog: These are new circumstances. There is new leadership. I'm sure all Fishes will follow. This is Luke's moment -- he seizes it.
55) 0) text: Theo coming down the stairs. He sees: Luke and Ian walkin in the house. He recognizes the motorcycle driver: It's Patric. Cut, bloody, clothes torn, soaked to the bon (CONTINUED )
55) 5) dialog: Stay in extreme alert. (to Tom) You have any medicine?
55) 7) dialog: Hydrogen peroxide, bandages, clean towels, whatever you have, bring it to the barn. Tom disappears straightaway into the bathroom. Luke, Patr and Ian go to the kitchen. And close the door. Theo walks down the stairs, heading toward the back door. Tom walks from bathroom with an armful of medicines and supplies. No place to go, Theo leans back against he wall waiting for Tom to pass. Tom leaves by the front door. Th quietly walks to the back.
56) 0) text: Theo comes out the back door... SQUISH! Theo's expression his socks are soaked in the cold mud. He sloshes quietly alongside the farm house, no coat, shivering in the cold. reaches kitchen window and sees: Luke pacing, Patric in a chair, Ian leaning on the table.
60) 22) dialog: Somebody get a car!
92) 0) text: A pale, withered GEORGIAN WOMAN (87) hums a folk song as carves the final touches onto an orange that she’s cut in swan. She presents the swan to Kee, who lays in bed eatin some sort of potato stew, the baby asleep at her side.
93) 0) text: Marichka stands in the middle of the street, her senses alert. Sporadic gunfire and shouting in the distance, but the street seems safe. She signals, and starts trotting. Theo immediately pushes Kee from the bank in the Georgian Man’s wheelchair. Kee has the baby wrapped against her ch and covered. She’s holding the orange cut like a swan.