3) 1) dialog: Hey, amigo. JASPER PALMER was young in the 60’s, and has refused to l go of his youth ever since. Thick glasses, wispy beard, l hair, he is probably the coolest 75-year-old on the plane
3) 4) dialog: Quite groovy. Quite, quite groovy.
4) 1) dialog: Many get killed?
4) 4) dialog: Who set the bomb?
4) 6) dialog: You mean the “eeeeeee”? INT. JASPER’S CAR - DRIVING -- CONTINUOUS Jasper watching his mirrors, navigating the sparse road. Theo in the front seat, massaging his ears. A beat.
4) 7) dialog: (continues) «+. "eeceecece”?
4) 9) dialog: You know, pigs are planting most of them. Then they blame Foogies, the 5 Fishes, or whoever they want.
4) 11) dialog: What did you do?
4) 13) dialog: I’m glad they missed you, amigo. Losing you and Baby Diego on the same day would be too much grief to bear. (off Theo’s look) You did hear about Baby Diego.
4) 16) dialog: They say he was completely wasted.
4) 18) dialog: He was a wanker.
4) 20) dialog: Quite true. Quite, quite true. Theo smiles. The headlights illuminate a wooded area.
5) 0) text: The Volvo slows down, and makes a left turn, going off th road, stopping in front the woods. Jasper and Theo get out. Jasper walks to the middle of th empty road, looking both ways.
5) 1) dialog: (starting a joke) So there‘s this supper. Scientists and wise men, you know, Human Project, that sort of bullocks.
5) 3) dialog: They‘re throwing around theories about the ultimate question: how is it that human beings haven‘t had babies in 18 years? Theo walking with Jasper toward the bushes.
5) 4) dialog: The biologist blames genetic experiments that altered DNA. The environmentalist says that pollution and bio-experiments poisoned the water. You know, the typical jada jada. (CONTINUED)
5) 5) text: Jasper removes one of the bushes -- it’s not rooted.
5) 6) dialog: A New Age bloke claims Mama Nature is merely protecting herself. Theo removes another bush. This is a false hedge, hiding tiny dirt path behind it.
5) 7) dialog: Then they all look at this English scientist, who hasn‘t said a word, he just keeps eating. Jasper stops Theo.
5) 8) dialog: They ask him, “So, what do you think? Why don’t people have babies anymore?” The English bloke looks at them, he’s chewing on a wing... (thick English accent) “I haven't a clue,” he says. “But this stork is quite lovely, isn’t it?” Jasper playfully hits Theo.
5) 9) dialog: Waaah! You get it -- he’s eating a stork!
6) 0) text: Through the woods, Jasper’s car crossing the dirt path, t headlights on.
7) 0) text: Jasper navigates the dirt path carefully.
7) 1) dialog: (sighs) Tends to wander off occasionally. (MORE )
7) 4) dialog: I found her last week on the other side of the brook. Mud all over her nightgown, . shivering a death of cold, poor thing.
7) 6) dialog: When she’s her normal self, she’s been mentioning it. Quietus.
7) 8) dialog: She feels worthless. She feels a burden to me. When she’s lucid, she remembers what we used to be. Through the windshield, in a clearing in the trees, visib in the last light of day: a low-tech, jury-rigged eco-hou complete with primitive solar panels and a grass roof.
8) 1) dialog: Hi, Sweetie. Jasper kisses her. Janice does not react.
8) 2) dialog: Theo’s here. He came for a little visit. Theo, remember? Your Rebel With a Lost Cause? Jasper motions Theo over.
8) 4) dialog: She's not always like this. She’s in and out. INT. JASPER’S KITCHEN -- NIGHT Jasper and Theo at the kitchen table, eating vegetable so (CONTINUED)
8) 6) dialog: A couple weeks ago, I came on this Dutch bloke, lost out back in the woods. Poor soul, wasn’t much left of him. Remember the pictures of those starving wretches in Ethiopia? Same thing, only blond. He said he‘’d escaped from Bexhill. They dug a tunnel under the fence and came over, 200 of them. Mostly French, Spaniards... (emphasis for Theo) ...a few Americans. They were crossing no man’s land. Soldiers caught them. Lined them up, shot them down. 200 hundred refugees. Unarmed. Bam. Just like that. Keeping England Alive. It didn’t make the news.
8) 8) dialog: Somehow this bloke escaped, got through no man’s land, got over that hill. I gave him some food. Amigo, he told me some spooky stories about what’s happening in Europe. Atrocities you'd never believe. And the look in his eyes. Jasper eats a spoonful of soup, looking at Theo.
8) 9) dialog: It’s sick. What humans can do to each other. Theo ponders a potato.
8) 10) dialog: I offered to hide him. He refused. Said he had to get to London. Said he had friends there. He left. All the way to London, no papers.
8) 12) dialog: I know. They both eat a spoonful of soup.
8) 13) dialog: But I’d like to think he would. 10. INT. JASPER’S GREENHOUSE -- NIGHT A make-shift affair, grow lights coaxing marijuana plants into bloom. Theo and Jasper chill, Jasper rolling a joint
8) 14) dialog: Business has been slow. Daddy government gives pills and anti-depressants as part of your ration... (shows joint) +.-and the Buddha is still illegal! Most of my weed now goes to Bexhill. A bloke buys it from me and smuggles it over. Guess what he does. His real job.
8) 16) dialog: Bravo. He smuggles it through no-man’s land. Jasper fires a joint.
8) 17) dialog: (offers Theo a hit) Want some? Theo shakes his head.
8) 20) dialog: And some books. Some really awesome books. And those really smashing symphonies. (CONTINUED)
8) 23) dialog: 
8) 24) dialog: We made a bullocks of the whole thing, didn’t we? Maybe God is ready for a little peace and quiet. INT. JASPER’S HOUSE -- NIGHT Janice still staring at the wall. Theo comes to her. He takes the hair brush she is holding. And begins brushing long gray hair. Among the photos on the wall, one taken at a demonstratio catches Theo’s attention: a younger Janice and Jasper, locking arms with Theo, defiant and long-haired, and a yo woman with the same attitude. Theo carries a 2-year-old b in a baby backpack. A placard for “Global Democracy” can read behind them.
26) 22) dialog: She left a note. I didn’t get here in time. Theo stands next to him.
26) 23) dialog: They say it is a peaceful way to go. Though the window, they see: (CONTINUED )
26) 29) dialog: We had just moved to Paris. We didn’t have much, a mattress, a couch. We were doing really bad, with dough. That day, I got back early from the Sorbonne. And I saw her from the window, coming home, carrying flowers. There was this curtain that was our closet, and I hid behind it. Through the glass, behind them, a disturbance: An Old Man resists the cup offered to him, knocking it away. The lig on the main floor cut out.
26) 30) dialog: (continues ) And I watched her... She put the flowers in a drinking glass, and she sat on the sofa, looking at them. The lights go up on the main floor, everything returned t its state of peace. The Old Man lays completely still.
26) 31) dialog: (continues ) She was humming that “I love Paris in the springtime” song. Very softly. Lost in her reveries. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
26) 34) dialog: She stayed there, just like that. Looking at the flowers. For a long time. And you know what she was doing? She was picking her nose. She always did that when she thought nobody was watching her. Did you ever notice?
26) 36) dialog: That’s what she did. She picked her nose... (shows his little finger) With her pinky. Jasper looks down at Janice.
26) 37) dialog: She’s gone.
27) 0) text: Theo waiting on a plastic couch in the simple white room. People at the counter, picking up paper bags that resembl sacks of flour. Jasper returns from the counter, holding a brown sack. Th stands to meet him.
27) 1) dialog: She's still warn.
28) 0) text: Outside, the street is quiet. Theo and Jasper walk. Jaspe stoic, is holding Janice’s bag of ashes. Suddenly -- Jasper breaks down. Crying. All of his 75 years now revealed, all at once an old man. 30.
64) 0) text: Through the windshield, we are approaching a house rigged with make-shift solar panels. Jasper’s house. EXT. JASPER’'S HOUSE -~ DAY The car parks in front, next to Jasper’s car. Theo climbs out. He goes to the front door and knocks.
65) 5) dialog: Huh...? Theo reacts --
65) 7) dialog: Fuck you! The two men share a look -- they nearly scared each other death. A hint of Jasper’s old mischief flashes in his fac
65) 8) dialog: Amigo... But it fades away, and Jasper breaks down, sobbing. Theo leans down and hugs his old friend.
65) 9) dialog: I can’t make it, Theo. I can’t make it without her... Theo holding Jasper. Kee and Miriam entering the room.
65) 11) dialog: .-.the blokes who started the great cathedrals knew bloody well they’d never see them finished. But they built them. You know why? The certainty. They had faith that the new generations would complete what they started. Lovely, isn’t it? Faith and certainty. Jasper looks at Kee, her feet propped up, munching biscui (CONTINUED)
65) 14) dialog: Kee, your baby is the miracle the whole world has been praying for. Hallelujah, hosanna, shanti, shanti, shanti. Jasper delivers Kee a plateful of eggs.
65) 16) dialog: How?
65) 18) dialog: syd?
65) 21) dialog: Waaaaaaah! That's good, amigo! Deported like Foogies. I like it. Jasper looks at Kee.
65) 22) dialog: Kee, everything is going to be quite groovy. The old man is young again. EXT. JASPER’S HOUSE -- DAY Miriam near the woods, doing Thai Chi exercises. INT. JASPER’S LIVING ROOM -- DAY Theo watches Miriam through the window, opening his flask Kee is laid out comfortably on the couch, her exposed bel propped on a pillow. A fire blazing in the chimney. (CONTINUED )
65) 54) dialog: Rock ‘n roll.
66) 0) text: Jasper with the backpack, leading the group up the hill through the woods, his house behind them. They are bundle in coats against the cold, Kee in a cloak that hides her pregnant belly. Theo stops.
66) 3) dialog: The two mile zone around Bexhill, dear. Nobody's supposed to be in it. Makes it easy for the migra to bag Foogies that trying to escape from the camp. (finding it) Here. Jasper locates the spot: a cut in fence. (CONTINUED)
66) 6) dialog: Old smuggling route. Jasper pulls back the barbed wire.
66) 7) dialog: Theo, you go first. Theo steps through -~- RIP! His pant leg tears.
66) 9) dialog: Get the skin?
66) 11) dialog: Grab the other side. Your turn, Kee. EXT. WOODS (NO MAN’'S LAND) -- LATE AFTERNOON The light is fading. The group walking across a long clearing, nearing the end. Kee moving steadily with Theo’ help. Miriam has a fist full of wild flowers.
66) 12) dialog: (to Theo) How’re the dogs?
66) 14) dialog: Your feet. Theo is wearing an old pair of boots.
66) 16) dialog: Almost there. (gestures) Other side of the hill. They arrive at the end of the clearing, at the woods. The in the silence -- WOOF! (CONTINUED)
66) 22) dialog: Quick -- go!
66) 26) dialog: We’re not going to make it.
66) 29) dialog: (to Theo) Go! Take the girls! I'11 stay.
66) 31) dialog: I‘ll be fine, amigo. If I don’t move, they won't do much. Jasper tosses him the backpack. (CONTINUED)
66) 34) dialog: Give this to Syd. Go to the road. He's patrolling at this time. When he stops, tell him I sent you. If he doesn’t believe you, tell him he’s a fascist pig! Theo hesitating.
66) 35) dialog: Go! Miriam nearing the top of the hill, calling back:
66) 37) dialog: Kee! Kee looks back. Jasper standing alone in the woods.
66) 38) dialog: It’s going to be groovy! Kee smiles, Theo pulling her along. Miriam has reached th top of the hill.
66) 42) dialog: (to himself) Goodbye, Ruby Tuesday, who could hang a name on you... Watching the pack of dogs charging...