13) 18) dialog: (to the others) I met Theo when we were 20, during an anti-globalization demonstration in Seattle. He was a man of ideals, dreadlocks and hemp. We locked eyes while chanting “WIO OUT”. Julian locks eyes with Theo.
13) 19) dialog: (chanting) “WTO OUT! WTO OUT!” And by time the police attacked, we were making out. We kissed as the tears ran down our faces from the tear gas. We fell in love. We were going to change the world -- our love was going to change the world. You know, the John and Yoko bug. Though Julian addresses the half dozen people in the room her eyes on Theo. They are the only two without hoods. He checks his coat. (CONTINUED)
13) 23) dialog: Theo was pissed that all the money for health and education was going to army contractors. So he had this idea. We would chain ourselves to the sculpture in front of the Boeing corporate headquarters. Naked.
13) 25) dialog: We got shy, stopped at our underwear, thank god, and we chained ourselves to the sculpture. And we threw away the key. Full commitment. Now we're waiting for the employees to show up. Waiting for the TV cameras to show up. And it’s cold. And nobody is showing up. It gets colder. So we start yelling. “Hello? Help?” I mean, where’s a surveillance camera when you need one? It’s getting even colder. Finally, a patrol car comes. The cops get out, they're looking at us. We‘re chained, we’re shivering, we're in our underwear. Julian and Theo looking at each other, reliving this mome
13) 26) dialog: (laughing) Cops says, “What are you doing?” And you say, “Protesting.” Cop says, “Come back tomorrow.” And I said, “Why?” Cop says--
13) 28) dialog: Yeah. They smile, looking at each other. A moment.
13) 30) dialog: I need your help. (CONTINUED)
14) 0) text: They’re in some sort of basement room with no windows. Th sips his flask. Julian smokes a cigarette.
14) 2) dialog: (smiles) You get used to it. They made a big deal about it in the papers, didn’t they? That unfortunate gas explosion.
14) 4) dialog: My stove was electric. -
14) 6) dialog: When the bomb exploded, it blew me down the stairs. But there was Algerian refugee staying at my flat. Fatima. That’s the charcoal they found. Poor thing.
14) 8) dialog: What was the point?
14) 10) dialog: I’m sorry. The only way for me to stay alive was to stay dead. Theo looks at Julian with tenderness.
14) 14) dialog: The scar was the explosion. The limp is from prison. {points to her left ear) And the hearing loss. And the nightmares.
14) 16) dialog: Eight years. Isle of Skye. Julian stubs out her cigarette.
14) 18) dialog: I need an exit visa, Theo. (off his look) Not for me. There’s a girl we need to get out of the country. If they find her, they will kill her.
14) 20) dialog: I'm not allowed to go into detail. But you have to trust me. You have to do this.
14) 22) dialog: Teddy Phillips offered you a position with the Noah Project three years ago. He’s the Minister of Culture.
14) 24) dialog: That’s not the point. He can get you a visa. He’s your friend. You never asked your friends for help. Julian looks at Theo. (CONTINUED )
14) 27) dialog: This girl is in trouble, Theo, and we can help her.
14) 29) dialog: She’s 21. Twenty-one. This lands with Theo. Julian knows it -- she expected it.
14) 30) dialog: Dylan would have been her age.
14) 32) dialog: That’s how strongly I feel. I never asked you for anything before, did I? Off Theo, knowing that she hasn't.
37) 2) dialog: Her name is Kee. Kee, this is Theo. Theo and Kee lock eyes.
37) 9) dialog: This is Miriam and Luke.
39) 0) text: A hand reaches over, nudging Theo awake. JULIAN'’S VOICE Hey there. Theo’s eyes open.
39) 1) dialog: You were snoring.
39) 6) dialog: (to the others) He always snored.
39) 9) dialog: Canterbury, believe it or not.
39) 19) dialog: (to Theo) What do you know about the Human Project?
39) 21) dialog: We have to tell him sooner or later.
39) 23) dialog: That‘s what England wants you to believe, as a pretext to sever ties with them. It’s actually the last democracy on earth.
39) 33) dialog: Gol! Luke slams the breaks, screeching to a stop, just avoidin
39) 39) dialog: Go around! Instead, Luke throws the car into reverse, screeching the backwards. The Zeds upon them, running down the car. CRAC Sticks and fists pounding, bodies piling on... Luke keeps pedal to metal, screaming in reverse, the last Zeds dropping off, giving chase, but can’t catch up...
41) 0) text: Theo holding Julian’s body by the arms and torso, draggin her uphill through the woods, Miriam helping with the fee They lay Julian's body between the trees. Miriam kneels beside her, praying a simple mantra. Using her palms to gently cover her eyes, her ears, her nose... Theo looks at Julian, then turns away, anguished at the s of her violent death. Trying to catch his breath. And the whole thing sinks in, the pain welling, overcoming him.
42) 0) text: The empty, battered Multipla rolling downhill, picking up speed, flying off the road over a steep embankment -- CRASH! The Multipla smashes into the dense woods below. Disappearing into the foliage, metal crashing earth. Theo, Luke, Miriam and Kee stand on the road next to the English Vauxhaul, circa 2008. Theo pissed off, looking li hell, his shirt stained with Julian’s blood.
52) 0) text: ON Tv: slow motion, the Multipla coming in the opposite direction, the windshield blasted out. The image is blurr but Luke, Theo and Julian are recognizable. NEWSWOMAN‘’S VOICE The killers were identified as Luke Grissom, an ex-Catholic priest and one of the leaders of the 5 Fishes terrorist group. (MORE )