1) 0) text: Theo walks out with his coffee, facing the day. People walking along quietly, bundled up. Some with dogs. It’s cold. It’s wet. It’s sad. It’s London. SUPER: LONDON, 2024 A.D. A short distance from the cafe, Theo sets his coffee cup a post box. Slow traffic rolls past. Mostly “old” cars, ‘ models, some older. A couple of ‘18's. Motorized rickshaw scoot around the edges. A double decker bus passes with metal mesh on the windows. Bicycles. A billboard, showing a stern-faced leader flanked by the idealized profiles soldiers and policemen: “KEEPING ENGLA ALIVE”. Surveillance cameras on lamp posts and building sides with tiny disclaimers: “For Your Protection.” Theo takes out a flask from his pocket, unscrews the top, about to pour it into his coffee, when behind him -- KA-BOOM! A BOMB EXPLODES inside the cafe, blowing out the windows, rocking the ground. Theo reels with the blast, knocked off balance... Smoke pours through the shattered facade of the cafe. Wai of PAIN, as people stagger out, covered in residue, holdi their wounds, bleeding. A woman missing an arm. Theo regains his balance, shell-shocked, holding his ears FADE TO BLACK. (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: The crowd roars a goal as the woman crosses the concrete plain. Theo follows, a few yards behind. The woman walks to a bus stop with a billboard: “KEEPING ENGLAND ALIVE - FERTILITY TESTS - YOUR OBLIGATION.” A dou decker about to leave. As the bus starts to move, she get on. Theo runs, catching up to the rear of the bus, jumping on through the back door.
33) 0) text: Theo has just climbed inside, and he’s out of breath. The woman is going up the stairs. Theo follows. Theo emerges on the upper deck. The woman sits at the fro An overhead security camera keeping vigil. He sits down heavily in the first seat he sees.
34) 0) text: The double-decker rolls though a suburban area, the outsk of London. Very few people. Shuttered stores. Abandoned homes . A billboard: “KEEPING ENGLAND ALIVE ~ DENOUNCE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS - IT’S YOUR COUNTRY”.
37) 0) text: The Multipla pulling away. Theo accommodating himself, glancing at the woman seated beside him, in the middle se KEE (21) is dark-skinned, West Indies. When she was born, the world was already falling apart. She grew up knowing human life would not last much longer than her.
37) 3) dialog: The fuck you watchin’ at? (CONTINUED)
37) 7) dialog: Cheedo. “Kee looks away. Theo looks around the car.
39) 12) dialog: Huh?
39) 15) dialog: {to Miriam) Why I gotta go with this bloke? Why can’t I go with you?
39) 26) dialog: What?
39) 60) dialog: Go, go, go, go, go!
39) 71) dialog: The fuck?
41) 7) dialog: Luke is coming. (CONTINUED)
42) 0) text: The empty, battered Multipla rolling downhill, picking up speed, flying off the road over a steep embankment -- CRASH! The Multipla smashes into the dense woods below. Disappearing into the foliage, metal crashing earth. Theo, Luke, Miriam and Kee stand on the road next to the English Vauxhaul, circa 2008. Theo pissed off, looking li hell, his shirt stained with Julian’s blood.
43) 0) text: English rain ~~ steady, cold, bone-moistening. In the car silence. Miriam looking forward. The remnants of tears on Kee’s face. Theo sits in front, the wipers scraping shadows across hi exhausted face. He’s numb, staring at the black night ahe of him. Luke puts on the turn signal. Getting off the main road.
46) 9) dialog: How bout Julian’s mate?
50) 2) dialog: Faron?
50) 7) dialog: You know they chop them cow’s tits? They do -- zzzzt. Fly, gone, bye. Only leave four. Four fits the machine. It’s whacko. Why not make machines that suck eight titties?
50) 9) dialog: Julian told me ‘bout your baby. Theo looks at her.
50) 10) dialog: Said it wasn't your fault.
50) 12) dialog: Said there was a lotta of families that day. Lotta kids. ‘Sposed to be a peaceful demonstration. And then the soldiers came. Theo shaking his head, not wanting to remember.
50) 13) dialog: Said you blamed yourself, but nothin’ you could do, it wasn’t your fault.
50) 15) dialog: Said the baby’s name was Dylan. This lands hard.
50) 19) dialog: Said you gave up. Said you gave up ‘fore the world did. Said you carried his memory like a ball ‘n chain. Theo feels the shackles.
50) 20) dialog: Dylan was Julian's baby too. Only she didn’t carry him like a ball ‘n chain. She carried him like a balloon. Julian’s words resonate.
50) 21) dialog: Julian said anything go spooky, talk to him. Said I could trust you. Said you'd get me out of England.
50) 23) dialog: You can’t go. Kee begins to unbutton the front of her dress.
50) 24) dialog: You can’t leave me.
50) 26) dialog: Got to help me. Theo wants no part of this.
51) 0) text: Theo, Miriam and Kee walking to the farm house, Ian follo few steps behind. (CONTINUED)
51) 10) dialog: France, wiffet. Iceland.
51) 12) dialog: Boat called “The Tomorrow.”
53) 0) text: The farm is quiet. One light burns in the living room. To keeping guard at the door.
54) 0) text: One Fish asleep in the single bed, another in the top bun bed, snoring. Theo lays in the lower bunk, wide awake, reeling, trying to make sense of all that has happened. He hears: the HUM of a small motor in the distance, getti closer. Then 3 tinny honks. Theo creeps out of bed, padding over to the window. Outsi A small motorcycle coming unsteadily up the rutted mud ro The driver is barely holding a dangling body, hardly able keep the motorcycle upright. The motorcycle arrives at the front door. Tom steps forwa
58) 3) dialog: What‘s the matter? (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Theo enters the side door. Kee and Miriam wait just insid
60) 33) dialog: They're coming! Theo lets out the clutch, allowing the car to start rolli down the hill.
60) 48) dialog: Yeah, just go, go, go!
60) 72) dialog: “The Tomorrow.” (off his look) Name of the boat. Gonna be next to a buoy. With flashers. Theo still gasping air into his lungs, looks at Kee.
60) 74) dialog: Cheedo. 65.
65) 26) dialog: Her flittin’.
65) 28) dialog: She smited me with that. Said it was good for my baby. And my shockers.
65) 30) dialog: Yeah. She look posh to you? Or gawky? Theo observes Miriam -- standing on one foot, the other hovering in the air, trying to keep her balance.
65) 33) dialog: Eight. (off his look) Takes nine months.
65) 36) dialog: (sharp) Father? That what you wanna know? (CONTINUED)
65) 40) dialog: Whiffet. I'ma virgin.
65) 42) dialog: Cha, be wicked, eh?
65) 44) dialog: Fuck knows. Omar. Sammy. Phil. Most of them wankers don’t know their names. Did some for quid, some for drugs. Some... Fuck knows, I was horny. You know the cock’n bull. Theo doesn’t know, still holding his flask, not drinking.
65) 46) dialog: When I started puking, thought I catch the pest. And I think -- “bitch, you are whoppingly fucked.” But then me belly start gettin’ big, and I think -- “this not big fart stuck in my belly!” No, this fuckin’ spooky. Never seen a pregnant woman. Nobody ever told me these things. But I knew. Got a baby in my tummy. Cheedo, eh?
65) 48) dialog: I feel like a freak. I was ‘barrassed. I was ’fraid. Didn‘t tell no body. I think about that Quietus thing. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
65) 51) dialog: *Sposed to be suave. Pretty music, treat you cheedo. (beat) Then the baby kicked. Kee breaks into a big smile, her mood now bright.
65) 52) dialog: Whew! I feel him. Little bastard was ‘live. aAnd...I feel it. Me too. I was ‘live. (beat) Didn’t know what to do. Talked to me mate, he knew the Fishes. Told me they would help me. I met Julian. She was suave.
66) 0) text: Jasper with the backpack, leading the group up the hill through the woods, his house behind them. They are bundle in coats against the cold, Kee in a cloak that hides her pregnant belly. Theo stops.
66) 2) dialog: No-man’s land? Jasper searches the fence.
67) 0) text: Theo and Kee catch up to Miriam on the side of the road, An IMMIGRATION POLICE HUMVEE appears from around the curv bearing down, headlights shining on them.
71) 0) text: Theo slides out of the Humvee, helping Kee down, Miriam following. Walking to the “IMMIGRATION CONTROL” bus -- an old school bus, painted over, the windows covered with ba The driver is inside, an armed guard next to him. A steel cage behind the driver.
72) 0) text: The steel cage door opens. Theo, Kee and Miriam step in. The cage door closes behind them. They start making their way down the aisle, looking for a seat. Forlorn, malnourished, desperate, trapped faces of captur refugees stare back at them. fhe bus lurches, driving forward. Kee moans with the sudd jolt. Theo steadies her. Miriam finds an empty seat.
74) 0) text: Kee reacts to a shooting pain.
74) 4) dialog: Can‘t fuckin’ breathe --
74) 8) dialog: Miriam... I’m all wet. Water drips down her leg, forming a tiny puddle on the fl
74) 12) dialog: (gritting) Uhhh...
76) 0) text: Kee breathing through a contraction.
79) 0) text: The bus is parked. Refugees pile out, guard dogs barking their heels. Theo and Miriam helping Kee down.
80) 0) text: Theo, Kee and Miriam emerge from the gate, looking around disoriented, lost. This is Bexhill. What used to be an industrial port town now a sealed-off refugee camp, barely lit by occasional street lamps with uneven current. Kee suddenly stops, doubling up -- a new contraction. The flow of refugees keeps pushing behind them, pushing them forward, Kee stopping pain --
80) 1) dialog: 
81) 0) text: Theo helps Kee into a motorized rickshaw, Miriam already sitting in back. Marichka sits in front, wrapped in a old wool coat, the dog on her lap. Miriam looks back anxiously. Theo turns and sees the Hook Nosed man walking towards them.
83) 0) text: Kee coming out of a painful contraction, Theo and Miriam supporting her on either side. Kee looks at Miriam.
83) 1) dialog: This gonna hurt, yeh?
85) 0) text: The dog hopping up the stairs, Marichka next, holding a butane lantern, leading them up the dark stairwell. Kee stops suddenly, holding herself against the wall, in pain
85) 1) dialog: 
85) 4) dialog: 
85) 7) dialog: 
86) 0) text: The door opens. The little dog scampers inside, uses a ch as a springboard, leaps onto the table, and through the broken window yaps his presence to the dogs barking outsi Theo and Miriam help Kee into the room. Marichka sets the butane lamp on the table. The room is naked, peeling wall broken window panes, a rough mat on the floor. Cold enoug to see your breath. Miriam immediately pulls the mat to the center of the roo Kee doubles up with another contraction --
86) 19) dialog: 
86) 26) dialog: I can’t ~- I can’t do this!
86) 28) dialog: I can’t fucking do it!
86) 33) dialog: Fuck you!
86) 42) dialog: I can't! I can’t! I can’t!
86) 53) dialog: 
86) 58) dialog: How's my baby?
86) 60) dialog: Lemme see her! Theo lays Kee back down on the mat. Moving to Miriam.
86) 67) dialog: What‘s you doing? Gimme my baby!
86) 78) dialog: Fuckin ‘a. Miriam offers the wrapped baby to Kee. Theo returns to hi spot, supporting Kee from behind. Kee accepts her child, holding her, smiles.
86) 79) dialog: Hey you...my boo, bloo...watch at you... The baby CRIES, a strident, rhythmic scream that shatters night. Theo looks at Miriam, alarmed.
86) 81) dialog: Cheedo, eh? 92.
87) 0) text: A dim light shining from a window. Inside, Theo, Miriam a Kee ~~ beholding this new life. Surrounded by the black night. It's silent. Even the dogs have stopped barking. FADE OUT. The sound of distant HELICOPTERS... sporadic GUNSHOTS... blending with the sound of YAPPING, coming closer...
88) 0) text: Theo opens his eyes, waking up on the floor, his coat pul over him, getting his bearings: The first morning sun finding its way into the naked room Kee still sleeping on the mat, the baby at her chest. Mir seated next to Kee, asleep. YAP! YAP! The tiny barking sound is now outside the door. Footsteps following. Theo creakily gets to his feet. There’s a PUSH on the door -~ but a chair is wedged again the handle inside, keeping it shut. A decisive knocking o the door, the YAPPING growing frantic... Kee and Miriam open their eyes, awakening.
88) 15) dialog: (to dog) Go on, piss off. Santo won't leave. Kee kicks him. Santo yelps, retreating Marichka starts yelling at Kee in some language. Then -- CRYING. From the baby. Rhythmic, loud. The dog comes charging again...
88) 16) dialog: Get your fuckin’ dog! Kee kicks the dog again.
88) 52) dialog: (spits the words) You fuckin’ caca man. Syd points his gun at Theo’s forehead.
88) 70) dialog: Go -- go help! Kee against the wall, loosening the scarf, checking her b Marichka reluctantly heading back to the lobby, staying l her hands defensive, prattling urgently, pleading to Syd. Syd keeps tightening his grip around Theo’s neck. Theo's body going slack. Marichka gets closer, still pleading.
89) 0) text: Theo comes out the door into the trash-strewn alley. Kee Marichka waiting, Kee wrapping the scarf, covering the ba to her chest.
89) 6) dialog: It hurts. I’m hungry.
91) 0) text: Theo, Kee and the baby, Marichka and Santo enter. Dozens old shoes on the floor, neatly paired. They hear CHANTING rhythmic prayers.
92) 0) text: A pale, withered GEORGIAN WOMAN (87) hums a folk song as carves the final touches onto an orange that she’s cut in swan. She presents the swan to Kee, who lays in bed eatin some sort of potato stew, the baby asleep at her side.
92) 1) dialog: Watch at that. They’re in a simple dwelling that was once a bureaucrat’s office. One table, two chairs, a gas burner, photos, a Chagal reproduction of the cow on the farm. And, in the clean, big windows, a few potted plants, green, living.
92) 2) dialog: Check it out, Theo. They love my baby. (CONTINUED)
92) 6) dialog: Yeh. Wise man doctors from todo the world. Living in Iceland. Sent a boat to my baby. “The Tomorrow”. At the buoy.
92) 16) dialog: Get it on! The Georgian Man rolls back in his wheelchair to the tabl holding the bust of Lenin.
93) 0) text: Marichka stands in the middle of the street, her senses alert. Sporadic gunfire and shouting in the distance, but the street seems safe. She signals, and starts trotting. Theo immediately pushes Kee from the bank in the Georgian Man’s wheelchair. Kee has the baby wrapped against her ch and covered. She’s holding the orange cut like a swan.
94) 0) text: The group in the middle of a street obscured in fog, Theo pushing Kee in the wheelchair, trying to keep up with Marichka’s quick trot, Santo tapping along. A RUMBLING in the street. Santo stops, turns around, and starts barking. The ground begins to shake. They all turn: the street beh them shrouded in fog. Street poles shaking. A mechanical clacking adds to the rumbling, drowning out Santo’s barks Through the fog...a silhouette slowly taking form...mammo
95) 0) text: KNOCK! KNOCK! Marichka’s hand pounds a weathered door. An eye-slit opens. A man with an extremely pale face, matted hair and wispy whiskers stares out -- the SEWER RAT. The Sewer Rat assesses Theo and Kee as Marichka prattles her language, negotiating. She reaches into her shirt, pulling out the bills that used to be live in Lenin’s hea waving them.
96) 0) text: 3 armored carriers cruise by, disappearing into the fog. The coast clear, the Sewer Rat leads Theo and Kee and Marichka onto the street.
96) 5) dialog: You teenie prick Patric son of the ugliest rotten whore may the devil keep on fist fuckin’ her in hell! A dozen heavily armed men come running from different directions, converging on Theo, Kee and Marichka and the Sewer Rat. Among them, Luke and Ian. Luke approaches Kee.
96) 7) dialog: Fuck you.
98) 0) text: Stray bullets strafe the bus, people diving to the floor. Theo keeps low, still peering out the cardboard window.
103) 0) text: Theo crawling at top speed across the dark corridor splattered with rubble and dead bodies, bullets echoing a ricochetting around the walls. And now gunfire coming at him from the inside: the hook-n leaves his position, storming after Theo. Theo shields himself behind pillar, the hook-nosed coming him, shooting. Bullets from the outside ricochet through the corridor, clipping the hook-nosed man in the head. He falls dead. Theo gasps for breath. The soldiers’ attack on the doorwa slowly diminishes, giving way to gunfire from within. Across the corridor, he sees a man and a woman huddle beh a pillar. He slowly gets up. Cautiously making his way through bodies and debris to the stairs. At the foot of the stairs: Kee’s discarded wheelchair. Th starts climbing.
104) 0) text: Theo arrives at the landing, looking down the hallway. A tenants huddled in the dim shadows, staying low, keeping from the windows. A man cries in agony, splashing the pud of his own blood. But the heavy gunfire comes from upstai He continues up.
109) 0) text: The place has been shredded by bullets, glass shattered, everything upended. Kee in a corner, protecting her baby girl with her body. (CONTINUED)
109) 5) dialog: Yeh.
109) 7) dialog: Pissed off. Theo leans down to Kee, helping her up.
109) 18) dialog: Fuck she is! Theo and Kee at the doorway.
110) 2) dialog: Fucker shot you.
110) 8) dialog: You’re shot.
111) 0) text: The baby’s Cry expands through the contained space. Theo carrying Kee down, using the wall for support. People huddled on the stairs, looking with amazement. People peering down at them from the upper floors. TAT-TAT-TAT. A gun battie, coming up the stairs toward th Patric and 2 Fishes are backing up the stairs, shooting d at pursuing soldiers below, who answer with a round of fi Patric hears crying, turning, pointing his gun at:
112) 0) text: Gunfire from below forces people against the wall. Theo a Ree continue walking down. Heavy footsteps. A soldier surges up the stairs, pointing his gun at the newborn gir who wails away. Theo and Kee walk past him. The soldier breathless, the c conflicting with his adrenaline.
113) 0) text: The baby cries echo through the lobby, now held by the military. Soldiers hold strategic positions, watching The and Kee pass, glimpsing the child in confusion, awe. At the shattered doorway, Theo staggers. Kee sees his swe his pain. His shirt is covered in blood.
113) 1) dialog: Put me down. Theo hesitates.
113) 2) dialog: I wanna walk. Theo sets Kee down on her feet. Kee walks slowly, resolutely, leaning on Theo for support. They pass throug the shattered doorway.
114) 0) text: Theo, Kee and the baby step into the murky light of the f day. An impenetrable line of soldiers positioned in the plaza face them, their weapons pointed, ready. The heavy machinery of war silenced by the cries of a baby. Theo and Kee walk forward, toward the soldiers.
116) 0) text: A ceiling lamp illuminates a concrete sewer drain, a narr channel of foul water running through it. Boxes of contra stacked to one side: alcohol, batteries, medicine, cans o food, electrical wire. Marichka giving some bills to the Sewer Rat. Theo sitting in a BOAT, a simple wooden launch with two paddles, moored with a rope to the side. He’s in bad shap He helps Kee accommodate herself in back. She’s holding a candle. Marichka comes to them, prattling on, Santo on her should gesturing toward the end of the tunnel where ambient ligh filters in.
118) 3) dialog: The buoy! Theo, the buoy! Theo rows once more, groaning with the effort.
118) 4) dialog: What time is it? The launch gains momentum, then slows. The sun now visibl touching the horizon, the day ending.
118) 6) dialog: They’1l wait. Kee is alert, looking around, the buoy rocking rhythmical splashing water. Theo stops rowing, tears in his eyes.
118) 8) dialog: We gonna make it. Theo shakes his head, eyes wet. He knows.
118) 12) dialog: I will.
118) 14) dialog: Fuckin’ yeah.
118) 19) dialog: Dylan.
118) 21) dialog: Gonna call her Dylan. Girl's name too, yeh? Theo in pain, genuinely smiles.
118) 23) dialog: (a whisper) Theo... No response. “ (CONTINUED )
118) 26) dialog: Theo! “The Tomorrow”! But Theo doesn’t move, The wooden vessel approaching, nets and gear -- A FISHING BOAT. The name painted on the stern. “THE TOMORROW”. FADE OUT.