81) 0) text: Theo helps Kee into a motorized rickshaw, Miriam already sitting in back. Marichka sits in front, wrapped in a old wool coat, the dog on her lap. Miriam looks back anxiously. Theo turns and sees the Hook Nosed man walking towards them.
84) 0) text: The rickshaw parks in front of a building, trash piled ar the street. Marichka gets off, leading them into a doorwa The sounds of dogs howling and arguing in the night.
85) 0) text: The dog hopping up the stairs, Marichka next, holding a butane lantern, leading them up the dark stairwell. Kee stops suddenly, holding herself against the wall, in pain
86) 0) text: The door opens. The little dog scampers inside, uses a ch as a springboard, leaps onto the table, and through the broken window yaps his presence to the dogs barking outsi Theo and Miriam help Kee into the room. Marichka sets the butane lamp on the table. The room is naked, peeling wall broken window panes, a rough mat on the floor. Cold enoug to see your breath. Miriam immediately pulls the mat to the center of the roo Kee doubles up with another contraction --
86) 6) dialog: Santo! (CONTINUED )
88) 42) dialog: Not (points to Syd) Bad! Bad, badi
88) 76) dialog: Baby, Marichka! Kee hesitates, Theo pulling the door open. Behind them:
88) 79) dialog: Come! Ree squeezes through the opening. Theo still holding the door, looking back:
89) 0) text: Theo comes out the door into the trash-strewn alley. Kee Marichka waiting, Kee wrapping the scarf, covering the ba to her chest.
90) 0) text: This street seems quiet, “La Marseilles” now distant. Marichka, gestures, leading them into a bureaucratic buil covered with graffiti. Further down the street, on buildi tops, men with rifles run from roof to roof.
91) 0) text: Theo, Kee and the baby, Marichka and Santo enter. Dozens old shoes on the floor, neatly paired. They hear CHANTING rhythmic prayers.
92) 8) dialog: (mouthful of stew) “Bunch of money.”
92) 10) dialog: “Bunch of money.” The Georgian Man arrives at the bookshelf, where pantheon busts reside: Lenin, Freud, Einstein, Ghandi, Trotsky, Zapata, and Martin Luther King, Jr. He selects Lenin.
92) 20) dialog: Human Project! The Georgian Man BREAKS Lenin’s bust on the table. In the porcelain shards: a roll of money. English pounds. 106.
93) 0) text: Marichka stands in the middle of the street, her senses alert. Sporadic gunfire and shouting in the distance, but the street seems safe. She signals, and starts trotting. Theo immediately pushes Kee from the bank in the Georgian Man’s wheelchair. Kee has the baby wrapped against her ch and covered. She’s holding the orange cut like a swan.
94) 0) text: The group in the middle of a street obscured in fog, Theo pushing Kee in the wheelchair, trying to keep up with Marichka’s quick trot, Santo tapping along. A RUMBLING in the street. Santo stops, turns around, and starts barking. The ground begins to shake. They all turn: the street beh them shrouded in fog. Street poles shaking. A mechanical clacking adds to the rumbling, drowning out Santo’s barks Through the fog...a silhouette slowly taking form...mammo
95) 0) text: KNOCK! KNOCK! Marichka’s hand pounds a weathered door. An eye-slit opens. A man with an extremely pale face, matted hair and wispy whiskers stares out -- the SEWER RAT. The Sewer Rat assesses Theo and Kee as Marichka prattles her language, negotiating. She reaches into her shirt, pulling out the bills that used to be live in Lenin’s hea waving them.
96) 0) text: 3 armored carriers cruise by, disappearing into the fog. The coast clear, the Sewer Rat leads Theo and Kee and Marichka onto the street.
96) 12) dialog: “Please, please, please...” Patric points the gun at Theo -- BAM! BAM! Shots ring out. 110.
96) 27) dialog: (nods) Marichka, stay. Theo looks to his left:
116) 0) text: A ceiling lamp illuminates a concrete sewer drain, a narr channel of foul water running through it. Boxes of contra stacked to one side: alcohol, batteries, medicine, cans o food, electrical wire. Marichka giving some bills to the Sewer Rat. Theo sitting in a BOAT, a simple wooden launch with two paddles, moored with a rope to the side. He’s in bad shap He helps Kee accommodate herself in back. She’s holding a candle. Marichka comes to them, prattling on, Santo on her should gesturing toward the end of the tunnel where ambient ligh filters in.
116) 1) dialog: Go, go boat. (CONTINUED)
116) 4) dialog: Marichka no go. Marichka counts off a few bills for herself, handing the of the wad to Theo.