55) 0) text: Theo coming down the stairs. He sees: Luke and Ian walkin in the house. He recognizes the motorcycle driver: It's Patric. Cut, bloody, clothes torn, soaked to the bon (CONTINUED )
56) 0) text: Theo comes out the back door... SQUISH! Theo's expression his socks are soaked in the cold mud. He sloshes quietly alongside the farm house, no coat, shivering in the cold. reaches kitchen window and sees: Luke pacing, Patric in a chair, Ian leaning on the table.
56) 2) dialog: What was I supposed to do? You saw how he was! Bloody piece of pulp. And all the fuckin’ police coming. We had to hide in the woods. (MORE )
56) 6) dialog: Oh, man, I don’t know what’s wrong, I think he’s all broken inside, I’m telling you, he needs a doctor.
56) 8) dialog: He’s my cousin!
56) 10) dialog: It’s that fucker’s fault, he opened the fucking door!
56) 12) dialog: I‘m sure. I should’ve shot him first, but I didn’t have a clean shot, I was afraid I’d hit the girl.
60) 41) dialog: (shouting) Got a shot! Got a clean shot! Theo in disbelief, Patric running alongside, about to sho him at close range, when Kee kicks open her door -- FWAR! Kee’s door hits Patric’s back, tripping him up, sen him tumbling, bouncing hard across the mud and rocks. The car headed right for the ditch --
107) 0) text: Theo retreats to the stairway landing, hiding as -- Patric storms out of the apartment, goes down the hall, disappearing into another apartment. A moment. Fresh gun shots are heard. Patric runs out, soldiers bullets rippin through the apartment. He heads farther down the hallway.
107) 1) dialog: (pushing past tenants) Fuck outta my way, fuck outta my way! Patric kicks open the door of another apartment. Theo notices: the orange cut like a swan, a few steps abo him, smashed. He continues up the stairs.
111) 0) text: The baby’s Cry expands through the contained space. Theo carrying Kee down, using the wall for support. People huddled on the stairs, looking with amazement. People peering down at them from the upper floors. TAT-TAT-TAT. A gun battie, coming up the stairs toward th Patric and 2 Fishes are backing up the stairs, shooting d at pursuing soldiers below, who answer with a round of fi Patric hears crying, turning, pointing his gun at: