1) 0) text: Theo walks out with his coffee, facing the day. People walking along quietly, bundled up. Some with dogs. It’s cold. It’s wet. It’s sad. It’s London. SUPER: LONDON, 2024 A.D. A short distance from the cafe, Theo sets his coffee cup a post box. Slow traffic rolls past. Mostly “old” cars, ‘ models, some older. A couple of ‘18's. Motorized rickshaw scoot around the edges. A double decker bus passes with metal mesh on the windows. Bicycles. A billboard, showing a stern-faced leader flanked by the idealized profiles soldiers and policemen: “KEEPING ENGLA ALIVE”. Surveillance cameras on lamp posts and building sides with tiny disclaimers: “For Your Protection.” Theo takes out a flask from his pocket, unscrews the top, about to pour it into his coffee, when behind him -- KA-BOOM! A BOMB EXPLODES inside the cafe, blowing out the windows, rocking the ground. Theo reels with the blast, knocked off balance... Smoke pours through the shattered facade of the cafe. Wai of PAIN, as people stagger out, covered in residue, holdi their wounds, bleeding. A woman missing an arm. Theo regains his balance, shell-shocked, holding his ears FADE TO BLACK. (CONTINUED)
9) 0) text: Through a window, we see identical functional apartment buildings on a foggy morning. Next to the window: an old plasma wide-screen TV displays the time. A digit changes -- 8:30. The TV turns on. ON TV: A woman reads the morning news. War torn streets. Militia’s marching. Citizens watching fearfully out their windows. A 50-year-old soldier in fatigues and beret, a Dixie flag flying behind, gives a speech to a crowd in fr of the ruined facade of Camden Yards.
102) 0) text: Theo steps off the bus. A zone of hell -- armored carrier and soldiers -- separate him from the apartment block. Bullets flying from all directions. Theo runs behind the soldiers, whose attention is focused shooting the building to pieces, and heads to the far edg the square in front of the apartment block, making it to:
103) 0) text: Theo crawling at top speed across the dark corridor splattered with rubble and dead bodies, bullets echoing a ricochetting around the walls. And now gunfire coming at him from the inside: the hook-n leaves his position, storming after Theo. Theo shields himself behind pillar, the hook-nosed coming him, shooting. Bullets from the outside ricochet through the corridor, clipping the hook-nosed man in the head. He falls dead. Theo gasps for breath. The soldiers’ attack on the doorwa slowly diminishes, giving way to gunfire from within. Across the corridor, he sees a man and a woman huddle beh a pillar. He slowly gets up. Cautiously making his way through bodies and debris to the stairs. At the foot of the stairs: Kee’s discarded wheelchair. Th starts climbing.
106) 0) text: Three tenants lay dead on the floor. At the window, Patri fires down at the soldiers below. Immediately, he retreat from the window, as bullets from outside rip through the room, rushing toward the door. 118.
107) 0) text: Theo retreats to the stairway landing, hiding as -- Patric storms out of the apartment, goes down the hall, disappearing into another apartment. A moment. Fresh gun shots are heard. Patric runs out, soldiers bullets rippin through the apartment. He heads farther down the hallway.
108) 0) text: Theo steps into the corridor. A tank mortar has ripped op a gaping hole in the building. People huddle in the hallw the wounded, the terrified, the dead. Theo walks through the hallway, reaching the mortar hole. Soldiers’ bullets scream through the opening, shattering wall, spewing debris. He considers crossing before backin off, returning to the stairs. Then he hears it. A BABY’S CRY. A weak wail through the chaos and explosion Coming from the end of the corridor. Separated by the gap mortar hole, where bullets crash through. Theo edges up to the mortar-ripped hole. Sporadic bullets smashing the wall. He sucks a breath. And runs. It’s only ten feet, but it feels like a mile, the shots ringing pas He makes it to the other side. He continues down the hall The baby’s cries louder. Tenants huddled in the hallway, peering up warily, not quiet believing what they are hear Loud cries, coming from an apartment. Theo steps into:
111) 0) text: The baby’s Cry expands through the contained space. Theo carrying Kee down, using the wall for support. People huddled on the stairs, looking with amazement. People peering down at them from the upper floors. TAT-TAT-TAT. A gun battie, coming up the stairs toward th Patric and 2 Fishes are backing up the stairs, shooting d at pursuing soldiers below, who answer with a round of fi Patric hears crying, turning, pointing his gun at:
112) 0) text: Gunfire from below forces people against the wall. Theo a Ree continue walking down. Heavy footsteps. A soldier surges up the stairs, pointing his gun at the newborn gir who wails away. Theo and Kee walk past him. The soldier breathless, the c conflicting with his adrenaline.
112) 1) dialog: Hold positions and hold fire! Theo continues carrying Kee down. People on the stairs standing up, getting a look. More soldiers, holding their weapons in silence, stilled by the baby’s cry.
113) 0) text: The baby cries echo through the lobby, now held by the military. Soldiers hold strategic positions, watching The and Kee pass, glimpsing the child in confusion, awe. At the shattered doorway, Theo staggers. Kee sees his swe his pain. His shirt is covered in blood.
114) 0) text: Theo, Kee and the baby step into the murky light of the f day. An impenetrable line of soldiers positioned in the plaza face them, their weapons pointed, ready. The heavy machinery of war silenced by the cries of a baby. Theo and Kee walk forward, toward the soldiers.