0) 3) dialog: Coffee. Black. Next to him, a 50-year-old woman stares up at the TV, cradling a small dog, tears rolling down her face. Theo waits, glancing at the old plasma TV without much interes ON TV: The face of “Baby” DIEGO (18), the most famous boy the world, a fair-haired teenager who has never lacked anything, smiling a practiced smile.
1) 0) text: Theo walks out with his coffee, facing the day. People walking along quietly, bundled up. Some with dogs. It’s cold. It’s wet. It’s sad. It’s London. SUPER: LONDON, 2024 A.D. A short distance from the cafe, Theo sets his coffee cup a post box. Slow traffic rolls past. Mostly “old” cars, ‘ models, some older. A couple of ‘18's. Motorized rickshaw scoot around the edges. A double decker bus passes with metal mesh on the windows. Bicycles. A billboard, showing a stern-faced leader flanked by the idealized profiles soldiers and policemen: “KEEPING ENGLA ALIVE”. Surveillance cameras on lamp posts and building sides with tiny disclaimers: “For Your Protection.” Theo takes out a flask from his pocket, unscrews the top, about to pour it into his coffee, when behind him -- KA-BOOM! A BOMB EXPLODES inside the cafe, blowing out the windows, rocking the ground. Theo reels with the blast, knocked off balance... Smoke pours through the shattered facade of the cafe. Wai of PAIN, as people stagger out, covered in residue, holdi their wounds, bleeding. A woman missing an arm. Theo regains his balance, shell-shocked, holding his ears FADE TO BLACK. (CONTINUED)
2) 0) text: Through a train window covered by steel mesh, a billboard passing by: “GIVE HUMANITY A HAND - GET A FERTILITY TEST” Theo rubs his ringing ears, watching the desolate green landscape. POCK! POCK! Projectiles smack against side of the train, the steel mesh protecting the windows. Theo looks: A gang is hurling rocks and bottles. 20-year-old males, s with painted faces -- these are ZEDS. The youngest generation on earth, nothing to lose, it all ends with th After throwing their load, the Zeds recede, disappearing behind a billboard: “IS YOUR NEIGHBOR A TERRORIST? REPORT ALL SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY.”
3) 0) text: Theo steps off the train. Policemen patrol the platform, some with German Shepherds. He looks around, spotting an older man across the way. He walks toward him.
3) 2) dialog: Hi, Jasper. The two old friends greet each other warmly.
3) 3) dialog: How's it going?
4) 3) text: ‘ THEO (OFF) I don’t know. Fuck, the place was packed.
4) 5) dialog: Fuck knows. My ears are stiJ.l ringing.
4) 8) dialog: Ub huh.
4) 10) dialog: Right after it went off, there were some wounded, crawling out. A bloody woman, holding the hind of a dog. And the people on the street, walking by.
4) 12) dialog: I left.
4) 14) dialog: You kidding me? (CONTINUED )
4) 17) dialog: Baby Diego was always wasted.
4) 19) dialog: Yeah, but he was the youngest wanker on the planet.
5) 0) text: The Volvo slows down, and makes a left turn, going off th road, stopping in front the woods. Jasper and Theo get out. Jasper walks to the middle of th empty road, looking both ways.
5) 2) dialog: (rolling with it) Yeah... Assured the coast is clear, Jasper walks toward a row of bushes in front of the trees, illuminated by the headligh
5) 10) dialog: (smiles) Stork. That’s funny.
6) 1) dialog: How's Janice?
7) 5) dialog: I’m sorry.
7) 7) dialog: Quietus?
8) 3) dialog: Hi, Janice. No response from Janice. She is staring at a wall of phot Her lifetime frozen in images. A shrine to her past.
8) 7) dialog: Not surprising.
8) 11) dialog: He won‘’t make it.
8) 15) dialog: Border cop.
8) 18) dialog: Jasper, you’re taking the whole thing too personally. In 80 years, humanity will disappear. So what? Ninety-eight percent of the species that roamed around earth have gone extinct. Jasper takes another hit. Theo nods.
8) 19) dialog: The dinosaurs had a pretty good run of it. Now it’s our turn. What would we be so damn special? Just because we left behind a few interesting piles of rocks?
9) 2) dialog: All the past historical events, the so- called facts, flow to one point... Theo walks past. He’s dressed for the day in a worn tweed jacket, a leather pack strapped over his shoulder.
9) 3) dialog: (continues) .+-which we call the present.
10) 0) text: Theo enters a gate fringed with barbed wire.
10) 1) dialog: (continues ) And then there are all the events which have yet to occur... Not the grand hails of Oxford, rather, a cluster of one- storey concrete buildings, circa 2000.
10) 2) dialog: {continues ) +--the future.
11) 0) text: A security machine swallows his leather case as Theo stan with his arms spread, a Guard frisking him.
11) 1) dialog: (continues ) The moment where the past and the future meet is the tip of both cones.
12) 0) text: Theo, somewhat animated, draws two “V” cones on a black board, the tips touching each other.
12) 1) dialog: (continues ) This tip is not only a moment. It’s a perception, and there are as many perceptions as people on this planet. (CONTINUED)
12) 4) dialog: Any questions?
13) 0) text: SIRENS, screaming from police cars, racing by, disappeari into the distance. Theo walks on the sidewalk. A billboard, soothing graphic blue on blue: “QUIETUS -~- you can find relief.” The sidewalk strewn with trash, lethargic breeze. A young couple, embracing, kissing in the open. Theo walks by, leather case over his shoulder. He’s holdi a book, reading as he walks: “Salem’s Lot” by Stephen Kin The young couple breaks their embrace. They begin to foll Theo from behind. He does not notice, reading about a boy who got himself locked inside a vampire’s room. The couple follows, pulling ski masks over their heads. As Theo approaches the corner, a van appears on the stree skidding to a stop, blocking his path. He slows down... A motorcycle comes from behind, skidding to a stop, block his street side. Theo pauses, confused -- The ski masked couple upon him, he pulling out a burlap s she pulling out a pistol. And the van door slides open, showing a masked man holdin semi-automatic gun. Theo reacts, backing away -- The woman sticks the gun into his ribs, whispering an ord
13) 16) dialog: You want to know the truth? I got that from a Chinese fortune cookie. The woman takes the mask off. JULIAN TAYLOR is Theo’s age and although life has taken a harder toll on her, she sti radiates the beauty of someone who believes. A scar runs along the side of her face. Theo is stunned. He recovers with a smirk.
13) 17) dialog: Not bad for somebody whose been dead for six years. She smiles.
13) 22) text: ‘ THEO Can I have my flask?
13) 24) dialog: Naked was your idea.
13) 27) dialog: “It’s Columbus Day.”
13) 29) dialog: Is this why I’m here? To reminisce about the good old days?
13) 33) dialog: Can I have my flask?
14) 1) dialog: Death suits you.
14) 3) dialog: (recalling) Uh huh.
14) 5) dialog: There was a body.
14) 7) dialog: (pissed) You could have called. You could have told me.
14) 11) dialog: And the limp... was that the...explosion? (CONTINUED )
14) 15) dialog: Ahuh...
14) 17) dialog: You always got off on martyrdom.
14) 19) dialog: What’d she do?
14) 21) dialog: There’s nothing I can do.
14) 23) dialog: It’s a bullshit project, a million people starving to death in Madrid, and we march in and save the Goyas --
14) 28) dialog: I kicked idealism.
14) 31) dialog: That‘s low.
15) 2) dialog: She’s stubborn.
15) 4) dialog: You’re Luke Grissom, right? (no response) The priest. I met you before. At that London thing. Silence. The two men remembering London.
16) 0) text: Theo steps out of the van at a bus stop. A billboard show young couple tenderly holding a creature which looks impossibly similar to a baby. A doll. A slogan: “LOVE IS WHAT YOU GIVE.” In smaller print: “Now with body temperat and breathing motion.”
17) 0) text: A Rolis Royce passing through a heavily guarded restricte gate, leading into the pristine London Mall. 21. INT. ROLLS ROYCE - DRIVING -- Day A uniformed chauffeur drives, Theo in back, now dressed i worn-out suit, looking out the window: On the London Mall, well-dressed citizens on their aftern outing, some walking their dogs, which are dressed in matching outfits. Some dressed in chaps, riding horses. T privileged minority. A restricted zone.
19) 0) text: The Rolls Royce parks, a security guard opening the door. Theo gets out. Dogs sniff at him, surveillance cameras training over. A government official comes to meet him, extending his hand, smiling. Theo mumbles something. The official explodes with a forced laugh.
20) 0) text: Theo crosses through a body scanner. A screen outlines hi skeleton and solid objects, zipper, coins, his flask.
21) 0) text: The Official leads Theo through a hall hung with painting arriving at a door, leaving him there, walking away. Theo enters...
22) 0) text: Theo is awed. In the middle of the marble hall, under the soft glow of a skylight dome, standing alone, in its perfection, inviting, Michelangelo's David. ‘The real thi Theo is drawn to the sculpture -- WOOF! Two Irish Mastiffs laying on the floor in front of David. Theo doesn’t speak dog, but knows that means stop. Deep growls, the Mastiffs sit up. (CONTINUED )
22) 4) dialog: My Mom had a plastic one in the bathroom. It was a lamp. Teddy approaches Theo.
23) 0) text: An endless corridor, hung with masterpieces on both walls Teddy throws a tennis ball down the corridor, the Mastiff chase after it, shrinking in the distance. Teddy and Theo carry drinks. Rembrandt's self-portraits a as they pass.
23) 2) dialog: Not to mention people.
23) 7) dialog: “Oh, well...”
24) 0) text: Planes drop bombs on civilians. Black and white cubist mayhem. Theo and Teddy stand in front of Picasso’s “Guernica”. The real thing. The Mastiffs sit nearby.
24) 2) dialog: Yeah, I meant to call. Thank you.
24) 4) dialog: Not so well. I think I need to change course. Try something different.
24) 6) dialog: You gotta admit, it’s kind of kinky.
24) 8) dialog: Trading guns for art.
24) 13) dialog: Ahun.
24) 16) dialog: My Aunt had a Mona Lisa in her living room. Teddy smiles, gives Theo a friendly pat.
25) 0) text: Theo and Teddy hang, drinking a bottle of 2004 Chateau Margeaux, looking down on London. The Thames flows by, St Paul’s shows off, the day prepares to end. Quiet.
25) 1) dialog: I'll need a pair of exit visas.
25) 3) dialog: There’s this girl.
25) 5) dialog: I know, but you know. (CONTINUED )
25) 9) dialog: A couple of bruises. Teddy opens a small silver case. He takes out a pill, offering it to Theo, who shakes his head, staring at him.
25) 11) dialog: You amaze me. What keeps you going? In a hundred years, there won’t be one sad fuck left to remember you. What is it?
26) 7) dialog: It’s a joint visa.
26) 9) dialog: She’s my companion. She can only leave the country with me.
26) 11) dialog: It's what they gave me.
26) 13) dialog: I‘'m not going. Tell Julian I did what I could. Theo stands to leave.
26) 15) dialog: Have a democratic assembly, or one of those things you guys like.
26) 17) dialog: I've seen the movie. I know how it ends. ON THE SCREEN: The lads‘ fun comes to an abrupt end when are confronted by a stern COP.
26) 35) dialog: (lying) No.
27) 0) text: Theo waiting on a plastic couch in the simple white room. People at the counter, picking up paper bags that resembl sacks of flour. Jasper returns from the counter, holding a brown sack. Th stands to meet him.
28) 0) text: Outside, the street is quiet. Theo and Jasper walk. Jaspe stoic, is holding Janice’s bag of ashes. Suddenly -- Jasper breaks down. Crying. All of his 75 years now revealed, all at once an old man. 30.
29) 3) dialog: You looked better with your masks on. Theo staring toward nothing. The two men looking at him i expectation. Finally:
29) 4) dialog: I’l1l do it.
29) 7) dialog: I don't like soccer.
29) 9) dialog: Tell Julian I’1l take the girl to Paris. Then I’m done.
30) 0) text: KICK! A cleated foot propels the ball into the air. Men fight their way to it. We're well into a hard-fought Engl football match. Players smeared in sweat and mud. Theo in his seat, watching the match, drinking a beer, ha of the dog. The stadium half filled, lethargic fans, some faces painted, some holding little dogs. The sections secured by barbed-wire fences, security cameras and polic everywhere. : Theo searchés around. An older man sits next to him. A middle-aged man on his other side. Both watching the game A Woman stands, blocking his view, her right hand a fist opens and shows: the “5 Fishes” logo drawn on her palm. T hand closes, as she walks away. Theo stands and follows her. 32.
31) 0) text: The woman walks through a tunnel, exiting the stadium. Sh 40, and hates football. Theo follows. On the wall, a billboard: “REPORT ANY SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY.”
32) 0) text: The crowd roars a goal as the woman crosses the concrete plain. Theo follows, a few yards behind. The woman walks to a bus stop with a billboard: “KEEPING ENGLAND ALIVE - FERTILITY TESTS - YOUR OBLIGATION.” A dou decker about to leave. As the bus starts to move, she get on. Theo runs, catching up to the rear of the bus, jumping on through the back door.
33) 0) text: Theo has just climbed inside, and he’s out of breath. The woman is going up the stairs. Theo follows. Theo emerges on the upper deck. The woman sits at the fro An overhead security camera keeping vigil. He sits down heavily in the first seat he sees.
36) 3) dialog: I didn’t know this was a family trip.
37) 0) text: The Multipla pulling away. Theo accommodating himself, glancing at the woman seated beside him, in the middle se KEE (21) is dark-skinned, West Indies. When she was born, the world was already falling apart. She grew up knowing human life would not last much longer than her.
37) 1) dialog: (to Julian) Is' this the girl?
37) 6) dialog: Nothing. How you doing?
37) 8) dialog: So this is the elite unit? MIRIAM (58), shy woman, Scottish, simply dressed, string bracelets. She can't believe it’s the end of the world. It’s not in the stars.
37) 11) dialog: Cheers. Theo senses the tension in the car -- everyone is nervous
37) 12) dialog: Are we going to have a little sing-along? (no response) Good. I'm going to take a nap. Theo makes himself comfortable against the door and close his eyes, dozing.
39) 0) text: A hand reaches over, nudging Theo awake. JULIAN'’S VOICE Hey there. Theo’s eyes open.
39) 5) dialog: No I wasn’t.
39) 7) dialog: She farted in bed. Julian smiles. Theo looks out the window at the wooded hi passing by, getting his bearings.
39) 8) dialog: Where are we?
39) 10) dialog: No shit. Kee laughs at the small TV flipped down from the ceiling. ON TV: 70-year-old Mr. Bean kisses his teddy bear good-ni
39) 11) dialog: (to Kee) So what‘d you do?
39) 13) dialog: Why do you need to get out? Silence. Kee looks to Julian.
39) 14) dialog: Come on, Jules. I need to know something. She's my travel buddy.
39) 22) dialog: Iceland got scientists from all around the world. And the country fell apart. Like the rest of the world.
39) 25) dialog: The scientists ate the stork. Blank stares.
39) 27) dialog: Never mind. (to Kee) So, are you a scientist? Miriam spots something out the window.
39) 42) dialog: He’s got a gun -- BANG! The bullet crashes through the windshield -- Julian jolts with the impact, blood spraying. The passeng screaming in terror and disbelief:
39) 46) dialog: Godammit, godammit!
39) 53) dialog: She's bleeding, she’s bleeding a lot... Theo holds her throat wound with both hands, trying to da the blood with his fingers.
39) 54) dialog: Hang on, Jules, hang on... Julian reaches toward her throat, grabbing one of Theo's hands. She squeezes the hand. Holding it tightly. Miriam rubs her palms together, laying healing hands onto Julian's head. Holding them there.
39) 73) dialog: (stunned) What did you do?
40) 2) dialog: You just killed two men.
40) 4) dialog: No choice -- ? (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: Theo holding Julian’s body by the arms and torso, draggin her uphill through the woods, Miriam helping with the fee They lay Julian's body between the trees. Miriam kneels beside her, praying a simple mantra. Using her palms to gently cover her eyes, her ears, her nose... Theo looks at Julian, then turns away, anguished at the s of her violent death. Trying to catch his breath. And the whole thing sinks in, the pain welling, overcoming him.
41) 1) dialog: Fuck!
41) 3) dialog: She is dead.
42) 0) text: The empty, battered Multipla rolling downhill, picking up speed, flying off the road over a steep embankment -- CRASH! The Multipla smashes into the dense woods below. Disappearing into the foliage, metal crashing earth. Theo, Luke, Miriam and Kee stand on the road next to the English Vauxhaul, circa 2008. Theo pissed off, looking li hell, his shirt stained with Julian’s blood.
43) 0) text: English rain ~~ steady, cold, bone-moistening. In the car silence. Miriam looking forward. The remnants of tears on Kee’s face. Theo sits in front, the wipers scraping shadows across hi exhausted face. He’s numb, staring at the black night ahe of him. Luke puts on the turn signal. Getting off the main road.
47) 0) text: Theo standing in front of the mirror after his shower. Th bathroom is small, dank, uncared for. Theo wipes the mist off the mirror, seeing himself. Reflected in the mirror, sees something on the wall behind him. He turns: AN OLD PHOTO. A weathered portrait from 30 years back, ta in front of the same farm house: a man, a woman... and th 5 children. All 5 kids hanging on a tire swing hung from large tree. A document from a world now gone.
48) 0) text: Theo walking out of the bathroom wearing a fresh shirt. T is seated in a chair, waiting, holding his rifle.
48) 2) dialog: It’s fine, thanks.
48) 8) dialog: You thank him for me. Theo heads for the door.
49) 0) text: The rain has stopped. Theo, wearing a coat, standing outs the farm house, taking the first sip from the bottle. Tom pulling on his coat as he catches up, holding his rifle.
49) 2) dialog: You're doing a good job, Tom. Theo offers him the bottle. Tom shakes his head.
49) 4) dialog: This your farm?
49) 6) dialog: That used to be a swing, right? A tire swing. (CONTINUED)
49) 11) dialog: Yeah, children’s stuff. From a short distance, Miriam shouts to Theo:
49) 14) dialog: Yeah?
49) 16) dialog: Yeah.
49) 18) dialog: Thank you, Tom.
50) 0) text: Theo comes through the wooden door.
50) 6) dialog: You want to talk to me? Theo starts walking toward her.
50) 8) dialog: That’s what you want to talk about. Cows and titties?
50) 11) dialog: Did she tell you I was carrying him?
50) 14) dialog: I was carrying him!
50) 22) dialog: Sorry, kid. It’s as far as I go. You've got friends, you’1l be all right. Nice chatting with you. Theo makes to leave.
50) 25) dialog: Don’t... The dress slips from her shoulder. She covers her breasts shyly. She is behind the cow, her chest bare. She is shivering. She looks at Theo.
50) 27) dialog: (annoyed) Don't... Kee steps from behind the cow. Her arm covering her swoll breasts, her hand covering her panties. (CONTINUED )
50) 30) dialog: Oh. My. God. The door opens -- Luke enters the barn, followed by Ian and Miriam.
51) 0) text: Theo, Miriam and Kee walking to the farm house, Ian follo few steps behind. (CONTINUED)
51) 3) dialog: This is crazy. You know what this child means?
51) 5) dialog: You've been putting her at risk. She needs the best doctors --
51) 7) dialog: You were a midwife, twenty years ago. Who knows what could go wrong? She needs real doctors.
51) 9) dialog: In France? You know what‘s going on in France?
52) 0) text: ON Tv: slow motion, the Multipla coming in the opposite direction, the windshield blasted out. The image is blurr but Luke, Theo and Julian are recognizable. NEWSWOMAN‘’S VOICE The killers were identified as Luke Grissom, an ex-Catholic priest and one of the leaders of the 5 Fishes terrorist group. (MORE )
52) 10) dialog: (interrupts) Make it public. Theo’s uninvited opinion draws glares from around the roo
52) 16) dialog: How do you know that?
54) 0) text: One Fish asleep in the single bed, another in the top bun bed, snoring. Theo lays in the lower bunk, wide awake, reeling, trying to make sense of all that has happened. He hears: the HUM of a small motor in the distance, getti closer. Then 3 tinny honks. Theo creeps out of bed, padding over to the window. Outsi A small motorcycle coming unsteadily up the rutted mud ro The driver is barely holding a dangling body, hardly able keep the motorcycle upright. The motorcycle arrives at the front door. Tom steps forwa
55) 0) text: Theo coming down the stairs. He sees: Luke and Ian walkin in the house. He recognizes the motorcycle driver: It's Patric. Cut, bloody, clothes torn, soaked to the bon (CONTINUED )
56) 0) text: Theo comes out the back door... SQUISH! Theo's expression his socks are soaked in the cold mud. He sloshes quietly alongside the farm house, no coat, shivering in the cold. reaches kitchen window and sees: Luke pacing, Patric in a chair, Ian leaning on the table.
57) 0) text: Theo is at the door of another room. Checking to make sur it’s all clear, he enters:
58) 2) dialog: Shhhh. We need to talk. Kee awakening --
58) 6) dialog: Luke killed Julian.
58) 8) dialog: That was Patric on the motorcycle. we need to get out of here.
58) 10) dialog: Kee, Julian told you to trust me.
59) 0) text: Theo looking out the side door. There’s a row of six cars parked in front of him. Two Fishes standing nearby. Activity in the barn. He steps out the door... SQUISH! Theo’s expression -- he forgot to get his shoes. He continues, moving quietly to car in front of him. He opens the door...
60) 0) text: Theo enters the side door. Kee and Miriam wait just insid
60) 1) dialog: Let’s go.
60) 4) dialog: Okay... The key is in the ignition. Theo turns it -- HA-RUMPH! After the first spark, the engine dies. Through the windshield: 2 nearby Fishes REACT to the sput
60) 5) dialog: (quietly) Shit! (CONTINUED)
60) 9) dialog: Battery’s dead. Through the windshield: the Fishes start walking to the c
60) 11) dialog: Shut the doors! Miriam and Kee and Theo pull their doors shut. Miriam hit switch -- FWICK! The car doors lock.
60) 34) dialog: {begging the car) Go, go, gO, go, go.... The Fishes getting closer. Patric is coming full speed, running faster than the rest.
60) 42) dialog: Hold on -- !
60) 47) dialog: You okay?
60) 51) dialog: (to Miriam) You know how to push start a car? Miriam slides over to the driver's seat.
60) 56) dialog: (annoyed) Wait till it goes faster! Theo looks back:
60) 61) dialog: (to Miriam) Now! Now! The car shudders, the reluctant engine hesitating a momen before -- VA-ROOM! The engine finally roars to life. The car now is pulling away from Theo. He turns: the Fish are gaining. One pulls out a gun, aiming... Miriam stops the car, 10 yards ahead, Theo gasping, tryin make it, Kee looking from the back window.
60) 67) dialog: Go, gO, go, go! Miriam shifts it into gear, the car lurching forward. Through the back window, we see the Fishes receding. Behi them, the sun cracks the horizon, rising.
60) 69) dialog: I don’t know. Theo about to vomit, out of shape, out of air -- on the v of complete collapse.
60) 70) dialog: What about Bexhill?
60) 73) dialog: You all right?
62) 0) text: Theo gets out of the car. He walks to the middle of the road, making sure nobody is there. Then he goes to the fa hedge by the trees. Lifting the bushes, moving them away.
64) 0) text: Through the windshield, we are approaching a house rigged with make-shift solar panels. Jasper’s house. EXT. JASPER’'S HOUSE -~ DAY The car parks in front, next to Jasper’s car. Theo climbs out. He goes to the front door and knocks.
64) 1) dialog: Jasper. Hello? Theo opens the door.
65) 0) text: Theo walks into the house.
65) 1) dialog: Jasper? The house is a mess. Glasses and dirty plates, books left strewn around. He walks into:
65) 6) dialog: Fuck!
65) 10) dialog: Jasper. Meet Kee. Theo swivels Jasper around. Jasper looking at Kee -- disbelief, recognition... awe. INT. JASPER‘S KITCHEN -- DAY Theo’s wretched feet soaking in a bucket of water. Jasper the stove, frying eggs.
65) 15) dialog: We need to get to Bexhill.
65) 17) dialog: What about the border cop? The guy who runs your pot.
65) 19) dialog: Could he get us over? All eyes on Theo.
65) 20) dialog: Get him to arrest us. Like Foogies. We get deported into Bexhill. Jasper considers this.
65) 25) dialog: Hm? Theo sips from his flask.
65) 27) dialog: (smiles) Uh huh.
65) 29) dialog: Chakras.
65) 31) dialog: She looks earnest. Theo turns: Kee’s beautiful belly, lit softly by the firelight. He’s about to sip his flask, but stops.
65) 32) dialog: How long have... how many months -- ?
65) 34) dialog: Ahum. Silence. The fire crackling.
65) 39) dialog: Uh huh.
65) 41) dialog: Huh?
65) 43) dialog: That it would. Theo smiles.
65) 45) dialog: Ahun. Through the window: Jasper walks out of the greenhouse, a small backpack around his shoulder.
65) 47) dialog: Uh huh. From outside, they hear: “Huh! Huh! Huh!” Miriam exhaling loudly, a breathing exercise.
65) 53) dialog: (smiles) She was suave. Theo considers a drink. Then closes his flask. Jasper wal in the door.
66) 0) text: Jasper with the backpack, leading the group up the hill through the woods, his house behind them. They are bundle in coats against the cold, Kee in a cloak that hides her pregnant belly. Theo stops.
66) 1) dialog: No-man’s land. A cold steel jagged-tooth barbed wire fence cuts across t woods: “MILITARY ZONE. POSITIVELY NO TRESPASSING.”
66) 8) dialog: Shit.
66) 10) dialog: Nah.
66) 13) dialog: Huh?
66) 15) dialog: (in pain) uh.
66) 25) dialog: How far?
66) 30) dialog: What? Theo stops.
67) 0) text: Theo and Kee catch up to Miriam on the side of the road, An IMMIGRATION POLICE HUMVEE appears from around the curv bearing down, headlights shining on them.
67) 2) dialog: I don‘t know.
67) 4) dialog: Back, go back --= They start running back to the woods. The Humvee stops. A BORDER COP climbs out, pointing his gun.
67) 8) dialog: Stop -- stop! Miriam finally stops, the three of them standing still. Waiting. Panting. The rumbling of the Humvee engine. (CONTINUED)
67) 12) dialog: This is from Jasper --
67) 14) dialog: Jasper said --
67) 16) dialog: You’re a fascist pig --
67) 19) dialog: You're a fascist pig. The Border Cop cracks a big smile.
70) 2) dialog: (to Miriam) Is she okay?
71) 0) text: Theo slides out of the Humvee, helping Kee down, Miriam following. Walking to the “IMMIGRATION CONTROL” bus -- an old school bus, painted over, the windows covered with ba The driver is inside, an armed guard next to him. A steel cage behind the driver.
72) 0) text: The steel cage door opens. Theo, Kee and Miriam step in. The cage door closes behind them. They start making their way down the aisle, looking for a seat. Forlorn, malnourished, desperate, trapped faces of captur refugees stare back at them. fhe bus lurches, driving forward. Kee moans with the sudd jolt. Theo steadies her. Miriam finds an empty seat.
74) 2) dialog: _ (whispers to Miriam) You sure this is normal?
74) 10) dialog: She can’t have the baby now.
74) 14) dialog: They‘re checking a bus ahead of us.
76) 2) dialog: I don't know. Theo looks to see: the Police pushing the three refugees, forcing them to their knees. The three refugees pleading. (CONTINUED )
76) 13) dialog: {with an accent) Caca. The Policeman turns to Theo.
76) 15) dialog: Caca. Caca, piss. Theo points to the floor. The Policeman sees the puddle.
76) 16) dialog: Caca, piss, girl, big mess. Smell!
79) 0) text: The bus is parked. Refugees pile out, guard dogs barking their heels. Theo and Miriam helping Kee down.
80) 0) text: Theo, Kee and Miriam emerge from the gate, looking around disoriented, lost. This is Bexhill. What used to be an industrial port town now a sealed-off refugee camp, barely lit by occasional street lamps with uneven current. Kee suddenly stops, doubling up -- a new contraction. The flow of refugees keeps pushing behind them, pushing them forward, Kee stopping pain --
80) 4) dialog: Wait here. Theo heads to the statue, a WWI soldier holding a bayonet rifle, charging. The plaque reads: “Lost Generation.” The walks around the pedestal. YAP! YAP! A tiny runt dog nips at his heels, scaring the hell out of him.
80) 5) dialog: Shit... Theo turns to see a woman: MARICHKA. Olive skin, 40, the exhausted eyes of someone who accepts the hardship of lif fate. She knows when to duck.
80) 6) dialog: Marichka? 83.
81) 0) text: Theo helps Kee into a motorized rickshaw, Miriam already sitting in back. Marichka sits in front, wrapped in a old wool coat, the dog on her lap. Miriam looks back anxiously. Theo turns and sees the Hook Nosed man walking towards them.
81) 1) dialog: You know him?
81) 4) dialog: I saw the news.
81) 6) dialog: Smoke screen killed lots of Foogies.
83) 0) text: Kee coming out of a painful contraction, Theo and Miriam supporting her on either side. Kee looks at Miriam.
85) 6) dialog: One more flight... Marichka starts prattling to them in a language they cann understand, possibly Romanian --
85) 10) dialog: Can she make it?
86) 0) text: The door opens. The little dog scampers inside, uses a ch as a springboard, leaps onto the table, and through the broken window yaps his presence to the dogs barking outsi Theo and Miriam help Kee into the room. Marichka sets the butane lamp on the table. The room is naked, peeling wall broken window panes, a rough mat on the floor. Cold enoug to see your breath. Miriam immediately pulls the mat to the center of the roo Kee doubles up with another contraction --
86) 3) dialog: Thank you, Marichka, we appreciate your help... that‘ll be all... Kee holds herself on the table, moaning with the pain. Miriam dips the glass shard into the bucket -- breaking a thin layer of ice covering the water, cleaning the shard. Marichka turns, pointing at Kee, agitated, prattling on. Miriam gives Theo the glass shard.
86) 5) dialog: {escorting Marichka out) She’s fine, she’s fine, just ate something funny... Marichka is outside the door, taking out a candle.
86) 38) dialog: Ahum.
86) 48) dialog: (awkward) You’re doing great. Kee looks up at Theo, her face wet with sweat and tears, little reassured. Miriam watches: the baby’s blue head emerges completely..
86) 50) dialog: Push. Kee pushing -- the rest of the baby’s body flowing out in stream of blood, Miriam supporting the emerging mass...
86) 63) dialog: What?
86) 76) dialog: Aren't they supposed to cry?
87) 0) text: A dim light shining from a window. Inside, Theo, Miriam a Kee ~~ beholding this new life. Surrounded by the black night. It's silent. Even the dogs have stopped barking. FADE OUT. The sound of distant HELICOPTERS... sporadic GUNSHOTS... blending with the sound of YAPPING, coming closer...
88) 0) text: Theo opens his eyes, waking up on the floor, his coat pul over him, getting his bearings: The first morning sun finding its way into the naked room Kee still sleeping on the mat, the baby at her chest. Mir seated next to Kee, asleep. YAP! YAP! The tiny barking sound is now outside the door. Footsteps following. Theo creakily gets to his feet. There’s a PUSH on the door -~ but a chair is wedged again the handle inside, keeping it shut. A decisive knocking o the door, the YAPPING growing frantic... Kee and Miriam open their eyes, awakening.
88) 3) dialog: Who is it? syYD It’s the Queen of England, can you spare a cup of sugar? It’s Syd, you fool. Open the door. (CONTINUED)
88) 6) dialog: Okay, okay... In the distance, a staccato burst of gunfire is heard. Theo takes away the chair, cracks the door. He peers into the hall: a man stands there, wearing nondescript clothes a turban -~ it takes moment to recognize Syd. Marichka behind him, Santo jumping, trying to get in the room.
88) 7) dialog: Didn't know you were coming.
88) 10) dialog: Nothing. She’s fine. Some woman’s thing. Santo is on the scent, sniffing at Kee, yelping.
88) 12) dialog: We need to get a boat. (CONTINUED)
88) 20) dialog: I’1l explain --
88) 27) dialog: We need a boat. Syd starts pacing.
88) 28) dialog: (insists) We need it before sunset --
88) 31) dialog: Can you get us a boat -- ?
88) 33) dialog: What’s she saying?
88) 36) dialog: Who's Jerry?
88) 44) dialog: Where are you taking us?
88) 54) dialog: I’1l help you.
88) 61) dialog: Syd, please, listen.
88) 65) dialog: Go! (CONTINUED)
88) 69) dialog: (screams) Abhhhh! Theo's hand forcing the gun away, pressuring the trigger BANG! BANG! BANG! The gun fires into the wall, plaster falling, until it the chamber CLICKS. CLICK. CLICK. Empty From the corridor, Marichka and Kee look back, reacting t the gunshots. Theo pushes Syd away, starting after the women. Syd grabs Theo's legs, tripping him, sending him thudding on the fl the gun sliding away. Syd jumps on Theo, punching his face. He puts his hands around Theo’s throat, squeezing. Theo gasping, reaching, strangling him. From the corridor, Kee urges Marichka back to help.
89) 0) text: Theo comes out the door into the trash-strewn alley. Kee Marichka waiting, Kee wrapping the scarf, covering the ba to her chest.
89) 1) dialog: (to the women) Go. They start making their way slowly down the alley, Marich holding Kee up. Theo is about to follow, when he hears:
89) 5) dialog: You okay?
89) 7) dialog: (to Marichka, re: Kee) She needs to eat. Marichka prattles some sort of answer. Theo puts his fing to his mouth, the universal sign of hunger.
89) 8) dialog: Food, mange... (points to Kee) Hungry. Marichka nods, getting it, pointing. Theo and Marichka ta on either side of Kee, helping her walk, Santo following. They round the corner onto the street. Pocked and rubbled the streets of Bexhill bear scars of previous violence. A mob marches toward them, more than 50, a large flag billows, blue, white and red.
91) 0) text: Theo, Kee and the baby, Marichka and Santo enter. Dozens old shoes on the floor, neatly paired. They hear CHANTING rhythmic prayers.
92) 7) dialog: We need a boat to meet it. Before sunset. The Georgian Man asks Marichka a question in her language Marichka answers by rubbing her thumb to her fingers, the universal sign for money. .
93) 0) text: Marichka stands in the middle of the street, her senses alert. Sporadic gunfire and shouting in the distance, but the street seems safe. She signals, and starts trotting. Theo immediately pushes Kee from the bank in the Georgian Man’s wheelchair. Kee has the baby wrapped against her ch and covered. She’s holding the orange cut like a swan.
94) 0) text: The group in the middle of a street obscured in fog, Theo pushing Kee in the wheelchair, trying to keep up with Marichka’s quick trot, Santo tapping along. A RUMBLING in the street. Santo stops, turns around, and starts barking. The ground begins to shake. They all turn: the street beh them shrouded in fog. Street poles shaking. A mechanical clacking adds to the rumbling, drowning out Santo’s barks Through the fog...a silhouette slowly taking form...mammo
94) 1) dialog: Shit... The silhouette defines itself as the fog gives way... A TANK. Solid, massive, scary. And it’s damn close, comin right on them. Theo pushes Kee, the group running away from the tank. Marichka looks back: Santo holds his ground, barking at the metal monster. Marichka turns, running back for her dog.
94) 2) dialog: Marichka...! The tank getting bigger, Santo loses his courage, whimper backing off... Marichka grabs the dog. She turns, finding her stride, running back towards the others, trying to catch up...
94) 17) dialog: We've gotta move. Theo rolls Kee forward, the baby secure against her chest following Marichka. Behind them, through the alley:
95) 0) text: KNOCK! KNOCK! Marichka’s hand pounds a weathered door. An eye-slit opens. A man with an extremely pale face, matted hair and wispy whiskers stares out -- the SEWER RAT. The Sewer Rat assesses Theo and Kee as Marichka prattles her language, negotiating. She reaches into her shirt, pulling out the bills that used to be live in Lenin’s hea waving them.
96) 0) text: 3 armored carriers cruise by, disappearing into the fog. The coast clear, the Sewer Rat leads Theo and Kee and Marichka onto the street.
96) 9) dialog: (still on the ground) We need to get to a boat.
96) 26) dialog: Stay. Understand? (using his hands) You stay. You wait. Here. Understand?
96) 35) dialog: Ahhhhhbh!
96) 37) dialog: ’ Ahhbhhhhh!
97) 0) text: Theo falls on top of people huddled inside. Spanish screa of fear as bodies scramble away. Theo gets to his feet. He’s just crashed into a densely packed living quarter, makeshift mats crammed across the a burner in the middle. People crouching for cover, a few peering through the cardboard covering the windows. He goes to one, pulling back a piece of cardboard:
98) 0) text: Stray bullets strafe the bus, people diving to the floor. Theo keeps low, still peering out the cardboard window.
100) 0) text: Theo watches through the cardboard window.
100) 1) dialog: No, no, no, no...
101) 0) text: Theo reacts to the blast.
101) 1) dialog: Shit. He shakes it off, making his way to the end of the bus. People screaming, crying, covering up. Theo stepping over them, around them, getting to the front. Through the wind
102) 0) text: Theo steps off the bus. A zone of hell -- armored carrier and soldiers -- separate him from the apartment block. Bullets flying from all directions. Theo runs behind the soldiers, whose attention is focused shooting the building to pieces, and heads to the far edg the square in front of the apartment block, making it to:
103) 0) text: Theo crawling at top speed across the dark corridor splattered with rubble and dead bodies, bullets echoing a ricochetting around the walls. And now gunfire coming at him from the inside: the hook-n leaves his position, storming after Theo. Theo shields himself behind pillar, the hook-nosed coming him, shooting. Bullets from the outside ricochet through the corridor, clipping the hook-nosed man in the head. He falls dead. Theo gasps for breath. The soldiers’ attack on the doorwa slowly diminishes, giving way to gunfire from within. Across the corridor, he sees a man and a woman huddle beh a pillar. He slowly gets up. Cautiously making his way through bodies and debris to the stairs. At the foot of the stairs: Kee’s discarded wheelchair. Th starts climbing.
104) 0) text: Theo arrives at the landing, looking down the hallway. A tenants huddled in the dim shadows, staying low, keeping from the windows. A man cries in agony, splashing the pud of his own blood. But the heavy gunfire comes from upstai He continues up.
105) 0) text: Theo gets to the floor, peering down the hallway. Tenants the floor, covering their heads, a few wounded, screaming some bullets make it through the apartment, crashing into hall walls. Theo steps into:
107) 0) text: Theo retreats to the stairway landing, hiding as -- Patric storms out of the apartment, goes down the hall, disappearing into another apartment. A moment. Fresh gun shots are heard. Patric runs out, soldiers bullets rippin through the apartment. He heads farther down the hallway.
108) 0) text: Theo steps into the corridor. A tank mortar has ripped op a gaping hole in the building. People huddle in the hallw the wounded, the terrified, the dead. Theo walks through the hallway, reaching the mortar hole. Soldiers’ bullets scream through the opening, shattering wall, spewing debris. He considers crossing before backin off, returning to the stairs. Then he hears it. A BABY’S CRY. A weak wail through the chaos and explosion Coming from the end of the corridor. Separated by the gap mortar hole, where bullets crash through. Theo edges up to the mortar-ripped hole. Sporadic bullets smashing the wall. He sucks a breath. And runs. It’s only ten feet, but it feels like a mile, the shots ringing pas He makes it to the other side. He continues down the hall The baby’s cries louder. Tenants huddled in the hallway, peering up warily, not quiet believing what they are hear Loud cries, coming from an apartment. Theo steps into:
109) 4) dialog: You okay?
109) 6) dialog: How is she?
109) 8) dialog: (to Kee) Easy. We're going to make it. Bullets from outside RIDDLE the wall near them.’ Theo cov Kee with his body. The shooting passes. At the window, Luke responds, shooting rounds outside. Theo and Kee making their way across the ruined room to t door. Theo steps on glass, a cracking sound -- Luke turns and sees them. He points the gun. Theo freezes
109) 10) dialog: Yeah, it’s a girl.
109) 12) dialog: We need to get her out of here.
109) 20) dialog: That she is. BAM! Luke shoots. Theo recoils, hit in the gut, knocked back out the door. TAT-TAT-TAT. Glass shatters as guns fire from the outside ripping Luke to pieces.
110) 0) text: Theo clears the doorway. He’s in momentary shock, against the wall, clutching his gut, looking at the blood oozing through his fingers.
110) 1) dialog: Shit.
110) 3) dialog: I’m okay. Bullet went through. (gritting through pain) We gotta move. Theo breathing through the pain, holing up Kee, walking d the hall, the baby still crying. (CONTINUED)
110) 7) dialog: Come on.
110) 9) dialog: I can do it. Kee allows Theo to pick her up. He grunts with the effort and begins carrying them down:
111) 0) text: The baby’s Cry expands through the contained space. Theo carrying Kee down, using the wall for support. People huddled on the stairs, looking with amazement. People peering down at them from the upper floors. TAT-TAT-TAT. A gun battie, coming up the stairs toward th Patric and 2 Fishes are backing up the stairs, shooting d at pursuing soldiers below, who answer with a round of fi Patric hears crying, turning, pointing his gun at:
112) 0) text: Gunfire from below forces people against the wall. Theo a Ree continue walking down. Heavy footsteps. A soldier surges up the stairs, pointing his gun at the newborn gir who wails away. Theo and Kee walk past him. The soldier breathless, the c conflicting with his adrenaline.
113) 0) text: The baby cries echo through the lobby, now held by the military. Soldiers hold strategic positions, watching The and Kee pass, glimpsing the child in confusion, awe. At the shattered doorway, Theo staggers. Kee sees his swe his pain. His shirt is covered in blood.
114) 0) text: Theo, Kee and the baby step into the murky light of the f day. An impenetrable line of soldiers positioned in the plaza face them, their weapons pointed, ready. The heavy machinery of war silenced by the cries of a baby. Theo and Kee walk forward, toward the soldiers.
115) 0) text: The Sewer Rat pulling off a sewer lid, Theo grunting as h helps get it off the rest of the way. Theo kneeling there gasping, his face drained. The baby still crying.
116) 0) text: A ceiling lamp illuminates a concrete sewer drain, a narr channel of foul water running through it. Boxes of contra stacked to one side: alcohol, batteries, medicine, cans o food, electrical wire. Marichka giving some bills to the Sewer Rat. Theo sitting in a BOAT, a simple wooden launch with two paddles, moored with a rope to the side. He’s in bad shap He helps Kee accommodate herself in back. She’s holding a candle. Marichka comes to them, prattling on, Santo on her should gesturing toward the end of the tunnel where ambient ligh filters in.
116) 5) dialog: (waves it off) Marichka keep. Marichka smiles. She pushes the launch into motion. Theo starts to row. Kee holding the candle, she puts the baby on her breast. The baby quiets, feeding. Glimpses of graffiti on the walls like cave paintings. Marichka receding in darkness, holding Santo, waving at t
118) 0) text: What lays beyond obscured by milky fog. Theo rowing, slowing slightly, strength waning. The fog h enveloped the city behind them, the riots a distant echo. The world around them has disappeared. Ahead of them, the fog gives way, opening into sunlight. Revealing the rhythmic flashing of a BUOY. (CONTINUED )
118) 5) dialog: Late.
118) 7) dialog: I am sorry, Kee. I am so sorry.
118) 9) dialog: I’m not gonna make it. Kee looks at him.
118) 10) dialog: And I’1l never know if you make it. Theo smiles at her.
118) 11) dialog: But I want to believe that you will.
118) 13) dialog: Promise?
118) 15) dialog: Cheedo. (CONTINUED)
118) 18) dialog: You remember those spring days in London when the sun shines. It was one of those days. People taking their shirts off. Some had flowers in their hair. Music was playing. It was like a big celebration. And suddenly people were running in all directions. People falling, stepping on each other, panic. Julian got carried away, swallowed in the crowd. And it came so hard. The rubber bullet. Knocked me flat on my back... When I got up I saw the blood. And he wasn’t moving. I put my arm around him to protect him. You get it? I put my arm around him to protect him after he was dead. The boat drifting.
118) 20) dialog: Huh? ~
118) 22) dialog: (to baby) Hi, Dylan. Theo musters all he’s got left, reaching the oars back, w cutting through water, grunting his last breath, propelli the launch a little farther. And that’s it. Theo’s body slumps as the launch loses momentum. And slow No direction. Drifting. Kee's eyes fill with tears.