1) 0) text: Theo walks out with his coffee, facing the day. People walking along quietly, bundled up. Some with dogs. It’s cold. It’s wet. It’s sad. It’s London. SUPER: LONDON, 2024 A.D. A short distance from the cafe, Theo sets his coffee cup a post box. Slow traffic rolls past. Mostly “old” cars, ‘ models, some older. A couple of ‘18's. Motorized rickshaw scoot around the edges. A double decker bus passes with metal mesh on the windows. Bicycles. A billboard, showing a stern-faced leader flanked by the idealized profiles soldiers and policemen: “KEEPING ENGLA ALIVE”. Surveillance cameras on lamp posts and building sides with tiny disclaimers: “For Your Protection.” Theo takes out a flask from his pocket, unscrews the top, about to pour it into his coffee, when behind him -- KA-BOOM! A BOMB EXPLODES inside the cafe, blowing out the windows, rocking the ground. Theo reels with the blast, knocked off balance... Smoke pours through the shattered facade of the cafe. Wai of PAIN, as people stagger out, covered in residue, holdi their wounds, bleeding. A woman missing an arm. Theo regains his balance, shell-shocked, holding his ears FADE TO BLACK. (CONTINUED)
9) 0) text: Through a window, we see identical functional apartment buildings on a foggy morning. Next to the window: an old plasma wide-screen TV displays the time. A digit changes -- 8:30. The TV turns on. ON TV: A woman reads the morning news. War torn streets. Militia’s marching. Citizens watching fearfully out their windows. A 50-year-old soldier in fatigues and beret, a Dixie flag flying behind, gives a speech to a crowd in fr of the ruined facade of Camden Yards.
13) 0) text: SIRENS, screaming from police cars, racing by, disappeari into the distance. Theo walks on the sidewalk. A billboard, soothing graphic blue on blue: “QUIETUS -~- you can find relief.” The sidewalk strewn with trash, lethargic breeze. A young couple, embracing, kissing in the open. Theo walks by, leather case over his shoulder. He’s holdi a book, reading as he walks: “Salem’s Lot” by Stephen Kin The young couple breaks their embrace. They begin to foll Theo from behind. He does not notice, reading about a boy who got himself locked inside a vampire’s room. The couple follows, pulling ski masks over their heads. As Theo approaches the corner, a van appears on the stree skidding to a stop, blocking his path. He slows down... A motorcycle comes from behind, skidding to a stop, block his street side. Theo pauses, confused -- The ski masked couple upon him, he pulling out a burlap s she pulling out a pistol. And the van door slides open, showing a masked man holdin semi-automatic gun. Theo reacts, backing away -- The woman sticks the gun into his ribs, whispering an ord
13) 1) dialog: Quiet. The burlap sack comes over Theo's head. She shoves him through the van door. The motorcycle revs, ready to go. The man hops on behind. The woman jumps into the van, the door slides shut. (CONTINUED)
13) 14) dialog: “The only reason to breathe is to make a difference.” Theo reacts, taken aback. The woman sits down, facing him
13) 15) dialog: Those are your words, remember? “The only reason to breathe is to make a difference.”
30) 0) text: KICK! A cleated foot propels the ball into the air. Men fight their way to it. We're well into a hard-fought Engl football match. Players smeared in sweat and mud. Theo in his seat, watching the match, drinking a beer, ha of the dog. The stadium half filled, lethargic fans, some faces painted, some holding little dogs. The sections secured by barbed-wire fences, security cameras and polic everywhere. : Theo searchés around. An older man sits next to him. A middle-aged man on his other side. Both watching the game A Woman stands, blocking his view, her right hand a fist opens and shows: the “5 Fishes” logo drawn on her palm. T hand closes, as she walks away. Theo stands and follows her. 32.
31) 0) text: The woman walks through a tunnel, exiting the stadium. Sh 40, and hates football. Theo follows. On the wall, a billboard: “REPORT ANY SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY.”
32) 0) text: The crowd roars a goal as the woman crosses the concrete plain. Theo follows, a few yards behind. The woman walks to a bus stop with a billboard: “KEEPING ENGLAND ALIVE - FERTILITY TESTS - YOUR OBLIGATION.” A dou decker about to leave. As the bus starts to move, she get on. Theo runs, catching up to the rear of the bus, jumping on through the back door.
33) 0) text: Theo has just climbed inside, and he’s out of breath. The woman is going up the stairs. Theo follows. Theo emerges on the upper deck. The woman sits at the fro An overhead security camera keeping vigil. He sits down heavily in the first seat he sees.
36) 0) text: As the bus as rolls away, the woman walks across the stre (CONTINUED)
37) 0) text: The Multipla pulling away. Theo accommodating himself, glancing at the woman seated beside him, in the middle se KEE (21) is dark-skinned, West Indies. When she was born, the world was already falling apart. She grew up knowing human life would not last much longer than her.
47) 0) text: Theo standing in front of the mirror after his shower. Th bathroom is small, dank, uncared for. Theo wipes the mist off the mirror, seeing himself. Reflected in the mirror, sees something on the wall behind him. He turns: AN OLD PHOTO. A weathered portrait from 30 years back, ta in front of the same farm house: a man, a woman... and th 5 children. All 5 kids hanging on a tire swing hung from large tree. A document from a world now gone.
52) 0) text: ON Tv: slow motion, the Multipla coming in the opposite direction, the windshield blasted out. The image is blurr but Luke, Theo and Julian are recognizable. NEWSWOMAN‘’S VOICE The killers were identified as Luke Grissom, an ex-Catholic priest and one of the leaders of the 5 Fishes terrorist group. (MORE )
92) 0) text: A pale, withered GEORGIAN WOMAN (87) hums a folk song as carves the final touches onto an orange that she’s cut in swan. She presents the swan to Kee, who lays in bed eatin some sort of potato stew, the baby asleep at her side.
99) 0) text: Grenade shrapnel rips through the cardboard. A woman taki refuge in the corner is hit in the head. 115.
103) 0) text: Theo crawling at top speed across the dark corridor splattered with rubble and dead bodies, bullets echoing a ricochetting around the walls. And now gunfire coming at him from the inside: the hook-n leaves his position, storming after Theo. Theo shields himself behind pillar, the hook-nosed coming him, shooting. Bullets from the outside ricochet through the corridor, clipping the hook-nosed man in the head. He falls dead. Theo gasps for breath. The soldiers’ attack on the doorwa slowly diminishes, giving way to gunfire from within. Across the corridor, he sees a man and a woman huddle beh a pillar. He slowly gets up. Cautiously making his way through bodies and debris to the stairs. At the foot of the stairs: Kee’s discarded wheelchair. Th starts climbing.
110) 6) dialog: (praying) Dios te salve Maria, llena eres de gracia, el senor es contigo, bendita eres entre las mujeres... They get closer to the stairwell. Bullets are still flyin but people seem fearless, poking their heads from doors, risking their safe spots to get a closer look. The baby’s crying gives an aura of security to Theo and K They are no longer ducking, walking straight down the hal A man breaks into tears. An old woman bleeding to death o the floor reaches her gnarled finger to touch the baby’s garment. She smiles as they pass -- she has heard the son of an angel. Theo and Kee arrive at the stairs. Kee starts to walk dow but Theo stops her.