14) 45) dialog: Two Thousand Nine... don't even sound right bruh. But Twenty Ten? Twenty Ten is the year my nigga. We gettin it in, for Twenty Ten. See? Don't nothing even rhyme with Two Thousand Nine. Tim shakes his head.
14) 47) dialog: Man fuck that. I'm boycottin 2009 bruh. Come twelve o' clock it's officially Twenty- Ten. We "gettin it in" in Twenty- Ten. Kris thinks about this.
14) 49) dialog: But that's skippin too many years bruh. You can't skip a whole decade. Brandon turns to Oscar.
14) 52) dialog: Osc, Osc! Take a shot with ya bruh for the New Year. Oscar smiles, takes it. Drinks a small shot, and hands it back to Brandon. Brandon lifts the bottle up at Oscar lik toast.
14) 53) dialog: To Twenty- Ten. He takes a quick swig. Oscar gives Brandon a "What the fu are you talking about" look. The group laughs at this, an follow Oscar's lead towards the station entrance.
18) 0) text: Oscar looks around and heads over to some standing room n to where DANAE a gorgeous Black woman in her late 20's si wearing a ball gown and leather jacket. Across from her sit KAREN and DONALD, a White couple dres in similar clothing. There is an empty seat next to Danae but Oscar, Sophina, Tim, Kris, Vanessa, and Carlos all re standing. Brandon, however, slides into the empty seat. H puts his arm around Danae's seat.
18) 1) dialog: Make sure you keep your hands to yourself... The group laughs at this. Danae turns and looks at Brando who is making a funny face at her. She can't hold in her smile. Brandon takes his arm down and offers her the bottle of Hennessy- she declines. He turns to Karen and Donald, and offers it. Donald opens his jacket and pulls out a flask. lifts it at Brandon, smiling. Brandon lifts his bottle in return. The both take a swig.
20) 25) dialog: We aint gonna miss shit, we can get it poppin right here. He presses a few buttons on his iPhone. It plays the MAC song "FEELIN MYSELF" he turns it up. Oscar's friends nod their heads to the music. Darius' face brightens up and he takes off his backpack, digs in it.
20) 29) dialog: Right on lil bruh! More commuters start to dance, including Darius, and his friends, who move like professional "Turf" dancers.
32) 3) dialog: Happy TWENTY- TEN!!! FUCK TWO THOUSAND NINE.
36) 38) dialog: Wussup now nigga? Sophina swings on Cale's girlfriend. Just misses her. Goldenrod (7/19/2012)
37) 6) dialog: They aint even want it when they seen us, bruh! Punk ass Southside niggas... (towards Cale's group)
42) 3) dialog: I've been trying to tell them bruh.                      She don't want to listen to me,                          cute ass. What you doing after this                      baby?                                                   
44) 0) text: Salazar stands over Brandon holding her taser pointed tow the ground. She grabs her walkie talkie.
44) 2) text: On the platform, in need of backup, four suspects apprehended.                               She looks back at Brandon and Oscar.
44) 3) dialog: This is some bullshit. Yall not                          even the real police. You way too                        cute to be a cop anyway...                               Brandon starts to stand up slowly.
44) 6) dialog: Why the fuck you keep pointing that                      taser at me, bitch? We didn't even                       do nothing wrong.                                       
44) 9) text: We see Caruso pull Jason off the train and slam him to th ground, face down. He straddles him and handcuffs his wri behind his back. He picks Jason up by the handcuffs, and drags him towards wall. Oscar looks at this in shock. He turns his attention back Brandon, who still is standing. Salazar pushes Brandon in chest.
44) 11) dialog: Get your hands off me.                                    Oscar stands up.
44) 13) text: I got him. He holds his hands out puts his hands on Salazar's forear and brushes them away from Brandon's chest.
44) 15) text: Chill out bruh, chill out. Chill out and we goin home man. Salazar pushes at Brandon again, and Oscar reaches out hi hands to stop her.
47) 2) dialog: Hey!
47) 3) text: Caruso quickly removes his Taser and points it at Brandon face. Brandon quickly sits down, and puts his hands up. Caruso turns to Salazar.
48) 8) text: This is a shit show. Keep these assholes secured, I'm gonna check the train for witnesses. Ingram nods. He points his taser at Oscar and Brandon. Os takes a picture of Ingram pointing his taser at Brandon w his cellphone. His phone rings in his hand. He checks it: "Sophina Calling". He answers it.
49) 13) dialog: That's brutality you fucking toy cop! Oscar holds his face.
49) 18) dialog: Fuck, bruh!
49) 54) dialog: 
53) 2) text: Brandon, Carlos, Tim stare at Oscar is disbelief.
53) 4) text: Cato looses it, he pushes past the police officers in fro of him. He throws his cellphone at Ingram, just missing h face. It hits the wall, and explodes into pieces. the Cop rush Cato, taking him to the ground. Oscar's friends go berserk they start screaming. Brandon tries to stand up, still handcuffed.
53) 5) dialog: OSC! OSC! GET UP MY NIGGA!!! (to Ingram)
53) 9) dialog: YOU SHOT MY HOMIE!!! HE WASN'T DOING NOTHING!!!
53) 16) text: The Cops take all of the boys towards the escalators. But none of them go without a struggle. It takes four Cops to control Brandon. Caruso runs over to Tenisha who looks on from the Operato car with panic in her eyes.
59) 21) text: Sophina sprints over to the cars. Cato and Brandon are go so crazy that they don't even notice her.
59) 27) text: The Cops stuff Jason into the back of their car before he answer. They stuff Tim into the same car. It takes four Cops to get Brandon. Another group of Cops having the same problem with Cato.
65) 0) text: Sophina hangs up the phone and watches as the Ambulance speeds off down Fruitvale Blvd. Cato, still in the back of the police car, is kicking the window with both feet. Brandon continues to scream from h car. The police cars pull off.
69) 34) text: Sophina hangs up the phone and runs over to Brandon's fat