0) 129) dialog: Sup Osc, bruh?
0) 131) dialog: You lookin for Emi?
0) 133) dialog: Hell yeah he is. He was just over here...
0) 139) dialog: Oh yeah, tell Moms I said Happy Birthday. I had meant to call her this morning.
0) 141) dialog: Bruh I wish I could, but I gotta bust a couple moves tonight. What's good for the countdown though?
0) 143) dialog: You ready?
0) 145) dialog: Sole? Cato takes a sidestep over to his left and motions to a p of fish.
0) 150) dialog: Every fish we sell here can be fried.
0) 154) dialog: What you need for moms, bruh?
0) 157) dialog: Bet. Oscar turns to Katie.
2) 27) dialog: Pssst!
2) 28) text: Oscar snaps his head to Cato, who motions for Oscar to lo down the aisle. Oscar looks over and sees, EMI, a thirtysomething Hispani man wearing a white collared shirt and a name tag. He che the shelves with a barcode scanning device. Oscar slowly heads over.
2) 54) dialog: How it go? Oscar smiles wide and nods. He reaches over the counter a grabs the bag of crabs, then bumps fists with Cato.
2) 55) dialog: That's wussup bruh! Imma hit you tonight! Yall can ride with me. Oscar nods and heads towards the checkout line, his smile fading.
10) 28) dialog: Let's catch BART out there. Tell everybody to meet at South Hayward Station. He presses send. He picks the dish back up, and dries it. phone buzzes. He look at it.
10) 29) dialog: Aight bet. We'll see you there in minute. Pink (6/25/2012)
20) 0) text: A few seats down from Oscar. Jason and Cato have found so company. LAUREN and ASHAE two super attractive Black girl their 20's sit next to each other. They pass a "Black and Mild" cigar back and forth. Cato and Jason hold onto the rails standing over them. Ca takes his joint from behind his ear, lights it.
20) 1) dialog: You know it's illegal to smoke "Blacks" on BART right?
20) 5) text: Is that right officer? Cato passes the lit joint to Jason.
20) 6) dialog: But its cool. We'll let you slide cause its New Years and all. Ashae looks up at Jason.
20) 10) dialog: Shit, we gay too. We can do the whole gay thing together.
20) 13) dialog: Real shit... watch... Cato turns to Oscar, who is hugged up with Sophina.
20) 14) dialog: (shouting across the car)
20) 20) text: Yall niggas is Gay as Fuck! Everyone on the train laughs at this. Cato turns back to girls.
20) 21) dialog: See?
32) 4) text: Donald gives Karen a peck on the lips. Lauren and Ashae k passionately, showing off. Cato and Jason record this wit their cell phones.
34) 8) dialog: Learn how to play the guitar, and I got you bruh! The group steps onto an escalator, and we follow them up
36) 1) dialog: Come'on bruh, this us. Cato cuts through people to get close to the train entran Oscar grabs Sophina by the hand and follows closely behin Cato.
36) 7) dialog: Come'on bruh! Cato jumps onto the train, Sophina does as well. Oscar lo around for a beat, and then steps on. We stay outside of the train as we watch the doors close behind him, and the train takes off. The cars go by, pick up speed rapidly until we are left looking at a dark empt tunnel. We hold on this.
36) 31) text: Get Cato and them niggas!                               BOOM! Cale punches Oscar in the right side of his face-ha Oscar rebalances himself and punches back, with three qui shots to the head and chest. He moves like an experienced fighter, but both men struggle in the crowded train. The other passengers begin to shout and try to move out o the way. Sophina sees this, and turns to their group of friends wh are at the back of the train.
36) 33) dialog: Fuck these niggas bruh! Brandon pushes past Mr. Zafiratos who is holding his daughter. And looking on at the fight.
36) 37) dialog: Get off of him! Brandon punches one of the large Hispanic men hard.
37) 0) text: Oscar has breaks free of Cale's hold and is being held ba and secured by Kris and Cato. Cale and his group back up Oscar's group and begin to flee to the second car, pushin past the other passengers.
37) 1) dialog: You alright bruh? Oscar nods and brushes his head off.
38) 0) text: Something isn't right here, the platform is completely em The group exits the train, lead by Sophina, Vanessa and K Oscar follows behind them apprehensively. As other commuters exit the train, Cato mixes into this g of people and breaks off to the side. As they walk Sophina notices two Cops coming up to the platform- One is an imposing white man in his 30's, tall athletic build, military haircut. This is OFFICER CARUSO. is flanked by a short female officer who looks to be in h late 20's this is OFFICER SALAZAR. Sophina taps Oscar quickly.
43) 0) text: Down the platform, Cato watches Pirone and his friends closely. A small crowd around him.
46) 0) text: Cato sees the punch.
46) 1) dialog: What the fuck?
48) 0) text: Oscar looks down the platform and sees Cato approaching. looks over at the train, sees nothing but cell phones and video cameras. He looks to the escalator and sees a huge, clean shaven w cop in his late 20's sprinting up to the platform: this i OFFICER INGRAM. He is followed by 3 other Cops, NEWSOME (40's) SANCHEZ (30's) and DAVIDSON (30's).
48) 1) dialog: Hey, hey officer, this shit is brutality! What the fuck you doing to them? Cato takes out his cellphone and starts to record.
48) 2) dialog: Fuckin fake ass cops. We got you on camera! Ingram jogs over to Cato.
48) 4) dialog: You gonna Tase me for using my cellphone? Newsome and Sanchez run over to keep Cato back. Newsome stands in the view of Cato's camera phone. Ingram turns a jogs over to help Caruso. Caruso arrives next to Ingram, who turns to him.
53) 0) text: Cato is frozen by shock. Caruso takes a step back, and lo at Ingram with confusion. Oscar takes a struggled breath in, coughs up some blood. stiffly turns his body around to Ingram.
53) 3) dialog: They shot Osc! They fuckin shot Osc bruh!
53) 4) text: Cato looses it, he pushes past the police officers in fro of him. He throws his cellphone at Ingram, just missing h face. It hits the wall, and explodes into pieces. the Cop rush Cato, taking him to the ground. Oscar's friends go berserk they start screaming. Brandon tries to stand up, still handcuffed.
59) 19) text: They ignore her, and quickly get into the elevator with t gear, the doors close behind them. Sophina hears COMMOTIO coming from the escalators. She looks over and sees Brand kicking and struggling, as the Cops bring him down. Cato, Tim, Jason, and Carlos follow, all surrounded by Cops. Vanessa and Kris run over to them as the bring them out towards the parking lot, where several Police Cars are parked.
59) 21) text: Sophina sprints over to the cars. Cato and Brandon are go so crazy that they don't even notice her.
59) 27) text: The Cops stuff Jason into the back of their car before he answer. They stuff Tim into the same car. It takes four Cops to get Brandon. Another group of Cops having the same problem with Cato.
65) 0) text: Sophina hangs up the phone and watches as the Ambulance speeds off down Fruitvale Blvd. Cato, still in the back of the police car, is kicking the window with both feet. Brandon continues to scream from h car. The police cars pull off.