7) 9) dialog: Yeah. You know it would be hella easier if you just had your stuff at my spot right. When you gonna move in.
14) 41) dialog: I can't believe these niggas brought they broads. Finna be hella work in Frisco tonight. Vanessa takes a Tea Bottle from Carlos, her boyfriend.
20) 0) text: A few seats down from Oscar. Jason and Cato have found so company. LAUREN and ASHAE two super attractive Black girl their 20's sit next to each other. They pass a "Black and Mild" cigar back and forth. Cato and Jason hold onto the rails standing over them. Ca takes his joint from behind his ear, lights it.
20) 5) text: Is that right officer? Cato passes the lit joint to Jason.
20) 8) dialog: I like your everything. We should work something out. Ashae smiles and shakes her head as she takes a drag in. Lauren laughs.
20) 11) dialog: Collaboration... It'll be fun. Lauren and Ashae laugh at this. Not buying it for a secon
20) 15) text: Osc!! Osc my nigga!!! (motions to Jason)                                   
32) 4) text: Donald gives Karen a peck on the lips. Lauren and Ashae k passionately, showing off. Cato and Jason record this wit their cell phones.
34) 7) dialog: Nigga, you could have gave that shit to me!
38) 5) dialog: Shit.                                                   
44) 9) text: We see Caruso pull Jason off the train and slam him to th ground, face down. He straddles him and handcuffs his wri behind his back. He picks Jason up by the handcuffs, and drags him towards wall. Oscar looks at this in shock. He turns his attention back Brandon, who still is standing. Salazar pushes Brandon in chest.
59) 19) text: They ignore her, and quickly get into the elevator with t gear, the doors close behind them. Sophina hears COMMOTIO coming from the escalators. She looks over and sees Brand kicking and struggling, as the Cops bring him down. Cato, Tim, Jason, and Carlos follow, all surrounded by Cops. Vanessa and Kris run over to them as the bring them out towards the parking lot, where several Police Cars are parked.
59) 23) text: Sophina get's Jason's attention.
59) 25) dialog: THEY FUCKING SHOT HIM PHINA!!! THEY SHOT OSC IN HIS BACK FOR NO REASON!!!
59) 27) text: The Cops stuff Jason into the back of their car before he answer. They stuff Tim into the same car. It takes four Cops to get Brandon. Another group of Cops having the same problem with Cato.