66) 3) dialog: It's here, its right beneath the skin.
66) 5) dialog: Jesus. It's like it hit something solid. Bone wouldn't do this.
66) 6) text: He places the bullet into an empty beaker atop a cart. He turns back to Oscar and begins to stitch up the incision. Lead Surgeon looks at xrays of Oscar's chest on a light board. Paramedic 2 stands over his shoulder.
66) 11) dialog: Right here, right lung looks to be what's causing the pulse problem.
66) 13) dialog: Shit, Shit, we gotta get him upstairs!
67) 0) text: Oscar lies on the operating table, sedated. The Surgeons medical speak. They move with astounding quickness and precision. Lead Surgeon takes a large scalpel, and makes inch incision under Oscar's right nipple. Blood rushes out, it's worse than they thought. It begins hit the floor. A RESIDENT SURGEON reacts to this, and qui grabs a large emesis basin. He puts it underneath the wou catching the blood. Another Surgeon places a spreader int the wound, and opens it up. The Lead surgeon looks inside of the incision. He lets hi head down in frustration at what he sees.
67) 1) dialog: His lung's gone. We gotta prep for removal.
67) 17) dialog: Wanda?
67) 19) dialog: Oscar was shot, okay? We've stabilized him, but he's in critical condition. The bullet caused massive internal bleeding and we had to remove the right lung.
67) 21) dialog: Well, his breathing isn't our concern. It's the bleeding. We're working very hard to get his blood to clot. But right now, his body isn't taking the transfusions.
67) 25) dialog: Hard to say, but we're gonna do everything we can okay?
69) 2) text: Oscar's body begins to violently shake. A young male RESIDENT DOCTOR, grabs the paddles, the Lead Surgeon touches Oscar's chest, we see under his skin is filled with fluid. He taps the Resident Doctor on the shoulder and shakes his head. He looks up at the clock.
69) 3) dialog: Calling it. Time of Death 9:01 am.
69) 9) text: The Lead Surgeon nods.
69) 10) dialog: But its a homicide, so they can't let you in the room with him, ok?
69) 12) dialog: How many of you will be coming                         down.                                                 