0) 1) text: JOHANNES BETZLER, (JOJO), a cute 10 year-old boy. The room is covered with NAZI POSTERS and other PARAPHERNALIA, including pictures of ADOLF HITLER. You guessed it, he’s a little Nazi. Jojo stares into a full-length mirror and takes a deep breath. gogo Jojo Betzler. Ten years old. And today you join the ranks of the Jungvolk in a very special training weekend. It’s going to be intense. But today you become a man. (deep breath, nervous) I swear to devote all my energies and my strength to the savior of our country, Adolf Hitler. I am willing and ready to give up my life for him, so help me God. A STRANGE FIGURE passes behind him, an ADULT, dressed in NAZI UNIFORM. It feels ghostly and fantastical. We'll fin out who this guy is very soon.
0) 10) dialog: What?! Of course you can. Sure you're a bit scrawny, unpopular, and still can’t tie your shoelaces without adult supervision, but you're also the bestest, most loyal little Nazi I've ever met. Not to mention you're incredibly handsome.
0) 12) dialog: Now you're gonna go out there and have a great time, ok?
0) 14) dialog: Ok, that’s the spirit! Now, Heil me man. gogo Heil Hitler.
0) 15) dialog: Come on, you can do better than that. Heil Hitler! (CONTINUED)
0) 17) dialog: Just throw it away. Don’t even think about it. Jogo Heil Hitler!
0) 18) dialog: No, you're over thinking it. Heil Hitler. Jogo Heil Hitler!
0) 19) dialog: Heil HITLER. They start jogging on the spot. gogo Heil HITLER!
0) 20) dialog: Ooh, that’s it. gogo
0) 23) dialog: Yay, now you've got it! Jogo Heil Hitler! Heil Hitler! Heil Hitle: Heil Hitler! Heil Hitler! Heil Hitle
0) 25) dialog: Ooh, have a great day! You're going to be the best. You can do it! Jojo and Adolf scream like war pigs and Jojo sprints out door.
0) 26) dialog: 
7) 3) dialog: Why so down in the dumps? A strong boy like yourself shouldn't be sad, you should be happy like a cloud! Clouds don’t care about anything! gogo They called me a coward. And my papa, they say he makes desserts instead of fighting. But I know he’s still fighting for you, for me, and for Germany.
7) 4) dialog: Oh, of course he is! And he is also making nice desserts, nothing wrong with that. My God, his custard tarts are the only thing keeping up morale at the front. (beat) Want to tell me about the rabbit incident? What was that all about? (CONTINUED)
7) 7) dialog: Meh, don’t worry about it. I couldn't care less. Just like a cloud. Jogo But now they call me a scared rabbit.
7) 8) dialog: Well you want to know something? (Off Jojo's nod) Just because they’re small and delightfully cute doesn’t mean rabbits are cowards. The rabbit faces a dangerous world everyday, hunting carrots for his family... for his country. Forget those boys. They have their place and so do you. My empire will be made up of all animals, eagles, lions, elephants and even the mighty rabbit. Hitler offers Jojo a cigarette. gogo No thanks, I don't sm-~
7) 9) dialog: Can I give you some really good advice? Be the rabbit. The humble bunny can outwit all his enemies and that is why he is a hero. Be. The. Rabbit. He winks at Jojo who tries to wink back but still can onl manage a weird double wink-blink. Adolf wanders off. Just then, Yorki arrives.
8) 4) dialog: This is amazing! We're like two human antelopes! Jojo pulls the PIN on the grenade and screams an ungodly cry as he hurls it into the air. It bounces off a tree th ricochets backwards, landing at his feet. Jogo Scheisse.
8) 5) dialog: Shiiiiiit. BOOM. Jojo is blown up.
16) 15) dialog: Sheesh, that was intense. Adolf is sitting next to him. gogo What am I gonna do??
16) 16) dialog: Honestly, NO idea. There could be more of them. In the walls. Hundreds of them
16) 17) text: They look around at the walls. They huddle closer togethe ADOLF (CONT‘D) How the hell did she get control like that? gogo She used her powers I guess. Mind control. (CONTINUED )
16) 20) dialog: oh, typical. Did you see how fast she moved? And now she’s got your fancy knife. Jogo I know! My knife! Adolf offers Jojo a cigarette. He waves it away.
16) 21) dialog: You're definitely in a pickle. (he snaps his fingers) Got itt (then) Ah damn, actually I don’t have it. But then. gogo ADOLF (CONT'D) Got it. Got it! (beat ) (beat) I have to negotiate. You have to burn the house down and blame Winston Churchill. Beat.
16) 22) dialog: Ok. Try your idea first. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - INGA’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER Jojo enters Inga/Elsa's room. He's wearing household obje as ARMOUR; A POT sits on his head, he holds a KITCHEN KNI and he has a TRASH-CAN LID for a shield. He goes to the CLOSED secret door and knocks twice. KNOCK-KNOCK. gogo Excuse me? Hello? Little girl? um, Jew girl in the wall? (beat) Yoohoo, Jew? Just over his shoulder Adolf encourages Jojo to continue. (CONTINUED)
16) 28) dialog: She’s pretty rude, y’know. That’s just my 2 pfennige... INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - JOJO’S BEDROOM - DAY Back in the safety of Jojo’s bedroom, Jojo and Adolf pace
16) 29) dialog: -+.and now she’s got TWO knives! Jogo I know!
16) 30) dialog: How are you going to chop up stuff? gogo I don’t know!
16) 31) dialog: And she’s still up there! That thing. That... (CONTINUED)
16) 33) dialog: Jew yeah. What do we do about it? Jogo You think of something!
16) 34) dialog: Oh, now I’m the expert? nts another cigarette, offers it to Jojo.
16) 36) dialog: Sorry, this is stressful!
16) 38) dialog: Okay, let’s talk like turkeys. I guess you can’t tell your mother or the Jew will cut off your Nazi head. No real way around that right now. But y’know, there’s no reason this thing in the attic needs to ruin your life. You could actually use it to your advantage. gogo How?
16) 39) dialog: Well, when someone tries to use mind- powers on me, you know what I do? Use mind powers back on them. Remember last year when that one-armed pirate, Von Stauffenberg, tried to blow me up with a table bomb?
16) 41) dialog: Correct-a-mundo. But the only reason I survived, apart from having bomb-proof legs, is because I outwitted old Von Stauffy. I let him think I was dead when in actual fact I was fine. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
16) 43) dialog: By pretending I was dead I drew out the traitors. So, what are you going to do? gogo Pretend I'm dead?
16) 44) dialog: Exactly. Wait. No. I think what I mean is this: Make her feel safe and she will drop her guard and then you will be the one in control. gogo Reverse Psychology.
16) 45) dialog: Don’t complicate things. Just use my backwards mind power trick on her and you'll be fine. (checks his watch) I gotta go. We're having unicorn for dinner at my place tonight. s go wide.
16) 46) dialog: Concentrate, Jojo! (beat) Ok good luck, and remember that ancient, saying: a Jew living in your wall is better than two Jews flying around with their bat wings, climbing down chimneys and eating innocent Nazis. And don’t give her any more KNIVES!
17) 0) text: UNDERWATER: Jojo swimming down through the water. He pass Adolf who waves as he goes by. Jojo emerges at the surface where we see other WOUNDED ME amputees, burn victims, etc. Adolf emerges from the pool and paddles around the wounde soldiers, doing a very bad job of hiding his disgust. Jojo looks over to see his mother talking to Klenzendorf the side of the pool.
19) 31) dialog: Do you want to play Cowboys and Indians? It might help take your mind off the whole Jew in the attic thing. gogo She doesn’t want to talk to me. This book is going to be harder to write than I thought.
19) 32) dialog: You're doing great, Jojo. I believe in you 100 percent. Suddenly we hear the front door open and Rosie bursting i flustered. She closes the door loudly:
19) 34) dialog: (whispering) I know. Because I’m blending in with my surroundings. He’s not.
19) 35) dialog: (closing his eyes) It also helps if I can’t see her. Unseen by Jojo, Rosie moves to the fireplace and pulls so small pieces of printed paper from her pocket. She LIGHTS them and throws them into the hearth.
19) 36) dialog: Wait a minute. She’s burning something. That's suspicious. What’s she burning? (yelling at Rosie) What are you burning? (CONTINUED)
19) 39) dialog: Oh... (then, screaming)
19) 41) text: INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT As MUSIC plays on a record player, Jojo and Rosie sit at table, not speaking. Both of them eyeball each other suspiciously. It’s definitely awkward and as we pull out WIDE SHOT, we see Adolf has been sitting at the table thi whole time. He makes a gesture to Jojo that he should probably leave them to it. As he exits he winks at Jojo. Rosie winks at Jojo too. gogo Why are you so happy?
20) 2) dialog: Shh? You shush. Let’s get a book and go Libraries are dumb. 4g. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - JOJO’S ROOM - DAY Jojo writes a letter at his desk, the Rilke poetry book l next to him. Hitler lays on the bed reading a book.
20) 3) dialog: Yeah, this is a really good idea, what we're doing right now. If she had a heart, this would break it clean in two. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - INGA’S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON Elsa sits in an armchair. Jojo walks in gogo I have something to tell you. I came across an old letter from Nathan - your fiancée — addressed to you. It’s quite lucky I found it.
23) 20) dialog: You two seem to be getting on well. gogo No, I just... I was making sure she was still alive.
23) 21) dialog: What do you care? gogo I don’t, But I also don’t want a dead person in my house. How would you like it? ADOLF. (wiggling his toes) I wouldn’t care. I’m tough. All the time you guys are spending together... I have to admit, it makes me uncomfortable. (CONTINUED)
23) 25) dialog: (sighs) Okay, sorry. You're right. Oh no, I've made it weird between us, haven’t I? Is it weird? Oh god, it’s weird now. A beat as we process Adolf Hitler in Jojo’s bed. It’s wei gogo I'm just tired. I’m going to bed.
23) 26) dialog: sure, I was just keeping it warm for you. Friends do that. He gets out of bed, dressed in full regalia, including th PUFFY-HIPPED PANTS that Generals wear.
23) 27) dialog: Hey do you think this uniform is slimming? I’m not sure about the hips on the pants. gogo You look great.
23) 28) dialog: Thank you. Now Jojo let me give you some really good advice. Once you see what's in her mind and where she's trying to get you to go - in your own head, you must go the other way. Don’t let her put you ina brain prison! That, dear Jojo, is one thing that cannot happen to a German! Do not let her boss your German brain around!
23) 30) dialog: Try not to. It looks like you've got a lot of good information in your book, so I think it’s time to share it with the world, yes? (CONTINUED)
23) 32) text: Hitler goes to leave. gogo Um Adolf, do you think I’m... ugly?
23) 33) dialog: Is that a trick question? (he ponders, then) Is there another word for ugly but not as offensive? gogo I don’t think so.
23) 34) dialog: Well if there was, that’d be you to a tee. Anyway, ugly isn’t a bad thing. Field Marshal Rommel was absolutely hideous but he made up for it with great joke telling abilities. (then) Sweet dreams, little Rabbit. He winks and leaps out the window. Jojo looks in the mirr once more. INT. Jogo’ He scowls at himself and turns out the light. S$ HOUSE - INGA’S ROOM - NIGHT Rosie drinks from a bottle of wine. She swigs
28) 110) dialog: So that was pretty much a bust. I can’t believe they fell for her disguise. Mind explaining that? gogo She doesn’t seem like a bad person.
28) 111) dialog: (immature) Poor Jojo, he’s a widdle bit tired and confused and the only thing he can cook is invisible soup. He is suddenly serious, elements of the real Hitler start building as he gives an impassioned speech.
28) 112) dialog: I am beginning to question your loyalty to myself and the party. You say you are a patriot but where is the evidence? The German soldier was born out of necessity, Germany depends on the passion of these young men, passion and a readiness to fall for the fatherland. Their resurrection will be seen in the rise of the German folk, despite the futile efforts of Allied war profiteers who send their ill-prepared armies clumsily into the lair of the wolf. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
28) 115) dialog: And only those zealous men who stand steadfast in the face of the enemy will be remembered, their names etched into German memory forever. But it is up to you to decide if you want to be remembered, or forgotten like a grain of sand, disappearing without trace into the desert of insignificance (beat) To put it plainly - get your shit together and sort out your priorities. You're ten, Jojo. Start acting like it He walks out, dramatically knocking over a cup.
38) 25) text: He turns to walk out of his room, BUT ADOLF steps into the doorway, blocking his path. He has a gaping wound on the side of his head where he shot himsel
38) 26) dialog: Where in the shit do you think you’re going? gogo out. (CONTINUED)
38) 29) dialog: Oh no you're not. You’re staying right here and you're going to tell me what the hell's going on. Be honest. gogo I can’t hang around with you anymore. I’m sorry.
38) 30) dialog: I said be honest. (beat) You betrayed me, traitor. gogo You betrayed everyone! I believed in you!
38) 31) dialog: But you stopped believing! And now you're best friends with that thing in the
38) 33) dialog: You're in love with her aren't you? gogo Yes.
38) 34) dialog: Admit it gogo I just said yes!
38) 35) dialog: I knew it! Well she’s too old for you and you're ugly. Jojo stares at Adolf.
38) 36) dialog: Fine. I’m sad things didn’t work out with us, however I’m still kind of proud of you. Massively disappointed, but also proud. I like to think of you as my strange, wayward, disappointing, ugly son. (CONTINUED )
38) 37) text: Adolf hand: g1. (5)
38) 39) dialog: But you need me! I’m all you've got! You'll never make it out there. You're a scared little ugly rabbit. You'll die without me! s Jojo a SWASTIKA ARMBAND.
38) 40) dialog: Now you listen to me. I’m going to give you one last chance to make things right. You're going to put this on and forget about that disgusting Jewy cow up there, and you're going to come back to me where you belong. Got it? Jojo screws up the armband and throws it on the ground. A buckles in pain.
38) 41) dialog: Heyyy... hey, how about you Heil me, yeah? Come on, for old times sake? (beat) Heil me, little man. Jogo No...
38) 42) dialog: Come on, you know you want to. Just a little Heil. Just a little bittle Heil for your old friend? gogo No. Fuck off Hitler. And with that, Jojo kicks Adolf as hard as he can in the balls. Adolf screams as he goes FLYING THROUGH THE WINDOW out into OBLIVION. Hitler is INT. Jogo’ Jojo leads no more.