2) 16) text: None of the knives stick, instead they fly off at dangero angles, one ricochets, lodging itself in another kid’s th - GUN RANGE. Jojo and some other kids aim their KARABINER RIFLES at a target in the distance. Jojo fires and, jumpi from the loudness of the shot, drops the rifle. - WAR GAME. The boys are separated into 2 groups, one sid wearing RED SASHES and the other GREEN. They chase each o round a clearing, pushing each other over and taking prisoners etc. Jojo and Yorki are taken prisoner instantl An older lad, CHRISTOPH, looks at them with disappointmen
6) 0) text: Jojo sits with a bunch of other kids. Two team leaders, CHRISTOPH and HANS, (21) smoke cigarettes and hold court. Christoph kisses a girl before turning to the kids.
6) 1) dialog: When you stand before the enemy and have to end his life, which of you will have the stomach for it? Everyone raises their hands. Jojo too, although a little slow.
6) 2) dialog: There is no room in Hitler's army for those who lack strength. We want hardened warriors who are prepared to kill at will. Can you do that?
6) 4) dialog: Johannes? Can you kill? gogo Pf£f, of course. I love killing.
6) 5) dialog: Good... Hans uncovers a small cage nearby - it is filled with lit rabbits. Hans takes a bunny from the cage and holds it ou towards Jojo.
6) 6) dialog: Kill it. (CONTINUED)
6) 9) dialog: Wring its neck. Kill the rabbit gogo Oh, I’m ok. I might do it later.
6) 10) dialog: No later, NOW. Or are you scared?
6) 14) dialog: Coward. Just like your father.
6) 16) dialog: No one has heard from him in two years. He's a deserting coward just like you.
6) 22) dialog: Scared little rabbit. Maybe we should snap your neck too. The rest of the kids taunt Jojo. He stands and runs into woods, trying to escape the laughter. Hans encourages the chant “Jojo Rabbit” as he runs.
8) 0) text: Captain Klenzendorf sits in a deck chair. He pulls the pi a HAND-GRENADE and hurls it into an open space. It EXPLOD REVEAL he is holding a lesson on hand-grenades. Hans, Christoph, and the rest of the boys watch from the safety a TRENCH.