28) 31) dialog: Heil Hitler. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Captain Herman Deertz of the Falkenheim Gestapo. This is Herr Mueller, Herr Junker, Herr Klum, and Herr Frosch. (then) Heil Hitler. gogo Heil Hitler. (to Mueller) Heil Hitler.
28) 38) dialog: Now, we-- (CONTINUED)
28) 42) dialog: Captain Klenzendorf? Heil Hitler.
28) 44) dialog: No, we were just Heil Hitlering each other and were about to conduct a routine inspection. He nods to the other agents who start snooping around the house, inspecting drawers, cupboards, shelves.
28) 45) dialog: And what brings you here, Captain?
28) 47) dialog: I see.
28) 49) dialog: Oh you know how it is. Routine inspections. We're following up on a few leads that will probably lead to nothing, but it’s all part of the job, isn’t it? Deertz smiles and moves into Jojo’s bedroom. DEERTZ (CONT’D) So, young Johannes, you're helping out at the Hitlerjugend office. (CONTINUED)
28) 52) dialog: Good for you. I wish more of our citizens had your commitment.
28) 54) dialog: What on earth are those oafs up to? Why don’t we go upstairs and see. Yes? He puts an arm around Jojo and they head upstairs. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALL - CONTINUOUS They stop at Jojo's mother’s room. The officers are looki through her dresser and wardrobe, under the mattress.
28) 55) dialog: Do you know where your mother is? gogo No. I think she’s in town.
28) 56) dialog: And tell me, what has she been up to of late? Does she get to spend much time at home? gogo Well, she is quite busy. Klenzendorf accidentally knocks over a chair. He exhales heavily, clearly uncomfortable.
28) 57) dialog: Is she? Hm. Well it’s good to see you are still wearing your Jugend uniform. (beat) But... where is your DJ knife? Jojo looks down to his little sheath, it is still empty. From behind them. (CONTINUED)
28) 61) dialog: And who might you be?
28) 63) dialog: You live here too? Jogo This... is...
28) 66) dialog: Heil Hitler. The others agents join in and we go through another long round of Heil Hitler salutes, this time with Elsa.
28) 67) dialog: I didn’t know you had a sister, Johannes.
28) 71) dialog: Now, now, no need to attack his physicality. It’s a war wound. And why do you have his knife?
28) 73) dialog: What do you have hidden in there?
28) 75) dialog: May I?
28) 77) dialog: You see we deal with an overwhelming number of reports, denunciations, and general investigations which means we are severely understaffed and overworked Deertz opens the curtains and looks out the window DEERTZ (CONT’D) Now, of course we are indeed interested in problems of crime and anti-party sentiment, but we still have one greater concern; that of the Goldilocksies, running amok, taking advantage of other people in this city. Sneaking around eating people’s food, sleeping in their beds... It’s quite rude (beat, to Elsa) I don’t suppose I could see your papers could 1? Elsa freezes.
28) 78) dialog: Hmm? (CONTINUED)
28) 88) dialog: Wait. What is this... Yoohoo...Jew?
28) 89) text: Jojo gulps. Deertz spies Jojo’s BOOK sitting on the dress He opens the book and starts flicking through the pages. atmosphere is palpable. Slowly Deertz begins to smile, an then... he giggles. DEERTZ (CONT’D) (stifling laughter) Oh my... Oh my! Tell me, who did this? Was it you, Inga? (CONTINUED)
28) 93) dialog: This is amazing. Guys, look at this. Klenzendorf and the others gather round Deertz as he show them Jojo's fantastical drawings and writings. There are pictures of crazy animals and fairies and magical worlds. DEERTZ (CONT’D) Where did you get all of these ideas? gogo It's an... exposé. For the Fuhrer.
28) 95) dialog: An exposé. Oh, I think he would absolutely adore this. Oh my, this guy is riding a dragon. “Mode of Transport”. (turning a page) Ooh, this is a drawing of their anatomy. Look, this one here shows the inside of their heads. How wonderful. The officers are all giggling now.
28) 97) dialog: Oh look, this guy is killing a giant. oh boy. (beat) And what is this? "Die, Nathan, Die. Ways of killing Nathan.” Oh this is hilarious. Look at this guy Nathan, look at all the ways he’s dying! (beat) Tell me, who is this Nathan? Jojo looks at Elsa sheepishly. She stares at him for a moment, then looks away. (CONTINUED)
28) 101) dialog: Well, I must thank you for this. You have really made my day. I do hope you continue with it. And, of course, if you see anything suspicious, give us a ring. Good day. More Heil Hitlers as they leave. Jojo just stands there watching.
35) 0) text: Music blares, it’s an anthem of some sort. Jojo stares wi eyed as AMERICAN TROOPS officially enter the city in a convoy. Some people are waving, happy. Others are crying. Officer Deertz is also there, along with and a couple of Gestapo agents being taken away. A WOMAN holding her child waves at the passing ALLIED CON