16) 3) dialog: Hi Jojo bolts as fast as he can, out the door and downstairs where he trips and lands on the bottom landing. ELSA (0.S.) (CONT’D) Little boy... STOMP. STOMP. STOMP. Footsteps on the stairs get louder. Eventually Elsa rounds the corner halfway up the stairs. Jogo What do you want? Are you a ghost?
16) 4) dialog: (smiling spookily) Sure. A ghost. gogo Get out of my house! (CONTINUED)
16) 7) dialog: Johannes, that’s no way to treat a ghost. Jogo Why do you live in the wall?!
16) 8) dialog: Where else should a ghost live? Beat. Jojo leaps up and tries to make a run for it, but before he can reach the door she grabs him by the scruff the neck and slams him into a wall. ELSA (CONT’D) Don’t make me run kid, I’m far too hungry and you know how much we love the taste of blood. Jojo checks his sheath for his DJ KNIFE but it’s empty. E reveals the knife in her hand ELSA (CONT’D) Lose something? (beat) I'm not a ghost Johannes, I’m something worse. But I think you already know that don’t you? You know what I am. gogo No. She presses the knife to his throat,
16) 9) dialog: Yes. Say it. gogo (he gulps, futile) Jew.
16) 10) dialog: Gesundheit. gogo You can’t be here.
16) 11) dialog: Well your mother invited me so I suppose that makes me her guest. gogo No. It’s not allowed. (CONTINUED)
16) 14) dialog: What will you do sweet Hitlerchen? Jojo's eyes dart towards the door, and then the telephone ELSA (CONT’D) Of course. Go on then, tell them. But you know what happens if you do? I'll say you helped me. And your mother too. Then we'll all be kaput. and if you tell her you know about me... just one word... (raising the knife to his neck) I’ll do the world a great big favour and cut your Nazi head off. Got it? She releases him and backs away, still holding the knife. ELSA (CONT’D) I think I‘11 hold onto this. It’s pretty. She wanders back up the stairs leaving Jojo in shock. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - JOJO’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER Jojo sits on his bed, petrified
16) 27) dialog: Not okay. Jojo spins, she’s right behind him, holding his knife smiling. She kicks him hard against his trash-can lid shi He flies back, hitting the wall and collapsing in a heap. Elsa picks up the KITCHEN KNIFE, flips it in her hand. ELSA (CONT’D) Get the hell out of my room. Jogo Argh!!!
16) 72) dialog: You could reason with him. (CONTINUED)
16) 76) dialog: Yet you let him go to the Hitler Youth you encourage it.
16) 78) dialog: Perhaps we're all ghosts now but we just. don’t know it.
16) 80) dialog: I haven’t lived at all. And if this is living, this hole in the wall and all this darkness, then what will death be like?
16) 82) dialog: They've been winning so far. (CONTINUED )
19) 10) dialog: It’s just a normal stalemate. gogo I have some conditions for allowing you to stay here.
19) 11) dialog: Conditions? Jogo Yes. I will not cause any trouble for you if you promise to tell me everything about the Jewish race.
19) 12) dialog: Ok. We're like you but human. Done. Jogo Please take this seriously. I want to know all your secrets. Kindly refrain from sitting on my sister’s bed.
19) 13) dialog: Why? She doesn’t need it. gogo You know nothing of my sister. (CONTINUED)
19) 16) dialog: Inga and I were friends. I remember you: Such a funny boy. gogo Enough with the small talk. Elsa laughs.
19) 17) dialog: Ok. Obviously we are demons who love money, right? Jogo (writing it down) Obviously. Everyone knows that.
19) 18) dialog: But what people don’t know is that we are also allergic to food. Jogo What?
19) 19) dialog: Cheese, bread, meat. Those things will kill us instantly. So if you're thinking of ending my life, that’s the fastest way. Also biscuits. Lethal. Jojo writes this down, stops. He gets it. gogo very funny. Anyway, there’s not enough food for you so I don’t know what you're going to do.
19) 20) dialog: Your mother managed to find some bread She's kind. She treats me like a person. Jogo But you're not. Not a proper person. She looks him up and down.
19) 21) dialog: Are you? Jogo How dare you, Jew. You are weak like.. an eyelash. I am born of Aryan ancestry.
19) 28) dialog: Break free. gogo Mmrrmmph,
19) 29) dialog: Break free, great Aryan. (leaning in close) There are no weak Jews. I am descended from those who wrestle angels and kill giants. We were chosen by God. You were chosen by a pathetic little man who can’t even grow a full moustache. His struggle is useless, he cannot break her grip. She releases him and pushes him onto Inga’s bed.
19) 30) dialog: The stronger race, huh? She goes into her hideout and closes the door behind her. Jojo sits there, not sure how else to proceed. Jogo Ok, that’s enough for today. Well continue tomorrow. Okay? (beat) Okay? (then ) Okay. Jojo packs his book away and leaves. 40. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON Adolf is dressed as a Native American. He offers Jojo a p on his peace-pipe.
19) 69) text: Jojo laughs and gives in. He goes and dances with his mot Rosie holds her son close, squeezing him tightly, kissing him, not letting go. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - INGA’S BEDROOM - MORNING A PEN skids across the floor. Elsa stops it and picks it gogo So, I'd like you to draw a picture of where Jews live. A typical hive; where you all sleep, eat, and where the Queen Jew lays the eggs. (CONTINUED)
19) 72) dialog: You really are an idiot. gogo Come on. We have a lot of work to do. Elsa takes his pen and paper and starts drawing
19) 73) dialog: Where Jews live. Ok. Jogo And tell me about your family.
19) 74) dialog: I'll tell you about Jews but you are not privileged to know about my family. Jogo I need background.
19) 75) dialog: Let me ask you something. Why are you hanging around with me? Don’t you have any friends?
19) 77) dialog: Yorki.
19) 79) dialog: Pit... Jogo You don’t have anyone.
19) 80) dialog: I have Nathan. Jogo Who the hell is that?
19) 81) dialog: My fiancée. I have him. gogo Where is he? (CONTINUED)
19) 84) dialog: Fighting in the resistance. She holds out a LOCKET with TWO PHOTOS inside. One is a pretty picture of Elsa, the other of a handsome man, NATH
19) 85) dialog: He proposed to me on the banks of the Fluss. He knelt down like a proper gentleman, recited a poem by Rilke, and when I said ‘yes’ we danced into the night. Jogo Snore. Who's Rilke?
19) 86) dialog: A great Poet. Nathan’s favourite. gogo Oooh, Nathan's favourite, yayyy
19) 87) dialog: He's coming to rescue me and then we’1l go live in Paris. gogo You would turn your back on Germany forever.
19) 88) dialog: It turned on me first. Jogo Yeah well we don’t need you. You and your stupid boyfriend can shut up and go live in dumb... Cheese - Snail - Baguette - Land.
19) 89) dialog: Now, now, just because you don’t have a girlfriend. Jogo Pah! I'm too busy for girlfriends.
19) 90) dialog: One day you'll make time. He rolls his eyes. (CONTINUED)
19) 93) dialog: You'll think of nothing else. You'll meet someone and spend your days dreaming of the moment you can hold her in your arms again. That’s love. Jojo takes a moment, under her spell. He breaks out of it Jogo Ridiculous.
19) 94) dialog: Finished. Elsa places her finished drawing next to Jojo. It’s of hi Underneath she has written the word DUMMKOPF. gogo I said to draw where Jews live. This is just a stupid picture of my head. She pushes her finger into his forehead.
19) 95) dialog: That’s where we live. She slinks back into her hideout, closes the wall behind Jojo stares at his drawing.
20) 4) dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
20) 7) dialog: Einstein. gogo Bach.
20) 8) dialog: Gerschwin. soso Brahms. Mozart. Wagner. (CONTINUED)
20) 11) dialog: Musicians, is that all you have?! gogo Rilke.
20) 12) dialog: Oh of course, your favourite, Rilke Jewish mother. gogo Dietrich, then.
20) 13) dialog: (clicking her fingers) Houdini. gogo Nooooo.. .
20) 14) dialog: Believe it brother. Just ask Pissaro, Modigliani, Man Ray, Gertrude Stein, Mr. Moses and the king of them all, Jesus Christi, Amen. She does a MAGEN DAVID POWER MOVE with her hands. gogo You're just saying any old name now. I've never heard of these people and now I’m fed up. He goes to leave.
20) 15) dialog: Hey. (he stops) If you find any more of those letters, will you let me know? gogo Sure. Ok. (beat) Bye. We stay with Elsa.
20) 16) dialog: Bye. 51.
23) 4) dialog: What's wrong? After a beat.
23) 5) dialog: You want me to tell you about the Jews? (Off his look) Get comfortable. (beat) Okay, in the beginning we used to live in caves, deep, deep in the centre of the Earth.
23) 7) dialog: Scary places full of strange and wonderful creatures all with one thing in common... gogo (nodding, knowingly) Stealing the ends of penises.
23) 8) dialog: (laughing) No you idiot. A love of art. gogo No cutting penises off?
23) 9) dialog: You want the story or not? gogo You may continue. But I know it’s true, the penis thing. Rabbis use them for earplugs. (CONTINUED)
23) 11) dialog: Aaaand moving on. So, after many years of developing magic and spells, we slowly moved out of the caves and into the towns. Some of us stayed in the caves, in our normal bodies. gogo Which are... blobs or something?
23) 12) dialog: Well, I'll draw them for you. Jojo's book and starts drawing. Jojo watches her nds as they create the picture. She hands the book jo; it is a beautiful sketch of a WEIRD creature that is more like an ELF or FAIRY. Definitely not Jewish monster. He writes ELSA (CONT’D) It would be better with colour. Jogo Where’s the horns?
23) 13) dialog: Um, they’re under the hair. gogo Where are yours?
23) 14) dialog: I'm too young. They grow when you turn 21. gogo Ahhh... that down too.
23) 15) dialog: Anyway, these days we live among normal humans but often we will take over a house and hang from the ceiling when we sleep, like bats. Oh, one interesting thing is that we can read each other's minds. Jogo Everyone's minds? What about German minds? (CONTINUED )
23) 18) dialog: No, their heads are too thick for us to penetrate. Like birds, our true language sounds like singing. Crystals, glass and gold. Jogo (writing) Attracted to shiny things... but also ugly things, Jews love ugliness. That's another thing we learned in school. (beat) Ugly things yes? You love them? Elsa regards this 10 year-old kid writing as fast as he c a manic look on his face. A small smile creeps across her
23) 36) dialog: I don’t know anything about being a woman. Is that what it is, you drink wine?
23) 41) dialog: Trust without fear. How do you do that, how do you know you can trust someone? Rosie smiles and leans in. She winks
23) 43) dialog: All those other things? Did you do that stuff? You know, go to Morocco, and the rest.
28) 14) dialog: Thank you. (CONTINUED)
28) 17) dialog: I could draw you again? gogo No one wants to see pictures of cripples.
28) 18) dialog: You're hardly a cripple. Besides, true artists don’t see that stuff. gogo Blind artists you mean. Look, it’s fine, I’1l just accept that I’11 be one of those guys who will never get to kiss a girl. (beat) And I’m not fishing for anything by the way. I feel quite strongly about this
28) 19) dialog: You will be kissed, Jojo. (beat) Do you want me to kiss you? gogo Ok, two things. Thing number one: it’s illegal for Nazis and Jews to hang out like we do, let alone kiss, so already it’s out of the question. And thing number two: it would just be a sympathy kiss which doesn’t count.
28) 20) dialog: You're not a Nazi. JOgO What are you talking about? Of course I am
28) 21) dialog: Not a real Nazi. Jogo I'm massively into Swastikas so I think that’s a pretty good sign right there. (CONTINUED)
28) 24) dialog: You're not a Nazi, Jojo. You're a 10 year old kid who ‘likes’ Swastikas and ‘likes’ dressing up in a funny uniform and wants to be part of a club. But you’re not one of them. Not you. Jogo (rolling his eyes) Okayyy, let’s just agree to disagree, alright? (beat, to himself) Not a Nazi, ha. He picks at an imaginary thing on the wall. Elsa stares a herself in the mirror.
28) 25) dialog: What a dirty Jew. Jojo shuffles nervously. He opens the bedroom door. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - LATER Elsa soaks in the tub while Jojo sits outside the door. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - ROSIE’S ROOM - LATER Jojo sits on the bed as Elsa brushes her hair. Yep, she’s beautiful. As he watches her, Jojo shivers a little. He looks down a sees butterflies in his stomach, then looks back at Elsa, worried. Yep, he’s in love. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY Downstairs, Elsa looks around, trying out chairs, looking photos, taking in the normality of the room.
28) 26) dialog: ‘Living room’. Funny name. gogo Stay away from the windows. Suddenly there’s a KNOCK at the door. They freeze. (CONTINUED)
28) 60) dialog: It's here. They turn to see Elsa standing at the door to Inga’s room She holds the knife in her hand and wears a dress and shi of Inga’s. She looks beautiful and... quite German. Jojo wide-eyed, panicked.
28) 62) dialog: Who might YOU be? And what are you doing in my house?
28) 64) dialog: (mocking Jojo) Thisss... isssss... (to Deertz) Speak properly idiot. I’m Inga. His sister. There is an awkward pause. Klenzendorf COUGHS. Jojo tries stall. gogo Heil Hitler.
28) 65) dialog: Heil. Hitler.
28) 68) dialog: Well sometimes he'd prefer I was dead. Wouldn't you, little Frankenstein? Klenzendorf looks back and forth between everyone, confus (CONTINUED)
28) 72) dialog: I’m guarding my room because he refuses to stay out of it.
28) 74) dialog: (smiling) Oh you know, girl’s stuff. Deertz goes to enter Inga’s room.
28) 76) dialog: Naturally. He wanders in, inspecting the room. He walks past Elsa’s secret door. Klenzendorf enters, walks past Jojo, eyeing
28) 82) dialog: Yes, of course. Elsa goes to a drawer in Inga’s dresser and opens it. She then tries another drawer and another. Eventually she pul out INGA’S PAPERS. Her hand is beginning to shake, Klenzendorf takes the papers from her and looks at them, and then flicking a look to Elsa. POV of the papers shows Inga when she was sick, GAUNT and PALE; the two girls share a vague resemblance.
28) 84) dialog: They're 3 years old, I was 14.
28) 86) dialog: May 1, 1929. Another long pause. Elsa wipes her sweaty hand on her dre
28) 92) dialog: Yes, it’s an exposé on Jews, how they look, behave, think. It’ll be a gift to the Fuhrer.
28) 94) dialog: I just said that, Johannes.
28) 100) dialog: No one. Just a stupid boy. Deertz chuckles. The other officers join in.
28) 103) dialog: May 7. gogo What?
28) 104) dialog: She was born May 7, not the first. Jojo takes the papers and reads. The DOB read
28) 106) dialog: They’1l be back. They’1l find out she’s dead. Then I’1l be dead. (CONTINUED)
28) 109) dialog: Jew and Nazi are not friends. This hits Jojo. Elsa buries her head into her hands and begins to cry. She goes into her hideout. Jojo leaves. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER Jojo sits at the kitchen table twiddling his thumbs while Adolf, wearing oven gloves, stirs a pot on the stove.
30) 0) text: As the sun sets Jojo remains in the park, sitting beneath bodies. Quiet. still. 7. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - ELSA’S HIDEOUT - NIGHT Elsa sits in Inga’s room, reading by candlelight. Jojo en the room. Elsa looks down to see he’s holding his DJ knif tears streaming down his face. He walks up to Elsa and stabs her just below the collarbo He's too weak to drive it all the way in but she does lit to stop him. Slowly she raises her hand, places it over his and pulls the bloody blade. Blood seeps down her chest. She nods at him. Jojo struggles against her until he collapses to the floor. He lies on his back. Elsa kneels next to him. They look at each other. EXT. JOJO’S HOUSE - ROOFTOP - NIGHT Jojo and Elsa sit on the ROOF while distant bombing light the horizon. gogo Did you know?
30) 1) dialog: She didn’t tell me much, only that she worked with friends and that your father was somehow involved from afar. gogo No, he’s fighting in the war.
30) 2) dialog: She said he’ll return as soon as the war is over. She didn’t want to tell you anything for obvious reasons. gogo (nodding, tearing up) Because I’m a Nazi. Because she hated me. I’m the enemy.
30) 3) dialog: She didn’t want you to know anything that could get you in trouble. She wanted to protect you - more than anything, more than me. You were the most important thing to her. gogo But they found out what she was doing in the end. They got her. (CONTINUED)
30) 6) dialog: I'm sorry. She died trying to save lives. That is the greatest honor any person can achieve. gogo But now I have nothing. No one. Elsa puts an arm around his shoulder. More bombs.
30) 7) dialog: The last time I saw my parents was at the station. They were put on a train. I ran. Slowly found my way back to the city. A friend of my father’s hid me. Then another friend, then friends of friends... till your mother took me in. (then) So far I am still here. But my parents went to a place you don’t come back from. Jogo What is the first thing you'll do when you're free?
30) 8) dialog: Dance. MUSIC CUE: ‘EVERYBODY'S GOTTA LIVE’ BY LOVE
30) 9) dialog: = Jojo walks past a group of women and other locals as th clear rubble and debris from their houses. - Jojo barters with a local PEASANT for some OLD VEGETABL - Elsa draws pictures of her surroundings; the view, the objects in the room, Jojo. - Jojo reads Elsa a “Nathan letter”. - Various shots of the kids living together. Dinners. Reading. Talking. Being. = Jojo is out in the snow collecting sticks. He sees a RABBIT. = Jojo is eating a water soup while Adolf eats a roast UNICORN HEAD. (CONTINUED)
38) 7) dialog: What's going on out there? Jogo Out where?
38) 8) dialog: Outside, dummy. (beat) Jojo, what’s going on? Is it safe to come out? Jojo thinks for a moment. Conflicted, he makes his decisi
38) 10) dialog: Who won? (silence) Jojo. Who won the war? She shuffles nervously. gogo Germany. (beat) Germany won the war. Elsa looks around at her prison.
38) 11) dialog: I thought I could leave. Jojo stands in the room. Alone. He moves to the dresser and looks at a family photo, then the picture of his sister. His book - Yoohoo Jew - lies on the dresser nearby. He op it and starts leafing through the pages, taking in everyt he and Elsa discussed and worked on together. He stops at a picture of he and his mother riding their bicycles. He turns the page and sees another picture, this time it’ a RABBIT IN A CAGE. Outside the cage is a little boy. Jojo takes a moment, then rips out a blank piece of paper (CONTINUED)
38) 14) text: He sits next to the door to Elsa’s hideout. He knocks. Beat. gogo Hi. I have another letter. (beat) Dear Elsa, I know it’s hard for you at the moment. I know you feel like giving up. But you have to carry on. Your friend Jojo and I have devised a plan to help you escape. So please listen to him. He will help you get out of there. Then you can come to Paris and live with me and we can eat snails and frogs and other disgusting things that humans aren’t supposed to eat. (beat) And don’t worry about Jojo, he’ll be ok when you leave. (beat) See you in Paris. (then) Nathan. Elsa’s door opens.
38) 15) dialog: He's dead. Jogo What?
38) 16) dialog: Nathan. He died last year. Tuberculosis. Jojo holds up his fake letter. She smiles. gogo Oh, that’s weird. But then who wrote this?
38) 17) dialog: Thank you, Jojo. You've been so good to me. gogo Elsa, me and fake Nathan have found a way for you to escape Nazi Germany. (CONTINUED)
38) 20) dialog: How do I know I can trust you? gogo Well, the thing is... I love you. I know you think of me as a younger brother and you're too old anyway but-— (beat) Man, it’s hot in here.
38) 21) dialog: I love you too, Jojo. gogo As a younger brother.
38) 22) dialog: As a younger brother. gogo Well then, maybe you could trust a younger brother? She smiles. Maybe.
38) 48) dialog: Yeah. Jojo unlocks the door.
38) 49) dialog: Jojo. Is it dangerous out there? Jojo winks a PERFECT WINK. Jogo Extremely. He opens the door. Light fills the entrance to the house. They step outside. EXT. JOJO’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Jojo and Elsa stand on the front steps of the house. Elsa looks at Jojo and then back out to the street. A car full of celebrating soldiers drives past - an Ameri flag sticking out the back. They take in the view and Jojo does a small fist pump. gogo Yes... we made it. Elsa turns to Jojo and stares at him. She slaps Jojo.