2) 0) text: Jojo and Yorki sit with a large group of other young kids all dressed in Hitler Youth uniforms, in a sprawling fiel CAPTAIN KLENZENDORF, weathered, disillusioned, addresses crowd of kids. He has a DEAD-EYE and is accompanied by th awkwardly enthusiastic SUB-OFFICER FINKEL, and a brutish female instructor, FRAULEIN RAHM.
2) 2) dialog: Heil Hitler!
2) 14) dialog: Move, move, move! More screaming from the kids.
3) 2) dialog: Fantastisch! Excellent work children. You also forgot that the Jew is the offspring of Satan and sucks the blood of Christian children for their mitzvah. Gasps from the children. Finkel nods - I'm afraid so. FRAULEIN RAHM (CONT’D) It has been scientifically proven that we Aryans are 1000 times more advanced and civilised than any other race. Gasps and applause from the children. Fraulein Rahm smile FRAULEIN RAHM (CONT’D) Now, get your things together kids, it’s time to burn some books!
3) 7) text: He throws them into the fire, Yorki follows suit. The boo land among other burning authors, FREUD, MANN, PROUST HEMINGWAY, REMARQUE. The children skip and dance round the bonfire, throwing b into the inferno while Fraulein Rahm cackles maniacally.
9) 0) text: Now we're in an ambulance. Fraulein Rahm leans in, her face contorts in disgust.
9) 1) dialog: Oh God, he looks like a Picasso painting. (beat) Cubist period.
14) 0) text: A giant room. Nazi Propaganda adorns the office and large SWASTIKA BANNERS hang on the walls. The woman from the HJ Camp, FRAULEIN RAHM, sits at a desk, staring intensely at large framed photo of HITLER on the wall. A couple of TEENAGE YOUTH OFFICERS loiter about practicin stabbing things with their DJ Knives while some BDM GIRLS operate a PRINTING PRESS which spits out pages of PROPAGA FINKEL is off to the side listening to music through HEADPHONES and dancing like Ian Curtis from Joy Division,
14) 3) dialog: Jesus. Captain Klenzendorf emerges from his office.
14) 17) dialog: Well, we need someone to walk the clones. They haven't been outside in weeks and some of them are malfunctioning. REVEAL: In the corner of the room we see about a DOZEN 8 OLD CLONES, doing various chores, typing, sweeping, paint playing chess. Some are just standing there dribbling FRAULEIN RAHM (CONT’D) Also, you could hand out some of this propaganda and deliver these conscriptions. (CONTINUED)
14) 22) dialog: Just deliver the stuff , kid.
18) 0) text: oso Owwww! Lying on a mattress, Jojo yells in pain as FRAULEIN RAHM stretches his LEG.
18) 1) dialog: Good, stretch, you must stretch. That's it. Pain is your friend. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
18) 4) dialog: Soon your leg will be only a little bit deformed and pointless. I’m going to recommend another month off school because your face might scare the other kids. She walks away, Jojo remains lying down on his back.
19) 8) dialog: It can. It happened to my uncle. This Jew hypnotised him into drunk fishing and he drowned. (to Jojo, suddenly probing) Did you see one? A Jew? gogo Nope. I’m not sure I'd be able to tell if I did.
25) 7) dialog: My friend once met some Russians and they ate him. gogo I’m really learning a lot about Jews. Did you know they can read each others minds? And when they sleep, they hang from the ceiling like bats.
25) 14) dialog: What about “Jews News”?
33) 0) text: The fighting is more intense and we see more KIDS and OLD PEOPLE, dressed in stupid paper uniforms, huddled in corn trying to figure out what to do. Some are crying. The boys round a corner and find Fraulein Rahm preparing battle. She’s sticking a GRENADE into the back pocket of CLONE.
33) 1) dialog: Ok, little clone! Go find a Russian or an American and give them a big hug! She pulls the PIN on the grenade and sends the kid out in the battle.
33) 3) dialog: Yorki! Here, you've been promoted. Take a gun and go kill anyone who looks different to us! Go! Go! Go! She shoves Yorki out into battle. (CONTINUED)
33) 6) dialog: The Russians are over there! The Americans are that way! We must kill everything we see! For HITLER!
34) 0) text: Jojo walks through the ruins of his town. He sees a soldi playing A PIANO in a bombed out house. German POWs are being led away at gunpoint by AMERICAN SOLDIERS. Just then Jojo hears a whimper and looks down to see a du hand reaching out from some rubble. Jojo lifts an old door up and finds Fraulein Rahm. She's dying.
34) 1) dialog: Oh, Heil Hitler, Jojo. Can you lift this building up so I can get out? She does indeed have a building on top of her. FRAULEIN RAHM (CONT’D) fell Hitler 1/11 be waiting for him in Heaven where everyone is perfect. She dies.