0) 1) text: JOHANNES BETZLER, (JOJO), a cute 10 year-old boy. The room is covered with NAZI POSTERS and other PARAPHERNALIA, including pictures of ADOLF HITLER. You guessed it, he’s a little Nazi. Jojo stares into a full-length mirror and takes a deep breath. gogo Jojo Betzler. Ten years old. And today you join the ranks of the Jungvolk in a very special training weekend. It’s going to be intense. But today you become a man. (deep breath, nervous) I swear to devote all my energies and my strength to the savior of our country, Adolf Hitler. I am willing and ready to give up my life for him, so help me God. A STRANGE FIGURE passes behind him, an ADULT, dressed in NAZI UNIFORM. It feels ghostly and fantastical. We'll fin out who this guy is very soon.
0) 8) dialog: A German soul.
0) 11) text: Jojo smiles. Feeling better.
0) 26) dialog: 
1) 0) text: Jojo skips happily down the street, Heil Hitlering variou locals he passes by. He meets his best friend, YORKI, 10 chubby, gawky, clumsy, who waits for him in a doorway. Jogo Heil Hitler, Yorki!
2) 0) text: Jojo and Yorki sit with a large group of other young kids all dressed in Hitler Youth uniforms, in a sprawling fiel CAPTAIN KLENZENDORF, weathered, disillusioned, addresses crowd of kids. He has a DEAD-EYE and is accompanied by th awkwardly enthusiastic SUB-OFFICER FINKEL, and a brutish female instructor, FRAULEIN RAHM.
2) 8) text: Beat. He picks up a rifle and quickly fires a shot, hitti target 100 yards away. The kids applaud. KLENZENDORF (CONT’D) Over the next two days you little critters will get to experience some of the things that the mighty German Army goes through every day. And even though it would appear our country’s on the back foot and that there really isn’t much hope us of winning this war, apparently we're doing just fine. (takes a breath, composes himself, he’s sad) Anyway. You boys have all been issued with your Deutsches Jungvolk Daggers. Jojo and Yorki inspect and admire their nice new DEUTSCHE JUNGVOLK (DJ) KNIVES. KLENZENDORF (CONT’D) These are very special and expensive weapons, you should never be without them. And don’t try to stab each other.
2) 16) text: None of the knives stick, instead they fly off at dangero angles, one ricochets, lodging itself in another kid’s th - GUN RANGE. Jojo and some other kids aim their KARABINER RIFLES at a target in the distance. Jojo fires and, jumpi from the loudness of the shot, drops the rifle. - WAR GAME. The boys are separated into 2 groups, one sid wearing RED SASHES and the other GREEN. They chase each o round a clearing, pushing each other over and taking prisoners etc. Jojo and Yorki are taken prisoner instantl An older lad, CHRISTOPH, looks at them with disappointmen
3) 0) text: Jojo sits in a group of boys and girls. One by one, somet overlapping, the children call out.
3) 4) text: A LARGE BONFIRE burns. The children hold stacks of books. Jojo opens his bag and pulls out a small pile.
5) 0) text: Jojo and Yorki lie awake in sleeping bags, inspecting the new DJ KNIVES. gogo Imagine being in a battle, you've just run out of ammo, all you have is your DJ Knife. I would take down 20 of them before they got me. And I’d be laughing when they did.
6) 0) text: Jojo sits with a bunch of other kids. Two team leaders, CHRISTOPH and HANS, (21) smoke cigarettes and hold court. Christoph kisses a girl before turning to the kids.
6) 11) text: gogo I’m not scared. I'm just allergic to fur and I don’t want itchy hands all weekend. Hans shoves the rabbit into Jojo's hands.
7) 0) text: Jojo sits alone on a log, sobbing to himself. He looks up see a little BUTTERFLY flitting around by his feet... and then a voice comes from behind.
10) 0) text: Jojo's stretcher is being wheeled down a corridor. 16.
12) 0) text: = A woman’s face comes in to focus. This is Jojo’s mother ROSIE BETZLER. As she reaches the bed, she stops, puts he hand over her mouth. Her eyes well with tears.
12) 16) text: Jojo smiles and prepares himself, playing along. (CONTINUED)
13) 0) text: Jojo and Rosie enter the HITLER YOUTH OFFICE.
14) 23) dialog: Jawohl! He turns on his heels and is OUT.
15) 0) text: Jojo pins up some posters of HITLER in a stoic pose, look off into the distance. Below him is the propaganda slogan
16) 0) text: Jojo pastes more propaganda and public announcements arou town, A truck drives past and we see one of the forest bullies, HANS, on the back with a bunch of other young soldiers.
16) 2) dialog: Mama, Field Marshall Jojo is home. Suddenly, a noise from upstairs. A small THUD. Jojo looks JOJO (CONT’D) Mama Lion? 23. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - INGA’S BEDROOM - LATER Jojo slowly makes his way down the upstairs hall, looking rooms. He moves towards his sister’s room. He takes a mom before stepping into the room and wandering around. He lo at a photo of INGA, smiles and puts it back. Then... Jojo notices something on the other side of the room. On ground sits a picture in a frame. He picks it up and then Sees: A THIN CUT IN THE WALLPAPER in the shape of a door. Jojo takes his trusty DJ KNIFE and pries the door OPEN. A Jojo's eyes adjust he begins making out objects. At first it’s only BOOKS. Jogo The bad books. It’s not allowed. Then he sees a candle, bedding, a plate, a fork, AND... .+.a SKINNY, PALE CREATURE hunched in the corner, its fac partially hidden beneath her hair, dark eyes staring back Screaming with fright, Jojo drops his knife and stumbles out into the room. Frozen in fear, Jojo stares into the darkness beyond the secret door. Slowly, a pale hand wraps around the corner, then a skinny GIRL emerges. This is ELSA KORR (17)
16) 25) dialog: Ok well, I’1l just say what I have to say and that’s this: I’m not scared of you and I think you should find somewhere else to live. Adolf taps his watch. Jojo nods. JOJO (CONT’D) ok? From behind, in his ear, where Adolf was just standing
16) 42) text: Jojo's eyes He jumps o out on Joj INT. Jogo’ Jojo sits 29. (2)
17) 0) text: UNDERWATER: Jojo swimming down through the water. He pass Adolf who waves as he goes by. Jojo emerges at the surface where we see other WOUNDED ME amputees, burn victims, etc. Adolf emerges from the pool and paddles around the wounde soldiers, doing a very bad job of hiding his disgust. Jojo looks over to see his mother talking to Klenzendorf the side of the pool.
18) 0) text: oso Owwww! Lying on a mattress, Jojo yells in pain as FRAULEIN RAHM stretches his LEG.
19) 0) text: Jojo limps over to Klenzendorf and Finkel. gogo Hi Captain K.
19) 26) dialog: My blood is the colour of a pure red rose and my eyes are blue like sapphires- Suddenly, Elsa has Jojo in a headlock, twisting his weak behind him. He winces in pain. JOJO (CONT’D) Ow ow ow ow ow ow... She covers his mouth, suffocating him.
19) 27) dialog: (muffled, quiet) Mmmph!
19) 41) text: INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT As MUSIC plays on a record player, Jojo and Rosie sit at table, not speaking. Both of them eyeball each other suspiciously. It’s definitely awkward and as we pull out WIDE SHOT, we see Adolf has been sitting at the table thi whole time. He makes a gesture to Jojo that he should probably leave them to it. As he exits he winks at Jojo. Rosie winks at Jojo too. gogo Why are you so happy?
19) 58) text: Jojo sits back, shocked at the outburst. Rosie walks away stands in the corner. After a few beats... ROSIE (CONT’D) Paul, what happened? Her back still to us, Rosie begins a conversation between herself and her husband.
19) 69) text: Jojo laughs and gives in. He goes and dances with his mot Rosie holds her son close, squeezing him tightly, kissing him, not letting go. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - INGA’S BEDROOM - MORNING A PEN skids across the floor. Elsa stops it and picks it gogo So, I'd like you to draw a picture of where Jews live. A typical hive; where you all sleep, eat, and where the Queen Jew lays the eggs. (CONTINUED)
20) 0) text: Jojo walks down an aisle of the local library. He scans t scant shelves and finds what he was looking for; RILKE: P AND ESSAYS. He pulls it out and secretly stuffs it into h jacket. He turns around and sees Hitler stuffing his own Jacket with about 20 books. They spill out onto the floor
20) 6) dialog: Beethoven.
21) 0) text: Jojo and Rosie lie around on the banks of the river.
21) 2) dialog: There’s no time for romance, we're at war.
22) 0) text: His shoelaces now properly tied, Jojo and his mother walk along the banks of the river. She walks next to Jojo but an elevated retaining wall so her feet are next to his he
23) 0) text: Jojo and Rosie ride through the countryside. A truck of wounded and battle weary soldiers pass by, the young faces sunken and devoid of hope. Rosie waves.
23) 19) dialog: Hmm yes, ugly things. He pauses, catches a glimpse of himself in a mirror on th other side of the room. We see his scarred face. He regis his “ugliness” and goes back to writing. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - JOJO’S BEDROOM - LATER Jojo enters his room with a pep in his step. He sees Adol sitting in his bed.
23) 29) text: Jojo stares at him with admiration. Jogo I won't let my brain be bossed around by her, mein Fihrer.
23) 31) text: Jojo nods. 58. (2)
24) 0) text: Jojo walks through town towards the Hitler Youth office.
25) 0) text: Jojo walks in to see FIVE MEN dressed in GERMAN MOUNTAIN - Lederhosen etc. One or two are holding CROOKS. Klenzend is at his desk, explaining something to Finkel.
25) 19) dialog: What jobs do you have for me today? (CONTINUED)
26) 0) text: SFX: DOOR KNOCKING. A door opens, revealing an OLD WOMAN. REVERSE ANGLE reveals a strange ROBOT CHARACTER made from cardboard and silver paint, standing before her Written in paint along its front we see: HELFT UNS DEUTSCHLAND! (Help us Germany!) WIR BRAUCHEN METALL! (We need Metal!) A little door opens on the robot and we see Jojo's face within. gogo Good morning Frau. Our brave troops and wonderful Fiihrer need your help. I am collecting much needed metal for the war effort which will provide our troops with bullets and airplanes. And guns, tanks, ships, U-boats, bombs. And Iron Crosses.
27) 0) text: Jojo wanders past torn propaganda posters of Hitler. In h barrow are various items; a piece of RUSTED STEEL, a LEAD PIPE, a few NUTS & BOLTS. Jojo chants as he moves through town. Jogo Metal for Hitler! Nuts and bolts! Pots and pans! (CONTINUED)
27) 3) dialog: Free Germany. Fight the party.
28) 0) text: Jojo unloads his barrow of metal into a large pile of oth donated things.
28) 2) dialog: You're a soldier now?
28) 9) dialog: . I caught a Jew. A real one.
28) 29) dialog: (whispering) She's home. You better hide (calling out) Lost your key, Mama?
28) 89) text: Jojo gulps. Deertz spies Jojo’s BOOK sitting on the dress He opens the book and starts flicking through the pages. atmosphere is palpable. Slowly Deertz begins to smile, an then... he giggles. DEERTZ (CONT’D) (stifling laughter) Oh my... Oh my! Tell me, who did this? Was it you, Inga? (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: Jojo wheels his barrow down an alley which opens up into town square. He rests a moment and sees a BUTTERFLY movin past him along a row of flowers. Jojo smiles at this, takes interest and follows the butterfly, crouching low to the ground, he follows the butterfly deeper into the square. Low to the ground, he admires the butterfly which has now come to a stop upon another flower. The butterfly flutters away. Jojo notices the light on th ground is disturbed by shadows moving back and forth. He stands. Right in front of him are a pair of shoes, dangling. He i the middle of bodies hanging from the GALLOWS. He backs a from the body and into another pair of feet. We recognize these shoes. They are his mother’s He stumbles back, shaking, tears welling. After a moment he moves back towards his mother. He tries reach her hand. It is too high. He looks back down toward her shoes and notices her lace is untied. He tries to tie them but can’t.
30) 0) text: As the sun sets Jojo remains in the park, sitting beneath bodies. Quiet. still. 7. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - ELSA’S HIDEOUT - NIGHT Elsa sits in Inga’s room, reading by candlelight. Jojo en the room. Elsa looks down to see he’s holding his DJ knif tears streaming down his face. He walks up to Elsa and stabs her just below the collarbo He's too weak to drive it all the way in but she does lit to stop him. Slowly she raises her hand, places it over his and pulls the bloody blade. Blood seeps down her chest. She nods at him. Jojo struggles against her until he collapses to the floor. He lies on his back. Elsa kneels next to him. They look at each other. EXT. JOJO’S HOUSE - ROOFTOP - NIGHT Jojo and Elsa sit on the ROOF while distant bombing light the horizon. gogo Did you know?
30) 9) dialog: = Jojo walks past a group of women and other locals as th clear rubble and debris from their houses. - Jojo barters with a local PEASANT for some OLD VEGETABL - Elsa draws pictures of her surroundings; the view, the objects in the room, Jojo. - Jojo reads Elsa a “Nathan letter”. - Various shots of the kids living together. Dinners. Reading. Talking. Being. = Jojo is out in the snow collecting sticks. He sees a RABBIT. = Jojo is eating a water soup while Adolf eats a roast UNICORN HEAD. (CONTINUED)
31) 0) text: Jojo heads down a street and finds a group of civilian lo being given weapons and instructions on how to use them. There are a couple of women and young boys among them, al looking very out of their element and bewildered. We hear an explosion a few blocks away. Civilians run the opposite way towards safety. Jojo moves towards the chaos He rounds a corner and sees Yorki, his uniform in tatters running on the other side of the street with another kid. They're carrying a ROCKET LAUNCHER. Jogo Yorki! Yorki sees Jojo, waves, trips and falls. The Rocket Launc hits the ground and fires -— sending a missile across the where it blows up a shop. GLASS and DEBRIS shower the str
33) 7) text: She grabs a massive MACHINE GUN and runs out into the fra FRAULEIN RABM (CONT’D) Die, DEVIL SCUM!!! Suddenly there’s a huge explosion and the street is engul in smoke and dust - Jojo and Yorki are separated.
33) 9) text: But Yorki has disappeared. More shots and yelling. Dazed and disoriented, Jojo makes his way through the haz smoke and debris, passing the last defenders of the town women, children, the elderly - all desperately trying to off a much stronger enemy, and failing. KLENZENDORF runs past. We see that he is wearing his unif but it has been altered according to his earlier drawing. has SPARKLY SEQUINS on the collar, TASSELS down the sleev FINKEL is with him, dressed in a similar outfit. There is electric energy between them. Klenzendorf sees Jojo, give triumphant smile, and runs off. Jojo follow suit and finds shelter behind a wall. He watc as German soldiers retreat from the enemy. Some are gunne down, others hide behind vehicles and continue to engage. There are fires burning throughout and the scene echoes t crazed frenzy of the book burning bonfire from earlier. O this time everyone is confused, freaked out and crying. Jojo ducks into a doorway and hides in a hole. FADE OUT. 83.
34) 0) text: Jojo walks through the ruins of his town. He sees a soldi playing A PIANO in a bombed out house. German POWs are being led away at gunpoint by AMERICAN SOLDIERS. Just then Jojo hears a whimper and looks down to see a du hand reaching out from some rubble. Jojo lifts an old door up and finds Fraulein Rahm. She's dying.
35) 0) text: Music blares, it’s an anthem of some sort. Jojo stares wi eyed as AMERICAN TROOPS officially enter the city in a convoy. Some people are waving, happy. Others are crying. Officer Deertz is also there, along with and a couple of Gestapo agents being taken away. A WOMAN holding her child waves at the passing ALLIED CON
36) 0) text: Jojo walks down a small street. We see more discarded pho of Hitler and burned Nazi banners.
38) 14) text: He sits next to the door to Elsa’s hideout. He knocks. Beat. gogo Hi. I have another letter. (beat) Dear Elsa, I know it’s hard for you at the moment. I know you feel like giving up. But you have to carry on. Your friend Jojo and I have devised a plan to help you escape. So please listen to him. He will help you get out of there. Then you can come to Paris and live with me and we can eat snails and frogs and other disgusting things that humans aren’t supposed to eat. (beat) And don’t worry about Jojo, he’ll be ok when you leave. (beat) See you in Paris. (then) Nathan. Elsa’s door opens.
38) 23) dialog: Okay. Get your things together. We're leaving. INT. JOJO HOUSE - JOJO’S ROOM - DAY Jojo puts on his jacket and looks at himself in the mirro different boy than we met at the beginning of the movie
38) 24) dialog: Jojo Betzler. 10 and a half years old. Today... just do what you can
38) 47) dialog: (smiling) You ready?
38) 50) dialog: (nodding) Yep. Probably deserved that. (then) So what do we do now? Elsa shrugs and stands there. And then, ever so subtly, a very slowly, she begins to sway... rhythmically. (CONTINUED)