12) 0) text: = A woman’s face comes in to focus. This is Jojo’s mother ROSIE BETZLER. As she reaches the bed, she stops, puts he hand over her mouth. Her eyes well with tears.
12) 1) dialog: Jojo... my darling cub. = Jojo’s hand raises into shot, reaching out to her. The floods with tears, de-focuses, and fades. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - BEDROOM ~ MORNING A NEW JOJO stands before us in front of the mirror. He ha scars on one side of his face, his RIGHT ARM appears stif and he now has a limp.
12) 2) dialog: Hey kid. In the mirror Jojo sees his mother standing at the door, smiling. She hugs him tightly, making growling noises.
12) 3) dialog: My darling little cub. gogo Why so happy? Your son is ugly like a monster.
12) 4) dialog: You're no monster. You're still my beautiful Jojo. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
12) 6) dialog: Besides the doctors are confident those scars will heal and you'll get most of the movement back in your leg. But I’m just happy to have you back home. Jogo I'll never be in Hitler’s SS Guard now.
12) 7) dialog: You're fine as you are. gogo I need to be better.
12) 8) dialog: You need to be you. Mama Lion worries about her cub, that’s all. Especially when papa Lion isn’t here. oso Or Inga.
12) 9) dialog: Or Inga. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - LOUNGE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER Jojo tries to tie his bootlaces but has trouble with only good hand. Rosie kneels down and helps him.
12) 10) dialog: A few more months and you'll get it. You grab the rabbit by the tail, wrap it around his ear, tie it all up and then stuff him back (on) down the hole. (then) Now, we better get on our way. Getting out of the house will do wonders for your recuperation. Rosie helps Jojo into his jacket. He catches another glim of himself in a mirror. gogo I don’t want to go out there.
12) 11) dialog: Don’t be silly, of course you do: gogo I look stupid. People will stare. (CONTINUED)
12) 14) dialog: Let them! Enjoy the attention, kid. Not everyone is lucky enough to look stupid. What I wouldn’t give. She looks in the mirror. ROSIE (CONT’D) Instead I am cursed to look incredibly... attractive... Entranced, she moves in, almost kissing her reflection. ROSIE (CONT’D) Now, you're going to pluck up your courage, walk out that door and have a fantastic adventure. Okay? gogo (nodding, unsure) Okay. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - MOMENTS LATER Rosie parts the blinds on the front door and peeks outsid
12) 15) dialog: Field Marshall Jojo, looks like the coast is clear. Now... Looking over her shoulder, she produces a large, plain biscuit. It’s all covert and over the top, but fun for Jo ROSIE (CONT’D) -many good men died to bring you this. It’s a special potato-flour biscuit for emergencies. Emergencies dammit! Not only is it a biscuit, but it also doubles as an eye-patch in case you are invited to a pirate party. It could pass for a shield, an earring, a spare wheel, and even a believable discus should you find yourself participating in a biscuit Olympiad. And in a pinch it also acts as a type of food to sustain you until dinner. (then, peeking out the door once more) Field Marshall Jojo, you're our top man. Prepare to leave the house...
12) 19) dialog: Extremely
13) 0) text: Jojo and Rosie enter the HITLER YOUTH OFFICE.
14) 1) dialog: 
14) 5) dialog: Ok, that’s that. Because of you, my kid has lost the feeling in his arm and can’t walk properly and has a messed up face. (CONTINUED)
14) 9) dialog: Yeah yeah. Now you're going to take care of him while I go to work. You'll give him a job and make sure he feels included. Got it?
14) 11) dialog: Good.
14) 13) dialog: You sure did.
14) 15) dialog: It does.
14) 20) dialog: (shaking her head throughout ) Great idea! I give you full permission to send this ten year old child off to war Someone give this guy a gun! gogo Actually mother I’m feeling quite fit and would be more than happy to fight at the front.
15) 4) dialog: Look. gogo What did they do?
15) 5) dialog: (shrugs ) What they could. (beat) Come on. They leave.
16) 49) dialog: Darling cub, why are you still up? Did you eat? (beat) I was just taking a long walk and having a think. Sorry, I lost track of time. (CONTINUED)
16) 52) dialog: (crouching to tie them) Oh, your laces, you really must learn-— JOsO I heard her.
16) 53) dialog: What? who? Jogo (pointing upstairs) Inga. Her ghost. Rosie walks out and into the kitchen.
16) 54) dialog: (laughing) For Heaven’s sake what are you talking about? He follows her. Rosie takes some bread from the cupboard starts opening draws. gogo I heard noises upstairs.
16) 55) dialog: Oh come on, ghosts?? We have rats in the attic and yes I’ve heard them too. Actually I’ve been meaning to say, you probably shouldn’t go up there till I've caught them all, they have germs and I don’t need you getting sick. Okay? gogo Okay mama. I’1l watch out for those dirty rats. Rosie slams the drawer shut.
16) 56) dialog: Where are all our god damn knives?! INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT Jojo stands at the door to the bathroom as his mother lay the tub. (CONTINUED)
16) 60) dialog: Like the sun misses the moon. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - ROSIE'S ROOM - NIGHT Jojo watches as his mother fixes her hair in the mirror. They're wearing matching pyjamas. gogo And do you miss Inga?
16) 61) dialog: Like the moon misses the sun. Jogo And do you love anyone else?
16) 62) dialog: Apart from you and Papa and Inga? MYSELF obviously. Pff. (beat) Now, I left my favourite scarf in a dream, could you be a darling and go get it for me? gogo Huh?
16) 63) dialog: Bedtime! INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - JOJO’S ROOM - NIGHT Rosie tucks Jojo into bed. gogo Are you going to bed too?
16) 64) dialog: Soon. I need to tidy some things first. gogo What things?
16) 65) dialog: Mama things. Boy, you really have to trust me, I’m the boss here. Ok? (CONTINUED)
16) 68) dialog: Good boy. She WINKS. Jojo tries a return wink but can’t. ROSIE (CONT’D) Like this. She demonstrates and winks again, Jojo attempts a return but isn’t getting it.
16) 69) dialog: Yeah, but with just one eye. You can do it. They continue this hopeless exchange a few more times. Sh eventually keeps one of his eyes open with her finger and “winks” his other eye for him.
16) 70) dialog: There you go! You got it! She kisses him good-night and turns out the light. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - INGA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT A match is struck and a candle lit. As our eyes adjust to flickering light we can make out Elsa sitting in the darkness. We then follow the match to find Rosie. She produces bread, some pickle and a slice of cheese. Elsa begins gobbling it down.
16) 71) dialog: You have to be more quiet. He heard noises up here. He can’t know. If he does it’s the end of you. If I have to choose between you and my son... (beat) I won't know where to send you. You hear me? He must not know because if he knows, then they know.
16) 75) dialog: You don’t know him. He’s a fanatic. It took him three weeks to get over the fact his grandfather wasn’t blonde.
16) 77) dialog: To get him out of the house and give you space. (beat) You think I don’t hate it? It’s a hard thing to be a mother. But even harder is to be the mother of one of them. How do you love a son like this, a kid who believes the things he does? (beat) In the end, you have no choice. I know he’s still in there somewhere, the little boy who loves to play and runs to you because he’s scared of thunder. And that’s all you have left, belief — hope that your only remaining child is not just another ghost.
16) 79) dialog: Perhaps. You've lived more lifetimes than most.
16) 81) dialog: The final escape. But that’s the easy way out. You're being challenged; they say you can’t live, that you won't live. If that comes true then they win
16) 85) dialog: They'll never win. That is the power you have - as long as there is someone alive somewhere then they lose. They didn’t get you yesterday, or today. Make tomorrow the same. She strokes Elsa's shoulder. ROSIE (CONT’D) Tomorrow must be the same. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - JOJO’S ROOM - NIGHT Jojo sits upright in bed, wide awake. He hears a door clo upstairs. gogo Bad Mama. Jojo punches his pillow and angrily dives back onto his b cur TO:
18) 5) dialog: Jojo baby, I have to go. His mother’s OXFORDS enter frame, next to his head. They click-clack on the tiles in front of him and he watches a her shoes spin next to his head
18) 6) dialog: I'll see you at home. I’1l see you at home. He nods. Rosie kisses his head, and leaves.
19) 33) dialog: Hallo, I'm home! Adolf scurries around the room in a panic, looking for somewhere to hide. Finding nothing, he hugs the wall. gogo (whispering) She can’t see you.
19) 41) text: INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT As MUSIC plays on a record player, Jojo and Rosie sit at table, not speaking. Both of them eyeball each other suspiciously. It’s definitely awkward and as we pull out WIDE SHOT, we see Adolf has been sitting at the table thi whole time. He makes a gesture to Jojo that he should probably leave them to it. As he exits he winks at Jojo. Rosie winks at Jojo too. gogo Why are you so happy?
19) 42) dialog: Things are changing. The Allies have taken Italy. France will be next and the war will soon be over. gogo God Dammit. Why does that make you happy? You hate your country that much?
19) 43) dialog: I love my country. It’s war I hate. It’s pointless and stupid and the sooner we have peace the better. gogo The war will end but it will be the Reich who stands tall and proud. We will crush our enemies into dust, and when they are destroyed we shall use their graves as toile
19) 44) dialog: Hey! No more politics ok? Dinner is neutral ground. This table is Switzerland. Let's eat. Jojo watches Rosie. She barely touches her food. Jogo You aren't eating? (CONTINUED)
19) 47) dialog: Not that hungry. I might have some later. For now, I’m just going to chew on these grapes. Jogo Well I’m especially hungry tonight. So maybe I‘1l just finish yours. Silence. Glaring at her son, Rosie angrily eats her food.
19) 48) dialog: How was your day, Johannes? gogo Oh you know, just wandered around being a deformed kid with nothing to live for.
19) 49) dialog: You're not deformed. Jogo My face looks like a street map, woman.
19) 50) dialog: That's not my fault, you did that to yourself. gogo I wouldn't expect you to understand. If my father were here, he’d get it
19) 51) dialog: Well. He's. Not. Jogo I. Know. And instead I’m stuck with you.
19) 52) text: Rosie takes a breath, then swigs deeply from a wine bottl
19) 53) dialog: You want your dad? Hmm? gogo Yeah, I do.
19) 54) dialog: Yeah? gogo Yeah! (CONTINUED )
19) 57) dialog: ok fine! She storms out of the room. A second later she returns wearing her husband’s military jacket. She walks to the fireplace and scoops up some ash and rub across her face to make a “beard”. Putting on a deep voic she slams her fist down and yells in Jojo's face. ROSIE (CONT’D) (Dad voice) Don’t ever talk to your goddamned mother like tha
19) 58) text: Jojo sits back, shocked at the outburst. Rosie walks away stands in the corner. After a few beats... ROSIE (CONT’D) Paul, what happened? Her back still to us, Rosie begins a conversation between herself and her husband.
19) 59) dialog: (Dad) I yelled at the kid. (Rosie) You should apologize. (Dad, to Jojo) Sorry kid. (Rosie) You call that an apology? Do it properly. He misses you. Talk to him. Rosie-Dad approaches the table and crouches before Jojo.
19) 60) dialog: (Dad, to Jojo) Jojo, I know you miss me but I’m out there trying to make a difference in the world. And while I’m gone I need you to take care of my Rosie for me. Can you do that? Jojo nods.
19) 61) dialog: (Dad) can ya? gogo Yes. (CONTINUED)
19) 64) dialog: (Dad) Thanks. She's doing what she can.
19) 66) dialog: (Daa) We've got a good kid there, Rosie. I love him to bits. Jogo I love you too, dad.
19) 67) dialog: (Dad) Almost as much as I love this stuff! She grabs a bottle of wine from the table and takes a big swig from it. ROSIE (CONT’D) (Dad) Boy does that taste good. Reminds me of dancing with my Rosie at The Red Salon Remember, honey? (Rosie) I do, babe. She stumbles across to the RECORD PLAYER, turns up the mu and starts dancing like a loon in the lounge.
19) 68) dialog: (Dad voice) Hey kid, don’t just sit there. Come dance with your parent:
19) 69) text: Jojo laughs and gives in. He goes and dances with his mot Rosie holds her son close, squeezing him tightly, kissing him, not letting go. INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - INGA’S BEDROOM - MORNING A PEN skids across the floor. Elsa stops it and picks it gogo So, I'd like you to draw a picture of where Jews live. A typical hive; where you all sleep, eat, and where the Queen Jew lays the eggs. (CONTINUED)
21) 0) text: Jojo and Rosie lie around on the banks of the river.
21) 1) dialog: These banks used to be full of lovers. There'd be singing, dancing, romance
21) 3) dialog: There’s always time for romance, babe One day you’ll meet someone special. gogo Why does everyone keep telling me that?
21) 4) dialog: Who else tells you? Jogo Everyone. Anyway, it’s a stupid idea
21) 5) dialog: You're stupid. Love is the strongest thing in the world. gogo I think you'll find that metal is the strongest thing in the world, followed closely by dynamite and then muscles. (beat) Besides, I wouldn’t even know it if I saw it.
21) 6) dialog: Surprise, surprise, your shoelaces are undone. Again. (she ties his laces) You'll know it when it happens. You'll feel it. A pain.
21) 8) dialog: Nope, in your tummy. And your heart. Like butterflies. It’s like you're full of butterflies. (CONTINUED)
21) 11) dialog: Yeah, yuck. Come on Shitler, let’s get a move on She stands. Jojo gets to his feet but trips. His shoelace are tied together. Jogo Hey!
21) 12) dialog: Haha! Oh kid, what’s wrong? She helps him to his feet and pushes him along, he falls again, laughing. Jogo Stop it!
21) 13) dialog: Get it together, man. I’m worried about you, are you drunk? (to a passer-by) Excuse me, can you help? My child is drunk. Jogo (laughing) Don't believe her!
21) 14) dialog: “I'm Jojo and I shouldn't trust pretty ladies to tie my shoelaces...” He gets up and tries to chase her. They play like this, h tripping over, trying to catch his mother, as locals watc
22) 1) dialog: You're growing up too fast. A ten year old shouldn't be celebrating war or talking politics. You should be having fun, climbing trees, and then falling out of those trees. (CONTINUED)
22) 4) dialog: Pah! The Reich is dying. We’re going to lose this war and then what will you do? All I'm saying is that life is a gift and therefore we must celebrate it, hold on to it. We have to dance to show God we are grateful to be alive. She does a small twirl next to him, her shoes spinning ne his head. gogo Well I won’t dance. Dancing’s for people who don’t have a job.
22) 5) dialog: Dancing’s for people who are free. It’s escape from all of this. gogo Well then you're free to dance your way home. I’1l ride! He jumps on his bicycle and pedals away. She gives chase
22) 6) dialog: Oh no you don’t! No one can stop me! She jumps on her bike and pedals after him.
23) 0) text: Jojo and Rosie ride through the countryside. A truck of wounded and battle weary soldiers pass by, the young faces sunken and devoid of hope. Rosie waves.
23) 1) dialog: Welcome back, boys! Now go home and kiss your mothers! This makes the boys smile and they wave back, cheering INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - INGA’S ROOM - AFTERNOON Jojo sits on Inga’s bed, Elsa is nearby (CONTINUED )
23) 35) dialog: (nodding) He's different. He suspects something. He thinks Inga’s ghost lives up here. (beat) You remind me of her. You really do. But different of course, you're your own person. I would love to have seen her grow into a woman, but I'll have to watch you instead. some wine.
23) 37) dialog: sure. (beat) You'll drink; (MORE) (CONTINUED)
23) 40) dialog: champagne if you’re happy, champagne if you're sad. You'll drive a car and eat cake. Gamble if you want, own diamonds and learn how to fire a gun. You'll go to Morocco, take up lovers and make them suffer, look a tiger in the eye and learn to trust without fear. That’s what it is to be a woman.
23) 42) dialog: You trust them. (she kisses Elsa’s head) Good night.
23) 44) dialog: No. (beat) I've never looked a tiger in the eye. and blows out the candle.