1) 0) text: Jojo skips happily down the street, Heil Hitlering variou locals he passes by. He meets his best friend, YORKI, 10 chubby, gawky, clumsy, who waits for him in a doorway. Jogo Heil Hitler, Yorki!
1) 1) dialog: Heil Hitler, Jojo! gogo Are you ready for the best weekend ever?
1) 2) dialog: Yes I am! Jogo Let’s go! They run off together, continuing to Heil Hitler everyone they meet.
2) 0) text: Jojo and Yorki sit with a large group of other young kids all dressed in Hitler Youth uniforms, in a sprawling fiel CAPTAIN KLENZENDORF, weathered, disillusioned, addresses crowd of kids. He has a DEAD-EYE and is accompanied by th awkwardly enthusiastic SUB-OFFICER FINKEL, and a brutish female instructor, FRAULEIN RAHM.
2) 8) text: Beat. He picks up a rifle and quickly fires a shot, hitti target 100 yards away. The kids applaud. KLENZENDORF (CONT’D) Over the next two days you little critters will get to experience some of the things that the mighty German Army goes through every day. And even though it would appear our country’s on the back foot and that there really isn’t much hope us of winning this war, apparently we're doing just fine. (takes a breath, composes himself, he’s sad) Anyway. You boys have all been issued with your Deutsches Jungvolk Daggers. Jojo and Yorki inspect and admire their nice new DEUTSCHE JUNGVOLK (DJ) KNIVES. KLENZENDORF (CONT’D) These are very special and expensive weapons, you should never be without them. And don’t try to stab each other.
2) 16) text: None of the knives stick, instead they fly off at dangero angles, one ricochets, lodging itself in another kid’s th - GUN RANGE. Jojo and some other kids aim their KARABINER RIFLES at a target in the distance. Jojo fires and, jumpi from the loudness of the shot, drops the rifle. - WAR GAME. The boys are separated into 2 groups, one sid wearing RED SASHES and the other GREEN. They chase each o round a clearing, pushing each other over and taking prisoners etc. Jojo and Yorki are taken prisoner instantl An older lad, CHRISTOPH, looks at them with disappointmen
3) 5) dialog: Is that it? Only 4 books? gogo It’s all I could find on the list. (reading the authors) Kafka... Brecht... Hesse losers.
3) 7) text: He throws them into the fire, Yorki follows suit. The boo land among other burning authors, FREUD, MANN, PROUST HEMINGWAY, REMARQUE. The children skip and dance round the bonfire, throwing b into the inferno while Fraulein Rahm cackles maniacally.
5) 0) text: Jojo and Yorki lie awake in sleeping bags, inspecting the new DJ KNIVES. gogo Imagine being in a battle, you've just run out of ammo, all you have is your DJ Knife. I would take down 20 of them before they got me. And I’d be laughing when they did.
5) 1) dialog: I don’t like that situation. I don’t want to die at all. Jogo Live Faithfully, Fight Bravely, and Die Laughing, Yorki, that’s the motto.
5) 2) dialog: I know but I wouldn’t be laughing. I'd probably be screaming. (CONTINUED)
5) 4) dialog: (prodding his chubbiness) Jews sound scary, huh? gogo Not to me. If I met one I’d kill it like that. (tries to snap his fingers) that.
5) 7) dialog: But how would you know if you saw one? They can look just like us. JosO Oh I'd know. I’d feel it’s head for horns. And they smell like Brussels Sprouts.
5) 8) dialog: Oh yeah, I forgot about the Brussels Sprouts bit. gogo Imagine catching one and giving it to Hitler. That’d be a sure-fire way to get into his personal guard.
5) 9) dialog: He'd be so impressed. gogo Then we would become best friends.
5) 10) dialog: I thought I was your best friend gogo Yorki, you're my second best friend. First place is reserved for the Fihrer. He, and only he can have that spot, so unless you’re Hitler hiding in a fat little boy’s body I'd be happy with 2nd place. (CONTINUED)
5) 13) dialog: I’m just a kid in a fat kid’s body. gogo Case closed. Jojo rolls over and stares at the sky. JOJO (CONT’D) (whispering) Night papa, I hope you come home soon. Night Inga, I hope you're happy up there
7) 10) dialog: Jojo! Are you alright Jojo? Who were you talking to? Jogo Nobody, I was just out here doing some push-ups for my muscles.
7) 11) dialog: Oh, I thought you were crying. gogo Are you a teardrop specialist? (CONTINUED)
7) 14) dialog: No. gogo Case closed. Now, Yorki Dorky, it’s time for Jojo to show these pip-squeaks who is the real cowardly rabbit. He takes a deep breath and scurries off into the bushes.
7) 15) dialog: I’m sorry what are you talking about? Jogo Never mind.
7) 16) dialog: Jojo, where are you going? gogo To be the rabbit!
28) 3) dialog: At your service! I even drink schnapps and smoke cigarettes now. Except I don’t light them because they taste like arse. He theatrically “smokes” with his cigarette which isn’t l gogo But you're only eleven.
28) 4) dialog: I know! And look at this uniform, it’s state of the art! Jojo feels the uniform. It is made out of CARDBOARD cover in GREEN MATERIAL. (CONTINUED)
28) 8) dialog: Hmm, that’s what I thought at first too. But it’s “paper-like”. It’s the latest material invented by our top scientists. He holds up his arm, the sleeve is way too long. Jogo Well, I’m impressed. You finally made it. Next stop, Hitler’s guard. Jojo shuffles on the spot.
28) 11) dialog: Wow, good for you! I saw some that they caught hiding in the forest last month. Personally I didn’t see what all the fuss was about. They weren’t at all scary and seemed kind of normal. But don’t tell anyone I said that. (then) Hey what's all that metal stuff? Are you collecting metal stuff? This gun’s metal stuff. Argh, I’m getting distracted, I gotta go!
28) 13) dialog: Oh my God it’s so hard to run in this thing! INT. JOJO’S HOUSE - INGA’S BEDROOM - DAY Jojo lightly taps on Elsa’s wall, opens the door and hold something out for her: the coloured pencils. gogo You can have them. I don’t care. They’re probably broken. Doesn’t mean anything. That's a good chair. He walks to chair, looks at it.
31) 0) text: Jojo heads down a street and finds a group of civilian lo being given weapons and instructions on how to use them. There are a couple of women and young boys among them, al looking very out of their element and bewildered. We hear an explosion a few blocks away. Civilians run the opposite way towards safety. Jojo moves towards the chaos He rounds a corner and sees Yorki, his uniform in tatters running on the other side of the street with another kid. They're carrying a ROCKET LAUNCHER. Jogo Yorki! Yorki sees Jojo, waves, trips and falls. The Rocket Launc hits the ground and fires -— sending a missile across the where it blows up a shop. GLASS and DEBRIS shower the str
31) 1) dialog: Scheisse! I’m so clumsy. (beat) Jojo! I've missed you. I’m sorry about your mama. I cried for ages when I heard what happened. They hug. Jogo Yorki, what's going on out there?
31) 2) dialog: The Russians Jojo, they’re coming. And the Americans from the other way. And England and China and Africa and India and Australia. The whole world is coming! Jogo How are we doing?
31) 3) dialog: Terribly! Our only friends are the Japanese and just between you and me, they don’t look very Aryan. Germany's completely run out of money. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
31) 6) dialog: I mean look at this uniform, it really Is made of paper. They just glued cotton on top of it. He turns around and we see the back of his jacket has bee completely burned off. YORKI (CONT’D) I gotta get this ammo to the gunners. You can help. Yorki puts the ammo in Jojo’s barrow and they head off.
32) 1) dialog: Oh yeah. You caught one. gogo I still have her. She’s basically my girlfriend now.
32) 2) dialog: Good for you Jojo! A girlfriend! gogo But she’s, y'know... Jewish.
32) 3) dialog: There are bigger things to worry about than Jews, Jojo. There’s Russians somewhere out there. They’re worse than anyone. I heard they eat babies and have sex with dogs. I mean, that’s bad, right? Jogo Sex with dogs?
32) 4) dialog: Yeah, the Englishmen do it too. We have to stop them before they eat us and screw all our dogs. It’s crazy. And now Hitler’s gone we're really on our own. (CONTINUED)
32) 7) dialog: You didn’t hear? He’s dead. He gave up and blew his brains out. gogo No. That's impossibl
32) 9) dialog: Blew them out. His brains. Turns out he was hiding a lot of stuff from us. Doing some really bad things behind everyone's backs. I’m not sure we chose the right side. Jojo and Yorki round a corner. As they approach another MACHINE GUN POST we see an ENEMY TANK in the distance tra on the fortification. It fires and there’s a huge explosion. The boys drop everything and RUN OFF.
33) 2) dialog: Y'know, I’m not sure we chose the right side. I’m beginning to wonder if we might be the bad guys.
33) 7) text: She grabs a massive MACHINE GUN and runs out into the fra FRAULEIN RABM (CONT’D) Die, DEVIL SCUM!!! Suddenly there’s a huge explosion and the street is engul in smoke and dust - Jojo and Yorki are separated.
33) 8) dialog: gogo Where are you?
33) 9) text: But Yorki has disappeared. More shots and yelling. Dazed and disoriented, Jojo makes his way through the haz smoke and debris, passing the last defenders of the town women, children, the elderly - all desperately trying to off a much stronger enemy, and failing. KLENZENDORF runs past. We see that he is wearing his unif but it has been altered according to his earlier drawing. has SPARKLY SEQUINS on the collar, TASSELS down the sleev FINKEL is with him, dressed in a similar outfit. There is electric energy between them. Klenzendorf sees Jojo, give triumphant smile, and runs off. Jojo follow suit and finds shelter behind a wall. He watc as German soldiers retreat from the enemy. Some are gunne down, others hide behind vehicles and continue to engage. There are fires burning throughout and the scene echoes t crazed frenzy of the book burning bonfire from earlier. O this time everyone is confused, freaked out and crying. Jojo ducks into a doorway and hides in a hole. FADE OUT. 83.
38) 0) text: +.bumps straight into Yorki. He’s covered in dirt and ash and has lost his uniform. He now wears only underpants an undershirt.
38) 1) dialog: Jojo! gogo Yorki! I thought you were dead.
38) 2) dialog: No, it seems I can never die. Jogo I don’t understand what's happening.
38) 3) dialog: Me neither. Nothing makes sense. It’s definitely not a good time to be a Nazi. (beat) I’m gonna go home and see my mother. I need a cuddle. Hey. So now the war's over at least your girlfriend will be free. She can leave now. Jojo steps back realizing Elsa may leave.