0) 0) text: CLOSE ON BLUE EYES as they snap open. Woken from a bad dr WIDEN to reveal a woman's face to go with the eyes. It's perfection, but it's close. We'll call her ALICE. It's raining. No, not rain, for as we WIDEN more, Alice is revealed to lying in the SHOWER. She's naked. And I take it back .... She is perfection. As she gets up, Alice looks around. Tiled floor, bathroom fittings made of brass. Alice moves through the room like someone who doesn't kno she is. She stops in front of a mirror. Wipes the condens from it. Stares at her own naked body as if it belonged t stranger. She sees a fresh bruise on one shoulder. From falling in shower? But her other shoulder is even more intriguing. A scar traces a long jagged line from the top of her arm to elbow. Looks like a knife did it. A big one. Alice touches the scar. Like it was all strange to her. L she's never seen it before,
1) 0) text: Alice sees a red dress laid on the bed for her. A pair of stand close by. Did she lay these out? She just doesn't remember.
2) 0) text: Alice, now dressed, stands over an antique writing desk. on it is a handwritten note. She picks it up: “Today All Your Dreams Come True", Alice walks to the window.
2) 3) text: Alice parts the curtains, but instead of a view of the wo there is nothing but CONCRETE outside the window. A solid impenetrable CONCRETE WALL. Off Alice's puzzled look we --
3) 0) text: Alice approaches the front door of the mansion.
4) 0) text: A long corridor made entirely of glass. The walls, the fl the ceiling. This is where ONE (the leader of the Command team) and the other Commandoes met their bloody end in RE EVIL 1. But Alice doesn't know this. She doesn't remember anything. But she knows that something is wrong. The lights dim. Something is happening. Alice turns to re to the Mansion, but the door has already swung closed. Th no going back. Suddenly a horizontal beam of laser light travels down th corridor at high speed. It starts at ankle level and then to chest height. There is no escaping it. And it's headed straight for Alice. At the last moment, Alice leaps into the air - and stays She is hanging from an air vent in the ceiling, her legs up above the level of the laser. The beam has passed righ beneath her, only just missing. (CONTINUED)
4) 2) text: THIS IS AN EXACT REPEAT FROM RESIDENT EVIL 1, except inst One's knife being caught by the laser beam, a thin sliver Alice's red dress drifts to the floor, sliced off by the laser. Alice drops back to the floor as the lights begin to dim And because history is repeating itself, we know what wil happen next. Alice will die, just as One did. A second laser beam fires towards Alice. She jumps in the again. The thin laser wire switches to a grid. Fifty interlocking laser lines forming a deadly net from which is no escape. But Alice swings her body upwards, kicking the air vent a and disappears into the air duct above the corridor. At t last moment she pulls her head into the air duct and esca laser grid. It was a close call, as witnessed by the strands of blond that drift slowly to the floor of the glass corridor. The are singed ~- burnt by the laser beam.
5) 0) text: Tight, claustrophobic and pitch black in here. Barely roo move. But Alice crawls forward. Pushing ever onwards. Eventually she sees a faint light filtering in from above access hatch of some kind in the roof of the duct. Alice pushes it cautiously open, to reveal -- INT. RACCOON CITY HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR NIGHT. Alice climbs from the access hatch and stares at the dese corridor -- It is the same one she wandered at the end of RESIDENT EV The very same one the NEMESIS prowled in RESIDENT EVIL: APOCALYPSE. Alice looks around, trying to remember, trying to figure out. At the end of the corridor are a set of glass doors leading to the city streets. It's silent out there. Alice takes a few steps forward and then halts. Sensing something. The corridor is empty, but still Alice feels u A GURNEY rests against the wall beside her. Alice takes i pushes it down the corridor ahead of her. (CONTINUED)
5) 2) text: The gurney triggers a CONCEALED TRAP. A viciously sharp W slices across the corridor, cutting the metal gurney clea half. It would have done the same to Alice. Alice steps carefully around the trap and accidentally tr a second device. A JUMPING JACK MINE which EXPLODES at chest height. Alice looks down to see blood spreading across her red dr After a moment of surprise she falls backwards DEAD. As Alice's blood pools around her, UMBRELLA SCIENTISTS ap from concealed doorways along the length of the corridor. had been watching all along. The Scientists wear Haz-Mat with mirrored visors. CLOSE ON -- one mirrored visor. We see dead Alice reflect it. Then the Scientist pulls off the visor to reveal -- D ISAACS, the creator of "Programme Alice" from RESIDENT EV APOCALYPSE. He stares down at the body in disgust.
6) 12) text: Alice draws her weapon of choice (under-over 12 Gauge, sa belt fed, inlaid with mother-of-pearl) and heads deeper i TV Station. INT. TV STATION - BASEMENT DAY. Paco hits the bottom of the stairs and sniffs the air. It labyrinth down here, further complicated by an endless ta wires and cables. Paco cautiously heads off into the dark INT. TV STATION - STUDIO DAY. Alice crosses the abandoned news studio. The place is a m Posters promoting Howard Stern and the Teletubbies hang o wall smeared with blood. This isn't a smart place to be. It's claustrophobic, it's and there could be anything hiding here. Overlooking the studio is the CONTROL BOOTH where the dir would sit. There are no lights on in the booth, but Alice senses a figure up there, watching through the glass. She the hammer back on the 12 Gauge and takes the stairs lead to the booth. INT. TV STATION - BASEMENT DAY. Paco stops at an intersection. A tattered poster hangs pe from the wall. It advertises "K-9 The Movie". JIM BELUSHI stares at his dog as the tag line proclaims -- "One's jus little smarter than the other." If it means anything to Paco, he doesn't let it show. He moves on into the darkness. INT. TV STATION - CONTROL BOOTH DAY. Alice approaches the FIGURE in the booth. It is sitting i high backed chair, hunched over the control panel. The Fi doesn't move, but seems to be muttering to itself. Alice approaches cautiously, her hand reaching for the back of swivel chair.... INT, TV STATION ~ BASEMENT DAY. Paco stops, hearing a sound. Up ahead, something moves. Something big. INT. TV STATION - CONTROL BOOTH DAY. Alice, gun at the ready, turns the swivel chair to reveal (CONTINUED)
7) 3) dialog: Leave my dog the fuck alone... CLOSE ON THE SHOTGUN BARREL as Alice opens fire. IN MACRO CLOSE UP and SLOW MOTION we see the deadly spray lead shot tear into Undead flesh as Alice fires again and cuUT TO: INT/EXT. KNAC TV STATION DAY. Alice steps back out into the light, Paco at her heel. Su her watch BEEPS. Alice looks down at the battered digital watch. A timer is running. Counting down seconds from 60. 59...58...57... Alice moves with a purpose. She runs to the Fireblade, pu desert camouflage tarp from a saddlebag and throws it ove bike. 30...29.,.28... Alice pulls off her jacket and as she runs back to the ra station, she dusts the ground behind her, obliterating he footsteps in the sand. 09...08..07... Alice hides in the doorway. BUT PACO IS STILL IN THE OPEN Alice whistles, and Paco scurries under cover beside her. in time -- 03,..02...01...
7) 5) text: We see the desert flats rendered in a series of high def. digital photographs. They show the KNAC Station in clear detail, But there is no sign of life. Alice and Paco are hidden from view. The motorbike camouflaged beneath the t The satellite passes overhead and starts to study the emp that lies beyond the radio station. INT. KNAC TV STATION DAY. Alice's watch BEEPS again. This is the "all clear”. She s back out into the open without a look to the sky.
8) 0) text: Alice climbs back on her bike and Paco leaps into his sad beside her, As she pulls out of the parking lot and back the Highway, the CAMERA TRACKS BACK into the depths of th Station --
9) 2) dialog: Raccoon City was just the beginning. ON SCREEN we witness the destruction of Raccoon City as r through a variety of media outlets.
9) 3) dialog: The Umbrella Corporation thought that they had contained the infection .... but they were wrong. We see the shattered remains of Raccoon City as the blast nuclear device subsides. (CONTINUED)
9) 6) dialog: The virus spread beyond the boundaries of Raccoon City. Some thought it was airborne .... On the outskirts of the devastated city, scorched leaves burning embers rain down in a FOREST of blackened trees.
9) 7) dialog: Others thought it was carried by rats THE CAMERA sinks beneath the ground in the forest and eme into a SEWER SYSTEM. Hundreds of rats splash through the detritus, fleeing the heat of the explosion.
9) 8) dialog: No one really knew. TIMES SQUARE in NEW YORK is seen in chaos. An Undead turn face us and then lunging at the unseen cameraman.
9) 9) dialog: Within weeks it had consumed the United States. The nation was in chaos. All that could be done was to flee .... In a MONTAGE of news footage we see CANADIAN BORDER GUARD trying to hold back a flood of American refugees,
9) 10) dialog: Surrounding Countries tried to close their borders. To keep it contained Undead Americans are shot as they wade across the RIO GRA In still more news reports, CUBAN GUNBOATS can be seen bl makeshift rafts out of the water. Rafts filled with fleei citizens.
9) 11) dialog: «+. It didn't work. In rough video footage we witness the Undead in PARIS, BE and TOKYO. The CHAMPS ELYSEE, The BRANDENBURGH GATE and HARAJUKU all overrun.
9) 12) dialog: By then, everyone knew who was to blame. ... (CONTINUED)
9) 15) dialog: And attempts were made to bring them to justice ... but it was all too little too late. We see Doctor Isaacs slip away as Undead attack within th courtroom and chaos ensues.
9) 16) dialog: And then it was done. The end of the World ... Just like that. Suddenly STATIC fills the frame. There's no one left to take any more footage. And nowhere to broadcast it.
9) 17) dialog: What survivors there were, headed for the countryside, The areas with least population. Where it was less likely that "they" would catch the scent. Slowly the static is replaced by the OPEN ROAD - white li scything through frame.
9) 18) dialog: We avoided major metropolitan areas and kept on the move. If we stopped any one place too long, "they" would be drawn to us. Only a few at first, but then more and more. A limitless supply of the dead. (beat) Staying on the road, seemed the only way to stay alive.
19) 0) text: A desolate ridge overlooking the Arco station. No sign of Suddenly the BEEP of a digital watch breaks the silence a instant later the original Alice appears from under the c netting RIGHT IN FRONT OF OUR NOSES. She and the Fireblad been perfectly hidden. Invisible to the satellite. Alice pulls a pair of binoculars from her saddlebags and the abandoned Arco station. A lone Undead wanders the forecourt. His name is written on his uniform - STEVIE. A time he used to pump gas here. (CONTINUED)
19) 4) dialog: Sorry about this Stevie. She fires and we PAN with the bolt as it streaks over a m desert air. It’s an amazing shot that lands with deadly precision. Stevie is hit clean between the eyes. The bolt impacts with such force that the Undead's head is pinned bodywork of a nearby Chevy Pick Up Truck.
20) 0) text: Alice rides into the abandoned ARCO station. The BELL sou she pulls up beside the pump. It's a lonesome sound, belo to a long dead World. Stevie looks on with glazed eyes. H head is still nailed to the Chevy Pick Up. Paco jumps out his saddlebag and smells the air. He seems satisfied. No threat here. Alice hand cranks the gas pump. She gets half a can of gasoline, but then nothing. Not another drop.
20) 1) dialog: Damn. She turns to see Paco staring up at her. Quizzical.
20) 2) dialog: What are you looking at?
24) 0) text: CLOSE ON the radio strapped to the side of Alice's Firebl The sound is turned down, but we still hear the feint voi Mikey.
24) 4) dialog: What? The little dog is staring at her. A silent moment between two of them.
24) 5) dialog: You talk too much.
25) 0) text: Alice is lit by firelight. She opens the RED JOURNAL she discovered at the TV Station. Idly, she leafs through the pages. The last few make grim reading -- "No food ... No water ... No one coming ..." There are flecks of dried blood on the page. But as Alice back through the journal, things become more interesting "Heard the transmission again. They're broadcasting from in Alaska. No infection, no Undead. They're isolated ... Safe.” Again and again the writer talks about these transmission the far North. Alongside the entries there are pages torn magazines (National Geographic etc.) and pasted into the journal. They show the town of ARCADIA. The feature is ab Polar Bears, but it also shows the town itself. Beautiful isolated, a safe haven. Clearly the writer of the journal was obsessed about this Arcadia ~- the promised land - safe from the Undead.
26) 0) text: Paco sits close to the embers of the dying fire. Not much left there, but the little dog is sucking up whatever rem The Journal lies open, to the page showing pictures of Ar Alice lies to one side, asleep. But it is a troubled slee CLOSE ON HER EYELIDS as we see the R.E.M. - frantic and b in intensity. ALICE'S DREAM -- we see fragments of her past. The very e RESIDENT EVIL: APOCALYPSE, Alice and the others (Carlos, Valentine, L,J. and Angie) escaping in the black SUV. Doc Isaacs telling his men to active "Programme Alice". Umbre controlled ALICE VISION (seeing through her eyes). Is Ali aware of Umbrella's control over her? Or is it buried dee within her subconscious, fighting to get out? (CONTINUED)
26) 6) dialog: Shit ....
27) 19) dialog: Go get him tiger .... The rabbit pokes his head up 100 feet away from Paco. Eve seems to be watching the dog with amusement. Paco gives u trots back to Alice. She is walking the blacktop back to abandoned Arco Station. After the events of last night, t Fireblade is clearly out of action. Alice carries her saddlebags, radio and what is left of her gasoline in two slung over her shoulder.
28) 0) text: Alice gasses up the abandoned Chevy Pick Up. After a few attempts it starts. Paco hops in the back as Alice pulls onto the Freeway. (CONTINUED)
37) 3) dialog: I'm not your problem. There is a small searchlight mounted to the driver's side Pick Up. Alice swings it to one side. The beam illuminate army of Undead, already in the camp.
37) 5) dialog: They're too far gone ... SLOW MOTION as Alice pushes the tails of her duster coat side. She wears two KUKRI strapped to her waist. These lo GURKHA MACHETES are unique. Incredibly difficult to maste the deadliest blades in the world. The Undead with half a head reaches for Alice. His half m opening wide revealing shattered teeth. In an instant, hi severed HANDS and then what remains of his HEAD hit the d sand. His lifeless body follows a moment later.
37) 6) dialog: (to Mikey) Sever the spinal column ... Alice holds a Kukri in either hand.
37) 7) dialog: -- kill all the motor functions. Without hesitation she charges the Undead. Outnumbered fi one, her duster TWIRLING in the wind, the blades SPINNING her in a lethal arc. Alice is a blur of deadly motion. An wherever she moves. Things die.
45) 0) text: Alice wrenches open the door and leaps aboard. The engine running, but Sven is nowhere to be see. In the WING MIRRO the reflection of a blazing Undead, right on the edge of pool of gasoline. (CONTINUED)
47) 0) text: Alice looks in the Wing Mirror and sees the fire coming. Tanker is leaking gasoline, and the flames are chasing th hungrily. Alice grinds the gas pedal into the floor.
49) 0) text: Alice races past the last of the convoy's vehicles. Scare faces stare at her from the windows of the School Bus. Ot doing his best to calm the children, but they are in a fu panic.
52) 0) text: A solemn air hangs over the camp as the survivors attempt repair the remaining vehicles. INT. AMBULANCE DAY. Alice lies unconscious. Betty has cut away her tattered c to reveal a body ravaged with burns and wounds. Betty is applying salve to a raw burn on Alice's neck. SUDDENLY Al hand SNAPS up and grabs Betty's wrist. Startled, Betty tr jump back, but Alice's grip is like iron. Alice has enoug sedative in her to tranquilize a horse. Yet her eyes are and focussed. Her movements precise.
52) 1) dialog: Don't .... She relaxes her grip. Realizing Betty is in pain.
52) 2) dialog: .... touch me. (CONTINUED)
52) 6) dialog: (cuts her short) Are fine. Alice unhooks the I.V. drip from her arm and sits up. She notices a bracelet made of electrical wire on her left wr Where the hell did that come from?
52) 9) dialog: Got anything I could wear? EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP DAY. We PAN up Alice's legs as she steps from the Ambulance. S dressed in one of B's nurses’ outfits. It's not an unplea sight. Paco joins her immediately. The faithful hound had waiting outside the ambulance door. Alice walks over to h pick-up truck. She checks her stuff - radio and saddlebag all seems to be in order.
52) 11) dialog: Disappointed? From Jill's expression it's hard to tell.
52) 15) dialog: You did. I've been monitoring your transmissions. When I heard you were here, I didn't have a choice. I had to come. She reaches inside one of her saddlebags
52) 16) dialog: I've been here before ... Alice tosses her something. Jill catches it. It's a corny fridge magnet -- "I saw the bones at Desert Trail".
52) 17) dialog: -+- knew what was waiting.
52) 19) dialog: You know what happened. They used me.
52) 21) dialog: That's why I had to disappear,
52) 23) dialog: I broke into an Umbrella facility. Hacked into their computers and downloaded the satellite trajectories. I stayed off the grid. Ceased to exist. Suddenly Alice looks down at her watch. But it's gone. Me in last night's fire.
52) 24) dialog: (worried) What time is it?
52) 28) dialog: Shit!! She grabs her saddlebags and runs for cover. Alice steps beneath the porch of the Motel just as we -- SMASH CUT TO;
53) 0) text: Alice stands in the shadows under the cover of the Motel
53) 4) dialog: I get that a lot. Alice holds up her wrist. The one with the wire bracelet. just like the ones that K-Mart wears.
53) 5) dialog: This belong to you?
53) 7) dialog: Looks like it worked. What do they call you?
53) 12) dialog: You have a name before that?
53) 14) dialog: What's up with them?
53) 16) dialog: You remind me of someone.
53) 18) dialog: I let her die. The young girl doesn't seem phased by this at all --
53) 40) dialog: The transmissions said there was no infection up there. Valentine indicates the convoy at large.
55) 12) dialog: Tried a month ago ... Empty.
55) 23) dialog: She's right... Alice glances over at Valentine. Despite the tension betw these two, once again they've found themselves on the sam
55) 24) dialog: ... Vegas is our best bet.
56) 0) text: There's a slight delay due to the satellite relay. Ona monitor, Alice is just finishing her conversation - in AL
56) 2) dialog: ... Vegas is our best bet. Doctor Isaacs turns away from the monitor satisfied. He h button for the intercom --
58) 0) text: Alice rides in the Flat Bed Truck. She has customized the nurse's outfit with leather shoulder holsters and bandoli spare ammo. K-Mart rides with Alice. Carlos is at the whe Alice looks down. Between her feet there is a GAPING HOLE can see the asphalt racing by.
58) 1) dialog: Nice ride. They pass a sign “LAS VEGAS 155 MILES”.
58) 3) dialog: Used to be a fun town.
58) 5) dialog: Let's hope we don't stay there long enough to find out.
60) 3) dialog: What do you mean? Carlos glances out at the every growing numbers of Undead
60) 8) dialog: Believe that if you want. But I'm not ready to surrender to the new world order just yet. She opens the Red Journal. Takes out a cutting of Arcadia beautiful, fairy-tale town. Alice pins it to the sun viso above her.
60) 9) dialog: There's an end to this. I'm sure of it. There's a moment's silence. Carlos stares at her. Alice shifts, uncomfortable --
60) 10) dialog: What?
60) 12) dialog: I didn't have a choice. I couldn't be around you. Any of you. I'd have gotten you all killed.
60) 14) dialog: (shrugs) Habit ... It's a weak excuse and they both know it.
60) 16) dialog: (smiles) I could try. But despite Alice's attempt to make a joke out of it, Car not going to let it go. He stares at her. Expecting a rep (CONTINUED)
60) 19) dialog: I'm better out there. Alone. Okay?
60) 21) dialog: There are some things.... (hesitates) I don't understand. I can't control. It's hard for her to talk about this. To confront the uncertainty of her own identity. Her growing powers. Her evolution.
60) 22) dialog: It's safer if I'm not around people. Before Carlos can ask more, the vehicle in front comes to abrupt halt. Alice slams on the brakes. Before them is a faded sign, half buried in the desert sands -- "WELCOME TO LAS VEGAS". EXT. LAS VEGAS - OUTSKIRTS DAY. The convoy makes its way along roads choked with sand. So blocked completely ~ only the tops of the telegraph poles letting us know that they existed at all. We see the roofs of tall buildings poking out of the sand Signs for Burger King and Taco Bell float above the dunes there is no sign of the buildings that they once advertis
61) 2) dialog: Guess the desert wanted it back. She reaches for her walkie.
62) 0) text: Alice's voice comes over Valentine's walkie. (CONTINUED)
62) 3) dialog: We're going to have to check the Strip. See if anything's left there.
68) 2) dialog: They've been feeding on tainted flesh. She grabs the walkie.
68) 3) dialog: Roll up your windows. Don't let them get the scent.
68) 5) dialog: Roll up your windows right now!!
70) 0) text: Alice watches the crows circling above. The birds are ref in the windshield like a ominous black cloud.
70) 1) dialog: (into the walkie) Floor it!
71) 0) text: Alice glances up.
71) 1) dialog: They're territorial ... we just have to keep going.
71) 5) dialog: Saw it on the Discovery Channel.
72) 0) text: Alice looks back. Sees the school bus. Unmoving. Besieged
72) 1) dialog: Damn it!!! The flatbed is already at the end of the street, but Alic on the wheel, and the truck spins through 180 degrees, he right back into the danger zone.
74) 1) dialog: (to K-Mart) Take the wheel. K-Mart does as she's told, and Alice slides across to the door. Within a second, both her guns are blazing as she s the attacking crows out of the sky.
76) 0) text: Alice grabs the last of the kids. An adult screams at the the doomed school bus. He's already covered in crows. Bey helping. (CONTINUED)
85) 7) dialog: Those birds must have moved through the city block by block ... picked it clean. Carlos and Alice share a look. As horrific as the Undead there's something even more unsettling about the complete deserted city.
88) 0) text: A distance from the Valet, Alice and Carlos stand perched Ponte dei Sospiri, binoculars in hand. Carlos scans the S Alice takes the sky.
88) 1) dialog: {into walkie) Still no movement .... We're good.
89) 9) dialog: You hear that? (CONTINUED)
90) 0) text: Carlos is at the wheel. Alice stares up at the deserted buildings suspiciously. K-Mart sees the way Alice's hand unconsciously over the breech of the 12 gauge. There's trouble coming.
91) 0) text: CRANE UP out of a concrete storm drain - built to handle winter flash floods. The Strip should pass over it, but a four lanes are a mess of collapsed concrete and twisted r It's impassable, The convoy grinds to a halt. Alice and the other climb from their vehicles.
91) 2) dialog: (immediately suspicious) There's something wrong here. (CONTINUED)
91) 7) dialog: No. This was recent. Look ... Alice points to a nearby chunk of concrete. The twisted e the metal rebar catch the light. ALICE (CONT’D) ++. the metal hasn't had time to oxidize. Alice and Carlos exchange a look. That Inhuman Scream sti fresh in their minds.
93) 2) dialog: We have to move it.
94) 0) text: The front of Mikey's truck is fitted with a winch. Valent pulls the metal towing hook free and begins to unspool th cable. Alice already has a similar hook and cable from the front Flat Bed. In the background, L.J. and Betty are doing the same with Ambulance. This freight container is big, and it's going need the power of all three vehicles to move it.
95) 0) text: As they cautiously approach the container, Alice looks ar but there is no sign of life anywhere. Valentine puts her ear to the container. No sound from wi But this is very, VERY creepy. Valentine inspects the front of the container.
95) 6) dialog: Down! ! She pushes Betty and Valentine down as the cable SNAPS an over their heads at high speed. A deadly metal scythe tha would slice through anything in its way. Alice's warning saved their lives,
95) 7) dialog: Stop! Stop! L.J. and Mikey stop their winches. The cable to the News is the one that snapped. Valentine dusts herself down.
95) 9) dialog: Don't mention it. They talk like Alice just held open a door for her. Cool. CLOSE ON -- the towing hook from the News Truck. The cabl sheered clean off. As Alice kneels to examine it, she hea feint noise. Coming from WITHIN the container. She places her ear against the metal. Nothing. Or was tha movement? Alice strains to hear when suddenly -- BANG!!!! One of the bolts holding the front of the contai place, blows CLEAN OFF. Alice jumps back in surprise as m and more of the bolts begin to blow. These are EXPLOSIVE Designed for the rapid deployment of whatever is inside, (CONTINUED)
95) 12) dialog: Get back! The whole front of the container falls to the ground, nar missing Alice, Betty and Valentine. The women pull their ready for action, but nothing happens. The interior of the container is filled with an inky, impenetrable darkness. THE CAMERA TRACKS into the depths of the container. There the hint of movement. OF SOMETHING ALIVE IN THERE, A delicious moment of anticipation. Alice's finger tenses the trigger. Then suddenly all hell breaks loose, RUNNING from the dar at top speed are three dozen Undead. The women are caught guard for a moment, and don't even fire. They've never se Undead move like this! These are all of Isaacs failed experiments. Each with the distinctive triangular puncture mark at the base of their And each one filled with an uncontrollable rage, as well unnatural speed and strength. The Raiders Undead is among them. We hear the same chilling, INHUMAN SCREAM that Alice and had heard earlier. As the first of the Undead LEAPS at Alice, she blows it o the air with both barrels of her sawn-off. The Undead hit ground, rolls and then gets back to its feet. Its chest i tatters, but its speed and hunger intact. Betty and Valentine slow the first few Undead with a barr gunfire, but in an instant they need to reload, and the U are so fast, they are never going to get the chance to do
95) 13) dialog: Run! ! Alice stops the lead Undead in his tracks with a "clothes a classic aikido move which uses the Undead's own speed a strength against it. The Undead falls to the ground and n gets up. His neck broken. At least these things can be ki Alice has given Valentine and Betty a split second for es and they take it, racing back to their vehicles. Valentine heads to the Flat Bed, to protect K-Mart. But i just too far. The lightning fast Undead will overtake her (CONTINUED)
99) 0) text: A small control room is set up in the belly of one of the Umbrella choppers. Plasma screens show us Alice Vision an Satellite Images of the battle. Still more monitor Alice' heart rate, respiration, electrical impulses etc. Isaacs is taking it all in. (CONTINUED)
100) 0) text: CLOSE ON ALICE'S EYES -- as her look suddenly becomes dis distracted. As if her mind were elsewhere. And in the darkness of her pupils, in the depths far behi cornea, we see a sudden flash of light. Like electricity. the bare hint of something back there -- The Umbrella Logo. And Alice FREEZES. The Kukris hanging loosely from her ha
102) 1) dialog: Still frozen. Unable to help her friends. Sweat beads her face. We can see that she is fighting Umbrella's control her. Paco races around his mistress, BARKING wildly! MATCH CUT TO;
104) 2) dialog: I think you mothers are looking for me. She's back, and ready to rumble.
108) 0) text: CLOSE ON ALICE'S EYES -- As far behind her cornea, we see sudden flash of light. Like electricity. And the bare hin something back there -- The Umbrella Logo. But this time, the Umbrella Logo dims. And Alice keeps mo FIGHTING their control over her. (CONTINUED)
109) 6) dialog: Where is he? And for the first time, we notice that Isaacs is gone.
111) 0) text: Alice races for the chopper as it takes off. She JUMPS, grabbing the runners beneath the helicopter.
112) 0) text: Alice is hauling herself on board. She sees Isaacs inject himself with anti-virus. The Umbrella Trooper swings his Alice's head. He has. her dead to rights.
112) 5) dialog: I'll live. She pushes the dead Umbrella Captain out of his seat and down. (CONTINUED)
112) 8) dialog: L.J. Get in the cockpit. Lod. I can see it from here. Sucker's full of bullet holes. Its flying days are done.
112) 9) dialog: I know. But look at the instrumentation. L.J. grumbles but does as he's told. LJ. Okay.
112) 10) dialog: I want to know what its last bearing was. LJ. Why?
112) 11) dialog: Because then we know where it came from, EXT. SIDE STREET DAY. Alice, L.J. and K-Mart return to the convoy. Betty is ban Valentine. The wound is very deep.
112) 12) dialog: They have the anti-virus .... I saw it. She puts a reassuring hand on Valentine.
112) 13) dialog: You'll be okay. Alice surveys the abandoned streets. The sun is sinking b the buildings. Long menacing shadows reaching for them li dark fingers.
112) 14) dialog: We should get moving. Alice senses something wrong. Something hanging in the ai Something no one wants to say. (CONTINUED)
112) 17) dialog: Where's Carlos?
113) 0) text: The convoy has parked up at the outskirts of Las Vegas. Silhouetted against a blood red sky, a single cross marks Carlos' grave. The others turn and walk back to their veh but Alice remains. Impassive. Staring at the cross, Someone has hung Carlos’ dog tags over the rough wooden c As the others climb back into their vehicles, and Alice i finally alone, emotion comes flooding across her face. Te roll down her cheeks as she reaches down and takes the do from the cross. In the midst of all the horror, this was the man she was to. And now he's gone. The tears are almost uncontrollable. The repressed emotio years of leadership, years of strength, finally given ven
114) 0) text: The sun has just dipped beyond the horizon as Alice walks to the vehicles. The tears are gone. She wears the dog ta around her neck. Framed against the bloody sky, she has t look of some avenging, fallen angel.
114) 2) dialog: Let's go. The warrior has returned. Pity her prey. CuT TO: INT. THE COMPLEX - CORRIDOR NIGHT. Two ARMED GUARDS stand outside the door to Isaacs' lab. T salute as Doctor Slater approaches. He has clearly assume command. Everything he always wanted. (CONTINUED)
115) 28) dialog: (comforting) Hold on. They have the anti-virus down there. (CONTINUED)
115) 34) dialog: Really?
116) 7) dialog: Found these. She hands Jill a packet of smokes - "American Spirits". H cigarettes.
116) 9) dialog: Jill, I know we ... Valentine shakes her head.
116) 12) dialog: Consider it done.
117) 0) text: The Canola Oil Tanker races across the desert flats at to speed. Headed for the weather station. The Hummer pulls l Alice and K-Mart ride within. The rest of the convoy foll behind. Alice salutes Valentine.
126) 1) dialog: Hold on .... EXT, WEATHER STATION — CONTINUOUS The Hummer races at top speed through the burning wastela Valentine has created. She has punched a huge hole in the of the Undead. The Hummer leads the rest of the cenvoy th it. INT. HUMMER — CONTINUOUS As the Hummer breaks through the tatters of the perimeter K-Mart stares out of the window. She's focussed on the re of the Tanker. Valentine is gone forever. cur To:
130) 0) text: Everyone is onboard except Alice. She stands OUTSIDE the helicopter, caught in the downdraft. She hands the Red Jo to K-Mart. (CONTINUED)
130) 3) dialog: Here.
132) 0) text: Alice watches as the helicopter rises ten feet in the air LURCHES to one side, almost demolishing the roof of the w station. Gradually Betty brings it back under control.
134) 0) text: K-Mart watches through the open door as Alice slowly rece into the distance. A lone woman with only a small dog for company. She cuts a mythic figure.
135) 0) text: The downdraft dies as the helicopter disappears. Alice an are left alone. Just as we found them. In the distance, there are a thousand Undead headed their Suddenly there is movement RIGHT BEHIND ALICE!!! She spins, gun in hand, to see -- (CONTINUED)
135) 3) dialog: What are you doing here? L.J. shrugs. L.J. I hate to fly.
136) 0) text: Alice, Paco and L.J. drop down the shaft from the Weather Station. They are riding on the Hydraulic Platform. Numbe painted on the concrete walls let them know that they are feet underground.
137) 0) text: The platform comes to rest in the natural rock cave. As b the place is littered with vehicles and high-tech equipme Only now, there is no sign of life. Alice and L.J. cautiously walk the concrete road leading large set of Blast Doors. The entrance to The Complex is and unguarded, Alice and L.J. share a look, then draw the guns.
138) 0) text: They enter the giant underground facility. Still there is sign of life. It's eerie. A large glass sculpture hangs from one wall. It is made u hundreds of interlocking mirrored cubes. Alice stares at fractured reflection. It can't help but echo her experien RESIDENT EVIL 1.
138) 1) dialog: {unsettled) Stay tight.
139) 0) text: Alice enters the darkened room. The light fittings are sm There are bullet holes in the walls. Blood everywhere, bu bodies. One of the light fittings is still swinging, giving the s a menacing life of their own. L.J. follows Alice into the The eeriness of the place getting to him. Even Paco is restless. Alice nudges L.J., scaring the life out of him. L.J. What? She points up. There are holes in the ceiling, exposing ventilation shafts. There are bloody marks all over them, someone or something had dragged the bodies UP into the s SUDDENLY there is MOVEMENT behind them. Taking both L.J. Alice by surprise. L.d. turns, firing on instinct. But the bullet goes STRAIGHT THROUGH his target. It is a HOLOGRAM of the White Queen that has suddenly app floating over the long table.
139) 3) dialog: The White Queen. The computer that runs this place. She's A.I. .... modelled after the head programmer's daughter. to Alice. How does she know all this? Alice shrugs.
139) 4) dialog: iIomet the sister. (beat) She was a homicidal bitch.
139) 6) dialog: Kill a few, save a lot.
139) 8) dialog: Didn't quite work out, did it?
139) 11) dialog: My blood?
139) 17) dialog: Why are you talking to us?
139) 19) dialog: (not quite believing it) This could all end?
140) 0) text: Alice and L.J. stand at a thick steel blast door which se corridor. “LEVEL 7” is stencilled on it. The White Queen appears on a FLAT SCREEN computer console by the door.
140) 6) dialog: (to Paco) You stay here, The little dog doesn't look happy, but he does as he's to Ld. (hopeful) What about me? Alice just smiles at him.
141) 0) text: We see Alice and L.J. outlined in the doorway as the blas slides up. It's pitch black in here, As they step over the threshold --
142) 0) text: Alice and L.J. make their way through a pitch black labyr Whatever Isaacs has mutated into, clearly it doesn't need lights. (CONTINUED)
143) 1) dialog: Someone's been busy. The bodies are ordered in a precise symmetrical pattern, pyramid built from the dead. There is a strange twisted intelligence at work here. Lid. Look at this. L.J. seats himself at one of the terminals.
143) 3) dialog: Can you pull up the security system? Lid. Done. A series of C.C.T.V. shots come up. They can monitor the interior of The Complex from right here.
143) 9) dialog: There! She has seen something moving on one of the C.C.T.V. Came Something in the depths of the lab. Amongst the darkened stasis tanks.
143) 10) dialog: I see him. As Alice moves off, she slips an earpiece into her left e
143) 11) dialog: Stay here. Guide me in. L.d. Right. Alice is swallowed by the darkness. L.J. looks around. No that he is alone, the lab becomes even more unsettling. L glances at the pile of dead bodies directly behind him.
143) 16) dialog: (quietly, to herself) Well .... This is fairly strange.
144) 2) dialog: Nothing.
145) 0) text: Alice advances. Alert. Suddenly there is movement. Refracted through the fluid i tanks.
145) 1) dialog: 
145) 4) dialog: Which is it?
145) 6) dialog: L.d.?
147) 0) text: Alice still holds the mirror image of herself in her arms The Clone convulses massively and her eyelids open. She l straight into the face of Alice. For a moment, there is a flicker of recognition. And then her body gives out. The Clone dies in Alice's arms. For a moment Alice cradles her own naked self. Her skin s with the fluid from the tank. And then she slowly eases t dead body to the ground. When she looks up, Alice's eyes are filled with a murdero rage.
148) 0) text: Alice enters the corridor where we had glimpsed the Isaacs/Tyrant just moments earlier. The creature is nowhe be seen, but the walls are slick with its blood. Up ahead, the outline of a door. Alice pushes it open and steps into -~
149) 0) text: Tiled floor, bathroom fittings made of brass. The shower running and the washbasin mirror is fogged with condensat Alice looks around in surprise. This is an exact replica opening of RESIDENT EVIL 1. For Alice it is like she has stepped back in time.
150) 0) text: Alice sees a red dress laid on the bed, A pair of boots s close by. Precisely as she remembered it. This is all an replica of her own experiences. Built as part of the "tra floor" for the Clones. CLOSE ON ~- an antique writing desk. Lying on it is a handwritten note. Alice picks it up: (CONTINUED)
150) 8) dialog: You have no idea. CLOSE ON the tentacles as they launch another attack on A CLOSE ON Alice as she turns her attention INWARDS. We hav this once before - when she used her psychic powers to wa control the flames at the Truck Stop. The tentacles have almost reached Alice when suddenly THE FREEZE IN MID-AIR. Something is holding them in place. Then Alice unleashes an immense PSYCHIC BLAST. It rips up the floorboards between herself and the Tyrant when it hits the Isaacs/Tyrant it lifts him off the groun slams him into the mansion wall. The impact is so great t the Tyrant is embedded in the brickwork. CLOSE ON ALICE ~-- As before, the use of such power exhau She falls to her knees. Blood runs from her right nostril For a moment there is silence. It seems as though the fig over. But then the Isaacs/Tyrant pulls himself from the wall. P and masonry dropping all around him. He should be dead, b instead he just laughs. There is something inhuman/insane the sound. The mutation is warping his intelligence, maki less human by the moment. Alice gets back to her feet. She turns her attention inwa again, but before she has a chance -- The Isaacs/Tyrant unleashes a psychic blast of his own. A this one is twice the strength of Alice's. (CONTINUED)
151) 0) text: The familiar long corridor made entirely of glass. The pl where ONE (the leader of the Commando team) and the other Commandoes met their bloody end in RESIDENT EVIL 1. And now Alice lies bleeding on the mirrored floor. The impact of crashing through the door should have splin her bones, liquefied her internal organs. But somehow she breathes. Just. The Isaacs/Tyrant steps into the glass corridor. He looks on the shattered frame of Alice with contempt. She seems muttering softly to herself. Her mind broken as well as h body.
151) 3) dialog: Lid. ...e CLOSE ON Alice's walkie. We realize that it is still swit on. This is why she seemed to be muttering to herself ear (CONTINUED)
151) 6) dialog: sees NOW, The Isaacs/Tyrant turns in surprise as a horizontal beam laser light shoots down the corridor at high speed. It's straight for him. Alice has been deliberately drawing him into the glass co Leading him into a trap! In a heartbeat, the thin laser wire switches to a grid. F interlocking laser lines forming a deadly net from which is no escape.
153) 0) text: Alice looks down on the smoking pieces of the Isaacs/Tyra
153) 1) dialog: Yeah .... you're the future alright. cuT TO:
154) 0) text: Betty is at the controls. Confident now. K-Mart sits besi her. She grips the Red Journal in her hands. Open to the pictures of Arcadia - the dream of Alaska. In the cargo h behind them, the children are sleeping. K-Mart stares at the dramatic arctic mountains that lie a Their ragged peaks reflected in the glass of the cockpit. the rest of the survivors, K-Mart is looking into an unce future. But one filled with new hope. A future Alice has given them.
156) 7) dialog: (interrupting) Oh, you won't have to wait that long boys. Much to everyone's surprise, a holographic image of Alice appeared. Taking Isaacs‘ empty place at the table. All ey are on her.
156) 8) dialog: You see, I'm coming for you ....
157) 0) text: CLOSE ON ALICE. She is in front of a computer terminal.
157) 1) dialog: +++. and I'm going to be bringing a few friends .... Alice is flanked by L.J. and Paco. But these are not the friends that she was referring to. For as we watch, the C TRACKS BACK AT HIGH SPEED, past the cryo-stasis tubes to