29) 16) dialog: That's me. Now lie back and relax ... She produces a syringe and an ampule of morphine.
29) 17) dialog: --. "I'm here to help", We get the feeling that this is Betty's catchphrase.
42) 0) text: Carlos and Betty cover each other's backs as they blaze a But the Undead are almost impossible to stop. Even with g holes in them, they continue to advance. As Betty reloads Undead grabs her. Its teeth are at her throat in an insta Sven BURSTS from the back of the Ambulance, part of the g still dangling from his wrist. (CONTINUED)
52) 0) text: A solemn air hangs over the camp as the survivors attempt repair the remaining vehicles. INT. AMBULANCE DAY. Alice lies unconscious. Betty has cut away her tattered c to reveal a body ravaged with burns and wounds. Betty is applying salve to a raw burn on Alice's neck. SUDDENLY Al hand SNAPS up and grabs Betty's wrist. Startled, Betty tr jump back, but Alice's grip is like iron. Alice has enoug sedative in her to tranquilize a horse. Yet her eyes are and focussed. Her movements precise.
52) 5) dialog: Your wounds....
52) 7) dialog: If they're not treated they could become infected. But Alice is oblivious. She stands up.
52) 8) dialog: You need to rest. Alice isn't listening. B is a forceful woman, but no matc this girl. Ina corner lie the smouldering remains of what to be Alice's clothes.
63) 0) text: Betty is at the wheel. L.d., now without a vehicle, rides beside her. Betty fingers her .45 nervously.
63) 1) dialog: Where are they? She glances at L.J. He shares her concern. Where are the Undead?
69) 1) dialog: What's going on?!
86) 2) dialog: How do you know? L.d. Dropped two g here back in the day. (CONTINUED)
86) 6) dialog: (whistles) Two grand .... Mister High Roller.
89) 6) dialog: What are you doing? L.J. produces three chips that he acquired from under the table. Each is for a $1,000. Lid. Taking my two g back .... with interest.
89) 7) dialog: (incredulous) What good are they? L.d. stares at her like she were the dumbest woman to wal Earth. LJ. It's the principle of the thing! He shakes his head at her lack of moral fibre.
94) 0) text: The front of Mikey's truck is fitted with a winch. Valent pulls the metal towing hook free and begins to unspool th cable. Alice already has a similar hook and cable from the front Flat Bed. In the background, L.J. and Betty are doing the same with Ambulance. This freight container is big, and it's going need the power of all three vehicles to move it.
97) 0) text: Betty has almost made it to the Ambulance when an Undead her, sending her sprawling to the ground. The Undead is o of her immediately, rearing up, ready to take a bite, whe BAM!!! It is hit in the head by the Ambulance door openin The door hits with such force it staves in the Undead's s L.Jd. reaches down to drag Betty to safety. L.dJ. (all smiles) "I'm here to help ...." Even in the midst of such chaos, L.J. is still the ladies
115) 25) dialog: I used to be an airborne paramedic. Not a pilot. L.J. just stares at her. After a beat --
115) 26) dialog: (flustered) I know the theory .... Ld, Well you're about to get the practise.
128) 0) text: Betty sits at the controls. There's so many of them, Over the rotor blades fire into life and begin to revolve. L.J. That's it girl! (leans over her shoulder) Knew you could do it!
128) 1) dialog: (worried) That was the easy bit.
131) 0) text: Betty nervously pulls back on the controls.
131) 1) dialog: Okay ... here we go.
132) 0) text: Alice watches as the helicopter rises ten feet in the air LURCHES to one side, almost demolishing the roof of the w station. Gradually Betty brings it back under control.
133) 1) dialog: (intense concentration) Easy ... Easy. Slowly but surely, the helicopter rises into the air. The going to be alright.
154) 0) text: Betty is at the controls. Confident now. K-Mart sits besi her. She grips the Red Journal in her hands. Open to the pictures of Arcadia - the dream of Alaska. In the cargo h behind them, the children are sleeping. K-Mart stares at the dramatic arctic mountains that lie a Their ragged peaks reflected in the glass of the cockpit. the rest of the survivors, K-Mart is looking into an unce future. But one filled with new hope. A future Alice has given them.