12) 0) text: CARLOS OLIVERA is at the wheel. He wears the same combat fatigues as when we last met, but all the Umbrella patche been removed. Old allegiances he would like to forget. FREEZE FRAME —~
12) 1) dialog: 
12) 5) dialog: Quarter tank.
12) 7) dialog: Roger that. EXT. FREEWAY DAY. The Fire Truck advances to the head of the convoy as Vale Hummer drops back until it rides level with the Arco Tank For the first time we notice that the Tanker bears a Larg CADILLAC BADGE on the hood. Clearly stolen from another vehicle. 17. INT. HUMMER DAY. Valentine turns to K-Mart.
13) 2) dialog: Valentine ... Valentine ...
14) 2) dialog: You better hurry it up.
21) 9) dialog: Valentine! Without slowing the dirt bike, Carlos jams a Sentinel int ground. It's a pretty fancy move. Carlos is as good as yo get at this. We see that the wagon train is ringed with Sentinels.
21) 11) dialog: Always a pleasure Valentine. CLOSE ON -- another Sentinel as it is pounded into the gr
23) 0) text: Carlos pulls up on his dirt bike. Dismounts. A large RADI ANTENNA has been erected beside the News Truck. From with hear the voice of Mikey.
23) 3) dialog: Anything?
23) 5) dialog: ++. and the week before that. {pats Mikey on the back Don't worry. There'll be others. There has to be. But even as Carlos says it, the words sound hollow.
26) 0) text: Paco sits close to the embers of the dying fire. Not much left there, but the little dog is sucking up whatever rem The Journal lies open, to the page showing pictures of Ar Alice lies to one side, asleep. But it is a troubled slee CLOSE ON HER EYELIDS as we see the R.E.M. - frantic and b in intensity. ALICE'S DREAM -- we see fragments of her past. The very e RESIDENT EVIL: APOCALYPSE, Alice and the others (Carlos, Valentine, L,J. and Angie) escaping in the black SUV. Doc Isaacs telling his men to active "Programme Alice". Umbre controlled ALICE VISION (seeing through her eyes). Is Ali aware of Umbrella's control over her? Or is it buried dee within her subconscious, fighting to get out? (CONTINUED)
28) 4) dialog: Seems quiet. He checks the gas station for signs of life, but the door windows are all securely boarded up. There's no sign of U Carlos glances over his shoulder. The convoy is parked at distance. The people staring up a them. Waiting for a decision.
28) 5) dialog: (to Valentine) Your call ... EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP DAY. The Hummer pulls up at the outskirts of the truck stop. B a signpost telling the distance to Las Vegas, New York, P Rome, Tokyo, Peking, Timbuktu, the Moon etc. Valentine, Carlos, Sven and L.J. emerge. They are the adv party. Checking the coast is clear before the rest of the convoy enters town. INT. GAS STATION DAY. Valentine kicks open the door to the boarded up station. stench hits her immediately. And the flies. Everywhere. Valentine enters at the ready, gun in hand. The other han covers her nose and mouth. (CONTINUED)
29) 8) dialog: As they emerge from the Motel. Sven leans heavily on his friend. Suddenly his knees buckle.
32) 8) dialog: Sven! His friend lies on a gurney, hooked up to a drip. He still wears his distinctive Aviator Goggles around his neck.
32) 10) dialog: The Killer B fix you up?
32) 14) dialog: I'm sorry.
32) 17) dialog: (surprised) Fun?
32) 20) dialog: Ladies shoes.
42) 0) text: Carlos and Betty cover each other's backs as they blaze a But the Undead are almost impossible to stop. Even with g holes in them, they continue to advance. As Betty reloads Undead grabs her. Its teeth are at her throat in an insta Sven BURSTS from the back of the Ambulance, part of the g still dangling from his wrist. (CONTINUED)
42) 3) dialog: (shouting above the noise of battle) Burn them! The Undead before him staggers to its knees and then keel A blazing inferno.
42) 4) dialog: 
42) 6) dialog: We have to burn them!! Alice glances at the Fire Truck and its twin mounted flam throwers, but it is already overrun with Undead. No way t reach it. Carlos has identified a weakness in the Undead, they can't exploit it. The humans are cut off and surroun unable to get to the handful of blazing torches that the storm has left alight. (CONTINUED)
42) 9) dialog: Sven!
44) 1) dialog: Sven! But there is no reply. The Tanker remains in place, the e idling. The blazing Undead drawing ever closer. And it's alone. At any moment any one of the Undead could stagger the gasoline and set the whole Tanker afire. Sven has to the Tanker away from the encampment. But still it just si there. Engine idling. Carlos tries to break free, but he still battling the last few Undead.
44) 2) dialog: For God's Sake! Sven! CLOSE ON Alice -- as she hears Carlos calling out. She lo at the Tanker. Sees the gasoline, the blazing Undead, the imminent disaster. And with superhuman effort, she forces herself to her feet. Dodging past the fiery Undead, Alice to the tanker. CLOSE ON Carlos as he recognizes the running figure. We s excitement in his eyes. Alice is back!
46) 0) text: Paco and Sven hit the ground, the little dog rolling away the Undead. As Sven gets to his feet, he comes face to fa with his old friend - Carlos.
46) 1) dialog: I'm sorry ... Without hesitation Sven lunges for the fresh meat, and Ca shoots his friend neatly between the eyes. IN SLOW MOTION Sven's body falls away from Carlos, the two figures are s silhouetted by a WALL OF FIRE that ERUPTS behind them. A burning Undead has connected with the lake of gasoline. T Undead is vaporized in an instant, Carlos watches in horror as the fire races after the Tank
51) 1) dialog: Alice!!! Carlos watches helplessly as the Tanker is torn apart in EXPLOSION. The faces in the School Bus window duck as the is sprayed with burning droplets of gasoline. They survived. Just. The burning drops of gasoline crack the glass of the scho and eat into the rubber trim around it. A small detail, b will be significant later. CLOSE ON Carlos -- as he shields himself from the searing of the explosion. When he looks up, there is nothing much of the tanker or the cab. HOLD on Carlos - thinking he has lost Alice for good, Then, a miracle -- from the wall of flame walks Alice. Cl and skin, scorched and burnt. But still alive. Delighted, Carlos wraps her up in a bear like embrace.
51) 2) dialog: I thought you were dead. CLOSE ON Alice -- we see her joy at reuniting with Carlos there's something else. Under the surface. An awkwardness It's been a long time since she was even with people, nev physical contact. Carlos looks around at the devastation.
51) 3) dialog: Well, I'll say one thing for you ... Burning debris from the Tanker is still raining down ever
51) 4) dialog: ... You still know how to make an entrance. (CONTINUED)
51) 11) dialog: Be seeing you ...
53) 42) dialog: Maybe ... So far, Carlos has been silent. Now all eyes are on him.
53) 46) dialog: ++, that's exactly what they need.
53) 48) dialog: Look at them Jill. Six months ago there were fifty of us. Then forty- five. Now barely thirty. We see SHOTS of members of the convoy. They are all extre tired. Exhausted by the constant movement, the constant b
53) 49) dialog: They're starting to give up. They need some hope.
55) 5) dialog: We already pumped the storage tanks dry. When we lost the tanker, we lost everything.
55) 9) dialog: L.Jd.? Lid. I don't even have empty. I got fumes + vapor ... (sniffs the air) Parfum de gasoline.
55) 10) dialog: So these are our options. Carlos unrolls a map. Places it on the hood of the News T Points to a nearby gas station.
55) 11) dialog: Nearest, safest bet is here. Alice shakes her head.
55) 13) dialog: Then here. Alice shakes her head.
55) 14) dialog: Maybe ... One look from Alice and he moves on.
55) 17) dialog: There's a reason for that. Vegas is too damn dangerous. Lg. It's lousy with them mothers.
58) 0) text: Alice rides in the Flat Bed Truck. She has customized the nurse's outfit with leather shoulder holsters and bandoli spare ammo. K-Mart rides with Alice. Carlos is at the whe Alice looks down. Between her feet there is a GAPING HOLE can see the asphalt racing by.
60) 2) dialog: You ever think we're the freaks?
60) 4) dialog: That we are the anomalies .,, the last of the dinosaurs. We fucked up our world, and so the world fucked us back. He stares at the mass of Undead as they race past. Men, w children. Black, White, Asian. Everyone is represented.
60) 5) dialog: Look at them. This is their world now. We don't belong here. (CONTINUED)
60) 11) dialog: Why did you disappear? After Detroit. Carlos tries to keep it hidden. But he clearly still harb feelings for Alice.
60) 13) dialog: And after the World ended, why stay out there? Alone.
60) 15) dialog: Could you be more evasive?
60) 20) dialog: Why can't you talk to me about this?
71) 2) dialog: How do you know they're territorial? (CONTINUED)
71) 6) dialog: (looks up) I hope they know that.
73) 4) dialog: The children ... Get them over here!! INT. SCHOOL BUS — CONTINUOUS An adult shepherds the kids towards the open back door. T are terrified of staying in the bus, but even more terrif going outside. Behind them, the windshield is giving way. and the others can't hold it in place much longer.
73) 5) dialog: Hurry!
74) 0) text: One by one, the children begin to make the terrifying cro between the two vehicles. Carlos catching them as they ju across. The crows circle menacingly above.
76) 4) dialog: Floor it! K-Mart hits the gas as Carlos slams the truck door. Sever crows impact with the door, breaking their bones, but cra the glass. Alice holds a weeping, traumatized child in he arms. Behind them --
85) 5) dialog: He lowers his binoculars.
85) 6) dialog: Nothing. There's no sign of life. Living or (un)dead. Just the occasional bleached skeleton half buried in the sand.
88) 0) text: A distance from the Valet, Alice and Carlos stand perched Ponte dei Sospiri, binoculars in hand. Carlos scans the S Alice takes the sky.
89) 12) dialog: (worried) I heard that, The very echo of the scream sends a chill through them. A and Carlos share a look. A sudden noise over the walkie m them jump --
90) 0) text: Carlos is at the wheel. Alice stares up at the deserted buildings suspiciously. K-Mart sees the way Alice's hand unconsciously over the breech of the 12 gauge. There's trouble coming.
91) 6) dialog: I'm sure a lot of shit went down here when the city was over~run.
95) 5) dialog: Ease off! Ease it off! K-Mart does as she's told and Carlos kneels down to inspe winch. The other two cables take up the strain, but sudde one of them begins to fray with the extra load.
98) 0) text: Carlos is in trouble. Trapped in a nightmarish tight spac with two Undead clawing their way up his legs, their mout inches from his flesh. One rears up and prepares to take out of his calf, when -- (CONTINUED)
101) 4) text: She never sees Mikey again, just the Undead -- tearing at of clothing, morsels of flesh, their fingers and mouths s with blood. These creatures have a savagery we've never witnessed before. Valentine watches distraught and powerless. Undead charge truck and Valentine is forced to close the door. Undead S against the Flat Bed, smearing the glass with their newly handprints. A body SLAMMING against the opposite side of the cab jolt Valentine out of it. It's Carlos. Valentine quickly unloc the door, throwing it open. (CONTINUED)
113) 0) text: The convoy has parked up at the outskirts of Las Vegas. Silhouetted against a blood red sky, a single cross marks Carlos' grave. The others turn and walk back to their veh but Alice remains. Impassive. Staring at the cross, Someone has hung Carlos’ dog tags over the rough wooden c As the others climb back into their vehicles, and Alice i finally alone, emotion comes flooding across her face. Te roll down her cheeks as she reaches down and takes the do from the cross. In the midst of all the horror, this was the man she was to. And now he's gone. The tears are almost uncontrollable. The repressed emotio years of leadership, years of strength, finally given ven