10) 12) dialog: I don't smoke.
22) 10) dialog: Must have been an air blockage. The sudden jolt dislodged it .... caused the gauge to drop... {glances at L.J.) «+. like a motherfucker. (shrugs) Gave us a true reading.
32) 0) text: CLOSE ON STEVEN SEAGAL as he dislocates someone's shoulde before slamming their head into a Coke machine. The chunk warrior is playing on the DRIVE IN screen. The whole conv here watching. A contented L.J. is sipping on a beer and sitting with K-Mart. They are watching from the comfort o abandoned convertible.
32) 5) dialog: And a Coke! K-Mart turns back to the screen. Watches Seagal.
32) 6) dialog: This guy is stupid. L.J. (clearly a fan) He could kick your ass.
32) 7) dialog: He could eat my ass. INT. AMBULANCE NIGHT. Carlos stops by the Ambulance just as B is leaving. 43. After a beat - Carlos nods to her and the two exchange a glance. Her look says it al Sven is in a bad way.
32) 29) dialog: Not really.
40) 0) text: L.J. reacts to the gunfire. The noise of the movie can no longer mask the sound of real gunshots. He pushes K-Mart him for protection and reaches for his signature .45s. In the car beside L.J., the two occupants are suddenly gr by the Undead. Caught completely off guard, they are TORN in an instant. L.J. opens fire. In the blink of an eye, i seems like there are Undead everywhere.
53) 1) dialog: I heard about you. K-Mart is sharing the shade with her. Alice prepares to i this minor nuisance,
53) 2) dialog: They said you were dead. A flicker of a smile crosses Alice's face.
53) 3) dialog: What?
53) 6) dialog: Gave it to you last night. For luck.
53) 11) dialog: K-Mart. It's where they found me. Jill and the other ... few years back.
53) 13) dialog: Never liked it. And everyone I knew was dead ... seemed like the time for a change. ANGLE ON -- the kids in the school bus. A half dozen eage faces staring at Alice in awe. They duck out of sight whe looks their way.
53) 15) dialog: They didn't think you were real. The kids tell stories about you at night. Like you're Shrek or Dracula ... something like that. Despite herself, Alice is warming to K-Mart.
53) 17) dialog: Really? What happened to her?
53) 19) dialog: (shrugs) Hope you don't make the same mistake twice. ANGLE ON -- Alice's shadow as she and K~Mart talk. The su moving rapidly across the sky and Alice's shadow is shift creeping out from the shade of the porch and onto the des sand.
58) 0) text: Alice rides in the Flat Bed Truck. She has customized the nurse's outfit with leather shoulder holsters and bandoli spare ammo. K-Mart rides with Alice. Carlos is at the whe Alice looks down. Between her feet there is a GAPING HOLE can see the asphalt racing by.
58) 2) dialog: What's Vegas like?
58) 4) dialog: Now?
61) 0) text: K-Mart stares in awe at the remnants of the buried city.
65) 0) text: K-Mart stares at the surrounding buildings. Tension mount
68) 1) dialog: What's with all the birds? Alice looks up and sees the crows. Notices a human skelet half buried in the desert sand. Suddenly realizes --
80) 0) text: K-Mart glances in the rear view. Looking back at the scho bus, horrified.
85) 2) dialog: E'll get it started. (CONTINUED)
90) 0) text: Carlos is at the wheel. Alice stares up at the deserted buildings suspiciously. K-Mart sees the way Alice's hand unconsciously over the breech of the 12 gauge. There's trouble coming.
96) 0) text: Valentine slams the door closed behind her, just as two U IMPACT with the cab. They hit so hard, they leave dents i bodywork. Their hands PUNCH at the windows desperate to b Valentine yells to K-Mart.
112) 4) dialog: Are you okay?
114) 1) dialog: (concerned) Alice .... But Alice just walks past her.
116) 1) dialog: Jill, you can't .,., K-Mart is on the verge of tears.
117) 0) text: The Canola Oil Tanker races across the desert flats at to speed. Headed for the weather station. The Hummer pulls l Alice and K-Mart ride within. The rest of the convoy foll behind. Alice salutes Valentine.
130) 0) text: Everyone is onboard except Alice. She stands OUTSIDE the helicopter, caught in the downdraft. She hands the Red Jo to K-Mart. (CONTINUED)
130) 4) dialog: You're not coming? Alice shakes her head. She glances at the Undead - they'r getting close - then nods to Betty 4n the cockpit.
134) 0) text: K-Mart watches through the open door as Alice slowly rece into the distance. A lone woman with only a small dog for company. She cuts a mythic figure.
154) 0) text: Betty is at the controls. Confident now. K-Mart sits besi her. She grips the Red Journal in her hands. Open to the pictures of Arcadia - the dream of Alaska. In the cargo h behind them, the children are sleeping. K-Mart stares at the dramatic arctic mountains that lie a Their ragged peaks reflected in the glass of the cockpit. the rest of the survivors, K-Mart is looking into an unce future. But one filled with new hope. A future Alice has given them.
155) 0) text: Desolate streets overrun with the Undead. A reminder of t nightmarish life that K-Mart and the others have left beh The Camera sinks beneath the earth, passing through the s and the subway until we discover --