13) 0) text: By this time, L.J. has clambered from the cab of the Arco onto the top of the tank itself. There is a makeshift fue mounted on the roof. L.J. (shouting to be heard above the wind)
14) 7) dialog: This ain't right!!! He bashes the fuel gauge, but still the needle keeps fall Cur To: EXT. WEATHER STATION DAY. Beside the Weather Station, a sand colored camouflage net two large cargo HELICOPTERS. Both bear the distinctive bl paintwork and logos of the Umbrella Corporation. In the distance, an ever growing army of the Undead press agains perimeter fence. The Camera sinks beneath the ground the reveal --
29) 0) text: Valentine exits in a hurry. She can’t wait to gulp in the desert air. She meets L.J. on her way out.
32) 0) text: CLOSE ON STEVEN SEAGAL as he dislocates someone's shoulde before slamming their head into a Coke machine. The chunk warrior is playing on the DRIVE IN screen. The whole conv here watching. A contented L.J. is sipping on a beer and sitting with K-Mart. They are watching from the comfort o abandoned convertible.
40) 0) text: L.J. reacts to the gunfire. The noise of the movie can no longer mask the sound of real gunshots. He pushes K-Mart him for protection and reaches for his signature .45s. In the car beside L.J., the two occupants are suddenly gr by the Undead. Caught completely off guard, they are TORN in an instant. L.J. opens fire. In the blink of an eye, i seems like there are Undead everywhere.
67) 0) text: L.J. sees a dozen crows perched on another pole. Then sti more nestled in a smashed window frame. Even more resting the roof of a burnt out car. They are everywhere. L.J. What the fuck .... And there aren't dozens of crows, there are hundreds of t perhaps thousands.
86) 0) text: The convoy is back on the move, the tanker now in tow. Th headed deeper into the heart of Las Vegas. INT. AMBULANCE DAY. L.J. stares at the abandoned Strip. The centre divider is with the dead husks of palm trees. Lid. There!! He points to the Piazza San Marco and what remains of the Venetian Casino. Its waterways are long since choked with its gondolas beached and useless.
86) 1) dialog: There. There's a gas pump in there. Between the dunes, the entrance to Valet Parking (under t Ponte dei Sospiri) remains accessible.
89) 8) dialog: A man gotta have his principles. EXT, VENETIAN CASINO - PONTE DEI SOSPIRI DAY. Carlos and Alice on watch. They are at a distance from th group. Isolated. Vulnerable. CLOSE ON -~ Paco, Sitting at Alice's side. He sniffs the sensing something? His hackles raise. After a moment Alice catches a feint noise bouncing off t deserted buildings -~- the clatter of rotor blades?
94) 0) text: The front of Mikey's truck is fitted with a winch. Valent pulls the metal towing hook free and begins to unspool th cable. Alice already has a similar hook and cable from the front Flat Bed. In the background, L.J. and Betty are doing the same with Ambulance. This freight container is big, and it's going need the power of all three vehicles to move it.
97) 0) text: Betty has almost made it to the Ambulance when an Undead her, sending her sprawling to the ground. The Undead is o of her immediately, rearing up, ready to take a bite, whe BAM!!! It is hit in the head by the Ambulance door openin The door hits with such force it staves in the Undead's s L.Jd. reaches down to drag Betty to safety. L.dJ. (all smiles) "I'm here to help ...." Even in the midst of such chaos, L.J. is still the ladies
128) 0) text: Betty sits at the controls. There's so many of them, Over the rotor blades fire into life and begin to revolve. L.J. That's it girl! (leans over her shoulder) Knew you could do it!
136) 0) text: Alice, Paco and L.J. drop down the shaft from the Weather Station. They are riding on the Hydraulic Platform. Numbe painted on the concrete walls let them know that they are feet underground.
137) 0) text: The platform comes to rest in the natural rock cave. As b the place is littered with vehicles and high-tech equipme Only now, there is no sign of life. Alice and L.J. cautiously walk the concrete road leading large set of Blast Doors. The entrance to The Complex is and unguarded, Alice and L.J. share a look, then draw the guns.
138) 5) dialog: There .... The left hand corridor has a trail of blood splashed alon floor. Like a body was dragged. As they draw closer, there are multiple bloody handprints walls. Evidence of a fight.
138) 6) dialog: What happened here?
139) 0) text: Alice enters the darkened room. The light fittings are sm There are bullet holes in the walls. Blood everywhere, bu bodies. One of the light fittings is still swinging, giving the s a menacing life of their own. L.J. follows Alice into the The eeriness of the place getting to him. Even Paco is restless. Alice nudges L.J., scaring the life out of him. L.J. What? She points up. There are holes in the ceiling, exposing ventilation shafts. There are bloody marks all over them, someone or something had dragged the bodies UP into the s SUDDENLY there is MOVEMENT behind them. Taking both L.J. Alice by surprise. L.d. turns, firing on instinct. But the bullet goes STRAIGHT THROUGH his target. It is a HOLOGRAM of the White Queen that has suddenly app floating over the long table.
139) 2) text: L.J. turns 107.
140) 0) text: Alice and L.J. stand at a thick steel blast door which se corridor. “LEVEL 7” is stencilled on it. The White Queen appears on a FLAT SCREEN computer console by the door.
141) 0) text: We see Alice and L.J. outlined in the doorway as the blas slides up. It's pitch black in here, As they step over the threshold --
142) 0) text: Alice and L.J. make their way through a pitch black labyr Whatever Isaacs has mutated into, clearly it doesn't need lights. (CONTINUED)
143) 2) dialog: We're already in the mainframe. He begins to tap at the computer keys. L.d. (CONT'D) (surprised) Shit!!! The keypad is covered in sticky, bloody fingerprints.
143) 4) dialog: And look at this. These motherfuckers even got files on us. (CONTINUED)
143) 7) dialog: Like we're “America's Most Wanted". L.J. proudly pulls up his own file. He is instantly horri to see his Threat Level -- It is MINIMAL/ZERO.
143) 8) dialog: (outraged) Minimal/Zero! MINIMAL/ZERO! What is this shiti!!! I'ma badass motherfucker! I ain't no minimal/zero! But Alice isn't listening.
143) 12) dialog: Right.
144) 1) dialog: What was that?
145) 2) dialog: 
145) 3) dialog: He's up ahead. On your left. No wait But it's hard to tell through the confusion of glass and where exactly the movement originates. L.Jd. (O.S.) (CONT'D) No ... No ... Your right.
145) 5) dialog: The right. Suddenly there is movement BEHIND her. Alice turns, weapo the ready. But there's nothing there. We are starting to the feeling that perhaps Alice is no longer the hunter. That something is stalking her.
145) 7) dialog: I can't tell .... I think .... Without warning, Isaacs is upon her. He moves with inhuma speed. Strikes with unnatural strength. (CONTINUED)
152) 0) text: L.J. watches the live video feed of the Isaacs/Tyrant fal the floor in a hundred fleshy pieces, In front of him the computer flashes -- LASER SYSTEM DEACTIVATED. L.J. had caused the whole thing. He high fives himself. L.J. Minimal/zero my ass!!!