21) 0) text: The convoy has parked up for the night. At a rest stop in middle of nowhere. The safest place to he. The vehicles are circled Old West style - like a wagon tr and the perimeter is lit by a blazing torches. It's our f but it could also be 100 years in the past. INT. NEWS TRUCK NIGHT. The interior of the news truck has been modified to act a convoy's COMMAND AND CONTROL CENTRE. It is packed with ra equipment and TV monitors. An amiable geek, a computer sa in his previous life, sits at the controls. He's called M ~ MIKEY to his friends - and everyone here is his friend. in his early twenties, and we get the feeling that he lik new life a whole lot more than his old one. (CONTINUED)
21) 4) dialog: Almost done.
22) 0) text: Mikey's systems suddenly leap into life. TV screens and computer read-outs pulse with new energy.
22) 1) dialog: Last sentinel in place. Perimeter up and running. All motion sensors on- line ... Cameras 100 percent. From his command post, Mikey can see every inch of the pe thanks to the infra-red cameras mounted on the Sentinels. motion sensors will also let him know if anything invades space. MIKEY (CONT‘D) We're secure. EXT, REST STOP NIGHT. Valentine steps from the News Truck. The camp is already with activity. Cooking fires being set. People stretching after so long on the road. There must be forty people in All ages. All backgrounds. All held together by the despe hunger for survival. As Valentine walks through the camp, we see that everyone her, everyone respects her. She is their leader, their sa Valentine passes the mobile GENERATOR which provides elec to the camp. A YOUNG WOMAN in a HELLO KITTY top is fillin from a gas can. She spills a little of the gasoline. The precious fuel dripping onto the desert floor.
23) 0) text: Carlos pulls up on his dirt bike. Dismounts. A large RADI ANTENNA has been erected beside the News Truck. From with hear the voice of Mikey.
23) 1) dialog: This is Jill Valentine's convoy, broadcasting for any survivors ... anybedy out there? Broadcasting for any survivors ... Anybody out there? INT. NEWS TRUCK NIGHT. Mikey is trawling the frequencies as Carlos enters the tr
23) 2) dialog: Broadcasting for any survivors ... Come back.
23) 4) dialog: Static. Same as last week, and the week before that ...
24) 0) text: CLOSE ON the radio strapped to the side of Alice's Firebl The sound is turned down, but we still hear the feint voi Mikey.
24) 1) dialog: This is Jill Valentine's convoy. Present location, Arizona border. Lat. 44.2 Long. 71.2. Calling any survivors ... Our present location is Alice turns the radio OFF. WIDEN to reveal that Alice has camp. Just her and Paco. (CONTINUED)
32) 22) dialog: This is Jill Valentine's Convoy ... Present location The Desert Trail Truck Stop, Latitude 44.3 Long. 72.1. Calling any survivors ... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
32) 25) dialog: Repeat, this is Jill Valentine's Convoy ... Our present location is ... Valentine notices an empty Coke can skitter across the gr The burning torches which illuminate the camp are also ca the sudden wind. One of them is even extinguished,
32) 27) dialog: Jill.
36) 0) text: Mikey replies over the radio, unaware that Valentine is i trouble. The control board before him is suddenly alive w activity.
36) 1) dialog: There's something incoming! A second, then a third Sentinel sets off it's alarm.
36) 2) dialog: Something Big! Mikey grabs a SHOTGUN from a rack on the wall. He bursts the News Truck to see --
37) 4) dialog: Oh shit!!! Mikey fires at the first of the Undead. Half its head DISINTEGRATES. There is no blood or fleshy brain, just dr desiccated tissue. AND THE UNDEAD JUST KEEPS WALKING. Hal head gone, but it's still moving!
53) 38) dialog: (hopeful) These transmissions ...
55) 6) dialog: I've got a half tank .... That's it. oTTo We're running on empty. (CONTINUED)
94) 0) text: The front of Mikey's truck is fitted with a winch. Valent pulls the metal towing hook free and begins to unspool th cable. Alice already has a similar hook and cable from the front Flat Bed. In the background, L.J. and Betty are doing the same with Ambulance. This freight container is big, and it's going need the power of all three vehicles to move it.
100) 2) dialog: Come on!! Come on!!! But the back wheels just dig themselves deeper into the s Undead SLAM against the window. Mikey jumps in terror. Th Undead are all around the News Truck. Hands and feet beat against the vehicle. CRACKING what should be bullet proof glass. Some are even using bits of metal or wood as primi tools, trying to pry open the doors. These things are intelligent, and they're strong. And they want in. Mikey's suddenly very scared. He looks desperately into t back of the truck. 88.
101) 0) text: The back doors fly open. One slams into an advancing UNDE NURSE, knocking her to the ground. Mikey flies out of the like the devil himself were in pursuit. But a second late falls, the Nurse's hand around his ankle. Mikey looks up more Undead closing in. Mikey scrambles to his feet and runs. Leaving a shoe in t Nurse's clutches.
101) 3) dialog: as he sees Valentine push the Undead from the truck. Mike races towards her. There is a whole army of Undead in pur He has almost made it, but at the last second an Undead l from behind a half buried Gondola and knocks Mikey off hi Valentine shoots it immediately, but Mikey has lost too m time. A wave of Undead breaks upon him, and in an instant hidden from view.
101) 4) text: She never sees Mikey again, just the Undead -- tearing at of clothing, morsels of flesh, their fingers and mouths s with blood. These creatures have a savagery we've never witnessed before. Valentine watches distraught and powerless. Undead charge truck and Valentine is forced to close the door. Undead S against the Flat Bed, smearing the glass with their newly handprints. A body SLAMMING against the opposite side of the cab jolt Valentine out of it. It's Carlos. Valentine quickly unloc the door, throwing it open. (CONTINUED)