6) 12) text: Alice draws her weapon of choice (under-over 12 Gauge, sa belt fed, inlaid with mother-of-pearl) and heads deeper i TV Station. INT. TV STATION - BASEMENT DAY. Paco hits the bottom of the stairs and sniffs the air. It labyrinth down here, further complicated by an endless ta wires and cables. Paco cautiously heads off into the dark INT. TV STATION - STUDIO DAY. Alice crosses the abandoned news studio. The place is a m Posters promoting Howard Stern and the Teletubbies hang o wall smeared with blood. This isn't a smart place to be. It's claustrophobic, it's and there could be anything hiding here. Overlooking the studio is the CONTROL BOOTH where the dir would sit. There are no lights on in the booth, but Alice senses a figure up there, watching through the glass. She the hammer back on the 12 Gauge and takes the stairs lead to the booth. INT. TV STATION - BASEMENT DAY. Paco stops at an intersection. A tattered poster hangs pe from the wall. It advertises "K-9 The Movie". JIM BELUSHI stares at his dog as the tag line proclaims -- "One's jus little smarter than the other." If it means anything to Paco, he doesn't let it show. He moves on into the darkness. INT. TV STATION - CONTROL BOOTH DAY. Alice approaches the FIGURE in the booth. It is sitting i high backed chair, hunched over the control panel. The Fi doesn't move, but seems to be muttering to itself. Alice approaches cautiously, her hand reaching for the back of swivel chair.... INT, TV STATION ~ BASEMENT DAY. Paco stops, hearing a sound. Up ahead, something moves. Something big. INT. TV STATION - CONTROL BOOTH DAY. Alice, gun at the ready, turns the swivel chair to reveal (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: The adults on board grab their guns and head out. Otto lo the door behind them, to protect the handful of children remain. He draws his gun. Despite his stoner appearance O still knows his way around a Magnum.
68) 6) dialog: Okay .... You heard the lady! The occupants of the school bus - a half dozen kids and t adults ~ hasten to do as they are told.
71) 9) dialog: Help me! The other adults in the bus rush to help him. They hold t windshield in place and the tide of crows in check. Just.
75) 0) text: The windshield finally gives way. The bus is suddenly fil with flapping wings and bloody, tearing beaks. Otto and t other adults are engulfed.
77) 0) text: Otto leaps from the stricken bus, but there are a dozen b already on him. By the time he has hit the ground we can see him. He is a heaving mass of ravenous crows.