5) 2) text: The gurney triggers a CONCEALED TRAP. A viciously sharp W slices across the corridor, cutting the metal gurney clea half. It would have done the same to Alice. Alice steps carefully around the trap and accidentally tr a second device. A JUMPING JACK MINE which EXPLODES at chest height. Alice looks down to see blood spreading across her red dr After a moment of surprise she falls backwards DEAD. As Alice's blood pools around her, UMBRELLA SCIENTISTS ap from concealed doorways along the length of the corridor. had been watching all along. The Scientists wear Haz-Mat with mirrored visors. CLOSE ON -- one mirrored visor. We see dead Alice reflect it. Then the Scientist pulls off the visor to reveal -- D ISAACS, the creator of "Programme Alice" from RESIDENT EV APOCALYPSE. He stares down at the body in disgust.
31) 0) text: A Spartan room attached to Isaacs' laboratory. The only furniture is a metal table and chair. The Raiders Undead on the chair. His arms are attached by metal cuffs and ch to fastening points in the floor, But there is enough sla the chains to allow him to stand if he wished. Doctor Isaacs, another SCIENTIST and a LAB TECH stand ove Undead. Strangely the Undead does not seem disturbed by t presence. He makes no attempt to attack them. Instead he focussed on the items placed on the table before him. The things from everyday life -- A digital camera. A cell phone. A child's toy. The Raiders Undead goes for the cell phone first. He pick up with surprising dexterity. Regards it for a moment, th holds it to his ear.
31) 1) dialog: Amazing. He knows what it is. (CONTINUED)
31) 6) dialog: {loud} My God. The sudden noise causes the Undead to look up. The Scient takes a half step back. Suddenly afraid.
31) 10) dialog: It's a miracle. The serum works. You've domesticated them. You've done it. But as the men of science congratulate one another, they notice that the Undead is having some difficulties. He is trying to fit the triangular piece into the circular hole (CONTINUED)