27) 1) dialog: Doctor Isaacs ... A small holographic representation of the White Queen, 8 in height, hovers over a purpose built pad beside Isaacs! computer. She is the same little girl as always.
27) 5) dialog: Another test subject has failed the training floor.
27) 7) dialog: At the laser grid.
27) 9) dialog: Shall I ready another?
27) 11) dialog: This will be the eighty~seventh,
27) 13) dialog: (emotionless) I was merely making an cbservation. Isaacs looks at the video image of the Glass Corridor. UM TECHS are now present. They stand over the remains of the latest Alice Clone.
139) 0) text: Alice enters the darkened room. The light fittings are sm There are bullet holes in the walls. Blood everywhere, bu bodies. One of the light fittings is still swinging, giving the s a menacing life of their own. L.J. follows Alice into the The eeriness of the place getting to him. Even Paco is restless. Alice nudges L.J., scaring the life out of him. L.J. What? She points up. There are holes in the ceiling, exposing ventilation shafts. There are bloody marks all over them, someone or something had dragged the bodies UP into the s SUDDENLY there is MOVEMENT behind them. Taking both L.J. Alice by surprise. L.d. turns, firing on instinct. But the bullet goes STRAIGHT THROUGH his target. It is a HOLOGRAM of the White Queen that has suddenly app floating over the long table.
139) 1) dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. As before, the White Queen has the appearance, voice and patterns of a small child. But her words are those of a powerful Artificial Intelligence. L.J. What the fuck are you? (CONTINUED)
139) 5) dialog: My sister computer was merely following the most logical path for the preservation of human life.
139) 7) dialog: Put simply, that was her goal.
139) 9) dialog: We cannot control the vagaries of human behavior. L.J. What happened down here?
139) 10) dialog: Doctor Isaacs returned in an infected State. He was bitten by a creature that had been treated with a newly developed serum. (nods to Alice) A serum derived from your blood. The resulting infection has caused massive mutation.
139) 12) dialog: Your blood has bonded with the T~ virus. Doctor Isaacs correctly deduced that it could be used to reverse the process of infection. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
139) 15) dialog: To cure or destroy the biohazard for good. L.g. Her blood is the cure for all this?
139) 16) dialog: Correct. Led. (to Alice) Aren't you special.
139) 18) dialog: Like my sister, I was programmed to preserve human life. My satellites show that there are 1,733,548 human survivors still alive on the surface of the Earth. Your blood is pure, and this facility contains all the laboratory equipment you will require to synthesize a cure,
139) 20) dialog: Correct. Led. Goddamn!!!
139) 21) dialog: There is however .... She chooses her next words carefully.
139) 22) dialog: +e.s. @ Small problem.
140) 0) text: Alice and L.J. stand at a thick steel blast door which se corridor. “LEVEL 7” is stencilled on it. The White Queen appears on a FLAT SCREEN computer console by the door.
140) 4) dialog: I have him contained on the lower levels, but this is where the laboratories are located. L.J. Great.
140) 5) dialog: Once you cross the threshold I cannot help you. He altered my protocols, locking me out from this level.
141) 1) dialog: Alice .... (beat) +++- Good luck. Alice nods and steps into the darkness. L.J. follows behi L.J. (to Alice) I don't get good luck? (then to himself) Shit, I don't need good luck. (warming to his theme) Too damn good to need luck ....