8) 2) dialog: Right, just go up and turn their lights out in half an hour.
8) 4) dialog: I’m just helping her out tonight - she’s short staffed. The painting flashes up on TV, depicting bloody biblical carnage.
8) 6) dialog: So I'll be back before midnight. Okay? PHILOMENA doesn’t respond. JANE (cont'd) Mum? JANE sees her mother is looking down at something in her hands.
8) 8) dialog: Mother? She sees PHILOMENA is clutching a small, old, black and w photo with serrated edges. She is late for work but begin sense something is badly wrong. JANE (cont'd) What is it mum? What’s the matter? PHILOMENA looks up at JANE, tears in her eyes. JANE nods the photo. JANE (cont'd) What's that? PHILOMENA’S hands start to shake as, slowly, she holds it
8) 10) dialog: (Beat) Who?
12) 25) dialog: It’s just red or white.
12) 27) dialog: I hope you don’t mind me asking but didn't you used to be a reporter on News At Ten?
12) 29) dialog: I know a woman, you see, and she had a baby when she was a teenager and she kept it a secret for fifty years - we only found out about it today. And the baby was taken from her by these nuns and they made her have it adopted. And she kept it a secret all this time... (Beat) It’s my mother.
12) 31) dialog: Would that be of any interest you to you - that kind of thing?
12) 33) dialog: What about?
12) 35) dialog: Why not? He sees, at the other end of the kitchen, SALLY MITCHELL, DAVID and KEITH laughing with some other GUESTS.
12) 37) text: MARTIN (cont'd) Not that you are and, um, I hope you find him... He takes his wine and walks off, taking a swig. JANE look totally nonplussed.
17) 0) text: CLOSE UP on an overweight mobile phone SALESMAN picking through some ribs. Amongst other lunch time customers, al whom are very probably not interested in Russian history, FIND MARTIN standing waiting in the reception area, watch with faint disgust as the phone SALESMAN licks his finger MARTIN looks out of the entrance doors, his face reflecte the glass. He looks at his watch, ponders on why he’s her and not at all sure it’s a good idea. He glances out of t doors again... and he sees her. PHILOMENA, walking across car park towards him, JANE by her side. His ghostly reflection in the glass is super-imposed over her for a moment... Curiosity aroused, he strains to get a good look - but ge only intermittent glimpses as a couple cars drive past on their way out of the car park. He notes she’s dressed sma - presumably for his benefit - and looks nervous. As she finally enters the restaurant he smiles and steps forward greet her:
17) 4) dialog: I’m just glad you managed to track me down. Hope you didn’t mind meeting here but it’s mum’s favourite.
17) 11) dialog: He’s just joking mum.
17) 13) dialog: Shall we get some salad?
21) 0) text: PHILOMENA, now at the table with MARTIN and JANE, holds t same photo, the one Jane saw her clutching the night she finally confessed all, now in a small leather case. PHILO passes it to MARTIN, who studies it.
33) 0) text: MARTIN and JANE watch PHILOMENA, spellbound. MARTIN has a open and has been making notes as they talk.
33) 2) dialog: I think what they did to you was evil.
33) 6) dialog: It was a breech birth and they wouldn't even give her painkillers. 29.
33) 8) dialog: You can try, maybe you’1ll have more luck than mum’s had.
33) 11) dialog: No.
33) 14) dialog: I’m taking mum to Ireland next week for a few days - why don’t you come along with us and you can visit Roscrea with her?
37) 0) text: MARTIN negotiates a bend and enters the village of Birr. little High Street is typically Irish, the shop fronts painted in bright blues, oranges, pinks and turquoises. A cross-roads beside Molloy’s Bar, obviously a prearranged rendezvous point, stand PHILOMENA and JANE. He pulls up alongside them and JANE opens the door.
37) 1) dialog: Hello Martin.
37) 5) dialog: Are you sure you don’t want me to come with you mum? 31. See MARTIN, slightly panic-stricken.
37) 9) dialog: I’ve put some things in your bag. PHILOMENA starts to look through her bag, pulling out a packet Custard Creams and a tube of Tunes. JANE (cont'd) Good luck, I’1l see you tonight. (Smiles for MARTIN) Thanks Martin. MARTIN returns the smile, JANE shuts the door. He pulls a
43) 0) text: MARTIN moves on to a Hollywood publicity photo of the mov star Jane Russell, busty and glamorous, looking incongruo amongst the faded pictures of nuns and children. The phot signed: ‘With much love’. On MARTIN, puzzled.
53) 0) text: JANE walks in to the bar to find MARTIN and PHILOMENA sit on stools at the bar, looking a little glum. She has a sh in front of her, he a pint of Guinness - both almost finished.
53) 1) dialog: How did it go?
53) 3) dialog: (Laughs ) Just tea and cake then. That’s all they’ve ever given mum.
53) 6) dialog: No more please - it’s past your bedtime.
53) 8) dialog: Mum!
56) 0) text: PHILOMENA, MARTIN and JANE sit at a table having breakfas MARTIN, now in full-on journalist mode, has his laptop op and consults an A4 pad full of scrawled notes.
56) 2) dialog: Customers? What do you mean?
56) 4) dialog: (Outraged) But... that’s appalling.
56) 6) dialog: They were making money out of him! A beat; they’re all silent for a moment. MARTIN takes a b of his soda bread.
56) 8) dialog: Sending you round in circles!
56) 10) text: MARTIN (cont'd) The stumbling block, of course, is that I can only get so far doing things on your behalf Philomena. But as you’re his mother, they are duty bound to provide you with the information. Silence. PHILOMENA and JANE absorb this for a few moments
56) 11) dialog: Are you suggesting my mother goes to America with you?
56) 13) dialog: (Turning to PHILOMENA) How would you feel about that, going to America?
56) 16) dialog: I could come with you if you like?