1) 4) dialog: 
7) 1) dialog: You looking for something? YOUNG PHILOMENA turns to see JOHN, early 20s, with a gro his FRIENDS by a beer tent, smiling at her.
7) 3) dialog: I haven’t seen yous any place. Where are you from? JOHN follows her past the brightly coloured stalls, still cradling his glass of beer. JOHN (cont'd) Are you from Limerick then? YOUNG PHILOMENA stops by a hoop-la, excited by the attent but trying to play it - at least a little - cool. JOHN (cont'd) Here have a drink of my beer. He holds out his beer. She shakes her head. JOHN (cont'd) Go on take it - what’s the matter with you. She relents, takes the glass from him and takes a swig. S doesn’t like the taste. JOHN (cont'd) I like your dress. Did you make it yourself?
7) 5) dialog: Sure I’m not strange. Look at yer man over there... He nods to a ruddy-faced man, early 20s, (DECLAN), his an swinger trousers tied up with string, buying a toffee app from a stall and looking at his purchase with reverence. JOHN (cont'd) Has a rope for a belt. He should put some jam on his shoes and invite his trousers down for tea. YOUNG PHILOMENA giggles. JOHN (cont'd) That’s who your auntie was talking about.
7) 7) dialog: You want a toffee apple? (Calls out) Declan! DECLAN looks over, smiles, revealing one and a half teeth JOHN (cont'd) Come over here. DECLAN, a simple soul, dutifully troops over. JOHN (cont'd) Do you want this beer? There’s about half a pint left. DECLAN nods enthusiastica JOHN nods to the toffee apple, a single bite out of it. JOHN (cont'd) I‘1l swap you.
8) 0) text: JOHN and YOUNG PHILOMENA kiss passionately in a gap betwe two stalls, hidden from view. JOHN brushes his hand down side of her breast to her waist, then slips down to her bottom. The shot CONTINUES to her hand; OOV she moans softly... she drops the toffee apple she’s holding.
14) 0) text: A recital. A congregation watches a choir singing John Taverner’s ‘Mother of God’; music fills the beautiful interior. MARTIN sits with wife KATE, petite, pretty, Scottish. Next to her is ROBERT, Martin’s doctor, and his wife. Whilst everyone else appears to be enjoying the mus MARTIN is fidgety and distracted, unable to take comfort pleasure from it.
122) 0) text: 1951. The same size shot of Anthony’s father, JOHN, at th fair, smiling at PHILOMENA.