81) 0) text: 1988. MICHAEL and MARCIA are being walked by a REALTOR towards a house for sale; 76. PETE is behind the camera videoing them - we think they m very well be a young couple looking at a home to start a family in. The house itself is a sprawling, typically New England property set in large grounds.
81) 2) dialog: It’s incredible... (Beat) What about you? She takes the camera from him, turns it on PETE.
84) 2) dialog: Philomena, I’m Marcia Weller. Welcome to Washington...
85) 0) text: PHILOMENA is confronted with a table covered with photos Michael, stunned at this feast laid out for her - a feast memories she never had. There are a mix of formal and cas photos. We see some of him with Marcia on his arm dressed formally in evening wear.
85) 1) dialog: I knew your son for about ten years. He was senior legal counsel to both the Reagan and Bush administrations. 81. MARCIA WELLER, (the woman in the flashback video), is now years older, a successful lawyer in her own right. PHILOM picks up a photograph of Michael with President Reagan at function we saw in flashback earlier.
85) 4) dialog: I don’t think so - not that I remember. But I have a number for his sister, Mary, who came from Ireland with him - I can put you in touch with her?
85) 7) dialog: That’s his, er, friend - Pete. She puts that photo down and picks up another of Michael Marcia on a night out together.
85) 9) dialog: Oh no. I loved Michael but not in that way... (MORE)
85) 10) text: MARCIA (cont'd) (Looks at MARTIN, awkward) «+. I don’t know if you knew, but he was gay. MARTIN seems to freeze at this news; PHILOMENA appears no react at all. MARCIA (cont'd) I would accompany him when he went to official functions because being gay was frowned upon in the Republican party. But he was very charming and very charismatic. PHILOMENA clasps her chest.
85) 14) dialog: He didn’t have any children. I’m sorry. PHILOMENA gives her a smile and a little nod then returns the pictures. She picks up a different photo of Michael i Pete’s arms, both smiling, looking happy.
85) 16) dialog: Yes he did. OUT on the photo of Michael and Pete.