34) 0) text: NO SOUND. December 1955. ANTHONY, 3, and little MARY, des the steps of a Pan Am Constellation aircraft. The jerky images show them setting foot on the tarmac. ANTHONY is wearing the blue coat and clutching his plane. He holds h with MARY, both of them looking forlorn. 30. We are aware of them being lined up so that somebody (out shot) can take a photo of them.
87) 0) text: The front door opens to REVEAL MARY, early 50s, a plain, tired-looking housewife with long, greying hair. SCORE ENDS. 84.
87) 2) dialog: Yes. PHILOMENA and MARTIN stand on the doorstep; PHILOMENA una to prevent herself from staring at MARY.
87) 4) dialog: Um... okay.
87) 6) dialog: You look just like your mother...
88) 0) text: MARY, PHILOMENA and MARTIN sit at a table in the garden, PHILOMENA looking through a wallet of photos Mary has giv her. Mary’s two grandchildren, a BOY aged 5 and a girl, 3 play together. PHILOMENA studies a photo of Michael with elderly woman with glasses and grey hair, (MARGE).
88) 1) dialog: That’s our mother - I mean, our adopted mother.
88) 3) dialog: (Beat) I won’t lie to you Philomena, we didn’t have the happiest childhood. (Beat) Marge was okay but our father, Doc, could be a very hard man. PHILOMENA falls quiet for a few moments. MARY sees the KI are trying to climb onto a shed. MARY (cont'd) Hey get down off there!
88) 5) dialog: That’s him with Pete Olsson. He and Mike were... She falters, not sure if they know about Michael’s sexual She turns
88) 10) dialog: Yes. He did. He wasn’t too happy with himself, last couple of years of his life... working for the Republicans.
88) 12) dialog: No. He was pretty mixed up about it. looks up, puzzled, from studying a photo.
88) 15) dialog: You know, I think it’s out in West Virginia near where he lived. Dad wanted him buried in the family plot in St. Louis but Pete wouldn't allow it. They had a big row - I didn’t go in the end, I didn’t want to get involved. You should talk to Pete about it. A silence. The unfolding soap opera of Anthony's life see alien to PHILOMENA. She feels disconnected, unable to rel to it.
88) 18) dialog: (She thinks, then shrugs) Not really. Neither of us really talked about that.
125) 3) text: LYRICS TO ‘PLASTIC JESUS’ (cont'd) Dressed in rhinestones sitting on a Pedestal of abalone shell Goin’ ninety, I’m not wary ‘Cause I’ve got my Virgin Mary Guaranteeing I won’t go to Hell