62) 0) text: STILL NO SOUND. 1966. A school production of ‘A Midsummer Night’s Dream’. MICHAEL, (Anthony), now 14, is up on stag playing ‘Puck’. This is a different, more confident MICHA heavily made up, dancing around on stage in a loin cloth; so confident, authoritative, obviously loving it. We will realise later that he is exploring his sexuality. On stage, TITANIA, LYSANDER and HERMIA sleep. Enter PUCK.
62) 1) dialog: Through the forest have I gone. But Athenian found I none, On whose eyes I might approve This flower's force in stirring love. Night and silence.--Who is here? Weeds of Athens he doth wear: This is he, my master said, Despised the Athenian maid; And here the maiden, sleeping sound, On the dank and dirty ground. (MORE)
62) 2) text: MICHAEL (AS PUCK) (cont'd) Pretty soul! she durst not lie Near this lack-love, this kill courtesy. Churl, upon thy eyes I throw All the power this charm doth owe. When thou wakest, let love forbid Sleep his seat on thy eyelid: So awake when I am gone; For I must now to Oberon. PUCK exits.
71) 0) text: (Previously Sc. 69) NOW WE HAVE SOUND. Mid-80s. A track plays - ‘Doot Doot’ b Freur, as a POV shot, grainy early video, takes us throug packed ‘Studio 54’ type place, full of beautiful 80s peop lots of neon, flashing lights, wild hair styles, women wi bright lipstick and avant garde outfits. CLUBBERS part, smiling, as the camera ploughs between the whoever is shooting this wants to capture as many faces a memories of that night as possible. They react to the cam video cameras are a novelty. We hear snatches of conversation, high spirits. Finally the camera reaches a group of men and women in their 20s and 30s, including MA WELLER, late 20s, back-combed dark hair, bright lipstick. there in the middle of everyone is MICHAEL, now mid-30s, smiling, enigmatic. He speaks to the guy behind the camer
71) 1) dialog: Hey Pete... MARCIA plants a kiss on MICHAEL’S cheek and gives the cam a smouldering look as they both ‘pose’ for the camera. Th scene tells us that Anthony/Michael has grown into a youn man with a louche, cool private life.
73) 0) text: (Previously Sc 66) 1982. Poor quality, taped VHS of news footage of a photo opportunity at the White House; President REAGAN is surrounded by ADVISORS. He turns to shake hands with the to his right; we see that it’s MICHAEL, smiling nervously undeniably thrilled to be amongst such illustrious compan We now see he is a man with what appears to be a stellar career in the making. But his appearance - conservative career-man - is totally at odds with the night-clubber we in scene 66. FADE TO BLACK.
81) 0) text: 1988. MICHAEL and MARCIA are being walked by a REALTOR towards a house for sale; 76. PETE is behind the camera videoing them - we think they m very well be a young couple looking at a home to start a family in. The house itself is a sprawling, typically New England property set in large grounds.
81) 4) dialog: I’ve fallen in love already...
85) 0) text: PHILOMENA is confronted with a table covered with photos Michael, stunned at this feast laid out for her - a feast memories she never had. There are a mix of formal and cas photos. We see some of him with Marcia on his arm dressed formally in evening wear.
88) 0) text: MARY, PHILOMENA and MARTIN sit at a table in the garden, PHILOMENA looking through a wallet of photos Mary has giv her. Mary’s two grandchildren, a BOY aged 5 and a girl, 3 play together. PHILOMENA studies a photo of Michael with elderly woman with glasses and grey hair, (MARGE).
88) 24) dialog: Turn that off Pete.
88) 26) dialog: All my clothes are too big for me. MICHAEL walks past the camera and opens t he door. Outsid see a taxi waiting on the drive. MICHAEL shuffles towards
91) 0) text: 1993. The next leg of Michael’s journey. The camera is on MICHAEL, trying to doze, looking really ill. He sees Pete filming him.
91) 2) dialog: (Trying to smile) Oh... not too chipper.
91) 4) dialog: I guess. (Beat) Hopeful...
99) 0) text: 1993. Now nearing journey’s end. We see the ruins of an Abbey. The camera pans to MICHAEL standing beside a hire Leaning on a stick, clearly ill, gazing at the ruins and over to a loch; before him rolling hills and fields, a th mist hanging in the air. [NOTE: we do not yet know where is]. He then brings the camera round onto a shot of MICHA gazing out at it.
99) 2) dialog: It’s pretty amazing. So peaceful...
100) 0) text: MUSIC OVER: a MONTAGE SEQUENCE showing the little hire ca making the pilgrimage into the suburbs of Washington to Michael’s former home in Potomac Village. They drive unde large manicured trees into a manicured village. We take i the ever changing landscape; we see miscellaneous shots o people and resonant landmarks along the route. We see PHILOMENA through her open window, alongside MARTIN, driv She is slurping on some monstrous creamy, syrupy Frappucc concoction, enjoying the wind on her face.
101) 0) text: WIDE SHOT: late afternoon, Michael’s house in Potomac Village, which we saw earlier in a flash of video. The hi car is parked under some trees overlooking the house. MUSIC ENDS.
104) 0) text: Through the windscreen they watch as PETE leans across an kisses goodbye a younger MAN who is driving. We see PHILO silently watching. MARTIN checks PETE against a picture h holds up of MICHAEL and PETE.
121) 0) text: 1984. A head shot of MICHAEL, mid-30s, before he was ill. is looking down, (out of shot he is reading a book). He l up and smiles; he could be smiling at PHILOMENA.