81) 0) text: 1988. MICHAEL and MARCIA are being walked by a REALTOR towards a house for sale; 76. PETE is behind the camera videoing them - we think they m very well be a young couple looking at a home to start a family in. The house itself is a sprawling, typically New England property set in large grounds.
81) 1) dialog: What do you think?
81) 3) dialog: Yeh, pretty cool. (Nods to MICHAEL) What about the lord of the manor? She now turns the camera on to MICHAEL.
88) 23) dialog: Okay, forty five minutes late, but here he is at last. Ready for his big adventure.
88) 25) dialog: Don’t be such a grouse. PETE turns the camera on himself. PETE (cont'd) He’s such a grouse. Turns the camera back on MICHAEL. PETE (OOV) (cont’d) Why are you wearing that top - it’s too big for you.
91) 0) text: 1993. The next leg of Michael’s journey. The camera is on MICHAEL, trying to doze, looking really ill. He sees Pete filming him.
91) 1) dialog: How are you feeling?
91) 3) dialog: Excited?
99) 1) dialog: What do you think? MICHAEL flicks a look across at the camera then returns t the view, taking comfort from it in spite of how ill he looks.
103) 0) text: The Mazda pulls up in front of the house. MARTIN reverses hire car into a place where he can see the Mazda without being seen. A man in his late 40s, (it’s PETE - he’s olde but we recognize him from the snatches of home video we’v seen him in), gets out.
104) 0) text: Through the windscreen they watch as PETE leans across an kisses goodbye a younger MAN who is driving. We see PHILO silently watching. MARTIN checks PETE against a picture h holds up of MICHAEL and PETE.
107) 0) text: We follow MARTIN as he walks up to the front door and rin the bell without hesitation. A few moments, then PETE ans it.
107) 2) dialog: Yes?
107) 4) dialog: If you move your foot. MARTIN moves his foot - and PETE immediately slams the do shut in his face. MARTIN has been completely outwitted.
109) 0) text: We now follow PHILOMENA up to the door. She rings the bel and again PETE answers. Expecting MARTIN again, he looks PHILOMENA, thrown by the sight of this little old lady no his doorstep.
110) 3) dialog: What’s wrong? And NOW we CUT TO the plasma screen and see MICHAEL... outside Roscrea. He is being greeted warmly by the (now elderly) Sister HILDEGARDE [NOTE - SISTER CLAIRE IS NOT I THE SHOT]. And this is the end of the journey started in scene 89 - Michael’s journey back to Roscrea. Suggest the insertion of a line at the following point, t draw out Philomena’s reaction to Anthony coming back to Roscrea:
110) 5) dialog: I took him. He was looking for you, Philomena.
110) 11) dialog: But they told us that they couldn’t find you. They said you’d abandoned him as a baby.
110) 14) dialog: He’s there now.
110) 16) dialog: I had this huge standoff with his father. He wanted him buried in the US, but it was your son’s dying wish. He said he wanted to go home. Beat. Silence. PETE (cont'd) He’s buried at Roscrea. During this we have been moving slowly in on PHILOMENA’S face; now she closes her eyes, clutches her hand to her c and sighs.