0) 0) text: PHILOMENA sits at a pew in a largely empty church - there two other WORSHIPPERS dotted about; there is no service. is looking at a statue of Madonna and Child. A PRIEST passes PHILOMENA and stops to talk. He is dresse a black sweater and dog collar rather than formal robes.
0) 2) dialog: I just came in to light a candle.
0) 4) dialog: Yes. But she pointedly doesn’t elaborate any further. The PRIE tries to continue the conversation:
0) 6) dialog: It's very good. It’s Ti-tanium.
0) 13) text: PHILOMENA stands before a row of dozens of little candles burning in sockets. She puts a pound coin in a box, takes candle and lights it. She plants it in a socket and stare the flame, emotional. We see her face through the flame, distorted by the heat haze, and on this we...
2) 0) text: Before she leaves the church, PHILOMENA dips her fingers Holy Water and blesses herself.
5) 5) dialog: 
7) 0) text: Nineteen year old PHILOMENA LEE, pretty, dark haired, wea lovely summer dress, that same crucifix glinting in the sunshine. She picks her way wide-eyed, through the crowd; bright lights, the air filled with noise and excitement.
8) 0) text: JOHN and YOUNG PHILOMENA kiss passionately in a gap betwe two stalls, hidden from view. JOHN brushes his hand down side of her breast to her waist, then slips down to her bottom. The shot CONTINUES to her hand; OOV she moans softly... she drops the toffee apple she’s holding.
8) 5) dialog: (Distracted, talking to the TV not JANE) Fancy spending all that money on a God awful thing like that? If it was me I’d take everyone to the Brent Cross shopping centre and I’d say you can have one thing, whatever you like - two things. JANE drops her keys in her bag, she’s ready to go:
8) 7) dialog: And I'd get myself a brand new Nissan Micro automatic...
9) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA, her sweaty face contorted as she screams in agony. She lays back on a bed, legs in stirrups, in an improvised delivery room above the chapel. She’s in the advanced stages of labour - but there are complications. As two OLDER NUNS look on impotently, wringing their hand she is attended by a younger nun just a few years older t her. This is Sister ANUNCIATA, pale, red-haired, terrifie She looks at a pair of forceps in a metal bowl and knows should attempt to use them - but they seem monstrous, medieval. YOUNG PHILOMENA grabs ANUNCIATA’S hand as anoth spasm grips her body.
10) 0) text: Other inmates of Roscrea, ‘fallen’ YOUNG GIRLS like Philomena, a couple of them obviously pregnant, kneel by their beds in prayer. They are watched over by MOTHER BARBARA, mid-50s, kind-faced, the most senior nun at Rosc From upstairs they can hear PHILOMENA crying out in pain; see how frightened the YOUNG GIRLS are, some in tears.
11) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA thrashes about, delirious. The OLDER NUNS do no more than press wet cloths to her head. ANUNCIATA enters, looks at YOUNG PHILOMENA in such pain. sees again the forceps on the side and cries out in angui
12) 0) text: Back to the birth. With the forceps and her strong finger ANUNCIATA pushes and twists the tiny body inside YOUNG PHILOMENA, lying back, drenched in sweat, moaning in pain Finally, with a gush of pale red liquid onto the white sh ANUNCIATA pulls out the baby’s head, dragging a new life God's world. It’s over and ANUNCIATA, overcome with emoti holds up the newborn baby to his mother.
17) 0) text: CLOSE UP on an overweight mobile phone SALESMAN picking through some ribs. Amongst other lunch time customers, al whom are very probably not interested in Russian history, FIND MARTIN standing waiting in the reception area, watch with faint disgust as the phone SALESMAN licks his finger MARTIN looks out of the entrance doors, his face reflecte the glass. He looks at his watch, ponders on why he’s her and not at all sure it’s a good idea. He glances out of t doors again... and he sees her. PHILOMENA, walking across car park towards him, JANE by her side. His ghostly reflection in the glass is super-imposed over her for a moment... Curiosity aroused, he strains to get a good look - but ge only intermittent glimpses as a couple cars drive past on their way out of the car park. He notes she’s dressed sma - presumably for his benefit - and looks nervous. As she finally enters the restaurant he smiles and steps forward greet her:
17) 2) dialog: Hello Martin. They shake hands; he notes the crucifix around her neck, in turn sneaks a look at him as he greets JANE.
17) 6) dialog: I’m all right. I had a new hip last year Martin, it’s much better than the bone one I had before and it’s made of ti-tanium which is metal - but it doesn’t rust.
17) 8) dialog: Oh is that right?
17) 10) dialog: What does he mean?
18) 0) text: MARTIN and PHILOMENA are at one end of the salad bar, JAN the other. 19.
18) 1) dialog: Jane's the clever one in our family. She went to university as a mature student - you know, when you're quite old. Where did you go Martin - Oxbridge I’1l bet.
18) 3) dialog: I could tell you weren’t a duffer.
18) 5) dialog: Do they not have them in London?
18) 7) dialog: And where’s that?
18) 9) dialog: Oh well that’1l be expensive. She sprinkles some bacon bits and croutons on her salad. Suddenly, PHILOMENA (cont'd) I like these little bits of toast on mine... (Beat) And are you married Martin?
18) 11) dialog: Well that’s good. That’s grand... PHILOMENA reaches out and puts her hand on his. PHILOMENA (cont'd) I did love him, you know...
18) 14) dialog: I disappeared from the world. My family didn’t visit me, and out of shame my father told everyone that I was dead. After you’d had your baby you had to stay in the Abbey for four years, totally cut off from the outside world. In order to repay the sisters for taking you in, you had to work. The sheer number of infants, their cots lined up with military precision, drives home the message about Roscrea that it is a place that deals in babies.
18) 16) dialog: The worst jobs were in the laundry, and that’s where they put me. I worked there seven days a week, the whole time I was there. They took in washing from miles around and charged for the service. We weren't paid a penny. I worked there with my best friend Kathleen. We find YOUNG PHILOMENA amongst them, dressed in a shapel pinafore, working over a boiling tub. Next to her is KATHLEEN, a pale faced young woman of roughly the same ag It's arduous, physically demanding work and YOUNG PHILOME and KATHLEEN, though worn out, try to keep each other’s spirits up with smiles of encouragement.
19) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA, KATHLEEN and three other GIRLS from the laundry, having finished their shift, hurry along a corri They pass Mother BARBARA, going in the opposite direction
19) 1) dialog: We were allowed to see our children for an hour a day, that was all.
20) 0) text: The girls come into the nursery, walk towards camera. Big smiles on their faces, they crouch and hold their arms ou As we HOLD on them, FROM BEHIND CAMERA, five little CHILD aged between two and three, rush past us into their mothe arms. We pick out YOUNG PHILOMENA... her little boy ANTHO dark-haired, now three - the same age as the photo - runs into her arms. She hugs him tight, swinging him around, totally in love.
20) 2) dialog: Anthony was best friends with Kathleen’s daughter Mary - he’d even let her fly his little toy aeroplane. True love! The two of them were inseparable. The MOTHERS and CHILDREN are watched over by ANUNCIATA an another NUN, sitting together. YOUNG PHILOMENA and ANUNCI exchange a secret smile - but she can’t talk to her whils the other NUN is there, it’s not allowed.
20) 7) dialog: We lived with it every day. Who’s child would be taken next? YOUNG PHILOMENA sees the other NUN leave the room, and se the opportunity to go and talk to ANUNCIATA.
21) 0) text: PHILOMENA, now at the table with MARTIN and JANE, holds t same photo, the one Jane saw her clutching the night she finally confessed all, now in a small leather case. PHILO passes it to MARTIN, who studies it.
21) 1) dialog: Whenever I look at that, I think about Anthony but I say a little prayer for Anunciata, who saved his life when I gave birth to him. She died a long time ago... if she hadn’t taken that, I’d have nothing.
21) 3) dialog: The only way you could leave was if you paid them a hundred pounds. But where would I get that kind of money? And where would I go? On PHILOMENA, we...
22) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA is back at work in the laundry.
22) 1) dialog: It happened about a week later. I remember that day so clearly. As she starts to heave a heavy laundry bag over to a tub hears, outside, SFX tyres crunching on gravel. At this so the GIRLS exchange looks, a feeling of dread settling ove them. KATHLEEN starts to shake with fear. 24.
22) 2) dialog: We all knew what it meant when a big car arrived. Kathleen was inconsolable. She knew this time they’d come for Mary. YOUNG PHILOMENA looks around and sees that, temporarily, YOUNG SISTER HILDEGARDE and one of the other nuns have disappeared - there is only one NUN left, who has her bac her. YOUNG PHILOMENA abandons her duties and crosses to a small basement window high up in the wall. Standing on tiptoes, she sees, beyond a hedge, a dreaded shiny black limousine drive past. KATHLEEN looks up at her piteously, pleadingly. YOUNG PHILOMENA catches the eye of another GI who shakes her head - ‘Don’t do it...’ - but ignores her checking that the NUN is still distracted, quickly darts through a back door.
23) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA emerges alone into a small courtyard, cro to the far side and peers through some gates fencing her from the outside world. Foliage half obscures some well- heeled FIGURES getting out of the limousine - a thirty- something woman in a fur coat and a man in a Cashmere coa and Homburg hat.
23) 1) dialog: As soon as I saw their lovely clothes, and Mother Barbara so happy and smiling, I knew all hope was gone. She watches as they are greeted at the main entrance by a fawning and uncharacteristically gregarious Mother BARBAR Then, from behind:
24) 0) text: Later that afternoon. YOUNG PHILOMENA is buttoning up her pinafore as she stands at a window.
24) 1) dialog: Kathleen cried so hard they took her to the sick bay and gave her brandy. But her fate was sealed. YOUNG PHILOMENA looks down through the window and we...
24) 5) dialog: They’d only come for Mary. But Anthony wouldn’t let her out of his sight. They were inseparable, you see... 26. The WOMAN crouches down to ANTHONY’S level and touches hi face tenderly. But, because she has her back to us, we st don’t see her face. We don’t need to, she simply represen money. A customer. The WOMAN takes the hands of both chil and leads them away. Over this we hear, incoming from the next scene, the CHOIR SINGING...
25) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA sings in the chapel. She is with other MAGDALEN GIRLS on one row of pews; the NUNS, strictly segregated on another row, facing them.
25) 1) dialog: Normally, I loved to sing - it was one of the only things I enjoyed at that place. But all I could think about was poor Kathleen. We can see YOUNG PHILOMENA’S heart isn’t in it, her expression far off, her mind elsewhere. She sees ANUNCIAT enter the chapel and take her place with the NUNS. She catches her friend’s eye and manages to throw her a smile But ANUNCIATA, hollow-eyed, is unable to return it. YOUNG PHILOMENA sees tears in her friend’s eyes - she’s crying? Assuming she must also be upset about Kathleen, YOUNG PHILOMENA carries on as the hymn builds to a crescendo. But now a MAGDALEN GIRL enters the chapel and hurries to the others. She pushes through until she’s next to YOUNG PHILOMENA, then urgently whispers in her ear. The blood drains from YOUNG PHILOMENA’S face; panic-stricken she pu her way to the end of the pew. ANUNCIATA watches her go, agonized expression.
26) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA runs from the chapel along a curving wall
27) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA runs through a door and up two flights of stairs as fast as she can, hyperventilating. She turns in room.
28) 0) text: A window: YOUNG PHILOMENA climbs up so she can see throug the clear glass.
30) 0) text: ANTHONY looks through the rear window of the car, his eye are scanning. He doesn’t see YOUNG PHILOMENA at the upper floor window, banging and screaming inaudibly.
31) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA is now overtaken by animal instinct. She lioness in headlong flight, determined to save her young. a frenetic, taut sequence she leaps down flights of stair along a corridor and out through a door. Her focus absolu
32) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA bursts into the courtyard only to see the tail lights of the shiny car disappearing from sight over rise. She is too late. She stares after it, then sinks to knees on the gravel drive, weeping. Anthony is gone. She cries out in utter anguish, a shriek from deep inside her
32) 2) text: YOUNG SISTER HILDEGARDE, inside the Abbey, looks out upon hearing this cry and see the distraught, broken YOUNG PHILOMENA. The older woman digests the scene for a moment then callously moves on.
32) 4) dialog: He was wearing a beautiful blue duffel coat, that’s what I remember most of all...
33) 0) text: MARTIN and JANE watch PHILOMENA, spellbound. MARTIN has a open and has been making notes as they talk.
33) 1) dialog: I couldn't have given him a coat like that.
33) 3) dialog: No I don’t like that word.
33) 5) dialog: Some of them were nice.
33) 9) dialog: I've been several times over the years to ask where he was. They were very helpful - it’s not like it used to be. They said they'd try and trace him for me.
33) 12) dialog: Can you help me find him Martin?
33) 15) dialog: Oh yes there’s plenty of room - it’s a Vauxhall Cavalier.
37) 0) text: MARTIN negotiates a bend and enters the village of Birr. little High Street is typically Irish, the shop fronts painted in bright blues, oranges, pinks and turquoises. A cross-roads beside Molloy’s Bar, obviously a prearranged rendezvous point, stand PHILOMENA and JANE. He pulls up alongside them and JANE opens the door.
37) 3) dialog: (As she gets in) Oh it’s lovely, isn’t it Jane. I can see why you wouldn’t want to squash up with us in the Cavalier.
37) 7) dialog: No - I told Jane we'll be fine on our own, just the two of us, isn’t that right Martin.
38) 1) dialog: What kind of car is this?
38) 3) dialog: That’s German. (Beat, opens a packet) Would you like a Tune Martin?
38) 5) dialog: No, would you like a Tune? He decides to let it go.
38) 7) dialog: For good luck.
38) 9) dialog: Do you believe in God Martin?
38) 11) dialog: Yes.
39) 0) text: The BMW pulls up outside the Abbey building and MARTIN he PHILOMENA out. They gaze up: the Abbey looks cleaner, som more sterile - but it’s still the same oppressive, pebble dashed monolith set in acres of ground.
39) 2) dialog: I’m fine. PHILOMENA leads the way up to the front door. She pauses a moment outside: PHILOMENA (cont’d) I’m one of the lucky ones Martin. Some of the mothers and babies didn’t even survive the childbirth. 33. As we see this hit home with MARTIN, PHILOMENA presses th buzzer and, after a few moments, a YOUNG AFRICAN NUN - dressed much less formally than her 1950s counterparts in blue sweater and white blouse - opens the door.
39) 4) dialog: I’m Philomena Lee. I made an appointment.
39) 6) dialog: And this is my friend Martin Sixsmith News At Ten.
39) 12) dialog: Yes please. Can I use the bathroom?
39) 14) dialog: I know where it is. 34. PHILOMENA leaves. MARTIN looks around, taking everything intrigued by some framed photographs of the Abbey ‘then a now’ on a section of wall.
40) 0) text: PHILOMENA retraces her steps from all those years ago, cl some stairs and stands at the window where she last saw h child, fifty years before.
42) 0) text: CLOSE UP: PHILOMENA, staring straight ahead. We stay on h for a while, her face set and thoughtful. Then we...
44) 0) text: PHILOMENA stands looking at the room where the laundry us to be. Behind her the window where she climbed up and saw posh car driving past.
44) 12) dialog: (Brightly) He’s Martin Sixsmith, News At Ten.
44) 15) dialog: It was well before your time Sister Claire. Mother Barbara had passed away and I spoke to Sister Hildegarde on the telephone - but when I came here she wasn’t well enough to see me.
44) 17) dialog: Oh look Martin buttered brack. Have some. MARTIN helps himself to a slice; he takes a bite.
44) 19) dialog: It’s fruit bread Martin.
44) 24) dialog: Oh...
44) 26) dialog: Yes. Yes... The room falls silent. MARTIN watches as PHILOMENA starts speak, quietly at first but building in emotion. PHILOMENA (cont’d) I still go to mass... I don’t want to cause any fuss or point the finger at anyone, or blame the church in any way. I just want to know that he’s all right - I don’t even have to see him. Sometimes I have visions of him and he’s homeless and nobody loves him...
44) 39) dialog: Martin’s a Roman Catholic.
47) 0) text: The YOUNG NUN sees a pale-faced PHILOMENA to the front do PHILOMENA clutches a manila envelope.
47) 1) dialog: Thank you, and would you thank Sister Claire again for me.
49) 0) text: MARTIN hurries back to his car, where PHILOMENA is waitin for him.
50) 0) text: PHILOMENA sits staring ahead. MARTIN doesn’t start the ca
50) 2) dialog: (Long beat) She said you were a journalist and you were trying to manipulate me and I should be careful what I say to you. She opens her bag, takes out the manila envelope, hands i MARTIN. PHILOMENA (cont'd) And she gave me this.
50) 4) dialog: (Taking over) -said child Anthony Lee, and I further undertake never to attempt to see, interfere with or make any claim to the said child at any future time...’ Silence. PHILOMENA (cont’d) I‘ll never find him.
50) 6) dialog: (With a heavy heart) No-one forced me Martin. I signed of my own free will.
52) 2) dialog: I signed it because I believed I'd committed a terrible sin Martin, and I had to be punished. And... what made it so much worse, was that I enjoyed it.
52) 4) dialog: The sex. He turns to face her. PHILOMENA (cont’d) Oh, it was wonderful. I thought I was floating on air. He was so handsome and the way he held me in his arms and - well I didn’t even know I had a clitoris Martin.
52) 6) dialog: And after I had the sex, I thought anything that feels so lovely must be wrong.
52) 8) dialog: I spent thirty years as a nurse, I’ve heard worse than that.
52) 10) dialog: Well maybe you’re not. He looks at her; smiles to himself at how sharply she gav good as she got.
53) 0) text: JANE walks in to the bar to find MARTIN and PHILOMENA sit on stools at the bar, looking a little glum. She has a sh in front of her, he a pint of Guinness - both almost finished.
53) 5) dialog: It wasn’t their fault Jane, they had a fire and all the records were lost. The BARMAN puts a new glass of sherry in front of PHILOME
53) 9) dialog: Well he’s poured it now. JANE rolls her eyes; PHILOMENA knocks it back in two gulp PHILOMENA (cont'd) Night Martin.
56) 0) text: PHILOMENA, MARTIN and JANE sit at a table having breakfas MARTIN, now in full-on journalist mode, has his laptop op and consults an A4 pad full of scrawled notes.
56) 5) dialog: They were trying to give hima better life.
56) 10) text: MARTIN (cont'd) The stumbling block, of course, is that I can only get so far doing things on your behalf Philomena. But as you’re his mother, they are duty bound to provide you with the information. Silence. PHILOMENA and JANE absorb this for a few moments
56) 14) dialog: I don’t know. MARTIN can’t resist a little bit of salesmanship.
56) 17) dialog: No no no - you’ve got your work. I’m more worried about Martin going all that way with a daft old Irish lady like me.
56) 19) dialog: Oh go’way with you.
56) 21) dialog: I'd like to go. I want to know if he’s ever thought about me, ‘cos I’ve thought about him every day... OUT on MARTIN, silently euphoric.
57) 0) text: We establish the busy concourse: noise, movement, bustle. Amongst this we FIND PHILOMENA and MARTIN at a check-in d MARTIN is heaving their cases onto the conveyor belt.
57) 3) dialog: No. (They both look at her) My daughter helped me.
57) 6) dialog: No. (Beat) Well, yes. The CHECK-IN OPERATOR looks up. PHILOMENA (cont’d) But the person who asked me is known to me. And the items are non... explosive.
57) 8) dialog: Even if you say, ‘non explosive’?
59) 0) text: PHILOMENA and MARTIN climb onto a mobility vehicle, compl with flashing lights and warning beeps, to be driven by a AIRPORT WORKER to their gate.
59) 1) dialog: Well I’m getting the royal treatment here Martin. I feel like the Pope. They pass other PASSENGERS making the journey on foot, MA feeling slightly self-conscious.
59) 3) dialog: Is that an interesting book Martin - I’ve just finished mine. She brandishes ‘The Slipper And The Horseshoe’.
59) 5) dialog: Mine was about horses too. It was about this fella Robert and he’s engaged to this duchess and he’s the son of a doctor so he’s done very well for himself but this woman oh she’s terrible this duchess is vain as you like and forever looking in the mirror and all the rest of it. And she thinks he’s dull as ditch-water so he takes up an interest in the horses so he fits in with all the upper classes and well of course he meets the girl down the stables and she’s not even a doctor’s daughter her father’s just a farmhand and he only has one foot but anyway of course they fall in love, so the duchess you’re thinking be careful what you wish for and he’s now torn between becoming a duke because when he marries her he’ll become lord of the manor and all that sort of thing, and the stable girl who he loves but hasn’t a penny to her name her brothers have no shoes on their feet.
59) 8) dialog: -so the big day’s coming, the wedding and she, oh she’s a lovely, lovely girl, she says Robert has to do his duty and he’s spoken for and of course he’s being measured up for his suit but you can tell his heart’s not in it he’s all the while thinking about the horses and the stable girl. And they’re all there waiting for him in the church, the hoi polloi, but the thing is Martin this duchess she just wants Robert to spite the fella she’s really after but towards the end the duchess finds out that the stable girl has designs on Robert and the father without the foot dies but before he does he says to Robert ‘follow your heart’ and then the duchess gives the stable girl her marching orders and she packs her things - there’s a pony and trap waiting for her outside and when she climbs into it she asks do you know where we’re going? And the driver turns round and if it isn’t yer man Robert. And he says ‘I’m taking you to a place where no-one can hurt you anymore’.
59) 11) dialog: You can borrow it.
59) 13) dialog: Come on I’ve just finished it now. 55.
60) 0) text: PHILOMENA and MARTIN sit together as PASSENGERS board all around them. A HOSTESS offers them a tray of drinks.
60) 3) dialog: (Following his lead) No thank you. The HOSTESS moves on. MARTIN tips PHILOMENA off:
60) 5) dialog: (Immediately calls out) I say! I'll have a Buck's Fizz! The HOSTESS turns back to her and she takes a Buck’s Fizz PHILOMENA (cont’d) Thank you. (Takes a sip) Oo, that’s lovely. (To MARTIN, impressed) You have to pay for everything on Ryan Air.
60) 14) dialog: No - he’s helping me look for my-
60) 17) dialog: I’m sorry Martin should we pretend we don’t know each other?
60) 19) dialog: Is that First Class in there? 57.
60) 21) dialog: Just because you’re in first class it doesn’t make you a first class person.
60) 23) dialog: I think he needs a good smack in the chops. MARTIN laughs.
61) 0) text: Several hours into the flight. MARTIN is dozing with his blanket over him; most of the other passengers are asleep too. PHILOMENA catches her reflection in the window and w
64) 0) text: The seatbelt sign is switched off with a ‘ping’. PASSENGE jump up out of their seats and start to grab their bags f the overhead lockers. PHILOMENA gets up too, but MARTIN s seated - engrossed in ‘The Slipper and the Horseshoe’.
64) 1) dialog: Martin can you help me with my bag? (No answer) Martin?
66) 0) text: Martin and Philomena enter the hotel.
67) 0) text: MARTIN makes his way along the corridor to pay a visit on Philomena in her room. He finds the right room number and knocks. PHILOMENA answers, excited, and welcomes him in:
67) 1) dialog: Martin, did you have a chocolate on your pillow?
67) 4) dialog: How the other half live, eh? They walk out onto the balcony and she gestures to a nigh time view of the city. PHILOMENA (cont'd) And look at that view.
67) 6) dialog: Well, we can go to see Mr. Lincoln. Or, we could watch on my television... (Reads from the screen) ‘Big Momma’s House’. (MORE)
67) 7) text: PHILOMENA (cont'd) It’s about a little black man who pretends to be a fat black lady. They showed a little bit and they’re all chasing after him - it looked hilarious Martin. She looks up at MARTIN, expectantly.
68) 1) dialog: Isn’t he wonderful. I’ve always wanted to see him in his big chair.
68) 3) dialog: I can see that. He’s tall even sitting down. They both fall silent for a moment.
69) 0) text: They set off down the steps. MARTIN is lining up a photo of PHILOMENA with Lincoln in background.
69) 1) dialog: «+. I had a friend and her daughter paid for her to go to Florida for her seventieth birthday and she said ‘Phil, the size of the portions - you wouldn’t believe’.
69) 3) dialog: Is this for the article? 61.
69) 5) dialog: Only I’m a little bit worried you see, because if I find him he might be very disapproving of talking to the papers. Families are very private things.
69) 7) dialog: What does that mean?
69) 9) dialog: That's the thing I’m worried about. A beat. She feels she has no option but to go along with PHILOMENA (cont’d) Should I smile or should I be serious?
69) 13) dialog: -if you want chips here, by the way Martin, you have to ask for French Fries. Because if you ask for chips they’1l just bring you crisps. (Thinks about this) And if you ask for crisps... well, I don’t know what they’1l bring you.
69) 15) dialog: I’m getting scared... now we’re getting closer. (Beat) All these years, wondering whether Anthony was in trouble, or in prison... or goodness knows what. As long as I didn’t know, I could always tell myself that he was happy somewhere, and he was doing all right. She starts to get really upset. PHILOMENA (cont’d) But what if he died in Vietnam? Or came back with no legs, or lived on the street...
69) 17) dialog: What if he was a drug addict Martin, or... what if he was obese?
69) 19) dialog: I watched this documentary that said a lot of Americans are huge - what if that’s happened to him?
69) 21) dialog: (Tearful) Well, because of the size of the portions... They walk away under the trees.
70) 0) text: MARTIN escorts PHILOMENA back to her room.
70) 2) dialog: 7524. Okay, good night Martin, and thank you. Oh - would you like some biscuits because they gave me two in a little packet and I don’t want them.
70) 4) dialog: Well if you change your mind just call me - what do you dial?
70) 6) dialog: If you need them just call 7534 and I‘1l bring them round to you.
70) 8) dialog: Good night Martin.
73) 3) dialog: Martin I wanted to tell you something earlier but it slipped my mind, and I was going to tell you on the phone but I forgot the number, so I thought I’d come and tell you in person what with you only being along the corridor.
73) 5) dialog: What I wanted to say was, thank you Martin, for helping me to look for my son. I know you got the sack from your job - not News At Ten - the other one. And I just want to say, that their loss is my gain.
73) 7) dialog: Good night Martin.
75) 0) text: MARTIN is sitting at a table, working at his laptop, sipp from a black coffee. The breakfast area is busy, and in f of him PHILOMENA is enjoying herself investigating what i offer at the hot buffet. CLOSE UP: the computer screen. MARTIN is working through long list of files; we see pictures of different males of varying ages, all named ‘Anthony’ or ‘Tony’ Lee. Some Christian names are spelt with a ‘h’, some without; some surnames spelt ‘Leigh’ or ‘Lea’. Each file is different, have a military appearance, some civil, some even appear be criminal records. 68. MARTIN looks up and sees PHILOMENA chatting with the CHEF the omelette station and overhears a snatch of conversati
75) 1) dialog: -we don’t really have Mexicans in England, we have the Indians instead, and everybody loves curry. He returns to his laptop. He is checking the photos attac to the records; one is a cutting showing a blonde busines shaking hands with somebody; another is a young black boy another is a man in a marines uniform. MARTIN dwells on s but quickly rejects others. He dials a number on his mobi waits impatiently for it to go through:
75) 3) dialog: Martin they’ve got pancakes over there, and waffles and omelettes - any filling - and cereals and bacon and sausage and-
75) 5) dialog: -anything you like. The breakfast is included isn’t it?
75) 7) dialog: Mine wakes up before I do. I’m having a ham and Swiss cheese omelette - shall I get you one?
75) 9) dialog: Why don’t you have some blueberries?
75) 20) dialog: There’s no need to be rude. He’s a very kind man, Antonio.
75) 22) dialog: What do you mean? 70.
75) 24) dialog: You should be nice to people on the way up because you might meet them again on the way down. I’d have thought you of all people would understand that. This stings, though maybe she didn’t mean it to. And then again, maybe she did? PHILOMENA (cont’d) I’d rather you were rude to me than the nice people who work here.
76) 0) text: MARTIN is studying his laptop. He sees a new e-mail in hi inbox from ‘Owsianoska, Caroline’, entitled ‘Anthony Lee’ opens it and clicks on a link. As he waits for it to down he sees PHILOMENA back at the omelette station, and catch snippet of her renewed conversation with the CHEF.
76) 1) dialog: -were you born in Mexico? Well you must like nachos? My grand daughter Natalie got me into them. I’ve never been to Mexico - I hear it’s lovely apart from the kidnappings- Shaking his head in exasperation, he turns back to the sc where an image downloads line by line from the top of the screen. We make out a blurry newspaper photo of a little and girl, holding hands with a smart, middle-aged couple posing at an airport arrivals lounge. MARTIN hears PHILOM share a laugh with the CHEF and is about to look over to when the image reveals the boy is holding a tin toy aerop in his hand. Stunned, he recognizes it instantly. He has found Anthony. The headline above the cutting reads: ‘New Life For Irish Orphans’. 71. Excited, he scans the article, picks up the surname Hess finds the boy’s Christian name: Michael. He puts ‘Michael Hess, D.O.B. 07.05.52’ into a search eng waits a few moments, then clicks on a site - the official site of the Republican Party. There is a picture of the a Michael, early 30s, smiling, in a formal head and shoulde pose. But it’s the passage at the top of the page which j him: Michael A. Hess: (b) 07.05.52 - (d) 08.15.95. He sta at the legend (d). Surely not..? Scarcely able to believe it, he scans the article below t picture, picks out some key sentences: ‘Michael was broug to the US from Ireland by his adoptive parents...’ and th at the end: ’... Michael died on August 15th, 1995.’ See MARTIN: Oh God, he’s dead... MARTIN looks up to see PHILOMENA making her way back to t table with her omelette and a bowl of raspberries. In a p he quickly shuts down the window showing the young Anthon clutching the aeroplane. PHILOMENA (cont’d) They’ve run out of blueberries so I got you raspberries instead. MARTIN just stares at her, frozen expression. She misinterprets this as an admonishment. PHILOMENA (cont’d) Oh, I’m sorry. Quiet time. As PHILOMENA puts down her tray she glances at the screen now just displaying the image of the adult Michael in the formal pose. She stares at it and, even though she can’t what Anthony would look like as a grown man, puts her han her chest. PHILOMENA (cont’d) That’s my Anthony. She looks at MARTIN, who doesn’t answer. But his eyes not only confirm this they tell her something else... she clutches her crucifix. PHILOMENA (cont'd) He’s dead... isn’t he.
76) 5) dialog: (Anguished) He doesn’t want coffee he wants blueberries! PHILOMENA starts to cry.
77) 0) text: BACH CONTINUES over... We see PHILOMENA in the back of a taxi on the way to the airport, the lights of the city playing on her window. Sh numb, disengaged from all that’s going on around her. The taxi stops at some traffic lights.
78) 0) text: BACH CONTINUES, building to a swell... PHILOMENA stares out at the PEOPLE in the street; she can understand how life is going on when Anthony is gone. She sees a YOUNG WOMAN picked up by her BOYFRIEND and swung r playfully as he gives her a kiss. He then pretends liftin her has hurt his back; she laughs. MARTIN looks across to PHILOMENA, not knowing what to say The lights change, the taxi pulls away.
79) 0) text: PHILOMENA sits by herself on a row of chairs in the airpo lounge, this ‘cathedral’ to modern life. We see her in profile, staring inscrutably at something. She seems sudd old, bird like. Now we REVEAL what she’s looking at: a pi of iconography - a huge Calvin Klein poster in portrait aspect of a beautiful female model laughing in a casual embrace with a devastatingly handsome, be-stubbled male model. She wears a negligee, he wears a vest. They have perfect teeth. Perfect lives. They are shamelessly happy. SCORE ENDS.
80) 0) text: PHILOMENA sits with MA SALLY (CONT'D) (cont'd) What did he die of?
80) 14) dialog: I remember that day at the fair, his father made me laugh by pretending to be an old man. (Smiles, remembering) And then I made him laugh by pretending to be an old lady. (Beat, the smile disappears) And now I am one... I’1l never know if Anthony ever thought about me. I’‘1l never be able to say sorry.
80) 16) dialog: Stay?
80) 18) dialog: What for? And now he must grit his teeth and begin the lie. 75.
80) 20) dialog: I think I’d rather just go home. On Martin: so this is what it has come down to - forced t persuade an old lady to stay with him against her wishes, against his better judgement.
80) 22) dialog: Will it?
80) 24) dialog: Really?
80) 26) dialog: I didn’t know that.
82) 0) text: MARTIN and PHILOMENA walk back up to the reception desk w their shoulder bags. The RECEPTIONIST recognizes them:
82) 5) dialog: I suppose they’1ll just have to use the ‘not so happy’ photo...
83) 0) text: They are back in Philomena’s old room. MARTIN is at a des tapping away at his laptop, PHILOMENA is sitting on a sof watching ‘Big Momma’s House’. MARTIN, uncomfortable with heavy emotion of the situation, looks across to her, sees has a glazed expression:
83) 2) dialog: I thought it would make me laugh. MARTIN tries to make some sense of what she’s watching.
83) 4) dialog: I don’t know.
83) 6) dialog: Oh... (She thinks about this) Yes please. He offers her his chair; she gets up and walks over, sitt down in front of his laptop. She puts her glasses on and stares at the photo: it’s a wide, group shot with about twenty people in it, including Anthony and Marcia, at a formal function.
83) 8) dialog: He looks very smart.
83) 11) dialog: Yes I had them earlier.
83) 13) dialog: Martin... This man looks just like you. He stops by the door. She points to a figure in the back of the photo. MARTIN walks back over to the desk and look more closely. Puzzled, he enlarges the picture slightly, looks intently at the figure.
83) 15) dialog: Where?
83) 17) dialog: Oh dear God...
83) 19) dialog: (Hungrily) What was he like? 79. Now we see the first chink in Martin’s armour of detachme he is personally involved. He knows how desperate PHILOME is for information, and he wants to help - but he can’t. stares again at the grainy, blown up image of him standin just a few feet away from Michael.
83) 21) dialog: You must remember something.
83) 23) dialog: What was his handshake like? MARTIN looks at her, not even remembering this but desper to come up with something for her.
83) 25) dialog: So he had a strong handshake?
83) 27) dialog: Well that’s something. (Beat) What else?
83) 29) dialog: Oh I always dressed him smart. Can you remember anything he said?
83) 31) dialog: (Repeating the word, as if it were significant) ‘Hello.’
83) 33) dialog: It doesn’t matter... As she always does, PHILOMENA concentrates on the positiv PHILOMENA (cont'd) (Big smile) He was smart, and he had a firm handshake. She tries to convince herself that if this is all she fin out about him, it will be enough. MARTIN is uncomfortable with himself. SCORE: PIANO MUSIC.
85) 0) text: PHILOMENA is confronted with a table covered with photos Michael, stunned at this feast laid out for her - a feast memories she never had. There are a mix of formal and cas photos. We see some of him with Marcia on his arm dressed formally in evening wear.
85) 3) dialog: He’d never have got a job like that if he’d stayed with me. (Staring at the photo, her mind begins to drift) I think he would have worked at McEverleys. She looks up, sees MARTIN’S and MARCIA’S blank faces. PHILOMENA (cont’d) They're a firm of solicitors in Castlebar. Did he ever mention Ireland to you Marcia?
85) 6) dialog: He looks very happy here, who’s this fella? She picks up a picture of Pete Olsson, tall, handsome, bearded.
85) 8) dialog: Were you his girlfriend Marcia?
85) 10) text: MARCIA (cont'd) (Looks at MARTIN, awkward) «+. I don’t know if you knew, but he was gay. MARTIN seems to freeze at this news; PHILOMENA appears no react at all. MARCIA (cont'd) I would accompany him when he went to official functions because being gay was frowned upon in the Republican party. But he was very charming and very charismatic. PHILOMENA clasps her chest.
85) 11) dialog: I knew it Martin... I knew he'd be charismatic. (To MARCIA) Now did he father any children Marcia?
85) 13) dialog: Oh, I always knew that. I just thought he might have been bi- curious. (They look at her) A lot of the nurses I worked with were gay but one of them, called Brendan, told me he was bi-curious. I don’t think he could make up his mind Marcia.
85) 15) dialog: Did Pete love him?
86) 0) text: PHILOMENA and MARTIN walk down steps, away from the Capit building.
86) 2) dialog: Well, he was a very sensitive little soul. And as the years rolled on I always wondered if he might be. Then, when I saw that photograph of him in the dungarees, well there was no doubt in my mind...
87) 5) dialog: (Long beat, looking at
88) 0) text: MARY, PHILOMENA and MARTIN sit at a table in the garden, PHILOMENA looking through a wallet of photos Mary has giv her. Mary’s two grandchildren, a BOY aged 5 and a girl, 3 play together. PHILOMENA studies a photo of Michael with elderly woman with glasses and grey hair, (MARGE).
88) 2) dialog: Was she a nice lady Mary - she looks like a nice lady.
88) 6) dialog: It’s all right Mary, I know that Anthony was a gay homosexual. And we met Marcia - who I believe was his beard, is that right Martin?
88) 8) dialog: It must have been terrible, having to keep it a secret his whole life. She’s talking about Anthony but we know she is also talki about herself.
88) 9) dialog: PHILOMENA (cont'd) (Beat, quiet voice) I assume my son died from Aids.
88) 14) dialog: (Suddenly understanding) Ahhh - because some of them wouldn’t wear condoms because they said it spoilt the feeling. See MARTIN and MARY, looking uncomfortable. PHILOMENA (cont'd) Where’s he buried Mary?
88) 17) dialog: Hmm... PHILOMENA clutches at one last straw. PHILOMENA (cont'd) Mary, can I just ask, there’s one thing I’d like to know. Did Anthony ever mention Ireland, or where he'd come from?
88) 19) dialog: No. Why would you... She smiles weakly, but is crushed. We move slowly to a CL UP on PHILOMENA as the SCORE swells, MARTIN’S small talk like white noise in the background... 87.
88) 29) dialog: I was going to ask you Martin, if it would be possible to not use my real name when you write the story? He looks at her, doesn’t answer. PHILOMENA (cont’d) Perhaps you could call me Nancy? I’ve always loved that name. My niece is called Nancy... oh - people might think it’s her. (Thinks some more) What about Helen? Helen Keller? No, there’s someone already called that, isn’t there.
88) 31) dialog: I'd like to stop off and go to confession, if we could find a church on the way back.
88) 33) dialog: In the greatest saint there is a speck of dust, in the greatest sinner, a spark of gold.
88) 35) dialog: You learn that in the Bible.
88) 37) dialog: Like what?
88) 39) dialog: Well you’re being silly now - they’re both good books. He sighs exasperated.
88) 46) dialog: No, I think He’1ll just say that you're a feckin’ eejit. His expression freezes - stunned at her using language li this. She exits the car, slamming the door behind her. MA watches her go inside, feeling completely discombobulated
90) 0) text: PHILOMENA is kneeling in the darkened cubicle. From behin the curtain we hear a voice:
90) 8) dialog: I was doing some thinking in there. I’m going to get a loan from the Bradford and Bigley Martin-
90) 10) dialog: -because I don’t have a mortgage now and I can have an extension for ten thousand pounds - my friend Rene did that and had a conservatory built. I don’t need a conservatory and I could give you the money to cover the cost of all the flights and the hotel rooms and then you won’t be out of pocket and you won’t have to publish the story because I don’t want it published - I don’t want anyone to know about this, ever. She is a keeping a tight rein on her emotions.
90) 12) dialog: Well, you heard what Mary said - she said he never gave me a second thought. He wasn’t my Anthony - he was somebody else’s Michael. He probably hated the thought of me.
90) 14) dialog: I should never have let him out of my sight.
90) 18) dialog: People need to know about what happened to you. This is an injustice, it needs to be exposed. She looks into his eyes, senses that his priorities are n longer what she thought they were. Her voice lowers.
90) 19) dialog: You’d better call your friend back... She gets in the car. OUT on MARTIN, troubled.
92) 0) text: MARTIN and PHILOMENA walk up to their hotel rooms in sile She gets to hers first, but can’t work the key-card. He inserts his and opens his door straight away. He looks ac to her struggling.
92) 2) dialog: (Coldly - she’s still angry with him) I know how to do it. She takes the key-card out, turns it round, re-inserts it opens the door. She goes inside, the door clicking behind her. A moment on MARTIN, aware of the disconnect with PHILOMENA, before he enters his room.
97) 2) dialog: What’s the matter?
97) 8) dialog: I was just out here having a little cry, that’s all. She is quite calm - if anyone is distressed it’s MARTIN.
97) 10) dialog: I hope you didn’t think I was going to jump off the balcony? A little smile plays across her lips as it occurs to her he might well have been thinking this.
97) 12) dialog: No thank you. I just want to have... (Phrase pops into her head) -some quiet time.
98) 3) dialog: Martin, there’s something I have to say to you- He looks up, surprised to see her down in the bar. PHILOMENA (cont'd) I’ve made a decision and my mind’s made up and there’s nothing you can say that’s going to make me change it. (Beat) I appreciate everything you’ve done for me, and thank you for putting up with me, I’ve enjoyed the hotels and all the food and everything, but this hasn't really worked out the way that I wanted it to. So, tomorrow I think we should get on an aeroplane and go back to England. There it is, and that’s an end to it. (Beat) And don’t try to change my mind by saying all clever things and trying to confuse me because I didn’t go to Oxbridge like you- MARTIN’S mobile starts to ring, interrupting the argument checks the display: ‘Sally Mitchell’ and quickly kills th call without answering. He looks at her:
98) 5) dialog: I don’t give a shiny shoe about that - it’s all the same to me! MARTIN begins to fiddle with his lap-top. 100.
98) 7) dialog: Go on your own! I’m not going all that way just to hear another person say that Anthony didn’t give two hoots about me, and that I abandoned him and all the rest of it... MARTIN points to the Harp symbol on the side of his pint Guinness.
98) 9) dialog: All I want to do is go home and mind my own business, and watch David Attenborough on the telly and I’'1l be happy with that.
98) 11) dialog: It’s a Celtic harp.
98) 13) dialog: (Beat) A Celtic Harp.
98) 15) dialog: Perhaps he played the harp? He was gay..?
100) 0) text: MUSIC OVER: a MONTAGE SEQUENCE showing the little hire ca making the pilgrimage into the suburbs of Washington to Michael’s former home in Potomac Village. They drive unde large manicured trees into a manicured village. We take i the ever changing landscape; we see miscellaneous shots o people and resonant landmarks along the route. We see PHILOMENA through her open window, alongside MARTIN, driv She is slurping on some monstrous creamy, syrupy Frappucc concoction, enjoying the wind on her face.
102) 0) text: The hire car pulls into the drive, as far from the house possible. PHILOMENA and MARTIN study the house.
102) 2) dialog: I think he would have been happy living in a house like that, don’t you Martin?
102) 4) dialog: (Beat) I couldn't have given him a life like this. She gazes at the house, delighting on every detail. PHILOMENA (cont’d) (Nervous ) So what do we do now? The car pulls forward. MARTIN surveys the empty drive.
102) 6) dialog: What’s that, doorstep?
102) 8) dialog: Oh look Martin - a little red Mazda. A red, open top Mazda Miata passes and turns into the dri
104) 2) dialog: Martin, whatever he thinks... I did love my son.
104) 4) dialog: (beat) We what do we do now?
104) 6) dialog: What’s that?
106) 2) dialog: (Suddenly panicking) But he won’t want to speak to me - he’1l just shut the door in your face. He gives her a confident smile and gets out of the car.
108) 0) text: PHILOMENA in the car. She sees MARTIN turn away and walk back, defeated. Her heart goes out to him, but she can fe the anger rising in her. MARTIN gets in the car, utterly deflated. A few moment’s silence: 105.
108) 2) dialog: Never mind, at least you tried. A moment, then PHILOMENA gets out of the car.
108) 4) dialog: Wait here. The door was slammed in Martin’s face - but it was slamme her face too. She marches off to have this out with Pete, once and for all. MARTIN reluctantly stays in the car.
109) 0) text: We now follow PHILOMENA up to the door. She rings the bel and again PETE answers. Expecting MARTIN again, he looks PHILOMENA, thrown by the sight of this little old lady no his doorstep.
109) 1) dialog: I just want to talk about my son. He was taken from me. And I’ve been looking for him ever since. OUT on PETE, totally unprepared for this. But as he looks her, he sees the honesty shining through. And we know he not going to shut the door on her again.
110) 0) text: CLOSE UP on a plasma screen. SCORE OVER the SUPER 8 foota we saw earlier of little Anthony on the airport tarmac, clutching his aeroplane and wearing his smart coat. The footage moves into a CLOSE UP of little ANTHONY. Over thi image we now see PHILOMENA’S face appear, translucently, that of her son.
110) 2) dialog: Isn’t he handsome Martin? We are ON MARTIN, him watching the screen (which we don’t see). He does not respond to Philomena, his eyes transfix by something he is looking at. Seeing his expression she TURNS BACK, puzzled, to look at the screen - and her expression pales. PHILOMENA (cont'd) No...
110) 6) dialog: (looking at the screen) He came to look for me?
110) 8) dialog: Sister Hildegard.
110) 10) dialog: They always told me they didn’t know where Anthony was. PETE looks confused.
110) 12) dialog: (Whisper, voice full of emotion) I did not abandon my child. MARTIN gets up, unable to contain his emotions.
111) 0) text: We are driving up the drive to the Abbey. The shots are t same as they were in the earlier scene. 108. MARTIN drives, PHILOMENA alongside. As they pull up outsi the Abbey they fall quiet for a moment, pondering what’s coming.
111) 1) dialog: We’ve come full circle.
111) 3) dialog: Oh Martin that’s lovely, did you just think of that?
111) 5) dialog: Well never mind it’s still nice.
111) 7) dialog: (beat) You’re not going to make a scene in there are you?
112) 0) text: They walk up to the Abbey building together in silence, PHILOMENA’S expression set, her emotions only just in che MARTIN looks angry. At the Abbey building PHILOMENA press the buzzer and, as before, the YOUNG NUN opens the door.
112) 4) dialog: Now remember Martin, it’s not her fault. She didn’t know that Anthony had a different name. Of course she is saying this as much to herself as Martin Frustrated, he leans back in his chair in angry silence, up, paces about. He stops to look at a classic ‘Sacred He image of Jesus on the wall, one so familiar to Irish households: Christ, palms turned outwards, displays stigm wounds, and his heart is visible beneath his robes, glowi and enveloped in a crown of thorns. He turns to see PHILO sitting on the edge of her chair, bag on her lap, waiting obediently that he is irritated by her. He looks at his w - the delay in seeing them is outrageous. He can’t stand in this room any more and slips quietly outside.
116) 19) dialog: Nothing. There’s nothing to be said. I’ve found my son, that’s what I came here for. The room falls quiet. MARTIN sees PHILOMENA standing at t door Sister Claire and the Priest came through. PHILOMENA (cont’d) (She wants to go) Martin.
116) 23) dialog: (Sharply) That’s enough Martin!
116) 26) dialog: Stop it! Stop it! (To CLAIRE and the PRIEST) I’m sorry, I didn’t want him to come in here like this and make a scene. MARTIN gets up and goes over to PHILOMENA. We see a pious smile creep across HILDEGARDE’S face.
116) 28) dialog: I know! But it happened to me. Not you. And it’s up to me what to do about all this. It’s my choice.
116) 30) dialog: No. (Beat) I’m going to forgive. (Turns to Sister Hildegarde) ) Sister Hildegarde, I want you to know that I forgive you. HILDEGARDE’S face drops and she turns her head away from PHILOMENA with an angry grunt, much happier with Martin's abuse than Philomena’s forgiveness. MARTIN looks at PHILOMENA, floored.
116) 32) dialog: It’s not ‘just like that’! It’s hard. It’s a hard thing to do. (Tears in her eyes) I don’t want to hate people. Look at you. I don’t want to be like you.
116) 34) dialog: I know. It must be exhausting. PHILOMENA smiles. She feels much better now. PHILOMENA (cont'd) Sister Claire, would you be kind enough to take me to my son’s grave. A silence. Sister CLAIRE stands.
117) 0) text: WIDE SHOT: A thin drizzles falls as Sister CLAIRE leads PHILOMENA to journey’s end, a headstone in a little corne the Abbey grounds by a ruined monastery.
119) 0) text: PHILOMENA kneels down and uses her hand to brush some sto and dirt from the grave. In soft focus, background, we se MARTIN approaching. He walks right up to her until he’s beside her. She stands up and looks at him.
119) 1) dialog: He knew I’d find him here. She shuts her eyes, hands clasped together as if in silen prayer. On this we...
120) 0) text: YOUNG PHILOMENA sweeps young Anthony up in her arms and kisses him.
121) 0) text: 1984. A head shot of MICHAEL, mid-30s, before he was ill. is looking down, (out of shot he is reading a book). He l up and smiles; he could be smiling at PHILOMENA.
122) 0) text: 1951. The same size shot of Anthony’s father, JOHN, at th fair, smiling at PHILOMENA.
123) 0) text: Same size shot, PHILOMENA present day. She stands. She is smiling, turns to MARTIN.
123) 3) dialog: Oh Martin... She takes it from him and smiles, gratefully. She kneels, places the plastic Jesus on Anthony's Grave. PHILOMENA (CONT’D) Thank you. She crosses herself. As she looks at the plastic Jesus: PHILOMENA (CONT’D) You know, I'd just decided that I did want you to tell my story after all... She walks away from the grave. He follows. And now we...
124) 0) text: MARTIN and PHILOMENA walk back arm in arm to their hire c parked at the front of the Abbey. They are closer than ev after all they’ve been through; MARTIN helps her in then, he goes to get in his side: PHILOMENA (CONT’D) Oh, Martin, I’ve just finished that book, ‘The Saddle and the Loom’ - would you like to read it? 117. He gets in, shuts the door and starts up.
124) 2) dialog: Well there’s this weaver, she’s quite plain really, pretty but plain, and she’s told she has to work all through the night to weave a beautiful cloak of the finest silk for the master - this nobleman fella - to wear on his wedding day...
125) 0) text: The hire car winds it’s way through the breathtaking scen From inside, PHILOMENA continues with the story...
125) 1) dialog: »-- and so she works all through the night and she shows him the cloak and asks him what do you think kind sir? And he says ‘it’s beautiful - I’ve never seen anything more beautiful in my whole life’. But guess what, he’s not even looking at the cloak. He’s looking at her Martin! Well, I never saw that coming.