3) 7) dialog: 
11) 3) dialog: Did you let him put his hands on you?
11) 6) dialog: Did you take your knickers down? YOUNG PHILOMENA looks at the two older women, their eyes boring into her. She is too petrified to answer. 11.
11) 9) dialog: He got an awful lot for his toffee apple.
11) 12) dialog: Her mother died ten years ago.
23) 2) dialog: Come away from there! She turns, scalded, and there is YOUNG SISTER HILDEGARDE.
23) 3) dialog: What are you doing out here?
23) 5) dialog: Well... you’re not unique in that regard. Put your mind to your work and it’1l pass. 25. PHILOMENA retreats miserably to the laundry - she now kno all hope has gone for Kathleen.
32) 2) text: YOUNG SISTER HILDEGARDE, inside the Abbey, looks out upon hearing this cry and see the distraught, broken YOUNG PHILOMENA. The older woman digests the scene for a moment then callously moves on.
41) 0) text: MARTIN is looking at the photos on the wall... a head and shoulders photo from the early 60s of Mother Barbara and YOUNG SISTER HILDEGARDE on the Abbey steps, starched Wimp crucifixes around their necks; a nun holding a baby; two tending rows of cots (as in scene 22).
113) 0) text: He emerges by the gift stand, checks that there is no-one around, then - his blood up - crosses to the double doors through which he saw Sister HILDEGARDE on his last visit. knows through there is where the nuns live. He slips quie through the doors.
116) 0) text: He enters a communal living area. Two elderly NUNS are in there; they turn to face him - neither is HILDEGARDE. The from a door to his left, SISTER CLAIRE and a PRIEST emerg As they shut the door behind them he sees, in the room be them, in a wheelchair, Sister HILDEGARDE. This is who he looking for.
116) 13) dialog: Not very Christian is it- This is too much for the old nun to bear - she grabs the wheels of her wheelchair and stops her. Finally, HILDEGAR speaks, jabbing a bony finger at MARTIN. 112. SISTER HILDEGARDE (cont'd) Let me tell you something - I have kept my vow of chastity my whole life. Self denial and mortification of the flesh, that’s what brings us closer to God.
116) 15) dialog: Those girls have nobody to blame but themselves, and their own carnal incontinence.
116) 18) dialog: What’s done is done - what do you expect us to do about it now?