4) 0) text: ABBIE (28, Sophisticated NYC art-punk type) stands in gow OBGYN office, looking confused, vulnerable, but armed wit late 70's clunky Nikon camera. She studies her doctor put a swab into a tube, writing her name; she takes a photogr Turns and takes a photo of the room, her doctor is used t this. She watches an assistant come in and take the swab (and h future fate) in its plastic container away - go down the hall, and disappear around a corner.
5) 0) text: The technician carries the little swab down the hall, ina clear plastic bag. INT. DOROTHEA’S SIDE DOOR Abbie walks in, looking lost, puts her bag down in the kitchen. INT. ABBIE’S ROOM Now in her room, Talking Heads playing loudly, her pain p and she begins to dance alone. EXT. DOROTHEA’S HOUSE Julie rides her bike past a line of old VWs and an old 30 Chevy. INT. DOROTHEA’S HOUSE Julie enters the house, walks towards WILLIAM (Mid 40's p hippie type). 5. William takes on a major job on his own (tearing down cei in entry way). Reveal that this is a big house, needing repair under serious renovations.
5) 2) dialog: They’re not home. Abbie takes her picture.
5) 4) dialog: I'm taking pictures of everything that happens to me in a day.
5) 7) text: Hey. William enters and helps them, Julie and Abbie enter a be later.
5) 13) dialog: How did it happen?
5) 17) dialog: They never tell you anything, I won't know for like a week. Dorothea gives her an encouraging look. ABBIE (CONT’D) I’m gonna be late on rent.
5) 19) dialog: Thanks. Abbie looks at Dorothea with love and admiration. INT. JAMIE’S BEDROOM - DAY Jamie lies flat on his bed. Julie’s next to him, processi earnestly worried for him.
9) 0) text: Dorothea is alone. Lost in thought. An ironing board in t background. Just smoking and thinking. Then, from above, plays. She looks up, in the direction of the sound. Rises INT. ABBIE’S ROOM - NIGHT Jamie and Abbie sit together, listening to The Raincoats Fairytale In The Supermarket. Abbie’s looking at the cove Jamie's looking through her other records. Dorothea appears in the doorway, observing her son, and h obvious love of this. She enters, sits down and listens w them, an awkward moment.
9) 2) dialog: It’s The Raincoats. She nods awkwardly to the beat, trying to relate.
9) 6) dialog: Yea, it’s like they’ve got this feeling, and they don’t have any skill, and they don’t want skill, because it’s really interesting what happens when your passion is bigger than the tools you have to deal with it. It creates this energy that’s raw. Isn’t it great? 17. CU on Dorothea feeling like an outsider, lost. INT. DOROTHEA’S BEDROOM Dorothea sits at the edge of her bed, smoking and thinkin
15) 0) text: She exits his room, exhausted, she finds Julie and Abbie waiting in the hallway. This means a lot to Dorothea, she sit’s next to them. 20.
17) 2) dialog: What’re we talking about? Dorothea struggles, wants them just to understand.
17) 4) dialog: I think history and men? They stand talking on the beach... CONVERSATION PRELAPS...
18) 0) text: CLOSE on Dorothea - conversation continues. She is vulnerable. Seated at the table with Abbie and Julie.
18) 5) dialog: I don’t understand what you’re asking.
18) 8) dialog: What about William? He’s a guy, wouldn’t he be better for this? The girls look at each other, they take this more serious
18) 11) dialog: But what if I’m not good at it? 24.
20) 0) text: A seedy section of Sunset, Jamie finishes a call and hang payphone. INT. DOROTHEA’S DINING ROOM - NIGHT Dorothea, Abbie, and William are eating. Jamie’s conspicu absent, a place set for him. William returns to the table phone.
20) 4) dialog: Aren’t you worried?
20) 6) dialog: If it made him this mad, maybe it wasn’t a good idea? Dorothea looks at Abbie, smokes, inscrutable.
23) 1) dialog: Hey.
23) 3) dialog: I had a new idea, for my work. Maybe just shoot all my stuff, everything I own, or everything that’s important to me. A portrait of myself through all the objects I own? Can I show you?
23) 5) dialog: Bra, birth control, “On Photography” by Susan Sontag, my shoes, underwear, a picture of a picture of my mom... I’m gonna do a bunch of them. He looks through some of her test Polaroids. Sort of immediately engrossed.
23) 7) dialog: You want to fool around, with me?
23) 9) dialog: You know I’m recovering from cervical cancer?
23) 12) dialog: Of course you do. How did she get so far off course? She closes her eyes an him again.
26) 15) dialog: I’m gonna need a story. 33.
26) 18) dialog: No... sorry. This isn’t William’s usual comfort zone, not his trip. Bu something about Abbie’s strength has him. CUT TO: William stands beside the bed, pretending to be h photographer. He wants to play her game, doesn’t really k how.
26) 19) dialog: Okay, so do I just?
26) 21) dialog: Oh, Hi. Do I just look in the camera, or should I look off to the side?
26) 23) dialog: Okay, should I smile? 34.
26) 25) dialog: Yeah.
26) 27) dialog: Oh, you took it. I thought you would say like 1, 2, 3...
26) 29) dialog: Okay.
26) 32) dialog: Oh, no, it’s fine. I’ve just never done this before so I’m a little bit nervous. But I can wear my hair differently if you want.
26) 34) dialog: Yeah? He breaks their role playing and talks to her sincerely. 35.
34) 7) dialog: So, is Jamie okay?
34) 9) dialog: Right.
34) 25) dialog: What if I have to do chemo, or have a hysterectomy? You know what that is?
34) 27) dialog: Your mom did tell me to share my life with you...
35) 0) text: CLOSE ON Abbie’s confused, wide open face, hanging there. she’s in a paper gown.
35) 2) dialog: Yeah?
35) 4) dialog: What about in the future? 42.
35) 6) dialog: Incompetent?
36) 0) text: Abbie and Jamie walk down the hall. She looks at him, a s pain and confusion.
36) 1) dialog: He said I probably can’t have kids. But I’m gonna be OK. INT. DOROTHEA’S KITCHEN
36) 2) dialog: Having Jamie, was that the biggest thing that happened to you? What can Dorothea say? Abbie can see this is true.
36) 5) dialog: That OK? 43. She gets up for a closer look.
36) 7) dialog: (No) It’s a boy and a girl. The guy at the store said they’re monogamous for life, if one dies the other one will die like a week later.
36) 9) dialog: Max and Carlotta are really good names. INT. DOROTHEA’S KITCHEN - DAY Jamie's looking distraught after his visit to the doctor, with Abbie. It’s a lot to take in. AFTER A BEAT OF THAT - Dorothea comes to the door. She pauses, processing all that she just heard from Abbie. Dorothea enters the room.
36) 21) dialog: (whispers) Punch me. He does in slow motion, softly. She liked that. She leave He picks up a magazine and does his best imitation of an adult who belongs there, but he’s really just a nervous 1 year old punk kid pretending to read TIME. A VERY PREGNANT TEENAGE GIRL enters, the weight of the wo on her face. Jamie can’t stop looking at her. 45.
38) 21) dialog: Thanks for coming with me.
38) 23) dialog: I made you this. She hands him a mix tape.
38) 25) dialog: These are a bunch of songs that I think my life would have been better if they would have been around when I was a teenager. And I’m hoping that if you listen to them now, you'll be a happier and more realized person than I could ever hope to be.
38) 29) text: In 1973 she moved to New York City and went to art school. New York City made her feel sane. It was so fucked up. She fell in love with photography, she learned to dance when she got sad. She saw The Man Who Fell To Earth and died her hair red. INT. ABBIE’S ROOM - DAY 49.
38) 40) dialog: I figured out being looked at, you know? Making guys excited, uncomfortable. I was so cocky, and I was so angry, and I was so happy.
39) 0) text: Abbie and DANIEL (her teacher) sit on the front steps.
39) 3) dialog: 
39) 5) dialog: 
39) 10) dialog: Mom? INT. S.B. OBGYN OFFICE: OBGYN TALKS TO GAIL AND ABBIE.
39) 13) dialog: DES was a fertility medication they gave to women, doctors prescribed it to women. Later they figured out it gave the daughters of those women who took it cervical cancer. CUT TO SINGLE DES PILL ON GREY.
40) 0) text: OFFICE; ABBIE’S LOOKING AT HER MOM CONCERNED.
40) 1) dialog: I didn’t know you had miscarriages. GAIL FEELS TRESPASSED IN MANY WAYS, NO WARMTH, ABBIE’S SURPRISED.
41) 0) text: GAIL’S FACE. REVEAL Abbie waking from her surgery, bleary, looking at Gail.
42) 0) text: Abbie, with a reporter friend, takes a picture of long-wi county supervisor for her work, how did her life end up l this?
45) 0) text: Abbie leads Dorothea and William into the grungy, graffit club filled with Santa Barbara’s punks. A local post-punk blares from the stage. Dorothea would never appear intimidated, but this is a st loud new world for her. William too. Dorothea and William get a drink at the bar.
47) 0) text: Abbie stumbles in with a busted lip, disgusted with her night. She doesn’t know what to do, then decides to go up Jamie’s room. 60. INT. JAMIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT There’s a KNOCK. Julie hides under the covers.
47) 2) dialog: I’m sorry, you awake?
47) 4) dialog: I wanted to tell you, you just have to get out of this town, If you want to have any chance at an interesting life where you can move forward.
47) 6) dialog: Oh, shit. I’m sorry.
47) 9) dialog: Can I lay down?
47) 12) dialog: I’m talking to Jamie for a sec, OK? She composes herself on the bed,
47) 13) dialog: Lynette Winters spit on me.
47) 16) dialog: So then I hit her. THEN ABBIE PUSHES LYNETTE TO THE FLOOR.
47) 18) dialog: Because I spit on her. TO ABBIE’S SURPRISE LYNETTE LUNGES BACK AT ABBIE, KNOCKIN HER TO THE FLOOR, STRADDLING HER, HITTING HER. ABBIE V.O. Right before I was going to New York and I thought I was never coming back. It felt very liberating at the time.
47) 22) dialog: And somehow I ended up breaking a chair. 62.
48) 0) text: Abbie quickly exits, bloody lip, torn up shirt. She rushe past Julian, “Hey, what happened?” She’s running down the street. It takes a block for William to catch up to her, he has t pull her to a stop. He has something to tell her.
48) 1) dialog: And then William told me he didn’t want to sleep with me anymore. Not that I ever really wanted to sleep with him. She yells at William.
48) 2) dialog: What are you saying? I don’t like you, I don’t like you, I don’t like you, I don’t like you. BACK IN JAMIE’S BEDROOM: Abbie changes her mood again. Ab gestures for Julie to look away.
48) 3) dialog: (To Julie) I’m just gonna talk to Jamie for a second. Set gets very close to him, almost sexual. ABBIE (CONT’D) Don’t let her sleep here without having sex with you, it’s disempowering. And get out of this town before you end up working in a sunglasses shop. She looks at Julie.
48) 4) dialog: That goes for you too. And with that she gets up and leaves. Julie’s jealous.
49) 0) text: Julie, Jamie, Dorothea and William eat breakfast. Abbie s with a busted lip. Dorothea’s curious - Abbie waves her o glares at William. Abbie has some books for Jamie. 63.
49) 1) dialog: Here’s some books from my feminism class. I thought they might be good for you, a woman’s perspective.
49) 4) dialog: There was a fight.
49) 6) dialog: It was ridiculous. William picks up “Our Bodies Our Selves”.
49) 9) dialog: What is a growth personality?
51) 10) dialog: They're a hardcore band, people who like them hate the Talking Heads.
51) 12) dialog: The punk scene’s very divisive.
51) 14) dialog: When dudes tell you their sex stories, don’t contradict them, trust me, just go with their fantasy of what happened. Jamie laughs. Abbie smiles, but is sad underneath. 67.
51) 16) dialog: You're very sweet to me. She plops back on her bed. Referring to everything that’s happened to her. ABBIE (CONT’D) Whatever you think your life is going to be like, just know, it’s not going to be anything like that.
53) 0) text: Abbie and Jamie walk through the club, dingy, graffiti, b bulbs. Jamie’s enthralled. 68. Abbie takes a sip of beer, pushes it to Jamie, he gulps. watches him take all this in, so young and alive, it make her feel good to be helping him. CUT TO: Abbie and Jamie standing in the crowd with TRISH (Abbie’s punk friend). Abbie whispers in his ear, he repeats.
53) 5) dialog: Age is a bourgeois construct. OK, OK. All in front of Trish... ABBIE (CONT’D) If she asks any questions, just say as little as you can. Let me see your most inscrutable face. He kind of makes one. CLOSE ON Jamie and Trish on the dance floor, punk music blaring. Abbie has found a moment of freedom.
57) 0) text: BOWIE’S “DJ” BLARES: Jamie, Trish, Abbie and some older g dance to chaotic, intense music. CLOSE ON ABBIE: feeling some of the freedom she’s been missing, some of the liberation this world used to give h
58) 0) text: Everyone piles out of the car, running across the empty d Abbie lays down in the wet grass. Jamie comes over, tryin make her feel better.
58) 2) dialog: Hey - Jamie. You’re in love with Julie. Don’t let her just run over you. Tell her what you want.
59) 0) text: Jamie, Abbie and the others make their way down the beach by Abbie’s flashes. They’re drinking, rowdy. Trish has he Jamie. CUT TO: Trish and Jamie are away from the group. Her cut- reveals her cleavage, Jamie can’t help but notice.
59) 2) dialog: I gave him beer, taught him how to verbally seduce women, we drove drunk, but I stopped that, and then he kissed Trish? Then we walked home. CUT TO: ABBIE’S BEDROOM Abbie’s talking to Dorothea in her room. Looking guilty. Dorothea cringes in motherly fear, but this is what she w
59) 4) dialog: You're not mad? You’re mad. You should be mad. It’s not that - Dorothea’s processing a lot.
59) 6) dialog: There, there he is. Dorothea looks at the stranger in the picture. INT. DOROTHEA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Dorothea lays in bed, worrying.
63) 0) text: Dorothea finds Abbie in the kitchen, something’s on her m
63) 2) dialog: What?
63) 4) dialog: (What’re you talking about?) He’s getting so much out of it. He loves it. It’s helping him a lot. Dorothea sounds more angry.
63) 6) dialog: Helping him become a man, like you were talking about. 81.
63) 8) dialog: Well what man do you know who cares anything about that? It’s a miracle!
63) 10) dialog: I think he seems really okay with it.
63) 28) dialog: Ugh, stop, I’m menstruating. Some winces and moans. Abbie’s surprised.
63) 29) dialog: Do we need to know everything I’m menstruating. that’s happening to you? More winces. Abbie’s not going to stop helping Jamie.
63) 30) dialog: You want to have an adult relationship with a woman you need to be comfortable with a woman having her period. Say menstruation like there’s nothing wrong with it - menstruation.
63) 33) dialog: (to everyone) C'mon...
63) 36) dialog: It’s a very important time for a woman. It can be very deep creatively speaking, emotionally transformative. The crew guys are uncomfortable. William tries to save it 84.
63) 46) dialog: Let her talk.
71) 0) text: Dorothea waits on a bench, after being processed. Long sh the hall, Abbie walks up to her and sits by her. Dorothea mess and kind of sweaty looks at her confused, down the h can see William waiting patiently, not wanting to add to
71) 2) dialog: Let’s get out of here. Abbie neatens Dorothea’s hair, tidies her up a little bit her arm and they walk out past the male cops, who don’t g the way, Abbie has to shoulder butt one as they pass, hol dignity together. INT. ABBIE’S CAR -— NIGHT Abbie drives her home. She’s exhausted, doesn’t want any judgement. INT. DOROTHEA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Abbie helps Dorothea into bed, gets her a glass of water.
71) 3) dialog: Having a kid seems like the hardest thing.
72) 0) text: Jamie, strung out and tired is walking down a dirt road n agrarian field. As he walks, a group of 30 or so Latino m workers cross the road and the frame. They’re heading to are as young as Jamie it seems, he stops as they all cros none of them look at him. Two different worlds. INT. DOROTHEA’S KITCHEN - MORNING Dorothea enters, finds Abbie and William at the table. Sh them, not sure, mixed feelings, anger and vulnerability.
76) 0) text: Dorothea, Abbie, Julie, Jamie and William sitting in the eating take out dinner. JUMPS CUTS; Dorothea finds an old station, 30’s-40’s music plays. Dorothea teaches Jamie to dance, Abbie joins in, then Jul and William, they all find a partner. A small moment of grace between these 5 people.
77) 0) text: Abbie, Julie and William are loaded up in Dorothea’s car, heading off. IMPROV GOODBYES. Dorothea and Jamie are alone now, they have to face each
83) 2) dialog: I will stay in Santa Barbara.
85) 0) text: DEAD BIRD IN ABBIE’S HAND.
85) 1) dialog: A month after I get married Carlotta will die. A week later, Max will die too. INT. GARAGE: PORTRAIT OF ABBIE IN HER STUDIO.
85) 2) dialog: I will work out of my garage and show in local galleries.
86) 3) dialog: Against my doctor’s advice, I will get pregnant, and by the time I’m 30 I’1l have two boys. INT. DORTHEA’S KITCHEN - DAY Dorothea sits down to do her stocks. William comes and si left, picks up a pen with his left hand, scratches her ba his right, like they do. 97.