5) 0) text: The technician carries the little swab down the hall, ina clear plastic bag. INT. DOROTHEA’S SIDE DOOR Abbie walks in, looking lost, puts her bag down in the kitchen. INT. ABBIE’S ROOM Now in her room, Talking Heads playing loudly, her pain p and she begins to dance alone. EXT. DOROTHEA’S HOUSE Julie rides her bike past a line of old VWs and an old 30 Chevy. INT. DOROTHEA’S HOUSE Julie enters the house, walks towards WILLIAM (Mid 40's p hippie type). 5. William takes on a major job on his own (tearing down cei in entry way). Reveal that this is a big house, needing repair under serious renovations.
5) 1) dialog: Oh, hey, sorry. Jamie’s not here right now. Julie walks past this. Follows the sound of music upstair INT. HALLWAY/ABBIE’S ROOM Julie can see Abbie dancing through a partially opened do Abbie captivates her, she walks towards the room, Abbie s her, snaps out of her dancing, turns off the record. Julie enters, Abbie’s still troubled by her OBGYN visit, Julie can’t really take her eyes off Abbie.
5) 7) text: Hey. William enters and helps them, Julie and Abbie enter a be later.
5) 12) dialog: You OK?
5) 15) dialog: Oh man, I’m sorry. Everyone’s perplexed. William helps unload groceries. Julie and Jamie IMPROV in background. 7. DOROTHEA PULLS ABBIE ASIDE, LOOKS AT HER, ABBIE DOESN’T W TO SHARE.
5) 34) dialog: I want to continue that around the side.
5) 36) dialog: No, the plaster is underneath it, the molding on the outside there is wood. It'll take some time... INT. DOROTHEA’S DINING ROOM - NIGHT Her party’s in full swing. An eclectic mix of people. 15 the regulars; construction guys, straight looking draftin men, a few women Dorothea’s age, and 4 firemen from befor People are all talking and drinking, eating and moving ar the room. WE CROSS BETWEEN MANY SHORT INTERWOVEN MOMENTS WITHIN THE PARTY. CAMERA MOVES WITH Dorothea showing the CHIEF a little of the house. William silently glides with them.
5) 40) dialog: We’re connected to the dirt because we came from the dirt. The dirt is made of stars and star dust the same way we are, so when you put your hands into that dirt and feel the earth mother... She laughs. INT. DOROTHEA'’S KITCHEN Dorothea busily makes her famous angel food and strawberr messy pile of a cake. Jamie’s putting in the candles. William’s piling up the plates to take in.
5) 42) dialog: I think we can work something out, maybe we’ll trade for rent or something.
8) 0) text: William tries to teach Jamie how to help out around the h with Dorothea’s encouragement. IMPROVISE TALKING ABOUT RENOVATIONS.
8) 1) dialog: You're going to be in for a legendary surprise. It’s mahogany underneath. JAMIE V.O. She's always trying to bring a man into my life.
8) 2) dialog: This is probably Honduran mahogany, really fine grain... CUT TO Dorothea and Jamie whispering away from William.
13) 0) text: William runs, carries Jamie’s limp body into the hospital everyone follows.
20) 0) text: A seedy section of Sunset, Jamie finishes a call and hang payphone. INT. DOROTHEA’S DINING ROOM - NIGHT Dorothea, Abbie, and William are eating. Jamie’s conspicu absent, a place set for him. William returns to the table phone.
20) 1) dialog: That was Jamie. He’s in LA, him and some friends went to a show.
21) 3) text: INT. DOROTHEA'’S HOUSE - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Hard cut to Dorothea working on the house late at night. sees Dorothea down the hall, working away, hard on hersel looks up and sees him. Why is it easy for her to be vulne William?
21) 5) dialog: Jamie's energy’s very unstable, I think that’s why he does all this.
23) 0) text: William’s still recovering from Dorothea’s rejection. Abb in, filled with energy.
23) 2) dialog: Hey.
23) 4) dialog: Yeah? She lays out polaroids for him to see.
23) 6) dialog: It’s sad in a way isn’t it? All this stuff? You know what I mean? She didn’t expect him to get it. She’s looking at one of objects as she talks. Longer eye contact than usual. 29. He sits, looks at her, his hand is next to her hand. Some going on for her, takes a beat to say it.
23) 8) dialog: Really? Yeah. He touches her hair. She closes her eyes, melts more than thought she would, just to be wanted is nice. She never t people about her cancer.
23) 10) dialog: I know. She can’t believe he still wants to fool around. Everyone else treats her like a leper. Takes her a beat to assess what she feels capable of. He kisses her. She smells his hair. ABBIE (CONT’D) Your hair smells good.
23) 11) dialog: I make my own shampoo.
26) 16) dialog: A what? ABBIE (CONT’D) A story, like, you're a photographer taking pictures of me, I'm like a very normal woman or something, you have to photograph me, but you can’t control yourself and you start touching me, and you shouldn’t, but you can’t stop and you keep apologizing, ‘I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry...’
26) 17) dialog: Can’t I just be me?
26) 20) dialog: Hey, nice to meet you. They shake hands.
26) 22) dialog: Let’s start that way, looking in the camera.
26) 24) dialog: Do you like to smile?
26) 26) dialog: Okay. He pretends to take a picture.
26) 28) dialog: No, I just wait for the moment.
26) 30) dialog: I just have to fix something. He leans in and fixes her bra strap. She melts.
26) 31) dialog: Sorry.
26) 33) dialog: Abbie.
26) 35) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. She doesn’t know what to say, what to feel, not where she expected to be. He kisses her. INT. JAMIE’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Julie and Jamie are in bed, listen to Abbie’s moaning thr the walls. It’s more real and adult than what Julie’s eve experienced. Camera tracks out as Jamie looks at Julie.
44) 31) dialog: Yes?
44) 33) dialog: How do you mean? 56.
44) 36) dialog: Can I come?
45) 0) text: Abbie leads Dorothea and William into the grungy, graffit club filled with Santa Barbara’s punks. A local post-punk blares from the stage. Dorothea would never appear intimidated, but this is a st loud new world for her. William too. Dorothea and William get a drink at the bar.
45) 2) dialog: You might. He’s looking right at her. He touches her hand on the bar looks at his hand like it’s a foreign object.
45) 5) dialog: 
45) 8) dialog: 
45) 10) dialog: It’s nothing serious.
45) 16) dialog: You're going?
48) 0) text: Abbie quickly exits, bloody lip, torn up shirt. She rushe past Julian, “Hey, what happened?” She’s running down the street. It takes a block for William to catch up to her, he has t pull her to a stop. He has something to tell her.
49) 0) text: Julie, Jamie, Dorothea and William eat breakfast. Abbie s with a busted lip. Dorothea’s curious - Abbie waves her o glares at William. Abbie has some books for Jamie. 63.
49) 7) dialog: I read this. The chapter on home birth. It was pretty helpful. He digs into it, he’s a mystery to them. Does he read som aloud?
49) 11) dialog: “And who knows what it means for a newborn to see wood walls and carpeted floors and to smell real human smells and to feel wool and cotton and flannel clothes instead of starchy, white, deodorized...” to me, that meant, what else? Dorothea looks on, perplexed, what is this world? INT. JAMIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Jamie in bed looks through the book SISTERHOOD IS POWERFU
54) 0) text: William and Dorothea sit at the kitchen table, drinking a beer after working on the house. Dorothea’s feeling pretty mixed up, hurt and lost. Willia can see it. We enter mid conversation. 69.
54) 1) dialog: I don’t really choose... Come to you. certain women, just... He’s not proud of it.
54) 3) dialog: That’s not how most people see it... What about you? What happened to Jamie's father?
54) 5) dialog: Must’ve been something good about him. She stops and thinks.
54) 8) dialog: That's it?
54) 10) dialog: You ever meditate?
55) 0) text: He’s sitting on the edge of his bed, eyes closed. Dorothe in a chair across from him, sneaking peeks at him. There is something calming about it, and his strange litt room with his pottery in it. She finds her cigarettes, li up. The sound wakes him up, she mimes ‘keep going, I’m fi I’m just gonna smoke while I meditate.’ William laughs, enjoys her humor, they share a look. He smiles at her.
55) 3) dialog: I learned to be like them, you know? As it turns out, it was a lot easier than I thought it would be, but it wasn’t really me, I was doing it so I wouldn’t lose Theresa. Dorothea smiles.
55) 5) dialog: After Theresa women didn’t have to look one way or the other, or be a certain way. I think that I just want to win them over so that I won’t be lonely. But once I have them don’t really know what to do with them. DOROTHEA V.O. What he likes is making bowls. He doesn’t smell like oil and grease, his hands don’t look like a dumb mechanic’s hands. 71.
55) 23) dialog: Maybe? It’s part Volkswagon now. I had to improvise.
55) 25) dialog: I think so.
56) 0) text: They cruise in the old Ford. INT. MEL’S BAR - NIGHT Dorothea at the juke box, she selects an old GENE AUSTIN sways alone on the empty dance floor. William appears and fluid hippie style. She looks at him in disbelief.
56) 3) dialog: I’m William, I live downstairs, with all the cars.
56) 5) dialog: Would you like to dance? She reaches out and takes his hand, awkwardly pulls him i 73.
58) 5) dialog: Abbie understands it.
58) 7) dialog: We don’t need to like this. Dorothea needs to know why this works, she puts the needl the music starts up again.
58) 9) dialog: ‘Head on my shoulders, it’s going berserk.’
58) 11) dialog: I don’t know either Dorothea. He takes her hand, stands her up.
58) 12) dialog: Maybe we're over thinking it. 75. CUT TO: The MUSIC’s LOUDER. William and Dorothea dance he sort of a light mosh, awkward. They slowly stop.
63) 37) dialog: Sex during menstruation can be very pleasurable for a woman, even provide relief from cramps. Jamie, I also want to say, never have sex with just the vagina, have sex with the whole woman.
63) 40) dialog: Jack Nicholson’s character gets a lobotomy so the big Indian guy, like suffocates him with a pillow - so he’1l be, I don’t know, free. More long looks at William.
71) 0) text: Dorothea waits on a bench, after being processed. Long sh the hall, Abbie walks up to her and sits by her. Dorothea mess and kind of sweaty looks at her confused, down the h can see William waiting patiently, not wanting to add to
72) 0) text: Jamie, strung out and tired is walking down a dirt road n agrarian field. As he walks, a group of 30 or so Latino m workers cross the road and the frame. They’re heading to are as young as Jamie it seems, he stops as they all cros none of them look at him. Two different worlds. INT. DOROTHEA’S KITCHEN - MORNING Dorothea enters, finds Abbie and William at the table. Sh them, not sure, mixed feelings, anger and vulnerability.
76) 0) text: Dorothea, Abbie, Julie, Jamie and William sitting in the eating take out dinner. JUMPS CUTS; Dorothea finds an old station, 30’s-40’s music plays. Dorothea teaches Jamie to dance, Abbie joins in, then Jul and William, they all find a partner. A small moment of grace between these 5 people.
77) 0) text: Abbie, Julie and William are loaded up in Dorothea’s car, heading off. IMPROV GOODBYES. Dorothea and Jamie are alone now, they have to face each
86) 4) dialog: I‘1l live with Dorothea for another year. Then I’1l open a pottery store in Sedona Arizona. EXT. WILLIAM’S POTTERY AREA: WILLIAM TALKS TO CAMERA.
86) 5) dialog: I will marry Laurie, a singer- songwriter. We'll get divorced in a year. Then I’1l meet Sandy, we will marry, and I will continue to do my pottery.