29) 2) text: 52 There is TV equipment and cables all over the room. Nicki and Lois enter. Nickie stares at the TV equipment.
31) 0) text: shooting toward rail where Terry and Nickie are stand- ing, separated by four passengers. Terry is looking down, waving at Kenneth while Nickie is busy looking down at Lois.
32) 0) text: shooting down into crowd waiting on dock. Lois with photographers surrounding her is looking up excitedly, waving to Nickie while Kenneth standing nearby is fran- tically trying to locate Terry on the boat,
34) 0) text: spots Terry on the upper deck and waves and grins at her. EXT. DECK - CLOSE SHOT - TERRY - DAY ‘ now looks from Kenneth to Nickie and nods, "Yes, that's he" then she looks down at Lois.
35) 0) dialog: with photographers aroynd her.
36) 0) text: Nickie looks down at Lois then at Terry and nods, "Yes, that's she." Terry starts to attract his attention again. but is embarrassed when all passengers look at her, so she turns from rail and exits. Nickie sets a little fussed and he exits too.
37) 46) text: O s By 78 CLOSE SHOT - TV SET - DAY -Nickie, Lois Clarke and Robert Lewis. Nickie is seated in a large overstuffed chair, Lois sits on the arm stroki his hair fondly. Nickie is trying hard to look like a man about to be happily married. The scene is Miss Clark's sumptuous drawing room.
66) 0) text: Lois is lying across her bed, on the verge of squirming, as she hears Nickie's voice again. LorIs (into phone) Nickie! I read you arrived today... T called your hotel...they said you could be reached at this number... Oh, Nickie, I've been thinking of you morning, noon and night - and between times, too. :
67) 0) text: Nickie at phone. We read Lois' various expressions of affection, missing him, wanting to see him again, etc. in his face. .
68) 15) text: 136 Cont. f LOIS I'was saying you're never at a loss to do the right thing -- © co Camera pans away from them to Kenneth and Terry.
69) 0) text: Lois Clarke's limousine comes to a stop, Nickie gets out. Lois watches him as he bows. Christmas crowd in Dee