1) 0) text: Grainy, Kodak color, nineteen sixties documentary footage of a beautiful Polynesian island. We SEE quick shots of Kimono Dragons, Gila Monsters and Chameleons all in their natural tropical environment. Super: Moruro Atoll Islands, French Polynesia - June 1968 Incongruously over this jungle environment we HEAR a static ridden radio filtered VOICE, slowly counting down in French. It is almost as through the reptiles of the island are reacting to the countdown as they anxiously move about. Suddenly with a brilliant FLASH OF WHITE LIGHT, a nuclear EXPLOSION mushrooms into the sky. We SEE a SERIES of REAL shots of footage of some of the over one hundred and sixty official nuclear tests the French government held in this tropical region. Explosion after explosion devastates the locale. One building after the next, accelerating in momentum, culminating in one final EXPLOSION. The clould-filled sky begins to drizzle. The ash-like fallout drifts downward onto what's left of the islands below. We FOLLOW this ash as it settles next to a dead reptile, unrecognizable now, and down onto what's left of the lizard's eggs. Suddenly the image clears from the grainy footage to clean, modern high resolution. We ZOOM IN on one of the eggs as it slowly gets buried in the falling ash. WE continue to push in, getting closer...closer...
3) 0) text: We TRACK across the complicated computerized navigational console that is actually steering the immense ship. In the b.g. we HEAR a Japanese t.v. program playing. At the end of the console is the ship's SKIPPER, an overweight Japanese seaman sleepily watches a snowy satellite broadcast of a Sumo wrestling match. Suddenly the SONAR blares out a warning ALARM. Startled, the Skipper awakes and stumbles out of his chair over to the console. The SONAR displays an enormous MASS heading quickly toward the ship. The Skipper's eyes go wide. He hits a KLAXON alarm, awaking the entire ship. He presses the radio/intercom.
5) 2) text: What's going on? What's happening? Before anyone can answer, the ship is ROCKED by an enormous THUD as something hits the side of the immense ship. The crew TUMBLES as the ship SWAYS VIOLENTLY. The old Cook is thrown to the floor. He looks up nervously.
10) 0) text: The utility van races through this small Russian town right past a roadblock marked with the international signs for "no trespass" and "nuclear radiation."
11) 0) text: With the infamously crippled nuclear power plant in the distance, the utility van slides to a muddy stop by this field of dirt. Nick hops out quickly and rushes to the back of the van. He opens the back of the van and grabs several metallic cases. Walking a few yards away from the van, he dumps the cases on the ground, opening them to REVEAL an assortment of sophisticated scientific equipment. Taped to the inside are several photos of a girl we'll meet later. Some of the photos are of her looking young and beautiful. Others are of the two of them happily together. With a switch he turns on the equipment which comes to life. Inside one of the cases are several cables attached to long SPIKES. He grabs them and dashes away.
12) 0) text: Coastal town of Papeete, Tahiti. With the ocean in the distance, through the heat waves we SEE a row of official looking black sedans coming toward us.
13) 0) text: The doors to the sedans open as a group of very official looking Government types. Stopping to light his cigarette is PHILLIP RAYMOND, 40's, intense, dangerous and worst of all...French.
15) 2) text: Ask him what happened. The Second Official ask him in Japanese, but the old Cook does not respond. He asks again but the old Cook seems to be in a world of his own.
15) 4) text: It's no use. He's been like this since we fished him out of the ocean. Whatever happened to that tanker put him in a complete state of shock. Raymond takes out his lighter and ignites it on high. The old Cook's eyes slowly come back to life, transfixed by the fire. Slowly he brings the flame close to the old Cook's face.
17) 9) text: Tape's in. The French finally released it. Peters takes off for the command' tent. Nick and the Major follow.
17) 25) text: ...American and Panamanian troops quarantined off a section of the Panamanian jungle today amid unconfirmed reports of a crashed Air Force jet...
18) 0) text: As we WIDEN we see this is one of several wall mounted monitors all showing channel WNEW. Through the glass doorway nearby we see CHARLES CAIMAN, 40's, handsome, entering the office.
18) 20) text: Mr. Caiman, I've been doing extra research for you after hours and weekends for nearly a year. And I've never asked for anything but this job is really important to me. I'm too old to be an assistant anymore. I need to know this job is going someplace.
20) 0) text: Elsie, Nick and Clive are cramped together along with Nick's equipment in the back of the jeep. Nick looks very uncomfortable. Elsie looks at Nick...lasciviously.
20) 10) text: Oh, thank you. (whispered to Clive)
21) 0) text: Inside is eerily dark and creepy. The guts of the ship are tangled inside. Holding a Geiger counter, he gets readings from all over the area. One particular spot, above him, seems slightly stronger. Nick SEES something there. He opens his knapsack and puts on some rubber gloves, removing a glass jar (like the ones from Chernobyl) Carefully he climbs the debris until he reaches a sharp shard of metal. Clinging to it he finds a MEATY CHUNK OF REPTILE FLESH. He tries remove it but he only gets half. He places it into his jar. Just as he reaches for the other half, SOMETHING GIVES WAY. With a JOLT, the section above him collapses. A rush of water falls and a HUMAN BODY swings down, just in front of him. Nick tumbles backwards, his heart pounding. The body swings lifelessly as it hangs from above. The others rush to his side, checking to see if he's all right.
23) 0) text: ARTHUR is at the wheel. Suddenly the engines WHINE as the ship begins to slow down. Surprised, Arthur checks his throttle.
24) 0) text: LEONARD and his 1st MATE are puzzled by the engine WHINE of their own ship.
25) 0) text: The captain, JULES, hasn't noticed a thing as he lays on his deck tanning himself, a boom-abox blaring next to him. Suddenly THUD. The ship JOLTS for a second. Jules slides and BANGS his head into the boom-box. He yelps.
25) 11) text: Cut the damned cables!
27) 0) text: Nick sits on the floor surrounded by his sloppily unpacked equipment as he places the slide under his microscope, examining his specimen. Quickly stepping over him a young SOLDIER rushes over to Major Hicks, seated with the rest of the team on the plane's opposing benches. The Solider interrupts their discussion.
28) 0) text: A storm has arrived as rain moistens the city ahead.
29) 5) text: That's cuz I'm married to you.
32) 9) text: What the hell.... People SCRAMBLE to get out of the way as DEBRIS from the falling BUILDING litters the area. The Mayor is pulled inside by his security men. Bursting out of the crumbling corner of the building we SEE the enormous LEG of the reptile as it KICKS debris out of its way.
33) 2) text: I don't give a crap about some war in a country I can't pronounce. That's not a lead story. Find me a damned story, will ya! Just then his Secretary notices a desk lamp, the shade SHAKING and the light FLICKERING. She hears the THUMPING approaching. She turns and SEES...
35) 0) text: Animal comes rushing out. Water sprays from displaced fire hydrants, debris still falls, cars burn. Animal goes over to his NEWS VAN that has been partially crushed. He pries open the rear door and takes out his video camera and takes off running. Audrey and Lucy arrive too late to stop him.
36) 0) text: His camera damaged, Animal struggles to get the tape inside as he exits the other side of the alley. He darts out into the street to get his shot. The THUMPING is OVERPOWERINGLY LOUD. He looks up to see, CARS FLIPPING, PEOPLE SCATTERING. Then, for the first time, we can clearly see the entire massive creature that is...
36) 2) text: Nearly on top of him, Godzilla's own image is suddenly covered by his own immense foot as it's lifted and about to come down directly on us.
38) 0) text: Just as they arrive at a military roadblock. Crowds have gathered as the military try to keep them at bay.
40) 5) text: After the initial attack he just...disappeared.
41) 0) text: Everyone is applauding as Animal, carrying crates of equipment, passes the t.v. playing the same news story. Embarrassed, Animal smiles awkwardly.
41) 11) text: ...military and government health officials set up a command post on the New Jersey coast this afternoon... Surprised at first, Audrey suddenly becomes very excited. She SEES Caiman exiting the studio at the end of the hall. She rushes over to him.
42) 0) text: Lucy and Audrey carry their bags outside into the chaos that has taken over the city. Hundreds of people trying to leave at once. Gridlock. As they move into an overcrowded subway entrance, Audrey looks up just in time to SEE the WNEW NEWS HELICOPTER lifting off from the building behind them.
45) 0) text: Quick cuts of people who where interviewed earlier.
46) 0) text: Near chaos as police and National guardsmen attempt to bring order to the hundreds of honking, screaming motorists.
47) 0) text: The evacuation effort is made more difficult as traffic must be diverted away from the quarantined destruction area ahead. Police block the street, smoldering buildings behind them. The detour only makes things worse.
48) 0) text: Several National Guardsmen walk up to the City Bank building where they find an ENORMOUS HOLE smashed into the side of the building. The Guardsmen peek inside.
49) 0) text: Way beyond capacity, the flooded subway platform bursts with people pushing and shoving to get into the trains. Caught in the craziness we find Audrey and Lucy trying desperately to get on board.
54) 0) text: As the Mayor steps out he's greeted by a nervous crowd of people shouting, "How long do we have to shut our business down? Will the city cover the damages? Etc." Among them, DONALD TRUMP tries to get the Mayor's attention.
55) 0) text: Smashed together like sardines, Audrey plays with Caiman's press pass, trying to put her photo over his.
57) 0) text: Filled with high tech monitoring equipment, Raymond and his men are listening in to a conversation. The man with junk food hands it to Raymond.
57) 6) text: You're telling me that in an election month I've evacuated the entire city for nothing?
58) 0) text: From behind the Mayor's head we SEE the monitoring device attracted to his collar. As he speaks we WIDEN TO REVEAL...
58) 7) text: Mr. Mayor, if he's not in one of those buildings then we give the all clear. But not until we've checked each building!
59) 0) text: Marching down the stairs, the team enters into the very large subway station. For all we see it seems like a normal subway station except for the fact that every one of the team members look ASTONISHED.
60) 0) text: A battalion of armored TANKS roll down this deserted city street. A large number of GROUND TROOPS march behind.
63) 0) text: Led by armored military vehicles we SEE a convoy of TWENTY YELLOW DUMP TRUCKS passing over the bridge.
65) 2) text: They find anything yet? The Aide shakes his head. Monitors come to life with a live video feed-from several cameras we saw mounted.
68) 0) text: We SEE Raymond and his men have turned this dingy Motel room into a command central of their own. Raymond is putting sugar into his coffee when a bank of monitors turn on. They are seeing THE SAME VIDEO FEED as the Mayor. Pleased, he takes a sip. It's awful.
70) 0) text: On the monitors they watch in astonishment as the fish get dumped into a large pile in the center of Flat Iron Square.
71) 0) text: A MOUNTAIN OF FISH have been piled into the center of Flat Iron Square.
75) 0) text: One by one the steam pillars begin to disappear as the vents are turned off. There is a long tense moment of waiting. When will it come? Will it come? Before the Young Officer can stop him, Nick rushes over to a manhole cover in the center of the street. The cover is to heavy. He yells back.
84) 0) text: Soldiers come out from behind the crashed vehicles and debris. Only the smoldering devastation is left behind.
87) 0) text: Four ARMORED MILITARY VEHICLES come SKIDDING around the corner in hot pursuit. Each with a team manning enormous mounted weaponry.
88) 0) text: The window is SMASHED in. A small group of LOOTERS are loading up their mini-van. Finishing up the group is about to leave.
90) 2) text: We have him, locked on.
91) 0) text: Godzilla runs into the famous lighted square (looking remarkably like Tokyo) just as the COBRA'S come SWEEPING DOWN out of the sky. Godzilla SPOTS them and leaps away just as they FIRE missiles, which RIP INTO the famous JUMBO TRON VIDEO BILLBOARD, demolishing the building. The Cobra's SWERVE quickly, pursuing Godzilla down a side street.
93) 5) text: You said he was locked on!
97) 3) text: Oh Jesus! The chopper GUNS IT, full throttle. Godzilla GIVES CHASE. Even at its top speed it can't out run the big creature. The chopper tries to LIFT AWAY but before he can get the height, Godzilla SNAPS his gigantic jaws and SWALLOWS THE HELICOPTER WHOLE.
99) 0) text: Empty and devastated. Fires continue to burn.
100) 0) text: Nick, Sergeant O'Neal and several of his men walk through the devastated area. Nick kneels down and SEES...
100) 4) text: Only a few scattered fish remain where the mountain of fish once was. Our team stands there amidst the rubble.
101) 0) text: A network news ANCHOR speaks directly at us as a video of the Chrysler building getting destroyed plays behind him.
103) 0) text: We continue to FOLLOW the assistant outside, revealing the enormous MOB of reporters that have gathered just outside the military command tents. As we FOLLOW the assistant he passes several reporters doing "stand-up" reports.
104) 2) text: It's okay, I'll get out here. He opens the car door and pushes his way through the crowds who are less interested in him as they are the military officials.
105) 0) text: Ringing the night bell, Nick calls for the PHARMACIST who enters, weary eyed.
107) 0) text: Nick has set up a mini-lab in his private, small, tent. The home pregnancy tests have been ripped apart. Nick mixes some of the contents together.
107) 15) text: Well, obviously these tests weren't designed for this but fundamentally they're looking for the same hormonal patterns that would indicate pregnancy.
107) 21) text: Happy times long ago. They're both young and in love. Audrey is surprised Nick still keeps them. She's touched. Feeling guilty she quickly closes the case and sits back down. As she does she notices a video tape labeled FIRST SIGHTING. Unable to resist, she puts it in and turns on the t.v. The shot of the Japanese Cook appears.
107) 23) text: ...Gojira...Gojira... She hits the fast forward tape and SEES, the enormous footprints in Panama. She fast forwards again and sees the beached cargo ship in Jamaica. Audrey is torn. She makes a decision, pops the tape back out, puts in her purse and takes off out the back of the tent. Moments later, Nick returns from the front.
108) 2) text: ...which is why in this case "all the kings horses and all the kings men" may not be able to put the big apple together again. Audrey Timmons, WNEW. We pull back to reveal Audrey, Animal and an editor, ED, watching the piece.
108) 3) dialog: That's it. You owe me a breakfast.
111) 0) text: Nick is moving to take his seat next to Elise at this very crowded conference. The big wigs are here and the room is packed. Major Hicks walks to a large map of Manhattan.
113) 0) text: Audrey shakes off the rain and moves over to join Ed and Animal at a booth.
114) 8) text: From an old Japanese sailor's song called GODZILLA, a mythological sea dragon who attacked sailors, to our own modern day terror. Today in my special report, who is this Godzilla, where did he come from and why is he here?
116) 4) text: ...a path can be traced back from Manhattan, to Jamaica, back to Panama and all the way back to the French Polynesians where nuclear testing has been going on for over twenty years...
119) 0) text: The television is snapped OFF and Raymond walks over to the window looking out, thinking. Finally...
121) 11) text: Look, I lied to you. I'm not a reporter. When we broke up and I came out to New York I was so sure I'd make it. But I haven't. That's why I needed this story so bad. I just couldn't tell you I'm a failure.
122) 0) text: Long waiting lines for people trying to leave town. People sleeping on the floors. Chaos. One group gathered around a television set.
122) 3) text: ...every shelter in the tri-state area has been overflowing with displaced people. Tent cities have begun to spring up all over the county... As we TRACK away from the t.v. we FIND Nick taking a seat at a small bar next to the gate. A WAITER comes over.
123) 0) text: A makeshift tent city has been set up in the park. Animal video tapes an interview with a displaced person.
124) 0) text: Pulling up in front of a warehouse, Nick and Raymond step out of the sedan. Staying hidden from view, Animal pulls over. Intrigued, he watches them enter the building.
125) 0) text: Raymond enters with Nick. The room is filled with equipment; radios, guns, explosives and armored vehicles. We notice that more of Raymond's support team are here.
126) 0) text: Moving down alongside the building, Animal walks down the side alley. He climbs up onto a garbage hamper and peers into a cracked opened window.
129) 0) text: Filled with people, Lucy is serving coffee. She smiles at Animal as he enters.
130) 0) text: Audrey has been crying. Crumpled Kleenex wads piled up all around her. A television plays a news broadcast, boasting the headline: THEY CALL HIM GODZILLA! On the t.v. we SEE a news conference with General Anderson addressing some reporters.
130) 4) text: That's why I'm holding this conference. To try and avoid a needless panic. Animal enters and watches from the back of the room.
130) 21) text: Audrey, I'm going after them. You can come with me or not. Conflicted, Audrey is not sure what to do. Animal opens the bedroom window and begins to climb out.
131) 0) text: Nick marches out of a changing room dressed in a military uniform. As he moves into the room we SEE all of Raymond's men dressed similarly. As they climb into their vehicles, Raymond hands each a stick of chewing gum. Nick gets in the passenger seat of one of the vehicles, Raymond climbs in behind the wheel.
132) 0) text: An armed blockage seals the Jersey entrance to the Lincoln tunnel. We widen to reveal Audrey and Animal by a small side entrance. Animal works the lock.
133) 0) text: A line of military vehicles approaches and slowly passes through a guarded entrance, each vehicle checked. Nick and Raymond's Humvee nears.
133) 9) text: Why no sir, I'm fine. The Guard is suspicious but on a tight schedule. Finally he waves him through.
133) 12) text: Thank you very much. They drive off. Nick is stunned by the act.
134) 0) text: The door creeps open. Animal leans out to find the tunnel deserted. He and Audrey step out and into the tunnel. We FOLLOW them as they are headed for the exit of the tunnel into Manhattan.
136) 0) text: The enormous pile of fish is getting dumped in the center of the field as many others are planting land mines. Tanks, rockets and soldiers align the area. The convoy of vehicles turn onto the meadow but Raymond and his men keep going straight. They drive slowly right past the trap sight and out of the park.
141) 0) text: Recovering, Raymond and the team walk back into the main tunnel. They near the hole Godzilla just created, examining it. Nick climbs into the hole.
143) 0) text: The park is bathed in light. Armed troops surround the area. Tanks and missile launchers are in place. Sergeant O'Neal kneels down by a sandbag fortification.
145) 0) text: The Sergeant gives the nod and several teams of shooters take off running, taking positions. The tanks turn their gun turrets towards downtown, expectantly. Missile launchers turn, arming devices locked.
146) 0) text: Major Hicks stands near a computerized schematic of Manhattan. A large RED FLASHING BLIP nears Central Park.
147) 3) text: Don't fire until he's cleared the buildings and has moved into the park.
148) 0) text: Nick leads the team through the cross town tunnel created by Godzilla. Climbing over the debris, they make their way to another opening. We FOLLOW them as they clamber through the hole and into...
149) 0) text: The largest subway/rail station in New York. Godzilla has torn it to shreds. We get the feeling this is where Godzilla has spent most of his time. Scattered fish abound. High above, there is a immense black hole in the tall ceiling. Wherever it leads to is very dark. Nick and Raymond stare at the hole together.
151) 2) text: Prepare to fire! Guns are cocked, locked on and hoisted. Suddenly Godzilla gets cold feet and starts to turn around.
152) 0) text: The RED BLIP suddenly begins to move away from the park.
157) 0) text: The doors are pried open. It's very dark in here, only the assault team's flashlights illuminate. As they enter the lobby, the team splits up into different search groups. Nick, Raymond and Jean-Claude move down the large front lobby and turn down one of the many hallways surrounding the main auditorium.
162) 0) text: Nick, Raymond and Jean-Claude are stunned as the work lights suddenly TURN ON illuminating the room, revealing...
168) 0) text: The computerized representation of the Calvin Coolidge VANISHES off the monitor.
171) 0) text: The Captain and his Ensign are at the Sonar. We TRACK two torpedoes approaching target (Godzilla).
172) 0) text: Huddled around the schematic and radio, they hear...
173) 0) text: With the EXPLOSION and enormous TIDAL WAVE rises and CRASHES DOWN over battery park with tremendous impact. Parked cars and phone booths are washed away.
179) 0) text: Audrey and Animal reach the entrance and race inside. The main exit doors are locked from the outside. They turn back just as...
182) 0) text: A large and ANGRY mob has gathered at the roadblock to the bridge. People, their cars packed with belongings, are screaming to be let back into Manhattan. Horns honk and the blockade guards are getting nervous.
188) 0) text: Nick comes racing down the stairs and into the hallway. Just then, he passes a locked door, BANGING on the other side. Just up ahead he can SEE the main lobby. But before he can get there, a LOUD CRASH is heard as the locked door in front of him SMASHES TO BITS as...
191) 0) text: The elevator doors open and Raymond SWERVES his gun around ready to shoot. Frightened, Nick throws his hands in the air.
192) 0) text: Audrey has pushed her way up alongside of Animal to peer down through the grating.
193) 13) text: I know a way. I know how you can get a message out of here. The door BURSTS OPEN and TWENTY BABYZILLAS stampede into the hallway. Audrey is fast on her feet.
195) 0) text: The Babyzillas are gathered by the doorway SNIFFING. One of the more aggressive ones starts to CLAW at the door, RIPPING into it. Another charges it, THUD.
196) 0) text: They rush up to a door marked BROADCAST BOOTH. Audrey tries the door, it's locked. Animal charges his shoulder into it, but it doesn't give. Raymond gently moves Animal out of the way and SHOOTS the lock to pieces. He opens the door for everyone to enter.
197) 0) text: They rush into the empty broadcast booth. Animal turns on the lights as Audrey goes over and boots the computer terminal. Raymond moves some equipment against the door, securing it closed.
198) 0) text: More of the creatures have gathered by the door. Two more CHARGE and the door collapses. The Babyzillas rush up the stairs.
199) 0) text: Ed is watching the news feed. Caiman is on.
199) 2) text: ...Yes, the threat is over but the pain continues... Suddenly Ed's computer begins to BEEP. Ed slides his chair over and looks at his monitor. It reads NEW MAIL: URGENT! He double clicks it and a letter pops up that reads. Ed pick up transponder CFX 1 and watch the feed.
199) 3) dialog: (to himself)
199) 4) text: There's no Ranger game on tonight. Ed makes a couple of adjustments on his controls and turns on a blank monitor. He SEES...
199) 7) dialog: (incredulous)
201) 0) text: Ed's eyes nearly pop out of his head.
201) 2) text: Ed, you see that? They'll be all over the city if we don't stop them! Ed rushes over to the console and goes to work.
202) 2) text: ...as our fears have been allayed thanks to the dedicated work of our boys in uniform... Everyone in the room begins to cheer. Suddenly Caiman's image goes fuzzy. In a moment it's replaced by Audrey.
206) 0) text: The bedroom is packed with Lucy's "guests" as they watch the t.v., SEEING the Babyzillas.
211) 0) text: Several F-18's prepare to take flight. We focus on one, an enormous bomb attached under its wing. The F-18 taxis away from us.
213) 0) text: Audrey and Nick are nervous as they stare at the long drop down. The door is begging to give way from the repeated THUMPING. Suddenly Audrey leans over and kisses Nick.
214) 0) text: Audrey hits the ground followed by Nick. Raymond leads as they make their way out. On the other end of the room some Babyzilla appear in a doorway and watch our friends scurry away. The Babyzillas take off in hot pursuit.
215) 0) text: The F-18's fly in formation. Their leader carrying the same bomb we saw loaded earlier.
216) 0) text: Raymond, guns in each hand, comes rushing into the hallway. He SEES a small group of Babyzillas down the hall and gestures for the group to go the other way. Raymond backs away, guns trained on the Babyzillas who SNIFF the air and decide to pursue. Raymond turns and runs.
218) 0) text: The team races into the corridor. Animal reaches down and hits the POWER button near the moving stairs. The escalator comes to life. The team runs down the "down" escalators as the Babyzillas flood into the corridor. Some try to go down the "up" escalator and fall all over themselves. Others are spooked by the moving down escalator. Finally, the brave ones begin to LEAP down the "down" escalator.
219) 0) text: Racing out of the escalator corridor the team moves into the main lobby and FREEZES. They are surrounded on all sides by Babyzillas! Like the scene in Hitcock's "The Birds" it is eerily still as everyone freezes.
223) 0) text: The locked FLASHES RED.
225) 0) text: Raymond exits and Animal shuts the door behind him. The Babyzillas SLAM against the doors. It takes all of Animal's and Raymond's strength to hold the doors closed. Raymond slides his rifle barrel between the handles as a temporary lock. He pulls Animal away and they take off running.
227) 0) text: Racing from the alley Raymond races over to a parked YELLOW CAB.
234) 0) text: Animal fumbles with his camera trying to get it to power up. The light goes ON and Animal quickly holsters it and begins filming out the shattered back window.
237) 0) text: The last two turns of the cab have temporarily disoriented Godzilla who looks around to find the cab. He moves up a block and begins to look around.
241) 0) text: The cab heads up the deserted streets, racing full tilt.
260) 0) text: The HUD begins to FLASH, LOCKED ON!
264) 0) text: The gathered crowd is ROCKED from the impact of the toppled Godzilla.
266) 2) text: How did you discover the nest? Dr. Tatopoulis, can you tell us what happened back there?
268) 0) text: We FLOAT through the demolished station almost as though we were a moving point of view. We travel thorough the debris of the station into one of the tunnels. We travel deeper and deeper into the distance. A shaft of light up ahead. We move closer to it. As we get nearer we realize it's one of Godzilla's gigantic EGGS. WE move closer and closer to the solitary egg. Just as we are about to collide with it. CRACK. IT OPENS.