32) 0) text: With a large RE-ELECT MAYOR FAUSTINO poster behind him, the MAYOR is at the podium. Before him is a sea of umbrellas.
32) 1) dialog: I'd like to thank you all for coming out on this beautiful New York City day. Some in the crowd laugh as others applaud. Lost in the sounds of the crowd we HEAR a soft THUMPING in the distance.
32) 2) dialog: When I came into office four years ago, people didn't think we could reduce crime and I did.
32) 6) dialog: People didn't think I could restore order... This time the THUMPING is HEARD, growing much louder.
32) 7) dialog: ...and I did. The city is a safer place today... Before he can continue the crowd begins to murmur with fear as the THUMPING grows LOUDER and CLOSER. Suddenly with a large CRASHING SOUND a building nearby begins to CRUMBLE.
32) 8) dialog: (to his aides)
32) 9) text: What the hell.... People SCRAMBLE to get out of the way as DEBRIS from the falling BUILDING litters the area. The Mayor is pulled inside by his security men. Bursting out of the crumbling corner of the building we SEE the enormous LEG of the reptile as it KICKS debris out of its way.
32) 11) dialog: What was that?
50) 1) dialog: Well this is great!
51) 0) text: With his close aides in tow, the Mayor stares at the melee below.
51) 1) dialog: If we're wrong on this evacuation they'll string me up from the Liberty torch.
53) 1) dialog: Who the hell are they?
53) 3) dialog: I don't have time for this nonsense.
54) 0) text: As the Mayor steps out he's greeted by a nervous crowd of people shouting, "How long do we have to shut our business down? Will the city cover the damages? Etc." Among them, DONALD TRUMP tries to get the Mayor's attention.
54) 1) dialog: I share your concerns. I want to get the city back in business as soon as possible. As he pushes through the dense crowd he runs directly into...
54) 5) dialog: If you'll excuse me...
54) 8) dialog: Oh, well, thank you very much. Briskly he shakes his hand as he pushes his way through the crowd. Raymond watches him pass, seeing the device stuck to the Mayor's collar.
57) 5) dialog: (mid argument)
58) 0) text: From behind the Mayor's head we SEE the monitoring device attracted to his collar. As he speaks we WIDEN TO REVEAL...
58) 1) dialog: Do you realize what this evacuation will cost the people of this city!? Representatives of all branches of the military, National Guard and the Mayor's office are here. The room overflows with people. Nick, Elsie and the scientist stand near the back of the tent.
58) 3) dialog: But you don't know for sure.
58) 5) dialog: But you don't know for sure! Just then Sergeant O'Neal enters hurriedly. He wants to speak but waits for the opportunity.
58) 7) text: Mr. Mayor, if he's not in one of those buildings then we give the all clear. But not until we've checked each building!
65) 0) text: A buzz of activity. Military Officials and personnel. The Mayor enters and joins his aides in the back of the room.
65) 1) dialog: (whispering to Aide)
68) 0) text: We SEE Raymond and his men have turned this dingy Motel room into a command central of their own. Raymond is putting sugar into his coffee when a bank of monitors turn on. They are seeing THE SAME VIDEO FEED as the Mayor. Pleased, he takes a sip. It's awful.
83) 0) text: We SEE the Flat Iron Building crumbling on one of the monitors near Major Hicks. In the rear of the room the Mayor looks sick.
90) 0) text: The Mayor stands over a Radio technician.
93) 2) text: That is a negative impact. The Mayor, in the back of the room stands, furious.
93) 3) dialog: Negative impact!?! It's the goddamned Chrysler building, that's what it is! His aides try to calm him.
98) 0) text: The Major's aide try to hold him back as the Mayor is charging at Major Hicks.
98) 1) dialog: What the hell is the matter with you people?! You caused more damage than that thing did!
111) 3) dialog: Last time you didn't even scratch it!
111) 10) dialog: Then how can it be pregnant? What is this, the "virgin lizard?" There's a smattering of laughter in the room.
183) 0) text: The Mayor marches over to Major Hicks who is consulting with the Generals.
183) 1) dialog: Do you have any idea what's going on out there? The phones are ringing off the hook with people screaming to be let back into the city.
183) 3) dialog: That thing's dead. What the hell are we waiting for? Just then Elise rushes over to the Major.
183) 6) dialog: You don't have the authority to do that. The Major turns and cooly approaches the Mayor.