39) 0) text: The guards let the convoy pass. The military is putting up a number of large tents. A SERGEANT moves over quickly to greet the team as they exit their vehicles.
39) 1) dialog: (quick salute)
39) 2) text: Sergeant O'Neal, Sir.
39) 4) dialog: They've agreed to evacuate the city. They've called out the National Guard and riot police are on alert. As they walk towards the tents the crowd crushes close. Nick and Elsie are overwhelmed.
40) 2) dialog: We've lost sight of it, Sir.
40) 4) dialog: (nervous)
40) 7) text: Major, Secretary of Defense Burk on the line. This takes Major Hicks off guard. The last person he wants to talk to. Nick walks over to the Sergeant.
40) 9) dialog: We're not sure. We're scanning the area now.
58) 8) dialog: Sir, that may be more difficult than we originally projected.
58) 10) dialog: We've run into a problem.
59) 1) dialog: Lt. Anderson and his men found this late this afternoon. The camera makes a hundred and eighty degree turn as we suddenly SEE what the team is staring at...
64) 0) text: Sergeant O'Neal listens to the response on the radio.
69) 0) text: The DUMP TRUCKS arrive and the soldiers guide the trucks, forming a circle, their tails facing each other. As the last one passes it REVEALS Nick and Sergeant O'Neal.
69) 1) dialog: I sure hope your plan works.
72) 0) text: Entering from the stairs out onto the roof, Sergeant O'Neal and his men take positions, observing from above. Everyone is waiting. The silence is deafening.
73) 3) dialog: (turning to soldier)
78) 1) dialog: Let 'em fly!
80) 1) dialog: Fire at will. Fire at will.
86) 1) dialog: (into radio)
100) 0) text: Nick, Sergeant O'Neal and several of his men walk through the devastated area. Nick kneels down and SEES...
100) 2) dialog: I can't believe it. He did all this and we did nothing to him. Nick walks over to him, consoling.
142) 2) text: Sergeant, status?
143) 0) text: The park is bathed in light. Armed troops surround the area. Tanks and missile launchers are in place. Sergeant O'Neal kneels down by a sandbag fortification.
143) 1) dialog: (into radio)
145) 0) text: The Sergeant gives the nod and several teams of shooters take off running, taking positions. The tanks turn their gun turrets towards downtown, expectantly. Missile launchers turn, arming devices locked.
147) 2) dialog: (into radio)
147) 5) dialog: Come on, come on!
151) 1) dialog: (into radio)
153) 1) dialog: Fire at will! Fire at will! All the weapons surround the area FIRE AT ONCE. Several more Cobra Helicopters ZOOM DOWN out of nowhere. Plunging downward, they FIRE at Godzilla. The firepower ripping up everything around him, Godzilla ROARS and deftly DIVES out of the park and back between the buildings. But as he bounds over to 57th street, there is a contingency of MOBILE ROCKET LAUNCHERS waiting. They FIRE. Godzilla DODGES and the rockets DESTROY PLANET HOLLYWOOD as Godzilla races by. With the helicopters right on his tail, Godzilla makes a westward run across 57th street. Smashing parked vehicles and his tail SWIPING buildings as it DASHES.
202) 0) text: The mode is festive.  The Generals are preparing to leave as is Major Hicks. Sergeant O'Neal and some of his men are watching the t.v. news.
239) 0) text: The military is cleaning up the trap from before. Sergeant O'Neal SPINS as the cab LEAPS out from behind the trees.
239) 1) dialog: What the hell....? The cab POWER SLIDES right past and out of the Meadow again just as GODZILLA STOMPS directly into the clean up crew. Soldiers DIVE for cover as others scramble out of the way. Godzilla MARCHES after the cab, his tail SWIPING several vehicles which tumble, crashing into the troops. In a flash, Godzilla disappears back into the forest on the other side. O'Neal grabs his radio.
239) 2) dialog: Command, Command, this Sergeant O'Neal. He's back!