11) 12) text: Kyle Terrington, U.S. State Department. The Russian soldiers close up his equipment and take it off to the Helicopter.
16) 0) text: Several soldiers unload Nick's cargo as he steps out of the plane onto the dock. As he walks towards shore he SEES...
27) 0) text: Nick sits on the floor surrounded by his sloppily unpacked equipment as he places the slide under his microscope, examining his specimen. Quickly stepping over him a young SOLDIER rushes over to Major Hicks, seated with the rest of the team on the plane's opposing benches. The Solider interrupts their discussion.
27) 1) dialog: Major, we just got a report of a fishing trawler going down. Exact position, forty seven degrees latitude, 67 longitude.
27) 3) dialog: The trawler was pulled under. The team exchanges worried glances. Hicks moves over to a map where the other incidents have been marked. He traces his finger up the 67th longitude until he hits the 47th parallel. Just off the East Coast.
40) 13) text: He's in there someplace. A SOLDIER comes rushing in.
40) 14) dialog: Channel eight caught it on film! He rushes over to a bank of monitors, turns one on. On the screen we SEE the shaky video Animal took of the creature just as it was about to step on him.
69) 0) text: The DUMP TRUCKS arrive and the soldiers guide the trucks, forming a circle, their tails facing each other. As the last one passes it REVEALS Nick and Sergeant O'Neal.
81) 0) text: From all angles, soldiers rush back to their equipment and attempt to FIRE. Very few are able to get off rounds.
82) 0) text: O'Neal tries to steady himself as the soldiers FIRE down at the creature below. One HOISTS a MISSILE launcher.
84) 0) text: Soldiers come out from behind the crashed vehicles and debris. Only the smoldering devastation is left behind.
120) 0) text: Nick is finishing packing as some soldiers carry his things away. Elsie enters.
136) 0) text: The enormous pile of fish is getting dumped in the center of the field as many others are planting land mines. Tanks, rockets and soldiers align the area. The convoy of vehicles turn onto the meadow but Raymond and his men keep going straight. They drive slowly right past the trap sight and out of the park.
175) 1) dialog: They got 'em! The Generals congratulate each other and Major Hicks.
205) 0) text: A Soldier tugs on Major Hicks shoulder, try to get his attention.
205) 2) dialog: You better see this. The Major turns around just in time to SEE Nick on the t.v.