14) 5) dialog: It can’t be a dog. Its eyes are too small. I think it must be a kind of rat.
14) 9) dialog: That’s right. You need to draw the whiskers.
18) 0) text: - a scene from an anonymous film. Black and white, from the thirties, forties or fifties. The scene is a caperish moment of chase, or slapstick... +. which is being watched, with delight, by KATHY, TOMMY, RUTH, ARTHUR, LAURA, and all other students in their year As the moment of slapstick resolves, the kids all shout:
32) 0) text: - ARTHUR swinging a rounders bat, and connecting with the ball, which has been pitched by KATHY. The ball arcs high up into the air, towards the outfield. .+. where TOMMY is fielding.
40) 0) text: - SALE ROOM, where the SALE is now underway. The refectory tables double as stalls, with the sale item laid out along them. The oldest children work as monitors, standing behind the tables, exchanging tokens for goods, and keeping their highly excited young customers under control. We TRACK ALONG one refectory table, seeing the excited faces and grabbing hands of the kids on the other side, a they pick the sale items up, searching for the best stuff at the best prices. And we finally see the sale items themselves - - which reveal themselves to be the kind of things one might find in a junk shop, or a car-boot sale. Nothing new, nothing complete. Toys out of the their boxes. Watches with no clasp on the strap. The top half of a track-suit. Football boots without laces. Among the kids, we see the faces of children we have already met, including RUTH, TOMMY, ARTHUR, LAURA, and AMANDA. We pick up TOMMY, who has found something, but we can’t s what it is. He pays a GUARDIAN in tokens. To the side, another GUARDIAN notes down on a clipboard what the kids are purchasing. 49 49k SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p34.
41) 0) text: We pick up KATHY at the back of the throng, gazing at MIS LUCY. There is a frozen quality to MISS LUCY’S expression. MISS LUCY is seeing what we are seeing - that the objects of the children’s enthusiasm are worthless. In front of MISS LUCY, we catch two of the children havin a slightly giddy exchange. ARTHUR has found a book on
41) 2) dialog: Acting Techniques of the Stage and Screen. It’s all the tricks of the trade.
41) 4) dialog: If I was really serious about it, I'd have to go to America to have the best chance. KATHY watches MISS LUCY for a moment. Hearing the conversation. Then turns, and starts moving away from the tables, not towards them.
46) 0) text: Rain blows through the half open window. It collects on the interior windowsill, and drips onto th floor. Behind MISS LUCY, a map of the UK is pulled down over the blackboard. It shudders in the wind. REVEAL MISS LUCY’S class. KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, ARTHUR, LAURA, AMANDA, and the others of that year. All seated at their desks. There is an odd electricity in the air. The children don’ know what MISS LUCY is about to say. But they sense it is seismic. So they sit, and wait. Until she speaks.