0) 1) dialog: I’m twenty six years old, and I’ve been a carer now for seven years. By the road, a car is parked up against the grass verge. Standing by the car, a young woman with blonde hair, KATH looks towards the fields.
0) 2) dialog: My donors have always tended to do better than expected. They are hardly ever classified as agitated, even before a fourth donation. cuT To -
1) 0) text: - the same woman, KATHY, standing at the window of an observation room. She is absentmindedly twisting a metal bracelet on her wrist, which is featureless except for an imprinted seven digit number. Through the glass, she is watching NURSES and SURGEONS prepping a twenty six year-old man for operation. TOMMY. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p2.
1) 1) dialog: I’m not trying to boast. It means a lot to me, being able to do my work well.
2) 1) dialog: Especially keeping the donors calm.
3) 0) text: TOMMY turns his head to look at KATHY. Their locked gaze is held for a beat. Then KATHY nods. Very slight. As if to say: it’s okay. TOMMY continues looking a moment longer. Then the ANESTHETIST’S drug takes a hold of him. seconds, his eyes have gone heavy, then closed.
3) 1) dialog: Anyway, I’m not making any great claims for myself.
4) 1) dialog: I understand how other carers can be resentful. They say: she’s from Hailsham. No wonder she has a great record. She can pick and choose her own kind. As we CLOSE IN on KATHY, leaning against the car, her hai caught and whipped in the same wind... «+. FADE IN the sound of children playing. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p3.
4) 2) dialog: And it’s true. Hailsham was special. We were lucky. Tommy, Ruth, me. All of us. cuT To -
6) 0) text: In sunlight, two girls, aged twelve, lie on their bellies on a patch in front of the main house. Both wear the metal bracelets - as do all students at Hailsham, and all other facilities like it. The grass is strewn with daisies. One girl has blonde hair. This is KATHY. The other is dark. This is RUTH. KATHY is interlocking the stems of the small flowers, frowning in concentration, making a daisy chain.
6) 4) dialog: I wouldn’t anyway. I would have thought that’s mean. KATHY makes the last link. She lifts the daisy chain delicately.
6) 6) dialog: You have it. KATHY places it over RUTH’S blonde hair... «+. where it looks like it belongs.
6) 10) dialog: Miss Lucy. I think it must be.
8) 0) text: «+. a group of girls, watching from the shade of a large ornate gate near the main building. The girls are joined by KATHY and RUTH.
8) 5) dialog: He’s got his shirt on... His favourite polo shirt. From their vantage point, the girls can now see the boys have started lining up. Two CAPTAINS have stepped forward and are about to start picking teams. One of the two captains is ARTHUR, a sporty boy who feels as Alpha male as Tommy feels Delta. The CAPTAINS start choosing team members. TOMMY stands - almost a comical figure, puffing out his chest in order t make himself stand out. The other boys are noticeably less keen. Chatting, or checking the tightness of their boot laces. Even from a distance, we can sense TOMMY’S shift from bright eagerness to puzzled concern, as four boys are chosen before him... Then five... six...
11) 0) text: KATHY approaches TOMMY, who is panting from the exertion his tantrum, still gazing up at the sky. KATHY puts a hand on TOMMY’S arm - - and TOMMY recoils violently, throwing his arm up, knocking her hand aside and striking the side of her face The strike is an accident - a reaction of surprise and confusion more than anger - but TOMMY seems even more shocked than KATHY by what he has done. A beat.
11) 1) dialog: Isn't that your favourite shirt? TOMMY says nothing.
11) 2) dialog: I just wanted to say, you shouldn't play football in that shirt. You’1l only cover it in mud.
12) 0) text: KATHY rejoins the girls, who are coming out of the pavilion, and make an outraged fuss over her.
12) 3) dialog: I don’t think he meant to.
12) 5) dialog: No.
13) 0) text: Children are lined to enter the MATRON’S office for a medical examination. The children are neatly lined, but chatting, and unconcerned. These examinations are completely routine. At the head of the queue are KATHY, RUTH and AMANDA. A group of three children exit MATRON’S office, followed MATRON herself. 16 17 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH po.
13) 3) dialog: (shrugs ) Don’t remember.
14) 0) text: A group of the Hailsham students are in the ART ROOM, quietly working on paintings and sculptures. In the corner of the room, another of their guardians, MI GERALDINE, is helping two of the children mix paint colours. At her table, KATHY works on a sculpture. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH plo. Meanwhile, RUTH pointedly leans over to the table beside them, where TOMMY is working.
14) 2) dialog: (quiet, to Ruth) No, Ruth. Don’t. TOMMY looks up from his drawing, and sees a semi-circle o faces looking back at him. A beat, as he returns their gaze. Then he spins the picture round so that it faces them.
14) 16) dialog: Miss Lucy. MISS LUCY looks up. Then smiles.
14) 18) dialog: Kathy. Kathy H. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pl2.
14) 20) dialog: I was wondering what you said to Tommy. MISS LUCY doesn’t seem to follow. Perhaps having to remember exactly who TOMMY is.
14) 22) dialog: You said something to Tommy. Out on the playing fields. And whatever it was, it’s had quite an effect on him.
14) 24) dialog: Not so important. MISS LUCY shrugs, almost as if to shrug off the intense gaze of the little girl in front of her. 18 19 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p13.
15) 0) text: Lunch, in Hailsham’s refectory. Trays contain compartments filled with extremely overcook food. Grey meat and faded vegetables. The kids take the trays from the food trolleys, then take seats at long refectory tables. KATHY is carrying her tray with RUTH, AMANDA and LAURA. She sees TOMMY. As the other girls move forwards with their trays... ... KATHY hangs back.
16) 0) text: TOMMY sits at a table with a few spaces around him. We can sense he is used to eating alone. Not least from the surprise in his face when he looks up, and sees KATHY taking the seat opposite him.
16) 2) dialog: I just checked, and I’m pretty sure I’m not sitting with the girls. I’m sitting with you. TOMMY smiles.
16) 4) dialog: Well. It was an accident, that’s all. * A passing guardian, MISS GERALDINE, glances at TOMMY’S * plate. At the collection of over-boiled carrots, not eaten as ye
16) 6) dialog: So... you didn’t lose your temper when they were teasing you earlier. In the art room. TOMMY nods seriously.
16) 8) dialog: Because of what Miss Lucy told you.
16) 10) dialog: I’m nosy.
17) 0) text: At the back of Hailsham, tucked away in the grounds, is a large pond surrounded by bulrushes and over-hanging trees Hailsham is reflected in the water. It’s quiet. Feels private. TOMMY sits on a large flat rock, with KATHY beside him. Beat.
17) 1) dialog: She can’t actually mean that being creative isn’t important, can she?
17) 3) dialog: But what about the gallery? If being creative isn’t important, then why have a gallery at all?
17) 6) dialog: Yes. From the litter and detritus are collected at the edge of the pond, CUT TO - 21 22 23 24 25 26 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pl6é.
18) 0) text: - a scene from an anonymous film. Black and white, from the thirties, forties or fifties. The scene is a caperish moment of chase, or slapstick... +. which is being watched, with delight, by KATHY, TOMMY, RUTH, ARTHUR, LAURA, and all other students in their year As the moment of slapstick resolves, the kids all shout:
20) 1) text: MISS GERALDINE carries the artworks into the billiard roo where we glimpse MISS EMILY and two other GUARDIANS. One of the GUARDIANS closes the door behind MISS GERALDINE... .-. on KATHY and RUTH, who are in the corridor outside.
21) 0) text: We now follow KATHY and RUTH, as they run through the school.
23) 0) text: KATHY and RUTH continue running, heading around the side the building... 27 28 29 30 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pl7. +. then up onto a low flower-bed wall, which allows them to peer through the window of the billiard room. Where they can see MISS EMILY, MISS GERALDINE, and two others GUARDIANS. They are laying out paintings, drawing and sculptures on tables and easels. Through the glass, we can faintly hear MISS EMILY.
24) 1) text: INT. GIRLS’ BATHROOM - NIGHT 28 DELETED. INT. OUTSIDE GIRLS’ DORMITORY - CONTINUOUS 29 DELETED. INT. GIRLS’ DORMITORY - NIGHT 30 Rows of beds in the girls’ dormitory. Beside each bed, a beside table. And on each bedside table, a COLLECTION. KATHY’S collection mainly consists of books, and RUTH’S collection is model horses. KATHY is lying in her bed, looking at the ceiling. Thinking. After a couple of moments, she looks to her side. In the next bed is RUTH, whose eyes are closed.
24) 2) dialog: Ruth. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pls. No response.
24) 3) dialog: Ruth. Are you awake?
24) 5) dialog: Why do you think Madame comes and takes our artwork? What’s it for exactly? RUTH’S eyes open.
24) 7) dialog: But that’s what I mean. She comes here - what, twice a year - and selects our best pictures and sculptures and poems. And takes them away. (beat) She must have stacks of art by now. I asked Miss Geraldine once how long Madame’s been coming here, and she said for as long as Hailsham’s existed. KATHY rolls over, to face RUTH.
24) 8) dialog: So what is this Gallery? And why would she have a gallery of things done by us?
24) 10) dialog: Maybe. A moment of silence, as both KATHY and RUTH contemplate these thoughts. Then:
24) 13) dialog: Madame?
24) 15) dialog: That's a strange thing to say. RUTH shrugs. Beat. Beat.
24) 17) dialog: I don’t understand. How could Madame be scared of us? What could we do to her?
24) 19) dialog: And?
24) 23) dialog: «+. How?
26) 0) text: KATHY, RUTH, AMANDA, LAURA, and the five other girls stan in the shadows of Hailsham’s front doorway, watching the CAR approach.
28) 4) dialog: (confirms ) No doubt.
30) 0) text: Five students appear to be rehearsing a play, watched by MISS LUCY. Among the students on the stage are KATHY, TOMMY, and LAURA. Watching from the seats are the rest of KATHY’S year, including RUTH and AMANDA. There are a few props on the stage. A table, trays, plates. All other objects in the rehearsal - cash register, milk, sugar - are mimed. KATHY is on one side of the table, playing the roll of a cashier, and the others are queuing for the till. LAURA is first in line. TOMMY is behind her.
30) 1) dialog: Good morning, ma‘am.
30) 3) dialog: Can I help you? 37 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p24.
30) 5) dialog: Two teas. Right. KATHY turns behind her and mimes pouring milk into two mugs. Then she hands the non-existent mugs to LAURA.
30) 12) dialog: (whispers) Coffee.
32) 0) text: - ARTHUR swinging a rounders bat, and connecting with the ball, which has been pitched by KATHY. The ball arcs high up into the air, towards the outfield. .+. where TOMMY is fielding.
32) 1) dialog: Catch it, Tommy! TOMMY tracks the ball, walking backwards, looking for the catch. As it drops down, he reaches for it. 40 4l SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p27. And misses it. The ball flies over his head, bounces as it hits the ground, and bounces on towards the far perimeter of the playing field... .+. where it passes a wire fence, only waist high, and comes to rest in the long grass, two or three metres further on. TOMMY approaches the boundary fence. He sees the ball, bu makes no attempt to reach it. cur TO - - MISS LUCY, standing with the batting team. * The batting team are watching ARTHUR'S victory lap, cheering. But MISS LUCY, her expression unreadable, is watching TOMMY... .+. who now turns from the ball, and starts jogging back the game.
33) 6) dialog: The fence is the boundary of the Hailsham grounds.
35) 4) dialog: What sort of preferential treatment?
35) 6) dialog: There are always stories going round. Like the stories about kids who leave the boundary. It was obvious Miss Lucy didn’t believe that for a minute.
35) 8) dialog: All the girls like Arthur, don’t they? p30.
35) 14) dialog: He’s not my type. A loaded beat. Then:
35) 16) dialog: Changed how?
35) 19) dialog: I’m sure you’re right.
35) 21) dialog: Both, I’m sure. RUTH stays in the same position, eyes remaining open, watching KATHY.
36) 0) text: KATHY is tied to a tree. Her hands and feet have been cut off.
37) 0) text: By the front entrance, a delivery truck has pulled up on the gravel driveway. From the back, two DELIVERY MEN in overalls are unloading boxes. Various kids are watching them, intensely curious, but keeping an appropriate distance. Among the kids are KATHY, RUTH and TOMMY. One of the younger kids, a GIRL about eight or nine years old, calls to one of the DELIVERY MEN:
39) 0) text: We pick up KATHY running down a corridor in Hailsham - - being tugged along by RUTH’S hand. And we see that they are at the head of a large group of children, who are also running... 48 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p33. «+. and being joined by other children, streaming out of classrooms and side corridors. TOMMY is ahead of them. We lose KATHY and RUTH and TOMMY in the mass of kids... ++. and track the mass of children through the school. Out of the CORRIDOR... Up the STAIRS... Along another CORRIDOR... Until they explode into the -
41) 0) text: We pick up KATHY at the back of the throng, gazing at MIS LUCY. There is a frozen quality to MISS LUCY’S expression. MISS LUCY is seeing what we are seeing - that the objects of the children’s enthusiasm are worthless. In front of MISS LUCY, we catch two of the children havin a slightly giddy exchange. ARTHUR has found a book on
42) 0) text: KATHY sits in the corridor outside the sale room, where * chairs have been stacked to make room. * She chooses one, and sits. * A moment. Then:
42) 3) dialog: I have tokens. (beat) I’'1l wait until the rush has died down a bit. I’m sure something good will be left. Beat.
42) 7) dialog: A music tape?
42) 9) dialog: Thank you! From the expression on TOMMY’S face, this was clearly wor the tokens. INT. GIRLS’ DORMITORY - SUNSET 50 KATHY is alone in the girls’ dormitory. Outside the window, the light is a deep yellow from sunse and it bathes the room. Dust motes hang in light shafts. KATHY has the tape that TOMMY gave her, and she is inserting into a CASSETTE PLAYER that the girls in that room share. She presses PLAY - - and a song starts. It’s a slow ballad. The singer, Judy Bridgewater, is American. KATHY is immediately transported by the sound. She reacts as if it is the saddest, most beautiful song s has ever heard. As the song moves into its second verse, KATHY picks up a small pillow from one of the beds, and holds it close to her chest, as she starts to sway in time to the music. By the time the second chorus comes around, she has learn the melody, and picked up the repeating lyric of the chorus: Baby, never let me go. Her eyes close, and she starts to mouth these words... ++. until the short song is over. As the noise from the cassette player returns to the hiss between music tracks, KATHY opens her eyes, as if waking from a dream - - to find herself looking at MADAME, framed in the doorwa of the dormitory. Both KATHY and MADAME are frozen in the act of seeing eac other. But whereas KATHY’S expression is simple surprise, MADAME has tears pouring down her face. 51 52 53 54 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p37. In fact, she is sobbing. A beat later, MADAME turns, quickly, and leaves. And her hurried footsteps disappear down the corridor.
46) 0) text: Rain blows through the half open window. It collects on the interior windowsill, and drips onto th floor. Behind MISS LUCY, a map of the UK is pulled down over the blackboard. It shudders in the wind. REVEAL MISS LUCY’S class. KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, ARTHUR, LAURA, AMANDA, and the others of that year. All seated at their desks. There is an odd electricity in the air. The children don’ know what MISS LUCY is about to say. But they sense it is seismic. So they sit, and wait. Until she speaks.
47) 1) dialog: It surprises me to think that Miss Lucy was only actually with us at Hailsham for a few weeks. Not really very long at all. Beat.
47) 2) dialog: Yet by the time she left, everything was different somehow.
48) 0) text: The Hailsham students stand in the assembly hall. RUTH and TOMMY are standing beside each other. KATHY is one row back. MISS EMILY addresses the students from the lectern.
49) 0) text: KATHY walks down a path through trees at the back of Hailsham, towards — 58 59
50) 0) text: - the pond. Across the water is the large flat rock. On which RUTH and TOMMY are sitting. Chatting. Unaware of KATHY’S presence on the far side of the pond.
50) 1) dialog: I didn’t understand why, after all her teasing, Ruth would decide that Tommy was the boy she liked most of all. KATHY watches as RUTH turns TOMMY’S face towards hers.
50) 2) dialog: They say girls are always mean to the boys they like. So maybe Ruth had liked him all along. KATHY stops, as — - RUTH leans forwards to kiss TOMMY. Back to KATHY’S face, frozen.
50) 3) dialog: Maybe I should have teased him too. INT. GIRLS’ DORMITORY - DAY 59 KATHY’S collection sits on her bedside table. The small row of books. A fountain pen. And the JUDY BRIDGEWATER cassette. She puts another book into her collection. INT. GIRLS’ DORMITORY - DAY 59A The collection grows. Reveal KATHY, now in her late teens, packing a bag. 60 61 62 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p43.
52) 0) text: A minibus drives through flat countryside. The bus is being driven by a man in his early sixties - KEFFERS. In the back are six Hailsham students, now aged eighteen. Among them, KATHY, RUTH and TOMMY. KATHY and TOMMY we have seen before in adult incarnation, at the start of the film. RUTH we recognise by the colour of her hair... .+. and by the way her hand is enmeshed in TOMMY’S. All are glazed by the length of the journey. Gazing out of the window, watching the largely featureles landscape slide by.
52) 1) dialog: We left Hailsham at eighteen.
53) 1) dialog: My year were scattered to different locations, but Tommy, Ruth and I were relocated together, to a collection of buildings that had once been a working farm. At the far end of the dirt road, a cluster of farm buildings can be seen.
53) 2) dialog: We called them the Cottages.
54) 1) dialog: At the time, we thought the Cottages were just a staging post before the donation centers. A MINIBUS pulls up outside, and the students get out, eac carrying a rucksack and a suitcase. They all look slightly taken aback by what they see. KEFFERS directs them unceremoniously to the main house.
54) 2) dialog: But looking back, I can see they were actually a training ground of sorts. During our time there, some of us would be expected to volunteer as carers. As the students walk to the house, they have to pick thei way across the mud. Their shoes are unsuitable. Their clothing looks insufficient for the cold. Standing in the doorway of the main house is a girl. Slightly older. She wears a heavy jumper and Wellington boots. This is CHRISSIE. CHRISSIE watches them blankly as they approach. 64 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p45.
54) 3) dialog: The Cottages were also our first contact with those who had not had the privilege of growing up in Hailsham. FADE IN the sound of a TV sitcom LAUGHTER TRACK. cuT To -
55) 0) text: In the living room are RUTH and TOMMY. They are sitting o a sofa. Ruth is leaning back into TOMMY’S arms. At the other end of the sofa is KATHY. On another sofa is CHRISSIE. Entering the room is RODNEY, CHRISSIE’S boyfriend. As he walks behind CHRISSIE, he gives her shoulder a litt squeeze. Then sits beside her, and she slips her arm into his. As a gesture, it is clingy. As a rule, whenever RODNEY and CHRISSIE are near each other, they hold each other in such a way. All of them have slightly glazed expressions - - because they are watching the TV, which is showing a generic American sitcom, circa early nineties. In the background, other inhabitants of the Cottages come and go. On the floor are empty plates of food, presumably from a dinner eaten in front of the television. CLOSE UP on the TV screen - - where a group of attractive young Americans are sitting around in a New York apartment. One of the HANDSOME BOYS shakes his head at one of the PRETTY GIRLS.
57) 0) text: KEFFERS pulls up in his minibus outside the main house. He gets out, and picks up a box of groceries from the passenger seat. As he carries the box across the muddy yard to the main house, he slips. KEFFERS breaks his fall by landing on one knee, and he manages to keep the box of groceries upright. But when he rises, his leg is caked with mud. He looks immensely pissed off. KATHY is standing in the doorway of the main house to tak the box.
57) 1) dialog: Thank you, Mr Keffers. KEFFERS hands her the box and starts walking back across the yard without saying a word.
58) 0) text: The same group of people that were watching TV - KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE - are in the kitchen fixing breakfast. CHRISSIE and RUTH are cooking up some scrambled eggs, and the others are sitting at the table. Also at the table are two other young people. One reads a book, and the other eats cereal while reading the back of the cereal packet. KATHY is eating cereal too, and has an open book in front of her... -.. but is tuned-in to RUTH and CHRISSIE’S conversation.
59) 0) text: 70 The kitchen is now empty apart from KATHY and RUTH, who stand at the sink, washing up. While KATHY washes, RUTH dries. For a while, they do this in silence. Then KATHY speaks.
59) 1) dialog: Ruth, I’ve been meaning to ask you. Why do you do that thing - squeezing Tommy’s shoulder whenever you pass him? RUTH looks slightly confused.
59) 3) dialog: It’s the way you’re touching him. You know what I’m talking about. The way you squeeze his shoulder. (beat) It’s copied from that television show.
59) 5) dialog: (cuts in) And please don’t tell me ‘that’s so not true.’ RUTH shuts her mouth. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p49.
59) 6) dialog: All that behaviour: it’s not what people do, out there, in real life, if that’s what you were thinking. Hold on RUTH’S face. She looks angry - but unsure how to fight back. So she shrugs.
59) 8) dialog: What you mean is, Chrissie and Rod do it. And now the anger on RUTH’S face becomes, for a flashed moment, triumph. Which she quickly shifts into concern.
59) 10) dialog: (hotly) I never said that. I’m just saying it’s daft: you copy what they do, and they copy the TV show.
59) 12) dialog: No, you're not right. RUTH raises her eyebrows.
61) 0) text: KATHY is standing at the rear of the main farmhouse, holding a full rubbish-sack. She watches the motionless car in the field for a couple moments. It doesn’t restart. Then KATHY continues to the bins. When she opens the lid to put the rubbish-sack inside, sh sees, sitting on top of the bag already inside... «+. a Slightly crumpled PORNOGRAPHIC MAGAZINE. KATHY reacts. Then looks around, to see if anyone is near, or can see her.
62) 0) text: Daylight filters into what was once an old barn, and is n used as a general storage area. Judging by the dust and cobwebs, the space doesn’t get us much. KATHY enters, with the magazine. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p5l. She takes a seat... .»+. and starts to flick through the pictures. We watch KATHY scan the girls. She pauses on each image for the same amount of time, regardless of the pose of si of the photo. Her focus is their faces. KATHY is absorbed in what she is doing. And doesn’t notice at first that someone else has entered the barn, and is watching her. But she senses the presence. She tenses, and looks up. And sees TOMMY. TOMMY smiles, a little sheepishly.
62) 2) dialog: Hi Tommy. (beat) Don’t just hover in the doorway. Come in. Join the fun. TOMMY walks over to where KATHY sits.
62) 4) dialog: Girls are allowed to look too, aren’t we? Beat. KATHY starts flicking through the pages again.
62) 6) dialog: You’re welcome to take them after I've finished. TOMMY gives a short laugh.
62) 9) dialog: What do you mean? I’m just looking at dirty pictures.
62) 11) dialog: I suppose you could say that. TOMMY sits beside KATHY.
62) 13) dialog: How do you know what works for girls?
62) 15) dialog: Here. Give it to Ruth. See if they do anything for her. She exits. TOMMY watches her go. INT. KATHY’S ROOM - DAY 74 KATHY is reading on her bed. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p53. RUTH enters.
62) 17) dialog: Hi. RUTH sits on the bed.
62) 19) dialog: No. I haven't.
62) 21) dialog: You obviously want to tell me. Beat.
62) 23) dialog: Yes.
62) 25) dialog: What person?
62) 27) dialog: What is it, Ruth?
62) 29) dialog: They found your original?
62) 31) dialog: My God, Ruth.
62) 33) dialog: What are you going to do?
62) 35) dialog: Do you want me to come too? This is clearly what RUTH was hoping for. KATHY takes RUTH’S hand.
62) 36) dialog: Ruth, of course.
64) 0) text: RODNEY is driving, with CHRISSIE in the passenger seat. KATHY, TOMMY and RUTH are in the back.
65) 0) text: KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE all sit around a table in a small seaside cafe for lunch, looking at a men A WAITRESS is taking their order. As she waits for them to make up their minds, we see the WAITRESS reacts slightly to the sight of the bracelets. Not unlike MADAME, but perhaps better repressed. A frozen quality in her gaze that betrays the inward shudder.
65) 4) dialog: Sausage, egg, and chips for me too. CHRISSIE laughs.
66) 0) text: The five of them eat their lunch. The cokes are circa 1970s bottles of cheap Corona Cola. TOMMY seems distracted by the sight of the sea and the shore line, just outside the window. They are eating in silence. Then CHRISSIE shoots a glance at RODNEY, who nods, almost imperceptibly. KATHY sees it.
66) 12) dialog: There were lots of stories in Hailsham. I don’t think many of them turned out to be true.
70) 4) dialog: Rod - I hope you didn’t make up this possible for Ruth, just to create the opportunity to ask us about Hailsham.
70) 6) dialog: Then I equally hope you are not failing to find the office as a punishment for us not knowing about this deferral scheme.
70) 8) dialog: Then find the office. Now. RODNEY nods, clearly a little taken aback by KATHY’S tone
71) 0) text: KATHY, TOMMY, RUTH, and CHRISSIE are walking down a stree in a seaside down, following RODNEY. 83 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p6o.
72) 3) dialog: «+. Do you think it’s their lunch break?
74) 0) text: At the end of a pier, in sight of the carpark, are KATHY, RUTH and TOMMY.
74) 2) dialog: «+. No. You aren’t.
74) 7) dialog: Ruth - don’t - But RUTH isn’t going to stop now.
74) 10) dialog: We should go back. TOMMY doesn’t reply. He is watching KATHY. The light on her face. The way the wind pulls at her hair.
77) 0) text: In the hallway of the main house, just past the coat rack is a featureless metal box, attached to the wall, just li the one in Hailsham. The front door opens, and RUTH walks straight in. As she passes the metal box, she swipes it with her bracelet. TOMMY and KATHY follow behind.
78) 0) text: KATHY is cooking bacon over the stove. A couple of other faces from the Cottages are sat at the kitchen table, eating their dinner. Coming from the bedroom, we hear the sound of raised voices. An argument. Say:
78) 7) text: 89 90 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ped. KATHY slides the BACON out of the frying pan onto two slices of white bread, already buttered, then pushes the two slices together.
79) 0) text: KATHY climbs the stairs, carrying her bacon sandwich up t her room. She can hear the argument more clearly here, because the living room door is open.
80) 0) text: KATHY sits in the front hall of the Cottages, pulling on pair of Wellington boots. She then stands, and opens the front door. It’s a beautiful morning outside. The sun is just coming up.
80) 2) dialog: I thought I’d go for a walk.
81) 1) text: KATHY and TOMMY walk through a large greenhouse attached the cottage complex. When TOMMY speaks, his words are deliberate. Pre-prepared This is a conversation he has internally rehearsed before now.
81) 3) dialog: About the deferrals. TOMMY nods.
81) 5) dialog: Such as?
81) 8) dialog: That’s what they used to tell us. It reveals your soul. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p66.
81) 11) dialog: That’s a strange idea, Tommy...
81) 13) dialog: .»+. and didn’t Miss Lucy tell you that making art for the Gallery wasn’t important?
81) 15) dialog: Are you thinking of applying. You and Ruth.
81) 17) dialog: Why? 94 95 96 97 On TOMMY. Beat. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p67. Weighing up two possible answers.
81) 19) dialog: You never got anything into the Gallery?
81) 21) dialog: It’s all just rumours and theories.
81) 23) dialog: I don’t know, Tommy. I really don’t.
82) 0) text: The Cottages, under a clear starry sky. INT. TOMMY’S ROOM - NIGHT RUTH and TOMMY are having sex. INT. KATHY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS KATHY can hear RUTH and TOMMY. She reaches for the Walkman, and puts it on. For a few moments she is transported.
83) 0) text: Then: 94 95 96 97 98 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p6s. INT. KATHY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 98 The song ends. KATHY pulls off the headphones. Opens her eyes. Then JOLTS - - at the sight of a figure, standing in her doorway. It’s RUTH. She enters KATHY'S bedroom, and quietly closes the door behind her. Then she pads over to KATHY’S bed, and kneels down. The room is only lit by moonlight, filtering through the window. RUTH'S face, though close to KATHY’S, is in shadow. A strange beat. Then RUTH speaks.
84) 0) text: KEFFERS carries a box of groceries to the main house, whe KATHY is waiting at the front door. When KEFFERS hands her the box, KATHY doesn’t take it.
84) 1) dialog: I want to be a carer. KEFFERS looks back at her blankly.
84) 2) dialog: It’s you I apply to, isn’t it?
84) 4) dialog: So. I’m applying. KEFFERS nods.
86) 1) dialog: By the time Ruth and Tommy finally separated, my carer training had already begun, so I was hardly ever at the Cottages. In the field by the cottages, we can see a figure standin TOMMY. He is looking away from the cottages - where we can see KEFFERS’ minibus is parked.
86) 2) dialog: It had never occurred to me that our lives, until then so closely interwoven, could unravel and separate with such speed.
87) 0) text: KATHY is carrying a suitcase out of the front door to the Cottages... «+. towards the open boot of the minibus. Standing beside the minibus is KEFFERS.
87) 1) dialog: If I had known, maybe I’d have kept tighter hold of them, and not let unseen tides pull us apart. A YOUNG MAN helps her with a second suitcase. From the doorway of the Cottage, two other young people, BOY and a GIRL, watch them. KATHY turns back and waves to the two standing in the doorway - - who wave back, smiling. KATHY'’S gaze flicks up to RUTH’S window -
87) 4) text: 103 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p7l. - but no one is there. KATHY gets into the minibus... +. and KEFFERS drives her away.
88) 1) text: A block of flats in early morning. INT. KATHY’S FLAT - CONTINUOUS 103 KATHY, aged twenty six, is lying on a single bed. Beside the bed, her alarm is sounding. KATHY switches it off. Swings her legs out the side of the bed. Rises to a sitting position. And rubs the sleep out of her eyes.
88) 2) dialog: For the most part, being a carer has suited me fine. I can handle the solitude, the broken sleep, and the constant shuttle from clinic to clinic. We see around KATHY’S flat. It is Spartan, tidy, functional, and gives no indication a life shared with anyone else. There is a sense that KATHY only uses her flat for eating an early breakfast, or a late dinner, and sleeping. The one suggestion of a life outside work and sleep is, lined on a shelf, four desk lamps. Each a different colour. 104
88) 4) dialog: The true test of a carer is when a donor completes earlier than expected, on the second or even first donation. Many go through the carer training, only to find they aren’t cut out for it. INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE KATHY’S FLAT - DAY 104A KATHY exits her flat, swipes her bracelet on the tracking system box, and locks the door behind her.
89) 0) text: KATHY drives along an A-road.
90) 0) text: Seen through the doorway, KATHY sits beside a hospital be In the bed is a woman about KATHY’S age. HANNAH. HANNAH has one eye missing, and has bandages around her abdomen. KATHY pulls a packet of dark chocolate digestives from a plastic carrier bag.
90) 1) dialog: Here you are. Dark chocolate. If you knew how many shops I had to try before I found them...
90) 3) dialog: You aren’t, but I am. And after the operation, you can wolf down the rest of the packet in one go. 107 108 109 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p73.
91) 1) dialog: I'd never say I’ve become immune to the completions. But they are something I am able to live with. Out of our earshot, KATHY and the NURSE talk for a few moments. Then KATHY stands, and kisses HANNAH on each cheek.
93) 0) text: KATHY sits on a chair in a lounge area. * A few donor patients sit around watching TV, or playing * ping pong. All are damaged - with eyes, teeth, or limbs * missing. * She is asleep, dozing with her head resting to the side. Observed by one of the patients, a young FEMALE NURSE * approaches KATHY. *
93) 3) dialog: Yes. Beat. KATHY scans the NURSE’S face, and understand immediately what she sees. 110 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p74.
93) 5) dialog: What kind of complications? The NURSE’S expression remains neutral.
93) 7) dialog: Right. KATHY stands. She looks very tired.
93) 8) dialog: You need me to sign the release.
94) 0) text: KATHY stands at the ward desk, filling out the forms that the NURSE puts in front of her. As KATHY writes:
94) 2) dialog: I can be back home in under two hours.
94) 5) dialog: ..-. Yes. Actually, we grew up together.
94) 7) dialog: How is she?
94) 9) dialog: Very close as children. Though we haven’t seen each other now for nearly a decade.
94) 11) dialog: (checking the patient form) She’s done two donations. (looks up) You think she'll complete on the third. Beat.
95) 1) text: KATHY stands outside a ward room. She hesitates for a couple of moments. Then goes in. 112 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p76. INT. RUTH’S WARD ROOM - CONTINUOUS 112 KATHY enters RUTH’S ward room. The bed is empty. The room feels very still. KATHY walks up to the bed. On the bedside table is a glas of water, half-full, and an open copy of a novel, the spi bent back to keep its place. KATHY checks over her shoulder, then opens the bedside table drawer. She sees a wrist-watch, and some hair-clips... -».- and a single Hailsham token. Kept like a lucky casin chip. KATHY reacts. Then shuts the drawer. Almost as soon as she has done so, KATHY hears a noise. The toilet in the bathroom flushes. KATHY turns, and, a moment later, the door to the toilet opens. Revealing RUTH. She is struggling slightly to exit the bathroom, because she is having to use a walker in order to stay upright, a it’s awkward manoeuvring it past the self-closing door. So for a moment or two, she doesn’t notice KATHY. Then she has the walker past the doorframe. And looks up. Then freezes at the sight of KATHY. Momentarily stunned, dislocated. For a moment, the two women gaze at each other. Then the moment is broken - - as a smile breaks over RUTH’S face.
96) 1) text: KATHY and RUTH walk down a corridor in the Dover Recovery Centre. RUTH'S progress, using her walker, is slow.
96) 3) dialog: What do you hear about Tommy?
96) 5) dialog: Good old Tommy. I’m not surprised.
96) 8) dialog: +. What kind of things?
96) 14) dialog: It’s not the last time, yet, Ruth. They offered me a bed here. I was planning to stay the night anyway.
97) 0) text: Half the windows in the recovery center remain lit throug the night. 115 INT. RUTH’S WARD ROOM - DAY 115 The following morning. KATHY is peeling an orange, watched by RUTH - who is lyin in her bed, propped up on pillows. KATHY pulls the segments neatly apart, then hands them to RUTH. RUTH smiles.
97) 4) dialog: Where to?
97) 7) dialog: Is it the boat? The one stranded on the beach?
97) 9) dialog: From a carer who had worked there. (beat) It’s quite a drive from here. Are you sure you’re up to it?
97) 15) dialog: Not since the Cottages. RUTH nods.
98) 0) text: Large, automated cast iron gates. A sign reads: Kingsfield Recovery Centre The gates start to swing open, and KATHY’S car drives through.
99) 0) text: KATHY drives up towards the main building. Outside the front doors, there is a group of four people, patients, standing and chatting. RUTH makes a sudden sharp intake of breath.
100) 1) text: Now we are with TOMMY and KATHY... ++. aS KATHY is spun round by TOMMY’S embrace - - so that she now faces RUTH, watching through the car windscreen. RUTH face is oddly blank, almost frozen, as if she is watching people in a play.
100) 2) dialog: (pulling back) Ruth’s in the car. TOMMY pulls back from KATHY, and goes to open the passeng door... .»+. and now it is KATHY’S turns to watch through the windscreen, as TOMMY leans in and kisses RUTH on each cheek. It is a different kind of greeting. More restrained. And KATHY can see that.
101) 0) text: KATHY’S car drives down a narrow, winding country road. Almost a dirt-track.
102) 0) text: KATHY drives, with RUTH still in the passenger seat, and TOMMY in the back seat.
102) 2) dialog: No. It doesn’t. TOMMY laughs. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ps2.
102) 6) dialog: Yes. I’m sure.
103) 0) text: KATHY stops the car. The dirt track has come to an end. KATHY and TOMMY exit the car. RUTH opens her door and peers out. Again, we see the same slight panic in RUTH that we saw when they arrived at Kingsfield and saw TOMMY. It is as if, over the intervening years, all her power and authori has gone.
104) 0) text: KATHY and TOMMY carry RUTH, with one of her arms around each of their shoulders. RUTH is not paralysed - she just has very little power in her legs. But the effort for TOMMY and KATHY is considerable.
104) 2) dialog: Oh do be quiet, Ruth. I’ve already told you I’m sure.
106) 1) text: SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ps4. Looks back at RUTH and KATHY, and waves. KATHY and RUTH are on the banks of the dune that overlook the boat. KATHY is standing. RUTH is seated. KATHY waves back to TOMMY, but RUTH doesn’t appear to see Apparently lost in her own thoughts.
107) 0) text: TOMMY and KATHY sit beside RUTH on the dune, facing the boat.
107) 3) dialog: Sometimes.
107) 6) dialog: There’s no conspiracy. It does happen sometimes. But it’s not common. TOMMY keeps gazing at the boat.
107) 10) dialog: «+. Forgive you for what?
107) 17) dialog: It’s too late for that. Way too late. It’s stupid to even think about it.
108) 0) text: A breeze whips up sand around the fishing boat. The tide is coming in, lapping around the wood. KATHY, TOMMY and RUTH have gone.
108) 4) text: KATHY sits on the floor of TOMMY’S room in Kingsfield. She is surrounded by more of these intricate black and white pictures, all depicting different animals. But the one she holds is of the elephant.
108) 6) dialog: They’re wonderful.
108) 8) dialog: You remember that?
108) 10) dialog: «+. Ruth said you didn’t understand what I was doing. 127 128 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pss.
108) 12) dialog: I used to get these huge urges to have sex. Sometimes they were so powerful I thought I’d do it with anyone. (beat) So I thought that had to tell me something. Something about what kind of person I was modelled from. I guessed the magazines would be the most likely place I'd find her.
108) 14) dialog: Yes. I know that now.
109) 1) text: Lights glow in Kingsfield. Through one of the windows, we can see TOMMY lying in his bed, and KATHY in the chair beside him, reading to him fr a book. INT. KINGSFIELD/TOMMY’S WARD ROOM - CONTINUOUS 128
109) 2) text: KATHY is reading from One Thousand And One Nights.
109) 3) dialog: I embarked on a ship to the city of El-Basrah, with a company of merchants, and we traversed the sea for many days and nights. Passing island after island, sea to sea, land to land. In each place, we bought and sold, and exchanged merchandise.
109) 6) dialog: Until we arrived at one island like the gardens of paradise, and the master of the ship cast anchor there. KATHY looks round at TOMMY’S face again.
110) 4) dialog: We're going to do it. Beat.
110) 5) dialog: I thought you should know.
110) 7) dialog: Yes. RUTH closes her eyes.
111) 0) text: KATHY is walking down a quiet street. A MAN is walking just ahead of her, carrying a bunch of multicoloured balloons. KATHY is fixated on the fist holding the strings.
112) 0) text: KATHY is seated on a seafront bench. She watches elderly people making their way down the promenade. She holds the address RUTH gave her. Her gaze is directed at one house in particular. As she watches, in the background, a tall Nigerian man - GEORGE - pushes an old woman on a wheelchair. The old woman is wrapped and sunk into a blanket, and though we do not see her face, it is in fact MISS EMILY.
113) 1) text: KATHY and TOMMY walk around the Kingsfield grounds, by a swimming pool which has been filled-in with concrete.
113) 2) dialog: I checked the address. (beat) We just go there. Next week, I’ll take you for lab tests. I‘1l sign you out for the whole day. And we'll visit Madame on the way back. TOMMY nods.
113) 4) dialog: I don’t know. Maybe they’1ll send us back to the Cottages. (MORE)
113) 6) dialog: Or maybe they have a separate place for people like us. We’1l have to wait and see.
113) 8) dialog: Yes. As they walk, KATHY takes TOMMY’S hand.
113) 9) dialog: (repeats) Yes.
115) 0) text: KATHY and TOMMY sit in the car - - looking at a red brick terraced house. A woman is outside the house, weeding large terra-cotta planters in the front garden. The woman is MADAME. 134 135 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pg2. EXT. MADAME’S HOUSE - DAY 134 KATHY and TOMMY approach the front gate. MADAME doesn’t appear to notice them.
115) 1) dialog: Madame. MADAME starts - and looks up. Confused.
115) 2) dialog: Sorry. I didn’t mean to startle you. But we were at Hailsham. I’m Kathy. This is Tommy. (beat) We haven't come to give you any trouble.
115) 7) text: The inside of the house is dark, and MADAME doesn’t switc on the lights. MADAME ushers TOMMY and KATHY into the living room, then dissapears. The living room was once two rooms, with the partition wa removed, now replaced by a sliding screen. The interior is lit by what light filters through the net curtains. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p93. It reveals a Victorian living room, with period furniture and a feeling of dust and age. On one wall are two agit-prop posters, in support of the Hailsham movement. Opposite, a large watercolour of Hailsham is hung above t fireplace.
115) 10) dialog: What do you mean? There’s no pond here.
115) 13) dialog: Yes. Their quiet exchange is silenced by noise on the far side of the sliding screen: MADAME moving about. Then the sliding screen is pulled back... ... but apparently for no purpose. The rear half of the living room - beyond what was once the partition wall - i almost completely in shadow. With the screen fully pulled back, MADAME enters the lit area of the room, and indicates that they should sit. MADAME takes a seat in an armchair beside the fireplace, and KATHY and TOMMY sit on the sofa opposite. As they get comfortable, there is a soft mechanical whirring sound from the dark half of the living room, whi KATHY is distracted by. Then brought back to focus by MADAME. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pod.
115) 17) dialog: We would never have bothered you if we weren’t really sure.
115) 25) dialog: - looking at MADAME. She's a step ahead of TOMMY. Realising the mistake that she and TOMMY have made. Perhaps because, deep down, she already knew.
115) 33) dialog: (quiet) There are no deferrals, Tommy. TOMMY looks at KATHY, uncomprehending. Then back at MADAME. Who gently confirms.
115) 36) dialog: Yes. MADAME turns to TOMMY.
115) 39) text: 137 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p98. KATHY pauses at the doorway, where MADAME stands.
115) 40) dialog: Thank you for talking to us. MADAME says nothing. Beat.
115) 41) dialog: I know what you’re thinking. MADAME reacts, slightly dreamily, as if she has momentari lost focus.
115) 43) dialog: There was a time you saw me. It was one afternoon, in the dormitories. There was no one else around, and I was playing this tape. This music. MADAME smiles distantly.
115) 45) dialog: ++. So do I. A beat. Then MADAME reaches out, and touches KATHY’S cheek.
116) 0) text: KATHY and TOMMY drive in silence through countryside, bac towards Kingsfield. Shadows are long. The countryside is bathed in the last o the day’s sunlight. Fields line the road on either side. 138 139 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p99.
117) 0) text: KATHY walks to TOMMY. KATHY and TOMMY stand by KATHY’S car. They embrace, holding each other tightly for several moments. Eventually, FADE TO -
118) 0) text: KATHY, twelve, sits in the art room. She sees TOMMY, studiously working on his drawing. Sees RUTH, working on her own drawing. She watches them for several moments. In the afternoon sunshine. The tree tops moving in the wind outside the ar room windows. Then TOMMY looks up at KATHY and smiles. 140 141 142 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ploo.
118) 1) dialog: Tommy completed on his fourth donation. cur TO -
119) 0) text: KATHY’S car is driving along an empty road.
119) 1) dialog: I’ve been given my notice now. My first donation is in six weeks.
120) 0) text: KATHY isn’t sobbing, but her eyes are filling with tears.
120) 1) dialog: What I’m not sure about is whether our lives have been so different from the lives of the people we save. We all complete. She pulls over to the side of the road, and gets out of t car.
121) 0) text: KATHY stands by the roadside, collecting herself. By the road are fences, lining the fields. And caught in the barbed wire... ++. are hundreds of abandoned plastic bags.
121) 1) dialog: And none of us really understand what we've lived through. Or feel we've had enough time.