8) 1) dialog: Ruth. Kath. Look - they’re going to set off Tommy.
12) 1) dialog: Are you all right, Kath?
15) 0) text: Lunch, in Hailsham’s refectory. Trays contain compartments filled with extremely overcook food. Grey meat and faded vegetables. The kids take the trays from the food trolleys, then take seats at long refectory tables. KATHY is carrying her tray with RUTH, AMANDA and LAURA. She sees TOMMY. As the other girls move forwards with their trays... ... KATHY hangs back.
18) 0) text: - a scene from an anonymous film. Black and white, from the thirties, forties or fifties. The scene is a caperish moment of chase, or slapstick... +. which is being watched, with delight, by KATHY, TOMMY, RUTH, ARTHUR, LAURA, and all other students in their year As the moment of slapstick resolves, the kids all shout:
26) 0) text: KATHY, RUTH, AMANDA, LAURA, and the five other girls stan in the shadows of Hailsham’s front doorway, watching the CAR approach.
28) 0) text: Around the side of the building, the girls reconvene. One of the girls, LAURA, looks particularly shaken and close to tears.
28) 5) dialog: If she doesn’t like us, why does she want our artwork? Why doesn’t she just leave us alone? The response from the others is silence. There seems to be no answer to these questions. INT. GIRLS’ DORM - DAY 35 KATHY is alone, gazing at herself in a wall-length mirror Over this, we start to hear the Hailsham school song.
30) 0) text: Five students appear to be rehearsing a play, watched by MISS LUCY. Among the students on the stage are KATHY, TOMMY, and LAURA. Watching from the seats are the rest of KATHY’S year, including RUTH and AMANDA. There are a few props on the stage. A table, trays, plates. All other objects in the rehearsal - cash register, milk, sugar - are mimed. KATHY is on one side of the table, playing the roll of a cashier, and the others are queuing for the till. LAURA is first in line. TOMMY is behind her.
30) 2) dialog: Good morning.
30) 4) dialog: I wanted two teas. Milk in one tea, and milk and sugar in the other.
30) 6) dialog: You forgot the sugar. The students in the seats laugh. KATHY rolls her eyes, and mimes adding sugar. LAURA moves on. TOMMY, behind LAURA, misses his cue to move forwards. MISS LUCY prompts him.
33) 9) dialog: We don’t go outside the boundary, Miss Lucy. It’s too dangerous.
33) 13) dialog: Dead. looks shocked.
33) 15) dialog: It was before we all got here.
33) 23) dialog: This was in the older days, when the guardians were much stricter. Before Miss Emily.
40) 0) text: - SALE ROOM, where the SALE is now underway. The refectory tables double as stalls, with the sale item laid out along them. The oldest children work as monitors, standing behind the tables, exchanging tokens for goods, and keeping their highly excited young customers under control. We TRACK ALONG one refectory table, seeing the excited faces and grabbing hands of the kids on the other side, a they pick the sale items up, searching for the best stuff at the best prices. And we finally see the sale items themselves - - which reveal themselves to be the kind of things one might find in a junk shop, or a car-boot sale. Nothing new, nothing complete. Toys out of the their boxes. Watches with no clasp on the strap. The top half of a track-suit. Football boots without laces. Among the kids, we see the faces of children we have already met, including RUTH, TOMMY, ARTHUR, LAURA, and AMANDA. We pick up TOMMY, who has found something, but we can’t s what it is. He pays a GUARDIAN in tokens. To the side, another GUARDIAN notes down on a clipboard what the kids are purchasing. 49 49k SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p34.
41) 3) dialog: It’s perfect! Everyone knows you're a natural for acting.
46) 0) text: Rain blows through the half open window. It collects on the interior windowsill, and drips onto th floor. Behind MISS LUCY, a map of the UK is pulled down over the blackboard. It shudders in the wind. REVEAL MISS LUCY’S class. KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, ARTHUR, LAURA, AMANDA, and the others of that year. All seated at their desks. There is an odd electricity in the air. The children don’ know what MISS LUCY is about to say. But they sense it is seismic. So they sit, and wait. Until she speaks.