27) 0) text: The car pulls up on the gravel courtyard of Hailsham, and parks. The driver, MADAME, exits the car, then goes around to th boot - - which she opens. Inside is her luggage - a small overnight bag. She takes it out, closes the boot, then turns - - and STARTS. Because surrounding her, in a tight circle, are the nine girls. There are standing several feet away, not moving. Just looking at MADAME. A beat. Frozen and uncertain for MADAME. Then she starts to walk. And almost as soon as she does so - - the children start to walk too. Moving straight for her. Making her stop again in her tracks, and hold the overnight bag to her chest. In a slightly stiff, glazed way, the girls each murmur, dream-like -
29) 0) text: The school song leads us to the main hall, where it is being sung by the students of Hailsham, who stand in rows for morning assembly. There are about eighty of them, of ages ranging from five to eighteen. Two younger children are whispering until they are silenc by a frown from the head guardian, MISS EMILY. When the song has finished, MISS EMILY prepares to addres them from a lectern on a raised stage. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p22. Behind her, the other guardians stands, and among them is MADAME .
65) 0) text: KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE all sit around a table in a small seaside cafe for lunch, looking at a men A WAITRESS is taking their order. As she waits for them to make up their minds, we see the WAITRESS reacts slightly to the sight of the bracelets. Not unlike MADAME, but perhaps better repressed. A frozen quality in her gaze that betrays the inward shudder.
115) 0) text: KATHY and TOMMY sit in the car - - looking at a red brick terraced house. A woman is outside the house, weeding large terra-cotta planters in the front garden. The woman is MADAME. 134 135 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pg2. EXT. MADAME’S HOUSE - DAY 134 KATHY and TOMMY approach the front gate. MADAME doesn’t appear to notice them.
115) 3) dialog: From Hailsham... (beat) If you haven’t come to give me trouble, then why are you here?
115) 6) dialog: Very well, then. Come inside. INT. MADAME’S HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - DAY 135
115) 7) text: The inside of the house is dark, and MADAME doesn’t switc on the lights. MADAME ushers TOMMY and KATHY into the living room, then dissapears. The living room was once two rooms, with the partition wa removed, now replaced by a sliding screen. The interior is lit by what light filters through the net curtains. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p93. It reveals a Victorian living room, with period furniture and a feeling of dust and age. On one wall are two agit-prop posters, in support of the Hailsham movement. Opposite, a large watercolour of Hailsham is hung above t fireplace.
115) 14) dialog: So. Long beat. Then:
115) 18) dialog: Verifiable. I see. (beat) Go on.
115) 20) dialog: Tell me the purpose.
115) 26) dialog: I’m sorry. (beat) I don’t know what to do at this point. I never know what to do. Should I let them continue, or should I stop them now? Silence. It takes a moment to realise that this question was not asked to the ether, but was directed at someone in particular. Someone actually in the room, who has not yet been revealed.
115) 27) dialog: Well? Beat.
115) 28) dialog: It’s you they’ve really come to see.
115) 34) dialog: There are no deferrals. And there never have been. Beat.
115) 37) dialog: Your drawings are very good. If you want, I’ll keep them. TOMMY doesn’t answer. He just stares blankly into space. EXT. MADAME’S HOUSE - DAY 136 TOMMY and KATHY leave MADAME’S house. TOMMY walks ahead of KATHY, straight to the car parked outside, and gets inside.
115) 39) text: 137 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p98. KATHY pauses at the doorway, where MADAME stands.
115) 42) dialog: Tell me.
115) 44) dialog: Yes. (beat) I still think about that occasion from time to time.
115) 46) dialog: You poor creatures. I wish I could help you. But you’re by yourselves now.