55) 0) text: In the living room are RUTH and TOMMY. They are sitting o a sofa. Ruth is leaning back into TOMMY’S arms. At the other end of the sofa is KATHY. On another sofa is CHRISSIE. Entering the room is RODNEY, CHRISSIE’S boyfriend. As he walks behind CHRISSIE, he gives her shoulder a litt squeeze. Then sits beside her, and she slips her arm into his. As a gesture, it is clingy. As a rule, whenever RODNEY and CHRISSIE are near each other, they hold each other in such a way. All of them have slightly glazed expressions - - because they are watching the TV, which is showing a generic American sitcom, circa early nineties. In the background, other inhabitants of the Cottages come and go. On the floor are empty plates of food, presumably from a dinner eaten in front of the television. CLOSE UP on the TV screen - - where a group of attractive young Americans are sitting around in a New York apartment. One of the HANDSOME BOYS shakes his head at one of the PRETTY GIRLS.
58) 0) text: The same group of people that were watching TV - KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE - are in the kitchen fixing breakfast. CHRISSIE and RUTH are cooking up some scrambled eggs, and the others are sitting at the table. Also at the table are two other young people. One reads a book, and the other eats cereal while reading the back of the cereal packet. KATHY is eating cereal too, and has an open book in front of her... -.. but is tuned-in to RUTH and CHRISSIE’S conversation.
60) 0) text: In a field adjacent to the farm buildings, a car is drivi circles. Through the windscreen, we can see CHRISSIE behind the wheel. RODNEY is beside her. The car stalls as CHRISSIE grinds the gears viciously. Then it stops. CHRISSIE restarts the engine, puts the car in gear - - and almost immediately lurches, and stalls again. CHRISSIE bursts into tears. Although the intensity of her reaction might simply be he frustration at learning to drive, it feels somehow more than that.
64) 0) text: RODNEY is driving, with CHRISSIE in the passenger seat. KATHY, TOMMY and RUTH are in the back.
64) 1) dialog: So - exactly how much experience have you guys had with the outside?
64) 6) dialog: Okay. Well, don’t feel scared. There’s really nothing to it.
64) 8) dialog: Good. CcuT TO -
65) 0) text: KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE all sit around a table in a small seaside cafe for lunch, looking at a men A WAITRESS is taking their order. As she waits for them to make up their minds, we see the WAITRESS reacts slightly to the sight of the bracelets. Not unlike MADAME, but perhaps better repressed. A frozen quality in her gaze that betrays the inward shudder.
65) 1) dialog: I‘1ll get sausage, egg, and chips. 78 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p56. The WAITRESS nods and turns to TOMMY - who looks slightly panicked, as if confronted with an elaborate menu at an intimidating French restaurant. So he defaults to RODNEY’ order.
65) 7) dialog: Five cokes, please.
66) 0) text: The five of them eat their lunch. The cokes are circa 1970s bottles of cheap Corona Cola. TOMMY seems distracted by the sight of the sea and the shore line, just outside the window. They are eating in silence. Then CHRISSIE shoots a glance at RODNEY, who nods, almost imperceptibly. KATHY sees it.
66) 2) dialog: If there was a boy and a girl, and they were in love with each other - really, properly in love, and you could prove it - then you would be given a few years together, before you began your donations. TOMMY is frowning. Clearly, this story is news to him.
66) 4) dialog: When we were at White Mansion.
66) 6) dialog: They got three years straight. Three years together, just to themselves. Because they could prove they were properly in love. Beat.
66) 9) dialog: Who is it you go to? Who would you talk to if you wanted to apply? Silence. Until it is broken by TOMMY.
66) 11) dialog: Oh, come on. Do you expect us to believe that? Everyone knows Hailsham is special. So what is it? Why keep all these things to yourself? Another silence. Then KATHY says, delicately:
70) 0) text: «+. and RODNEY isn’t very sure where he’s going. He turns back to them, talking to no one in particular.
70) 1) dialog: I probably won’t be able to find this office again. In fact, I can’t even be sure this is the right town. RUTH is looking quietly desperate.
70) 3) dialog: I’m doing my best. I’m just saying: none of this is looking very familiar. KATHY walks up to RODNEY and speaks quietly but firmly to him.
70) 5) dialog: I wasn’t making it up.
70) 7) dialog: .-. Of course I’m not.
70) 9) dialog: It may have been down here.
71) 0) text: KATHY, TOMMY, RUTH, and CHRISSIE are walking down a stree in a seaside down, following RODNEY. 83 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p6o.
72) 0) text: On RODNEY’S FACE.
72) 1) dialog: ~-. Yes. He turns to the others.
72) 2) dialog: Yes. That’s it. The five of them are looking towards an office building, over the road. The office is glass-fronted, and through the window we ca see a large, open-plan room, with a dozen desks arranged irregular L-patterns. Some of the OFFICE WORKERS are moving between the desks, chatting. Others have pulled their swivel chairs together and are drinking coffee or eating sandwiches. The sight of these workers - the sight of these normal lives, unfolding behind the glass - transfixes the five young adults.
72) 7) dialog: Yes. That’s her. But it isn't. This woman is not RUTH’S genetic match, wit thirty years of age on her. And KATHY knows it. The five continue watching the WOMAN for several moments. ... then one of the other OFFICE WORKERS, a MAN, notices the five young adults across the road, all staring in at them. The MAN nudges the WOMAN beside him, and gives a slightly uncertain wave. This gesture breaks the spell over KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE... .».. and as one, they all turn and start to walk away.
73) 0) text: RODNEY and CHRISSIE sit in the car.