6) 0) text: In sunlight, two girls, aged twelve, lie on their bellies on a patch in front of the main house. Both wear the metal bracelets - as do all students at Hailsham, and all other facilities like it. The grass is strewn with daisies. One girl has blonde hair. This is KATHY. The other is dark. This is RUTH. KATHY is interlocking the stems of the small flowers, frowning in concentration, making a daisy chain.
6) 1) dialog: I think one day I'd like... SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p4. RUTH pauses. Thinking a moment.
6) 2) dialog: Four horses. (beat) No, five. Thunder, Bramble, Daffodil, and... RUTH trails off.
6) 3) dialog: I don’t know all their names. But I'd like five horses. (beat) The best would be Thunder. He'd be dangerous to ride, so you can’t ride him. You can ride Bramble. (beat) As long as you don’t use your crop on him.
6) 5) dialog: Pretty.
6) 7) dialog: «+. Look. KATHY follows RUTH’S gaze. By the entrance of the main house, two women have appeare One is older, in her mid sixties. This is MISS EMILY, the head guardian of Hailsham. The other is younger, in her late twenties.
6) 8) dialog: Who's that with Miss Emily? Do you think it’s the new guardian they were telling us about?
6) 11) dialog: We haven’t had a new guardian for ages. A moment, as the two girls watch the two women, squinting against the bright sunlight.
6) 12) dialog: I wonder if she’ll fit in. cuT To -
8) 0) text: «+. a group of girls, watching from the shade of a large ornate gate near the main building. The girls are joined by KATHY and RUTH.
8) 4) dialog: He really doesn’t suspect a thing. The girls all laugh - - except KATHY. KATHY watches TOMMY with slight concern. 11 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pé6.
8) 6) dialog: It’s coming. Hold on... any moment now... «+. Until eventually TOMMY is left standing alone. Realising he hasn’t been picked. And isn’t going to be picked. The boys all start sniggering.
8) 7) dialog: Seven seconds. Six, five, four, three... And SUDDENLY - before RUTH’S countdown can complete - TOM explodes. Head is thrown back. Bright red. Shaking. Screaming. The BOYS are now laughing openly - - then start to run away, on to the football pitch. Leaving TOMMY alone, directing his rage at the clear blue sky, arms and legs oddly rigid.
10) 1) dialog: I suppose it is a bit cruel, the way they work him up like that. But it’s his own fault. If he learned to keep his cool, they'd leave him alone. RUTH looks to KATHY, as if for approval - - but doesn’t get it. KATHY has stood, and is walking away from the gate toward TOMMY.
12) 2) dialog: I can’t believe he hit you!
12) 4) dialog: Are you bleeding?
12) 6) dialog: He’s an animal. That’s what I think. KATHY doesn’t respond, and instead looks back to the playing field. Where she sees TOMMY - - standing on the edge of the playing field, talking to t new guardian, MISS LUCY. TOMMY and MISS LUCY are too distant for us to hear their conversation, but we can read some of the body language, when MISS LUCY reaches out and touches him lightly on the shoulder. * Whatever MISS LUCY is saying, TOMMY is listening intently
12) 7) dialog: A mad animal.
13) 0) text: Children are lined to enter the MATRON’S office for a medical examination. The children are neatly lined, but chatting, and unconcerned. These examinations are completely routine. At the head of the queue are KATHY, RUTH and AMANDA. A group of three children exit MATRON’S office, followed MATRON herself. 16 17 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH po.
14) 0) text: A group of the Hailsham students are in the ART ROOM, quietly working on paintings and sculptures. In the corner of the room, another of their guardians, MI GERALDINE, is helping two of the children mix paint colours. At her table, KATHY works on a sculpture. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH plo. Meanwhile, RUTH pointedly leans over to the table beside them, where TOMMY is working.
14) 1) dialog: Tommy. What are you doing? Show us so we can have a look.
14) 3) dialog: Oh! It’s a - (she feigns uncertainty) - what is it exactly?
14) 7) dialog: I don’t know. Why don’t we ask Miss Geraldine to come over and tell us what she thinks? CLOSE UP on TOMMY’S face - flushing.
14) 14) dialog: (whispers) Here it comes! The kids goading TOMMY wait expectantly. Then TOMMY speaks. And the calmness has returned to his voice.
15) 0) text: Lunch, in Hailsham’s refectory. Trays contain compartments filled with extremely overcook food. Grey meat and faded vegetables. The kids take the trays from the food trolleys, then take seats at long refectory tables. KATHY is carrying her tray with RUTH, AMANDA and LAURA. She sees TOMMY. As the other girls move forwards with their trays... ... KATHY hangs back.
18) 0) text: - a scene from an anonymous film. Black and white, from the thirties, forties or fifties. The scene is a caperish moment of chase, or slapstick... +. which is being watched, with delight, by KATHY, TOMMY, RUTH, ARTHUR, LAURA, and all other students in their year As the moment of slapstick resolves, the kids all shout:
20) 1) text: MISS GERALDINE carries the artworks into the billiard roo where we glimpse MISS EMILY and two other GUARDIANS. One of the GUARDIANS closes the door behind MISS GERALDINE... .-. on KATHY and RUTH, who are in the corridor outside.
21) 0) text: We now follow KATHY and RUTH, as they run through the school.
23) 0) text: KATHY and RUTH continue running, heading around the side the building... 27 28 29 30 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pl7. +. then up onto a low flower-bed wall, which allows them to peer through the window of the billiard room. Where they can see MISS EMILY, MISS GERALDINE, and two others GUARDIANS. They are laying out paintings, drawing and sculptures on tables and easels. Through the glass, we can faintly hear MISS EMILY.
23) 2) dialog: (quiet, to Kathy) Madame is coming.
24) 1) text: INT. GIRLS’ BATHROOM - NIGHT 28 DELETED. INT. OUTSIDE GIRLS’ DORMITORY - CONTINUOUS 29 DELETED. INT. GIRLS’ DORMITORY - NIGHT 30 Rows of beds in the girls’ dormitory. Beside each bed, a beside table. And on each bedside table, a COLLECTION. KATHY’S collection mainly consists of books, and RUTH’S collection is model horses. KATHY is lying in her bed, looking at the ceiling. Thinking. After a couple of moments, she looks to her side. In the next bed is RUTH, whose eyes are closed.
24) 4) dialog: No. I’m asleep. And this is the dream I’m having.
24) 6) dialog: It’s for the Gallery.
24) 9) dialog: Maybe she sells them. Outside, out there, they sell everything.
24) 11) dialog: She’s scared of us. KATHY frowns, and props herself up in bed. 31
24) 14) dialog: Yes.
24) 16) dialog: I used to think she was just snooty, but now I know different.
24) 18) dialog: I don’t know. I don’t think we could do anything. But I’ve been remembering her last visit.
24) 20) dialog: I don’t know. Little things. The way she looks at us.
24) 21) dialog: She's scared all right.
24) 22) dialog: I bet I could prove it.
26) 0) text: KATHY, RUTH, AMANDA, LAURA, and the five other girls stan in the shadows of Hailsham’s front doorway, watching the CAR approach.
28) 1) dialog: You saw it, didn’t you? In her face. You all saw it.
28) 3) dialog: There’s no doubt. Kathy.
30) 0) text: Five students appear to be rehearsing a play, watched by MISS LUCY. Among the students on the stage are KATHY, TOMMY, and LAURA. Watching from the seats are the rest of KATHY’S year, including RUTH and AMANDA. There are a few props on the stage. A table, trays, plates. All other objects in the rehearsal - cash register, milk, sugar - are mimed. KATHY is on one side of the table, playing the roll of a cashier, and the others are queuing for the till. LAURA is first in line. TOMMY is behind her.
30) 11) dialog: A drink you pay for, you oaf. 38 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p25.
33) 3) dialog: Excuse me, Miss Lucy? The other SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p28.
33) 7) dialog: Why take the risk?
33) 11) dialog: There was once a boy who had a big row with all his friends, and ran off beyond the boundaries. And they found him two days later in the woods, tied to a tree.
33) 17) dialog: And there was the girl who climbed over the fence by the front gate.
33) 22) dialog: She climbed over to see what it was like outside.
33) 24) dialog: And when she tried to get back, she wasn’t allowed. But she kept hanging around outside, pleading, and they still wouldn’t let her in. And then she starved out there, right by the gates. Beat.
33) 26) dialog: Everybody knows them.
33) 28) dialog: Of course they’re true. RUTH glances to KATHY, as if for confirmation. KATHY is tying up her shoelaces.
33) 29) dialog: Who'd make up stories as horrible as that? INT. SHOWER ROOM - CONTINUOUS 4laA
35) 2) dialog: Have you heard the rumour?
35) 3) dialog: There’s a rumour going round. Started by some of the older kids. Something about boyfriends and girlfriends. Apparently they can get preferential treatment when they leave Hailsham.
35) 5) dialog: I don’t know. Just that it’s something to do with couples.
35) 7) dialog: I think Laura likes Arthur.
35) 13) dialog: Maybe. (beat) I’m not sure you do.
35) 15) dialog: Tommy’s changed.
35) 17) dialog: Just changed. That’s all. A moment of silence.
35) 18) dialog: I think Laura and Arthur will be the first in our year to have sex, because if Arthur wanted to, Laura wouldn’t stop him.
35) 20) dialog: Right about Laura wouldn’t stop him, or right about them being the first to have sex? KATHY rolls over on her side, and closes her eyes.
37) 0) text: By the front entrance, a delivery truck has pulled up on the gravel driveway. From the back, two DELIVERY MEN in overalls are unloading boxes. Various kids are watching them, intensely curious, but keeping an appropriate distance. Among the kids are KATHY, RUTH and TOMMY. One of the younger kids, a GIRL about eight or nine years old, calls to one of the DELIVERY MEN:
39) 0) text: We pick up KATHY running down a corridor in Hailsham - - being tugged along by RUTH’S hand. And we see that they are at the head of a large group of children, who are also running... 48 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p33. «+. and being joined by other children, streaming out of classrooms and side corridors. TOMMY is ahead of them. We lose KATHY and RUTH and TOMMY in the mass of kids... ++. and track the mass of children through the school. Out of the CORRIDOR... Up the STAIRS... Along another CORRIDOR... Until they explode into the -
40) 0) text: - SALE ROOM, where the SALE is now underway. The refectory tables double as stalls, with the sale item laid out along them. The oldest children work as monitors, standing behind the tables, exchanging tokens for goods, and keeping their highly excited young customers under control. We TRACK ALONG one refectory table, seeing the excited faces and grabbing hands of the kids on the other side, a they pick the sale items up, searching for the best stuff at the best prices. And we finally see the sale items themselves - - which reveal themselves to be the kind of things one might find in a junk shop, or a car-boot sale. Nothing new, nothing complete. Toys out of the their boxes. Watches with no clasp on the strap. The top half of a track-suit. Football boots without laces. Among the kids, we see the faces of children we have already met, including RUTH, TOMMY, ARTHUR, LAURA, and AMANDA. We pick up TOMMY, who has found something, but we can’t s what it is. He pays a GUARDIAN in tokens. To the side, another GUARDIAN notes down on a clipboard what the kids are purchasing. 49 49k SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p34.
46) 0) text: Rain blows through the half open window. It collects on the interior windowsill, and drips onto th floor. Behind MISS LUCY, a map of the UK is pulled down over the blackboard. It shudders in the wind. REVEAL MISS LUCY’S class. KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, ARTHUR, LAURA, AMANDA, and the others of that year. All seated at their desks. There is an odd electricity in the air. The children don’ know what MISS LUCY is about to say. But they sense it is seismic. So they sit, and wait. Until she speaks.
48) 0) text: The Hailsham students stand in the assembly hall. RUTH and TOMMY are standing beside each other. KATHY is one row back. MISS EMILY addresses the students from the lectern.
50) 0) text: - the pond. Across the water is the large flat rock. On which RUTH and TOMMY are sitting. Chatting. Unaware of KATHY’S presence on the far side of the pond.
52) 0) text: A minibus drives through flat countryside. The bus is being driven by a man in his early sixties - KEFFERS. In the back are six Hailsham students, now aged eighteen. Among them, KATHY, RUTH and TOMMY. KATHY and TOMMY we have seen before in adult incarnation, at the start of the film. RUTH we recognise by the colour of her hair... .+. and by the way her hand is enmeshed in TOMMY’S. All are glazed by the length of the journey. Gazing out of the window, watching the largely featureles landscape slide by.
55) 0) text: In the living room are RUTH and TOMMY. They are sitting o a sofa. Ruth is leaning back into TOMMY’S arms. At the other end of the sofa is KATHY. On another sofa is CHRISSIE. Entering the room is RODNEY, CHRISSIE’S boyfriend. As he walks behind CHRISSIE, he gives her shoulder a litt squeeze. Then sits beside her, and she slips her arm into his. As a gesture, it is clingy. As a rule, whenever RODNEY and CHRISSIE are near each other, they hold each other in such a way. All of them have slightly glazed expressions - - because they are watching the TV, which is showing a generic American sitcom, circa early nineties. In the background, other inhabitants of the Cottages come and go. On the floor are empty plates of food, presumably from a dinner eaten in front of the television. CLOSE UP on the TV screen - - where a group of attractive young Americans are sitting around in a New York apartment. One of the HANDSOME BOYS shakes his head at one of the PRETTY GIRLS.
58) 0) text: The same group of people that were watching TV - KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE - are in the kitchen fixing breakfast. CHRISSIE and RUTH are cooking up some scrambled eggs, and the others are sitting at the table. Also at the table are two other young people. One reads a book, and the other eats cereal while reading the back of the cereal packet. KATHY is eating cereal too, and has an open book in front of her... -.. but is tuned-in to RUTH and CHRISSIE’S conversation.
58) 1) dialog: I’m not even saying I’1l apply to be a carer. Just several people have told me I’d be good at it. But then Laura went around telling people that I had been saying I was the most likely to get selected. CHRISSIE rolls her eyes. 70
58) 4) dialog: (echoes, in agreement) So not true. KATHY, subtly, reacts. p48. RUTH brings over a plate of scrambled eggs and puts them front of TOMMY. As she does so, she gives his shoulder a little squeeze.
59) 0) text: 70 The kitchen is now empty apart from KATHY and RUTH, who stand at the sink, washing up. While KATHY washes, RUTH dries. For a while, they do this in silence. Then KATHY speaks.
59) 2) dialog: I’m allowed to touch Tommy, aren't I?
59) 4) dialog: That’s -
59) 7) dialog: So what? It’s no big deal. A lot of us do it.
59) 9) dialog: Oh, Kathy. So that’s what this is about. It must be awful for you, surrounded by all these couples.
59) 11) dialog: But I’m right, aren’t I? And you don’t like the fact that Tommy and I are friends with Chrissie and Rod. Whereas you hardly talk to anyone.
59) 13) dialog: (sarcastic) ‘So’ not right? RUTH puts her drying cloth down, and walks out of the kitchen. Leaving KATHY alone. 71 72 73 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p50.
62) 16) dialog: Hi.
62) 18) dialog: I suppose you’ve heard what Chrissie and Rod have been saying. KATHY puts her book down, bristling slightly - thinking that this conversation will relate to their earlier exchange, and that in some way RUTH is going to rub KATHY nose in her friendship with the older couple.
62) 20) dialog: They're probably just having me on. Their idea of a joke. Forget I mentioned it.
62) 22) dialog: You know that Rod and Chrissie have been thinking of applying to be carers. So they’ve been learning to drive.
62) 24) dialog: Well - last weekend, Rod and Chrissie went for a drive together, and they went up to a town on the Norfolk coast. (beat) And they think they saw this person.
62) 26) dialog: A lady. Working in an open-plan office. And... SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p54. RUTH glances at KATHY, and suddenly KATHY sees how vulnerable and anxious RUTH looks. KATHY sits up, concerned, their earlier spat forgotten.
62) 28) dialog: I’m sure it’s not true. Ora mistake. But - they thought this person was a ‘possible’. (beat) For me. KATHY looks genuinely amazed.
62) 30) dialog: They aren’t sure, obviously. But Rodney said the resemblance was really striking. KATHY sits beside RUTH on the bed.
62) 32) dialog: I know.
62) 34) dialog: Rod and Chrissie want to drive me back up there, so I can see for myself. Tommy will come, but... I feel nervous...
64) 0) text: RODNEY is driving, with CHRISSIE in the passenger seat. KATHY, TOMMY and RUTH are in the back.
64) 2) dialog: Quite a lot.
64) 4) dialog: We did a lot of role-playing exercises in Hailsham.
64) 7) dialog: We aren’t scared.
65) 0) text: KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE all sit around a table in a small seaside cafe for lunch, looking at a men A WAITRESS is taking their order. As she waits for them to make up their minds, we see the WAITRESS reacts slightly to the sight of the bracelets. Not unlike MADAME, but perhaps better repressed. A frozen quality in her gaze that betrays the inward shudder.
65) 3) dialog: Yes. Sausage, egg, and chips.
70) 2) dialog: Please do try to remember, Rod.
71) 0) text: KATHY, TOMMY, RUTH, and CHRISSIE are walking down a stree in a seaside down, following RODNEY. 83 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p6o.
72) 5) dialog: (quiet) Oh God. I think I see her. We see what RUTH sees.
72) 6) text: 84 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pel. A WOMAN, about thirty years older than RUTH, in her late forties. And there is a resemblance there. Facially, and in the wa she has tied her hair... .+. but the resemblance is not striking.
74) 0) text: At the end of a pier, in sight of the carpark, are KATHY, RUTH and TOMMY.
74) 1) dialog: It wasn’t her. (beat) Or - I’m not her.
74) 4) dialog: Oh shut up, Tommy. It wasn’t close. It wasn’t close at all.
74) 5) text: 85 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p62. An awkward beat. Then RUTH continues - cold anger growing in her voice.
74) 6) dialog: And I knew it wouldn’t be her before we even got there. It was never going to be her. They never, ever model us from people like that woman.
74) 8) dialog: We all know it. We just never say it. We’re modelled from trash. Junkies, prostitutes, winos, tramps. Convicts, maybe, so long as they aren’t psychos. RUTH starts to walk back down the pier to the car. Then stops.
74) 9) dialog: If you want to look for possibles, if you want to do it properly, then look in the gutter. That’s where we come from. RUTH leaves TOMMY and KATHY alone. EXT. PIER - SUNSET 84a At the end of the pier, KATHY is gazing out to sea.
77) 0) text: In the hallway of the main house, just past the coat rack is a featureless metal box, attached to the wall, just li the one in Hailsham. The front door opens, and RUTH walks straight in. As she passes the metal box, she swipes it with her bracelet. TOMMY and KATHY follow behind.
78) 1) dialog: I don’t know why you’d say something like that. Do you actually want me to get angry?
78) 3) dialog: Then what do you want? If you don't want to make me angry, if you don’t want me to be upset, why would you say something so completely stupid? We can't fully make out the words, but we can recognise t voices as RUTH and TOMMY. It sounds as if RUTH is doing most of the shouting. People around the dining table look round at the noise, then exchange glances, then go back to whatever they were doing.
79) 1) dialog: (angry) And a little back-up would be appreciated. A little support. How do you think it looks to everyone else?
79) 3) dialog: So what is it like, Tommy? Spell it all out for me.
82) 0) text: The Cottages, under a clear starry sky. INT. TOMMY’S ROOM - NIGHT RUTH and TOMMY are having sex. INT. KATHY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS KATHY can hear RUTH and TOMMY. She reaches for the Walkman, and puts it on. For a few moments she is transported.
83) 0) text: Then: 94 95 96 97 98 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p6s. INT. KATHY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 98 The song ends. KATHY pulls off the headphones. Opens her eyes. Then JOLTS - - at the sight of a figure, standing in her doorway. It’s RUTH. She enters KATHY'S bedroom, and quietly closes the door behind her. Then she pads over to KATHY’S bed, and kneels down. The room is only lit by moonlight, filtering through the window. RUTH'S face, though close to KATHY’S, is in shadow. A strange beat. Then RUTH speaks.
83) 1) dialog: (quiet) I know what you think, Kathy. (beat) I know you think that you and Tommy would have made a natural couple. And you believe there's a chance that Tommy and I will split up some day. And when we do, perhaps that will be your chance with Tommy. A chance to do it right this time. RUTH’S hand reaches out, and gently brushes against KATHY hair.
83) 2) dialog: (quiet) But the thing is, Kathy, although Tommy really likes you as a friend, he just doesn’t see you that way. RUTH laughs softly. 99 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p69.
83) 3) dialog: (quiet) Tommy told me all about the porno magazines. We had quite a laugh about it. RUTH voice lowers to barely whisper... .»+. and she puts her mouth so close to KATHY that she is almost kissing KATHY’S ear.
83) 4) dialog: (quiet) He didn’t understand what you were doing. But I did. A moment later, RUTH stands... «+. then leaves, closing the door softly behind her. A beat, on KATHY’S moonlit face. Her open eyes.
95) 1) text: KATHY stands outside a ward room. She hesitates for a couple of moments. Then goes in. 112 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p76. INT. RUTH’S WARD ROOM - CONTINUOUS 112 KATHY enters RUTH’S ward room. The bed is empty. The room feels very still. KATHY walks up to the bed. On the bedside table is a glas of water, half-full, and an open copy of a novel, the spi bent back to keep its place. KATHY checks over her shoulder, then opens the bedside table drawer. She sees a wrist-watch, and some hair-clips... -».- and a single Hailsham token. Kept like a lucky casin chip. KATHY reacts. Then shuts the drawer. Almost as soon as she has done so, KATHY hears a noise. The toilet in the bathroom flushes. KATHY turns, and, a moment later, the door to the toilet opens. Revealing RUTH. She is struggling slightly to exit the bathroom, because she is having to use a walker in order to stay upright, a it’s awkward manoeuvring it past the self-closing door. So for a moment or two, she doesn’t notice KATHY. Then she has the walker past the doorframe. And looks up. Then freezes at the sight of KATHY. Momentarily stunned, dislocated. For a moment, the two women gaze at each other. Then the moment is broken - - as a smile breaks over RUTH’S face.
95) 2) dialog: Kathy. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p77.
96) 1) text: KATHY and RUTH walk down a corridor in the Dover Recovery Centre. RUTH'S progress, using her walker, is slow.
96) 2) dialog: I’ve kept tabs on you over the years. (beat) And Tommy too.
96) 4) dialog: That he’s done his second donation too. And apparently, he’s doing very well on it. Apparently, he’s in better shape than some after their first donation.
96) 6) dialog: «+. Are you surprised at me? (beat) I expect I look a bit broken, Kath. KATHY makes no response.
96) 7) dialog: But that’s okay. I’m not sure I'd want to survive the third donation anyway. You hear things, don’t you?
96) 9) dialog: Oh, you know. How maybe, after the fourth donation, even if you've technically completed, you're still conscious in some sort of way. And then you find out there are more donations. Plenty of them. Except there are no more recovery centres, and no more carers. There’s just watching, and waiting. (MORE)
96) 11) dialog: Until they switch you off. (beat) I don’t think I fancy that. Silence.
96) 12) dialog: Is it the end of the day already? KATHY looks up to the sky. The sun is low.
96) 13) dialog: It’s funny. Over the last few months, I’ve probably thought about you every day. Hoping I'd see you. And actually I felt sure I would. It seemed impossible that I’d complete without seeing you one last time. Beat.
97) 0) text: Half the windows in the recovery center remain lit throug the night. 115 INT. RUTH’S WARD ROOM - DAY 115 The following morning. KATHY is peeling an orange, watched by RUTH - who is lyin in her bed, propped up on pillows. KATHY pulls the segments neatly apart, then hands them to RUTH. RUTH smiles.
97) 1) dialog: I knew you’d be a good carer. Your donors are very lucky. KATHY smiles back. A moment.
97) 3) dialog: Look - I was lying awake last night, and I suddenly had an idea that we’d take a trip together.
97) 5) dialog: (casual) I didn’t much think of where. Just a trip.
97) 6) dialog: Though a place did occur to me. One of the boys on the next floor was telling me about it. It’s near the Kingsfield recovery center. KATHY reacts slightly to the name Kingsfield. Beat.
97) 8) dialog: You're heard about it too?
97) 10) dialog: Quite sure.
97) 11) dialog: (gently) And do you suppose, if we're driving all that way, we could think about calling in on Tommy? Seeing as he’s staying at Kingsfield. Another beat - then RUTH smiles.
97) 12) dialog: I told you I’d been keeping tabs on both of you. (MORE)
97) 14) dialog: (beat) Have you seen him?
97) 16) dialog: No. Neither have I.
99) 0) text: KATHY drives up towards the main building. Outside the front doors, there is a group of four people, patients, standing and chatting. RUTH makes a sudden sharp intake of breath.
99) 1) dialog: Look. There he is. One of the figures is TOMMY. Older, hair cut short, thinner. But entirely recognisable. He turns to watch the approaching car.
99) 2) dialog: Do you think he’s recognised us through the glass? As if in answer, TOMMY lifts his hand, as if shielding hi eyes from overhead light, and squints at them. This sends RUTH into a slight panic.
99) 3) dialog: What do we do? Do we get out? No, no, let’s not get out. But KATHY has already opened the door. We stay in the car with RUTH - 118 119 120 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH psi. - who watches, like a silent film, as TOMMY walks towards KATHY. Then hugs her.
100) 1) text: Now we are with TOMMY and KATHY... ++. aS KATHY is spun round by TOMMY’S embrace - - so that she now faces RUTH, watching through the car windscreen. RUTH face is oddly blank, almost frozen, as if she is watching people in a play.
102) 0) text: KATHY drives, with RUTH still in the passenger seat, and TOMMY in the back seat.
102) 5) dialog: Are you sure this is the right way?
103) 0) text: KATHY stops the car. The dirt track has come to an end. KATHY and TOMMY exit the car. RUTH opens her door and peers out. Again, we see the same slight panic in RUTH that we saw when they arrived at Kingsfield and saw TOMMY. It is as if, over the intervening years, all her power and authori has gone.
103) 1) dialog: My walker is going to be useless here.
103) 4) dialog: Oh no. No one said anything about this. No one said anything about barbed wire.
104) 0) text: KATHY and TOMMY carry RUTH, with one of her arms around each of their shoulders. RUTH is not paralysed - she just has very little power in her legs. But the effort for TOMMY and KATHY is considerable.
104) 1) dialog: Kath - really, are you absolutely sure - KATHY snaps slightly.
106) 1) text: SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ps4. Looks back at RUTH and KATHY, and waves. KATHY and RUTH are on the banks of the dune that overlook the boat. KATHY is standing. RUTH is seated. KATHY waves back to TOMMY, but RUTH doesn’t appear to see Apparently lost in her own thoughts.
107) 0) text: TOMMY and KATHY sit beside RUTH on the dune, facing the boat.
107) 5) dialog: I think that happens more than they ever tell us.
107) 8) dialog: Well, it’s what we’re supposed to be doing, isn’t it? Silence. Then:
107) 9) dialog: I'd like you both to forgive me. I don’t expect you to. A long silence. None of them look at each other. Then:
107) 11) dialog: Keeping you and Tommy apart. Silence.
107) 12) dialog: It should have been you two together. I always knew it, as far back as I can remember. But I kept you apart. It wasn’t just because of the rumours about deferrals. It was because I was jealous. You had real love, and I didn’t. And - RUTH takes a breath. This is the truth, and it’s hard.
107) 13) dialog: I didn’t want to be the one that was left alone. Silence.
107) 14) dialog: It’s the worst thing I ever did. (beat) And now I want to put it right.
107) 16) dialog: Iocan. If the two of you get a deferral. 124 125 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ps6. Tears start running down KATHY’S face, and she wipes them away quickly.
107) 18) dialog: It’s not too late. Tommy. You tell her. TOMMY says nothing.
107) 19) dialog: You'll see. Both of you. I wanted to do this trip because I had something to give you. RUTH reaches into her pocket and pulls out a crumpled pie of paper. She hands it to TOMMY.
107) 20) dialog: It’s Madame’s address. That’s who you apply to. That’s who you have to go and see.
107) 22) dialog: It wasn’t easy. But I’ve had years to think about what I did, and years to work out how to make it better. (beat) Now it’s up to you two.
108) 0) text: A breeze whips up sand around the fishing boat. The tide is coming in, lapping around the wood. KATHY, TOMMY and RUTH have gone.
110) 1) text: Sun sinking over the recovery center. her hand slips kiss him. EXT. DOVER RECOVERY CENTRE/RUTH’S WARD ROOM - DAY
110) 2) text: RUTH sits by her window. ps9. under
110) 6) dialog: You're going to apply.
110) 9) dialog: Good.
112) 0) text: KATHY is seated on a seafront bench. She watches elderly people making their way down the promenade. She holds the address RUTH gave her. Her gaze is directed at one house in particular. As she watches, in the background, a tall Nigerian man - GEORGE - pushes an old woman on a wheelchair. The old woman is wrapped and sunk into a blanket, and though we do not see her face, it is in fact MISS EMILY.
114) 0) text: RUTH is strapped to an operating table. She is surrounded by SURGEONS and NURSES, who are operati on her opened torso. Her eyes are open, but glazed. RUTH blinks once. The alarm on the heart-rate monitor starts to sound. No one takes any notice. RUTH flatlines. The operation continues, unaffected. Concludes. And the various operating staff finish up. Scrub down. Exit. Leaving RUTH, her cadaver, on the operating table. Alone.
118) 0) text: KATHY, twelve, sits in the art room. She sees TOMMY, studiously working on his drawing. Sees RUTH, working on her own drawing. She watches them for several moments. In the afternoon sunshine. The tree tops moving in the wind outside the ar room windows. Then TOMMY looks up at KATHY and smiles. 140 141 142 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ploo.