1) 0) text: - the same woman, KATHY, standing at the window of an observation room. She is absentmindedly twisting a metal bracelet on her wrist, which is featureless except for an imprinted seven digit number. Through the glass, she is watching NURSES and SURGEONS prepping a twenty six year-old man for operation. TOMMY. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p2.
2) 0) text: TOMMY is in the process of being sedated. He also wears a metal bracelet. Beside him, an ANESTHETIST is inserting a drip into his arm.
3) 0) text: TOMMY turns his head to look at KATHY. Their locked gaze is held for a beat. Then KATHY nods. Very slight. As if to say: it’s okay. TOMMY continues looking a moment longer. Then the ANESTHETIST’S drug takes a hold of him. seconds, his eyes have gone heavy, then closed.
11) 0) text: KATHY approaches TOMMY, who is panting from the exertion his tantrum, still gazing up at the sky. KATHY puts a hand on TOMMY’S arm - - and TOMMY recoils violently, throwing his arm up, knocking her hand aside and striking the side of her face The strike is an accident - a reaction of surprise and confusion more than anger - but TOMMY seems even more shocked than KATHY by what he has done. A beat.
11) 3) dialog: (mumbling, a little stunned) So what? It’s nothing to do with you anyway. TOMMY starts to walk away. KATHY watches him go. 14 15 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ps.
14) 0) text: A group of the Hailsham students are in the ART ROOM, quietly working on paintings and sculptures. In the corner of the room, another of their guardians, MI GERALDINE, is helping two of the children mix paint colours. At her table, KATHY works on a sculpture. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH plo. Meanwhile, RUTH pointedly leans over to the table beside them, where TOMMY is working.
14) 8) dialog: It’s not finished yet.
14) 10) dialog: It’s not a rat.
14) 13) dialog: (voice rising) It's not a rat! On the other side of the room, the raised voice makes MIS GERALDINE’S head turn.
14) 15) dialog: It’s not a rat. (beat) It’s an elephant. He spins the picture back to face him, and continues to work on it. RUTH and AMANDA exchange a slightly puzzled glance - - but let it go, because MISS GERALDINE is now walking ov to their table... .+. and the kids return to their respective works. INT. MISS LUCY’S STUDY - DAY 17A In her small study, MISS LUCY is writing at her desk. KATHY appears in the doorway. MISS LUCY seems unaware.
15) 0) text: Lunch, in Hailsham’s refectory. Trays contain compartments filled with extremely overcook food. Grey meat and faded vegetables. The kids take the trays from the food trolleys, then take seats at long refectory tables. KATHY is carrying her tray with RUTH, AMANDA and LAURA. She sees TOMMY. As the other girls move forwards with their trays... ... KATHY hangs back.
16) 0) text: TOMMY sits at a table with a few spaces around him. We can sense he is used to eating alone. Not least from the surprise in his face when he looks up, and sees KATHY taking the seat opposite him.
16) 1) dialog: Kathy. (awkward) Aren’t you sitting with the girls? KATHY looks around, as if half expecting to find the girl either side of her. Then she looks back at TOMMY.
16) 3) dialog: I wanted to say I was sorry. I didn’t mean to hit you when - (he breaks off) I mean, I wouldn’t want to hit any girl. But particularly not you. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pl4.
16) 7) dialog: I’m not going to get angry like that any more.
16) 9) dialog: You notice everything, don’t you, Kath?
16) 11) dialog: (smiles) You are. AT THIS MOMENT, the seats immediately beside TOMMY and KATHY are taken by some kids coming over with their trays About to reply, TOMMY seems to think the better of it - apparently uncomfortable about their conversation being overheard.
16) 12) dialog: Why don’t we talk about it at the pond. 20 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pls.
17) 0) text: At the back of Hailsham, tucked away in the grounds, is a large pond surrounded by bulrushes and over-hanging trees Hailsham is reflected in the water. It’s quiet. Feels private. TOMMY sits on a large flat rock, with KATHY beside him. Beat.
17) 2) dialog: That’s exactly what she meant. She said some children are good at things, and some aren’t. So if I wasn’t creative, there was nothing wrong with it.
17) 4) dialog: I don’t know. (beat) The funny thing is, even though I don’t understand what she’s saying, it helps. I’ve stopped feeling so angry about things, because - (shrugs ) - whatever I’m doing wrong, or doing worse than the rest of you, it isn’t my fault.
17) 5) dialog: I think this shouldn't be spread, okay? It’s not the kind of thing that should get around, because Miss Lucy is a new guardian.
18) 0) text: - a scene from an anonymous film. Black and white, from the thirties, forties or fifties. The scene is a caperish moment of chase, or slapstick... +. which is being watched, with delight, by KATHY, TOMMY, RUTH, ARTHUR, LAURA, and all other students in their year As the moment of slapstick resolves, the kids all shout:
30) 0) text: Five students appear to be rehearsing a play, watched by MISS LUCY. Among the students on the stage are KATHY, TOMMY, and LAURA. Watching from the seats are the rest of KATHY’S year, including RUTH and AMANDA. There are a few props on the stage. A table, trays, plates. All other objects in the rehearsal - cash register, milk, sugar - are mimed. KATHY is on one side of the table, playing the roll of a cashier, and the others are queuing for the till. LAURA is first in line. TOMMY is behind her.
30) 8) dialog: Two teas. Milk in one, and milk and sugar in the other.
30) 10) dialog: Water? Some of the kids in the audience laugh. RUTH heckles from the front row.
30) 13) dialog: (to Miss Lucy) Coffee.
30) 15) dialog: (to Kathy) Two coffees. Milk in one, and milk and sugar in the other. As KATHY mimes the drinks:
32) 0) text: - ARTHUR swinging a rounders bat, and connecting with the ball, which has been pitched by KATHY. The ball arcs high up into the air, towards the outfield. .+. where TOMMY is fielding.
37) 0) text: By the front entrance, a delivery truck has pulled up on the gravel driveway. From the back, two DELIVERY MEN in overalls are unloading boxes. Various kids are watching them, intensely curious, but keeping an appropriate distance. Among the kids are KATHY, RUTH and TOMMY. One of the younger kids, a GIRL about eight or nine years old, calls to one of the DELIVERY MEN:
39) 0) text: We pick up KATHY running down a corridor in Hailsham - - being tugged along by RUTH’S hand. And we see that they are at the head of a large group of children, who are also running... 48 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p33. «+. and being joined by other children, streaming out of classrooms and side corridors. TOMMY is ahead of them. We lose KATHY and RUTH and TOMMY in the mass of kids... ++. and track the mass of children through the school. Out of the CORRIDOR... Up the STAIRS... Along another CORRIDOR... Until they explode into the -
40) 0) text: - SALE ROOM, where the SALE is now underway. The refectory tables double as stalls, with the sale item laid out along them. The oldest children work as monitors, standing behind the tables, exchanging tokens for goods, and keeping their highly excited young customers under control. We TRACK ALONG one refectory table, seeing the excited faces and grabbing hands of the kids on the other side, a they pick the sale items up, searching for the best stuff at the best prices. And we finally see the sale items themselves - - which reveal themselves to be the kind of things one might find in a junk shop, or a car-boot sale. Nothing new, nothing complete. Toys out of the their boxes. Watches with no clasp on the strap. The top half of a track-suit. Football boots without laces. Among the kids, we see the faces of children we have already met, including RUTH, TOMMY, ARTHUR, LAURA, and AMANDA. We pick up TOMMY, who has found something, but we can’t s what it is. He pays a GUARDIAN in tokens. To the side, another GUARDIAN notes down on a clipboard what the kids are purchasing. 49 49k SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p34.
42) 1) dialog: Hey. KATHY turns, and sees TOMMY beside her.
42) 2) dialog: Aren’t you buying? If you’ve already spent all your tokens, you can have some of mine... SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p35.
42) 4) dialog: What’s the matter, Kath? Ever since our conversation the other day, you’ve been a bit out of sorts. KATHY considers this a moment. And her gaze catches sight of MISS LUCY talking to MISS GERALDINE on the other side of the hall. A short silence.
42) 5) dialog: Well anyway. It doesn’t matter if you can’t find anything in the sale - TOMMY reaches into his pocket.
42) 6) dialog: - because I already found something for you. He produces a CASSETTE TAPE. On the cover, it reads: Songs After Dark, by Judy Bridgewater. The cover shows a woman, presumably the singer, wearing an off-the-shoulder purple satin dress. There are palm trees behind her, and a black waiter in a white tuxedo is bringing her a drink. A cigarette burns in her hand. CcuT TO - - KATHY’S response. Genuine surprise and delight.
42) 8) dialog: I don’t know much about it. If it’s much good or anything. KATHY leans forwards and gives TOMMY a kiss on the cheek. 50 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p36.
46) 0) text: Rain blows through the half open window. It collects on the interior windowsill, and drips onto th floor. Behind MISS LUCY, a map of the UK is pulled down over the blackboard. It shudders in the wind. REVEAL MISS LUCY’S class. KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, ARTHUR, LAURA, AMANDA, and the others of that year. All seated at their desks. There is an odd electricity in the air. The children don’ know what MISS LUCY is about to say. But they sense it is seismic. So they sit, and wait. Until she speaks.
48) 0) text: The Hailsham students stand in the assembly hall. RUTH and TOMMY are standing beside each other. KATHY is one row back. MISS EMILY addresses the students from the lectern.
50) 0) text: - the pond. Across the water is the large flat rock. On which RUTH and TOMMY are sitting. Chatting. Unaware of KATHY’S presence on the far side of the pond.
52) 0) text: A minibus drives through flat countryside. The bus is being driven by a man in his early sixties - KEFFERS. In the back are six Hailsham students, now aged eighteen. Among them, KATHY, RUTH and TOMMY. KATHY and TOMMY we have seen before in adult incarnation, at the start of the film. RUTH we recognise by the colour of her hair... .+. and by the way her hand is enmeshed in TOMMY’S. All are glazed by the length of the journey. Gazing out of the window, watching the largely featureles landscape slide by.
55) 0) text: In the living room are RUTH and TOMMY. They are sitting o a sofa. Ruth is leaning back into TOMMY’S arms. At the other end of the sofa is KATHY. On another sofa is CHRISSIE. Entering the room is RODNEY, CHRISSIE’S boyfriend. As he walks behind CHRISSIE, he gives her shoulder a litt squeeze. Then sits beside her, and she slips her arm into his. As a gesture, it is clingy. As a rule, whenever RODNEY and CHRISSIE are near each other, they hold each other in such a way. All of them have slightly glazed expressions - - because they are watching the TV, which is showing a generic American sitcom, circa early nineties. In the background, other inhabitants of the Cottages come and go. On the floor are empty plates of food, presumably from a dinner eaten in front of the television. CLOSE UP on the TV screen - - where a group of attractive young Americans are sitting around in a New York apartment. One of the HANDSOME BOYS shakes his head at one of the PRETTY GIRLS.
58) 0) text: The same group of people that were watching TV - KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE - are in the kitchen fixing breakfast. CHRISSIE and RUTH are cooking up some scrambled eggs, and the others are sitting at the table. Also at the table are two other young people. One reads a book, and the other eats cereal while reading the back of the cereal packet. KATHY is eating cereal too, and has an open book in front of her... -.. but is tuned-in to RUTH and CHRISSIE’S conversation.
62) 0) text: Daylight filters into what was once an old barn, and is n used as a general storage area. Judging by the dust and cobwebs, the space doesn’t get us much. KATHY enters, with the magazine. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p5l. She takes a seat... .»+. and starts to flick through the pictures. We watch KATHY scan the girls. She pauses on each image for the same amount of time, regardless of the pose of si of the photo. Her focus is their faces. KATHY is absorbed in what she is doing. And doesn’t notice at first that someone else has entered the barn, and is watching her. But she senses the presence. She tenses, and looks up. And sees TOMMY. TOMMY smiles, a little sheepishly.
62) 1) dialog: Hello, Kath.
62) 3) dialog: I didn’t know you liked that sort of stuff.
62) 5) dialog: I wasn’t trying to spy on you.
62) 7) dialog: I expect I’ve seen them all already. 74 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p52. A beat. KATHY looks up at TOMMY again - - and finds him returning her gaze with a serious expression.
62) 8) dialog: Kath - what are you looking for?
62) 10) dialog: Just for kicks.
62) 12) dialog: Kath, you don’t - (breaks off) If it’s for kicks, you don’t do it like that. You have to look at the pictures more carefully. Nothing really happens if you go that fast.
62) 14) dialog: Kath. You aren’t looking for kicks. A beat. KATHY stands abruptly, and drops the magazine into TOMMY’ hands.
64) 0) text: RODNEY is driving, with CHRISSIE in the passenger seat. KATHY, TOMMY and RUTH are in the back.
64) 3) dialog: No we haven't!
64) 5) dialog: They don’t count. RODNEY and CHRISSIE exchange a glance.
65) 0) text: KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE all sit around a table in a small seaside cafe for lunch, looking at a men A WAITRESS is taking their order. As she waits for them to make up their minds, we see the WAITRESS reacts slightly to the sight of the bracelets. Not unlike MADAME, but perhaps better repressed. A frozen quality in her gaze that betrays the inward shudder.
65) 2) dialog: Sausage, egg, and chips, please.
66) 0) text: The five of them eat their lunch. The cokes are circa 1970s bottles of cheap Corona Cola. TOMMY seems distracted by the sight of the sea and the shore line, just outside the window. They are eating in silence. Then CHRISSIE shoots a glance at RODNEY, who nods, almost imperceptibly. KATHY sees it.
66) 3) dialog: Where did you hear about this?
66) 10) dialog: To be honest, I don’t know what you're talking about. A flash of anger in RODNEY’S face.
71) 0) text: KATHY, TOMMY, RUTH, and CHRISSIE are walking down a stree in a seaside down, following RODNEY. 83 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p6o.
72) 4) dialog: It must be... With KATHY, RUTH, TOMMY, RODNEY and CHRISSIE, we watch th OFFICE WORKERS for a while. The way their mouths move. Smiling, talking. The way their eyebrows raise, or the way they shake they heads. The way they loosen their ties, or roll up their shirt sleeves. They way they drink their coffee. We are broken out of the moment by RUTH.
74) 0) text: At the end of a pier, in sight of the carpark, are KATHY, RUTH and TOMMY.
74) 3) dialog: But it was close, wasn’t it? I mean, you could see why Rod and Chrissie thought she might have been a possible.
77) 0) text: In the hallway of the main house, just past the coat rack is a featureless metal box, attached to the wall, just li the one in Hailsham. The front door opens, and RUTH walks straight in. As she passes the metal box, she swipes it with her bracelet. TOMMY and KATHY follow behind.
78) 2) dialog: Of course I don’t.
79) 2) dialog: (calmer) It’s just not like that, Ruth.
80) 1) dialog: Where are you going? KATHY turns and sees TOMMY, through the open kitchen doorway. He’s at the dining table, on which is spread out a sheet paper. He is at the early stages of a large drawing.
80) 3) dialog: ... Does that mean you want to be alone? Or can I come too? 91 92 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p65. INT. TOMMY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 91 RUTH stands at the window of TOMMY’S room, peering out of gap in the curtains... .+. watching TOMMY and KATHY walking away from the Cottages.
81) 1) text: KATHY and TOMMY walk through a large greenhouse attached the cottage complex. When TOMMY speaks, his words are deliberate. Pre-prepared This is a conversation he has internally rehearsed before now.
81) 2) dialog: Chrissie and Rod are pretty obsessed with this rumour, aren’t they?
81) 4) dialog: I was thinking that if this rumour was true, it might explain quite a lot.
81) 6) dialog: Well - the Gallery for instance. We never got to the bottom of it, what the Gallery was for. Beat.
81) 7) dialog: Pictures, poetry, sculptures. It tells you something about yourself. That’s the point about art, isn’t it? It says what’s inside you.
81) 9) dialog: Exactly. Your soul. (beat) So suppose that the rumour is true. A special arrangement has been made for Hailsham students. If they’re in love. There would have to be a way to judge if couples are telling the truth, and not just lying to put off their donations. Beat.
81) 10) dialog: Well that’s what the Gallery would be for. In the Gallery, they can find out everything about us that they need to know. So if we say we’re in love, they can look into our souls, and they’1l know if it’s real love, or just a lie. Beat.
81) 12) dialog: Is it? I don’t see why it’s stranger than any other idea.
81) 14) dialog: Yes. She did. But look what happened to her. A moment between TOMMY and KATHY. Looking at each other. Then:
81) 16) dialog: It wouldn’t work. Beat.
81) 18) dialog: You forget. You had a lot accepted into the gallery. If I applied, they wouldn’t have anything to go on.
81) 20) dialog: Nothing at all.
81) 22) dialog: I know. But why else would the guardians have wanted us to work so hard on our art and poetry?
82) 0) text: The Cottages, under a clear starry sky. INT. TOMMY’S ROOM - NIGHT RUTH and TOMMY are having sex. INT. KATHY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS KATHY can hear RUTH and TOMMY. She reaches for the Walkman, and puts it on. For a few moments she is transported.
100) 1) text: Now we are with TOMMY and KATHY... ++. aS KATHY is spun round by TOMMY’S embrace - - so that she now faces RUTH, watching through the car windscreen. RUTH face is oddly blank, almost frozen, as if she is watching people in a play.
102) 0) text: KATHY drives, with RUTH still in the passenger seat, and TOMMY in the back seat.
102) 1) dialog: I can't believe I have the two of you here. Does it feel to you like we’re back at Hailsham again? Like no time has passed?
102) 3) dialog: No, it doesn’t at all, does it! It feels really weird. (beat) But good weird! TOMMY laughs again.
102) 4) dialog: So I suppose you both heard that Hailsham was closed. From what you hear, the only schools left now are like Morningdale. Like battery farms, they say. (beat) I’m sure it’s an exaggeration. RUTH is looking out of the passenger window a little anxiously, as the narrow road gets rougher and more overgrown.
103) 0) text: KATHY stops the car. The dirt track has come to an end. KATHY and TOMMY exit the car. RUTH opens her door and peers out. Again, we see the same slight panic in RUTH that we saw when they arrived at Kingsfield and saw TOMMY. It is as if, over the intervening years, all her power and authori has gone.
103) 2) dialog: It’s okay. We’ll carry you. RUTH sees that the way ahead is blocked by a tangled barb wire fence. 122 123
103) 5) dialog: Ruth, just relax.
104) 0) text: KATHY and TOMMY carry RUTH, with one of her arms around each of their shoulders. RUTH is not paralysed - she just has very little power in her legs. But the effort for TOMMY and KATHY is considerable.
104) 3) dialog: Yes, Ruth. For God’s sake. RUTH closes her mouth, and sinks a little deeper into herself.
105) 1) dialog: (quiet) Wow.
106) 0) text: TOMMY has climbed on to the boat. Right up to the cabin. He laughs.
106) 1) text: SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ps4. Looks back at RUTH and KATHY, and waves. KATHY and RUTH are on the banks of the dune that overlook the boat. KATHY is standing. RUTH is seated. KATHY waves back to TOMMY, but RUTH doesn’t appear to see Apparently lost in her own thoughts.
107) 0) text: TOMMY and KATHY sit beside RUTH on the dune, facing the boat.
107) 1) dialog: Maybe this is what Hailsham looks like now. Beat.
107) 2) dialog: Do you ever hear, Kath. About the other students from Hailsham?
107) 4) dialog: I heard that Amanda completed on her first donation.
107) 7) dialog: There was a guy, at my centre. He always worried he wouldn't make it past his first donation. But it all turned out fine. He’s come through his third now, and he’s completely all right. (beat) It’s funny. I don’t think I'd have been a good carer. But ina way I think I’m a pretty good donor. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pss.
107) 15) dialog: (quiet) I don’t know how you can do that, Ruth.
107) 21) dialog: -+. How did you get this?
108) 0) text: A breeze whips up sand around the fishing boat. The tide is coming in, lapping around the wood. KATHY, TOMMY and RUTH have gone.
108) 2) text: - of a drawing. 126 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ps7. Many thousands of careful pen-strokes build up to depict ELEPHANT standing in tall grass. It is oddly similar to the clumsy drawing that TOMMY did a child. In fact, compositionally it is the same. But this drawing shows the opposite of clumsiness. If anything, it shows a meticulous care, bordering on obsessive. And there is something strange about the surface of the elephant. It is drawn as if it is reflective, or metallic
108) 3) dialog: What do you think? INT. KINGSFIELD/TOMMY’S WARD ROOM - NIGHT 126
108) 4) text: KATHY sits on the floor of TOMMY’S room in Kingsfield. She is surrounded by more of these intricate black and white pictures, all depicting different animals. But the one she holds is of the elephant.
108) 5) dialog: I started doing them when we were in the Cottages. After that trip to find Ruth’s possible. I realised, you see. If I was ever going to apply for a deferral, I'd need something to show them. (beat) I’ve done hundreds over the years.
108) 7) dialog: Really? I never showed anyone until now. They were my secret. (beat) Like you reading those porno magazines. KATHY looks up.
108) 9) dialog: I remember.
108) 11) dialog: No. I think she didn’t understand what you were doing. She thought you were looking at the dirty pictures in order to find out about sex. To find out what you were missing. (beat) But I knew you were looking for your original. Beat.
108) 13) dialog: You know those urges are natural, don’t you? Normal. We all had them. You know that now.
109) 1) text: Lights glow in Kingsfield. Through one of the windows, we can see TOMMY lying in his bed, and KATHY in the chair beside him, reading to him fr a book. INT. KINGSFIELD/TOMMY’S WARD ROOM - CONTINUOUS 128
109) 7) dialog: (quiet) Don’t stop. KATHY watches him for a few moments. Then she puts the book down. Stands. And gets into bed. With her eyes never leaving his face, the sheets towards TOMMY. Then she leans forwards and starts to
113) 1) text: KATHY and TOMMY walk around the Kingsfield grounds, by a swimming pool which has been filled-in with concrete.
113) 3) dialog: If we get this - she gives us the deferral - and she gives us, say, three years, just to ourselves... what do we do? Where will we go?
113) 7) dialog: We'll have to decide which of my pictures to take. We’1ll only take the best. Maybe six or seven or them.
115) 0) text: KATHY and TOMMY sit in the car - - looking at a red brick terraced house. A woman is outside the house, weeding large terra-cotta planters in the front garden. The woman is MADAME. 134 135 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pg2. EXT. MADAME’S HOUSE - DAY 134 KATHY and TOMMY approach the front gate. MADAME doesn’t appear to notice them.
115) 4) dialog: We came to talk to you. I’ve brought you some things. TOMMY lifts his bag.
115) 5) dialog: Some things you might want for your Gallery. A long beat, as MADAME gazes at them, head tilted slightl Then she nods.
115) 7) text: The inside of the house is dark, and MADAME doesn’t switc on the lights. MADAME ushers TOMMY and KATHY into the living room, then dissapears. The living room was once two rooms, with the partition wa removed, now replaced by a sliding screen. The interior is lit by what light filters through the net curtains. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p93. It reveals a Victorian living room, with period furniture and a feeling of dust and age. On one wall are two agit-prop posters, in support of the Hailsham movement. Opposite, a large watercolour of Hailsham is hung above t fireplace.
115) 8) dialog: Look. He indicates the watercolour to KATHY. They talk quietly.
115) 9) dialog: It’s Hailsham. It’s the bit around the back of the pond.
115) 11) dialog: No, the pond’s behind you. KATHY seems slightly taken aback by the irritation in TOMMY'’S voice.
115) 12) dialog: You must be able to remember. If you’re round the back, with the pond behind you...
115) 15) dialog: We’re in love. TOMMY turns to KATHY. Then back to MADAME.
115) 16) dialog: We're in love. True love. Verifiable.
115) 19) dialog: Well, we’d heard about the deferrals. And we'd worked out the purpose of the Gallery.
115) 21) dialog: To use our art from Hailsham to look into our souls, which would verify that we deserved a deferral. MADAME does not react.
115) 22) dialog: The trouble is, I was a bit mixed up in those days. I didn’t really do any art, so you never took anything. I know that’s my fault, and it’s probably much too late... He reaches down and opens his bag.
115) 23) dialog: +. but I brought some things with me now. He starts to lay the drawings out on the floor for MADAME to see. SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH pos.
115) 24) dialog: Some were done quite recently, but a lot of them are several years old, so there’s a spread. And you should have Kath’s stuff already. She got plenty into the Gallery, didn’t you, Kath?
115) 32) dialog: To apply for a deferral.
116) 0) text: KATHY and TOMMY drive in silence through countryside, bac towards Kingsfield. Shadows are long. The countryside is bathed in the last o the day’s sunlight. Fields line the road on either side. 138 139 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH p99.
116) 1) dialog: Could you stop the car? I’m sorry. I need to get out a minute. KATHY turns to TOMMY, but TOMMY is looking directly ahead his gaze fixed on an indeterminate point. KATHY slows the car, pulls over to the side of the road. They stop on a small grass verge. Without saying another word, TOMMY gets out of the car, a shuts the door behind him. Leaving KATHY in a little bubble of silence. She watches as TOMMY walks a short way down the road. Then stops, caught in the glare of the headlights. Then, just as he did as young boy, on the playing field - - he throws his head back and starts to scream at the sky Insulated from the sound, KATHY watches. Then she opens the door.
117) 0) text: KATHY walks to TOMMY. KATHY and TOMMY stand by KATHY’S car. They embrace, holding each other tightly for several moments. Eventually, FADE TO -
118) 0) text: KATHY, twelve, sits in the art room. She sees TOMMY, studiously working on his drawing. Sees RUTH, working on her own drawing. She watches them for several moments. In the afternoon sunshine. The tree tops moving in the wind outside the ar room windows. Then TOMMY looks up at KATHY and smiles. 140 141 142 SHOOTING SCRIPT 24TH MARCH ploo.