1) 0) text: Pikul and Geller spew out of the doorway and find themsel standing alone in the weedy parking lot of the church. Th church itself stands isolated on a country road just outs a town which is not much more than two gas stations and a crossroad. Pikul and Geller look around wildly. The vehicles in the parking lot are country, pickup trucks, rusted vans, 4x4s Across the road, aloof, maybe too high-class for the park lot, sits a Land Rover Defender 110, the one with the roo cage and the seven seats and the winch hanging off the front. Geller gestures towards the Defender.
6) 0) text: The Defender is parked by the pumps. A gangly pump attend - his name, embroidered on his overalls, seems to be Gas fills the truck as Pikul and Geller hover nervously.
6) 1) dialog: Anything else I can do for you?
6) 3) dialog: The what? The sparkplugs?
6) 9) dialog: 
6) 12) dialog: Allegra Geller. You changed my life.
7) 0) text: Pikul sits on a mouldy, greasy, plump, wingback chair in corner of the gas-station garage, watching Gas balance shakily on one leg as he puts on a fresh set of overalls.
7) 2) dialog: Before?
7) 4) dialog: I operated a gas station.
7) 10) dialog: Only on the most pathetic level of reality. Geller's work liberated me.
7) 12) dialog: Did you ever play her game ArtGod? One word, capital A, capital G?
7) 14) dialog: "Thou, the player of the game, art God." Very spiritual. Funny, too. God, the artist. The mechanic. (chuckles to himself) Funny. Gas zips up his fresh overalls.
7) 17) dialog: Not to worry. They way they set things up, you could fire in a bioport in a slaughterhouse and not generate an infection.
7) 19) dialog: It's a mental thing. Helps me focus. The one thing you don't want to do is miss with the stud- finder.
7) 21) dialog: 
7) 28) dialog: We call this thing a stud-finder.' It locates the spot on your spine where the x intersects with the y. We don't want to be even a micron out of whack. That's when you get troubles. It's a little radar/sonar/laser thingee. Marks you with a special range-finding dye.
7) 30) dialog: Lift up your shirt and turn around.
8) 0) text: In the heat of the summer night, game-pod case still slun over her shoulder, Geller wanders around the periphery of the gas station, touching things - trees, the ground, gra - at random, her expression suggesting that everything sh sees is amazing and delightful and slightly disturbing, l someone who has wandered into a sculpture garden where everything is perfect in every detail except that everyth is made out of bronze.
9) 0) text: Gas pulls the trigger on the stud-finder, then removes it from Pikul's back. We see a small purple flower-mark, lik the kind that marks sides of beef, on the skin over Pikul spine just above the belt line. Pikul stands up from his kneeling position on the wingback chair. He stretches, twists. Everything seems to be all right.
9) 1) dialog: See, that didn't hurt, did it?
9) 8) dialog: I've never crippled anyone yet.
9) 10) dialog: Three. Well, you'll be the third.
10) 0) text: We are close on a bizarre insect which sits unsteadily on the chrome of a gas pump handle. Geller's hand comes into frame and gently eases the creature into its palm. Geller floats her hand closer to her face and studies the creatu with an expression of rapture on her face. The insect is large, praying mantis-sized, and it has two heads, neither of which seems to know how to deal with th other one. Each time it attempts to move, it falls over i an awkward heap because its legs are all different sizes shapes. It beats its large, papery wings wildly in order pull itself upright and then begins the whole clumsy proc all over again. Eventually, its wing action lifts it off Geller's hand - more by accident than will, it seems - an the creature disappears in the darkness surrounding the g pumps.
11) 0) text: Geller enters the garage and sees Pikul with his back to wall of the service bay and a large wrench in his hand, poised and threatening. Gas stands twenty feet away, his insertion gun at the ready. A Mexican standoff.
11) 2) dialog: Hell, he's acting like I'm attackin' him. People usually pay me.to do this, you know. 11 PIKUL
11) 8) text: I love it. Great. Pikul tries to get up from the wingback chair and promptl collapses into the arms of Geller and Gas. PIKUL (PANIC-STRICKEN)
11) 9) text: What's going on? I can't walk! GAS
11) 10) text: The procedure comes with its own epidural, just like when you have a baby. Kinda like instant paralysis from the waist down? That's why it didn't hurt you. It'll wear off in about twenty minutes. As they ease Pikul into a sitting position in the chair, almost drops the insertion gun which he has been holding one hand. He leans it against the wingback chair, and Pik notices blood and flecks of skin on Gas's work gloves.     PIKUL
11) 11) text: You're looking more like a butcher than a mechanic. GAS
11) 12) text: Things do get kinda confused these days, don't they? I'm gonna go wash up. You two make yourselves at home. Gas strides off towards the washroom with an air of great satisfaction. Geller eases her game-pod out of its case a starts to attach its two-player, Y-shaped UmbyCord to it. PIKUL
11) 35) text: But why is it my fault? I'm telling you, I didn't, I did not neural-surge. I didn't. I didn't feel any surging. Gas strolls into the garage, still wearing his work glove which now hold an agricultural-looking shotgun. It is levelled at Geller. GAS
11) 36) text: It isn't your fault. It's my fault. Pikul looks at Gas in disbelief. His feet begin to writhe circles, but he still can't get out of the chair; Geller backs away from Gas, clutching her pod protectively. GELLER (QUIETLY)
11) 37) text: Oh, no, Gas, not you.     3= GAS
11) 39) text: What's going on? GAS
11) 41) text: What are you talking about? GAS
11) 43) text: But, but... she changed your life. GAS
11) 45) text: But wait... Why did you install a bad port into me? GAS
11) 46) text: Seems there's a big bonus for killing Allegra Geller's latest game, or whatever it is. I think I just did that, didn't I? Geller decides to try another tack. She stops backing awa and begins to slowly approach Gas. GELLER
11) 47) text: But can you kill a person? Can you do that, Gas? Can you kill me? Hide my body. Contact the crazies. Trust them to pay up. Hand over my now-decaying, fucking grotesque corpse. Really expect them to hand over 5 mil cash? Don't you ever go to the fuckin' movies?     GAS
11) 48) text: I like your script. I want to be in it. Gas cocks his shotgun. He's really going to do it. Except that Pikul shoots him right in the mastoid bone, just beh the ear, with the bioport insertion gun. The back of Gas' skull shatters and he goes down hard. Pikul drops the gun and launches himself out of his chair. He falls to his kn beside Gas's body. PIKUL
11) 50) text: You did distract him. (to Gas's body) Plug your toaster into that hole, corpse!
19) 4) text: (cradling her pod) My baby here has now taken three major hits, one in the church, one in the gas station, and one on the operating table. The only way I can tell if everything's OK - the game's not been contaminated, the pod's not fucked - is to play eXistenZ with somebody friendly. Are you friendly, or are you not? Pikul swallows nervously, then turns his back to Geller s that she can port in. PIKUL
29) 1) text: See there, the breeding pools. The pools are all alive with strange creatures, mutated fish, amphibians, and, along the small, muddy terraces th border the pools, reptiles. Like the dysfunctional insect the gas station, these creatures do not work very well. T float and swim belly up, lie on their sides at the bottom their pools, flop and flounder around, and in general, ostentatiously fail to function. PIKUL
30) 4) text: Come with me. He's in the back. The cashier leads them through the store towards the stockroom door. As they move amongst the customers, both Pikul and Geller feel that they are being scutinized carefully by shoppers who turn their eyes away from them the last moment, so that they can't be absolutely certain And as for us - have we glimpsed some characters from the game that we have already seen? Possibly even Wittold Lev from the first scene in the church, and Frances the limo driver, and Gas? We aren't positive.
35) 25) text: I know exactly what to do. Nourish unscrews the gas valve and ignites the torch. NOURISH
41) 0) text: We melt back up into the church, which we last saw in the first scene. But there are many differences between then now, Geller is sitting in her chair on the dais as before, her eyes just beginning to flutter open. But Pikul is sitting next to her, also playing the game. And next to him is Nourish, whom we are even more surprised to see in this context. Aad in fact, the players who are sitting in the circle of chairs on the dais are all characters who have been in th movie up to this point: Nader, the cashier, Dichter, Gas, Vinkokur, even Frances, the limo driver. The players are all emerging from a game that has just en - the movie we have been watching - and they begin to sti in their game gear, which is nothing like the organic pod technology we have just seen. On the contrary, the garners are wearing head-gear with electrodes, more like normal clunky Virtual-Reality equipment, and are linked by mundane wires. In their laps they hold, not game-pods, but sleek plastic game modules, each about the size of a walkman, with holes into Which I their left thumbs are inserted - a simpler and cruder version of the bioports we have become used to.    
41) 12) text: The twists and turns at the end made my head spin. Maybe there were too many, to fast to absorb. (to Pikul and Geller) Hey, but you two were fantastic. You guys are game divas! I think you both deserved to win. There is general agreement amongst the garners about this compliment to Pikul and Geller. The pair just smile sweet and bob their heads modestly at the smattering of applaus GAS
41) 14) text: But you were so wonderfully bad. So scary and crazy. I had a lot to do in that first scene in the church but I thought my character was kind of boring. GAS
41) 15) text: Well, you know, I'm a gas-jockey in real life, so I was kind of disappointed that I was basically the same thing in the game. A little more fantasy, there, fellers.     Y{ MERLE (NODDING SAGELY)