77) 0) text: Maurice sleeps. Suddenly, we hear the branches crack arou him. The sound gets closer, and just when we think that w have found Maurice, we see -- A HOODED FIGURE emerges from the woods. The figure looks Maurice, his breathing making fog in the cold. Alarmed, t figure rushes up and pulls down the hood to reveal -- AGATHE.   The beggar woman.
78) 0) text: Agathe, her arm around Maurice, guides him into a shelter small clearing. Gently, she lays him down and removes her cloak, spreading it over him for warmth. She pulls a bundle off her back and rifles through it, re herbs, a mortar and pestle, and expertly whips up a conco that she brings to Maurice's lips.
78) 1) dialog: Drink. He blinks, reviving, as he drinks it down.
91) 9) text: Ask Agathe! She rescued me! Before Agathe can speak -- GASTON
91) 10) text: Agathe? You'd hang your accusation on the testimony of a filthy hag?                          (to Agathe) No offense, Agathe.                                     Agathe raises an eyebrow - but says nothing. MAURICE
101) 7) text: "Belle..." "Where did she come from?" "Is that Belle..." "Look at that dress..." Gaston stares, slack-jawed, unable to believe his eyes. W linger on the jealous village lasses, the puzzled Jean, t confused LeFou, the foul-tempered Clothilde, the bewilder Pere Robert, and in the shadows... Agathe. Belle fearlessly strides right in front of the wagon. The horses jump up, startled. Belle runs to the locked door. MAURICE
120) 18) text: In the chaos, we find Agathe, moving quietly through the villagers and up the stairs. What is she up to? As villagers pour out the doors, LumiГЁre and Cogsworth m at the base of the stairs.
129) 0) text: ANGLE ON THE BELL JAR. The final rose petal drops -- just a HOODED FIGURE appears. We move up to reveal: AGATHE.
129) 4) text: Hearing these words, Agathe smiles benevolently and place her hand on the bell jar -- which explodes and releases a wave of rose petals, whirling into the air. A golden light begins to emanate from Agathe. It encircle the beast and he too begins to rise. Belle gets to her fe watching as the beast is lifted and enveloped by the swir aurora, and then buffeted gently back down to reveal --