0) 0) text: A cafeteria in a quiet airport in the provinces. Few pass A single woman in her mid-40s (JULIETTE) sits at a table. coffee. Gazes around her as if discovering something new often has an expression of eager surprise, as if seeing t people, places for the first time ever. She seems uncomfortable in the clothes she is wearing. At is an old-fashioned suitcase. A younger woman (LEA, early 30s) appears behind Juliette. a meter away. Juliette hasn’t noticed her. Clearly deeply moved, Léa qu observes her for a few seconds. Then, sensing a presence, Juliette looks round. Léa leans forward and hugs her tight before Juliette has react. Juliette is slightly taken aback. She doesn’t return the hug at first. Then awkwardly puts round Léa. 2. INT. LEA’S CAR - DAY Léa is driving. Next to her, Juliette tugs at the sleeves of her sweater.
0) 2) dialog: No.
0) 6) dialog: I don’t like flying. Léa glances at her again.
0) 7) dialog: Have you lived here long?
0) 11) dialog: Fine.
0) 14) text: Take a look round the house, if you want ! The front door thunks closed. Juliette hasn’t moved an inch. She remains motionless like that for a long Moment. 4. INT. LEA’S HOUSE - DAY MONTAGE of Juliette’s tour of the house. In the living room, she strokes a cat dozing on a chair. In a study, she runs her hand over the back of a couch. G framed photos. In the kitchen, she pours herself a glass of water. Drink leaning back against the fridge. Upstairs, Juliette opens a door. A child’s bedroom. She c door hurriedly. She opens another door. A library full of books. With a s and two chairs. Sitting in one of the chairs, an elderly reading.
0) 15) dialog: I’m sorry, I... I didn’t think anyone was home. The old man looks up without a word and smiles at her.
0) 16) dialog: I... My name’s Juliette. I’m Léa’s sister. Still not a word. Just a kindly smile.
0) 17) dialog: Like I said, I’m very sorry. Smiling, the old man goes back to his book, as if indiffe her presence. 5. EXT/INT. LEA’S HOUSE - DAY Léa closes the back door of the car. She has a two-year-o (EMELIA) in her arms. Another little girl, (CLELIS, known as Little Lili) waits sidewalk. She looks 8-9 years old. Both girls are Asian.
0) 27) dialog: Yes, I... I went into the library. There was an old man...
1) 0) text: Dinner time. The whole family is round the table: Léa, th girls, Juliette, Papy Paul - smiling dumbly - and Luc, Lé husband, also in his early-mid 30s. The two young girls are very excited. Léa makes a big effort to seem relaxed. Juliette still seems a little strange, as if everything i her. And Luc just seems a bit uptight. Luc Have you ever been to the Lorraine region before?
1) 1) dialog: No, this is the first time. Luc Everybody thinks it’s just like being in Germany, that it’s freezing cold all the time...
1) 4) dialog: Were you born here? Luc Yes, but my Dad comes from Poland. He arrived after the war. Isn’t that right, Dad? The old man merely smiles a little more insistently than
1) 9) dialog: (to Luc) Léa said you do research at the university?
1) 15) dialog: I was... away. For a very long time. Léa changes the subject. A little too quickly. She hands Juliette a dish.
1) 17) dialog: No, thanks.
1) 19) dialog: It’s very good, but...
2) 0) text: It’s total, happy, bubbly chaos in the kitchen. The girls are finishing their breakfast. Léa is a whirl o activity. Still in his pyjamas, Papy Paul slurps coffee from a bowl as_ always. Juliette observes the scene, leaning against the wall wit tea in one hand. 10
2) 6) dialog: It depends.
2) 8) dialog: Sure.
3) 16) dialog: Yes. Léa pulls out and drives in silence for a moment. Beat. Juliette shrugs.
3) 18) dialog: Okay.
3) 20) dialog: I have to sign in at regular times.
3) 22) dialog: The visitors.
3) 24) dialog: What for?
3) 27) dialog: I never received any letters.
3) 29) dialog: I meant to tell you...
3) 31) dialog: It was the social services who came up with the idea to call you just before I got out, not me.
4) 0) text: Juliette sits on a bench with an OLD LADY beside her. The old lady glances at Juliette. Smiles. Juliette smiles Beat. The old lady glances at her again.
4) 2) dialog: No. Just then, an INSPECTOR appears. Plain clothes, same age Juliette.
4) 4) dialog: Yes.
4) 7) dialog: Was. I was struck off the medical register.
4) 10) dialog: Not yet.
4) 15) dialog: Goodbye.
4) 33) dialog: It didn’t take very long.
4) 42) dialog: Goodbye.
5) 0) text: Juliette and Léa are sitting at a table with a cup of tea a plate of cakes. On the chair next to them and at their feet are shopping various stores.
5) 2) dialog: (nods) You remember Bouchard’s in Rouen?
5) 4) dialog: It was a bit like this. I used to take you there on a Wednesday after your ballet lesson.
5) 6) dialog: Fat Old Mother Stabush!
5) 8) dialog: I was at uni and I always picked you up and took you to Bouchard’s. You had a cream puff every time.
5) 10) dialog: 18 You were only seven or eight. There were always stacks of old ladies in there...
5) 12) dialog: You sat there so proud. A proper little lady with your cream cake.
5) 14) dialog: Don’t worry, you were only little. 16. INT. LITTLE LILI’S BEDROOM - EVENING The door opens. Little Lili and Juliette enter the bedroom, followed by E
5) 16) dialog: She wasn’t too bad.
5) 18) dialog: Yes.
5) 20) dialog: That’s right.
5) 24) dialog: Do you read a lot? Juliette runs her fingers along the spines of the books. over one she apparently remembers from her childhood, cal Little Ladies.
5) 26) dialog: (recoils) No.
5) 28) dialog: (snaps) No. I said no! Little Lili looks at her in amazement. Juliette scurries out of the room.
6) 0) text: Juliette is with a plump, smiling young woman ( the SOCIA They each sit on a couch facing each other across a coffe
6) 2) dialog: So I’ve been told.
6) 6) dialog: I did all the updates whenever I got the chance.
6) 8) dialog: Right.
6) 11) dialog: Yes.
6) 13) dialog: People whose role is to rummage through your life often seem sweet enough. Léa glances curiously at her sister. Puts her bag down. T 21
7) 0) text: Léa is making tea. Juliette stands close by.
7) 6) dialog: How old was Little Lili?
7) 8) dialog: You met her mother?
7) 12) dialog: Was it Luc or you who couldn’t have kids?
7) 14) dialog: Because of me? No answer.
7) 15) dialog: Because of what I did? Beat.
7) 19) dialog: That’s right.
7) 23) dialog: And Spanish.
7) 25) dialog: Fifteen years.
7) 29) dialog: Yes.
7) 32) dialog: My son. My six-year-old son. The blood seeps out of Dupuis’ face. He drops the pencil he was fiddling with and pushes back chair. Beat. He gets slowly to his feet.
8) 0) text: Juliette is in a small bar, near the window, watching eve outside and in. At the bar a GUY, who’s good-looking and knows it, talks with another guy and the waitress. Nothing of their conversation filters over, except the oc burst of laughter. Juliette glances over a couple of times, when they laugh particularly loudly. Eventually, the guy notices Juliette, and watches her whi continuing his conversation with the others. After a while, he comes over. Without asking, he takes a Juliette’s table.
8) 3) dialog: I don’t think so.
8) 5) dialog: Nothing. I wasn’t staring at you.
9) 0) text: Juliette lies pensively in bed, the sheets pulled up to h The guy comes out of the bathroom and finishes dressing.
9) 2) dialog: No. Not at all. But it’s okay. 25 The guy looks furious. He mumbles something, grabs his jacket and storms out. The camera holds on Juliette, who hasn’t moved an inch.
10) 0) text: Léa and Juliette walk side by side, chatting. The two little girls run ahead. Wide shot. Then the CAMERA is right behind them. The children are already standing at some animal cages.
10) 6) dialog: Don’t be silly. Léa doesn’t answer. They walk along in silence.
10) 7) dialog: Do you think you can erase fifteen years of your life like that? Just by not talking about it? Do you think I was asleep the whole time, like in some kind of fairy tale? Then, one morning, the good fairy Léa came to wake me up? 23. INT. LEA & LUC’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Léa is in bed, reading a book. 26 Léa sits on the edge of the bed, listening to the soccer a transistor radio.
11) 0) text: Desserts has been served. Around the table are Léa, Luc, Papy Paul, Michel, Juliett another couple - Samir and his younger, pregnant wife, Ka Through the partition doors, we see Little Lili and Emeli on the couches, fully dressed. At table, the atmosphere is upbeat with all the guests la joking happily. Sitting next to Michel, Juliette seems quite relaxed, too still a little reserved. Just like Luc, who occasionally glances apprehensively at The conversation opens 0.S., the time it takes for the ca track past the two kids into the dining room.
11) 6) dialog: Unlikely! I love football. I played a lot when I was a teenager.
11) 8) dialog: You were too small to remember.
11) 10) dialog: Except for the supporters.
11) 16) dialog: You play football together? The camera closes in on Michel and Juliette. OS, the buzz of the others’ conversation. Juliette nods.
11) 18) dialog: Why not.
11) 21) dialog: That’s right.
11) 23) dialog: Carcassonne.
11) 25) dialog: Do you come from Paris?
11) 27) dialog: Can I sit with you a while? She sits in the chair opposite him. Papy Paul goes back to his book. Beat. Juliette begins to talk. Papy Paul smiles at her.
11) 28) dialog: Where I was until recently, I always kept a few books near my pillow. I sensed their presence at night when I turned over. It reassured me. She leans forward to see the title of the book he’s readi by Nerval.
11) 29) dialog: I read and re-read that one. Not so much as a means of escape but like a dream. 26. INT. INSPECTOR’S OFFICE - DAY Juliette is sitting opposite the Inspector as in the prev scene.
11) 31) dialog: Definitely. You can’t just eat tinned food.
11) 33) dialog: They’re okay, but not every day.
11) 37) dialog: No.
12) 0) text: Juliette waits in a hallway. A door opens and students file out. Juliette ventures in. Léa stands on a raised dais, gathering her things togethe talking to a black student dressed in suit and tie.
12) 5) dialog: I wanted to talk. 32
13) 0) text: Juliette and Léa sit at a table. Silence.
13) 2) dialog: When exactly?
13) 5) dialog: Down there? That makes it sound so pretty and nice. “Down there” was a prison. She shows anger for the first time. Awkward silence.
13) 6) dialog: Do you know what a prison is? Hours and days in prison? Years in prison? The outside world leaving you behind. Life leaving you behind. Everything leaving you behind.
13) 7) dialog: (calmer) Is she still living at Beaufans?
13) 10) dialog: What did they tell other people?
13) 12) dialog: They thought that or they were told that?
13) 14) dialog: Who told them? Mum and Dad?
13) 16) dialog: And you? Léa doesn’t answer. Tears well in her eyes.
13) 18) dialog: (lighter) I slept with a guy last week.
13) 20) dialog: (smiles) I slept with a guy. Léa stops crying. Begins to laugh.
13) 22) dialog: A guy I met in a café. We got a room in a hotel. 34
13) 24) dialog: Just like that. They both burst out laughing.
14) 0) text: In a spare room, piled high with boxes, Juliette and Litt sit side by side at an old piano. Emelia sits on the floo Juliette teaches Little Lili a song (A la Claire Fontaine piano needs tuning.
14) 1) dialog: No, look! G, G, B, B, A, B, G, G, G, B, B, A, B... Try again. Little Lili plunks out the tune.
14) 2) dialog: That’s better! Spread your fingers more, like that... Good. And hit the keys harder.
14) 4) dialog: Stop! G, G, B, B, A! You have to change note.
14) 6) dialog: Of course, you will! I used to play this with your Mummy, you know.
14) 8) dialog: Sure.
14) 10) dialog: She used to be very good. This tune was one of our favourites.
14) 13) dialog: No, she won’t. Don’t worry.
15) 0) text: A WOMAN sits behind a desk. Juliette sits opposite her. The Woman finishes reading a file and closes it.
16) 0) text: Reclining on the couch, with books and notes all around h prepares a lecture. Luc enters with a mug of tea and puts it on the coffee ta Léa thanks him without looking up. Luc goes over to the window. Outside, Juliette walks in t Little Lili is also out there, running all over the place Juliette doesn’t pay her any attention. Luc You wouldn’t guess, looking at her.
17) 0) text: A big, oval swimming pool. Juliette and Léa float next to each other, arms and legs outstretched.
17) 1) dialog: What did you want to do?
17) 10) dialog: Does he ever get anywhere?
18) 9) dialog: No, thanks.
19) 8) dialog: Upstairs. They’re asleep. We had dinner early and they were tired, SO... Before she can finish, Luc dashes upstairs. Juliette is stunned. Léa arrives.
19) 9) dialog: You’re back already? What’s wrong with Luc? Léa looks awkwardly at her sister.
20) 0) text: Juliette strolls through the empty museum. She stops in her tracks when she comes to a large ultra - painting of a woman in mourning about to throw herself in at the bottom of which lies a coffin. Other women hold her back. Men in dark suits and top hats stand in the background.
20) 2) dialog: You startled me.
20) 4) dialog: Who painted it?
21) 0) text: Juliette and Michel are having lunch.
21) 2) dialog: Do you have that killer instinct?
21) 4) dialog: I don’t know you well enough.
21) 8) dialog: Yes, I had an interview for a secretary’s job at the hospital.
21) 10) dialog: Yes. I mean, no. It’s complicated.
21) 12) dialog: To the girl in the museum!
21) 16) dialog: No, I’d rather not. I’11 wait here for you. Léa grabs a bouquet of flowers off the backseat.
22) 0) text: Juliette enters. Glances round the café. The Inspector gets up and waves to her. Juliette goes over. They sit down.
22) 2) dialog: No, I like cafés. It’s one of the things I missed most when I was in prison. The noise, the atmosphere, the smoke and the buzz of conversations. The Inspector notices she has wet hair.
22) 4) dialog: No, I’ve been swimming.
22) 6) dialog: Yes, the first time we met.
22) 8) dialog: You’ve seen it for real?
22) 10) dialog: Sorry?
22) 12) dialog: Thanks.
23) 0) text: The family dinner is over. Papy Paul leaves the table. Juliette begins washing up. Little Lili is finishing her dessert. Léa isn’t there. Luc Lili, when you finish, brush your teeth and straight to bed. Don’t wake your sister.
23) 4) dialog: Not a word. Beat.
23) 5) dialog: Don’t worry, Luc, I won’t bother you much longer. I’11 find something else. Luc (feebly) I never meant for you to think -
23) 7) dialog: “The old man smiled and for a Moment, it seemed to Baji that his host was a boy of his own age, or a young girl, or an infant. In the sky, the silver stars twinkled and the moon rose, as full as a woman’s tummy...” Juliette realizes that Little Lili is asleep. She quietly closes the book. And gazes at the child. Impassively. Eerily. Eventually, she leans forward and kisses Little Lili with emotion for the first time. 46 In the doorway, Léa watches. Juliette turns round and sees her. Léa smiles at her sister. 44, EXT. OUTSIDE LEA’S HOUSE - DAY Luc loads up the car. The kids are already strapped in th backseat. Léa brings out sleeping bags, food and plates. Juliette helps them. They all seem excited to be going away.
23) 9) dialog: Right, thanks.
24) 0) text: Juliette comes downstairs with a sweater in one hand. Before leaving, she stops by Papy Paul’s room. He is sitting in a chair, reading as ever.
24) 1) dialog: Will you be okay? You have everything you need? (beat ) We’1l be back tomorrow. Goodbye!
26) 10) text: Juliette doesn’t think anything. Juliette watches and judges. But who is Juliette? A woman of mystery. A sprite, a goblin... Having been hidden from us all this time, Juliette - Luc Cut it out! You’re a pain in the ass. Go get some fresh air Gerard raps his knife against his glass.
26) 27) dialog: (deadpan) I was in prison. Fifteen years. I killed my son. Suddenly, Gerard bursts out laughing. Everybody else joins in, except Léa, Luc and Michel.
27) 0) text: Juliette stands by the lake. It’s a very dark night. 0.S., laughter filters from the farmhouse. Then, footsteps. Michel draws level with Juliette. Puts a hand on her shou She shrugs it off.
27) 4) dialog: Yes. Thanks for the ride. They gaze at each other. Michel reaches out to caress her cheek.
27) 5) dialog: Don’t... Please... I’m still... a long way away. She gets out of the car.
30) 0) text: Juliette follows the woman who interviewed her for the jo She introduces Juliette to a couple of other secretaries, away at their computers. They come to an empty desk.
30) 4) dialog: A la claire fontaine m’en allant promener J’ai trouvé l’eau si claire Que je m’y suis baignée.. (At the fountain as I was walking by The water was so clear That I want for a swim...) Léa joins in.
30) 5) dialog: Il y a longtemps que je t’aime jamais je ne t’oublierai.. (I’ve loved you so long I can never forget you...) J’ai trouvé l’eau si claire Que je m’y suis baignée.. A la feuille d’un chéne Je me suis essuyée (The water was so clear That I want for a swim I found an oak leaf to use to dry myself) Il y a longtemps que je t’aime jamais je ne t’oublierai.. (I’ve loved you so long I can never forget you...) 54 Lalala lalala lalalalalala Lalala lalalala Lalala lalala lalalalalala.. The children applaud. Papy Paul looks delighted. The girls hug their mother and kiss her. Léa and Juliette glance at each other, deeply moved. Juliette runs her hand down Léa’s arm.
31) 0) text: A headset in her ears, Juliette types up a report. Three young male DOCTORS walk over. One of them lobs a tape onto Juliette’s desk.
31) 2) dialog: Sorry?
31) 4) dialog: The report I’m typing is urgent, as well.
31) 6) dialog: Fine. They walk away.
32) 0) text: The Inspector and Juliette sit at a table.
32) 2) dialog: At college.
32) 4) dialog: No, he dropped out after two years. He got a job supervising a team of health visitors.
32) 6) dialog: At the trial. He testified against me.
32) 8) dialog: Fine.
32) 10) dialog: No...
33) 0) text: Juliette sits with Emelia on her lap, flicking through a book, pointing to a picture and saying the word out loud times. Emelia tries to repeat the words. Suddenly, there’s a loud crash upstairs, followed by scre 59. INT. LEA & LUC’S BEDROOM - EVENING Luc writhes in pain on the floor, clutching his shoulder. Nearby, scattered tools and a stepladder lying on its sid
33) 3) dialog: Where does it hurt? Luc My shoulder. Juliette begins examining him. Papy Paul peeks in.
33) 5) dialog: It’s okay. Dislocated, that’s all. I’1l put it back. It’1l hurt but once it’s in, that’s it. Juliette manipulates his shoulder with great assurance. Little Lili watches, wide-eyed. Luc Ouch!
33) 7) text: Feel better? Luc flexes his shoulder. Luc Yes... Yes... lots. Thanks, Juliette. Papy Paul ducks out of the room.
33) 10) dialog: On TV! You learn all kinds of useful things watching TV!
34) 0) text: Juliette and Léa hold onto the side, kicking their legs.
34) 2) dialog: Has he always been single?
34) 7) dialog: You forgot me all those years, didn’t you? Léa gazes intensely at her sister. 61. INT. LEA’S HOME OFFICE - DAY Léa places a heavy box on the desk, under Juliette’s nose
35) 0) text: Juliette sits at her computer. The phone rings. She picks up.
35) 1) dialog: Yes... Good morning, sir... Yes... I’1l be right there. 63. INT. DIRECTOR’S OFFICE - DAY 59 The DIRECTOR stands glancing out the window, as if to av Juliette’s eyes. She sits facing him. On his desk, framed photos of his wife, four children, th two horses...
35) 3) dialog: Does that mean I’m out of a job?
35) 5) dialog: What do you understand? The Director has no answer. 64. Léa Léa She Léa and Léa INT. EMELIA & LITTLE LILI’S ROOMS - NIGHT tucks Emelia in. She is already asleep. kisses her, turns on a nightlight and slips out. goes into Little Lili’s room and finds her daughter readi
36) 0) text: Juliette and Michel come out of a cinema. They walk along in
36) 2) dialog: It’s a warm night. Let’s walk. silence, apparently happy together, here, now.
36) 3) dialog: For two years, the only walking I got to do was in a tiny triangular courtyard with big, high walls... I counted my steps, every step I took. And kept on counting later when I was at Centrale. The guards called me The Walker. But the other inmates called me Nobody. Michel looks quizzically.
36) 4) dialog: Short for Nobody’s Home.
36) 6) dialog: Do you see the world through books you’ve read?
37) 6) dialog: No, it’d be a pleasure.
37) 17) dialog: May I? Papy Paul smiles at her. Juliette sits opposite him and smiles back. Clearly, she finds his presence soothing. 64 Papy Paul goes back to his book. Juliette sits, saying nothing. From time to time, he looks up and smiles at her. 0.S., a key in the front door. Juliette gets up and says goodnight. In the hall, Léa is home. The two sisters talk in whispers.
37) 19) dialog: Like logs.
37) 21) dialog: Not yet.
38) 0) text: Juliette and Léa walk down a hallway, past old folks in b towelling robes. Léa carries a bouquet of flowers. They reach a door. Léa knocks and enters. Juliette hovers on the threshold. In the room, their MOTHER spins round when she hears the
39) 2) dialog: Michel? Hi, it’s Juliette.
39) 4) dialog: Fine. I’m in town. I thought maybe we could meet up?
39) 8) dialog: (colder) Okay. Sorry to bother you. Goodbye.
40) 0) text: A fairly cramped space. Juliette stands at the bar, a gla wine in front of her. Sips at it. Lined up at the bar, other customers sip their beer or Ri much the same way, lost in their drink or their thoughts. Nobody talks. Nobody pays any attention to anyone else. In the background, the radio plays. The Bar Owner does his accounts. A banal, but odd glimpse of daily human existence. 72. EXT/INT. LEA’S HOUSE - NIGHT Juliette pushes the gate open and walks up to the house. Inside the house, silence. No lights are on.
40) 1) dialog: Hello? Anyone home? She knocks on Papy Paul’s door. No answer. She glances in: his chair is empty. Back in the hallway, Juliette calls out again. No answer. She heads into the living room. Léa, Luc, the girls, Papy Paul, Samir, his (very pregnant Michel leap up and start singing.
40) 3) dialog: The worst thing, maybe, was the end, the last few weeks before it was over and after they told me I was being released. I started having nightmares. Always the same one, in fact. I had my case packed. I stepped outside and found myself in the middle of nowhere. There was nothing and nobody there. Just emptiness. One day, they told me I had a visitor. I thought it was a mistake. It was the first time ever. There was a young woman waiting to see me. She smiled. It was Léa. I listened to her without saying a word. She promised she’d come again. That night, I promised myself I’d refuse to see her. She belonged to a part of my life that had died. Then just before I went to sleep, I thought back to when she was little. Lala, we used to call her. The gaps in her teeth, her smile, her fringe that would never stay in the same place... And her hand in mine. It was that little girl that made me decide to come back.
41) 0) text: Léa and Juliette stand side by side, drying their hair in mirror.
41) 3) dialog: And now? Beat. They go back to drying their hair.
41) 5) dialog: I went back once more after that. Léa glances quizzically at her sister, but a bunch of wom noisily by, 0.S., stop her pressing the issue. The women’s voices and laughter eventually fade.
41) 7) dialog: Fifteen years ago, it was still standing. Léa is intrigued now.
41) 8) dialog: I took Pierre there. Léa gazes at Juliette’s reflection, but doesn’t dare ask. 75. INT. LEA’S HOUSE - EVENING Little Lili watches admiringly as Juliette does her make room. Léa peeks round the door. She looks a million dollars. They all go downstairs where Luc has Emelia in his arms.
41) 10) dialog: Do you think so? She picks up two pairs of earrings.
41) 11) dialog: These ones or these ones?
41) 14) dialog: Absolutely!
41) 16) dialog: Of course. I’1l teach you if you want.
42) 0) text: 71 Juliette and Léa are caught in the throng in the club en Chatter. Laughter. Throbbing music. Léa can’t stop grinning as they shuffle towards the dance Behind her, as the music gets louder, Juliette looks incr uncomfortable. Léa doesn’t notice a thing. The camera closes in on her. After a few seconds, she glances round. Juliette has disappeared.
43) 0) text: Léa rushes out of the club, calling out Juliette’s name. Finally, she hears sobbing coming from around a corner. Juliette is squatting on the ground, crying her eyes out. Léa hunkers down and takes her in her arms. Juliette clings to Léa like a life buoy.
44) 0) text: Léa drives. Juliette sits in a ball in the passenger seat. Haggard, t streaked cheeks. Léa eventually breaks the silence.
45) 0) text: Juliette sits on the same bench in the waiting room as in previous scene. Two people sit nearby. A YOUNG INSPECTOR arrives.
45) 2) dialog: Yes. 72
45) 3) text: Follow me. She follows him down the hallway. He doesn’t say a word. He shows her into the same office as before. But it doesn’t look the same. The Orinoco poster has been replaced by an official Natio Force poster. The young Inspector sits at the desk and opens a file. Juliette hesitates and decides to stay standing. He talks without taking his eyes off the file.
45) 5) dialog: (brightly) So he finally did it? He went to see the Orinoco? The Inspector tears his eyes from the file and stares at as if she’s totally nuts.
45) 9) dialog: Forget it. Juliette heads up the path to the house. Léa gazes at her blankly. 73 81. INT, JULIETTE’S BEDROOM - DAY Juliette lies on her bed, clasping a photo and a sheet of her chest.
46) 0) text: Juliette is hard at work.
46) 2) dialog: Thanks... I’11 be right there. 83. EXT. GARDEN, LEA’S HOUSE - DAY On a table in the garden, Léa, Juliette and the two girls making acacia blossom fritters. They all seem in good spirits. Papy Paul reclines in a deck chair, reading and smiling.
46) 3) dialog: No, Little Lili, not like that! That’s too much sugar. Two spoonfuls is enough, I said!
46) 6) dialog: That’s perfect. Now, pour in the milk.
46) 8) dialog: Sure, and if we don’t, we can pick some more. Luc arrives home from work. Luc (surprised) Good grief, it’s a party! (kisses Léa) What are we celebrating? Juliette and Léa glance at each other and smile. 74
46) 10) dialog: The hospital has given me a full-time contract. Luc Wow, that’s great! That calls for a drink!
47) 0) text: An apron tied round her waist, Juliette puts the last fri the serving dish that Little Lili is ready to take out. 0.S., laughter and banter from the garden.
47) 1) dialog: Careful you don’t burn yourself. And don’t drop it either. Little Lili walks out as if the platter were a royal crow Juliette watches her affectionately. Wipes her hands. Léa arrives. The sisters glance at each other with love and great affe Juliette opens her mouth to speak but bites her tongue.
47) 3) dialog: Thank you.
48) 0) text: Juliette wanders round the museum, tightly framed by the We see her face in close-up, with a blur of paintings beh she looks round. 75 She stops at a painting of the Annunciation. The camera closes in on the face of the Angel Gabriel tel the good news. Juliette seems to be in key with the painting.
48) 2) dialog: Coming! She is about to tuck the photo out of sight again, but th twice. She gazes at the cupboard, frowns, then turns round and g the photo and sheet of paper down on the bed, in full vie At the door, Juliette glances round at the bed and heaves relief, as if a huge weight has been lifted from her shou
50) 0) text: From the outside looking in, we see Juliette sitting in t She looks out. Watches people passing by. She seems at peace with herself.
51) 0) text: Little Lili and Juliette play the piano and sing happily.
51) 1) dialog: Sur la plus haute branche Le rossignol chantait Chante, rossignol, chante Toi, tu as le ceur gai (On the highest branch A nightingale sang Sing, nightingale, sing Your heart is full of joy) Juliette gets up.
51) 2) dialog: I have to go.
51) 4) text: Mummy! Can you come and play with me? Juliette joins Léa, who is tidying away clothes in Little dresser.
51) 5) dialog: Is something wrong?
51) 7) dialog: Are you sure? Léa stops what she’s doing and gazes at her sister. 0.S., Little Lili keeps playing. 91. INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE - DAY In a white coat, stethoscope round his neck, Samir sits r scanned document. Léa sits anxiously opposite him. Beat. Samir looks up and frowns.
52) 0) text: Juliette waits outside an apartment building. Léa runs to meet her. They kiss on the cheeks.
52) 2) dialog: The woman from the agency gave me the keys. She’11 meet us there.
53) 0) text: Juliette and Léa look round a charming old apartment. From separate rooms, they talk without being able to see other.
53) 1) dialog: Well?
53) 3) dialog: What do you think? 80
53) 5) dialog: You don’t sound convinced.
53) 8) dialog: You’ve been acting strange for the last couple of days. What’s wrong? They look straight at each other. Léa is about to say something, when the front door opens.
53) 10) dialog: Yes! 94, INT. LEA’S OFFICE, FACULTY BLDG - DAY Léa sits at her desk facing Bamakalé, elegantly dressed a Léa seems weary and bored by his story.
53) 17) dialog: I knew as soon as the first symptoms appeared. I hardly even read the results of the tests. Pierrot grabbed the letter and started writing a poem on it. When he gave it back, he was beaming with pride. My little boy... (beat ) I saw him looking at me, so happy, so beautiful. He was my Pierrot. Then, I pictured the little corpse he was going to become.
54) 2) dialog: I could picture him at every stage of the disease. I knew exactly how it would develop. The worst thing was that I knew he wouldn’t just fall asleep and never wake up, like ina kiddies’ story. Soon, he wouldn’t be 82 able to move. He would suffer and gradually the life would be squeezed out of him. And there was no cure. Nothing to relieve his suffering. (beat ) I went away with him. People said I abducted him. I suppose I did. I ran away with him. I fled with him and I fed him and I showed him all the places I loved best... Saint - Hippolyte, Beaulian, the Palioure coast... I had to increase the dose of painkillers almost every day. He was so brave. He used to say to me, “I’m your little husband...” (beat ) One evening, we had a little party, just the two of us. It was in the Green House. We sang, we laughed and I read him all his favourite stories. Then, I put him to bed. I told him I loved him, that he was running a fever and I had to give him a jab. He gave me a hug and held me as tight as his little arms could. He recited his poem and I held him in my arms until morning. (beat ) Afterwards, nothing seemed important anymore.
54) 4) dialog: I felt so alone. So alone. Anyway, there was nothing to say. Trying to explain it would be trying to excuse it. Death has no excuses. One way or another, I was guilty. I had brought a child into the world only to sentence him to death. (beat ) You know, the most horrible prison... The worst prison is the death of your child. There is never any release from that prison. Léa holds Juliette in her arms. Juliette clings to her sister. Léa gives her a kiss.
54) 10) dialog: I’m here! 84