2) 0) text: THE CAMERA PANS THE EXPRESSIONLESS FACES of the REVIEW BO as CASANOVA FRANKENSTEIN sits across from them.  Dressed an immaculately tailored prison smock (with "Casanova"  exquisitely embroidered above the pocket), he sits contri as DOCTOR EMMET BIERCE, the hospital's fatherly Chief of  Psychiatry, presents his case.
2) 2) text: CASANOVA, the picture of remorse and repentance.
2) 6) text: ON DOCTOR ANABEL LEEK, the hospital's icily beautiful, ul cool, top shrink. A moment later Casanova addresses them... His manner is  charming, sincere, his voice soft, filled with emotion. is a master of seduction.
2) 7) dialog: Twenty years ago I was a lost soul.  Loveless... (with a son-like glance  at Doctor Bierce) Fatherless... (chokes on the word) A... psycho! (breaks down sobbing) Oh!  How could I have done it? The  murder... the mayhem... all of those  lovely young girls! (weeping, a brilliant  performance) I'm sorry! I'm SO SO SORRY!
2) 8) text: Doctor Bierce wipes the tears from his eyes. Reactions fr the board, moved, as Casanova weeps convulsively.  Doctor Leek shows no reaction.
2) 9) dialog: (pulls himself together) But my deeds have been done, and my  youth is gone, and we can only go  forward in this cruel world... and  if I have learned anything from my  wretched life it is that... When you  walk through a storm, keep your head  held high... (singing) And don't be afraid of the dark...
3) 0) text: Casanova and Anabel drive off. The massive old hospital i seen through the rear window behind them, as Casanova cal looks at his watch...
3) 3) dialog: (almost wistfully) Boom.
3) 5) dialog: Those gas leaks can be murder.
4) 2) dialog: I'm home.
14) 0) text: Captain Amazing abandons his jet pack and moves across th old slate roof like Spiderman, leaping nimbly from gable gable and walking along a high ridge like a tight rope wa Finally he approaches a skylight, looks down and sees... A huge old library with an iron catwalk running around it Casanova Frankenstein sits in a club chair by a roaring f Anabel perches on the arm of his chair. In the other chai sits a once good looking, now paunchy guy, with a meticul coifed haircut. He is TONY POMPADOUR, head of the infamou Disco Boys.
15) 0) text: Casanova and Tony P savor glasses of brandy and puff on b cigars.
15) 1) dialog: I hope you enjoy these cigars. I had  to kill a dozen Cubans to get them.
15) 3) dialog: Have you considered my offer?
15) 5) text: Casanova accepts this graciously.
15) 7) dialog: I got it.
15) 10) text: Casanova and Tony P look up and see Captain Amazing, pose noncalantly on the iron catwalk, gazing down at them. Ton jumps out of his chair, scared. But Casanova just smiles his ancient rival, cool as a cucumber.
15) 11) dialog: I knew you'd come. I left that  skylight open for you.
15) 13) dialog: I knew you'd know.
15) 15) dialog: But did you know I knew you'd know  I'd know?
15) 21) dialog: Really?
15) 27) dialog: I guess you know just about  everything, don't you, Lance?
15) 29) dialog: Except for one little thing.
15) 31) dialog: That I've hot wired the city's entire  power supply through that catwalk.
15) 33) text: Casanova suddenly throws a secret breaker switch, and the ugly hum of a million volts instantly fills the room...
23) 6) dialog: Well, Don, I've done some terrible  things in my life, but now I'm cured,  and I just want to give back something  to my old home town... That's why  I'm using what's left of my fortune  to build...
23) 8) dialog: The Frankenstein Center for the Arts.
23) 10) dialog: Oh yes.
25) 0) text: Casanova and Dr. Anabel Leek are preparing for bed. Anabe sits in front of a huge mirror, brushing her long hair as Casanova moves up behind her and puts his hands around he throat, massaging, squeezing, just barely resisting the  temptation to strangle her. (She loves it).
25) 1) dialog: Everything's going exactly as we  planned.
25) 3) dialog: It must have slipped my mind.
25) 5) dialog: Don't worry, Pootchkie. My womanizing  days are over. You're my Lady Macbeth,  my Imelda... my Nicole. (pulls her into his  arms) We're such an incredible team. Who  could possibly stop us? (kisses her)
26) 17) text: The Disco Boys attack. The Raja is instantly clubbed down The Shoveler deflects only a blow or two with his shovel  before he goes down, too... These guys are not the Red Ey Only Furious holds his own. He grabs a pipe away from one them and swings fiercely, keeping the others off. Suddenl the Disco Boys pull back. Furious doesn't know why, until turns and sees... Casanova, standing right behind him, smiling.
26) 18) dialog: Hi there.
26) 19) text: With a cat-like move Casanova slashes his gold chain vici and repeatedly -- across Furious' face. Furious, stunned  with pain, lunges at Casanova, who neatly steps aside, th catches him with a fast combination of spinning disco kic Finally he lassos the chain around Furious' neck, and pul it tight, strangling him. ON THE DISCO BOYS, watching, snapping their fingers with  admiration... Casanova releases Furious, who slumps to the ground. Casa steps away, and the Disco Boys gather around Furious and  kick him viciously... as Casanova and Tony P watch, amuse chuckling.
26) 20) dialog: Superheroes.
26) 22) dialog: (completely disdainful) Why bother?
38) 11) dialog: Nice car.
38) 12) text: The D Boys laugh. Furious stares at Casanova, and Casanov stares right back at him, as cool as a snake.
38) 14) dialog: Captain who?
38) 29) text: And our heroes streak off into the night... Casanova and others stagger out of the demolished limo, sucking in the clean air.
38) 30) dialog: (impressed by Furious) That boy's got talent.
49) 3) text: Casanova and Anabel sit in the front of the truck.
52) 0) text: The convoy has pulled up alongside a rusty old freighter, docked at the pier. Casanova's men throw the gate of the truck open, and the  CAMERA MOVES IN. No one is there, but we notice... two la lumps under the packing blankets. Casanova holds Anabel in his arms as they watch a large w crate being lowered from the deck of the freighter.
52) 1) dialog: Honey, our ship's come in.
52) 2) text: Casanova's cellular phone rings.
52) 6) dialog: (gets an idea) Wait. I'll be right there. (hangs up, starts off)
52) 8) dialog: Head hunting.
52) 9) text: A minute later Casanova and two or three Disco Boys drive off in one of the sedans... as the crate is loaded onto t truck, and the gate is pulled closed... and locked.
53) 8) text: In the shadows behind them... Casanova follows, stalking  them, as silent as a vampire.
53) 18) text: Monica, smiling, looking lovely. CLOSE 0N CASANOVA; he wants her...
53) 29) text: She turns and climbs the stairs of an old apartment build and goes inside, as Furious watches, feeling emotions he' not used to. He really likes her. He starts walking back  down the street, past a man sitting on the stoop. The man looks up. It's Casanova Frankenstein.
53) 30) dialog: Going my way?
53) 32) dialog: Take it easy -- take it easy. I just  want to have a little chat... That  was quite a number you did on my  car. You've got a lot of violence in  you... and I like that in a guy.
53) 34) dialog: You know what the difference is  between good and evil, Roy?
53) 35) text: Furious reacts to the fact that Casanova knows his real n
53) 36) dialog: Evil is more fun. When you want  something, you just take it, and if  somebody gets in your way, you kill  them... You seem like a very  frustrated guy, Roy. Unhappy.  Unfulfilled. What is it that you've  always wanted, always desired? Because  whatever it is, I can give it to  you... Fame? (snaps his fingers) Easy. Fortune? Even easier. Women? (laughs) The easiest of all.
53) 38) dialog: I'll let you in on a little secret,  Roy. In two days this entire city  will belong to me, and there's not a  damn thing your little pals can do  about it. It's the perfect time to  switch teams... So what do you say?
53) 40) dialog: (flairs) They always call the great ones nuts.
53) 42) dialog: (his psychosis showing) Are you with me... or against me?
53) 44) dialog: Too bad. PLUG HIM!
53) 45) text: Gunfire rings out from the alley as the Disco Bays step o their pistols blazing. But Furious has anticipated them. leaps right at Casanova, pins his arms in a bear hug and  holds him in the line of fire.
53) 46) dialog: WAIT!
53) 47) text: The Disco Boys stop firing... Furious drags Casanova back into an empty lot, using him as a shield.
53) 49) dialog: You're dead.
53) 51) text: Furious releases Casanova, then runs for it and leaps ove the wooden wall at the end of the lot... as the Disco Boy open fire again, and their bullets punch holes through th wall... Furious runs down a back street and escapes into the nigh
54) 0) text: The convoy drives up the hill toward an ominous looking  structure (that we recognize from the model on the TV  interview with Casanova earlier.) A high central tower rises up out of the half completed  bulwarks of featureless concrete. It looks both totally m and completely ancient, but a profound sense of evil conn both themes beautifully. ANGLE ON A PLAQUE THAT READS... "Frankenstein Center for the Performing and Non-performin Arts". The gates of the center open, and the convoy passes throu
58) 0) text: as our heroes step inside and see... A big luncheon is in progress. Casanova, Anabel, and Tony P sit at the head ta The room is lined with banquet tables, which are filled w VICIOUS LOOKING CHARACTERS, drunk, eating, laughing, and  giving the waitresses a very rough tim..
58) 12) text: A more degenerate group of criminals never sat down to lu Furious recognizes one of the waitresses... It's Monica. Casanova's got his eye on her, too, and he remembers her  from the night before on the street with Furious. ON ANABEL, noticing his interest. Our heroes see Monica walking straight toward them. They  turn away, lean against a wail, trying to be totally  inconspicuous... But as she passes them, not noticing them... Casanova  approaches her.
58) 13) dialog: Excuse me.
58) 15) dialog: (reading her name tag) Monica... Beautiful name. It suits  you.
58) 17) dialog: I hope you won't take this the wrong  way, but I couldn't help but notice...  that you're a dead ringer for Veronica  Lake in "The Blue Dahlia".
58) 20) dialog: Are you an actress?
58) 22) dialog: You underestimate yourself.
58) 24) dialog: You know I'm writing a play -- it's  just a little Broadway thing, but  there's a part in it that I think  you'd be perfect for.
58) 26) dialog: I'd love to hear you read it. Could  you stick around after the luncheon?
58) 28) dialog: Terrific.
58) 29) text: She turns and walks into the kitchen. CLOSE ON CASANOVA, watching her; his intentions are  sinister... He turns and sees... our heroes, hanging by t wall.
58) 30) dialog: What are you three doing here? This  is invited guests only. Out.
58) 43) text: The waitresses leave; the big doors to the dining room ar swung closed, and the cigars are lit. The meeting has beg Casanova takes the podium.
58) 44) dialog: Thank you all for coming. I hope you  enjoy the cigars. I had to kill a  dozen Cubans to get them.
58) 46) dialog: Twenty years ago, this town was yours!   AND I WAS YOUR KING!
58) 48) dialog: (tragically) But they called me a psycho, and  they put me away. For twenty years I  rotted in my cell, painting  watercolors, writing haikus -- just  waiting for the day I could take my  revenge. Well, brothers, that day  has come!
58) 51) dialog: They thought I was crazy? Well the  joke's on them -- because tonight at  precisely midnight -- on the twentieth  anniversary of my tragic arrest --  every man, woman, and child in this  city is going to turn into a RAVING  PSYCHOTIC! Mothers will murder their  tots! Old ladies will strangle their  cats! Children will bump off their  babysitters!
58) 52) text: The guests think Casanova's completely lost it. Italian I speaks up.
58) 54) dialog: I beg your pardon?
58) 56) dialog: Tell you what, Ice. I'll make you a  friendly little wager. It I can't do  it... you can blow my brains out. If  I can, I'll blow out yours.
58) 59) dialog: (to Anabel, with a  smile) Honey, give the boys a taste.
58) 60) text: Anabel puts on a pair of heavy duty sound deadening ear  protectors, then presses a button on a small remote contr device. ANGLE ON A SPEAKER, placed above the podium... as the air suddenly filled with a weird, stridulating, HORRIFIC NOIS (somewhere between the sound of a fire siren and a hornet trapped in your ear) and everyone in the room (except Ana goes COMPLETELY BERSERK... CAMERA PANS the tables as the guests laugh dementedly,  punching, gouging, strangling, and stabbing each other... Under the serving table our heroes go crazy... Casanova, in a state of psychotic ecstasy, whips out his  pistol and empties it into Italian Ice... who drops to th floor, dead. Anabel presses the button again; the sound winds down and stops, and everything returns to normal. The entire event lasted only a few seconds, but the guests are dazzled.
58) 62) text: Casanova throws Anabel a kiss.
58) 63) dialog: Tonight, at midnight, that sound  will be amplified across this entire  city. Murder and mayhem will reign  supreme! And Champion City will be  ours again! This will be our castle!  And I will be our king! And there's  no one to stop us!
58) 66) text: A pair of curtains suddenly part... and Captain Amazing  (looking a bit singed) is standing there in classic super pose. CAMERA PANS the crooks, as their criminal ecstasy turns  instantly to terror. They yank out their pistols, dive fo cover under the table, throw up their hands in surrender, etc... But Casanova just grins.
58) 67) dialog: Don't worry, fellas... (moves to Captain  Amazing, and puts  his arm chummily  around him) I killed him... and I've had him  stuffed.
58) 74) text: The crooks fire their pistols exuberantly into the air, a disco music fills the air and Casanova dances, basking in their adoration... And our heroes slip out from under the table and make goo their escape...
59) 9) text: CLOSE ON A PHOTO of Anabel and Casanova, announcing their wedding engagement.
71) 8) dialog: I thought you'd chickened out on me.
71) 12) dialog: Why not?
72) 0) text: as Casanova leads Monica across an open courtyard toward. the sheer walls of the imposing central tower.
72) 1) dialog: Big, isn't it?
72) 4) dialog: Don't worry. It's not activated.
73) 2) dialog: Me.
75) 0) text: Casanova leads Monica into... a palatial room, filled wit priceless objects d'art, all of which reflect Casanova's  dark psyche. A Munch painting. Mayan idols. Weird German  furniture. A huge glass chandelier hovers over the room. massive bronze sculpture of a wolf (done in the same styl as the other sculptures) is perched in the balcony. It se to be howling out over the city which is seen in a specta view, spread out alonq the lakeshore below.
75) 1) dialog: This is where I come to... be alone.
75) 4) text: She moves out onto the balcony... as Casanova slips the g chain from around his neck and follows her.
77) 0) text: gazing out onto the city, as she senses Casanova slinking behind her.
77) 10) dialog: Come here.
77) 12) dialog: Then why are you here?
77) 14) dialog: (with a smile) Remember the cat.
77) 15) text: Suddenly, he hears high heels in the hall. A key is put i the lock -- Casanova leaps off the bed, grabs Monica and  roughly shoves her into the closet. He leaps back onto th bed, just as the door opens, and Anabel, dressed in a lab coat (and wearing high heels) enters. Casanova is complet relaxed, nonchalant.
77) 17) dialog: Fantasizing... about you.
77) 19) dialog: I thought you were done?
77) 36) dialog: I'll be down in a jiffy.
77) 37) text: She goes out. Casanova listens as the sound of high heels fades away, then he goes to the closet and lets Monica ou
77) 39) dialog: You're a spy.
77) 41) dialog: I saw him walk you home.
77) 43) dialog: Roy.
77) 45) dialog: Don't be afraid... I never hit a  lady...
77) 46) text: He lets the gold chain drop loose in his hand, then start coming for her, a sadistic grin on his face. This is the  real Casanova. Monica pulls back, then reaches into her purse and takes A CANNED TORNADO, which she holds out threateningly.
77) 48) dialog: Or you'll what? CAN ME?
77) 49) text: He laughs dementedly as Monica pops open the can and A  SWIRLING FUNNEL OF AIR SHOOTS OUT OF IT and ENGULFS Casan throwing him across the room... Monica grabs the handset a cordless phone and runs out the door. ON CASANOVA, pulling himself together.
77) 50) dialog: That bitch!
80) 8) text: Suddenly, we hear Casanova's voice on the line.
80) 11) dialog: Nobody home?
82) 0) text: Casanova instructs three security guards.
82) 1) dialog: I want her alive.
84) 0) text: A sumptuous, hotel-like lounge. Anabel is holding court w all of top crooks from the luncheon, charming the pants o them... Casanova slithers up behind her.
84) 1) dialog: Fellas, this is woman without whom I  would have gone sane. (kisses her neck)
86) 2) dialog: It's showtime.
88) 0) text: Casanova sits at a security console. Anabel, Tony P, and top crooks stand behind him, listening.
88) 1) dialog: By whom?
88) 18) dialog: Well kill them.
88) 28) text: ON CASANOVA AND THE CROOKS, watching the monitor and laug as bullets pulverize the Herk.
88) 35) text: Bullets dancing all around him, Furious runs a desperate  (but impressive) zig-zag pattern across the floor... He  performs a wild somersault, comes up on his feet, pops op the can, and executes a perfect jump shot, lobbing it rig into the balcony. The tornado funnels out, and the guards are sent flying. ON CASANOVA AND THE TOP CROOKS watching...
88) 37) text: CLOSE ON CASANOVA, who knows who they are. WHILE BACK IN THE HALL our heroes rally around a shaken M Furious.
91) 2) text: But strong hands suddenly grab her. It's Casanova.
91) 5) dialog: Thanks, Roy! She's just my type. You  can have her back... when I'm done!
91) 16) dialog: (admiring her) Some girls just know how to die.
91) 17) text: Suddenly, we hear someone cursing Casanova in Russian. He turns and sees... Anabel standing there, pistol in hand.
91) 19) dialog: Darling, you've got the wrong idea.
91) 21) dialog: I was only strangling her... I've  killed hundreds of women. It doesn't  mean a thing. (moving toward her,  turning on that old  Frankenstein Charm) Pootchkie, you're over-reacting.  This is our night. It's what we've  lied for... cheated for... murdered  for. She's just a plaything, a  trifle... You're the only woman who's  ever meant anything to me. I adore  you. I worship you. I want to make  you my bride.
91) 23) dialog: There's just one thing... (with a psychotic  smile) I don't need you anymore.
91) 25) dialog: Don't worry, Darling. I never hit a  lady.
92) 9) text: Invisible Boy turns and sees... a computer screen built i the wall (with the same image of the eye on it that was o Casanova's computer), but he doesn't have a clue how to t it off. Suddenly, he hears running feet, turns and sees.. The top crooks and the Disco Boys rushing towards him thr the giant sculptures. He gets an idea... and stands right front of the computer screen.
92) 17) dialog: And the light goes out...
92) 19) text: Casanova turns and sees... Furious, standing on the balco
92) 20) dialog: Roy... What took you so long?
92) 21) text: Furious starts at Casanova, who aims Anabel's pistol at h Furious hesitates.
92) 22) dialog: Let me guess... Bullets don't hurt  you.
92) 24) text: Furious lunges at Casanova -- who gets off a shot before  Furious grabs the gun out of his hand. Casanova ducks cle Furious tosses the pistol away... then realizes he's blee from a shoulder wound.
92) 25) dialog: Smarts, doesn't it?... Shall we dance?
92) 29) text: They charge en mass at our heroes... who are waiting for  them... pinching their noses closed, the Spleen bent over their forefront... While Casanova dances around Furious like a cat... Furiou fighting the pain of his bullet wound, lunges at him, and Casanova neatly sidesteps him... The crooks and Disco Boys fall back, gasping, choking in noxious fumes... As Casanova attacks... Advancing shoulder to shoulder, fighting as a team, our h wield machete, fork, shovel, bowling ball, and canned  tornado... forcing the villains back... Casanova comes at Furious relentlessly, kicking and  spinning... and Furious gets the worst of it. Suddenly, a squad of Disco Boys comes charging at our her from the flank... but Doc Heller turns to face them, shri spray held Rambo-style on his hip. He lets them have it,  blasting them with a DENSE BLUE SPRAY... When the spray clears, the D Boys lie squirming on the fl prisoners in their now child sized disco suits...
92) 31) text: Upstairs, Casanova pummels Furious... While, downstairs, the Shoveler dispatches the Elvis Brot with some nifty shovel work... But suddenly, the Bland Bo pistols blazing, are advancing on him, forcing him back  against the base of a sculpture. But the Raja suddenly leaps up onto the sculpture.
92) 34) dialog: Roy, you're making this too easy.
92) 40) text: going straight for Tony P's SCREAMING head... ON THE BOWLER, watching -- as Tony's scream is cut short a gruesome thud. Back upstairs Casanova comes at Furious again... but Furi ducks the kick, pops back up and smashes Casanova with hi good arm... sending him flying across the room... Casanov recovers.
92) 41) dialog: Let's change the tune.
92) 47) dialog: WHAT A RUSH! (tosses the remote  off the balcony)
92) 48) text: ON MONICA, still motionless on the bed... Casanova and Furious collide in the center of the room an grapple in a contest of psychotically enhanced superhuman strength... Casanova gets his hands around Furious's thro and crushes it... Furious drops to his knees, and Casanov thinks he's got him. But Furious, grimacing with rage, lo him right in the eye.
92) 50) text: Furious grabs Casanova's wrists... and crushes them. Casa howls with pain, loses his grip. Furious slugs him, again and again... then he grabs Casanova by the belt, swings h around, and HURLS him into the air... Casanova CRASHES into the huge crystal chandelier -- ther is an explosion of crystal and glass. Furious averts his  eyes as cut glass rains down all around him... then he lo up and sees... Casanova's gold chain has hooked onto a fixture of the  chandelier. Casanova kicks and flails... as he is hanged by the neck his own gold chain... Furious moves to the wolf sculpture. Be PLUNGES HIS HAND  through its bronze casing, and RIPS OUT the heart of the  Psychostridulator, a flashing football sized device that  gives off an unamplified, but higher pitched and more  irritating sound... Furious HURLS the device hard against the floor, and it  smashes into a thousand pieces...