14) 0) text: Captain Amazing abandons his jet pack and moves across th old slate roof like Spiderman, leaping nimbly from gable gable and walking along a high ridge like a tight rope wa Finally he approaches a skylight, looks down and sees... A huge old library with an iron catwalk running around it Casanova Frankenstein sits in a club chair by a roaring f Anabel perches on the arm of his chair. In the other chai sits a once good looking, now paunchy guy, with a meticul coifed haircut. He is TONY POMPADOUR, head of the infamou Disco Boys.
26) 14) text: As our heroes look around as a dozen Disco Boys, armed wi pipes, chains, brass knuckles, step into the light and  encircle them... The French doors open and Tony P steps o
26) 17) text: The Disco Boys attack. The Raja is instantly clubbed down The Shoveler deflects only a blow or two with his shovel  before he goes down, too... These guys are not the Red Ey Only Furious holds his own. He grabs a pipe away from one them and swings fiercely, keeping the others off. Suddenl the Disco Boys pull back. Furious doesn't know why, until turns and sees... Casanova, standing right behind him, smiling.
26) 19) text: With a cat-like move Casanova slashes his gold chain vici and repeatedly -- across Furious' face. Furious, stunned  with pain, lunges at Casanova, who neatly steps aside, th catches him with a fast combination of spinning disco kic Finally he lassos the chain around Furious' neck, and pul it tight, strangling him. ON THE DISCO BOYS, watching, snapping their fingers with  admiration... Casanova releases Furious, who slumps to the ground. Casa steps away, and the Disco Boys gather around Furious and  kick him viciously... as Casanova and Tony P watch, amuse chuckling.
27) 0) text: The Disco Boys drag our heroes through the gate and throw them like bags of garbage into the street... where they l in a moaning, agonized, semi-conscious heap.
38) 10) text: The Disco Boys howl with laughter.
39) 38) text: But suddenly the world is a whirling sass of chains and c as they are bushwhacked by the Disco Boys...
40) 13) text: The Disco Boys rush the newcomer, but he slices through t baseball bats with his machete, and sends them reeling an crashing into each other with expert forearm blows, whack with the flat of his blade, and head butts with his mask. Furious struggles to break free and join the fight, but t chains are too strong... and the stranger doesn't need an help. Tony P flicks open a big switchblade and lunges at the  stranger, who sidesteps him like a matador and swings his machete at him. Tony P turns, about to charge again.
40) 18) text: Tony and the Disco Boys run for it... Furious and the others study their masked savior, who sta before them, machete in hand.
49) 0) text: Armed Disco Boys guard the front entrance... While on the hillside above Invisible Boy (looking throug binoculars) and the Spleen lie together on their bellies the weeds, keeping the mansion under surveillance.
52) 4) dialog: Just give me the word.
52) 9) text: A minute later Casanova and two or three Disco Boys drive off in one of the sedans... as the crate is loaded onto t truck, and the gate is pulled closed... and locked.
53) 47) text: The Disco Boys stop firing... Furious drags Casanova back into an empty lot, using him as a shield.
53) 51) text: Furious releases Casanova, then runs for it and leaps ove the wooden wall at the end of the lot... as the Disco Boy open fire again, and their bullets punch holes through th wall... Furious runs down a back street and escapes into the nigh
92) 9) text: Invisible Boy turns and sees... a computer screen built i the wall (with the same image of the eye on it that was o Casanova's computer), but he doesn't have a clue how to t it off. Suddenly, he hears running feet, turns and sees.. The top crooks and the Disco Boys rushing towards him thr the giant sculptures. He gets an idea... and stands right front of the computer screen.
92) 29) text: They charge en mass at our heroes... who are waiting for  them... pinching their noses closed, the Spleen bent over their forefront... While Casanova dances around Furious like a cat... Furiou fighting the pain of his bullet wound, lunges at him, and Casanova neatly sidesteps him... The crooks and Disco Boys fall back, gasping, choking in noxious fumes... As Casanova attacks... Advancing shoulder to shoulder, fighting as a team, our h wield machete, fork, shovel, bowling ball, and canned  tornado... forcing the villains back... Casanova comes at Furious relentlessly, kicking and  spinning... and Furious gets the worst of it. Suddenly, a squad of Disco Boys comes charging at our her from the flank... but Doc Heller turns to face them, shri spray held Rambo-style on his hip. He lets them have it,  blasting them with a DENSE BLUE SPRAY... When the spray clears, the D Boys lie squirming on the fl prisoners in their now child sized disco suits...