42) 6) text: She is about to knock, but the door is suddenly yanked op and an eighty year old guy is standing there. He's got a  wild head of white hair (that looks like a living explosi and he wears a stained old lab coat with stickum messages himself stuck to it, non-matching slippers, and a pair of thick glasses with frames that have been composited of ha a dozen different old pairs all taped and welded together into a fantastic concoction. He is DOC HELLER.
62) 0) text: Doc Heller fine tunes his Shrinker spray... as the Bowler sits quietly in the hayloft, studying the old dog eared p of her father and herself as a little girl...
74) 0) text: The Bowler, Spleen, Invisible Boy, and Doc Heller load up the Herkimer with Heller's weaponry... as Mister Furious  lies sprawled on the hillside... breathing in the night a contemplating a dandelion gone to seed, and listening to sounds of the night. The Raja, Shoveler, and Sphinx, stan nearby, watching, trying to figure out what's wrong with  him. A whippoorwill is heard singing.
88) 30) text: The crooks laugh. Butsuddenly, the Herkimer's door is thrown open, revealin our heroes -- holding down Doc Heller, his air cannon at ready. He fires -- there is a WHOOMPH of air -- and the  mounted gun and a dozen guards are sent tumbling...
92) 29) text: They charge en mass at our heroes... who are waiting for  them... pinching their noses closed, the Spleen bent over their forefront... While Casanova dances around Furious like a cat... Furiou fighting the pain of his bullet wound, lunges at him, and Casanova neatly sidesteps him... The crooks and Disco Boys fall back, gasping, choking in noxious fumes... As Casanova attacks... Advancing shoulder to shoulder, fighting as a team, our h wield machete, fork, shovel, bowling ball, and canned  tornado... forcing the villains back... Casanova comes at Furious relentlessly, kicking and  spinning... and Furious gets the worst of it. Suddenly, a squad of Disco Boys comes charging at our her from the flank... but Doc Heller turns to face them, shri spray held Rambo-style on his hip. He lets them have it,  blasting them with a DENSE BLUE SPRAY... When the spray clears, the D Boys lie squirming on the fl prisoners in their now child sized disco suits...
97) 0) text: sitting between the Bowler and a bandaged Invisible Boy. Bowler has her arm chummily around the Spleen's shoulder. The Spleen finally has real friends. Doc Heller discusses the art of fork throwing with the Raja as the Shoveler li in. The Sphinx sits at the end of the table, silent.
97) 1) dialog: So you're never actually conscious  of range or trajectory?