5) 26) text: A third man steps out. His costume is less dramatic than others. He wears only an old leather jacket and a faded, torn shi with flames on it, but the fierce look on his face and th atrociousness of his haircut make it very clear that he i the craziest and most dangerous of the three. He is MISTE FURIOUS.
5) 27) dialog: We ARE superheroes!
5) 31) dialog: Over YOUR dead body.
5) 38) text: Big Red gives a shrill whistle, and a dozen more Red Eyes step out of an old caboose... including MIKEY, a four hun pound behemoth. He is eating a container of Ben and Jerry like it was an ice cream cone, taking huge bites out of i container and all. RAJA AND SHOVELER, reacting... Gulp. This was more than t bargained for. But Furious just growls; he's game.
5) 40) text: The Red Eyes attack... Mister Furious goes into a furious face; his hair stands out straight and he rushes right in the oncoming crooks... A Red Eye takes a swing at the Shoveler -- but he simply  puts up his shovel and lets the crook slug the shovel's p The crook yelps with pain and shakes his battered hand... the Raja fends off crooks, poking them with salad forks.. and the baby sits in his stroller, watching and laughing, really enjoying the show. (There's no real martial artist or teamwork here; this is a classic back alley brouhaha.) But there's too many of then... The Raja goes down under  swinging fists... and so does the Shoveler... Furious holds his own, taking out crooks with powerful le and rights -- until Mikey runs him down like a truck, fal right on top of him and crushing him under his massive we
5) 42) dialog: (barely audible under  all that meat) Is that all you got?
5) 44) dialog: (faintly) Your mother!
5) 61) text: The cops crack up. Furious growls at them. The cops yank their nightsticks.
5) 65) text: Shoveler and Raja pull Furious away before he gets into r trouble... The cops watch as our three heroes disappear into the nig
7) 2) dialog: What a jerk -- and like nobody knows  who he really is!
7) 4) dialog: LOOK!
7) 5) text: Furious picks up the newspaper on which there is a photo a good looking guy in a tux at a benefit... The headline  reads "Lance Hunt Hosts Benefit." He holds the picture up next to the television, so the faces of Lance Hunt and Ca Amazing are side by side. It is obviously the same guy.
7) 6) dialog: He's Lance Hunt! Just take off the  glasses -- and it's him!
7) 8) dialog: A vague similarity? IT'S THE SAME  GUY!
7) 12) dialog: We need a break, that's all! Nobody'd  ever heard of him until he busted  Casanova Frankenstein!
7) 15) text: A depressed silence. Furious turns his attention to the n dispenser.
7) 16) dialog: (furious) Why do they always fill stuff these  things so full you can't pull 'em  out without ripping 'em! (rips one out)
7) 18) dialog: So why don't you just tell her!
7) 20) dialog: Why not?
7) 23) dialog: We had an off night, that's all.
7) 30) text: CLOSE ON FURIOUS, smitten by her, but almost afraid to lo at her. Under all that rage, he's in fact shy.
7) 34) text: Furious growls.
7) 47) text: A moment later as Monica walks away, Furious can't help b watch her. The Raja replaces the diner's dinnerware with good stuff from his coat.
7) 51) dialog: Nah.
7) 53) dialog: (getting very pissed  off) What does it matter? Women just want  to control you -- and talk about  their feelings. They want to know  why you're angry all the time -- and  what can they can do to help -- so  you tell them there's nothing --  nothing -- just leave me alone --  but they bug you and they bug you  and they bug you -- until you just  can't stand it anymore! -- so you  finally open up -- you pop like a  blister -- and it all comes spewing  out -- all your emotions -- your  feelings -- your fears -- all of it! (after a beat) And then they dump you.
7) 55) dialog: (fiercely) Who's chicken? (gets up)
7) 56) text: Monica stands at the counter placing her order. Furious  approaches her, leans against the counter. For a moment h just stands there, fuming, unable to think of anything to say. She isn't sure what to make of this.
7) 57) dialog: Doesn't it piss you off the way the  when you really want to talk to  somebody you can't think of anything  to say!
7) 59) dialog: Only when I'm awake... You busy after  work?
7) 61) dialog: Want to go out and get drunk?
7) 63) dialog: Or talk?
8) 0) text: Furious, the Raja, and the Shoveler step out.
8) 2) dialog: (gets on his old Harley) Like what? Cutting off my own ear?
8) 4) dialog: See ya tomorrow.
8) 5) text: Furious kicks his engine started and speeds off into the  night as the Shoveler opens the door of his battered Ford Esquire station wagon, and the Raja gets into his ancient Datsun.
13) 0) text: A billboard overlooking the city. Captain Amazing is pose wearing a pair of bright blue Nikes. The caption reads. " a nice world. Somebody's got to save it... The Nike Super It's Amazing." Furious sits on his Harley, taking long hauls from a pint bottle of cheap bourbon and gazing up at the sign.
13) 1) dialog: Amazing? What's so amazing about  him? I'd be amazing, too, if I'd  inherited two hundred million bucks...  or two bucks... or two cents... (hurls the empty  bottle, smashing it  against the sign) Who am I kidding? Dreams don't come  true.
13) 4) dialog: Where's he going? (kicks his Harley  started)
16) 0) text: still watching... as all the lights in the house go out,  except for a frightening orange glow in an upper room... Off in the distance Furious sees... the lights of the ent city flicker and then black out... A moment later the man and the city's lights return to normal... as Furious watc not sure what to make of this.
22) 0) text: In a weedy overgrown far corner of the junkyard Sally and Furious stand looking a big old hunk of a military vehicl It is a Herkimer Battle Jitney, a heavily armored, window soundproof, personnel carrier (designed by the Pentagon in the fifties to take congress on battlefield fact finding tours). Overgrown with weeds, home to an extended family of pigeons, its fighting days it ever had any) are over.
22) 2) dialog: Sally, that's a Herkimer Battle  Jitney! They don't make 'em like  that anymore. It's a classic!
22) 4) text: She walks away. Furious growls. He picks up his iron bar is about to wedge it under the front bumper of the Herkim
22) 8) text: ON FURIOUS, taking immediate notice.
23) 0) text: Furious, the Shoveler, and the Raja all sit at their boot
23) 1) dialog: I saw him go in -- and he didn't  come out!
23) 3) text: Furious groans.
23) 12) dialog: No he hasn't.
24) 1) dialog: (about to climb over) Let's go.
24) 7) dialog: The who?
24) 9) dialog: Well they've crawled back out.
24) 14) dialog: Don't you guys get it? If Captain  Amazing is still in there, we can  rescue him -- and get on TV! (goes right over the  wall)
26) 4) dialog: Wait. (They all stop.) I hear something.
26) 7) dialog: Shhh.
26) 10) text: Furious sees a pair of French doors, off a small patio. O of the doors is slightly open.
26) 11) dialog: Come on.
26) 17) text: The Disco Boys attack. The Raja is instantly clubbed down The Shoveler deflects only a blow or two with his shovel  before he goes down, too... These guys are not the Red Ey Only Furious holds his own. He grabs a pipe away from one them and swings fiercely, keeping the others off. Suddenl the Disco Boys pull back. Furious doesn't know why, until turns and sees... Casanova, standing right behind him, smiling.
26) 19) text: With a cat-like move Casanova slashes his gold chain vici and repeatedly -- across Furious' face. Furious, stunned  with pain, lunges at Casanova, who neatly steps aside, th catches him with a fast combination of spinning disco kic Finally he lassos the chain around Furious' neck, and pul it tight, strangling him. ON THE DISCO BOYS, watching, snapping their fingers with  admiration... Casanova releases Furious, who slumps to the ground. Casa steps away, and the Disco Boys gather around Furious and  kick him viciously... as Casanova and Tony P watch, amuse chuckling.
28) 0) text: Furious, rubbing his neck; a thin red mark runs around it The three of them are sitting at their usual table, in ve bad shape, moaning and groaning... Monica approaches. She made them ice packs and cold compresses.
28) 8) dialog: (still furious) Are you serious? This is the break  we've been waiting for!
28) 10) dialog: What have the famous superheroes got  that we don't?
28) 12) dialog: Archenemies! Casanova isn't just a  criminal -- he's a supervillain.  Stopping him could be our ticket to  fame, fortune -- and babes!
28) 14) dialog: (dismissively) Yeah yeah -- and that, too.
28) 16) dialog: Then maybe it's time for us to form  our own brotherhood... a brotherhood  of righteous, crime fighting, skull  cracking, Disco Boy bashing, warriors  of the night!
28) 18) dialog: I say we send out the word -- and  summon all of the unsung superheroes  we know!
28) 21) dialog: Well... there's the Spleen.
28) 25) dialog: Have you ever seen him?
28) 27) dialog: Good point.
28) 31) dialog: Sounds good.
30) 0) text: Our heroes, in normal clothing, have just finished a taco lunch. Furious is writing a message on a napkin with a  ballpoint pen.
30) 1) dialog: You sure that's how you spell it?
32) 0) text: A teenage boy's room, decorated to the max with models an posters of the great superheroes: Batman, Spiderman, Capt Amazing, etc. INVISIBLE BOY, about fifteen, is being  interviewed by the Raja, Mister Furious, and the Shoveler
32) 1) dialog: So, let me get this straight. You  have the power to become invisible.
32) 5) dialog: If someone looks at you, you  immediately become visible again.
32) 13) dialog: So how do you know that you've ever  been invisible?
32) 16) dialog: Look, kid, we've got a lot of heroes  to interview --
33) 0) text: Our heroes sit at their usual table along with Invisible and a weird looking guy in a greasy, stained yellow super outfit. Across his chest in falling off stick on letters reads "THE SPLEEN", and that's exactly who he is. Furious the Raja, and Shoveler sit as far away from him as possib He is a totally noxious, hyperactive person... and he is  thrilled to be there.
33) 4) text: Furious, Raja, and the Shoveler react; they can't believe they've actually invited this guy to join their group.
33) 18) dialog: But we know they're out there.  Hundreds -- maybe thousands of lonely,  unknown superheroes, who desperately  need a cause...
35) 10) text: They go into the house. No one says anything. The Shovele just stares at the burgers on the grill. Vic Damon sings. Furious chugs his beer; he's working himself into a reall morose mood. ON THE SPLEEN, munching on a chlorine tablet.
35) 14) dialog: Who are we kidding? No one's gonna  show. We're living in a fantasy!
35) 16) dialog: Good or evil, what's the difference?
35) 18) dialog: I used to believe that. Now I'm not  so sure.
35) 20) dialog: Oh shut up.
35) 27) text: At first glance these guys seem promising... but their ou are decidedly improvised: weird goggles and sunglasses, s curtain capes, baseball caps with beer cans on them. Thei leader holds a squeegee with a long handle... Furious is  suspicious.
35) 35) text: ON FURIOUS, watching, starting to get pissed off.
35) 44) text: Furious, fed up, confronts Squeegee Man.
35) 45) dialog: If you're a superhero, what's your  power?
35) 48) dialog: Can you fly?
35) 50) dialog: Wanna bet?
37) 17) dialog: Hey... Can I buy you a beer?
37) 26) dialog: You know something? Those guys are  really starting TO PISS ME OFF!
37) 28) dialog: SO WHAT?
37) 30) dialog: Half a Dirty Dozen!
37) 48) dialog: To hell with a name. Let's get to  work.
37) 49) text: MUSIC UP as Furious stands and starts out. The others sta and follow him... as our heroes form up for their first H GROUP SHOT.
38) 7) dialog: Let's say hello.
38) 12) text: The D Boys laugh. Furious stares at Casanova, and Casanov stares right back at him, as cool as a snake.
38) 13) dialog: What did you do with Captain Amazing?
38) 18) text: The villains laugh, and Mister Furious EXPLODES INTO RAGE He swings open his car door, mashing it into the limo and leaving a big dent.
38) 20) dialog: 'SCUSE ME!
38) 23) text: Tony and the boys all reach into their coats for their pi but as they yank them out, the Spleen sticks his head out the station wagon, puts his face right up to the open win of the limo and lets loose with a TREMENDOUS BELCH... As the villains choke and gag in the noxious fumes, Miste Furious goes on a DEMOLITION RAMPAGE, working his way aro the limo, punching big dents with his fists, breaking the windows with his head, flattening the tires by kicking th knocking off the rear view mirror with the back of his ha Then he leaps up on top of the limo... While inside the villains gasp for air as big dents are  stomped into the roof above them... ANGLE THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD as Furious leaps down onto t hood, and gazes in at them.
38) 24) dialog: Shall I check your oil?
38) 26) dialog: Looks fine.
38) 27) text: He tosses the dip stick away, then leaps off JUST AS Tony gets off a shot, EXPLODING the windshield of the limo. Furious lands safely on the hood of the station wagon. As the Shoveler throws the Esquire into gear, Furious shouts
38) 28) dialog: NICE CAR!
39) 26) text: Mr. Furious sits alone in the corner, brooding, lost in h own angry thoughts..
39) 37) dialog: Anybody up for a little White Castle?
40) 0) text: as he comes to with a groan and sees... the Bowler and  Invisible Boy tied up and gagged, with the Raja, Shoveler and the Spleen trussed up right next to them. Furious loo up, sees Tony P standing over him.
40) 2) text: Furious struggles, but he has been secured with some very heavy tire chains. Tony P takes out a large caliber revol flips it open to make sure it's loaded.
40) 4) dialog: Disco sucks.
40) 6) text: He turns and points the pistol right at Invisible Boy's h Furious struggles against his chains -- to no avail.
40) 13) text: The Disco Boys rush the newcomer, but he slices through t baseball bats with his machete, and sends them reeling an crashing into each other with expert forearm blows, whack with the flat of his blade, and head butts with his mask. Furious struggles to break free and join the fight, but t chains are too strong... and the stranger doesn't need an help. Tony P flicks open a big switchblade and lunges at the  stranger, who sidesteps him like a matador and swings his machete at him. Tony P turns, about to charge again.
40) 18) text: Tony and the Disco Boys run for it... Furious and the others study their masked savior, who sta before them, machete in hand.
40) 19) dialog: You're the Sphinx.
40) 21) text: He raises his machete above Furious' head... and then sli clean through the chains.
41) 2) text: Furious sulks, but the others get the point.
41) 4) text: Furious grunts.
41) 7) dialog: (angrily) So what else has Superman got?
41) 10) text: Furious sulks again, feeling that the others are turning  against him.
42) 16) text: Furious throws a look at the Shoveler and Raja. This guy' out of it. They're wasting their time.
44) 5) text: Furious groans, and the others share a look. This guy's r a nut.
44) 7) dialog: Let's get out of here.
44) 8) text: Furious turns and goes out, and the others start to follo But the Bowler picks up a canned tornado.
44) 11) text: Furious stops, turns back.
44) 13) text: She tosses the can to him. He catches it -- just as a sma angry tornado FUNNELS out of the can. It catches Furious lifts him high in the air... then dissipates to nothing.. A beat later Furious lands on the ground with a painful t ON THE OTHERS, amazed. Furious gets to his feet, unhurt, but really pissed off. starts back toward the barn, violently kicking the empty  can. The others get out of his way, as, muttering angrily himself, he goes back into the barn... And emerges a moment later, toting the air cannon.
44) 15) text: The others think he's going to use it on them and scatter for cover. But Furious steps out into the yard, looking f a suitable target... He sees an old abandoned outhouse, p the air cannon to his shoulder, aims, and fires... There is a loud WHOOOOMPH of compressed air, and the huge recoil of the cannon instantly flings Furious back agains the wall of the barn. But the big rush of air hits the sh dead center... and BLOWS IT TO PIECES, leaving only the o seat. Furious gets up, dusts himself off, and moves to Doc Hell
44) 16) dialog: Doc, you're a genius! (hugs him)
44) 18) dialog: (turns to the others) Okay! We got the firepower! I say we  throw it into the car, drive over to  Casanova's house, and kick some ass!
44) 20) text: The others ignore Furious and listen to the Sphinx.
44) 22) text: The others nod in agreement... while Furious fumes.
45) 0) text: Furious drinks alone, while the rest of our heroes sit ar an old picnic table, feasting on sodas and pizza (like a  football team after a great practice.) Raja explains the  history of the situation to the Sphinx.
45) 7) dialog: (pissed off) But now Casanova's back! And we're  gonna sit around here all night eating  pizza and telling stories! Hey, lets  toast some marshmellows!
45) 9) dialog: (lunges at the Sphinx) And a skunk stinks!
45) 10) text: Furious and the Sphinx square off, their faces only inche apart.
45) 12) dialog: When are you going to take off that  mask?
45) 15) dialog: (snapping at him) Go dance with your mother, Jeffrey!
45) 18) dialog: My heart died a long time ago.
45) 20) dialog: Blow it out your bean hole, Pancho!...  And to hell with the rest of you!...  Look at you. Bunch of rejects. I  didn't need you before -- and I don't  need you now! (jumps on to his  motorcycle) The great ones RIDE ALONE! (kicks the engine  started) Adios, muchachos! (and he rides off  across the field)
46) 0) dialog: the wind whipping against his face, as he rides his Harle at about a hundred miles an hour... The languorous sound an OLD DEAN MARTIN SONG is heard as we...
46) 6) text: They get out, lock the car and head for the bar, leaving windows up. Little Furious watches them go, never suspect that his entire life is about to change. He sits quietly the backseat and plays with the little superhero figurine that he's brought with him.
46) 7) dialog: Pow! Bang! Wham!
46) 16) text: ANGLE FROM OUTSIDE TUE CAR as Little Furious, sweat and t pouring out of him, his hair wet and sticking out (and  starting to take on that familiar look), pounds on the wi
46) 17) dialog: Mommy! Daddy! Mommy! Daddy!
47) 5) text: She unlocks the door, throws it open, and sees something  that makes her pull back in horror... Little Furious sits the backseat. His hair sticks out wildly, his face has be that now familiar mask of primordial rage. Another OLD DE MARTIN SONG is heard as we...
48) 3) dialog: Hi.
48) 5) dialog: Every night.
51) 4) text: Mr. Furious sits in the booth drinking coffee as Monica s him his burger and fries.
51) 5) dialog: (floundering) Monica... I was wondering if -- uh -- maybe we -- I mean you and I -- could -- uh -- you know -- get a -- I mean  have a...
51) 7) dialog: Yeah.
51) 9) dialog: Sure.
51) 11) text: ON FURIOUS, feeling a whole lot better.
53) 0) text: Furious walks Monica home.
53) 2) dialog: Why?
53) 4) dialog: It is?
53) 6) dialog: (after a moment) I wouldn't mind being famous.
53) 10) dialog: Nothing wrong with being a waitress.
53) 12) dialog: Roy.
53) 16) dialog: It's home.
53) 21) dialog: What have they got that we ain't  got?
53) 23) dialog: Me, too.
53) 27) dialog: I just want to be a superhero.
53) 29) text: She turns and climbs the stairs of an old apartment build and goes inside, as Furious watches, feeling emotions he' not used to. He really likes her. He starts walking back  down the street, past a man sitting on the stoop. The man looks up. It's Casanova Frankenstein.
53) 31) text: Furious is caught completely by surprise -- he takes a st ready to fight.
53) 33) text: Furious, silent.
53) 35) text: Furious reacts to the fact that Casanova knows his real n
53) 37) text: CLOSE ON FURIOUS as, out of the corner of his eye, he cat movement in the alley across the street... he knows what is.
53) 39) dialog: (quietly) You're nuts.
53) 41) dialog: And the nuts always call themselves  great.
53) 43) dialog: Against.
53) 45) text: Gunfire rings out from the alley as the Disco Bays step o their pistols blazing. But Furious has anticipated them. leaps right at Casanova, pins his arms in a bear hug and  holds him in the line of fire.
53) 47) text: The Disco Boys stop firing... Furious drags Casanova back into an empty lot, using him as a shield.
53) 48) dialog: (to Casanova) Thanks for reminding me which team  I'm on.
53) 50) dialog: So are you!
53) 51) text: Furious releases Casanova, then runs for it and leaps ove the wooden wall at the end of the lot... as the Disco Boy open fire again, and their bullets punch holes through th wall... Furious runs down a back street and escapes into the nigh
56) 3) dialog: Is there room in the pack for one  more wolf?
56) 4) text: They look up and see that Furious has just returned... Th Sphinx moves to him. For a moment they stand face to face
56) 5) dialog: I was wrong... I need my friends.
56) 9) dialog: Casanova said that in two days the  entire city would belong to him...  and there wasn't a thing that we  could do about it.
56) 11) dialog: I dunno.
56) 12) text: Through the window the moon is seen rising over the hills the Frankenstein Center silhouetted ominously against it. Raja, Shoveler, and Furious gaze at it.
56) 15) dialog: (after a moment,  sounding very Sphinx- like) We just become like the wolf... who  wears the sheep's clothing.
57) 2) dialog: He hasn't stolen it yet.
57) 4) dialog: Because that's what it is.
57) 7) dialog: (following the sound) Come on.
58) 12) text: A more degenerate group of criminals never sat down to lu Furious recognizes one of the waitresses... It's Monica. Casanova's got his eye on her, too, and he remembers her  from the night before on the street with Furious. ON ANABEL, noticing his interest. Our heroes see Monica walking straight toward them. They  turn away, lean against a wail, trying to be totally  inconspicuous... But as she passes them, not noticing them... Casanova  approaches her.
58) 16) text: CLOSE ON FURIOUS, getting jealous.
58) 19) text: Furious growls. Raja gives him an elbow.
58) 23) text: Mister Furious is fuming. The strands of his perfectly co disco-do start to stand straight up.
58) 35) dialog: Hey.
58) 36) text: Furious has spotted... a large covered dessert table, wai to be wheeled into the hall.
58) 39) dialog: It's me.
59) 13) dialog: It works.
59) 21) dialog: (after a moment, grimly) We know what we gotta do.
59) 25) dialog: Maybe. But this isn't about living  or dying. It's about good versus  evil, and we're good, whether we  like it or not... Maybe we look a  little funny...
59) 27) dialog: And smell a little funny. We're not  bulletproof and we can't fly. But  we're superheroes -- and that means  doing what's right -- even when it's  impossible... This is our city --  these are our friends, our families --  and if we don't save them, nobody  will! So I say we take a ride up  that hill, blast our way in there,  destroy that Psycho-whatchamabob --  and teach those deviants a lesson  they'll never forget!
59) 43) dialog: We'll just have to get lucky.
59) 45) dialog: Go do what you gotta do. We'll meet  back here at sunset... Do or die.
60) 0) text: THE FRONT GRILL of the Herkimer Battle Jitney... as Miste Furious hooks it up to the "Sally's Auto Demolition" tow  truck... A moment later he drives the tow truck, towing t off the lot, as Sally steps out of her office, pissed off
69) 0) text: Mister Furious, wrench in hand, covered with grease and o cussing to himself as he works under the hood of the Herk
69) 1) dialog: Try it again!
69) 3) dialog: Come on, baby... Come on, baby... I  SAID COME ON!
69) 4) text: Mister Furious SLUGS the engine with his fist, and it spu and backfires into life... shaking, rattling, leaking,  exploding, but running... Furious kisses the Herkimer... the Bowler calls out to him from the barn.
69) 6) dialog: Hello?
70) 3) dialog: Monica, where are you?
70) 7) dialog: Are you nuts? Get out of there!
70) 9) dialog: What are you talking about?
70) 11) dialog: He's a psycho! He'll kill you!
70) 13) dialog: And what if you get killed?
70) 15) text: Furious silent, taken aback by her courage.
70) 17) dialog: (caught completely  off guard) What?
70) 19) dialog: Monica!
71) 5) dialog: Sure.
74) 0) text: The Bowler, Spleen, Invisible Boy, and Doc Heller load up the Herkimer with Heller's weaponry... as Mister Furious  lies sprawled on the hillside... breathing in the night a contemplating a dandelion gone to seed, and listening to sounds of the night. The Raja, Shoveler, and Sphinx, stan nearby, watching, trying to figure out what's wrong with  him. A whippoorwill is heard singing.
74) 1) dialog: Listen. He's lonely... and he doesn't  care who knows it.
74) 3) dialog: We're all the same really. Our songs,  our dreams, our seeds are all just a  brave attempt to live forever. (blows the dandelion  seeds into the wind)
74) 7) dialog: Has Monica called?
76) 0) text: Our heroes have gathered around Furious, who sits in a ch getting the third degree.
76) 4) dialog: But I just don't feel it.
76) 6) dialog: Normal. What's normal? Does normal  exist? And if it did, how would we  know it?
76) 8) dialog: You know, Eddie, that was really  uncalled for.
77) 7) dialog: Okay, you win. I'm pissed off. I'm  seriously peeved.
77) 24) text: ON FURIOUS, a pair of headphones on his head. The music i so loud that we can hear it even though it's being played only through the headphones. ON THE OTHERS, gathered around him, waiting to see if thi will work. And then Furious begins to respond... as his face turns i a contorted grimace.
77) 26) text: Furious groans and writhes... The others are thrilled; th done it!
77) 27) dialog: This music is just SO BEAUTIFUL!
80) 1) dialog: But she still might call!
80) 3) dialog: I'll drive.
83) 9) text: Furious closes his eyes and tries, but it's hopeless.
88) 33) dialog: Cover me!
88) 35) text: Bullets dancing all around him, Furious runs a desperate  (but impressive) zig-zag pattern across the floor... He  performs a wild somersault, comes up on his feet, pops op the can, and executes a perfect jump shot, lobbing it rig into the balcony. The tornado funnels out, and the guards are sent flying. ON CASANOVA AND THE TOP CROOKS watching...
88) 37) text: CLOSE ON CASANOVA, who knows who they are. WHILE BACK IN THE HALL our heroes rally around a shaken M Furious.
90) 4) dialog: (looks up) Monica!
91) 14) text: He takes a deep breath, closes his eyes, and concentrates ON FURIOUS as the fingers of one hand lose their grip and toehold gives way... For a desperate moment, Furious is  dangling off the wall by the tips of the fingers of one h Only his incredible rage keeps his fingertips taut. Suddenly, there is a flash of silver, and a large cake fo embeds in the concrete not far from his head. Furious gra hold of it, and throws a grateful look down to the Raja.. Who salaams up at him... As Invisible Boy, eyes closed in concentration, walks ver slowly, hands at his sides, in an almost Egyptian pose... toward the eye... which stares down mercilessly, waiting its next victim... we notice that Invisible Boy has becom just slightly transparent.
92) 18) dialog: Frankenstein!
92) 19) text: Casanova turns and sees... Furious, standing on the balco
92) 21) text: Furious starts at Casanova, who aims Anabel's pistol at h Furious hesitates.
92) 23) dialog: They hurt... BUT THEY DON'T STOP ME!
92) 24) text: Furious lunges at Casanova -- who gets off a shot before  Furious grabs the gun out of his hand. Casanova ducks cle Furious tosses the pistol away... then realizes he's blee from a shoulder wound.
92) 29) text: They charge en mass at our heroes... who are waiting for  them... pinching their noses closed, the Spleen bent over their forefront... While Casanova dances around Furious like a cat... Furiou fighting the pain of his bullet wound, lunges at him, and Casanova neatly sidesteps him... The crooks and Disco Boys fall back, gasping, choking in noxious fumes... As Casanova attacks... Advancing shoulder to shoulder, fighting as a team, our h wield machete, fork, shovel, bowling ball, and canned  tornado... forcing the villains back... Casanova comes at Furious relentlessly, kicking and  spinning... and Furious gets the worst of it. Suddenly, a squad of Disco Boys comes charging at our her from the flank... but Doc Heller turns to face them, shri spray held Rambo-style on his hip. He lets them have it,  blasting them with a DENSE BLUE SPRAY... When the spray clears, the D Boys lie squirming on the fl prisoners in their now child sized disco suits...
92) 31) text: Upstairs, Casanova pummels Furious... While, downstairs, the Shoveler dispatches the Elvis Brot with some nifty shovel work... But suddenly, the Bland Bo pistols blazing, are advancing on him, forcing him back  against the base of a sculpture. But the Raja suddenly leaps up onto the sculpture.
92) 33) text: The Bland Boys look up and see... the Raja, both hands fi with silverware... which he HURLS... A beat later the Bland Boys, bristling with forks and  grapefruit spoons, run screaming through the sculptures.. as Tony P, pistol in hand, skulks out from behind a sculp and spots... the Bowler. Upstairs, Furious goes flying against a wall...
92) 40) text: going straight for Tony P's SCREAMING head... ON THE BOWLER, watching -- as Tony's scream is cut short a gruesome thud. Back upstairs Casanova comes at Furious again... but Furi ducks the kick, pops back up and smashes Casanova with hi good arm... sending him flying across the room... Casanov recovers.
92) 48) text: ON MONICA, still motionless on the bed... Casanova and Furious collide in the center of the room an grapple in a contest of psychotically enhanced superhuman strength... Casanova gets his hands around Furious's thro and crushes it... Furious drops to his knees, and Casanov thinks he's got him. But Furious, grimacing with rage, lo him right in the eye.
92) 49) dialog: (raspy voiced) Is... that... all you got?
92) 50) text: Furious grabs Casanova's wrists... and crushes them. Casa howls with pain, loses his grip. Furious slugs him, again and again... then he grabs Casanova by the belt, swings h around, and HURLS him into the air... Casanova CRASHES into the huge crystal chandelier -- ther is an explosion of crystal and glass. Furious averts his  eyes as cut glass rains down all around him... then he lo up and sees... Casanova's gold chain has hooked onto a fixture of the  chandelier. Casanova kicks and flails... as he is hanged by the neck his own gold chain... Furious moves to the wolf sculpture. Be PLUNGES HIS HAND  through its bronze casing, and RIPS OUT the heart of the  Psychostridulator, a flashing football sized device that  gives off an unamplified, but higher pitched and more  irritating sound... Furious HURLS the device hard against the floor, and it  smashes into a thousand pieces...
92) 52) dialog: Nice dancing with you.
92) 55) dialog: Monica...
92) 58) text: He takes her tenderly in his arm... as the Raja, the Shov and the others rush into the room and see... Furious and  Monica embracing.
93) 0) text: Police cars and news vans arrive... as our heroes, batter wounded, but victorious walk proudly down the long stairs Furious and Monica hold each other up. Wounded Invisible has his arm around the Spleen... while policemen and news people run up the stairs past them into the center, ignor them as always... But this time our heroes could care less. They are  superheroes, and they don't give a damn who knows it.
97) 3) text: Monica (in her waitress outfit) sits close to a bandaged  Mister Furious.
97) 16) dialog: It doesn't matter what we call  ourselves. We know who we are.
97) 24) dialog: Amigos, duty calls.