32) 0) text: A teenage boy's room, decorated to the max with models an posters of the great superheroes: Batman, Spiderman, Capt Amazing, etc. INVISIBLE BOY, about fifteen, is being  interviewed by the Raja, Mister Furious, and the Shoveler
32) 2) dialog: Yes.
32) 4) dialog: Yes.
32) 6) dialog: Yes.
32) 8) dialog: No.
32) 10) dialog: If I look at myself, I become visible.
32) 12) dialog: Yes.
32) 14) dialog: I just know.
32) 17) dialog: (desperate) I know I haven't got it entirely  worked out yet, but I've always  dreamed of becoming a superhero...  Weren't you guys ever a kid? Didn't  you ever need someone to just give  you a chance?
33) 5) dialog: So what exactly is your superpower?
34) 0) text: Invisible Boy sits at the desk in his room, writing immac little notes on small file cards. (He's made a whole pile them.)
35) 15) dialog: Come on, guys -- we're fighting  against evil.
35) 22) dialog: They're here!
37) 10) text: She takes her bowling ball and spins it on the tip of her finger (like a Harlem Globetrotter). For a long moment sh just looks at them, smiling. ON THE OTHERS watching, almost mesmerized by the spinning ball... Suddenly, she gives an ear splitting battle cry and start swinging the ball around her in wide ferocious arcs, like cannibal with a war club -- or a twirler on meth, going s fast she almost becomes a blur... Then, just as suddenly, she stops, aims and rolls her bal It shoots straight through Invisible Boy's legs...
37) 32) dialog: And only one short of the Magnificent  Seven.
37) 43) dialog: The Obliterators!
39) 11) dialog: Dad thinks all this superhero stuff  is a stupid waste of time.
39) 13) dialog: Yeah.
39) 24) dialog: I wonder what he dreams about?
40) 0) text: as he comes to with a groan and sees... the Bowler and  Invisible Boy tied up and gagged, with the Raja, Shoveler and the Spleen trussed up right next to them. Furious loo up, sees Tony P standing over him.
40) 6) text: He turns and points the pistol right at Invisible Boy's h Furious struggles against his chains -- to no avail.
40) 8) text: Invisible Boy closes his eyes... Tony P cocks the pistol. But suddenly, there is the ring of steel -- a broad blade sweeps through the air, and Tony P's pistol is sliced nea in half.
41) 12) dialog: Anybody got any?
44) 3) dialog: The lasers?
49) 0) text: Armed Disco Boys guard the front entrance... While on the hillside above Invisible Boy (looking throug binoculars) and the Spleen lie together on their bellies the weeds, keeping the mansion under surveillance.
49) 4) dialog: Where are they going?
49) 5) text: Invisible Boy hesitates for just a momnt, then gets up an runs down the hill.
49) 7) text: As the small convoy drives past, Invisible Boy slips out  from behind some trees, runs after the truck, jumps up an sits on its rear bumper. The Spleen comes running after h and Invisible Boy reaches out, grabs his hand and pulls h up alongside him. Invisible Boy tries the rear gate. It's open. The two of them pull it up just a foot, squirm insi then pull it closed behind them.
55) 0) text: The crate is being carried away by a forklift... A beat, then Invisible Boy and the Spleen slip out of the empty  truck... And run down the road back toward the gates... which are  still open. They're just about to pass safely through them, when a PA OF ARMED SECURITY GUARDS, step in their path, their guns  pointed at thern.
55) 8) text: Invisible Boy and the Spleen turn, hands in the air, and  start up the hill, the guards right behind them.
55) 10) text: Invisible Boy pinches his nostrils -- and the Spleen lets out with a horrendous fart. The guards gag and choke viol in the fumes as our heroes turn and run for it... escapin out the gates.
56) 0) text: Invisible Boy and Spleen report to the others.
56) 1) dialog: Whatever was in that crate... is  from Russia.
63) 0) text: Invisible Boy stands in front of his mirror, eyes closed, concentrating for all he's worth, trying to become  invisible... He suddenly pops opens his eyes and looks at himself in the mirror... but he's still completely visibl He flops onto his bed in frustration.
69) 2) text: Invisible Boy, sitting behind the wheel, tries the igniti of the Herkimer, and the old engine grinds as it turns ov but doesn't catch.
74) 0) text: The Bowler, Spleen, Invisible Boy, and Doc Heller load up the Herkimer with Heller's weaponry... as Mister Furious  lies sprawled on the hillside... breathing in the night a contemplating a dandelion gone to seed, and listening to sounds of the night. The Raja, Shoveler, and Sphinx, stan nearby, watching, trying to figure out what's wrong with  him. A whippoorwill is heard singing.
83) 8) dialog: Just GET MAD!
91) 12) text: Meanwhile, Invisible Boy stands staring at the security e a look of fierce determination on his face. This is his  moment.
91) 13) dialog: (to himself) I can do it.
91) 14) text: He takes a deep breath, closes his eyes, and concentrates ON FURIOUS as the fingers of one hand lose their grip and toehold gives way... For a desperate moment, Furious is  dangling off the wall by the tips of the fingers of one h Only his incredible rage keeps his fingertips taut. Suddenly, there is a flash of silver, and a large cake fo embeds in the concrete not far from his head. Furious gra hold of it, and throws a grateful look down to the Raja.. Who salaams up at him... As Invisible Boy, eyes closed in concentration, walks ver slowly, hands at his sides, in an almost Egyptian pose... toward the eye... which stares down mercilessly, waiting its next victim... we notice that Invisible Boy has becom just slightly transparent.
92) 2) text: CAMERA HOLDS ON OUR HEROES, wincing as Anabel hits with a ugly thud. Suddenly they hear Invisible Boy calling to them.
92) 3) dialog: Guys, I did it! I did it! I'm  invisible!
92) 4) text: They all turn and see... Invisible Boy, totally visible, standing on the other side of the arch.
92) 5) dialog: Can you see me?
92) 7) dialog: Nuts.
92) 9) text: Invisible Boy turns and sees... a computer screen built i the wall (with the same image of the eye on it that was o Casanova's computer), but he doesn't have a clue how to t it off. Suddenly, he hears running feet, turns and sees.. The top crooks and the Disco Boys rushing towards him thr the giant sculptures. He gets an idea... and stands right front of the computer screen.
92) 10) dialog: HEY! CREEPS!
97) 0) text: sitting between the Bowler and a bandaged Invisible Boy. Bowler has her arm chummily around the Spleen's shoulder. The Spleen finally has real friends. Doc Heller discusses the art of fork throwing with the Raja as the Shoveler li in. The Sphinx sits at the end of the table, silent.
97) 18) dialog: Hey... he's gone.