40) 20) dialog: And you are a fool.
41) 0) text: Our heroes have gathered around a scrap wood fire in a st drum. They sit on the ground and on old car seats, feelin like schmucks as the Sphinx chews them out, his mask look very frightening and magical in the flickering light.
41) 1) dialog: You call yourselves superheroes? A  rooster fights more intelligently  than you! You have shown yourself to  your enemy and revealed your powers  to him -- and what have you  accomplished for this? You have  destroyed his car. Brilliant! If you  want to survive you must fight like  a wolf pack -- not like a six pack!
41) 3) dialog: The wolf is cunning. He knows that  stealth is his greatest weapon, and  he always fights as a team... (at Furious) Not like some drunken Tejano on  Saturday night.
41) 5) dialog: Casanova Frankenstein is a a master  of evil. You will need more than  shovels and dessert forks to stop  him... What else have you got?
42) 19) dialog: Doctor, we need your weapons.
44) 19) dialog: No.
44) 20) text: The others ignore Furious and listen to the Sphinx.
44) 21) dialog: We are not yet ready. Now we must  learn to fight together... as one  thing.
45) 0) text: Furious drinks alone, while the rest of our heroes sit ar an old picnic table, feasting on sodas and pizza (like a  football team after a great practice.) Raja explains the  history of the situation to the Sphinx.
45) 8) dialog: The wise snake coils before he  strikes.
45) 10) text: Furious and the Sphinx square off, their faces only inche apart.
45) 11) dialog: You drink too much.
45) 13) dialog: (pointedly) When I am sure I am among friends.
45) 17) dialog: Your rage is a very great power, but  it blinds you to your heart.
45) 19) dialog: It is not dead. It is hiding.
56) 4) text: They look up and see that Furious has just returned... Th Sphinx moves to him. For a moment they stand face to face
56) 6) text: Sphinx takes off his mask, revealing that he is the busbo from the Tacky Taco.
56) 7) dialog: Amigo.
59) 28) dialog: Now you're talking.
59) 47) dialog: Victoria o morte.
61) 0) text: ON THE SPHINX, standing as immobile and silent as a statu as a falling leaf slowly flutters down in front of him... a flash, his machete slices through the air, and the leaf continues fluttering down, but in two pieces...
74) 0) text: The Bowler, Spleen, Invisible Boy, and Doc Heller load up the Herkimer with Heller's weaponry... as Mister Furious  lies sprawled on the hillside... breathing in the night a contemplating a dandelion gone to seed, and listening to sounds of the night. The Raja, Shoveler, and Sphinx, stan nearby, watching, trying to figure out what's wrong with  him. A whippoorwill is heard singing.
74) 4) dialog: He is in love. His anger is gone.
83) 7) dialog: Amigo, we need you.
88) 39) dialog: Amigos!
92) 15) text: The villains form a line, bristling with pistols... as ou heroes, led by Sphinx, Shoveler, and Bowler come running  through the arch. The threesome go shoulder to shoulder ( our other heroes right behind them) as the villains open  fire, laying down a deadly fusillade... ON SHOVELER, BOWLER, AND SPHINX, standing together, defle their bullets with shovel, bowling ball, and machete... ( they practiced with pebbles at the farm)... with the Raja right behind them, hurling silverware... ON THE VILLAINS, rapid firing... but their own bullets  ricochet back into them, dropping them... They start to f back.
97) 0) text: sitting between the Bowler and a bandaged Invisible Boy. Bowler has her arm chummily around the Spleen's shoulder. The Spleen finally has real friends. Doc Heller discusses the art of fork throwing with the Raja as the Shoveler li in. The Sphinx sits at the end of the table, silent.
97) 19) text: The others see... that the Sphinx's chair is empty. Raja  spots a crumpled napkin on the table, opens it up, and re
97) 21) text: A silence... Reactions from our heroes as they realize th the Sphinx is gone...