33) 0) text: Our heroes sit at their usual table along with Invisible and a weird looking guy in a greasy, stained yellow super outfit. Across his chest in falling off stick on letters reads "THE SPLEEN", and that's exactly who he is. Furious the Raja, and Shoveler sit as far away from him as possib He is a totally noxious, hyperactive person... and he is  thrilled to be there.
33) 1) dialog: Boy I can't tell you how thrilled I  was when you guys called -- You gonna  eat that pickle? (sucks it in) I've always dreamed of being a member  of the a real superhero team -- and  to have friends -- real friends -- I  mean guys I could live with -- sleep  with -- die with -- eat with...
33) 3) dialog: I love mustard.
33) 6) dialog: Well, when I was a kid I grew up on  Love Canal -- remember that? -- and  my brothers and I used to go swimming  in it -- make Kool-Aid out of it --  stuff like that. Anyway my brothers  all died, but I lived, and I grew  all these like weird organs that  have never been seen in humans before.  So now I can do things like this!
33) 9) dialog: Cool, huh?
33) 10) text: The Spleen inadvertently gives the tiniest little burp, a our three heroes duck out of the way or under the table.
33) 13) dialog: Sorry, sorry.
33) 15) dialog: I tried that once. The cork melted.
33) 21) dialog: Obscene phone calls?
35) 0) text: A small, typical working class backyard. A round, aluminu above ground pool. A Weber grill with burgers on it. Unop packages of hamburger rolls. An old Vic Damon record play on a boom box. The Spleen floats around on a rubber raft the pool.
35) 1) dialog: Come on in! The water's great!
35) 10) text: They go into the house. No one says anything. The Shovele just stares at the burgers on the grill. Vic Damon sings. Furious chugs his beer; he's working himself into a reall morose mood. ON THE SPLEEN, munching on a chlorine tablet.
35) 11) dialog: Hey, these pool mints are delicious!
37) 31) dialog: Twice the Three Stooges!
37) 36) dialog: Girlfriends?
37) 41) dialog: The Six Pistols?
37) 46) dialog: Wait -- I got it!... The Spleen Team.
38) 23) text: Tony and the boys all reach into their coats for their pi but as they yank them out, the Spleen sticks his head out the station wagon, puts his face right up to the open win of the limo and lets loose with a TREMENDOUS BELCH... As the villains choke and gag in the noxious fumes, Miste Furious goes on a DEMOLITION RAMPAGE, working his way aro the limo, punching big dents with his fists, breaking the windows with his head, flattening the tires by kicking th knocking off the rear view mirror with the back of his ha Then he leaps up on top of the limo... While inside the villains gasp for air as big dents are  stomped into the roof above them... ANGLE THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD as Furious leaps down onto t hood, and gazes in at them.
39) 23) text: The Spleen makes weird noises in his sleep.
40) 0) text: as he comes to with a groan and sees... the Bowler and  Invisible Boy tied up and gagged, with the Raja, Shoveler and the Spleen trussed up right next to them. Furious loo up, sees Tony P standing over him.
49) 0) text: Armed Disco Boys guard the front entrance... While on the hillside above Invisible Boy (looking throug binoculars) and the Spleen lie together on their bellies the weeds, keeping the mansion under surveillance.
49) 1) dialog: (in a whisper) Adolescence was the worst -- The  other kids made fun of me, so I'd  spit on them and they'd scatter --  I've never had a girlfriend -- unless  you count that night with my cousin --  She recovered fully though -- We  exchange cards every Christmas --  Well, I send her one, and she sends  it back... (spritzes something  into his mouth, then  offers it to Invisible  Boy) Bug repellent?
49) 6) dialog: (runs after him) Kid!
49) 7) text: As the small convoy drives past, Invisible Boy slips out  from behind some trees, runs after the truck, jumps up an sits on its rear bumper. The Spleen comes running after h and Invisible Boy reaches out, grabs his hand and pulls h up alongside him. Invisible Boy tries the rear gate. It's open. The two of them pull it up just a foot, squirm insi then pull it closed behind them.
55) 0) text: The crate is being carried away by a forklift... A beat, then Invisible Boy and the Spleen slip out of the empty  truck... And run down the road back toward the gates... which are  still open. They're just about to pass safely through them, when a PA OF ARMED SECURITY GUARDS, step in their path, their guns  pointed at thern.
55) 8) text: Invisible Boy and the Spleen turn, hands in the air, and  start up the hill, the guards right behind them.
55) 9) dialog: (after a moment, to  Invisible Boy, in a  whisper) Pinch 'em.
55) 10) text: Invisible Boy pinches his nostrils -- and the Spleen lets out with a horrendous fart. The guards gag and choke viol in the fumes as our heroes turn and run for it... escapin out the gates.
56) 0) text: Invisible Boy and Spleen report to the others.
59) 12) dialog: (hopefully) Maybe it won't work.
59) 37) dialog: With mustard!
64) 0) text: CLOSE ON A TABLE full of food... Eggplant Parmesan, brocc chili... CAMERA PULLS BACK TO REVEAL the Spleen sitting a in the booth, stuffing his face, gassing up for battle.
74) 0) text: The Bowler, Spleen, Invisible Boy, and Doc Heller load up the Herkimer with Heller's weaponry... as Mister Furious  lies sprawled on the hillside... breathing in the night a contemplating a dandelion gone to seed, and listening to sounds of the night. The Raja, Shoveler, and Sphinx, stan nearby, watching, trying to figure out what's wrong with  him. A whippoorwill is heard singing.
77) 4) dialog: Look! Your favorite sunglasses! (snaps them in two)
85) 0) text: A pair of security guards (the same two who got gassed by the Spleen) are on duty, when they see... a strange looki vehicle chugging up the hill straight for them.
92) 29) text: They charge en mass at our heroes... who are waiting for  them... pinching their noses closed, the Spleen bent over their forefront... While Casanova dances around Furious like a cat... Furiou fighting the pain of his bullet wound, lunges at him, and Casanova neatly sidesteps him... The crooks and Disco Boys fall back, gasping, choking in noxious fumes... As Casanova attacks... Advancing shoulder to shoulder, fighting as a team, our h wield machete, fork, shovel, bowling ball, and canned  tornado... forcing the villains back... Casanova comes at Furious relentlessly, kicking and  spinning... and Furious gets the worst of it. Suddenly, a squad of Disco Boys comes charging at our her from the flank... but Doc Heller turns to face them, shri spray held Rambo-style on his hip. He lets them have it,  blasting them with a DENSE BLUE SPRAY... When the spray clears, the D Boys lie squirming on the fl prisoners in their now child sized disco suits...
93) 0) text: Police cars and news vans arrive... as our heroes, batter wounded, but victorious walk proudly down the long stairs Furious and Monica hold each other up. Wounded Invisible has his arm around the Spleen... while policemen and news people run up the stairs past them into the center, ignor them as always... But this time our heroes could care less. They are  superheroes, and they don't give a damn who knows it.
97) 0) text: sitting between the Bowler and a bandaged Invisible Boy. Bowler has her arm chummily around the Spleen's shoulder. The Spleen finally has real friends. Doc Heller discusses the art of fork throwing with the Raja as the Shoveler li in. The Sphinx sits at the end of the table, silent.
97) 13) dialog: (singing, ala "Macho  Man") Mystery, Mystery Man... I want to be  a Mystery Man...