14) 0) text: Captain Amazing abandons his jet pack and moves across th old slate roof like Spiderman, leaping nimbly from gable gable and walking along a high ridge like a tight rope wa Finally he approaches a skylight, looks down and sees... A huge old library with an iron catwalk running around it Casanova Frankenstein sits in a club chair by a roaring f Anabel perches on the arm of his chair. In the other chai sits a once good looking, now paunchy guy, with a meticul coifed haircut. He is TONY POMPADOUR, head of the infamou Disco Boys.
15) 0) text: Casanova and Tony P savor glasses of brandy and puff on b cigars.
15) 10) text: Casanova and Tony P look up and see Captain Amazing, pose noncalantly on the iron catwalk, gazing down at them. Ton jumps out of his chair, scared. But Casanova just smiles his ancient rival, cool as a cucumber.
15) 17) text: Tony P makes a move for his pistol, but Captain Amazing  instantly whips out his pistol, getting the drop on him.
15) 19) text: Tony freezes.
15) 23) text: Nervous reaction from Tony P.
26) 14) text: As our heroes look around as a dozen Disco Boys, armed wi pipes, chains, brass knuckles, step into the light and  encircle them... The French doors open and Tony P steps o
26) 19) text: With a cat-like move Casanova slashes his gold chain vici and repeatedly -- across Furious' face. Furious, stunned  with pain, lunges at Casanova, who neatly steps aside, th catches him with a fast combination of spinning disco kic Finally he lassos the chain around Furious' neck, and pul it tight, strangling him. ON THE DISCO BOYS, watching, snapping their fingers with  admiration... Casanova releases Furious, who slumps to the ground. Casa steps away, and the Disco Boys gather around Furious and  kick him viciously... as Casanova and Tony P watch, amuse chuckling.
38) 5) text: Tony P imitates a massive electrical convulsion, and the  villains crack up. But as they pass the billboard, a pair of headlights  illuminate in its shadows, and the Shoveler's Ford Esquir pulls out and follows.
38) 22) dialog: Waste him!
38) 23) text: Tony and the boys all reach into their coats for their pi but as they yank them out, the Spleen sticks his head out the station wagon, puts his face right up to the open win of the limo and lets loose with a TREMENDOUS BELCH... As the villains choke and gag in the noxious fumes, Miste Furious goes on a DEMOLITION RAMPAGE, working his way aro the limo, punching big dents with his fists, breaking the windows with his head, flattening the tires by kicking th knocking off the rear view mirror with the back of his ha Then he leaps up on top of the limo... While inside the villains gasp for air as big dents are  stomped into the roof above them... ANGLE THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD as Furious leaps down onto t hood, and gazes in at them.
38) 27) text: He tosses the dip stick away, then leaps off JUST AS Tony gets off a shot, EXPLODING the windshield of the limo. Furious lands safely on the hood of the station wagon. As the Shoveler throws the Esquire into gear, Furious shouts
40) 0) text: as he comes to with a groan and sees... the Bowler and  Invisible Boy tied up and gagged, with the Raja, Shoveler and the Spleen trussed up right next to them. Furious loo up, sees Tony P standing over him.
40) 2) text: Furious struggles, but he has been secured with some very heavy tire chains. Tony P takes out a large caliber revol flips it open to make sure it's loaded.
40) 8) text: Invisible Boy closes his eyes... Tony P cocks the pistol. But suddenly, there is the ring of steel -- a broad blade sweeps through the air, and Tony P's pistol is sliced nea in half.
40) 13) text: The Disco Boys rush the newcomer, but he slices through t baseball bats with his machete, and sends them reeling an crashing into each other with expert forearm blows, whack with the flat of his blade, and head butts with his mask. Furious struggles to break free and join the fight, but t chains are too strong... and the stranger doesn't need an help. Tony P flicks open a big switchblade and lunges at the  stranger, who sidesteps him like a matador and swings his machete at him. Tony P turns, about to charge again.
40) 16) text: Tony P feels the top of his head, and realizes that the b from the machete has neatly sliced off the top his disco- leaving only stubble on the top of his head.
40) 18) text: Tony and the Disco Boys run for it... Furious and the others study their masked savior, who sta before them, machete in hand.
58) 0) text: as our heroes step inside and see... A big luncheon is in progress. Casanova, Anabel, and Tony P sit at the head ta The room is lined with banquet tables, which are filled w VICIOUS LOOKING CHARACTERS, drunk, eating, laughing, and  giving the waitresses a very rough tim..
58) 45) text: Tony P chuckles loudly, but the joke goes over like a lea balloon with the rest of the crowd.
88) 0) text: Casanova sits at a security console. Anabel, Tony P, and top crooks stand behind him, listening.
92) 33) text: The Bland Boys look up and see... the Raja, both hands fi with silverware... which he HURLS... A beat later the Bland Boys, bristling with forks and  grapefruit spoons, run screaming through the sculptures.. as Tony P, pistol in hand, skulks out from behind a sculp and spots... the Bowler. Upstairs, Furious goes flying against a wall...
92) 35) text: As Tony P takes a careful bead on the Bowler.
92) 40) text: going straight for Tony P's SCREAMING head... ON THE BOWLER, watching -- as Tony's scream is cut short a gruesome thud. Back upstairs Casanova comes at Furious again... but Furi ducks the kick, pops back up and smashes Casanova with hi good arm... sending him flying across the room... Casanov recovers.