29) 0) text: Moretti, Sheldon, other top cops march fast-time toward t barrier where uniformed cops stand around a limousine tha has drawn up to the barrier.  It is full of white-haired  officials, one of them the COMMISSIONER.  He has a voice  broken by whiskey, cigars, good food and yelling at footb games. DOLLY AT A LOW DRAMATIC ANGLE WITH MORETTI AND ETC. It looks like they may be going into action.  Moretti's  attitude is not that subtly different now he's talking to brass.  Commissioner doesn't get out; he talks through wi The Commissioner's hand, pudgy and freckled with age, cov Moretti's where it rests on the door: he massages Moretti hand fondly.
29) 1) dialog: Gene -- you smilin'?
29) 3) dialog: Whattaya think: we gonna kill any  civilians tonight, Gene?
29) 5) dialog: Gene, Jesus, what a bull he is!
29) 6) text: A lot of comfortable CHUCKLES inside the limo.  The  Commissioner's hand lingers on Moretti's -- they are fond each other, these men, linked in a relationship of a life of shared experience, of attitudes, of maleness -- an  accumulation of years of jokes about being late for dinne of women waiting and women panting with desire, men secur in the bastion of their roles.  What is being passed on h is a purely emotional force of approval and acceptance fr top to bottom of a social institution that is the last to masculine society: police.  The homosexual content of thi should not be lost: it lies in the comfortable fit of the feelings, in the fact, simply, that they love each other, for what they share.
29) 8) dialog: They jet's comin' out.  But don't  let 'em off the ground.
29) 10) dialog: Don't let 'em off the ground.
29) 12) text: He leans down to get close to his commissioner, because h not fooled by the camaraderie into a false sense of secur
29) 14) dialog: (anticipating) If you're right I'm gonna back you a  hundred percent, you know that.
29) 16) text: The Commissioner nods - presses a button and the window g up to keep the air conditioning in and the heat out.