7) 192) text: Sonny turns and looks out through the door.  Sure enough, the window of the barbershop across the street, the dim f of a man on a telephone can be SEEN looking out toward us He wears a hat in spite of the weather and a cigar is cla in his mouth.  He is an old-time, hard-nosed, uneducated, street-wise, sarcastic New York cop, outspoken, rude and  sentimental.  Right now he's a distant silhouette and a v on the telephone.
8) 0) text: Though an open window a fire escape can be seen and beyon it an angle of street and the bank.  Near the window in a corner is a TV set, and on the TV set we are seeing the s of the police helicopter and the Cop yelling on the bullh as seen from the TV copter.  A couple of Elderly Men are  sitting watching the TV set, ignoring the bank, which the can see in the flesh, as it were.  Outside we are HEARING the copters, and on the TV set likewise, and the voice of the Announcer.
8) 2) text: There is a HAMMERING at the door, and the men at the TV s barely have time to look around before several burly Cops wearing flak vests and helmets and carrying sniper rifles with telescopic slights move through the room, ignoring t men.  They move out onto the fire escape, a couple going higher, settling themselves down to aim in their rifles o the front of the bank.  A lot of AD LIB dialogue, but wha we note is the Cops, as a man, take a look at themselves the TV.
9) 0) text: The FRAME is full of cop faces... tough, mesomorphic face with a layer of fat under the skin, increasing as age.  T have the look of cops: alert, curious, weighing.  They ar city cops; they don't have that old-fashioned condemnator expression, there is an element of playfulness in their n the fact is they love their work, which is criminals.  Th is a peculiar delight in ferreting out the criminal impul in everybody, and a matching fury in punishing it -- whic is the action of repressing their own strongly developed  criminal unconscious.  These are tense, funny, violent, a rigidly controlled men. MORETTI is an old-line cop, a lot more relaxed than the  younger men and the cold professionals of the FBI, who as group resemble astronauts, and like them hide (but do not deny) the psychic chaos underneath. Right now they are looking at the sky.  We HEAR a heavy  helicopter track. We feature SHELDON, the silver-haired FBI Agent-in-Charge who looks like an accountant, and Moretti, with hat and c and a face out of Warner Brothers movies of the Forties. spite of Sheldon's age, Moretti plays though he's a smart kid who still needs a little help. Sheldon is getting out of a gray car, wears a gray suit. Three men with him are carbon copies of him at younger ag The three hang around him.  They approach Moretti who loo at them without moving.
9) 5) text: They are moving past Cops on the corner heading toward a  small barbershop across the street from the bank.  We now sense the growing crowd, standing quietly, just staring n yet knowing what's going on.
10) 0) text: A COP is talking on the wall phone as MORETTI, BAKER, etc are trying to get inside.
10) 1) dialog: ...no, just get hold of Al, tell him  to get the catering truck over to  26th and Avenue B, there's a bank  robbery in progress and big crowd.   Big!  Tell him to bring ice cream --  I got to hang up.
10) 2) text: He hangs up and immediately begins thumbing through a POC PHONE BOOK.  Throughout this Cop is engaged in personal  business on the fringe of this affair, and though he's on duty he hardly knows what's happening on the robbery.  He trying to get his brother-in-law with the ice cream truck down here, etc. Moretti has got the crowd cleared back, so that now we SE why this has been chosen as a tactical command post.  Fro here, while talking on the phone, Moretti can see the ban and through the uncurtained door he can even see some dis inside. Moretti picks up the phone.
11) 11) text: A cop passing by presses a portable two-way radio into  Moretti's hand: He accepts it and holds as though he expe it.  The Cop passes the same type of set to certain other officers.  These sets are tuned in to each other, and  throughout the movie, there is a constant background talk these sets.  This is police procedure; the orders are for everyone to talk about everything.  If anyone has a quest has heard a rumor or a sound, whatever, it is immediately responded to, so that there can be the fewest possible  surprises.  Sample dialogue might go: "Did I hear a shot? "Over here, by the bank, there was a report like a gunsho inside."  "Roger, we heard that from the barbershop... it was inside the bank."  "Barbershop, you can see inside?" "Roger, we heard from the barbershop... it was inside the bank."  "Barbershop, you can see inside?"  "Roger, this i the barbershop, we see inside, the perpetrator is moving  toward the rear of the bank."  "Who's that guy walking th the barricade?"  "The blue suit?"  "Yeah."  "Off-duty  Inspector come down to see can you use him."  Etc.  They  really do use the word Perpetrator, Felon, etc.  The Cop  handing out radios makes Moretti sign for it -- which Mor does during the following:
11) 53) text: As Howard is pushed out the door by Sylvia, a cop from a  nearby car rushes up to him and shoves him to a curbside where he bends Howard over the car, putting his hands beh him for handcuffs and starts to frisk him.
11) 63) text: as the cops slowly realize their mistake.  They stand bac from Howard, who is virtually catatonic with fear and sho now.  They get him up, a reluctant to believe they could  have made such a mistake...
11) 80) text: as he looks around, and the impact of his situation reall hits him: he's not only totally surrounded, he's an event Some of the crowd CHEER him.  An army of Cops, and guns a levelled on Sonny.
11) 91) text: Gestures at the cops, the wall of rifles and machine guns levelled on him.  It is incredible and terrifying...
11) 93) text: He takes a defiant step into the street.  The crowd SCREA as they get their first view, which is of Sonny telling t Cops off.  They don't need to hear the words, they can se it.
11) 97) text: He means it.  Moretti gestures to the officers to back aw lower the guns.  The crowd YELLS: Sonny has beat the Cops He is momentarily their hero. It's a breaking point.  Moretti makes a decision.
11) 99) text: He has to YELL it twice before the Cop slowly, angrily, s the gun into his holster. SOUND: The crowd screams.
13) 2) text: He hesitates in the doorway as the two women rush to the which is already on, the station showing live coverage of the bank robbery.  On SCREEN, Sonny can be seen ordering cops around.  Moretti looks furious.
14) 6) text: And she walks through the door past Sonny and into the ba Moretti yells up at the media to get the hell away and at the same time, turns to a nearby cop and gives orders for the air conditioning to be turned off inside the bank. As the crowd realizes what has happened, they APPLAUD and SCREAM.  At the door:
16) 2) text: The Cops lower their weapons.  Moretti comes out on the  sidewalk.  He's eating an ice cream bar, and stands seemi at ease, an island of calm control in a storm of passion  about to be let loose.  The Cops are always about to expl
16) 4) text: Sonny is about to open his mouth when a medium-size dark- haired Man who has been standing among people behind the  barriers puts his head down and runs at astonishing speed right across the street towards Sonny.  He catches everyb so by surprise he is already on Sonny before anyone can d more than start to yell at him to stop.  Sonny, himself,  can't believe it!  He is slammed to the ground and the Ma begins to punch him and beat him viciously.  Cops charge and with great difficulty pull him off. YELLING on the radio network; TV Reporters and the crowd and SCREAMING for blood!
16) 5) text: as Moretti steps in.  Sonny gets up, dazed.  The Man goes kicking and fighting Cops...
19) 0) text: A working class block, dirty, shops in the first floor, t story walk-ups above... Heidi appears and runs up the sto TWO COPS get out of a squad car where they've been staked out and move up to her.  They never really get in a word  edgewise.  They follow her into the hall... Now as we CUT CLOSER to her, we will SEE Heidi's mouth in SYNC with the words...
20) 2) text: She's got her door unlocked.  Below and on the stairs beh the Cops, curious neighbors peer in...
21) 0) text: Chaos out of cut-rate furniture stores.  Full of unwashed glasses, kids' clutter.  Throughout, the children rush ar unchecked.  Neighbors enter without ceremony and listen. The Cops stand, trying vainly to communicate... As they  enter...
24) 0) text: A knot of half a dozen police are working at the door.  T were trying to work tubes under it to pump in gas, others were trying a nylon line to the doorknob, the idea being  that if Sonny came out that way, the moment he began to o the door the cops would yank it open, exposing him comple and gun him down.  The cops SCREAM as the SHOT comes thro the door, showering them with brick fragments.  They scra over cars, over each other, over fences, running into oth cops, who also, not knowing what's happening, turn and fl running into the crowd, which panics.
24) 1) text: on men, women, children, cops, detectives, dogs, cats,  reporters, all in the area of the rear of the bank fleein in waves over fences, cars, etc.  A flood of people like  lemmings.  This is INTERCUT BY:
27) 6) text: As the cops reach for the money, knowing it's bank money, people in the crowd yell:
27) 8) text: Sonny holds up the money.  The crowd cheers.  He throws t wad of bills and it scatters in the air. The WIND is blowing now.  Even some cops join the ensuing melee to gather it up...
27) 9) text: as cops move forward and try to catch the bills.  Some bl into the crowd.  Fights break out in the crowd as they  scramble for the money.  The crowd breaks the barriers an swarms after the cash.  Cops try to retrieve bills; fist  fights, arrests.
29) 0) text: Moretti, Sheldon, other top cops march fast-time toward t barrier where uniformed cops stand around a limousine tha has drawn up to the barrier.  It is full of white-haired  officials, one of them the COMMISSIONER.  He has a voice  broken by whiskey, cigars, good food and yelling at footb games. DOLLY AT A LOW DRAMATIC ANGLE WITH MORETTI AND ETC. It looks like they may be going into action.  Moretti's  attitude is not that subtly different now he's talking to brass.  Commissioner doesn't get out; he talks through wi The Commissioner's hand, pudgy and freckled with age, cov Moretti's where it rests on the door: he massages Moretti hand fondly.
31) 2) text: with Moretti and others as they move to intercept the pol car where it will stop on the corner.  As they stop, we c see Sonny step into the door of the bank, in the distance He is greeted with CHEERS from the crowd.  But is intent the car. We are NOW SHOOTING ACROSS THE CAR, OVER MORETTI'S BACK T THE BANK and Sonny. The DRIVER of the police car gets out, with a huge grin o his face and nods to Moretti.  The back door opens and an cop gets out, also grinning.  They look around toward Son as his wife gets out of the police car, on this side.  Sh is spectacularly good looking in a lithe cruel sort of wa like Lauren Bacall, but right now she is a mess.
32) 10) text: The crowd yelling in increasing waves of SOUND; Moretti a cops pick up Leon and rush him toward the barbershop.
34) 0) text: where Moretti and cops are trying to revive Leon.  A cop the phone turns to Moretti.
34) 2) text: Moretti walks over to phone, takes receiver from cop.
42) 2) text: There's no answer.  Sonny steps out into the street.  He  can't see anything anymore.  The atmosphere is suddenly  chillingly dangerous: the crowd SHOTS "come out of the da and "we can't see from here".  The street seems empty exc for a few threatening silhouettes of heavily-armed cops. Sonny responds with bluster.
50) 5) text: In the rear, Mulvaney slumps into a chair beside Margaret desk.  Sylvia rushes to help him, untying his tie, etc.   Maria runs into the Conference room, hoping to find remai of sugar as Deborah crosses to his desk, looking through drawers for medication.  Jenny simply can't cope with it walks away.
60) 5) text: After a moment the Cops all move back.  Sonny opens the f door and begins to check it out.  The Driver starts to mo away...
61) 10) text: And he turns and walks away. Driver stops, uncertainly.  Cops grab him to hustle him a Sheldon steps forward with a neat twenty-years-younger ca copy of himself...
63) 1) text: as Cops' guns are brought to bear.  On the apartment fire escape the Old Lady is asleep, her puzzle complete.  The  snipers raise their rifles.
63) 19) text: The Driver honks the HORN: they're ready.  The crowd SCRE Cops keep jockeying for position, but there is no way to a shot in.
64) 4) text: Their scared and wan faces swim past in the mob.  Sonny's mother is briefly seen looking out of the barber shop win alone and forgotten.  The Cops stare heavily, sullen with anger. Now the limo is moving faster.  People are running alongs YELLING insults, trying to see in, asking for hand-outs, they are going faster.  Inside, they say nothing.  Up ahe Sheldon's car flashes a red light.  Behind, the police ca does the same.
64) 6) text: A helicopter follows above them.
66) 31) text: They come pouring out of the limo, scrambling frantically away from it.  The limo -- the people fleeing it.  Agents pull people away from the car. Driver and Sheldon and Cops peer into the back.  Sal's bo lies slumped. Driver, Sheldon, other Cops stand about, recovering.  No makes the slightest sort of congratulatory move, it was j another job.  Driver clears his weapon, hands it to Sheld to be filed in case of investigation.