3) 2) dialog: as the ball comes down they scramble and fight for it... A touch of viciousness...
9) 5) text: They are moving past Cops on the corner heading toward a  small barbershop across the street from the bank.  We now sense the growing crowd, standing quietly, just staring n yet knowing what's going on.
10) 2) text: He hangs up and immediately begins thumbing through a POC PHONE BOOK.  Throughout this Cop is engaged in personal  business on the fringe of this affair, and though he's on duty he hardly knows what's happening on the robbery.  He trying to get his brother-in-law with the ice cream truck down here, etc. Moretti has got the crowd cleared back, so that now we SE why this has been chosen as a tactical command post.  Fro here, while talking on the phone, Moretti can see the ban and through the uncurtained door he can even see some dis inside. Moretti picks up the phone.
11) 80) text: as he looks around, and the impact of his situation reall hits him: he's not only totally surrounded, he's an event Some of the crowd CHEER him.  An army of Cops, and guns a levelled on Sonny.
11) 93) text: He takes a defiant step into the street.  The crowd SCREA as they get their first view, which is of Sonny telling t Cops off.  They don't need to hear the words, they can se it.
11) 97) text: He means it.  Moretti gestures to the officers to back aw lower the guns.  The crowd YELLS: Sonny has beat the Cops He is momentarily their hero. It's a breaking point.  Moretti makes a decision.
11) 99) text: He has to YELL it twice before the Cop slowly, angrily, s the gun into his holster. SOUND: The crowd screams.
14) 6) text: And she walks through the door past Sonny and into the ba Moretti yells up at the media to get the hell away and at the same time, turns to a nearby cop and gives orders for the air conditioning to be turned off inside the bank. As the crowd realizes what has happened, they APPLAUD and SCREAM.  At the door:
16) 4) text: Sonny is about to open his mouth when a medium-size dark- haired Man who has been standing among people behind the  barriers puts his head down and runs at astonishing speed right across the street towards Sonny.  He catches everyb so by surprise he is already on Sonny before anyone can d more than start to yell at him to stop.  Sonny, himself,  can't believe it!  He is slammed to the ground and the Ma begins to punch him and beat him viciously.  Cops charge and with great difficulty pull him off. YELLING on the radio network; TV Reporters and the crowd and SCREAMING for blood!
18) 0) text: Out of a subway crowd, she struggles, pulling the two kid by the hand, a very ordinary woman in a most ordinary New York scene...
24) 0) text: A knot of half a dozen police are working at the door.  T were trying to work tubes under it to pump in gas, others were trying a nylon line to the doorknob, the idea being  that if Sonny came out that way, the moment he began to o the door the cops would yank it open, exposing him comple and gun him down.  The cops SCREAM as the SHOT comes thro the door, showering them with brick fragments.  They scra over cars, over each other, over fences, running into oth cops, who also, not knowing what's happening, turn and fl running into the crowd, which panics.
25) 7) text: A few louts in the crowd yell out in imitation:
25) 10) dialog: (echoing) Sonny!
25) 11) text: Moretti shrugs off his irritation and raises the bullhorn one more time: the crowd is ready and SCREAMS in unison a Moretti says: MORETTI &amp; CROWD Sonny!
27) 6) text: As the cops reach for the money, knowing it's bank money, people in the crowd yell:
27) 8) text: Sonny holds up the money.  The crowd cheers.  He throws t wad of bills and it scatters in the air. The WIND is blowing now.  Even some cops join the ensuing melee to gather it up...
27) 9) text: as cops move forward and try to catch the bills.  Some bl into the crowd.  Fights break out in the crowd as they  scramble for the money.  The crowd breaks the barriers an swarms after the cash.  Cops try to retrieve bills; fist  fights, arrests.
31) 0) text: The fire escape with the old lady and her jigsaw puzzle, flak vested snipers, etc.  Below in the street a police c plows through the crowd with red lights flashing but no s or perhaps just a low growl to help move the human sea as People are leaning over trying to see inside.
31) 2) text: with Moretti and others as they move to intercept the pol car where it will stop on the corner.  As they stop, we c see Sonny step into the door of the bank, in the distance He is greeted with CHEERS from the crowd.  But is intent the car. We are NOW SHOOTING ACROSS THE CAR, OVER MORETTI'S BACK T THE BANK and Sonny. The DRIVER of the police car gets out, with a huge grin o his face and nods to Moretti.  The back door opens and an cop gets out, also grinning.  They look around toward Son as his wife gets out of the police car, on this side.  Sh is spectacularly good looking in a lithe cruel sort of wa like Lauren Bacall, but right now she is a mess.
32) 10) text: The crowd yelling in increasing waves of SOUND; Moretti a cops pick up Leon and rush him toward the barbershop.
42) 2) text: There's no answer.  Sonny steps out into the street.  He  can't see anything anymore.  The atmosphere is suddenly  chillingly dangerous: the crowd SHOTS "come out of the da and "we can't see from here".  The street seems empty exc for a few threatening silhouettes of heavily-armed cops. Sonny responds with bluster.
46) 0) text: Sonny crosses to Sheldon, grins, grabs him and executes a very professional-looking pat-down search. He removes Sheldon's .38 from a shoulder holster, produci it for the crowd with a flourish like a magician: some of the old playfulness returns for a moment.  He carefully a with showbiz flourishes searches Sheldon's thighs and gro The crowd HOWLS.  Sheldon bears it with stoic calm.
56) 0) text: hastily made, about 40 feet long, being raised above the  heads of crowd to where Sonny can see it.  We can't read until it's all the way up.  Then is reads: WE LOVE YOU LOVE YOU SONNY
56) 1) text: As the crowd reads it, fist fights break out and it totte and staggers, but the defenders fight bravely... They are ordinary looking people -- not freaks...
58) 0) text: as Sonny walks to his MOTHER.  Baker tactfully moves away leaving the two of them in the center of the floodlighted street.  Again the crowd can be HEARD but not seen; armed police fringe the lights and shadows, in B.G.
60) 0) text: The restless crowd STIRS, sensing something happening.   Turning to see something coming.
63) 6) text: Something that looks like a multi-legged animal emerges. is Sonny and Sal in the center of a tight group of the gi and Mulvaney, so they are completely protected on all sid by hostages.  Over their heads is thrown some drapes from the bank that further prevent the police from drawing a c head on Sonny or Sal without hitting a girl.  In fact the can't be seen at all.  This weird apparition appears,  hesitates.  The crowd YELLS: "SHOOT!"  CHOREOGRAPH THE AC so the group hesitates, takes a step forward, then it's c Sonny can't see well enough to go direct to the car, and girls are uncertain which direction to go in, not having  been briefed.  So they stumble about, make false starts, finally arrive at the car, where one girl gets into the s row of seats behind the Driver.  Then Sonny slides across next to Driver.
63) 19) text: The Driver honks the HORN: they're ready.  The crowd SCRE Cops keep jockeying for position, but there is no way to a shot in.
67) 0) text: Remnants of the crowd of sightseers, being interviewed by men avid for more, more, more news... these are people am the group that held up the big banner earlier: now we see them up CLOSE.  They're folding up their banner.  A very  ordinary-looking YOUNG GUY.