5) 36) text: Sylvia and Edna start to move toward the rear of the bank toward Margaret's desk.
7) 92) text: Howard is unable to move.  Seeing his predicament, Edna m to him and starts to unfasten his belt to remove the keys Mulvaney continues with his phone conversation.
7) 171) dialog: Me, too, please.
15) 31) text: Jenny now edges over and sits on top of Edna's desk.
15) 79) text: Edna exits ladies room as Sonny crosses back to the phone picks it up.
22) 0) text: The group is now situated like this: 1) MULVANEY'S DESK - the TV is on; seated in his chair, f her nails is MIRIAM. Seated to her left, having pulled the chair a patron uses is MARIA, watching TV and listening to her transistor rad against her left ear, at the same time. MULVANEY (at back water cooler - will eventually move bac to his desk, sit down to Miriam's right.) 2) EDNA - is now behind the Tellers' cages, straightening the mess; she picks up the loose money that Sonny had  scattered thru the air, puts them into packets and ties t with rubber bands. 3) SAL - is seated in the rear Conference room, still hol his rifle, feet up on the table. 4) MULVANEY &amp; DEBORAH - at the rear water cooler (fro she will move to see what's wrong with Margaret) 5) MARGARET - seated at her desk, obviously ill, wiping h forehead, head bowed. 6) SYLVIA and JENNY - at far right table, doing a crosswo puzzle. 7) SONNY - pacing back and forth Mulvaney's desk, posing legal puzzle for Maria. Sonny, his gun now lying across the top of Mulvaney's des is pacing back and forth between the desk areas.  He's ta to Maria in particular, but anyone in earshot in general.
23) 9) text: Edna quickly obeys, moving quickly to the rest of the gro
26) 5) text: He now walks behind Tellers' cages and picks up some of t decoy money that Edna had started to clean up and re-stac Mulvaney walks over to him.
33) 0) text: as Sonny comes running in.  Sylvia is now showing off her new-found expertise with a cigarette to Miriam, Jenny and Deborah, seated around Edna's desk.  (Deborah is talking the phone.)  Meanwhile, Edna is back in the Conference Ro with Mulvaney; Margaret is seated at her desk, speaking o the phone; Maria, speaking on phone, is seated at Mulvane desk - where television is still on. Sonny, wanting to use a phone, realizes that all are in u rushes to a desk at the front of the bank.  Sal follows h there.  Sonny grabs a phone.
37) 5) text: During the speech, Sylvia and her group wander toward  Mulvaney's desk to listen, as Edna wanders down from the  Conference Room, crosses to the set and turns up the volu
40) 0) text: Sonny paces back and forth (with ad-lib dialogue to group Margaret, seated at her desk, has feet up on another chai while Jenny sits on top of her desk.  Mulvaney is back at water cooler, starting to feel very ill.  Miriam and Debo are seated at Mulvaney's desk.  Edna is seated at her des while Sylvia sits on top of desk, talking on phone. Suddenly, the lights go out, leaving only emergency light on (4 in the main area and 2 at back door area).  Sylvia  immediately moves over toward the vault area and turns on hand lamps.
55) 0) text: Sonny hangs up, walks back toward rear of bank and picks receiver again on Edna's desk.
55) 31) text: Heidi goes on and on, but Sonny just drops the phone on t hook.  As he walks toward the rear of the bank, Sylvia, s atop Margaret's desk, gets off and follows Sonny toward t Conference room.  At the same time, Edna is lifting Marga feet up onto a chair and Jenny and Deborah start to walk  toward the Conference room, too.  Maria paces back and fo transistor to her ear. Sonny walks into the Conference room.  The doctor is thro examining Mulvaney.  Miriam is seated across the table fr him.
55) 46) text: Maria and Miriam dance to transistor's music.  Edna walks into Conference Room to tidy up.  Sal is still sitting th Deborah tries to comfort Jenny.
57) 34) text: Embarrassed, he walks toward the rest of group in the rea stands by Edna's desk.
57) 41) dialog: What?
57) 43) text: Edna crosses to her desk - disgusted - and starts to tidy up. The giggle catches the edge of their panic and anxiety an sweeps them into uncontrollable giggles and laughter: Son roars.  Sal and Edna alone remain unsmiling.  After a few seconds they force themselves to stop, to behave like the should under the circumstances.  They are gasping and cry Then...
57) 45) dialog: Well, I'm a Christian, and my ears  are not garbage cans.
59) 7) text: She leaves Tellers' Cages area, crosses to Sonny, grabbin pen from Edna's desk on the way.  Sonny's urgent mood rea them.  Sylvia gets note pad from Mulvaney.  Takes the  dictation...
62) 0) text: Sylvia is finishing her typing.  The girls and Mulvaney a slowly getting ready.  Deborah is getting her purse out o Margaret's desk drawer; Margaret gathering her own purse, books, etc.; Jenny is getting her purse from Edna's desk Edna gathers up her belongings; Mulvaney is seated at his desk; Miriam is at her desk, by the front door. Sal stands with his gun ready.  [As Sonny enters and take up his gun, Sal carefully and methodically begins to redr himself, comb his rumpled hair, knotting his tie carefull
63) 11) text: Maria gets in the rear-most row of seats.  Sal next to he in the middle and then another girl.  One woman, Edna, a  plain middle-aged woman who has not said a word until now left over.  She stands by the side of the limo as the doo close and this phase of the operation ends, without misha
63) 14) text: Edna pecks out dry little kisses to the nearest girls.
63) 15) text: as Edna pecks... goodbye.