5) 0) text: A slightly seedy little branch bank, old yellow brick, bl varnished wood, a rubber plant, an American flag.  Throug the windows we SEE HOWARD, the aged black bank guard, in  uniform, taking down the American flag from outside.  Pas him comes Sal carrying an attache case.  He passes Howard coming toward us through the door into the bank.  As he p
5) 5) dialog: as he pulls out the keys, attached to the belt of his uni Jackie approaches the door of the bank and stops, neither nor out, as though he can't make up his mind.  Howard wat him, waiting patiently, keys in hand, folded flag under h arm.
5) 8) dialog: Closing time; you want in or out?
5) 9) text: Jackie steps in and as Howard locks the door to prevent m customers from entering, Jackie walks toward Sonny, filli out a slip at the left-hand area.  CAMERA FOLLOWS Jackie. He stops at deposit-slips desk, next to Sonny.
5) 29) dialog: straightens up from locking the door; the figure of the L and the Baby can be seen receding outside...
5) 45) text: Sonny yells out at frozen Howard.
5) 48) text: Sonny sees that Howard is useless, so he runs to Howard,  grabbing the keys from him and pulls Howard along with hi to the front door.  Jackie unlocks the door, and Jackie,  with a last apologetic glance, gives his gun to Sonny and vanishes into the sweltering afternoon.  Sonny then frisk Howard and has a sudden afterthought as he locks the door again.  He quickly unlocks it and shouts out at Jackie.
7) 0) text: Sonny, re-entering the bank, speaks to Howard.
7) 4) text: JENNY, a young, frightened girl, peeks out from under the desk, obviously afraid to reveal herself. Sonny starts to move toward the front of the bank.  Sal t so he can cover everyone.  Sonny turns to order Howard.
7) 6) text: Howard doesn't move.
7) 8) text: Howard belatedly leaps to work, pulling drapes that scree off the interior from outside.  The door has no drapes or blinds and thus when the drapes are closed there is a cor of space across the street we will always be able to see. And from which people outside will always be able to see As Howard finishes the task, he then walks back to the hu group on the rear.
7) 86) dialog: (gasping for breath) Huh?
7) 88) dialog: Huh?
7) 89) dialog: The old man is panicked, great patches  of sweat spreading around his armpits.   He breathes in asthmatic gasps; now  he flinches at his name, as though  he's been hit.
7) 92) text: Howard is unable to move.  Seeing his predicament, Edna m to him and starts to unfasten his belt to remove the keys Mulvaney continues with his phone conversation.
7) 95) text: As Sonny approaches Howard, he realizes that he can't get close enough.
7) 97) text: Howard gives him the keys and as Sonny starts to walk bac toward the burning register...
7) 124) dialog: who is useless.
7) 160) text: As Sal starts to herd them into the vault (Sylvia helping Howard, still with the cup of water), Mulvaney is still o the phone.  Sonny moves down to get the money bag atop th teller's cages and we hear Mulvaney on phone.
7) 165) text: Sylvia, helping Howard, is the last to go through the gat As Sonny is about to lock the gate, she turns to him.
7) 272) text: Sonny now turns toward Mulvaney.  Howard lies down, head jacket, in the vault.
7) 276) text: Sal takes a position where he can cover the door and also the girls and Howard.
11) 45) text: Sylvia takes Howard by the arms and starts to lead him to the front door.  Sal watches as they move toward front do
11) 47) text: Sonny moves with them toward the front door, his gun aime at them during the walk. Finally they arrive, and Howard moves toward the door by  himself.  But the door is obviously locked.
11) 51) text: Sonny covers Sylvia as she moves to unlock the front door for Howard.
11) 53) text: As Howard is pushed out the door by Sylvia, a cop from a  nearby car rushes up to him and shoves him to a curbside where he bends Howard over the car, putting his hands beh him for handcuffs and starts to frisk him.
11) 60) dialog: as Moretti reaches him.  He pulls the cop away from him a starts to give him hell for the rough treatment being giv the guard.
11) 63) text: as the cops slowly realize their mistake.  They stand bac from Howard, who is virtually catatonic with fear and sho now.  They get him up, a reluctant to believe they could  have made such a mistake...
15) 3) text: Sonny makes reassuring gesture to let him know Howard is  safe.