7) 4) text: JENNY, a young, frightened girl, peeks out from under the desk, obviously afraid to reveal herself. Sonny starts to move toward the front of the bank.  Sal t so he can cover everyone.  Sonny turns to order Howard.
7) 163) dialog: (from inside vault  area) You won't close the vault?  How can  we breathe?
7) 219) text: Jenny starts to move toward Sonny.
7) 220) dialog: What do I say?
7) 232) text: At this moment, Jenny, phone in hand, is turned to him,  respectfully like a child in an authoritarian household,  addressing her father:
7) 233) dialog: He wants to know what time you think  you'll be through.
7) 239) text: Sonny disappears toward the back door.  Jenny continues h phone conversation.
7) 241) dialog: He says he doesn't know.  Why don't  you cook whatever's there?
7) 243) dialog: Honey, send out for Kentucky fried  chicken.  The baby, just open a bottle  of prunes, and one of the beef.  The  bottles are in the fridge.
7) 246) dialog: (with the baby on her  mind) What guns?
7) 248) dialog: Yeah.  A lot of guns.
7) 250) dialog: Oh, yeah, I will...
7) 253) dialog: Hon?  I got to go.
7) 255) text: Jenny hesitates.  Everyone is looking at her.  They look  away, as though to give her privacy.
7) 256) dialog: Yeah.  Well, I got to go now...
7) 259) dialog: (past embarrassment) I love you.
15) 31) text: Jenny now edges over and sits on top of Edna's desk.
22) 0) text: The group is now situated like this: 1) MULVANEY'S DESK - the TV is on; seated in his chair, f her nails is MIRIAM. Seated to her left, having pulled the chair a patron uses is MARIA, watching TV and listening to her transistor rad against her left ear, at the same time. MULVANEY (at back water cooler - will eventually move bac to his desk, sit down to Miriam's right.) 2) EDNA - is now behind the Tellers' cages, straightening the mess; she picks up the loose money that Sonny had  scattered thru the air, puts them into packets and ties t with rubber bands. 3) SAL - is seated in the rear Conference room, still hol his rifle, feet up on the table. 4) MULVANEY &amp; DEBORAH - at the rear water cooler (fro she will move to see what's wrong with Margaret) 5) MARGARET - seated at her desk, obviously ill, wiping h forehead, head bowed. 6) SYLVIA and JENNY - at far right table, doing a crosswo puzzle. 7) SONNY - pacing back and forth Mulvaney's desk, posing legal puzzle for Maria. Sonny, his gun now lying across the top of Mulvaney's des is pacing back and forth between the desk areas.  He's ta to Maria in particular, but anyone in earshot in general.
30) 0) text: as we hear Jenny on the phone with her husband.  Sonny is doing the manual of arms with his rifle.
30) 1) dialog: ...well, just pick him up and hold  him.  No, he's not spoiled, he's  just got to settle his stomach after  eating.  He's used to me feeding me,  that's all.
33) 0) text: as Sonny comes running in.  Sylvia is now showing off her new-found expertise with a cigarette to Miriam, Jenny and Deborah, seated around Edna's desk.  (Deborah is talking the phone.)  Meanwhile, Edna is back in the Conference Ro with Mulvaney; Margaret is seated at her desk, speaking o the phone; Maria, speaking on phone, is seated at Mulvane desk - where television is still on. Sonny, wanting to use a phone, realizes that all are in u rushes to a desk at the front of the bank.  Sal follows h there.  Sonny grabs a phone.
40) 0) text: Sonny paces back and forth (with ad-lib dialogue to group Margaret, seated at her desk, has feet up on another chai while Jenny sits on top of her desk.  Mulvaney is back at water cooler, starting to feel very ill.  Miriam and Debo are seated at Mulvaney's desk.  Edna is seated at her des while Sylvia sits on top of desk, talking on phone. Suddenly, the lights go out, leaving only emergency light on (4 in the main area and 2 at back door area).  Sylvia  immediately moves over toward the vault area and turns on hand lamps.
50) 5) text: In the rear, Mulvaney slumps into a chair beside Margaret desk.  Sylvia rushes to help him, untying his tie, etc.   Maria runs into the Conference room, hoping to find remai of sugar as Deborah crosses to his desk, looking through drawers for medication.  Jenny simply can't cope with it walks away.
55) 31) text: Heidi goes on and on, but Sonny just drops the phone on t hook.  As he walks toward the rear of the bank, Sylvia, s atop Margaret's desk, gets off and follows Sonny toward t Conference room.  At the same time, Edna is lifting Marga feet up onto a chair and Jenny and Deborah start to walk  toward the Conference room, too.  Maria paces back and fo transistor to her ear. Sonny walks into the Conference room.  The doctor is thro examining Mulvaney.  Miriam is seated across the table fr him.
55) 46) text: Maria and Miriam dance to transistor's music.  Edna walks into Conference Room to tidy up.  Sal is still sitting th Deborah tries to comfort Jenny.
57) 39) dialog: He said the 'F' word.
57) 42) dialog: The 'F' word.  He did.  He said the  'F' word.
62) 0) text: Sylvia is finishing her typing.  The girls and Mulvaney a slowly getting ready.  Deborah is getting her purse out o Margaret's desk drawer; Margaret gathering her own purse, books, etc.; Jenny is getting her purse from Edna's desk Edna gathers up her belongings; Mulvaney is seated at his desk; Miriam is at her desk, by the front door. Sal stands with his gun ready.  [As Sonny enters and take up his gun, Sal carefully and methodically begins to redr himself, comb his rumpled hair, knotting his tie carefull