7) 180) text: Maria is about to protest, but Sylvia grabs her and start to hustle her out.
22) 0) text: The group is now situated like this: 1) MULVANEY'S DESK - the TV is on; seated in his chair, f her nails is MIRIAM. Seated to her left, having pulled the chair a patron uses is MARIA, watching TV and listening to her transistor rad against her left ear, at the same time. MULVANEY (at back water cooler - will eventually move bac to his desk, sit down to Miriam's right.) 2) EDNA - is now behind the Tellers' cages, straightening the mess; she picks up the loose money that Sonny had  scattered thru the air, puts them into packets and ties t with rubber bands. 3) SAL - is seated in the rear Conference room, still hol his rifle, feet up on the table. 4) MULVANEY &amp; DEBORAH - at the rear water cooler (fro she will move to see what's wrong with Margaret) 5) MARGARET - seated at her desk, obviously ill, wiping h forehead, head bowed. 6) SYLVIA and JENNY - at far right table, doing a crosswo puzzle. 7) SONNY - pacing back and forth Mulvaney's desk, posing legal puzzle for Maria. Sonny, his gun now lying across the top of Mulvaney's des is pacing back and forth between the desk areas.  He's ta to Maria in particular, but anyone in earshot in general.
22) 2) dialog: You would... you told me to do it.
30) 5) text: Maria walks over to her, offering her one, then remembers
30) 6) dialog: Sylvia, you don't smoke.
30) 14) text: Maria starts to hand one to her.
30) 29) text: Sylvia grabs the cigarette from Maria.
33) 0) text: as Sonny comes running in.  Sylvia is now showing off her new-found expertise with a cigarette to Miriam, Jenny and Deborah, seated around Edna's desk.  (Deborah is talking the phone.)  Meanwhile, Edna is back in the Conference Ro with Mulvaney; Margaret is seated at her desk, speaking o the phone; Maria, speaking on phone, is seated at Mulvane desk - where television is still on. Sonny, wanting to use a phone, realizes that all are in u rushes to a desk at the front of the bank.  Sal follows h there.  Sonny grabs a phone.
50) 5) text: In the rear, Mulvaney slumps into a chair beside Margaret desk.  Sylvia rushes to help him, untying his tie, etc.   Maria runs into the Conference room, hoping to find remai of sugar as Deborah crosses to his desk, looking through drawers for medication.  Jenny simply can't cope with it walks away.
55) 31) text: Heidi goes on and on, but Sonny just drops the phone on t hook.  As he walks toward the rear of the bank, Sylvia, s atop Margaret's desk, gets off and follows Sonny toward t Conference room.  At the same time, Edna is lifting Marga feet up onto a chair and Jenny and Deborah start to walk  toward the Conference room, too.  Maria paces back and fo transistor to her ear. Sonny walks into the Conference room.  The doctor is thro examining Mulvaney.  Miriam is seated across the table fr him.
55) 46) text: Maria and Miriam dance to transistor's music.  Edna walks into Conference Room to tidy up.  Sal is still sitting th Deborah tries to comfort Jenny.
63) 11) text: Maria gets in the rear-most row of seats.  Sal next to he in the middle and then another girl.  One woman, Edna, a  plain middle-aged woman who has not said a word until now left over.  She stands by the side of the limo as the doo close and this phase of the operation ends, without misha
66) 14) text: They open the door.  They urge her out, and Maria goes wi a show of reluctance.
66) 16) dialog: I pray for your safety... (meaning Sonny and  Sal) ...Sal?  Because I know it's your  first plane trip.  Don't be scared,  you know? (gives him her rosary)
66) 17) text: And Maria walks away.  Now the plane has taxied into posi where it can be seen in floodlights.  It looks big and  impressive.  We know the FBI has snipers ringing it.