7) 13) text: MIRIAM, a young, awkward, overweight Jewish girl, chewing gum with nervous machine-like rapidity, moving toward the vault.  The gate is closed, and she holds one key and Mul the other.  They pass Sal, who now holds the others in th bank under his gun while at the vault gate.
7) 25) text: as Mulvaney carefully uses the safe key to unlock the gat Miriam is crying as she unlocks her side.  The gate swing open.  Sonny shoves Mulvaney inside and, as he passes Mir notices her tears. She just stands there staring into his face like a hypnot chicken, the tears streaming down her face. Sonny stops, staring at her.  Mulvaney, starting to open gate, moves inside the vault, impatient...
7) 27) text: Miriam hesitates.
7) 30) dialog: There isn't any money...
7) 32) dialog: They picked it up this afternoon...
7) 34) dialog: There's only about four thousand in  singles, and maybe a few hundred in  larger bills... he's going to kill  us!
7) 40) text: At this, Sonny pulls out a plastic bag from his pocket, h it to Miriam, who opens it and puts the money into it.  A he turns, we see that Miriam is still staring at him,  terrified, and as his rifle swings around, she reels back with a little screech of terror...
7) 47) text: Miriam follows Sonny to teller's cages gate.  He carries bag.
7) 52) text: Miriam crosses to gate, presses the necessary button and gate opens from them.  Sonny watches this carefully, noti where the buzzer button is.  He crosses in front of the d at the first cage.  He tries to open the drawer. It's obviously locked.
7) 65) text: Again, the same procedure begins.  Sylvia unlocks the cas drawer and Sonny starts to scoop it out and put it into t opened plastic bag that Miriam holds.
7) 80) text: They cross toward the last drawer area (#5).  Miriam is s crying silently.  Sonny holds out the plastic bag for the checks for her.  She drops it.
7) 162) text: The girls are afraid; Miriam unlocks the gate as Sonny us Mulvaney's keys to the matching lock.
22) 0) text: The group is now situated like this: 1) MULVANEY'S DESK - the TV is on; seated in his chair, f her nails is MIRIAM. Seated to her left, having pulled the chair a patron uses is MARIA, watching TV and listening to her transistor rad against her left ear, at the same time. MULVANEY (at back water cooler - will eventually move bac to his desk, sit down to Miriam's right.) 2) EDNA - is now behind the Tellers' cages, straightening the mess; she picks up the loose money that Sonny had  scattered thru the air, puts them into packets and ties t with rubber bands. 3) SAL - is seated in the rear Conference room, still hol his rifle, feet up on the table. 4) MULVANEY &amp; DEBORAH - at the rear water cooler (fro she will move to see what's wrong with Margaret) 5) MARGARET - seated at her desk, obviously ill, wiping h forehead, head bowed. 6) SYLVIA and JENNY - at far right table, doing a crosswo puzzle. 7) SONNY - pacing back and forth Mulvaney's desk, posing legal puzzle for Maria. Sonny, his gun now lying across the top of Mulvaney's des is pacing back and forth between the desk areas.  He's ta to Maria in particular, but anyone in earshot in general.
22) 4) dialog: (joining in) But you told her to.
30) 2) text: At one point, Sonny starts to show Miriam how to hold the gun and in mock seriousness, she tries to do the manual o arms.
33) 0) text: as Sonny comes running in.  Sylvia is now showing off her new-found expertise with a cigarette to Miriam, Jenny and Deborah, seated around Edna's desk.  (Deborah is talking the phone.)  Meanwhile, Edna is back in the Conference Ro with Mulvaney; Margaret is seated at her desk, speaking o the phone; Maria, speaking on phone, is seated at Mulvane desk - where television is still on. Sonny, wanting to use a phone, realizes that all are in u rushes to a desk at the front of the bank.  Sal follows h there.  Sonny grabs a phone.
40) 0) text: Sonny paces back and forth (with ad-lib dialogue to group Margaret, seated at her desk, has feet up on another chai while Jenny sits on top of her desk.  Mulvaney is back at water cooler, starting to feel very ill.  Miriam and Debo are seated at Mulvaney's desk.  Edna is seated at her des while Sylvia sits on top of desk, talking on phone. Suddenly, the lights go out, leaving only emergency light on (4 in the main area and 2 at back door area).  Sylvia  immediately moves over toward the vault area and turns on hand lamps.
55) 31) text: Heidi goes on and on, but Sonny just drops the phone on t hook.  As he walks toward the rear of the bank, Sylvia, s atop Margaret's desk, gets off and follows Sonny toward t Conference room.  At the same time, Edna is lifting Marga feet up onto a chair and Jenny and Deborah start to walk  toward the Conference room, too.  Maria paces back and fo transistor to her ear. Sonny walks into the Conference room.  The doctor is thro examining Mulvaney.  Miriam is seated across the table fr him.
55) 46) text: Maria and Miriam dance to transistor's music.  Edna walks into Conference Room to tidy up.  Sal is still sitting th Deborah tries to comfort Jenny.
62) 0) text: Sylvia is finishing her typing.  The girls and Mulvaney a slowly getting ready.  Deborah is getting her purse out o Margaret's desk drawer; Margaret gathering her own purse, books, etc.; Jenny is getting her purse from Edna's desk Edna gathers up her belongings; Mulvaney is seated at his desk; Miriam is at her desk, by the front door. Sal stands with his gun ready.  [As Sonny enters and take up his gun, Sal carefully and methodically begins to redr himself, comb his rumpled hair, knotting his tie carefull