7) 188) dialog: What are you doin' in there?
7) 190) dialog: This is Detective Sergeant Moretti,  asshole, we got you completely by  the balls.  You don't believe me,  I'm lookin' you right in the eye. Right now, I can see you...
7) 194) dialog: Okay?  Let's be reasonable and not  stupid and not get anybody hurt. You come to the front door with hands  folded on your head, unnastand?   Nobody's gonna shoot or...
7) 224) dialog: Listen, first off, is anybody hurt  in there?
9) 0) text: The FRAME is full of cop faces... tough, mesomorphic face with a layer of fat under the skin, increasing as age.  T have the look of cops: alert, curious, weighing.  They ar city cops; they don't have that old-fashioned condemnator expression, there is an element of playfulness in their n the fact is they love their work, which is criminals.  Th is a peculiar delight in ferreting out the criminal impul in everybody, and a matching fury in punishing it -- whic is the action of repressing their own strongly developed  criminal unconscious.  These are tense, funny, violent, a rigidly controlled men. MORETTI is an old-line cop, a lot more relaxed than the  younger men and the cold professionals of the FBI, who as group resemble astronauts, and like them hide (but do not deny) the psychic chaos underneath. Right now they are looking at the sky.  We HEAR a heavy  helicopter track. We feature SHELDON, the silver-haired FBI Agent-in-Charge who looks like an accountant, and Moretti, with hat and c and a face out of Warner Brothers movies of the Forties. spite of Sheldon's age, Moretti plays though he's a smart kid who still needs a little help. Sheldon is getting out of a gray car, wears a gray suit. Three men with him are carbon copies of him at younger ag The three hang around him.  They approach Moretti who loo at them without moving.
9) 1) dialog: (to no one) Here comes the FBI. (to Sheldon) You men lookin' for protection?  We  got all the police right here.
9) 3) text: Moretti looks at him, cheerfully sarcastic.
9) 4) dialog: I made an error in judgment.  I  thought the sons of bitches would be  overwhelmed with remorse at the sight  of a police officer.  And you know  somethin'?  Nobody has said hostage  yet.  Unnastan?
9) 6) text: From down the street come a group of odd-looking men in s carrying all kinds of electric junk: The NEW REPORTERS.   They run heavily, sweating martinis and cigarette smoke.. they run up to Moretti and Sheldon, who walk along, tryin not to catch an eye. MOVING SHOT - MORETTI AND SHELDON AMONG NEWSMEN.
9) 8) dialog: No, we don't know that yet.  This  young fella without the hat is FBI.   I'm Detective Sergeant Eugene Moretti  ... M-O-R-E-double-T-I.  Eugene.  I  don't give a shit, but my wife cries  if you spell it wrong.
9) 9) text: They have arrived at the barber shop where Moretti fights his way inside.
10) 0) text: A COP is talking on the wall phone as MORETTI, BAKER, etc are trying to get inside.
10) 2) text: He hangs up and immediately begins thumbing through a POC PHONE BOOK.  Throughout this Cop is engaged in personal  business on the fringe of this affair, and though he's on duty he hardly knows what's happening on the robbery.  He trying to get his brother-in-law with the ice cream truck down here, etc. Moretti has got the crowd cleared back, so that now we SE why this has been chosen as a tactical command post.  Fro here, while talking on the phone, Moretti can see the ban and through the uncurtained door he can even see some dis inside. Moretti picks up the phone.
10) 3) dialog: (to phone cop) You get the phone company?
10) 5) text: Moretti is already dialing.  The phone is answered.
11) 0) text: (Re Moretti's 3rd conversation on phone with Sonny.) The group inside the bank have now been waiting approxima twelve minutes since anything last happened.  Sonny is se at Mulvaney's desk, all the phones off the hooks. The rest of the group is huddled around the vault area wh Sal is keeping his eye on them. Suddenly, Sonny jumps up and puts all the receivers back the hooks, crossing back to sit at Mulvaney's desk again. PHONE STARTS TO RING and Sonny picks it up.
11) 1) dialog: Okay, you're in there and we're out  here.  What do we do now?
11) 3) dialog: Awright, but I wanna talk to you. First off, we wanna know if the people  in the bank are okay.
11) 5) dialog: You alone, or you got confederates?
11) 7) dialog: How many you got in there?
11) 9) dialog: Sal?  What's that for?  Salvatore?
11) 11) text: A cop passing by presses a portable two-way radio into  Moretti's hand: He accepts it and holds as though he expe it.  The Cop passes the same type of set to certain other officers.  These sets are tuned in to each other, and  throughout the movie, there is a constant background talk these sets.  This is police procedure; the orders are for everyone to talk about everything.  If anyone has a quest has heard a rumor or a sound, whatever, it is immediately responded to, so that there can be the fewest possible  surprises.  Sample dialogue might go: "Did I hear a shot? "Over here, by the bank, there was a report like a gunsho inside."  "Roger, we heard that from the barbershop... it was inside the bank."  "Barbershop, you can see inside?" "Roger, we heard from the barbershop... it was inside the bank."  "Barbershop, you can see inside?"  "Roger, this i the barbershop, we see inside, the perpetrator is moving  toward the rear of the bank."  "Who's that guy walking th the barricade?"  "The blue suit?"  "Yeah."  "Off-duty  Inspector come down to see can you use him."  Etc.  They  really do use the word Perpetrator, Felon, etc.  The Cop  handing out radios makes Moretti sign for it -- which Mor does during the following:
11) 12) dialog: Right -- got ya.  Okay, so there's  you -- what's your name?
11) 14) dialog: Give me a name, any name, just so I  got somethin' to call you.
11) 16) dialog: Sonny-boy, one word?
11) 18) dialog: Listen, Sonny... can I call you Sonny  for short?
11) 20) dialog: Okay, Sonny, I want to see if the  people in the bank are okay, then  what I want to do is work out a way  to get them out of there.  I want to  come over there, without a gun...  and you can frisk me.  So you can  see you can trust me.  So we can  talk and find a way outta this mess.
11) 22) dialog: You frisk me.
11) 24) dialog: I'd like just some sign I can trust  you too, Sonny.  I don't want to  trust my body out where you could  just shoot me.  Some sight... right?
11) 26) dialog: How about letting the people out of  the bank.  Why put them in this  position?
11) 28) dialog: Okay, give us the women.
11) 30) dialog: You're all one way!  I'm bein'  reasonable with you; give me  somethin'... Give me one of them,  anyway... Just one...
11) 56) dialog: Don't fire!
11) 67) dialog: to Cops.
11) 68) dialog: Get him outta here!
11) 71) dialog: Sonny - come out here a minute.
11) 74) dialog: Come on.  I want you to see something.
11) 76) dialog: I don't forget about Sal and the  boom boom room.  I want you to see  this.
11) 77) text: Sonny turns back to tell Sal he's going outside.  Moretti stands well out in the street, to reassure Sonny nobody i going to try to jump him.  Sonny stares around; he nudges Sylvia out ahead of him.  As they edge into sight of the  Media across the street:
11) 81) dialog: Let Sal come out, take a look.  What  hope you got?  Quit while you're  ahead.  All you got is attempted  robbery.
11) 83) dialog: Well, armed, then.  Nobody's been  hurt.  Release the hostages, nobody  is gonna worry over kidnapping  charges, the worst you're gonna get  is five years -- you can be out in a  year.
11) 86) text: Moretti stops, stares back.
11) 87) dialog: What?
11) 89) dialog: Calm down, you're not...
11) 97) text: He means it.  Moretti gestures to the officers to back aw lower the guns.  The crowd YELLS: Sonny has beat the Cops He is momentarily their hero. It's a breaking point.  Moretti makes a decision.
11) 98) dialog: (Cop language command  to put gun away) All right - put the guns down!
13) 2) text: He hesitates in the doorway as the two women rush to the which is already on, the station showing live coverage of the bank robbery.  On SCREEN, Sonny can be seen ordering cops around.  Moretti looks furious.
14) 6) text: And she walks through the door past Sonny and into the ba Moretti yells up at the media to get the hell away and at the same time, turns to a nearby cop and gives orders for the air conditioning to be turned off inside the bank. As the crowd realizes what has happened, they APPLAUD and SCREAM.  At the door:
16) 2) text: The Cops lower their weapons.  Moretti comes out on the  sidewalk.  He's eating an ice cream bar, and stands seemi at ease, an island of calm control in a storm of passion  about to be let loose.  The Cops are always about to expl
16) 3) dialog: Sonny, ya want somethin'?
16) 5) text: as Moretti steps in.  Sonny gets up, dazed.  The Man goes kicking and fighting Cops...
16) 6) dialog: Who the hell is that?
16) 8) dialog: (to Maria's boy friend) Hey!  What the fuck you tryin' to  do?  You don't think the whole police  department can do the job?
16) 10) dialog: Jesus, the Spanish!  You gotta do it  yourself, right?  Eye for an eye!   Go wan get outa here, we'll take  care of her. (turns to Sonny) You okay, Sonny?  Boy, he hung a  couple good ones on you there!
16) 14) text: He turns back to face Moretti, Sylvia, Mulvaney.
16) 16) dialog: It's okay, you got a lot of  protection.
16) 19) dialog: I don't know, Sonny.  I don't know  if the helicopters can land in here. I'll have to check it out.  I got  superiors, unnerstan?  They don't  always see eye to eye with me.  I'll  do what I can.
16) 20) text: Sonny looks him in the eye.  Suddenly he makes kissing mo and sounds with his lips.  We know what he's referring to he thinks Moretti's trying to fuck him over.
16) 21) dialog: (continuing) Sonny, be reasonable!
16) 23) dialog: Okay, what do you give me?
16) 25) dialog: The girl hostages.
16) 27) dialog: (kiss) I'll see what they'll do.
16) 29) dialog: Okay, you pick out who you're gonna  give us.  Where's your wife?
25) 6) dialog: (on bullhorn) Sonny!
25) 9) dialog: Sonny!
25) 11) text: Moretti shrugs off his irritation and raises the bullhorn one more time: the crowd is ready and SCREAMS in unison a Moretti says: MORETTI &amp; CROWD Sonny!
25) 12) text: You could hear it for a half a mile! Sonny starts to yell at Moretti.
25) 14) dialog: Sonny, come on out!
25) 19) dialog: They were...
25) 21) dialog: No, I'm not tryin' to fuck you.
25) 23) dialog: I swear to God I had nothing to do  with it...
25) 25) dialog: Wait a minute... everything you asked  for is on the way...
25) 27) dialog: Is on its way... The helicopter can't  land but we got a bus... the jet's  on its way to Kennedy... we got a  bus coming here...
25) 29) dialog: Sonny, your wife's on the way...  We  reached her... your wife's on the  way... everything you asked for, you  got.
25) 31) dialog: It can't happen again... I'll do  everything I can to stop anything I  can...
25) 33) dialog: Can't land... you'd kill people...
25) 35) dialog: I'm not... I'm not... you're gettin'  a bus... you're gettin' a bus... the  jet's comin' into Kennedy... and  your wife's on the way... what else  do you need?  What else can I get  you?  Listen, I don't know how you  can do better...  see that man over  there... the FBI guy...
25) 37) dialog: There won't be... there won't be...  What else do you need?  How else can  we help you?
25) 39) dialog: What else?
25) 41) dialog: Aspirins... okay you got it. (turns behind him to  a near-by cop) Charlie!  Six pizzas!
27) 10) dialog: staring at the mess. Sonny also watching the people. There is in both of them the same reaction of faint disgu at the greed unleashed.  Sonny angrily hurls another bund after the first... then laughs as he watches the people  fighting. Moretti nods ironically at him.  Sonny turns and enters t bank with the food.  The fighting goes on in the street.
29) 0) text: Moretti, Sheldon, other top cops march fast-time toward t barrier where uniformed cops stand around a limousine tha has drawn up to the barrier.  It is full of white-haired  officials, one of them the COMMISSIONER.  He has a voice  broken by whiskey, cigars, good food and yelling at footb games. DOLLY AT A LOW DRAMATIC ANGLE WITH MORETTI AND ETC. It looks like they may be going into action.  Moretti's  attitude is not that subtly different now he's talking to brass.  Commissioner doesn't get out; he talks through wi The Commissioner's hand, pudgy and freckled with age, cov Moretti's where it rests on the door: he massages Moretti hand fondly.
29) 2) dialog: No.  I never smile any more.
29) 4) dialog: I never make bets or guesses, that  way I'm never wrong and I never have  to pay out.
29) 6) text: A lot of comfortable CHUCKLES inside the limo.  The  Commissioner's hand lingers on Moretti's -- they are fond each other, these men, linked in a relationship of a life of shared experience, of attitudes, of maleness -- an  accumulation of years of jokes about being late for dinne of women waiting and women panting with desire, men secur in the bastion of their roles.  What is being passed on h is a purely emotional force of approval and acceptance fr top to bottom of a social institution that is the last to masculine society: police.  The homosexual content of thi should not be lost: it lies in the comfortable fit of the feelings, in the fact, simply, that they love each other, for what they share.
29) 7) dialog: So whatsa deal?
29) 9) dialog: What if we gotta kill a whole lot of  people?
29) 11) dialog: Listen.
29) 15) dialog: (pleasantly) Fuck you, sir - if I'm right, I don't need you.  What I want is - if I make an honest mistake I want  help.
30) 37) dialog: We're bringing in your wife...
31) 2) text: with Moretti and others as they move to intercept the pol car where it will stop on the corner.  As they stop, we c see Sonny step into the door of the bank, in the distance He is greeted with CHEERS from the crowd.  But is intent the car. We are NOW SHOOTING ACROSS THE CAR, OVER MORETTI'S BACK T THE BANK and Sonny. The DRIVER of the police car gets out, with a huge grin o his face and nods to Moretti.  The back door opens and an cop gets out, also grinning.  They look around toward Son as his wife gets out of the police car, on this side.  Sh is spectacularly good looking in a lithe cruel sort of wa like Lauren Bacall, but right now she is a mess.
32) 3) dialog: (to cop driver) What's that?
32) 5) dialog: Jesus!
32) 10) text: The crowd yelling in increasing waves of SOUND; Moretti a cops pick up Leon and rush him toward the barbershop.
34) 0) text: where Moretti and cops are trying to revive Leon.  A cop the phone turns to Moretti.
34) 2) text: Moretti walks over to phone, takes receiver from cop.
35) 0) text: Sonny waiting for Moretti to answer phone.
35) 2) dialog: He's all doped up.
35) 4) dialog: He's groggy, Sonny.  Let me get him  on his feet and he'll call you back. (hangs up)
36) 0) text: as Moretti hangs up phone and walks over to Leon, who now has a glass of water and a cold towel.
36) 1) dialog: Leon?  Whatsa matter?  They give you  a shot down the hospital or what?
36) 3) dialog: Well, you got to get hold of yourself.   You got to talk to him, tell him to  give himself up.
36) 5) dialog: He's got eight people in there with  him.  He's got this kid with him...   they're gonna shoot the people.
36) 7) dialog: If he won't listen to you, who will  he listen to?
36) 9) dialog: You try calling the police?
36) 11) dialog: Somebody's got to stop him, Leon.
36) 13) dialog: He's makin' threats in there.
36) 15) dialog: What kind of things, Leon?
36) 17) dialog: He needed money?  For the operation  for you?
36) 19) dialog: Well, don't you figure you owe to  him to get him out of there?
36) 21) dialog: You're in it up to your ass, Leon. You're an accessory.  You talk him  out of there and they might be a  little more understanding of your  case.
36) 23) dialog: How is he gonna hurt you on the  telephone?
36) 25) dialog: You think it over, Leon.
36) 26) text: Moretti walks over to the wall phone, picks up the receiv and waits to be connected with the bank and Sonny.
37) 0) text: as the phone rings.  Sonny picks it up, hears Moretti's v
37) 1) dialog: He won't talk to you.  Let me work  on it.
40) 2) text: Both rush toward the front of the bank.  They see that ev the flood lights are now out, but across the street can s be seen lights in the store windows.  Sonny rushes to a n by phone to try to reach Moretti, but even the phones are dead.  They hear Moretti's voice over a bull-horn outside
40) 3) dialog: Sonny... Sonny... Come out a minute...  Come out a minute...
41) 0) text: Moretti and Sheldon are in the barbershop.
41) 2) dialog: What makes you think you'll be able  to control it?
41) 4) dialog: He hasn't so far.  I'm the one who  can make a mistake.  That's what  scares the shit out of me.
44) 9) text: Sonny comes around, looking for Moretti: can't see him.
49) 1) dialog: The little bastard miss me?