5) 14) dialog: His mouth simply stops, and he stares at the gun.  Mulvan is a comic opera Irishman in his early fifties, florid... cheerful, bushy eyebrows; he acts out everything he says.
5) 16) dialog: (into phone) Listen, lemme call you back.
5) 28) dialog: the ruins of his smile still on his face.
5) 37) dialog: aghast at his own outspokenness... Sal holding the gun  levelled on him.
5) 38) dialog: Okay, okay... we know it's a stickup!
5) 47) dialog: (yells) Do what the gentleman says, Howard.
7) 11) text: After spraying the three cameras, he has reached Mulvaney desk area.  The girls are scattering to group farther bac and Sonny and Mulvaney are heading for the vault.
7) 12) dialog: (on cross to vault  with Sonny) We're hip... let's just get you all  fixed up and on your way!
7) 15) dialog: I can take care of that.
7) 16) text: Mulvaney is about to insert his key in his lock.  Sonny  quickly reaches out and grabs Mulvaney's hand, and looks the key he has extended.  He explodes.
7) 18) text: He almost hits Mulvaney with his fist.
7) 20) text: He's grabbed the keys from Mulvaney and holds up the key  Mulvaney was going to use... we're in a:
7) 22) dialog: I must of been outta my mind.
7) 24) text: Mulvaney nods and picks out a key that is identical excep for the spur.  He shows it to Sonny.  Sonny nods.
7) 25) text: as Mulvaney carefully uses the safe key to unlock the gat Miriam is crying as she unlocks her side.  The gate swing open.  Sonny shoves Mulvaney inside and, as he passes Mir notices her tears. She just stands there staring into his face like a hypnot chicken, the tears streaming down her face. Sonny stops, staring at her.  Mulvaney, starting to open gate, moves inside the vault, impatient...
7) 26) dialog: Okay.  Let's get you on your way. Miriam - open the safe.
7) 29) dialog: (to Miriam) Come on, lemme load you up...
7) 31) text: Sonny looks at Mulvaney, alarmed...
7) 38) dialog: It's all we got.
7) 44) dialog: She's afraid you're gonna shoot... (hands Sonny the bag  of money)
7) 45) text: Sonny starts out of the vault toward the teller's area wi bag of money.  He speaks to Mulvaney.
7) 50) text: Mulvaney crosses to his desk, picks up the receiver.  Sal follows him, yanks receiver from one ear to the other, so can hear conversation.
7) 63) text: He throws it into the air so the bills flutter all around him, gaily... In the background, Mulvaney, having finishe with the phone conversation, is moving to the rear with t rest of the girls.  Sonny now moves to the 3rd cage's cas drawer... Mulvaney ends phone conversation and Sal moves over to group at vault.
7) 69) text: Again, Mulvaney starts to cross back to his desk, again  followed by Sal.  Sonny yells out to Mulvaney as he cross to answer the phone.
7) 71) dialog: Believe me, I'm on your side.
7) 77) dialog: Hello... I'm sorry I can't talk to  you right now... I suggest you call  during banking hours tomorrow.  What  is your name?
7) 83) dialog: Can you hurry it up?
7) 87) dialog: Howard?
7) 90) dialog: (stands, receiver  still to ear, then  covering it with his  hand) Howard, give him the keys...
7) 92) text: Howard is unable to move.  Seeing his predicament, Edna m to him and starts to unfasten his belt to remove the keys Mulvaney continues with his phone conversation.
7) 101) dialog: (on phone) No, it was the credit rating.  The  credit rating.  I don't know, you'd  have to find that out from him.
7) 105) dialog: It was something a couple of years  ago in St. Louis, I don't know...
7) 106) text: Sonny grabs the gun from the desk top and moves over to  Mulvaney.
7) 109) dialog: It's the insurance guy across the  street.  He probably saw the goddamn  smoke! (motions toward smoking  register) Please!  Put out the fire!
7) 119) dialog: Sorry... I can't talk now... I'll  call you back.
7) 123) dialog: Howard, wave him off.  Tell him we're  closed.  Whatever...
7) 128) dialog: Give me the keys...
7) 132) dialog: (unlocking door) What is it, Sam?
7) 134) dialog: Yeah, just a cigarette got in a  wastebasket.
7) 137) dialog: Little smoke: like a Polish four- alarm fire, is all.
7) 139) dialog: Yeah, thanks for keeping an eye out.
7) 142) dialog: Thanks again, Sam.
7) 144) dialog: It's okay. [Regards to the family,  Sam.]
7) 145) text: Mulvaney locks the door and walks inside the bank, giving the keys back to Sonny.
7) 146) dialog: For God's sake, will you please go  now?  We gave you every nickel we  got.
7) 148) text: Mulvaney and Sonny starts to walk back toward Sal.  As th do, the PHONE BEGINS TO RING AGAIN (#3).
7) 150) text: Mulvaney shrugs helplessly.  Picks up the phone, standing desk opposite his.
7) 155) dialog: Hello, Mulvaney here...
7) 160) text: As Sal starts to herd them into the vault (Sylvia helping Howard, still with the cup of water), Mulvaney is still o the phone.  Sonny moves down to get the money bag atop th teller's cages and we hear Mulvaney on phone.
7) 161) dialog: (tired) What property is that, Mrs. Anterio? The Third Avenue property - you  already got a second mortgage on.   We discussed it before...
7) 162) text: The girls are afraid; Miriam unlocks the gate as Sonny us Mulvaney's keys to the matching lock.
7) 175) text: Mulvaney finishes his phone conversation.  He moves towar the group at the vault.
7) 184) text: He moves with them back to the vault area, herds them int it.  At this point, PHONE RINGS AGAIN (#4).  Sonny moves get the empty wastebasket, shoving it into the vault for girls to use in case of emergency.  Mulvaney moves to his desk and phone. Mulvaney has by this time answered the phone, and is now  holding it out to Sonny.  HOLD THE BEAT...
7) 185) dialog: (to Sonny) It's for you.
7) 195) text: Sonny slowly, almost sadly, puts the telephone receiver b down, cutting off the little voice at the other end.  He  looks up at Mulvaney, then to Sal.
7) 198) dialog: (backing away from  Sonny) I swear to God... on my salary, I'm  not gonna be any hero...
7) 202) dialog: I told you, just go, get out when  you could, but no, you just got to  hang around.
7) 208) dialog: We're all in the barrel together...
7) 209) text: Phone continues to ring.  Sonny finally grabs it (desk  opposite Mulvaney).
7) 236) text: Now Sonny turns to speak to Mulvaney.
7) 238) dialog: It's locked on the inside. (beat) It's through that passageway and to  the right.
7) 244) dialog: (to Jenny) Hurry up!
7) 272) text: Sonny now turns toward Mulvaney.  Howard lies down, head jacket, in the vault.
7) 274) dialog: Mulvaney...
7) 277) text: as Sonny and Mulvaney move toward the rear of the bank.
7) 279) dialog: Well, they go to guard school.
7) 281) dialog: They make $105 a week to start. They fold the flag, check the place  out in the morning.  I don't know  what they learn, Sonny.
7) 283) dialog: Here we are... the back door.
7) 286) text: He has found a big office machine, a Xerox or whatever, w he now starts to push toward the door.  On the opposite s Mulvaney starts to pull it toward the door.  It's very he and they have to strain to budge it at all.  Meanwhile:
7) 288) dialog: I got two kids... and I'd like to  see them again.
7) 290) text: Mulvaney has removed his suit jacket.
7) 291) dialog: You know I do.  You seem to know a  lot about bank procedure.
7) 292) text: Sonny laughs and pushes the machine.  Mulvaney pulls from the opposite side.
7) 294) dialog: I don't care who you are... (shove) I just want to get you outta here,  safe, right?
7) 296) dialog: (stopping to rest for  a beat, thinking) If you take anybody, please take me.
7) 302) dialog: I don't fool around with you.
7) 303) text: Mulvaney crosses back to his desk and sits down.  At this point, all the phones are off the hooks.
11) 0) text: (Re Moretti's 3rd conversation on phone with Sonny.) The group inside the bank have now been waiting approxima twelve minutes since anything last happened.  Sonny is se at Mulvaney's desk, all the phones off the hooks. The rest of the group is huddled around the vault area wh Sal is keeping his eye on them. Suddenly, Sonny jumps up and puts all the receivers back the hooks, crossing back to sit at Mulvaney's desk again. PHONE STARTS TO RING and Sonny picks it up.
11) 38) text: Mulvaney now stands up at his desk, looks over at the gro near the vault.  They look back at him, waiting for some  instructions.
11) 39) dialog: It's up to you ladies.
15) 0) text: as Sonny and Sylvia walk into bank and head for the group the rear.  Mulvaney is seated at his desk, but the rest o the girls are standing around the vault area. Sylvia heads for the girls as Sonny walks toward Sal.
15) 2) dialog: (to passing Sonny) What about Howard?
15) 5) text: Mulvaney turns on the TV set.  In the meantime, Sylvia ha reached the other girls.
15) 14) text: Mulvaney answers the phone.
15) 22) dialog: The TV... they want to talk to you...
15) 52) text: Sonny hangs up the phone, looks at Mulvaney, puzzled at t outcome of the conversation.
15) 54) dialog: I guess he didn't appreciate your  use of language.  They don't speak  that way on television.  It's a rule.   Do you realize you've cut off a  valuable source of communication?
15) 75) dialog: What now, Sonny?
16) 7) text: Mulvaney stands in the door...
16) 11) dialog: (from door; alarmed) Sal wants to see Sonny.  He says  he'll shoot unless he can see Sonny.
16) 14) text: He turns back to face Moretti, Sylvia, Mulvaney.
22) 0) text: The group is now situated like this: 1) MULVANEY'S DESK - the TV is on; seated in his chair, f her nails is MIRIAM. Seated to her left, having pulled the chair a patron uses is MARIA, watching TV and listening to her transistor rad against her left ear, at the same time. MULVANEY (at back water cooler - will eventually move bac to his desk, sit down to Miriam's right.) 2) EDNA - is now behind the Tellers' cages, straightening the mess; she picks up the loose money that Sonny had  scattered thru the air, puts them into packets and ties t with rubber bands. 3) SAL - is seated in the rear Conference room, still hol his rifle, feet up on the table. 4) MULVANEY &amp; DEBORAH - at the rear water cooler (fro she will move to see what's wrong with Margaret) 5) MARGARET - seated at her desk, obviously ill, wiping h forehead, head bowed. 6) SYLVIA and JENNY - at far right table, doing a crosswo puzzle. 7) SONNY - pacing back and forth Mulvaney's desk, posing legal puzzle for Maria. Sonny, his gun now lying across the top of Mulvaney's des is pacing back and forth between the desk areas.  He's ta to Maria in particular, but anyone in earshot in general.
22) 20) dialog: I don't know, Sonny... on the roof  somewhere I guess.
22) 23) text: Sonny and Mulvaney start to move out toward the back door area.
22) 25) dialog: I don't know.
22) 31) text: And Sonny and Mulvaney exit toward rear of bank.
23) 0) text: Sonny and Mulvaney move toward the back door and stop und a trap door in the ceiling.  Mulvaney looks up at it.
23) 1) dialog: It's gonna be up there.
23) 11) dialog: Somebody or something is working on the other side of the door!
23) 13) dialog: Sonny, if you shoot, shoot high...   my car's parked out there.
26) 5) text: He now walks behind Tellers' cages and picks up some of t decoy money that Edna had started to clean up and re-stac Mulvaney walks over to him.
26) 6) dialog: Are we going to get the ball rolling?
28) 2) text: He puts it down in front of Mulvaney, on Mulvaney's desk. Mulvaney looks at it, sickly.  As Mulvaney looks up at So
30) 31) text: Sonny continues with "Manual of Arms" business with rifle Mulvaney is on the phone.
30) 32) dialog: (overlapping Janet  into phone) Mulvaney... (listens)
30) 34) dialog: (to Sonny) It's for you.  Moretti.
33) 0) text: as Sonny comes running in.  Sylvia is now showing off her new-found expertise with a cigarette to Miriam, Jenny and Deborah, seated around Edna's desk.  (Deborah is talking the phone.)  Meanwhile, Edna is back in the Conference Ro with Mulvaney; Margaret is seated at her desk, speaking o the phone; Maria, speaking on phone, is seated at Mulvane desk - where television is still on. Sonny, wanting to use a phone, realizes that all are in u rushes to a desk at the front of the bank.  Sal follows h there.  Sonny grabs a phone.
37) 5) text: During the speech, Sylvia and her group wander toward  Mulvaney's desk to listen, as Edna wanders down from the  Conference Room, crosses to the set and turns up the volu
40) 0) text: Sonny paces back and forth (with ad-lib dialogue to group Margaret, seated at her desk, has feet up on another chai while Jenny sits on top of her desk.  Mulvaney is back at water cooler, starting to feel very ill.  Miriam and Debo are seated at Mulvaney's desk.  Edna is seated at her des while Sylvia sits on top of desk, talking on phone. Suddenly, the lights go out, leaving only emergency light on (4 in the main area and 2 at back door area).  Sylvia  immediately moves over toward the vault area and turns on hand lamps.
50) 5) text: In the rear, Mulvaney slumps into a chair beside Margaret desk.  Sylvia rushes to help him, untying his tie, etc.   Maria runs into the Conference room, hoping to find remai of sugar as Deborah crosses to his desk, looking through drawers for medication.  Jenny simply can't cope with it walks away.
50) 9) dialog: I didn't eat any pizza.
55) 31) text: Heidi goes on and on, but Sonny just drops the phone on t hook.  As he walks toward the rear of the bank, Sylvia, s atop Margaret's desk, gets off and follows Sonny toward t Conference room.  At the same time, Edna is lifting Marga feet up onto a chair and Jenny and Deborah start to walk  toward the Conference room, too.  Maria paces back and fo transistor to her ear. Sonny walks into the Conference room.  The doctor is thro examining Mulvaney.  Miriam is seated across the table fr him.
55) 33) text: Mulvaney waves, protesting.  He's had a shot; he's rapidl recovering.
55) 37) dialog: I'm okay... I'm okay...
55) 39) dialog: I'm not going.  I'm okay.
55) 40) text: As Sonny grabs him to try to help him up, Mulvaney wrench away.  A little physical here.
55) 42) dialog: I stay here.  Damn it.  I just needed  the insulin.  I'm used to it. Go on.  Go on.
55) 44) dialog: I'll be God damned if you will.
55) 47) dialog: I don't wanta be either, I just want  to be left alone.  You understand  that?  I wish the fuck you never  came in my bank, that's all, don't  try to act like you're some angel of  human kindness! (he crosses toward  Tellers' cages to  start straightening  up)
57) 3) text: She looks over toward Mulvaney, now behind the Tellers' C trying to tidy up, and walks over to show him the picture Sonny stands on the other side of the cages.
57) 5) dialog: They look like good kids.
57) 7) dialog: Special to me, too.
57) 9) dialog: Sure - we like you.
57) 11) dialog: You seem like a likable enough guy. It's hard to judge.
57) 15) text: Sonny crosses back downstage again to Mulvaney and Sylvia
57) 17) dialog: I'm sorry.
57) 19) dialog: We like you, too.
57) 21) dialog: Would I hire you?
57) 23) dialog: Why not?
57) 33) dialog: Girls, I wanta apologize.  For my  language back there.
57) 35) dialog: Ladies... I want to apologize for my  language back there. (he walks over to his  desk, sits down)
59) 2) dialog: Yeah?
59) 4) dialog: No.  I had some legal training, but...
59) 7) text: She leaves Tellers' Cages area, crosses to Sonny, grabbin pen from Edna's desk on the way.  Sonny's urgent mood rea them.  Sylvia gets note pad from Mulvaney.  Takes the  dictation...
62) 0) text: Sylvia is finishing her typing.  The girls and Mulvaney a slowly getting ready.  Deborah is getting her purse out o Margaret's desk drawer; Margaret gathering her own purse, books, etc.; Jenny is getting her purse from Edna's desk Edna gathers up her belongings; Mulvaney is seated at his desk; Miriam is at her desk, by the front door. Sal stands with his gun ready.  [As Sonny enters and take up his gun, Sal carefully and methodically begins to redr himself, comb his rumpled hair, knotting his tie carefull
62) 13) dialog: (tired) What now, Sonny?
62) 23) text: They are ready.  A moment in the dark.  Sonny holds out t will to Mulvaney.
62) 25) text: Mulvaney takes it.  Sonny shakes his hand.  Suddenly,  emotionally, he embraces Sylvia.  Suddenly they are all s silent goodbyes.  Shaking hands all around, formally. Only Sal is left untouched, standing apart, watching them in the dark.
63) 6) text: Something that looks like a multi-legged animal emerges. is Sonny and Sal in the center of a tight group of the gi and Mulvaney, so they are completely protected on all sid by hostages.  Over their heads is thrown some drapes from the bank that further prevent the police from drawing a c head on Sonny or Sal without hitting a girl.  In fact the can't be seen at all.  This weird apparition appears,  hesitates.  The crowd YELLS: "SHOOT!"  CHOREOGRAPH THE AC so the group hesitates, takes a step forward, then it's c Sonny can't see well enough to go direct to the car, and girls are uncertain which direction to go in, not having  been briefed.  So they stumble about, make false starts, finally arrive at the car, where one girl gets into the s row of seats behind the Driver.  Then Sonny slides across next to Driver.
63) 7) text: The police have no chance to shoot.  The group looks like bewildered centipede finding its way.  Mulvaney detaches  himself from the group and slips into the front seat, on  Sonny's right.
66) 7) text: Sheldon has been walking down to the limo.  He stops besi Mulvaney and KNOCKS on the window.  Mulvaney rolls it dow
66) 10) text: There is silence inside the limo.  Mulvaney turns to Sylv
66) 11) dialog: Sylvia?
66) 29) text: Driver starts to turn in the driver's seat! Sheldon brings up his hands to reach through the open win to grab Sonny's rifle barrel, pushes it away, aiming out  windshield. Mulvaney sees them beginning their move and starts to duc Sal begins to see movement out of the corner of his eyes is barely beginning to react.
67) 26) dialog: You were terrific, too!