4) 6) text: As he turns, from the back of the car, JACKIE appears wit huge florist box, tied with ribbon.  Jackie is an eightee year old with bad complexion and in contrast to Sonny and Sal is dressed in teenage sloppiness.  Adidas, T-shirt,  bowling jacket, jeans.  He is uncertain: waits for direct from Sonny.  Sonny takes the florist box from him. We see a water truck drive down the street, followed by  Sonny's car, which drives up near bank.  It stops, Jackie gets out, crosses to bank window, peers through, then
4) 7) text: returns to car.  Leans in, has fake conversation with Son They are waiting.  Sonny checks his watch, turns to Sal i back seat:
4) 9) text: They wait.  At appropriate moment, Sal exits car, walks t bank.  Slowly Sonny gets out.
5) 0) text: A slightly seedy little branch bank, old yellow brick, bl varnished wood, a rubber plant, an American flag.  Throug the windows we SEE HOWARD, the aged black bank guard, in  uniform, taking down the American flag from outside.  Pas him comes Sal carrying an attache case.  He passes Howard coming toward us through the door into the bank.  As he p
5) 3) dialog: as he moves toward the left-hand deposit-slips desks. He picks out a car-loan application slip, then walks towa the manager's desk (as the sign on the desk proclaims) of PATRICK MULVANEY.  Sal sits down, his back to Mulvaney, f the front door of the bank.  Mulvaney is on the phone.
5) 6) dialog: still sitting, back to Mulvaney, watching Jackie's approa and entrance, ready to move on cue.
5) 10) dialog: as if by pre-arranged signal, Sal now stands up, moves to the side of Mulvaney's desk.
5) 11) dialog: You the manager?
5) 15) dialog: Just go on talking, like nothing was  happening, okay?
5) 17) text: He hangs up, and looks from the gun up to Sal's blank har face.  To his own amazement, he grins: a hopeful grin tha says: "Like me - don't hurt me."  And he's embarrassed by it.  As we watch, his smile turns sour.
5) 27) dialog: staring at Mulvaney.
5) 44) dialog: Fuck him - let him out!
7) 4) text: JENNY, a young, frightened girl, peeks out from under the desk, obviously afraid to reveal herself. Sonny starts to move toward the front of the bank.  Sal t so he can cover everyone.  Sonny turns to order Howard.
7) 13) text: MIRIAM, a young, awkward, overweight Jewish girl, chewing gum with nervous machine-like rapidity, moving toward the vault.  The gate is closed, and she holds one key and Mul the other.  They pass Sal, who now holds the others in th bank under his gun while at the vault gate.
7) 42) dialog: Let's go, Sonny.
7) 50) text: Mulvaney crosses to his desk, picks up the receiver.  Sal follows him, yanks receiver from one ear to the other, so can hear conversation.
7) 63) text: He throws it into the air so the bills flutter all around him, gaily... In the background, Mulvaney, having finishe with the phone conversation, is moving to the rear with t rest of the girls.  Sonny now moves to the 3rd cage's cas drawer... Mulvaney ends phone conversation and Sal moves over to group at vault.
7) 66) dialog: Cheer up, you'll be the veteran of a  robbery, the bank sends you a dozen  red roses, you know that?
7) 69) text: Again, Mulvaney starts to cross back to his desk, again  followed by Sal.  Sonny yells out to Mulvaney as he cross to answer the phone.
7) 99) dialog: (looking past camera,  falling onto the  floor behind Mulvaney) Sonny... who's that?  Across the  street.
7) 122) dialog: Get rid of him.
7) 130) dialog: He raises the gun and sights it now, and in this moment, should sense a kind of luxurious relaxation into anticipa on Sal's part.  He is smiling a little, and for the first time, looks happy, and that's what makes him seem dangero He's looking forward to an excuse to kill.  It's here now survival.  There is something almost sexual about the way settles his body down behind the weapon, getting ready fo the squeeze on the trigger, the report, the violent shove recoil against his muscles and sinews. In the background, we see Sylvia bringing Howard a cup of water.
7) 148) text: Mulvaney and Sonny starts to walk back toward Sal.  As th do, the PHONE BEGINS TO RING AGAIN (#3).
7) 152) dialog: He's gone?
7) 156) text: TWO SHOT - SONNY &amp; SAL
7) 158) dialog: Where's the money?
7) 160) text: As Sal starts to herd them into the vault (Sylvia helping Howard, still with the cup of water), Mulvaney is still o the phone.  Sonny moves down to get the money bag atop th teller's cages and we hear Mulvaney on phone.
7) 169) dialog: Goddamn women...
7) 172) dialog: You see... now they all gotta go.
7) 191) dialog: Who is it?
7) 195) text: Sonny slowly, almost sadly, puts the telephone receiver b down, cutting off the little voice at the other end.  He  looks up at Mulvaney, then to Sal.
7) 197) dialog: How'd that happen?
7) 200) dialog: It was the fire, asshole!
7) 226) text: He hangs up the phone.  Sal looks at him.
7) 227) dialog: You mean that?
7) 229) dialog: ...The bodies out the door.
7) 231) dialog: But do you mean it?
7) 261) text: on Sonny as he moves to Sal, to reassure Sal out of some  guiltiness about trapping him in this situation.  His ton apologetic... almost tender...
7) 263) dialog: Are you serious?  About throwin' a  body outta here if we have to?
7) 265) dialog: But do you mean it?... But you just  told him that if worse comes to  worse...
7) 267) dialog: But I want to know what you think.
7) 269) dialog: I'll tell you right now - that I'm  ready to do it.
7) 276) text: Sal takes a position where he can cover the door and also the girls and Howard.
7) 300) text: Finished with the task, Sonny takes his gun and with Mulv they start to cross back toward Sal and the rest of the g
11) 0) text: (Re Moretti's 3rd conversation on phone with Sonny.) The group inside the bank have now been waiting approxima twelve minutes since anything last happened.  Sonny is se at Mulvaney's desk, all the phones off the hooks. The rest of the group is huddled around the vault area wh Sal is keeping his eye on them. Suddenly, Sonny jumps up and puts all the receivers back the hooks, crossing back to sit at Mulvaney's desk again. PHONE STARTS TO RING and Sonny picks it up.
11) 32) text: Sonny hangs up and moves over to Sal.  The rest of the gr has been trying to make out what's being said at the othe end of the conversation.
11) 34) dialog: Dead or alive?
11) 41) text: They are now unified.  Sonny whispers something to Sal.
11) 43) dialog: All right... send them the guard.
11) 45) text: Sylvia takes Howard by the arms and starts to lead him to the front door.  Sal watches as they move toward front do
11) 46) dialog: Cover her, Sonny.
11) 50) dialog: (from the rear) Only one, Sonny.
11) 77) text: Sonny turns back to tell Sal he's going outside.  Moretti stands well out in the street, to reassure Sonny nobody i going to try to jump him.  Sonny stares around; he nudges Sylvia out ahead of him.  As they edge into sight of the  Media across the street:
15) 0) text: as Sonny and Sylvia walk into bank and head for the group the rear.  Mulvaney is seated at his desk, but the rest o the girls are standing around the vault area. Sylvia heads for the girls as Sonny walks toward Sal.
15) 55) text: Sonny now moves over to Sal.
15) 57) dialog: (no answer)
15) 59) dialog: What kind of a deal?
15) 61) dialog: What do you mean?  You talkin' about  coppin a plea?
15) 63) dialog: ...because if you're talking about  coppin' a plea, I'm tellin' you right  now, there's no deal... I'm never  going back to prison... We got our  own deal already... Do you remember  the pact we made?  You and me and  Jackie - that night in the bar... we  were talkin' about if we get trapped  in the bank, what are you gonna do...  Right?  What did we say?  What did  we say!
15) 65) dialog: Does that still go?
15) 77) text: He crosses over to Sal.
15) 83) text: Sonny slams the phone down and walks over to Sal, rifle s in his hands.
15) 85) dialog: Wyoming.
15) 87) text: Sonny starts to walk toward the door.  As he does, Sal ca back to him.
15) 88) dialog: Sonny!  Gimme the gun.  You don't  need that.
15) 89) text: Sonny realizes what he's saying and crosses back to Sal a hands him the gun, then moves toward the front door.
16) 12) text: He means Sal.  Sonny, dazed and bleeding, reels to the do and calls in... Sal now stands alone behind 3rd pillar.
22) 0) text: The group is now situated like this: 1) MULVANEY'S DESK - the TV is on; seated in his chair, f her nails is MIRIAM. Seated to her left, having pulled the chair a patron uses is MARIA, watching TV and listening to her transistor rad against her left ear, at the same time. MULVANEY (at back water cooler - will eventually move bac to his desk, sit down to Miriam's right.) 2) EDNA - is now behind the Tellers' cages, straightening the mess; she picks up the loose money that Sonny had  scattered thru the air, puts them into packets and ties t with rubber bands. 3) SAL - is seated in the rear Conference room, still hol his rifle, feet up on the table. 4) MULVANEY &amp; DEBORAH - at the rear water cooler (fro she will move to see what's wrong with Margaret) 5) MARGARET - seated at her desk, obviously ill, wiping h forehead, head bowed. 6) SYLVIA and JENNY - at far right table, doing a crosswo puzzle. 7) SONNY - pacing back and forth Mulvaney's desk, posing legal puzzle for Maria. Sonny, his gun now lying across the top of Mulvaney's des is pacing back and forth between the desk areas.  He's ta to Maria in particular, but anyone in earshot in general.
22) 7) text: He is sweating, worried.  He is listening to a conversati we can HEAR... as it goes on SHOT WIDENS to reveal the ot in various postures of waiting.  Sal more disheveled, Son restlessness is unabated; he paces about like a caged ani The voice on the phone is breathy and youthful: Sonny has been listening for a long time.
22) 26) text: At this point, Sal calls out to Sonny, and gets up to mov to him.
22) 27) dialog: Sonny -
22) 29) dialog: I never been up in a plane before.
23) 8) dialog: (to Edna) Everybody!  Back here!
23) 17) dialog: (to group) Get over here!  Get over here!
25) 0) text: 1) MARGARET fainting. 2) SAL herds group into vault area. 3) SONNY dashing back and forth into rear bank area.
25) 15) text: Sonny walks over to Sal, gives him the rifle.
26) 3) dialog: Get over there!
30) 8) dialog: You don't smoke... why do you want  to start now.
30) 10) dialog: I used to, but I stopped.
30) 12) dialog: Because I don't want cancer.
30) 15) dialog: No!  I'm not kidding.  Don't you  understand?  You're pure!
30) 17) dialog: You shouldn't start now.
30) 19) dialog: Go ahead.  Do what you want to do.   I hate to see you break a perfect  record.  You oughta take care of  your body.
30) 21) dialog: Your body is the temple of the Lord.
30) 23) dialog: You're really pure, you know?  You  got a perfect record.  You never  used that stuff to ruin your body,  why start now?
30) 25) dialog: You gonna smoke the cigarette?
30) 27) text: Sal gets up and starts to leave the room...
30) 30) dialog: (exiting) No - it's because you're weak.
30) 40) text: He exits bank.  Sal walks toward the door, stops behind t first post.
33) 0) text: as Sonny comes running in.  Sylvia is now showing off her new-found expertise with a cigarette to Miriam, Jenny and Deborah, seated around Edna's desk.  (Deborah is talking the phone.)  Meanwhile, Edna is back in the Conference Ro with Mulvaney; Margaret is seated at her desk, speaking o the phone; Maria, speaking on phone, is seated at Mulvane desk - where television is still on. Sonny, wanting to use a phone, realizes that all are in u rushes to a desk at the front of the bank.  Sal follows h there.  Sonny grabs a phone.
37) 2) text: Sonny hangs up.  He and Sal walk toward the group at the  rear, around the desks.
37) 10) dialog: Sonny, you hear that?
37) 12) dialog: They keep sayin' two homosexuals.   I'm not a homosexual.  I want you to  stop them saying that.
40) 1) dialog: That's it, Sonny.
43) 0) text: as Sonny rushes in, warns Sal about the FBI confrontation he's about to have.
45) 0) text: Sonny goes over to Sal.
45) 2) dialog: Have him walk in backwards.
47) 0) text: Except for the 4 emergency lights, it is very dark - and  very hot as Sonny and Sheldon enter the bank.  Sal now st behind the desks, covering Sheldon and the group assemble at the vault.  Sheldon takes in every detail as he walks  toward the group in the rear, followed closely and covere by Sonny.  As they near the desks, Sonny yells out an ord for the group:
47) 5) text: Sheldon is watching Sal, trying to gauge him.  This is th first time anyone from outside has seen Sal.
47) 10) text: Sheldon is now standing very close to Sal.
47) 11) dialog: (to Sheldon) You got to talk to the TV, tell them  to stop talking about the two  homosexuals.  I'm not gay...  that's  the truth.  Tell 'em that.
47) 14) dialog: They gotta stop sayin' that.
50) 0) text: as Sonny re-enters.  He's restless, hyperactive, constant moving during this scene; a man with a potentially guilty conscience.  Sal moves toward him and both men walk to ar in front of the Tellers' cages.
50) 1) dialog: What'd he say?
50) 3) dialog: Why couldn't he talk about that here?
52) 0) text: as Sonny comes in, walks over to Sal.
55) 46) text: Maria and Miriam dance to transistor's music.  Edna walks into Conference Room to tidy up.  Sal is still sitting th Deborah tries to comfort Jenny.
57) 12) text: Sonny walks back toward Sal, who is seated in Conference  Room.
57) 14) dialog: Okay.
57) 25) text: Sonny walks back toward Sal.
57) 28) dialog: looking at him.  Implacable.  This tension between them o the question of Sonny's loyalty must be kept constantly a with CUTS and looks, over dialogue... SYLVIA &amp; MULVANEY
57) 30) text: Sal turns to look at her reproachfully.
57) 43) text: Edna crosses to her desk - disgusted - and starts to tidy up. The giggle catches the edge of their panic and anxiety an sweeps them into uncontrollable giggles and laughter: Son roars.  Sal and Edna alone remain unsmiling.  After a few seconds they force themselves to stop, to behave like the should under the circumstances.  They are gasping and cry Then...
57) 46) text: It sets them off again.  They howl and giggle and laugh. Until at last they run down again.  At this point, Sal ru out of Conference Room.
57) 47) dialog: Who's that?
62) 0) text: Sylvia is finishing her typing.  The girls and Mulvaney a slowly getting ready.  Deborah is getting her purse out o Margaret's desk drawer; Margaret gathering her own purse, books, etc.; Jenny is getting her purse from Edna's desk Edna gathers up her belongings; Mulvaney is seated at his desk; Miriam is at her desk, by the front door. Sal stands with his gun ready.  [As Sonny enters and take up his gun, Sal carefully and methodically begins to redr himself, comb his rumpled hair, knotting his tie carefull
62) 1) text: as he rebuilds his sartorial image before the various  reflecting surfaces of the bank, knotting his tie in a gl partition, checking his suit for wrinkles in a glass door etc.  Meanwhile we are seeing the following, which Sal  ignores:
62) 19) dialog: (deep in his hair or  tie or?) Okay, Sonny.
62) 25) text: Mulvaney takes it.  Sonny shakes his hand.  Suddenly,  emotionally, he embraces Sylvia.  Suddenly they are all s silent goodbyes.  Shaking hands all around, formally. Only Sal is left untouched, standing apart, watching them in the dark.
63) 6) text: Something that looks like a multi-legged animal emerges. is Sonny and Sal in the center of a tight group of the gi and Mulvaney, so they are completely protected on all sid by hostages.  Over their heads is thrown some drapes from the bank that further prevent the police from drawing a c head on Sonny or Sal without hitting a girl.  In fact the can't be seen at all.  This weird apparition appears,  hesitates.  The crowd YELLS: "SHOOT!"  CHOREOGRAPH THE AC so the group hesitates, takes a step forward, then it's c Sonny can't see well enough to go direct to the car, and girls are uncertain which direction to go in, not having  been briefed.  So they stumble about, make false starts, finally arrive at the car, where one girl gets into the s row of seats behind the Driver.  Then Sonny slides across next to Driver.
63) 11) text: Maria gets in the rear-most row of seats.  Sal next to he in the middle and then another girl.  One woman, Edna, a  plain middle-aged woman who has not said a word until now left over.  She stands by the side of the limo as the doo close and this phase of the operation ends, without misha
63) 17) text: Sal has his gun pointed on back of Driver's head.
65) 0) text: Silence.  Sonny and Sal hold their rifles ready between t knees.
66) 5) dialog: I'm here.
66) 23) dialog: in front of Sonny, behind Mulvaney.  For the first time h smiles.  He realizes that escape is within their grasp. smile transforms him from a formidable Mafia imitation in an utterly sweet and defenseless youth.
66) 24) dialog: (gun pointing high) Hey, Sonny - You did it!
66) 29) text: Driver starts to turn in the driver's seat! Sheldon brings up his hands to reach through the open win to grab Sonny's rifle barrel, pushes it away, aiming out  windshield. Mulvaney sees them beginning their move and starts to duc Sal begins to see movement out of the corner of his eyes is barely beginning to react.
66) 31) text: They come pouring out of the limo, scrambling frantically away from it.  The limo -- the people fleeing it.  Agents pull people away from the car. Driver and Sheldon and Cops peer into the back.  Sal's bo lies slumped. Driver, Sheldon, other Cops stand about, recovering.  No makes the slightest sort of congratulatory move, it was j another job.  Driver clears his weapon, hands it to Sheld to be filed in case of investigation.
67) 7) text: THROUGH THE SHOT Sal's body is carried, Sonny, seeing it of the corner of his eye.  He tries to look...