7) 65) text: Again, the same procedure begins.  Sylvia unlocks the cas drawer and Sonny starts to scoop it out and put it into t opened plastic bag that Miriam holds.
7) 133) dialog: Everything's all right?  You okay?
7) 135) text: Silence.  Sam stares around... thinking.
7) 136) dialog: You all right?
7) 138) dialog: Yeah.  Well, you're okay?
7) 140) dialog: Okay.
7) 143) dialog: I'm glad it's okay.
11) 11) text: A cop passing by presses a portable two-way radio into  Moretti's hand: He accepts it and holds as though he expe it.  The Cop passes the same type of set to certain other officers.  These sets are tuned in to each other, and  throughout the movie, there is a constant background talk these sets.  This is police procedure; the orders are for everyone to talk about everything.  If anyone has a quest has heard a rumor or a sound, whatever, it is immediately responded to, so that there can be the fewest possible  surprises.  Sample dialogue might go: "Did I hear a shot? "Over here, by the bank, there was a report like a gunsho inside."  "Roger, we heard that from the barbershop... it was inside the bank."  "Barbershop, you can see inside?" "Roger, we heard from the barbershop... it was inside the bank."  "Barbershop, you can see inside?"  "Roger, this i the barbershop, we see inside, the perpetrator is moving  toward the rear of the bank."  "Who's that guy walking th the barricade?"  "The blue suit?"  "Yeah."  "Off-duty  Inspector come down to see can you use him."  Etc.  They  really do use the word Perpetrator, Felon, etc.  The Cop  handing out radios makes Moretti sign for it -- which Mor does during the following:
14) 6) text: And she walks through the door past Sonny and into the ba Moretti yells up at the media to get the hell away and at the same time, turns to a nearby cop and gives orders for the air conditioning to be turned off inside the bank. As the crowd realizes what has happened, they APPLAUD and SCREAM.  At the door:
22) 0) text: The group is now situated like this: 1) MULVANEY'S DESK - the TV is on; seated in his chair, f her nails is MIRIAM. Seated to her left, having pulled the chair a patron uses is MARIA, watching TV and listening to her transistor rad against her left ear, at the same time. MULVANEY (at back water cooler - will eventually move bac to his desk, sit down to Miriam's right.) 2) EDNA - is now behind the Tellers' cages, straightening the mess; she picks up the loose money that Sonny had  scattered thru the air, puts them into packets and ties t with rubber bands. 3) SAL - is seated in the rear Conference room, still hol his rifle, feet up on the table. 4) MULVANEY &amp; DEBORAH - at the rear water cooler (fro she will move to see what's wrong with Margaret) 5) MARGARET - seated at her desk, obviously ill, wiping h forehead, head bowed. 6) SYLVIA and JENNY - at far right table, doing a crosswo puzzle. 7) SONNY - pacing back and forth Mulvaney's desk, posing legal puzzle for Maria. Sonny, his gun now lying across the top of Mulvaney's des is pacing back and forth between the desk areas.  He's ta to Maria in particular, but anyone in earshot in general.
55) 31) text: Heidi goes on and on, but Sonny just drops the phone on t hook.  As he walks toward the rear of the bank, Sylvia, s atop Margaret's desk, gets off and follows Sonny toward t Conference room.  At the same time, Edna is lifting Marga feet up onto a chair and Jenny and Deborah start to walk  toward the Conference room, too.  Maria paces back and fo transistor to her ear. Sonny walks into the Conference room.  The doctor is thro examining Mulvaney.  Miriam is seated across the table fr him.
64) 4) text: Their scared and wan faces swim past in the mob.  Sonny's mother is briefly seen looking out of the barber shop win alone and forgotten.  The Cops stare heavily, sullen with anger. Now the limo is moving faster.  People are running alongs YELLING insults, trying to see in, asking for hand-outs, they are going faster.  Inside, they say nothing.  Up ahe Sheldon's car flashes a red light.  Behind, the police ca does the same.