9) 0) text: The FRAME is full of cop faces... tough, mesomorphic face with a layer of fat under the skin, increasing as age.  T have the look of cops: alert, curious, weighing.  They ar city cops; they don't have that old-fashioned condemnator expression, there is an element of playfulness in their n the fact is they love their work, which is criminals.  Th is a peculiar delight in ferreting out the criminal impul in everybody, and a matching fury in punishing it -- whic is the action of repressing their own strongly developed  criminal unconscious.  These are tense, funny, violent, a rigidly controlled men. MORETTI is an old-line cop, a lot more relaxed than the  younger men and the cold professionals of the FBI, who as group resemble astronauts, and like them hide (but do not deny) the psychic chaos underneath. Right now they are looking at the sky.  We HEAR a heavy  helicopter track. We feature SHELDON, the silver-haired FBI Agent-in-Charge who looks like an accountant, and Moretti, with hat and c and a face out of Warner Brothers movies of the Forties. spite of Sheldon's age, Moretti plays though he's a smart kid who still needs a little help. Sheldon is getting out of a gray car, wears a gray suit. Three men with him are carbon copies of him at younger ag The three hang around him.  They approach Moretti who loo at them without moving.
9) 2) dialog: Why didn't you just wait and try to  take 'em out there in the street?
9) 6) text: From down the street come a group of odd-looking men in s carrying all kinds of electric junk: The NEW REPORTERS.   They run heavily, sweating martinis and cigarette smoke.. they run up to Moretti and Sheldon, who walk along, tryin not to catch an eye. MOVING SHOT - MORETTI AND SHELDON AMONG NEWSMEN.
29) 0) text: Moretti, Sheldon, other top cops march fast-time toward t barrier where uniformed cops stand around a limousine tha has drawn up to the barrier.  It is full of white-haired  officials, one of them the COMMISSIONER.  He has a voice  broken by whiskey, cigars, good food and yelling at footb games. DOLLY AT A LOW DRAMATIC ANGLE WITH MORETTI AND ETC. It looks like they may be going into action.  Moretti's  attitude is not that subtly different now he's talking to brass.  Commissioner doesn't get out; he talks through wi The Commissioner's hand, pudgy and freckled with age, cov Moretti's where it rests on the door: he massages Moretti hand fondly.
41) 0) text: Moretti and Sheldon are in the barbershop.
41) 1) dialog: We're all set at Kennedy.
41) 3) dialog: He's totally unstable.  He'll make a  mistake.
41) 5) dialog: Eugene, at 3:07, this became Federal.   Why don't I take it over now?
42) 4) text: He steps out farther into the street.  From behind him,  SHELDON, the FBI man, approaches.  He is alone.  Unsmilin Sonny dashes back into the bank.
44) 0) text: Sheldon is walking toward Sonny as the latter exits the b
44) 2) text: As Sheldon reaches him.
44) 4) dialog: (showing ID) No more favors.  That's all over,  Sonny.
44) 6) dialog: I've got a jet.  I'll have airport  limousine here in a half hour.  I  want the hostages.
44) 8) dialog: I'd like to work with you on this,  not against you.
44) 11) dialog: Okay, when do I get them?
44) 13) dialog: I want them all.
44) 15) text: Pause, while Sheldon thinks this over.
44) 16) dialog: I want to come in, and see if  everybody's okay.
44) 18) dialog: I have to see.
46) 0) text: Sonny crosses to Sheldon, grins, grabs him and executes a very professional-looking pat-down search. He removes Sheldon's .38 from a shoulder holster, produci it for the crowd with a flourish like a magician: some of the old playfulness returns for a moment.  He carefully a with showbiz flourishes searches Sheldon's thighs and gro The crowd HOWLS.  Sheldon bears it with stoic calm.
46) 1) text: as Sonny stands up from the search and finds Sheldon's ey locked to his with flat calm.
46) 3) dialog: I wouldn't like to, but I will, if I  have to.
46) 5) text: The move toward the door of the bank, where Sonny opens t door, preceding Sheldon, both men entering backwards.
47) 0) text: Except for the 4 emergency lights, it is very dark - and  very hot as Sonny and Sheldon enter the bank.  Sal now st behind the desks, covering Sheldon and the group assemble at the vault.  Sheldon takes in every detail as he walks  toward the group in the rear, followed closely and covere by Sonny.  As they near the desks, Sonny yells out an ord for the group:
47) 2) dialog: I just want to see all you young  ladies are all all right in here.
47) 5) text: Sheldon is watching Sal, trying to gauge him.  This is th first time anyone from outside has seen Sal.
47) 6) dialog: (his eyes on Sal) It's all being set up, we'll have  you out of here in a couple of hours.
47) 8) text: Sheldon now walks closer to group, looking into the two s examining rooms as he moves.  Sonny covers him every inch the way.
47) 9) dialog: They're getting what they want.  We  just want to be sure we get what we  want, which is to get all you ladies  out safe.  And you two boys, too.
47) 10) text: Sheldon is now standing very close to Sal.
47) 12) dialog: I will. (he turns to Sonny) Sonny?  Outside for a minute?
48) 0) text: as they (Sheldon and Sonny) exit and stand in the doorway out of earshot of the others.  Sheldon is matter-of-fact, but insinuating and conspiratorial.
48) 1) dialog: Sonny, you handled yourself real  well.  A lot of men would have choked,  and we'd have a lot of chaos and  panic and maybe a death or a multiple  death on our hands, but you handled  it.  I respect that.  Don't you try  to take Sal.  We'll handle him.  You  just sit tight and you won't get  hurt.
48) 4) dialog: (quiet) What I said.  You just sit quiet and  we'll handle Sal.
49) 0) text: as Sheldon steps into the door.  The place is jammed, Mor stands inside the door where Sonny could not have possibl seen him.  Sheldon quietly turns and stands beside him, b men looking back across the street.
49) 2) text: Sheldon smiles the supercilious Ehrlichman smile of his.
51) 2) text: Sheldon and a young DOCTOR appear, concerned...
51) 3) dialog: What's wrong?
51) 5) text: Sheldon turns, calls out.
51) 6) dialog: Doctor...
53) 2) text: The Doctor hustles past.  HOLD on Sheldon.
53) 3) dialog: (picks up the phone) I've convinced Leon to talk to you. He's on the phone now.
57) 50) text: Backlighted by the floodlights in the middle of street  escorted by Sheldon, stands a figure, dumpy and gray,  tentatively waving, a figure that bends over baby carriag in the park, picks beans one by one out of supermarket bi lip reads get-well cards in pharmacies. They hear Sheldon, outside, on bullhorn:
57) 51) dialog: Sonny!  Could you come out, please? Could you come out, please?
61) 10) text: And he turns and walks away. Driver stops, uncertainly.  Cops grab him to hustle him a Sheldon steps forward with a neat twenty-years-younger ca copy of himself...
61) 11) dialog: Here's your driver, this is agent  Murphy.
61) 15) dialog: What can he do, he's clean...
61) 20) dialog: I can't allow that, Sonny...
61) 24) text: Pause.  Sheldon finally reluctantly nods.  Sonny motions him (the Driver) to step forward.  Before he can get in t car, Sonny stops him.  Signals to him to get ready.  Give him a thorough pat search.  Thighs, the whole bit.
61) 25) text: It is tense.  The Driver seems uptight.  Sonny finds noth until he touches a breast pocket.  The Driver is very upt Sonny reaches in, pulls out a -- tiny bottle, with a coke spoon chained to the lid.  Before Sheldon can see it, but the audience has, Sonny shoves it back, grins, slaps the  Driver on the buns.  The Driver laughs delightedly. He was afraid he'd get busted for the dope: the drive wil be a cakewalk.
61) 28) text: He loves the joke!  They act as though they hadn't heard. Sonny slaps him playfully on the arm and smiling turns to Sheldon.
61) 30) text: He points at Murphy.  Sheldon stands there speechless. Driver stares at Sonny, his smile fading.
61) 32) text: Sheldon nods to Driver and Murphy.  Murphy resumes role a driver of the limo.  Driver gets out.
61) 35) dialog: Okay, Sonny?  You follow my car.
63) 10) dialog: (to Murphy) You follow my car. (he moves off)
64) 4) text: Their scared and wan faces swim past in the mob.  Sonny's mother is briefly seen looking out of the barber shop win alone and forgotten.  The Cops stare heavily, sullen with anger. Now the limo is moving faster.  People are running alongs YELLING insults, trying to see in, asking for hand-outs, they are going faster.  Inside, they say nothing.  Up ahe Sheldon's car flashes a red light.  Behind, the police ca does the same.
66) 3) text: Sheldon is getting out of the car up ahead.  Sonny and Sa and all of them come alert.  As Sheldon and the other FBI men get out of their car, a pair of aircraft landing ligh become visible, taxiing towards the limo.
66) 7) text: Sheldon has been walking down to the limo.  He stops besi Mulvaney and KNOCKS on the window.  Mulvaney rolls it dow
66) 8) dialog: That's the jet.  You give us one  more, now.  That's the deal...
66) 19) dialog: We'll have hamburgers on the plane. You ready?
66) 27) dialog: (to Driver) You ready to get out first?
66) 29) text: Driver starts to turn in the driver's seat! Sheldon brings up his hands to reach through the open win to grab Sonny's rifle barrel, pushes it away, aiming out  windshield. Mulvaney sees them beginning their move and starts to duc Sal begins to see movement out of the corner of his eyes is barely beginning to react.
66) 31) text: They come pouring out of the limo, scrambling frantically away from it.  The limo -- the people fleeing it.  Agents pull people away from the car. Driver and Sheldon and Cops peer into the back.  Sal's bo lies slumped. Driver, Sheldon, other Cops stand about, recovering.  No makes the slightest sort of congratulatory move, it was j another job.  Driver clears his weapon, hands it to Sheld to be filed in case of investigation.
66) 36) dialog: You are under arrest.  You have the  right to remain silent.  You have  the right to counsel to be present,  during your interrogation. (etc.)