5) 31) dialog: (holding sign in front  of her face) Sorry, this window is shut...
5) 36) text: Sylvia and Edna start to move toward the rear of the bank toward Margaret's desk.
7) 54) dialog: I am.
7) 56) text: Sylvia comes forward and unlocks the first drawer, and be to remove the cash, but Sonny grabs her hands...  alarmed
7) 65) text: Again, the same procedure begins.  Sylvia unlocks the cas drawer and Sonny starts to scoop it out and put it into t opened plastic bag that Miriam holds.
7) 74) dialog: Listen, we got young girls here...   you could watch your language.
7) 160) text: As Sal starts to herd them into the vault (Sylvia helping Howard, still with the cup of water), Mulvaney is still o the phone.  Sonny moves down to get the money bag atop th teller's cages and we hear Mulvaney on phone.
7) 165) text: Sylvia, helping Howard, is the last to go through the gat As Sonny is about to lock the gate, she turns to him.
7) 166) dialog: Listen, I'll never make it.  I'll  have to go to the toilet.
7) 168) dialog: It's not a joke.  I got this terrible  fear of being locked in...
7) 173) text: As Sylvia starts to move out, Sonny starts to cross ahead her.
7) 178) dialog: Oh - Maria!
7) 180) text: Maria is about to protest, but Sylvia grabs her and start to hustle her out.
7) 182) dialog: I forgot she's in here.
7) 205) dialog: What is it?  Did you just barge in  here... He doesn't have plan.  It's  all a whim. (sarcastic) 'Rob a bank!  What not?'
7) 282) text: At some point in their move toward the rear door, Sylvia  exits the Ladies' room and moves back toward the group.
11) 40) dialog: Howard!
11) 45) text: Sylvia takes Howard by the arms and starts to lead him to the front door.  Sal watches as they move toward front do
11) 48) dialog: He needs the keys.
11) 51) text: Sonny covers Sylvia as she moves to unlock the front door for Howard.
11) 52) dialog: Go along, Howard.
11) 53) text: As Howard is pushed out the door by Sylvia, a cop from a  nearby car rushes up to him and shoves him to a curbside where he bends Howard over the car, putting his hands beh him for handcuffs and starts to frisk him.
11) 62) dialog: My God!  That's Howard!  We voted to  send him out!
11) 77) text: Sonny turns back to tell Sal he's going outside.  Moretti stands well out in the street, to reassure Sonny nobody i going to try to jump him.  Sonny stares around; he nudges Sylvia out ahead of him.  As they edge into sight of the  Media across the street:
11) 79) text: straining against police lines: this is where we begin to sense the size of the event.  People are eating popsicles and ice cream.  They are diverted and excited.  Sonny and Sylvia begin to emerge: CATCALLS and HOOTS of greeting...
11) 102) text: It is at this point that newsman leans out a window of th second floor of the bank, quickly lowering a mike boom. Sylvia sees this above her head.
13) 11) dialog: Oh, yeah, the one girl was cryin',  but we're havin' a ball, so far, if  just nobody shoots...
13) 16) dialog: Sal?  He never talks, only goes: 'Sonny, you want me to shoot that  one, this one.'
13) 20) dialog: Hey, wait, he's goin' back in. (she turns OUT OF  PICTURE)
14) 2) dialog: (looking up toward  them) I gotta go now.
14) 5) dialog: They're my girls.  They need me in  there.
15) 0) text: as Sonny and Sylvia walk into bank and head for the group the rear.  Mulvaney is seated at his desk, but the rest o the girls are standing around the vault area. Sylvia heads for the girls as Sonny walks toward Sal.
15) 1) dialog: Hey, girls -- I was on television...
15) 5) text: Mulvaney turns on the TV set.  In the meantime, Sylvia ha reached the other girls.
15) 7) text: And Sylvia begins to recount the events out on the street mainly about herself as a television celebrity.
16) 14) text: He turns back to face Moretti, Sylvia, Mulvaney.
22) 0) text: The group is now situated like this: 1) MULVANEY'S DESK - the TV is on; seated in his chair, f her nails is MIRIAM. Seated to her left, having pulled the chair a patron uses is MARIA, watching TV and listening to her transistor rad against her left ear, at the same time. MULVANEY (at back water cooler - will eventually move bac to his desk, sit down to Miriam's right.) 2) EDNA - is now behind the Tellers' cages, straightening the mess; she picks up the loose money that Sonny had  scattered thru the air, puts them into packets and ties t with rubber bands. 3) SAL - is seated in the rear Conference room, still hol his rifle, feet up on the table. 4) MULVANEY &amp; DEBORAH - at the rear water cooler (fro she will move to see what's wrong with Margaret) 5) MARGARET - seated at her desk, obviously ill, wiping h forehead, head bowed. 6) SYLVIA and JENNY - at far right table, doing a crosswo puzzle. 7) SONNY - pacing back and forth Mulvaney's desk, posing legal puzzle for Maria. Sonny, his gun now lying across the top of Mulvaney's des is pacing back and forth between the desk areas.  He's ta to Maria in particular, but anyone in earshot in general.
22) 6) text: Deborah crosses to Margaret who is ill.  Deborah goes to  Sylvia - who returns with her her to Margaret. It should begin getting dark in through here.  It is very hot and sweaty in the bank.  OPEN SCENE ON:
22) 16) text: Sonny hangs up.  Deborah moves to Margaret, who is ill. goes to tell Sylvia who immediately crosses to Margaret. ANGLE ON MARGARET &amp; SYLVIA
22) 17) dialog: The air conditioning is off or something. (Looks at Margaret) she's sick.
30) 4) dialog: Somebody give me a cigarette.
30) 7) dialog: I never smoked before in my life but  I got a right to start now if I want  to.
30) 9) dialog: Because I'm scared, that's why. You never smoked?
30) 11) dialog: You stopped?  Why?
30) 13) dialog: You don't want cancer?  You're about  to get your head blown off, you're  worried about cancer. (to Maria) Gimme the cigarette.
30) 16) dialog: Pure?
30) 18) dialog: For God's sake!  As soon as I'm outta  this bank robbery, I'm gonna stop...  okay?
30) 20) dialog: My body?  What for?
30) 22) dialog: (staring at him) You're serious!
30) 24) dialog: You know, you remind me of my 19- year-old brother - only he's got his  hair down to his knees - he looks  like something that eats berries and  roots out of the ground.  God forbid  I should say something to him like,  'Listen, if you ever smoke marijuana,  just remember that it's illegal' and  he storms outta the house.  You rob  a bank, but you keep your body pure,  is that it?
30) 26) dialog: Yes...
30) 28) dialog: (calling to him) Sal... If I die of cancer it's going  to be half your fault.
30) 29) text: Sylvia grabs the cigarette from Maria.
33) 0) text: as Sonny comes running in.  Sylvia is now showing off her new-found expertise with a cigarette to Miriam, Jenny and Deborah, seated around Edna's desk.  (Deborah is talking the phone.)  Meanwhile, Edna is back in the Conference Ro with Mulvaney; Margaret is seated at her desk, speaking o the phone; Maria, speaking on phone, is seated at Mulvane desk - where television is still on. Sonny, wanting to use a phone, realizes that all are in u rushes to a desk at the front of the bank.  Sal follows h there.  Sonny grabs a phone.
37) 5) text: During the speech, Sylvia and her group wander toward  Mulvaney's desk to listen, as Edna wanders down from the  Conference Room, crosses to the set and turns up the volu
40) 0) text: Sonny paces back and forth (with ad-lib dialogue to group Margaret, seated at her desk, has feet up on another chai while Jenny sits on top of her desk.  Mulvaney is back at water cooler, starting to feel very ill.  Miriam and Debo are seated at Mulvaney's desk.  Edna is seated at her des while Sylvia sits on top of desk, talking on phone. Suddenly, the lights go out, leaving only emergency light on (4 in the main area and 2 at back door area).  Sylvia  immediately moves over toward the vault area and turns on hand lamps.
47) 4) dialog: Listen, we asked for the jet hours  ago, what are you doin' out there?
47) 7) dialog: (to Sheldon) Just give them what they want.
50) 5) text: In the rear, Mulvaney slumps into a chair beside Margaret desk.  Sylvia rushes to help him, untying his tie, etc.   Maria runs into the Conference room, hoping to find remai of sugar as Deborah crosses to his desk, looking through drawers for medication.  Jenny simply can't cope with it walks away.
50) 7) dialog: He's got diabetes.  He's not a well  person.
50) 10) dialog: I told you, he's got diabetes.
55) 31) text: Heidi goes on and on, but Sonny just drops the phone on t hook.  As he walks toward the rear of the bank, Sylvia, s atop Margaret's desk, gets off and follows Sonny toward t Conference room.  At the same time, Edna is lifting Marga feet up onto a chair and Jenny and Deborah start to walk  toward the Conference room, too.  Maria paces back and fo transistor to her ear. Sonny walks into the Conference room.  The doctor is thro examining Mulvaney.  Miriam is seated across the table fr him.
57) 0) text: Sonny comes back into bank, his face mad with pain.  He w over to Sylvia, standing at open gate of Tellers'  Cages, and brings out a wallet with pictures for her to see. She takes it, smiles.
57) 2) dialog: They're beautiful...
57) 15) text: Sonny crosses back downstage again to Mulvaney and Sylvia
57) 29) dialog: Somebody give me another cigarette.
57) 32) dialog: I wish somebody would tell me I'm  gonna live long enough for it to be  a habit.  My parent, she'll be okay. My husband, he'll be okay.  I even  know who the bum is gonna marry.   Terrific.  She'll take good care of  him.
57) 37) dialog: (amazed) What'd you say?  I didn't hear you  say anything.
59) 6) dialog: I'm a notary.
59) 7) text: She leaves Tellers' Cages area, crosses to Sonny, grabbin pen from Edna's desk on the way.  Sonny's urgent mood rea them.  Sylvia gets note pad from Mulvaney.  Takes the  dictation...
59) 9) text: Sylvia nods: got it.
59) 11) text: He sits and writes it for Sylvia.
59) 13) text: Nobody says anything about this document.  What is there say?  Sylvia walks to her desk at the front of the bank,  near the window, and begins typing.
62) 0) text: Sylvia is finishing her typing.  The girls and Mulvaney a slowly getting ready.  Deborah is getting her purse out o Margaret's desk drawer; Margaret gathering her own purse, books, etc.; Jenny is getting her purse from Edna's desk Edna gathers up her belongings; Mulvaney is seated at his desk; Miriam is at her desk, by the front door. Sal stands with his gun ready.  [As Sonny enters and take up his gun, Sal carefully and methodically begins to redr himself, comb his rumpled hair, knotting his tie carefull
62) 4) dialog: (gets up, walks to  Sonny) Sonny - Here's your document.
62) 8) text: Sylvia's notary seal clamps and imprints the paper.
62) 15) text: He plunks his card down before Sylvia.
62) 21) dialog: Here's your document, Sonny.
62) 25) text: Mulvaney takes it.  Sonny shakes his hand.  Suddenly,  emotionally, he embraces Sylvia.  Suddenly they are all s silent goodbyes.  Shaking hands all around, formally. Only Sal is left untouched, standing apart, watching them in the dark.
63) 13) dialog: (to Edna) Goodbye, honey.  Wish us luck!
66) 12) text: From a handkerchief, Sylvia draws a slip of paper.
66) 13) dialog: It's Maria.  Go on, honey.
66) 33) dialog: (to Mulvaney) I been dying to do this for years!
67) 25) dialog: Ah, Sonny!  Good luck, you know?
67) 27) dialog: Hey.  It's raining.