1) 22) text: Sofya Andreyevna does not respect his privacy. VALENTIN
1) 27) text: I need to know everything that goes on at Yasnaya Polyana. Let me know who visits the house, any talk of the copyright to his work, any contact with the church, what letters come and go. (beat) Anything Sofya Andreyevna says.
5) 0) text: Sofya, Sasha, Valentin, ANDREY, Tolstoy's son, and Tolsto all clustered around a table taking tea. Dushan stands ne the group fiddling with a gramophone that sits on a small table. SOFYA
5) 5) text: I'm not suggesting they be given land. Private property is the root of the problem... We should be giving ours away. ANDREY
5) 67) text: When my husband was writing it, in the mid-sixties, he'd bring me pages to re-copy everyday. I was the only one who could read his handwriting. I could read his intentions, too. Afternoons, we'd drink tea and discuss changes. "Natasha wouldn't say that to Prince Andrey," or "Pierre's too simple here. He's not stupid." She smiles at the memory. SOFYA
6) 0) text: Andrey and Sofya stand together at the window, watching t joyful reunion. SOFYA
6) 2) dialog: Papa's not in his right mind. He can't defend himself against these thieves. (beat)
6) 4) text: You're a fine son, darling. None of this make believe chastity and made up religion. I wish all my children had turned out like you. Andrey's finger in his mouth, massages the offending mola ANDREY
6) 6) text: Chertkov's notions of virtuous behavior are calculated to destroy me. ANDREY
6) 10) text: Sofya Andreyevna, I'm happy to see you.
6) 19) text: You send me never ending commentary on Tolstoy's writing. That's all very interesting but not very useful. I need to know what goes on with Sofya Andreyevna. You must see by now she's committed to undermining her husband's best intentions. VALENTIN
7) 57) text: From Sofya Andreyevna. "I beg you. Stop. Unwell. Stop. Hurry back." SASHA
11) 13) text: Sofya Andreyevna, at last, you honour us with your visit. Valentin watches her match him smile for smile. SOFYA
11) 19) text: You're very kind. Sofya Andreyevna. But I can't help you. Not without specific instructions from your husband. SOFYA
14) 26) text: Or gone to America. He leaves the room. Sofya sinks back to the floor, a flow wilting. She begins to weep. An Aria from Madame Butterfl comes over 78   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. DINING ROOM. NIGHT. From a record on the gramophone. The table is set for ten although no one is at dinner but Sofya Andreyevna and Valentin. He is visibly uncomfortable. An awkward silence VALENTIN
15) 7) text: This is him punishing us, punishing me for befriending Sofya Andreyevna. For not... This is Chertkov. MASHA
18) 50) dialog: There's a reporter outside from the Russian World.
18) 52) dialog: But that's a lie, right?
19) 6) dialog: We'll make inquiries in the morning, mother.
19) 8) dialog: That'll cost a fortune.
19) 10) dialog: Rent a train? God! 121   EXT. ASTAPOVO. PLATFORM. DAY. Press and various hangers on have begun to arrive at Astapovo. Outside the station master's house, Dushan give an update, temperature, pulse. Valentin emerges from the telegraph office, telegrams and cables in his hands. A long passenger train pulls in from the north. There's general commotion at the new arrival. "The Countess." "Is it the Countess?"... More press, a cinematographer lugging his gear and CHERTKOV. He spots Valentin. There is no greeting, no embrace.
22) 32) text: I am sorry, Sofya Andreyevna. The most unlikely thing, she pats his hand. SOFYA