1) 0) text: A handsome study in the Moscow townhouse of VLADIMIR GRIGOREVICH CHERTKOV, Tolstoy's most articulate and dedicated disciple. He's interviewing Tolstoy's newly appointed secretary, VALENTIN BULGAKOV, the young man we met near the train, who, at the mention of sex, blushes a little.
1) 1) dialog: But sex... You are twenty three. Not an easy age for abstinence, is it?
1) 3) dialog: He despises them, in fact... Chertkov reaches for a small tin of moustache wax.
1) 4) dialog: I don't want to belabor the point, but I arranged for a manservant last year who proceeded to ruin two housemaids just like that. He was very upset.
1) 6) dialog: Yes, I've heard many good things about you. I've even read what you`ve written. So has he. Valentin's face flushes with pride. Chertkov steals a glance at his reflection in the glass bookcase. One side his moustache droops a little. He tugs awkwardly at it.
1) 7) dialog: My dear boy, if you were to become Tolstoy's private secretary, you would be given a great gift. You'll be with him every day, eat together, walk in the forest by his side. It's difficult to contain himself.
1) 10) dialog: (smiling) Well, we have a lot to do if we are to get his work to the people.
1) 12) dialog: Yes, we. If we can encourage the spread of passive resistance...just think of it Valentin   thousands of ordinary Russians casting off centuries of spiritual and political oppression-
1) 14) dialog: Truth and freedom, yes but still, my boy, there are so many enemies-
1) 16) dialog: The Czar's police...You'll be followed when you leave here...and the church will stop at nothing to bring him back into the fold. His children can't be trusted... only Sasha... and then of course there is the Countess... (beat) Well, one doesn't like to come between married people whatever the circumstances, but her dogged attachment to private property, her public criticism of our movement...
1) 19) text: (beat) The point is, he needs a man of your intellectual gifts around him. Someone who can help him with the new work. Someone who understands his goals. Chertkov returns to the desk. CHERTKOV
1) 20) text: And although they've allowed me to return to Russia, I can't see him. They keep me under house arrest... They might as well keep me in a cage. Clearly upset, Chertkov pauses to get control of himself. He picks up a package, hands it to Valentin. CHERTKOV
1) 21) text: So, I need you to put these letters directly into his hands. One can't be sure what gets through to him. Valentin looks at him, quizzical. CHERTKOV
1) 23) text: She wouldn't open his private correspondence... Chertkov raises an eyebrow. An ominous silence. CHERTKOV
1) 25) text: Please. CHERTKOV
1) 26) text: You'll keep a diary for me. He hands Valentin a notebook. CHERTKOV
1) 30) text: She's very, very dangerous. 9    EXT. MOSCOW. DOORWAY/STREET. EVENING. Chertkov kisses Valentin delicately on both cheeks and ushers him into the dying light. CHERTKOV
1) 31) text: Godspeed, my boy. Valentin makes his way to the droshky that awaits him. CHERTKOV
1) 32) text: And remember what I said. He turns back to the dark figure in the doorway. CHERTKOV
2) 43) text: Yes, but we will pay for it. Sergeyenko, Chertkov's joyless secretary, and Valentin stand on a second storey porch looking out across the central lawn where a number of young Tolstoyans tend the garden, work to put up a chicken coop.
5) 63) text: When he was writing it, long before Chertkov created that monstrosity at Telyatinki, before all this "new religion" and revolutionary nonsense... (beat) What do you think of Chertkov, by the way? VALENTIN
6) 6) text: Chertkov's notions of virtuous behavior are calculated to destroy me. ANDREY
6) 8) text: There is nothing more pathetic than impoverished aristocrats. She walks out of the room. 39   EXT. GROUNDS. YASNAYA POLYANA. DAY. And into the drive to greet Chertkov. He moves immediatel to her, offers her his hand and an unctuous smile. SOFYA
6) 9) text: Vladimir Grigorevich, what a surprise. CHERTKOV
6) 16) text: I hope my work is pleasing to Leo Nikolayevich. CHERTKOV
6) 18) text: What do you mean? CHERTKOV
6) 20) text: It's not quite so obvious to me. CHERTKOV
6) 21) text: Because she is duplicitous. You are very bright. Too bright to let her into you. Chertkov fixes the boy with his intense gaze. CHERTKOV
6) 24) text: I do. CHERTKOV
6) 27) dialog: Good, of course it is. (beat) Do you think the Countess suspects something? VALENTIN
6) 28) text: Well, I think the Countess is very suspicios by nature. CHERTKOV
6) 30) text: I don´t think she likes you very much. CHERTKOV
6) 33) dialog: We simply want to distribute Tolstoy's work to the widest audience possible. She just has no understanding what it is we are trying to do. There´s nothing in it for any of us but a real chance to increase the world´s happiness. He takes Valentin's hand. CHERTKOV
6) 34) text: I can only be of limited help to the master if I don't know what's going on. Any effort she makes to shore up control of the copyright, I must know. The survival of our movement depends on it. Remember who your friends are. What you've come here to do. Chertkov turns away to watch the countryside. Valentin stares straight ahead, his nose twitches slightly.
7) 35) text: Let me go out first...give me five minutes... Masha just looks at him. 50   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. DAY. A Tolstoyan photo op. A delegation of orphans have come t pay their respects to Tolstoy. He sits in a chair beside Chertkov beneath a large banner : "Leo Tolstoy, Friend of the People.". Behind him, the disciples lay out a vegetarian feast on a plank table. Photographers and a cinematographer are strategically positioned to record th event. Each child gives Tolstoy a flower. Chertkov, in turn, han each child a photograph of the Count giving money to the poor. Valentin enters, flushed and blushing. He pauses beside Dushan who records the scene in his diary, tears in his eyes. DUSHAN
7) 44) text: We're happy to have you with us. Tolstoy notices a mosquito on Valentin's cheek. He takes the bug between his big fingers, squeezes until it pops. Chertkov watches in horror, whispers loudly. CHERTKOV
7) 46) text: What do you mean? He motions to the photographers. CHERTKOV
7) 47) text: You've killed a living thing. Chertkov hears a laugh behind him.   It is Masha who has over heard the whole thing. CHERTKOV
7) 49) text: It's absurd. That's all. Chertkov is taken aback.   Valentin stares at her.
7) 53) text: Forgive him. He can't help it. He's a better Tolstoyan than I am. She can't help laughing again. Valentin sees the color ri in Chertkov's face. CHERTKOV
7) 55) text: From my mother "Nerves dreadful. Stop. Insomnia. Stop. Pulse 100. Stop. Please come home. 51   INT. TELYATINKI. CHERTKOV'S STUDY. DAY. Chertkov is there. Tolstoy, Valentin and Sasha. SASHA
7) 58) text: Who taught her to use that damned machine? Valentin starts to sneeze, stifles it, starts again, stifles, starts, explodes. Guilty. CHERTKOV
9) 26) text: Laughing about the fact that you've developed a senile crush on a fat middle aged flatterer. Your passion for Chertkov has become a standing joke. TOLSTOY
11) 0) text: CHERTKOV and SERGEYENKO look through a crack in the interior window. THEIR POV - the Countess on the sofa drinking a glass of tea. Valentin enters from the meeting room. VALENTIN
11) 1) text: She's here to question you about the new will. Chertkov nervous, tugs at his moustache. CHERTKOV
11) 3) text: She claims Leo Nikolayevich told her she could examine the draft. CHERTKOV
11) 5) text: It doesn't seem petty to me. CHERTKOV
11) 7) text: He`s her life. The work, in her mind, is theirs...together. CHERTKOV
11) 9) text: I'm talking about their history -- - simply that. CHERTKOV
11) 14) text: And I'm happy to make you happy...always. She looks at him curiously. CHERTKOV
11) 16) text: Your moustache is... Drooping, one side of it anyway. CHERTKOV
11) 18) text: Let me get to the point. Vladimir Grigorivich, I don't wish to be your enemy. I'm delighted that my husband has a friend who understands and shares his ideals. All I want is what's reasonable - an opportunity to evaluate the new will. If you agree, I'm sure we can be friends. CHERTKOV
11) 20) text: (to Bulgakov) Leo Nikolayevich has agreed, hasn't he Val- CHERTKOV
12) 1) text: Ivan, who's wearing that awful perfume? Ivan a gesture indicating an elaborate moustache. She ste into the hall in time to see Tolstoy, Chertkov, Valentin and Sasha disappear into the library, ducks back into her room to avoid being seen
13) 0) text: Chertkov, Sasha, Dushan, Valentin and Tolstoy sit in a little clump by his desk. Tolstoy his head in his hands, looks at the floor.
13) 1) dialog: I hate to say it but the Countess has become more and more dangerous.
13) 3) dialog: (to Tolstoy)
13) 7) dialog: You've been more than reasonable. She already controls the income from your property.
13) 9) dialog: We're speaking only of the rights to your words, your ideas.
13) 13) text: She's my wife. She´s part of me. We've been together now, so many years.... Chertkov drives the point home. CHERTKOV
14) 0) text: Chertkov pushes his point.
14) 1) dialog: She's unstable...I wonder if she isn't ill. DUSHAN
14) 3) text: I know it´s hard for you, papa. But we must be realistic. We pan to the french doors to see Sofya furious face as s listens to the betrayal. CHERTKOV (O.S.)
14) 9) text: Give everything you've got to him, your fat little catamite. "What will it be, my dearest dear, my Vladimir Grigorivich? My wife's heart on a platter? Her kidneys? With salt? But of course, my dear Chertkov, whatever pleases you. The china. The estate. Permanent copyright on everything I've ever written? Anything for you, my love."
14) 16) text: You'll kill him, Mama. That's what you want, isn't it? You want him to die!" She helps him up, takes him to his bedroom. Valentin follows. She looks at Chertkov. SOFYA
14) 17) text: You! Don't think you deceive me for one little moment! I know exactly what you're doing. I want to see the will. It's my right, in the name of god. CHERTKOV
14) 19) text: You.   I'm afraid of you. Chertkov looks at her with undisguised disgust. CHERTKOV
14) 22) text: Tell them anything you like. Go ahead. Ruin us. CHERTKOV
14) 24) text: Why can't my husband see you for what you are? Chertkov's face is red. He starts to speak, stops. He wal to the door, then very deliberately.
14) 25) dialog: If I had a wife like you, I would have blown my brains out long ago. (beat)
14) 49) text: Not to Chertkov, but I shall go. SOFYA
15) 6) text: Chertkov spoke with me this afternoon. He says I could be more useful there...which means... Valentin shakes his head. His lip trembles. VALENTIN
15) 7) text: This is him punishing us, punishing me for befriending Sofya Andreyevna. For not... This is Chertkov. MASHA
15) 32) text: You rest now. Valentin watches from the doorway as Tolstoy leaves the bedside and walks out. 83   EXT. ZASYEKA WOODS. DAY. It is an autumn afternoon. Valentin and Tolstoy pick thei way through the thick undergrowth. As they come into a clearing. Valentin is surprised to se a portable table and several chairs set up like lawyers office in the middle of the wood. Sergeyenko fiddles with piece of paper on the desk. Chertkov comes toward them. Tolstoy stops his horse. He turns to Valentin with tears his eyes. TOLSTOY
15) 33) text: You see, I no longer feel I have a choice in the matter. She isn't... He rides forward toward the approaching Chertkov.
15) 36) text: Is it? They help Tolstoy dismount. They lead him to a nearby stu and place the writing board before him. Sergeyenko hands document to Chertkov who lays it on the board. CHERTKOV
15) 38) text: Monumentous. CHERTKOV
15) 39) text: Your work is the birthright of the Russian people. Now, they possess it forever. Tolstoy looks up at them. CHERTKOV
15) 41) text: I need a pen. CHERTKOV
15) 42) text: Of course. Chertkov looks at Sergeyenko who swallows hard. No pen. SERGEYENKO
15) 43) text: I...uh... CHERTKOV
15) 44) text: What? Sergeyenko moves close to Chertkov, close enough to whisper. CHERTKOV
15) 46) text: He's a secretary, too.      Ask him. CHERTKOV
15) 49) text: I do. Valentin fetches it from his satchel. Pen in hand, Tolstoy hovers over the document. A long moment. CHERTKOV
15) 51) text: I feel like a conspirator. Sergeyenko laughs. Chertkov glares at him. It's beyond awkward. Valentin looks to the sky, sees the crows circling again. Without further hesitation, Tolstoy picks up the pen and signs the document. Then he moves away from the group. Valentin watches him. 84   EXT. ZASYEKA WOODS. DAY. Valentin and Tolstoy water their horses at a stream. Tolstoy seems weary.
15) 59) text: And now this. Tolstoy reaches into his boot, extracts his SECRET DIARY. He takes a pen from his shirt, begins to write. Valentin amazed. HE HAD A PEN ALL THE TIME. 85   INT. TELYATINKI. MEETING ROOM. NIGHT. Valentin exhausted, sits at the long table.   Chertkov appears at his office door. CHERTKOV
15) 61) text: I'm a secretary, after all. Chertkov let's it go. CHERTKOV
15) 66) text: I am going to Moscow. CHERTKOV
15) 68) text: Look, you say the movement's about love- CHERTKOV
15) 70) text: But I've never met mankind, only men and women, imperfect men, imperfect women. CHERTKOV
15) 71) text: Leo Nikolayevich also teaches us love can not be weakminded. Go. You won't be missed ...a naive sentimentalist Valentin looks at him for a long moment, then bursts out laughing, walks away CHERTKOV
17) 0) text: Sofya sits in a chair, firing shot after shot at the photograph of Chertkov. Tolstoy and Valentin enter. TOLSTOY
19) 11) dialog: Bulgakov! Where is he?    Take me to him. As they make their way across the tracks, Chertkov can barely contain his glee.
19) 13) dialog: He left...astonishing...He actually, finally left.
19) 15) dialog: It's a triumph for the movement. 122   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. DAY. Valentin leads Chertkov through the door. Chertkov stops short, whispers
19) 16) dialog: He looks so small. Now, Tolstoy sees him, wakes up, smiles.
19) 19) dialog: My dear friend, waht is all of this?
19) 22) dialog: I've made a point not to.
19) 24) dialog: And we'll be ready.
19) 37) text: She moves with purpose across the tracks and through the throng Reporters pelt her with questions. 126   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. DAY. Chertkov, Sasha and Valentin watch through the window.
19) 39) text: Chertkov starts to put on his coat.
19) 40) dialog: Not before she stops to tell them lies, catalogue my atrocities.
19) 58) dialog: Do you really want to do this here? She does her best to ignore him.
19) 75) dialog: Are you finished? A pause. Sofya is suddenly aware of the crowd around her.
20) 0) text: Valentin comes into the room, acknowledges Chertkov who sits at his makeshift desk going through letters and cables. He goes to the bedside, stops next to Dushan. Silence, interrupted only by Tolstoy's incessant hiccups. Valentin notices Dushan is on the verge of tears.
20) 6) dialog: You're imagining things.
20) 9) dialog: She's at home.
21) 0) text: Where Chertkov has made a makeshift office. He pores through the cables, letters and telegrams that litter the station master's dining table. He holds one up for Valentin.
21) 1) dialog: Kind thoughts from George Bernard Shaw. Valentin walks to the table.
21) 3) dialog: Keep your voice down.
21) 5) dialog: What exactly do you think she will bring him?
21) 7) dialog: I´ll tell you what she´ll bring...Vanity, fuss and noise.
21) 9) dialog: What? Promised you what? You´ve seen her at close quarters, boy. You think she´s capable of restraining herself?
21) 11) dialog: You're a victim of her romantic nonsense. You seem to forget she wants to destroy everything we do. She travels with that unctious little priest.
21) 14) dialog: These people are vultures. They send in at the last moment and welcome him back to the church. That's their fantasy. (beat)
21) 17) dialog: I will do everything in my power to prevent that.
21) 19) dialog: I used to think you were just naive, Valentin, maybe a little stupid.   I see now you're more dangerous than she is. He turns back at the door.
22) 0) text: Dushan appears in the doorway. Solemn, he gestures for hi to come inside. Valentin stands. 140   INT. ASTAPOVO. PRIVATE TRAIN CARRIAGE. NIGHT. Sofya watches the two figures disappear inside. 141   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. NIGHT. Valentin sees Chertkov standing near the bed. Dushan returns to the chair next to Tolstoy. His cheeks are damp his breathing irregular.
22) 11) dialog: It's almost over. Sasha looks at him, shakes her head.
22) 13) dialog: He won´t know who she is anyway. 142   INT. ASTAPOVO. TRAIN CARRIAGE. NIGHT. Everyone sleeps but Sofya. There is a knock on the door. Sofya opens it. It is Sasha. A pause.
22) 31) text: Please forgive me if I cry a little now. Tolstoy continues to struggle, then silence, silence. Sasha starts to sob. Sofya reaches out to her daughter. Sasha comes to her mother who holds her. She feels someone next to her.   She looks up. It's Chertkov. CHERTKOV
22) 33) text: It's alright. What happens from now on... it will never really matter. Not really. Everything's finished. Chertkov sits beside them. She turns to Dushan. SOFYA