0) 0) text: High angle of the steam train travelling through a wide river valley. The stack belching smoke against the Russia sky. 2   INT. SECOND CLASS CARRIAGE. COUNTRY SIDE. DAY. Leo Tolstoy (80), sits writing on his lapboard. He is qui simply the greatest living writer in the world. His devotion to pacifism, his rejection of the trappings of Orthodoxy in favor of a simple Christian lifestyle convin many to regard him as a living saint. With him are his mu younger wife, the COUNTESS SOFYA, favorite daughter SASHA and his personal physician DUSHAN MAKOVITSKY. Sasha and Dushan write in their diaries. Sofya looks from one to th next a little impatient. The train begins to slow.
2) 0) text: Where Tolstoy, awake and dressed, sits on his bed, pen in hand, writing in his diary. Dushan sits next to him, taki his pulse. TOLSTOY
2) 2) dialog: Let me finish. TOLSTOY
2) 4) dialog: Your pulse is my responsibility... (MORE)
2) 11) text: I think it's none of the world's business. She looks at Dushan who is transcribing every word into h diary. He does it with all the master's conversations. SOFYA
2) 13) text: (smiling) Dushan Petrovich, you're scribbling again? Tolstoy moves with energy and purpose toward the door. SOFYA
2) 23) text: I doubt it not, my dear. DUSHAN
2) 25) dialog: Count Tolstoy, you've forgotten your coat. Meanwhile Sofya notices a photographic portrait of Chertk on the wall. She takes it down and tosses it in the corner. 12   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. GROUNDS. DAY. As Tolstoy appears on the porch, we hear the WHIR of cameras. A crowd of photographers, film cameramen, journalists, and disciples try to catch a glimpse of the master. Dushan steps in front of him.
2) 29) text: These people are bandits. DUSHAN
2) 34) text: God bless you, Tolstoy. Thank you. DUSHAN
5) 0) text: Sofya, Sasha, Valentin, ANDREY, Tolstoy's son, and Tolsto all clustered around a table taking tea. Dushan stands ne the group fiddling with a gramophone that sits on a small table. SOFYA
5) 15) text: Oh, that's good...that's good. Dushan, having sat at table, tries surreptitiously to get down Tolstoy's words in the diary he holds below the tabl Sofya flushes with anger. VALENTIN
5) 17) text: Stop scribbling! (points to her husband) You all think he's Christ, don't you? He thinks he's Christ. There is an awkward pause. DUSHAN
5) 19) text: But what? DUSHAN
5) 27) text: In defense of my gift, let me demonstrate. It's quite remarkable, really. He gets up, places a record on the gramophone, needle on the record. What comes forth is not music, but Tolstoy's voice. It is a recording of a recent speech against capital punishment. His voice booms, tinny and distorted. Dushan walks to the machine, stares at it in awe. Valentin is completely caught up in the technology. VALENTIN
5) 29) text: It's tiresome. Another remarkable invention will supercede it. Valentin blushes and looks at the table. Dushan tries to hide his disappointment. TOLSTOY
5) 30) text: Please excuse me. Tolstoy rises, leaves the table, walks out onto the lawn. Dushan gets up quickly, bumping the table as he goes. Tea spills. Valentin moves to wipe it up, sneezes, a barrage irritable blessings. DUSHAN
5) 31) text: Leo Nikolayevich is something of a Luddite, I fear. Sofya crosses to the machine, removes the record from the gramophone, replaces it with another Dushan has brought. Suddenly, the air is filled with   the final duet from Mozart's Il Nozze di Figaro. She   returns to her place. There is a long moment where all   take in the sublimity it. Tolstoy walks slowly back to   the table. He stands completely still. Tears fill his   eyes and roll down his cheeks.
7) 35) text: Let me go out first...give me five minutes... Masha just looks at him. 50   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. DAY. A Tolstoyan photo op. A delegation of orphans have come t pay their respects to Tolstoy. He sits in a chair beside Chertkov beneath a large banner : "Leo Tolstoy, Friend of the People.". Behind him, the disciples lay out a vegetarian feast on a plank table. Photographers and a cinematographer are strategically positioned to record th event. Each child gives Tolstoy a flower. Chertkov, in turn, han each child a photograph of the Count giving money to the poor. Valentin enters, flushed and blushing. He pauses beside Dushan who records the scene in his diary, tears in his eyes. DUSHAN
7) 56) text: Don't give in to her, Papa. It'll never end...I swear to God, that woman has an instinct for knowing when you're just about to enjoy yourself A knock on the door. Valentin opens it. It's Dushan with another cable. Tolstoy gestures for him to read it aloud. DUSHAN
13) 0) text: Chertkov, Sasha, Dushan, Valentin and Tolstoy sit in a little clump by his desk. Tolstoy his head in his hands, looks at the floor.
14) 11) text: Give me that. Give it to me, you little weasel. She grabs the offending volume. The struggle begins. DUSHAN
14) 51) text: Dushan says you're killing me. Sofya rises up in cold rage. SOFYA
14) 56) dialog: SOFYA
14) 57) text: You'll destroy me. Dushan runs into the room. Sofya continues to tear at her clothes, stops, begins to pant, then falls to the floor i a faint.
14) 59) text: Is she alright? Tolstoy tries to answer, but is overcome by a coughing fi Dushan starts toward him but Tolstoy waves him in the direction of Sofya. He kneels beside her. DUSHAN
14) 61) text: My back. My back... I'm hurting. DUSHAN
14) 62) text: You're lying on a fork. Sit up and you'll improve markedly...Valentin, help to get her upstairs, would you? Valentin helps Sofya to her feet. Dushan gets up himself and walks to Tolstoy. DUSHAN
15) 19) text: I know you do...I know. Then she's gone. 82   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SOFYA'S BEDROOM/HALLWAY. DAY. Sofya in her bed. A team of doctors hover over her. One o them peers into her eyes with a sextant-like instrument. We move into the hall to find DR. ROSSOLIMO, an expert in mental illness, conferring in the hall with Tolstoy and Dushan. ROSSOLIMO
15) 21) dialog: Yes. The doctor walks back into the bedroom. Tolstoy red in th face, walks away down the hall. Dushan catches him. TOLSTOY
15) 23) dialog: He's an old friend, you know, from Rome. TOLSTOY
15) 24) text: And astoundingly stupid in the way of all scientists. Dushan is wounded by his uncharacteristic lack of generosity.
15) 26) text: I'm sorry, my friend, but this is all very upsetting to me. DUSHAN
15) 28) text: Take them downstairs. Thank them for me. Offer them a drink. DUSHAN
15) 30) text: Valentin Fedorovich will stay with me, won't you, boy Valentin nods. Dushan goes to collect the doctors. MOMENTS LATER-Tolstoy goes to Sofya's bed. He takes her hand. She looks at him with all the love of a new bride. Tears come to his eyes. He kisses her hand. SOFYA
17) 20) text: Where will you go? No one responds. Dushan comes to Tolstoy, sits down and begins the ritual taking of the pulse. Meanwhile, Sasha wraps a heavy fur coat around his shoulders. She smiles a him. SASHA
17) 22) dialog: A lantern, I think. It's very dark tonight. (beat)
17) 24) text: Everything's ready. Dushan climbs into the carriage. Tolstoy turns abruptly a walks back toward the house.
18) 43) dialog: 
18) 60) dialog: I know. Stay back. Tolstoy stirs.
18) 62) dialog: It's alright. Everything's fine. He reaches out to touch Tolstoy's forehead. He goes pale.
18) 64) dialog: Let me take your temperature. The old man lifts his shirt, takes the thermometer under his arm. Dushan reaches for his wrist. Valentin and Sasha look at each other, wait for the vital signs. He takes th thermometer from Tolstoy, reads it. He's clearly shaken.
18) 66) dialog: Good, good. Yes. He drifts off again, Dushan stares at the thermometer. Hi eyes fill with tears.
18) 68) dialog: He will be fine.
18) 73) dialog: Yes. They help Tolstoy up. A little bearded man, the station master, waits to escort them.
19) 27) dialog: I'm sorry, but it's time for your enema.
19) 45) dialog: Yes I'll...uhm...
19) 47) text: Dushan is terrified. Valentin arrives at the platform.
20) 0) text: Valentin comes into the room, acknowledges Chertkov who sits at his makeshift desk going through letters and cables. He goes to the bedside, stops next to Dushan. Silence, interrupted only by Tolstoy's incessant hiccups. Valentin notices Dushan is on the verge of tears.
20) 2) dialog: Listen to him. I'm supposed to be a doctor, for God's sake. Weak, feverish, Tolstoy sits up in bed.   Sasha moves to help him.
20) 4) dialog: What is it? What is it? Valentin goes to Tolstoy. He's in a kind of panic. Chertk comes into the room.
20) 7) dialog: It's true, Leo Nikolayevich.
22) 0) text: Dushan appears in the doorway. Solemn, he gestures for hi to come inside. Valentin stands. 140   INT. ASTAPOVO. PRIVATE TRAIN CARRIAGE. NIGHT. Sofya watches the two figures disappear inside. 141   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. NIGHT. Valentin sees Chertkov standing near the bed. Dushan returns to the chair next to Tolstoy. His cheeks are damp his breathing irregular.
22) 2) dialog: His pulse, you see... Dushan begins to cry. Suddenly, Tolstoy becomes lucid.
22) 29) text: First cessation. A general sense of panic at the proximity of death. Tolst fights for a last breath. DUSHAN
22) 33) text: It's alright. What happens from now on... it will never really matter. Not really. Everything's finished. Chertkov sits beside them. She turns to Dushan. SOFYA
22) 34) text: Dushan, could you tell them your great friend is gone? DUSHAN
22) 38) dialog: At ten minutes after six in the morning, a great soul passed from our world. Leo Nikoleyevich Tolstoy is dead. As Dushan finishes his tribute, a single voice begins to sing the old Russian hymn, Eternal Memory. Gradually, mor and more of the crowd picks it up. Valentin begins to sin His eyes run over the crowd of mourners. Then, something stops the flow of his gaze. His eyes fill with tears.