4) 3) text: Papa's out. You can wait in the library. Ivan will show you up. She disappears. He hears a door close. He notices a surly house servant, IVAN, who, inexplicably, leads a goat through the house. He points upstairs and walks away. 24   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. DAY. Alone now among Tolstoy's books, Valentin makes his way slowly to a writing table, the holy of holies, on which W and Peace and Anna Karenina were written. He runs his han along the old wood top. Emboldened by a backward glance, sits in Tolstoy's chair. Before him are stacks of letters pens and pencils, a pot of India ink. There's a notebook lying open. He leans forward to read it. A noise in the hall stops him. Tolstoy enters from the dining room, red cheeked, beard dripping wet, the energy of a man ten years younger than is. Valentin stands. TOLSTOY
5) 44) text: I'm sorry. Sometimes I sneeze when I'm nervous. She regards him like an animal in the zoo. Ivan appears a the door. SASHA
5) 45) text: What is it? IVAN
5) 49) text: She is looking for allies. Pay attention. This is war. 30   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SITTING ROOM. NIGHT. Sofya is settled on a divan in a small room off the dinin room. Valentin sits beside her holding a glass of tea. SOFYA
12) 0) text: Sofya wakes up. She looks relaxed, then she sniffs, sniff again. Out of bed, she grabs a dressing gown. Opening her door, she spots Ivan in the hall. SOFYA
12) 1) text: Ivan, who's wearing that awful perfume? Ivan a gesture indicating an elaborate moustache. She ste into the hall in time to see Tolstoy, Chertkov, Valentin and Sasha disappear into the library, ducks back into her room to avoid being seen
17) 59) text: She's dead. My mother. She's dead. Ivan takes action. He rolls her on to her stomach, works expel water from her lungs. This goes on for an agonizing length of time. Valentin looks to the sky... dull and gra Then a sound, coughing sputtering. She is alive. Sasha, Valentin, and the servants help up. SASHA
17) 63) text: Ivan, go to the station. Find out which train the master took. Ivan looks at Sasha for approval. SASHA
17) 64) text: I see no harm in it. Let's get her to bed. Valentin nods. Ivan appears beside him. IVAN
18) 6) dialog: A message, miss.
18) 8) dialog: No, for your father. From the Countess, miss.
18) 10) dialog: She's addressed it to train number 9. That's the train the master took. The station master told me...
18) 20) dialog: He gave me this as well...the stationmaster. A note for you. Sasha opens it, reads. She looks up, flushed with excitement.