3) 12) text: That's very kind of you. MASHA
3) 13) text: It's your first day. Enjoy it. She sits on the bed. He's a little taken aback, not used this degree of familiarity. It makes no impression on Masha. MASHA
3) 15) text: Last night. MASHA
3) 17) text: He seems very sincere. Masha hands him his tea. VALENTIN
3) 18) text: Thank you. Why are you laughing? MASHA
3) 20) text: I said he seems very... Why? MASHA
3) 22) text: I just arrived...What's your name? MASHA
3) 23) text: Masha. But you should still say what you think. Not just about him. We all should. VALENTIN
3) 24) text: Thank you for the tea. Their eyes meet, hold. Valentin's discomfort increases. MASHA
5) 83) text: He didn't need me this afternoon. He gets down off his horse. Masha continues to chop. He picks up an axe, holds it awkwardly.
5) 85) text: Don't you find that reactionary? MASHA
5) 86) text: No, I find it sweet. I find you reactionary. She laughs. Valentin picks up a log, sets it on end and begins to chop. He doesn't do it well. Masha smiles at hi struggle. MASHA
5) 87) text: He admires you, I believe. What's she saying? MASHA
5) 90) text: Tolstoy's kind to everyone. The log is stuck to the blade of his axe. He's really struggling now. MASHA
5) 92) text: We talk about me. MASHA
5) 94) text: He wants to know everything about me, my parents, my relations with women, my experience of god - He looks up to see Masha smiling at him. MASHA
5) 95) text: And what relations are these? Valentin blushes, goes back to trying to chopping. Almost immediately the log becomes stuck to the blade of the axe He bangs it, bangs it trying to free it. He glances up to see her still looking at him. He pounds again and again. She stops, reaches for his axe, touching him as she does. She lifts the big axe, log and all, above her head, bringing it down hard. The log splits. She hands the axe him. MASHA
5) 97) text: At school? MASHA
5) 102) text: No...I appreciate your frankness MASHA
5) 104) text: I don't. Not at all...I think sexual activity...how men and women combine their physical parts is completely neutral. MASHA
5) 106) text: That's not fair MASHA
5) 108) text: I'm going. He puts down the axe. MASHA
5) 109) text: Do as you like. She goes back to chopping. We track in front of him as he walks toward the house. The chopping stops. MASHA
5) 110) text: Valentin Fedorovich. He stops, relieved and turns to face her. MASHA
7) 5) dialog: Ssshh. She begins to move against him. Their faces touch. She doesn't kiss him, but he can feel her breath. She sits up MASHA
7) 8) dialog: Your book. It's true. Valentin still clutches the diary to his chest He puts it aside. Masha, then, pulls her nightdress over head, exposing her small breasts, her flat stomach.
7) 11) text: What...what is it? MASHA
7) 13) dialog: I'm playing. It's fine. It's wonderful... (beat)
7) 14) text: Hold me. He does, as if he'll never release her. 48   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. MORNING. Activity in the compound. Chairs on the lawn, a banner being erected, a long table being set. Preparations being made. 49   INT. TELYATINKI. VALENTIN'S ROOM. MORNING. Light spills into Valentin's room. He lies with his arms around naked Masha. VALENTIN
7) 15) text: Wake up, wake up. MASHA
7) 17) text: I want to ask you something..Say it again. MASHA
7) 21) dialog: What do you mean?
7) 23) dialog: You mean, why does someone who doesn't follow the rules come to a place like this?
7) 24) dialog: ..it's not about rules.    Not for Tolstoy anyway... A knock at the door startles them.
7) 35) text: Let me go out first...give me five minutes... Masha just looks at him. 50   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. DAY. A Tolstoyan photo op. A delegation of orphans have come t pay their respects to Tolstoy. He sits in a chair beside Chertkov beneath a large banner : "Leo Tolstoy, Friend of the People.". Behind him, the disciples lay out a vegetarian feast on a plank table. Photographers and a cinematographer are strategically positioned to record th event. Each child gives Tolstoy a flower. Chertkov, in turn, han each child a photograph of the Count giving money to the poor. Valentin enters, flushed and blushing. He pauses beside Dushan who records the scene in his diary, tears in his eyes. DUSHAN
7) 40) text: Now, who is this? Maria Filipovna. Masha comes to stand beside him. She glances at Valentin but he won't make eye contact with her. TOLSTOY
7) 43) text: Dear Masha, Valentin tells me you're the great treasure of Telyatinki. He claims you're a very gifted teacher. Sergeyenko lifts an eyebrow "Indeed.". Valentin is in agony. MASHA
7) 47) text: You've killed a living thing. Chertkov hears a laugh behind him.   It is Masha who has over heard the whole thing. CHERTKOV
7) 48) text: Do you have something to say? MASHA
7) 51) text: What are you saying? MASHA
9) 0) text: Valentin sits by himself on the porch, writes in his diar Down below, some of the disciples listen to peasants play music around a bonfire. A voice from the darkness. MASHA
9) 2) text: Masha. You are not supposed to smoke at Telyatinki. MASHA
9) 4) text: It was difficult in front of the others. MASHA
9) 6) text: I'm not sure I was conscious of God. Masha emerges from the shadows, but keeps her distance. MASHA
9) 8) text: No... MASHA
9) 10) text: You make it sound very simple. MASHA
11) 28) text: Masha will be overjoyed. Valentin's nose twitches. He looks at the floor. SOFYA (O.S.)
11) 33) text: Masha is a friend.
11) 44) text: What do any of them know about love? 65   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. DAY. Masha carries two water buckets suspended from a pole across her shoulders. Arriving at a stream, she takes eac bucket and fills it. It's hot work. Pausing a moment, she kneels to splash water on her face. Another P.O.V. - someone watches her from the trees. As Masha wets a cloth, puts it around her neck. Suddenly someone grabs her from behind. She screams, wrestle her way free. She turns to see Valentin, flushed, smiling, excited. He steps toward her, kicks over one of the buckets. VALENTIN
11) 50) text: All I could think of was you. Masha shakes her head, moves away from him. Begins to gather the pole, to refill the spilled bucket. Stops her, turns her to him. VALENTIN
11) 51) text: What's wrong? MASHA
11) 54) text: I love you, Masha! MASHA
11) 55) text: Maybe you could help me a little. In silence, he gets the filled buckets balanced on the pole. Without another word, Masha starts toward the buildings. He doesn't know what to do. He's losing her. H shouts. VALENTIN
11) 56) text: Masha... She turns
11) 58) text: Before the other night...I'd committed the act of copulation many times in my heart. He has her attention now, as well as that of a number of the disciples who look up from their work in the yard. MASHA
11) 60) text: I think about you all the time. In my heart IВґve comitted the act of copulation many times. I just want to say...It was never like it was with you. Masha bursts out laughing. MASHA
15) 0) text: Valentin sits at the bonfire, with other disciples. After while he walks towards the house. 81   INT. TELYATINKI. KITCHEN. NIGHT. It's late. The house is quiet. Valentin walks into the kitchen to see Masha washing the dishes. Exhausted, he sits, stares at the floor. VALENTIN
15) 2) text: Masha, whatВґs the matter? She speaks without turning to him.
15) 5) text: What? He gets up, goes to her. MASHA
15) 7) text: This is him punishing us, punishing me for befriending Sofya Andreyevna. For not... This is Chertkov. MASHA
15) 9) text: I don't care. You can't go away. I'll talk to him. I'll make him change his mind. iВґm going to make you stay. MASHA
15) 11) text: What? MASHA
15) 13) text: You canВґt leave Tolstoy. MASHA
15) 14) text: I am not. Look, when I read his Confession, it moved me, Valya. He was searching for freedom. Freedom from anger. Freedom from attachment. Freedom from all the superstition and nonsense of the church. It moved me so much. I thought that's what it would be about. Isn't that what it's about? Freedom and love? But they mix it all up. Masha reaches out and puts her arms around him. Her head falls against his shoulder.
15) 16) text: Come with me. Please. Bulgakov doesn't know what to say. The silence gets more awkward as it gets longer. Slowly, she disengages herself from him,looks him in the eye. She nods. MASHA
15) 18) text: Don't leave me, Masha... I need you. She turns back for a moment. MASHA
22) 41) dialog: Yes. Yes. I know, but I came for you, Valya. I came for you, too.
22) 43) dialog: Then, hold me. Hold me. Hold me. The song, the voices swell around them.   They hold each other like they will never let go. 146   EXT. ASTAPOVO. PLATFORM. DAY. A black draped funeral train waits in the station. Many mourners are congregated on the platform. Chertkov comes out of the little house, followed by Andrey, Valentin and Dushan carrying Tolstoy's coffin to the train. Sofya appears with Sasha, who escorts her through the crowd. The Orthodox priest approaches .