0) 0) text: High angle of the steam train travelling through a wide river valley. The stack belching smoke against the Russia sky. 2   INT. SECOND CLASS CARRIAGE. COUNTRY SIDE. DAY. Leo Tolstoy (80), sits writing on his lapboard. He is qui simply the greatest living writer in the world. His devotion to pacifism, his rejection of the trappings of Orthodoxy in favor of a simple Christian lifestyle convin many to regard him as a living saint. With him are his mu younger wife, the COUNTESS SOFYA, favorite daughter SASHA and his personal physician DUSHAN MAKOVITSKY. Sasha and Dushan write in their diaries. Sofya looks from one to th next a little impatient. The train begins to slow.
0) 1) dialog: Why are we slowing down? No one responds. Slower. Slower.
0) 2) dialog: We're stopping. Why are we stopping?
0) 4) dialog: Excuse me, why has the train stopped?
0) 7) dialog: But if they block the track, the train can't go...YOU HAVE TO MAKE THEM MOVE.
0) 9) dialog: Oh, they won't move. We are gonna die here. Leo, Leo, go and say something to them. It's the only way we are gonna get out of here. The chanting grows in intensity. Tolstoy gets to his feet walks to the window, shows himself to the crowd. A great shout goes up. Tolstoy lifts his hand for silence. Gradually, it comes.
0) 15) dialog: Darling. She lies next to him, something girlish, hopeful in her face, as if waiting for him to wake up and adore her, but he sleeps on. She carefully takes his arm, positions it under her neck, and rolling toward him, wraps it around her. The image of love's intimacy, of wedded bliss. His hand slips off her shoulder, once, twice. She moves awkwardly to replace it. He moves a little toward her. Sh kisses his neck, his cheek. We don't know if he's awake, but even this shadow of intimacy penetrates her soul.
1) 22) text: Sofya Andreyevna does not respect his privacy. VALENTIN
1) 27) text: I need to know everything that goes on at Yasnaya Polyana. Let me know who visits the house, any talk of the copyright to his work, any contact with the church, what letters come and go. (beat) Anything Sofya Andreyevna says.
1) 33) text: Write everything down! Go! 10   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. GROUNDS. MORNING. SOFYA. Black and white film of her being handed the newspapers at the step. She looks up at the camera, irritated by its presence. CUTTING OUT TO COLOR we see a cinematographer on the lawn cranking away at his camera. She goes into the house.
2) 6) text: and if you must ride, I insist you wear a coat. Even the sun is cold today. He puts Tolstoy's arm down and hands him his riding boot. Sofya comes ranting into the room carrying several Russia and international dailies. SOFYA
2) 7) text: This is impossible! It really is! These people are parasites! Look... (reading) "Countess Tolstoy has become estranged from her husband. They barely speak." She throws the paper on the floor. SOFYA
2) 8) text: You know who spreads all this rubbish.... She opens another paper, a French daily. SOFYA
2) 10) text: (smiling) Peut-etre. You think that's inaccurate? SOFYA
2) 11) text: I think it's none of the world's business. She looks at Dushan who is transcribing every word into h diary. He does it with all the master's conversations. SOFYA
2) 13) text: (smiling) Dushan Petrovich, you're scribbling again? Tolstoy moves with energy and purpose toward the door. SOFYA
2) 16) text: Riding with Sasha. Don't expect us for lunch. Something strikes him. He walks to his desk, picks up his pen and quickly writes a sentence on a scrap of paper. SOFYA
2) 18) text: What do you mean? SOFYA
2) 20) text: It's not meant to offend you. SOFYA
2) 21) text: But it does offend me, because it offends reason. You're a Count, for God's sake. He puts his pen down, goes to her, kisses her gently on t forehead and leaves the room. SOFYA
2) 39) text: Did you ride this morning? A small crowd collects to watch father and daughter embrace, kiss. A WIDE SHOT of the riders- cutting around we are 13   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. ENTRY/STAIR. CONTINUOUS. Sofya watches her husband and daughter ride away.
5) 0) text: Sofya, Sasha, Valentin, ANDREY, Tolstoy's son, and Tolsto all clustered around a table taking tea. Dushan stands ne the group fiddling with a gramophone that sits on a small table. SOFYA
5) 3) text: It really is the most extraordinary thing. Absolutely ignoring him. SOFYA
5) 6) text: Give it to whom? SOFYA
5) 9) text: It's a keystone of the movement. SOFYA
5) 11) text: If the peasants had money, they wouldn't surround themselves, as we do, with footmen costing ten rubles a month. SOFYA
5) 15) text: Oh, that's good...that's good. Dushan, having sat at table, tries surreptitiously to get down Tolstoy's words in the diary he holds below the tabl Sofya flushes with anger. VALENTIN
5) 16) text: I think...(sneeze) SOFYA
5) 18) text: (flustered) I'm not...I don't believe Leo Nikolayevich is Christ. Christ is Christ but... SOFYA
5) 20) text: I believe he's one of the prophets. God speaks through him. I recognize the cadence in his voice. SOFYA
5) 22) text: Mama, you're being ridiculous. SOFYA
5) 31) text: Leo Nikolayevich is something of a Luddite, I fear. Sofya crosses to the machine, removes the record from the gramophone, replaces it with another Dushan has brought. Suddenly, the air is filled with   the final duet from Mozart's Il Nozze di Figaro. She   returns to her place. There is a long moment where all   take in the sublimity it. Tolstoy walks slowly back to   the table. He stands completely still. Tears fill his   eyes and roll down his cheeks.
5) 49) text: She is looking for allies. Pay attention. This is war. 30   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SITTING ROOM. NIGHT. Sofya is settled on a divan in a small room off the dinin room. Valentin sits beside her holding a glass of tea. SOFYA
5) 52) dialog: Call me Sofya Andreyevna. We don't stand on formality here, as you may have observed. (beat)
5) 54) text: I admire your husband immensely. SOFYA
5) 57) text: His ideas are beautiful...social justice...the idea...Don't you think? Sofya drains her tea cup, signals for more. SOFYA
5) 58) text: He's very grateful for the help you've been giving him. He told me so himself. I think it surprises him that a young man would be so diligent. When he was your age, he was whoring in the Caucasus. Valentin's eyes are wide. She nods. SOFYA
5) 60) text: Thank you. SOFYA
5) 62) text: Many times... twice. Sofya smiles at his honesty. SOFYA
5) 64) text: He's given me an extraordinary opportunity. SOFYA
5) 65) text: But you see what a fool he is, a self-serving puritanical idiot. I have to say, it's been extremely pleasant since they've locked him in his house. Sofya smiles. Valentin is nonplussed by her directness.
5) 67) text: When my husband was writing it, in the mid-sixties, he'd bring me pages to re-copy everyday. I was the only one who could read his handwriting. I could read his intentions, too. Afternoons, we'd drink tea and discuss changes. "Natasha wouldn't say that to Prince Andrey," or "Pierre's too simple here. He's not stupid." She smiles at the memory. SOFYA
5) 68) text: But I don't count anymore. Silence. She sips her tea. She glances out the door to se Sasha hovering nearby. Listening? Sasha walks away. SOFYA
5) 70) text: I don't believe anyone wants to do that. Sofya gives him a condescending smile. She produces a package from the table beside her, hands it to him. SOFYA
5) 71) text: I have a little gift for you He opens it, extracts a small leather bound book. He star at it. SOFYA
5) 73) text: It's a very popular activity around your husband. SOFYA
5) 77) dialog: Nonsense. You've been listening to your friends at Telyatinki... (beat)
5) 80) dialog: More tea?
5) 147) text: My dear, dear man. Tears run down his old cheeks. They embrace again. SOFYA (O.S.)
6) 0) text: Andrey and Sofya stand together at the window, watching t joyful reunion. SOFYA
6) 3) text: My tooth is killing me. SOFYA
6) 5) text: A man'th responthibility ith to hith family. From her POV, we see the two men walk away together arm i arm, talking animatedly. SOFYA
6) 7) text: To dethtroy uth all. SOFYA
6) 8) text: There is nothing more pathetic than impoverished aristocrats. She walks out of the room. 39   EXT. GROUNDS. YASNAYA POLYANA. DAY. And into the drive to greet Chertkov. He moves immediatel to her, offers her his hand and an unctuous smile. SOFYA
6) 10) text: Sofya Andreyevna, I'm happy to see you.
6) 19) text: You send me never ending commentary on Tolstoy's writing. That's all very interesting but not very useful. I need to know what goes on with Sofya Andreyevna. You must see by now she's committed to undermining her husband's best intentions. VALENTIN
7) 57) text: From Sofya Andreyevna. "I beg you. Stop. Unwell. Stop. Hurry back." SASHA
8) 0) text: Close on Sofya lying in bed. She looks ravishing in the candle light. In the background, Tolstoy arrives in the bedroom door. TOLSTOY
8) 1) text: Sofya. A sly smile on her lips, the tension gone from her face, she seems twenty years younger. TOLSTOY
8) 2) text: Sofya, are you ill? She rolls toward him making it clear she's quite naked under the sheets. This is no sick bed. SOFYA
8) 4) text: It's no good, you know, all this. You frightened everyone. SOFYA
8) 6) text: That was some sort of love call? SOFYA
8) 9) dialog: Come out of the dark... where I can see you. He takes a step toward her, then stops.
8) 11) dialog: Look at me. This is who I am. This is what you married. We're older, maybe we're old, but I'm still your little chicken (beat)
8) 13) dialog: Let me make you crow. A pause, then a huge laugh comes up from the very center him. He twists his neck, thrusts his head upward, crows like a rooster. He virtually runs to her, embraces her, kisses her. She i a giddy girl in his arms. He breaks the embrace and begin strutting around the room.
8) 14) dialog: Let me make you sing. He takes her in his arms, again, begins to kiss her neck.
8) 15) dialog: Do you love me?
9) 16) text: No. I feel a little sad, but it is not for me. It's for you. She disappears into the house. Valentin looks after her. 55   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SOFYA'S BEDROOM. MORNING. The Countess wakes to find her bed empty. 56   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. BACK TERRACE. DAY. She comes through the dining room to find Tolstoy on the back terrace. Wrapped in a blanket, he writes in his diar a cup of tea in front of him. SOFYA
9) 18) text: Of course, my dear. He continues to write. She watches him for a long moment. She opens her diary and begins to write as well. SOFYA
9) 20) text: What are you talking about? She continues to write. SOFYA
9) 22) text: About what? Sofya looks at him knowingly.
9) 24) text: Laughing about what? SOFYA
9) 25) text: I don't want to ruin last night. She sips her tea, goes back to her writing. A pause. He follows suit. After a moment... SOFYA
9) 27) text: I have a great affection for Vladimir Grigorivich. Let them laugh if they find it amusing. SOFYA
9) 29) text: We have a great deal in common. SOFYA
9) 31) text: Because he understands what I'm trying to do? Because he tries to help me accomplish it? SOFYA
9) 33) text: This is absolute nonsense. SOFYA
9) 37) dialog: Do you love me, Lyovochka?
9) 39) dialog: Then why would you betray me?
9) 41) dialog: Because of the will?
9) 43) dialog: The new will.
9) 46) dialog: Does Chertkov have it?
9) 48) dialog: But that's why he's come back. You talk about it, you and your boyfriend. You plan for it. You have no heart for the people who really love you. You'd rather be seduced by charlatans and deluded by flatterers, all in the name of love....You can't even love your own children. You can't even love me.
9) 51) text: There is no new will. 58   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. CONTINUOUS. He goes to his desk, tries to ignore her. SOFYA
10) 0) text: Tolstoy looks up from his work. Sofya stands in the doorway. SOFYA
10) 2) text: This is unbearable. You don't want a husband. You want a Greek chorus. Sofya is taken aback by his response. She walks out of th room.
11) 13) text: Sofya Andreyevna, at last, you honour us with your visit. Valentin watches her match him smile for smile. SOFYA
11) 15) text: What is it? SOFYA
11) 17) text: (nodding) It's a problem of the wax. Sofya takes them in. SOFYA
11) 19) text: You're very kind. Sofya Andreyevna. But I can't help you. Not without specific instructions from your husband. SOFYA
11) 21) text: No witness you produce will change my position. But I'll certainly talk to Leo Nikolayevich at the first opportunity. Sofya is livid.
11) 23) dialog: Very well. CHERTKOV
11) 24) text: I want us to be friends, too, Sofya. Leo Nikolayevich is the most valuable thing in the world, for both of us. We should endeavor to set things right between us. Give him peace. Let him work.
11) 25) dialog: Yes. (beat)
11) 28) text: Masha will be overjoyed. Valentin's nose twitches. He looks at the floor. SOFYA (O.S.)
11) 29) text: Have you been keeping something from me? How delightful. 64   EXT. ROAD TO TELYATINKI. DAY. They are back in the droshky, the return trip to Yasnaya Polyana. Valentin doesn't respond. SOFYA
11) 31) text: It's nothing, really. SOFYA
11) 34) dialog: A lover?
11) 36) text: A good friend. SOFYA
11) 37) text: That sounds serious enough. Valentin looks away. SOFYA
11) 40) dialog: You forget that I'm an experienced reader. I can read your face, every letter. It's beautifully clear. (beat)
11) 41) text: Do you love her? Valentin looks at Sofya, tears in his eyes. VALENTIN
11) 43) dialog: Not something they'd understand, these so called disciples of my husband. They've never understood a word he's written. (beat)
12) 0) text: Sofya wakes up. She looks relaxed, then she sniffs, sniff again. Out of bed, she grabs a dressing gown. Opening her door, she spots Ivan in the hall. SOFYA
13) 12) text: With all love and respect, the Countess is too interested in making a profit from your work. 72   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SECOND STORY BALCONY. DAY. Sofya moves along the narrow ledge as if it's a perfectly normal activity.. Looking down, she sees a couple of gawkers watching her from the lawn. She shoos them away. 73   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. DAY. Valentin turns his head. Did he hear something? TOLSTOY
13) 14) text: But you're more than a husband and father. She must understand that. The best interests of the people are one with your own. You belong to them. Valentin glances up...and is shocked to see SOFYA LOOKING IN AT THE STUDY WINDOW. She disappears. 74   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SECOND STORY BALCONY. DAY. Sofya has reached the french doors. She can hear clearly now. TOLSTOY (O.S.)
14) 3) text: I know itВґs hard for you, papa. But we must be realistic. We pan to the french doors to see Sofya furious face as s listens to the betrayal. CHERTKOV (O.S.)
14) 4) text: Do you really think she's fit to control the final disposition of the will? We pan back to the conspirators. Before Tolstoy can respond, Sofya charges into the room. As she does, she steps on the hem of her long dressing gown and ends up sprawled on the floor. The conspirators just stare at her SOFYA
14) 7) dialog: You're all plotting against me. In my own house, too. I bear you thirteen children. How can you betray me like this? (beat)
14) 8) text: Someone help me up. No one moves.   Tolstoy slumps in his chair. SOFYA
14) 12) text: Please, Countess Sofya- SASHA
14) 13) text: Mama, please... She rips the book away and after brandishing it above her head, throws it through the open doors with a guttural, rumbling growl. She turns on her tormentors. SOFYA
14) 16) text: You'll kill him, Mama. That's what you want, isn't it? You want him to die!" She helps him up, takes him to his bedroom. Valentin follows. She looks at Chertkov. SOFYA
14) 18) text: What are you afraid of? SOFYA
14) 23) text: I have too much respect for Leo Nikolayevich. You're lucky. SOFYA
14) 26) text: Or gone to America. He leaves the room. Sofya sinks back to the floor, a flow wilting. She begins to weep. An Aria from Madame Butterfl comes over 78   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. DINING ROOM. NIGHT. From a record on the gramophone. The table is set for ten although no one is at dinner but Sofya Andreyevna and Valentin. He is visibly uncomfortable. An awkward silence VALENTIN
14) 27) text: I hope you're feeling better. SOFYA
14) 30) text: I'm sorry about everything. She smiles. SOFYA
14) 33) text: Our life together has become intolerable. Stifling a sneeze, Valentin gets up to leave,tries to fle the inappropriateness of all this. SOFYA
14) 35) text: Really, I'm expected at Telyatinki. She waves it off. SOFYA
14) 37) text: I didn't come for more recrimination. Despite good cause for alienation between us, I have never stopped loving you. SOFYA
14) 39) text: God knows you don't make it easy. SOFYA
14) 40) text: Why should it be easy? I'm the work of your life. You're the work of mine. Its what love is. Aside to Valentin. SOFYA
14) 46) text: God bless you Tolstoy turns to Sofya. TOLSTOY
14) 47) text: He's right, though. If we cannot live a decent, quiet life, if I cannot work, if I cannot find some peace, I shall simply go away. SOFYA
14) 49) text: Not to Chertkov, but I shall go. SOFYA
14) 51) text: Dushan says you're killing me. Sofya rises up in cold rage. SOFYA
14) 52) text: Then go! Go! Anywhere you please! She smashes a plate on the table to punctuate it and another and another. SOFYA
14) 57) text: You'll destroy me. Dushan runs into the room. Sofya continues to tear at her clothes, stops, begins to pant, then falls to the floor i a faint.
14) 59) text: Is she alright? Tolstoy tries to answer, but is overcome by a coughing fi Dushan starts toward him but Tolstoy waves him in the direction of Sofya. He kneels beside her. DUSHAN
14) 60) text: Sofya! Open your eyes. SOFYA
14) 62) text: You're lying on a fork. Sit up and you'll improve markedly...Valentin, help to get her upstairs, would you? Valentin helps Sofya to her feet. Dushan gets up himself and walks to Tolstoy. DUSHAN
15) 7) text: This is him punishing us, punishing me for befriending Sofya Andreyevna. For not... This is Chertkov. MASHA
15) 19) text: I know you do...I know. Then she's gone. 82   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SOFYA'S BEDROOM/HALLWAY. DAY. Sofya in her bed. A team of doctors hover over her. One o them peers into her eyes with a sextant-like instrument. We move into the hall to find DR. ROSSOLIMO, an expert in mental illness, conferring in the hall with Tolstoy and Dushan. ROSSOLIMO
15) 30) text: Valentin Fedorovich will stay with me, won't you, boy Valentin nods. Dushan goes to collect the doctors. MOMENTS LATER-Tolstoy goes to Sofya's bed. He takes her hand. She looks at him with all the love of a new bride. Tears come to his eyes. He kisses her hand. SOFYA
15) 55) text: " Your youth and your desire for happiness reminds me cruelly of my age and the impossibility of happiness for me." When I was courting Sofya, she was so young and pure, it seemed impossible that I'd ever have her. I didn't want to tell her how I felt and I wanted to tell her nothing else. So I wrote down a string of letters and asked her if she could decipher them. She looked completely confused, thinking it was a game or...
16) 0) text: Tolstoy has fallen asleep at his desk, his SECRET DIARY open before him. Sofya enters without knocking. He bolts groggily, tries to hide the little book. Sofya, meanwhile holds up the letter in her hand.
16) 1) dialog: Lyovochka? Prozeveskeny wants to purchase the rights to your work after your death.
16) 3) dialog: Don't be silly. They've offered one million rubles. Silence.
16) 4) dialog: How can you not be pleased?
16) 6) dialog: Where are you going?
16) 8) dialog: Splendid...while your wretched family is left to starve.
16) 10) dialog: But you're always first to the trough...always have been. Sofya sinks into his chair. On the desk is the photograph of herself and Tolstoy that we saw her hang on the wall i the early part of the film. She looks at the wall. There in it's place is the offending photograph of CHERTKOV tha she had removed earlier.
17) 0) text: Sofya sits in a chair, firing shot after shot at the photograph of Chertkov. Tolstoy and Valentin enter. TOLSTOY
17) 1) text: Sofya, what are you doing? She turns toward him, waves the gun in his direction. Valentin ducks against the wall. SOFYA
17) 4) dialog: You hurt me again and again. You take little pieces of me until I become nothing. I don't know who I am anymore. (beat)
17) 6) text: You behave like this, I have no choice. Now give me the gun. SOFYA
17) 32) text: Give this to Sofya. VALENTIN
17) 38) dialog: You're a liar. (beat)
17) 43) text: I think so, yes. There is a pause. Sofya suddenly smiles, becomes solicitous. SOFY
17) 45) text: Honestly, I have no idea. SOFYA
17) 47) text: I have this for you. It is a letter. She grabs it, as if it is something that might feed a terrible hunger at the center of her. Moving into a corner, she tears it open and begins to read. They both watch Sofya's passion. Her face quivers, the muscles in her neck stand out. Her shoulders begin to shake. Crumbling the paper in her hand, she twists her head and screams. Then, gathering up her dress, she runs out the door. Sasha move immediately to the window. From her P.O.V., we see Sofya streaking across the lawn. They look at each other
17) 58) text: I will. I will. Stay here. With that, he pushes away from the dock and makes a sharp plunge under the water. Sasha watches, waits...and after a long moment Valentin surfaces pulling Sofya with him. On the dock, the servants and Sasha help him to get her heavy body , water soaked dress, back onto the bank. She looks terrible. Her tongue lolling out, water drizzli from her open mouth. Sasha is overcome. SASHA
17) 60) text: Let me take you to the house, mother. SOFYA
17) 62) text: Let's go to the house. Sofya is suddenly clear, almost calm. SOFYA
18) 23) dialog: They've all gone 103   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. DAY. Sitting at his desk, Valentin looks up to see Sofya standing in the doorway. She looks exhausted.
18) 25) dialog: You're writing to your girl. That's lovely. Sofya touches his shoulder with real affection, then walk across the room to her husband's desk.
18) 28) dialog: But you believe you'll see her again.
18) 30) dialog: Yes. Refuse to believe in the end of love. Do all you can to prevent it... Sofya picks up a photograph of the two of them, examines it.
18) 31) dialog: I know you know where he is, Valentin. Valentin hesitates. She walks back to him.
18) 32) dialog: I won't ask you to betray his trust...but I need you to go to him. I do. I have to see him. I have to talk to him. I won't make a scene. Promise him that. I must see him.
18) 51) dialog: Tell him we've received an apologetic letter from your father..very embarrassed. We expect him back any day...
18) 53) dialog: Yes, that's a lie.
19) 5) dialog: We must leave at once.
19) 7) dialog: We'll rent a train.
19) 9) dialog: Don't say irrelevant things, Andrey. It's unbecoming. Contact someone. I'll go and pack.
19) 21) text: Have you seen Sofya?
19) 36) dialog: I'll see what I can do, father.
19) 44) dialog: I want to see my husband.
19) 46) dialog: I want to see him. Now!
19) 50) dialog: Valentin...Will you help me?    I have to see him. Please.
19) 52) dialog: It is.   It's the right time for me.
19) 55) dialog: I want to see my husband. Members of the press, crowd `round trying to listen.
19) 57) dialog: But he's not too weak to see you. Not too weak to see that... She gestures in Chertkov's direction. The passion attract more onlookers.
19) 59) dialog: I am the leper outside the gate, while he sleeps with the devil himself.
19) 62) text: Is that true? Valentin nods.   She tries another tack. SOFYA
19) 65) text: Let me take you back. But she plows on. SOFYA
19) 67) text: That if you killed yourself, he'd be upset. SOFYA
19) 69) text: Horribly upset...but he could not have acted other than he did. Sofya begins to sob. SOFYA
19) 71) text: You're unbearable. Sasha goes back toward the door. SOFYA
19) 72) text: And you are a stone-hearted bitch of a daughter. Sasha disappears back inside. Sofya screams after her.
19) 74) dialog: I lost five children. Why couldn't one of them have been you? Chertkov watches, makes little attempt to conceal his pleasure.
19) 76) dialog: Valentin, will you take me back? Valentin nods.
19) 78) dialog: I've behaved badly, haven't I?
22) 0) text: Dushan appears in the doorway. Solemn, he gestures for hi to come inside. Valentin stands. 140   INT. ASTAPOVO. PRIVATE TRAIN CARRIAGE. NIGHT. Sofya watches the two figures disappear inside. 141   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. NIGHT. Valentin sees Chertkov standing near the bed. Dushan returns to the chair next to Tolstoy. His cheeks are damp his breathing irregular.
22) 14) dialog: Has he asked for me?
22) 18) text: Lyovochka! There is no response.    She throws her arms around him. SOFYA
22) 20) text: Mother... SOFYA
22) 23) text: Control yourself. SOFYA
22) 25) text: You have to control yourself. Sofya looks around and sits back. Strangely, she does control herself. She becomes very still. She takes her husband's hand, begins quietly to speak to him. SOFYA
22) 26) text: You don't speak, but I hear you. She carries on two sides of an impossible conversation. SOFYA
22) 30) text: Second cessation. Sofya whispers quietly to her dying husband. SOFYA
22) 31) text: Please forgive me if I cry a little now. Tolstoy continues to struggle, then silence, silence. Sasha starts to sob. Sofya reaches out to her daughter. Sasha comes to her mother who holds her. She feels someone next to her.   She looks up. It's Chertkov. CHERTKOV
22) 32) text: I am sorry, Sofya Andreyevna. The most unlikely thing, she pats his hand. SOFYA
22) 33) text: It's alright. What happens from now on... it will never really matter. Not really. Everything's finished. Chertkov sits beside them. She turns to Dushan. SOFYA
22) 46) dialog: My husband needs no justification. Besides, itВґs been enough talking as it is. Thank you, father. She climbs onto the train. 147   INT. ASTAPOVO. PRIVATE CARRIAGE. DAY. Sofya settles into the comfort of the private car. She si next to Sasha. Andrey and Dushan are near her. There's a noise from outside.
22) 49) dialog: Valentin... and who's this...
22) 51) dialog: This is your girl. Good. Good. Is there anything I can do for you?
22) 53) dialog: Yes...Good bye, good bye.     God bless you.
22) 57) dialog: Well, I'm ready to go now. (to Andrey)
22) 59) dialog: Oh! 150   EXT. ASTAPOVO. PLATFORM. DAY. Sofya looks out the window, sees the people lined up alon the rail, mourn her loss. As she looks away, we see the people reflected in the glass, some of them kneel, some o them remove their hats. Valentin watches the train pull away. He holds Masha to him. As the train   moves slowly through the corridor of mourn some of them   fall in and walk behind it. The camera tra up and up as   the train travels north taking Sofya and h husband back   to Yasnaya Polyana.