0) 0) text: High angle of the steam train travelling through a wide river valley. The stack belching smoke against the Russia sky. 2   INT. SECOND CLASS CARRIAGE. COUNTRY SIDE. DAY. Leo Tolstoy (80), sits writing on his lapboard. He is qui simply the greatest living writer in the world. His devotion to pacifism, his rejection of the trappings of Orthodoxy in favor of a simple Christian lifestyle convin many to regard him as a living saint. With him are his mu younger wife, the COUNTESS SOFYA, favorite daughter SASHA and his personal physician DUSHAN MAKOVITSKY. Sasha and Dushan write in their diaries. Sofya looks from one to th next a little impatient. The train begins to slow.
0) 10) dialog: I have seen your banner. And I´ve heard what you say. You think I´m the hope of Russia, do you? Well, that´s not true. You are the hope of Russia. The hope of all the world. You say, you want a new way to live? Well, you are not gonna find it making a fuss over me. So, I suggest that you get on with your work and let a poor old men get on with his. The cries begin. "Clear the tracks. Let them pass. Let th go." Tolstoy closes the door and waves to the crowd as th train pulls away. 3   EXT. COUNTRYSIDE. DAY. On the chanting crowd now as the train pulls away. We focus on a handsome young man, a little stiff maybe, a little intellectual. This is VALENTIN FEDOROVITCH BULGAKOV. He can't contain his enthusiasm. Over the noise of the train.
1) 0) text: A handsome study in the Moscow townhouse of VLADIMIR GRIGOREVICH CHERTKOV, Tolstoy's most articulate and dedicated disciple. He's interviewing Tolstoy's newly appointed secretary, VALENTIN BULGAKOV, the young man we met near the train, who, at the mention of sex, blushes a little.
2) 0) text: Where Tolstoy, awake and dressed, sits on his bed, pen in hand, writing in his diary. Dushan sits next to him, taki his pulse. TOLSTOY
2) 6) text: and if you must ride, I insist you wear a coat. Even the sun is cold today. He puts Tolstoy's arm down and hands him his riding boot. Sofya comes ranting into the room carrying several Russia and international dailies. SOFYA
2) 7) text: This is impossible! It really is! These people are parasites! Look... (reading) "Countess Tolstoy has become estranged from her husband. They barely speak." She throws the paper on the floor. SOFYA
2) 9) text: C'est la meme en France. They gossip about us in Paris... "They do not share a similar view of either religion or politics." Incroyable! TOLSTOY
2) 12) text: What are you doing? Don't do that. TOLSTOY
2) 13) text: (smiling) Dushan Petrovich, you're scribbling again? Tolstoy moves with energy and purpose toward the door. SOFYA
2) 17) text: Leovochka, why do you insist on dressing like that. TOLSTOY
2) 19) text: Like the man who looks after the sheep. TOLSTOY
2) 22) text: Oh darling, I have something else to say. TOLSTOY (O.S.)
2) 28) text: Count Tolstoy, you're no doubt distressed by the Czar's treatment of your secretary Nikolai Gusev ? TOLSTOY
2) 30) text: I said, let him walk. TOLSTOY
2) 32) text: So Gusev is innocent? TOLSTOY
2) 34) text: God bless you, Tolstoy. Thank you. DUSHAN
2) 35) text: Let him walk. Let him walk. (to Tolstoy) But you don't banish these people very much to your credit...I wish I had your largeness of spirit. A photographer's flash goes off. An old Muzhik touches Tolstoy's sleeve, as if expecting a miracle. Sasha, her father's soulmate, leads two horses toward the her mount and her father's black gelding, Delire. SASHA
2) 36) text: Papa. TOLSTOY
2) 43) text: Yes, but we will pay for it. Sergeyenko, Chertkov's joyless secretary, and Valentin stand on a second storey porch looking out across the central lawn where a number of young Tolstoyans tend the garden, work to put up a chicken coop.
2) 48) text: The kitchen is below. You'll be expected to assist with meals at least twice a week ...and to give a hand in the garden. We're all equals here, you know...as Tolstoy teaches us. They start up the stairs.
3) 5) text: Just that...secrecy doesn't seem to me the essence of Tolstoy's thought. SERGEYENKO
4) 3) text: Papa's out. You can wait in the library. Ivan will show you up. She disappears. He hears a door close. He notices a surly house servant, IVAN, who, inexplicably, leads a goat through the house. He points upstairs and walks away. 24   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. DAY. Alone now among Tolstoy's books, Valentin makes his way slowly to a writing table, the holy of holies, on which W and Peace and Anna Karenina were written. He runs his han along the old wood top. Emboldened by a backward glance, sits in Tolstoy's chair. Before him are stacks of letters pens and pencils, a pot of India ink. There's a notebook lying open. He leans forward to read it. A noise in the hall stops him. Tolstoy enters from the dining room, red cheeked, beard dripping wet, the energy of a man ten years younger than is. Valentin stands. TOLSTOY
4) 6) text: I'm... I'm... Here is- Valentin interrupts himself with a sneeze. TOLSTOY
4) 8) text: I'm sorry.     Sometimes I... Valentin pulls out a letter of introduction. Tolstoy take it out and puts it down without a glance. TOLSTOY
4) 10) text: He told me about it...It's very exciting. Tolstoy nods. TOLSTOY
4) 11) text: I've become convinced that all the world's religions have a single organizing principle. Can you guess what it is? Love! Love! Simple... Now, I want to talk about you. How are you? How was your journey? Come, sit down. Tolstoy sits on the old sofa. Valentin follows suit. TOLSTOY
4) 12) text: You know, I was born on this sofa... Valentin gets right back up. Tolstoy laughs, pats the sof TOLSTOY
4) 15) dialog: Myself, my brother, my children, at least five or six of them, right here. (beat)
4) 17) dialog: My boy, what is it? (beat)
4) 19) text: I'm very happy. You are very kind. I'm no one and you are... you are Leo Tolstoy and you ask me about my work. Tolstoy takes Valentin's hand, sits him back on sofa. TOLSTOY
5) 0) text: Sofya, Sasha, Valentin, ANDREY, Tolstoy's son, and Tolsto all clustered around a table taking tea. Dushan stands ne the group fiddling with a gramophone that sits on a small table. SOFYA
5) 4) text: It's not for lack of land that the muzhiks live in poverty. They have no will power and they drink too much. TOLSTOY
5) 7) text: It's all ridiculous. You think that poverty makes the peasants somehow morally superior. TOLSTOY
5) 10) text: Oh, I know all about the movement. A pause. Valentin notices that people from the front lawn have moved up to watch all this. Life in the fishbowl, th Tolstoys seem neither to notice nor care. TOLSTOY
5) 12) text: No, they'd spend it on drink and whores. TOLSTOY
5) 15) text: Oh, that's good...that's good. Dushan, having sat at table, tries surreptitiously to get down Tolstoy's words in the diary he holds below the tabl Sofya flushes with anger. VALENTIN
5) 23) text: Am I? I sit here and listen to this talk of love and God and equality, knowing full well that Count Generosity here is fully prepared to give away everything we have. TOLSTOY
5) 27) text: In defense of my gift, let me demonstrate. It's quite remarkable, really. He gets up, places a record on the gramophone, needle on the record. What comes forth is not music, but Tolstoy's voice. It is a recording of a recent speech against capital punishment. His voice booms, tinny and distorted. Dushan walks to the machine, stares at it in awe. Valentin is completely caught up in the technology. VALENTIN
5) 28) text: It's your voice. It's wonderful. They all listen for a moment, look to Tolstoy for a response. TOLSTOY
5) 29) text: It's tiresome. Another remarkable invention will supercede it. Valentin blushes and looks at the table. Dushan tries to hide his disappointment. TOLSTOY
5) 30) text: Please excuse me. Tolstoy rises, leaves the table, walks out onto the lawn. Dushan gets up quickly, bumping the table as he goes. Tea spills. Valentin moves to wipe it up, sneezes, a barrage irritable blessings. DUSHAN
5) 31) text: Leo Nikolayevich is something of a Luddite, I fear. Sofya crosses to the machine, removes the record from the gramophone, replaces it with another Dushan has brought. Suddenly, the air is filled with   the final duet from Mozart's Il Nozze di Figaro. She   returns to her place. There is a long moment where all   take in the sublimity it. Tolstoy walks slowly back to   the table. He stands completely still. Tears fill his   eyes and roll down his cheeks.
5) 33) dialog: Oh, that´s better. That´s nice. Very nice indeed. Sofya crosses to her husband, wipes the tears off his fac Valentin watches as they embrace.
5) 53) text: Many young men ruin their looks by loose living. You're a real Tolstoyan, I can tell! VALENTIN
5) 90) text: Tolstoy's kind to everyone. The log is stuck to the blade of his axe. He's really struggling now. MASHA
5) 118) dialog: I couldn't write. I was distracted I think...I had a dream last night, about a Tartar girl I knew in the war.
5) 120) dialog: No, no...A girl I had sexual intercourse with... Sometimes we did it twice a day. Valentin sneezes.
5) 121) dialog: God bless...I've never forgotten our time together, the position of our bodies, the taste of her...
5) 125) text: I try to...you know, to... TOLSTOY
5) 126) text: To be what, a good Tolstoyan? Tolstoy smiles. TOLSTOY
5) 127) text: You see, I myself am not a very good Tolstoyan. You should think twice about asking my advice about anything... Torture... (he laughs) VALENTIN
5) 128) text: Are you alright? TOLSTOY
5) 130) text: What do you mean? TOLSTOY
5) 132) text: It´s interesting. I think you would say..I mean, I´ve read where you say that the physical body isn´t real. That it´s all an illusion. TOLSTOY
5) 134) text: I...I don´t know. Leo Nikoleyevich smiles. TOLSTOY
5) 139) dialog: Precisely. It's lilac. The smell's stronger when the sun goes down. He presses Valentin's hand. SASHA
5) 140) text: Papa! TOLSTOY
6) 19) text: You send me never ending commentary on Tolstoy's writing. That's all very interesting but not very useful. I need to know what goes on with Sofya Andreyevna. You must see by now she's committed to undermining her husband's best intentions. VALENTIN
7) 35) text: Let me go out first...give me five minutes... Masha just looks at him. 50   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. DAY. A Tolstoyan photo op. A delegation of orphans have come t pay their respects to Tolstoy. He sits in a chair beside Chertkov beneath a large banner : "Leo Tolstoy, Friend of the People.". Behind him, the disciples lay out a vegetarian feast on a plank table. Photographers and a cinematographer are strategically positioned to record th event. Each child gives Tolstoy a flower. Chertkov, in turn, han each child a photograph of the Count giving money to the poor. Valentin enters, flushed and blushing. He pauses beside Dushan who records the scene in his diary, tears in his eyes. DUSHAN
7) 36) text: Look at the love in him, like Jesus..suffering the children...all that... Tolstoy greets a little boy affectionately, rubs his knuckles over the boy's shaved head. A little girl approaches, takes a photograph. He bends forward to kiss her head but she pulls away. TOLSTOY
7) 37) text: An old man is a very ugly thing. Tolstoy sees Valentin, lights up. TOLSTOY
7) 40) text: Now, who is this? Maria Filipovna. Masha comes to stand beside him. She glances at Valentin but he won't make eye contact with her. TOLSTOY
7) 41) text: You're both looking so well. Life here at Telyatinki obviously agrees with you. Valentin sneezes mightily, moves a little away. TOLSTOY
7) 42) text: God bless you, boy. What are you nervous about, now? Sit down. Sit down. Valentin takes the chair beside him. TOLSTOY
7) 44) text: We're happy to have you with us. Tolstoy notices a mosquito on Valentin's cheek. He takes the bug between his big fingers, squeezes until it pops. Chertkov watches in horror, whispers loudly. CHERTKOV
7) 45) text: What are you doing? TOLSTOY
7) 52) text: I'm sorry but- It's a mosquito. TOLSTOY
7) 53) text: Forgive him. He can't help it. He's a better Tolstoyan than I am. She can't help laughing again. Valentin sees the color ri in Chertkov's face. CHERTKOV
7) 55) text: From my mother "Nerves dreadful. Stop. Insomnia. Stop. Pulse 100. Stop. Please come home. 51   INT. TELYATINKI. CHERTKOV'S STUDY. DAY. Chertkov is there. Tolstoy, Valentin and Sasha. SASHA
7) 56) text: Don't give in to her, Papa. It'll never end...I swear to God, that woman has an instinct for knowing when you're just about to enjoy yourself A knock on the door. Valentin opens it. It's Dushan with another cable. Tolstoy gestures for him to read it aloud. DUSHAN
7) 61) text: It's a trick, Papa. She'll drain you. You'll be miserable. Tolstoy looks from one to the other, gets up from his chair. SASHA
7) 62) text: Then, let me go with you. TOLSTOY
8) 0) text: Close on Sofya lying in bed. She looks ravishing in the candle light. In the background, Tolstoy arrives in the bedroom door. TOLSTOY
8) 1) text: Sofya. A sly smile on her lips, the tension gone from her face, she seems twenty years younger. TOLSTOY
8) 3) text: I'm fine...now that you're home. TOLSTOY
8) 5) text: Did I really? I don't believe it. Not you. I'm your little bird. You know the sounds I make. TOLSTOY
8) 10) dialog: Why? Why? Why, do you do it? We live in the country and you insist on making it an opera house. What's wrong with a little peace now and then? Sofya laughs.
8) 16) dialog: I do.
9) 16) text: No. I feel a little sad, but it is not for me. It's for you. She disappears into the house. Valentin looks after her. 55   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SOFYA'S BEDROOM. MORNING. The Countess wakes to find her bed empty. 56   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. BACK TERRACE. DAY. She comes through the dining room to find Tolstoy on the back terrace. Wrapped in a blanket, he writes in his diar a cup of tea in front of him. SOFYA
9) 17) text: Good morning, my darling? Do you mind if I join you? Without looking up TOLSTOY
9) 19) text: It's quite insane, my darling. Everyone is making fun of you. He looks up. TOLSTOY
9) 21) text: Even the muzhiks. I heard them laughing in the barn. TOLSTOY
9) 26) text: Laughing about the fact that you've developed a senile crush on a fat middle aged flatterer. Your passion for Chertkov has become a standing joke. TOLSTOY
9) 28) text: But it's not amusing, darling. It's sick. It's not normal. You hang on his every word. TOLSTOY
9) 30) text: You have nothing in common. You are a genius. He's a sycophant and a pervert. TOLSTOY
9) 32) text: He is using you. You just can't seem to see it. TOLSTOY
9) 34) text: That bold, obese, idiotic man. You treat him... He turns to her...his face red with anger and frustration TOLSTOY
9) 38) dialog: Of course, I do.
9) 40) dialog: Why do you say that?
9) 44) dialog: There's no new will. She stares at him in silence.
9) 45) dialog: There is no new will.
9) 47) dialog: There's no new will. He walks up the stairs. She follows.
9) 50) text: Tell me where it is? TOLSTOY
9) 52) text: Then, promise me there never will be. A moment's hesitation. TOLSTOY
10) 0) text: Tolstoy looks up from his work. Sofya stands in the doorway. SOFYA
10) 1) text: Tomorrow, I'll go to the Station and lie down on the track. Tolstoy's wife becomes Anna Karenina herself! See how the papers will like that! As he goes, we hear. TOLSTOY (O.S.)
12) 1) text: Ivan, who's wearing that awful perfume? Ivan a gesture indicating an elaborate moustache. She ste into the hall in time to see Tolstoy, Chertkov, Valentin and Sasha disappear into the library, ducks back into her room to avoid being seen
13) 0) text: Chertkov, Sasha, Dushan, Valentin and Tolstoy sit in a little clump by his desk. Tolstoy his head in his hands, looks at the floor.
13) 2) dialog: Not dangerous... She's concerned for the welfare of the family.
13) 6) dialog: It´s a terrible thing you ask. I can´t do it. 70    INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SOFYA'S BEDROOM. DAY. Sofya, still in her dressing gown, climbs out her bedroom window onto a narrow ledge that runs along the second floor. 70A   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. GROUNDS. DAY. Sofya stand on the window ledge high above the ground. begins to move toward the library balcony. 71    INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. DAY.
13) 12) text: With all love and respect, the Countess is too interested in making a profit from your work. 72   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SECOND STORY BALCONY. DAY. Sofya moves along the narrow ledge as if it's a perfectly normal activity.. Looking down, she sees a couple of gawkers watching her from the lawn. She shoos them away. 73   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. DAY. Valentin turns his head. Did he hear something? TOLSTOY
13) 14) text: But you're more than a husband and father. She must understand that. The best interests of the people are one with your own. You belong to them. Valentin glances up...and is shocked to see SOFYA LOOKING IN AT THE STUDY WINDOW. She disappears. 74   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SECOND STORY BALCONY. DAY. Sofya has reached the french doors. She can hear clearly now. TOLSTOY (O.S.)
14) 4) text: Do you really think she's fit to control the final disposition of the will? We pan back to the conspirators. Before Tolstoy can respond, Sofya charges into the room. As she does, she steps on the hem of her long dressing gown and ends up sprawled on the floor. The conspirators just stare at her SOFYA
14) 8) text: Someone help me up. No one moves.   Tolstoy slumps in his chair. SOFYA
14) 14) text: Now... TOLSTOY
14) 31) text: This aria is very beautiful.. It is about a woman who is abandoned by the man who loves her...Everyone is very moved by that...in the opera. A long pause. The clink of soup spoons.   Tolstoy enters. He doesn't sit.
14) 36) text: No, no, no. Enjoy your dinner. We've had a disagreement. No more than any other married couple. TOLSTOY
14) 38) text: Of course... TOLSTOY
14) 42) text: I should go. TOLSTOY
14) 46) text: God bless you Tolstoy turns to Sofya. TOLSTOY
14) 48) text: Go? Where? TOLSTOY
14) 50) text: Go where? TOLSTOY
14) 54) text: Countess...Are you alright? She fights with her collar, rips open the front of her dress. TOLSTOY
14) 59) text: Is she alright? Tolstoy tries to answer, but is overcome by a coughing fi Dushan starts toward him but Tolstoy waves him in the direction of Sofya. He kneels beside her. DUSHAN
14) 62) text: You're lying on a fork. Sit up and you'll improve markedly...Valentin, help to get her upstairs, would you? Valentin helps Sofya to her feet. Dushan gets up himself and walks to Tolstoy. DUSHAN
15) 13) text: You can´t leave Tolstoy. MASHA
15) 19) text: I know you do...I know. Then she's gone. 82   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SOFYA'S BEDROOM/HALLWAY. DAY. Sofya in her bed. A team of doctors hover over her. One o them peers into her eyes with a sextant-like instrument. We move into the hall to find DR. ROSSOLIMO, an expert in mental illness, conferring in the hall with Tolstoy and Dushan. ROSSOLIMO
15) 27) text: Yes. Tolstoy sits on a small staircase at the end of the hall. Bulgakov is already there on the step above him. TOLSTOY
15) 29) text: You'll be alright? TOLSTOY
15) 30) text: Valentin Fedorovich will stay with me, won't you, boy Valentin nods. Dushan goes to collect the doctors. MOMENTS LATER-Tolstoy goes to Sofya's bed. He takes her hand. She looks at him with all the love of a new bride. Tears come to his eyes. He kisses her hand. SOFYA
15) 31) text: Ya...your...your...I can´t remember now...Yo, what did I say? What did you mean? TOLSTOY
15) 32) text: You rest now. Valentin watches from the doorway as Tolstoy leaves the bedside and walks out. 83   EXT. ZASYEKA WOODS. DAY. It is an autumn afternoon. Valentin and Tolstoy pick thei way through the thick undergrowth. As they come into a clearing. Valentin is surprised to se a portable table and several chairs set up like lawyers office in the middle of the wood. Sergeyenko fiddles with piece of paper on the desk. Chertkov comes toward them. Tolstoy stops his horse. He turns to Valentin with tears his eyes. TOLSTOY
15) 35) text: Good afternoon, Leo Nikolayevich. TOLSTOY
15) 36) text: Is it? They help Tolstoy dismount. They lead him to a nearby stu and place the writing board before him. Sergeyenko hands document to Chertkov who lays it on the board. CHERTKOV
15) 39) text: Your work is the birthright of the Russian people. Now, they possess it forever. Tolstoy looks up at them. CHERTKOV
15) 40) text: Yes? TOLSTOY
15) 49) text: I do. Valentin fetches it from his satchel. Pen in hand, Tolstoy hovers over the document. A long moment. CHERTKOV
15) 50) text: Are you alright? TOLSTOY
15) 51) text: I feel like a conspirator. Sergeyenko laughs. Chertkov glares at him. It's beyond awkward. Valentin looks to the sky, sees the crows circling again. Without further hesitation, Tolstoy picks up the pen and signs the document. Then he moves away from the group. Valentin watches him. 84   EXT. ZASYEKA WOODS. DAY. Valentin and Tolstoy water their horses at a stream. Tolstoy seems weary.
15) 54) text: Do you love your wife? TOLSTOY
15) 57) text: I gave her one clue. The first two Y's, I said, stand for "your youth" and then the most miraculous thing happened. She simply spoke the phrase, my phrase... Tolstoy looks at Valentin as if the boy might offer some explanation of the miraculous. TOLSTOY
15) 58) text: ...as if she had read my mind. In that moment, we both knew we would always be together. For those first years, we were incredibly happy, terrifyingly happy. His old eyes are wet. TOLSTOY
15) 59) text: And now this. Tolstoy reaches into his boot, extracts his SECRET DIARY. He takes a pen from his shirt, begins to write. Valentin amazed. HE HAD A PEN ALL THE TIME. 85   INT. TELYATINKI. MEETING ROOM. NIGHT. Valentin exhausted, sits at the long table.   Chertkov appears at his office door. CHERTKOV
16) 0) text: Tolstoy has fallen asleep at his desk, his SECRET DIARY open before him. Sofya enters without knocking. He bolts groggily, tries to hide the little book. Sofya, meanwhile holds up the letter in her hand.
16) 2) dialog: Then I shall try and die as soon as is convenient.
16) 5) dialog: I don't write for publishers. I write for people. He gets up from his desk.
16) 7) dialog: Valentin's in the library.    He's asked to speak to me.
16) 9) dialog: I don't see anyone starving in this house. On the contrary, our privilege revolts me. He goes.   She calls after him.
17) 0) text: Sofya sits in a chair, firing shot after shot at the photograph of Chertkov. Tolstoy and Valentin enter. TOLSTOY
17) 2) text: How could you do this to me? TOLSTOY
17) 5) text: I read your diary. I know what you've done. TOLSTOY
17) 7) text: No! Give me the gun! TOLSTOY
17) 17) text: Essentials only. Nothing that isn't absolutely necessary. Valentin struggles to close a case full of books and papers. TOLSTOY
17) 20) text: Where will you go? No one responds. Dushan comes to Tolstoy, sits down and begins the ritual taking of the pulse. Meanwhile, Sasha wraps a heavy fur coat around his shoulders. She smiles a him. SASHA
17) 24) text: Everything's ready. Dushan climbs into the carriage. Tolstoy turns abruptly a walks back toward the house.
17) 26) text: He's changed his mind. He's going back to the house. They watch as Tolstoy kneels on the wet grass, bending lo to rub his hands against the earth. After a moment, Valentin goes to him, kneels next to him. VALENTIN
17) 27) text: Do you want to go back? TOLSTOY
17) 30) text: I never did...but this life is behind me now. He kisses the ground of his beloved home, gets up and the walk back to the droshky. TOLSTOY
17) 31) text: Help me up, will you? As they go, he hands Valentin an envelope. TOLSTOY
17) 34) text: Be well. Be well. TOLSTOY
17) 53) dialog: My position in the house has become intolerable. What I'm doing now is what people have commonly done - leave their worldly life behind to spend their last days in peace and solitude. SLOW MOTION She floats, strangely relaxed, beneath the water.
17) 54) dialog: I beg you to forgive me for everything I've done to you, just as I forgive you with all my soul for everything you've done to me. The silence is suddenly ripped apart by the rescuers. Sas and Valentin jumping into the pond. Sasha, barely able to swim herself, thrashes in the water.
18) 42) dialog: We don't need a plan, my dears, we'll simply go Dushan appears with several newspapers.   As he hands the the papers, he reads the HEADLINES.
18) 47) dialog: I guess our little secret is out.
18) 61) dialog: Where are we?
18) 63) dialog: Where are we?
18) 65) dialog: Good old Dushan,...you needn't worry. Remember, you are my doctor, not my angel. Whatever happens, it's not your fault... I'm feeling much better now. I just need to sleep.
18) 72) dialog: Very lucky.
18) 75) dialog: And then we'll be on our way.
19) 18) dialog: It's(hic)you. The men embrace. Tears roll down the both men's cheeks. Tolstoy continues to hiccup throughout.
19) 20) dialog: I needed (hic) to see you. Thank you. We have so much (hic) to do. (hic) I´m sorry. Damn hic ups. (beat)
19) 23) dialog: I don't know when (hic) she'll come. But she'll come (hic). I know it.
19) 28) dialog: Don't apologize, my friend. Your enemas(hic)have become the news of the world. (smiles)
19) 29) text: Now, all of you, help turn me over. 123   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. NIGHT. Everyone is asleep. Valentin keeps a vigil at Tolstoy's bedside. His rest is fitful, his breathing ragged. Valent stands and walks out. 124   INT. ASTAPOVO. TELEGRAPH OFFICE. NIGHT. Valentin approaches the little window.
20) 0) text: Valentin comes into the room, acknowledges Chertkov who sits at his makeshift desk going through letters and cables. He goes to the bedside, stops next to Dushan. Silence, interrupted only by Tolstoy's incessant hiccups. Valentin notices Dushan is on the verge of tears.
20) 3) dialog: Sofya!
20) 5) dialog: She's come, hasn't she? She`s here. He points to the corner.   But it is nothing, a gray shap thrown by a coat rack.
20) 8) dialog: Sasha...where's your mother? Tolstoy's eyes fill with tears. Valentin looks to Sasha. She looks from him to Chertkov.
20) 10) dialog: If she wanted to see me I couldn't refuse her. (beat)
20) 14) dialog: To what? Will she waiver?    A long, agonizing beat.
20) 16) dialog: At home.
20) 18) dialog: Very beautiful isn't it?
20) 20) dialog: Yes. He leans back against the pillow and drifts again. Sasha gets up and goes outside. After a moment, Valentin follows.
22) 0) text: Dushan appears in the doorway. Solemn, he gestures for hi to come inside. Valentin stands. 140   INT. ASTAPOVO. PRIVATE TRAIN CARRIAGE. NIGHT. Sofya watches the two figures disappear inside. 141   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. NIGHT. Valentin sees Chertkov standing near the bed. Dushan returns to the chair next to Tolstoy. His cheeks are damp his breathing irregular.
22) 3) dialog: Sofya...my dear Sofya. So much has (hic) fallen to her. Everyone moves nearer the bed. Tolstoy looks at Valentin.
22) 4) dialog: Who's going to look after her? (beat)
22) 7) dialog: This is it(hic). The end.
22) 10) dialog: Sasha, Sasha.. It's(hic)nothing...Nothing. He falls onto his pillow, asleep.
22) 31) text: Please forgive me if I cry a little now. Tolstoy continues to struggle, then silence, silence. Sasha starts to sob. Sofya reaches out to her daughter. Sasha comes to her mother who holds her. She feels someone next to her.   She looks up. It's Chertkov. CHERTKOV
22) 35) text: Yes. He nods, walk out into the dawn light to tell the world L Tolstoy is dead.