0) 11) dialog: Do you know who that is? That is the greatest man in the world. The train pulls away into the distance.
1) 0) text: A handsome study in the Moscow townhouse of VLADIMIR GRIGOREVICH CHERTKOV, Tolstoy's most articulate and dedicated disciple. He's interviewing Tolstoy's newly appointed secretary, VALENTIN BULGAKOV, the young man we met near the train, who, at the mention of sex, blushes a little.
1) 2) dialog: Tolstoy does not approve of sexual relations. I know this.
1) 5) dialog: This would not be a problem. I'm celibate. I'm also a strict vegetarian. Chertkov nods his approval, begins to worry his moustache
1) 9) dialog: Believe me, since becoming a Tolstoyan, I have become so eager to learn, so comitted to discussing ideas, improving my very soul.
1) 11) dialog: We? They both laugh.
1) 13) dialog: In the name of truth and freedom.
1) 15) dialog: Enemies? Chertkov walks to the window, signals Valentin to follow him. He points to TWO MEN IN PLAINCLOTHES standing in the street below.
1) 20) text: And although they've allowed me to return to Russia, I can't see him. They keep me under house arrest... They might as well keep me in a cage. Clearly upset, Chertkov pauses to get control of himself. He picks up a package, hands it to Valentin. CHERTKOV
1) 21) text: So, I need you to put these letters directly into his hands. One can't be sure what gets through to him. Valentin looks at him, quizzical. CHERTKOV
1) 22) text: Sofya Andreyevna does not respect his privacy. VALENTIN
1) 24) text: I have another task for you, my dear. VALENTIN
1) 26) text: You'll keep a diary for me. He hands Valentin a notebook. CHERTKOV
1) 29) dialog: Anything? CHERTKOV
1) 30) text: She's very, very dangerous. 9    EXT. MOSCOW. DOORWAY/STREET. EVENING. Chertkov kisses Valentin delicately on both cheeks and ushers him into the dying light. CHERTKOV
1) 31) text: Godspeed, my boy. Valentin makes his way to the droshky that awaits him. CHERTKOV
2) 41) text: Telyatinki was created by Vladimir Grigorevich as a center for the movement. Just last week we had a visitor from India. We talked to the group about the healing properties of cobra venum. VALENTIN
2) 43) text: Yes, but we will pay for it. Sergeyenko, Chertkov's joyless secretary, and Valentin stand on a second storey porch looking out across the central lawn where a number of young Tolstoyans tend the garden, work to put up a chicken coop.
3) 0) text: Small, sparse, perfect for the novice ascetic.   Valentin nods his approval. SERGEYENKO
3) 2) dialog: Of course. SERGEYENKO
3) 3) text: You understand we must keep the existence of the diary a secret. Valentin smiles. SERGEYENKO
3) 4) text: What is it? VALENTIN
3) 6) text: But you'll admit, you're no expert. VALENTIN
3) 8) text: If we're spared. Sergeyenko leaves Valentin to his bare, little room. 19   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. MORNING. The sun rising. Already, disciples are at work the garden 20   INT. TELYATINKI. VALENTIN'S ROOM. MORNING. Valentin sleeps in his tiny room. A knock on the door.
3) 9) dialog: Come in. A lovely girl at his door. She's tall, twenties, high che bones, short blonde hair. This is MASHA.
3) 11) text: I've brought you a glass of tea. VALENTIN
3) 14) text: You met Sergeyenko? VALENTIN
3) 16) text: Ad what do you think? VALENTIN
3) 17) text: He seems very sincere. Masha hands him his tea. VALENTIN
3) 19) text: Say that again. VALENTIN
3) 21) text: Is that what you think? VALENTIN
3) 23) text: Masha. But you should still say what you think. Not just about him. We all should. VALENTIN
3) 24) text: Thank you for the tea. Their eyes meet, hold. Valentin's discomfort increases. MASHA
3) 27) text: He's a sorry old tight-assed stick in the mud...but yes, he's sincere. 21   EXT. ROAD TO YASNAYA POLYANA.   DAY. A modest horse drawn cart. Valentin sits beside the drive contemplates the birch trees that line the road, the long shadows they cast. Above, crows make lazy circles in the sky.
4) 0) text: Valentin stands in the entry way, waiting.   He looks los VALENTIN
4) 3) text: Papa's out. You can wait in the library. Ivan will show you up. She disappears. He hears a door close. He notices a surly house servant, IVAN, who, inexplicably, leads a goat through the house. He points upstairs and walks away. 24   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. DAY. Alone now among Tolstoy's books, Valentin makes his way slowly to a writing table, the holy of holies, on which W and Peace and Anna Karenina were written. He runs his han along the old wood top. Emboldened by a backward glance, sits in Tolstoy's chair. Before him are stacks of letters pens and pencils, a pot of India ink. There's a notebook lying open. He leans forward to read it. A noise in the hall stops him. Tolstoy enters from the dining room, red cheeked, beard dripping wet, the energy of a man ten years younger than is. Valentin stands. TOLSTOY
4) 6) text: I'm... I'm... Here is- Valentin interrupts himself with a sneeze. TOLSTOY
4) 7) text: God bless you. VALENTIN
4) 8) text: I'm sorry.     Sometimes I... Valentin pulls out a letter of introduction. Tolstoy take it out and puts it down without a glance. TOLSTOY
4) 9) text: Vladimir Grigorevich has already written about you at length. I need your help badly. The manifesto against the government is hard work. They commit their idiotic abuses faster than I can catalogue them...and the new book... VALENTIN
4) 11) text: I've become convinced that all the world's religions have a single organizing principle. Can you guess what it is? Love! Love! Simple... Now, I want to talk about you. How are you? How was your journey? Come, sit down. Tolstoy sits on the old sofa. Valentin follows suit. TOLSTOY
4) 12) text: You know, I was born on this sofa... Valentin gets right back up. Tolstoy laughs, pats the sof TOLSTOY
4) 13) text: Sit. Sit. Valentin sits down.
4) 16) text: Now, I've read your essays. How`s your work progressing? Valentin looks into the great man's kind old face. He tri to speak but he's overcome with emotion and begins to wee
4) 18) text: I upset you in some way. Was it the sofa? It's only a sofa. Valentin shakes his head, smiling through his tears. VALENTIN
4) 19) text: I'm very happy. You are very kind. I'm no one and you are... you are Leo Tolstoy and you ask me about my work. Tolstoy takes Valentin's hand, sits him back on sofa. TOLSTOY
4) 20) text: You rest for a moment and I'll fetch you a glass of tea. Rest, because there's work for both of us together. He smiles and goes, leaving Valentin to contemplate his fortune.
5) 0) text: Sofya, Sasha, Valentin, ANDREY, Tolstoy's son, and Tolsto all clustered around a table taking tea. Dushan stands ne the group fiddling with a gramophone that sits on a small table. SOFYA
5) 8) text: I believe that wealth corrupts us all, yes I do. A pause.   Valentin fills the silence. VALENTIN
5) 10) text: Oh, I know all about the movement. A pause. Valentin notices that people from the front lawn have moved up to watch all this. Life in the fishbowl, th Tolstoys seem neither to notice nor care. TOLSTOY
5) 13) text: Valentin Fedorovich, do you think fifty years from now, people will eat while grown men walk around and wait on them hand and foot?
5) 15) text: Oh, that's good...that's good. Dushan, having sat at table, tries surreptitiously to get down Tolstoy's words in the diary he holds below the tabl Sofya flushes with anger. VALENTIN
5) 27) text: In defense of my gift, let me demonstrate. It's quite remarkable, really. He gets up, places a record on the gramophone, needle on the record. What comes forth is not music, but Tolstoy's voice. It is a recording of a recent speech against capital punishment. His voice booms, tinny and distorted. Dushan walks to the machine, stares at it in awe. Valentin is completely caught up in the technology. VALENTIN
5) 29) text: It's tiresome. Another remarkable invention will supercede it. Valentin blushes and looks at the table. Dushan tries to hide his disappointment. TOLSTOY
5) 30) text: Please excuse me. Tolstoy rises, leaves the table, walks out onto the lawn. Dushan gets up quickly, bumping the table as he goes. Tea spills. Valentin moves to wipe it up, sneezes, a barrage irritable blessings. DUSHAN
5) 34) dialog: Do your parents often speak to each other so...bluntly? 29   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. EVENING. Across from Tolstoy's writing desk is Sasha's world, a makeshift office lined with more bookcases where she does her work, sending cables, editing manuscripts, answering endless stacks of mail. Valentin sits near her, learning the ropes.
5) 36) dialog: I'm sure she means well. Sasha just looks at him.
5) 37) dialog: Your father is the greatest writer in the world.
5) 39) dialog: I mean to say, I feel privileged to be here. It's an... honor. Valentin feels himself slip further into mundanity. Sasha goes back to her letter.   Valentin SNEEZES.
5) 46) text: It´s a note, for him. He nods toward Valentin. SASHA
5) 47) text: Well, give it to him then. Valentin reads the note.
5) 48) dialog: It´s from your mother. She wants to see me. As Valentin goes, SASHA
5) 49) text: She is looking for allies. Pay attention. This is war. 30   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SITTING ROOM. NIGHT. Sofya is settled on a divan in a small room off the dinin room. Valentin sits beside her holding a glass of tea. SOFYA
5) 50) text: I see a fine young man before me. Clear eyes. Nice features, rather handsome in a peculiar way. VALENTIN
5) 53) text: Many young men ruin their looks by loose living. You're a real Tolstoyan, I can tell! VALENTIN
5) 58) text: He's very grateful for the help you've been giving him. He told me so himself. I think it surprises him that a young man would be so diligent. When he was your age, he was whoring in the Caucasus. Valentin's eyes are wide. She nods. SOFYA
5) 59) text: He wrote it all down. He even gave me a copy, so I could read all the details... VALENTIN
5) 61) text: You've read War and Peace? VALENTIN
5) 63) text: When he was writing it, long before Chertkov created that monstrosity at Telyatinki, before all this "new religion" and revolutionary nonsense... (beat) What do you think of Chertkov, by the way? VALENTIN
5) 65) text: But you see what a fool he is, a self-serving puritanical idiot. I have to say, it's been extremely pleasant since they've locked him in his house. Sofya smiles. Valentin is nonplussed by her directness.
5) 69) text: You must help me, Valentin Fedorovich. I want only what is best for my husband and my family. I could tolerate the situation if it only concerned me What I can not do is sit back while they steal my children's inheritance. Do you know I was the only person. I could understand his intention. VALENTIN
5) 72) text: It's a diary. (beat) Everyone should always keep a diary. VALENTIN
5) 79) text: What. You. See. Valentin fingers the package, stifles a sneeze.
5) 82) text: You're finished for the day? VALENTIN
5) 84) dialog: Leo Nikolayevich disapproves of women doing physical labor. (beat)
5) 86) text: No, I find it sweet. I find you reactionary. She laughs. Valentin picks up a log, sets it on end and begins to chop. He doesn't do it well. Masha smiles at hi struggle. MASHA
5) 91) text: What do you talk about when you're with him? (beat) Why are you blushing? VALENTIN
5) 93) text: Really. VALENTIN
5) 95) text: And what relations are these? Valentin blushes, goes back to trying to chopping. Almost immediately the log becomes stuck to the blade of the axe He bangs it, bangs it trying to free it. He glances up to see her still looking at him. He pounds again and again. She stops, reaches for his axe, touching him as she does. She lifts the big axe, log and all, above her head, bringing it down hard. The log splits. She hands the axe him. MASHA
5) 96) text: I had a lover before I came here... headmaster of a school where I taught. He was married - happily married. It was difficult. We could make love only at school. This is somehow more than Valentin had bargained for. VALENTIN
5) 98) text: In the gymnasium, after the girls had gone. There were straw mats on the floor. VALENTIN
5) 101) text: Have I upset you? He looks at her. VALENTIN
5) 103) text: But you disapprove of me. I see it in your eyes. VALENTIN
5) 105) text: Listen to you. You're a prig. Just like Sergeyenko. Why else would they have hired you? VALENTIN
5) 107) text: I don't care if it's fair. It's true...neutral...my God... VALENTIN
5) 110) text: Valentin Fedorovich. He stops, relieved and turns to face her. MASHA
5) 111) text: You forgot your horse. VALENTIN
5) 119) dialog: A girl who died?
5) 122) dialog: You shouldn't torture yourself. It was a long time ago. Tolstoy laughs out loud.
5) 124) text: Torture? You are a virgin, aren't you. VALENTIN
5) 127) text: You see, I myself am not a very good Tolstoyan. You should think twice about asking my advice about anything... Torture... (he laughs) VALENTIN
5) 129) text: Kalya, her name was...She's an old woman now, white hair, old body like me. She'd hardly remember my name, I suspect. She may even be dead. (beat) Do you think that meant something? VALENTIN
5) 131) text: I mean that little romance. Was there some meaning to it? VALENTIN
5) 133) text: I say lots of things. What do you say? What do you think? VALENTIN
5) 137) text: Smell that... VALENTIN
6) 15) text: I'm glad to have a moment alone with you, Valentin. How do you think you're getting on? VALENTIN (a little nervous)
6) 17) text: Yes. He seems satisfied and that's good. The reports I've received from you however... There seems to be some confusion. VALENTIN
6) 19) text: You send me never ending commentary on Tolstoy's writing. That's all very interesting but not very useful. I need to know what goes on with Sofya Andreyevna. You must see by now she's committed to undermining her husband's best intentions. VALENTIN
6) 25) text: The ideals we share? VALENTIN
6) 29) text: How so? VALENTIN
6) 31) text: What does she say? VALENTIN
6) 34) text: I can only be of limited help to the master if I don't know what's going on. Any effort she makes to shore up control of the copyright, I must know. The survival of our movement depends on it. Remember who your friends are. What you've come here to do. Chertkov turns away to watch the countryside. Valentin stares straight ahead, his nose twitches slightly.
7) 0) text: Valentin, in bed, writes in his diary. Closing his eyes, begins to drift off when there is a noise outside his doo VALENTIN
7) 2) dialog: Masha? She is there. She puts two fingers to her lips and walks toward him. She carries a candle which reveals her short hair, her lovely eyes.
7) 3) dialog: Masha. She says nothing, simply crawls into bed, positions her knees on either side of him. She leans forward and kisses him.
7) 4) dialog: Masha.
7) 10) text: Is it alright? He can't speak. Only nod. He bites his lip as she slips h into her and begins to rock. The pleasure is too much, an he comes too quickly. She falls forward on him, begins to laugh. VALENTIN
7) 12) text: You really are a virgin. Valentin tenses a little.
7) 14) text: Hold me. He does, as if he'll never release her. 48   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. MORNING. Activity in the compound. Chairs on the lawn, a banner being erected, a long table being set. Preparations being made. 49   INT. TELYATINKI. VALENTIN'S ROOM. MORNING. Light spills into Valentin's room. He lies with his arms around naked Masha. VALENTIN
7) 16) text: I am awake. VALENTIN
7) 18) text: It was wonderful. They both giggle. VALENTIN
7) 22) dialog: You don´t follow any of the rules. Masha smiles.
7) 26) dialog: What is it? 49A   INT. TELYATINKI. CORRIDOR. DAY. Sergeyenko hovers outside the bedroom door.
7) 28) dialog: At the moment, I'm indisposed.
7) 30) dialog: Tell him... I'll be down at once.
7) 35) text: Let me go out first...give me five minutes... Masha just looks at him. 50   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. DAY. A Tolstoyan photo op. A delegation of orphans have come t pay their respects to Tolstoy. He sits in a chair beside Chertkov beneath a large banner : "Leo Tolstoy, Friend of the People.". Behind him, the disciples lay out a vegetarian feast on a plank table. Photographers and a cinematographer are strategically positioned to record th event. Each child gives Tolstoy a flower. Chertkov, in turn, han each child a photograph of the Count giving money to the poor. Valentin enters, flushed and blushing. He pauses beside Dushan who records the scene in his diary, tears in his eyes. DUSHAN
7) 37) text: An old man is a very ugly thing. Tolstoy sees Valentin, lights up. TOLSTOY
7) 38) text: My dear boy. Come and kiss me. Valentin, beet red, goes to him. He is warmly embraced.
7) 40) text: Now, who is this? Maria Filipovna. Masha comes to stand beside him. She glances at Valentin but he won't make eye contact with her. TOLSTOY
7) 41) text: You're both looking so well. Life here at Telyatinki obviously agrees with you. Valentin sneezes mightily, moves a little away. TOLSTOY
7) 42) text: God bless you, boy. What are you nervous about, now? Sit down. Sit down. Valentin takes the chair beside him. TOLSTOY
7) 43) text: Dear Masha, Valentin tells me you're the great treasure of Telyatinki. He claims you're a very gifted teacher. Sergeyenko lifts an eyebrow "Indeed.". Valentin is in agony. MASHA
7) 44) text: We're happy to have you with us. Tolstoy notices a mosquito on Valentin's cheek. He takes the bug between his big fingers, squeezes until it pops. Chertkov watches in horror, whispers loudly. CHERTKOV
7) 49) text: It's absurd. That's all. Chertkov is taken aback.   Valentin stares at her.
7) 53) text: Forgive him. He can't help it. He's a better Tolstoyan than I am. She can't help laughing again. Valentin sees the color ri in Chertkov's face. CHERTKOV
7) 55) text: From my mother "Nerves dreadful. Stop. Insomnia. Stop. Pulse 100. Stop. Please come home. 51   INT. TELYATINKI. CHERTKOV'S STUDY. DAY. Chertkov is there. Tolstoy, Valentin and Sasha. SASHA
7) 56) text: Don't give in to her, Papa. It'll never end...I swear to God, that woman has an instinct for knowing when you're just about to enjoy yourself A knock on the door. Valentin opens it. It's Dushan with another cable. Tolstoy gestures for him to read it aloud. DUSHAN
7) 58) text: Who taught her to use that damned machine? Valentin starts to sneeze, stifles it, starts again, stifles, starts, explodes. Guilty. CHERTKOV
9) 0) text: Valentin sits by himself on the porch, writes in his diar Down below, some of the disciples listen to peasants play music around a bonfire. A voice from the darkness. MASHA
9) 1) text: I'm not supposed to do this either. He locates the speaker by the glow of her lit cigarette. VALENTIN
9) 3) text: You wouldn't look at me. VALENTIN
9) 5) text: But it wasn't difficult in your bed... When it was only you and me in front of God. VALENTIN
9) 7) text: So, I made you forget God? VALENTIN
9) 9) text: Yes, only for a moment. You forgot your rules and remembered love. VALENTIN
9) 13) text: But you're afraid... All your ideas. What are you afraid of? VALENTIN
9) 16) text: No. I feel a little sad, but it is not for me. It's for you. She disappears into the house. Valentin looks after her. 55   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SOFYA'S BEDROOM. MORNING. The Countess wakes to find her bed empty. 56   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. BACK TERRACE. DAY. She comes through the dining room to find Tolstoy on the back terrace. Wrapped in a blanket, he writes in his diar a cup of tea in front of him. SOFYA
11) 0) text: CHERTKOV and SERGEYENKO look through a crack in the interior window. THEIR POV - the Countess on the sofa drinking a glass of tea. Valentin enters from the meeting room. VALENTIN
11) 2) text: How does she know it even exists? VALENTIN
11) 4) text: He is obviously not thinking clearly. And now we have to put up with her petty grasping. VALENTIN
11) 6) text: I beg your pardon? VALENTIN
11) 8) text: And you're her advocate? You've been taken in by her celebrity. I worried about this. VALENTIN
11) 10) text: We should see her. Act as if nothing has happened. VALENTIN
11) 13) text: Sofya Andreyevna, at last, you honour us with your visit. Valentin watches her match him smile for smile. SOFYA
11) 26) text: Valentin Fedorovich...are you coming back to the house with me? Valentin glances between them, searching for middle groun VALENTIN
11) 28) text: Masha will be overjoyed. Valentin's nose twitches. He looks at the floor. SOFYA (O.S.)
11) 29) text: Have you been keeping something from me? How delightful. 64   EXT. ROAD TO TELYATINKI. DAY. They are back in the droshky, the return trip to Yasnaya Polyana. Valentin doesn't respond. SOFYA
11) 30) text: We've become close friends, I think. Tell me everything, dear boy. I love a romance. VALENTIN
11) 32) text: A young woman in your life is nothing? VALENTIN
11) 37) text: That sounds serious enough. Valentin looks away. SOFYA
11) 38) text: I don't mean to annoy you. VALENTIN
11) 41) text: Do you love her? Valentin looks at Sofya, tears in his eyes. VALENTIN
11) 44) text: What do any of them know about love? 65   EXT. TELYATINKI COMPOUND. DAY. Masha carries two water buckets suspended from a pole across her shoulders. Arriving at a stream, she takes eac bucket and fills it. It's hot work. Pausing a moment, she kneels to splash water on her face. Another P.O.V. - someone watches her from the trees. As Masha wets a cloth, puts it around her neck. Suddenly someone grabs her from behind. She screams, wrestle her way free. She turns to see Valentin, flushed, smiling, excited. He steps toward her, kicks over one of the buckets. VALENTIN
11) 47) text: Fine...fine...Why did you...? VALENTIN
11) 48) text: I came back as soon as I could. It was a strange day. Leo Nikolayevich,...I love to listen to him. I love nothing more... He moves closer to her. VALENTIN
11) 49) text: But today I could hardly concentrate. He's very close to her, now. VALENTIN
11) 50) text: All I could think of was you. Masha shakes her head, moves away from him. Begins to gather the pole, to refill the spilled bucket. Stops her, turns her to him. VALENTIN
11) 52) text: I think I've confused you. I've confused us both. VALENTIN
11) 53) text: No. No. You didn´t confuse me..I was stupid. I was afraid, but I'm not afraid anymore. Valentin wants to fight through the awkwardness. He tries to kiss her. She won't have it. She pulls away. VALENTIN
11) 55) text: Maybe you could help me a little. In silence, he gets the filled buckets balanced on the pole. Without another word, Masha starts toward the buildings. He doesn't know what to do. He's losing her. H shouts. VALENTIN
11) 59) text: Yes... VALENTIN
11) 61) text: I'll wait for you, then. As Valentin goes to catch her up, he sees Sergeyenko watching from outside the unfinished chicken coop.
12) 1) text: Ivan, who's wearing that awful perfume? Ivan a gesture indicating an elaborate moustache. She ste into the hall in time to see Tolstoy, Chertkov, Valentin and Sasha disappear into the library, ducks back into her room to avoid being seen
13) 0) text: Chertkov, Sasha, Dushan, Valentin and Tolstoy sit in a little clump by his desk. Tolstoy his head in his hands, looks at the floor.
13) 5) text: Take this down. Valentin records the conversation in his diary.
13) 12) text: With all love and respect, the Countess is too interested in making a profit from your work. 72   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SECOND STORY BALCONY. DAY. Sofya moves along the narrow ledge as if it's a perfectly normal activity.. Looking down, she sees a couple of gawkers watching her from the lawn. She shoos them away. 73   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. DAY. Valentin turns his head. Did he hear something? TOLSTOY
13) 14) text: But you're more than a husband and father. She must understand that. The best interests of the people are one with your own. You belong to them. Valentin glances up...and is shocked to see SOFYA LOOKING IN AT THE STUDY WINDOW. She disappears. 74   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SECOND STORY BALCONY. DAY. Sofya has reached the french doors. She can hear clearly now. TOLSTOY (O.S.)
14) 16) text: You'll kill him, Mama. That's what you want, isn't it? You want him to die!" She helps him up, takes him to his bedroom. Valentin follows. She looks at Chertkov. SOFYA
14) 26) text: Or gone to America. He leaves the room. Sofya sinks back to the floor, a flow wilting. She begins to weep. An Aria from Madame Butterfl comes over 78   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. DINING ROOM. NIGHT. From a record on the gramophone. The table is set for ten although no one is at dinner but Sofya Andreyevna and Valentin. He is visibly uncomfortable. An awkward silence VALENTIN
14) 29) dialog: I took singing lessons for years. I thought about a career in music. The only thing I lacked, in the end, was talent. (beat)
14) 33) text: Our life together has become intolerable. Stifling a sneeze, Valentin gets up to leave,tries to fle the inappropriateness of all this. SOFYA
14) 34) text: Sit down, Valentin. VALENTIN
14) 40) text: Why should it be easy? I'm the work of your life. You're the work of mine. Its what love is. Aside to Valentin. SOFYA
14) 41) text: Everything with him is hysterics VALENTIN
14) 43) text: Sit down. (beat) So, this is what love is.   Does that surprise you, boy? They both look at him VALENTIN
14) 53) text: I hate you. I hate what you've become. She picks up another plate, lets it fall. Now, she acts a if she's choking or gasping for breath. VALENTIN
14) 62) text: You're lying on a fork. Sit up and you'll improve markedly...Valentin, help to get her upstairs, would you? Valentin helps Sofya to her feet. Dushan gets up himself and walks to Tolstoy. DUSHAN
15) 0) text: Valentin sits at the bonfire, with other disciples. After while he walks towards the house. 81   INT. TELYATINKI. KITCHEN. NIGHT. It's late. The house is quiet. Valentin walks into the kitchen to see Masha washing the dishes. Exhausted, he sits, stares at the floor. VALENTIN
15) 1) text: It was terrible there today... between them. They loved each other so much, but you see what it becomes. She stays at the sink, says nothing. VALENTIN
15) 4) text: I'm going back to Moscow. VALENTIN
15) 6) text: Chertkov spoke with me this afternoon. He says I could be more useful there...which means... Valentin shakes his head. His lip trembles. VALENTIN
15) 8) text: We've both disappointed him. VALENTIN
15) 10) text: No, I want to go. VALENTIN
15) 12) text: I'm leaving the movement. VALENTIN
15) 17) text: I'm going to my room. As she starts away. VALENTIN
15) 30) text: Valentin Fedorovich will stay with me, won't you, boy Valentin nods. Dushan goes to collect the doctors. MOMENTS LATER-Tolstoy goes to Sofya's bed. He takes her hand. She looks at him with all the love of a new bride. Tears come to his eyes. He kisses her hand. SOFYA
15) 32) text: You rest now. Valentin watches from the doorway as Tolstoy leaves the bedside and walks out. 83   EXT. ZASYEKA WOODS. DAY. It is an autumn afternoon. Valentin and Tolstoy pick thei way through the thick undergrowth. As they come into a clearing. Valentin is surprised to se a portable table and several chairs set up like lawyers office in the middle of the wood. Sergeyenko fiddles with piece of paper on the desk. Chertkov comes toward them. Tolstoy stops his horse. He turns to Valentin with tears his eyes. TOLSTOY
15) 45) text: You're a secretary.       How can you not have a pen? Sergeyenko points at Valentin. SERGEYENKO
15) 47) text: Valentin Fedorovich, do you have a pen?
15) 49) text: I do. Valentin fetches it from his satchel. Pen in hand, Tolstoy hovers over the document. A long moment. CHERTKOV
15) 51) text: I feel like a conspirator. Sergeyenko laughs. Chertkov glares at him. It's beyond awkward. Valentin looks to the sky, sees the crows circling again. Without further hesitation, Tolstoy picks up the pen and signs the document. Then he moves away from the group. Valentin watches him. 84   EXT. ZASYEKA WOODS. DAY. Valentin and Tolstoy water their horses at a stream. Tolstoy seems weary.
15) 52) dialog: Maybe we should get back. It'll be dark soon. May I ask you something that has nothing to do with work? TOLSTOY
15) 53) text: Of course, my dear. VALENTIN
15) 57) text: I gave her one clue. The first two Y's, I said, stand for "your youth" and then the most miraculous thing happened. She simply spoke the phrase, my phrase... Tolstoy looks at Valentin as if the boy might offer some explanation of the miraculous. TOLSTOY
15) 59) text: And now this. Tolstoy reaches into his boot, extracts his SECRET DIARY. He takes a pen from his shirt, begins to write. Valentin amazed. HE HAD A PEN ALL THE TIME. 85   INT. TELYATINKI. MEETING ROOM. NIGHT. Valentin exhausted, sits at the long table.   Chertkov appears at his office door. CHERTKOV
15) 60) text: Thank you again, Valentin Fedorovich, for your forethought. VALENTIN
15) 62) text: You know I had thought for a time to suggest that Leo Nikolayevich look for someone else. But...he said no. He said "He reminds me of myself when I was young." He goes. After a moment, Valentin gets up and goes to the study door. VALENTIN
15) 65) text: Really. VALENTIN
15) 67) text: She is leading you around the nose. VALENTIN
15) 69) text: Yes... The love he tells us to practice, the love of the Gospels. Why do I have to explain this? Perfect love. Eternal love. The love that binds mankind together. VALENTIN
15) 71) text: Leo Nikolayevich also teaches us love can not be weakminded. Go. You won't be missed ...a naive sentimentalist Valentin looks at him for a long moment, then bursts out laughing, walks away CHERTKOV
15) 72) text: Why are you laughing? You think I'm ridiculous. VALENTIN
16) 12) text: What is it, dear boy? You look unhappy. What do you want to say? But before Valentin can respond A GUNSHOT RINGS OUT.
17) 0) text: Sofya sits in a chair, firing shot after shot at the photograph of Chertkov. Tolstoy and Valentin enter. TOLSTOY
17) 1) text: Sofya, what are you doing? She turns toward him, waves the gun in his direction. Valentin ducks against the wall. SOFYA
17) 10) text: I'd like you to stay here tonight. VALENTIN
17) 11) text: Yes, of course. With that, the old man gets up and leaves the room, leavi Valentin in the wreckage of his world. 93   EXT. YASNAYA POLYANA. GROUNDS. NIGHT. The wind blows the trees around the old house.   We see a lighted lamp move up the stairs. 94   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. LIBRARY. NIGHT. Valentin in his makeshift bed. SASHA (O.S.)
17) 12) text: Valentin. Valentin. He is immediately awake. Sasha, lamp in hand, crouches beside him. SASHA
17) 13) text: Get up. He's leaving. VALENTIN
17) 17) text: Essentials only. Nothing that isn't absolutely necessary. Valentin struggles to close a case full of books and papers. TOLSTOY
17) 26) text: He's changed his mind. He's going back to the house. They watch as Tolstoy kneels on the wet grass, bending lo to rub his hands against the earth. After a moment, Valentin goes to him, kneels next to him. VALENTIN
17) 31) text: Help me up, will you? As they go, he hands Valentin an envelope. TOLSTOY
17) 32) text: Give this to Sofya. VALENTIN
17) 39) text: Liar! Sasha won't rise to the bait. Valentin comes into the room.
17) 42) text: For good. VALENTIN
17) 51) dialog: Countess!
17) 55) dialog: Sasha, go back to the jetty. Here, let me help you. He offers his arm, using it to push her to safety.
17) 58) text: I will. I will. Stay here. With that, he pushes away from the dock and makes a sharp plunge under the water. Sasha watches, waits...and after a long moment Valentin surfaces pulling Sofya with him. On the dock, the servants and Sasha help him to get her heavy body , water soaked dress, back onto the bank. She looks terrible. Her tongue lolling out, water drizzli from her open mouth. Sasha is overcome. SASHA
17) 59) text: She's dead. My mother. She's dead. Ivan takes action. He rolls her on to her stomach, works expel water from her lungs. This goes on for an agonizing length of time. Valentin looks to the sky... dull and gra Then a sound, coughing sputtering. She is alive. Sasha, Valentin, and the servants help up. SASHA
17) 64) text: I see no harm in it. Let's get her to bed. Valentin nods. Ivan appears beside him. IVAN
18) 0) text: Sasha walks into dining room. Valentin pours them tea.
18) 2) dialog: I'm glad she can sleep. The pain subsides a little.
18) 17) dialog: Ingenious.
18) 24) dialog: I'm here. She walks to his desk.
18) 26) dialog: I don't know if she's my girl.
18) 29) dialog: I very much hope so.
18) 41) dialog: I´ve told you she has promised she wouldn´t make any problems. But besides, where are we going? Tolstoy has overheard them.
18) 57) dialog: Please move back. Please let him breath. Please give him some room.
18) 71) dialog: The stationmaster says we may have his house for as long as we need it. There are no inns nearby, so we're lucky.
19) 0) text: Valentin approaches the operator.
19) 1) dialog: Hello, hello? Could you send a cable for me?
19) 4) dialog: Tolstoy ill at Astapovo. Temperature high. Send it to Sofya Andreyevna, Yasnaya Polyana. 120   INT. YASNAYA POLYANA. SITTING ROOM. NIGHT. Sofya paces. Andrey lolls on the couch reading the paper.
19) 14) dialog: He wasn't well enough to travel. It's very cold. Chertkov doesn't hear, He's basking in his victory.
19) 25) dialog: Ready for what?
19) 29) text: Now, all of you, help turn me over. 123   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. NIGHT. Everyone is asleep. Valentin keeps a vigil at Tolstoy's bedside. His rest is fitful, his breathing ragged. Valent stands and walks out. 124   INT. ASTAPOVO. TELEGRAPH OFFICE. NIGHT. Valentin approaches the little window.
19) 30) dialog: I'd like to send another cable. The man nods, readies his pencil.
19) 31) dialog: At Astapovo. Stop. Tolstoy Ill. Stop. Heart breaking. Stop. Please Come.... That's it. The man looks to him for an address.
19) 32) dialog: It goes to Masha...to Maria Filipovna Melinov, Moscow. Thank you. 125   EXT. ASTAPOVO. PLATFORM. DAY. The media circus is in town. There are snack bars and hut an army camp with typewriters instead of guns. Several ne cameras are set up near the stationmaster's house. Tents have been erected as make shift shelters and offices. Reporters struggle to get into the telegraph office. Word goes around something big is happening. At the platform, we see the highly polished private train pull in. The Countess has arrived.
19) 37) text: She moves with purpose across the tracks and through the throng Reporters pelt her with questions. 126   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. DAY. Chertkov, Sasha and Valentin watch through the window.
19) 41) dialog: Let me speak to her.
19) 47) text: Dushan is terrified. Valentin arrives at the platform.
19) 48) dialog: Countess!
19) 51) dialog: Of course. But I'm not certain if it´s the best time, Countess. She starts toward the building.
19) 53) dialog: Sofya Andreyevna... (to the crowd) Stay back, stay back.
19) 62) text: Is that true? Valentin nods.   She tries another tack. SOFYA
19) 64) text: We didn't have to. It was in all the papers. Valentin is very aware of the publicness of it all. VALENTIN
19) 77) dialog: Yes, of course. Sofya takes his arm, starts back across the platform. Shaken, she tries her best to maintain her dignity as she walks through the crowd. She leans against Valentin, whispers.
19) 79) dialog: No, Countess, Don't worry. Not at all. Around her, journalists ask questions, photographers call out "Turn to us, Countess." "Show us your eyes."
20) 0) text: Valentin comes into the room, acknowledges Chertkov who sits at his makeshift desk going through letters and cables. He goes to the bedside, stops next to Dushan. Silence, interrupted only by Tolstoy's incessant hiccups. Valentin notices Dushan is on the verge of tears.
20) 1) dialog: What is it? Dushan, what´s wrong?
21) 0) text: Where Chertkov has made a makeshift office. He pores through the cables, letters and telegrams that litter the station master's dining table. He holds one up for Valentin.
21) 2) dialog: You lied to him.
21) 4) dialog: He wants to see her.    You heard him say it.
21) 6) dialog: I don´t know, they´ve been married for 48 years.
21) 8) dialog: She promised me-
21) 10) dialog: They have a whole life togehter. Why do you have to deny that?
21) 12) dialog: Keep the priest away-
21) 16) dialog: No, you want an icon. You want to take photographs and give out postcards..You want people to kneel in front of an image you´ve created. But he doesn´t wanted that. He never wanted that, and it will give him no peace. (beat) He wants to see her...let her come. They see Sasha looking from the door.   She turns and clo it.
21) 18) dialog: Oh, God. You exhaust me.
21) 20) dialog: Tell me one thing. That image you want to create, just looks like you, doesn´t it? Valentin leaves the room. 137   EXT. ASTAPOVO. PLATFORM. NIGHT. The circus sleeps. Valentin sits on a bench outside the station master's house. The tents erected by the press glow like lanterns in the field.
22) 0) text: Dushan appears in the doorway. Solemn, he gestures for hi to come inside. Valentin stands. 140   INT. ASTAPOVO. PRIVATE TRAIN CARRIAGE. NIGHT. Sofya watches the two figures disappear inside. 141   INT. ASTAPOVO. STATIONMASTER'S HOUSE. NIGHT. Valentin sees Chertkov standing near the bed. Dushan returns to the chair next to Tolstoy. His cheeks are damp his breathing irregular.
22) 5) text: Someone needs to look after her. There is a long pause. Sasha looks at Valentin.
22) 39) dialog: Masha... Masha. She walks slowly toward him out of the crowd. He goes to her, takes her in a long embrace.
22) 40) dialog: Masha...Masha...I'm so sorry he's gone. He´s gone.
22) 42) dialog: I love you. I do. I love you.
22) 48) dialog: Excuse me, Countess. This may not be the time, but- Sofya smiles
22) 50) dialog: Masha...this is Masha. Sofya nods.
22) 52) dialog: No, no. Not at all. I just wanted to say good bye.
22) 55) dialog: God bless you, too.