18) 0) text: C.J., Madeline, Tommy, Tyler, and Mr. and Mrs. Hofferman enter. A huge chandelier hangs down from the second story. A lar staircase leads up. The house is elegant and enormous. JOHNNY CROSS (age 35), the realtor, tall and handsome, strides towards them oozing used car salesman charm.
18) 1) dialog: How are you folks today?
18) 4) dialog: Actually, you might be surprised. There are some very creative loan options out there.
18) 8) dialog: I'm sure we can work something out. Obstacles are meant to be overcome. Mr. Hofferman rolls his eyes as he continues to do reps w the dumbbells.
19) 0) text: Johnny, C.J., Mr. and Mrs. Hofferman, Madeline, Tyler, an Tommy enter. The living room is every bit as elegant as t rest of the house, with a huge sprawling kitchen on one s and a great living area on the other. Two french doors le out to a huge backyard.
19) 2) dialog: Seven and a quarter. The phone hasn't stopped ringing since they listed it. I'm tempted to buy it myself and flip it. Johnny pulls a mini-football out of his briefcase.
19) 3) dialog: Hey, kids. Why don't you go outside and throw the football around. It's a great backyard.
19) 14) dialog: What is your current payment? C.J. Around eighteen hundred per month.
19) 15) dialog: So if I could get you into this house for around the same amount, you'd put in an offer today? C.J. Yeah, I guess.
19) 16) dialog: How much equity do you have in your house? C.J. About a hundred thousand. Johnny whips out a calculator and starts inputting number
19) 17) dialog: If you could put down one-fifty, and placed an offer of seven hundred, and took a fifty year mortgage, your payment would only be around twenty- four hundred. That's pretty close to your current payment.
19) 20) dialog: Why don't you guys put in an offer for seven hundred. (more)
24) 0) text: C.J., Frank and Steve wave as Dan and Debbie drive away i their SUV towing the boat. The SUV is packed with accessories, literally falling out windows -- life jackets, rubber bumpers, anchors, ropes, fire extinguisher, a boat cover, water skis, a wake board and a huge inflatable yellow hotdog wave rider strapped t the roof. C.J. You know what guys? I've had it! You guys are -- MUSIC blares as Johnny pulls up in his Corvette. C.J. tur and sees Johnny Cross.
24) 1) dialog: Hey, Captain, so this is your lot? Johnny steps forward and holds out his hand to Frank and Steve.
24) 2) dialog: Johnny Cross. A pleasure to meet you. They shake hands. C.J. Have you heard anything on my offer?
24) 3) dialog: It's being handled by another agent in the office. I'm getting out of real estate. C.J. Really?
24) 4) dialog: That's actually why I came by. (beat) I've sold all kinds of stuff from lemonade when I was a kid to cars to real estate, and I've always been the best. And while I love to sell, I've never loved what I was selling. Frank rolls his eyes.
24) 5) dialog: When I was a kid, my grandfather used to take me fishing. (more)
24) 9) dialog: I learn quickly. Give me a shot. You won't be sorry. C.J. hesitates.
24) 10) dialog: I'll work on commission only. It's ano lose situation. C.J. considers this. C.J. Wouldn't you make a lot more money in real estate?
24) 11) dialog: It's not about the money. I've got plenty. I just want to do something I enjoy for a change.
24) 15) dialog: Money in the bank. C.J. (calling to Kyle) Kyle. Come over here for a second.
24) 17) dialog: Hello, welcome to Mason Marine.
24) 19) dialog: I started today. How can I help you?
24) 21) dialog: That's very Macgyver of you. But, no, I don't think it will work. I do however have the perfect boat for you. Wait here. 21. 34 35 Johnny shows Harvey over to the deck and pulls out a chai for Harvey to sit in.
24) 23) dialog: We're having a sale on this boat. It's only a hundred dollars. This
24) 30) dialog: How much would you pay for it?
24) 32) dialog: No. I can't go that low. It won't take much to get this back on the water. I think I'll keep this one for myself. Johnny starts rolling the wheelbarrow away.
24) 34) dialog: Thirty-five and it's yours.
24) 38) dialog: Nobody said which boat.
25) 0) text: Johnny, Kyle, Steve, and Frank sit on the deck. A half em box of doughnuts sits on the table. Frank eats a maple lo Johnny reads a boating magazine. C.J. exits the shop pushing a dolly with a helium tank on C.J. Let's start blowing up some balloons and make this place look like we're having a party. Johnny gets up, followed by Kyle.
25) 1) dialog: Aye aye, Captain.
26) 0) text: Johnny and Kyle stand blowing up balloons.
26) 1) dialog: What is their deal? Are they here to sell or eat free doughnuts?
26) 3) dialog: Are you kidding? Listen, Kyle, I'm about to sell more than the three of you combined. If you want to learn how to sell, you come talk to me.
26) 7) dialog: Sales is all about the details.
27) 0) text: Johnny and GARY look at a 22' Boston Whaler.
27) 1) dialog: Do I hear a bit of an accent? Where are you from?
27) 3) dialog: Really, I lived in Asheville. Right off Tunnel Road by Pete's Diner.
27) 5) dialog: Yeah, Pete's a great guy. If you're back in Asheville, tell him I said hello.
27) 7) dialog: I hate to see it go, but if someone's going to buy it, I'd really like you to have it. This was my grandfather's Whaler. He taught me how to fish and chase women in this boat.
27) 9) dialog: He just passed away and it's too emotional when I fish out of it now.
27) 11) dialog: Thanks. He took great care of this boat. You're not going to find one in better condition. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 41 42 43 44 45 25.
28) 0) text: The Whaler is hooked up to Gary's truck. Johnny pulls the chains connecting the trailer to the truck to make sure they're secure.
28) 1) dialog: You're all set. Johnny waves and Gary drives away.
28) 14) dialog: Okay, you're good to go. Enjoy yourself out on the water. The truck drives off towing the boat. Johnny walks back toward the building. The sun is setting C.J. stands in the doorway. Frank walks by. C.J. How'd it go with that customer?
30) 0) text: Johnny stands beside a Ranger bass boat talking to a customer, MATT. Frank stands nearby.
30) 1) dialog: Do you want the hundred and fifty horsepower motor for an extra five hundred or the ninety horsepower motor for the advertised price?
30) 3) dialog: Not for that price. We'd lose our shirts if we did that. The ninety horsepower is a fine motor. It will get the job done, but this boat will scream with that hundred and fifty.
30) 7) dialog: Are you sure?
30) 9) dialog: Wow, my mistake. This boat is a hell of a deal. Thanks, Frank. Johnny turns back to Matt.
30) 10) dialog: Sorry about that, Matt, but it's all the better deal for you. Since you're saving five hundred dollars, let's take a look at a bimini top and some accessories to really cherry it out.
31) 0) text: Johnny enters carrying a stack of paperwork.
31) 1) dialog: I got full bill on that Ranger and sold about a grand worth of accessories. C.J. That's great! You're doing a terrific job. I'd venture to say that you're almost as good a salesman as I am. Johnny smiles and turns to leave, but then turns back to
31) 2) dialog: You and I should have a sell-off. You know, just for fun. C.J. I wouldn't want to embarrass you in front of the other guys.
31) 3) dialog: Right, right. Well if you change your mind, let me know. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 29.
32) 0) text: Frank enters the bathroom. Johnny shoots in after him and pushes him up against the wall.
32) 1) dialog: Listen Jimmy Buffett, if you ever cut in on one of my sales again, you'll be eating your doughnut through a straw. Johnny throws Frank to the side and walks away. Frank rub his sore neck.
33) 0) text: Johnny waves to ANOTHER CUSTOMER, who drives away towing boat. Frank, Kyle, and Steve sit on the deck. Steve and Kyle sm
33) 4) dialog: Thanks, man. Hey, you guys want to go grab a beer?
33) 15) dialog: Looks like it's just me and you. C.J. I'd love to, but my wife is going to have dinner on the table in half an hour.
33) 16) dialog: Come on. Just one beer. I got some ideas I want to bounce off of you. I think they could really get this lot going.
34) 0) text: C.J and Johnny sit at the bar.
34) 1) dialog: I just love that feeling when you've got them and there's nothing they can do. You're a big old Cheshire cat grinning down at the little mouse in the corner and they're going to buy whatever you're selling. God it's good! C.J. Man, I wish the other guys had the passion for selling you and I have.
34) 2) dialog: It's addictive. All you have to do is give them a taste of the drug.
34) 6) dialog: You have to think outside the box. When I was sales manager at Greensboro Ford, I hired a really hot secretary to motivate the guys. She had these big fake tits and a tight little ass. The top salesman of the day got to bang her. C.J. Was she a prostitute?
34) 7) dialog: She wasn't fucking those rednecks for fun. C.J. laughs a bit nervously. Johnny smi
34) 8) dialog: Anybody can sell. You just have to find their button. C.J. You don't know Frank very well.
34) 9) dialog: Why don't you let me manage the guys for a while? I've got some ideas I think will get them selling. C.J. I don't know, I'm not sure how they would take it with you being here such a short time.
34) 10) dialog: I outsell the three of them put together. C.J. Frank won't listen to me. He's never going to listen to you.
34) 11) dialog: Come on, just try it for a month and if it doesn't work, I'll go back to straight selling. If it does work, I get a half point on everything they sell. les at C.J. like a Cheshire cat. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 32.
35) 0) text: Kyle, Steve, and Johnny are seated, eating doughnuts and drinking coffee. Frank enters and looks at the half empty box of doughnuts.
35) 2) dialog: The early bird gets the worm. Johnny greedily bites into the bear claw.
35) 8) dialog: I'm here to help you guys, to teach you to sell. I want us all to make a lot of money. Steve starts CLAPPING.
35) 9) dialog: Save it, Steve. Steve stops clapping.
35) 10) dialog: But let me tell you something. This shit about hanging out on the deck smoking, not helping out with the balloons, being a bunch of lazy asses... That dog don't hunt. You guys have had it too easy for too long. Things are about to change around here, and you're going to have to start producing.
35) 12) dialog: Shut up, Steve. I don't need your fucking brown-nose bullshit. (and) If you guys get out of line, I'm not afraid to hit you. Frank, Steve, and Kyle all look at each other, dumbstruck
35) 13) dialog: It's called tough love. I want us to be like a family. I know how to sell, and believe me, I want to teach you guys everything I know a lot more than I want to smash your fucking face in.
36) 4) dialog: Did you get his contact information? Frank sighs.
36) 7) dialog: A motivational technique. (pointing toa customer) Now go help that customer and make sure you sell some accessories.
37) 0) text: Johnny catches up with Victor.
37) 1) dialog: Hey, I'm the sales manager. I just wanted to see if there was anything I could do to get your business.
37) 3) dialog: We've got a twenty-foot Four Winns that'll run in the mid fifties.
37) 7) dialog: I can get you that boat. Let me get your phone number and I'll call you. Johnny takes out a pen and starts writing Victor's phone number down.
38) 0) text: C.J. sits at his desk nervously looking at PICTURES of hi new house. Johnny enters and sees the pictures.
38) 1) dialog: That sure is a nice house. C.J. Yeah, it really is. But between you and I, I don't know if I can really afford it. Johnny moves behind C.J. to get a better look at the pictures, resting a hand on C.J.'s shoulder.
38) 2) dialog: We're going to get you that house. C.J. How? Do you have an extra seven and a quarter you can give me?
38) 3) dialog: No. But I've got some new motivational techniques I want to try out on the guys. If they work, it'll earn us at least that much. C.J. What ever you need to do to get those guys selling, just go and do it.
39) 2) dialog: Is that your daughter?
39) 6) dialog: What a great little athlete she is. Lucky girl, she looks just like you. And then it dawns on Frank that it's a little strange tha Johnny is there.
39) 8) dialog: I was in the neighborhood. (a beat) I told you, I want to be your friend and your boss.
39) 10) dialog: You'll have to have me over for dinner sometime. (to Lucy) See you later. Johnny waves as he exits.
41) 0) text: Johnny's Corvette is parked next to Steve's car. Johnny g out of his car holding a CAMERA.
42) 0) text: Madeline prepares breakfast. C.J.'s phone RINGS. He answe it. C.J. (into phone) Hey, Johnny, what's up?
42) 1) dialog: Captain, I'm on fire. I've gota customer looking for a 22-foot center console. I was wondering if you had anything like that? C.J. (into phone) I was looking at one yesterday. I'll go pick it right up, now.
42) 3) dialog: You know what, the customer's not coming back until three. Stay and have breakfast with your family. C.J. (into phone) Are you sure?
42) 4) dialog: Yeah, Captain, I've got everything covered down here. C.J. (into phone) Okay, well thanks. C.J. hangs up the phone. C.J. What's for breakfast?
43) 0) text: Steve sits across from Johnny.
43) 3) dialog: You're doing better, but there's a lot of room for improvement.
43) 5) dialog: (interrupting) At the end of the day, it's all about the numbers, and yours just aren't there. Here's the deal. Johnny pulls out a manila folder filled with PICTURES of Steve and Andrea having sex.
43) 6) dialog: You either start selling or I'm sending these to your wife. Johnny starts handing the pictures, one by one, across to Steve. Steve's face goes pale.
43) 7) dialog: Is her mom still in town for the threesome or did she swim back to the Arctic? Johnny waits for a response, then flips the last picture Steve, a picture of JOHNNY having sex with Andrea doggie- style.
43) 9) dialog: Who's your daddy?
45) 0) text: Johnny sits at his desk, Frank sits in front of him.
45) 1) dialog: You've shown some improvement, but your numbers need to be about double what they are now.
45) 3) dialog: It would be a real shame if your daughter lost her legs and couldn't play soccer anymore.
45) 5) dialog: No, you don't quit, you sell. Frank gets up and leaves. Johnny follows Frank with his stare.
47) 0) text: Kyle is on stage ROCKING with his BAND. A CROWD of about fifty people dance along to the music. A gaggle of HOT CHICKS lines the front row, SCREAMING at Kyle. Johnny is in the back at the bar drinking and listening t the music.
48) 0) text: Kyle's band moves their equipment into a minivan. Kyle an Johnny stand in the alley smoking.
48) 3) dialog: You guys are actually pretty good. You could go places.
48) 5) dialog: You really have to sell your band to the record company.
48) 7) dialog: Everything in life is sales. The drummer starts loading the van with the drum kit.
48) 8) dialog: See that drum kit? Someone sold it to your drummer. Your van? Someone sold it to your parents. This building? Sold to the owner. The concrete we're standing on? Sold to the city. Do you invite industry people to your shows and tell them how great your band is?
48) 10) dialog: Why?
48) 12) dialog: Kind of like us inviting customers to the lot to buy a great boat?
48) 14) dialog: I don't care if it's a boat or the greatest song ever written. (more)
51) 0) text: Johnny and Kyle sit on the deck. A customer, QUINCY, come onto the lot.
51) 1) dialog: Get to know him a bit and then start a negotiation. Ask him if he'd buy the boat for a dollar. Once he agrees to that, it's just a matter of deciding on a price. Johnny sees Quincy looking at a Wellcraft Bow Rider.
51) 2) dialog: Go get him, tiger. Kyle heads out towards Quincy.
53) 0) text: C.J. and Johnny blow up balloons. C.J. I know this is probably ridiculous, so don't take this the wrong way. But did you shock Frank with some kind of a stun gun? Johnny pulls out his tazer gun.
53) 1) dialog: I was just kidding around with him. It doesn't really hurt. It's made for training dogs. C.J. I think it upsets Frank, so maybe you better not shock him anymore.
53) 2) dialog: Yeah, yeah, no problem, Captain. C.J. hangs the sign on the wall. It reads: "SUPER DUPER
53) 5) dialog: Did you tell C.J. I tazered you?
56) 0) text: Johnny stands beside a Larson family boat, showing it to CLOSSON and his wife, JENNIFER.
56) 2) dialog: You have my word, you will leave here with a safe, quality boat that won't sink.
56) 7) dialog: Funny you should ask. That was my grandfather's boat. He passed away last month. I was going to keep it, but there are too many memories wrapped up in her.
56) 9) dialog: Thank you. The upside for you is that my grandfather kept this thing in the garage right next to his fully restored 1956 Corvette. Johnny puts his hand on the boat.
56) 10) dialog: You won't find a cleaner, safer, or more reliable boat on the lot. Grandpa would love it if he knew a nice, young couple got her.
56) 12) dialog: Help yourself. But do me a favor and slip your shoes off. Grandpa always insisted. Jennifer and Troy take their shoes off. Jennifer smiles a Troy helps her into the boat.
57) 0) text: Johnny pulls some paperwork off of the printer. Kyle ente
57) 2) dialog: Don't worry. I checked it out myself. It's solid as a rock. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77 718 719 80 47.
59) 0) text: Johnny stands at the whiteboard adding up sales. C.J. enters and looks at the board, incredulous. C.J. Frank did eighteen thousand yesterday?
59) 1) dialog: Yeah, he's really picking it up. C.J. And Steve did twenty-two?
59) 2) dialog: The boys are hustling, Captain. Kyle just sold that VIP, about two grand in accessories and an extended warranty. C.J. I'm going to have get more boats.
65) 0) text: Johnny smokes a cigarette. Troy comes storming through the front gate with the look a madman.
65) 2) dialog: Hey, I'm really sorry. What happened?
66) 0) text: C.J. and Frank hear the commotion and move to the doorway Johnny gets to Troy.
67) 2) dialog: Okay, okay, let's just take a look at the boat. As they walk out of the gate, Johnny picks up a 2x4 PIECE WOOD leaning against the fence. He pats the 2x4 in his other hand, testing the strength, if he's getting ready to hit someone with it.
68) 0) text: C.J. and Frank watch as Troy and Johnny disappear around corner.
69) 1) dialog: He was getting up in the boat and he fell backwards. Call 911! C.J. quickly dials his cell phone.
70) 0) text: C.J., Johnny, Frank, Steve, and Kyle stand on the deck. C.J. What the hell happened?
70) 1) dialog: He was stepping up on the boat and slipped and fell backwards.
70) 3) dialog: Yeah, I've got a bad knee and I was going to use it to help me into the boat. As he was falling, I dropped the 2x4 to try to catch him and he hit his head on it.
70) 5) dialog: I don't care what you think. God and I know the truth. (to C.J.) You're going to fire me, aren't you? C.J. pauses for a long moment.
70) 8) dialog: This is just like my last job. I come in here and turn this place around, but in the end, I get blamed for any negative shit that happens. You guys are jealous of me. pause as no one says anything.
70) 9) dialog: I'm going to the hospital to tell him how terrible I feel about this. Johnny walks off the lot.
72) 0) text: C.J. pulls a piece of paper out of a file drawer. Close on paper It's Johnny's RESUME. Three references are listed -- all dealerships. C.J. picks up the phone and dials the first number.
73) 0) text: Johnny sits in bed watching porn. His pants are around hi ankles. On the bureau, THREE CELL PHONES are lined up. The first RINGS. Johnny pulls his pants up, grabs the phone, and flips it
73) 1) dialog: (into phone; thick southern accent) Bob's Ford of Greenville. This is Carl, how can I help you today?
73) 4) dialog: (into phone; thick southern accent) Johnny? Oh, he was great. I'd give anything to have him back. We never sold so many cars. C.J. (into phone) Did you ever have any customer complaints or... (gulp) injuries?
73) 5) dialog: (into phone, thick southern accent) Injuries, nah. He was a model employee through and through. Johnny scoops up the other phones and runs out of the hot room. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 56.
73) 7) dialog: (into phone, thick southern accent) You take care of yourself, now.
73) 8) text: C.J. dials the next number on the resume. The second cell phone RINGS. Johnny picks it up.
73) 9) dialog: (into phone; thick Boston accent) Deal Chevrolet, this is Kevin. C.J. (into phone) Hey Kevin, I was calling for a reference on one of your former salesmen, Johnny Cross?
73) 10) dialog: (into phone; thick Boston accent) Did a good job for us. Never gave us any problems. Hell of a salesman. Suddenly, Johnny swerves around a pedestrian crossing the street, lays on the HORN.
73) 12) dialog: Hey, shut the fuck up! C.J. (into phone) What was that?
73) 13) dialog: (into phone; Boston accent) We're having the biggest sale of the year and customers are getting really excited. Oh. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 57.
74) 0) text: Johnny pulls up in front of Mason Marine. The third phone RINGS. Johnny picks it up.
74) 1) dialog: (into phone; thick Minnesota accent) Fargo Toyota and John Deere, can you hold please? C.J. (into phone) Sure.
74) 2) text: Johnny enters C.J.'s office.
74) 3) dialog: Hey, C.J. we got any hot leads today? Surprised, C.J. looks up at Johnny and spills his coffee himself. C.J. drops the phone and jumps up. Johnny leans down to pick up the phone. C.J. No, no, no, I got it. C.J. quickly grabs the phone from Johnny. C.J. I'm in the middle of a call. I'll be right with you.
74) 4) dialog: Who is it? C.J. Nobody, my realt -- wife. Johnny stares at him for a moment.
74) 5) dialog: You want another cup of coffee? C.J. No, I'm okay. Too much caffeine. Bad for me. Johnny exits.
74) 8) dialog: (from phone, thick Minnesota accent) Thanks for holding. How can I help you? C.J. Um, never mind. I think I gota wrong number. C.J. hangs up the phone. After a moment, he picks up the phone and dials again. C.J. (into phone) Yes, could I get the number for the Ford dealership in Greenville, South Carolina? C.J. writes down the number on a piece of paper, then dia the phone.
80) 0) text: Steve and Frank sit on the deck. Frank eats a doughnut. Steve smokes. Johnny approaches them.
80) 1) dialog: We're going to have a little contest this weekend. You guys have to sell ninety thousand dollars between the two of you.
80) 4) dialog: Well, Bob, tell them what they're going to win. (in a game show announcer voice) Well, Johnny, Frank's daughter gets to keep playing soccer and Steve's wife won't cut his nuts off. Johnny smiles and exits.
81) 0) text: Johnny stands at the cash register. An OLDER CUSTOMER pay Johnny.
81) 1) dialog: Thank you for shopping at Mason Marine. The older customer walks away. Johnny puts the cash into pocket. Steve enters.
81) 2) dialog: I'm going to lunch. You guys keep selling.
82) 3) dialog: What the fuck are you guys doing? You don't take lunch when you have ninety thousand dollars worth of boats to sell! What are you stupid?
82) 8) dialog: Did you just piss your pants? Johnny LAUGHS. Frank stands up and takes off his pants an proceeds to take off his soiled boxer shorts, too. Pissed, Frank marches out towards the front entrance.
82) 9) dialog: Put your pants back on. You're going to scare the customers. Frank tosses the dirty pants and underwear into Johnny's Corvette.
82) 10) dialog: No, you did not just do that! A COUPLE walks onto the lot. Frank runs by half-naked. Shocked, the couple stares at him.
82) 11) dialog: Sorry about that! We'll be right with you. We're having a huge sale today.
82) 12) dialog: (to Steve) Get your lazy ass out there and sell them a boat.
85) 0) text: Johnny's Corvette drives into the parking lot. Johnny get out and goes up to his room. A moment later, C.J.'s truck pulls in.
87) 0) text: Johnny's car pulls into the side parking lot
88) 0) text: Johnny adjusts his rear view, catches C.J.'s truck in it, smirks.
89) 0) text: Johnny gets out of his car and walks around the corner to the entrance. C.J. quickly gets out, walks to the corner and peeks arou Nobody.
89) 2) dialog: What's up, buddy? What are you doing here? C.J. Uh...I was, uh...you know, looking for a, uh, (looking at the sign) horny bunny.
89) 3) dialog: Well, you've come to the right place! Come on in. I'll treat you to a lap dance with Thumper. C.J. Uh, yeah, that's great. (looking at his watch) Oh my god, it's a lot later than I thought. Actually, I better be getting home.
89) 4) dialog: What are you worried about, your wife? It's not cheating if you're more than a mile from home. C.J. starts to walk away, but Johnny wraps his arm around and spins him back towards the club. C.J. No, it's not that. I forgot that Tuesday was pizza night with the kids.
89) 8) dialog: Just call her and tell her you're having rabbit. C.J. ducks out of his arm. C.J. If I stay, I'll be here all night.
89) 9) dialog: Okay, but you don't know what you're missing.
89) 11) dialog: (sotto) You better get up really early. Johnny follows C.J. with his stare and exits in the oppos direction.
90) 0) text: Johnny screeches up to the lot and jumps out of his Corve He approaches Victor.
90) 1) dialog: Thanks for meeting me so late. You got the cash?
90) 3) dialog: It's in the office. Johnny and Victor walk toward the front gate.
93) 0) text: Johnny sits on a fancy Harley Road King. A YUPPIE stands nearby. Johnny's phone RINGS. He answers it.
93) 1) dialog: Talk to me.
93) 4) dialog: Yeah. He ground me down a little bit. You wanted six for it, right? C.J. No, that's an eighty thousand dollar boat!
93) 5) dialog: Oh, wow, really? Man, did I miss the mark. Sorry about that. C.J. Stop fucking around. Where's the rest of the money?
93) 6) dialog: (to the Yuppie) I'll take it... I can pay cash. (into phone) I'm serious. I sold it for five thousand dollars. Just take it out of my next check. Johnny flips his cell phone closed.
95) 0) text: C.Jd., Frank, and Steve sit on the deck. C.J. NODS. C.J. Listen, I made a big mistake and I'm really sorry. Johnny is gone and I want you guys to come back.
100) 0) text: C.J. KNOCKS on the door. Johnny answers. Several packed suitcases lie behind him on the bed.
100) 1) dialog: Wow. What are you doing here? C.J. We need to talk.
101) 0) text: Johnny and C.J. sit at the bar. C.J. Why did you do this to me?
101) 1) dialog: What? Help you sell hundreds of boats and make you thousands of dollars? C.J. My business is facing a lawsuit, I'm losing my house, my employees left me, and you stole an eighty thousand dollar boat from me.
101) 2) dialog: That's just mismanagement! That's your own fault. C.J. I could go to the cops and have you arrested.
101) 3) dialog: With what evidence? You're an idiot. Johnny stands up and starts to leave. C.J. hesitates, finally jumps off his stool -- C.J. I want to challenge you to a sell-off.
101) 6) dialog: Don't tempt me with a good time. C.J. This Saturday. One day only. Gross sales. Winner gets forty thousand dollars.
101) 7) dialog: I appreciate the offer, but I'm headed to Vegas on my new motorcycle that I paid cash for. C.J. What, are you scared?
101) 8) dialog: Of you? No. C.J. I think you are. You're nothing but a sleazy, used car salesman. I could out-sell you any day of the week and you know it. Johnny pauses, thinks about this.
101) 9) dialog: Your shop is nothing more than a goat rodeo. But if you really think you can beat me, I'll play. But it has to be worth my time. If you win, I'll give you the forty thousand. And if I win, I get all the money we bring in for the weekend. In cash. C.J. takes a deep breath. C.J. Fine. The contest ends when every boat is sold or when the lot closes. Johnny holds up his drink, shoots it.
102) 0) text: A large lot with tons of new boats. Johnny stands with AL PERRY, a salesman. He counts out a thousand dollars in hundreds and hands it to Alan.
102) 1) dialog: Thanks, Alan. I owe you one. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77.
103) 0) text: Madeline, Tommy, Tyler, Mr. and Mrs. Hofferman, and C.J. up balloons and tie them to the front gate. A huge sign hangs out front: "SUPER DUPER DUPER GINORMOUS BLOWOUT SAL C.J. looks at his watch. Johnny pulls up in his Corvette.
103) 1) dialog: Let the games begin.
103) 4) dialog: Mine! He quickly moves toward him. B.) C.J. sees a black guy, FRED, step onto the lot and -- C.J. Mine! He approaches Fred, hand outstretched. Cc.) Johnny stands with a customer, HARISH, an Indian man his late forties. They look at a Mako center console fish boat.
103) 5) dialog: Really, I sold rugs at the market right near Shivaji Park. D.) C.J. talks to a YOUNG COUPLE with two YOUNG CHILDREN. C.J. I'll give you free storage here at the lot for five years. E.) Johnny talks with a customer, DARIN.
103) 6) dialog: You live up in Big Bear? Was your house damaged in the wildfire?
103) 10) dialog: That's just terrible. The good news is that, this weekend, we're giving a hundred and ten percent of our profits to the Red Cross to help the wildfire victims.
104) 10) dialog: I'm sorry, we just sold that one, but let me show you another boat. It's actually a much better deal. B.) C.J. talks to a customer, DYLAN. C.J. I'll take you out on your new boat and teach you how to operate it. As many private lessons as you need, for free.
104) 27) dialog: So do you want the windshield with the boat, too?
104) 29) dialog: No, but if you buy this boat today with the windshield upgrade, I'll give you three thousand dollars cash back. You just can't tell my manager. Johnny pulls out a wad of hundered dollar bills from his pocket. C.) Frank, Steve, and Kyle walk onto the lot and approach Madeline.
105) 9) dialog: Mine!
105) 10) dialog: Back off, I said it first. That's my customer. C.J. You're crazy! That was all me. Harvey has slowed, watching C.J. and Johnny. Johnny turns and starts walking toward Harvey. C.J. quick follows, grabbing Johnny's arm. Harvey sees Johnny and C.J. coming toward him. He nonchalantly turns and starts walking back out of the lot
105) 11) dialog: (to Harvey) Hey, Harvey. How's it going? Johnny sprints after Harvey, followed by C.J. C.J. How did you hear about our sale? We only have one boat left!
105) 12) dialog: It was my grandfather's boat. He took really good care of it. C.J. Would you buy this boat for a dollar?
105) 19) dialog: Harvey, why don't you at least take a look at our last boat? We're parctically giving it away. I know you like bargains. C.J. What do you have to lose by looking?
105) 21) dialog: This is the perfect boat. 144 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 83%.
106) 0) text: C.Jd., Johnny and Harvey stand looking at the Larson. C.J. I can get you into this boat for $299 per month. Johnny steps between C.J. and Harvey.
106) 1) dialog: Buy it from me and I'll throw ina lap dance at the Horny Bunny. You know what I'm talking about.
106) 3) dialog: This is one of the lightest boats ever made. It'll be perfect. C.J. steps in front of Johnny. C.J. The dry weight of this boat is eighteen hundred pounds. You'll have no problem adding some solar panels to it.
106) 5) dialog: Harvey, Crazy Johnny is making deals today. I'll throw them all in for free. Johnny holds out his hand to Harvey. C.J. He's actually not athorized to give away free accessories. But I am. I'll throw them all in free of charge.
106) 10) dialog: I was just kidding around. Johnny drops the paddle. He looks at his watch.
106) 12) dialog: He doesn't even have any VHF radios. C.J. I've got a whole case of them inside.
106) 13) dialog: You better take a look at it. I think we sold the last one yesterday. And I don't think he has any GPS's either.
108) 2) dialog: Sorry Captian, I just sold this boat. The CAMERA PANS over to reveal Johnny standing with Alan. Johnny holds a handful of cash.
108) 3) dialog: He paid cash. (shaking Alan's hand) You're going to be very happy with this boat. 86%.
108) 7) dialog: Nice try.
108) 9) dialog: Yeah, but too bad there's no more boats to sell. I'll take the cash today and I'll be back on Monday for the credit card purchases. C.J. gets up and goes into the retail space.
110) 4) dialog: Yeah, right. Too bad your broke-ass doesn't have thirteen thousand dollars.
110) 8) dialog: No, no, no, that's bullshit. That's not even a real boat.
110) 12) dialog: Oh, man, that's a great sale. Too bad you only have one minute to come up with the money. Mr. Hofferman pulls out his gold card.
110) 14) dialog: You're going to give me my money or I'm going to kick your ass. Everyone on the deck stands up and Johnny stops in his tr
110) 16) dialog: This isn't the end of this. Johnny turns to leave.
110) 20) dialog: Fuck you. Johnny tries to walk past Policeman #1 and Policeman #2 s in front of him.
110) 24) dialog: I've never seen this bitch before in my life. Johnny keeps walking past the cops. Policeman #1 pulls ou a stun gun and tazers Johnny. Johnny shudders and falls t the ground. On the deck, everyone CLAPS and CHEERS. Especially Frank.