9) 0) text: C.J. and his family eat dinner. C.J. continues to talk on the phone. His family consists of his two sons, TOMMY (age 8), TYLER (age 6), and his wife, MADELINE (age 35), who's pregnant. The house is quite small, and the dining room area is mer an extension of the living room. C.J. (into phone) Sometimes me and my wife take the boat out for a romantic weekend without the kids.
15) 0) text: 20 21 A badminton net is set up in the middle of the huge backy C.J. and Tyler are on one side of the net and Tommy and K HOFFERMAN are on the other side. Kevin is Madeline's fath He's around sixty-five and in great shape, with a tattoo an eagle on his forearm. Tommy whacks the shuttlecock over to the other side of th net and it hits the ground.
15) 9) dialog: Hooah! Madeline and MRS. HOFFERMAN exit the house. Mrs. Hofferma carries a cocktail and hands it to Mr. Hofferman.
16) 0) text: C.J., Madeline, Tommy, Tyler, and Mr. and Mrs. Hofferman across the street. Mr. Hofferman carries ten pound dumbbells and does reps a chants:
16) 4) dialog: I don't know, but I've been told.
16) 6) dialog: Selling boats is for assholes.
18) 0) text: C.J., Madeline, Tommy, Tyler, and Mr. and Mrs. Hofferman enter. A huge chandelier hangs down from the second story. A lar staircase leads up. The house is elegant and enormous. JOHNNY CROSS (age 35), the realtor, tall and handsome, strides towards them oozing used car salesman charm.
19) 0) text: Johnny, C.J., Mr. and Mrs. Hofferman, Madeline, Tyler, an Tommy enter. The living room is every bit as elegant as t rest of the house, with a huge sprawling kitchen on one s and a great living area on the other. Two french doors le out to a huge backyard.
19) 4) dialog: Yeah! Johnny tosses the football to Tommy as they run outside.
29) 8) dialog: Can I get a dog?
97) 0) text: C.J., Madeline, Tommy, and Tyler sit at the table. C.J. I don't know how to say this. (and) But we're not moving into the new house. Madeline puts her hand on C.J.'s arm.
97) 4) dialog: Can I go outside and play with Tuggy? C.J. Sure. C.J. puts his head in his hands. Madeline rubs his back. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
103) 0) text: Madeline, Tommy, Tyler, Mr. and Mrs. Hofferman, and C.J. up balloons and tie them to the front gate. A huge sign hangs out front: "SUPER DUPER DUPER GINORMOUS BLOWOUT SAL C.J. looks at his watch. Johnny pulls up in his Corvette.
104) 20) dialog: Are you interested in a boat upgrading? (and) I'm six.
109) 0) text: Tommy and Tyler play with Tuggy the tug boat. C.J. Come on, we're getting ready to leave. C.J. grabs Tommy's hand Tommy hands Tuggy to C.J. A realization crosses C.J.'s face.
112) 0) text: A 23' Seaswirl motors along the ocean. C.J., Madeline, Mr Hofferman, and Mrs. Hofferman eat, drink, and LAUGH. PULL BACK TO REVEAL Tommy and Tyler being towed behind th boat on a yellow inflatable hotdog. FADE OUT.