3) 0) text: Charlie Prince follows as-- Ben Wade rides down past a CLUSTER OF BOULDERS where his outfit awaits him: JORGENSEN (45): Massive arms and legs. A bear of a man. CAMPOS (38): The marksman. Loads a cradled MONSTER RIFLE. KINTER (34): A soulless butcher with deadened eyes. SUTHERLAND (42): An explosives expert. He supervises as-- TIGHE (28): his protege, loading TNT in a saddle bag. JACKSON (35): Powerful and dangerous. A friend and former cellmate of -- TOMMY DARDEN (28): Battle-scarred handsome face. A BOWIE KNIFE in his hand. He is looking to replace Wade and lead gang someday, soon. But in the meantime, he amuses himsel making trouble with-- NEZ (32): An Apache renegade. He speaks little English an uses it rarely. But he is a great shot, a brilliant rider a merciless fighter. He’s been with Wade since the beginn Darden taunts Nez with his long knife, oblivious to Wade’ approach-- He and Jackson trade a chuckle. Nez looks at Wade. And Wade looks at Darden hard.
17) 0) text: ...we FOLLOW Wade, Prince and Campos as they ride away.
17) 1) dialog: (quietly, to Prince) What’s in Bisbee.
21) 0) text: Seeing the street is clear, Charlie Prince nods to Wade. Wade crosses, heading toward the saloon doors. Charlie follows, passing a look to Sutherland. And Sutherland nods to-- Campos, who’s in an alley with Jorgensen, helping the big man hold a bloody rag to his damaged ear. Sutherland also signals Kinter and Nez behind the saloon. One by one, the outlaws amble toward the saloon.
22) 0) text: Wade peers over the SALOON DOORS. The place is empty save old timer. A few tables and chairs, with a bar on one wal Emma turns to see Wade. She keeps her eyes on him as he s inside, his crew following. Most come in from the BACK DO Campos and Jackson escort the old timer out. Wade takes a place at the head of the bar...
107) 0) text: Campos keeps his rifle trained on the STACK OF CRATES as swiftly cocks the LEVER ACTION, chambering a new round as DOWN BELOW-- Dan and Wade scurry toward the end of the al heading for cover under an overhang.
108) 0) text: --BANG-- Campos fires again. Dirt sprays up at Dan as he shoves Wade below the overhang. ...under the deck, Dan tries to get a look at Campos. He scans the roofline, considering his options. Dan turns and follows Wade’s glance to a large bullet hol the top of his boot. If Dan had a foot, his toes would ha been blown off. He looks up at Wade. Almost laughs. Wade nods as a LOCAL GUNMAN lunges from a corner...
144) 0) text: Wade’s gang is shocked... ...and livid. Staring at Charli Prince lying on the ground. What happens next takes no mo than twenty seconds. Jackson draws his rifle on Wade... ...BANG! The shot scrapes Wade’s shoulder. And Wade lifts the HAMMER SHOTGUN and fires. Jackson vani in a CLOUD OF SMOKE. And Wade tosses the empty shotgun as Sutherland and Jorgensen draw their guns now... ...as Wade dives and rolls towards Charlie Prince. Snatching the two SCHOFIELD PISTOLS from his hands. The p of outlaws shoot at Wade as he comes up out of his roll a blasts them both away. Now Campos draws. And BANG-- Wade takes him out with ruth precision. Campos unloads his weapon as he falls backward One shot clips Wade in the arm. 207 208 209 3:10 TO YUMA - TAN - 1.23.07 113.