2) 22) dialog: Coach is headed for Bisbee, Boss. Girded with iron. Pinks on top. Double shotguns and a Gatlin-- (CONTINUED)
3) 0) text: Charlie Prince follows as-- Ben Wade rides down past a CLUSTER OF BOULDERS where his outfit awaits him: JORGENSEN (45): Massive arms and legs. A bear of a man. CAMPOS (38): The marksman. Loads a cradled MONSTER RIFLE. KINTER (34): A soulless butcher with deadened eyes. SUTHERLAND (42): An explosives expert. He supervises as-- TIGHE (28): his protege, loading TNT in a saddle bag. JACKSON (35): Powerful and dangerous. A friend and former cellmate of -- TOMMY DARDEN (28): Battle-scarred handsome face. A BOWIE KNIFE in his hand. He is looking to replace Wade and lead gang someday, soon. But in the meantime, he amuses himsel making trouble with-- NEZ (32): An Apache renegade. He speaks little English an uses it rarely. But he is a great shot, a brilliant rider a merciless fighter. He’s been with Wade since the beginn Darden taunts Nez with his long knife, oblivious to Wade’ approach-- He and Jackson trade a chuckle. Nez looks at Wade. And Wade looks at Darden hard.
11) 1) dialog: Morning, Pinkerton. Name’s Charlie Prince. I expect you heard of me.
11) 3) dialog: I hate Pinkertons. ANGLE ON: BEN WADE riding up now, the gang clearing a pat He stops before McElroy and they share a look...
16) 3) dialog: Careful, rancher. That’s Ben Wade you’re talking to. (CONTINUED)
16) 10) dialog: (moves forward) So you don’t do anything foolish. Dan sheaths his rifle and gives his boys a look. They dismount and Charlie Prince takes their horses.
17) 2) dialog: ‘Aint you thirsty. Charlie rides past the WRECKAGE and the gang falls in beh Charging down the road. Jackson lags, circling Darden’s b
19) 0) text: Ben Wade rides, shadowed by Charlie Prince on his horse. The rest of the gang is nowhere in sight... ...the two men are approaching a remote town -- A dozen WOODEN STRUCTURES strewn upon a crossroad. Small flags stuck in the dirt, trace the intended path of train line from the mountains. A sign says: ANNOUNCING THE BISBEE-CONTENTION LINE. A small surveying crew works, laying out the flags.
20) 6) dialog: ...Well ...I think maybe a coach headed for here got itself held up in a canyon ten miles back. By Ben Wade himself, I think.
20) 13) dialog: ‘Can’t say I know it was him. But I saw a Mexican sharpshooter, and an Apache.
20) 15) dialog: ...What’s that?
20) 18) dialog: There was a lot of weapons, Mister. And they was shooting bullets. The Marshal and Kane grab their rifles and move to the do Butterfield follows. EXT. MARSHAL’S OFFICE-- CONTINUOUS The Marshal and others blow right by Prince as they mount their horses. Wade watches from up the street.
20) 20) dialog: Prairie Cattle Company. Boss purchased ten thousand head in Mexico, hired us to drive them in. The Marshal nods, satisfied and spurs his horse, gallopin off, down the street. INT. HOLLANDER’S MERCANTILE -- CONTINUOUS Watching out a window, TUCKER (last seen burning Dan’s ba watches the Marshal and Butterfield ride off.
21) 0) text: Seeing the street is clear, Charlie Prince nods to Wade. Wade crosses, heading toward the saloon doors. Charlie follows, passing a look to Sutherland. And Sutherland nods to-- Campos, who’s in an alley with Jorgensen, helping the big man hold a bloody rag to his damaged ear. Sutherland also signals Kinter and Nez behind the saloon. One by one, the outlaws amble toward the saloon.
22) 2) dialog: Here’s to the boss. He leads us to the loot and to success. We lost three men today and that’s too bad.
28) 2) dialog: This town’s gonna burn! THE OUTLAW GALLOPS PAST. Never slowing. He fires twice-- BANG, BANG! The first shot drops DEPUTY KANE right in front of the co The second shot takes down A RANDOM BISBEE MAN. Eeryone uinloads their weapons-- BANG BANG BANGG-- as Cha scoots away on his horse, into the hills.
29) 0) text: DAN’S CATTLE are back in the holding yard. Dan stands on porch with Alice. His two boys inside, pressed against th windows. WHAT THEY SEE: THE PRISON WAGON is passing their ranch, crossing a CRUDE BRIDGE over a dry creek bed. They also s Charlie Prince crest a nearby bluff, watching the wagon.
42) 3) dialog: Get you outta there in a second, boss. Don’t you worry. Jackson grabs the PADLOCK KEY off the MARSHAL’S BELT, giv it to Charlie Prince who then goes to open the PADLOCK... ...BANG! Crawley catches Charlie Prince with a taut shot. outlaw stumbles backwards. Bleeding from his neck. The bu just scraping him. The other outlaws spot Crawley inside... ...they draw their guns, ready to finish him.
42) 4) dialog: Wait. He gives a nod to Sutherland who quickly frees the horses from the wagon. Now Sutherland sets the PRISON WAGON on fire... ...the smoke and flames swiftly engulf the old wooden WAG Charlie Prince stays close. Eyes on Crawley who starts to panic inside.
42) 8) dialog: Where is he.
42) 10) dialog: Where’d they take him.
42) 12) dialog: Mister, you better tell me where they took him or you will burn. The smoke is choking Crawley now... ...the flames rising higher every second.
42) 14) dialog: You ain’t lying now.
42) 18) dialog: So we’1ll buy new ones. (CONTINUED)
42) 22) dialog: ...You think you could do a better job leading this crew? Do you?
42) 24) dialog: You forgotten what you were before Ben Wade come along. You forgotten what he did for us. (pause) We’re going to Contention. And with that, Charlie Prince remounts his horse... ...and GALLOPS back the other way. The others follow in o and twos. Jackson goes last, not liking this.
64) 0) text: Meanwhile, Boles and the others exit their end of the tun Limping back into the camp. Boles barks orders about gett their horse to the other side. As they emerge from the tunnel, Boles suddenly stops talking. WHAT THEY SEE: Charlie Prince and the other outlaws. Perc upon their exhausted, sweat-stained horses, they circle through the camp and come to a stop at the entrance to th tunnel... ...they look exhausted, been riding all night.
64) 2) dialog: We’re looking for a group escorting an outlaw by the name of Ben Wade.
64) 4) dialog: That so.
64) 10) dialog: You boys some kind of posse, huh. (CONTINUED)
64) 14) dialog: I hate posses. He glances at Jackson and Jackson nods... ...and the gang rides up towards the mountain.
78) 0) text: ...it’s Charlie Prince and the rest of Wade’s gang. They’ riding fast and hard. Down from the mountain. Following t half complete tracks from the tunnels into Contention. Their horses are exhausted. Bloody and sweaty. The outlaw are on the shoot. Their dark, flinty eyes set on Contenti
83) 0) text: ...there’s a curious crowd outside the hotel now. And not decent soul among them. They’re the sort of filth and ver that often collects in these new railroad towns. Charlie Prince notices them and stops the rest of the out outside. The BARTENDER sees Charlie Prince through a wind
86) 0) text: Charlie Prince notices the BARTENDER who gives him a look directing his eyes up to the second floor BRIDAL SUITE...
87) 1) dialog: Hey, boss. You in there. Boss!
87) 5) dialog: You okay.
88) 0) text: Below, Charlie Prince turns to the growing CROWD.
88) 1) dialog: Listen up. Listen. That’s Ben Wade they got up in there. The railroad means to put him on the 3:10 to Yuma and hang him.
90) 0) text: Charlie Prince rides over to Nez’s SADDLE BAGS and shows crowd a HANDFUL OF DOLLARS taken from Butterfield’s coach
90) 1) dialog: We’ll give two hundred cash dollars to any man what shoots any one of them.
91) 1) dialog: Two hundred dollars guaranteed.
96) 1) dialog: (calling) That all of them? ...after a moment, Wade appears in the window.
98) 0) text: Outside, Charlie Prince gives a nod to the gang and they split up. Disappearing into the streets and back alleys w the dozens of CONTENTION GUNMEN. Butterfield peeks nervously out the front of the hotel. H sees all the gunmen waiting outside. And makes a decision Charlie setlles into a chair across the street, watching. He checks the watch he stole from the dead Pinkerton.
108) 18) dialog: --watches the gunfire with satisfaction. He glances to Jackson. Sutherland watches from behind.
108) 20) dialog: That’d be disappointing. Charlie’s grin fade as--
108) 33) dialog: Hey! ...Hey! Not the black hat! Red faced, CHARLIE CHARGES AT THE GUNMEN, firing. CHARLIE PRINCE (CONT’D) I said the rancher, you dumb-shits! CAMPOS HAS FOUND A NEW VANTAGE POINT ON THE ROOFTOP. He starts picking off the locals. As does Sutherland from another vantage point.
111) 0) text: ...as Charlie Prince and the others chase them on the gro shooting at silhouettes. Attempting to outrun them to the of the chain of buildings.
115) 0) text: Outside, Charlie Prince and the others gather quietly aro the booth. Twenty feet away. No chance of escaping this o
127) 0) text: Charlie Prince keeps his SCHOFIELDS on the ticket booth a the train nears the station.
127) 1) dialog: (to the gang) They’1l be coming. ...the other outlaws now prepare for the final shoot-out. crowd, including Butterfield, watching anxiously behind t
131) 0) text: Dan sees his son deftly whipping up the cattle... ...and for a moment, Dan’s furious. But then he realizes William’s driving the CATTLE between them and the outlaws The animals steam past the outlaws, blocking their line o fire. Charlie Prince falls beneath them, engulfed in PLUM OF STEAM from the LOCOMOTIVE... ...we hear him SCREAM as the cattle trample him. Dan and Wade break for the JAILHOUSE CABOOSE at the back the train. Keeping their heads low just beyond the CATTLE
136) 0) text: BANG! BANG! BANG! Charlie Prince cuts Dan down... ...ripping into his legs, his arms, his chest. The HAMMER SHOTGUN falls to the soggy ground. His body spun around. Wade leaps off the JAILHOUSE CABOOSE, flinging himself in the line of fire. Charlie Prince stops firing just in tim
138) 0) text: ANGLE ON: WADE helpless to save Dan who collapses into th mud, a look of shock on his face. Wade grinds to a halt n to him... ...kneeling beside him, cradling the dying rancher’s head his lap. Charlie Prince triumphantly reloads his SCHOFIEL
140) 0) text: The other outlaws walk up now, holstering their weapons a fetching horses. Gathering around Wade in a loose circle. ...as Charlie Prince struts over and grabs a CUFFS KEY fr the PRISON GUARD. He UNLOCKS Wade now, dropping the key a the cuffs as he walks off. Charlie Prince spits at Dan’s feet.
140) 1) dialog: (laughing) For a one leg rancher, you was one tough sonovabitch. Wade gently sets Dan down. His gaze falls on the HAMMER SHOTGUN lying nearby... his eyes go stone fucking cold. CLOSE ON: CHARLIE PRINCE who has taken only a few steps, he stops. An alarming sixth sense telling him to turn aro
142) 0) text: ...the outlaws have gone rock still in the rain. All eyes Wade and the SHOTGUN. Wade is just as still and silent. Suddenly, Charlie Prince draws... ...BOOM! The HAMMER SHOTGUN bellows. Catapulting Charlie back three feet.
144) 0) text: Wade’s gang is shocked... ...and livid. Staring at Charli Prince lying on the ground. What happens next takes no mo than twenty seconds. Jackson draws his rifle on Wade... ...BANG! The shot scrapes Wade’s shoulder. And Wade lifts the HAMMER SHOTGUN and fires. Jackson vani in a CLOUD OF SMOKE. And Wade tosses the empty shotgun as Sutherland and Jorgensen draw their guns now... ...as Wade dives and rolls towards Charlie Prince. Snatching the two SCHOFIELD PISTOLS from his hands. The p of outlaws shoot at Wade as he comes up out of his roll a blasts them both away. Now Campos draws. And BANG-- Wade takes him out with ruth precision. Campos unloads his weapon as he falls backward One shot clips Wade in the arm. 207 208 209 3:10 TO YUMA - TAN - 1.23.07 113.
146) 0) text: Wade spins around on the last outlaw now... It’s Nez. Lin up on his boss. He hesitates when their eyes meet. And in that moment, Wade fires. Nez takes a blast to the chest but stays upright. He look Wade, sad. Wade shoots him again. And again. This is not for Wade. Finally, Nez topples. Wade turns, eyes filled with emotion, noticing-- A mortally wounded Charlie Prince, pulling a pistol from Jorgensen’s holster. BAM, BAM, BAM-- Wade unloads his gun, putting an end to i