23) 28) dialog: What’s his name.
23) 34) dialog: You've lost a lot of blood, Mister McElroy. I’m gonna need to do a little stitching on your--
23) 44) dialog: Nice to have a conversation with a patient once in a while.
30) 0) text: Doc Potter keeps watch on Dan’s porch with Tucker. Both m cradling RIFLES in their laps. Doc Potter stares at the smouldering wreck of the old bar
30) 1) dialog: You have something to do with that? (off Tucker’s smirk) Hope you’re proud of yourself.
32) 0) text: Dan busts out the door to find-- Doc Potter, firing his R into the darkness as Tucker moves to stop him.
32) 2) dialog: ....There’s something moving out there behind the rocks. ...McElroy and Butterfield arrive in the door-- as they a look out, a wind blows a dead tree on a nearby hill. Tuck snatches Doc Potter’s rifle.
34) 9) dialog: Sorry, Dan,.. Mister McElroy says five minutes. And closes it. Alice looks to Dan.
36) 9) dialog: I gave that up six years ago. I’ma changed man now. A righteous man.
38) 19) dialog: Mister Evans. Dan glances aside at Doc Potter... ...he’s staring at Dan from under his BLANKET. After a moment, Dan lowers his rifle. His hands are shaki His breath calming. Wade watches him cautiously. Tucker has also woken up, picking up his own rifle.
40) 5) dialog: (re: Tucker) We have to bury him.
44) 6) dialog: It’s Apache country.
47) 0) text: WADE, WILLIAM, BUTTERFIELD, DAN and DOC POTTER have campe the middle of a massive field of TALL BROWN GRASS which s softly in the night breeze... ...everybody’s hunkered down in a tight circle. Sharing s PIECES OF BREAD and a WATER CANTEEN as they keep a vigila watch through the grass. (CONTINUED)
47) 16) dialog: I heard you dynamited a wagon full of prospectors last Spring.
51) 0) text: The horses are freaking out. BULLETS whizzing past their as Butterfield and Doc Potter help pull Dan into their ca Dan’s starting to regain his bearings, looking about... ...the GUNFIRE is coming from three sides. They can’t see shooters through the grass. But the GUNFIRE is volcanic. keeps his head low, calculating.
51) 12) dialog: It was Mister McElroy’s decision. Wade glances aside at Doc Potter... ...then returns his bitter gaze on Dan.
52) 0) text: DAN COMES TO SEVERAL MINUTES LATER. Doc Potter sits him u with William’s help. Butterfield hovers anxiously behind.
52) 1) dialog: Easy does it. Easy.
52) 8) dialog: We’re going after him.
62) 0) text: CHINESE WORKERS jump to the sides of the tunnel for safet ...the GUNSHOTS echoing like cannon blasts within the nar walls. Oddly, Doc Potter’s got a Cheshire grin on his fac
62) 1) dialog: You see me get that one with the shovel. But before Dan can reply, Doc Potter gasps with pain... ...a BULLET striking him between the shoulders.
63) 0) text: Dan and his group ride out the other end of the tunnel. W collapses on his horse, the effects of his torture catchi up with him now... ...before he knows it, Dan snatches the HAMMER SHOTGUN ba and loads a pair of shells. He gives it to Butterfield. A helps William ease Doc Potter out of his saddle. They lay under the shade of a nearby tree.
63) 1) dialog: (fading) Did we do it. Did we get away.