0) 0) text: Dan turns on the Camera and the screen begins to pull int focus. It is pointed directly at ALEX, a young boy no mor then 15 years old. Next to ALEX is his slightly older bro TYLER, a young boy around the same age.
0) 1) dialog: Today is a special day isn’t it?
0) 3) dialog: Is it Chanukah?
0) 5) dialog: Is it Passover?
0) 7) dialog: Aren’t you excited at all?
0) 12) dialog: Well! Look who decided to be a part of the video, say hi Lindsey! He waits for a moment and she makes a face of irritation the camera.
0) 13) dialog: Do you have anything to say to your brother on his birthday? Something shatters off screen.
0) 15) dialog: Coming dear. Dan begins walking with the camera through the house to t kitchen. When we arrive in the kitchen Melissa is on her hands and knees scrubbing the floor.
0) 16) dialog: As you all see my wife has everything under control here!
0) 17) text: Dan can you put that camera down for a second and help me clean this up?
0) 18) dialog: Yes Honey. Dan places the camera down on the counter as it points towards them cleaning the floor.
0) 21) dialog: Of course. I am good for something you know?
0) 23) dialog: I would never forget my son’s birthday.
0) 27) dialog: What was that? The power is suddenly cut to the house. Dan turns with th camera and points it back towards the kitchen. He starts walking over there to see what it was. As the camera arri in the kitchen we reveal a larger man standing in the mid of the kitchen dressed in all black wearing a ski-mask.
0) 28) dialog: Everyone Run! The man raises his hand to his mouth in an attempt to sil Dan. Dan spins around and heads back to the front door wh another man is standing there holding a gun to dan’s wife
1) 3) dialog: Shh. They'll hear you. Footsteps start moving towards them. Struggling and screa is heard. Dan, Alex, and Tyler begin Breathing very heavi Two pairs of legs enter the room. One which belongs to a masked man, the other which belongs to Lindsay. Lindsay i still screaming and struggling. She suddenly stops. She i thrown onto the ground quickly with the profile of her fa with makeup running, directly in view of the camera. A handgun Is being pressed against her head.
1) 5) dialog: Wait! We’re coming out.
1) 6) text: They’re under the bed! The second masked man walks into the room and reaches und the bed and pulls Alex and Tyler out. They are struggling By this time Dan is almost all the way out.
1) 7) dialog: Get your hands off of them! One of the masked men strikes Dan on the top of the head. then squats down really low and looks at the camera. He c his head and reaches for it.
1) 12) dialog: It’s my son’s Birthday.
1) 14) text: Yo, toss me that pillow over there! ONE tosses TWO the pillow. He catches it puts it in front his gun and points it at Alex. He fires and shoots him in face. Dan starts screaming.
2) 6) dialog: They shot Alex! They fuckin’ killed him! Melissa screams in agony. THREE punches her in the face a few times and shuts her u TWO stuffs a sock into Dan’s mouth.
2) 53) dialog: Lindsey! 15.
2) 55) dialog: You stay the fuck away from her! 3 points his gun at LINDSAY’s head, eager for the opportu to shoot.
2) 91) dialog: Leave him alone!
2) 112) dialog: NOOOO! He’s just a fucking boy! Leave him the fuck alone! Tyler Stop it! STOP!
2) 385) dialog: Just give her to me. Give her back to me!
2) 387) dialog: The police are on their way!
2) 391) dialog: You put down the gun! THREE kneels down and drops Lindsay on the ground. Instea of putting down his gun, he picks up the camera and point at DAN’s face.
2) 392) dialog: What did you do to her?!
2) 394) dialog: If you hurt her I’11 kill you both! I’m serious! 61. THREE begins to zoom in on DAN’s face.
2) 397) dialog: Put the gun down! Three puts the Camera down on the table and it captures t whole scene from a wideshot side angle.
2) 399) dialog: Put down the fucking gun!
2) 402) dialog: Why would that matter? Do you think I'm joking?
2) 406) dialog: If you do anything to her I will kill him!
2) 408) dialog: Give her to me. Three props up Lindsay and holds her up.
2) 409) dialog: Wake her up! Show me my baby is alive. Three slaps her in the face. She begins to struggle and scream.
2) 410) dialog: Lindsay! Three hits her on the back of the head with the gun and s goes out cold again. He holds her lifeless body close to with a gun to her head.
2) 412) dialog: Put down the gun! 63.
2) 414) dialog: I swear I’ll slit his throat!