1) 4) dialog: I'll give you three seconds to come out or I will blow her brains out. I SWEAR IT! I’m not kidding with you. One. Two.
1) 8) dialog: Look what we have here. The two masked men pass the camera between one another, investigating it like curious children with a new toy.
1) 9) dialog: What the fuck were you filming (sadistic laugh)?
1) 11) dialog: Shut up. What the fuck were you filming?
1) 14) text: Yo, toss me that pillow over there! ONE tosses TWO the pillow. He catches it puts it in front his gun and points it at Alex. He fires and shoots him in face. Dan starts screaming.
1) 16) dialog: Get them the fuck down stairs! Dan starts crawling towards his son, screaming. TWO kicks in the face and knocks him out. TWO then picks up Dan and begins to usher everybody down stairs. ONE heads up the end of the pack with the camera, forcing the kids to walk forward with a gun.
1) 18) dialog: What do we want from you? He wants to know what we want. (Laughs). I want you to fucking suffer before you die. (Pause) You got the mom?
1) 20) dialog: Good.
2) 0) text: Camera tracks action. ONE sees Melissa, bound in a face down position on the d room table. THREE fawns over her body, while she cries.
2) 1) dialog: Tie these bitches up. TWO begins tying up Dan, Tyler and Lindsay.
2) 3) dialog: (Conflicted) We’re not here for that shit.
2) 5) dialog: Shut up for a second ya fuckin tweeker.
2) 10) dialog: Gonna be okay? You people are fuckin’ pathetic! Claiming that everything's gonna be okay. You are the fuckin’ scum of the earth.
2) 12) dialog: Who am I? TWO, take the camera from me. TWO doesn’t respond.
2) 13) dialog: 
2) 15) dialog: I got this tattoo on my finger check it out. ONE raises his pointer finger out and points to the tatto
2) 16) dialog: Look! Wait... you don’t know what it is? It’s my Hitler mustache! One raises his pointer finger perpendicular to the bottom his nose, revealing a crude Hitler mustache tattoo. 10.
2) 17) dialog: You see? Two moves in for a close up of One’s face with the finger over it. They all laugh.
2) 18) dialog: Well let me introduce ourselves. I’m ONE, that’s TWO, and that’s THREE. THREE walks over to them and raises his sleeve. There is swastika on his arm.
2) 39) dialog: (To 3) Zip up your pants, you fucking monkey. We got more work to do.
2) 42) dialog: Stop. Don’t kill him yet. We have the whole night. (Into the camera, psychotically) We're a happy little family and we're having a sleepover! He picks up the camera and He pans around from one person face to another, then to TWO, who is holding his gun firm
2) 43) dialog: Let’s take take off the gag. It’ll be more fun. What do you think?
2) 46) dialog: I think we should get to know each other better. (Pointing the camera at Tyler) You, what’s your name?
2) 48) dialog: And are you a fucking kike, Tyler?
2) 50) dialog: A dirty fucking Jew!
2) 57) dialog: Do you like girls, tyler?
2) 59) dialog: You guess? What are you, a faggot or something?
2) 63) dialog: How you fine folks doing? (PAUSE) (MORE )
2) 65) dialog: Sorry to be rude, Tyler. So anyway, you say you like girls. What kind of girls?
2) 67) dialog: Quit being politically correct. Everyone knows white bitches are the best. Any specific color hair you like? Eyes?
2) 69) dialog: Do you like girls with blonde hair and blue eyes?
2) 71) dialog: (Stirred) See! Another kike who wants to dilute the Aryan gene pool. All these queers want to do is steal our women. (Breathes) A very brilliant man once wrote, and I want you to listen to this, Alex, and tell me if it makes any sense to you. ” (MORE )
2) 73) dialog: The lost purity of the blood alone destroys inner happiness forever, plunges man into the abyss for all time, and the consequences can never more be eliminated from body and spirit.”
2) 75) dialog: I’m going to let you be a part of our clan. I like you, Tyler. Really I do! That’s why I’m gonna give you something extra special. Take out the pendant, Two. TWO takes out a swastika pendant and holds it with tongs. then starts to heat it up with a torch lighter.
2) 76) dialog: Have you ever heard of the Hitler Youth?
2) 78) dialog: (Chuckling) You don’t have to come up with an excuse for them, Tyler. I’m going to make you one of them.
2) 80) dialog: We're going to make you an honorary member of the Hitler Youth. You’re going to be one of us.
2) 86) dialog: Theres no fuckin fight in you. I wanna bring the fight outa you fucks! I wanna have a mother fuckin party! You needa make this shit fun for us. You see we can just kill all of you right now, but where is the fun in that? Two, cut the little fucker loose.
2) 88) dialog: I said cut the fucker loose! We are gonna play a little game here.
2) 90) dialog: Lets play the “let’s see how long you can hold your breath when you are stuffed in the oven” game.
2) 99) dialog: What the fuck did you just do Three! you've been snortin to much of that fuckin shit and now your just thinking with your fuckin dick.
2) 102) dialog: (Begrudgingly) Fine! But after this you are going to fuckin let me run things my way.
2) 113) dialog: Look. I’m sorry about this. I really am. (MORE )
2) 115) dialog: We were just going to scare you jew fucks out of town. But now there’s no goin back.
2) 118) dialog: That's because he isn’t fucked up on shit like you are! Two, tie the mother fucker up!
2) 124) dialog: Untie the mom and put her with the others!
2) 133) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
2) 137) dialog: This is what happens when you act like fucking retards.
2) 139) dialog: Not yet. You’re always looking for instant fucking gratification.
2) 140) dialog: We need to separate Dad off. Two, can you fucking handle him? Two?
2) 142) dialog: Keep a better eye on this fuck and get him out of here. TWO grabs DAN and drags him out of the room.
2) 143) dialog: (Yelling) Don’t kill him yet, this fuck’s gotta pay for what he did!
2) 146) dialog: I simply can’t do that darling. When you play with fire you get fucking burned. 27. There is a commotion in the other room. Two comes stagger back in clutching his hand, there is blood on it.
2) 149) dialog: Is he tied up?
2) 151) dialog: Alright, good! Now it’s time for our game!
2) 153) dialog: Set the two kids up across from Mom. TWO and THREE comply with his instructions, seating MELIS LINDSEY and TYLER in chairs. Dead ALEX is positioned betw the two kids, who are facing MELISSA.
2) 155) dialog: 
2) 157) dialog: Look, Missy I need you to do something for me okay?
2) 159) dialog: If you don’t do something for me, you are doing something for Three! Lindsay looks at THREE and he waves at her.
2) 162) dialog: Shut the fuck up. I’m going to need you to...
2) 164) dialog: Hey, whoa, take it easy man. You’re my brother.
2) 166) dialog: You better think before you act, or your broke ass is gonna be sorry when you run out of tweak.
2) 167) dialog: (Back at Lindsey) Which one of your parents loves you more?
2) 169) dialog: It’s not a stupid question if I asked it and I have a gun. Answer the question, or you’re gonna have to deal with this guy (pointing at Three) and he’s not gonna be interested in anything you have to say.
2) 171) dialog: Make a fucking educated guess.
2) 173) dialog: Okay. That wasn’t so hard, was it? Two is too much of a pussy to handle Dad, so can you take care of him for his little girl?
2) 175) dialog: So you think your dad loves you more. Does Mommy agree?
2) 177) dialog: The same way she did. Or do you want me to bring Three back?
2) 179) dialog: I know it’s a tough question, but I don't think you're being honest with me. ONE instructs TWO to begin suffocating MELISSA. MELISSA struggles and gasps for air when TWO lets up.
2) 181) dialog: Just answer the goddamn question and you'll get to live longer. TWO resumes suffocating MELISSA. She begins to lose consciousness, until ONE stops him because this was not h intention.
2) 183) dialog: You know what, maybe this was a shitty question. Fuck that question.
2) 185) dialog: You'll be fucking your sister next if you open up your mouth again, dumb little bitch.
2) 187) dialog: What I really want to know is, if you had to choose between one of these little sons of bitches, which one would you choose?
2) 189) dialog: Because I’m going to kill one of them right now, and whichever one is up to you. That’s why I’m interviewing you, because I want to make the right choice! Hahaha! 32.
2) 191) dialog: I care about your family enough to ask you these things. Ungrateful cunt.
2) 193) dialog: Well that means neither one wins the game. So, I’m afraid I’m going to have to kill them both.
2) 196) dialog: Haha. Does everyone in this family think they can just fuck their way out of all their problems? This ho is already used up.
2) 197) dialog: So answer the question. I’m going to give you ten seconds. (MORE )
2) 199) dialog: In ten seconds somebody’s going to die, but if you don’t come clean I'll just slit both their throats in front of you with this knife.
2) 201) dialog: You don’t get to make the rules anymore!
2) 202) dialog: Ten. Nine. Eight. MELISSA begins to scream.
2) 203) dialog: Seven. Six. Five.
2) 205) dialog: It’s just like slaughtering an animal. ONE brandishes his knife and presses it against Tyler’s n Tyler is paralyzed with fear.
2) 206) dialog: Four. Three. Two. One.
2) 207) dialog: Time’s up, you both lose. 34.
2) 209) dialog: Did you say you want me to kill him?
2) 211) dialog: Okay. Looks like it’s going to be the girl then.
2) 214) dialog: (Pausing, glancing at LINDSEY and back at MELISSA) You’re right. I don’t want to waste this fine piece of ass. ONE walks over to MELISSA and bashes her head open with a object, killing her. The children scream. TWO laughs with delight.
2) 215) dialog: (To LINDSEY) Calm down. I want to talk to you in private. Where’s the bathroom? Silence pervades the room as neither of the children dare speak. 35.
2) 216) dialog: Where’s the fucking bathroom?
2) 218) dialog: We need some one-on-one time. Babysit this little faggot. ONE grabs the camera along with LINDSEY and carries her t the bathroom, kicking and screaming. Once they are in the bathroom and the door has been shut, ONE sets her down.
2) 219) dialog: I’m going to take off your clothes. Just relax.
2) 221) dialog: We'll leave on your underwear. I’m not some kind of pervert, I just want to see your body.
2) 223) dialog: How old are you? 36. LINDSEY remains silent.
2) 224) dialog: What’s your name? LINDSEY remains silent.
2) 225) dialog: Just tell me how old you are. LINDSEY remains silent.
2) 226) dialog: Do you have a boyfriend?
2) 228) dialog: Why the fuck did you move here if you're gonna be a JAP bitch thinking you’re better than everyone else? So did you at least have one back in New Jersey?
2) 230) dialog: Haha. You’re quite the romantic. Look, I’m not going to hurt you. I just have a thing for high school girls and you are really sexy. Especially cheerleaders. (MORE )
2) 232) dialog: You probably won't believe this, but I’ve got butterflies in my stomach right now. I’m actually a gentleman. You’re in high school, right? LINDSEY looks at him with a combination of puzzlement and disgust. She is trying to cover herself up. ONE begins touching various parts of her time.
2) 234) dialog: You've got a perfect ass. Finally, he has a thought.
2) 235) dialog: Do you like to drink? Your parents have a lot of good shit here. I'ma go get something. It’1l loosen you up. ONE leaves the room to return been browsing earlier. On his in the other room, so he runs is going on. TYLER’s eyes have been gouged the background. TWO and THREE to the liquor cabinet he had way, he hears TYLER screaming in that direction to see what out. He continues to scream in are both laughing at him hysterically. The remains of his eyes are on the floor.
2) 237) dialog: Why the fuck did you do that?
2) 239) dialog: You don’t do that shit without me in the room to see.
2) 242) dialog: Wait, who the fuck is watching the dad? TWO and THREE give a blank stare.
2) 243) dialog: Where did you put him?
2) 245) dialog: Fuck!
2) 246) dialog: (Yelling) The dad is gone!
2) 247) dialog: Mother fucking idiots! ONE knocks over some furniture and equipment out of frustration.
2) 248) dialog: (Yelling) I’m going to find you, you kike piece of shit! ONE sets off searching the house frantically for DAN. He upstairs, thinking he might be hiding upstairs. Some time elapses as he searches unsuccessfully. He looks into the where he left LINDSEY and shuts the door when he sees tha she is still there.
2) 249) dialog: (Yelling) I’m going to make you watch me tear up your daughter’s sweet little pussy before I smash your fucking face in! ONE enters the master bedroom and, after scrutinizing the room for DAN, decides to rifle through a jewelry box. He takes a few souvenirs. Then he exits the room and returns downstairs. ONE suddenly spots blinded TYLER running around aimlessly another room, stumbling over furniture. 40.
2) 250) dialog: (Yelling) Why the fuck is this kid loose? Which one of you mongoloids let him go? TYLER hears and ducks down. ONE ignores him. He is still pursuit of DAN. There is no response from TWO or THREE. O peers into another room, but there is no sign of DAN. ONE decides to return to where he last saw TWO and THREE. THREE is moving around frenetically as if he’s doing some kind of irregular dance. He appears more wired than ever.
2) 251) dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you morons?
2) 255) dialog: Shit is getting out of control! The dad's fucking missing and the kid is running around like a wild animal!
2) 257) dialog: Split up and find the dad! 41.
2) 259) dialog: Take it! I don’t want it anymore. This isn’t a fucking joke! ONE passes THREE the camera.