6) 34) text: He runs his hand along the entire fuselage of the almost complete plane. Glenn and his team of engineers and mecha wait nervously, watching Howard's hand. Howard continues to move along the fuselage, his fingerti feeling the plane. Sensual. Then his fingertips undulate line of rivets on the fuselage. He doesn't like that. JACK FRYE follows Howard as he inspects the plane. Jack, 30's, is a landmark figure in commercial aviation. former WWI ace and barnstormer. His sweet, round face dis his passionate commitment to his cause. For he is also... Title: Jack Frye. President of TWA Airlines.
8) 1) text: Howard sees the strip ahead of him. Plenty long enouyh. H glances to the red flags. Hanging listlessly. No wind. Fi will do it without any help from the wind. Stasis. He waits. The engine prepares. He prepares. And then the most gentle pressure on the foot pedals and stick... «.- And the H-1 begins to move. Gaining speed. Howard put pressure on the stick and throttle. The foreplay is over. to let the cat out of the bag. More pressure on the stick feet dance over the floor pedals. It happens so quickly we are unprepared. The H-1 accelerates in a blinding silver flash -- engines singing -- and is suddenly airborne. The three timers from the National Aeronautic Association absolutely stunned as the H-1 zooms past them, knocking t hats off. Glenn smiles. Howard's engineers and mechanics cheer. Howard has never known acceleration like this! The cockpi vibrating like mad. The needle falls off his compass. The is shooting past him. His puts his left hand on his right wrist, steadying his the stick. He banks the plane around, back toward the field, the ear rotating dramatically below him. And he flies. Pure speed. He forces the stick. The engine to the challenge. His eyes dart over all the dials. He se red flags below. First run. Zip -- and he is past them. Below, the three timers click stopwatches. Howard banks the plane again. Too sharply. The plane veer controls his energy. Levels out. Takes a breath. Zooms to the red flags. The air field nears. Howard plays the stick and throttle. engine embraces his challenge. Second run. Zip -- and he is past them.
9) 7) dialog: Well, there goes our meal ticket.
16) 56) text: There has never been a death watch like this one. The corridor outside Howard's room is filled. Jack Frye s with his head down. Errol Flynn leans against a wall, cha with Johnny Meyer. Glenn Odekirk sits with several of his engineers, furiously arguing over XF-11 blueprints. Ava s wearing dark glasses, pretending to read a magazine. Noah is standing in a secluded corner with a DOCTOR: