0) 78) dialog: We installed the 450 radial ~-- but the struts won't take the vibration. Minute we go contact the struts start cracking along the bias. HOWARD © What's the good news?
0) 79) dialog: There isn't any.
0) 81) dialog: We've done everything -~ we've re-built her from top to toe. If we drain the fuel tank for a couple of runs she might make 180 mph.
0) 83) dialog: Yeah, well I want a date with Theda Bara but that ain't gonna happen either.
0) 89) dialog: Then the top wing falls off. Howard considers the plane. His mind racing.
0) 91) dialog: What?
0) 94) dialog: A monoplane...
0) 96) dialog: 550 Whitney Wasp engine-~
0) 100) dialog: 
0) 103) dialog: You know, I just gotta say ... we've already spent over 200,000 dollars rebuilding this plane.
1) 14) dialog: Wind resistance on the rivets?
2) 12) dialog: Yeah, or the reverse thrust would rip it off.
6) 34) text: He runs his hand along the entire fuselage of the almost complete plane. Glenn and his team of engineers and mecha wait nervously, watching Howard's hand. Howard continues to move along the fuselage, his fingerti feeling the plane. Sensual. Then his fingertips undulate line of rivets on the fuselage. He doesn't like that. JACK FRYE follows Howard as he inspects the plane. Jack, 30's, is a landmark figure in commercial aviation. former WWI ace and barnstormer. His sweet, round face dis his passionate commitment to his cause. For he is also... Title: Jack Frye. President of TWA Airlines.
7) 4) dialog: ... Keep your eye on the fuel gauge -- we have a minimum of fuel to keep her weight down. Two runs. That's it. After that, you're flying on vapors and then you crash and then you die.
7) 8) dialog: Just give her easy flying, don't worry about speed. And don't even think about the record today ... (they arrive at the plane) ... Honest to God, I wish you'd let someone else take her up -- you got 20 damn test pilots working for you--
8) 0) text: Howard settles into the tight cockpit. He fastens his sho harnesses as he gazes at an amazing array of toggles and ahead of him on the control panel. He has born to sit in a cockpit like this. He is complete home in the mad jumble of leather and steel and dials and switches. The complexity delights him. The options. He slowly puts his hand around the stick, finger by finge Getting the feel for the stick. Feels good. Then he flicks the engine start toggles and pushes igniti plane's engine thunders to life. An elegant cascade of po Outside, Glenn listens to the engine, eyes closed. Then h Howard the thumbs-up. Inside, Howard responds and starts the plane moving. This is foreplay. The H-1 rolls down the dirt landing str Reaches the end. Turns in one smooth motion. (CONTINUED)
8) 1) text: Howard sees the strip ahead of him. Plenty long enouyh. H glances to the red flags. Hanging listlessly. No wind. Fi will do it without any help from the wind. Stasis. He waits. The engine prepares. He prepares. And then the most gentle pressure on the foot pedals and stick... «.- And the H-1 begins to move. Gaining speed. Howard put pressure on the stick and throttle. The foreplay is over. to let the cat out of the bag. More pressure on the stick feet dance over the floor pedals. It happens so quickly we are unprepared. The H-1 accelerates in a blinding silver flash -- engines singing -- and is suddenly airborne. The three timers from the National Aeronautic Association absolutely stunned as the H-1 zooms past them, knocking t hats off. Glenn smiles. Howard's engineers and mechanics cheer. Howard has never known acceleration like this! The cockpi vibrating like mad. The needle falls off his compass. The is shooting past him. His puts his left hand on his right wrist, steadying his the stick. He banks the plane around, back toward the field, the ear rotating dramatically below him. And he flies. Pure speed. He forces the stick. The engine to the challenge. His eyes dart over all the dials. He se red flags below. First run. Zip -- and he is past them. Below, the three timers click stopwatches. Howard banks the plane again. Too sharply. The plane veer controls his energy. Levels out. Takes a breath. Zooms to the red flags. The air field nears. Howard plays the stick and throttle. engine embraces his challenge. Second run. Zip -- and he is past them.
8) 3) text: The stopwatches click. Glenn breathes a sigh of relief. But Howard is not done. He takes the plane a little farther out this time. Banks He is comfortable now. Just getting the feel for the plan Can't stop now. He knows what the plane likes. What gives pleasure. He very.gently forces the stick ‘and throttle a bit more engine responds to him -- Is that a roar of protest? Or i satisfaction? Give me some more? -- the whole world is. v madly now =~ another dial needle falls from the control p The stick is bucking in his hand now -- he uses both hand steady it. Third run. The H-1 sweeps through the sky faster than any plane has flown. Zip -- and he is past them. The stopwatches click. Howard smiles.
9) 0) text: The H-1 can be seen circling in the distance to return to field, its engine roaring, as Glenn hurries to the clutch timers:
9) 2) dialog: 
9) 4) dialog: Oh God... He sees the H-1 disappear into the beet field--
9) 8) dialog: 
9) 10) text: The cars tear through the beet field, following the trail the H-1. They slam to a stop. Glenn climbs out. Can't believe what he sees. Howard is sitting calmly on the engine cowl of the H-1, m notes. His lucky fedora pushed back on his head.
9) 12) dialog: 352 on the last run. Howard continues to make notes, doesn't look up.
11) 7) dialog: No.
11) 9) dialog: You wanna build a troop carrier plane?
11) 12) dialog: Oh shit...
11) 14) dialog: Oh shit!
11) 16) dialog: Christ, Howard, what are you getting us into?! (CONTINUED)
11) 19) dialog: How heavy do you imagine this thing is?
11) 25) dialog: Howard, you really think they're gonna let you put out a whole movie just about tits?
12) 0) text: Howard and Kate sit in the rear of a large sedan. Howard to Glenn in the front seat. A large Cuban man we will com know as JORGE drives. They are driving through the MGM lo We watch Kate's face. Clouded. Sad. Deep in thought. (CONTINUED)
12) 3) dialog: You can't make a 200 ton plane out of wood.
15) 85) dialog: Howard, I need you up here. Howard turns to the aide collecting up the TWA logo rende
15) 92) dialog: Left rear rudder and elevators. (CONTINUED)
15) 95) dialog: Oh Jesus -- the damn wheel--
15) 98) dialog: Howard, we've tried every goddamn thing -- we've tried leather, we've tried plastic, we've tried metal, with ridges, without ridges, round, flat, square -- Christ almighty you have seen eight thousand goddamn wheels -- you gotta make a decision!
15) 102) dialog: Name's Josh or something like that.
15) 104) dialog: I don't know. Howard turns back to the wheels, continues trying various
15) 106) dialog: Okay. But can we at least proceed with the instrument panel we discussed? The tool shop is ready to go~-
15) 108) dialog: (cracking a bit) You've seen all this stuff a hundred times -- it's just like the goddamn wheel -- you can't keep changing your mind -- we're eight goddamn months behind schedule as it is--!
15) 110) dialog: Look, you gotta face it, the deadline is now totally unrealistic. At this rate the war will be over by the time she's done!
15) 113) text: Glenn looks at him. A half smile. Is this a joke?
15) 116) dialog: (concerned) Howard...? Howard's face. Incredible fear. He know what's happening just can't stop it.
16) 4) dialog: Yeah, Howard, you're a-okay.
16) 6) dialog: Okay, Howard, confirm visual action. She's all yours.
16) 9) dialog: Take it easy, Howard...
16) 11) dialog: How does she sound, Howard?
16) 13) dialog: All right. Make her sing. Howard smiles and sets the plane in motion. She begins to down the runway, gaining momentum. She ROARS past Glenn and the others at the Command Post. The XF-11 gracefully soars into the sky. Inside, silk. Howard laughs. Giddy.
16) 15) dialog: Retract landing gear and climb to 5,000 feet at a heading of due West 4-5.
16) 19) dialog: What's your airspeed, Howard?
16) 22) dialog: Take her back to 2-0-0.
16) 25) dialog: Howard, we gotta bring her home. Set course for port turn 1-8-0 and return to base. Descend to 4,000 feet.
16) 27) dialog: Negative, Howard. Bring her home.
16) 31) dialog: (alert) What is it, Howard?
16) 34) dialog: Check starboard engine indicator.
16) 36) dialog: Are both starboard props turning?
16) 39) dialog: (calming) Howard, return to base. Repeat, return to base. ( CONTINUED )
16) 42) dialog: Howard, give us your position. HOWARD . 2,000 feet over -- Christ, I dunno, Beverly Hills -- 1,500 feet.
16) 43) dialog: Reduce engines to 1,000.
16) 45) dialog: Wilshire Country Club. Reduce engines to 1,000. The plane is zooming toward the earth. The quiet resident streets of Beverly Hills flying up at Howard. Impossibly The G-forces of the fall are now pressing Howard back int seat-- Beverly Hilis zooms up-- With every ounce of strength in him, Howard fights to kee nose of the plane up-~ Then he sees it is too late--
16) 56) text: There has never been a death watch like this one. The corridor outside Howard's room is filled. Jack Frye s with his head down. Errol Flynn leans against a wall, cha with Johnny Meyer. Glenn Odekirk sits with several of his engineers, furiously arguing over XF-11 blueprints. Ava s wearing dark glasses, pretending to read a magazine. Noah is standing in a secluded corner with a DOCTOR:
17) 0) text: joward is sitting up in bed. Very weak. His face is almos zompletely covered in bandages. Only his bloodshot right a bit of his torn, swollen mouth are visible through the shrouding. SJoah and Glenn sit with him. jJoward does not move a muscle because of the burns. His sollapsed lung makes it difficult to draw breath. He is h sedated, almost incoherent.
17) 6) dialog: An oil seal ripped off the starboard rear propeller. When the pressure dropped, the prop reversed pitch. Do you understand me? ... (Howard nods) ... I hate to bother you now, but there's something else. You following me? ... (Howard nods) ... The Air Force canceled the contract on the Hercules. This is a body blow. Howard takes it almost without shudd
17) 7) dialog: The war's been over for a year. They say they don't need it anymore. I have to know what you want me to do? Should I release the staff?
17) 9) dialog: About six months.
17) 11) dialog: 7 million. Maybe more. A beat.
20) 98) dialog: Advancing master throttles. Howard reaches to his side and gently pushes the four lar throttle levers forward with his right hand as his left h controls the wheel. Outside: The Hercules begins to move. Cheers from the thousands of spectators on shore. Inside:
20) 99) dialog: Veniers are in sequence.
20) 101) dialog: Lowering fifteen degrees of flaps ... (he glances to Howard) ... She's gotta hit 70 mph to have a chance. Howard gently plays the throttle levers, his fingers undu like a pianist, feeling them respond. Outside: The Hercules picks up speed. Splashing through the waves. Inside: Howard gently plays the throttles, enjoying the feel of t plane.
20) 102) dialog: 25 mph ... 30... 35 -- take it easy, Howard -- 40 mph.
20) 105) dialog: . Throttling back for starboard turn 1-8-0. Howard slows the plane, gently turning her. A perfect tur great beast responding to his delicate touch on the contr Howard slows to a stop. The plane waits. The engines rumb obediently.
20) 107) dialog: Sounds good. Howard glances to Professor Fitz.
20) 112) text: Howard glances to Glenn. Pokes his lucky fedora a little on his head.
20) 114) dialog: Advancing master throttles. Howard gently folds his fingers around the throttles and pressure. The Hercules begins to move forward. Picking up speed-- Outside: The Hercules crashes through the waves-- inside: Howard forces the throttle levers a bit more, still gentl controlling the wheel with his left hand.
20) 116) dialog: 25 mph ... 30... 35 ...°40 ... Outside: The Hercules is racing through the waves now-- Inside:
20) 117) dialog: wee 45 46. 50 2... 55 6 The roar of the engines and vibrations of the plane echo the wooden ship bizarrely. The wood creaking and moaning- Qutside: The Hercules is zooming through the water, sending up gre sprays of white foam-- Inside: The roar is deafening. The whole ship is bouncing and sha violently. The throttles vibrate slightly under Howard's right hand. His left hand is still gentle on the wheel. I complete control. His eyes totally focused ahead.
20) 119) dialog: wee 60 42. 65 546 70... 75! Now. Howard gives a final caress to the throttles and-- Outside: The Hercules leaves the water. Inside: The terrible bouncing and vibrations abruptly stop. Silen for the distant roar of the engines. A stunned moment of realization. The Hercules is airborne. Outside: The Hercules flies. Inside: Howard lets out an enormous holler of joy. Soon the whole deck is roaring with cheers and laughter. Outside: The Hercules. The Spruce Goose. Howard's Pet Monster. Soars.
21) 20) dialog: Not a lot.
21) 22) dialog: Now?
21) 27) text: Glenn leads him to a bathroom.
21) 29) dialog: (gently) : Stay here. I'll be right back. All right, Howard? Do you understand me?