0) 1) dialog: +.» Don't tell me it can't be done! Title: HOLLYWOOD. 1927. He is walking with his STUNT COORDINATOR and DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY.
0) 5) dialog: It's the damn climax of the picture, Frank. You make it work! Decrease the vertical trajectory if you have to. A LeRhone rotary won't stall at 60 degrees. I've done it.
0) 7) dialog: We're not cutting anything. tu 11 get the cameras. Set up for rehearsal in five. The STUNT COORDINATOR and DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY veer of team of waiting filmmakers as Howard continues striding p endless row of airplanes. NOAH DIETRICH, 30's, catches up with Howard. Noah is a gr talking former real estate salesman and prize fighter. Cu a corporate accountant in desperate need of a corporation Howard's size strikes Noah first. Six foot three. Rail-th then the looks. Dazzling. Movie star dazzling.
0) 9) dialog: Walk with me, Mr. Dietrich... The voice. A bit louder than Noah expected, Flat, a sligh twang. .
0) 10) dialog: You're a man on the come. Read your resume and talked to your references. You know what I'm looking for?
0) 12) dialog: I'm looking for someone to run it and do a damn good job. There's really only one thing you gotta know: my folks are gone now so it's my money. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
0) 14) dialog: Now what I do with that money may seem crazy to those sonsofbitches in Houston -- I'm sure it does -- but it all makes good sense to me. You got that?
0) 16) dialog: You made 5,200 dollars a year on your last job. I'll pay you 10,000.
0) 18) dialog: You'll be working four times as hard.-.I just got you at half price. Welcome aboard, Mr. Dietrich. Still walking, Howard shakes his hand. Noah can't believe Howard it in. And we A vast A beat
0) 19) dialog: You're my voice, make 'em understand that. Some of those fine folks down there still call me "Junior." You tell them it's "Mr. Hughes" now. °
0) 21) dialog: We're not. Cholera epidemic of 1913 -- two thousand dead. Whole place is nothing but pestilential swamp. Typhus, malaria, cholera, yellow fever, you name it, they got it. has passed the last airplane. He stops, turns. He takes Smiles. finally see it all. sea of airplanes. His airplanes. It is staggering.
0) 22) dialog: You see that, Mr. Dietrich? You're looking at the largest private air force in the world ... What do you think of that now? as Noah takes in the world of airplanes.
0) 25) text: Howard laughs and strides off toward the waiting film cre waving his hand in a circle above his head.
0) 26) dialog: 
0) 29) dialog: Hello, Mr. Mayer, I don't know if you remember me, my name's Howard Hughes and I wanted to talk to you--
0) 31) dialog: HELL'S ANGELS, right. Listen, I'm in a helluva bind and need your help. I want to rent some cameras. Meanwhile, a man watches them closely from a table. He is MEYER, a jovial, fast-talking Hollywood press agent, fixe pimp.
0) 33) dialog: Drill bits.
0) 37) dialog: My company makes drill bits. I already bought every camera I could but we're shooting our big dogfight scene this weekend and I need two more. You think MGM could help me out?
0) 40) dialog: Twenty four. cronies laugh.
0) 42) dialog: Howard.
0) 44) dialog: Drill ... bits.
0) 46) dialog: Sir, I need-~
0) 48) dialog: (terse) I'll be sure to remember that, Mr. Mayer. (CONT TNURD)
0) 49) text: Mayer turns back to his cronies, satisfied. Howard spots Meyer and goes to him:
0) 51) dialog: (shaking hands) Johnny. A beautiful WAITRESS glides up as Johnny lights a cigaret
0) 53) dialog: Milk, please. In a bottle with the cap still on. She glides off.
0) 55) dialog: Sonofabitch won't part with a single goddamn camera.
0) 57) dialog: What I have isn't enough, not for how I see it... As Howard speaks he quietly reaches across the table and Johnny's cigarette, stubs it out in the ashtray. He is no aware he is doing it. Johnny is too smart to protest.
0) 58) dialog: -.. My name depends on this picture. If it doesn't work, I'm back to Houston with my tail between my legs, making goddamn drill bits for the rest of my life.
0) 60) dialog: Johnny, you're a press agent, you're supposed to know all the little in's and out's of Hollywood. Do you?
0) 64) dialog: Good. Leave the big ideas to me. He casually drops the now-soiled napkin on tne floor as a beautiful CIGARETTE GIRL comes to the table, she leans fo offering her wares:
0) 66) dialog: I don't smoke -~- but you could help me with something else.
0) 68) dialog: You could show me what gives a beautiful woman like you pleasure. Johnny almost chokes. The Cigarette Girl looks at Howard.
0) 69) dialog: Say you're just standing there and I touch you ... Just with my fingertips ... Would you like that? ... I want to learn what pleases you. I want to learn everything about you ... Will you let me do that? She looks at him.
0) 71) dialog: I'm in room 217. She goes. Howard stands:
0) 72) dialog: (standing) Johnny, get on the horn to Universal and Warners. I need two more cameras by Saturday. Rent 'em if you can. Steal ‘em if you have to. He goes. Johnny watches him cut through the crowd, dumbst INTL AIR FIELD -~ COMMAND TENT __-__NIGET. A makeshift screening room. Howard sits, slumped in a chair, watching dailies from HE ANGELS. A handful of pilots and filmmakers sit around the as well. They are watching some footage from the climactic dogfigh sequence, planes soaring through the air. But the footage curiously impotent, lacking excitement. Howard watches the planes zooming about on the screen, si deeper into his chair.
0) 73) dialog: Goddamn! ... Why the hell does it look so slow? This isn't what it was like up there ... They look like a bunch of goddamn models! Howard stands and walks to the screen, a growing realizat
0) 74) dialog: Jesus Christ...
0) 76) dialog: Without something Standing still behind the planes we got no idea how fast we're moving. We got no idea of relative motion! ... (he spins to an aide) ... Cail over to UCLA. Get me the best meteorologist they got. Get him here in an hour. He strides out of the Command Tent. . AIR _FIEL! me} Howard lopes, discontent, away from the Command Tent towa illuminated area of the field. Howard's personal plane ~- a nifty Boeing Scout biplane - the center of a hive of activity. A team of his engineers working on the plane. GLENN ODEKIRK sees Howard approaching and goes to him. Gl a brilliant engineer with an innovative imagination. He i of the few people Howard sees as a friend, not as an empl GLENN. Hey, you want the good news or the bad news?
0) 77) dialog: Bad news, always. They move to the plane, considering the engine in particu
0) 80) dialog: Dammit, Odie, if the 450's too big figure something else out! Howard circles the plane like a predator, Glenn following
0) 82) dialog: I want minimum 200.
0) 86) dialog: Don't be so sure ... Okay, okay, ckay -- This is a simple engineering problem. We just gotta think it out... Howard carefully examines the plane, taking special note struts connecting the upper and lower wings. As:
0) 87) dialog: Machines are logical, Odie. They're science. That's the beauty of it. No emotion, no uncertainty, just science. We build it right and it flies fast, simple as that... He completes his inspection and stands back, looking at t plane.
0) 88) dialog: So if the struts won't sustain the engine we need -—- then we gotta get rid of the struts.
0) 90) dialog: Then let it.
0) 92) dialog: Who says we need a top wing? Glenn looks at him. Curious.
0) 93) dialog: need anything? Who says we Glenn approaches, savoring the idea in his mind, excited Howard's bold vision.
0) 95) dialog: A cantilevered monoplane. They're doing it in France. To hell with the top wing and the struts--
0) 99) dialog: 100 octane fuel will give us a top horsepower of -- what?
0) 102) dialog: Squeeze it to a thousand and we got the fastest plane ever built. They look at each other. Smiling. Out of such moments are magnificent creatures born.
0) 104) dialog: To hell with it ... (he smiles) ... Tear it up, Odie. He strides off into the darkness. Glenn watches him go. Then he picks up a sledgehammer. His engineers watch, hor Glenn swings the sledgehammer -- CRASH -- and annihilates struts on one side of the plane. The top wing immediately in two and falls.
1) 0) text: A bookish and bespectacled man sits nervously. His hair s all the rumpled signs of a man roused from sleep. He is PROFESSOR FITZ, a meteorologist. Howard is with him
1) 2) dialog: Giant breasts full of milk. I want clouds, dammit.
1) 6) dialog: Then we'll wait ... (he stands, preparing to go) : Whatever they pay you. at UCLA, I'm doubling it. You work for me now. Find some clouds. He begins to go. Immediately stops and returns. Repeating exact same words and gestures:
1) 7) dialog: You work for me now. Find some clouds. He strides out of the tent, completely unaware of the pec repetition. We hear his voice from outside the tent:
1) 8) dialog: Find some clouds! A pilot lounging in the command tent turns to Fitz.
1) 15) dialog: I want her slippery. Howard rises and stalks away, Noah following.
1) 17) dialog: Just take care of it, would ya? Professor Fitz comes running up to Howard, bursting, wavi weather charts.
1) 19) dialog: You mean it this time?
1) 22) dialog: No need to get all jittery now. Howard turns to the aviators:
1) 23) dialog: 
2) 3) dialog: It's costing me 5,271 dollars a day keeping these planes on the ground. You find me some goddamn clouds! Professor Fitz scurries off as Noah drives up. Noah climb of his car and goes to Howard. Howard continues to. caref feel along the plane.
2) 5) dialog: Very funny.
2) 7) dialog: Then stop showing them the damn bills.
2) 9) dialog: Shit no, maybe it's a little naughty.
2) 11) dialog: Then incorporate a new division out here. Call it Hughes Aircraft ... (to Glenn) ... Odie, do we need these rivets on the cowling?
2) 13) dialog: They're gonna give me drag. Do something about that, okay?
2) 16) dialog: ... We've been to Chatsworth, Santa Cruz, Encino, San Diego, Riverside, Van Nuys and Bakersfield. It's been eight months! Where are the goddamn clouds?! (CONTINUED)
2) 17) text: The planes twist and spin, arcing through the clouds. The giving a scale to the action. The planes zoom back and fo recklessly, shooting into view and disappearing again, exponentially increasing until the sky is ar impossible j of planes. Forty engines roar as forty pilots try to avoi collision. It is mayhem. It is poetry. And in the midst of it all... NT. /EXT. Cc. RA_PLANE FOLLOWING ... is Howard. He is in the camera plane, directing the action. He squaw a handheld microphone -- radio control to the air field a the other planes -- and flings instructions, pointing mad various directions. All words are lost in the howl of the engines. A cameraman cranks beside him. Two planes zoom past -- almost clipping the camera plane Howard doesn't care. We are inside the hornet's nest now. A beautiful order em from the chaos as the planes dogfight. Our spirits soar with Howard. It is totally exhilarating.
2) 21) dialog: (smiles) Come with me.
3) 1) text: Al Jolson is on the screen. Singing. THE JAZZ SINGER. Howard and Noah stand at the back of the theater.
3) 2) dialog: You see, this is what the people want. Silent pictures are yesterday's news, so I figure I gotta reshoot HELL'S ANGELS for sound.
3) 4) dialog: All of it. Noah stares at him, speechless.
3) 5) dialog: Before you even ask, I'll tell you: an additional 1.7 million. We got that much?
3) 7) dialog: Well, then we better make it. Take care of that, would ya? ... (he watches the screen, delighted) ... Sound, Noah, sound!
3) 9) text: 7000 Romaine Street, in the heart of Hollywood, is a rath attractive Art Deco building. The walls are yellow stucco There is no sign to indicate this modest building is the Howard's many enterprises.
4) 4) dialog: Who is it?
4) 6) dialog: Come in. Noah enters.
4) 8) dialog: Wait. (CONTINUED )
4) 10) dialog: Run reel ten. I think we're duplicating a shot ... And tell Jimmy I'd like ten chocolate chirp cookies. Medium chips, none too close to the outside. Thanks... (hangs up, continues to Noah) ... Hate chocolate on my hands. Do you remember this shot from reel ten?
4) 13) dialog: What are my options? NOAH . I don't know that you have any. I'm afraid you gotta close it down and dig your way out ... I'm sorry, Howard. I truly am. A long beat as Howard's movie flickers. He watches it, hi dream. Then the flickering stops. The dream gone. Darkness. The sound is Howard's steady breathing.
4) 15) dialog: Mortgage Toolco. Every asset. Noah looks at him. Prays he hasn't heard correctly.
4) 16) dialog: You heard me.
4) 19) dialog: I won't. A beat.
4) 21) dialog: Thanks. Noah rises, leaves the room with the gait of a sleepwalke Howard sits, watching the movie. Then he feels something arms of his chair. Grease? Dirt? Dust? Imaginary? Real? He looks at the arm of his chair: HOWARD'S POV -- EXTREME CLOSEUP -- the texture of the fab the arm of the chair. He slowly raises his hands and holds them up l:ke a surge after scrubbing. A disquieting image. Then we hear the sound of a roaring crowd, taking us to..
4) 33) dialog: Very big.
4) 35) dialog: Yes. RADIO ANNOUNCER . Yeah, um -- So, four million clams from your own pocket, nervous how the flick will fly?
4) 36) dialog: Big night ... Enjoy the show. He leads Jean toward the theater:
4) 38) dialog: I'll tell you, if it doesn't, I'm gonna fly my plane out over the ocean and take a nose dive, straight down. She laughs. He doesn't. They go into the auditorium.
5) 0) text: Needless to say, the unwashed masses aren't inside. The h auditorium is crowded with tuxedos and gowns. HELL'S ANGELS plays on the massive screen. The crowd love oohing and aahing the aerial pyrotechnics on the screen. Howard sits, nervous, with Jean. HELL'S ANGELS ends. Howard slowly exhales. The applause begins ... builds ... a cascading wave of ap The audience stands. They face Howard. Applauding. Howard sees Noah standing, applauding with a look of unbelievable relief. Howard smiles.
5) 2) text: Howard finally stands and waves a bit shyly. The crowd ch for him. He smiles.
6) 0) text: Howard strides with Jean through the lobby, toward the do out. A few AIDES are following, scribbling in pads. (CONTINUED)
6) 2) dialog: .-- And reel four played way too long. Too many coughs. Get Harry and the team out of the party and cet them over to the office -- I want to cut a few shots tonight -- And find Glenn Odekirk. Somebody write this down: flush rivets. You got that? Flush rivets.
6) 5) text: A large Sikorsky Amphibian seaplane sweeps through the cl It is a dramatic if rather an ungainly beast, all wing an convex hull. The Sikorsky makes a perfect landing on the Thundering to a rolling stop. The movie people watch, speechless, as Howard climbs from Sikorsky like Apollo from his chariot. He strides across beach. He approaches a tall, lean WOMAN lounging on a deck chair an umbrella, her long legs stretched out. She wears pants He stops before her.
6) 6) dialog: I read in the magazines that you play golf. The woman looks up at hin.
6) 8) dialog: How about nine holes? A beat as she considers him.
6) 10) dialog: If it would be convenient, Miss Hepburn. And KATHARINE HEPBURN smiles.
6) 16) dialog: Realistic.
6) 18) dialog: No.
6) 20) dialog: I didn't.
6) 23) dialog: She's a friend. (CONTTNITED )
6) 26) dialog: (can't hear) Excuse me?
6) 34) text: He runs his hand along the entire fuselage of the almost complete plane. Glenn and his team of engineers and mecha wait nervously, watching Howard's hand. Howard continues to move along the fuselage, his fingerti feeling the plane. Sensual. Then his fingertips undulate line of rivets on the fuselage. He doesn't like that. JACK FRYE follows Howard as he inspects the plane. Jack, 30's, is a landmark figure in commercial aviation. former WWI ace and barnstormer. His sweet, round face dis his passionate commitment to his cause. For he is also... Title: Jack Frye. President of TWA Airlines.
6) 36) dialog: Not enough ... (the engineers wilt) ... The rivets have to be completely flush, every screw and joint countersunk. No wind resistance on the fuselage. She's gotta be clean, Odie. Glenn returns to his engineers as Jack continues to Howar
6) 38) dialog: What kinda plane?
6) 40) dialog: Something bigger. JACK . Try 50 seats. With an ceiling of 12,000 feet.
6) 41) dialog: No. 20,000 ... (Jack looks at him, stunned) ... What does 20,000 feet give you? (CONTINUED)
6) 44) dialog: Right. 'Cause it's above the weather ... You want to fly above the weather.
6) 46) dialog: Only one percent of the American population has ever set foot on a commercial airliner. Because they're scared to death. And they should be. 7,000 feet is bumpy as shit +.. We build a plane that flies above the weather and we could get every man, woman and child in this country to feel safe up there ... The future is a plane with the ability to fly high and long ... Across the country ... Across the world. Jack is transfixed by Howard's bold vision.
6) 47) dialog: Now listen, I don't want to get into all this if your board doesn't have the balls for it. Will they support us?
6) 49) dialog: What's your financial picture?
6) 51) dialog: Last year's deficit?
6) 54) dialog: What's it selling at?
6) 56) dialog: I think I can do that.
6) 60) dialog: Buy it. Jack stares at him.
6) 62) dialog: Sure, don't want a bunch of pencil-pushing accountants getting in the way of our plane. Gimme brass tacks now. What does controlling interest in TWA cost me?
6) 64) dialog: That's a chunk of change ... (checks his watch) ... Listen I gotta date. Call Noah Dietrich and have him start buying.
6) 66) dialog: (smiles) Hell, Jack, you wanna play with the toys, you gotta own the store. He strides off. Jack watches him go, dumbstruck. And Howard is on his way toward owning an airline. Int COCOANUT GROVE NIGHTCLUB NIGHT An explosion of 1930's glamour. A sea of tuxedos and shimmering dresses. The orchestra bo something with a rolling swing edge. Dancers float around dance floor in imperfect imitations of Fred and Ginger. (CONTINUED)
6) 67) text: The MAITRE DE leads Howard and Kate to their table:
6) 69) dialog: Just fine, Pete.
6) 72) dialog: Please.
6) 76) dialog: They're open late. I go to a hot dog stand on La Cienega too. They're open until four.
6) 80) text: They join Kate and Howard. Errol, every inch the dashing star, sloshes in next to Kate. She heartily disapproves o both.
6) 81) dialog: Kate, this is Johnny Meyer, sorta my press agent.
6) 84) dialog: And you know Errol, I'm sure.
6) 89) dialog: Yeah, gonna call it THE OUTLAW--
6) 91) dialog: It's a Western. (CONTINUED)
6) 98) dialog: I have to go ... (he stands, offers his hand to Kate) ++. If you'll excuse us, we have to be somewhere.
6) 100) dialog: Somewhere else. Kate takes his hand and rises.
6) 105) dialog: Feel like a little adventure?
6) 108) dialog: That's Mr. Mayer ... Do you know where Jack Warner lives? She laughs. She is entranced. Alive. Her senses tingling every new sensation. Her eye is drawn to wheel ahead of her. There is somethin peculiar about it. It is wrapped in cellophane. She touch crinkly cellophane.
6) 110) dialog: Cellophane ... If you had any idea of the crap people carry around on their hands.
6) 112) dialog: You don't want to know ... Hold onto the wheel a bit. Get a feel for it. Don't worry, I've got the plane. She takes the wheel ahead of her firmly. (CONTINUED)
6) 114) dialog: (smiles) Too hard ... Relax your hand ... (he shows her) ... You want to feel the vibration of the engine through your fingertips ... You feel that?
6) 116) dialog: That's good ... (he takes his hands off his wheel) She's all yours.
6) 119) dialog: I think there's some milk back there. You just keep us steady. He moves to the rear of the plane and searches for a bott milk as she flies the plane. He watches her. Smiles. She absolutely loves it. Total control.
6) 120) text: Howard, there's a rather alarming mountain heading our way.
6) 121) dialog: Pull back on the wheel a smidge. She pulls back on the wheel and soars over some hills.
6) 123) dialog: I've never met someone who actually says "Golly." You want me to take over?
6) 125) dialog: Want some milk?
6) 129) text: The plane sweeps between some impossibly tight trees -- b wide enough -- and rolls to a stop in the middle of a fai Houses can be seen in the distance at the edge of the fai Howard and Kate emerge.
6) 131) dialog: No, I live here. Would you like a drink?
6) 136) dialog: ++». My "decorator" picked out the wall paper and such. I hate this room. Gives me the willies. Like I'm about to be swallowed up by the latest issue of Town and Country-- She strides across the room, without a word, and kisses h deeply. On her terms. He is surprised. Responds. She gent pulls her lips away, only inches from his:
6) 138) dialog: My study.
6) 140) dialog: You're the tallest woman I know...
6) 143) dialog: It is tomorrow. They kiss their way into...
7) 0) text: ... Howard's inner sanctum. The beating heart of the Muir house. Dark, wood-paneled walls, film editing machines and banks electronics equipment. A huge desk with several phones, a which have amplifiers to help with this deafness. French open to the spacious backyard and, beyond that, the fairw the Wilshire Country Club. PARAM TATIMAD t
7) 1) text: Howard and Kate swirl around each other, their passion bu She is confident and enjoys him. He finds a powerful rele her firm touch. There is no hesitation, no games. It is passionate connec It is honest. His fingertips glide over her skin, imperceptibly taking to... .
7) 7) dialog: Right.
7) 9) dialog: Hell, why should I let someone else have all the fun? Then, impulsively, he takes Glenn's brown fedora and puts his head.
7) 10) dialog: See ya in a bit. And he climbs into the plane.
8) 0) text: Howard settles into the tight cockpit. He fastens his sho harnesses as he gazes at an amazing array of toggles and ahead of him on the control panel. He has born to sit in a cockpit like this. He is complete home in the mad jumble of leather and steel and dials and switches. The complexity delights him. The options. He slowly puts his hand around the stick, finger by finge Getting the feel for the stick. Feels good. Then he flicks the engine start toggles and pushes igniti plane's engine thunders to life. An elegant cascade of po Outside, Glenn listens to the engine, eyes closed. Then h Howard the thumbs-up. Inside, Howard responds and starts the plane moving. This is foreplay. The H-1 rolls down the dirt landing str Reaches the end. Turns in one smooth motion. (CONTINUED)
8) 1) text: Howard sees the strip ahead of him. Plenty long enouyh. H glances to the red flags. Hanging listlessly. No wind. Fi will do it without any help from the wind. Stasis. He waits. The engine prepares. He prepares. And then the most gentle pressure on the foot pedals and stick... «.- And the H-1 begins to move. Gaining speed. Howard put pressure on the stick and throttle. The foreplay is over. to let the cat out of the bag. More pressure on the stick feet dance over the floor pedals. It happens so quickly we are unprepared. The H-1 accelerates in a blinding silver flash -- engines singing -- and is suddenly airborne. The three timers from the National Aeronautic Association absolutely stunned as the H-1 zooms past them, knocking t hats off. Glenn smiles. Howard's engineers and mechanics cheer. Howard has never known acceleration like this! The cockpi vibrating like mad. The needle falls off his compass. The is shooting past him. His puts his left hand on his right wrist, steadying his the stick. He banks the plane around, back toward the field, the ear rotating dramatically below him. And he flies. Pure speed. He forces the stick. The engine to the challenge. His eyes dart over all the dials. He se red flags below. First run. Zip -- and he is past them. Below, the three timers click stopwatches. Howard banks the plane again. Too sharply. The plane veer controls his energy. Levels out. Takes a breath. Zooms to the red flags. The air field nears. Howard plays the stick and throttle. engine embraces his challenge. Second run. Zip -- and he is past them.
8) 3) text: The stopwatches click. Glenn breathes a sigh of relief. But Howard is not done. He takes the plane a little farther out this time. Banks He is comfortable now. Just getting the feel for the plan Can't stop now. He knows what the plane likes. What gives pleasure. He very.gently forces the stick ‘and throttle a bit more engine responds to him -- Is that a roar of protest? Or i satisfaction? Give me some more? -- the whole world is. v madly now =~ another dial needle falls from the control p The stick is bucking in his hand now -- he uses both hand steady it. Third run. The H-1 sweeps through the sky faster than any plane has flown. Zip -- and he is past them. The stopwatches click. Howard smiles.
8) 4) dialog: Good girl. (CONTINUED)
9) 10) text: The cars tear through the beet field, following the trail the H-1. They slam to a stop. Glenn climbs out. Can't believe what he sees. Howard is sitting calmly on the engine cowl of the H-1, m notes. His lucky fedora pushed back on his head.
9) 11) dialog: How'd we do?
9) 13) dialog: She'll go faster. Glenn and the engineers move to the ravaged plane. And to fastest man on the planet.
9) 14) text: Howard limps in, excited.
9) 15) dialog: Kate! Katie!
9) 18) dialog: Oh, nothing -- hard landing. Cut my foot. You'1ll--
9) 20) dialog: You can't imagine what it was like, Katie! You can't imagine the speed -- she was fine, just fine!
9) 22) dialog: Oh ... around ... 352. She emerges from the bathroom, stunned.
9) 24) dialog: Fastest man on the planet. She races to him and kisses him, joyous--
9) 27) dialog: She did it, baby.
9) 29) dialog: No, that's beet juice. I crashed in a beet field. She looks at his red, beet juice-covered foot for a beat. then laughs. As does he. The absurdity of Howard's grand adventure killing them. KATE . Here let me get you fixed up -- Heavens, what is this, electrical tape? She begins trying to clean the small cut on the sole of h as:
9) 30) dialog: Odie just sorta slammed it on -- wanted to get home to tell you.
10) 2) dialog: Too hot!
10) 4) dialog: No, they're calling everyone. She turns off the tap and begins cleaning his wound.
10) 6) dialog: Should be on the wires by now ... (a beat) ... What is it? A beat as she gently cleans his wound.
10) 7) dialog: Kate? She begins to carefully dress his wound, deep in thought.
10) 9) dialog: I got my fair share of press on HELL'S ANGELS. I'm used to it.
10) 12) dialog: Katie, they can't get in here. We're safe.
10) 14) dialog: (very quietly) Look at me, Katie... She stops dressing his wound and looks at him. He is completely honest. Completely vulnerable. CONTINUED: .
10) 15) dialog: Sometimes I feel like ... well, I get these ideas ... crazy ideas about things that may not really be there...
10) 17) dialog: --- Sometimes I truly fear I'm losing my mind ... Do you understand? ... If I did, it would be like flying blind, with no compass, no window. She takes his hand.
10) 20) text: The radio report continues to declaim Howard's triumph. T rather sourly turns it off. Click. He continues to work in silence. Then an Executive enters Trippe casts a baleful eye up at the interruption.
10) 27) dialog: 
10) 28) dialog: 
10) 30) text: Finally through the doors, Howard escorts Kate through th lobby.
10) 33) text: She sees Louis B. Mayer standing with a pack of his MGM c She pulls her arm away from Howard and floats to Mayer.
10) 34) text: Howard stands for a moment, lost, watching her. Shs spark Mayer. Then a bewitching form floats past him, her voice purring
10) 37) text: Howard goes to a row of shining sinks. He reaches into hi jacket pocket and removes a small cake of lye soap. Caref unwraps it. Then begins to wash his hands. A toilet flushes in a stall behind him. He glances back i mirror. An unusual amount of movement inside the stall. H continues to look in the mirror as he washes his hands, c Then the stall door opens and a man lurches out of the st awkwardly. He is on arm crutches. Polio. Howard watches as the man jerks his way across the room, nearing the sink next to him. Howard is trapped.
10) 40) text: Howard watches as the man washes his Lands, leanine forwa on his arm crutches.
10) 42) dialog: I can't really do that. I'm sorry. The man looks at him. Okay. He jerks his way past Howard dries his hands. Howard looks away. Focusing on his washing his hands. The man jerks his way out, _of the bathroom. Howard lets few deep breaths.
10) 45) dialog: (smiles) Forget. it--
10) 47) dialog: That's not fair. You have very good teeth. She laughs. He offers his arm to lead her into the auditorium.
10) 48) dialog: Come on...
10) 50) dialog: Do your worst, Miss Hepburn. They leave the theater. The flashbulbs explode again as t go. INT. CAR ~~ FENWICK DAY. Something we have never seen in this siiory. Fall. Yellow leaves. New England. Howard and Kate are driving up the long drive to a huge h It is Fenwick. The Hepburn's ancestral Connecticut manor home to Kate's patrician Yankee clan.
10) 52) dialog: Who's that with the camera?
10) 54) dialog: What the hell's he doing here?!
10) 56) text: Howard climbs out of the car. Stands. Utterly lost.
10) 59) dialog: Excuse me?
10) 64) dialog: Excuse me?
10) 68) dialog: No, the dog. It's crushing my feet.
10) 71) dialog: I wasn't.
10) 76) dialog: I try to stay up to snuff on the trade journals.
10) 79) dialog: Sorry?
10) 84) dialog: Trade journals on engineering. Aviation.
10) 88) dialog: Well, it's pretty exciting actually. It's a spy plane for the Air Corps. A twin-engine plane with some really interesting design features, it has two booms at the back, which is--
10) 92) dialog: I'll bet.
10) 95) dialog: Nothing.
10) 98) dialog: No.
10) 101) dialog: (terse) That's because you have it. A beat. An actual moment of silence.
10) 103) dialog: You don't care about money because you have it. And you've always had it. My father was dirt poor when I was born--
10) 105) dialog: Excuse me! -- (back to Mrs. Hepburn) -- I care about money, because I know what it takes out of a man to make it. Now if you'll excuse me, I have some "airplane guff" to take care of. He tosses down his napkin, wrenches his feet from under t and strides out of the room. The Hepburns consider.
11) 0) text: A bit later. Howard stands on front lawn, deep in thought aimlessly kicks a croquet ball. It rolls through a hoop.
11) 3) dialog: Katie ... I don't understand. You were like a different person in there. KATE . They just expect me to be a certain way ... But there's only one real Kate. Your..Kate. She kisses him and they head back toward the house.
11) 6) dialog: .. Edison used to say you never invented anything until there was a need for it -- well, there's a need for this. You know how many Allied ships we lost this year because of U-Boat attacks?
11) 8) dialog: 681 ships, just this year, so far. The Army needs a new plane to fly the troops over to Europe. Ships are always gonna be too vulnerable to the U-beats. >
11) 10) dialog: Stop thinking like an insect, Odie. Not just a plane to carry troops -- a plane to carry everything! The troops and the tanks and the jeeps and whatnot... He pulls a folded-over headshct of a starlet from his jac hands it to Glenn.
11) 11) dialog: Take a look -- other side. Glenn flips the headshot over. And we see a pencil drawin Howard has done of a new plane. A gigantic flying boat. We recognize it instantly. The Hercules. The Spruce Goose
11) 13) dialog: Say 200 feet from nose to tail. Wingspan around 300. It's gonna need around 24,000 horsepower--
11) 15) dialog: This is just what Kaiser and the Army are looking for - - don't worry, they'll pay for it.
11) 18) dialog: So it's a big plane. That's why I'm calling it The Hercules. That's a swell name isn't it?
11) 20) dialog: I'd say around 200 tons. Glenn is staggered. A 200 ton plane?! (CONTINUED)
11) 22) dialog: I didn't say it was gonna be easy. He finally completes what he has been drawing, he turns a shows it to the filmmaking team behind him. It is a very engineering drawing of an underwire bra.
11) 23) dialog: Rig up something like this, should give the proper uplift ratios while reducing the need for additional torque support on the front. I want smooth titties, gentlemen. He turns back to Glenn with a smile:
11) 24) dialog: It's all engineering, isn't it, Odie? Glenn considers Jane Russell's breasts on the screen.
11) 26) dialog: Sure, who doesn't like tits? Cut to-- Int. MPA HEARING ROOM DAY
11) 28) text: Title: Motion Picture Association Censorship Board. Professor Fitz, Howard's meteorologist, sits nervously at table before the panel of somber men. He has no idea why here. A number of large easels have been set up at the back of room, facing the panel. The easels apparently contain hug posters or something. Covered in sheets. A silent beat as the panel gazes at poor Professor Fitz. Then Howard sweeps in and sits. Brisk.
11) 29) dialog: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Sorry I'm late.
11) 33) dialog: (stands) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Breen ... Now the situation here seems to revolve around Miss Russell's "mammaries." Mr. Breen feels that they are too prominent. More prominent than other "mammaries" have been on the screen. With the help of my associate here I hope to dispel that notion...-
11) 36) dialog: Jean Harlow ... Ann Sheridan ... Irene Dunne ... Claudette Colbert ... Rita Hayworth ... Betty Grable ... and Jane Russell. The panel members gape. Professor Fitz gapes.
11) 37) dialog: Now all of these shots, save for Miss Russell, were enlarged from pictures that received Mr. Breen's Seal of Approval. As you have probably noticed by now, they all contain "mammaries." I will ask my associate to join me TOW. . « Professor Fitz rises and walks to Howard and the mammarie completely confused.
11) 38) dialog: May I introduce Dr. Ludlow Branson from Columbia University. He's a mathematician of some note. Dr. Branson will now demonstrate that, in fact, Miss Russell's "mammaries" are no more prominent than any of these other fine ladies. He hands the stunned Professor Fitz a pair of calipers fr pocket.
11) 39) dialog: You forgot your calipers, Doctor. Howard returns to his seat. Professor Fitz improvises:
11) 42) text: The cover of HOLLYWOOD EXPOSE magazine, a sleazy rag show picture of Howard with various female movie stars. The bo cover title: THE MANY LOVES OF HOWARD HUGHES. Howard is roaming, eating vanilla ice cream straight from carton as Kate follows. She holds the magazine. Furious.
11) 44) dialog: Since when do you care about the scandal rags?
11) 46) dialog: That's overstating it a bit, don't ya think? QUICK FLASHES: a series of newspaper photos of Howard wit women. Starlets and movie stars.
11) 48) dialog: They're Cracker Jack candy, honey. You know they don't: mean anything--
11) 50) dialog: You're the one who said all men are predators. It's all ain Darwin, remember? He goes into the den, she follows...
11) 53) dialog: What's really bothering you? Is it the women or the “ publicity?
11) 60) dialog: Yeah? -~ This isn't a good time, Odie ... What? ... (he- is now completely focused on the phone conversation) ... For Christ sake we can't make the Hercules if we can't get any aluminum. Wait... (he turns up the amplifier on his phone so he can hear better) ... Yeah, I can hear “you now ... No ~-- you tell the War Production Board thi is an éssential strategic operation and ... No... Kate steams.
11) 61) dialog: .» Look, if they're giving aluminum to Douglas and Northrop and Boeing they sure as hell can give some to Hughes Aircraft... .
11) 63) dialog: ... Meantime, we gotta think of something else. If we can't get any aluminum we'll have to find another way ... Christ, I don't know, find some alloy that works as well, you tell me ... Right... He continues on the phone. She stalks out.
12) 0) text: Howard and Kate sit in the rear of a large sedan. Howard to Glenn in the front seat. A large Cuban man we will com know as JORGE drives. They are driving through the MGM lo We watch Kate's face. Clouded. Sad. Deep in thought. (CONTINUED)
12) 2) dialog: --Dammit, Odie, if we can't get any aluminum we'll use wood.
12) 4) dialog: Why the hell not?! The damn thing's a flying boat. What did they used to make boats out of?! Think of the Hercules like a Spanish Galleon -- a goddamn flying Spanish Galleon! They pull up to Kate's trailer. He kisses her cheek.
12) 5) dialog: I love you honey ... (he continues to Glenn as she climbs out of the car) ... We just gotta find the right kind of wood -- something light but strong -- with the tensile properties to work with the Duramold bonding...
12) 10) text: The hanger is empty but for Howard. He stands at the plan working, arms thrust into the guts of the engine. A radio plays Christmas carols. (CONTINUED)
12) 14) dialog: (not shaking) Sorry, got grease on my hands. Nice to see you, Bob. He holds up his finger for them to be quiet. Then turns u radio so they can't be overheard.
12) 15) dialog: Take a look ... She's the XF-11 reconnaissance flier, spy plane really. Her top speed is 450 -- which means she can outrun anything they throw against her. After the Japs stole my H-1 design for their goddamn Zeros, I figured I needed to do 'em one better. Designed every inch of her myself.
12) 17) dialog: Okay, what have you got for me? Gross carries something covered in a cloth to a drafting He pulls off the cloth, revealing a model of an airplane. Constellation. If the XF-1l1 is a radical design, the airplane model bef Howard is nothing short of revolutionary. The plane's shape is dolphin-like, elegantly dipping down nose and then sloping up to the three vertical tail wings engines. Howard almost gasps.
12) 18) dialog: Jiminy Cricket...
12) 21) dialog: (studies the model) Gross weight?
12) 23) dialog: Less drag on the plane in thinner air, so at full mix you're looking at a top speed of -- (instantly does the math) -- around 340, giving her a range of about... Howard stops. A stunning realization.
12) 24) dialog: 3,000 miles. He looks up at them. 3,000 miles. The magic number.
12) 25) dialog: Cross country.
12) 27) dialog: You have something on your suit.
12) 29) dialog: (calm) ‘ On your lapel, there's something on your lapel.
12) 31) dialog: Right there. Clean it off, would ya? (CONTINUED)
12) 33) dialog: Throw it away ... (Gross moves to a nearby trash can) ... No, over there. Gross tosses the handkerchief in a trash can a little fur away.
12) 34) dialog: So what do you call her?
12) 36) dialog: No, it's pretty. Howard tucks his hands into his pockets and walks away, d thought. -
12) 37) dialog: I like her ... (he glances in the trash can where Gross threw the handkerchief, disquieted) ... What kind of deal can you give me? ... (he repeats the movement and words exactly, looking into the trash can again) ... What kind of deal can you give me?
12) 40) dialog: More than that. United and American don't have the imagination for a plane like this.
12) 42) dialog: How much?
12) 45) dialog: 18 million for the first forty ... Hell, TWA can't afford that. The damn airline is flat broke ... I guess I'll just have to pay for them myself ... (to Gross) ... Build ‘em, Bob, and send the bill to Noah Dietrich. Thanks. He strides out of the hanger quickly. Jack and Gross look at each other. In the blink of an eye Howard has just placed the largest commercial aircraft order in history.
13) 0) text: Howard is on the phone, highly amused:
13) 1) dialog: ... now don't get all hysterical, Noah, that's not good for you... (smiles) ... Yeah, I know, I know, I should have told you but it just slipped my mind... Kate enters. He is surprised to see her.
13) 2) dialog: I'll get back to you, thanks ... (he hangs up) ... Hey, honey, what are you doing home?
13) 4) dialog: (stunned) What? (CONTINUED)
13) 7) dialog: You met someone?
13) 9) dialog: What does that mean -- "appropriate"?
13) 11) dialog: Stop acting, Katie. Look at me.
13) 13) dialog: I wonder if you even know anymore.
13) 15) dialog: (standing, angry) Fine -- you wanna go -- go on. Actresses are cheap in this town, darling, and I have a lot of money.
13) 17) dialog: No, this is exactly me! You come in here out of the blue and tell me you're leaving just like that -- and you have the nerve to expect graciousness?!
13) 19) dialog: A tense beat.
13) 22) dialog: Don't you ever talk down to me. You're a movie star. Nothing more. She looks at him. About to crumble. She will never let hi that. She turns and goes. He stands.
13) 23) text: 4:00 am. Howard stands at a bonfire raging in the backyar is tossing armfuls of clothes into it. Gorgeous suits and and shoes and hats go into the inferno. He finishes throwing the clothes into the fire. He watche the red flame bathing his face. Then he slowly slips off his jacket. Then shirt. Then everything.
13) 27) dialog: Hey, Noah, I need you to get over to the Penney's and buy me some new clothes.
13) 29) dialog: Oh, shit. All right, first thing tomorrow. I want two suits off the rack, one light and one dark. Three white shirts. And three white pairs of tennis shoes. Got that? No, wait, make it Woolworths. No, no, no, Penneys ~- (he stops, suddenly suspicious) -- Noah, do you have a recorder? Are you recording this conversation?! (CONTINUED)
13) 32) dialog: Okay, I'm trusting you. Listen, I need those clothes first thing, thanks -~- Wait! Wait! Wait! -- Did I say Penneys or Woolworth's?
13) 34) dialog: Better make it Sears. He hangs up. End split-screen. Noah hangs up. Sighs. Int __ MUIREIELD -- DEN __NIGHT Howard stands and watches his clothes burn. We watch his Alone. Abandoned. A lovely version of "Wrap Your Troubles in Dreams" begins
13) 37) text: Click~click-click. The click of high heels on cement. FAITH DOMERGUE walks across the empty plain of a warehous floor. The echoing warehouse appears to be vacant but for single chair with a strong light next to it. Howard sits in the chair, the bright light is focused on so she cannot really see him. He remains hidden behind th for the entire scene. We only watch her. Faith is a beautiful brunette. She tries to appear older her years, feigning a sophistication that is not natural her.
13) 38) dialog: You can stop there, if you please, Miss Domergue. (CONTINUED)
13) 40) dialog: Would you take off your heels, please? She slips out of her shoes. Holds them. (CONTINUED)
13) 42) dialog: Good. Would you turn around, please? She slowly turns, trying to do it like she saw Rita Haywo in a movie once.
13) 43) dialog: You know the kind of work it takes to be an actress? It takes hard work. Voice lessons and deportment lessons. And new makeup and wardrobe. It's just like going to school again. A beat.
13) 44) dialog: Would you wipe off your lipstick, please? She takes a handkerchief from her purse and wipes off her red lipstick. It smears a bit.
13) 45) dialog: And the rouge? Could you do something about that, please? She licks the handkerchief and attempts to clean off the Does okay. Without the makeup she is even more attractive herself anyway.
13) 46) dialog: Now you understand you'll be under contract to me, personally. You know what that means? You know what a contract is? It's a very serious thing. It's a legal document. She nods. A beat.
13) 47) dialog: How old are you, Miss Domergue?
13) 50) dialog: Holy mother of God. "Wrap Your Troubles in Dreams" takes us to...
13) 52) text: Howard is dancing with Faith. He wears his plain dark sui Sears. White shirt. White sneakers. To our surprise, perhaps, Howard is a very good dancer. They dance as we go to... A bit later. Howard and Faith sit in a corner booth with Frye and his wife, HELEN.
13) 57) dialog: (shakes hands) Good, thanks. This is Miss Domergue.
13) 61) dialog: Good. Great.
13) 63) dialog: (smiles) Don't think so.
13) 65) dialog: He's doing our interior design.
13) 68) dialog: Do you have buttons or zippers?
13) 70) dialog: On the drapes for the sleeping berths.
13) 72) dialog: Oh.
13) 74) dialog: Uh-huh. Trippe considers this. Faith is rather mystified at the seriousness of all this.
13) 80) dialog: Or across the Atlantic. Jack freezes. Trippe smiles.
13) 82) dialog: New York to Newfoundland to Ireland to Paris.
13) 84) dialog: Next year maybe. DC-4?
13) 86) dialog: I look forward to her.
13) 89) dialog: He can't stop us.
13) 92) dialog: Excuse me. He stands and makes his way through the club, deep in tho He goes into the men's room... The bathroom is empty. Howard moves to a sink, taking his bar of lye soap from his pocket. “He begins washing his hands. Scrubbing his hands. He looks into the mirror as he scours his hands. His hand more quickly now. A certain urgency to the washing. And t almost violence. He does not look down. His hands are raw now. His face almost passive as he look himself in the mirror. One of his hands is bleeding now. The lye stings him. He looks down. A little bit of blood. He stares at it. Surprised. He quickly rinses off his hands and puts the soap back in pocket. Dries his hands with a towel, dabbihg away the ti of blood. Then he goes to leave the bathroom. Reaches for the door- Stops. He stares at the doorknob. HOWARD'S POV -- EXTREME CLOSEUP -- the glistening gold do His hands are clean now. He can't touch the doorknob. Wha do? He looks around.
13) 93) dialog: Hello. No one else is in the bathroom. (CONTINUED)
13) 94) text: He looks at the doorknob again. Frustrated. Then an idea. He shifts his position. Ready. He waits. He along with the music from the club. Then a man sweeps into the bathroom. Howard nips out the door.
13) 96) dialog: All right, I want you to get in touch with Mr. Joyce and Mr. Berg. They're my boys in Washington. And set up a meeting with Jesse Jones, he's Secretary of Commerce, old golfing buddy—-
13) 98) dialog: We're gonna need terminals in Ireland and France and I want some tax breaks from them. If that shitheel thinks he owns the whole goddamn world he's got another think coming.
13) 100) dialog: (very firm) To hell with Mexico. No one airline should have a monopoly on flying the Atlantic. That's just not fair! Howard leans in. We have rarely seen him this intense.
13) 101) dialog: He owns Pan Am. He owns Congress. He owns the Civil Aeronautics Board. But he does not own the sky. Howard notes his hand is bleeding again. Just a spot of b He presses it to his pant leg to stop the bleeding.
13) 102) dialog: We're in a street fight with that sonofabitch and I am not going to lose. I been fighting high hat, Ivy League pricks like him my whole life. And listen, fire Ray Loewy. He's spying for Trippe. That shitheel knew all about the buttons. Spies in my midst. 'Scuse me. (CONTINUED)
13) 103) text: And Howard is up and gone, heading toward the bathroom ag As we hear an amplified voice:
14) 2) dialog: ++. and every bill comes to me. They don't pay for anything. Those men decide whether or not to fund the plane, so I need them real happy, do what it takes.
14) 4) dialog: What about the girls?
14) 8) dialog: Well, let's see her. Gorgeous starlets emerge and slowly pull back the red cur reveal... The Hercules. History will come to know it as The Spruce Goose. A huge silver model of the gigantic flying boat slowly re a glowing Art Deco sign flashing "The Hercules" behind it from the crowd. Flashbulbs. But Howard only has eyes for Corps delegation. Are they impressed? Will they pay? The Emcee leans into the microphone:
15) 0) text: Howard sits at his desk, slowly flipping through a series grainy black-and-white photos, shot through a telephoto l Surveillance photos. The photos show Kate with Spencer Tracy. They are on a bo photos range from cozily domestic to romantic to erotic. Pram +
15) 1) text: A large man sits across from Howard. He is a brooding Cub called JORGE, Howard's chief private investigator and enf A sinister presence more than a man, Jorge takes care of ugly little details. Howard completes flipping through the photos. Shuts his e long beat.
15) 2) dialog: Where did you get them?
15) 5) dialog: {not shaking) Roland. Sweet glances to the brooding Jorge. No introduction is m
15) 7) dialog: I want the pictures you have of Kate Hepburn and Spencer Tracy. All the negatives. And I want you to kill the story.
15) 9) dialog: I would take it as a personal favor if you wouldn't do that.
15) 13) dialog: I'm not going to kill you, Roland. Tt don't do that.
15) 14) dialog: How much?
15) 16) dialog: Now much?
15) 18) dialog: You ever cheat on your wife, Roland? ... You ever screw a colored girl? ... You ever steal anything? ... You ever hurt anyone?
15) 19) dialog: You ever go to a Communist party meeting, Roland? Sweet blinks. A beat.
15) 21) dialog: How much?
15) 24) dialog: 
15) 26) dialog: What do you think about Trans World Airways...? Taking us to...
15) 28) dialog: ... Transcontinental and Western just doesn't fit anymore. Now that we're going international we need a name that reflects that.
15) 30) dialog: TWA. Keep the same initials. That way we don't have to repaint the planes.
15) 34) dialog: I have something for you- He gets a white, cardboard box. Hands it to her. She is displeased.
15) 36) dialog: It's a present. Open it up. She opens the box. Inside is shredded newspaper. AVA. Oh. A box of trash. You shouldn't have.
15) 37) dialog: Keep looking. She frowns and sorts through the newspaper. Feels somethi pulls out a necklace. A stunning necklace of diamonds and gigantic sapphire. It is breathtaking.
15) 38) dialog: (eager) It's a Kashmiri sapphire, best in the world. I had my boys all over the damn globe looking for this.
15) 40) dialog: Because it matches your eyes. She drops the necklace back into the box, hands it to him
15) 42) dialog: For Christ sake, it's just a present--
15) 44) dialog: Jesus, Ava-~
15) 47) dialog: 20,000 dollars. She stops. Looks at him.
15) 49) dialog: A human being costs 20,000 dollars. Well, it might be more now.
15) 51) dialog: A few years ago. I was driving down Third. This man stepped out into the street. Or maybe I wasn't paying attention. I killed him with the car. It vost me 20,000 dollars to settle with his family. As I ssy, it might be more now. He stands there. Like a lost little boy. Int. CHEVY _ EVENING Howard is cruising with Ava in one of his hideous Chevys. dressed to kill, her mink stole around her shoulders.
15) 53) dialog: Hey, Ava, will you marry me?
15) 55) dialog: Why not?
15) 58) dialog: I can get a new shirt.
15) 60) dialog: Those are employees, I can't marry an employee, how would that look? Suddenly a car SLAMS into them -- into the passenger door Howard and Ava rock, not really injured, the Chevy stops the car that hit them backs up and drives into them again SLAM -- and again -- SLAM. Howard leaps out-- : : T iT FOLLOWING Faith is plowing into them, demolishing the front of her roadster. Demolishing the Chevy's passenger door. Howard runs toward her--
15) 61) dialog: Faith! What the hell--?! He jumps back as Faith plows into the Chevy one last time attempts to back up again but her roadster dies, steam hi from the engine.
15) 62) dialog: Goddammit -- what the hell is this?!
15) 64) dialog: We're going to dinner, now get cut of there--
15) 66) dialog: ‘Course I do, little baby, you just have to-- Faith bawls.
15) 81) dialog: How can they justify it? It's un-American. (CONTINUED)
15) 86) dialog: We're Trans World Airways -- give me a goddamn globe or a circle or something round for Christ sake! Howard climbs up the step unit toward Glenn, Jack followi he continues to Jack with singular intensity:
15) 87) dialog: All right, we gotta go public with this. I'll talk to Hearst and see what kinda press he can give me. But sooner or later it's gonna come down to a vote in the Senate. So we gotta get some Senators on our side -- see who's up for reelection and start making campaign contributions-——
15) 89) dialog: I don't want 'em bribed, I want 'em bought. And put a team of investigators on Senator Brewster. I need to know everything there is about that shitbag. Where he goes, what he says, and who he screws. Get into it. Right now, Jack.
15) 91) dialog: What do you need?
15) 93) text: Howard studies some blueprints, the bustling fuselage str out beyond him, seemingly forever, like a nightmare visio a Bosch painting. Howard makes some quick notes on the blueprints and then proceeds out of the fuselage as:
15) 94) dialog: Those others are fine but have Simon and Pete get back to me on the power coupling relays, we got redundant systems here ... And listen, we gotta take another look at the wheel~-
15) 96) dialog: It doesn't feel right.
15) 99) dialog: (trying out a wheel) I don't know, this one's pretty close... Howard stops, watching a CUSTODIAN sweeping up. Little du tornadoes around his broom. The Custodian is tall and unnaturally emaciated, long stringy hair and a beard. He looking at Howard evenly. It's a bit sinister. HOWARD'S POV -- EXTREME CLOSEUP -- the dust tornadoes swi into the air -- the Custodian's even gaze -- the broom se up more and more dust particles-—- Howard tears himself back to reality:
15) 100) dialog: That man sweeping up. Does he work for me? I mean, have you seen him before?
15) 103) dialog: Why is he looking at me?
15) 105) dialog: Fire him. And make sure they use damp brooms from now on. Respiratory diseases are expensive and I don't want a bunch of damn lawsuits...
15) 107) dialog: No, I wanna see the blueprints again--
15) 109) dialog: It's all gotta be right -- it's got to feel right.
15) 111) dialog: (calming) Odie, take it easy ... I understand you're under a lot of pressure, but it's gonna do me no good if you crack up on me. Take a couple hours off... His eyes dart to the Custodian again. The same even gaze Howard.
15) 112) dialog: --. Relax a little bit, take some time off. See your wife. Just be sure to show me all the blueprints. Show me all the blueprints. Show me all the blueprints. Show me all the blueprints...
15) 114) dialog: ++. Show me all the blueprints. Show me all the blueprints. Show me all the blueprints... Howard's face. A terrible flash of fear in his eyes. It has finally happened. He is going mad, And he knows it. He can't stop himself.
15) 115) dialog: +++ Show me all the blueprints. Show me all the blueprints. Show me all the blueprints...
15) 117) dialog: +». Show me all the blueprints. Show me all the blueprints. Show me all the blueprints... Howard, still repeating neurotically, backs away from Gle hurries out of the hanger. INT. HOWARD'S CAR ~-— HUGHES ATRCRAFT _ NIGHT Howard sits in his car, his hands clamped over his mouth. He refuses to remove them, terrified of what might come o see the panic in his eyes. Finally he closes his eyes and prepares himself. He slowly removes his hands. Silence. He opens his eyes. Prepares himself again, and d speak:
15) 118) dialog: Quarantine. Q-U-A-R-A-N-T-I-N-E. Quarantine. He has done it. Not mad. Not yet.
16) 1) text: It is the first time we have seen the great plane outdoor is the first time anyone has seen her outdoors. Her inaug flight. Like a great panther waiting to pounce, she sits on the e runway. We can feel her coiled muscles, her power. Her un twin rear booms soar out behind her with feline grace, li Sleek Art Deco hood ornament. Howard once called her "the most beautiful plane ever bui was not wrong. Title: July 7, 1946. Inaugural flight of the XF-11.
16) 3) dialog: Odie, you reading me okay?
16) 5) dialog: Starting ignition sequence. He throws a series of toggles and presses ignition. The e begin to hum. The propellers begin to spin. He watches th through the plexiglass bubble dome of the cockpit. He takes the wheel gently, manipulates the plane's contro efficiently preparing the plane.
16) 7) text: Howard gently caresses the foot pedals, hand levers and w Outside, the mighty XF-11 begins to roll. Inside, smooth as silk. Stasis and calm as the world slow rolls by outside.
16) 8) dialog: She's goddamn spotless, Odie! No wiggle on the wheel or throttles.
16) 10) dialog: Preparing for starboard turn 1-8-0. He elegantly swings the plane around. Clean. The long run stretches out before him.
16) 12) dialog: She's whispering to me,. buddy.
16) 14) dialog: Well, Odie, she can fly, congratulations.
16) 16) dialog: Retracting landing gear and climbing to 5,000 feet at a heading of due West 4-5. He switches the landing gear lever and climbs. (CONTINUED)
16) 18) dialog: Jesus, she's fast!
16) 20) dialog: 
16) 23) dialog: No ... goddamn ... way. He pulls back on the wheel and the XF-11 streaks through sky. And is lost in the clouds. An eternal moment as Howard soars. His dream. The world b him, the heavens before him. Airborne. Clean. Free. The glorious XF-11 responds to his every tiny cue, meltin his commands like butter. The insane power of the H-1 has replaced with a serene calm. An hour and forty five minutes later...
16) 26) dialog: Gimme ten more minutes.
16) 28) dialog: Okay, setting course for-- And then it happens.
16) 30) dialog: Christ--!
16) 32) dialog: The right wing just dipped -- Jesus Christ -- (he fights with the controls) -- I'm losing starboard engine. The XF-11 begins to list dangerously to the right, losing altitude.
16) 33) dialog: Increasing power to 2,800 rpm -- (no good) ~- cutting back -- increasing starboard engine power only -- (no good) -- cutting back. I'm losing altitude.
16) 35) dialog: (confused) Lights are green. The XF-11 continues to soar down, tilting to the right.
16) 37) dialog: Hold on. He quickly releases his safety harness, stands forward in listing cockpit to see -~- the plane swerves to the right Howard scrambles to hold on -- fighting with the wheel -- back down. Does not refasten his harness.
16) 38) dialog: Looks like they are, Odie -- but she's pulling me back and starboard.
16) 40) text: The XF-11 is losing altitude quickly. Soaring toward the The altimeter arrow floats down past 3,500 feet ... 3,000 feet... Howard jams his feet on the pedals, fights with the wheel
16) 41) dialog: I'm at full left rudder and full left aileron but she won't stay level-- The altimeter: 2,500 feet ... 2,000 feet...
16) 44) dialog: We're going down -- I'm gonna try for the Wilshire Country Club ninth hole. Oughta to be wide enough. You read me, Odie?
16) 46) dialog: I‘m not going to make it, buddy. The houses of Beverly Hills are zooming up at him-- At the very last moment he prepares himself for impact by throwing himself back and thrusting his feet forward -- s them onto the panels ahead of him as -- (CONTINUED)
16) 48) text: The Most Beautiful Plane In The World siashes through a r Slicing it off like a cake-~ Howard's whole body snaps forward-- The right wing smashes into a corner of another house, ex and tearing through a second floor bedroom in a ball of f Howard's face smashes into the plexiglass cockpit dome, s of plexiglass and metal slicing into him-- The remainder of the right wing tears through the corner another house, demolishing it, and suddenly sending the p a ferocious roll, end-over-end-- Howard slams around the demolished cockpit-- The plane bounces and rolls violently -- severing a utili ~- crashing through an alley-- Howard is thrown violently around the cockpit, slamming f control panel to seat to plexiglass dome-- The plane disintegrates into four flaming sections as it through the alley-- Flames explode around Howard in the fuselage-- The fuselage finally SLAMS to a stop in the alley-- Howard careens forward into the nose of the fuselage, his grotesquely mangled~- But conscious. Blood pours from his face -- flame rages around him -- fu oil everywhere -- his right hand catches fire -- he furio tries to extinguish it by beating it on the sleeve of his His jacket catches fire-- Still burning, he tries to pull himself up from the nose fuselage -- but his left foot is trapped in a chaos of tw metal-- He pulls at his trapped left leg -- finally wrenches his free -- shattering his left ankle -- he claws and hauls h up in the fuselage~-- (CONTINUED )
16) 54) dialog: I'm Howard Hughes. The aviator. Then-- A PHOTOGRAPHER appears and flashes a picture -- FOOSH ~- writhes in agony, screaming -- He is captured in the harsh white explosion of the flashb Dying.
16) 56) text: There has never been a death watch like this one. The corridor outside Howard's room is filled. Jack Frye s with his head down. Errol Flynn leans against a wall, cha with Johnny Meyer. Glenn Odekirk sits with several of his engineers, furiously arguing over XF-11 blueprints. Ava s wearing dark glasses, pretending to read a magazine. Noah is standing in a secluded corner with a DOCTOR:
16) 67) dialog: Orange juice...
17) 2) dialog: .-. not fresh from the kitchen... A CHEF stands in a corner of the room preparing orange ju Howard, slicing oranges and squeezing them.
17) 3) text: Make ‘em squeeze it here ... so I can see... We note that even in his weakened state, Howard's voice i strangely louder now. His flat, Texan deaf-man's twang mo pronounced. The accident has destroyed his already flawed hearing.
17) 4) dialog: «.. Orange juice has ... nutritional value ... Flies outside the window, though ... everyone likes citrus ... don't they just? His bloodshot eye settles on Glenn:
17) 5) dialog: Tell me.
17) 8) dialog: How far ... from finishing?
17) 10) dialog: No ... in money.
17) 13) dialog: Build it. Glenn and Noah exchange a glance.
17) 15) dialog: Juan Trippe sent me flowers.
17) 17) dialog: Had them taken out ... They attract aphids ... Aphids are awful things ... But I wanted to see these ones every day. The chef brings a glass of orange juice to Howard's mouth carefully inserting the straw through the hole in the ban by his lips. Howard sucks through the straw as'he glares flowers.
17) 20) dialog: How long can they keep us grounded?
17) 23) dialog: When we go international, we'll make it up.
17) 28) dialog: Go see Thomas Parkinson at the Equitable in New York. Get a loan against all the TWA equipment and capital. Use the planes as collateral. (MORE )
17) 30) dialog: Hell, use the desks, and the pens and every damn thing we got. Try to get me 40 million.
17) 32) dialog: Then Juan Trippe buys us cheap. NT. VA! STON -— Ni 00! DAY Ava is raging. And few human beings can rage like Ava Gar Howard, still standing unsteadily with his cane, watches stalks dangerously around her living room -- brandishing covert microphone and wires she has ripped from a wall--
17) 36) dialog: Honey, listen to me--
17) 38) dialog: I'm concerned about you, baby, I just wanna make sure you're okay-- She goes to a window, tears open the drapes--
17) 40) dialog: It's there for your protection!
17) 42) dialog: (implores) Look, I'm sorry, Ava, listen to me, I'll have them take all the bugs out. You just have to understand that ... that I need to know where you are.
17) 45) dialog: Because I worry about you.
17) 48) dialog: There's more.
17) 50) dialog: Maybe ... twelve. And on the telephones. She looks at him. Shocked and saddened in equal measure.
17) 52) dialog: Oh no, honey ... I just read the transcripts. She looks at him. Then very carefully picks up a large, marble ashtray. She flings it at his head, he tries to duck but the ashtr slams into his forehead. Blood.
17) 56) dialog: Take out all the bugs .. except for the one on the bedroom phone.
18) 0) text: And the assault begins. Increasing pressure on Howard: He stands, extremely tense, on the verge of trauma. His d being invaded. Total blitzkrieg as his inner sanctum is d A dozen FBI AGENTS and SENATE INVESTIGATORS are rifling t his files. He watches as the agents touch his belongings move things out of the way. One sits at his desk. They ar taking pictures of everything. The following scenes are intercut with lurid color photos like the covers of old pulp novels. They are tawdry and sensational. LURID PHOTO #1: HOTEL ROOM. Howard caught in bed with a s - as if the photographer kicked in the door and flashed a picture-—
18) 4) text: Pressure. Howard watches through a window as more agents through his garbage. They haul things away and flash phot LURID PHOTO #3: MUIRFIELD. Howard seducing a starlet -~ t photo shot through the window. Int MUIRFIELD —- DEN - DAY Pressure. Howard flipping through aviation blueprints, increasingly frenzied -- he can't tell the planes epart a ~- they ebb and flow bizarrely in his mind -- he finally the blueprints in the air-- LURID PHOTO #4: STREET. Jorge smashing a tabloid photogra camera -- Howard trying to restrain him -- a flurry of vi
18) 7) dialog: ... This is the tenth goddamn time they've been here! Noah, you gotta help -- they are touching things, you know what that means?! HOWARD'S POV -~- EXTREME CLOSEUP -- the FBI Agents touchi things -- their fingertips -- their shoes trampling acros floor -- one agent is smoking, an ash falls to the carpet Howard just can't bear watching the invasion a moment lon drops the phone and hurries away. The phone hangs at the end of the cord.
18) 10) text: Puts a thumb print on it. Clearly visible as he holds it light. Smiles. Sets the water glass down. A buzz from the front door. Brewster walks through the apartment, meets Howard being escorted in by a MAID. Howard wears his dark suit. White No tie. White sneakers. Howard is making a superhuman effort to appear "normal."
18) 12) dialog: Owen, nice to see you again.
18) 14) dialog: Really lovely room ... (checks the panoramic view from the window) ... View, too. That's nice.
18) 16) dialog: I appreciate that, Owen. A beat.
18) 18) dialog: You're coming on pretty strong for it.
18) 20) dialog: You think it's fair for one airline to have a monopoly on international travel?
18) 23) dialog: Now that's just beautiful. What is that, a yak? Some kinda yak?
18) 25) dialog: A llama, sonofagun, a real llama. In Peru?
18) 29) dialog: Did you actually see any llamas?
18) 31) dialog: Hell of an interesting animal. Gotta read up on those. How do you spell it? Like Fernando Lamas? Brewster ushers him into the dining room. Points him to a
18) 33) text: The plates are filled with Brook Trout and heaps of aspar and Brussel sprouts. The trout is served with the head on glassy eye stares up at Howard.
18) 35) dialog: Love it, thanks. Brewster is disappointed. Howard forces himself to dig in maid pours water into their glasses. Howard has the glass Brewster smudged with his thumb print before.
18) 37) dialog: Thanks. Brewster is disappointed that his childish game of psycho warfare is failing so miserably.
18) 39) dialog: That's very kind of you, Owen.
18) 41) dialog: Would you now? Howard's sang froid is rather angering Brewster. A beat.
18) 43) dialog: What do you want?
18) 46) dialog: I can't do that, Owen. The C.A.B. would kill TWA.
18) 48) dialog: And then you won't go public?
18) 50) dialog: You know I'm still wondering one thing...
18) 52) dialog: That picture of the llama you got last year. Where'd you sail from?
18) 54) dialog: Oh. Brewster stares at him. Howard returns the stare evenly. his voice low and cold:
18) 55) dialog: You sure you wanna do this, Owen? You wanna go to war with me?
18) 58) dialog: Listen, tell Juan Trippe something for me ... Thank you for the flowers. And he can kiss my ass. He goes. Brewster glowers. INT MAYFLOWER HOTEL -—- CORRIDOR DAY Howard moves down the corridor, away from Brewster's apar He rounds a corner, where he has left his cane, and almos instantly deflates. He leans against a wall, shaking dangerously, panting for breath. The effort of appearing "normal" for Brewster has totally exhausted him. He can't control the tremors in his body. He finally impl sinking down the wall. Then we hear Howard's voice, whispering:
18) 59) dialog: Someone tell me where I sleep... Taking us to...
19) 1) dialog: Someone tell me where I sleep... And we see him. He removes his shirt as he speaks and ran around the screening room.
19) 2) dialog: ... I-sleep-in-this-room/In-the-dark-in-this-room/I- have-a-place-that-I-sleep/Someone-tell-me-where-I- sleep/Will-someone-please~just-tell-me... He drops his shirt as he wanders, more slowly now, like a toy running down. He notes the desert scenery being proje (CONTINUED)
19) 4) dialog: --.I-like-the-desert/Hot-there-in-the~desert /But- clean/Good clouds ... Real fine ... clouds ... Jesus ... I need to ... Will someone ... please... The windup toy is done. Howard just stands there. Frozen.
19) 5) dialog: I need to Sleep .... No. No. No. ..I should drink something first. He. stands looking at a neat collection of milk bottles a the room. He mimes the action with his hands slowly as he describes it. He is unaware his hands are moving.
19) 6) dialog: I'll walk over there and pick up a bottle of milk with my ... right hand ... and I'll take off the top with my .-. left hand ... with two fingers ... of my left hand .. I'll take off the top and put it in my pocket ... my left pocket His hands stop moving. He looks at the bottles of milk. H not move.
19) 7) dialog: How long has it been here? It might be bad ... (he begins miming the action again, with exactly the same gestures he used a moment before) ... So if the miik is bad I shouldn't walk over there ... and pick up the bottle of milk with my ... right hand ...and take off the top with my ... left hand... His mental loop is broken when the red light above the sc room door begins to flash. Someone is outside. He goes to the door. He talks through the door, waging a terrible battle to sound sane.
19) 8) dialog: Who is it? Split-screen to: Kate Hepburn, outside the screening room.
19) 13) dialog: I can't.
19) 15) dialog: (tormented) I can't. A beat.
19) 19) dialog: I haven't shaved.
19) 21) dialog: I can hear you ... I could always hear you. Even in the cockpit, with the engines...
19) 24) dialog: You love him.
19) 26) dialog: I'm glad for you, Kate ... Katie. Howard proceeds with great difficulty:
19) 27) dialog: Go away now. Would you do that?
19) 29) dialog: Go away, just for now, I'll see you soon. We'll go flying.
19) 31) text: On her half of the split-screen we see her walking away a Howard sinks to the floor. He holds his knees and rocks l feral child. Inarticulate moans coming from deep within h She disappears around a corner, the hallway is empty. How alone. End Split-screen. And Howard's journey into hell begins. He never leaves the screening room. For months.
19) 33) dialog: Memo to All Staff ... There has been some confusion on the topic of my lunch. I will clarify. The employee delivering my lunch is to use no less than four Kleenex brand tissues to carry the bag into the screening room. He is to open the bag with his right hand and then hold the bag out to me at a forty five degree angle so I may reach into the .bag without touching the paper. . Another memo is heard as the first continues...
19) 34) dialog: ...it doesn't take a genius to read a blueprint. Note the hydraulics for the right aileron shown on print number 2,187-B, it is out of alignment by almost an eighth of an inch. This lack of attention to detail is unacceptable... (CONTINUED)
19) 37) dialog: ++. You must understand this is the most important thing in my life. When the milk bottles are delivered to the screening room, the employee with the bottles must wear a white shirt and no jacket. His cuffs must be completely buttoned and he must not wear a watch or jewelry or cologne of any kind. He must use no less than fifty Kleenex brand tissues to form a paddle. He will then use this Kleenex paddle to press the door light button... We: see mountains of discarded Kleenex. And boxes of Klee stacked in strange, geometric patterns. We see hundreds a hundreds of starlet headshots, haphazardly piled in chair Another memo is heard as. the others continue... HOWARD’ (V.O.) © (CONT'D) -.-- I would like to remind the TWA board of directors that I own 78 percent of the airline, and the Finance Committee's recommendation to raise 20 million dollars in capitalization through the sale of common stock is contrary to my intentions at this time... We see reels of movie film, some unspooled, the film stre around the room like celluloid tendons. We see his clothe discarded. The "milk bottle" memo is heard again as the others conti
19) 38) dialog: ... The employee with the milk bottles must press the button seven times exactly. When he has heard me repeat the words "Come in with the milk" ten times, with no variation, "Come in with the milk", ten times, he must then use his left hand to open the door and enter. He must not to look at me. He is to set the milk bottles down directly inside the door to the right, three feet away from the door. He is to use his left hand only... We return to the ants, slowly creeping across the plate o cookies. Tenacious. Omnivorous. Unstoppable. As all the memos, and hundreds more, now join together fo versions of the final, all-important instruction: (CONTINUED)
19) 40) dialog: -.. If there is any variation of these instructions, even to the smallest degree, the entire process must be repeated from the beginning ... repeated from the beginning ... repeated from the beginning.. And we finally see Howard. He stands, naked. He stands in front of the screen. Silent images from HELL ANGELS are being projected. A dogfight scene. The planes and-soar over his naked body. The only sane order in this hellish place seems to be a n of empty milk bottles against one wall. : Howard slowly backs away from the screen. His whole psych concentrating on a series of sounds ... syllables ... let ... fighting to find order in chaos. It is painfully emot Every correct letter is a huge victory, every incorrect l is a crushing defeat. :
19) 41) dialog: 
19) 43) dialog: 
19) 45) dialog: 
19) 47) dialog: 
19) 49) dialog: -A...R...N...7... Bee. Ewe. De. Nee. (CONTINUED)
19) 51) dialog: Hello ... ? Split-screen to: A rather mystified Juan Trippe outside the screening room A chair has been placed in the hallway. Noah waits down t hall.
19) 53) dialog: Oh, Juan, right, right. We had an appointment, I remember that -- Listen I got a hell of a cold here. Why don't you sit down out there? Don't wanna get you sick. Never forgive myself if I got you sick. You don't wanna get sick-- Howard clamps a hand over his mouth, fighting with himsel Outside, Trippe sits.
19) 55) dialog: Come on, come on, come on, come on -- we both know I'm not going to sell TWA. You couldn't afford her anyway. Our domestic routes alone are worth more than twice Pan Am.
19) 57) dialog: I mean you have no domestic routes. You get TWA and you span the globe -- I'm not gonna sell, and you know I'm not going to sell -- Here's the point: Owen Brewster works for you. Outside, Trippe prepares his pipe. (CONTINUED)
19) 60) dialog: If I appear at his hearings, it might get nasty for a} of us.
19) 62) dialog: Now that's just not fair. The XF-11 flew quite well f an hour and forty five minutes. I wish you’d been up there with me. It was very exciting. oward smiles gleefully. Take that, you sonofabitch. Then otices a wisp of smoke from Trippe's pipe coming under th oor. It is noxious, lethal. Howard backs away from. the d
19) 64) dialog: (calling from across the room) It's called the Hercules -~ and it'll fly goddammit!
19) 66) dialog: (calling from across the room) I won't sell TWA! utside, Howard's distress is all too apparent to Trippe.
19) 71) dialog: You seem to have me in a corner, buddy. Not a position in which I'm very comfortable.
19) 74) dialog: Thanks for your concern. I find that very moving ... It's been a real pleasure, Juan. Noah will take you back to the airport. Fly safe. Outside, Trippe stands.
19) 76) dialog: I certainly will. Bye bye. He thrusts his ear to the door, listening. Making sure Tr gone. He hears Trippe and Noah moving away. End split-screen. Howard leans against the door, panting. The exertion of t with Trippe has absolutely éxhausted him. (CONTINUED)
19) 80) text: He'll get a subpoena in three days to appear in Washington. Noah does not respond, but the pain to him of Howard's ma is clear in his eyes. They move away and we remain in the hallway-- (CONTINUED)
19) 81) text: TIME LAPSE. Days and nights pass. Employees appear and disappear. Finally... iT. 7000 ROMAINE -- CORRIDOR NIGHT The door to the screening room opens slightly. Howard pee A few employees move about in the corridor. He carefully steps from the screening room, standing in t doorway, not quite ready to leave his sanctuary. He has p some clothes. A FEMALE SECRETARY stops when she sees Howard. She is abs amazed, no one has actually seen Howard for months. She is a bit frightened at his appearance.
19) 83) dialog: (a whisper) I don't have any shoes. Can you get me some shoes?
19) 86) dialog: You can come in. He nervously looks past her as she enters. He shuts the d behind her and locks it.
19) 88) dialog: Thanks for coming.
19) 92) dialog: No, wait, wait, wait -- you can't move -- you're safe here. You're in the germ free zone now, you understand? Ava glances down, notes this area of the entry hall is ma off by a square of black electrical tape on the floor.
19) 94) dialog: No, no, honey, please... Howard follows nervously as she strides through the airle darkened house to the living room. She notes all the wind taped shut with black electrical tape. Even more, she cannot help noticing the mountains of Klee discarded everywhere on the floor.
19) 102) dialog: A week. No, just under a week. I don’t know the date today. But I have to be ... I have to be...
19) 106) dialog: I see things.
19) 109) dialog: Does it look clean to you?
19) 112) dialog: Don't go anywhere.
20) 0) text: Howard stands unsteadily before a mirror, as presentable can make him. Clean, hair slicked down, nails cut, new su
20) 2) dialog: I look all right...
20) 4) dialog: Will you marry me?
20) 8) dialog: Okay ... Thanks. She kisses him gently.
20) 11) text: The lights are so powerful that many of the reporters put sunglasses. It is a surreal image as the reporters don th sunglasses and the cold eye of the TV camera gazes at How Howard looks almost robotic, flattened, unfocused. Brewster knows he is going to slaughter him. He bangs a g for order.
20) 14) dialog: I do- He sits.
20) 20) dialog: You know, I'm gonna attempt to be, um, honest here... A beat. Noah is terrified of what Howard is going to say. focuses, glaring at Brewster.
20) 21) dialog: Senator Brewster, if you hadn't gone too far overboard, I might have been willing to take a certain shellacking in this publicity spree of yours. I might have been willing to sit back and take a certain amount of abuse simply because I am only a private citizen while you are a Senator with all sorts of powers -- But I think this goddamn circus has gone on long enough-- Brewster bangs his gavel--
20) 23) dialog: (angry) . . You have called me a liar, sir. In the press. You have called me a liar and a thief and a war profiteer--
20) 25) dialog: Why not tell truth for once, Senator? Why not tell that this investigation was really born on the day that TWA first decided to fly to Europe? On the day when TWA first invaded Juan Trippe's territory. On the day when TWA first challenged the generally accepted theory that only Juan Trippe's great Pan American Airways had the sacred right to fly the Atlantic! The bombshell explodes. The spectators love seeing Howard America's Aviation Hero, defending himself. The photograp flash pictures. Brewster bangs his gavel to no avail. Howard continues to stand. We sweep across the approving spectators and then sweep b the next day...
20) 26) text: Howard is sitting, leaning an elbow on the table, holding amplifier earpiece to his ear to hear Brewster. focused. Completely (CONTINUED)
20) 28) dialog: - and on February 12th of this year, in your suite at the Mayflower Hotel, did you or did you not tell me that if I would sell TWA to Pan Am this investigation would be called off?
20) 30) dialog: How long have you known Juan Trippe?
20) 32) dialog: Is it not true, Senator Brewster, that Juan Trippe donated 20,000 dollars to your last campaign and--?
20) 35) dialog: Is it not true that you accept free tickets from Pan Am so you can circle the globe in support of your C.A.B. bill?
20) 37) dialog: Who wrote that bill, Senator?
20) 39) dialog: Who actually wrote the C.A.B. bill? The actual words in the bill. Did you write them, Senator?
20) 41) dialog: I have it here, maybe that will refresh your memory ... (Noah hands him a copy of the thick bill) ... Here we go. Bill S. 987 to amend the Civil Aeronautics Act. You introduced this bill into the Senate. Lotta words. You write all of them? Brewster sputters.
20) 42) dialog: You write any of them?
20) 44) dialog: This entire bill was written by Pan Am executives and designed to give that airline a monopoly on international travel! And you've been flogging this bill on their behalf all around the world, have you not?!
20) 46) dialog: What in hell does a Senator from Maine need to visit Peru for?
20) 49) dialog: They buy a lot of lobsters down there, do they?
20) 52) dialog: How many times have you been to Mr. Trippe's office in New York in the last three months? ... (Brewster stops cold) ... Would you like me to tell you, Senator?
20) 54) dialog: Well, I'm sure his stockholders will be happy to hear that. Chuckles from the spectators. We sweep over the spectators and sweep back to the next d Howard is leaning back, holding the amplifier earpiece to ear. Noah is exhausted, the days of grueling testimony ta toll. Howard is completely on top of his game. The chamber is silent, the reporters and spectators strai catch every word. This is really it. Title: Day Three.
20) 56) dialog: I did. BREWSTER . How many functional planes were delivered to the United States Air Force?
20) 57) dialog: None. . “ (CONTINUED)
20) 60) dialog: (leaning in) None.
20) 62) dialog: I did.
20) 64) dialog: I did not.
20) 66) dialog: That is correct. Brewster thinks he has him. But can't help pushing the da a bit.
20) 68) dialog: It went into the planes. And a lot more.
20) 70) dialog: I mean my money, sir. Brewster is immediately alarmed, realizes he has stumbled He has given Howard the opening he has been waiting for.
20) 75) dialog: (very quietly) You see the thing is I care very much about aviation. It's been the great joy of my life. So I put my own money into these planes ... I've lost millions, Mr. Chairman. And I'll go on losing millions. It's just what I do. The chamber is silent. Hanging on every word.
20) 76) dialog: And if I lost a lot of the government's money during the war, I hope folks will put that in perspective ... More than 60 other airplanes ordered from such firms as Boeing and Lockheed and Douglas and Northrop never saw action either. In all, more than 800 million dollars was spent during the war on planes that never flew. More than 6 billion on other weapons that were never delivered. A beat. The coup de grace:
20) 77) dialog: And yet Hughes Aircraft ~- with her 56 million -- is the only firm under investigation here today. A tremor through the chamber.
20) 78) dialog: I can't help but think that has a little more to do with TWA than with planes that didn't fly. Brewster slumps.
20) 79) dialog: I have only one more thing to say to this committee, and that's about the Hercules ... Now, I'm supposed to be many things which are not complimentary. I am supposed to be capricious. I have been called @ playboy. I have even been called an eccentric. But I do not believe I have the reputation of being a liar ... I put the sweat of my life into this thing. My reputation is wrapped up an it. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
20) 81) dialog: So believe me when I say that if the Hercules fails to fly, I will leave the country and I will not return. And I mean it. Then Howard slowly stands. (CONTINITED)
20) 83) dialog: Now, Mr. Chairman ... you can subpoena me, you can arrest me, you can claim I've taken a run-out powder but I've had enough of this nonsense. Good afternoon. He turns and begins walking out. Noah is stunned. The spe heartily approve. A smattering of applause. Brewster sinks in his chair. It's over. Howard has won. Howard continues to walk out of the chamber as the crowd applauds. This image is exactly mirrored in...
20) 93) dialog: Come up front, Professor... Professor Fitz walks with Howard and Glenn to the forward stations. Glenn straps himself into the co-pilot's seat, switches on his units. Howard settles into the pilot's seat as Professor Fitz ne glances out one of the forward windows. The choppy waves harbor are very far below.
20) 94) dialog: Why don't you strap yourself in right over there -- (points to an auxiliary engineer's station) -- should be able to see great. Professor Fitz does so, struggling a bit with the restrai harness. Howard makes a quick visual check of the complex instrume panel before him. It is a beautiful anarchy of dials, instruments and gauges. A series of four throttle levers right and an elegantly designed wheel ahead of him. baAawmrrien)
20) 96) dialog: Okay, Odie, let's power her up. They flip various switches and the plane's eight propelle slowly begin to spin. An echoing, distant thrum from the props.
20) 97) dialog: Advancing master throttles.
20) 100) dialog: Understood. Lower fifteen degrees of flaps.
20) 104) dialog: Throttling back for starboard turn 1-8-0.
20) 106) dialog: How does she sound, Odie?
20) 108) dialog: Professor, would you do me a favor? Would you look out that window there and tell me what the wind's doing? Professor Fitz peers out the window, trying to gauge the His eyes dart from the waves below to a bird flying above anything to give him a sense of speed and direction.
20) 110) dialog: Would you call that a tailwind, Professor? Professor Fitz looks at him.
20) 112) text: Howard glances to Glenn. Pokes his lucky fedora a little on his head.
20) 113) dialog: Advancing master throttles.
20) 115) dialog: Lemme hear it, Odie.
21) 0) text: The mighty Hercules is back in her berth. She overlooks a celebration party. Mobs of friends and we wishers. Johnny Meyer is talking with Ava. Jack Frye is conferring happily with TWA executives. Howard stands with an arm around Professor Fitz, shaking and reliving the flight.
21) 1) dialog: -+- Hell, I don't deserve the credit. All goes to Professor Fitz here, he made the wind blow right. Couldn't have done it without him ... Excuse me. Howard sees Noah across the room. Goes to him.
21) 4) dialog: Thanks. Now listen, I've been thinking about something. Something new -- now get ready: .jet airplanes. You know anything about jets?
21) 6) dialog: Oh, it will be. I'll call you later. He strides off. Noah watches him go, smiles. More adventu Howard snatches Ava away from Johnny Meyer:
21) 7) dialog: Excuse us, Johnny ... (he walks with her) ... Feel like going to Paris?
21) 9) dialog: Couple months. TWA's starting up flights to Europe. Thought I might pilot the first one myself. Oughta be some fun.
21) 11) dialog: I'll buy you anything you want.
21) 13) dialog: Dinner then. We got a date?
21) 15) dialog: I'll be back in a second. Don't go anywhere.
21) 18) dialog: You want me to? He gives her a quick wink and goes toward Glenn. She watc go, smiles. Howard catches up with Glenn, walks with him.
21) 19) dialog: Odie, I want to get started on jet technology. What do you know about it?
21) 21) dialog: We need to start thinking about using that technology on commercial airliners. Now, Lockheed worked on the F- 80. Let's get Bob Gross on the phone and see if he can help us out.
21) 23) dialog: "Course now. We gotta get into it. Jets are gonna be the way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future... Glenn's face. Not wanting to believe.
21) 24) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future... Howard's face. Panic. Fear. He is defenseless. It's finished.
21) 25) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future... Glenn quickly takes Howard's arm and pulls him through th party.
21) 26) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future...
21) 28) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future... Glenn quickly checks a bathroom, empty. Gently pushes How inside as Howard continues to repeat.
21) 30) dialog: (nods) The way of the future. The way of the future... Glenn shuts the bathroom door and hurries away.
22) 0) text: Howard stands in the filthy hanger bathroom, looking arou
22) 1) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future... He goes to a filthy sink. Reaches out to wash his hands-- HOWARD'S POV -- EXTREME CLOSEUP -- the sink. It really is this time. A foul, stained cauldron. Howard stops. Hands suspended in midair.
22) 2) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future... He looks up at himself in the dingy mirror over the sink.
22) 3) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future. The way of the future... He sees his face in the mirror, and then the image change IN THE MIRROR: A long, dark corridor...
22) 5) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future... We are inexorably moving toward the one open doorway at t of the hall. As we reach the door we fade to...
22) 7) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future... We see a single reclining chair in front of the TV. A sha figure sits in the chair. On the TV, the newsreel footage of Howard after the Hercu flight:
22) 8) dialog: Well, I'd say the airplane seems to be fairly successful. Ladies and gentlemen, you're looking at the way of the future... We finally see the figure is sitting in the chair. We don really see him well but get a sense ... a haunting sense a thin, tall man wrapped in the robe. A beard and long ha We see shadows and images; contours and details illuminat the flickering TV light. It is Howard. 63 years old. Watching himself on TV.
23) 0) text: Howard stands, looking at himself in the mirror.
23) 2) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future... In his eyes, he sees it all. His future. Already written. That future is the price he will have to pay for his triu Icarus into the sun. Prometheus on the rock. Is the price too high? In Howard's eyes, we get our answer. His answer. We see a strange sort of acceptance. Of triumph. Maybe even peace.
23) 3) dialog: The way of the future. The way of the future... Fade to black. The End.