6) 34) text: He runs his hand along the entire fuselage of the almost complete plane. Glenn and his team of engineers and mecha wait nervously, watching Howard's hand. Howard continues to move along the fuselage, his fingerti feeling the plane. Sensual. Then his fingertips undulate line of rivets on the fuselage. He doesn't like that. JACK FRYE follows Howard as he inspects the plane. Jack, 30's, is a landmark figure in commercial aviation. former WWI ace and barnstormer. His sweet, round face dis his passionate commitment to his cause. For he is also... Title: Jack Frye. President of TWA Airlines.
6) 35) dialog: ++. now we got a fleet of DC-3's. But they're completely underpowered for our routes. We got the long routes straight across the damn country, right? So I figure we ‘gotta get into the design racket. Howard completes his inspection, turns to Glenn and his engineers:
6) 37) dialog: So anyway, we're looking to build a new plane.
6) 39) dialog: Okay. The DC-3 has 21 daytime seats and 14 overnight berths. It has a ceiling of 7000 feet--
6) 43) dialog: Less turbulence.
6) 45) dialog: Jesus...
6) 48) dialog: I.don't know. They're tight bastards.
6) 50) dialog: Not great.
6) 52) dialog: 
6) 55) dialog: Around eight dollars a share. Howard considers.
6) 59) dialog: Do what?
6) 61) dialog: You wanna buy the airline?
6) 63) dialog: Call it 15 million. Howard whistles.
6) 65) dialog: Howard -- hold on -- are you sure? You wanna maybe think about it for five minutes?
10) 37) text: Howard goes to a row of shining sinks. He reaches into hi jacket pocket and removes a small cake of lye soap. Caref unwraps it. Then begins to wash his hands. A toilet flushes in a stall behind him. He glances back i mirror. An unusual amount of movement inside the stall. H continues to look in the mirror as he washes his hands, c Then the stall door opens and a man lurches out of the st awkwardly. He is on arm crutches. Polio. Howard watches as the man jerks his way across the room, nearing the sink next to him. Howard is trapped.
12) 12) dialog: Beautiful... Howard turns, Jack Frye has just entered the hanger with GROSS, the dignified President of Lockheed. They are gazi the new plane, dazzled. Howard goes to them, cleaning his hands on a rag.
12) 26) dialog: Non-stop. Howard continues to look at them. 3,000 miles. The sacred number. Then he looks more closely at Gross.
12) 39) dialog: That'll give us about two years exclusivity with her.
12) 41) dialog: Two years ahead of Juan Trippe then. Howard considers. Finally turns back to them.
12) 46) dialog: Merry Christmas.
13) 23) text: 4:00 am. Howard stands at a bonfire raging in the backyar is tossing armfuls of clothes into it. Gorgeous suits and and shoes and hats go into the inferno. He finishes throwing the clothes into the fire. He watche the red flame bathing his face. Then he slowly slips off his jacket. Then shirt. Then everything.
13) 54) dialog: (seeing someone) Well, blow me down... Juan Trippe is approaching the table. Trippe wears nice suit. Except for a smattering of milita uniforms, Trippe and Howard are the only men in the entir not wearing tuxedos. They are worthy adversaries. Trippe arrives at the table.
13) 58) dialog: Sit down. Now what the hell are you doing out here?
13) 67) dialog: Stop fishing. Trippe laughs.
13) 79) dialog: (smiles) Hey, that's a good idea, anyone got a pen?
13) 88) dialog: Good going, boss. You just gave him our entire postwar strategy.
13) 91) dialog: He's Pan Am, Howard. He can stop anything ... (hailing passing waiter) ... Hey, fella, gimme the biggest scotch you got.
13) 97) dialog: Whoa, slow down--
13) 99) dialog: Pan Am owns Europe. But he's smart, we ought to think about Mexico.
15) 80) dialog: ... If the Community Airline Bill becomes law we are finished, my friend. Pan Am will have a legal monopoly on international travel and--
15) 83) dialog: Senator Brewster is saying that domestic competition will kill expansion into the global market -- because the nationalized foreign carriers, like Air France and Lufthansa, can offer lower fares 'cause they don't have to compete, right? So, hey, let's get rid of all that messy competition and have a nationalized airline of our own. And, hey, why don't we make it Pan Am? A very overtired Glenn Odekirk calls down to Howard from of a step unit alongside the plane: (CONTINUED)
15) 88) dialog: You want me to bribe Senators?
15) 90) dialog: You got it. Jack returns down the step unit. Howard joins Glenn at the top of the steps and they enter 73 ... The great, yawning chasm that is the hollow interior Hercules' fuselage under construction. Truly the belly of beast. Glenn leads Howard to a collection of huge blueprints.
16) 48) text: The Most Beautiful Plane In The World siashes through a r Slicing it off like a cake-~ Howard's whole body snaps forward-- The right wing smashes into a corner of another house, ex and tearing through a second floor bedroom in a ball of f Howard's face smashes into the plexiglass cockpit dome, s of plexiglass and metal slicing into him-- The remainder of the right wing tears through the corner another house, demolishing it, and suddenly sending the p a ferocious roll, end-over-end-- Howard slams around the demolished cockpit-- The plane bounces and rolls violently -- severing a utili ~- crashing through an alley-- Howard is thrown violently around the cockpit, slamming f control panel to seat to plexiglass dome-- The plane disintegrates into four flaming sections as it through the alley-- Flames explode around Howard in the fuselage-- The fuselage finally SLAMS to a stop in the alley-- Howard careens forward into the nose of the fuselage, his grotesquely mangled~- But conscious. Blood pours from his face -- flame rages around him -- fu oil everywhere -- his right hand catches fire -- he furio tries to extinguish it by beating it on the sleeve of his His jacket catches fire-- Still burning, he tries to pull himself up from the nose fuselage -- but his left foot is trapped in a chaos of tw metal-- He pulls at his trapped left leg -- finally wrenches his free -- shattering his left ankle -- he claws and hauls h up in the fuselage~-- (CONTINUED )
16) 56) text: There has never been a death watch like this one. The corridor outside Howard's room is filled. Jack Frye s with his head down. Errol Flynn leans against a wall, cha with Johnny Meyer. Glenn Odekirk sits with several of his engineers, furiously arguing over XF-11 blueprints. Ava s wearing dark glasses, pretending to read a magazine. Noah is standing in a secluded corner with a DOCTOR:
17) 21) dialog: Until they finish their investigation of the Reading crash. That could be months.
17) 25) dialog: We're fighting the C.A.B. bill--
21) 0) text: The mighty Hercules is back in her berth. She overlooks a celebration party. Mobs of friends and we wishers. Johnny Meyer is talking with Ava. Jack Frye is conferring happily with TWA executives. Howard stands with an arm around Professor Fitz, shaking and reliving the flight.