4) 24) dialog: +.» More than half a million good souls lining the curb of Hollywood Boulevard. Everyone is here tonight for the unveiling of HELL'S ANGELS, Howard Hughes' four million dollar epic. You heard me right, ladies and gentlemen, four million smackeroos... We sweep down to find the Radio Announcer coiled like a c behind a standing microphone on the red carpet at Grauman narrating the action.
4) 27) dialog: ... It is ... The Most Expensive Movie Ever Made! Nothing five-and-dime for our Mr. Hughes ... (he sees Johnny Meyer waving to him) ... And now, ladies and gentlemen, I think -- Yes, yes -- I can iust see Mr. Hughes' car arriving now... Howard's limo pulls up, he emerges with JEAN HARLOW, the beautiful movie starlet. He is utterly unprepared for the enormity of the response Blinding camera flashes -- the flashbulbs instantly eject replaced -- the shouted questions from reporters -- the h phosphorous glare of the klieg lights ~- the great mob su forward like a river dangerously close to cresting its ba The fans not only cheer and shout now, they scream. A few desperate hands clutch forward through the throngs, the rows of security guards, trying to touch, to feel, to Howard sees the grasping hands, disquieting. HOWARD'S POV -- EXTREME CLOSEUP -- the grasping hands, th nails -- the filth -- the screaming,. gaping mouths of th Jean Harlow plays to the cameras with efficient grace.
4) 28) dialog: . Mr. Hughes escorts the lovely starlet Jean Harlow tonight. He discovered her for this picture and we think her platinum blonde locks and Hot-Jazz-Babydoll style are gonna make her a big star .. (he beckons to them) Mr. Hughes! How 'bout a word? Howard escorts Jean toward the Radio Announcer. He is sho find that they are treading over a sea Of ejected flashbu The flashbulbs crunch under their feet as they move down carpet. They arrive at the Radio Announcer:
4) 29) dialog: Big night for you, Mr. Hughes! Howard can't hear over the screaming crowd. (CONTINUED)
4) 31) dialog: (a little louder) Big night for you tonight! (CONTINUED)
4) 34) dialog: Tell us what it was like making this fabulous picture. Howard either didn't hear or chooses not to respond.
10) 19) dialog: .- Yes, young Howard Hughes has done it! -- Flown all the way around the entire world in three days and nineteen hours. Beating Wiley Post's record by almost half! American's Number One Aviation Hero is now the Fastest Man on the Planet...! We. discover the mammoth globe fills the center of. Tripp York office. It deserves to. Pan Am is Tiffanys when ever else in the game is Woolworths. The familiar blue-and-white Pan Am logo looms behind... Title: Juan Trippe. President of Pan Am Airways. JUAN TRIPPE sits behind his desk, smoking a pipe, doing paperwork. The radio is on his desk. Trippe is every inch the elite Yale graduate. He was born wear tweed and he does. He is one of the true fathers of commercial aviation; the unquestioned overlord of Pan Am, America's only international airline. He is brilliant, innovative and lethal. He will soon beco Howard's absolute nemesis. (CONTINUED)