112) 0) text: It's as low life a place there is down here.  It's further dragged down by the presence, in the furthest back, darkest corner, of Simon Phoenix and Six Cryocons, freshly defrosted and each the size of a major appliance, ALBERT, BEPPO, CHARLIE, DANZIG, ELVIN and FRANCIS.  All a little groggy.  Phoenix, very execu-criminal, sits at the head of the raggedy bar table.
113) 38) text: He turns and quietly starts dispensing instructions to the cryocons.
113) 62) text: The Cryocons OPEN UP with all manner of WEAPONRY on the crowd.  Mayhem and slaughter.  Huxley and Garcia have taken cover as well.  Their stun batons look exceedingly useless.  Spartan is momentarily trapped under a collapsed beam.  Doesn't last long.  Growls.  Hurls it aside.  Comes up FIRING with the BERETTA.
117) 0) text: Every Scrap can see.  The two hang on a suspension grid of an old rusty rebar, directly over one of the WHIRRING VENTILATOR FANS.  It's not meant to take any weight. Slippery as hell from the spray above.  The REBAR CREAKS and MOANS. No one dares move.  Below, Charlie lies dead.  No other cryocons can be seen. Spartan and Phoenix scrabble madly, yet in slow motion as not to break the old joints as they stay on.  Hand over hand, Phoenix makes his way along as ---
139) 8) text: Earle and Huxley follow his glance.  Coming across the green, a horde of Scraps, armed to the teeth, carrying the dead cryocons on two litters, and emerging from their midst beside Payne, Alfredo Garcia.
140) 0) text: Cocteau, Bob, Simon and the remaining cryocons are there listening to Cocteau warble on --
143) 0) text: On the run, stepping over dead cryocons.  Huxley keys her BadgeRadio ---
146) 0) text: Four pucks are being rapidly removed from around the cryocons inside by the cutting lasers.  They go blue.
147) 0) text: The inner room splits open and the Med Techs rush in to the four thawed cryocons as Associate Bob steps away from a VidScreen with some concern ---
148) 2) text: He never gets to say another word.  Spartan spins and ventilates the device with 40 mm slugs. Half a beat.  Realizes what he's done.  In the next moment, four insane megadrenalized cryocons come screaming through the door.  Barehanded, barefooted. Spartan SHOOTS the first two out of hand, without a thought.  But before he can fire again, the second two are on him. One gun goes flying.  Spartan beats on Howie with his free hand.  Ignacious fights for control of his gun hand. Spartan bashes Howie back for a moment, continues to tussle with Ignacious.  Finally, he's had enough --
151) 2) text: Spartan FIRES again.  The puck barely vibrates.  Absorbs another round beside the unharmed cryocon. Phoenix unleashes an entire magazine from an HK91 slung over his back.  Spartan FIRES once, dives for cover. Although unhit, he gets seriously frosted from a pipe blow open next to him.  Forced to roll through the line of fire to avoid permanent freezer burn.  There are pipes burst everywhere. Phoenix turns to find Bob slinking away.
151) 12) dialog: Spartan!!!
151) 14) text: Spartan looks up at them.  Like he needs this shit... Simon continues to melt himself a path across the floor towards Spartan. The heat from the MTL is furious.  The difference between the 2000 degrees plus and 80 degrees below is more than any metal can handle.  Fissures appear in giant lightning strike cracks in all directions where the MTL hits. Every bit of ice in the building melts.  Water boiling away instantaneously in the path of the MTL. Spartan has nowhere to run.  And nothing but a big fucking club.  To his left he suddenly sees an empty chamber.  Except this one was never filled.  The display reads:  READY FOR CRYO. There's a tiny white chip in the vial inside the vacuum bell.  Spartan looks at it.  It's like a very bad memory coming back.  But he knows what it is and knows what it does.  Smashes the vacuum bell with the wrench. Simon grows closer. Spartan bashes the robot arm out of the way.  Picks up the vial.  Looks around desperately.  No point using it if it's going to kill him too.  Grabs the grid of the floor above him.  Heaves himself up. Simon lifts the MTL towards him.  It almost reaches up to the landing above.  Spartan hurls the VIAL at Simon's feet. It SHATTERS.  Nothing happens.  The heat from the MTL has boiled off all the water in a ten foot circle nearby. The MTL flame comes closer.  In a moment Spartan will get cooked.  Instead of running away, he moves closer. Stands up on the railing of the second landing.  And just as his clothes begin to catch fire from the heat, leaps -- Over the oncoming thermal flame as it arcs up towards him.  And over and past Phoenix. Spartan lands behind him, coming around with an elbow into Phoenix's kidney, causing Phoenix to drop the MTL. Outside their circle of heat, the tiny chip hits the water.  Melts.  And again, like the opposite of watching ice shatter, the water everywhere goes steel solid, stuttering out in all directions. Phoenix still has a free hand.  Smashes a nerve center on the side of Spartan's neck.  Spartan twitches visibly from it.  Grunts. Spartan punches him right, left, right in the sternum. Phoenix coughs blood, spits it away. Steps back to launch a mighty blow at Spartan and -- His heel just steps into a puddle of water.  The tiniest rivulet drifts over, connects it to the main ice solid locked water. Simon feels his foot stuck.  And as he looks down in consternation, realizes in shock what's happened and then looks up, Spartan hits him straight from the shoulder with everything he has left, dead in the face, as Phoenix solidifies. Phoenix's head snaps clean off. Hits, like a ball bearing on polished steel.  Bounces with a CLANG.  Rolls off.  CLANG, CLANG, CLANG, CLANG, CLANG. Spartan reaches desperately for the still spewing MTL as the rivulets close in towards him. Grabs onto it just in time.  Spins, melts off a protective circle around him. Looks up at the peanut gallery of cryocons.