0) 0) text: LARA CROFT (16), a headstrong, long-haired beauty, is sur a study table by her UNIFORMED CLASSMATES, one of which, DE the group skeptic. Chyron: London, 1986
0) 1) dialog: First of all Delia, my father is much younger than he looks. And second of all, you're completely missing the point. A LIBRARIAN across the way shushes the girls, forcing Lar her voice to a dramatic whisper:
0) 2) dialog: Once my father got inside Ghengis Khan's tomb, he thought he was home free.
1) 1) dialog: But as soon as he took the sacred drum from Khan's bony clutches... Lord Croft admires his prize stolen from the mummy.
1) 2) dialog: He set off the worst trap of all. Lord Croft reacts to a RUMBLING inside the tomb. The very beneath him is buckling from some unseen force. Racing fo arched doorway, Lord Croft stops when he sees:
1) 5) dialog: Then, just as the wall was giving way... Lord Croft claws desperately at the crumbling wall. Eyes with rlief when a WIRE LADDER dangles into view.
1) 6) dialog: My mother came to the rescue again.
2) 2) dialog: There was still one problem. And it was a big one: the Mongolian Army. Lady Vivian notices DOZENS OF MONGOL SOLDIERS cresting th mountaintop. Armed to the teeth. Sights on Lord Croft.
4) 0) text: All eyes are on Delia as she tries to debunk Lara's stor
4) 2) dialog: Easy. If you were the Mongolian Army wouldn't my dorm room be the last place you'd look? While Delia mulls that one, Lara spots a black BENTLEY AR arriving in the parking lot outside. Her eyes suddenly beam.
4) 3) dialog: To be continued. I gotta go. Lara races away without explanation.
5) 4) text: I don't believe it... Lord Croft gives Lara a short, polite embrace.
5) 5) dialog: I thought you two were off on pressing business somewhere? Lady Vivian holds onto her daughter a little longer.
5) 7) dialog: (plays dumb) Oh, is that today? Both her parents chuckle at Lara's wit.
5) 11) dialog: (suspicious but hopeful) What are you saying, Mother?
5) 16) dialog: Everywhere you've been...I've dreamed of going. Lara finally settles on the TIBETAN DRUM (from Lara's sto turns to her parents and smiles. Decision made.
6) 1) dialog: I want to ski Mount Annapurna. No one's ever skied there before.
6) 3) dialog: That's the fun of it -- I'll learn.
7) 0) text: Lara sits on the floor (dressed in an almost tomboyish ma back against a small sofa from where Lady Vivian enjoys b her daughter's long, lustrous hair. They're more like sisters their similar mannerisms and matching DIAMOND TENNIS BRACELETS. charmingly rattles off historical facts to impress her pa
7) 3) dialog: (teasing) I suppose it's possible, Father. Lord Croft smirks as he takes a seat across from his wome
7) 5) dialog: It's made from a human thigh bone. And it's part of an exorcism ritual. That's really all I know.
7) 9) dialog: You want to know something funny...? For years now I've told stories at school about my parents being famous tomb raiders -- that's how I explained why you were always away on business. (turns back to parents) My friends actually think all those souvenirs you sent me, they're all ancient treasures. Like that drum, I've almost convinced them father stole it from Ghengis Kahn's tomb. Lord Croft gets a CHUCKLE over that one. But Lady Croft i amused, seeing beneath her daughter's imagination.
7) 11) dialog: I can't wait for next month.
9) 1) text: Nothing to worry about, folks. Just some temperamental weather. Strap yourselves in tight and we'll be through this in no time. Lara glances nervously out her misted window at the storm as LIGHTNING strikes the wing of the jet! The interior LIGHT The jet drops sudden altitude...then stabilizes. The Crof exhale in momentary relief. Lord Croft unbuckles his seatbelt and heads for the cockp
12) 0) text: Chaos ensues as the jet begins a slow barrel roll, emptyi overhead bins and closets. Lady Vivian cradles Lara tightly to her shielding her daughter as best she can before -- -- SMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASH! The jet SLAMS into the ground w force the fuselage CRACKS in several places. A piece of t fuselage strikes Lady Vivian in the head!
14) 0) text: CU - LARA hanging upside down in her seat. Unconscious. CRAAAAAAAAAK!!! The already split fuselage breaks further strain of its own weight. This rouses Lara, who struggles to orient herself. Her ey in on her mother crumpled and bleeding. Lara unbuckles her s and falls to the inverted ceiling. Scrambling through the cabin Lara desperately cradles her mother.
14) 1) dialog: Mother. Mother please. Please be okay. Lady Vivian's eyes flicker with dying life. Lara rambles
14) 2) dialog: I'm so sorry. I should've picked someplace else. We never should've come here. Never, ever... Lady Vivian reaches a trembling hand up to Lara's face, g wiping away the tears streaking down her flushed cheeks.
14) 5) dialog: It's a 1000 stomach-turning feet to the bottom of the cha
14) 7) dialog: 
15) 0) text: Lara rushes into the upended cockpit where both pilots ha their seats -- the windscreen has been shattered. Lara se father's feet, his body covered with a collapsed section interior.
15) 1) dialog: Father can you hear me!? Lara frantically extricates her father, who is groaning i from the COMPOUND FRACTURE of his left leg.
15) 3) dialog: Come on, we've got to get you out! Lara starts helping her father up towards the windscreen. him through the jagged orifice, Lara watches her father toppl onto the snowy chasm bank. Lara starts out herself, then smart realizes:
15) 4) dialog: Supplies. We need supplies. Moving back to the closet, Lara starts gathering essentia MEDKIT, SKIS, FLARE GUN, etc.) All the while the metal fu
15) 7) dialog: Stretching that extra inch, Lara secures the flare gun.
16) 0) text: All the supplies, flung through the windscreen, land in t around Lord Croft, who's anxiously watching for... LARA DIVES THROUGH THE WINDSCREEN as the jet snaps in hal tucks & rolls safely in the snow, showing off some well-honed g moves. Together, Lara and Lord Croft watch in stunned sil the jet fuselage CRACKS once more and, with her dead mother a plummets into the chasm. Lara steps right up to the dangerous edge, tragic witness jet EXPLODING IN A FIREBALL when it hits rock bottom.
17) 0) text: TRACK a long path through the snow to Lord Croft bundled TOBOGGAN/LITTER fashioned from skis. Slowly pulling her f along in the knee deep snow, Lara is battling hypothermia and f a LIGHT SNOW falls.
17) 1) dialog: (mutters repeatedly) We'll be fine... We'll be fine. Hauling her father up a slight grade, what's left of Lara strength is put to the test. As she feels herself reaching a break Lara's "We'll be fine" mantra just gets louder -- she's r pure will power now. Finally, just as she crests the grad to collapse, Lara spots a MONASTERY in the near distance bel almost smiles.
17) 2) dialog: We're gonna make it! Her spirit refueled with hope, Lara gets a second wind. P father along with hopeful urgency...until an ANIMAL GROWL surrounding shadows stops her cold. Arming herself with a
17) 4) dialog: The flashlight finds a BLOOD TRAIL leading from her fathe a pair of SNOW LEOPARDS lurking amongst the trees.
17) 6) dialog: Father...I don't know what to do.
17) 8) dialog: I can't leave you like this!
17) 11) dialog: I'll get help, Father. Before this fire dies out, I swear to you. Lord Croft watches as Lara moves away from the precipice, her steps all the way back to the fire wall. Exhaling sl gathers herself. Hands fall to her side; a gymnast before routine. Then, with quick, precision steps...Lara sprints for the leaps!
17) 12) text: Lara soars through the air with the grace of an eagle. Bu lands hard, somersaulting several times in the snow. Immediatel
18) 0) text: Inside the ancient stone building a spry monk, KARAK (50) his reverent meditation at a small shrine. His wise eyes sear candlelit shadows -- something is amiss. With uncertain p Karak moves to the nearest window where he sees: Lara inching t snow. Ten feet from the monastery gates before finally su to exhaustion.
19) 2) text: The storm has cleared. A Tibetan funeral ceremony in prog Croft's body is swathed in a white robe atop an altar. A handful of monks circle the dead man, performing the ex ritual Lady Vivian described earlier. REVEAL - LARA watching the ceremony from a distance, off herself. As one of the monks fervently bangs his drum -- a replica parents' souvenir -- over her father's head, Lara turns a unable to endure the tragic irony.
20) 0) text: With views of both Lara and the ceremony, Karak turns awa window, faces an older monk at his side, TONPA.
21) 0) text: Lara limps along the monastery wall as the ceremony conti stops, her back to us, and stares down the sheer cliff in fog- enshrouded valley below. CIRCLING AROUND Lara we reveal h her eyes -- nearly catatonic with grief. Melancholy classical swells over the fading drums. As we PULL BACK, Lara inexplicabl dives forward... ...and splashes into an Olympic-sized indoor pool!
22) 0) text: LARA (29), collects DIVING BELLS as part of a training re supervised by Karak, now mid-60s. Chyron: Hampshire, 1998 When Lara finally breaks the surface with the last diving Karak clicks his stopwatch, eyebrows raised, impressed.
22) 2) dialog: Still breathing, aren't I? Lara gracefully climbs from the pool, showing off a beaut sculpted physique...frustratingly wrapped in a towel. Thi longer the lonely, precocious girl we met 13 years ago; L grown into a cool, physical young woman hiding a scarred heart never fully mended. Karak follows Lara inside the sparsely decorated grand ma stopping at a STEREO setup surrounded by small mountains of CDs. K switches the somber CLASSICAL MUSIC to HIP HOP.
22) 5) dialog: (not in the mood) I don't need another girl getaway. I just get so restless between jobs. You know that, Karak. Karak steps in front of Lara, indicates her WOUNDED ARM.
22) 7) dialog: (sighs) Seems like three years.
24) 0) text: Arriving amidst a cacophony of BARKING DOGS is Lara's unm maternal Aunt, EVELYN CROFT (60), a grand dame of the Lon scene who doesn't bother knocking. Evelyn saunters into t expansive living room, which is filled with state-of-the-art GYMNAS TRAINING EQUIPMENT.
24) 2) dialog: Coming, Aunt Ev! Lara, dressed in workout gear, is in the middle of an exe the UNEVEN BARS. Her perfect dismount is a BACKFLIP/HALF- TWIST...landing a foot in front of a startled Evelyn.
24) 4) dialog: I assume this isn't a social visit. You're not wearing your fur. Evelyn ignores Lara, focusing instead on all the equipmen
25) 0) text: While Lara makes her favorite EGG SALAD AND PICKLES sandw Evelyn nosily inspects every kitchen cabinet and cupboard.
25) 3) dialog: I'm sorry, Aunt Ev. I promise to catch up by your party next week.
26) 1) dialog: .В»..I'm not giving you the duck again, Charles. I'm just not in the mood for clubbing tonight. (pause; smirks) Let me remind you, I am a proper British girl. My ears are not suitable for such gutterspeak. (beat; teasing) Maybe I'll call you tomorrow. Lara hangs up. Unable to satiate her restless mind, Lara the bookshelf full of all those souvenirs from her parent travels. When Lara picks up the TIBETAN EXORCISM DRUM, we see that the tough exterior she has fashioned for herself lies the vul of a teen girl. But her reverie is broken by her BARKING GUA outside!
27) 3) text: The cab has vanished. Lara and Karak find ARTURO lying on outside the front gate of the estate. Pulling the man's c Lara reveals his nasty ABDOMINAL WOUND.
28) 0) text: As Lara cues up the Hi-8 video in her top-of-the-line scr room, Karak enters with dour news:
28) 3) dialog: Hopefully this'll have some answers. Lara starts the tape which plays out on a projection scre turns to a wide tripod shot of DARBY ERIKSON.
28) 4) dialog: Darby... Clutching the empty, GOLD MAP TUBE, Darby paces a dimly l bungalow, speaking to the camera nervously.
28) 21) dialog: I already know your opinion, Karak.
29) 0) text: Karak insistently follows Lara out into the living room.
29) 4) dialog: Why both, of course.
29) 6) dialog: When I find it, I'll let you know. As Lara heads upstairs, Karak mutters to himself:
30) 2) dialog: How're my Gadget Boys doing?
30) 3) dialog: Her "Gadget Boys" are now seated quietly at work stations engineering devices per Lara's faxed DESIGN SKETCHES. They AD LIB "He
30) 4) dialog: Sorry I'm late. Had to give a deposition... Lara strides over to Stuart, her attention already grabbe circular steel PROBE he's still wiring.
30) 5) dialog: Just as I imagined it. Stuart turns one last screw, then picks up a REMOTE CONTR which when activated...levitates the probe!
30) 9) dialog: Very clever, Stuart.
30) 14) dialog: Such a little firebug, aren't we? (beat) And what about you, Wesley? How did you get on with my shopping list? Wesley smiles shyly at his work station where we see a sp CUSTOM AMMO. He breath-polishes what resembles a thick SI ATTACHMENT, then screws it onto a retro-fitted GUN.
30) 18) dialog: Excellent job. All of you. You flatter me with your brilliance. She lays an ENVELOPE stuffed with pound notes on the tabl
30) 19) dialog: Hope this covers your tuition here for another semester.
30) 22) dialog: Love to stay and chat, guys, but I've got to catch an early flight tomorrow. Having what she wants, Lara starts for the door...but not forlorn faces of her Boys, who can't get enough of her.
30) 23) dialog: Alright, tell you what. Soon as I get back we'll all go out fora pint. Any place you want. Deal? The boys all nod enthusiastically. And as soon as Lara ex lab, Stuart rushes back to his hiding place and grabs the tele within seconds, the three Gadget Boys are all squabbling again control.
31) 0) text: Lara cruises through the open estate gates on her motorcy halfway up the cobblestone driveway, Lara slows her motor all the lights are out in the grand manor! Killing the cycle engine, Lara cautiously dismounts.
31) 1) dialog: Karak!? The sound of the GATES CLOSING behind her spins Lara arou Sensing she's about to be trapped, Lara runs for the gates, reach just as they close. Suddenly feeling vulnerable, Lara rushes b her cycle to arm herself...only to find her saddlebag of gadg disappeared! A GUNSHOT bursts the front tire of her motorcycle! Lara d cover behind the bike, but a bright FLASHLIGHT exposes he Instinctively, Lara sprints in the opposite direction, aw the light... A blistering volley of GUNSHOTS kick up grass and dirt al Lara, funneling her towards the elaborate HEDGEROWS which the north side of the estate. Suddenly -- -- A LARGE STATUE tips over near the hedgerow entrance! L sideways, SOMERSAULTING to safety...or so she thinks -- -- ANOTHER STATUE is nearly upon her from the other side, Lara to BACKFLIP out of the way. She steals a breath, only to Statue's face EXPLODE from gunfire! Off she goes like a b herself...
32) 0) text: On one of the monitors we watch Lara snapping off a short the spear over her knee, then jumping towards a nearby POWER snagging it with the spear bit...riding the incline like safely down to her backyard! REVEAL - KARAK watching the proceedings, sipping a cup of
33) 0) text: Lara tries each of the rear doors. All locked. About to b the windows in with a patio chair, Lara's distracted by a
33) 3) dialog: A LARGE SATELLITE DISH falling from the manor roof! Hurtl at Lara...
33) 6) dialog: She peers DOWN at the dangerous drop below, then UP at th ASSASSIN staring at her from the roof's edge.
33) 7) dialog: (defiant) I don't have the map! And I'll die before I sell out Darby!
33) 14) dialog: (defensive) And what if I'd tried the jump? And what if I didn't make it? Karak WHISTLES with two fingers to his lips. Within secon the outdoor FLOOD LIGHTS pop on around the property, revealin AIR MAT between the main house and guest quarters painted to blend in with the grounds.
33) 20) dialog: What would I do without you, Karak? Karak walks up to her, looks right into her eyes.
35) 0) text: Lara enters the modest, nautical themed lobby. Behind the desk is the quaint Marina. Lara moves to the front desk inquir "Mr. Flannigan." Given instructions, Lara heads upstairs REVEAL - A BELLBOY overhearing this conversation. Walking the lobby, he picks up a phone and dials a number he has scri on scrap paper.
36) 0) text: Lara reaches Darby's room and finds a "Do Not Disturb" si on the doorknob. She knocks gently.
36) 1) dialog: Darby, it's Lara. No response. But she can hear the TELEVISION on inside. L the door and finds it surprisingly unlocked. Checking bot first, Lara draws a GUN and pushes the door open. No ambush wait she slips inside...
37) 0) text: The lights are out but the TV is on, tuned into a Spanish episode of "MacGuyver." Lara flicks the light switch, turning on a DESK LAMP near The room has been completely ransacked. But that is not what Lara's breath away... REVEAL - DARBY sitting up on his bed, shot at close range Frightened eyes wide open, staring off into the void. After a moment to digest this nasty sight, Lara takes a s edge of the bed. She grasps Darby's hand, feeling his bod temperature.
37) 1) text: Don't worry, Darby. I'll see this one through for you. Lara tenderly closes the man's eyes.
37) 2) dialog: Say hello to my parents for me. Rising, Lara begins poking around the remains of the room books, charts...but nothing that resembles the map of El During her search Lara hears a HISSING sound. Quickly scanning the room, she notices something unsettli CU - A PLASTIQUE CKARGE attached to the same electrical s lamp is plugged into -- the fuse apparently activated whe turned on the light! A fuse seconds from detonation.
37) 3) text: KABOOOOOOOM! As a car blows up on "MacGuyver," Lara sprin the TV to the balcony overlooking the marina and leaps... ...jJust as Darby's hotel room EXPLODES!!!
38) 0) text: Lara just clears some docking and splashes down in the ma she bobs back up to the surface behind a boat, a crowd of is already forming outside the hotel. Including the Bell Boy watches briefly from a balcony off the main lobby, then disappear inside.
39) 1) dialog: The authorities have so far only recovered CHARRED BONES loaded into a CORONER'S TRUCK in plastic bags.
39) 4) dialog: Well Karak, I hate to say you told me so but...I didn't want you to worry when you saw the news about the explosion at the El Mar.
40) 2) dialog: Right... Anyway, whoever murdered Darby and took his map probably thinks they killed two birds with one stone. But it's going to take the authorities down here a while to sort out the mess. Which buys me some time to catch up with the bastards. Lara reacts to the WARNING WHISTLE from a nearby FERRY BO
40) 3) dialog: Gotta go. I'm taking a ferry to the mainland. I'll ring you later.
40) 5) dialog: Go ahead. I'm listening. But Lara lets the payphone receiver dangle off the hook. up her BACKPACK, Lara rushes to catch her ferry. HOLD ON the receiver as we hear Karak expressing his pate of view.
43) 1) text: Find Lara sitting in a lotus position at the back of the filled bus, working intently on her customized LAPTOP, biting he girlish concentration. She has just finished uploading Da video onto her hard drive. CU - LAPTOP: The digitized video plays with stutter frami
43) 4) dialog: Ah-ha. Lara hears TITTERING and looks up to see all the LOCAL KI bus turned around in the seats. staring at her with fascinate
44) 0) text: The stopped bus pulls away...revealing Lara standing in t of the one street town, BACKPACK at her feet. FOLLOW LARA as she throws her bag over one shoulder and w towards a SMOKE PLUME curiously snaking into the air. Allong the street are "Cerrado" signs in every shop window. The town feels strangely deserted, except for the Cantina handful of LOCALS suck on cervezas -- as Lara passes, na conversations stop, all eyes fixed on her. TEMO (25), a shifty-eyed local, is the first to his feet a beeline for Lara, flashing his cherubim smile.
44) 2) dialog: I was told in Iquitos you'd have everything I need to go up river.
44) 4) dialog: Very persistent, aren't you, Temo. How much? Temo sizes Lara up. Very much likes what he sees.
44) 9) text: As far as scams go around here, Temo's got a pretty decent one. Once you get up river he'll sell you to the banditos for fair market value. Then trade your lingerie for a one nighter in Iquitos. Lara looks at Temo, who shakes his head adamantly.
44) 10) dialog: How very entrepreneurial. (to Dodge) But what's to say you're not part of the scam as well? Dodge finally reaches Lara and Temo, enjoying the last sw beer before he responds.
44) 12) dialog: Don't make me search you. I haven't had my Rabies shot. Fumbling a hand through his pocket, Temo holds up the bra Lara kicks his hand, sending the bracelet into the air, where catches it with ease.
44) 13) dialog: Alright Temo, game's over. Temo picks himself up, dusts himself off. But before he l curses and spits in the general direction of Dodge, who' good chuckle out of this incident.
44) 14) dialog: So what's your angle, Dodge? Dodge meanders over to Lara, clearly intrigued by her.
44) 16) dialog: Is that so?
44) 19) dialog: Got my own copy actually.
44) 21) dialog: I take it this is your fine establishment? She glances back to Dodge.
44) 23) dialog: Enough foreplay. What to do you say we get down to business?
44) 25) dialog: Where there's a twinge, there's still hope. Lara disappears inside, leaving Dodge to ponder his next an uncertain smile.
46) 0) text: Lara, clad in a wind-breaker to keep the mid-morning mist explores the narrow deck, taking in the row of sun-bleach
46) 2) dialog: Not exactly the Love Boat, is it? Dodge, steering the trawler from inside his small cabin, eyes off the river ahead for only a moment.
46) 4) text: Lara wanders into the cramped quarters decorated with str
46) 6) dialog: Made this trip a few times, have you?
46) 8) dialog: Aren't you the romantic.
46) 10) dialog: I've read all the stories. But just because no one's found El Dorado, doesn't mean it's not out there.
46) 12) dialog: (finishes his story) ...three years later he'd lost his money and his reputation. This draws a surprised look from Dodge.
46) 17) dialog: Can I help?
47) 4) dialog: Take my hand! A floundering Paolo reaches up and grabs onto Lara's hand Dodge and the two boatmen help pull them both to safety until.
51) 0) text: Sitting in her now-familiar lotus position under a tatter at the back of the trawler, Lara works on her laptop, examin digitally enhanced image of Darby's map. CU - LAPTOP: Upon closer inspection of the map we see the DORADO" marked by a GOLDEN SUN symbol directly over an un of water. One of the sun's rays extends curiously into the l a SECRET DOOR has been drawn.
51) 5) dialog: Maybe Malvern, not me. Since this map was made in 1523, magnetic north has moved four degrees, give or take. That puts this lake on the map approximately 90 meters north of Lake Guaranita. That's where I'm going.
51) 7) dialog: (re: map) The lake is gone. A volcanic earthquake in 1814 drained the entire bas in. Meaning this underwater door to El Dorado is actually on dry land. Lara shuts down her laptop, loads it into her backpack.
51) 9) dialog: Admit it, Dodge. All this talk about El Dorado is getting you excited again. You're thinking, "Maybe this could be the one -- "
51) 11) dialog: I've had more fun at funerals. Lara hefts her backpack and strides for the ramp. Dodge f her, starting to feel guilty already.
51) 13) dialog: (sarcastic) Another twinge of conscience?
51) 15) dialog: (in Spanish; to Carlos) Ignore him. Come with me only if you'd like to make some real money. Carlos looks at Dodge, then nods to Lara. He and Luiz arm themselves with MACHETES. They follow Lara down the ramp.
51) 17) dialog: I can't figure if you're more worried about my safety...or the fact that I just might find El Dorado. And put you out of business. Not willing to answer that question, Dodge watches Lara c set off into the jungle with Carlos and Luiz.
52) 0) text: The blazing sun above beats down on the rugged, semi-trop terrain. Wild birds squawk incessantly throughout the canyon. PICK UP Lara following along a path cut by the machetes o and Luiz. Wiping the sweat from her face, Lara removes her wi breaker, stripping down to a tight halter top; a detail that doesn unnoticed by Carlos and Luiz. Suddenly, the sound of distant UZI FIRE shatters the rela of the jungle. Lara and the Boatmen duck in the brush.
52) 1) dialog: Wait here. Lara pulls out her DUAL PISTOLS. FOLLOW Lara as she trave narrow path through the trees, until she comes upon:
53) 2) dialog: Not very sporting, hunting with uzis. Somebody needs a lesson in nature appreciation. Lara boldly walks into the camp, surprising the Aussies, the peccary and reach for their guns. But Lara carefully take fisted aim on both Aussies, then fires her pistols simultaneousl -- SHTUT! SHTUT! The darts pierce each Aussie's neck, cru them instantly to the ground. FOLLOW Lara as she waves Carlos into the Base Camp.
53) 3) dialog: (to Carlos and Luiz) Look for juice, chocolate. Anything sweet. Carlos and Luiz have no idea why, but they obey.
53) 5) dialog: Excellent. Lara opens the bottle of honey, walks over to the unconsc Aussies and starts dousing them in the sticky, sweet stuff... Car Luiz are utterly confounded.
53) 6) dialog: By the time they wake up, they'll be covered in fire ants. (smirks) Like to see them shoot their way out of that one. Carlos translates for Luiz, and they both smile too, envi the unpleasant outcome.
54) 0) text: Further up the trail, Lara follows Carlos and Luiz, both hacking away with their machetes. But something catches Lara's ey of recently dug earth in a pattern. Lara gets down on her knees and carefully pushes the dirt revealing an AP LAND MINE.
54) 1) dialog: Stop guys! Now! Carlos stops, looks back. But Luiz keeps walking, choppin until
56) 0) text: Lara watches, waits for the GLINT of Larsen's binoculars to disappear before she steps from the underbrush. Lara stan the bullet-riddled peccary from Malvern's camp (laid cleverly exploded mine.)
56) 1) dialog: Let's hope that fooled them. Lara moves to Luiz's dead body where Carlos is already kn beside his dead friend in prayer.
56) 2) dialog: You were close with him? Carlos looks up, holding back his emotions.
56) 4) dialog: I'm very sorry, Carlos. If you want to go back, I understand. But I must keep going.
60) 0) text: Lara's SPECTROMETER registers high levels of sulfuric aci narrow fissure.
60) 1) dialog: Ah-ha.
61) 1) dialog: (re: stonework.) Incan. Early 16th century. Look how perfect the seams are... The gently-sloping path is abruptly closed off with an im
61) 3) dialog: Not much choice, is there? Carlos shakes his head warily as Lara pulls the lever. Un grind, portending trouble. But finally, the slab slides o way ...revealing a small ANTECHAMBER.
62) 0) text: Lara cautiously leads Carlos into the non-descript room. Carlos steps on the center tile... SLAAAAM! The stone slab shuts behind them. Flare in hand, quickly searches the room. No lever anywhere. But there are NOTCH into the wall...
62) 1) dialog: This way! Lara pulls Carlos back against the wall without notches a floor slides open beneath them...but only halfway!
62) 2) dialog: An airlock. Very ingenious.
62) 4) dialog: Like a submarine. This cavern used to be at the bottom of a lake. Had to keep the water out. Lara peers down the vertical shaft below them. With the can see a few more NOTCHED STEPS in the stone wall...but the been destroyed by another FISSURE.
62) 5) dialog: Can't climb down... Lara drops the flare down the shaft to gauge its depth. A yards before -- Fssssst. The flare hits a pool of water and ext
62) 7) dialog: No problem. I always come prepared. Lara hooks a wire from her BELT WINCH to a PITON, then lo piton into her compression assembly pistol. Firing the piton in shaft ceiling, Lara steps off the antechamber's half-floor and beside Carlos.
62) 8) dialog: Let me get down a ways, then grab onto the cable yourself. Carlos nods apprehensively, watching as Lara lowers herse into the shaft, scanning the walls with her FLASHLIGHT. S his fear, Carlos reaches for and grabs hold of the cable...sl lowering himself down behind Lara. Lara's flashlight exposes a series of HIEROGLYPHICS carve shaft. They appear to be a warning of some kind. Showing that will cut in half any tomb raiders who venture down the sh without stepping in one particular notch...which Lara realizes sh already passed.
62) 9) dialog: Oh dear. Suddenly, CROSS-CUTTING BLADES slide from the shaft wall several places...nearly decapitating Carlos and almost severing L legs! Their cable cut, they both plummet the last 20 yards into below, screaming all the way down.
63) 0) text: Lara and Carlos SPLASH down then quickly break up through surface of a small reservoir. Carlos splashes around, no swimmer. stands, showing the water only comes to her chest.
63) 1) dialog: There's a step here. But as Carlos paddles onto the step, Lara's flashlight re of dozens of BEADY EYES surrounding them.
63) 3) dialog: Aim for the eyes. The chamber is quickly filled with the ECHOES OF GUNFIRE and Carlos ascend the underwater steps, shooting rats when th close. The steps lead to:
64) 0) text: FOLLOW Lara and Carlos as they enter a stunning, vast sub cavern housing towering GOLDEN STATUES and TWO GOLD-ADORN
64) 3) dialog: Just the tip of the iceberg, if we're lucky. Lara cracks a couple FLARES and tosses them throughout, illuminating the chamber in an eerie orange glow. Carlos walks with a a HALF-PUMA/HALF-MAN STATUE with EMERALD EYES -- Lara grabs before he touches one of the jewels.
64) 4) dialog: Careful, Carlos. We're intruders here. Anything could be a trap. Lara walks cautiously to the center of the chamber, stand between the two mausoleum entrances.
64) 5) dialog: Looks like a royal burial chamber for the last Incan king, Manco. With her flashlight Lara examines the two different STATU each mausoleum.
64) 6) dialog: Theses statues represent two of the primary gods of the Inca religion. Mama Kilya, the mother moon; and Ilyapa, the thunder god. Carlos joins Lara, peering nervously down the ominous sta leading into one of the mausoleums.
64) 7) dialog: I'd wager that Manco's wife is guarded by Kilya, and his firstborn son sleeps under Ilyapa.
64) 9) dialog: That sun represents Inti, the sun god. My guess is Manco is buried behind those doors.
64) 11) dialog: Could be. Certainly, no need to disturb these other tombs... Carlos follows Lara back towards the massive double doors stops him with a warning hand.
64) 12) dialog: Better stay back. I have a feeling they haven't rolled out the red carpets for us. Lara tosses Carlos her backpack, then slowly approaches t to Manco's tomb, which appear to be hermetically sealed. Car both doors are KEYHOLES.
64) 13) dialog: Knife, please. Carlos pulls a KNIFE from Lara's backpack and flips it to Biting her lip in concentration, Lara tries to jimmy one of the keyholes... until the floor beneath her feet starts to pivot! Carlos in fear. Maintaining her composure, Lara skids down the now-angled of floor...turns and STABS HER KNIFE into the floor, holding both hands as the floor continues to rotate.
64) 14) dialog: The sub-chamber is filled with SKELETONS impaled on BLOOD
64) 17) dialog: That was fun. Jaw dropped, Carlos remembers to breathe again.
64) 18) dialog: Looks like we have to pay a visit to mommy and junior after all. See about some keys.
65) 0) text: Carlos nervously follows Lara down the narrow stairs.
65) 1) dialog: I've found that traps usually reflect how the entombed lived...and died. Manco's son, Prince Tupac Amaru, was killed by Spanish Conquistadors. He was beheaded then burned at the stake.
66) 3) dialog: Fine. Just get a rope ready. That can't be the worst of it. As Carlos pulls a ROPE from Lara's backpack, Lara notices
66) 5) dialog: Oil... Better hurry with that rope, Carlos! Lara hops up onto the stone pedestal to keep away from th oil, which curiously stops flowing once the room is covered wi foot layer of the black ooze. Not sure what to make of this, Lara returns to the task a Using all her strength, Lara pushes the heavy lid of the sarcop inside of which she finds A BEJEWELED KEY resting on the mummified chest. But when Lara takes the key...the sarcophagus starts to l the oil! INSERT SHOT: FLINT STONES on the back of the sarcophagus wall and SPARK as it lowers. THE TOMB BURSTS INTO FLAMES! Lara instinctively leaps for Carlos has lowered from the edge of the stairs...just cat with her fingertips! Lara scrambles up the rope -- which is burning behind her STONE SLATS slide closed from both sides of the stairwell is sealing itself up like a kiln...with Lara in it! Carlo hold of the rope and pulls Lara to safety just the tomb seals Again, Carlos is emotionally spent.
66) 7) dialog: Mildly diverting. (teasing Carlos) Can't wait to see what mommy's got in store for us.
67) 0) text: Lara and Carlos exit the Prince's tomb and walk 20' strai to the Queen's tomb entrance.
67) 2) dialog: You'll want to wait on the stairs. Trust me.
68) 0) text: This time Lara descends the stairs more carefully while C watches on from midway up. With every step, Lara scans the walls, floor, the ceiling. When she reaches the bottom of the steps, sh expects the stairs to retract again...but they don't. The Queen's SARCOPHAGUS is set in a RECTANGULAR DEPRESSIO floor against the far wall. Lara is now faced with a long across the room, her every step echoing ominously. Sweat starts her forehead as Lara searches vainly for a sign of the tr come... Finally, Lara reaches the depression and gently climbs do the sarcophagus. She drops to her knees and inspects ever the coffin: no signs of a trap. So Lara cautiously tests the lid, which is carved in the beautiful woman --
68) 4) text: I'll take that as a compliment. Lara leans over to dust herself off, but finds she can't: have closed on the end of her ponytail.
68) 5) dialog: Knife, please. Carlos flips her the knife again. Then he watches Lara cu free, losing an inch or two of hair.
68) 6) dialog: Needed a trim anyway. As they start up the stairs, Carlos walking backwards, ra nervously to Lara as she ascends with him.
68) 8) dialog: As long as we stick together we just might get out of here alive. As they reach the top of the steps leading back to the Ma Room. Carlos stops, gasps.
68) 9) dialog: Carlos? Carlos slumps forward, shot from behind! Lara props up hi body for a moment, then ducks as the mausoleum wall ERUPTS und silenced sniper fire. Lara grabs back the pistol she lent Carlos and unholsters After she pulls on her backpack, Lara makes the sign of t over Carlos! body.
68) 10) dialog: Rest in peace, my friend. Then she sprints out of the Queen's tomb...
69) 0) text: Dodging a flurry of BULLETS, Lara runs and shoots her gun
71) 3) text: We'll let you know when it's safe. The two snipers hear a HISSING noise and see the flickeri of a controlled flame on one side of the Prince's mausoleum. T approach the light from opposite sides and leap out of hiding simu and FIRE -- -- THE AIRTANK EXPLODES INTO FIERY METAL SHARDS! Taking o Aussie snipers. A beat. Then Lara drops down from atop th mausoleum, landing next to the dead men.
72) 2) dialog: (over walkie) Next time don't send boys to do a girl's work. Off Malvern's incredulous face, we go;
73) 0) text: The massive double doors CREAK open revealing Lara, a loo anticipation on her face. We are:
74) 0) text: Lara walks into an impossibly beautiful GROTTO with a mas vaulted ceiling, the centerpiece of which is a shallow REFLECTING surrounded by a dozen pillars at least two stories high - -- WHUUUMP! The double doors have slammed shut behind Lar On the far side of the grotto Lara finds an ornate entra blocked by solid gold SUN RAYS. But the gaps between rays are not enough to crawl through. So Lara pulls out her VIDEO PROBE with CONTROL DEVICE (and mini view screen). Activating the air powered probe, Lara sends it floating inside the dark burial cham CU - REMOTE MINI-SCREEN: Inscribed on all the walls are P telling of Manco's great deeds. Depictions of wars won, i amounts of gold amassed. One painting shows Manco holding VASE-LIKE OBJECT from which gold seems to flow. Another p finds Manco praying before the black, vase-like object set atop SHRINE. Lara navigates the probe over to the centerpiece of Manco chamber: a round, solid gold SARCOPHAGUS. A spiral of HIE particularly interests Lara, who starts feeding the image laptop database. She mentally translates the message on t sarcophagus...
74) 1) dialog: You fooled us all, didn't you, Manco? Suddenly, the whole grotto RUMBLES. Lara spins around to water in the reflecting pool is splashing over the sides! grotto is filling up at an astonishing rate. Lara shoves the probe and laptop into her waterproof back runs to the center of the grotto, scanning the walls with FLASHLIGHT for a possible escape route. Nothing. Lara tries to shimmy up one of the columns, but it's too she slips back down...into water already neck deep!
74) 2) dialog: Could've used that air tank about now. As the water level swiftly rises, carrying Lara closer to ceiling, JAGGED SPIKES extend from the ceiling!
74) 3) dialog: Got to be a way out... (revelation) Or a way in. Seconds from death by impaling, Lara takes a deep breath to the center of the reflecting pool...
74) 4) text: Lara searches for and finds a NARROW INLET through which water is flowing into the grotto. Barely able to fit, Lara sque inside, FLASHLIGHT illuminating the way...
74) 5) text: Lara is swimming right at us, sloping upwards now. Her ey with fear as her lungs begin to shrink. Determination turns to desperation as she abandons the flashlight to stroke with both hands. and faster...into darkness...
75) 0) text: Gasping for air, Lara bursts up through the surface of th recognizable by the missing WEDGE in one side. Malvern has abandoned the diving platform and pulled up s Lara paddles for the shore...
77) 0) text: Lara climbs down the moderate incline, stopping beneath a tree. She squeezes her hair out and re-braids it into a p then pulls out a pair of CUSTOMIZED NIGHT GOGGLES from her bac Scanning the valley below:
77) 1) dialog: First point of interest: the Napo river where Dodge dropp off. The trawler is no longer moored near the rapids. Scanning up river, Lara spots Dodge's vessel half-way back to Francis Orellana. Lara PANS the goggles to Malvern's base camp, which looks invitingly deserted. Until Lara flicks on the THERMAL-VIEW FILTER...illuminating FIVE BODY-HEAT AURAS, lurking in a near-perfect perimeter the camp.
77) 3) dialog: Planning a little ambush, are we? From her backpack, Lara removes a SPREAD PIN. Loading it compression assembly pistol, Lara takes aim on a tree dir across from her by 50 meters -- a tree with roots planted right Bell-Boeing. The spread pin shoots silently to the treetop and catches branch "Vv." Lara ties off the wire end to her cinchona tree. Us TROLLEY, Lara starts the long, precarious journey from tr tree.
78) 0) text: Lara descends the tree, placing her ten feet from the Bel Scampering over to the plane, she quietly raises the engi and replaces the INTERRUPTER CAM.
79) 0) text: Lara straps herself into her seat and reaches for the ign keys aren't there. Thinking quickly, she pulls her night goggles back out a scanning the base camp.
79) 1) dialog: Inside one of the tents across the camp, Lara ZOOMS IN on KEYS with a "BB" insignia laying on the MAP TABLE.
79) 2) dialog: Ah-ha.
81) 0) text: Lara watches the MINI VIEW SCREEN as she manipulates the CONTROL DEVICE. She maneuvers the probe to hook up the ke them on the spread pin...but drops them onto a metal HALI
82) 0) text: Lara peers down at the MINI VIEW SCREEN which is on the s between her legs. Larsen's ugly mug appears as a static-filled tr on the remote display.
82) 2) dialog: THE MISSILE swerves through the sky right at her!
83) 0) text: As she tumbles away from the plane, the missile connects Bell-Boeing...which EXPLODES IN MID-AIR! A PARACHUTE deploys from the top of Lara's seat...and she slowly into the dark jungle below.
86) 1) dialog: I found it. Dodge whirls, BOWIE KNIFE in hand and ready to throw...un sees Lara stepping from the shadows! Still beautiful but wear the jungle on her clothes and in her hair.
86) 3) dialog: El Dorado. But it doesn't mean "Golden City" like everyone thinks. It means "Golden Man."
86) 6) dialog: No. But they did help me get inside Manco's tomb. He's the Golden Man, Dodge.
86) 8) dialog: Wait. There's something else...the source of all the Incan gold. This gets Dodge's attention.
86) 12) dialog: I need you, Dodge. I need your help. This stops Dodge from exiting the back door.
86) 14) dialog: I've got Manco's secret, but Malvern's got me trapped. (beat) I don't want my name on that impressive list of yours. Just get me out of town, and up to the mountains, and I'll give you what Darby offered me: a 50-50 split. Mulling it over, Dodge sneaks another peek out the windo
86) 16) dialog: Round. Like the sun. Dodge nods, knowing this to be truth. After a long moment
87) 0) text: While Dodge steers the trawler down the Napo without the the noisy inboard motor, Lara digs through the excelsior- crate, finding a neatly packaged (in brown paper and string) CHA CLOTHES.
87) 3) dialog: Bite?
87) 5) dialog: Someplace I can change?
87) 7) dialog: How charming. Dodge waits for Lara to disappear behind the closed curta grabs up the note.
87) 9) dialog: Oh, just the man I live with. Dodge glances back at the curtain. The single light above casts an enticing SILHOUETTE of Lara as she disrobes.
87) 12) dialog: Quite. Karak's much older. Very wise, very distinguished. Frankly, I'm lucky to have him. She's smiling, knowing how this must sound.
87) 15) dialog: And why is that?
87) 17) dialog: Good answer. Dodge gives her new outfit a once-over.
87) 20) dialog: Hope you've got a plan B.
87) 31) text: Lara and Dodge wade through the murky water, along with D floating duffel. Their shallow breathing echoes as the fl beams cut through the water all around them.
87) 32) dialog: (whispers; sarcastic) Of course the nice thing about this plan is that if they open fire, we'll be dead instantly.
88) 0) text: Lara and Dodge canoe up to Dodge's SEAPLANE, which is hid vegetation overhanging the edges of the tributary.
89) 0) text: Dodge and Lara toss their bags into the back of the four- Dodge fires up the ignition, setting the propellers in fitful motion...until they stop.
89) 1) dialog: You need me to get out and push?
89) 3) dialog: Bit forward, aren't we? Fiddling with wires, Dodge sets the props back into actio
89) 5) dialog: Date's over. I see flashlights. Sure enough, oncoming FLASHLIGHT BEAMS streak through the Dodge ignores them, concentrating instead on taxiing the seapla onto the Napo. As the flashlights draw closer and brighter, Dodge points seaplane up river where the vegetation is less dense. UZI GUNFIRE the night sky as Dodge throttles the seaplane down the watery
89) 7) dialog: Naturally you accounted for this.
89) 9) dialog: The trawler still floats in circles upstream, completely their river runway!
89) 12) dialog: (slightly shaken) That brought back memories.
92) 0) text: Oblivious to the tracking device, Lara types on her lapto
92) 2) dialog: These hieroglyphics imply the Black Veil is hidden in Machu Picchu.
92) 5) dialog: Watch the drool. Eyes on the sky. Lara isolates a section of hieroglyphics and instructs th to "translate." As the new text begins to scroll:
92) 6) dialog: We're looking for a city the Incas called "Bed of Gold." That's where we'll find the Veil shrine. Dodge shoots Lara an astonished look.
92) 8) dialog: Wanna make it 22? Off Dodge's consenting smile, we;
93) 1) text: Dodge looks at Lara, who is taking a peaceful catnap in t passenger seat. Cutting the engine, Dodge stares at her for a momen glimpsing the young girl beneath the tough exterior. Lara him staring and blinks awake.
93) 2) dialog: (groggy smile) I was just dreaming that we found what we're looking for.
93) 7) dialog: The real problem's going to be this metamorphic rock. She tests the piton, which loosens as the rock crumples.
93) 9) dialog: Of course you can. I used to be terrified of elevators. My father's trick was keeping my mind off the moment. Dodge pulls a half-empty BOTTLE OF SCOTH from his duffel.
93) 11) dialog: We'll talk about anything. Except what we're doing. Just look up and stay positive. Lara fastens the rope from above to her belt winch.
93) 12) dialog: I'll take lead and secure your guide line. All you have to do is hold on.
93) 18) dialog: Favorite movie!?
93) 22) dialog: "Vertigo!" Lara lowers down to Dodge's side.
93) 23) dialog: Only teasing. This offers no comfort to Dodge, who looks seasick. Lara his carabiner to a new guide line.
93) 24) dialog: Relax. I can almost see the top. The winds bump their bodies together, causing friction.
93) 26) dialog: I've tried it scared. Not as much fun. As Lara ascends, Dodge is buffeted again by the winds, th spinning him around several times. INSERT SHOT: Dodge's anchor pin starts to pull from the s Lara traverses a difficult outcropping by moving hand-ove until she finds purchase for her foot. Just as she reaches the large, overgrown plateau with RUINS... INSERT SHOT: Dodge's anchor pin pulls from the stone. Dodge yells as he FREE FALLS down the mountain face! Lara sees what's coming and tries to brace herself -- PRI Dodge's guide line goes taut and starts to pull Lara down Sliding back over the edge, Lara somehow manages to brac legs spread wide -- catching a rock with each foot. Dodge jerks to a stop! His guide line belt SNAPPING A BUC busting open...leaving Dodge dangling by his hands! He no the mistake of looking down at the dizzying height.
93) 27) dialog: 
93) 29) dialog: Here I come! Timing her last rappel perfectly, Lara propels herself la well...swinging at Dodge just as his own swing reaches it Like an acrobat, Lara scoops up Dodge in one arm -- he re belt and grabs onto her tightly. Together they swing, spinning in the wind like dancers on cloud... across the mountain face until Lara catches a crag with h and brings their thrill ride to an end. Their resulting embrace couldn't be any more intimate. Th no closer together. This shared near-death moment has left b them breathless with a nearly post-coital bliss.
93) 30) dialog: So was that good for you?
93) 32) dialog: (smirks) Maybe on the way back down.
95) 0) text: At 6,000 feet the view from this majestic promontory is breathtaking. Lara stands at the very edge of the plateau staring down awash in distant memories.
95) 4) dialog: If I understand the computer translation correctly, it's directly beneath us. We're supposed to use the "Stairway from the Stars."
95) 7) dialog: It's not a joke. It's a secret. You don't see the combination to Fort Knox posted on the net, do you?
95) 9) dialog: (echoes his line) I prefer to improvise.
95) 10) text: Cute. Real cute. Lara drops to her knees, inspects the area where the ston meet the floor slab. Dodge joins her, still skeptical.
95) 11) dialog: This stairwell appears to move, so all we need to find is the trigger. Dodge looks around at the vast ruins.
95) 13) dialog: (ignores him) What is the preeminent symbol in Incan culture?
95) 15) dialog: Very good, Nathaniel. And can you tell me what the most important date on the Incan calendar is? Dodge rolls his eyes but answers:
95) 17) dialog: The translation said: "On Inti Rami, the last rays of the sun will walk a stairway from the stars. (beat) I'll wager you my 50% in gold that the trigger appears at sunset.
95) 19) dialog: Easy. All I need are your shades.
95) 22) dialog: (CONT'D)
96) 0) text: FIND Lara seated atop a section of ruins with her LAPTOP working on an sophisticated ASTRONOMICAL PROGRAM.
96) 1) dialog: ..we need to compensate for a declination of the sun by approximately 13%.
96) 3) dialog: That means the first one needs to be about three more feet to your right. Dodge plants the first "mirror" in a crevasse facing the
96) 5) dialog: I told you. I promised Darby I'd see this through. (beat; re: mirrors) The second one gets reversed about ten feet that way.
96) 7) dialog: Excuse me?
96) 9) dialog: (interrupts) -- you can never be prepared for everything. (beat; re: mirrors) Third one goes atop that fountain.
96) 11) dialog: I needed you, didn't I?
96) 13) dialog: Okay, we don't have much time left. The fourth mirror goes --
96) 16) dialog: If it's about the money, Dodge, you can have the entire lot. 100%. Dodge crouches in front of her. Eyes fixed on hers.
96) 18) dialog: (hesitates) I guess this is one of those situations I'm not prepared for. Finally, Dodge rises with a resigned sigh.
96) 20) dialog: Reverse it, and ten feet to the left. As Dodge places the final mirror:
96) 22) dialog: We'll know. In less than a minute. Lara and Dodge watch the sun slowly sinking beneath the h the last rays of sunshine glint off the first lens it bou light back to the second lens...then reflects it back to lens...and finally the fourth.
96) 25) dialog: Obviously. Lara has circled around the back of the steps where she p that the beam of sunlight has pierced a SMALL IMPERFECTIO of the stair's stone seams...sending a thin beam of light al across the ruins to an ORNAMENTU STONE protruding from th remains of a TEMPLE. And then the beam disappears. The su
96) 27) dialog: Haven't you ever noticed there are no imperfections in Incan masonry? Lara starts jogging over to the collapsed temple, while D at the stairs, taking a seat.
96) 28) dialog: That crack is there by design. Lara reaches the ornamental stone, and as Dodge watches f stairs, Lara gives the stone a once-over, then pushes it hands... THE STAIRS RUMBLE TO LIFE BENEATH DODGE! He jumps from hi as: a PASSAGE opens at the base of the stairs and the entire corkscrews down into the ground. Dodge looks incredulously across the ruins at Lara.
96) 29) dialog: Lucky you didn't take my wager.
97) 2) dialog: Not so fast. Where Dodge's next step would have been, Lara fires her g invisible PRESSURE PAD to trigger a maniacal flurry of ac
97) 5) dialog: (serious) And you still might. Somewhere down here is the Inca's most sacred and well-guarded shrine. You want to come with me, I've got to know you aren't going to get us killed.
97) 7) text: Works for me. Lara moves past Dodge, wielding her own FLASHLIGHT as she them both across the foyer to a long, dark and narrow STONE PA with a DOORWAY at the other end.
97) 8) dialog: See these floor tiles? A favorite Incan trick.
97) 10) dialog: No, the Incans were smarter than that. The first set of traps is a misdirect. Designed to make you think every trap can be pre- sprung. (hands Dodge flashlight) Hold this. Keep it ahead of me.
98) 0) text: Lara walks slowly out onto floor tiles, eyes scanning the harmless-seeming periphery.
98) 1) dialog: The unsuspecting tomb raider walks confidently onto the tiles never even seeing what hit him... She gestures for Dodge to shine the flashlight at the cei
98) 2) dialog: ...because he forgot to look up -- --SLUURSH! A MASSIVE BLADE drops down like a guillotine f ceiling...forcing Lara to somersault forward, nearly clea the hits just keep coming -- -- SWUUUSH! SWUUUSH! TWO CIRCULAR BLADES scissor simultan from the walls nearly beheading Lara, who dives to the ground to safety just as -- -- CRUNCH! CRUNCH! CRUNCH! BOULDERS drop like deadly hail around Lara, collapsing the floor tiles and revealing SPI beneath them. Lara sprints across the rapidly checkerboar to the DOOR at the end of the room...but the door is only a Lara reacts as -- -- THWIT-THWIT-THWIT-THWIT! DARTS shoot from the faux doo prompting Lara to instinctively SIDE-FLIP to safety...but only for because -- -- CRAAAACK! THE FLOOR TILES give way beneath her, just a spots an ELEVATED PASSAGEWAY. She leaps for and barely catches the passage. While Lara hangs there: Dodge watches in awe as: THE ENTIRE ROOM RESTORES ITSELF incredible seconds! Floor tiles hinge back into place, bl disappear back into walls, etc. Not even any boulders. With a tremendous show of strength, Lara now pulls hersel a HANCSTAND on the lip, then gracefully executes a WALKOVER passageway. Breathing hard, but utterly composed, she tur and gestures to Dodge.
98) 3) dialog: Your turn.
99) 0) text: Lara walks slowly through the flat passage, FLASHLIGHT in Behind her we can hear Dodge's EXCLAMATIONS as he makes his way last set of traps. Finally, Dodge catches up with Lara, p
99) 3) text: You're still alive. That's all that matters -- (gestures) -- Stop! Don't move. Lara can just barely make out the end of the elevated pas before them: A SMALL PIT.
99) 5) dialog: That pit ahead. Not a good sign. She turns back, flashlight illuminating the entrance thro they entered; they are at about the midway point of the p Removing a BULLET from her gun, Lara drops the ammo on th where it starts rolling towards the pit. Rolling and roll indicating an incline which is not at all evident inside passageway.
99) 7) dialog: The walls. They're an optical illusion. Makes us feel like we're on level ground so we don't expect the massive boulder that's going to crush us.
99) 9) dialog: Oh dear. THE PASSAGEWAY RUMBLES as a MASSIVE BOULDER drops down fr ceiling about 20 yards behind them. As Lara and Dodge spr towards the pit -- -- TWO HANGING BLADES PENDULUM DOWN IN THEIR PATH swingin sync and making passage through them impossible. While Dodge l in mounting fear at the oncoming boulder, Lara studies the s blades.
99) 10) dialog: You take the near, I'll take the far!
99) 12) dialog: Better get the rust out, Dodge! Dodge takes one quick look back at the onrolling boulder fills about 3/4 of the passageway) before he leaps! Clinging on near blade's wooden stem just like Lara -- -- SAAAAAAAAAAASH!!! The boulder plows through both blade snapping them off at the wooden stems inches below Lara and Dodge' They both drop safely down to the passageway as the boulder co rolling into the pit.
99) 13) dialog: Having fun yet?
100) 0) text: They climb from the pit up to ledge overlooking a rectang temple filled with water. The only visible way across the temple GOLDEN DOORWAY on the other side -- is via 10 VERTICAL P spaced dauntingly apart. Lara's FLASHLIGHT reveals the WATER IS with unseen menace.
100) 3) dialog: Very hungry barracuda. (beat) No margin for error here. Lara takes a few steps back, runs and LEAPS to the first pulling herself up on top... A TALL FLAME ignites from the top center of the pillar! ( pillars ignite as well creating an eerie, deadly spectacl Instinctively, Lara BACKFLIPS...executing a HALF TWIST in she lunges back for the ledge -- -- Dodge grabs Lara by the arm as she comes up short! Dan the edge by one hand -- feet skimming the water -- Lara n problems immediately: 1) Her shorts are ON FIRE!, and; 2)
100) 5) dialog: Lucky for me you were here.
100) 8) dialog: Nothing's impossible. Theoretically. Dodge watches Lara pace back and forth on the ledge, her attacking the problem at hand.
100) 9) dialog: If I wasn't out of winch cable we could easily traverse this room.
100) 11) dialog: Yes, but those jumps can only be made with a running start. After the first pillar you're stuck -- -- Lara snaps her fingers with an idea.
100) 12) dialog: Got it! She shines her flashlight on the base of the first pillar
100) 13) dialog: See the erosion at the water line? Same thing on all the pillars.
100) 15) dialog: -- It's the only way. But it'll require our combined body weight. Lara offers Dodge her hand.
100) 16) dialog: You still with me, Dodge?
100) 18) dialog: You know, I think we make a pretty decent team.
101) 0) text: Entering through the golden archway, Lara and Dodge disco stunning SHRINE built in the middle of a massive subterra cavern, partially collapsed from years of earthquakes.
101) 2) dialog: I know exactly how you feel. Lara starts CRACKING FLARES, tossing them around the cave ROCKS and DEBRIS litter the periphery.
101) 4) dialog: Only one stone bends like this... Dodge is thinking exactly the same thing as he polishes t column with his shirt sleeve.
101) 8) dialog: I have a feeling it gets better... Lara moves into the center of the shrine to a GOLDEN STAT (the sun god) holding a crude-cut obsidian BOWL atop an o pedestal. (This is the same object depicted in Manco's bu chamber.)
101) 9) dialog: Here it is. The Black Veil.
101) 11) dialog: Every culture has legends about a magical device which turns ordinary metals into gold -- The Crow's Head, The Philosopher's Stone. But the stories are usually cautionary tales about the evils of greed.
101) 13) dialog: Legends say to make it work, you must clasp the bowl with both hands and visualize the desired transformation -- the Veil's magic is powered by the soul of the user. Dodge clasps the bowl as instructed, staring down intentl silver ring. When nothing happens after 20 seconds, Dodge embarrassedly hands the bowl to Lara.
101) 18) text: We're rich, Lara! We're filthy rich! As Dodge's euphoria dies down they stop spinning. Now Dod Lara find their faces mere inches apart. A beat.
101) 20) dialog: (sincere) It's all yours, Dodge. Truly. You deserve this. Lara's statement inexplicably chills Dodge, who pulls bac
101) 22) dialog: (bemused) I don't understand. What's the rush?
101) 30) dialog: Flooding the world's gold market isn't going to solve anything.
101) 36) dialog: (realizes) You sold me out. You led them here. Dodge, feeling the pressure now, tries to explain to Lara Unexpectedly, drops to one knee.
101) 38) dialog: ..unless I thought I could trust you.
101) 40) dialog: And I thought chivalry was dead. Lara ROUNDHOUSE PUNCHES Dodge with such force he
101) 42) dialog: You want me dead, Malvern? Do it yourself. Malvern smiles at the challenge, considering the notion.
101) 51) dialog: We've got to get you out of here. Back on her feet, Lara doesn't listen to Dodge's speech; focused eyes scan the periphery searching for escape.
101) 53) dialog: The BENT GOLD COLUMN she saw earlier now slopes up to a in the ceiling. It's a tight squeeze but STARS can be seen a way out.
101) 56) dialog: You can still make it, Dodge! Don't you dare give up on me now! Lara keeps dragging Dodge, just as she dragged her father the shrine. She's reverting back to that defining moment in h trying to convince herself:
101) 57) dialog: It's gonna be fine...gonna be fine. ANOTHER TREMOR ROCKS THE CAVERN! Tearing the shrine in ha forming a LARGE FISSURE between Lara, Dodge and the escap Dodge grabs onto Lara's arm for emphasis:
101) 59) dialog: Don't leave me, Dodge. Please. Lara's eyes are welling with tears. Dodge reaches a hand face, tries to wipes away thirteen years of pain.
101) 60) text: You can beat every trap there is, Lara. But sometimes you can't beat death. No matter how good you are. They kiss. Like they wanted to the first time they met. A passionate confession, a cruel hint at what could have been. A tende that leaves Lara's lip quivering.
101) 62) dialog: She is staring at a jump much like the one she had to mak monastery, only further. And this time the lower ground o other side is much less forgiving than snow.
101) 64) dialog: I don't think I can do this, Dodge!
101) 66) dialog: Anything with Buster Keaton.
101) 68) dialog: The entire SHRINE has collapsed. Dodge is gone.
102) 0) text: Lara barely squeezes up through the surface FISSURE just Malvern's helicopter -- battling the fierce CROSSWINDS -- flees the heading for the distant Pacific ocean. Without hesitation Lara sprints for the edge of the plate reclips a carabiner to the guide line she used earlier. L disappears over the edge. And the chase is on.
103) 0) text: Lara, now dressed in a scuba suit, has one eye on the sky on Dodge's shipping map. In the distance, Lara can just make outlines of a shipping vessel all lit up on the ocean. Pu her
103) 2) dialog: The night-vision filter gives the world a GREEN GLOW. The
104) 0) text: The seaplane circles around high in the air, then sets do rolling waves a mile or so ahead of Malvern's ship. A bea Lara dives from the plane into the water. WE HEAR the shipping vessel approaching in the distance, accompanied by oncoming lights. A HORN blares.
107) 0) text: Lara climbs aboard and creeps around the lower deck past HUEY HELICOPTER parked on the heliport. Lara is on full a both guns drawn, but curiously there doesn't seem to be a topside. So she finds a HATCH providing access to the lev
108) 0) text: Lara quietly searches the corridors for signs of life. Su she presses her back against the wall... CLANK-CLANK-CLANK. The sounds of footsteps on the metal f heading her way. Lara ducks into a side room...
109) 0) text: Lara looks around a room filled with a grisly variety of
110) 0) text: The Aussie Guard doesn't see Lara creep up behind him.
110) 1) dialog: Howdy mate. The Aussie spins to see Lara's guns pointed at him.
110) 3) dialog: Fair enough. Lara PISTOL-WHIPS the guard, who hits the deck, out cold. quickly searches him...but finds that his holster is curiously em
111) 0) text: Descending a ladder, Lara finds herself deep in the bowel ship. As she peers around a corner:
111) 1) dialog: Two people in HAZ-MAT suits walk down the corridor. They room via a temporary AIR LOCK constructed around a HEAVILY REI
111) 6) dialog: Well isn't this a switch. Lara holsters her guns. The Haz-Mat Aussie visibly relaxe is when Lara delivers a vicious KICK to the groin. After the doubles over, Lara removes his helmet and drops him where with an UPPERCUT.
112) 0) text: Lara emerges from a room wearing the Aussie's haz-mat sui heads for the REINFORCED DOOR, entering like she belongs. But L prepared for the sight that greets her inside.
113) 0) text: The room where the ship's catch was gutted, sliced and pr has been converted into a makeshift factory floor. Lara discr stashes her GUNS behind a shipping crate. On one side, two haz-mat-suited TECHS delicately load MET
113) 3) dialog: (eyes wide; sotto) Plutonium. Lara finally arrives at the front of the line. Malvern lo and moist, the process clearly draining him. He waits for drop her scrap iron into the Veil...but she doesn't have any.
113) 7) dialog: Better us than the rest of the world. The conviction in Lara's voice gives pause to Malvern.
113) 9) dialog: What's the point to all this, Malvern? End of the world? That your game? As he speaks, Malvern hits some buttons on a CONTROL PANE the view room -- we can't see exactly what he's doing.
113) 11) dialog: Dump all the plutonium overboard and then we'll talk. Larsen whispers something to Malvern, who smiles.
114) 0) text: Lara is now out of sight from the view room. Larsen shoot a confused look.
115) 0) text: Lara leans against the back wall of the locker, which is with CRATES OF STORED, SHIELDED PLUTONIUM. Her breathing extremely labored now, Lara slides down the a sitting position. Her eyes show the understandable panic through her veins. But then her eyes focus on the Black V hands, still filled with plutonium. With the last reserv strength she has, Lara closes her eyes and concentrates. BLACK SMO to billow from the Veil, sucked into the AIR VENTS overhead.
117) 1) dialog: Liquid nitrogen. Dodge whirls around to find Lara armed with a SPEAR HOOK.
117) 2) dialog: The Veil works with any element. Malvern turns to run, but Lara snags him on the thigh wit spear hook, then yanks him back -- he lands at her feet, his ha torn exposing bleeding flesh.
117) 3) text: Now you know how those whales felt. Lara twirls around the spear hook, switching to the woode end, and SMASHES Malvern's face plate!
118) 0) text: Lara enters the view room, removes her helmet and watches regain consciousness.
118) 1) dialog: (over intercom) Here's an interesting fact: with the amount of radiation presently soaking into your body, the rest of your journey to Australia will be a painful one indeed. Malvern sits up, slowly comprehending his predicament.
118) 2) dialog: First, you'll be overcome with nausea. Next comes the blood from every orifice -- very messy. Then out falls the hair, which in your case may be more of a blessing. And finally, if you're still alive, you go deaf, dumb and blind. Not necessarily in that order. (beat) G'Day. As Lara leaves, Malvern bangs furiously on the plexiglass he remembers a way out and heads for COLD STORAGE.
119) 0) text: Stripped back to her scuba outfit, Lara hurries up a ladd finds herself in the middle of an assortment of CRATES. Various indicate that the crates contain weapons and ammunition. a crate marked "DANGER: EXPLOSIVES!" Inside are a dozen SM
121) 0) text: Lara hops into the chopper, placing the METALLIC BOX onto next to her. She quickly gets the rotors going and starts from the deck...but not before Larsen jumps from the side of t and grabs onto the landing struts! After Larsen pulls himself up into the back of the choppe
122) 2) text: Abandoning the now useless controls, Lara reaches for the
124) 0) text: Lara and Larsen continue to slug it out inside the choppe lurches on the end of the harpoon line -- Lara goes tumbl against the wall. Larsen takes the opportunity to grab back the m box, which he raises above his head to smash in Lara's skull.
124) 1) dialog: You wanna know how British girls really like it? Larsen hesitates for just a second, allowing Lara to KIC the open side of the chopper.
124) 2) dialog: With us on top.
126) 0) text: Lara cleverly maneuvers the chopper so that the steel cab around the Aussie at the controls of the harpoon gun...
127) 0) text: Malvern reaches down and takes the metallic box from Lars faint TICKING can be heard. A worried look crosses Malvern's fa opens the box to see Lara's ruse: CU - A BRICK OF PLASTIOUE rigged to blow in five seconds!
128) 0) text: Lara pitches the Huey so she can get a clear view of the gun, then uses the cable to crush the Aussie at the controls a harpoon RELEASE LEVER -- Klank! Finally free and clear, Lara pushes the Huey to its limit away from the ship as THE NIGHT SKY GOES RED!
129) 0) text: The red flash fades to white, revealing A NUCLEAR MUSHRO up from the water. The Huey Helicopter flies right at the ca chased by the ENERGY WAVE. But Lara never looks back. And as the helicopter hits escape velocity, we;
130) 0) text: Lara, relaxing in the back seat, finishing the article.
130) 1) dialog: Bravo, boys. She kisses two fingers and applies the sentiment to each picture. Karak drives with one eye on Lara in the rear-view mirror
130) 3) dialog: Wonderfully so, Karak.
130) 5) dialog: Yes. (pause) Yes, I think I finally did.
131) 0) text: This impressive West End flat is peopled with ELDERLY MEN and AGING WOMEN draped in demure dresses and ostentatious jew Ev flits about, hosting a cocktail party for the upper crust British society. Suddenly, the din of vapid conversation drops a notch. Al especially male -- fall firmly upon: LARA crossing the room in black stiletto heels and a shee red dress that hides everything...and yet nothing. Oddly, she carrying a BRIEFCASE. As Lara confidently makes her way across the room, the se party- goers parts magically before her. Aunt Ev spots her and h over.
131) 2) dialog: It was a brilliant suggestion, Aunt Ev. May we speak alone for a moment?
132) 0) text: Lara and Evelyn enter a lushly-decorated sitting room. A from the hearth illuminates the room. Lara opens her brie pulls out a stack of LEGAL PAPERS.
132) 1) dialog: I've signed the paperwork, as promised.
132) 3) dialog: Oh, I almost forgot -- I brought you a little souvenir from my travels... She hands her aunt THE BLACK VEIL.
132) 7) dialog: Oh, here and there... Impatient, Evelyn finally crams the Black Veil in a lower hole, completely out of sight.
132) 8) dialog: I would love to stay, but I have another very important engagement.
132) 10) dialog: (deadpan; teases her) Actually, there are three of them. Off of Evelyn's confounded look, we;
133) 0) text: Her red dress hiked up, Lara sits on a stool between the Boys --Stuart, Liam & Wesley. They are all drinking from a pin ale.
133) 4) dialog: Such imaginations... Lara enjoys her beer as the TV above the bar broadcasts a
133) 8) dialog: (feigns indignation) Let me remind you, I am a proper British girl. The Gadget Boys aren't sure what to believe as Lara finis beer in one big, unladylike swig.
133) 9) dialog: Most of the time anyway. Lara's sly smirk elicits smiles from the boys, as we;