2) 1) text: KIT CARRUTHERS, the hero, a 25-year-old garbageman, kneel a dead dog. He inspects it briefly. then looks back at hi and co-worker, CATO, a stocky man in his forties. 
2) 3) dialog: I'm not going to eat him for a dollar... I don't think he collie, either. Some kind of dog. They drive off. 
4) 8) dialog: Catch!
58) 0) text: We see a flat expanse of the Badlands. The Mercury appear the horizon and heads toward a solitary house. A man appe the door of the house, Kit's friend, Cato.  HOLLY (v.o.) We went to hide out with a friend of Kit's from the days garbage route.
59) 0) text: Kit gets out of the car, takes a chicken from the back se walks over to face Cato. He keeps a safe distance. 
59) 2) dialog: Not bad. Kit steps forward, rifle in hand, and offers Cato the chi
59) 5) dialog: Running this place for a fella in town. Nothing much to s
60) 3) dialog: Yeah, I guess. KIT (o.c.) She plays the clarinet, too. Holly smiles politely. 
60) 5) dialog: Sometimes. The other day, though, an old boy was plowing field over there, found some old Spanish coins.
61) 0) text: Kit, Holly and Cato walk out to the field where Cato hear coins were found. Holly picks up a pot lid. 
61) 2) dialog: Kit... Maybe I'd better get a shovel.
61) 4) dialog: I'll catch up with you.
61) 9) dialog: The shovel's in the truck. Kit raises his gun and shoots Cato through the belly. CAT then gets to his feet and stumbles toward the front door house. Kit follows him for a while, then skips forward an the door for him. 
62) 0) text: Cato falls on his bed and rolls over to face Kit. Kit wal calmly and picks up a photo on the bureau.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit never let on why he'd shot Cato. He said that just ta about it could bring us bad luck and that right now we ne the luck we could get. Kit sets the photo down.  KIT (o.c.) You never told me about her. He looks under the bed, then walks out the door. 
64) 0) text: As they bicker in the other room, Cato inspects his face mirror.  KIT (o.c.) Why don't you go in there and keep him company for a whil Holly walks in the door. 
64) 3) dialog: Yeah.
64) 5) dialog: Oh, flies... grasshoppers when I can catch 'em.
64) 7) dialog: He never bit me. We hear the sound of a car HORN in the distance. HOLLY turns and looks. 
68) 0) text: Cato lies motionless, on his bed. Holly steps forward and him with a yardstick, like a child touching a snake.  HOLLY (v.o.) Suddenly, I was thrown into a state of shock...
69) 0) text: Kit, rifle in hand, lumbers out a side door of the house Cato over his shoulder. He steers for a nearby box car th evidently served Cato as a shed.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit was the most trigger happy person I'd ever met. He cl that as long as you're playing for keeps and the law is c you, it's considered okay to shoot all witnesses. You had the consequences, though, and not whine about it later. Kit opens the doors of the box car. and dumps Cato inside closing the doors he checks Cato's shoes. to see if they ones he gave him. Holly looks on from the side of the hou twenty yards away. 