8) 0) text: Holly walks into the back yard, where her father is worki Half-painted signs lean against the garage. 
8) 1) dialog: Who was that?
8) 5) dialog: What'd he want?
13) 4) text: Holly's father paints a picture. using a stereopticon to with his backgrounds. TRACK with Kit driving down a stree Mercury. Holly sits watching football practice.  HOLLY (v.o.) Of course I had to keep all this a secret from my dad. He would've had a fit, since Kit was ten years older than me came from the wrong side of the tracks, so called. Our ti each other was limited and each lived for the precious ho he or she could be with the other away from all the cares world.
22) 0) text: Holly's dog bounds through a stand of cattails. Holly spe angrily to her father, who walks toward the dog with a gu not hear their voices, only music. He shoots the dog and runs off in horror.  HOLLY (v.o.) Then, sure enough, Dad found out I'd been running around his back. He was madder than I'd ever seen him. As punish deceiving him, he went and shot my dog.
23) 0) text: Holly's father drags a duffel bag out of his truck and du over the side of a bridge, into a river. It goes under br then bobs to the surface. The current takes it off. 
25) 0) text: Kit approaches Holly's father, who is hard at work, paint billboard along a deserted stretch of road. Kit is eating peach. 
25) 2) dialog: What'd you come out here for?
25) 6) dialog: Is that right?
25) 10) dialog: Well, it's not good enough. (pause) Just what do you thin happen to her if she stuck around with you, Kit? Guy like
25) 12) dialog: You get out of here. I don't want you hanging around any You understand? He lets these words sink in, then returns to his seat. 
25) 13) dialog: (shaking his head) You're something. Kit waves goodbye. 
25) 15) text: LONG SHOT of father at work at billboard. Kit approaches house, collects the evening newspaper from the sidewalk, knocks on the front door. Holly's father picks her up fro outside the music school. Kit, when he gets no answer, en house. The jeep, with Holly and her father, rumbles down residential street. 
26) 0) text: Kit is going through Holly's dresser, throwing her things suitcase. A pistol is visible in his back pocket. Suddenl Holly's father appears in the dresser mirror, standing at of the hall outside the bedroom.  Kit walks forward to greet him. The CAMERA DOLLIES with h
26) 2) dialog: What're you doing?
26) 4) dialog: What do you think you're doing? Go on, get out of here.
26) 6) dialog: Okay, boy, I'm turning you over to the authorities. Kit steps forward as Holly's father starts down the stair
26) 8) dialog: For coming onto my property... With a gun.
27) 0) text: Holly's father turns and walks into the living room. Kit down the stairs. Holly shouts his name. 
29) 0) text: Kit touches the father's heart. 
31) 0) text: Kit drags Holly's father into the cellar. sets him down g then eases out of the room, taking a discarded toaster wi
39) 0) text: Various objects around the house burst into flames a picture we saw on the stairs. some peacock feathers, a  cantaloupe and a pomegranate left on the kitchen table, t living room, Holly's bedroom, the bed itself, a doll on t an A&amp;W Root Beer sign outside the house, a water can, swirling out the front of the house. Holly's father in CL the cellar, sheet music lifting off the piano. etc. At le CAMERA PANS over the charred frame of Holly's bed. Outsid fireman moves with a flashlight through the embers of the