1) 0) text: The time is 1959. HOLLY SARGIS, the 15-year-old heroine, her bed, petting her dog. The CAMERA DOLLIES BACK as she
3) 0) text: Holly, whispering some rhyme to herself, twirls a baton i middle of an empty street.  HOLLY (v.o.) Little did I realize that what began in the alleys and ba of this quiet town would end in the Badlands of Montana.
5) 0) text: Kit walks through the deserted alleys of the sleeping tow the MAIN TITLES APPEAR. He balances a stolen mop on his f he stomps a can and looks around to see if anyone has spo at this. As the CREDITS end he sees Holly in front of her twirling her baton. He crosses the street and introduces
6) 2) dialog: No.
6) 4) dialog: Holly.
6) 6) dialog: What for?
7) 0) text: They walk down the middle of the street. Holly has accept offer. 
7) 2) dialog: It's okay.
7) 4) dialog: You still in school?
7) 7) dialog: That's my father. I got to run.
7) 9) dialog: Well, I know what my daddy's going to say. KIT (o.c.) What?
7) 10) dialog: Can I be honest?
7) 12) dialog: Well, that I shouldn't be seen with anybody that collects garbage. KIT (o.c.) He'll say that?
7) 13) dialog: Yeah. KIT (o.c.) Now what's he know about garbage, huh?
7) 14) dialog: Nothing. KIT (o.c.) There you go.
7) 15) dialog: Well, I mean there's nothing he wants to know about it... got to run. She waves goodbye and runs off. Kit waves back. 
8) 0) text: Holly walks into the back yard, where her father is worki Half-painted signs lean against the garage. 
8) 2) dialog: Just some boy. He throws some paint off his brush onto the ground. 
8) 3) dialog: Is that going to kill the grass? He flicks his brush teasingly at her feet. She retreats t chair, giggling. 
8) 4) dialog: You got some on my feet.
8) 6) dialog: Just wanted to know if we needed any yardwork done... I s and for him not to bother us.
10) 0) text: Holly sees Kit approaching the house.  HOLLY (v.o.) He was handsomer than anybody I'd ever met. He looked jus James Dean. She walks out the front door. 
10) 2) dialog: Well, stop the world.
10) 4) dialog: Great.
10) 6) dialog: Spanish. KIT (o.c.) How do you say "Quit my Job" in Spanish?
10) 7) dialog: Something mi trabajo. Kit offers her a cigarette, which she declines. 
10) 9) dialog: I don't know. He pulls himself up onto the bannister beside her. 
10) 12) dialog: Well, I got homework. KIT (o.c.) Bring it along. His forwardness surprises her. 
11) 4) dialog: I know.
11) 6) dialog: Yeah, but I don't like it.
11) 8) dialog: Just don't... I've got a headache.
12) 0) text: We see Kit at work at the feedlot. throwing hay to the ca feeding them pills, etc.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit went to work in the feedlot while I carried on with m studies. Little by little we fell in love... As I'd never popular in school and didn't have a lot of personality, I surprised that he took such a liking to me, especially wh could've had any other girl in town if he'd given it half The MONTAGE includes a shot of Holly running toward Kit's some rendezvous.  HOLLY (v.o.) He said that I was grand, though, that he wasn't interest for sex and that coming from him this was a compliment. H never met a fifteen-year-old girl who behaved more like a and wasn't giggly. He didn't care what anybody else thoug looked good to him, and whatever I did was okay, and if I have a lot to say, well, that was okay, too.
13) 0) text: Kit and Holly are sitting under a tree. playing cards on blanket. Holly surveys the area. 
13) 1) dialog: What a nice place. KIT (absorbed in game) Yeah, the tree makes it nice.
13) 2) dialog: And the flowers... Let's not pick them. They're so nice.
13) 4) text: Holly's father paints a picture. using a stereopticon to with his backgrounds. TRACK with Kit driving down a stree Mercury. Holly sits watching football practice.  HOLLY (v.o.) Of course I had to keep all this a secret from my dad. He would've had a fit, since Kit was ten years older than me came from the wrong side of the tracks, so called. Our ti each other was limited and each lived for the precious ho he or she could be with the other away from all the cares world.
14) 0) text: Kit and Holly are necking underneath some bleachers. In t distance we hear the NOISE of the football practice. 
14) 1) dialog: My stomach's growling.
14) 3) dialog: No. Kit laughs, and starts her laughing, too. 
14) 5) dialog: I don't care.
14) 7) text: Kit in CLOSEUP at a fence in the feedlot, an intense look face.  VARIOUS ANGLES of the cattle in their pens. They look num morose.  TIGHT SHOT of Holly necking with Kit.  HOLLY (v.o.) In the stench and slime of the feedlot, he'd remember how looked the night before, how I ran my hand through his ha traced the outline of his lips with my fingertip. He want die with me, and I dreamed of being lost forever in his a
15) 0) text: TIGHT SHOT of Holly's pet catfish in a bowl.  CUT TO WIDE SHOT of Holly with gloves on carrying the fis through the garden in back of her house. She looks around then throws it out among the melons.  HOLLY (v.o.) The whole time, the only thing I did wrong was throwing o fish when he got sick. Later I got a new one, but this in kept on bothering me and I turned to Kit.
16) 0) text: Kit and Holly walk down a sidewalk in the residential par town. Kit is consoling her about the fish.  HOLLY (v.o.) I didn't mind telling Kit about stuff like this, cause st things happened in his life, too, and some of the stuff h was strange.
17) 0) text: Kit steps on top of a dead cow, as though to convince him that it is dead.  HOLLY (v.o.) For instance,. he faked his signature whenever he used it keep other people from forging important papers with his
18) 0) text: The CAMERA DOLLIES BACK to reveal Kit lying in bed. His a suggests that this is a scene of her fantasy.  HOLLY (v.o.) And as he lay in bed, in the middle of the night, he alwa a noise like somebody was holding a seashell against his sometimes he'd see me coming toward him in beautiful whit and I'd put my cold hand on his forehead.
19) 0) text: Kit puts on his jacket and heads down a riverbank to the the water. Holly comes into view, buttoning her blouse. 
19) 1) dialog: Did it go the way it 'uz supposed to?
19) 3) dialog: Is that all there is to it?
19) 5) dialog: Gosh, what was everybody talking about?
19) 7) dialog: Well. I'm glad it's over... For a while I was afraid I mi before it happened... Had a wreck, some deal like that. Kit points to an uprooted tree lying in the water a hundr away. 
19) 9) dialog: Yeah... The river must've washed the roots away... You do about anything I say, though.
20) 0) text: Holly walks down the bank of the river. Kit falls in behi carrying a large stone. The CAMERA DOLLIES with them. 
20) 2) dialog: What?
20) 4) dialog: But it would hurt.
20) 6) dialog: Don't call me stupid.
21) 0) text: Kit releases a large red balloon into the evening sky. A basket is fixed to the bottom of the balloon.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit made a solemn vow that he would always stand beside m let nothing come between us. He wrote this out in writing the paper in a box with some of our little tokens and thi then sent it off in a balloon he'd found while on the gar route. (pause) His heart was filled with longing as he wa drift off. Something must've told him that we'd never liv days of happiness again, that they were gone forever.
22) 0) text: Holly's dog bounds through a stand of cattails. Holly spe angrily to her father, who walks toward the dog with a gu not hear their voices, only music. He shoots the dog and runs off in horror.  HOLLY (v.o.) Then, sure enough, Dad found out I'd been running around his back. He was madder than I'd ever seen him. As punish deceiving him, he went and shot my dog.
23) 0) text: Holly's father drags a duffel bag out of his truck and du over the side of a bridge, into a river. It goes under br then bobs to the surface. The current takes it off. 
24) 0) text: Holly sits in the second-story window of a music school.  HOLLY (v.o.) He made me take extra music lessons every day after schoo wait there till he came to pick me up. He said that if th didn't keep me off the streets. maybe the clarinet would.
25) 0) text: Kit approaches Holly's father, who is hard at work, paint billboard along a deserted stretch of road. Kit is eating peach. 
25) 15) text: LONG SHOT of father at work at billboard. Kit approaches house, collects the evening newspaper from the sidewalk, knocks on the front door. Holly's father picks her up fro outside the music school. Kit, when he gets no answer, en house. The jeep, with Holly and her father, rumbles down residential street. 
26) 0) text: Kit is going through Holly's dresser, throwing her things suitcase. A pistol is visible in his back pocket. Suddenl Holly's father appears in the dresser mirror, standing at of the hall outside the bedroom.  Kit walks forward to greet him. The CAMERA DOLLIES with h
27) 0) text: Holly's father turns and walks into the living room. Kit down the stairs. Holly shouts his name. 
27) 2) dialog: Daddy... This is Holly... Are you going to be okay? Her father does not respond. She looks back at Kit, who a her gaze. She gets to her feet and walks nto the kitchen. follows her. 
28) 2) dialog: How bad off is he? KIT (o.c.) I can look and see.
28) 3) dialog: We better call the doctor... Listen. I'll say how it happ part I saw. KIT (sighs) Well... I don't think that'd work. This startles Holly. 
29) 2) dialog: Are you sure?
30) 0) text: LOW ANGLE of Holly's house silhouetted against the evenin On sound the NOISE of CICADAS. 
31) 0) text: Kit drags Holly's father into the cellar. sets him down g then eases out of the room, taking a discarded toaster wi
32) 0) text: Kit comes up the steps from the cellar. Holly stands at t drainboard. 
33) 0) text: Holly sits down on the sofa across from Kit. 
33) 1) dialog: Listen, maybe we ought to tell somebody about this.
33) 3) dialog: Why?
33) 5) dialog: Suppose the neighbors heard the noise?
35) 0) text: Holly comes up the stairs, smoking a cigarette. She walks bedroom window. The CAMERA DOLLIES with her. Outside, und street lamp, she can see two boys trading secrets. 
38) 0) text: Holly comes out the screen door at the back of the house, carrying a suitcase and a painting. Kit appears with a la extension cord. He sets it down beside a victrola he has on a table outdoors. He puts the needle on the record he earlier. Holly watches him as she retreats to the car.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit left a record playing over and over for the District to find. He was gambling for time. Kit unplugs the lamp, lights a book of matches and pitche into a puddle of gas. The back porch of the house explode flame. Kit runs to the car with the lamp, caught off guar force of the flames. They drive off. 
39) 0) text: Various objects around the house burst into flames a picture we saw on the stairs. some peacock feathers, a  cantaloupe and a pomegranate left on the kitchen table, t living room, Holly's bedroom, the bed itself, a doll on t an A&amp;W Root Beer sign outside the house, a water can, swirling out the front of the house. Holly's father in CL the cellar, sheet music lifting off the piano. etc. At le CAMERA PANS over the charred frame of Holly's bed. Outsid fireman moves with a flashlight through the embers of the
40) 0) text: Holly collects her books from a locker at her school and anxiously down a corridor towards the exit.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit made me get my books from school, so I wouldn't fall We'd be starting a new life, he said. and we'd have to ch names. His would be James. Mine would be Priscilla. We'd like spies, somewhere in the North, where people didn't a of questions.
41) 0) text: Holly breaks into a run as she comes through the front do the high school. Kit waits for her at the car. There is n else in sight.  HOLLY (v.o.) I could of snuck out the back or hid in the boiler room, suppose, but I sensed that my destiny now lay with Kit, f better or for worse, and that it was better to spend a we one who loved me for what I was than years of loneliness. She gets into the car and they drive off. 
42) 0) text: Kit studies Holly for signs of her mood. 
43) 0) text: The CAMERA DOLLIES with a tree floating down a swollen ri Cottonwood trees cover the far bank.  HOLLY (v.o.) We hid out In the wilderness,down by a river in a grove o cottonwoods. It being the flood season we built our house trees, with tamarisk walls and willows laid side by side a floor. There wasn't a plant in the forest that didn't c handy.
44) 0) text: Details of Kit and Holly building the treehouse. Kit poun into place wi h a tomahawk; Holly scrapes the bark off a a piece of flint; Kit weaves tamarisk branches through th of the house. This MONTAGE ends with a PAN DOWN the four of the completed treehouse.  HOLLY (v.o.) We planned a huge network of tunnels under the forest flo our first order of business every morning was to decide o password for the day. ow and then weld sneak out at night steal a chicken or a bunch of corn or some melons from a patch... Mostly. though, we just lay on our backs and sta the clouds and sometimes it was like being in a big marbl the way we talked in low voices and heard the tiniest sou
45) 0) text: The CAMERA PANS off Holly's painting, a Maxwell Parrish, asleep with his pistol beside him. then onto Holly under with a box of shells beside her. Her hand quivers once. 
46) 0) text: Kit lifts an egg out of a bird's nest at the top of a tre drops it down to Holly, fifty feet below.  HOLLY (v.o.) They hadn't found but one set of bones in the ashes of th so we knew they'd be looking for us. Kit made sure we'd b prepared.
47) 0) text: Kit cuts a piece of twine that lies across a trail, where ball full of spikes comes swinging down out of the trees. lethal force. Kit ducks out of the way. We next see Kit w dew ag around his forehead, running laps through the wood part of his training. He exhorts himself to greater effor HOLLY (v.o.) He gave me lectures on how a gun works, how to take it ap put it back together again. in case 1 had to carry on wit him. He said that if the Devil came at me, I could shoot a gun.
48) 0) text: Holly struggles through the undergrowth witha yoke over h shoulders, carrying wood back to the teahouse.  HOLLY (v.o.) One day, I carried thirty pounds of wood a distance of fi miles. Another day, while hiding in the forest, I covered with makeup, to see how they'd come out.
49) 0) text: Kit and Holly dance the stroll to the sound of Mickey and on their Zenith portable. Holly shows a better sense of r than Kit. 
50) 0) text: Kit lifts a fish out of the river with a crude device lik lacrosse net. Holly sits on the bank In the b.g. The fish wriggles out of the net and falls back In the water. Kit  struggles in vain to retrieve it.  HOLLY (v.o.) We had our bad moments, like any couple. Kit accused me o being along for the ride,while at times I wished he'd fal river and drown, so I could watch. Kit throws his net down in disgust, partly at Holly. 
51) 0) text: Holly, in curlers, walks over to where Kit is shaving. 
51) 1) dialog: One of the chickens died last night. She pats a little water on her face, dries it with a burl towel, picks up a hatchet and walks off into the forest t the morning's firewood. 
51) 2) dialog: I almost stepped on him.
52) 0) text: Holly sits on the upper deck of the treehouse, reading Ko aloud to Kit. 
52) 1) dialog: "The Kon-Tiki in motion was a little different from what usually was in such conditions. We had become sensitive t changes in the rhythm of the logs. I thought at once of s from the coast, which was drawing near, and was continual on the deck and up the mast..."
52) 3) dialog: "Time passed. At dawn, just before six, Torstein came hur down from the masthead. He could see a whole line of smal clad islands far ahead..."
53) 0) text: Holly walks down the edge of the river, fresh from her ba wrapped in a white sheet. The river is raging, with white visible in places. 
54) 0) text: A strange animal, not a deer or a horse, but like them, m languidly through the thick of the forest. Holly puts dow binoculars, amazed.  HOLLY (v.o.) I grew to love the forest. The cooing of the doves and th dragonflies in the air made it always seem lonesome and l everybody's dead and gone...
55) 0) text: Kit sits in the crow's nest at the top of the treehouse, through a copy of National Geographic. amused by what he looking around to find somebody he can share it with.  HOLLY (v.o.) When the leaves rustled overhead, it was like the spirits whispering about all the little things that bothered 'em.
56) 0) text: Kit is fishing with his crude net. He stops briefly to wa truck passing down the highway In the distance, then goes work. This stretch of river seems dangerously close to  civilization.  HOLLY (v.o.) For days afterward I lived in dread. At times I wished I fall asleep and be taken off to some magical land, but th happened. Kit, frustrated draws his pistol from his back pocket and around for the fish that has been eluding him. He does no as we do, a MAN watching him from across the river. He fi the fish. misses it and fires again. The Man across the r hesitates. then moves back into the undergrowth. 
56) 2) text: Holly is off somewhere in the forest. putting on lipstick sits on watch in the crowls nest, a pair of binoculars cl hand. On sound, over the music, we hear voices whispering them. Kit sees a movement in the brush. A moment later a appears, a hunter, carrying a gun. Kit shouts a code word Holly. She takes off running, as Kit clambers down the pl the treehouse and collects his shotgun. He tells her to h runs through the woods and dives in a hole, under a cover leaves. She jumps behind a log. Several shots of the stil follow, then the hunters appear, a shoulder here. pant le The music ends as one of them cocks his gun. They pass ri the hole where Kit is hiding. Kit rises up slowly, gives gentlemanly word of warning, then shoots all three in the He checks to see if anybody else is with them, then calls out to Holly. 
58) 0) text: We see a flat expanse of the Badlands. The Mercury appear the horizon and heads toward a solitary house. A man appe the door of the house, Kit's friend, Cato.  HOLLY (v.o.) We went to hide out with a friend of Kit's from the days garbage route.
60) 1) dialog: Did you hear the one about the guy in the nuthouse that w around naked, with only a hat and gloves on, and this nur up to him and said, "Hey, what... You can't walk around t way," and the guy says, "What's the matter? Nobody comes here." Anyway, the nurse says, "What do you have the hat gloves on for, then?" And the guy says, "Well, you never Cato bursts into laughter. 
60) 4) dialog: Don't you ever get bored around here?
60) 7) dialog: What'd they look like? CATO (o.c.) Kind of round, like so... Gold. I'll show you if you want Kit and Holly eye one another. Kit sees the chance to mak fortune here. He is careful to conceal his feelings, thou
61) 0) text: Kit, Holly and Cato walk out to the field where Cato hear coins were found. Holly picks up a pot lid. 
61) 6) dialog: I found a lid. It was laying on the ground over there.
62) 0) text: Cato falls on his bed and rolls over to face Kit. Kit wal calmly and picks up a photo on the bureau.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit never let on why he'd shot Cato. He said that just ta about it could bring us bad luck and that right now we ne the luck we could get. Kit sets the photo down.  KIT (o.c.) You never told me about her. He looks under the bed, then walks out the door. 
63) 0) text: Holly stands near a window. smoking a cigarette. Kit sets rifle down and surveys the room, which is cluttered with ends. 
63) 2) dialog: How's he doing?
63) 4) dialog: Is he upset?
64) 0) text: As they bicker in the other room, Cato inspects his face mirror.  KIT (o.c.) Why don't you go in there and keep him company for a whil Holly walks in the door. 
64) 1) dialog: Hi. She sits down. 
64) 2) dialog: That your spider in there? in that bottle?
64) 4) dialog: What do you feed him?
64) 6) dialog: Does he bite?
65) 14) dialog: Hi.
66) 0) text: Holly and the girl walk through the field toward a storm where the boys are waiting for them. The wind is blowing
66) 2) dialog: You have to ask Kit. He says frog, I jump.
66) 4) dialog: What's your friend's name?
66) 6) dialog: You love him?
66) 8) dialog: I've got to stick by Kit... He feels trapped.
66) 10) dialog: Well, I've felt that way, hadn't you?
67) 8) dialog: I don't know.
68) 0) text: Cato lies motionless, on his bed. Holly steps forward and him with a yardstick, like a child touching a snake.  HOLLY (v.o.) Suddenly, I was thrown into a state of shock...
69) 0) text: Kit, rifle in hand, lumbers out a side door of the house Cato over his shoulder. He steers for a nearby box car th evidently served Cato as a shed.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit was the most trigger happy person I'd ever met. He cl that as long as you're playing for keeps and the law is c you, it's considered okay to shoot all witnesses. You had the consequences, though, and not whine about it later. Kit opens the doors of the box car. and dumps Cato inside closing the doors he checks Cato's shoes. to see if they ones he gave him. Holly looks on from the side of the hou twenty yards away. 
69) 1) dialog: We're in for it now... If they catch us. Kit looks cornered and defensive. Holly thinks for a mome
69) 2) dialog: What'd you put him in there for? KIT (shrugging) Just to keep him out of the sun. Kit heads out of sight around the rear of the box car. Ho back inside. Kit walks up and down the length of the box talking under his breath and throwing his rifle from hand hand, in a state. 
70) 0) text: Kit and Holly travel down a country road in the Studebake HOLLY (v.o.) At this moment I didn't feel shame or fear, but just kind blah, like when you're sitting there and all the water's of the bathtub.
71) 0) text: Kit, driving, turns to Holly. 
71) 2) dialog: Yeah.
71) 4) dialog: I don't want a steak.
72) 0) text: Kit and Holly approach a large Victorian mansion. Kit rin bell.  HOLLY (v.o.) We needed supplies, so we went to a rich man's house. Kit it'd be safer and quicker than shopping in the downtown.. came to the door. A MAID opens the door. 
74) 0) text: Holly runs her finger around the lip of a crystal glass. a soft chiming noise. Kit, sitting at the end of a table her, picks up a dinner bell, rings it, then puts It down regards her solemnly. 
75) 0) text: Holly takes a cane out of the umbrella rack, looks around furtively, then steps out a side door of the house. 
76) 0) text: Holly walks down the slope of the lawn.  HOLLY (v.o.) I left Kit in the parlor and went for a stroll outside th The day was quiet and serene, but I didn't notice, for I in thought, and not even thinking about how to slip off. Across the way she can see a long driveway, with a border greenery and a sleepy cat standing in the sun.  HOLLY (v.o.) The world was like a faraway planet to which I could neve return... I thought what a fine place it was, full of thi people to look into and enjoy.
78) 0) text: Holly enters the room where the Rich Man and his Maid hav put. The furniture and paintings are covered with sheets, suggesting that for some purpose, known only to the famil room has been set aside. 
78) 1) dialog: Hi... Kit's downstairs playing with the dictaphone... Som he acts like there's something wrong with his bean. She leans against the window. behind the couch where the is sitting. 
78) 2) dialog: Hope nothing ever goes wrong with mine.
78) 4) dialog: I don't know... He's kind of odd. She sits down beside the Rich Man.  HOLLY (shyly) They claim I've got him wrapped around my little finger, never told him to shoot anybody. She looks the room over. 
78) 5) dialog: Gosh, I like your house.
84) 0) text: Kit and Holly come out the front door. Holly wears a shaw her head as a disguise, Kit wears the outfit he took off Man's coat rack. He carries his groceries, rifle and a si trophy he stole from somewhere in the house. 
84) 2) dialog: Well, why you always walking behind me? Kit grabs the seat of her pants. 
84) 3) dialog: Don't.
84) 5) dialog: No.
84) 7) dialog: Yes.
85) 2) dialog: I'd like to get out of here.
86) 0) text: The car races across the open prairie.  HOLLY (v.o.) Fearing there'd be roadblocks on the highways, we took of that area known as the Great Plains. Kit told me to enjoy scenery, and I did.
87) 0) text: Holly reads to Kit from a movie fan magazine. 
87) 1) dialog: "Rumor Pat Boone is seriously considering giving up his career s return to school full-time and complete his education. Fa Pat has told intimates that so long as things are going w his career, it's the education that will have to take the seat."
87) 3) dialog: "Rumor Frank Sinatra and Rita Hayworth are in love... Fact True, but not with each other." Kit chuckles at this, which pleases Holly. 
88) 0) text: The Cadillac heads overland, along a line of telephone po stretches out clear to the horizon.  HOLLY (v.o.) Through desert and mesa, across the endless miles of open we made our headlong way, steering by the telephone lines the mountains of Montana.
90) 0) text: The Cadillac races through a herd of cows,  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit'd sometimes ram a cow, to save on ammo, cook it.
92) 0) text: The Cadillac is stopped beside a pipeline waystation. Kit tapped some gas off the head.  HOLLY (v.o.) For gas we used the leakage from the valves of the pipeli found along the way. Drip gas is what they call it in tha of the country.
93) 0) text: The Cadillac roars through a stand of mesquite and disapp into the distance.  HOLLY (v.o.) Little by little we approached the border. Kit was glad t South Dakota behind and cursed its name. He said that if Communists ever dropped the atomic bomb, he wished they'd right in the middle of Rapid City.
94) 0) text: They are camped out in the middle of the badlands. Kit co meat over a fire, Holly, with a map under her arm, points the distance. 
94) 1) dialog: That's Montana over there.
94) 3) dialog: State bird's a meadowlark.
95) 0) text: Kit and Holly sit in the back seat of the Cadillac. They been necking. Her hair is in curlers.  KIT (responding to v.o.) Why not? I mean, I'm having fun... At least I'm not bitch
95) 1) dialog: Well, I feel kind of like an animal living out here. I me there's no place to bathe and... no place to get anything eat.
95) 4) dialog: I'm serious. They neck some more. then break again. Kit looks out one Holly out the other. 
96) 0) text: A train moves slowly across the horizon.  HOLLY (v.o.) In the distance I saw a train making its way silently acr plain, like the caravan in "The Adventures of Marco Polo. our first taste of civilization in days, and I asked Kit could have a closer look.
97) 0) text: Kit sets a football down on the ground, backs off a few s squats and shoots a hole through it with his pistol. To h surprise. it does not deflate. He moves closer and pounds with the barrel of the pistol.  HOLLY (v.o.) Before we left he shot a football that he considered exce baggage.
99) 0) text: Kit and Holly have parked the Cadillac under a rail trest train is approaching. They hide beside the car. The train streamliner, roars overhead. When it has passed, Holly ru the grade to watch it disappear into the distance. Kit wa from the opposite end of the trestle. 
99) 2) dialog: It was going too fast.
99) 5) dialog: You're crazy. He climbs over the edge of the trestle, looks back at her then leaps down to the ground. Holly walks down to meet h HOLLY (v.o.) Kit took the bottle and spun it around, leaving to fate w direction we should take.
100) 2) dialog: How about over here? Kit starts toward her, then changes his mind and heads ba the grade, to the tracks. The CAMERA DOLLIES and CRANES w
101) 0) text: The Cadillac pulls out from under the trestle and heads d dusty road alongside the tracks.  HOLLY (v.o.) We took off at sunset, on a line toward the mountains of  Saskatchewan, for Kit a magical land beyond the reach of He needed me now more than ever, but something had come b us. I'd stopped even paying attention to him. Instead, I the car and read a map and spelled out entire sentences w tongue on the roof of my mouth, where nobody could read t
102) 0) text: The Cadillac beads off across the plains toward a distant mountain.  HOLLY (v.o.) That night we moved closer to the border, and clear acros prairie, at the very edge of the horizon... 
103) 0) text: A refinery fire.  HOLLY (v.o.) W could make out the gas fires of the refinery at Missoul to the south...
104) 0) text: HOLLY (v.o.) ... we could see the lights of Cheyenne, a city bigger an grander than I'd ever seen.
105) 0) text: Kit and Holly's faces are strangely lit by the dash light is absorbed in her map. The radio is on. 
105) 2) dialog: What?
105) 4) dialog: I'm sorry. I wasn't listening. Holly lights a cigarette. 
105) 6) dialog: You know... they'd probably ask to see your driver's lice before they hired you. KIT (o.c.) Well. I'm not going to let that stop me. When the CAMERA PANS BACK to him, he is looking at her ci
105) 8) dialog: Yeah. He is surprised to discover this. 
107) 0) text: Two shots of the Cadillac heading across the Badlands at HOLLY (v.o.) Kit knew the end was coming. He wondered if he'd hear the pronounce him dead, or if he'd be able to read what the p would say about him,the next day, from the other side. He the iea of being shot down alone, he said, without a girl scream out his name.
108) 0) text: Holly yawns with fatigue.  HOLLY (v.o.) Then, for an instant, the sight of the mountains in the d light got his hopes back up. Kit shakes his head with admiration and wonder. 
110) 9) dialog: Kit! Kit looks up and sees a helicopter in the distance. He he a moment, then draws his gun. 
110) 13) dialog: Yeah.
110) 15) dialog: I don't want to. Kit looks at her. surprised. 
110) 17) dialog: I just don't want to go.
116) 0) text: Various SHOTS of the National Guardsmen dozing on the pav playing cards beside the hangar, a little bored. Also a s Holly with the Sheriff and Deputy.  SEVENTH VOICE (o.c.) Hey, Kit, you afraid of death? KIT (o.c.) I hadn't thought about it much.
118) 0) text: Holly leans against the fender of the police car. She wea handcuffs. Kit turns to a State Trooper who holds him by tether. 
118) 6) dialog: Yeah.
119) 0) text: The plane that will take them back to South Dakota, a B-2 in for a landing. The mass of Troopers and National Guard with Kit and Holly, walks out to meet it. A jeep leads it the taxiway. A civilian bystander points Kit and Holly ou young boy he holds in his arms. 
121) 0) text: The props start turning. The crowd waves goodbye as the b door is closed. The wheels turn toward the sun. The Guard race back to their trucks. A mailman carries off the mail collected from the plane. The plane taxies down the runwa lifts into the air.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit and I were taken back to South Dakota. They kept him solitary, so he didn't have a chance to get acquainted wi other inmates, though he was sure they'd like him, especi murderers. Myself, I got off with probation and a lot of looks. Later I married the son of the lawyer who defended (pause) Kit went to sleep in the courtroom while his conf was being read, and he was sentenced to die in the electr chair. On a warm spring night, six months later, after do his body to science, he did.  With Holly's last words we CUT INSIDE the cabin of the pl