2) 1) text: KIT CARRUTHERS, the hero, a 25-year-old garbageman, kneel a dead dog. He inspects it briefly. then looks back at hi and co-worker, CATO, a stocky man in his forties. 
2) 2) dialog: I'll give you a dollar to eat this collie. Cato inspects the dog. 
2) 4) dialog: Watch your heads.
2) 5) text: The truck comes to a stop. Kit bangs on the driver's door
2) 6) dialog: Hey. Woody. Gimme a cigarette. WOODY waves him off. Kit shrugs to Cato. 
2) 7) dialog: Woody wouldn't give me a cigarette. (pause) Ever notice h talk much? Cato agrees with this. They make a terrible racket, with regard for the sleep of the neighbors. 
4) 0) text: Kit tries to sell a passing BUM a pair of shoes. 
4) 2) dialog: How do you know? You hadn't tried them on yet.
4) 4) dialog: Gimme a dollar for them... Cost twenty new. The Bum walks off. Kit pitches the shoes to Cato. 
4) 5) dialog: Why don't you see if they fit you? Cato picks them up and looks at them. 
4) 7) dialog: I throwed enough trash for today, Cato.... I'll see you I morning. He slaps Cato on the back and walks off. Cato throws a mo loaf of bread at his back. 
4) 9) dialog: What do you mean? He throws the loaf back at Cato. 
5) 0) text: Kit walks through the deserted alleys of the sleeping tow the MAIN TITLES APPEAR. He balances a stolen mop on his f he stomps a can and looks around to see if anyone has spo at this. As the CREDITS end he sees Holly in front of her twirling her baton. He crosses the street and introduces
6) 1) dialog: Hi, I'm Kit. I'm not keeping you from anything important,
6) 3) dialog: Well, I was just messing around over there, thought I'd c and say hello to you. (smiling) I'll try anything once. ( What's your name? I said mine.
6) 5) dialog: Listen, Holly. you want to take a walk with me?
6) 7) dialog: Well. I got some stuff to say. Guess I'm kind of lucky th Most people don't have anything on their minds, do they? Holly eyes him suspiciously. 
7) 1) dialog: Oh, incidentally, my last name is Carruthers. Sounds a li much like В“druthers,В” doesn't it?
7) 3) dialog: Well, nobody asked me what I thought. They just hung it o Holly breaks the silence that follows. 
7) 5) dialog: Nah, I got me a job. HOLLY (o.c.) Doing what? 
7) 6) dialog: Well, I don't mind getting up early, so I got a job throw garbage... I'm not in love with the stuff, okay. In the distance we hear Holly's FATHER calling her. She e off. 
7) 8) dialog: Hey. wait a minute. When am I going to see you again? Holly isn't sure how to reply. 
7) 11) dialog: Sure.
9) 0) text: Kit is talking with a CLERK inside an employment agency.  CLERK (o.c.) You ever held another job before?
9) 1) dialog: I used to throw trash for the City.
9) 3) dialog: Wouldn't be here if I hadn't.
9) 5) dialog: I can't think of anything at the moment... I'd like you t me out a slip, though, proving I came down here. The Clerk leafs through his papers. 
9) 7) dialog: Well. what the hell. Just hope there's a breeze. The Clerk gives him a slip of paper. 
10) 0) text: Holly sees Kit approaching the house.  HOLLY (v.o.) He was handsomer than anybody I'd ever met. He looked jus James Dean. She walks out the front door. 
10) 1) dialog: Hi.
10) 3) dialog: Quit my job.
10) 5) dialog: Just seemed like the right move... Whatcha doing?
10) 8) dialog: Yeah, well, I'm going to work as a cowboy now... Or think about it. It's a routine, like anything. What do you thin
10) 10) dialog: Well, at least nobody could get on me about wearing these any more. She watches him intently. This makes him uncomfortable. 
10) 11) dialog: You want to go for a ride?
11) 0) text: They are walking through the downtown area. Kit kicks a p that someone has discarded on the sidewalk. 
11) 1) dialog: Somebody dropped a bag on the sidewalk. She appears nervous about being seen alone with him. 
11) 2) dialog: Everybody did that, the whole town'd be a mess ... Hi. He greets a passing stranger. 
11) 3) dialog: You're a redhead.
11) 5) dialog: Anybody ever call you "Red"?
11) 7) dialog: Why not?
11) 9) dialog: Yeah? He steers her toward his car, a customized Mercury. As sh in, he asks her KIT (o.c.) Can I come around and see you tomorrow? HOLLY (startled) Okay.
12) 0) text: We see Kit at work at the feedlot. throwing hay to the ca feeding them pills, etc.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit went to work in the feedlot while I carried on with m studies. Little by little we fell in love... As I'd never popular in school and didn't have a lot of personality, I surprised that he took such a liking to me, especially wh could've had any other girl in town if he'd given it half The MONTAGE includes a shot of Holly running toward Kit's some rendezvous.  HOLLY (v.o.) He said that I was grand, though, that he wasn't interest for sex and that coming from him this was a compliment. H never met a fifteen-year-old girl who behaved more like a and wasn't giggly. He didn't care what anybody else thoug looked good to him, and whatever I did was okay, and if I have a lot to say, well, that was okay, too.
13) 0) text: Kit and Holly are sitting under a tree. playing cards on blanket. Holly surveys the area. 
13) 3) dialog: It's your play.
13) 4) text: Holly's father paints a picture. using a stereopticon to with his backgrounds. TRACK with Kit driving down a stree Mercury. Holly sits watching football practice.  HOLLY (v.o.) Of course I had to keep all this a secret from my dad. He would've had a fit, since Kit was ten years older than me came from the wrong side of the tracks, so called. Our ti each other was limited and each lived for the precious ho he or she could be with the other away from all the cares world.
14) 0) text: Kit and Holly are necking underneath some bleachers. In t distance we hear the NOISE of the football practice. 
14) 2) dialog: There's an old Fudgesicle over there. You want it?
14) 4) dialog: Somebody else is going to get it.
14) 6) dialog: Kids eat that kind of stuff in Korea. At this her expression turns serious. 
14) 7) text: Kit in CLOSEUP at a fence in the feedlot, an intense look face.  VARIOUS ANGLES of the cattle in their pens. They look num morose.  TIGHT SHOT of Holly necking with Kit.  HOLLY (v.o.) In the stench and slime of the feedlot, he'd remember how looked the night before, how I ran my hand through his ha traced the outline of his lips with my fingertip. He want die with me, and I dreamed of being lost forever in his a
15) 0) text: TIGHT SHOT of Holly's pet catfish in a bowl.  CUT TO WIDE SHOT of Holly with gloves on carrying the fis through the garden in back of her house. She looks around then throws it out among the melons.  HOLLY (v.o.) The whole time, the only thing I did wrong was throwing o fish when he got sick. Later I got a new one, but this in kept on bothering me and I turned to Kit.
16) 0) text: Kit and Holly walk down a sidewalk in the residential par town. Kit is consoling her about the fish.  HOLLY (v.o.) I didn't mind telling Kit about stuff like this, cause st things happened in his life, too, and some of the stuff h was strange.
17) 0) text: Kit steps on top of a dead cow, as though to convince him that it is dead.  HOLLY (v.o.) For instance,. he faked his signature whenever he used it keep other people from forging important papers with his
18) 0) text: The CAMERA DOLLIES BACK to reveal Kit lying in bed. His a suggests that this is a scene of her fantasy.  HOLLY (v.o.) And as he lay in bed, in the middle of the night, he alwa a noise like somebody was holding a seashell against his sometimes he'd see me coming toward him in beautiful whit and I'd put my cold hand on his forehead.
19) 0) text: Kit puts on his jacket and heads down a riverbank to the the water. Holly comes into view, buttoning her blouse. 
19) 2) dialog: Yeah.
19) 4) dialog: Yeah. Her questions make him uncomfortable. 
19) 6) dialog: Don't ask me. Silence. 
19) 8) dialog: You see where that tree fell in the water? He climbs back up the bank. 
20) 0) text: Holly walks down the bank of the river. Kit falls in behi carrying a large stone. The CAMERA DOLLIES with them. 
20) 1) dialog: You know what I think?
20) 3) dialog: That we should crunch our hands with this stone. That way never forget what happened today.
20) 5) dialog: Well, that's the point, stupid. She gives him a cold look. 
20) 7) dialog: Okay, but I'm going to keep it for a souvenir... He throws it awav and picks up a smaller one. 
20) 8) dialog: Or maybe one that's lighter. He walks over to the car. A bridge is visible in the dist
21) 0) text: Kit releases a large red balloon into the evening sky. A basket is fixed to the bottom of the balloon.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit made a solemn vow that he would always stand beside m let nothing come between us. He wrote this out in writing the paper in a box with some of our little tokens and thi then sent it off in a balloon he'd found while on the gar route. (pause) His heart was filled with longing as he wa drift off. Something must've told him that we'd never liv days of happiness again, that they were gone forever.
25) 0) text: Kit approaches Holly's father, who is hard at work, paint billboard along a deserted stretch of road. Kit is eating peach. 
25) 1) dialog: Sure is pretty.
25) 3) dialog: I wasn't aware there was any law against it. Kit sees that this kind of talk will not do. He is silent moment, then throws the peach away. 
25) 4) dialog: You know Holly... well. she means a lot to me, sir. Holly's father goes solemnly about his business. 
25) 5) dialog: You know, before I met her, nobody could ask me how I was with my girl. Matter of fact, I didn't really have one.
25) 7) dialog: Yeah. Kit walks off a few paces and leans against the father's
25) 8) dialog: It okay me leaning on your Willys here? Holly's father does not answer. 
25) 9) dialog: Listen. I got a lot of respect for her, sir. (pause) That as good a one as I know to tell you.
25) 11) dialog: She'd get along okay. And if she didn't, well, she could off, just take off, (and) I wouldn't mind... I'd always t people I deserved it. Holly's father comes to his feet and fixes Kit in the eye
25) 14) dialog: Takes all kinds, sir. He walks to his car, looking back once. 
25) 15) text: LONG SHOT of father at work at billboard. Kit approaches house, collects the evening newspaper from the sidewalk, knocks on the front door. Holly's father picks her up fro outside the music school. Kit, when he gets no answer, en house. The jeep, with Holly and her father, rumbles down residential street. 
26) 0) text: Kit is going through Holly's dresser, throwing her things suitcase. A pistol is visible in his back pocket. Suddenl Holly's father appears in the dresser mirror, standing at of the hall outside the bedroom.  Kit walks forward to greet him. The CAMERA DOLLIES with h
26) 1) dialog: Hi.
26) 3) dialog: I've got a gun here, sir. It's always a good idea to have around. Kit draws the pistol. He is shaken, though he must have s coming. 
26) 5) dialog: Well, I got it all planned... and I'm taking Holly off wi He looks at Holly, who has appeared on the landing, uncer what her reaction to all this will be. 
26) 7) dialog: What for?
26) 9) dialog: No, you're not either. FATHER (o.c.) Yeah? Why not?
26) 10) dialog: Cause I can't allow it. Holly's father stares at him for a moment, then continues the stairs. Kit starts forward. 
26) 11) dialog: Hey... Hey, wait a minute. His shout arrests Holly's father at the bottom of the sta
26) 12) dialog: Suppose I shot you. How'd that be? Huh? Holly's father does not move. 
26) 13) dialog: You want to hear what it sounds like? He fires a shot into the stairs. The report is deafening enclosure of the stairwell. They exchange looks. Kit's br is heavy. 
27) 0) text: Holly's father turns and walks into the living room. Kit down the stairs. Holly shouts his name. 
27) 1) dialog: Hey, where you going? He fires two shots into Holly's father, who slowly sinks floor. Kit unlimbers his shoulder. Holly rushes down the to her father's side. 
28) 0) text: Kit closes the back door to the house. 
28) 1) dialog: I came in the front.
29) 0) text: Kit touches the father's heart. 
29) 1) dialog: He don't need a doctor. He walks back into the kitchen. 
29) 3) dialog: You don't believe me, see for yourself. Holly stares at her father. 
31) 0) text: Kit drags Holly's father into the cellar. sets him down g then eases out of the room, taking a discarded toaster wi
32) 0) text: Kit comes up the steps from the cellar. Holly stands at t drainboard. 
32) 1) dialog: I found a toaster. He sets down the toaster and walks over to Holly's side. 
32) 2) dialog: Listen, honey. I don't want to... She slaps him across the forehead. He walks into the now living room, and sits down at the piano. After a moment H follows him. 
33) 0) text: Holly sits down on the sofa across from Kit. 
33) 2) dialog: You said that once already... Too late now.
33) 4) dialog: They're not going to listen to me. You either. Are you ki A silence follows. 
33) 6) dialog: Wouldn't be funny... Listen, I'll be back in a while. He gets up and heads for the front door. 
33) 7) dialog: Oh... You want to call the police, that's fine. Just won' hot for me. There are tears in Holly's eyes now. They exchange looks opens the front door. Then he leaves. Holly settles back couch. 
36) 0) text: Kit puts fifty cents into a gramophone booth. He clears h as the machine whirs Into operation. 
36) 1) dialog: My girl Holly and I have decided to kill ourselves, same did her dad. Big decision huh? Well, the reasons are obvi I don't have time to go into them right now... One thing, though... He was provoking me when I popped him. That's w was like, a POP. Inserts of the booth's mechanism a light panel measuring off the seconds and the needle on record. 
36) 2) dialog: Course nobody's coming out of this thing happy, especiall us. You can't deny we've had fun, though. Which is more t can say for some.... Mmmm. that's the end of the message. out of things to say... Thank you. He gets these last words in just as his time is up. He ge record and steps outside the booth, into the lobby of a t station. 
37) 0) text: Kit slams a ten-gallon can of gasoline down on the piano opens it and begins pouring it out over the interior of t house, kicking aside everything that comes in his way. 
38) 0) text: Holly comes out the screen door at the back of the house, carrying a suitcase and a painting. Kit appears with a la extension cord. He sets it down beside a victrola he has on a table outdoors. He puts the needle on the record he earlier. Holly watches him as she retreats to the car.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit left a record playing over and over for the District to find. He was gambling for time. Kit unplugs the lamp, lights a book of matches and pitche into a puddle of gas. The back porch of the house explode flame. Kit runs to the car with the lamp, caught off guar force of the flames. They drive off. 
39) 0) text: Various objects around the house burst into flames a picture we saw on the stairs. some peacock feathers, a  cantaloupe and a pomegranate left on the kitchen table, t living room, Holly's bedroom, the bed itself, a doll on t an A&amp;W Root Beer sign outside the house, a water can, swirling out the front of the house. Holly's father in CL the cellar, sheet music lifting off the piano. etc. At le CAMERA PANS over the charred frame of Holly's bed. Outsid fireman moves with a flashlight through the embers of the
40) 0) text: Holly collects her books from a locker at her school and anxiously down a corridor towards the exit.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit made me get my books from school, so I wouldn't fall We'd be starting a new life, he said. and we'd have to ch names. His would be James. Mine would be Priscilla. We'd like spies, somewhere in the North, where people didn't a of questions.
41) 0) text: Holly breaks into a run as she comes through the front do the high school. Kit waits for her at the car. There is n else in sight.  HOLLY (v.o.) I could of snuck out the back or hid in the boiler room, suppose, but I sensed that my destiny now lay with Kit, f better or for worse, and that it was better to spend a we one who loved me for what I was than years of loneliness. She gets into the car and they drive off. 
42) 0) text: Kit studies Holly for signs of her mood. 
42) 1) dialog: How you doing? HOLLY (neutrally) I'm fine. Kind of tired. 
42) 2) dialog: Yeah, me too. The car sails down a quiet street. 
44) 0) text: Details of Kit and Holly building the treehouse. Kit poun into place wi h a tomahawk; Holly scrapes the bark off a a piece of flint; Kit weaves tamarisk branches through th of the house. This MONTAGE ends with a PAN DOWN the four of the completed treehouse.  HOLLY (v.o.) We planned a huge network of tunnels under the forest flo our first order of business every morning was to decide o password for the day. ow and then weld sneak out at night steal a chicken or a bunch of corn or some melons from a patch... Mostly. though, we just lay on our backs and sta the clouds and sometimes it was like being in a big marbl the way we talked in low voices and heard the tiniest sou
46) 0) text: Kit lifts an egg out of a bird's nest at the top of a tre drops it down to Holly, fifty feet below.  HOLLY (v.o.) They hadn't found but one set of bones in the ashes of th so we knew they'd be looking for us. Kit made sure we'd b prepared.
47) 0) text: Kit cuts a piece of twine that lies across a trail, where ball full of spikes comes swinging down out of the trees. lethal force. Kit ducks out of the way. We next see Kit w dew ag around his forehead, running laps through the wood part of his training. He exhorts himself to greater effor HOLLY (v.o.) He gave me lectures on how a gun works, how to take it ap put it back together again. in case 1 had to carry on wit him. He said that if the Devil came at me, I could shoot a gun.
49) 0) text: Kit and Holly dance the stroll to the sound of Mickey and on their Zenith portable. Holly shows a better sense of r than Kit. 
50) 0) text: Kit lifts a fish out of the river with a crude device lik lacrosse net. Holly sits on the bank In the b.g. The fish wriggles out of the net and falls back In the water. Kit  struggles in vain to retrieve it.  HOLLY (v.o.) We had our bad moments, like any couple. Kit accused me o being along for the ride,while at times I wished he'd fal river and drown, so I could watch. Kit throws his net down in disgust, partly at Holly. 
50) 1) dialog: Take a break. Red... Life of Riley, huh? Holly ignores him as he walks off down the flat.  HOLLY (v.o.) Mostly. though. we got along fine and stayed in love.
51) 0) text: Holly, in curlers, walks over to where Kit is shaving. 
52) 0) text: Holly sits on the upper deck of the treehouse, reading Ko aloud to Kit. 
52) 2) dialog: He was nervous. Holly looks at him for a moment, trying to understand the of this interruption, then resumes
55) 0) text: Kit sits in the crow's nest at the top of the treehouse, through a copy of National Geographic. amused by what he looking around to find somebody he can share it with.  HOLLY (v.o.) When the leaves rustled overhead, it was like the spirits whispering about all the little things that bothered 'em.
56) 0) text: Kit is fishing with his crude net. He stops briefly to wa truck passing down the highway In the distance, then goes work. This stretch of river seems dangerously close to  civilization.  HOLLY (v.o.) For days afterward I lived in dread. At times I wished I fall asleep and be taken off to some magical land, but th happened. Kit, frustrated draws his pistol from his back pocket and around for the fish that has been eluding him. He does no as we do, a MAN watching him from across the river. He fi the fish. misses it and fires again. The Man across the r hesitates. then moves back into the undergrowth. 
56) 2) text: Holly is off somewhere in the forest. putting on lipstick sits on watch in the crowls nest, a pair of binoculars cl hand. On sound, over the music, we hear voices whispering them. Kit sees a movement in the brush. A moment later a appears, a hunter, carrying a gun. Kit shouts a code word Holly. She takes off running, as Kit clambers down the pl the treehouse and collects his shotgun. He tells her to h runs through the woods and dives in a hole, under a cover leaves. She jumps behind a log. Several shots of the stil follow, then the hunters appear, a shoulder here. pant le The music ends as one of them cocks his gun. They pass ri the hole where Kit is hiding. Kit rises up slowly, gives gentlemanly word of warning, then shoots all three in the He checks to see if anybody else is with them, then calls out to Holly. 
56) 3) dialog: Holly! Holly picks her way through the brush, back to the treeho
57) 0) text: They are packed up and ready to leave. Kit slams the trun Mercury. 
57) 1) dialog: Get in the car, Red. He takes a bird cage off the roof of the car and throws i
57) 2) dialog: We don't need this. He climbs a ladder, looks In the cabin of the treehouse t they've left anything behind, then jumps down. He flips o wicker hemisphere that covers their rooster. The rooster off, free. He surveys the woods, then looks back at Holly returns his look and gets in the car.  HOLLY (v.o.)Kit felt bad about shooting those men in the but he said they'd come in like that. and they would've p as down and dirty as they could, and besides, held overhe whispering about how they were only interested in the rew money. With lawmen it wouldtve been different. They were there to get a job done and they deserved a fair chance. a bounty hunter.
58) 0) text: We see a flat expanse of the Badlands. The Mercury appear the horizon and heads toward a solitary house. A man appe the door of the house, Kit's friend, Cato.  HOLLY (v.o.) We went to hide out with a friend of Kit's from the days garbage route.
59) 0) text: Kit gets out of the car, takes a chicken from the back se walks over to face Cato. He keeps a safe distance. 
59) 1) dialog: How you doing, Cato?
59) 3) dialog: Take that sombitch. Cato takes it, a wan smile on his face. 
59) 4) dialog: What you been doing?
59) 6) dialog: Well, I don't notice us hustling trash, either. Kit walks over to inspect the interior of Cato's house. 
59) 7) dialog: Where'd you get them antlers? CATO (o.c.) They come with the house. He refers to a set of deer antlers, mounted over the door looks inside, then back at Cato. 
59) 8) dialog: Oh, Cato, I want you to meet my girl, Holly Sargis. Holly smiles and says hello. 
60) 0) text: They sit at a picnic table under a tree, having lunch. Ho telling a joke at Kit's urging. 
60) 2) dialog: Isn't that funny? Cato stops laughing. He wants to give Kit the right answe
60) 6) dialog: (suspicious) That's what he told you, huh? CATO (o.c.) No, he showed me one.
60) 8) dialog: Let me finish my supper. Holly, big-eyed, bites into an apple. 
61) 0) text: Kit, Holly and Cato walk out to the field where Cato hear coins were found. Holly picks up a pot lid. 
61) 1) dialog: We're thinking of going down to Texas. Holly wants to vis of her people down there, but after that I don't know... Mexico's nice. Cato stops. 
61) 3) dialog: Okay.
61) 5) dialog: Okay. Kit walks out into the field to join Holly. Cato turns ba
61) 7) dialog: Put that down. It's dirty. Holly tosses the lid at him. He picks up some dirt clods starts throwing them at her. She squeals and dodges. CATO them for a while, indecisive, then turns and runs.  HOLLY (o.c.) Hey, you're throwing big ones! Suddenly, Kit spots Cato. 
61) 8) dialog: Cato! Cato jumps over a trough and comes to a stop in front of truck, a water tanker. 
62) 0) text: Cato falls on his bed and rolls over to face Kit. Kit wal calmly and picks up a photo on the bureau.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit never let on why he'd shot Cato. He said that just ta about it could bring us bad luck and that right now we ne the luck we could get. Kit sets the photo down.  KIT (o.c.) You never told me about her. He looks under the bed, then walks out the door. 
63) 0) text: Holly stands near a window. smoking a cigarette. Kit sets rifle down and surveys the room, which is cluttered with ends. 
63) 1) dialog: Look at all this junk.
63) 3) dialog: (shrugging) I got him in the stomach. Holly sits down. 
63) 5) dialog: He didn't say anything to me about it. He takes a drag off her cigarette and gives it back to he leafs idly through a catalogue on the table, then walks o look in the bedroom. 
63) 6) dialog: Bunch of junk. Inside the bedroom Cato is still conscious, but his breat heavy. Kit walks back to Holly's side. HOLLY is looking t the catalogue. 
63) 7) dialog: He stole that cage. I saw him doing it. Kit wants this to have been an execution, not a murder. 
63) 8) dialog: Whatcha looking in there for? We can't afford any of that HOLLY (defensive) Just looking.
64) 0) text: As they bicker in the other room, Cato inspects his face mirror.  KIT (o.c.) Why don't you go in there and keep him company for a whil Holly walks in the door. 
65) 0) text: A 1951 Studebaker approaches the house. There are two peo inside, a BOY and a GIRL. Kit comes out the front door. T and Girl get out, but seeing Kit, they wait by the car. 
65) 2) dialog: Well, he's gone.
65) 4) dialog: He said not to tell. BOY (o.c.) Oh yeah?
65) 5) dialog: Yeah, he said for you to give us a lift into town. You're ones with the Studebaker, aren't you? The Boy hesitates a second, then starts for the house. 
65) 7) dialog: No... You go in there, I'll have to kill you.
65) 9) dialog: Can't afford to take chances. The Girl is baffled.  KIT (o.c.) Come on out of there, young lady. Kit waves them out into the neighboring field with him. 
65) 10) dialog: Let's us step out in this field here. The Boy raises his hands. 
65) 11) dialog: Nah, skip that... I'm going to have to keep an eye on you though.
65) 13) dialog: You don't mind? Holly steps out the front door and smiles at the girl. 
67) 0) text: Kit guides the couple into the storm cellar. 
67) 1) dialog: Okay, you two, down in the cellar. They head down the steps into the cellar, the Girl first. stops the Boy for a moment. 
67) 2) dialog: You promise to stay down there for an hour?
67) 4) dialog: You expect me to believe that? He looks back at Holly, as though to ask whether he shoul
67) 6) dialog: I'm going to shut the door. Kit sticks a pin through the latch, hesitates, then fires shots down through a seam into the cellar. He retreats to side. a little surprised at what he did. 
67) 7) dialog: Think I got 'em?
67) 9) dialog: Well, I'm not going down there and look. He starts running away from the cellar. Holly follows him storm is gathering on the horizon. Kit offers Holly his h they run. but Holly does not see this. 
69) 0) text: Kit, rifle in hand, lumbers out a side door of the house Cato over his shoulder. He steers for a nearby box car th evidently served Cato as a shed.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit was the most trigger happy person I'd ever met. He cl that as long as you're playing for keeps and the law is c you, it's considered okay to shoot all witnesses. You had the consequences, though, and not whine about it later. Kit opens the doors of the box car. and dumps Cato inside closing the doors he checks Cato's shoes. to see if they ones he gave him. Holly looks on from the side of the hou twenty yards away. 
70) 0) text: Kit and Holly travel down a country road in the Studebake HOLLY (v.o.) At this moment I didn't feel shame or fear, but just kind blah, like when you're sitting there and all the water's of the bathtub.
71) 0) text: Kit, driving, turns to Holly. 
71) 1) dialog: You tired?
71) 3) dialog: Yeah, you look tired... Listen, honey. when all this is o going to sit down and buy you a big, thick steak.
71) 5) dialog: Well, we'll see about that... Hey, lookie. He nods at a wrecked car lying in a ditch beside the road
71) 6) dialog: They're probably going to blame that on me, too, bastards
72) 0) text: Kit and Holly approach a large Victorian mansion. Kit rin bell.  HOLLY (v.o.) We needed supplies, so we went to a rich man's house. Kit it'd be safer and quicker than shopping in the downtown.. came to the door. A MAID opens the door. 
72) 1) dialog: Hi, I come to check the meter. My tools are in here. He nods at the suitcase he is carrying. The Maid looks at
72) 2) dialog: Oh, this Is Holly. She's from Texas. Kit winks at Holly. The Maid brushes her ears to indicate she is deaf, then stands back to let them pass.  HOLLY (v.o.) Later we found out she was deaf and we hadn't even known
72) 3) dialog: Excuse me. They enter the house. 
73) 0) text: Kit leads the others into the living room. The owner of t house, a RICH MAN, sits in a chair in the corner, reviewi prints. At the sight of Kit he comes to his feet. 
73) 1) dialog: Hi.
73) 3) dialog: This your place?
73) 5) dialog: Sorry to barge in on you. Anybody else here besides you t
73) 7) dialog: Good deal... Oh, uh, we're on the run and we'd like to ha here for a while. Couple of hours, maybe. How'd that be?
74) 0) text: Holly runs her finger around the lip of a crystal glass. a soft chiming noise. Kit, sitting at the end of a table her, picks up a dinner bell, rings it, then puts It down regards her solemnly. 
74) 1) dialog: Next time I ring that, it means time to clear out. Holly, in the next angle, has moved a bust off its pedest the corner of a piano. She thinks better of this and rest bust to its original position.  Kit sniffs at a glass of sherry, then takes a picture off mantel and studies it.  Holly, at the other end of the room. tests the comforts o chair. This done. she moves to another chair and tests it She makes her hand limp. She watches it swing back and fo Kit sits in the chair which the Rich Man occupied earlier a thoughtful look on his face. There is a dictaphone on t beside him. 
76) 0) text: Holly walks down the slope of the lawn.  HOLLY (v.o.) I left Kit in the parlor and went for a stroll outside th The day was quiet and serene, but I didn't notice, for I in thought, and not even thinking about how to slip off. Across the way she can see a long driveway, with a border greenery and a sleepy cat standing in the sun.  HOLLY (v.o.) The world was like a faraway planet to which I could neve return... I thought what a fine place it was, full of thi people to look into and enjoy.
77) 0) text: Kit talks into the dictaphone, recording some advice for people. 
77) 1) dialog: Listen to your parents and teachers. They got a line on m things, so don't treat them like enemies. There's always you could learn something. (he pauses for a moment) Try t an open mind. Try to understand the viewpoint of others. the minority opinion, but try to get along with the major opinion once it's accepted. (again he pauses) Course Holl I've had fun, even if it has been rushed, and... so far w doing fine. hadn't got caught. (annoyed) Excuse the gramm He sets down the dictaphone. puts out his cigarette and l back in his chair, lost in reflection. 
79) 0) text: Kit puts down a copy of the Wall Street Journal and locat pistol. He starts for the door, then remembers that he mo picture from the mantel. He puts the picture back in plac checks the chamber of his pistol and leaves the room. 
80) 0) text: Kit opens the front door to find a VISITOR on the stoop. Visitor carries a roll of blueprints under his arm. 
80) 1) dialog: Hi.
80) 3) dialog: Yeah, but the thing about him, he's down with the flu. He
80) 5) dialog: Yeah. I'd invite you inside, except it's contagious. Don' to start an epidemic.
80) 7) dialog: Well, he didn't have it last night. The Visitor is puzzled by Kit's presence in the house, an more by his behavior. He takes out a note pad. 
80) 8) dialog: What's that?
80) 10) dialog: Sure. The Visitor jots something down and hands the note to Kit
80) 11) dialog: You have to excuse me now. I have to go back inside. Bye. Kit closes the door. 
81) 0) text: Kit hides the Visitor's note in a vase and bounds up the to the first landing. 
81) 1) dialog: We're out of here, Tex. He turns back down the stairs. On a rack at the bottom he hat and coat. He takes them with him. 
82) 0) text: Kit walks into the room where he left the Rich Man and hi He now carries a bag of groceries under his arm, 
82) 1) dialog: Hi, whatcha doing?
82) 3) dialog: Good a way to kill time as any... She okay? He points to the Maid with his pistol. 
82) 5) dialog: Listen, ah ... We're going to take the Cadillac for a whi How'd that be?
82) 7) dialog: Don't worry, I won't let her drive. He means Holly.  KIT (continuing) Oh, and here's a list of everything we borrowed. Car's on too. He gives the list to the Rich Man and signals the Maid to accompany them out. 
82) 8) dialog: Okay, ma'am, let's go . . . come on.
83) 0) text: Kit points the Rich Man and his Maid into a closet. 
83) 1) dialog: You're my friend, aren't you?
83) 3) dialog: Okay, no monkey business then. He locks the door of the closet once they are inside, sta then remembers something, takes a handkerchief out of his and wipes his fingerprints off the door handle. 
83) 4) dialog: Groceries. With this reminder he collects his bag of groceries and h down the hall. 
84) 0) text: Kit and Holly come out the front door. Holly wears a shaw her head as a disguise, Kit wears the outfit he took off Man's coat rack. He carries his groceries, rifle and a si trophy he stole from somewhere in the house. 
84) 1) dialog: That guy could sell that list I gave him as a sample of m handwriting. Holly starts off,  KIT (continuing) Hey, why're you always walking ahead of me?
84) 4) dialog: Anybody ever done that to you before?
84) 6) dialog: Positive?
84) 8) dialog: Guess there's no way I'll ever know. For sure. They round a corner into the garden. 
85) 1) dialog: That guy must pay through the nose to keep this place up. the gas and electric... Bagworms. Plus the upkeep on the Yeah, you get a little money in your pocket, you think al problems are solved. Well, let me tell you, they're not. They arrive at the Cadillac. Holly sets down her suitcase waits for Kit to open the door for her.  Kit, who has forgotten this propriety, hurries back and o door. He throws the suitcase in the back, goes around the of the car and gets in. 
85) 3) dialog: Soon as I start the car... and fix my hat. He adjusts his hat, starts the car and they drive off, pa Rolls Royce Kit has declined in favor of the Cadillac. 
86) 0) text: The car races across the open prairie.  HOLLY (v.o.) Fearing there'd be roadblocks on the highways, we took of that area known as the Great Plains. Kit told me to enjoy scenery, and I did.
87) 0) text: Holly reads to Kit from a movie fan magazine. 
87) 2) dialog: I don't blame him.
90) 0) text: The Cadillac races through a herd of cows,  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit'd sometimes ram a cow, to save on ammo, cook it.
92) 0) text: The Cadillac is stopped beside a pipeline waystation. Kit tapped some gas off the head.  HOLLY (v.o.) For gas we used the leakage from the valves of the pipeli found along the way. Drip gas is what they call it in tha of the country.
93) 0) text: The Cadillac roars through a stand of mesquite and disapp into the distance.  HOLLY (v.o.) Little by little we approached the border. Kit was glad t South Dakota behind and cursed its name. He said that if Communists ever dropped the atomic bomb, he wished they'd right in the middle of Rapid City.
94) 0) text: They are camped out in the middle of the badlands. Kit co meat over a fire, Holly, with a map under her arm, points the distance. 
94) 2) dialog: I never been to Montana... Acquaintance of mine has, but hadn't... Never had any reason to. Holly sits down and looks at the map. 
94) 4) text: The CAMERA PANS across the badlands. There Is not a tree bush in sight. It comes to rest on Kit, who carries his r over his shoulders the way James Dean did in "Giant". 
95) 0) text: Kit and Holly sit in the back seat of the Cadillac. They been necking. Her hair is in curlers.  KIT (responding to v.o.) Why not? I mean, I'm having fun... At least I'm not bitch
95) 2) dialog: Well, I'll catch you a big trout. Soon as we get to the  mountains. He kisses her. She gives in reluctantly. After a while th break. 
95) 3) dialog: Everybody loves trout.
96) 0) text: A train moves slowly across the horizon.  HOLLY (v.o.) In the distance I saw a train making its way silently acr plain, like the caravan in "The Adventures of Marco Polo. our first taste of civilization in days, and I asked Kit could have a closer look.
97) 0) text: Kit sets a football down on the ground, backs off a few s squats and shoots a hole through it with his pistol. To h surprise. it does not deflate. He moves closer and pounds with the barrel of the pistol.  HOLLY (v.o.) Before we left he shot a football that he considered exce baggage.
99) 0) text: Kit and Holly have parked the Cadillac under a rail trest train is approaching. They hide beside the car. The train streamliner, roars overhead. When it has passed, Holly ru the grade to watch it disappear into the distance. Kit wa from the opposite end of the trestle. 
99) 1) dialog: Maybe we should've tried to hop it.
99) 3) dialog: I could've pulled the car up on the tracks, slowed it dow HOLLY (o.c.) Yeah, then we'd be stuck here.
99) 4) dialog: Well, maybe we oughta be stuck here. I'm not saying that He stoops down and picks up a Pepsi bottle. 
100) 0) text: The bottle comes to a stop. Kit inspects its position. He not appear satisfied, though. 
100) 1) dialog: Well, maybe the slope here is throwing it off some. We ou find a more flat place.
100) 3) dialog: Never mind. It doesn't matter... If I'm worth a damn, I'l the right direction. And if I'm not, well, I don't care. I mean? HOLLY (o.c.) No.
100) 4) dialog: Well, I shouldn't expect miracles, should I? He stops at the top of the grade and looks out across the Badlands. 
100) 5) dialog: We'll keep on heading for that mountain... Just remember it wasn't such a hot idea.
101) 0) text: The Cadillac pulls out from under the trestle and heads d dusty road alongside the tracks.  HOLLY (v.o.) We took off at sunset, on a line toward the mountains of  Saskatchewan, for Kit a magical land beyond the reach of He needed me now more than ever, but something had come b us. I'd stopped even paying attention to him. Instead, I the car and read a map and spelled out entire sentences w tongue on the roof of my mouth, where nobody could read t
105) 0) text: Kit and Holly's faces are strangely lit by the dash light is absorbed in her map. The radio is on. 
105) 1) dialog: (responding to v.o.) I could get a job with the Mounties. Northwest Mounties ... Hell, I got all the qualifications ride, shoot and... I don't mind the cold. Fact. I kind of the cold. Holly looks up from the map. 
105) 3) dialog: Nothing... I was just running off at the mouth... as usua
105) 5) dialog: I was just talking about going after a job... Hey. don't He reaches over and takes the cigarette out of her mouth. CAMERA PANS to her with this gesture. 
105) 7) dialog: You smoke Pall Mall?
105) 9) dialog: Nah, you hadn't seen me when I'm going after something, h Tough? He cocks his head just thinking about it. She reaches for radio to change the station. He pats her hand away. 
105) 10) dialog: Hey. don't touch that... Nat King Cole.
106) 0) text: They dance in the headlights to the tune of "A Blossom Fe coming over the car radio. She is wearing the rich man's After a moment Kit whispers in her ear. 
106) 1) dialog: Boy, if I could sing a song like that... I mean, if I cou a song about the way I feel right now, it'd be a hit. They continue dancing. 
107) 0) text: Two shots of the Cadillac heading across the Badlands at HOLLY (v.o.) Kit knew the end was coming. He wondered if he'd hear the pronounce him dead, or if he'd be able to read what the p would say about him,the next day, from the other side. He the iea of being shot down alone, he said, without a girl scream out his name.
108) 0) text: Holly yawns with fatigue.  HOLLY (v.o.) Then, for an instant, the sight of the mountains in the d light got his hopes back up. Kit shakes his head with admiration and wonder. 
108) 1) dialog: God, what a sight... Tell me this, honey. What does a lit Texas girl like yourself think of a sight like that? She turns to look at the mountains. 
110) 0) text: The Cadillac drives up to an oil rig. Kit gets out of the
110) 1) dialog: Love this air. The ROUGHNECK in charge of the rig steps out of his trail seems there is nobody else around. 
110) 2) dialog: Morning... Say, you got any gas?
110) 4) dialog: Well. I'm sorry. sir. but we've got to ask you for it. Holly walks over to inspect the rig.  KIT (o.c.) See, we're about out... been driving all night. Actually, even have time to explain it to you. ROUGHNECK (o.c.) Well, matter of fact, I don't have any.
110) 5) dialog: Just a second now. That's your truck. isn't it? He points to a truck linked to the front of the trailer. looks idly around. Suddenly her expression changes, for w reason it is not clear.  KIT (o.c.) You didn't walk out here. ROUGHNECK (o.c.) It's mine all right.
110) 6) dialog: Well, listen. I'm going to swap you my Cadillac. The Roughneck does not understand what Kit is up to. 
110) 7) dialog: Now don't worry. You're getting a fair deal. Hell. what's blue book value on this thing, Mildred? He slaps the hood of the Cadillac and looks to Holly. She still preoccupied with whatever it is she has seen, thoug ROUGHNECK (o.c.) Who are you?
110) 8) dialog: Name is Carruthers. Believe I shoot people every now and Not that I deserve a medal. Holly signals Kit with a nod at the horizon. 
110) 10) dialog: Okay, friend. start running. ROUGHNECK (o.c.) Just gimme a chance.
110) 11) dialog: Git. Holly moves around the side of the rig and sits against a Kit joins her. 
110) 12) dialog: Boy. I had a feeling today was going to be the day... Hel
110) 14) dialog: He's not coming to take us for a ride. either. Come on, l make a run for the car. He starts off in the direction of the car, but Holly call back. 
110) 16) dialog: Have you got a better idea?
110) 18) dialog: What? She shrugs. He stares at her for a moment, then bows his walks off a distance. 
110) 19) dialog: What is wrong with you, huh? He kicks wildly at dust. 
110) 20) dialog: What is the matter with you, huh!? Meanwhile, the helicopter continues its approach. Kit wal closer to Holly. 
110) 21) dialog: Boy, I don't know what to make of you. People like you. He kicks at the rigs then turns back to face her. 
110) 22) dialog: You want a second chance, then listen. Twelve noon the Gr Coulee Dam, New Year'ss Day. 1964. You meet me there... N got that? She nods, bewildered. The helicopter is landing. He grabs discarded fender off the truck, hangs it over his arm lik shield and runs to the Cadillac, exchanging shots with a Trooper who has arrived in the helicopter. The Trooper is falls. Kit jumps in the car and roars off. Holly surrende herself to the pilot of the helicopter and is taken off. 
111) 0) text: Kit pulls into a gas station. He gets out of his car and the roof. 
111) 1) dialog: Hey, anybody here? An ATTENDANT walks out the door. 
111) 2) dialog: Hi... Say,, you got any shells for a Savage, a .300 Savag
111) 4) dialog: Damn. I pissed all mine away shooting up bottles... You w fill her up for me? Please? The Attendant nods. Kit pulls Holly's suitcase out of the seat and walks over to a trash can at the edge of the apr throws Holly's things methodically into the trash can. Af while he comes upon a book. He opens the book and looks t it, then turns to find the Attendant staring at him. As h to his feet. he nods at the trash can. 
111) 5) dialog: If you want any of that junk, it's yours. Meanwhile, a police car approaches the station. Kit sees about the same time the police see him. He throws his boo car and roars out of the station. The police car goes int bootlegger's turn and takes off after him. 
112) 0) text: Kit shoots a hole in the tire of the Cadillac, then climb the hood. We see how far behind the police are. He checks pulse and jumps back down. He scurries around collecting from the shoulder as the police approach from the distanc makes a stack of the rocks to mark the site of his captur posterity, finishing just as the police car skids to a st throws up his hands and walks forward to meet them. Their are drawn. 
112) 1) dialog: Hi.
112) 3) dialog: I could've held off an army if I could've gotten behind a the mountains. DEPUTY (o.c.) Oh yeah? KIT (nodding) Long as my ammo held out... Right there's where you caugh He nods at the stack of rocks. The Sheriff frisks him as Deputy covers. 
112) 5) dialog: You better not leave that Cadillac sitting out here. The Sheriff takes out a pair of handcuffs. 
112) 8) dialog: You're going to give me a cauliflower ear, Sheriff. The Sheriff gives Kit a shove. 
114) 0) text: Kit thinks for a while, then turns to the Sheriff, who is driving. 
114) 1) dialog: Think I'll take the juice?
114) 3) dialog: Say, what kind of rifle was that you were shooting at me?
114) 6) dialog: You tossed my hat out the window. SHERIFF (o.c.) Wanta sue me?
114) 7) dialog: No.
114) 9) dialog: Mmmmm.
114) 11) dialog: They're okay.
114) 13) dialog: I don't know. Always wanted to be a criminal, I guess. Ju this big a one... Takes all kinds though. Kit gets a smile from the Deputy. The Deputy turns to the Sheriff. 
115) 0) text: Kit stands on the wing of a light plane, inside a large h the local airport. He is shackled in a leather transfer v takes souvenirs out of his pockets and tosses them out to of Montana State Troopers and National Guardsmen milling on the tarmac ground below him. 
115) 2) dialog: You think?... it's leather. He takes out his cigarette lighter. 
115) 3) dialog: Hey, now here's a real prize. I must've had this about te Who's going to get it? VOICE (o.c.) Gimme that sombitch.
115) 4) dialog: There you go. SECOND VOICE (o.c.) Where you from?
115) 5) dialog: South Dakota. Where you from? SECOND VOICE (o.c.) Here.
115) 6) dialog: Want a comb? He takes a comb out of his pocket and pitches it down to  somebody. He ignores most of the questions coming at him. THIRD VOICE (o.c.) Joni James is from South Dakota.
115) 7) dialog: Yeah, she got out of there, too. FOURTH VOICE (o.c.) You ever been to Kansas? FIFTH VOICE (o.c.) Hey, Kit. whot's your favorite singer?
115) 8) dialog: Eddie Fisher. Who's yours? FIFTH VOICE (o.c.) Eddie Fisher.
115) 9) dialog: Damn! Want a pen? He pitches the man a ballpoint. The CAMERA MOVES BACK to SHOT of the whole scene.  SIXTH VOICE (o.c.) How old are you?
115) 10) dialog: Don't you read the papers? SIXTH VOICE (.o.c.) You ever been married?
115) 11) dialog: No sir, I hadn't.
116) 0) text: Various SHOTS of the National Guardsmen dozing on the pav playing cards beside the hangar, a little bored. Also a s Holly with the Sheriff and Deputy.  SEVENTH VOICE (o.c.) Hey, Kit, you afraid of death? KIT (o.c.) I hadn't thought about it much.
117) 0) text: The Deputy walks up to Kit with some legal papers. 
117) 1) dialog: Hey, listen, Tom, I don't mean to tell you how to run you here but these cuffs are pinching. What do you say now? 
117) 3) dialog: Well, I've got to read them first. Suppose I could get a while I do?
117) 5) dialog: You boys keep out of trouble.
117) 8) dialog: Sure.
118) 0) text: Holly leans against the fender of the police car. She wea handcuffs. Kit turns to a State Trooper who holds him by tether. 
118) 1) dialog: You want to give me a little slack here? The Trooper pays out the slack. Kit leans against the car Holly exchange looks. 
118) 2) dialog: Don't worry now.. I'm going to get you off these charges. There's a whole lot of other boys out there. You're going a lot of fun. Holly looks down. 
118) 3) dialog: Boy, we rang the bells, didn't we? Holly does not reply. 
118) 4) dialog: I'll say one thing, though... That guy with the deaf maid just lucky he's not dead, too. Holly does not appreciate the humor of this. Kit, chasten turns serious. 
118) 5) dialog: Course it's too bad about your dad.
118) 7) dialog: We're going to have to sit down, and talk about that some He looks up at the SOUND of an incoming plane. 
119) 0) text: The plane that will take them back to South Dakota, a B-2 in for a landing. The mass of Troopers and National Guard with Kit and Holly, walks out to meet it. A jeep leads it the taxiway. A civilian bystander points Kit and Holly ou young boy he holds in his arms. 
120) 0) text: Kit signs his extradition papers on the back of the Chief Trooper, gives them to the Deputy and shakes hands with t Chief. 
120) 1) dialog: Thank you very much, Chief Sims. Sorry if I caused you an inconvenience.
120) 3) dialog: Thanks anyway. He turns to shake hands with the Deputy. The planets engi to life. 
120) 5) dialog: Tom...
120) 7) dialog: Thanks.
120) 9) dialog: I know you do. Good luck to you, too.
120) 11) dialog: Come on, Red.
121) 0) text: The props start turning. The crowd waves goodbye as the b door is closed. The wheels turn toward the sun. The Guard race back to their trucks. A mailman carries off the mail collected from the plane. The plane taxies down the runwa lifts into the air.  HOLLY (v.o.) Kit and I were taken back to South Dakota. They kept him solitary, so he didn't have a chance to get acquainted wi other inmates, though he was sure they'd like him, especi murderers. Myself, I got off with probation and a lot of looks. Later I married the son of the lawyer who defended (pause) Kit went to sleep in the courtroom while his conf was being read, and he was sentenced to die in the electr chair. On a warm spring night, six months later, after do his body to science, he did.  With Holly's last words we CUT INSIDE the cabin of the pl
122) 0) text: Kit sits next to the Trooper at the back of the plane. Ho opposite them, with a Detective behind her. Kit's attenti fixed on the military hat in the Trooper's lap. 
122) 1) dialog: Sir... Where'd you get that hat?
122) 3) dialog: Boy, I'd like to buy me one of those. The Trooper smiles. Holly looks up. 
122) 5) dialog: Think they'll take that into consideration? The Trooper smiles and looks out the window. Kit looks to to see if she has taken this remark in the proper spirit. smiles and looks out the window. 