1) 12) dialog: How was your day?
1) 14) dialog: Oh darling that's wonderful! (an adoring gaze)
1) 22) dialog: (shy smile)
1) 38) dialog: What's that Bud? Bud hesitates for a moment, then folds up a shiny blue ribbon.
1) 40) dialog: Darling that's wonderful. Except there's no such word as "swellest".
1) 46) dialog: (on T.V.)
3) 142) text: I promised Betty Jane she could use it over the weekend.
3) 149) text: "And I told Betty Jean she could have it for the picnic with Roy."
3) 177) dialog: Bud. Mary Sue ... Breakfast is on the table.
4) 34) dialog: Bu-ud ... Mary Sue ... Your breakfast is getting cold.
4) 36) dialog: Well, come on kids. You're not going off to school without a hot breakfast inside you ... They just stare at her.
4) 37) dialog: Forward march. They exchange a strange little glance then slowly rise to their feet. Jennifer waits for David who forces a smile t starts toward the kitchen.
4) 38) dialog: I just love you in that sweater Mary-Sue. It's so flattering.
4) 47) dialog: (to Jennifer)
4) 50) dialog: (big smile)
4) 52) dialog: (oppressively chipper)
4) 55) text: ... And a ham steak. Betty drenches the waffles in syrup and slathers on a hug slab of butter.
4) 56) dialog: ... And of course, a nice big bowl of oatmeal. Jennifer hesitates then glances over at her "mother" who looks at her expectantly. She glances at David who just l stunned. Jennifer pauses then reaches down and takes a forkful of the oozing mess ...
10) 1) dialog: Bud? WIDER. His "mother" and "father" come out onto the porch. David catches his breath then forces a smile.
10) 4) dialog: Why no. She's still on her date with Biff ... is something the matter?
10) 9) text: ... In fact pretty soon--she's even going to get married and make someone a good little home-maker like your mother here. (smiles at Betty/ inside joke)
10) 11) dialog: Oh, George ...
12) 1) dialog: Do you want some more cookies? INT. KITCHEN. David is at the kitchen table with a nauseated look on hi face. There are three empty bottles of milk and cookie cr all over the table.
12) 4) dialog: How 'bout some Marshmallow Rice Squares?
12) 6) dialog: Now who could that be. FOLLOWING DAVID. He crosses into the foyer ahead of his "parents." David swings open the door revealing Mr. Johnson, standing on t porch.
12) 20) dialog: Hello Bill. Neither one says anything but neither one has to. David l on in horror as his mother locks eyes with Mr. Johnson an his new found virility.
12) 38) dialog: Bud. It's 7:30 in the morning. Are you watching television? He gives her a sheepish grin and sighs ...
20) 0) text: The women's bridge club has assembled in the Parker kitch like it does every Wednesday afternoon. Four women are se around the kitchen table with a nice bowl of bridge mix between them. Betty is sifting next to Marge Jenkins, the woman who accompanied her daughter to the doctor's office
20) 3) dialog: Well that makes sense.
20) 13) dialog: Uh ... Seven hearts. They murmur at the strength of the hand.
21) 0) text: The SOUND of the television plays OS while a warm light b in the window. INT. KITCHEN. Jennifer and Betty stand at the sink finishing the dishes Betty washes while Jennifer dries and it's clear who's mo used to this. Jennifer examines a chipped nail as she pla a dish in the drying rack.
21) 1) dialog: Mary Sue?
21) 3) dialog: Can I ask you a question?
21) 5) dialog: What goes on up at Lover's Lane?
21) 8) dialog: Well, you hear all these things lately. You know--kids spending so much time up there ... (she looks over)
21) 12) dialog: What?
21) 14) dialog: No. I want to know.
21) 17) dialog: Ah. Betty nods from the import of the tone but not the meanin beat goes by ...
21) 18) dialog: What's sex? Jennifer looks over at her stunned, but Betty just looks her with a blank, curious expression. Jennifer hesitates.
21) 20) dialog: Yes.
21) 23) text: When two people like each other very much ... Betty looks at her and nods ...
22) 2) dialog: Yes ... (softly)
22) 6) dialog: Well ... (looking up)
22) 10) text: Well, Mom ... there's ways to "enjoy" yourself without Dad. ANGLE. BETTY. She looks across the table, perplexed.
23) 3) dialog: (calling out)
23) 4) text: Yeah ... I'm just going to take a bath first. CLOSER. BETTY. She swallows once as she stares down at the tub--then rea for the spigot and turns on the water. Betty's heart beat little faster as she HEARS the WATER THUNDERING DOWN. CLOSER STILL ... Betty reaches up and unties the little silk ribbon at the of her robe. She slips it off, and lets it drop to the fl standing naked in the middle of the bathroom. Betty glanc toward the mirror and then quickly glances away. She take deep breath and steps into the tub. EVEN TIGHTER. ON HER FACE ... Betty slides down into the warm water, breathing in the steam, and closing her eyes for a moment. She lingers lik that for a second or two, before settling a little lower the tub. Betty opens her eyes, but they only half open. T is the slight trace of a smile. EXTREME CLOSE UP BETTY'S FACE. Her eyes close again as she bites her lower lip gently. T water continues to THUNDER DOWN as she arches her back. Betty's breathing seems to quicken as she opens her eyes over again: HER POV. BATHROOM ...
23) 10) text: She stares in amazment. Beads of sweat form on Betty's forehead as the world goes to TECHNICOLOR. The THUNDERING WATER POUNDS IN THE BACKGROUND, but beneath can be heard beginnings of a faint, low, MOAN. Her eyes dart around th room. Her breathing quickens: Faster ... Harder ... More intense ... THEN SUDDENLY ... EXT. ELM STREET. NIGHT. The HUGE ELM TREE across the street suddenly BURSTS INTO FLAMES. Fire shoots straight up into the sky as billowing clouds of black smoke fill the air. BRIGHT ORANGE FLAMES LIGHT UP THE NIGHT. INT. PARKER LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. David is staring at the television set when he notices a weird orange glow. He glances behind him, out the living window ...
25) 111) text: Betty ... There is no answer.
25) 123) dialog: (fighting tears)
25) 126) dialog: (trembling)
25) 128) dialog: (quieter)
25) 131) dialog: In my handbag. He crosses to the counter and grabs her purse. David sits Betty on a kitchen chair and fishes inside the handbag fo her compact. He finds it along with a wadded up Kleenex.
25) 133) dialog: (off his reaction)
25) 134) text: What? David shakes his head and forces a smile. He hands her th compact so she can examine herself. Betty holds it up to face, turning her head first right, then left.
25) 135) dialog: (beat)
25) 138) dialog: And they won't be able to tell?
25) 140) text: No ... They won't be able to tell. Betty takes a deep breath and fluffs her hair. She grabs plate of Pineapple kabobs and heads for the door. Just be she goes in, she pauses, then plasters on a big wide "stewardess" smile ...
25) 142) dialog: (turning back)
25) 145) dialog: Thank you.
28) 16) dialog: (turning to leave)
28) 19) dialog: I just thought ... It's beautiful.
28) 23) dialog: I think it looks nice.
28) 26) dialog: Oh my ... CLOSER. They are standing almost on top of each other gazing down the book. Neither one of them moves. Betty almost disappe into the pictures--drawn by a strange new world.
28) 28) dialog: (breathless)
28) 31) dialog: Bud?
28) 35) dialog: (faintly)
28) 38) dialog: She's crying.
28) 40) dialog: Yes she is. He looks up at her ... REVERSE ANGLE. A single tear is running down Betty's cheek. She senses i and reaches up to wipe it quickly away, but instead of ju wiping the tear, she takes off a huge swath of GRAY MAKE- A long strip of PINK FLESH is revealed underneath. ANGLE. MR. JOHNSON. He stares up at her in amazement. ANGLE. BETTY. She senses something and glances down at her hand. Her fingertips are covered in GRAY MAKE-UP. Betty turns and b for the door. WIDER.
28) 43) dialog: I've got to go ...
28) 46) dialog: (shame)
28) 50) text: ... It's beautiful. She swallows, not sure what to do. Betty glances down.
32) 0) text: Betty sits in a comer of the shop, next to the gray bowl fruit. She holds her head to the side, sitting gracefully with her chin in the air. Mr. Johnson sits behind his eas painting her portrait from a few feet away. Betty looks radiant with no trace of the makeup, the warm PINK OF HER FLESH TONES lit softly by a bare forty watt bulb ... CLOSER. She looks over at Mr. Johnson when they hear the BOOMING OF THUNDER. Each of them freezes. There is ANOTHER, LOUDE BOOM ... ANGLE. WINDOW. The "Cubist Snowscene" lights up brightly, illuminated by sudden flash of lightning behind it. Betty leaps up from chair and crosses to the window looking out.
32) 1) dialog: (frightened)
35) 34) text: And the first thing you're gonna do is get a cup of hot cocoa and a nice dry bowling shirt. INT. SODA SHOP. NIGHT. The rain still pounds out the window. Betty and Mr. Johns are huddled in one of the booths watching the deluge thro Mr. Johnson's snow scene in the window. Betty is in soft radiant color now. Almost the whole frame seems to glow pink ...
35) 36) dialog: But I really should get home.
35) 38) dialog: Sounds nice ... Once you get used to it.
35) 40) text: Yeah. It does. There is another flash and a loud BOOM. Betty smiles this time.
35) 41) dialog: Like a drum.
35) 43) text: Or like sprinklers in the summer ... Betty smiles. They both listen for a moment and the fear seems to fade a little. The RAIN POUNDS harder on the roo Betty nestles down in the booth, a little closer to Mr. Johnson. They just sit there listening for a moment or tw Betty starts to smile ... EXT. LOVER'S LANE. David huddles with Margaret under the rocky ledge as she nestles against him with her head on his shoulder. INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM. She lies on her bed, still reading the book, the spitting image of Mary Sue. Her hair is up in a bun now. The glass have slipped down her nose. There is another fork of lightning and the LOUDEST THUNDER CLAP of all. Jennifer smiles slightly and pulls Mary Sue's afghan over her shoulders as she fluffs the pillow and turns the page.
35) 45) text: Drops of moisture cling to the petals as it GLEAMS BRILLI RED IN THE MORNING SUN ... AERIAL SHOT. PLEASANTVILLE. The rain is gone now. The town glistens in the sunlight complete with a huge RAINBOW arching across the sky. Literally all the COLORS IN THE RAINBOW shine against the black and white of the town. It looks like a greeting car INT. SODA SHOP. Betty and Mr. Johnson are asleep in the booth, lying in e other's arms. Sunlight streams in through the window, war Mr. Johnson's face which has now turned to color. He open his eyes and looks outside ...
36) 4) text: He looks up at it for a moment. INT. PARKER KITCHEN. DUSK. George and Betty stand face to face in their suburban kitchen. He is black and white. She is in full color.
36) 5) dialog: I told you where I was.
36) 7) dialog: I got caught in the storm. You were gone all night too.
36) 9) text: I was in a bowling-alley. Betty turns--glances out the window.
36) 12) dialog: I told you, George. I'm not going.
36) 15) dialog: No I'm not. She turns to face him. George flinches slightly.
36) 16) dialog: Look at me George. That meeting's not for me. Look at my face.
36) 18) dialog: I don't want to put on some make up ... George's eyes widen. It's a watershed moment.
36) 21) dialog: (gently)
36) 26) dialog: (softly)
36) 27) text: No I'm not sweetie. His expression leaves as quickly as it came. Betty moves closer to him.
36) 28) dialog: (half whisper)
36) 30) dialog: I made a couple of lunches for you and put them in brown paper bags ... (much quieter)
36) 33) dialog: I'm gonna go now. She turns and starts out the kitchen door when George cal after her.
39) 0) text: Mr. Johnson has scrubbed the snow scene from the window a stares with his palette at a blank pane of glass. There i knock at the door ... WIDER. Mr. Johnson puts down the paints and crosses to open it. Betty is standing in the doorway clutching her purse and "Lady Samsonite Weekender" bag. She stares up into his ey
40) 0) text: Joey Anderson, the local paper boy, is finishing his morn rounds. He reaches in his bag and tosses left toward the bakery. Then he throws right toward the post office. Then turns left toward the soda shop, does a double take and s into a trash can ... WIDER. SODA SHOP. Where Mr. Johnson had once painted his cubist snow scene, there is a brand new painting that isn't cubist at all. A NUDE version of Betty graces the shop window--painted in curving sensual brush strokes. Joey stops his bike and ju stares in amazement. He gets up and rides away as fast as possibly can ...
40) 62) text: What? CLOSER. STILL OVER DAVID'S SHOULDER. Betty reaches into her purse and pulls out her compact. S opens it, and holds it up to David, showing him the refle image of his own face. AT LAST HE HAS TURNED TO COLOR. REVERSE ANGLE. DAVID. He holds the mirror staring at his own reflection. The courage which transformed him only seems to grow. They lo at each other, both in color now, when David puts a gentl arm around her shoulder.
40) 66) text: A larger crowd of hooligans has now gathered around the n painting of Betty in the window. The jeers and cat calls even louder. The "closed" sign still sits in the doorway. After a beat or two, a HUGE BRICK SHATTERS THE GLASS ... WIDER. A big CHEER goes up from the crowd. Drunk on adrenalin, t fever builds and ANOTHER BRICK SMASHES THE WINDOW. In an instant, Mr. Johnson's "canvas" is totally destroyed. The CHEERING grows louder ... Almost by osmosis, the crowd rushes the building together The door is kicked in and they stream into the place. Soo all that can be heard is the weird SOUND OF LAUGHTER AND BROKEN GLASS. INT. SODA SHOP. It is an orgy of destruction. Stools are hurled--tables ripped out. The cash register is turned over. Two boys ki in the front of the juke box ... EXT. MAIN ST. DAY. David and Betty round the corner to find the Soda Shop be destroyed. They stand at the far side of the intersection watching the carnage as the crowd continues to run amok. After a moment or two, there are some more HOOTS as MARGA comes running toward them with the front of her blouse ri open.
40) 69) dialog: (taking his arm)
41) 14) text: The crowd has moved on and all that is left is the dark wreckage of the soda shop. Several stools lie out in the street and shards of brightly painted glass are scattered around the sidewalk. It is eerily quiet. WIDER. David, Betty and Margaret sit silently in the car, across street with the lights off. He unlatches the door handle gets out slowly. The rest of them follow him into the emp street as they move silently toward the soda shop, like s platoon on patrol. REVERSE ANGLE. As they get closer, more of the wreckage comes into view. a booth ... a soda spigot ... After a moment or two Jenni looks up and gasps. CLOSER. Several teenagers step out of the shadows. They have scra faces and ripped clothing--the signs. Most are dazed and OF THEM ARE IN COLOR. After a second or two, more appear: Mary Jane ... Lisa Anne ... The boy who was reading Huck Finn... ANGLE. DAVID. The kids turn to him as if he has some kind of answer. Of course he doesn't. The sounds of the Mob still carry thro the air from somewhere off in the distance.
42) 16) text: "SEVEN: The only permissible exterior paint colors shall be BLACK, WHITE or GRAY, despite the recent availability of certain alternatives." David looks over at Mr. Johnson who just winces slightly. Betty clutches his hand.
43) 0) text: The Fire Department is cleaning up the charred remains of bonfire ... INT. SODA SHOP. LATER ... Betty is asleep in one of the booths. Jennifer sleeps bes her on the floor. David and Margaret sleep next to them i another booth with Margaret curled up against his chest. David opens his eyes. REVERSE ANGLE. HIS POV. Mr. Johnson is standing in the middle of the shop, starin the large piece of plywood where his window used to be. H just gazes at the thing as if he could look through it. There's a faraway look in his eye. SHOT. DAVID. He rises carefully from the booth, without waking Margare David crosses over to Mr. Johnson and speaks in a whisper
45) 0) text: It is bathed in sunlight. Dozens of people stream through front door for the first trial in Pleasantville's history There is a weird carnival atmosphere in the air. INT. TOWN HALL. DAY. The place has been transformed from the Chamber of Commer meeting hall to a small town courtroom, complete with pew and ceiling fans. The only carry over from its previous configuration is the huge CHAMBER OF COMMERCE banner drap across the back wall. ANGLE. BENCH. At the center of the courtroom where the podium used to b a large, elevated judge's bench with a Rotary insignia on front. Big Bob sits six or seven feet above the proceedin finally living up to his name. The whole thing is a stran combination of Franz Kafka and "Inherit the Wind." Big Bo bangs the gavel ... CLOSER. The undertone begins to quiet down. All of the faces in t pews are Black and White. There is a "colored" section in back for standing room only. ANGLE. JURORS BOX. George is seated in the front row of the jury, despite hi relationship to one of the defendants. He is dressed impeccably with his Rotary Pin still gleaming on his lape After a moment or two he sneaks a glance toward the back the room ... ANGLE. BETTY. She stands in the back with the rest of the "colored" fac Betty cranes her head to catch a glimpse of David or Mr. Johnson. All at once, a hush goes through the crowd. ANGLE. DOORWAY. It swings open and David and Mr. Johnson are led in weari handcuffs. Dan, the Police Chief (now ballif), shows them a table in the center of the room directly facing Big Bob There is no lawyer present. There is also no prosecutor. ANGLE. DAVID. He glances around a little confused. (Weird courtroom.) B Bob bangs the gavel.
47) 27) dialog: (extending the bag)
47) 30) dialog: (painful/ quieter)
47) 31) text: I had to say goodbye. She looks up at David and their eyes lock. Betty hands hi the bag.
47) 32) dialog: There's a meatloaf sandwich in there too. Don't go skipping dinner just 'cause you're not here anymore.
47) 34) dialog: (voice quivering)
47) 37) text: ... It's a pretty short trip. She nods as well. Betty puts the sweater around his shoul anyway and fusses with the collar for a second or two. Th she throws her arms around his neck.
47) 38) dialog: I'm so proud of you, Bud.
47) 40) dialog: I love you too. She clings on tight for a second or two then lets go. Bet flicks away a tear and draws a deep breath.
47) 41) dialog: Well ... She steps back and looks at him. David glances down at th remote.