25) 95) dialog: Said he didn't want to do it anymore. Just took off his apron in the middle of an order. Mrs. Thompson had her groceries spread all over the counter ... Took 'em four hours to sort the whole thing out.
25) 97) dialog: George, everyone likes you.
35) 6) text: Where's my dinner? He wraps his arms around himself and shivers on the sidew INT. BOWLING ALLEY. NIGHT. The regular occupants of the barber shop spread out acros three lanes. Each wears a Pleasantville bowling shirt, sponsored by one of Big Bob's businesses. The NOISE from the crashing pins is deafening and there aren't any windows so the storm has gone unnoticed ... ANGLE. BIG BOB. He picks up a 7-10 split and claps his hands in delight. starts to cross back to the scorer's table when he looks and suddenly stops. REVERSE ANGLE. HIS POV. George is standing in the doorway to the bowling alley co and shivering. His shirt is soaked through to the skin. H hair is drenched and dripping.
35) 51) text: Oh my God ... INT. BOWLING ALLEY. The men are all passed out across the various lanes and scoring tables. It looks like a YMCA shelter. After a mom or two Big Bob yawns, and stretches, and glances out the glass doorway. He sees the rainbow and freezes in shock.
42) 0) text: Big Bob stands at the podium addressing a packed house. T atmosphere is odd: somewhere between a bake-off and a lynching. People sit in the aisles and in the window sill Bob points his finger.
44) 0) text: A huge crowd has gathered. There is a loud buzz in the ai David and Mr. Johnson stand side by side in front of thei work like they're presenting and guarding it at the same time. REVERSE ANGLE. CROWD. Most of the faces are black and white. A few near the bac are in color. Big Bob moves through the back of the crowd hurriedly buttoning his shirt. The buzz grows and the peo part as he heads toward the front of the pack ... ANGLE. FRONT OF CROWD. When Bob emerges from the crowd, Mr. Johnson flinches slightly. David just looks him in the eye and tries to fi as much courage as he can. "Big" Bob looks up at the colo rendering of his town with absolute horror. His eye scans green trees, the bright yellow gas station, the puffy pin clouds on the horizon.
45) 0) text: It is bathed in sunlight. Dozens of people stream through front door for the first trial in Pleasantville's history There is a weird carnival atmosphere in the air. INT. TOWN HALL. DAY. The place has been transformed from the Chamber of Commer meeting hall to a small town courtroom, complete with pew and ceiling fans. The only carry over from its previous configuration is the huge CHAMBER OF COMMERCE banner drap across the back wall. ANGLE. BENCH. At the center of the courtroom where the podium used to b a large, elevated judge's bench with a Rotary insignia on front. Big Bob sits six or seven feet above the proceedin finally living up to his name. The whole thing is a stran combination of Franz Kafka and "Inherit the Wind." Big Bo bangs the gavel ... CLOSER. The undertone begins to quiet down. All of the faces in t pews are Black and White. There is a "colored" section in back for standing room only. ANGLE. JURORS BOX. George is seated in the front row of the jury, despite hi relationship to one of the defendants. He is dressed impeccably with his Rotary Pin still gleaming on his lape After a moment or two he sneaks a glance toward the back the room ... ANGLE. BETTY. She stands in the back with the rest of the "colored" fac Betty cranes her head to catch a glimpse of David or Mr. Johnson. All at once, a hush goes through the crowd. ANGLE. DOORWAY. It swings open and David and Mr. Johnson are led in weari handcuffs. Dan, the Police Chief (now ballif), shows them a table in the center of the room directly facing Big Bob There is no lawyer present. There is also no prosecutor. ANGLE. DAVID. He glances around a little confused. (Weird courtroom.) B Bob bangs the gavel.
45) 45) text: Don't you miss her? CLOSE UP. GEORGE. He looks at him stunned. Big Bob bangs the gavel but nobo listens. George just stares at him like he got shot.
45) 50) dialog: (BANGING the gavel loudly)
45) 70) text: What do you want to do to me right now? Big Bob starts to tremble. He shakes with rage as David m closer.
45) 72) dialog: That's not going to happen!
45) 74) dialog: No it couldn't! Big Bob looks at David and starts to tremble. It starts around the base of his neck, spreads quickly up the rest his head. After a moment or two, Big Bob has gone complet RED IN THE FACE. WIDER. A gasp goes through the courtroom. David looks at him and just smiles. The crowd reaction turns almost to a ROAR as Bob turns and catches his reflection in the window. CLOSE UP. BIG BOB. He sees the ruddy image staring back at him, then looks d at his hands. They have gone completely RED as well. Big freezes for an instant then bolts from the bench in panic flees the room--flinging open the doors to the courtroom. ANGLE. DOORWAY. As Big Bob flees, he reveals an amazing sight: the Town Square GLISTENS IN LIVING COLOR. The huge lawn is a rich green. The sky is a dense opaque blue. Dozens of spectato bolt from their seats and rush to the doorway as the crow moves outside.