1) 39) dialog: First prize at the science fair. There were lots of swell projects--guess mine was just the "swellest".
1) 41) dialog: Well gee whizz, Mom. lt wasn't the "English" fair. There is another jarring LAUGH TRACK. CLOSE UP. DAVID. He smiles right along with it. David stares transfixed at set despite the continuing conversation in the other room
3) 111) text: Remember the one where Bud lost his cousin when he was s'posed to be watching him?
3) 139) dialog: (on TV)
3) 143) text: Bud and Mary Sue clutch either end of a small transistor radio. They seem to be in the EXACT SAME POSITION as Davi and Jennifer, who are struggling over the remote control. ANGLE. DAVID AND JENNIFER. She tugs the remote while David yanks in the other direct
3) 146) dialog: (on TV)
3) 159) text: George Parker (Bud and Mary Sue's father) enters from the landing whistling a happy tune. He's dressed in a gray su with a gray shirt, and a dark gray tie with little gray d
7) 5) text: Hi ya Bud.
7) 6) dialog: Hi ya Biff. He fidgets nervously for a moment looking down.
7) 8) dialog: Sure.
8) 40) text: Bud?
8) 105) text: Gee whiz "Bud", what could we possibly need when we have each other? She flashes him a "sweet" smile then reaches out and TOUC BIFF'S HAND. Both boys jump slightly as Jennifer gives he brother a venomous grin then suddenly waves "bye bye." Da just stares at her panicked as he moves haltingly back to Soda fountain.
10) 8) text: Bud, your sister's a little older now and she's naturally going to start going out with boys. (beat)
19) 4) text: Gee whizz, Bud. Guess I'll just have the usual. Cheeseburger and a cherry coke. Bud has already written it down. He glances over at his sister.
19) 7) text: Really? It seems so fattening. Before she can answer he smiles to himself and crosses be the counter. Bud posts the order and turns to Mr. Johnson
19) 25) text: ... But I really liked it. Bud takes a deep breath. He stares at Mr. Johnson, then t to speak softly.
27) 21) text: I'll be honest with you Bud. I'm getting sorta concerned about what I'm seeing in some of these re-runs ...
27) 24) text: ... Those aren't your cookies Bud.
36) 0) text: David comes gliding up Maple Street in the sunshine with huge smile on his face. He has that special grin and fara look that a boy only knows once in his life. Perplexingly is still in black and white. Bud turns on Elm Street and starts heading for his house when he glances up and sudde freezes. HIS POV. TREE TRUNK. There, tacked to the bark, is a hastily scrawled public notice:
37) 14) text: Hey Bud, how come you're not at the town meeting right now?
43) 3) text: I don't know what I'd do if I couldn't paint anymore Bud. I just don't know what I'd do ... CLOSE UP. DAVID. He just nods. David glances down at the table next to him picks up one of the brightly painted shards of glass and looks at it. It's orange and pink and yellow. David think for a second.
45) 43) text: Yes Bud.