1) 20) dialog: (by rote)
1) 27) text: I don't care if yesterday was the thirtieth, this is still the first weekend. INT. LIVING ROOM. Her words drift in from the kitchen while David stares at show.
1) 32) dialog: (reciting--a little louder)
1) 44) dialog: (quietly)
1) 47) text: Oh--what's a mother to do? CLOSE UP. DAVID. He grabs another handful of Doritos staring at the T.V ..
2) 0) text: A cacophony of modem life. Beepers and nose rings--blue h and tattoos. Dissonant boom boxes compete with one anothe The hormones are running crazy. SCHOOL COURTYARD. lt is a large open area, alive at lunchtime. Groups of ki hang out together, divided by their various cliques. The music pounds in the background. CLOSE UP. DAVID. He stands at one end of the courtyard beside a chain link fence. Beads of sweat form on David's forehead as he spea to someone in front of him.
2) 1) dialog: Hi. I mean ... (pause)
2) 2) text: ... Hi. REVERSE ANGLE. A very pretty blonde girl smiles back at him. It's a warm welcoming smile. CLOSE UP. DAVID.
2) 3) dialog: Look. You probably don't think I should be asking you this. I mean--not knowing you well and all ... REVERSE ANGLE. GIRL. She smiles wider at him, inviting him to continue. CLOSE UP. DAVID.
2) 4) dialog: (pause ...)
2) 5) text: I mean I know you--everybody knows you ... I just don't know you ... technically. REVERSE ANGLE. GIRL. She nods at him ... CLOSE UP. DAVID.
2) 6) dialog: Well--I was just wondering--'cause I see you all the time in Algebra and I heard you humming that Van Halen song and I really like that song too ... (pause)
2) 7) text: Anyhow, I don't know what you're doing this weekend but my Mom's leaving town and she said I could use her car so ... REVERSE ANGLE. GIRL. She positively beams. The girl flicks her blonde hair and stares back at him adoringly. CLOSE UP. DAVID. Instead of smiling back, David just stares, then looks at ground. WIDE ANGLE. SCHOOLYARD. For the first time WE SEE THAT SHE WASN'T TALKING TO HIM. David stands a good hundred yards across the schoolyard, rehearsing this speech while the young woman stands face face with a much cooler boy. He has a cell phone and a ve hip haircut. ANGLE. DAVID. David watches as the girl throws her arm around the boy's waist and heads out of the playground ...
3) 0) text: David and his friends are all gathered around the plastic picnic tables and vending machines that form the luncheon court. The chess club meets at one end and there are some teachers at the other. All the cool kids are on the other side of the fence but David and his friends eat lunch at same table every day.
3) 2) dialog: Easy. Mr. Jenkins. What JOB did Mr. Jenkins have? Howard looks at him, puzzled.
3) 3) dialog: Salesman. What did Bud and Mary Sue name the cat they found in the gutter?
3) 5) dialog: Marmalade. They all nod--and murmur with admiration.
3) 6) dialog: Okay--here's one: Why did their parents come home early from their weekend at the lake? Everybody thinks. Nobody knows.
3) 7) dialog: 'Cause Bud didn't answer the phone and they were worried about him. It's quiet for a beat.
3) 9) dialog: Marathon starts at 6:30. Contest's tomorrow at noon.
3) 12) dialog: Of course it is Howard. That's why they call it a Marathon.
3) 51) text: I know. Well I'm jealous of you too sometimes. INT. DAVID'S BEDROOM. lt is studious and academic--not joyless, but not colorfu either. David stands at his bedroom window, staring outsi with a cordless phone in his hand.
3) 52) dialog: ... He's not homeless Howard, they just don't say where he lives. (pause ...)
3) 55) dialog: ... because that's just not what it's like. She fires up the car and pulls out of the driveway...
3) 56) dialog: Listen Howard--it's almost six-thirty. I gotta go. INT. WAGNER LIVING ROOM. The huge black TV sits like a monolith in the middle of t room. All at once David comes bounding down the stairs ma a B-Iine for the couch. Jennifer enters just as quickly f the other direction, fiddling with her clothes. DIFFERENT ANGLE. They hit the coffee table and reach for the remote contro exactly the same moment. Both of them freeze then look up each other in shock.
3) 59) dialog: What are you doing? Neither one moves. They clutch the remote together.
3) 61) dialog: Well great. The Pleasantville Marathon starts at six thirty.
3) 63) dialog: (almost reverently)
3) 67) dialog: Weil great. You can watch TV upstairs.
3) 70) dialog: (breathless)
3) 74) dialog: No you can't, Jen! It's a new TV. It doesn't work without a remote. David cradles the pieces like a fallen comrade, when the DOORBELL RINGS behind him.
3) 83) text: Well here I am. REVERSE ANGLE. DAVID'S POV. He glances out the front door toward a weird VAN parked a the curb. It says TV REPAIR on the side but looks like something from a medicine show. The antenna on top resemb a weather vane and the mural beneath it depicts a happy family from the 1950s, gathered around their TV set. Ever wears a smile, including the dog. The hand-painted motto reads "Rob's TV Repair--WE'LL FIX YOU FOR GOOD." INT. LIVING ROOM. David looks back at Dick Van Dyke who smiles at him, then crosses to the living room STEPPING NIMBLY AROUND THE OTTOMAN. He heads toward the TV.
3) 86) dialog: Yeah ... Sort of ...
3) 88) text: We'll get you fixed up in no time. He pops the top of the tool box while Jennifer and David stare. It's a strange looking box with the same happy fam painted on the side. Dick Van Dyke pulls out another remo
3) 90) dialog: (tentatively)
3) 95) dialog: (cutting her off)
3) 96) text: The Pleasantville Marathon starts at six thirty. At that moment there is a huge FORK OF LIGHTNING and a booming CLAP OF THUNDER. It literally rattles the walls o the house as Dick Van Dyke turns toward David.
3) 102) dialog: (stunned)
3) 105) dialog: (still staring)
3) 112) dialog: Yeah ...
3) 114) dialog: McIntire's.
3) 116) dialog: No. McIntire's. Remember: (sings)
3) 119) text: That's right. He stares at David, speechless, for a moment, then smiles fondly and reaches beside him for his tool kit.
3) 121) dialog: Ooomph?
3) 124) text: We'll take it. CLOSER. He flashes them a big smile and holds out a weird looking contraption that seems more primitive than space age. It' strange combination of an early transistor radio and Flas Gordon ray gun. Dick Van Dyke extends it with pride, whil Jennifer and David stare at him warily ...
3) 125) dialog: (beat)
3) 131) text: It's almost time for your date. He places the remote control gingerly on the coffee table smiles at them. Dick starts across the living room when h suddenly catches his foot on the leg of the ottoman and tumbles end over end. He rolls on the carpet, executes a perfect somersault and comes right back to a standing position. David and Jennifer stare at him stunned when he looks back at them and smiles.
3) 133) text: Take care now. There is another flash of lightning as he reaches for the doorknob. David and Jennifer look at one another while th front door shuts with a THUD. It's quiet for a second or before there is another CLAP OF THUNDER. David cocks his head. DIFFERENT ANGLE. David glances down at the strange contraption sitting on coffee table. It looks a little scary. Slowly, very slowy reaches down and touches it. Nothing seems to happen so h picks it up. CLOSER. David points the remote toward the TV set with an apprehensive look on his face. He winces a little, then pushes one of the buttons. DIFFERENT ANGLE. The TV set turns on. Oprah's face fills the screen as an angry housewife screams at a transvestite!
3) 134) dialog: Hunh. It ail seems normal as he pushes another button. This tim the channel changes.
3) 135) dialog: (relaxing)
3) 138) dialog: No way. He continues to flip through the channels, coming to rest the Pleasantville Marathon. BUD'S VOICE fills the room.
3) 143) text: Bud and Mary Sue clutch either end of a small transistor radio. They seem to be in the EXACT SAME POSITION as Davi and Jennifer, who are struggling over the remote control. ANGLE. DAVID AND JENNIFER. She tugs the remote while David yanks in the other direct
3) 145) dialog: Forget it Jen, I've waited a year for this.
3) 151) text: God, David. Just give it to me!
3) 152) dialog: (yanking it back)
3) 155) dialog: (a whisper)
3) 158) dialog: I'm not sure.
3) 164) dialog: I don't know.
3) 166) text: Uchh! Look at me?! I'm like so ... pasty! He glances down at the remote control that sits lifeless his hand. David frantically presses the buttons but nothi happens. All at once, there is a voice behind them.
3) 173) dialog: (to the TV set)
3) 176) text: You know ... David glances around at his black and white surroundings. "mother's" voice rings out from the kitchen.
3) 178) dialog: We're in Pleasantville?
4) 2) dialog: You--you gotta get us out of here.
4) 5) dialog: Because we don't belong!
4) 7) dialog: My name's David.
4) 12) dialog: Look--we appreciate it. We really do. We just--we want to go home now.
4) 16) text: In fact ... I'm starting to get a little upset. David moves toward the screen.
4) 17) dialog: Don't get upset.
4) 21) dialog: Where are you going ...
4) 23) dialog: 
4) 27) dialog: 
4) 29) dialog: (dropping the gizmo)
4) 32) dialog: I don't know ... It's not possible ... (looking at her)
4) 35) dialog: It can't be possible. DIFFERENT ANGLE. Betty (their "mother") sticks her head into the living ro wearing her black and white apron. She has a great big Pepsodent smile.
4) 40) text: Thanks. INT. KITCHEN. David and Jennifer walk two steps into the kitchen when t suddenly freeze--agape at the spectacle in front of them: THEIR POV. PARKER KITCHEN. Every breakfast food imaginable has been laid upon the ta There are hotcakes and sausages and biscuits and eggs. Pitchers of orange juice are dwarfed by the mountains of The table literally sags under the weight of the food. Ge Parker lowers his morning paper and smiles at his childre
4) 42) text: Morning kids. Better get a move on or you're going to be late for school. They nod, stunned, and wander forward into the room. Brig sunlight streams through the kitchen window as a gentle symphony of songbirds sings outside. David and Jennifer s straight ahead as their "mother" adds some waffles to the heap.
4) 43) dialog: (under his breath)
4) 64) dialog: Just take deep breaths.
4) 67) dialog: We're supposed to be in school.
4) 71) dialog: Hello Mr. Simpson.
4) 73) dialog: Oh yeah. A Buick. It's swell.
4) 75) dialog: Owns the hardware store.
4) 77) dialog: We just gotta play along for a little while ... till that guy shows up again. Then I'll talk to him and ...
4) 79) dialog: Well, yeah. I'm ... Bud Parker and you're ... um--Mary Sue.
4) 82) dialog: We don't have a choice Jen. We're stuck until he comes back.
4) 84) dialog: To who? Jen looks around this cheery little street, and the horro starts to dawn on her. At that moment, they hear a scream SIREN and a bright GRAY FIRE ENGINE comes racing up the block. WIDER. Jennifer and David step back on the curb as the firemen c flying out of the truck, grabbing the ladder on the back.
4) 96) dialog: Biff Martin. Captain of the basketball team.
4) 99) dialog: As a matter of fact he does.
5) 0) text: Streams of impeccably kept youngsters file through the do doors. All cheery and very pleasant looking. It looks lik Leni Riefenstahl movie. ANGLE. FROM ACROSS THE STREET. David stands beside Jennifer looking at the entrance to t school. Three girls huddle together by the front steps.
5) 2) dialog: Peggy Jane, Lisa Anne and Betty Jean.
5) 5) dialog: I don't think so.
7) 0) text: There are fifteen to twenty boys scattered around the Gym Each is dressed identically in white shorts and black soc with a "PLEASANTVILLE" jersey. SHOT. DAVID. He stands at the free throw line with a basketball in his hand. (Not exactly an athletic image.) David lets go of a jump shot that swishes effortlessly through the net. He l a little surprised.
7) 1) dialog: Wow. He stares at the backboard slightly intrigued. David retrieves the ball and fires again, this time chucking it up blind. The ball sails through the hoop again, HITTING NOTHING BUT NET. FULL SHOT. OTHER SIDE OF THE GYM. Ten to twelve of his teammates fire simultaneously at the hoop. ALL OF THE SHOTS SAIL THROUGH THE HOOP, NONE EVEN NICKING THE RIM. The boys retrieve their shots as the coa claps his hands.
7) 10) dialog: Oh God! Are we in that episode?
7) 12) dialog: I don't believe it.
7) 14) dialog: You want to ask her out tonight, right? And then you want to give her your school pin ...
7) 16) dialog: (shaking his head)
7) 19) dialog: What I mean is ... Mary Sue's been a little "different" lately ...
7) 22) dialog: I didn't say that. It's just that right now ...
7) 24) dialog: (under his breath)
7) 26) dialog: Honest. It'll be fine. Biff nods, a little confused, as David pats him on the ba
8) 0) text: David stands off to the side with his sister, while class pours out around them.
8) 2) dialog: One date, Jen--that's all I'm asking. If you don't go out with this guy we could throw their whole universe out of whack.
8) 4) dialog: What?
8) 6) dialog: What were you doing in a library?
8) 9) dialog: 
8) 12) dialog: Jen, listen ...
8) 15) dialog: (putting his arm around her)
8) 27) dialog: It's in your closet.
8) 30) dialog: He won't notice anyway.
8) 32) dialog: They don't notice that kind of thing.
8) 34) dialog: Jen please ...
8) 36) dialog: Just go with the program--hunh? I'm late for work.
8) 41) dialog: Sorry ... I had to help my folks and then I couldn't find my hat ...
8) 44) dialog: What's wrong?
8) 46) dialog: (confused)
8) 49) dialog: I'm sorry. He crosses to Mr. Johnson who has polished one section of counter right down to the wood. David takes the towel out his hand and folds it neatly in front of him.
8) 50) dialog: (gently)
8) 53) dialog: I understand. EXT. PARKER HOUSE. NIGHT. Biff's convertible rolls up to the curb with Pat Boone playing on the radio. He runs a comb through his short bl hair before grabbing the bouquet of flowers next to him a heading up the walk. Biff rings the doorbell and, a momen later, Jennifer's silhouette appears in the doorway ...
8) 55) dialog: (frazzled)
8) 59) dialog: (turning)
8) 62) dialog: Listen to me! Mr. Johnson recoils slightly.
8) 63) dialog: Do you have the lettuce?
8) 65) dialog: Have you cooked the burgers?
8) 68) dialog: Well you can just put on the lettuce, finish the burger and pretend it was me doing it all along. Mr. Johnson stares at him.
8) 69) dialog: Really. It's fine. DIFFERENT ANGLE. SODA SHOP ENTRANCE. The screen door swings open and is held there by the end Letterman's sweater. A moment later, Jennifer sashays through, parading her new Jane Russell profile. Her "girlfriends" TITTER from the comer as Biff rushes up to table, and pulls out a chair. She sashays into it, brushi against him as she goes. ANGLE. DAVID. He stares motionless at the spectacle--concerned and apprehensive. David holds a hot fudge sundae under the so spiggot and jerks back on the lever blowing ice cream all over his chest. FULL SHOT. TABLE. Biff stares across the table at Jennifer with the wholeso devotion of a labrador retriever. He looks like a cross between Troy Donahue and a mannequin.
8) 79) dialog: What can I get you two? WIDER. He stands at their table holding a little white pad of pa and a pencil. Jennifer looks up at her brother and almost bursts out laughing. He wears his soda jerk hat at a jaun angle with large white apron tied around his neck.
8) 92) text: Will you excuse me for a sec? Jennifer gets up in a daze and heads toward the bathroom. ANGLE. DAVID. He freezes behind the counter and watches as his sister practically stumbles through the bathroom door. INT. BATHROOM. Of course there aren't any toilets. Jennifer gropes her w to the sink and leans against the counter.
8) 101) dialog: (chipper)
8) 119) dialog: 
8) 121) dialog: 
8) 125) dialog: (to God)
10) 0) text: David comes sprinting up to the porch, then doubles over catching his breath. He clings onto the porch swing when door opens behind him.
10) 3) dialog: Have you seen Mary Sue?
10) 5) dialog: (still panting a little)
12) 2) dialog: (sick)
12) 5) dialog: I'm fine. There is a knock behind them at the door. David springs u
12) 7) dialog: Oh hi!
12) 9) dialog: Oh, yeah. Sorry. I'm fine. I just ... Had to get home early. Mr. Johnson leans in closer and speaks in a CONFIDENTIAL of voice.
12) 11) dialog: Yeah ...
12) 14) dialog: Yeah ...
12) 18) text: Not only that, I didn't even do it in the same order. First I lowered the shades, then I closed the register. He looks at David with pride then suddenly shifts his gla behind him.
12) 21) dialog: (quickly)
12) 28) dialog: (urgent whisper)
12) 31) text: Nothing. She starts up the staircase. David follows her and the CA follows them both.
12) 32) dialog: What do you mean "nothing?" That's not nothing. That's ... She reaches the top of the stairs and turns to him.
12) 37) text: It would be a stunning vista if it wasn't in black and wh The church steeple gleams in the sunlight. The perfect li houses look like a row of pretty toys ... INT. PARKER LIVING ROOM. DAY. David sits parked in front of the TV furtively turning through the channels. He flips the dial frantically. No s of Dick Van Dyke.
13) 0) text: It is the same configuration as earlier. Everyone wears t Pleasantville "Lions" jerseys, white sneakers and black socks. David enters the Gym a little groggy. He hasn't ha much sleep. CLOSER. He looks up and stops. David cocks his head to the side, staring across the gym. HIS POV. BIFF AND OTHER BOYS. They are huddled at the far end, each holding a basketbal under his arm. Biff is in the center of the group, animat describing something that is holding their RAPT ATTENTION WIDER ANGLE. INCLUDING DAVID.
13) 1) dialog: (quietly)
13) 4) dialog: Oh my God ...
14) 0) text: David stands face to face with his sister in mid conversation.
14) 1) dialog: You can't do this, Jennifer. I WARNED you.
14) 3) dialog: You don't understand. You're messing with their UNIVERSE.
14) 11) dialog: You have no right to do this.
14) 13) dialog: They're happy like this.
14) 15) text: You like all this don't you? David recoils slightly.
14) 18) dialog: I just don't think we have the right to ...
14) 20) dialog: They don't have that kind of potential.
17) 0) text: David examines the back of the TV set ...
19) 0) text: David sits on the floor with a weird look of resignation Brillcream commercial plays in front of him ...
19) 2) dialog: What'll it be?
19) 6) dialog: (pointed)
19) 8) dialog: Two cheeseburgers, two cherry cokes.
19) 11) dialog: (exasperated)
19) 14) dialog: C'mere. He pulls him along the counter toward a little office storeroom in the back. He yanks him inside and shuts the door. INT. STOREROOM. It is just as cheery as the rest of the place. There is a small table with a telephone on it. A Texaco calendar sho happy family motoring in their Rambler.
19) 15) dialog: What did you say? Mr. Johnson glances down with a little shame and confusio
19) 17) dialog: What are you talking about! You make hamburgers! That is the point!
19) 20) dialog: Just listen to me ...
19) 23) dialog: Forget about that!
19) 26) dialog: Look, you can't always like what you do. Sometimes you just do it because it's your job. And even if you don't like it, you just gotta do it anyway.
19) 28) dialog: (exasperated)
19) 29) text: So they can have their hamburgers! This sounds stupid even to David. He shakes his head.
19) 32) dialog: (warily)
19) 36) text: One year it's the North Pole. The next I do Santa's workshop. Here I'll show you. He pulls a photo album from the back of the desk and open it for David.
19) 37) dialog: (impressed)
19) 40) text: But this morning I was thinking about it and I realized that I looked forward to it all year. And then I thought "Gee. That seems awfully silly. That seems like an awfully long time to be waiting for just one moment, don't you think?" David looks at him speechless.
19) 42) dialog: I think you should try not to think about this anymore.
19) 44) dialog: Yeah.
23) 10) text: She stares in amazment. Beads of sweat form on Betty's forehead as the world goes to TECHNICOLOR. The THUNDERING WATER POUNDS IN THE BACKGROUND, but beneath can be heard beginnings of a faint, low, MOAN. Her eyes dart around th room. Her breathing quickens: Faster ... Harder ... More intense ... THEN SUDDENLY ... EXT. ELM STREET. NIGHT. The HUGE ELM TREE across the street suddenly BURSTS INTO FLAMES. Fire shoots straight up into the sky as billowing clouds of black smoke fill the air. BRIGHT ORANGE FLAMES LIGHT UP THE NIGHT. INT. PARKER LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. David is staring at the television set when he notices a weird orange glow. He glances behind him, out the living window ...
23) 11) dialog: Oh my God! EXT. ELM STREET. NIGHT. David comes racing out of the front door and down the wal small CROWD has gathered in front of the fire. (They don' seem frightened--just sort of amazed.) The street is stil BLACK AND WHITE but it is now bathed in a weird ORANGE LI The flames leap higher and higher ...
23) 12) dialog: Jesus Christ ... FOLLOWING DAVID. He takes off down the block, as fast as he can run. The c continues to stare as David turns the corner at Main Street ... EXT. FIRE STATION. He races in the front of the building SCREAMING at the to his lungs.
23) 13) dialog: 
24) 0) text: There is no sign of life on the ground floor. David races the stairs toward the bunk room on the second story. INT. BUNKROOM. All the firemen are sitting around playing Gin Rummy when David rushes in the front door. They can hear his voice f down the hall.
24) 1) dialog: (entering)
24) 3) dialog: (beat)
24) 5) dialog: Right here! The Fire ENGINE screeches to a halt. The Fire Chief looks around ...
24) 7) dialog: Here! Grab this nozzle.
24) 9) dialog: Just grab it! He strips out about fifteen feet of hose, then grabs the fireman and pulls him toward the curb. David parts the cr and positions the man right in front of the flames.
24) 10) dialog: (shouting)
24) 11) text: Okay! Now point this right at the flames--like this. The Fireman nods and does as he is told. David opens the valve sending out a huge FLUME OF WATER.
24) 13) text: So that's what these do. A huge smile breaks out across the fireman's face--like a who has suddenly found his purpose in life. He beams from to ear dousing the flames, while David runs to get anothe hose ...
25) 0) text: David walks away from the center of town looking down at plaque. He takes his sleeve and starts to rub off a smudg when a young woman comes up beside him.
25) 3) dialog: Oh. Thanks, Margaret.
25) 6) dialog: (vaguely remembering an episode)
25) 9) dialog: No. You baked them for Whitey.
25) 12) dialog: Um ... thanks. David can smell the weird combination of hot moist breath freshly baked cookies. He stares into her eyes for a mome unable to speak. Margaret flashes him a not-so Pleasantvi smile.
25) 18) dialog: (quietly)
25) 21) dialog: It's fine. David glances at the booth beside them and realizes that bongos have stopped playing. All the kids are staring up him, with a weird expression of awe.
25) 24) dialog: Sure. He crosses to the booth where Biff and two others look up him. It's like Elvis has entered the building.
25) 25) dialog: How you doin?
25) 28) dialog: What?
25) 30) dialog: Well--where I used to live ... That's just what firemen did. This sends a MURMUR through the shop. The boy leans forwa
25) 32) dialog: (carefully)
25) 35) dialog: Look it doesn't matter. It's not important.
25) 37) dialog: It's really not important.
25) 41) dialog: (slowly)
25) 45) dialog: Well--it all just keeps going. Roads ... rivers ...
25) 48) dialog: ... What? He moves forward extending a book. The cover reads: "THE ADVENTURES OF HUCKELBERRY FINN." David opens the first pa There is printing inside.
25) 51) dialog: (turning to Jennifer)
25) 56) dialog: The pages filled in?
25) 59) dialog: (hesitating)
25) 63) dialog: Well--see ... they're both running away--Huck and the slave ... And ... They go up the river ... But--in trying to get free they sort of see that they're free already. David looks immediately down to the blank pages of the bo that aren't blank anymore. Rows and rows of FRESH NEW TYP materialize in front of him. He turns to the back of the book, that is complete with a COLOR illustration.
25) 64) dialog: (quietly)
25) 68) dialog: Hunh? (looks down at the book)
25) 117) text: George turns around to see David, standing on the landing listening to the entire conversation. Their eyes lock for moment ...
25) 118) dialog: I'll get her. He moves quickly to the kitchen shutting the door behind INT. KITCHEN. David gets a couple of steps in and stops. He looks acros the room to see: REVERSE ANGLE. Betty standing at the kitchen sink, just staring out the window. Her back is to him. She grips the formica kitchen counter.
25) 119) dialog: (approaching slowly)
25) 120) text: Are you okay? She doesn't answer. David moves up to her and rests a han her shoulder.
25) 121) dialog: Are you alright? Betty turns around to face him. HER FACE HAS TURNED
25) 124) text: What am I going to do? David moves closer and looks at her. Her lip is quivering
25) 125) dialog: It's okay. It's alright.
25) 127) text: I can't go out there. How can I go out there? She looks right up at David.
25) 129) text: Look at me ... DIFFERENT ANGLE. He stares at her for a second. Big green eyes full of fea and confusion. David pushes a reassuring smile.
25) 130) dialog: Have you got any make up?
25) 132) dialog: Okay--first we'll dry you out a little. He dabs at the tears, while she smiles at him in gratitud Then David opens the compact and takes out the large GRAY powder puff. CLOSER. It is a truly amazing sight. As David smears on the makeu she returns gradually to BLACK AND WHITE. The skin tones disappear. The flush of her cheeks goes. David takes out DARK GRAY lipstick, obliterating the bright red of her li REVERSE ANGLE. OVER BETTY'S SHOULDER. He works on her for a second or two, then takes a step ba All at once, David seems to wince: REVERSE ANGLE. HIS POV. BETTY'S FACE. The life is gone from her face. In an instant Betty has g from three dimensions to two. She stands in front of him, fictional version of herself all over again.
25) 134) text: What? David shakes his head and forces a smile. He hands her th compact so she can examine herself. Betty holds it up to face, turning her head first right, then left.
25) 137) dialog: Looks just like it did.
25) 139) dialog: (even quieter)
25) 141) dialog: Wait.
25) 143) text: What? He wants to say something, but doesn't. David shakes his head.
25) 144) dialog: It's fine. She smiles again and balances the tray in front of her.
25) 146) dialog: (sadly)
26) 2) dialog: (entering)
26) 5) dialog: (quietly)
26) 6) text: I brought you something ... From the library. CLOSER. FOLLOWING DAVID. He has a large book tucked under his arm that is easily t feet long. Mr. Johnson looks at him a little intrigued as David crosses to the counter.
26) 7) dialog: It's an art book.
26) 9) dialog: Open it. Mr. Johnson reaches out and opens the cover. After a beat his eyes widen.
26) 10) dialog: I just thought since you liked painting it might help to ... Mr. Johnson gasps. It's quiet, and subtle, but it's still gasp. David looks over at him but he's lost in the pages. HIS POV. (INSERT) ART BOOK ... Massacio's "Expulsion of Adam and Eve' leaps off the page vibrant, tortured color. The beauty of the garden is offs by their agony and their shame. HE TURNS THE PAGE ... Titian's "Venus to Utano". Soft, fleshy, in a rich golden light. She is utterly real and entirely nude. The folds o her flesh almost seem to glow ... Rembrandt's "Self Portrait." Dark reds, umbers, blacks an browns. He looks back at Mr. Johnson with pain and wisdom There's a brilliant light on his hair.
26) 13) dialog: What's wrong?
26) 15) dialog: Oh, well--you're just starting out. I mean, you can't do it ...
26) 19) dialog: Hi.
26) 22) dialog: (pause)
26) 24) dialog: It's just that my folks are gonna stay home and they said I could use their car. (moment of truth/ abandoning his speech)
26) 25) text: ... You want to go out with me tonight? He wants to turn away but doesn't. David forces himself t stare at her and all of a sudden she beams. It's the whit pearliest smile in the world.
26) 28) dialog: (swallows)
27) 0) text: David comes flying around the corner in complete jubilati He vaults over a parking meter, swings around a lampost a leaps off the bumper of a parked car. David hi-fives into air at no one in particular and sails over Mr. Simpson's hedge almost decking him in the process.
27) 1) dialog: (calling back)
27) 2) text: Sorry ... FOLLOWING DAVID. He races across the street bobbing and weaving like an Al American fullback. David bounds up his front steps two at time flinging open the door. INT. PARKER HOUSE. FOYER.
27) 3) dialog: "Oh when the Saints ... Go Marching in ..." He lets the door slam behind him as he takes off his apro and tosses it on the coat rack. David starts up the stair when he HEARS a MAN'S VOICE coming from the living room.
27) 7) dialog: (wary)
27) 10) text: Well c'mere, young fella. INT. LIVING ROOM. David crosses slowly over to the TV set.
27) 12) text: You know I've been thinkin' ... I might have been a little "hasty" the other day when you asked to come home--just took me by such surprise, ya know--ha ha ... He gives a goony laugh. David just looks at him ...
27) 14) dialog: (quickly)
27) 17) dialog: Talk about it. Right now, I mean. I got to ... um ... The look turns suddenly dark and ominous.
27) 19) dialog: Oh ... I do. Yeah. It's just that I told my "dad" I'd clean out the rain gutters and Mr. Johnson wanted me to ... to change the tape in the register ...
27) 22) dialog: Re-runs?
27) 25) dialog: Oh, I know they're not. But I mean-- they're just "cookies" after all ...
27) 27) dialog: Well they're not just cookies. I mean, they're great cookies ... Look, I'd love to get into this whole thing but I'm really running late. Why don't we hook up tomorrow?
27) 30) dialog: Terrific. I'll talk to you then. He swttches off the TV sending Dick Van Dyke to electroni limbo. David stands in the middle of the living room, breathing hard ... INT. JENNIFER'S (MARY SUE'S) ROOM. She sits on the bed staring down at the front cover of a book. (It's an alien experience.) Jennifer is just about open it when she senses something and glances toward the door. REVERSE ANGLE. Bud is standing in the doorway just staring at her. He se to be out of breath.
27) 32) dialog: Nothing.
27) 34) dialog: Listen ... He takes a couple of steps into the room and then suddenl stops.
27) 35) dialog: You're reading?
27) 39) dialog: (amazed)
27) 42) dialog: (still stunned)
27) 45) dialog: Well ... I just ... (out of the blue)
27) 48) dialog: Remember when you told me that Lisa Rosenberg liked me?
27) 50) dialog: Well--did she really like me or were you just making that up.
27) 52) dialog: You weren't playing a joke? She woulda gone out with me?
27) 54) dialog: Wow. He looks at her amazed--reliving the missed opportunity.
27) 56) dialog: Yes.
27) 58) dialog: (back to earth)
27) 61) dialog: Oh, I don't know. Maybe ... (thinks)
28) 0) text: David gets out of his "dad's" convertible, carrying a doz "gray" roses. He takes a deep breath and heads up her fro walk ... INT. CAR. NIGHT. LATER ... David sits behind the wheel of the borrowed car with Marg Henderson by his side. He concentrates hard on the road, holding the wheel at "10 and 2" as he steals a glance to right. HIS POV. MARGARET. It's not quite evening yet, and late afternoon light make her glow. Margaret smiles as she turns her face into the wind that swirls inside the convertible ... SHOT. DAVID. He studies her for a moment or two, then suddenly swerves avoid a parked car on his right ... WIDER. They pass a sign with a happy family on it that reads:
28) 3) text: Sure enough, the town emerges in front of them again, completing the 4 dimensional circle. David looks confused
28) 5) dialog: Oh ... Right. He looks over at her and smiles. Margaret turns on the ra EXT. CAR. DUSK. SAM COOKE sings for them as David turns from Main Street a smaller unmarked lane. The car starts to rise up a smal hill, with Dogwood trees blooming on either side of the r It continues to climb up the narrow gravel lane toward th crest in the hill. David looks over at Margaret who takes deep breath shutting her eyes. He glances down at the sea between them ... HIS POV. CAR SEAT.
28) 7) dialog: Wow. THEIR POV. LOVERS LANE. There, sitting in front of them, is a whole world gone Technicolor: THE LAKE IS BLUER THAN BLUE. THE WEEPING WIL IS GREENER THAN GREEN. THE DOGWOOD PETALS (all "turned" n
28) 11) text: "Cupid, draw back your bow ..." SHOT. CAR. Slowly, David rolls the convertible forward. Many of the have left their cars and sit down along the grassy bank b the edge of the water. A few of them have books open. It almost looks "Athenian." INT. CAR. David looks at the whole scene for a moment then suddenly cocks his head to the side.
28) 12) dialog: What's that smell? Margaret looks at him and smiles. She leans well out of t convertible, and plucks a Gardenia from a bush that is blooming beside the car.
30) 0) text: David and Margaret sit on the edge of the grass, looking across the water. Even in the moonlight, the COLORS are vivid. David still clutches the gardenia in his hand, tak a long hit like an Opium addict.
30) 1) dialog: (inhaling)
30) 4) dialog: Yeah ... I guess. (beat)
30) 8) dialog: What?
30) 10) text: Out there. She clings onto the words like they could transport her b themselves. David thinks for a moment.
30) 11) dialog: Oh. don't know ... It's different. She leans forward.
30) 13) dialog: Well it's louder ... And scarier I guess ... And ... and a lot more dangerous ...
30) 16) dialog: Yeah.
30) 18) dialog: Well it's big. And it's blue ... (as if realizing it for the first time)
30) 21) text: Boy. It's hot up here. Suddenly and without warning Margaret unbuttons her cardi sweater. She slips it off, arching her back like the figurehead of a ship and David just stares at her breasts She wears a light cotton blouse and even in the moonlight forms a translucent silhouette ... She lays the sweater across the grass and leans back on it.
30) 23) dialog: Hunh? She unfolds a handkerchief revealing a handful of berries REDS AND BLUES AND PURPLES.
30) 26) dialog: (looking at them)
33) 0) text: David and Margaret are locked in a deep passionate kiss. first they don't separate when they hear the BOOMING CLAP THUNDER. It is only when they hear the SECOND ONE and the RAIN starts to fall, that Margaret pulls back and looks u the sky.
33) 3) dialog: Rain.
33) 5) dialog: Yeah ... You don't have rain either? She looks at him frightened. David smiles.
33) 6) dialog: Right. Of course you don't ... He puts his jacket around her and starts to lead her up t grassy slope. A dozen other couples go scurrying up the b looking in terror at the water falling from the sky.
33) 8) dialog: (reaching the car)
33) 9) text: We'll just put up the top. He goes fishing around the boot of the car, looking for t catch to release it. David leans into the back seat fishi around as the rain starts to pound harder.
33) 11) dialog: It's fine. Come on. He leads her back to a thicket of bushes where several of kids are clustered together. They look at one another, terrified, as they huddle for shelter beneath the ledge o overhanging rock.
33) 12) dialog: It's alright. There's nothing to be afraid of. They look a little reassured and Margaret looks up at him positively adoringly. She clings to his shoulder as the s howls a few feet away ...
35) 43) text: Or like sprinklers in the summer ... Betty smiles. They both listen for a moment and the fear seems to fade a little. The RAIN POUNDS harder on the roo Betty nestles down in the booth, a little closer to Mr. Johnson. They just sit there listening for a moment or tw Betty starts to smile ... EXT. LOVER'S LANE. David huddles with Margaret under the rocky ledge as she nestles against him with her head on his shoulder. INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM. She lies on her bed, still reading the book, the spitting image of Mary Sue. Her hair is up in a bun now. The glass have slipped down her nose. There is another fork of lightning and the LOUDEST THUNDER CLAP of all. Jennifer smiles slightly and pulls Mary Sue's afghan over her shoulders as she fluffs the pillow and turns the page.
35) 47) text: Oh my Gosh ... EXT. LOVER'S LANE. Birds are chirping. David and Margaret also lie asleep in each other's arms, beneath the shelter of the rocky overh Margaret lifts up and sees the rainbow. She has turned to color as well ...
36) 0) text: David comes gliding up Maple Street in the sunshine with huge smile on his face. He has that special grin and fara look that a boy only knows once in his life. Perplexingly is still in black and white. Bud turns on Elm Street and starts heading for his house when he glances up and sudde freezes. HIS POV. TREE TRUNK. There, tacked to the bark, is a hastily scrawled public notice:
37) 0) text: David and Margaret stand beneath the big Elm tree outside Margaret's house: a statue of two young lovers. They wrap their arms around each other in a classic silhouette. The meeting across town seems a million miles away. After a moment or two, David reaches behind the tree and pulls ou beautifully wrapped gift. It is three feet long with a br RED bow.
37) 1) dialog: (softly)
37) 4) dialog: It was a prop for the school play ... She looks down and giggles.
37) 6) dialog: Sure ... Margaret gives him a quick kiss then opens the umbrella. puts it back on her shoulder and turns a series of pirouettes--like her own kind of rain dance. Margaret poi her face up to the sky as if she is being showered by a summer storm. All at once a pair of HEADLIGHTS round the corner. WIDER. David grabs the umbrella and closes it quickly. Margaret looks to the street as the convertible slows to a crawl a two TEENAGE BOYS pull up beside them. They are clean cut BLACK AND WHITE faces ...
37) 8) dialog: (clipped)
37) 15) dialog: (curt)
37) 20) dialog: Why don't you guys just get the hell out of here.
37) 24) dialog: It's fine ... It doesn't mean anything. She nods, groping for reassurance ...
40) 5) dialog: (scared)
40) 10) text: What the hell do you think you're doing! David glances around, not sure where to look.
40) 11) dialog: (terrified)
40) 15) dialog: Look--it just sort of "happened" ...
40) 18) dialog: I had nothing to do with that.
40) 20) dialog: Look ...
40) 22) dialog: (beat/ quietly)
40) 27) dialog: (finding courage)
40) 35) text: David just stares at the repeated images of Dick Van Dyke the TV screens.
40) 38) dialog: Why?
40) 40) dialog: No you're not.
40) 43) dialog: (gathering strength)
40) 49) dialog: (terrified)
40) 53) dialog: (as scared as she is)
40) 55) dialog: 
40) 58) dialog: Get out of here! They back away further and David takes a threatening step The boys turn and run as he turns back to face his "mothe
40) 59) text: David moves up to her gently.
40) 60) dialog: Are you alright? She nods, still clutching her purse to her chest. David reaches out and touches her cheek when suddenly her eyes wide.
40) 61) dialog: (off her look)
40) 62) text: What? CLOSER. STILL OVER DAVID'S SHOULDER. Betty reaches into her purse and pulls out her compact. S opens it, and holds it up to David, showing him the refle image of his own face. AT LAST HE HAS TURNED TO COLOR. REVERSE ANGLE. DAVID. He holds the mirror staring at his own reflection. The courage which transformed him only seems to grow. They lo at each other, both in color now, when David puts a gentl arm around her shoulder.
40) 63) dialog: (quietly)
40) 66) text: A larger crowd of hooligans has now gathered around the n painting of Betty in the window. The jeers and cat calls even louder. The "closed" sign still sits in the doorway. After a beat or two, a HUGE BRICK SHATTERS THE GLASS ... WIDER. A big CHEER goes up from the crowd. Drunk on adrenalin, t fever builds and ANOTHER BRICK SMASHES THE WINDOW. In an instant, Mr. Johnson's "canvas" is totally destroyed. The CHEERING grows louder ... Almost by osmosis, the crowd rushes the building together The door is kicked in and they stream into the place. Soo all that can be heard is the weird SOUND OF LAUGHTER AND BROKEN GLASS. INT. SODA SHOP. It is an orgy of destruction. Stools are hurled--tables ripped out. The cash register is turned over. Two boys ki in the front of the juke box ... EXT. MAIN ST. DAY. David and Betty round the corner to find the Soda Shop be destroyed. They stand at the far side of the intersection watching the carnage as the crowd continues to run amok. After a moment or two, there are some more HOOTS as MARGA comes running toward them with the front of her blouse ri open.
40) 67) dialog: Oh my God. He takes her in his arms and Margaret starts to sob. Davi strokes her hair.
40) 68) dialog: Are you alright? Are you okay? She nods. Margaret catches her breath for a moment or two then glances down to her side ... WIDER. She is clutching the umbrella in her left hand. The thing been ripped to shreds. The spines are broken and the fabr is torn. Margaret stares at the thing with a combination confusion and shame. David goes white with rage and looks toward the mob.
41) 0) text: They all ride in George's convertible up the twisting tur road. It has turned completely PINK with the dogwood peta David winds up the trail, in the fading light, looking fo refuge. He clutches the wheel tight.
41) 1) dialog: We should be okay up here. DIFFERENT ANGLE. THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD. The car twists and turns up the narrow dirt road. After a moment, Lover's Lane reveals itself. It is lush and green like before only this time, there is one major difference phalanx of BLACK AND WHITE THUGS have created a roadblock the foreground. WIDER. David jams on his breaks when he sees the barrier. It is weird incongruous image: the black and white roadblock in front with the vibrant colors of the pond and willow behi like some perfect dream you can never get to. The thugs h turned their cars sideways and dragged several huge logs across the road. They hold axe-handles in their hands.
41) 2) dialog: (a whisper)
41) 3) text: We better go. EXT. MAIN STREET. NIGHT. Darkness has fallen and the streetlamps have come on. Som debris is scattered around the street and distant sounds the mob still fill the air. David rolls back into town wi the headlights off. CLOSER. CAR.
41) 5) dialog: I'm not sure. They head down Main St. and turn the comer on Walnut. All once, a weird ORANGE LIGHT bathes the car ... REVERSE ANGLE. THEIR POV. A BONFIRE has been lit in the middle of the street betwee library and the barber shop. Twenty to thirty people are gathered around it still whooping and hollering as the br ORANGE FLAMES shoot into the air. ANGLE. CAR. David pulls over by the curb, and their eyes go wide ... REVERSE ANGLE. From closer up, it becomes clear what they're burning. Hu piles of library books have been dumped onto the sidewalk waiting their turn on the pyre. There is a strange celebr atmosphere as they chuck book after book on the flames, w the glee of a teenager tossing a firecracker. David sees something and bolts from the car ...
41) 6) dialog: Oh my God. ANGLE. SIDE OF THE BONFIRE. Jennifer is locked in some strange wrestling match with B He clutches a book over her head while she tugs at his wr trying to stop him from throwing it on the fire ...
41) 10) text: ... I've read like one book in my whole life and I'll be damned if I let you throw it on that fire ... Jennifer wrestles with him for a couple of seconds and th suddenly kicks Biff in the groin. He doubles over in agon when Jennifer snatches the book and bolts in the other direction. DIFFERENT ANGLE. STREET. She sprints up the street and is just passing the barber when a hand reaches out and grabs her. Jennifer starts to scream but David puts a hand to her mouth.
41) 11) dialog: (a whisper)
41) 14) text: The crowd has moved on and all that is left is the dark wreckage of the soda shop. Several stools lie out in the street and shards of brightly painted glass are scattered around the sidewalk. It is eerily quiet. WIDER. David, Betty and Margaret sit silently in the car, across street with the lights off. He unlatches the door handle gets out slowly. The rest of them follow him into the emp street as they move silently toward the soda shop, like s platoon on patrol. REVERSE ANGLE. As they get closer, more of the wreckage comes into view. a booth ... a soda spigot ... After a moment or two Jenni looks up and gasps. CLOSER. Several teenagers step out of the shadows. They have scra faces and ripped clothing--the signs. Most are dazed and OF THEM ARE IN COLOR. After a second or two, more appear: Mary Jane ... Lisa Anne ... The boy who was reading Huck Finn... ANGLE. DAVID. The kids turn to him as if he has some kind of answer. Of course he doesn't. The sounds of the Mob still carry thro the air from somewhere off in the distance.
41) 15) dialog: Let's go inside. INT. SODA SHOP. The place is just sad. All the remnants of what they had strewn around the floor, The jukebox is turned over. The stools are ripped out of the floor. Betty looks over at t corner where he painted her ... The easel is smashed to b ANGLE. BETTY. She brings a knuckle to her lip and David puts an arm aro her and draws her close. After a moment or two they HEAR weird SCRAPING sound.
41) 16) dialog: Hello? The SCRAPING SOUND stops. They all look to the open door after a second or two, Mr. Johnson appears holding a broo dustpan.
41) 19) dialog: Well he's right. Come on. Let's turn these booths back up. "Mary Sue", why don't you help me slide this in front of the door. We'll be okay in here. They respond to the tone of leadership. One by one the ki start to pitch in, sifting their way through the wreckage Jennifer and David slide a barricade in front of the door the kids try to put their shop back together.
42) 9) dialog: (reading from THE CODE)
42) 11) dialog: "FOUR: The only permissible recorded music shall be the following: Pat Boone, Johnny Mathis, Perry Como, Jack Jones, The marches of John Phillips Souza or the Star Spangled Banner. In no event shall any music be tolerated that is not of a temperate or "pleasant" nature."
42) 13) text: "Oh my gosh ... No ..." David holds up his hand.
42) 14) dialog: "FIVE: There shall be no public sale of umbrellas or preparation for inclement weather of any kind." Various glances dart back and forth between them. David continues.
42) 15) dialog: "SIX: No bedframe or mattress may be sold measuring more than 38 inches wide." (pause)
42) 16) text: "SEVEN: The only permissible exterior paint colors shall be BLACK, WHITE or GRAY, despite the recent availability of certain alternatives." David looks over at Mr. Johnson who just winces slightly. Betty clutches his hand.
42) 17) dialog: "EIGHT: All elementary and high school curriculums shall teach the "non-changist" view of history-- emphasizing "continuity" over "alteration." (David pauses)
42) 18) text: Wow. David lowers the paper. DIFFERENT ANGLE. It is SILENT in the soda shop. Everyone sits motionless f moment or two, letting the decree sink in. David just sta down at the piece of paper in his hand with a weird kind sadness. Off in the corner, however, one of the boys has been fidd with the jukebox and hasn't paid any attention to what wa being read. All of a sudden, his voice rings from the cor
42) 24) text: You're not allowed to do that now! He flinches and pulls the plug from the wall. The jukebox winds down with a groan as the electricity drains out of David looks at the kids then suddenly speaks in a calm cl tone.
42) 25) dialog: Sure you are. He walks across the soda shop and plugs it back in. The k watch spellbound at this personal display of defiance. WIDER SHOT. SODA SHOP. Buddy Holly's voice fills the Soda Shop but it has a sudd different meaning. All the kids listen spellbound, as if an anthem, while the Rock and Roll lives up to its rebell reputation.
42) 27) dialog: (whisper)
42) 28) text: Stick together till you get off Main Street. They nod and head off down the block. David just watches silently from the wreckage of the soda shop ...
43) 0) text: The Fire Department is cleaning up the charred remains of bonfire ... INT. SODA SHOP. LATER ... Betty is asleep in one of the booths. Jennifer sleeps bes her on the floor. David and Margaret sleep next to them i another booth with Margaret curled up against his chest. David opens his eyes. REVERSE ANGLE. HIS POV. Mr. Johnson is standing in the middle of the shop, starin the large piece of plywood where his window used to be. H just gazes at the thing as if he could look through it. There's a faraway look in his eye. SHOT. DAVID. He rises carefully from the booth, without waking Margare David crosses over to Mr. Johnson and speaks in a whisper
43) 1) dialog: It's okay. We'll get you a new one.
43) 3) text: I don't know what I'd do if I couldn't paint anymore Bud. I just don't know what I'd do ... CLOSE UP. DAVID. He just nods. David glances down at the table next to him picks up one of the brightly painted shards of glass and looks at it. It's orange and pink and yellow. David think for a second.
43) 4) dialog: Maybe I have an idea.
44) 0) text: A huge crowd has gathered. There is a loud buzz in the ai David and Mr. Johnson stand side by side in front of thei work like they're presenting and guarding it at the same time. REVERSE ANGLE. CROWD. Most of the faces are black and white. A few near the bac are in color. Big Bob moves through the back of the crowd hurriedly buttoning his shirt. The buzz grows and the peo part as he heads toward the front of the pack ... ANGLE. FRONT OF CROWD. When Bob emerges from the crowd, Mr. Johnson flinches slightly. David just looks him in the eye and tries to fi as much courage as he can. "Big" Bob looks up at the colo rendering of his town with absolute horror. His eye scans green trees, the bright yellow gas station, the puffy pin clouds on the horizon.
44) 3) dialog: (quietly but clearly)
44) 6) dialog: (thinks)
44) 10) dialog: Because anybody should be able to paint in whatever color they want. ANGLE. BACK OF CROWD. Betty stands beside Margaret and Jennifer watching the spectacle. There are tears in her eyes and a great deal o love. Jennifer smiles with pride at her brother ... SHOT. BOB.
44) 12) dialog: Still doesn't make it right. There is some clapping from the back of the crowd. Bob's widen. His face goes flushed (darker gray). A vein bulges his neck. He turns to the police chief.
44) 21) dialog: (suddenly stronger)
44) 22) text: C'mere, Dan. I'll help you. David walks toward the police chief and sticks his hands A louder murmur moves through the crowd as David actually helps him fasten on the cuffs. Mr. Johnson comes over to them and the murmur starts to grow ...
44) 26) dialog: I thought it might be you. REVERSE ANGLE. DICK VAN DYKE. He stands in the doorway, still dressed in his TV repairm outfit. FOR THE FIRST TIME, HE IS COMPLETELY IN BLACK AND WHITE.
44) 28) dialog: I am actually ... Glad to see you've finally shown your true colors. Dick Van Dyke gives a tight smile and shuts the door of t cell behind him.
44) 30) dialog: Why?
44) 32) dialog: (smiles)
44) 35) text: It's kind of like a restricted ticket. You gotta leave the same way you came. David just looks at him. He smiles, confidently. Leans ba on the bunk ...
44) 36) dialog: So ... I guess as long as I'm here, all sorts of things could happen to this place. We could have pink lawns and blue trees ...
44) 38) dialog: I'm sorry. I can't do that. Dick Van Dyke takes a deep breath. He glances toward the barred window.
44) 40) dialog: They weren't my memories. (beat)
44) 44) dialog: (warily)
44) 47) text: An hour and a half. David looks at him uneasily. Dick Van Dyke flashes a broa nasty smile.
44) 51) dialog: I'm going on trial tomorrow?
44) 53) dialog: (stoicly)
44) 56) text: Sleep well. He taps on the bars for Dan who opens the lock and lets h out. The door CLANGS shut as the two of them disappear do the hall. The minute they are gone, the stoicism falls. D looks around his cell, truly afraid. CLOSER. He stares at the tiny cot ... The plain light bulb in the ceiling ... The single pillow with the plastic covering i ... Forever is starting to look like a long time. David crosses to the small window and looks out. HIS POV. OUT THE WINDOW. Across the town square he can see the side of the Town Ha complete with the newly painted mural. The "Utopian" view Pleasantville is just as he left it with one notable exception: The edges of painting are starting to turn bac BLACK AND WHITE.
45) 0) text: It is bathed in sunlight. Dozens of people stream through front door for the first trial in Pleasantville's history There is a weird carnival atmosphere in the air. INT. TOWN HALL. DAY. The place has been transformed from the Chamber of Commer meeting hall to a small town courtroom, complete with pew and ceiling fans. The only carry over from its previous configuration is the huge CHAMBER OF COMMERCE banner drap across the back wall. ANGLE. BENCH. At the center of the courtroom where the podium used to b a large, elevated judge's bench with a Rotary insignia on front. Big Bob sits six or seven feet above the proceedin finally living up to his name. The whole thing is a stran combination of Franz Kafka and "Inherit the Wind." Big Bo bangs the gavel ... CLOSER. The undertone begins to quiet down. All of the faces in t pews are Black and White. There is a "colored" section in back for standing room only. ANGLE. JURORS BOX. George is seated in the front row of the jury, despite hi relationship to one of the defendants. He is dressed impeccably with his Rotary Pin still gleaming on his lape After a moment or two he sneaks a glance toward the back the room ... ANGLE. BETTY. She stands in the back with the rest of the "colored" fac Betty cranes her head to catch a glimpse of David or Mr. Johnson. All at once, a hush goes through the crowd. ANGLE. DOORWAY. It swings open and David and Mr. Johnson are led in weari handcuffs. Dan, the Police Chief (now ballif), shows them a table in the center of the room directly facing Big Bob There is no lawyer present. There is also no prosecutor. ANGLE. DAVID. He glances around a little confused. (Weird courtroom.) B Bob bangs the gavel.
45) 3) dialog: Um ... Yes I do. Where's our lawyer?
45) 6) dialog: Well--it was dark out ...
45) 8) dialog: It was accessible to everyone.
45) 12) dialog: I think I've got something to say.
45) 14) dialog: I think I know why you're doing this. I mean, I understand why you're doing this. I used to feel the same way. I used to want this place to stay just the way it was. I never wanted it to change ... There is a loud MURMUR. Big Bob bangs the gavel.
45) 15) dialog: (he smiles slightly)
45) 16) text: But nothing stays the same. You get things, and you lose things, and that's the good part and the bad part--but you can't have a good part without a bad part. He turns and sees his mother in the balcony. They lock ey for a moment. David smiles slightly and continues.
45) 17) dialog: It's like the basketball team.
45) 20) dialog: Sure. Everybody's upset because they're not winning anymore--but just think how it would feel if all of a sudden they do win. There's a murmur in the gallery.
45) 21) dialog: Wouldn't it feel better than when they used to win all the time? There is a LOUDER MURMUR. Big Bob looks concerned.
45) 22) dialog: See, I know you want it to stay "Pleasant" but there are so many things that are so much better: like Silly ... or Sexy ... or Dangerous ... or Wild ... or Brief ... (beat)
45) 26) dialog: I thought I was allowed to defend myself.
45) 28) dialog: I'm not lying ... Here I'll show you. He turns suddenly toward the jury box.
45) 29) dialog: Mr. Simpson ...
45) 31) dialog: What color is that hedge of yours?
45) 33) dialog: No, not that hedge. The other one.
45) 35) dialog: The one in your mind. The one that you see on a bright cold morning. The one that you see when you walk in front of your house and you just stand there and stare. Mr. Simpson suddenly looks far away. He gets a kind of dr look in his eye.
45) 36) dialog: What color is that hedge? CLOSE UP. MR. SIMPSON.
45) 41) dialog: Alright. Dad ... DIFFERENT ANGLE. There is a LOUDER MURMUR. Big Bob just looks at him froze while David confronts his "father." George straightens up
45) 44) dialog: (beat)
45) 46) dialog: I mean, of course you do, but it isn't just the cooking or the cleaning that you miss--it's something else, isn't it ... George swallows. The UNDERTONE in the room starts to grow he glances toward the back of the room.
45) 47) dialog: (softer whisper)
45) 52) dialog: (motioning toward the back)
45) 54) dialog: Don't you wish you could tell her that? He nods again and it all comes out. Betty smiles at him through her tears. Even Mr. Johnson smiles as well.
45) 57) dialog: Why am I out of order?
45) 61) dialog: Well I don't think it's a circus. And I don't think they do either. David motions behind him to the black and white section. There are now ten to fifteen "colored" faces.
45) 64) dialog: But see that's just the point. It can't stop at once. Because it's in you. And you can't stop something that's in you.
45) 67) dialog: Oh sure it is.
45) 69) dialog: (smug whisper)
45) 70) text: What do you want to do to me right now? Big Bob starts to tremble. He shakes with rage as David m closer.
45) 71) dialog: C'mon. Everyone's turning colors. Kids are making out in the street. No one's getting their dinner-- hell, you could have a flood any minute ... Pretty soon you could have the women going off to work while the men stayed home and cooked ...
45) 73) dialog: But it could happen.
47) 0) text: David and Jennifer stand together on the edge of town. Sh clutches a valise in her hand. He holds the remote contro
47) 1) dialog: Are you sure?
47) 3) dialog: This thing works. We could go home right now.
47) 6) dialog: (thinks ...)
47) 8) dialog: You got the admissions letter.
47) 10) dialog: And you're sure about this?
47) 12) dialog: I'll come back and check on you in a month. Jennifer nods and gives him a hug. She holds on tight for couple of seconds.
47) 15) dialog: No I won't. I swear. Margaret nods. She looks at him for a moment then wraps h arms around his neck. They meet in a long, rich, wet, sof kiss. The umbrella falls to the ground ...
47) 17) text: I like calling you David.
47) 18) dialog: I like it too. INT. PARKER LIVING ROOM. David stands in front of the television with Mr. Johnson his side. He holds the remote control in his hand. Mr. Johnson seems pretty amazed at the whole idea.
47) 20) dialog: You're gonna keep painting aren't you? Mr. Johnson nods.
47) 21) dialog: Well ... He nods again and thinks about it. They smile at each oth one last time.
47) 24) text: I've got something for you. He pulls out a folded piece of paper. Mr. Johnson extends to David who unfolds it and instantly smiles. INSERT. PAPER. It is a small painted replica of their mural in the same vibrant colors. Everything is scaled perfectly, exactly l the one on the wall. SHOT. DAVID.
47) 25) dialog: It's beautiful.
47) 29) dialog: Thanks. I thought you weren't gonna ...
47) 31) text: I had to say goodbye. She looks up at David and their eyes lock. Betty hands hi the bag.
47) 33) dialog: I won't.
47) 36) dialog: (nodding)
47) 39) dialog: Thanks ... I love you.
47) 42) dialog: You better stand back a little. Betty and Mr. Johnson cross toward the comer of the room. David points the remote at the TV ...
48) 0) text: All the ersatz Spanish houses stretch out toward infinity WESTEC security patrol cruises by them at a crawl. A seco or two later, all the sprinklers turn on in uniform synchronization. INT. DAVID'S LIVING ROOM. He stands in the middle of the living room looking at his new/old surroundings. Everything is the same as it was. T black onyx coffee table. The clean burbur rug. The big sc TV in its sleek black cabinet. David looks at it and smil The place is inadvertantly in black and white. CLOSER. He reaches forward and turns on the TV (by hand) flipping around the dial. Jerry Springer is berating a prostitute Tony Robbins hawks self-improvement in an infomercial ... Court TV is doing an O.J. recap. David unfolds Mr. Johnso sketch and glances down at it. He smiles to himself. A different kind of nostalgia ...