1) 13) dialog: Oh, swell. You know, Mr. Connel said that if things keep going the way they are, I might be seeing that promotion sooner than I thought.
1) 17) dialog: (on T.V.)
1) 24) dialog: Oh Pumpkin! You sure know the way to this man's heart. There is a loud and inappropriate LAUGH TRACK. David smil wider and is just about to reach for more corn chips, whe his real MOTHER'S VOICE rings out from the other room.
1) 30) dialog: (on T.V.)
3) 159) text: George Parker (Bud and Mary Sue's father) enters from the landing whistling a happy tune. He's dressed in a gray su with a gray shirt, and a dark gray tie with little gray d
3) 160) dialog: (as if to his own children)
4) 41) dialog: (once again)
4) 46) dialog: Well, c'mon. Dig in. David and Jennifer stare at her stunned as she puts two heaping plates at their places. Neither one moves.
10) 2) dialog: Son, what's wrong?
10) 6) text: No, I ... I was just ... worried about her. His mother and father exchange a "knowing" look. George r a hand on his shoulder.
10) 7) dialog: (oppressively paternal)
10) 12) dialog: But your sister is a fine young woman and she would never do anything for us to be concerned about.
19) 49) dialog: Basketball? No they sure haven't.
23) 0) text: George crosses from the dresser to the TWO TWIN BEDS in t middle of the room. He wears long sleeve pajamas that are buttoned up to the neck. George puts his glass of warm mi on the nightstand and climbs in his own single bed. It is barely wide enough for his body and takes some maneuverin
23) 1) dialog: Sweetie? You coming to bed? There is no answer.
23) 2) dialog: Betty? INT. BATHROOM. She stands in her bathrobe staring down at the tub. Her dressing gown is buttoned to the neck as well.
25) 75) dialog: Want some bridge mix?
25) 77) dialog: Betty's making some pineapple kabobs ...
25) 82) dialog: "Changes."
25) 87) dialog: (concerned)
25) 90) dialog: One of those ... big beds? Bob nods.
25) 91) dialog: Oh my gosh. What's he gonna to do?
25) 94) dialog: ... How?
25) 96) dialog: Holy cow. Bob takes a belt of his drink ...
25) 98) dialog: Oh well ...
25) 100) dialog: (heartfelt)
25) 103) dialog: No. Of course not.
25) 106) dialog: (stunned/ moved)
25) 110) dialog: Oh sure ... You bet. (calling out)
25) 112) dialog: (louder this time)
25) 114) dialog: 
25) 117) text: George turns around to see David, standing on the landing listening to the entire conversation. Their eyes lock for moment ...
31) 0) text: George heads home with his briefcase in hand whistling a happy tune. He smiles at Mr. Simpson and swings the attac case as he turns and heads up his front walk. INT. FOYER. George opens the door and sets the briefcase by the stair like he always does. He hangs his hat on the hatrack, his coat on the coatrack, and beams as he hollers his nightly greeting:
31) 1) dialog: Honey--I'm home. There is no response. He looks a little perplexed but smi as he calls out again:
31) 2) dialog: Honey--I'm home ... There is more silence. George looks around a little confu when there is a BOOMING CLAP OF THUNDER ...
34) 2) dialog: (a little frightened/ a little petulant)
34) 4) dialog: (baffled)
34) 5) text: Where's my dinner? He sniffs a couple of times but there are no familiar coo smells. George flings open the door to the kitchen but th empty as well. KITCHEN. He crosses into the darkness ...
34) 6) dialog: Where's my dinner ... INT. FOYER. George comes reeling out of the kitchen into the foyer. H slams his shin on the coatrack but keeps on going ...
34) 7) dialog: (insistent)
34) 8) text: Where's my DINNER ... EXT. HOUSE. It's really blowing now. The rain is coming down in heavy sheets, being swirled and driven by the wind. The front d opens and George wanders out onto the front porch, still dressed in his shirtsleeves.
34) 9) dialog: Where's my DINNER! ON GEORGE. He stumbles down the front walk in a state of complete confusion. The rain pounds against his body and within seconds his shirt is soaked through to the skin.
34) 10) dialog: (over the storm)
35) 0) text: A tree limb crashes to the ground but he keeps stumbling through the torrent. George reels down Elm Street screami skyward in the distance.
35) 1) dialog: 
35) 5) dialog: (plaintively)
35) 6) text: Where's my dinner? He wraps his arms around himself and shivers on the sidew INT. BOWLING ALLEY. NIGHT. The regular occupants of the barber shop spread out acros three lanes. Each wears a Pleasantville bowling shirt, sponsored by one of Big Bob's businesses. The NOISE from the crashing pins is deafening and there aren't any windows so the storm has gone unnoticed ... ANGLE. BIG BOB. He picks up a 7-10 split and claps his hands in delight. starts to cross back to the scorer's table when he looks and suddenly stops. REVERSE ANGLE. HIS POV. George is standing in the doorway to the bowling alley co and shivering. His shirt is soaked through to the skin. H hair is drenched and dripping.
35) 10) dialog: (faintly)
35) 13) text: Real rain? George nods. Bob rushes to the glass door of the bowling alley and sees the driving storm. A huge fork of lightnin lights up the sky.
35) 16) text: Are you alright? George shivers and Bobs leads him over to one of the benc and guides him into the seat ...
35) 18) dialog: (still shivering)
35) 19) text: Well, I ... I came home like I always do, And I came in the front door. And I took off my coat. And I put down my briefcase and I said "Honey. I'm home." ANGLE. MEN. They all nod in recognition. ANGLE. GEORGE.
35) 20) dialog: ... Only no one was there. A MURMUR goes through the men.
35) 21) dialog: So I went into the kitchen and I yelled it again. "Honey--I'm home." But there was no one there either. No wife. No lights. No dinner. They all GASP.
35) 22) dialog: So I went to the oven--you know-- because I thought maybe she had made me one of those "TV dinners ..." The men nod and lean forward. George shakes his head.
35) 23) dialog: But she hadn't. She was gone. A LOUDER MURMUR moves through the crowd. George lowers hi head and just shakes it from side to side. Big Bob moves and puts a hand on his shoulder.
35) 25) text: ... It's gonna be fine George. George looks up at him helplessly. Bob pats him reassurin on the back.
36) 4) text: He looks up at it for a moment. INT. PARKER KITCHEN. DUSK. George and Betty stand face to face in their suburban kitchen. He is black and white. She is in full color.
36) 6) dialog: All night?
36) 8) dialog: (the ultimate defense)
36) 10) dialog: (sudden smile)
36) 13) dialog: (bigger smile)
36) 17) dialog: It's fine. You'll put on some make up and ...
36) 19) dialog: (protesting)
36) 23) dialog: (the '50s patriarch)
36) 29) text: ... There's a meatloaf in the fridge. You just put it in the oven and turn this little knob up to three-fifty. If you put the pie in forty minutes later, it'll be hot in time for dessert. George's eyes widen.
36) 32) dialog: Where are you gonna go?
36) 34) dialog: Betty, don't go out there like that! They'll see you! (beat)
36) 36) dialog: Betty, come back here! EXT. TOWN HALL. NIGHT. Dozens of black and white citizens stream in through the front door. SHOT. OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE STREET. Several "transformed" teenagers stare at the spectacle wi their FLESH COLORED SKIN AND BRIGHT BLUE EYES. They seem hang back in the shadows. INT. TOWN HALL. Big Bob stands at the podium beneath a permanent banner t reads "PLEASANTVILLE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE." As the only legally constituted body in Pleasantville, it is a natura place for a town meeting. There is nothing bright and che however. The floor lamps in each comer cast huge, looming shadows up the walls. The light at the podium bathes Big Bob's face in a blinding splash of light. The whole thing evokes some weird twisted image from German Expressionism like they are about to go look for Frankenstein. It is gr than gray. CLOSER. PODIUM. Big Bob stands at a lectern with a Rotary insignia on the front. He speaks calmly but compellingly to a hundred men women who hang on his every word. Bob holds a BRIGHT YELL GRAPEFRUIT.
41) 0) text: They all ride in George's convertible up the twisting tur road. It has turned completely PINK with the dogwood peta David winds up the trail, in the fading light, looking fo refuge. He clutches the wheel tight.
45) 0) text: It is bathed in sunlight. Dozens of people stream through front door for the first trial in Pleasantville's history There is a weird carnival atmosphere in the air. INT. TOWN HALL. DAY. The place has been transformed from the Chamber of Commer meeting hall to a small town courtroom, complete with pew and ceiling fans. The only carry over from its previous configuration is the huge CHAMBER OF COMMERCE banner drap across the back wall. ANGLE. BENCH. At the center of the courtroom where the podium used to b a large, elevated judge's bench with a Rotary insignia on front. Big Bob sits six or seven feet above the proceedin finally living up to his name. The whole thing is a stran combination of Franz Kafka and "Inherit the Wind." Big Bo bangs the gavel ... CLOSER. The undertone begins to quiet down. All of the faces in t pews are Black and White. There is a "colored" section in back for standing room only. ANGLE. JURORS BOX. George is seated in the front row of the jury, despite hi relationship to one of the defendants. He is dressed impeccably with his Rotary Pin still gleaming on his lape After a moment or two he sneaks a glance toward the back the room ... ANGLE. BETTY. She stands in the back with the rest of the "colored" fac Betty cranes her head to catch a glimpse of David or Mr. Johnson. All at once, a hush goes through the crowd. ANGLE. DOORWAY. It swings open and David and Mr. Johnson are led in weari handcuffs. Dan, the Police Chief (now ballif), shows them a table in the center of the room directly facing Big Bob There is no lawyer present. There is also no prosecutor. ANGLE. DAVID. He glances around a little confused. (Weird courtroom.) B Bob bangs the gavel.
45) 42) dialog: (solemn)
45) 45) text: Don't you miss her? CLOSE UP. GEORGE. He looks at him stunned. Big Bob bangs the gavel but nobo listens. George just stares at him like he got shot.
45) 53) text: Now don't you think she looks just as pretty in color? Don't you think she looks just as pretty as she did the day you met her? Slowly, almost imperceptibly George nods. A single tear r down his cheek. As it traces the side of his face it leav long trail of COLOR behind it.