3) 16) dialog: Only on my parent's side.
3) 21) dialog: (cooly)
3) 22) text: Hi Mark. DIFFERENT ANGLE. He pauses then looks over at her. Jennifer slides sinuous off the fender of the car, flicking her hair like a young racehorse. She has a perfect 16 year old body and the who parking lot knows it. Mark heads over to her, followed by lackies. The two groups meet at the tail-gate of the Niss Pathfinder like a small summit conference.
3) 25) dialog: (right back)
3) 32) dialog: Yeah ... Saw you too. Everyone nods for a moment or two. No one says anything.
3) 33) dialog: So you watching Pearl Jam on MTV tonight?
3) 35) text: Jennifer pauses, weighing the next statement.
3) 36) dialog: My mom'll be out of town. Kimmy and Christin positively GASP while Mark's Lackeys mumble and glance around. The import of the thing isn't l on anybody. Mark bobs up and down a little faster.
3) 38) dialog: (smiling)
3) 45) dialog: ... I know, I know--He's just like so FINE ... I'm still like: "Omigod." INT. WAGNER HOME. lt is just as sleek and impersonal as before. Maybe more at night. Jennifer crosses through the living room with t cordless phone attached to her ear.
3) 46) dialog: It was amazing, Daph ... I'm like: "Well my Mom'll be out of town." And he's like "Well then, maybe we could-- you know ..." And I'm like "Yeah, sure." And he's like "Well, cool." (beat)
3) 57) dialog: (stunned)
3) 60) dialog: David, cut it out. Mark Davis is gonna like be here in five minutes.
3) 62) dialog: Pleasantville Marathon?
3) 65) dialog: (getting hysterical)
3) 68) dialog: Upstairs! Up-staiiirs! There isn't any
3) 73) dialog: David, stop stressing, you can like-- turn it on normally ...
3) 75) dialog: Oh my God! He's here! Jennifer sweeps some of the pieces frantically under the and tries to adjust her outfit on the way to the door. Da just stares in shock at the shattered plastic. Jennifer reaches the front door and wets her lips. She fluffs her quickly, sticks out her chest then swings it open. DIFFERENT ANGLE. FRONT DOOR. Jennifer steps forward with her sexiest smile, but it isn Mark Davis on the other side. DICK VAN DYKE STANDS ACROSS THRESHOLD IN A TV REPAIRMAN'S OUTFIT. Jennifer looks at h puzzled. He steps forward, flashing her a chipper grin, toolbox in hand.
3) 77) dialog: (beat)
3) 80) dialog: (pause ...)
3) 88) text: We'll get you fixed up in no time. He pops the top of the tool box while Jennifer and David stare. It's a strange looking box with the same happy fam painted on the side. Dick Van Dyke pulls out another remo
3) 93) dialog: You think you could do this like soon? It's almost six thirty.
3) 99) dialog: That's not the reason. I've got a date at six thirty.
3) 109) dialog: Um--hello? I've got like a social emergency here.
3) 123) dialog: (quickly)
3) 124) text: We'll take it. CLOSER. He flashes them a big smile and holds out a weird looking contraption that seems more primitive than space age. It' strange combination of an early transistor radio and Flas Gordon ray gun. Dick Van Dyke extends it with pride, whil Jennifer and David stare at him warily ...
3) 128) dialog: Free?
3) 131) text: It's almost time for your date. He places the remote control gingerly on the coffee table smiles at them. Dick starts across the living room when h suddenly catches his foot on the leg of the ottoman and tumbles end over end. He rolls on the carpet, executes a perfect somersault and comes right back to a standing position. David and Jennifer stare at him stunned when he looks back at them and smiles.
3) 133) text: Take care now. There is another flash of lightning as he reaches for the doorknob. David and Jennifer look at one another while th front door shuts with a THUD. It's quiet for a second or before there is another CLAP OF THUNDER. David cocks his head. DIFFERENT ANGLE. David glances down at the strange contraption sitting on coffee table. It looks a little scary. Slowly, very slowy reaches down and touches it. Nothing seems to happen so h picks it up. CLOSER. David points the remote toward the TV set with an apprehensive look on his face. He winces a little, then pushes one of the buttons. DIFFERENT ANGLE. The TV set turns on. Oprah's face fills the screen as an angry housewife screams at a transvestite!
3) 136) text: Great. He continues to press the button, flipping through the channels. Jennifer sees that everything is fine and reach for the remote.
3) 137) dialog: Lemme see that.
3) 143) text: Bud and Mary Sue clutch either end of a small transistor radio. They seem to be in the EXACT SAME POSITION as Davi and Jennifer, who are struggling over the remote control. ANGLE. DAVID AND JENNIFER. She tugs the remote while David yanks in the other direct
3) 144) dialog: Do you mind. This is like the most important moment of my whole life.
3) 150) dialog: (yanking at it)
3) 154) dialog: YOU get lost! WIDER. LIVING ROOM. She tugs at the remote trying to wrestle it out of his ha David pulls in the opposite direction as they POINT IT DIRECTLY TOWARD THE TV. DIFFERENT ANGLE. SPECIAL EFFECT. A huge white light emanates from the contraption, like th own atomic blast wave. The entire room is filled with a BLINDING AURA for a second or two, before it actually get sucked into the TV. WIDE ANGLE. LIVING ROOM. It is suddenly empty--illuminated only by the soft glow o the picture tube. David and Jennifer are nowhere in sight INT. PARKER LIVING ROOM. (PLEASANTVILLE) DAY. David and Jennifer are standing in the middle of the 1950 living room, dressed in Bud and Mary Sue's clothing. They still clutch the remote control in the exact same positio that was occupied by their fictional counterparts. David Jennifer glance at one another, then look horrified aroun the room. THE WORLD HAS TURNED TO BLACK AND WHITE...
3) 157) dialog: What happened?
3) 162) dialog: (desperately)
3) 165) dialog: (examining her black and white skin)
3) 170) dialog: What happened?
3) 181) dialog: (panicking)
4) 0) text: Jennifer flings herself at the screen, as Dick Van Dyke appears all over again.
4) 1) dialog: Noooooo!
4) 8) dialog: (wailing on the floor)
4) 31) dialog: What's going to happen?
4) 39) dialog: (dazed)
4) 40) text: Thanks. INT. KITCHEN. David and Jennifer walk two steps into the kitchen when t suddenly freeze--agape at the spectacle in front of them: THEIR POV. PARKER KITCHEN. Every breakfast food imaginable has been laid upon the ta There are hotcakes and sausages and biscuits and eggs. Pitchers of orange juice are dwarfed by the mountains of The table literally sags under the weight of the food. Ge Parker lowers his morning paper and smiles at his childre
4) 42) text: Morning kids. Better get a move on or you're going to be late for school. They nod, stunned, and wander forward into the room. Brig sunlight streams through the kitchen window as a gentle symphony of songbirds sings outside. David and Jennifer s straight ahead as their "mother" adds some waffles to the heap.
4) 45) dialog: Neither do I.
4) 49) dialog: Actually--I'm not real ... hungry.
4) 51) text: Oh nonsense young lady. You're going to start your day with a nice big breakfast. She takes Jennifer by the shoulders and "guides" her into chair. Jennifer looks down at a huge plate of GRAY WAFFLE
4) 62) text: "... A wap bop a loo bop--a wap barn boom." Pruned hedges. Twin beds. BIG houses. The CAMERA CRANES D in the middle of a beautiful tree lined street to find Da and Jennifer walking up the sidewalk, holding their stoma
4) 63) dialog: I'm gonna hurl, David. I swear to God.
4) 65) dialog: All that animal fat. I feel it in my pores or something. Jennifer clutches her stomach, but David's glance darts f side to side--totally absorbed.
4) 66) dialog: I still don't see why we're doing this.
4) 68) dialog: We're supposed to be at home David! We're supposed to be in color! (wailing)
4) 74) dialog: You know him?
4) 76) dialog: Okay, now you listen to me! I don't know what's going on but you'd better fix it! I had a date with Mark Davis and I even bought new UNDERWEAR!
4) 78) dialog: Play along?
4) 80) dialog: (ripping the barette from her hair)
4) 83) dialog: Why can't we just EXPLAIN IT?
4) 87) dialog: Oh God, we are. We're stuck in like "Nerdville". (shakes her head)
4) 92) dialog: Um ... It's ... Biff turns to see the fireman climb into the truck, with kitty in his arms.
4) 94) text: Well--guess I'll see ya later Mary Sue. He takes off down the street with the sun glinting on his really keen convertible. Jennifer gapes as he disappears around the corner.
4) 95) dialog: Who's that?
4) 97) dialog: (still gaping)
4) 100) dialog: (flicking her hair)
5) 0) text: Streams of impeccably kept youngsters file through the do doors. All cheery and very pleasant looking. It looks lik Leni Riefenstahl movie. ANGLE. FROM ACROSS THE STREET. David stands beside Jennifer looking at the entrance to t school. Three girls huddle together by the front steps.
5) 1) dialog: Those are my friends.
5) 3) dialog: (staring at them)
5) 8) dialog: Okay ... She flicks her hair back--cops a first day of school attitude, and heads across the street like she owns the place.
6) 6) dialog: What's outside of Pleasantville? The teacher looks at her with a puzzled frozen smile on h face. She looks vaguely troubled.
6) 9) dialog: Outside of Pleasantville ... What's at the end of Main Street? The class lets out a knowing groan--as if to say "Oh. We it now. Boy what a stupid question." Miss Peters gives a but condescending look.
8) 1) dialog: No way.
8) 3) dialog: It's too weird David. This place is giving me the creeps. Did you know all the books are blank?
8) 5) dialog: I looked in the library. They got covers with nothing inside them.
8) 7) dialog: I got lost. (beat)
8) 8) text: Oh here ... look at this! She reaches into her purse and pulls out a book of matche Jennifer tries to light a Kleenex on fire.
8) 10) dialog: 
8) 11) dialog: Just watch. You know why those guys just get cats out of trees? 'Cause nothing burns around here, that's why! They don't need any firemen ... Sure enough the tissue has become flame retardant.
8) 13) dialog: (trembling)
8) 17) dialog: You really think anybody's gonna, like, notice if I don't have a chocolate malt with this guy. At that moment, three of Mary Sue's "friends" come titter around the comer. They skitter up to her like a group of wind-up toys.
8) 24) dialog: You sure I'm supposed to wear this? INT. MARY SUE'S ROOM. Jennifer emerges from the closet in a mohair sweater and poodle skirt. Under the sweater she wears a 1950's "bulle bra" that turn her breasts into lethal weapons.
8) 25) dialog: (looking in the mirror)
8) 28) dialog: (examining her profile)
8) 31) dialog: What do you mean?
8) 33) dialog: So what's the point?
8) 35) dialog: He-llo? I've got like three pounds of underwire here ...
8) 72) dialog: (full blown "Mary Sue")
8) 75) dialog: Really Biff? The keenest?
8) 77) dialog: (all sarcasm)
8) 81) dialog: Oh, I dunno Bud. Guess I'll just have a salad and an Evian Water. He shoots her a dirty look. Jennifer just smiles at him.
8) 82) dialog: Cheeseburger it is. ANGLE. FOLLOWING DAVID. He glowers at her all the way back to the counter. David posts the order in the little carousel clip board, keepin eye on the table the entire time ... RESUME. TABLE. Biff gazes across the table at Jennifer with an adoring l on his face. His hands are properly folded in front of hi She's still trying to do her best "Mary Sue."
8) 85) dialog: Well, sometimes talking's over-rated. Don't you think?
8) 89) dialog: Oh, gosh no.
8) 91) dialog: Oh you bet. (beat)
8) 92) text: Will you excuse me for a sec? Jennifer gets up in a daze and heads toward the bathroom. ANGLE. DAVID. He freezes behind the counter and watches as his sister practically stumbles through the bathroom door. INT. BATHROOM. Of course there aren't any toilets. Jennifer gropes her w to the sink and leans against the counter.
8) 93) dialog: Jesus Chirist ... She turns and sits against the sink for a moment with a dumbstruck look on her face. Jennifer shakes her head for moment or two, when the door to the bathroom bursts open.
8) 96) dialog: (straight ahead)
8) 104) dialog: (Mary Sue)
8) 105) text: Gee whiz "Bud", what could we possibly need when we have each other? She flashes him a "sweet" smile then reaches out and TOUC BIFF'S HAND. Both boys jump slightly as Jennifer gives he brother a venomous grin then suddenly waves "bye bye." Da just stares at her panicked as he moves haltingly back to Soda fountain.
8) 108) dialog: You want to get out of here?
8) 110) dialog: You wanna get out of here? You wanna leave?
8) 113) dialog: (shrugging)
8) 117) dialog: Yeah. Lover's Lane. You up for it? CLOSE UP. BIFF. He just stares at her with his mouth open ... WIDER. Jennifer reaches forward grabbing his hand.
8) 118) dialog: C'mon. Let's go. FULL SHOT. SODA FOUNTAIN. David is in the middle of making a hot fudge sundae when sees Jennifer leading Biff by the hand into the parking l Everyone at the counter is enjoying their dessert, when D lets out a blood curdling scream.
9) 2) dialog: (staring at him)
9) 5) dialog: Oh, Biff. You can "pin" me any time you want to. She leans back a liftle more, draping her arm across the of the seat. Her tits point toward the sky.
9) 6) dialog: (breathy)
11) 0) text: The low gutteral MOANS of two coupling animals drifts out over the evening air. It is raw and primitive and despera The CAMERA begins to TRACK behind all the other cars--the occupants primly holding hands in a tender sillouhette. I finally COMES TO REST on a convertible at the end, with a girl's leg sticking out the window. CLOSER. A Letterman's sweater hangs over the door. The windshield completely fogged. Jennifer's sweater is draped over the backseat. The car is rocking. INT. CAR. They are clenched in a mad embrace: all arms and hair. Bi pulls back for a moment, GASPING for air. His face is cov with lipstick and there is a crazy look in his eye. He's stuck somewhere between passion and fear as he clings desperately to the steering wheel.
11) 3) dialog: (breathless)
11) 8) text: I think something's happening to me. He looks at his crotch then back at Jennifer. She reaches and grabs a handful of his hair.
11) 9) dialog: It's s'posed to happen, Biff.
11) 11) dialog: Trust me ... He looks at her completely confused as she pulls back dow and OUT OF FRAME ...
12) 22) text: Well, look, thanks for coming by. I ... really appreciate it. He turns and starts hustling him down the walk just as Bi convertible pulls up at the curb. INT. CAR. CLOSE UP. JENNIFER. She looks sweetly over at the driver's side of the car (O OF FRAME).
12) 23) dialog: Well gee thanks Biff. I had a really wonderful time. ANGLE. BIFF. OTHER SIDE OF CAR. He sits behind the wheel with a totally dazed look on his face. Biff stares stunned at Jennifer, like he just got h with a couple of thousand volts.
12) 25) dialog: (sweetly)
12) 30) dialog: (innocently)
12) 33) dialog: Relax "Bud." We had a really nice time. (mock YAWN)
12) 35) dialog: 'Night. She shuts the door softly in his face. David stairs at th gray wood in front of him. EXT. ELM STREET. NIGHT. Biff pulls up at an intersection with the same dazed look his eye. The car rumbles at the stoplight for a moment or two, before he glances over to his right. CLOSE UP. BIFF. The stunned look turns to one of sheer amazement: BIFF'S POV. ROSE. There, against a gray picket fence, on a black and white street in a black and white neighborhood, A SINGLE RED RO IS BLOOMING.
14) 2) dialog: So what's the big deal. Oh. Okay. They're like not good at basketball anymore. Like--omigod, what a tragedy.
14) 4) dialog: Well maybe it needs to be messed with. Did that ever like--occur to you? (beat)
14) 8) dialog: Kewl "PJ". How you doin'?
14) 10) text: "Kewl." Jennifer smiles at her friend as she goes by.
14) 12) dialog: Well if I don't who will?
14) 14) dialog: David, nobody's happy in a Poodle skirt and a sweater set. (pause ...)
14) 16) dialog: I mean, you don't think it's just like dorky or funny or something ... you really like it. (shudders)
14) 19) dialog: David, let me tell you something. These people don't want to be geeks. They want to be "attractive." They've got a lot of potential, they just don't know any better.
14) 21) dialog: Um--hello? You want to like take a look? Jennifer motions behind her to a boy and girt who are loc in an intimate conversation. The girl wears bobby socks a the boy wears a letterman's sweater, but the conversation sexually charged. They speak to one another in a close whisper--their faces inches apart. All at once the girt g shy and glances away. She blows a big bubble with her gum but the BUBBLE IS BRIGHT PINK IN AN OTHERWISE GRAY FRAME.
14) 23) dialog: I gotta go. I'm meeting Biff at the flagpole. EXT. LOVER'S LANE. NIGHT. It is the exact same shot as before: The CAMERA STARTS IT LONG SLOW TRACK behind the vehicles, except this time ALL THEM ARE ROCKING. Various limbs and articles of clothing out the open windows. MOANS of pleasure waft out over Lov Lane as the pond glistens in the distance ...
19) 5) dialog: Me too. Sounds swell.
21) 0) text: The SOUND of the television plays OS while a warm light b in the window. INT. KITCHEN. Jennifer and Betty stand at the sink finishing the dishes Betty washes while Jennifer dries and it's clear who's mo used to this. Jennifer examines a chipped nail as she pla a dish in the drying rack.
21) 2) dialog: Yeah? Betty hesitates. Rinses out a pot.
21) 4) dialog: Sure. She pauses for a long moment.
21) 6) dialog: (turning toward her)
21) 10) dialog: Yeah ... (beat)
21) 13) dialog: It doesn't matter.
21) 15) dialog: (glances toward the living room/ lowers her voice)
21) 19) dialog: You sure you want to know this?
21) 21) dialog: Okay. She crosses to the kitchen door and closes it. The sounds the TV in the living room disappear. Jennifer crosses bac the kitchen counter and turns to her.
21) 22) dialog: You see Mom ... (softer and with understanding)
22) 0) text: The TV keeps flickering in the window. INT. KITCHEN. LATER ... The CAMERA PANS across the kitchen table where there is a full quart of milk and some uneaten co6kies. It finally c to rest on Jennifer who is staring across the kitchen tab with a concerned look on her face.
22) 1) dialog: You okay? REVERSE ANGLE. BETTY. She nods--shaken but "fine." Betty stares long and hard a the plate of chocolate chip cookies. She's far away.
22) 4) dialog: (gently)
22) 7) text: ... Your father would never do anything like that. SHOT. JENNIFER. She bites her lip weighing her next sentence ...
22) 8) dialog: (leaning forward)
25) 16) dialog: (in a whisper)
25) 20) dialog: Not directly anyhow ...
25) 22) dialog: (still under her breath)
25) 53) dialog: They were. He looks over at her.
25) 54) dialog: (quickly)
25) 57) dialog: But like only up to the part about the raft, because I didn't read any farther. CLOSER. David flips through the book and sure enough only the fir chapter has print. The pages are blank after that.
27) 31) dialog: What's wrong?
27) 33) dialog: Nothing? He keeps breathing hard in the doorway. David holds the remote in his hand.
27) 36) dialog: (glancing at the book)
27) 38) dialog: D.H. Lawrence. You ever heard of him?
27) 41) dialog: Seemed kinda sexy. Look. I read 35 pages.
27) 44) dialog: So what is it?
27) 47) dialog: Sure.
27) 49) dialog: Yeah ...
27) 51) dialog: No. She really liked you.
27) 53) dialog: Gone out with you. She woulda like rearranged your tonsils.
27) 55) dialog: Can I ask you a question?
27) 57) dialog: How come I'm still in black and white?
27) 60) dialog: Well I've had like ten times as much sex as these girls and I'm still like this. They have one hour in the back of a car and suddenly they're in technicolor.
27) 63) dialog: (looking up quickly)
27) 64) text: What? She stares at him wide-eyed like someone who has just hea their name called. Jennifer's eyes dart around like she's calculating a math problem. After a moment or two, her expression changes: a vague look of recognition.
27) 65) dialog: No, it's not just the sex, is it? She glances down at her book. It's a big book. Jennifer t a deep breath and stares at the gray skin of her hand. Af a second or two, she looks back. David looks at her for a beat ...
29) 0) text: She lies on her bed, reading the same book she was browsi earlier. Jennifer seems strangely engrossed as she flips pages, lying on her stomach, scouring every word. After a moment or two she gets restless and shifts position, lift the book. The cover is plainly visible: "LADY CHATTERLY'S
29) 2) text: She doesn't have enough light so Jennifer rises from the and crosses to "her" desk. She sits in the chair and flat the book in front of her. Jennifer is deep into the plot doesn't even look up as she flicks on the desk lamp. She could almost be studying algebra as she sits upright at t little desk. DIFFERENT ANGLE. She flips the page and peers more intently. Her hair is bothering her so she pulls it back and knots it in a pony tail. After a little while her eyes begin to get more tir and she looks up and blinks a couple of times. Jennifer notices something across the desk. REVERSE ANGLE. A pair of Mary Sue's glasses are neatly folded in front o her. Jennifer reaches out, puts them on her head, glances back down at the print.
29) 3) dialog: (impressed)
29) 4) text: Hunh. She can see much clearer now. Jennifer folds her hands in front of her and doesn't even realize that she has mimick the PHOTOGRAPH OF MARY SUE THAT SITS BESIDE HER IN A SILV FRAME. The face is the same, but that's to be expected. S the pony tail, the glasses, the posture and the studious on her face. Jennifer turns the page engrossed in her nov when there is a loud TAP on the window. She rises from the desk and pulls back the curtain. Jenni slides open the window. EXT. PARKER HOUSE. Biff stands on the front lawn tossing pebbles at the wind
29) 6) dialog: (leaning out the window)
29) 10) dialog: So.
29) 12) dialog: Oh. (remembering)
29) 15) dialog: I'm busy.
29) 17) text: With what? INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM. She hesitates for a second then glances back at the desk. own image in the silver frame stares back at her. The hai pulled back in a pony tail. The glasses sit on the front her nose.
29) 18) dialog: (turning to Biff)
29) 19) text: I'm studying. She thinks about it for a moment, then suddenly smiles. B stands dumbfounded on the sidewalk as Jennifer reaches up quietly closes the window ...
34) 0) text: She stands at the window looking out at the driving rain. Jennifer still holds the D.H. Lawrence book in her hand. There is a huge flash of lightning and another clap of thunder.
34) 1) dialog: Cool ... She flops back down on the bed and continues to read ... PARKER LIVING ROOM. George wanders through the empty and darkened house completely perplexed and utterly disoriented. He looks ar for his family, but all he can find are the darkened room and the sound of the driving storm.
35) 43) text: Or like sprinklers in the summer ... Betty smiles. They both listen for a moment and the fear seems to fade a little. The RAIN POUNDS harder on the roo Betty nestles down in the booth, a little closer to Mr. Johnson. They just sit there listening for a moment or tw Betty starts to smile ... EXT. LOVER'S LANE. David huddles with Margaret under the rocky ledge as she nestles against him with her head on his shoulder. INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM. She lies on her bed, still reading the book, the spitting image of Mary Sue. Her hair is up in a bun now. The glass have slipped down her nose. There is another fork of lightning and the LOUDEST THUNDER CLAP of all. Jennifer smiles slightly and pulls Mary Sue's afghan over her shoulders as she fluffs the pillow and turns the page.
35) 49) text: Oh my God ... INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM. She has passed out on her bed with her book on her chest. Jennifer's hair is still tied in a bun and she still wear Mary Sue's glasses, but her face has returned to its rosy pink hue. She blinks open her eyes, feeling the sunlight, looks out the window.
35) 50) dialog: (looking at the rainbow)
41) 7) dialog: Don't! Just let go.
41) 9) dialog: I said, NO! (yanking it)
41) 10) text: ... I've read like one book in my whole life and I'll be damned if I let you throw it on that fire ... Jennifer wrestles with him for a couple of seconds and th suddenly kicks Biff in the groin. He doubles over in agon when Jennifer snatches the book and bolts in the other direction. DIFFERENT ANGLE. STREET. She sprints up the street and is just passing the barber when a hand reaches out and grabs her. Jennifer starts to scream but David puts a hand to her mouth.
43) 0) text: The Fire Department is cleaning up the charred remains of bonfire ... INT. SODA SHOP. LATER ... Betty is asleep in one of the booths. Jennifer sleeps bes her on the floor. David and Margaret sleep next to them i another booth with Margaret curled up against his chest. David opens his eyes. REVERSE ANGLE. HIS POV. Mr. Johnson is standing in the middle of the shop, starin the large piece of plywood where his window used to be. H just gazes at the thing as if he could look through it. There's a faraway look in his eye. SHOT. DAVID. He rises carefully from the booth, without waking Margare David crosses over to Mr. Johnson and speaks in a whisper
46) 0) text: All the birds are really chirping. Red Brick, Yellow cars Green hats ... The barber pole in front of Gus' has final turned to red, white and blue--he can't help smiling. Dav walks out into the sunlight and stares in wonder at his creation. The whole town is washed in joy. WIDER. Margaret comes up and throws her arms around him. They me in a rich passionate kiss (in direct defiance of the code conduct). Several people around them actually clap, like spectators at a wedding. Jennifer moves up next to them a looks at her brother making out.
46) 1) dialog: Uch ... I am like gonna hurl ... David turns and looks at her. Both of them laugh. David throws his arms around his sister as more and more people stream out of the courtroom into the sunlight ...
47) 0) text: David and Jennifer stand together on the edge of town. Sh clutches a valise in her hand. He holds the remote contro
47) 2) dialog: I told you. I'm like positive.
47) 4) dialog: I'm not ready yet. I gotta do this for a little while. WIDER. They stand on the edge of town (which finally has an edge A large sign says: "Springfield 12 Miles" and for the fir time, the end of Main Street is no longer the beginning. Jennifer is dressed in Mary Sue's clothes with a little b of style thrown in. Rich fields of wheat spread out in th distance.
47) 5) dialog: Besides. You think there's like a chance I'm gonna get into college back there?
47) 9) dialog: Right here.
47) 11) dialog: I've done the slut thing, David. It's really kinda old. David nods.
47) 13) dialog: You're like the coolest brother in the world. David smiles. Never been called cool before. They suddenl hear the SOUND of a motor and look to their left. A huge Greyhound bus lumbers up the highway, pulling to a halt a the sign. The doors open beckoning her in. Jennifer smile her brother, then turns toward the door ... EXT. MARGARETS HOUSE. DAY. She clutches her umbrella at her side. David holds a bag oatmeal cookies. Each one clings on to the other one's clothing. Their faces are inches apart.