25) 2) dialog: That was sure swell ...
25) 4) dialog: (smiling)
25) 8) dialog: No. I baked them for you.
25) 10) dialog: (low and gutteral)
25) 11) text: No. I baked them for you. All at once, Margaret grabs his arm and presses herself u against him. Her breasts shove up against his chest. Her mouth is inches away from his.
25) 13) dialog: See ya. She turns and heads around the comer, while David just watches her dumbstruck.
25) 39) dialog: (hungry for knowledge)
25) 43) dialog: (an exotic concept)
25) 61) dialog: (breathless)
26) 20) dialog: (turning/ lighting up)
26) 23) text: Look, I probably shouldn't be asking you this--not knowing you that well and all ... Margaret stops in the street and turns to him.
26) 26) dialog: (breathless)
28) 0) text: David gets out of his "dad's" convertible, carrying a doz "gray" roses. He takes a deep breath and heads up her fro walk ... INT. CAR. NIGHT. LATER ... David sits behind the wheel of the borrowed car with Marg Henderson by his side. He concentrates hard on the road, holding the wheel at "10 and 2" as he steals a glance to right. HIS POV. MARGARET. It's not quite evening yet, and late afternoon light make her glow. Margaret smiles as she turns her face into the wind that swirls inside the convertible ... SHOT. DAVID. He studies her for a moment or two, then suddenly swerves avoid a parked car on his right ... WIDER. They pass a sign with a happy family on it that reads:
28) 4) dialog: Um ... You gotta turn off Main Street.
28) 13) dialog: Aren't these great? David takes the flower, then puts it up to his nose. He t a long deep breath then all at once, his posture seems to relax. As the fragrance enters his body his eyes drift li some strange narcotic is washing over him. David lowers t flower ... EXT. MAIN STREET. DUSK. Betty is walking down Main Street with a shopping bag on either hand. From a block away, she looks like any other homemaker in Pleasantville. You don't even notice the gra make-up. CLOSER. FOLLOWING BETTY. She nods to Mrs. Filmore in the bakery and smiles at Don the Post Office. Betty is just about to turn on Elm Stree when she glances up, and suddenly stops. HER POV. ACROSS THE STREET. There, in the middle of the block, sits Mr. Johnson's sod shop. The whole scene is still black and white, except fo the large CUBIST PAINTING THAT FILLS MR. JOHNSON'S WINDOW is rendered in bright PINKS, YELLOWS AND ORANGES, and loo like a Braque or a Picasso except for the unusual subject matter. Upon closer examination you see that all the sphe and cones add up to an avante garde snow scene, with a Cu Santa hovering over the roof tops. SHOT. BETTY. She stares at it, mesmerized for a moment, then starts to wander across the street. It's late afternoon and the business district is empty. Betty crosses in the middle o the block, staring straight ahead. INT. SODA SHOP. The door opens and she sticks her head inside. Most of th place is dark except for one streak of sunlight shining through the window near the back of the store. Betty glan around. The little bell JINGLES as she enters.
30) 0) text: David and Margaret sit on the edge of the grass, looking across the water. Even in the moonlight, the COLORS are vivid. David still clutches the gardenia in his hand, tak a long hit like an Opium addict.
30) 3) dialog: Do they have those ... Where you come from?
30) 6) dialog: You don't know? Margaret laughs like that isn't even possible. She shifts the grass hiking her skirt up above the knee. It reveals long tan leg beneath it. David watches as she kicks off h shoes, rubbing her feet through the long cool grass.
30) 7) dialog: So what's it like?
30) 9) dialog: (a whisper)
30) 12) dialog: How?
30) 14) dialog: Sounds fantastic. You know some kids came up here the other night to go swimming--took off all their clothes. She giggles. David looks at her in amazement.
30) 15) dialog: Do they have an Ocean? I've heard about the ocean.
30) 17) dialog: What's that like?
30) 20) dialog: Mmmm. (beat)
30) 21) text: Boy. It's hot up here. Suddenly and without warning Margaret unbuttons her cardi sweater. She slips it off, arching her back like the figurehead of a ship and David just stares at her breasts She wears a light cotton blouse and even in the moonlight forms a translucent silhouette ... She lays the sweater across the grass and leans back on it.
30) 22) dialog: You want some berries?
30) 24) dialog: I picked them myself. They grow wild up here. (eating one)
30) 28) dialog: (looking straight up)
30) 29) text: Oh yeah. There's a lot of stuff. Currants and strawberries ... Here. I'll show you. She hops up and scampers across the grassy bank, kicking heels behind her. Margaret reaches a tree in the distance reaches toward an upper limb, stretching out her body lik piece of statuary. She picks a piece of fruit and scamper back toward him, hiking up her skirt as she goes ...
30) 30) dialog: Here. CLOSER. Margaret sticks out her hand, offering him a BRIGHT RED APPLE. It's brilliant and shiny and glistens in the moonlight. ANGLE. DAVID. He hesitates just looking at it. Margaret speaks in a whisper.
30) 31) dialog: Go on. Try it. HIS POV. She is lying on her stomach now, and behind the outstretc apple he can see an ample view of her cleavage. Margaret smiling at him as the apple shines in the foreground. Dav reaches out and takes it. WIDER. DAVID AND MARGARET. For this instant, they seem alone in the garden. He looks down at it, then glances over at Margaret. David hesitate for a split second then takes a bite of the apple ...
33) 0) text: David and Margaret are locked in a deep passionate kiss. first they don't separate when they hear the BOOMING CLAP THUNDER. It is only when they hear the SECOND ONE and the RAIN starts to fall, that Margaret pulls back and looks u the sky.
33) 1) dialog: What is that? ANGLE. DAVID. He is still in an amorous daze and doesn't even feel the increasing rain. It starts to pound harder and Margaret l to him in terror.
33) 2) dialog: What's going on?
33) 4) dialog: Real rain?
33) 7) dialog: What do we do?
33) 10) dialog: What top? He looks back at her. No top either. David smiles, drench in rain and puts his arm around Margaret who is starting shiver.
35) 43) text: Or like sprinklers in the summer ... Betty smiles. They both listen for a moment and the fear seems to fade a little. The RAIN POUNDS harder on the roo Betty nestles down in the booth, a little closer to Mr. Johnson. They just sit there listening for a moment or tw Betty starts to smile ... EXT. LOVER'S LANE. David huddles with Margaret under the rocky ledge as she nestles against him with her head on his shoulder. INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM. She lies on her bed, still reading the book, the spitting image of Mary Sue. Her hair is up in a bun now. The glass have slipped down her nose. There is another fork of lightning and the LOUDEST THUNDER CLAP of all. Jennifer smiles slightly and pulls Mary Sue's afghan over her shoulders as she fluffs the pillow and turns the page.
35) 47) text: Oh my Gosh ... EXT. LOVER'S LANE. Birds are chirping. David and Margaret also lie asleep in each other's arms, beneath the shelter of the rocky overh Margaret lifts up and sees the rainbow. She has turned to color as well ...
35) 48) dialog: (awed)
37) 0) text: David and Margaret stand beneath the big Elm tree outside Margaret's house: a statue of two young lovers. They wrap their arms around each other in a classic silhouette. The meeting across town seems a million miles away. After a moment or two, David reaches behind the tree and pulls ou beautifully wrapped gift. It is three feet long with a br RED bow.
37) 2) text: I got you something. Margaret's eyes widen. She beams at him, then tears off t wrapping paper revealing a great big umbrella ... a real umbrella. She looks up at him thrilled.
37) 3) dialog: It's beautiful. Where'd you get it?
37) 5) dialog: Can I open it?
37) 11) text: Hello Margaret.
37) 12) dialog: Hello Whitey ...
37) 23) text: You know Margaret, you can come over and bake those Oatmeal cookies for me anytime you want to. They share another CHORTLE as Whitey guns the car and pee out with a SCREECH. Margaret's lip starts to quiver and D holds her tighter ...
41) 4) dialog: Where are they?
41) 14) text: The crowd has moved on and all that is left is the dark wreckage of the soda shop. Several stools lie out in the street and shards of brightly painted glass are scattered around the sidewalk. It is eerily quiet. WIDER. David, Betty and Margaret sit silently in the car, across street with the lights off. He unlatches the door handle gets out slowly. The rest of them follow him into the emp street as they move silently toward the soda shop, like s platoon on patrol. REVERSE ANGLE. As they get closer, more of the wreckage comes into view. a booth ... a soda spigot ... After a moment or two Jenni looks up and gasps. CLOSER. Several teenagers step out of the shadows. They have scra faces and ripped clothing--the signs. Most are dazed and OF THEM ARE IN COLOR. After a second or two, more appear: Mary Jane ... Lisa Anne ... The boy who was reading Huck Finn... ANGLE. DAVID. The kids turn to him as if he has some kind of answer. Of course he doesn't. The sounds of the Mob still carry thro the air from somewhere off in the distance.
43) 0) text: The Fire Department is cleaning up the charred remains of bonfire ... INT. SODA SHOP. LATER ... Betty is asleep in one of the booths. Jennifer sleeps bes her on the floor. David and Margaret sleep next to them i another booth with Margaret curled up against his chest. David opens his eyes. REVERSE ANGLE. HIS POV. Mr. Johnson is standing in the middle of the shop, starin the large piece of plywood where his window used to be. H just gazes at the thing as if he could look through it. There's a faraway look in his eye. SHOT. DAVID. He rises carefully from the booth, without waking Margare David crosses over to Mr. Johnson and speaks in a whisper
46) 0) text: All the birds are really chirping. Red Brick, Yellow cars Green hats ... The barber pole in front of Gus' has final turned to red, white and blue--he can't help smiling. Dav walks out into the sunlight and stares in wonder at his creation. The whole town is washed in joy. WIDER. Margaret comes up and throws her arms around him. They me in a rich passionate kiss (in direct defiance of the code conduct). Several people around them actually clap, like spectators at a wedding. Jennifer moves up next to them a looks at her brother making out.
47) 14) dialog: You're gonna forget about me.
47) 16) dialog: (a whisper)