3) 140) text: Gee whizz, Mary Sue--why can't I borrow your transistor radio?
3) 143) text: Bud and Mary Sue clutch either end of a small transistor radio. They seem to be in the EXACT SAME POSITION as Davi and Jennifer, who are struggling over the remote control. ANGLE. DAVID AND JENNIFER. She tugs the remote while David yanks in the other direct
3) 159) text: George Parker (Bud and Mary Sue's father) enters from the landing whistling a happy tune. He's dressed in a gray su with a gray shirt, and a dark gray tie with little gray d
4) 94) text: Well--guess I'll see ya later Mary Sue. He takes off down the street with the sun glinting on his really keen convertible. Jennifer gapes as he disappears around the corner.
5) 7) text: Mary Sue. You're gonna be late for Geography.
8) 71) text: I sure am glad you said you'd come out with me tonight Mary Sue.
11) 2) text: I think I better go home now Mary Sue ... She holds onto his shirt as her knee rubs the dashboard.
15) 0) text: It is a typical '50s family practice right out of Norman Rockwell. There is a jar of tongue depressors on the coun and a jar of lollipops beside them. Lisa Anne (Mary Sue's best friend) is being examined by Dr. Henderson. Her moth sits at her side.
20) 5) dialog: (a THIRD WOMAN)
20) 8) dialog: Hunh. I know what you mean. That's like the front of Bill Johnson's shop. I was going by it the other day and it looked green only "greener." SHOT. BETTY. She looks up quickly--then grabs some bridge mix.
20) 11) dialog: That is strange. Betty reaches out and grabs her cards. She fans them out front of her, when her eyes go wide. HER POV. BRIDGE HAND. They are ALL HEARTS and all BRIGHT RED. It looks like a fistfful of valentines. CLOSE UP. BETTY. She puts the cards down quickly and takes a sudden breath Betty keeps them like that for a moment or two, before lifting them up and taking another look.
29) 2) text: She doesn't have enough light so Jennifer rises from the and crosses to "her" desk. She sits in the chair and flat the book in front of her. Jennifer is deep into the plot doesn't even look up as she flicks on the desk lamp. She could almost be studying algebra as she sits upright at t little desk. DIFFERENT ANGLE. She flips the page and peers more intently. Her hair is bothering her so she pulls it back and knots it in a pony tail. After a little while her eyes begin to get more tir and she looks up and blinks a couple of times. Jennifer notices something across the desk. REVERSE ANGLE. A pair of Mary Sue's glasses are neatly folded in front o her. Jennifer reaches out, puts them on her head, glances back down at the print.
29) 4) text: Hunh. She can see much clearer now. Jennifer folds her hands in front of her and doesn't even realize that she has mimick the PHOTOGRAPH OF MARY SUE THAT SITS BESIDE HER IN A SILV FRAME. The face is the same, but that's to be expected. S the pony tail, the glasses, the posture and the studious on her face. Jennifer turns the page engrossed in her nov when there is a loud TAP on the window. She rises from the desk and pulls back the curtain. Jenni slides open the window. EXT. PARKER HOUSE. Biff stands on the front lawn tossing pebbles at the wind
35) 43) text: Or like sprinklers in the summer ... Betty smiles. They both listen for a moment and the fear seems to fade a little. The RAIN POUNDS harder on the roo Betty nestles down in the booth, a little closer to Mr. Johnson. They just sit there listening for a moment or tw Betty starts to smile ... EXT. LOVER'S LANE. David huddles with Margaret under the rocky ledge as she nestles against him with her head on his shoulder. INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM. She lies on her bed, still reading the book, the spitting image of Mary Sue. Her hair is up in a bun now. The glass have slipped down her nose. There is another fork of lightning and the LOUDEST THUNDER CLAP of all. Jennifer smiles slightly and pulls Mary Sue's afghan over her shoulders as she fluffs the pillow and turns the page.
35) 49) text: Oh my God ... INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM. She has passed out on her bed with her book on her chest. Jennifer's hair is still tied in a bun and she still wear Mary Sue's glasses, but her face has returned to its rosy pink hue. She blinks open her eyes, feeling the sunlight, looks out the window.
41) 14) text: The crowd has moved on and all that is left is the dark wreckage of the soda shop. Several stools lie out in the street and shards of brightly painted glass are scattered around the sidewalk. It is eerily quiet. WIDER. David, Betty and Margaret sit silently in the car, across street with the lights off. He unlatches the door handle gets out slowly. The rest of them follow him into the emp street as they move silently toward the soda shop, like s platoon on patrol. REVERSE ANGLE. As they get closer, more of the wreckage comes into view. a booth ... a soda spigot ... After a moment or two Jenni looks up and gasps. CLOSER. Several teenagers step out of the shadows. They have scra faces and ripped clothing--the signs. Most are dazed and OF THEM ARE IN COLOR. After a second or two, more appear: Mary Jane ... Lisa Anne ... The boy who was reading Huck Finn... ANGLE. DAVID. The kids turn to him as if he has some kind of answer. Of course he doesn't. The sounds of the Mob still carry thro the air from somewhere off in the distance.