8) 39) dialog: (looking up)
8) 42) dialog: Oh. He stops wiping for a moment, holding the towel in his ha
8) 43) dialog: I didn't know what to do. He stares at the rag a little troubled.
8) 45) dialog: Well--I always wipe down the counter and then you set out the napkins and glasses and then I make the french fries ...
8) 48) dialog: But you didn't come so I kept on wiping. He looks down at the towel clearly disturbed. David pause for a moment then starts toward him.
8) 52) dialog: I'm so glad you're here.
8) 58) dialog: There aren't any cheeseburgers.
8) 61) dialog: Well, usually I put out the burger and then you finish with the lettuce ...
8) 64) dialog: ... Yeah.
8) 66) dialog: (quieter)
12) 8) dialog: Hi there. You took off so quick. I wasn't sure if you were okay.
12) 10) dialog: Bud ...
12) 12) dialog: (sotto)
12) 15) dialog: (proud)
12) 16) text: Well you weren't around this time so I did the whole thing myself. CLOSER. Mr. Johnson has a strange look of "manly pride" on his fa His shoulders square back. His chest puffs out a little. There is a sudden sparkle in his eye.
12) 17) dialog: (more confidential)
12) 19) dialog: Oh, hello Betty.
12) 26) text: Hello Mr. Johnson.
12) 27) dialog: Oh, hello Mary Sue. She is wearing a big smile by the time she reaches the po David grabs her arm.
19) 7) text: Really? It seems so fattening. Before she can answer he smiles to himself and crosses be the counter. Bud posts the order and turns to Mr. Johnson
19) 9) dialog: (staring straight ahead)
19) 13) dialog: Oh--what's the point, Bud? CLOSER. Mr. Johnson. looks up at him with a weird kind of emptine in his eyes. David grabs his arm.
19) 16) dialog: Well ... I'm not sure I see the point anymore.
19) 18) dialog: No I know ... I know I do ... (he pauses, then looks up)
19) 21) dialog: (not hearing him)
19) 24) dialog: Oh ... Okay. (beat/ lower)
19) 25) text: ... But I really liked it. Bud takes a deep breath. He stares at Mr. Johnson, then t to speak softly.
19) 27) dialog: Why?
19) 30) dialog: (like a secret)
19) 34) dialog: Christmastime. David rolls his eyes. Mr. Johnson leans closer, speaking furtively.
19) 35) dialog: See every year on Dec 3, I get to paint the Christmas decorations in the window. And every year, I get to paint a different thing ... (beat)
19) 39) dialog: Thanks. (continuing)
19) 41) dialog: Well don't you?
19) 43) dialog: Really?
19) 45) dialog: Oh. Okay. I'll try that then.
26) 0) text: Mr. Johnson is all alone in the shop, setting up the napk dispensers. He whistles BRUBECK'S "TAKE FIVE" when the sc door slams behind him. Mr. Johnson looks up with a start.
26) 1) dialog: Oh, hi.
26) 4) dialog: Aren't you a little early?
26) 6) text: I brought you something ... From the library. CLOSER. FOLLOWING DAVID. He has a large book tucked under his arm that is easily t feet long. Mr. Johnson looks at him a little intrigued as David crosses to the counter.
26) 8) dialog: Oh my Gosh, Bud ...
26) 11) dialog: Mmmmgh ... Faintly, almost imperceptibly, the SOUND of a rich ARIA begins to UNDERSCORE THE IMAGES. It's so faint you can't sure you even hear it at all ... like you're hearing it w your eyes. He TURNS THE PAGES faster. Breugal's "Harvesters" ... Tum "Steam Train" ... Monet's "Cathedralo" ... Cezanne's "Oranges" ... Mr. Johnson shuts the book. WIDER. SODA SHOP. They sit like that for a beat.
26) 12) dialog: It's beautiful, Bud ... He looks up at David, troubled.
26) 14) dialog: I'll never be able to do that.
26) 16) dialog: No, that's not it. Mr. Johnson shuts the book gently.
26) 17) dialog: Where am I going to see colors like that? ANGLE. DAVID. What can he say. David looks over at Mr. Johnson who just smiles and shrugs.
26) 18) dialog: Must be awfully lucky to see colors like that. I bet they don't even know how lucky they are. CLOSE UP. DAVID. He just stares for a second. EXT. MAIN STREET. LONG SHOT. DAY. Margaret walks up the center of Main Street toward the CA with her books pressed against her chest. She passes the drugstore, then the hardware store ... Far off in the distance, a young man comes racing out of the soda shop, pulling off his little paper hat as he goes. He comes run up behind her as fast as he can. CLOSER. He takes a deep breath and tries to quiet the panting.
28) 14) dialog: We're closed right now ... DIFFERENT ANGLE. He sits in front of a small easel near the back, staring board which doubles as a canvas. Mr. Johnson glances over shoulder and recognizes Betty in the doorway.
28) 15) dialog: Oh, hi ...
28) 18) dialog: No, no ... Come on in. REVERSE ANGLE. He gets up from his stool and crosses toward the door, st holding the palette in his hand. Betty stares at the "Cub Christmas" in the window.
28) 20) dialog: Thanks. Their eyes lock for a second. Sort of a clutzy silence. M Johnson motions toward his easel.
28) 21) dialog: I was just trying to do one of these "still lifes." He sighs and looks behind him. Next to the easel is a bow GRAY FRUIT.
28) 22) dialog: Having kind of a tough time.
28) 24) dialog: Well ... (shrugs)
28) 27) dialog: Here. Look at this. He turns to Kandinsky--a massive swirl of color. The imag nearly electric.
28) 30) dialog: Bud brought it to me.
28) 32) dialog: Here's my favorite. INSERT. BOOK. He turns the page near the back to one of Picasso's "Weep Women." The woman is rendered in pink and red and green. head is a large sphere, laying "peacefully" on her own shoulder.
28) 33) dialog: What do you think? She doesn't answer ...
28) 34) dialog: Isn't it great how she's resting like that?
28) 36) text: She's crying. WIDER. Mr. Johnson looks down at the painting.
28) 37) dialog: What?
28) 39) dialog: No she's not.
28) 41) dialog: (following her)
28) 44) dialog: It's alright. He stops her near the door and she turns her face toward wall. Mr. Johnson touches her shoulder.
28) 45) dialog: It's alright. Let me see.
28) 47) text: No ... He reaches up and gently touches her chin. Mr. Johnson mo around to glimpse the other side of her cheek.
28) 48) dialog: It's beautiful. CLOSER ... She freezes like that for a moment, then slowly, haltingl turns toward him. THE COLOR of her real flesh is revealed underneath. Betty stands there exposed.
28) 49) dialog: (a whisper)
28) 51) dialog: You shouldn't cover that up. Mr. Johnson reaches over to the little napkin dispenser o the counter and pulls one out. He leans forward and dabs the tears beneath Betty's eyes. Then slowly, gently, he starts to wipe the makeup off her cheek. CLOSER STILL ... She recoils a bit, tensing up, then just looks at him. Mr Johnson is gazing at her "true color" with wonder and acceptance. She hesitates for an instant, then seems to m a decision. Betty slowly turns her face to the side, expo her flesh all the way down to the neck. Mr. Johnson conti to wipe off the make up in larger and larger strokes as t beautiful pink flesh begins to emerge ...
32) 0) text: Betty sits in a comer of the shop, next to the gray bowl fruit. She holds her head to the side, sitting gracefully with her chin in the air. Mr. Johnson sits behind his eas painting her portrait from a few feet away. Betty looks radiant with no trace of the makeup, the warm PINK OF HER FLESH TONES lit softly by a bare forty watt bulb ... CLOSER. She looks over at Mr. Johnson when they hear the BOOMING OF THUNDER. Each of them freezes. There is ANOTHER, LOUDE BOOM ... ANGLE. WINDOW. The "Cubist Snowscene" lights up brightly, illuminated by sudden flash of lightning behind it. Betty leaps up from chair and crosses to the window looking out.
32) 3) dialog: I don't know. Betty looks back at Mr. Johnson and suddenly sees the painting. She flinches for a second. Her eyes go wide. REVERSE ANGLE. INCLUDING THE PAINTING. It is Cubist (like the rest of his recent work) but that isn't the shocking part. Even though she sits in front of fully clothed, Mr. Johnson has painted a beautiful, sensu nude. Betty just stares at the canvas, stunned to see her revealed like that. The COLORS are all hot pinks and oran and yellows--like some Fauvist celebration of summertime. There is another even LOUDER PEEL OF THUNDER. WIDER. BETTY AND MR. JOHNSON. She looks over at Mr. Johnson and he glances down. After moment or two he looks back at her, but she doesn't turn run. Betty just stares at him, then without even realizin it, moves slightly closer.
35) 34) text: And the first thing you're gonna do is get a cup of hot cocoa and a nice dry bowling shirt. INT. SODA SHOP. NIGHT. The rain still pounds out the window. Betty and Mr. Johns are huddled in one of the booths watching the deluge thro Mr. Johnson's snow scene in the window. Betty is in soft radiant color now. Almost the whole frame seems to glow pink ...
35) 35) dialog: You can't go out there.
35) 37) dialog: But you can't go out there. There is another fork of lightning and a booming peel of THUNDER. Betty sighs. She's past struggling. Betty shuts eyes for a moment and listens to the rain pounding on the roof.
35) 39) dialog: (listening)
35) 42) dialog: Yeah. (thinks)
35) 43) text: Or like sprinklers in the summer ... Betty smiles. They both listen for a moment and the fear seems to fade a little. The RAIN POUNDS harder on the roo Betty nestles down in the booth, a little closer to Mr. Johnson. They just sit there listening for a moment or tw Betty starts to smile ... EXT. LOVER'S LANE. David huddles with Margaret under the rocky ledge as she nestles against him with her head on his shoulder. INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM. She lies on her bed, still reading the book, the spitting image of Mary Sue. Her hair is up in a bun now. The glass have slipped down her nose. There is another fork of lightning and the LOUDEST THUNDER CLAP of all. Jennifer smiles slightly and pulls Mary Sue's afghan over her shoulders as she fluffs the pillow and turns the page.
35) 45) text: Drops of moisture cling to the petals as it GLEAMS BRILLI RED IN THE MORNING SUN ... AERIAL SHOT. PLEASANTVILLE. The rain is gone now. The town glistens in the sunlight complete with a huge RAINBOW arching across the sky. Literally all the COLORS IN THE RAINBOW shine against the black and white of the town. It looks like a greeting car INT. SODA SHOP. Betty and Mr. Johnson are asleep in the booth, lying in e other's arms. Sunlight streams in through the window, war Mr. Johnson's face which has now turned to color. He open his eyes and looks outside ...
35) 46) dialog: (seeing the rainbow)
39) 0) text: Mr. Johnson has scrubbed the snow scene from the window a stares with his palette at a blank pane of glass. There i knock at the door ... WIDER. Mr. Johnson puts down the paints and crosses to open it. Betty is standing in the doorway clutching her purse and "Lady Samsonite Weekender" bag. She stares up into his ey
40) 0) text: Joey Anderson, the local paper boy, is finishing his morn rounds. He reaches in his bag and tosses left toward the bakery. Then he throws right toward the post office. Then turns left toward the soda shop, does a double take and s into a trash can ... WIDER. SODA SHOP. Where Mr. Johnson had once painted his cubist snow scene, there is a brand new painting that isn't cubist at all. A NUDE version of Betty graces the shop window--painted in curving sensual brush strokes. Joey stops his bike and ju stares in amazement. He gets up and rides away as fast as possibly can ...
40) 66) text: A larger crowd of hooligans has now gathered around the n painting of Betty in the window. The jeers and cat calls even louder. The "closed" sign still sits in the doorway. After a beat or two, a HUGE BRICK SHATTERS THE GLASS ... WIDER. A big CHEER goes up from the crowd. Drunk on adrenalin, t fever builds and ANOTHER BRICK SMASHES THE WINDOW. In an instant, Mr. Johnson's "canvas" is totally destroyed. The CHEERING grows louder ... Almost by osmosis, the crowd rushes the building together The door is kicked in and they stream into the place. Soo all that can be heard is the weird SOUND OF LAUGHTER AND BROKEN GLASS. INT. SODA SHOP. It is an orgy of destruction. Stools are hurled--tables ripped out. The cash register is turned over. Two boys ki in the front of the juke box ... EXT. MAIN ST. DAY. David and Betty round the corner to find the Soda Shop be destroyed. They stand at the far side of the intersection watching the carnage as the crowd continues to run amok. After a moment or two, there are some more HOOTS as MARGA comes running toward them with the front of her blouse ri open.
41) 17) dialog: Just thought I'd try to tidy it up a bit. Betty runs across and throws her arms around him. The teenagers watch as she holds him tight.
41) 18) dialog: It's okay. Once we sweep it up it'll be alright again ... Betty stifles a sob as he strokes her hair. No one says anything while they just embrace for a moment. Finally ..
42) 16) text: "SEVEN: The only permissible exterior paint colors shall be BLACK, WHITE or GRAY, despite the recent availability of certain alternatives." David looks over at Mr. Johnson who just winces slightly. Betty clutches his hand.
43) 0) text: The Fire Department is cleaning up the charred remains of bonfire ... INT. SODA SHOP. LATER ... Betty is asleep in one of the booths. Jennifer sleeps bes her on the floor. David and Margaret sleep next to them i another booth with Margaret curled up against his chest. David opens his eyes. REVERSE ANGLE. HIS POV. Mr. Johnson is standing in the middle of the shop, starin the large piece of plywood where his window used to be. H just gazes at the thing as if he could look through it. There's a faraway look in his eye. SHOT. DAVID. He rises carefully from the booth, without waking Margare David crosses over to Mr. Johnson and speaks in a whisper
43) 2) dialog: (softly)
44) 0) text: A huge crowd has gathered. There is a loud buzz in the ai David and Mr. Johnson stand side by side in front of thei work like they're presenting and guarding it at the same time. REVERSE ANGLE. CROWD. Most of the faces are black and white. A few near the bac are in color. Big Bob moves through the back of the crowd hurriedly buttoning his shirt. The buzz grows and the peo part as he heads toward the front of the pack ... ANGLE. FRONT OF CROWD. When Bob emerges from the crowd, Mr. Johnson flinches slightly. David just looks him in the eye and tries to fi as much courage as he can. "Big" Bob looks up at the colo rendering of his town with absolute horror. His eye scans green trees, the bright yellow gas station, the puffy pin clouds on the horizon.
44) 22) text: C'mere, Dan. I'll help you. David walks toward the police chief and sticks his hands A louder murmur moves through the crowd as David actually helps him fasten on the cuffs. Mr. Johnson comes over to them and the murmur starts to grow ...
45) 0) text: It is bathed in sunlight. Dozens of people stream through front door for the first trial in Pleasantville's history There is a weird carnival atmosphere in the air. INT. TOWN HALL. DAY. The place has been transformed from the Chamber of Commer meeting hall to a small town courtroom, complete with pew and ceiling fans. The only carry over from its previous configuration is the huge CHAMBER OF COMMERCE banner drap across the back wall. ANGLE. BENCH. At the center of the courtroom where the podium used to b a large, elevated judge's bench with a Rotary insignia on front. Big Bob sits six or seven feet above the proceedin finally living up to his name. The whole thing is a stran combination of Franz Kafka and "Inherit the Wind." Big Bo bangs the gavel ... CLOSER. The undertone begins to quiet down. All of the faces in t pews are Black and White. There is a "colored" section in back for standing room only. ANGLE. JURORS BOX. George is seated in the front row of the jury, despite hi relationship to one of the defendants. He is dressed impeccably with his Rotary Pin still gleaming on his lape After a moment or two he sneaks a glance toward the back the room ... ANGLE. BETTY. She stands in the back with the rest of the "colored" fac Betty cranes her head to catch a glimpse of David or Mr. Johnson. All at once, a hush goes through the crowd. ANGLE. DOORWAY. It swings open and David and Mr. Johnson are led in weari handcuffs. Dan, the Police Chief (now ballif), shows them a table in the center of the room directly facing Big Bob There is no lawyer present. There is also no prosecutor. ANGLE. DAVID. He glances around a little confused. (Weird courtroom.) B Bob bangs the gavel.
45) 11) dialog: I didn`t mean to hurt anybody. I just have to paint ... I need to. He gropes for something else to say, but what else is the David glances over and sees him sit slowly back in his se David rises from his chair.
47) 19) dialog: Well how do you know it won't go back to the way it was?
47) 22) dialog: (remembering something)
47) 24) text: I've got something for you. He pulls out a folded piece of paper. Mr. Johnson extends to David who unfolds it and instantly smiles. INSERT. PAPER. It is a small painted replica of their mural in the same vibrant colors. Everything is scaled perfectly, exactly l the one on the wall. SHOT. DAVID.
47) 26) dialog: Just a little--You know. David looks up at him and smiles. All at once he glances toward the door. WIDER. Betty is standing there holding a brown paper bag. A swea is draped over her arm.