2) 0) text: The room of the consummate beauty pageant contestant. Ina white hoop skirt stands belle of the ball DELILAH MACINTO early 20s. Tending to the bride are: mother MIRABELLE, a domineering matriarch; bridesmaid CHARLENE, Delilah's older, heavier sister; and bridesmaid MARNEY, fetching and shallow.
2) 6) dialog: Marney. I don't appreciate such language in my house.
2) 12) dialog: (pats Marney's arm) You're not a whale, Honey. She brushes past Charlene, who reddens.
2) 14) dialog: They will do no such thing.
2) 16) dialog: A bride is supposed to be nervous on her wedding day.
2) 18) dialog: It is a law. Your family comes bearing gifts. Don't you want to make a good impression on them?
2) 26) dialog: We have a philosopher among us. Any idea when your big day will come?
2) 34) dialog: That was a bit below the corset, don't you think?
5) 33) dialog: A little gratitude would be nice. I've never done this before. 11. Delilah sits up. Nearly everyone has left. It begins to sink in: The Wedding That Never was. Charlene and Marney sit in the first row looking desponde Samuel approaches Delilah, kneels down next to her.
5) 35) dialog: Leave her be! She needs to do it herself. Samuel backs off.
5) 37) dialog: You mean you don't remember? He left you. The one wearing the tuxedo.
5) 40) dialog: What do you know about it? Do you know what went into putting on this wedding day?!
5) 42) dialog: That's just marvelous. And what did I invest? Nothing at all, right?! Only the fancy wedding invitations, and the registry, and that Godforsaken rehearsal dinner --
5) 44) dialog: Those God-awful programs, and the fittings, and the million alterations on those bloody hoop skirts, and the guest list, and the thank you cards --
5) 46) dialog: And the photographer, and the videographer, and the caterer, and the minister, and the florist, and the band, and that fat slob chauffeur brother of yours, AND a five thousand dollar cake that nobody ate!
5) 66) dialog: (aghast) Oh my word.
7) 0) text: Delilah saunters in. Her hair a tangled, greasy mess. Mirabelle and Charlene eat breakfast at the table.
7) 5) dialog: Delilah, I didn't raise you to talk like that. Delilah pours herself a glass of orange juice.
7) 7) dialog: What are you talking about, for heaven's sake?
27) 2) dialog: What do you think you're doing? Delilah turns. Mirabelle stands in the doorway, arms fold
27) 4) dialog: Oh my God! What is that?! She hoofs it across the room, dodging SlamMan.
27) 5) dialog: Is that a cut? Is it deep?
27) 7) dialog: How did you get it?
27) 9) dialog: You haven't told me anything. I hardly see you anymore. Where've you been going?
27) 12) dialog: If you're telling me you've taken up boxing, I'm gonna go ballistic.
27) 15) dialog: I want that monstrosity out of here! She punches SlamMan in the head. Breaks a nail.
27) 16) dialog: Good heavens. Now look what you've done. This is all your fault!
27) 18) dialog: You must have done something. Said something stupid that upset him for him to do that to you.
31) 0) text: Mirabelle stands with the fridge door open, glaring at Sa
31) 1) dialog: I won't stand for this. It's bad enough we spent thousands of dollars on her wedding and have nothing to show for it. But now she's got this cockamamie idea in her head that's gonna threaten her only asset which is her looks. I won't stand for it. You have to talk to her.
31) 5) dialog: We're not talking hula hoops and yo- yos, Samuel. She's one facial scar away from bagging groceries at the Piggly Wiggly. (slams fridge door) Is that what you want?
47) 0) text: Mirabelle pours a cup of coffee for a WOMAN seated at the table: 40s, white pantsuit, and a pretentious scarf.
47) 2) dialog: So is this something that would pay per assignment, or would she receive an annual salary?
47) 4) dialog: I think she might be coming. (nonchalantly) I am so glad I tried this brand of coffee. Isn't it heavenly? Delilah saunters in, ignoring the people seated at the ta She rests the box of cookies on the counter.
47) 5) dialog: Oh, Delilah. There's someone I'd like you to meet. This is Ms. Williamson. She works for Ciao Belle magazine. Pretentious stands and extends her hand with a flawless s She towers over Delilah.
47) 9) dialog: How does a dream come true sound?
47) 11) dialog: Oh you wouldn't want to sleep through this, Honey. Please, fill my daughter in on all the details.
47) 15) dialog: How does one hundred thousand a year sound for having your picture taken?
47) 17) dialog: Oh now that's the best part. You won't have to box anymore. Isn't that right, Kaleena? Delilah reaches for the box of cookies, stuffs her face.
47) 19) dialog: What in God's name are you doing? Delilah TALKS but every word is indiscernible. 72.
47) 20) dialog: I didn't raise you to be this disrespectful. Delilah tries for a REPLY, but again it's incomprehensibl
47) 21) dialog: Go on, leave. Now! Go box yourself into a corner, why don't you? Delilah delivers an elaborate curtsy and departs with a b queen wave.
49) 0) text: Delilah slugs away on SlamMan, sweat flicking off of her. Mirabelle appears in the doorway, carrying a photo album.
49) 1) dialog: Can I show you something? Delilah stops abruptly, in no mood for Momma's bullshit.
49) 3) dialog: I came across it this morning. Thought you might wanna have a look. She sidles up to Delilah, and opens the
49) 5) dialog: Do you remember? We took you to so many... 75.
49) 7) dialog: They're for special occasions. Just like this. So many years, so much energy and hard work, you devoted. I just want to say... how proud I am of you. (off Delilah's perplexed look) I mean it. How many people do we know come up with one goal today, just to forget about it tomorrow? That's why New Year's resolutions are such a joke. And that's why... it pains me to see you slide.
49) 9) dialog: I never stopped to consider just how traumatic an experience it must've been for you. To be left standing there. That's my fault. I should've known better. It's understandable you'd want an escape route of some kind. And you chose boxing.
49) 11) dialog: Honey, who could blame you for wanting to beat the bejesus out of that boy? I couldn't. It's just awful what he did. But do you really want to throw away everything you worked for?
49) 13) dialog: What? Of course it is.
49) 15) text: Mirabelle She heads 76.
49) 18) dialog: (red alert) Don't you ever use that word on me.
49) 20) dialog: You know what the real shame is in all this?
49) 22) dialog: Charlene. That's right, your sister. You remember her? God knows she's been neglected far too long. I'm just gonna have to find a way to make it up to her. (stretches) Lord knows I'm not gonna be around forever. for the door.
68) 0) text: Delilah and Samuel eat breakfast at the table. Mirabelle washes dishes.
68) 4) dialog: People should know when they're making total fools of themselves.
68) 7) dialog: You're unbelievable, you two. I think you may have retired a bit too early, Samuel. You have far too much time on your hands.
68) 11) dialog: 
68) 15) dialog: You can ignore me all you want. But there will be NO boxing match at this house. Is that understood? I won't stand for it. 98.