18) 12) dialog: Oh hush. My name's Romeo. I could never wear that color yellow, but it looks divine on you.
18) 14) dialog: Oh, I made these myself. I'd be happy to make you a --
21) 0) text: Delilah, in a sea foam green sweatsuit with matching sweatband, practices her jab in front of the mirror. No makeup today. Romeo passes on his way to the ring.
21) 1) dialog: Looking good there.
25) 8) dialog: You go, darlin'!
39) 0) text: Delilah, in neon green, practices slips by dodging the weighted end of a swinging rope. Romeo jumps rope nearby.
39) 1) dialog: Did you catch Project Runway last night?
39) 3) dialog: Man, that guy Vernon's crazy. He had his nose so far up that judge's ass, if she sneezed he would've died.
44) 0) text: A sold-out CROWD looks on as Delilah battles GLADYS THE GRAVEDIGGER, 36, spiky blonde hair, the bizarro Delilah. Delilah throws three lightning lefts- each of them, strik 66. Gladys returns fire with a straight right that clears Delilah's sinuses. She adjusts her headgear. A one-two combination from Delilah throttles Gladys, but she's late returning to guard and pays for it in spades. Delilah's rhythm turns haphazard again. Gladys sees that she's off balance and capitalizes with a mean left hook. The BELL. Hank sets down a stool and goes to work applyin Vaseline, Romeo waters down Delilah.
44) 2) dialog: Kick her ass, Delilah. This one's got no sense of style whatsoever. Tandy takes her sweet time entering the ring.
44) 10) dialog: (hugs Delilah) She looked just like you. Except older, fatter, and on crack.
44) 16) dialog: (chanting) DELILAH... It finally dawns on Delilah that Tandy's not in the ring. She scans the arena. Her smile wilts when she spots Tandy heading down the aisle toward the showers.
69) 2) text: 1) Delilah whales on a heavy bag that Hank holds. 2) She spars with Romeo who fears for his life. 3) Slice applies makeup in the mirror. Behind her, Delila nods her head approvingly. 4) Delilah does incline presses. Tandy spots her.
69) 5) dialog: Is our show on tonight?
69) 7) dialog: Those bastards! 99. 7) With MUSIC playing, she waltzes with Tandy in the ring Slice waltzes with Hank outside the ring. 8) Delilah thrashes SlamMan, still in his tux. 9) She jogs through the streets of Savannah, passes Vendo selling vegetables. Delilah swipes a peach. She turns, throws up a Hail Mary. The peach hits the Vend in the chest, all over his white shirt. He's tickled pink 10) Delilah's jog continues. She tails away from the crow from the noise, from just about everything, chasing a sun
75) 25) dialog: This guy takes it in the ass, Delilah. Believe me. They all turn to look at Romeo.