0) 0) text: The camera swoops towards the entrance, then dives inside past a couple of tough-looking soldier ants who stand at gates of the ant colony like insect bouncers...into an ac tunnel that snakes this way and that, past a row of ants plodding along... ...and into the MAIN CHAMBER of the colony, a huge, teemi vista that seems to stretch away forever, filled with ant rushing here and there on their business.  We see -- a "traffic cop" directing foot traffic, waving his arms lik crazy so both sides move at once -- a column of soldier a marching along in formation -- a chain of ants letting do a matchbox elevator filled with workers.
0) 1) dialog: ...which is kind of a problem, since I've always felt uncomfortably in crowds.
1) 0) text: We join Z, a worker ant with issues.  He's lying on a cou recounting his woes.
1) 1) dialog: I feel...isolated.  Different.  I've got abandonment issues.  My father flew away when I was just a larva. My mother didn't have much time for me...when you have five million siblings, it's difficult to get attention. (pause)
1) 4) text: Terrific!  You should feel insignificant! For the first time, we see the ant MOTIVATIONAL COUNSELLO He's a mixture of Tony Robbins and Ron Popiel (the hyperactive late-night TV huckster, and founder of "Ronco Z
1) 6) text: YES!!!  You know, people ask me, "Doctor, why are you always happy?" And I tell them it's mind over matter.  I don't mind that I don't matter!  Do you get it?  Do you get it? Z gives a fake smile. MOTIVATIONAL COUNSELLOR (incredibly "up")
1) 7) text: Z, we're part of the fastest growing species in the whole world! The counsellor rolls down a chart from the wall.  An arro shows ant population going up, up, up. MOTIVATIONAL COUNSELLOR
1) 8) text: Ask me why we're so successful. Z
1) 11) text: What do you see out there? Z
1) 14) text: You see?  Being an ant is being able to say, "Hey -- I'm meaningless, you're meaningless." Z
1) 15) text: But -- but I've always felt life was about finding meaning...and then sharing it with someone special, someone you love. The motivational counsellor puts his arm on Z's shoulder. seems to understand... MOTIVATIONAL COUNSELLOR
1) 16) text: Z...you need help. (looking at a clock)
1) 17) text: Whoops!  We're gonna have to stop there.  Your minute is up! The counsellor ushers Z out of his seat and towards the d MOTIVATIONAL COUNSELLOR
2) 0) text: A gigantic tunnel, with the size and scale of the "Chunne A banner strung overhead reads: "The Mega-Tunnel -- Tunne Our Way to a Bright Future!"  Along the walls hang 50's w incentive style posters with messages like, "You asked fo it, you got it -- more work!" and "TWO MEALS A WEEK IS ENOUGH!!!"  Line after line of ants is working on the tun digging, passing clumps of dirt from ant to ant, everyone synchronized. CLOSE on a clump of DIRT being passed from hand to hand.
2) 2) text: Hello?!  Earth to Z!  You better snap out of it, or there's gonna be a lot of pissed off ants! Z looks back, and sees the ants behind staring at him ang Z (snapping out of it)
2) 3) text: Sorry Azteca.  Here you go, fellas! Fresh dirt!  Alley oop! (looking at the dirt)
2) 4) text: Shouldn't we be wearing gloves?  I mean this dirt is very...dirty. Doesn't anyone think of hygiene? (Z's stomach growls)
2) 5) text: Boy am I hungry.  I'm so hungry I'm seeing double.  It looks like there's two million ants in here.  When's lunch?  Tomorrow, or the day after? AZTECA (sweetly)
2) 6) text: Z, old pal... (shouts)
2) 7) text: SHUT UP!!!  It's bad enough there's a food shortage without you complaining about it every day. Z
2) 8) text: The squeaky wheel gets the oil. AZTECA
2) 9) text: No, Z.  The squeaky wheel gets thrown away, alright?  You're a good ant, Z, even though you are a pain in my rear- segment.  I don't wanna see anything happen to you.  So quit mouthing off, before you get in trouble. A WHISTLE BLOWS. Z
2) 10) text: Thank goodness.  Breaktime. All the ants put down their tools.  A beat.  Then the WHI BLOWS AGAIN.  All the ants pick up their tools again. AZTECA (resigned)
2) 11) text: Break's over. Z (getting back to work)
2) 12) text: This colony needs another tunnel like a hole in the ground.  Why are we even digging this thing? AZTECA
2) 13) text: Who cares, Z.  All I know is, we gotta dig.  We're not the ones in charge.
4) 13) text: General Formica! PRINCESS BALA hurries through a second doorway, carrying swatch book.  Something about her sets her apart from the HANDMAIDEN ANTS with her.  Her tiara, probably. Formica tilts his head quizzically to Carpenter behind hi CARPENTER (sotto)
4) 28) text: Outstanding.  Princess...? Bala's a little fazed...but grabs her chance. BALA
6) 0) text: A long bar filled with ants.  The bar itself seems to str for miles, and there are hundreds of ants trying to get a drink...unfortunately, there's only one bartender.  Z is the bar with WEAVER, a burly ant soldier. Z
6) 3) text: I'll be back. The BARTENDER, a grizzled veteran, slaps down what looks a couple of large green beer mugs.  Actually, they're aph little green critters he fills up from a number of kegs hanging from the ceiling.  The kegs are specialized ants hugely distended stomachs, which spray liquid into the ap APHIDS (as they're slapped on bar)
6) 5) text: Two aphid beers. Z (as Bartender leaves)
6) 7) text: I don't know what you're talking about, Z. Z
6) 9) text: Yeah, but you get to spend all day with those fabulous worker babes. We can see that Weaver is eyeing a nearby table of "Worke Babes", including Z's friend Azteca. Z
6) 13) text: Don't you want your aphid beer? Z
6) 14) text: I can't help it.  I have a thing about drinking from the anus of another creature.  Call me crazy. WEAVER
6) 15) text: Z, we've known each other a long time, right? Z
6) 17) text: And all the time I've known you, you've been grumping and groaning. You should quit making waves.  Go with the flow. Z
6) 18) text: Weaver, I'm an insect, not a liquid. Down the bar, there's a commotion.  A grizzled old SCOUT has had too much to drink. DRUNK SCOUT
6) 21) text: It's Insectopia!  Insectopia! Z
6) 26) text: You've had enough for one night! Come on, Gramps, before you get in trouble. The soldiers pull him from the bar, carrying him out. Z (excited)
7) 6) text: Then if I go to the worker bar, it isn't improper.  Anyway, don't worry. No one will recognize us in our disguises. She adjusts her "disguise", a hardhat, tied down Jackie O style with an ant's version of a Chanel scarf. BALA
7) 8) text: Okay, folks.  It's six-fifteen, and that means it's time to dance. Every ant gets up to dance.  Weaver turns to Z. WEAVER (draining his beer)
7) 9) text: Time to cut a rug, Z! Z
7) 16) text: I know. The handmaidens are appalled.  Bala whirls away from them sets her sights and searches the crowd -- zeroing in on - Z, who's watching the other ants dance. Z
7) 17) text: What a bunch of losers.  Mindless zombies capitulating to an oppressive system -- BALA
7) 18) text: Wanna dance? Bala's standing right there.  Z is instantly smitten. Z
7) 20) text: Just let me finish my beer. Not breaking eye contact with Bala, Z smiles suavely. Reaches suavely for a beer.  Suavely grabs the candle in glass jar off the bar.  Suavely singes his face. He plays it off with a rakish little laugh.  A bit apprehensive, Bala heads onto the floor.  Z follows her. Z
7) 22) text: I work in the palace, I don't get out much. Z
7) 24) text: What? Z and Bala step onto the dance floor with the rest of the ants, but Z can't do any of the steps. Z
7) 25) text: Now, let's see, I -- it's been a while since I -- I think you -- Bala watches Z, trying to follow along.  It's the blind leading the blind, as Z tries in vain to follow the barke rapid instructions. Z
7) 26) text: Here, I'll lead. Z starts doing his own, individual dance.  With a suave expression on his face, he leads Bala in a helter-skelter mixture-of Tango, Charleston, and hand-jive. BALA
7) 27) text: Are you sure this is a real dance? Z
7) 29) text: Really? Z
7) 31) text: You're right! Z (surprised)
7) 33) text: Why can't I just do whatever I want to do?  Why can't I just go wild?! Yahoo! Bala starts to get into it, making up her own steps in re to Z's, loosening up, having fun.  For a moment, the two them are actually sexy together.  Then they get a little wild -- and the other ants, who are still doing their intricate dance, start to collide with Bala and Z.  Z alm knocks over a big soldier ant.  We can only see the ant's back at the moment. SOLDIER
7) 34) text: Hey!  Watch your step, worker. Z has turned around to see the soldier ant, MAJOR MANDIBL glaring at him.  Mandible is about twice Z's size.  He's one eye missing, and half of his left antenna his been ch off. BALA
7) 35) text: You watch yours, soldier, or my worker friend will beat you up! Z (terrified)
7) 37) text: Are you crazy?  This guy's built like a pebble! (ineptly trying to placate the soldier)
7) 39) text: Aren't you gonna stand up for yourself? Z's caught between a rock and a hard place.  He doesn't w to get beaten up, but on the other hand, he doesn't want lose face in front of Bala.  More soldiers have gathered around, looking hostile. SOLDIER
7) 40) text: How come you don't dance like the rest of us? Z glances over at Bala.  Then, shaking with nervousness, says defiantly... Z
7) 44) text: Hey, lay off my little buddy! Z, meanwhile, looks far away, ecstatic, as if he's just realized something very important.  Unfortunately, just a this moment, A soldier pushes Weaver...Weaver pushes him back...somebody makes a dive for Z -- and before you know there's a regular bar brawl going on, with Weaver in the middle of it, cracking heads together, punching ants in t face, having a great time.  Just then, the Princess' handmaidens hurries over. HANDMAIDEN #1
7) 45) text: Princess Bala!  Princess Bala! Z, who's scrabbling around on the floor, overhears. Z
7) 48) text: Uh oh. (to Z)
7) 49) text: Goodbye!  Gotta run! Z
7) 52) text: Never.  Bye! Bala rushes off with her handmaiden, just before a squad whistle-blowing POLICE wade into the crowd. Z
7) 53) text: Wait!  Princess!  Wait! But she's already gone, leaving Z holding her scarf.
8) 0) text: Z is talking to Weaver, who's getting ready to go off to Nearby, columns of ant soldiers march by. WEAVER
8) 1) text: Get real, Z!  She just dropped the scarf by accident! Z
8) 3) text: It's a sign that you're crazy!  Do you know what the penalty for impersonating a soldier is? Z
8) 5) text: tea and crumpets... and you take your place again, and go march around to your heart's content! Weaver looks unconvinced. Z
8) 7) text: I can't think of any. Z (pause)
8) 9) text: Will you introduce me to some worker girls? Z
8) 12) text: You know, Z, I wouldn't do this for anyone but you... Weaver hands Z has helmet. WEAVER
8) 13) text: Wear this. Z (overjoyed)
8) 15) text: Yeah, I know. Z
8) 17) text: Don't tell anyone you're a worker. Follow that column over there.  And come right back after the inspection! Weaver points to a bunch of soldiers hurrying by in forma Z (overjoyed)
8) 18) text: Thanks!  I owe you! Z skips off and joins the column, marching in time with t soldiers but too excited to keep from jazzing it up a lit
9) 0) text: The ant army has gathered in a huge HALL in front of a reviewing stand.  We can hear the murmuring of thousands soldiers -- but all we can see is a HUGE POSTER of an ant General pointing right at the camera.  The poster reads, "GENERAL FORMICA WANTS YOU -- to obey". Z turns to some of the soldiers near him. Z
9) 1) text: Any of you guys know when the Princess will show up?  She's kind of a personal friend. The soldiers look at Z like he's nuts. LOUD VOICE
9) 3) text: First of all, let me make one thing clear.  Nobody ever won a battle by thinking for himself.  All this "thinking" stuff is a load of crap. If the almighty had wanted you boys to think, he wouldn't have given you huge mandibles and a brain so small you'd misplace it if it wasn't trapped inside your head. In the audience, Z starts laughing -- he thinks Formica's just made a joke. Z (slapping his thigh)
9) 4) text: "Trapped inside your head" -- that's a good one -- Z notices nobody else is laughing.  He stops. Z
9) 5) text: Geez -- tough room. From the stage, Formica is squinting at the audience, try to make out who was laughing, but there are just too many ants.  He continues. FORMICA (striding back and forth)
9) 7) text: Hell, we're not an army of ants...we're one giant ant, with giant fists, and giant jaws! The soldiers CHEER!  Z CHEERS along with the rest of them Z (to the soldier ant next to him)
9) 9) text: Now I've heard a lot of scuttlebutt about a food shortage.  Well you boys are gonna be taken care of.  But in the meantime we're gonna eat the enemy for breakfast, we are gonna eat the enemy for lunch, and we are gonna eat the enemy for dinner! Z
9) 10) text: Geez, and I forgot my toothbrush. FORMICA (reflective moment)
9) 12) text: And I know each and every one of you boys will do your duty.  Dismissed. Z applauds and whistles as the other ants look at him in confusion. Z (clapping)
9) 14) text: Stow the gab there, soldier!  Let's move 'em out! The soldiers turn to the right and start to march out pas the reviewing stand. A COLONEL marches at the head of Z's column as Z looks ar for the Princess. COLONEL
9) 15) text: Eyes...left! Finally, as Z's part of the army marches past the end of reviewing stand, he sees her, looking bored, standing nex to the Queen, who is giving the royal wave. Z (waving)
9) 16) text: Princess!  Princess Bala!  Hey!  It's me!  Z!  I've got your scarf! ON THE REVIEWING STAND, Bala sees Z -- that is to say, sh sees one of the thousands upon thousands of ants marching by... BALA (peering out)
9) 18) text: Darling, you must encourage the troops -- wave! Bala waves unenthusiastically, little more than flopping hand back and forth on her wrist. Down below, Z takes this as a sign that Bala has seen him Z (excited)
9) 19) text: Excuse me, guys -- That's my date. Well, it's been fun.  Have a great war! Z tries to squeeze his way back towards the royals, but h surrounded by a solid wall of soldiers -- and they're carrying him along with them. Z
9) 20) text: Hey!  Wait! Z loses sight of the Princess as he's carried away. BARBATUS, a hard-as-nails "grunt" soldier ant, taps Z on shoulder. BARBATUS
9) 21) text: You new, kid? Z
9) 23) text: Trial membership?  Kid, when you join this ant's army, you're in for the full hitch. At that moment, Z is swept out of the cramped corridor they've been marching along, as the army emerges into the OPEN AIR outside of the colony.
10) 0) text: It's a starry, moonlit night.  The shadows crowd around t panicked Z, who looks up at the sky as we see the army on march... Z
10) 1) text: Wait a minute, there's been a mistake!  I've got to get back to the colony! Z starts to fall out of line, but Barbatus, looking concerned, stops him. BARBATUS
10) 2) text: Are you crazy, kid?  They shoot deserters! Z swallows hard. BARBATUS
10) 3) text: You just stick by old Barbatus. He'll watch out for you. (off Z's look)
10) 4) text: Whatsamatter, kid?  Leave a girl behind? Z
10) 7) text: No -- we're going to attack the termites! Z (alarmed)
10) 8) text: Attack?  But -- I hate attacking! It's so hostile! Around Z and Barbatus, the ants start up a marching song, which we intersperse with dialogue between Barbatus and Z form a montage/time-cut as the ant army marches on to the termite capital. ANT SOLDIERS (to the tune of "When Johnny Comes Marching Home")
10) 9) text: We ants go marching one by one, hurrah, hurrah!  We slaughter termites just for fun, Hurrah! Hurrah! Z
10) 12) text: We ants go marching two by two, hurrah!  Hurrah!  We'll all be dead before we're through, hurrah!  Hurrah! Montage shots of an ant column marching diagonally across screen, fading into another column marching diagonally downwards across the screen... Z
10) 15) text: We ants are marching three by three, hurrah!  Hurrah!  Dead ants is what we soon will be, hurrah!  Hurrah! ...montage shot of Z's column crossing a bridge composed living ants -- all of whom look extremely uncomfortable a they're getting stepped on... Z
11) 0) text: Z looks up to see...looming high above them...the TERMITE CITY, which is built in the stump of a dead tree.  From h it looks like a demonic Mount Fuji.  The COLONEL ANT shou an order. COLONEL
11) 2) text: Over the TOOOOOOOOOOOOO-OP!!! Z is swept along and up the side of the stump as thousand ants invade the colony through every possible entrance. Up...over the lip of the stump...and down inside, to the middle of the termite colony... Into a disquietingly peaceful scene.   They're in the mid of the hollowed-out trunk, and ants keep pouring in -- bu there's not a termite to be seen.  Barbatus looks around suspiciously. BARBATUS
11) 3) text: It's too damn quiet. Then we hear a strange tapping noise.  Barbatus looks ove and sees that Z's teeth are chattering with fear. BARBATUS
11) 4) text: Don't be scared, kid.  Barbatus's got yer back. Z (petrified)
11) 7) text: They're here!!! BARBATUS (to Z)
11) 8) text: Keep your head down! Within moments, Z finds himself in the middle of a BLOODBATH.  The ants have broken into the colony, but are taking heavy losses from the gigantic, blind, acid-spewin termites.  The battle scene is as sprawling and chaotic a something out of Braveheart. In a few QUICK SHOTS from Z' perspective, we see: -- A squad of ants rushes towards a termite soldier, but literally melted into smoking heaps of flesh by a jet of from its forehead... -- A termite warrior is overwhelmed by a crowd of ants an pulled to pieces with hideous ripping sounds... -- Another termite warrior takes on an ant soldier one on and slowly crushes his head in his huge jaws... Z (looking around)
11) 9) text: Guys!  Guys!  It isn't too late for all of us to just talk this over! Just then, a termite burst up from the ground and turns t face Z.  Z is dwarfed by this hulking, roaring, drooling monstrosity. Z
11) 13) text: Don't get all sappy about it! As Barbatus and some other soldiers kill the termite, the Colonel strides up to Z, puffing on a cigar. COLONEL
11) 14) text: I love the smell of formic acid in the morning. Z
11) 15) text: Look out! A stream of termite acid engulfs the colonel, instantly burning him to a cinder clutching a still-burning cigar; paratroop buddies turn in terror to see a herd of termite rumbling towards them.  Z, terrified, dives into the hole that the huge termite made...
12) 0) text: ...and tumbles headlong into a corridor of the termite mo The corridors here are primitive, caveman-like, pocked wi jagged access holes. No sooner has Z landed in the tunnel than a termite comes burrowing out from one of the side walls, snapping at Z's head.  Z just avoids getting decapitated, and digs straig through the wall in order to escape...
13) 0) text: ...straight into the hub of the entire termite complex -- Queen's chamber.  This is nothing like the civilized cour the ant colony -- it's a huge, stinking, fetid dungeon wh walls are held up by one massive (to Z) column of piled stones. The termite queen, a repulsive, slimy, squirming, foot-lo monster, is attended by a crew of diminutive, blind termi nurses.  The queen turns to look Z right in the eye. Z
13) 1) text: Excuse me.  I seem to be lost, and I was wondering if you could give me -- Before Z can say, "directions", the queen gives out a piercing, blood-curdling shriek.  The nurses start shriek too. Z (backing away)
13) 2) text: I'll let myself out. But the queen's shriek has summoned a soldier termite -- biggest one we've seen yet -- who is charging headlong at jaws snapping open and shut like huge scissors. Z (backing away)
13) 3) text: Shoo! -- Torro!  Torro! At the last moment, Z jumps out of the way -- and the ter runs headfirst into the supporting column of the chamber. if on a spring release, the termite's jaws clamp shut -- shatter the base of the column.  The walls of the room be to rumble... The termite turns to eat Z...but is crushed by a stone falling from the ceiling, which gives a final shudder and collapses, raining earth and stones down on the queen. As the walls of the chamber crumble, melees of ants and termites pour into the room from the corridors around and above...they keep struggling until... ANT OFFICER (points at Z)
13) 4) text: He's killed their Queen! Z
14) 0) text: Z makes his way across the corpse-strewn battlefield, an expression of horror on his face. BARBATUS (O.S.)
14) 1) text: Z!  Over here! Z (hopeful)
14) 2) text: Barbatus? Z looks down at his feet, where Barbatus's still-living, decapitated head is looking up at him. Z (shocked)
14) 4) text: Be honest, kid -- am I hurt bad? Z
14) 6) text: No -- I can see it in your eyes.  I'm a goner.  It's alright, Z.  In this ant's army, a soldier's life ain't worth a sack of fungus. (he winces)
14) 7) text: I can't feel my legs... Z
14) 9) text: I wonder...what...was it all...for... Z
14) 11) text: Don't make my mistake, kid... don't...be a grunt...your whole life... Barbatus dies, leaving Z heartbroken.
15) 0) text: Weaver is "passing" as a worker, working alongside much smaller worker ants.  He actually loves the work.  He's throwing up dirt like a bulldozer.  He's so enthusiastic, scoops up a WHOLE ANT in his shovel and tosses him aside. Azteca, who's standing next to him in line, is shocked by and a little attracted to, this turbo-worker. AZTECA
15) 2) text: I'm new...I was born yesterday. AZTECA
15) 4) text: Nobody told me digging was so much fun!  You pick up the dirt, you move it, you pick it up again, you move it again -- lots of repetitions, you exercise the forceps, and the pincers -- AZTECA (ogling him)
15) 5) text: Mmm, yes, I see what you mean... While Azteca is checking out the hunky new worker, work h effectively stopped...clods are piling up behind Weaver. Foreman comes striding down the line, furious. FOREMAN
15) 8) text: Who said you could have a chat? You're not a chatter, you're a digger!  So shut up and dig! AZTECA
15) 10) text: You  too?  Well just for that, you lose your day's rations!  Now get back to work! The Foreman heads down the line, shoving and berating the other workers as he goes along. AZTECA (surprised at herself)
15) 11) text: I don't know what came over me, talking back like that.  I must be going crazy... WEAVER
15) 12) text: Sorry I got you in trouble.  But listen, you can share my rations. AZTECA (flirting)
15) 14) text: No -- I mean yes -- I mean -- if you don't have other plans. AZTECA
15) 15) text: I'll make myself available...Listen, better watch out with the backtalk.  I don't know want you to end up like the guy who used to work next to me.  I'm afraid he got... downsized.
17) 1) text: The army's returned!  Our brave boys are back! (etc.) Everyone waves little flags as the tuba player Oompah-oom oompahs... ...and Z walks into the hall, looking bedraggled and exhausted, his helmet hanging over his ears. The band slows to a halt. At the edge of the crowd, Azteca, sitting on Weaver's shoulders, can just about see over the crowd. AZTECA
17) 3) text: Poor Z -- I should never have let you go! Far down the hall, Z is describing the battle. Z
17) 7) text: Damn, I'm proud of you, boy.  I wish I had a hundred ants of your caliber. The world would tremble.  Now, time for some R and R.  You're invited to the royal victory party! Z
17) 9) text: Of course.  The entire royal family will be there to honor you. Z (thinks)
17) 11) text: Wait a minute, that's no soldier -- that's Z! WEAVER
17) 12) text: Z?  Our Z?  The little guy made it! Z is following Formica away from the cheering crowd.
18) 0) text: Z and Formica are going up the royal "stairway" together. FORMICA
18) 1) text: Son, you're an ant after my own heart.  A warrior.  An ant that looks death right in the face and laughs. Z
18) 3) text: Well she better -- she's engaged to one.  Me! Z
18) 5) text: Affirmative. Z
18) 8) text: I'm just a plain old soldier at heart.  I'll tell you what I love -- the field -- blood -- death -- orders...and the company of other warriors. Formica gives Z a manly slap on the back.  Z looks a litt uncomfortable as we...
19) 0) text: Z follows Formica and Carpenter into the throne room.  At end of the hall, a society band is playing.  The room is of courtier ants and officers. Waiters are gliding around holding trays of hors d'ouevre Z
19) 2) text: Yes, and do you know why there's a food shortage? Z
19) 4) text: Negatory.  Too many ants.  And while we soldiers go out there, and fight, and bleed, and die for the colony, the namby-pamby workers live it up back home. Feeling a little hot, Z wipes his brow. Z
19) 6) text: I tell you son, sometimes, at night, I see myself in battle, fighting a horrible, faceless enemy, with the future of our whole species at stake. And always, the dream ends with each of us plunging his sword into the other's heart... Z (spooked)
19) 7) text: Oh, hey, that's great, I think I see an old war buddy over there, it's been fun chatting.  Good luck with the hallucinations. Z escapes from Formica, who gazes after him suspiciously. Z mingles in with the crowd, then he sees Princess Bala standing with a group of officers who are eating hors d'oeuvres. OFFICER (telling a joke)
19) 9) text: Who cares?  They're workers! The officers laugh, but Bala looks bored in this stuffy social scene. Z
19) 10) text: But...don't you think the worker class is the very foundation of the colony -- (realizes he's getting odd looks)
19) 12) text: You're the hero of the recent termite campaign, aren't you? Z
19) 13) text: Well, if single-handedly vanquishing the enemy and slaughtering a whole nestful of termites makes someone a hero, yes I am. Z reaches for a tray of canapes that a waiter is carrying and KNOCKS the whole thing CLATTERING to the ground. Z (feigning nonchalance)
19) 15) text: I'm Princess Bala. Z
19) 18) text: Yes. Z (deflated)
19) 19) text: Oh...oh well then, one more won't matter. She moves towards the dance floor.  Z spit-combs his antennae, struts after her -- until he trips on his sword He tumbles, falls, but hops to his feet just as Bala turn toward him, turning it into a ballet plies. Z
19) 23) text: But there's something funny about that soldier. Formica strides over to where Z and Bala are dancing. FORMICA (glowering)
19) 24) text: May I cut in? Z (intimidated)
19) 25) text: Oh, of course -- BALA (pulling Z back)
19) 26) text: No, General.  I'm dancing with the war hero. Z (trying to placate Formica)
19) 27) text: Uh, sorry, General, I...I've always had this animal magnetism, it -- Bala YANKS Z back onto the dance floor, dancing away from Formica. BALA
19) 28) text: You dance... Z
19) 31) text: He was swarthy...primitive... earthy...sensual. As she says these things, Z tries to act accordingly. BALA
19) 32) text: He was a worker.  I danced with him at a worker's bar just the other day. I'm not shocking you, am I? Z (proudly)
19) 38) text: Quiet -- sshhh!! Z (digging it in)
19) 41) text: What's this?  A worker has been masquerading as a war hero?! Z
19) 44) text: Can't we all settle this like adults -- we're not larvae anymore -- Angry officers begin to surround Z, who hides behind Bala fear, using her as a shield. QUEEN
19) 45) text: Oh my god!  He's taking her hostage! Z
19) 46) text: No I'm not -- I mean -- nobody move! Or the Princess gets it! People shout and scream, as Z backs up with the Princess...into the kitchen.
20) 0) text: Z backs up into the kitchen, still pulling Bala along wit him.  Here, ant chefs are preparing food for the party, vomiting little florets onto a platter.  Formica and the soldiers follow them in. Z (to Formica)
20) 1) text: Stay back, you lunatic!  Do you think I don't know how to use this? Z realizes that he's pointing his finger at them. Z
20) 2) text: Uh-oh. The officers rush for...and Z, with Bala in tow, falls backwards into an opening marked, "GARBAGE".
21) 0) text: HOLD ON: the GARBAGE CHUTE EXIT.  Nothing happens for a moment.  Then -- From a distance, we hear the faint sound of SCREAMING, dopplering closer -- -- and then Z and Bala come flying out of the exit, right into the mud, cutting off the scream abruptly. Bala sits up, coated in mud.  Z is nowhere to be seen. Because she's on top of him. PRINCESS
21) 1) text: This is thoroughly unacceptable! Z
21) 3) text: I'm coming!  I'm coming! But...just as Bala'a about to be rescued...what looks lik gigantic LASER BEAM sweeps along the rim of the colony, sizzling the ground as it moves along...and IGNITES the l soldier into FLAMES!  Bala looks stunned. Z watches in horror as another soldier ant is FRIED, and look up to see a GIGANTIC MAGNIFYING GLASS casting the beam...we can just about make out the huge, grotesque fig (a seven year old kid) holding it. Bala, who has no idea what's really going on, turns from colony and runs the other way. BALA
21) 4) text: I'm going!  I'm going' ...unfortunately, this draws the fire of the laser, which follows after her in what looks like a strafing run, SIZZ in her footsteps. Z, who's running towards the princess, suddenly realizes he's running towards certain doom...and joins Bala in leg it away from the colony; under a brown leaf, which bursts into flames...between the redwood-like stalks of some flowers...and finally into the relative safety of some grass...where they throw themselves on the ground, exhaus
22) 0) text: Z and Bala dust themselves off. BALA
22) 1) text: What was that thing? Z
22) 3) text: I order you to find out where we are! Z
22) 4) text: Alright, alright, I'll try to get directions from one of the locals. Z tries to flag down some passing bees. Z
22) 8) text: Climb up that tree and get a better view! Bala points to a thin blade of grass.  Gingerly, Z tests grass and starts climbing up it...but his weight bends it that he's lowered back to the ground, face to upside-down face with Bala. BALA
22) 9) text: I've been kidnapped by the village idiot. Z
22) 11) text: How dare you speak to me like that? I'm the Princess! Z squares up with her. Z
22) 13) text: Of course!  It defines society!  To deny the precept is to say that order is an arbitrary distinction applied by the society itself! Z
22) 15) text: No!  There's no such thing as "just two ants."  You never see just two ants -- you see a million ants! Z
22) 16) text: Look around, sweetheart. She looks around.  She doesn't like what she sees.  She glowers at Z. BALA
22) 17) text: I -- hate -- you. Z
22) 19) text: Ha!  Don't make me laugh.  You're crazy about me!  That's why you lied and cheated to get near me! Z
22) 21) text: I was slumming it!  I danced with you because you were the most pathetic specimen in the place! Z
22) 25) text: Now, worker, you shall take me back to the colony, and have your head cut off and stuck on a sharp pole! Z
22) 28) text: Insectopia?  You stupid worker, that's just a fairy tale! Z
22) 32) text: Worker!  Come back here now! Z
22) 33) text: I've got a name.  It's Z. BALA
22) 34) text: That's not a name!  That's just a letter! Z, meanwhile, hits the road.  Bala has no idea of where t go.  Just then, the scariness of the outside world comes through to her. We start hearing NOISES -- the equivalent of scary jungle sounds in a Tarzan movie -- the HISSING, CROAKING, CHIRRUPING... Bala sees eyes looking out at her from all directions...and spots a colossal monster (a sparrow) fix her with his beady gaze. BALA (clears her throat)
22) 37) text: Z?  Z?  Wait for me!!! Bala heads off after Z.
23) 0) text: The mass of worker ants are swinging pick-axes in the tun The foreman moves up the line, BERATING the workers, yell at them to dig faster. AZTECA
23) 3) text: You know, you're not just workers -- you can be whatever you want to be! Look at Z!  He started as a worker -- then he became a soldier! AZTECA
23) 8) text: Well, because he's more than a worker...he's a...what did he call it, Azteca... AZTECA
23) 12) text: Well, it's...someone with his own point of view...someone who does what he wants, not whatever he's told to do! AZTECA (eyes lit up, watching Weaver)
23) 13) text: Someone who follows his heart! WEAVER (taking Azteca's hand)
23) 18) dialog: Weaver and Azteca hold hands.  More ants are gathering around, dropping their tools...
24) 0) text: LONG SHOT.  A glimmering desert landscape (think of "The Sun's Anvil" in Lawrence of Arabia).  Two small figures c be seen, tiny dots moving across the arid whiteness. They're Bala and Z, who are crossing a concrete path in t park, which they perceive to be a "desert". BALA
24) 1) text: Water...water... Z
24) 3) text: My skin's dry, my exoskeleton is cracking...I wish I'd never met you, you ruined my life. Z
24) 4) text: I ruined your life?  Look, I was perfectly happy until I met you -- alright, I was miserable, but I was happily miserable. Over Z's line, we can see a GIGANTIC WHEEL, getting large and larger and heading right towards them, a GIGANTIC WHE (the front wheel of a bicycle which is heading right towa them). BALA
24) 5) text: Look out! Bala pushes Z out of the way just as the wheel rolls past with a cacophonous CRUNCHING, GRINDING noise -- like a gigantic millwheel. BALA
24) 6) text: We're going to die! Z
24) 7) text: Come on -- it's gone!  What are the chances of that happening again? No sooner has he said it than the rear wheel of the bike thunders past. Z
24) 9) text: Why didn't I listen to my mother ...why'd I have to go looking for trouble? Any ant would have given their left legs to be in my position...what's wrong with me? Z
24) 11) text: Wait, I hear something! We can, in fact, hear a low, musical PLUNK.. there's a pa and then we can hear it again... Z and Bala walk over a rocky "dune" (the soft shoulder of path).  Beyond, the grass starts up again.  They have com the end of the "desert" (i.e. the other side of the path) Through the blades of grass, we can see... Z
25) 0) text: A LAKE (a puddle) stretches before them.  It is, in fact, overflow of a drinking-fountain whose drain is jammed...a and Bala run to the lake, water dribbles from the fountai and into one edge of the pool (to the ants, it's a waterf Bala and Z run to the edge of the water and start slurpin They smile at each other, until they remember that they d like each other. Z
25) 2) text: Cut me down a soft leaf so I can take a nap. Z
25) 3) text: Listen, "Princess", you can't order me around.  Out here, you're not the boss anymore -- out here, you're just -- -- But before he can finish, a water droplet from the fountain falls on him.  It may not sound like much, but t it's as though a ten-foot diameter sphere of jello had engulfed him. Z's stuck inside because of the surface tension of the droplet, which doesn't burst, just quivers up and down. Inside, Z is slowly, frantically drowning and screaming f help.  But his screams are muffled in the water. BALA (annoyed)
25) 4) text: Out here I'm just what? Z (through the water)
25) 6) text: Stop fooling around in there. By now the droplet has started rolling, and Z is being tu upside-down.  He manages to get one foreleg out of the droplet, and, in a frantic attempt to pull himself out, p Bala in by the leg. BALA
25) 7) text: Let me go!!! But it's too late -- they're now both stuck in the drople and, as Z continues to drown, he also has to deal with Ba yelling at him -- though we can't hear exactly what it. i she's yelling through the water. Then, having run out of air, she too starts thrashing, alternately trying to swim and trying to slap him as Z tr to defend himself.  Finally all this commotion is enough make the droplet burst, spilling the two coughing, sputtering, drenched ants onto the ground. They both lie there, miserable, wet, and cold. BALA (chants to herself)
25) 8) text: I'm going to be rescued soon.  I'm going to be rescued soon.  I'm going to be rescued soon. Z watches her incredulously. Z
25) 10) text: General Formica won't let me die out here.  I'm his fiancee. Z
25) 12) text: Five thousand three hundred and ninety -- no.  About five thousand four hundred by now. Z
25) 14) text: Well...no, but -- Z
25) 16) text: Well...I am the oldest. Bala turns from Z.  She's thinking things over, realizati dawning on her. BALA
25) 18) text: You're right.  There are as many Princesses...as there are blades of grass. Z, overhearing her, slowly puts his hand on her shoulder.
26) 3) dialog: A worker moves forward to join the strikers, tossing down tool. FOREMAN (yelling at him)
26) 5) text: Buzz off, I'm important! (joining the others)
26) 6) dialog: At the center of the group, Weaver and Azteca are holding hands, leading the chant. FORMICA
27) 1) text: So this Z...he fancies himself an individual? WEAVER
27) 2) text: Yeah...I mean...well...I don't know, really, sir. FORMICA (patronizing)
27) 7) text: So tell me.  Where's Z? WEAVER
27) 14) text: No, sir! Formica nods at Carpenter, who smiles and opens a door. soldiers walk in, holding Azteca.  The color drains from Weaver's face. FORMICA (calmly, with satisfaction)
27) 15) text: Or that one?  Her life doesn't matter, does it? AZTECA
27) 17) text: Wait!  Just let her go!  Z's long gone anyway, following some golden egg to Insectopia!  You'll never catch him! Formica's face lights up. FORMICA
27) 19) text: If this sissy here wants to dig, he'll dig.  Send them both back to the tunnel project.  Double their workload. The guards exit with Weaver and Azteca. FORMICA
28) 0) text: Z and Bala are lost, wandering through the grass BALA (looking hopeless)
28) 1) text: I swear, we've passed this blade of grass three times. Z keeps marching on. BALA
28) 2) text: Face it, Z, we're lost!  We must have walked halfway across the world by now!  How did I get into this mess... Z (too shy to look at her)
28) 4) text: What difference does it make...we're both going to starve to death, or get squished, or set on fire... But Z is just gawking.  The shot expands to show that the have stumbled onto... Z
29) 0) text: A PICNICGROUNDS...A red and white picnic blanket, which t the ants looks like a vast, undulating pavilion, stretche before them.  They gaze up at two obelisks: a salt and pe shaker. Behind that is a gigantic tupperware jar full of potato salad, and sandwiches stacked high.  It all looks perfect with the clean lines and monumental proportions of fascis architecture.  In fact, it looks a little too perfect. Z
29) 1) text: We've found it!  Insectopia!  Look at all this food' BALA (amazed)
29) 3) text: Z, it's beautiful! Z
29) 4) text: Let's dig in! Z goes over to a gigantic sandwich, but -- BOOIIING! -- h prevented from getting at it by the saran wrap covering i Z
29) 7) text: They're simply too much, Chip! Bala and Z look up to see two large, yellow WASPS hoverin the air above them.  The husband and wife wasps have lockjawed, William F. Buckleyesque accents. MALE WASP (to Z and Bala)
29) 8) text: You down there, haven't you ever been to a picnic? Z
29) 11) text: Well I really don't know who they are. Z
29) 12) text: We're ants! The Male Wasp zooms in closer. MALE WASP
29) 13) text: Poopsie, we know some ants, don't we? (to Z)
29) 20) text: Lunch! (to Z)
29) 24) text: Excuse me -- I'll have some potato salad -- thank-you! -- don't mind if I do!  After you! (etc.) -- But all is not well.  We pull back to reveal that Z an Bala are standing in front of a giant sneaker logo, which attached to a giant sneaker.  Which moves. Z
29) 25) text: I sort of imagined Insectopia a little differently -- Just at that moment, we hear a whistling in the air -- an the female wasp is crushed by a huge swatter that sweeps of the sky, sending the picnic blanket billowing up in an aftershock that throws Bala and Z to the ground. BALA
29) 29) text: Bala, look out!! They are only saved by the fact that they are so small - holes of the swatter pass over them. The woman, realizing that the swatter won't work on ants, throws it to the side and tries stomping on them... Before Bala can get away, a sneaker falls on her with a thunderous BOOM that shakes the ground. BALA
29) 31) text: Z!  Help me!!! But Bala is carried off on the sneaker in a huge, looping ferris-wheel-like motion.  BOOM.  The sneaker on which Ba is stuck falls again, as the woman tries to step on Z, to Z
29) 34) text: Z!!!  Get me out of heeeeere! -- The woman has decided to walk away from the picnic to the bubblegum off her shoe...Z heart sinks as the shoe Ba stuck on lopes off into the distance... Z (thinks)
29) 35) text: These things always come in twos... He sees a SECOND SHOE starting to rise -- Z
29) 36) text: Take me to your leader! Z runs towards the shoe as it rises... and at the last mo catches on to the snaky, swinging shoe-lace. Z
29) 37) text: Whoooooooaaaa!!! The sneaker lifts off into the air, with Z holding on for dear life to the lace, and getting further and further aw from Bala as he's drawn to a vertiginous height...the landscape can be seen rolling and pitching crazily in the background... Z
29) 39) text: Z!!!!!!!  I'm stuck! --  But Z is trying to keep his lunch down as he descends The sneaker hits the ground, and Z can feel himself again...it's now or never. Z (Tarzan whoop)
29) 41) text: Z!  You're here! Z gets smashed into the bubblegum next to Bala.  Now he's stuck too. Z (ruefully)
29) 42) text: Yeah.  I'm here. The sneaker descends again.  Z and Bala hold hands and SC as they see the ground rise too meet them... THUD!  They're squished deeper into the bubblegum.  The sneaker rises again... BALA (emotional)
29) 43) text: Z...if we don't make it...I just want you to know.... Z (touched)
29) 45) text: This is all your fault!!! The sneaker rises, and seems ready to fall again...but instead it just hovers there.  (The person wearing it is balancing on one leg and about to scrape off the bubblegu with a penny). Z
29) 46) text: We're safe... Just then, the hand holding the penny looms up...the penn is, by ant standards, about sixty feet high.  The huge im of Abraham Lincoln stares down at them. Z
29) 47) text: Who the hell is that?!!! The penny starts scrapes the bubblegum off the sneaker, bringing Bala and Z along with it.  They're carried throu the air as the penny gets thrown away...turning over and in a lopsided orbit as Bala and Z SCREAM... ...and land with a CRASH in total darkness.
30) 0) text: The "lake" where Z and Bala were nearly drowned by the wa droplet. The earth shakes as a HUGE, MONSTROUS creature approaches lake - and begins to drink from it.  The creature seems t hear something, and, growling, turns its ugly head.  It's Pomeranian, one of those yappy little lap-dogs -- but see from ant perspective, it's something out of a horror movi TOUGH VOICE (O.S.)
30) 1) text: Ant Team Six -- take him out! The monster bears its huge fangs at the approaching intruders -- a bunch of flying ants who look as though they're attacking the Death Star! The monster rears and snaps at two of the ants, who are making a diversionary run... and then gets it from the rest of the ants, who land on h soft, wet nose and start stinging away like crazy. The monster rears back in pain -- and runs away, YIPPING! The members of ANT TEAM SIX, a crack team of hardcore fly ant commandoes a la Seal Team Six, break off the attack a land. MAJOR MANDIBLE
30) 4) text: Z and the Princess were here, sir. Signs of a struggle. MANDIBLE
30) 6) text: Get the sniffer! Two other commandoes come running up with what looks like piece of machinery on a tripod -- only it's an ant -- a highly specialized, blind ant with an incredibly acute se of smell. TRACKER ANT
30) 10) text: Z -- you dirt-digging, fancy-dancing, wisecracking, royalty-grabbing, rebel
31) 0) text: Darkness.  Out of it we hear the voices of Z and Bala. BALA
31) 1) text: Come on, Z. Z
31) 2) text: Forget it.  You go ahead, I give up. I...I don't know what I was thinking. "Insectopia". In one corner of the screen, we can see an irregular litt hole through which a shaft of light is falling.  Bala proceeds towards it, the hole appears to get bigger and bigger... Z (defeated)
31) 3) text: There's only one thing worse than an ant who goes around mindlessly following orders, and that's an ant who's too dumb to go around mindlessly following orders. Bala stops...she notices that they're being watched.  She emerging from a tied off garbage bag -- the yellow ties l away gracefully.  Bala and Z have been tossed into a garb area.  And above them and below them, peering from garbag cans, recycling containers, bags, etc., a multi-cultural assortment of insects are regarding them. A laid-back FLY voices their thoughts. FLY
31) 6) text: Did you say... Z (joining Bala)
31) 7) text: ...Insectopia? Z and Bala look around.  Just to get things straight, the garbage dump doesn't look disgusting -- that would be see it through human eyes.  Instead, we're looking at it thro ant eyes -- and, reimagined this way, it's Paradise.  Not ordered, sterile, paradise of the picnic, but an earthly of plenty. The sides of the plastic garbage bags are sheer, reflecti walls of smoothest obsidian...the garbage cans are gigant thick metal columns put there by the gods (think the pyramids); a coke bottle, refracting the sunlight into a gorgeous rainbow, trickles a fountain of sweet nectar int the pink, bittersweet flesh of a grapefruit half, which appears as a multi-chambered concave dome.  Everywhere, insects are disporting themselves -- a multi- species lov that's like an insect version of Woodstock. Bala and Z are awe-struck.  Bala turns to Z. BALA (happily)
31) 8) text: Z, we made it! FLY (alighting on the grapefruit)
31) 9) text: C'mon in!  The nectar's fine! Like a kid at an amusement park, Z slides down the smooth side of the garbage bag, whooshing this way and that unti slides into one end of a straw (a red and white striped tunnel), and is shot out... Z
31) 10) text: Yippeeeeee! ...into a bottle-cap filled with lemonade, which he alternately drinks and swims through... Down at the bottlecap, Z is drying himself off.  Then he sees, emerging from behind a lemon peel, a gigantic TERMI Z (terrified)
31) 12) text: Hey, take it easy!  There's nothin' to be afraid of! Z
31) 17) text: Anyway, big Gus is mellow. The termite sticks his hand out.  A drop of acid drips fr his head and splashes at Z's feet. Z (taking his hand, disgusted)
31) 18) text: Charmed. Z reaches out and shakes the termite's hand, as Bala watc smiling.
32) 0) text: The insects are having a cookout, their faces illuminated the still-red ember of a match.  Platters heaped with foo lie untouched as they pat their bellies... Z and Bala sit next to one another, smiling shyly as if t had just met for the first time. Z
32) 2) text: Just looking for fun, adventure, trouble, I guess. Z
32) 3) text: Well, "trouble" is my middle name. Actually, my  middle name is .985, but I don't tell people.  Hey, Bala, I...I actually have something of yours...you left it at the bar that night. Z takes out Bala's scarf, which he's been keeping folded a pocket. Z
32) 5) text: You held onto this all that time? Z
32) 7) text: Well, to be honest, I just liked having it. He hands it back to her.  Bala looks at Z, frankly, openl For a moment Z is shy.  Then he looks at her too.  They'r two lovers, leaning closer, about to have their first kis when -- BEETLE
32) 8) text: Hey Z! The moment is wrecked.  Z looks up.  A chubby beetle stan there with Gus the termite. BEETLE
32) 9) text: Wanna bring back dessert?  There's a thirty foot long blimp in the next can, made completely of chocolate! Z (annoyed)
32) 10) text: Sure.  I wasn't busy or anything. Z gets up to go with them. Z
33) 3) text: I've got a read on the Princess -- but target Z isn't accounted for. MANDIBLE
34) 6) text: I don't have to understand, Missy -- I've got orders.  Now where's Z?
35) 0) text: Z, the termite, the beetle and the fly are happily carryi a huge M&amp;M back to the feast. FLY
35) 1) text: Man, your girl is fly, know what I'm saying? Z (overdoing it)
35) 2) text: Oh, Bala?  I guess she's okay, you know, for a princess.  I mean, I usually date queens, or you know, empresses, because sometimes the lesser nobility are too much in awe of my smouldering sensuality.  Please stop me if I'm making you feel inadequate. They throw down the M&amp;M, which lands with a THUD.  Z that the rest of the insects look spooked. Z
35) 3) text: What's the matter?  This place is as cheery as a Roach Motel at check-out time. Z looks around. LADYBUG
35) 4) text: Bala's been kidnapped!  Some flying ants took her back to the colony! Z
35) 5) text: She's been kidnapped?!  But I can't live without her! Z just stands there, heartbroken. Z (determined)
35) 6) text: I'm going back.  I've got to get her. Who'll come with me? Z looks around.  Nobody's volunteering.  Nothing but shee looks and shuffling from the insects of Insectopia. Z looks disheartened.  He's about to leave when -- MALE WASP (O.S.)
35) 7) text: I'll go. The male wasp is hovering nearby. Z (surprised)
35) 9) text: I know what it's like to lose someone...I keep hearing the sound of Muffy's flapping wings...so I'll take you. Z hops on the wasp's back. Z
35) 10) text: Let's go, pal! The wasp takes off, leaving the other insects looking a little chastized. FLY
35) 11) text: Geez.  I feel like a real stinkbug.
36) 0) text: The wasp and Z fly high above the colony... Z
36) 1) text: Wow...I never saw things this way... From here, we can see the whole layout of the land around colony...the "desert" (an asphalt path) and across it, th "lake" (the overflowing water fountain) Z
37) 2) text: Where's Z? Bala replies warily. BALA
37) 3) text: He's...he's dead. (covering for Z)
37) 10) text: Princess Bala, I'm just a simple old soldier, and the ways of the feminine mind are a little too complex for me. But one thing I do know is, there are more Princesses where you came from. I just hope they're not all like you. In the meantime, maybe we can arrange for you to see Z again after all. He gestures to the commandoes, who drag her out the door. notice that the tracker ant has been left behind.
38) 0) text: Z hops down from the wasp, who has landed near the entran to the colony. MALE WASP
38) 1) text: Good luck, Z.  For a wingless insect, you're alright by me. Z
38) 2) text: Thanks, Chip. They shake hands and the wasp flies off. Z (to himself)
38) 3) text: How am I going to get in?  The place is crawling with soldiers! Z starts for the nearest entrance -- but he's spotted by couple of SOLDIER ANTS. SOLDIER ANT
38) 4) text: You there!  Worker! Z's caught -- it's over.  He turns around with his hands Z
38) 6) text: What are you doing out here!  All workers are to remain inside the colony, by orders of General Formica! Z can't believe his luck -- and his curiosity is piqued. Z (heading inside)
41) 0) text: Elsewhere in the colony, a column of soldiers marches by, we hear the TROMP-TROMP-TROMP of their boots.  When they' gone, Z pokes his head out from behind a pile of dirt...h heads in the opposite direction of the soldiers...
42) 0) text: Z creeps around the outside of Formica's chambers.  This of the colony seems to be deserted. Z
42) 1) text: Geez, this place really empties out in August.  Where is everybody? Z walks up to the skull that houses Formica's chambers an peeks in the eye socket.
43) 0) text: Inside, the Tracker Ant, who's been left behind, switches "on", eyes glowing.  Z enters the chamber cautiously. TRACKER ANT (sniffing)
43) 1) text: Z!  Z!  I smell Z! For a moment, Z's afraid.  Then he sees the small Tracker doesn't seem hostile. Z
43) 2) text: You "smell" me?  Well look, I -- I've been out in the wilderness for a while, and -- The tracker ant keeps sniffing.  Z waves his hand in fron the blind ant's eyes. Z (getting it)
43) 4) text: Bala!  Yeahyeahyeahyeahyeah!  Find Bala!  Yeahyeahyeahyeah! Z picks up the tracker ant. Z
43) 5) text: Just remember, I met her first. Z, carrying the little tracker ant, heads out, following lead... Through this and that passage, as the Tracker Ant gets mo and more insistent...And finally straight to a blank wall TRACKER ANT
43) 6) text: Yeahyeahyeahyeahyeahyeahyeah... Z
43) 8) text: Bala...Yeahyeahyeahyeahyeahyeah... Z
43) 9) text: Great.  More digging.  This is why I left in the first place. Z can answer his own question.  He puts down the tracker with a look on his face like a kid forced to eat broccoli starts digging through the wall...
45) 0) text: Z emerges from the tunnel he's dug, spits a load of dirt of his mouth and wipes his hands off.  Nearby, Bala lies there, bound and gagged. Z
45) 1) text: Bala! Z unties Bala and undoes her gag. BALA
45) 2) text: Z!  You came back! They HUG. Z
45) 4) text: There's something going on, Z -- From here, Z can see far down the tunnel to where the cro is gathering. BALA
45) 5) text: They're having a ceremony to open the Megatunnel... We can hear the sound of WATER SHIFTING somewhere above. looks up the tunnel...in the distance, we can make out th silhouete of the commando set to break open the wall... Z
45) 8) text: Oh no... Bala looks too shocked to move.  Z starts pushing her int the tunnel he made, and starts heading down towards the c BALA
45) 9) text: Z!  what are you doing? Z
45) 10) text: I know it's crazy, but -- I can't just leave.  Don't argue with me.  If I've learned anything, it's that the problems of two people don't add up to a hill of ants in this world.  Or beans.  Something like that.  Anyway, I've got to warn the others. Z looks into Bala's eyes. Z
45) 11) text: Head for the surface, Bala.  If I don't make it, well...we'll always have Insectopia. Z kisses Bala.  Then he starts running down the tunnel towards the crowd... BALA (following him)
45) 12) text: Z!!! Wait for me!
47) 0) text: Z and Bala sprint towards the bottom end of the tunnel... Z
47) 3) text: Mom! Z calls out to the crowd. Z
47) 5) text: Are you nuts? Z
47) 7) text: Oh yeah?  What makes you so special, Mr. Know-It-All? Z
47) 8) text: I'm Z. The workers are even more sceptical.  A laugh goes up fro the crowd. WORKER #3
47) 9) text: You're Z?  Gimme a break!  Z's ten milimeters tall! WORKER #4
47) 10) text: -- and he can kill termites with his bare hands!  You're just some scrawny worker with a mental problem! Z
47) 11) text: I am Z! WORKER #1
47) 13) text: Yes he is. Weaver steps out of the crowd. Z
47) 14) text: Weaver! Weaver runs up to Z and hugs him, starting to cry. WORKERS
47) 15) text: Hey...it is Z...listen to what he says! [etc]. WEAVER
47) 16) text: Z...I'm so sorry!  I -- Z
47) 18) text: Oh...it's that social-climbing worker again -- what does he want? Z (in response)
50) 0) text: Everyone turns to hear the rumbling sound coming down the tunnel -- AZTECA
50) 2) text: He's right!!! From here, we can see deep into the tunnel, at the point where it levels out...and the torrent can be seen rushing down at them... Z
51) 0) text: The huge main chamber of the colony, where most of the workers -- as well as Z, Bala, Weaver, Azteca, and the Queen -- have run to. The chamber is rapidly flooding from all sides.  Water fl out of every escape tunnel the workers try...and the crow becoming more and more closely packed together as the wat rise around them. AZTECA
51) 3) text: Z...what can we do? Z clenches his fist...he feels utterly powerless...then h shouts... Z
51) 4) text: Dig! The workers turn to look at him questioningly. Z
51) 7) text: Yeah.  We're too important to dig. You taught us that, Z.  You hate digging! Z (at his wits end)
51) 9) text: You heard the ant -- DIG!!! The workers start to dig a circular moat around themselve passing the dirt back into the middle of what remains of dry ground. -- But they seems to be making little headway against the water as it continues to rush in... The ant labor we saw up to now were nothing compared to this.   As the moat gets deeper, the pile grows higher an higher...Weaver is digging up huge chunks of earth...near Azteca is digging like crazy too...Z runs around, directi traffic and encouraging the workers... Z
51) 10) text: That's it!  Pass the dirt back to the center!  Go on! Nearby the Queen stands there, looking squeamish. Z
51) 11) text: Your highness...time to get your hands dirty! Gingerly, the Queen reaches out for a clod of dirt...and passes it along.  Next thing you know, she's practically crushed by a huge load thrown up by Weaver. The water keeps rushing in...but now we notice that... ...the pile of dirt in the middle of the "island" created the digging of the moat is growing higher and higher, reaching up towards the ceiling of the chamber... ...And the water is getting swallowed up by the moat, swirling around angrily. Now Z looks up, and sees that with a little more effort t can reach the top -- Z
51) 12) text: We need to form a scaffolding around this mound -- let's DO IT! The workers start to cluster around the mound, covering i forming a tight network of living bodies around the mound towards the ceiling... Z
51) 13) text: Now climb! The ants start to scale the scaffolding, up towards the t of the chamber...it's a swarming mass of ants, hauling ea other up, giving each other legs up, climbing ever and ev higher towards the top... Where they start to dig through the very ceiling... ...as, at the bottom of the mound, Z starts to organize t hauling away of the Queen, as though she were a big cargo container... Z
51) 14) text: Okay boys -- take her up! Z slaps the Queen on the butt, and she's winched away on cable composed entirely of ants linked arm in arm like th plastic toy monkeys...
52) 0) text: ...And Azteca's head pokes through the ground...she hauls herself up, and hundreds of ants pour up from the ground, widening the hole...
53) 0) text: The water is rising...but almost all of the ants have escaped...Z clambers up the mound, as the scaffolding of rolls up from the bottom.... And the rushing water finally wears down the earthen core the structure.  As Z hauls himself through the hole in th ceiling. The entire structure collapses into the angry waters belo which seem furious to have missed their prey...
54) 1) text: He did it!  Z!  Z!  Z!  Z!  Z! The "Z" cheer goes up, with everyone joining in.  But the jubilation is short-lived, for, appearing on the ridge, surrounding the workers, is FORMICA'S ARMY, circling the of workers, backing them in towards the roiling water beh them.  Formica himself appears in the front lines, with Carpenter and Mandible at his side. FORMICA
54) 2) text: Z.  I should have known.  All that work, all that preparation, come to nothing.  All because of one stinking ant. He steps forward to address the surrounded, trapped worke FORMICA
54) 6) text: Folks, you may have survived that flood, but there's no way you're gonna escape from me.  I'll make you a deal.  Hand over the rebel leader Z, and you survive. This sends a ripple of murmurs through the workers. FORMICA
54) 8) text: What shall it be, workers? The workers remain frightened but silent.  Z trembles, terrified. FORMICA
54) 9) text: Have it your way. As Formica raises his swagger stick to order the attack, lone figure steps out from the crowd. Z
54) 10) text: Wait... Z stands there, shivering with fear. Z
54) 11) text: ...I'm Z. For a moment, Z stands alone, under the glare of Formica' gaze. Then another figure steps out from the throng of workers. WEAVER
54) 12) text: No, I'm Z. Z turns, astonished, to see Weaver, still and unwavering, bravely risking his life for his friend.  Then, AZTECA al steps forward. AZTECA
54) 13) text: I'm Z! Next, Bala comes forward. BALA
54) 14) text: No, I'm Z. More and more ants step forward. WORKERS
54) 15) text: I'm Z!  I'm Z!  I'm Z and so is my brother!  I've been Z for weeks now! QUEEN (regally)
54) 16) text: We are Z. Now, the workers are all shouting the same declaration. ALL
54) 17) text: I am Z!  I am Z!  I am Z! Z is plainly flabbergasted.  Formica is outraged.  He giv the signal. FORMICA
54) 19) text: Hey, guys! THE WASP appears on the other side of the horizon. WASP
54) 21) text: Are these hooligans giving you trouble, Z? FLY
54) 22) text: Say the word, Z, and we kick their butts. The ant army remains frozen, unsure of what to do next. Formica is furious.  If ants had veins, Formica's would b bulging out of his face. FORMICA
54) 29) text: Help...help me... Z goes to the edge of the precipice and looks over.  Form is struggling in the waters of the very flood he created, which are roiling not far below.  He looks up into Z's ey a new expression crossing his features: fear. FORMICA
54) 30) text: Please...I...I can't swim...Help me... Formica goes under for a bit, then his head comes up agai but he's not going to be able to stay afloat for long... Suddenly he sees a line dropped down.  Above, Z looks dow him. Z
54) 31) text: I thought you said that the life of one ant doesn't matter. Formica looks at the line...and in that moment seems to realize his error... FORMICA
54) 32) text: I guess it does...to the ant. Formica reaches up and takes the line, and is pulled up b and a bunch of other ants (the line, we see, extends from nearby spider, one of the cavalry from Insectopia). Formica is left, broken and alone, by the precipice, whil HORDES OF ANTS surround Z to congratulate him.  Bala figh her way to his side and the two of them embrace.  Then th ants pick up Z and Bala, and, CHEERING, bear them away. Only Carpenter stays behind.  He walks up to Formica, carrying his dented and dusty helmet.  He cleans it the b he can with his jacket sleeve and hands it to his fallen general. CARPENTER
54) 35) text: As he addresses the audience, stand-up style. Z
55) 0) text: A HUGE ASSEMBLY OF ANTS applauds as Z who is given a meda the Queen.
55) 2) text: General Formica was almost unemployable.  He eventually got a gig as a honeydew keg. PULL BACK TO REVEAL Formica clinging to a wall, his belly hideously distended with honeydew. Z (V.O.)
55) 5) text: Weaver cut the defense budget in half.  Now we only have an army of five million. cut back to Z, ADDRESSING THE AUDIENCE. Z
55) 6) text: And me, I guess you could say that I lived happily ever after. Bala enters the frame, embraces and kisses him. Z
56) 0) text: Z and Bala stand in the midst of their living room, up to their knees in THOUSANDS OF CHILD ANTS.  The children cov every horizontal surface.  They run around, cry, laugh, a tease each other.  Z looks around the room, looks back at and shrugs. Z