66) 0) text: A huge and ancient room, truly a place of worship: stone steps leading to a spacious altar on which stands a huge wooden crucifix, the figure of Christ upon it, chiseled f stone -- block walls, sixty feet high, laced with vine-ro that join at the center of a domed celling, open at the v top to emit a shaft of light that illuminates the crucifi Within this chamber, a group of hooded monks pray: their heads bowed so that nothing can be seen of them save sackcloth as their CHANT CONTINUES, seeming to constantly renew itself each time it begins to fade. CAMERA SLOWLY PANS the church -- COMING TO REST CLOSE ON face of Thorn, standing beneath an archway -- his face immobilized with awe... CAMERA PANS TO JENNINGS: equally impressed, trying to get a light reading in the darkened chamber, ANGLE ON THORN All His eyes wandering; suddenly stopping. Riveted in place.
66) 2) text: PANNING a row of praying monks: HOLDING ON the figure of one at the end of the row. Unlike the others, he is seate upright, stiff, in a wheelchair. CAMERA ZOOMING IN TO REVEAL it is Spiletto: but only bare resembling him -- the right half of his face literally melted by fire. CAMERA PANS to his hand protruding from t cloth sleeve, REVEALING that it, too, is only a smooth st ANGLE ON JENNINGS Aad turning to Thorn.
67) 2) dialog: We don't know if he can see or hear. Since the fire he's not made a sound.
67) 3) text: REVEALING they are in a garden; once beautiful, now litte with broken statuary. A BENEDICTINE MONK behind Spilettot wheelchair is talking to Thorn and Jennings.
67) 5) dialog: He is fed and cared for by the brothers...And we pray for his recovery when his penance is completed,
67) 7) dialog: gazing sympathetically at the stiffened figure of Spilett
67) 8) dialog: ‘Woe to the Shepherd who abandons his sheep. May his right arm wither and his right eye lose its sight.!
67) 11) dialog: Yes.
67) 13) dialog: For abandoning Christ.
67) 16) dialog: (simply) Confession.
67) 18) dialog: Written confession. He has some movement in his left hand.
68) 1) dialog: . {o.s.) You'll notice the curved line over the head. This indicates the hood of the monk. His own hood.
68) 4) dialog: Six 1s the sign of the Devil.
68) 6) dialog: We believe it signifies the Diabolical Trinity. The Devil, Anti-Christ, and False Prophet.
68) 8) dialog: For everything Holy...there is something unholy. This is the essence of temptation.
68) 12) dialog: apprehensive,
68) 15) dialog: I'm afraid it's no use...
68) 17) dialog: Please, sir... .
68) 24) text: as the monks pray, rocking now with the rhythm of the bel
68) 32) dialog: ell stunned by the sudden silence.
68) 36) text: ANGLE ON THE MONK Ao deeply upset.
68) 38) dialog: (tight) Cerveteri.
68) 40) dialog: It is an old cemetery -- from Etruscan times -- Grippe de Sant! Angelo -~ CLOSE ON THE STIFFENED FACE OF SPILETTO Ake
68) 41) dialog: It is nothing but ruins. The remains of the shrine of Techulca.
68) 43) dialog: The Etruscan devil-god.
68) 45) dialog: There is'nothing there, sir... except graves...and a few wild hogs...
68) 47) dialog: reluctant) You'll find it on the map. It's perhaps fifty kilometers north of Rome.