0) 0) text: Nestled at the edge of 64.8 acres of rugged woodland. KID play on rope swings, timber slides and rugged wooden see- saws. MOTHERS and NANNIES sit and talk together on benche A young man, CECIL ACKERMAN, 24, pale skin, red hair, is watching from beyond the playground fence. His eyes follo the little girls, some of them no more than 6 years old, they swing to and fro. He sees a small girl, EMMA, 7, toss a ball. It goes throu the fence and rolls out onto the path. Emma looks to her NANNY, 19, but she is deep in conversation. Emma slips through a gap in the fence and goes after the ball. As sh bends to pick it up, she clumsily kicks it. The ball roll away down a sloping path into the woods and Emma goes aft it... Cecil looks at the Nanny. At the other Mothers. Nobody ha noticed Emma’s absence. Cecil pushes back from the fence casually walks away. EXT. FRANKLIN PARK —- EVENING Emma's ball bounces off the path and into the bushes. Emm follows it. Pushing though the foliage. She sees her ball and -- Cecil picks it up. Emma looks up at him. He smiles.
0) 1) dialog: Is this your ball? Emma takes a small step back. Nods.
0) 2) dialog: What’s your name?
0) 4) dialog: Emma. That’s a pretty name. Cecil holds the ball out to her...
0) 5) dialog: Don’t be afraid. Here. Come and take it. Emma takes a small step forward. She reaches for the bal Doesn't fully commit...
0) 6) dialog: I won’t bite, Emma. Emma takes another step toward him and AN OUT OF FOCUS FI appears behind Cecil. A HAMMER (wrapped in plastic) rises above him and -- EXT. CHILDREN’S PLAYGROUND - FRANKLIN PARK - EVENING Emma's SCREAM alerts the Mothers and Nannies. All bolt up Looking around. We FOCUS on Emma’s Nanny. Scanning the children...
7) 0) text: Mitch skids to a stop. Rain falls on the bloody body. Leg twisted at an impossible angle. Arms broken. Young Man blinks up at Mitch in the rain. Blood bubbling on his pal lips. Oil and blood matting his red hair. We recognize him from the opening park - CECIL ACKERMAN.
8) 0) text: Mitch runs back to Cecil.
8) 2) dialog: (mumbles ) Help ... me...
8) 7) dialog: Please...
9) 0) text: With a spin of tires, the Escalade zooms forward and hang hard right out of the street. All is quiet save for the distant siren and the fall of rain on the blacktop. THE CAMERA lingers on Cecil. Helpless. Precious blood minglin with the rain. Fear in his eyes...
11) 6) text: INT. MITCH'’S ESCALADE (MOVING) - FLASHBACK Mitch hits Cecil. Boom!
41) 9) text: Stuart walks in and sees Mitch scribbling information on whiteboard beneath 8 photographs. The last two are Cecil Ackerman and Victor Gonzales...
45) 4) text: Mitch reads the “GAS STATION SHOOTING” story on the scree before him. He zooms in on areas of text. Finds the man w murdered Levy’s family was -- “career criminal”... “in and out of prison”... “recently paroled”... Mitch moves on. Then stops. Backtracks. Focuses on the word -- “PAROLED”. Mitch turns from the Microfish machine and digs into his briefcase. Pulls out files on each of the victims. Skims through pages. Finds the words -- INSERT - “RECENT PAROLEE”. He moves on. Skims the next file. Finds -- INSERT - “PAROLED” He skims Cecil Ackerman’s file. Finds the same thing. Mitch sits back. Pondering this fact.