2) 0) text: Mitch’s Escalade zooms into the tree-lined, suburban stre Kids skateboard and play ball. He turns up the driveway o pretty, but modest, two-story starter-home. INT. STUDY —- MITCH’S HOUSE - DAY A PHOTOGRAPH OF A SIX YEAR OLD MITCH AND HIS MA’ (on the wooden steps of a run-down house in Popes Hill) dominates shot. It’s oddly framed (they’re both too close to one ed like we're only seeing half a picture. It sits on a desk with other photos of Mitch and his wife. Through the wind we see Mitch’s car approach the garage. There is a groani CLUNK that shakes the house as the garage starts to open. INT. BEDROOM — DAY RACHEL BRODY, 29, crushes Mitch’s hand as she pushes. The MIDWIFE, late 50s, heavy German accent, urges her on. Spa medical equipment needed for a home birth stands beside t bed.
2) 1) text: The baby is crowning. I can see the head. Keep pushing. Mitch kisses Rachel’s head...
2) 5) dialog: I can’t.
2) 9) dialog: Hello, baby girl.
2) 11) dialog: No, I’m a mess.
2) 13) dialog: (to baby) I think clever daddy just won another case. Joe aims the iPhone at Rachel and the baby...
11) 1) text: Mitch parks the Escalade next to Rachel’s Prius and climb out. The automatic garage door closes with a whir and a clunk. Mitch climbs out, shoves his coat into a garbage b kicks off his shoes and throws them in, too. He then unbuckles his pants and removes his shirt. He looks at th washer and dryer in the room. Decides against it... EXT. PATIO —- THE BRODY HOUSE - NIGHT
11) 4) text: Mitch, in boxer shorts and a cotton T-shirt, looks at his sleeping wife, hand holding the edge of the baby’s bassin The baby is cocooned in a white blanket. Tiny. Helpless. Mitch climbs into bed beside Rachel. Wraps an arm around and kisses the back of her head. She moans but doesn’t wa Mitch just lies there...
12) 0) text: Mitch wakes with a start. Warm, morning light filters through the window lace. Mitch rubs his face. Looks at th time. Its 7am. Rachel and the baby are gone. Mitch climbs from the bed... INT. BABY ROOM —- THE BRODY HOUSE - MORNING Rachel looks exhausted. She is pacing back and forth with the baby on her shoulder. Patting her back as the baby whimpers fitfully.
12) 2) dialog: She'd had me up since four.
12) 4) dialog: No, I need to change her. Why don’t you start the coffee.
13) 1) dialog: Mitch. She startles him. Rachel walks in from the garage carryin the baby and handful of clean diapers...
13) 2) dialog: (tired and irritated) You want to tell me what happened last night? 16.
13) 4) dialog: I’m talking about the truck. Mitch’s breath stops. Tries not to react...
13) 5) dialog: You drove after promising you'd catch a cab. Mitch breathes...
13) 6) dialog: You get a DUI and you can kiss the DA's office goodbye.
13) 8) dialog: I’m serious. You’re a father now. You can’t take chances. The baby rubs her tiny face with a perfect little hand an lets out a squeak...
13) 9) dialog: See, Ella agrees with me.
13) 11) dialog: Yes. But don’t change the subject. Mitch gives her a hug. This means a lot to him. Kisses he Kisses Ella...
13) 13) dialog: Why would you lose us? The doorbell rings... 17.
13) 15) dialog: Her name is Schultze. Be nice. Rachel walks out and heads back up the stairs. Mitch look sad. Feels like shit. Takes a deep breath and heads to th front door... INT. GARAGE — THE BRODY HOUSE - MORNING The garage door rises with a CLUNK. Light spills slowly across the Escalade and Prius. Mitch stands there in a su carrying a coffee and his briefcase. He looks at the Escalade. Then climbs into the Prius. Reverses out of the garage... EXT. FEDERAL BUILDING —- MORNING Establishing shot... INT. MITCH’S OFFICE - DISTRICT ATTORNEY’S OFFICE - MORNIN Mitch Googles: “Boston Hospitals”. An extremely short lis of names come up. He picks up his phone and dials...
16) 24) text: Mitch has the entire case spread over the table in front him. He sips a coffee and rubs his eyes. Rachel walks in carrying Ella.
16) 25) dialog: Bit late for coffee, isn’t it? She looks over his shoulder. Sees a photo of Tobias Levy years younger than the man we know - happier...
16) 26) dialog: Is that him?
16) 28) dialog: That's horrible. Did they catch the killer?
16) 30) dialog: Is that what made his snap?
16) 32) dialog: Here, I know you’re working, but can you take Ella for a bit? I need to take a shower before bed. I smell like milk and my hair feels like straw.
16) 33) text: Rachel hands him Ella. He cradles her in his arms.
19) 7) text: Mitch looks down on Ella. So tiny ... so vulnerable. She whimpers in her sleep. Mitch picks her up. Sees Rachel, i the bed, open her eyes and start to rise. On exhausted au pilot...
23) 37) text: Mitch pours himself a Scotch. Drinks it. Takes a big sigh of relief. Pours another. Rachel walks in pulling a small towel from her shoulder. She puts a baby-monitor on the counter. 56.
23) 38) dialog: Hey. She wraps her tired arms around him. Buries her head into his shoulder.
23) 40) dialog: Demanding. She only stopped crying ten minutes ago.
23) 42) dialog: Ella was sick on me.
23) 44) dialog: This is my third shirt today. How do people do it?
23) 46) dialog: I’m sorry about the trial.
23) 48) dialog: Yeah?
23) 50) dialog: Does Jones see it that way?
23) 52) dialog: Talking of sorry. JI found your note. 57. Mitch looks at her. What is she -- ? Oh, shit.
23) 54) dialog: What was that about?
23) 56) dialog: (suggestive) Oh? He kisses her again.
23) 59) dialog: I'll take a raincheck on that apology. Rachel heads back out of the kitchen. Mitch downs his Scotch. INT. GARAGE -— NIGHT Mitch puts another few pieces of the crib together. He ru sand paper over a joint. Feels it with his fingers.
23) 62) dialog: Diet Coke. Mitch walks away. INT. FOOD COURT - SECOND FLOOR - SHOPPING MALL —- DAY
24) 1) text: RACHEL’S WHOLE FAMILY is sitting at a long table eating f and talking. MOM, DAD, SISTERS, HUSBANDS. Wine and soda a flowing. Mom coos over Ella while Rachel gets to eat uninterrupted for once. Mitch watches them all. A little sad... INT. HOME OFFICE —- THE BRODY HOUSE - EVENING
24) 2) text: The sounds of Rachel’s family laughing in another room. Sounds like charades. Mitch picks a photo frame off his desk. Inside is a picture of himself as a small boy, standing with his mom. He opens the back of the frame and takes out the photo. We see it was folded in half. In the other half is a man holding another boy. He’s Mitch's age It’s Doyle...
37) 2) text: Mitch is asleep in bed with Rachel. Ella is bundled safel in her bassinet. An ominous shadow falls over Mitch and w reveal --
57) 8) text: Phone rings. Activity. Rachel stands before the Desk Sergeant. Ella cries...
57) 9) dialog: I demand to see my husband, right now.
57) 11) dialog: What is he even being charged with?
57) 13) dialog: That’s ridiculous. I’m his wife!
64) 0) text: Levy watches Rachel drive past in her Prius and pull up t driveway to Mitch’s house.
65) 0) text: Rachel hits the garage-door remote and -- 97. INT. POLICE STATION —- BACK BAY - NIGHT Mitch recognizes the house-rattling CLUNK of his garage d as it begins to rise. His eyes go wide.
71) 18) dialog: Yes?
71) 20) dialog: No. Not at all. One second. Rachel disappears inside to fetch Ella. Levy glances arou the deserted street, steps inside and closes the door. The CAMERA moves away from the door to find the TELEPHONE WIRE running up the outside wall of the house. 102. It’s been cut.
72) 0) text: Rachel picks up Ella and turns to go back to the front do She sees Levy is now inside. It gives her pause.
72) 2) dialog: Not at all. Can you tell me what you've arrested my husband for?
72) 4) dialog: What? That's insane.
72) 6) dialog: Of course. Rachel goes into -- INT. KITCHEN — MITCH’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
72) 7) text: Rachel puts Ella in her bassinet, on the kitchen table, a nudges a stack of Mitch's files. Papers spill onto the floor. They can wait.
72) 8) dialog: I don't understand. She grabs a glass and turns on the faucet.
72) 9) dialog: If you know he didn't do it, why are you holding him? INT. LIVING ROOM —- MITCH’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
72) 12) text: Rachel tests the water with her finger. Glances down at Mitch’s papers on the floor.
72) 14) dialog: Oh? Rachel notices something among Mitch’s papers that makes blood freeze... INT. LIVING ROOM —- MITCH’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
72) 16) dialog: Would you like ice?
72) 20) text: The faucet continues to run. Rachel is gone. Ella is missing from the bassinet. Levy sees the papers on the floor. Among them is -- LEVY'S MUG-SHOT. Suddenly, he HEARS the BEEP of the Prius alarm as the car unlocks. Levy races out of the kitchen toward the garage. 104. A beat. The pantry door opens and Rachel steps out clutching Ella the Prius keys/remote. She rushes toward the garage’s connecting door... INT. GARAGE - MITCH’S HOUSE - NIGHT
72) 21) text: Levy looks inside the Prius. No sign of Rachel. He senses movement behind him. Spins to see -- Rachel slam and lock the connecting door. Levy flies back at it. Tries to shoulder the door. It won budge. He looks around and sees -- A DOUBLE-HANDED AX among Mitch’s tools. He grabs it and - INT. MITCH’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Rachel, carrying Ella, moves back from the door and -- BOOM! The AX cleaves the wood. Rachel SCREAMS and runs back through the house.
72) 24) text: Rachel snatches up the phone. The line is dead. She HEARS the house-rattling CLUNK of the garage door opening. Rachel runs to the front door and tries to open it. It’s locked. She twists the dead bolt. Undoes the chain. Her hands shaking. Ella is crying... Rachel keeps looking back toward the garage corridor. No sign of Levy yet. Rachel rips open the front door and -- Levy runs toward her with the ax. 105. Rachel tries to SLAM the door again but Levy hits it with full weight and -- BOOM! He’s through. Rachel is flung backwards onto the stairs. She shields El from the impact. Levy hits the hall table and mirror. Shatters glass. Fall to the floor. Levy shakes it off. Scrambles for the ax as -- Rachel leaps to her feet and runs up the stairs. INT. UPPER HALLWAY - MITCH’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
72) 25) text: Rachel reaches the top of the stairs. Levy is coming up after her. She bolts through the bedroom door. Swings it shut behind her. Slam. Levy shoulders straight through the flimsy wood and into INT. BEDROOM — MITCH’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
72) 26) text: Rachel is trapped. She backs around the bed. Into the corner. Levy catches his breath. Stalks her.
72) 27) dialog: What do you want? Why are you doing this?
72) 29) dialog: No. Levy swings the ax and takes a lamp off the dresser. It shatters against the far wall.
72) 38) text: Mitch bursts in. Gun up. He scopes the room and sees Levy standing behind Rachel. Ella is on the bed. Levy has the blade of the ax against Rachel’s throat like a knife.
72) 39) dialog: Mitch -- Levy flinches the blade. Shuts her up...
72) 51) text: I understand you were a fucking coward! 108. Rachel stares at Mitch in horror. What is he doing?
72) 67) dialog: (screams ) Mitch!
72) 99) dialog: Hello, Doyle. Doyle blinks and tries to sit up. It’s excruciating... 114.
72) 100) dialog: Try not to move.
72) 103) dialog: I guess we’ve got some catching up to do. Rachel sits on the side of the bed.
73) 0) text: THE CAMERA pulls back. Looking in at Rachel, Mitch and Do talking. Doyle continues to hold Ella. They don’t yet loo like a family, but it’s a start... THE CAMERA takes in Boston and the rising sun. It’s going be a beautiful day.