0) 0) text: RUBEN BRANDT (45) is alone in the railcar, sitting by the window, reading a book. The monotonous clatter of the tra is lulling him to sleep. He gets up and heads to the toil through the empty hallway. The train goes into a tunnel. hallway is dark. He goes in to the bathroom. He washes hi hands while whistling. Suddenly, a little boy appears in the background. The boy wears breeches and a shirt, stands in the bathtub and sta Ruben in the face. Ruben wakes up in the railcar. Another boy (FRANK DUVENEC WHISTLING BOY, 8), holding a snail, is sitting in front o him, stares straight into his eyes while whistling. A window abruptly falls open and a strong gust of wind sl Ruben in the face. Ruben is horrified; a little girl (VELAZQUEZ'S INFANTA MARGARITA, 7), is hanging outside th railcar.
0) 1) dialog: Hey! Her fingers can barely grasp the metal frame of the open window. She screams for help.
0) 4) dialog: My nightmares are getting stronger and stronger. Characters from famous paintings continue to attack me. This time, it was Velazquez’s Infanta Margarita and Frank Duveneck’s Whistling Boy. I haven't had a good night’s sleep in three weeks now. (takes a deep breath) Meanwhile, in the hall of the Polyart Clinic, the NIGHT G (38) watches the news.
5) 2) dialog: Hello? (beat) Yes?
5) 5) dialog: Narcolepsy? Tourette’s? ADHD?
5) 7) dialog: Aha. So you're stealing from your employer.
7) 5) dialog: Are you sure?
8) 0) text: Mimi packs her stuff in a hurry. Her phone rings. She fin it under the Psychology Journal with Ruben Brandt on the cover. She looks at her phone.
9) 5) dialog: 
9) 6) dialog: I don’t know about the best.
9) 8) dialog: Thanks for the vote of confidence. Mimi receives a text message from “Vincenzo:” I will find you! Mimi sighs. RUBEN BRANDT (CONT’D) Hello? You there?
11) 4) dialog: Thank you Fernando! (turns to Bye-Bye Joe) Bye-Bye Joe, you are here because you can’t keep quiet in delicate situations. Playing this role is exactly what you need.
11) 6) dialog: So, Bye-Bye Joe, you will be Little Red Riding Hood. Membrano Bruno, you will be the thunder, the wind and the wolf. Fernando, you will be the bells, Granny and Luke, the hunter. Okay, now you know your roles, so let’s start! We can hear Little Red Riding Hood walking through the forest: squish - squish - squish!
11) 8) dialog: Excellent. Places everyone - and let’s start! A dark and stormy night. A terrible wind roars. Ruben points at Membrano Bruno. 10.
11) 10) dialog: The bells of the nearby church ring... He points at Fernando.
11) 12) dialog: Little Red Riding Hood is walking through the forest... It’s Bye-Bye Joe’s turn.
11) 14) dialog: Somewhere in the distance, a wolf howls...
11) 16) dialog: While in a cottage at the edge of the forest, Granny is asleep...
11) 18) dialog: The same forest is also home to Luke, the hunter...
11) 20) dialog: Thunder rumbles powerfully nearby...
14) 0) text: Ruben Brandt shows Mimi around the Polyart Clinic. They a walking outside in the garden, when they stop by Bye-Bye who is in the position of Rodin’s “The Thinker.” He doesn move, he looks like a statue.
14) 8) dialog: (scolding) Bye-Bye Joe!
14) 11) dialog: Art is the key to the troubles of the mind. RUBEN BRANDT (CONT’D) Membrano Bruno is two-dimensional, but he eats too much, which is getting in the way of his banking business.
15) 3) dialog: Too many sausages... RUBEN BRANDT (CONT’D) He’s trying to carve his craving for food into stone to contain it.
15) 5) dialog: (surprised) Hm, exactly!
15) 7) dialog: Fernando is dealing with his particular obsession by creating variations on a three-note melody.
15) 9) dialog: The signature he leaves after each successful security breach.
16) 2) dialog: Your compulsion to steal comes from a deeper need. You are missing something in your life. (beat) I want you to paint it.
16) 4) dialog: Trust in the brush. It will reveal all.
18) 0) text: Ruben Brandt enters the hall where the paintings of Edoua Manet are exhibited. Ruben slowly approaches Olympia. She looks him straight in the eye.
20) 2) dialog: I went back to his house. I hadn't been to his lab in years. All my childhood memories suddenly hit me. When Ruben enters the film lab, he sees himself as a chil sitting by a film projector. YOUNG RUBEN (5) is with his father, GERHARD BRANDT (40).
21) 2) dialog: It was Rusalocka. My favorite cartoon.
21) 4) dialog: But for some reason I couldn’t watch it. I felt anxious and I had to escape.
21) 6) dialog: I don’t want to talk about that.
22) 1) dialog: When I entered the room, she was already waiting for me... At first, the scene is almost idyllic. The painting comes life, Venus caresses Ruben with her hair, but suddenly, t scene turns into a nightmare as the hair turns into tenta of an octopus, dragging Ruben underwater, trying to drown devour him. He stabs the Octopus’ eyes with his finger. R barely makes his escape.
30) 0) text: SEEN ON THE SCREEN: I fear that my auditory, visual and tactile hallucinations may be the early signs of acute schizophrenia. Ruben Brandt lays on a chair, typing on his laptop. His f is full of scratches, his arm is covered with purple and marks and bruises. Mimi, Membrano, Bye-Bye Joe and Fernando knock on Ruben’s door.
30) 1) dialog: Not now! I’m busy! Mimi enters the room, the others stay at the door. RUBEN BRANDT (CONT’D) Not now!
30) 3) dialog: Mimi...
30) 8) dialog: Wow, nice painting. He slowly gets up and walks toward the painting. The whol gang is inside. Everyone laughs with relief.
30) 12) dialog: 
30) 21) dialog: Draw what? I don't have a gun.
30) 23) dialog: But... Again, a sound like thunder strikes through the marble ro
30) 25) dialog: (shouting) Nooooo...
30) 27) dialog: Where are we? VAN GOGH’S POSTMAN In an airplane, Monsieur Brandt. (indicating the address on Ruben's face) We're flying to Arles. That's where you've been sent. He takes out a pocket watch and opens the lid. He's whist the nursery rhyme Sur le pont d'Avignon. He closes the li and puts the watch back to his pocket. VAN GOGH’S POSTMAN (CONT’D) It's time! We are over Arles now. 30. He gets up and opens the door of the airplane. The postma has to shout to overcome the horrible noise of the wind.
30) 28) dialog: (shouting) Hey! What are you doing? The postman smiles, lifts Ruben in the air, throws him ov his own shoulder and moves towards the door. VAN GOGH’S POSTMAN Don't be afraid, Monsieur Brandt! You've been sent to my address.
30) 29) dialog: (horrified) Are you crazy? Put me down! VAN GOGH’S POSTMAN These are the rules: if the address is legible, the parcel must be delivered, Monsieur Brandt! With Ruben on his shoulder, he leaps into the abyss.
30) 30) dialog: (shouts ) Noooococo! 0260. INT.- RUBEN BRANDT’S CABINET. THE POLYART CLINIC. DORNBERK. SLOVENIA —- MORNING Ruben wakes up on the floor of his cabinet, his feet trap in the arms of his jacket. His scratches and bruises are still visible. He untangles himself and goes out to the terrace. He sees Mimi. Mimi sits in a lotus position in t garden of the clinic. He starts walking towards her, whil she is finishing her yoga session. She notices Ruben and already knows something is wrong.
30) 32) dialog: Van Gogh’s Postman and Warhol’s Double Elvis.
30) 34) dialog: No. I need all 13 paintings that are tormenting me. (MORE )
30) 36) dialog: If you’re willing to help, we should all move to my villa on the island of BiSevo. Mimi doesn’t get it. RUBEN BRANDT (CONT’D) It’s in the Adriatic. The airport in Rome isn’t far away.
32) 4) dialog: No, Mimi! I’m serious. You're getting closer every day!
32) 7) dialog: The Uffizi, Florence.
36) 5) dialog: The guy from Hopper’s Nighthawks.
44) 9) dialog: Fernando? Fernando moves his shoulders a bit, but does not respond. Ruben approaches. Now he can see the right side of the ma face. It's not Fernando. Ruben gets closer, and the man t his head. Ruben can’t believe his eyes as he recognizes t painter, RENOIR (47). RUBEN BRANDT (CONT’D) Renoir? Pierre-Auguste Renoir?!
44) 11) dialog: You're different. You're a painter, Pierre-Auguste. I don't really like black.
44) 13) dialog: I don't want to learn to like it.
44) 15) dialog: I don't want to throw myself into the blackness!
44) 17) dialog: I don't want to disappear in the black!
44) 20) dialog: (sighs ) The next painting is Bazille’s Portrait of Renoir. 0470. INT. - MUSEE d'Orsay. PARIS. FRANCE — EVENING With well-rehearsed moves, the team cuts the wires, remov the frame, separates the canvas and then roll Frédéric Bazille’s Portrait of Renoir up.
45) 1) dialog: Watch out!
45) 6) dialog: Watch out!
45) 11) dialog: Come on, Joe! Come on! Bye-Bye Joe hardly catches the landing skid of the helico and kicks a man with the machine gun straight in the face
45) 21) dialog: Hey! We’re gonna smash into the overpass! 54.
45) 23) dialog: Watch out! Just the moment before the crane smashes into the overpas Mimi opens the crane grab and the Tatra flies over it, landing hardly on the other side of highway. The truck wi Mimi on board is still pulling behind the crashed crane. Bye Joe throws down a rope from the helicopter for Mimi.
57) 1) dialog: Places everyone - and let’s start! Ruben stays at the entrance, while the team moves towards exhibition. George and Margaret are also among the audience.
59) 0) text: Ruben Brandt suddenly wakes up. He is alone in the railca sitting by the window, holding onto his wrist. He sees th book Enjoying Art on the floor down by his feet. He picks up, starts reading and discovers a photo of his patients a personal message inside. He looks out of the window, smiling, thinking of what has happened to him. We see Kowalski's reflection in the window, then we transit to t view from the train. We slowly zoom out to the view of a single railcar going towards the sunset. We zoom out to a road where a snail is trying to cross, and a railroad emerges, the same one we see in the opening scene of the film.