0) 5) text: And I didn't tell Dupree that I'd give you your job back... All I said was that I'd be glad to talk to you if you said the right thing... Do you have something to say? A stream of cigarette smoke snakes through as the back of man's head and shoulder nudges in and shifts nervously.
17) 24) text: Easy looks up to see DUPREE, a big black man with a wide white grin in a white suite with blue pinstripes and a ten-gallon hat.
17) 25) dialog: You ain't jumped outta no windows yet?
17) 27) dialog: Miss you down at the plant... You know Coretta, don't ya?
17) 34) text: Dupree and Coretta settle in.
17) 35) dialog: You know Benny just wants you to say you're sorry, Easy. And he'll give you your job back.
17) 39) dialog: I got it, Easy. Your money ain't no good up in here.
17) 41) dialog: You sure?   You the one outta work.
17) 42) text: Coretta frowns at Dupree as Easy counts out three dollars
17) 44) dialog: Aw, Baby... (to bootlegger) Get us another couple glasses.
17) 48) dialog: Hey, Coretta got a new job at the phone company.
17) 55) text: Concentrating totally on keeping his balance, Odell waves feebly without looking back. Easy is droopy-eyed from the booze but Coretta just looks little sexier. She straightens Dupree's hat on his head a twists up her nose.
18) 0) text: Easy struggles with Dupree, and Coretta gives him a hand they drag him from Easy's car to her front door, the big man's feet plowing two deep furrows in the lawn.
19) 2) text: Easy pulls and pushes Dupree's dead weight into
19) 5) text: Finally Easy manages to pile Dupree onto the bed and then stands up panting and sweating.
19) 20) text: She undoes a button on his shirt and kisses his chest, an unbuttons another working her way down. Easy sweats harde than when he was lifting Dupree.
19) 25) text: The top of her dress undone, Coretta is straddling Easy w is hitting her spot and his too, in a rhythm. Eyes closed, he bites his lip to hold in the ecstasy so as not awaken Dupree, who is sawing logs -- shredding 'em -- in bedroom. Suddenly Coretta tears herself off of him and sits back o his knees. Easy writhes and shakes like a power line shorting out.
67) 1) dialog: (to the dog) Go on. Go on in the back.
67) 4) dialog: Yeah, Easy! Cops just let me out today. My sister gone to work and I didn't feel much like talking... Raymond...
67) 6) dialog: Yeah. Lula Mae made some 'fore she went to work.
67) 7) text: Dupree ushers them in.
68) 0) text: Dupree's face under the kitchen light shows two swollen black eyes from a brutal police "questioning." His eyes a heavy with liquor and tears glisten down his cheeks.
68) 1) dialog: Why somebody wanna kill her like that? Why?
68) 6) dialog: Letter?   What kinda letter?
68) 8) dialog: Naw. But I know it was on account of her that Coretta got killed.
68) 9) text: Easy rears back in his chair with keen interest and Mouse looks up from his pigtails. Dupree takes a drink and his eyes narrow in anger.
68) 10) dialog: (continuing) Everything between Coretta and that Daphne was always such a damn secret... I mean that ole girl didn't think nothin' about two- timin' on Frank... She probably 'innerduced' Coretta to one of them ole guys she knew... And when he came to the house after Coretta... (starting to break) ...he found out she wasn't that kinda woman... Cops said she fought him... aw my Gawd... fought him 'cause she wouldn't have nobody but me-e-e...
68) 12) dialog: (continuing) Aw Gawd, I can't even go to sleep... 'cause I can still see her face that mornin' 'fore I went to work...
68) 16) dialog: Junior had been by and just left the house... and she came runnin' out to the car carrying her bible... And she said, 'Keep this for me, baby.'
68) 17) text: Easy and Mouse exchange looks.   JACKPOT!   And Dupree fa apart.
68) 18) dialog: (continuing) Police won't even let me go near her house. So it's the only thing I got left from her. It was a sign... I know it was a sign, 'cause she was so religious...
68) 20) text: And he pours Dupree a half glass of rye.
76) 0) text: The street is still alive. A couple of late night juke joints are coughing up the last drunken bits of the party onto the sidewalk to straggle home. Easy's car screams around the corner, and then skids in, sending a heavy-hip young sister, about to cross the street, scrambling for cover. He jumps out just as Mouse scorches the tires on Dupree's '38 Packard in behind him.