42) 10) text: You remind me of Frank when he gets angry.
48) 0) text: He pushes open the door. Shariff loiters just inside, grinning at him, and Manny stands in the middle of the living room looking at the floor. From a RADIO in another room Tommy Dorsey plays "Blue Skies" with Frank Sinatra o front. And so Easy walks past the two hoods into
57) 2) text: Frank looms over him, his   sinister but handsome brown f framed by a short-rimmed,   black Stetson hat and a black shirt and coat. He holds    the knife to Easy's neck, let blade press into the skin   as he talks.
57) 3) dialog: You the reason why she told me to lay low, hunh.
57) 6) text: Frank's eyes flame and he presses the knife, drawing bloo
57) 7) dialog: You a dead man--
57) 12) text: Frank's head whips toward the door and Easy knocks the kn away and comes up tussling. Frank scrambles to get away and Easy tackles him, straini to keep Frank from reaching the knife. THE FRONT DOOR springs open and SPATS ON PATENT LEATHER SHOES clump in, the last one stomping down on Frank's outstretched fingers. Frank screams and cradles his hand agony. Easy scrambles up to his knees and gawks up at MOUSE, dressed in a plaid zoot suit with Broadway suspend down the front of his shirt, a long-barreled .41 caliber pistol held loosely in his hand.
57) 16) text: He holds out his hand and helps Easy to his feet. Frank makes a slight move towards the knife and Mouse lev the pistol at his head, his gold-rimmed teeth glittering from a smile that wants Frank to go for it.
57) 19) text: Frank just stares up at Easy, his eyes sharp and defiant.
57) 26) text: The phone RINGS next to Mouse and he picks it up, eyes st on Frank.
57) 30) text: Frank still won't talk and that does it for Mouse.   He releases the hammer.
57) 32) text: THUNK!   He slaps Frank upside the head with the pistol.
57) 34) text: Easy grabs Mouse's arm and Frank slumps to the floor.
57) 38) text: The two friends struggle, and Frank rears up and plows in Easy, sending him sprawling to the floor on top of Mouse. Then Frank, covered in blood, hurls himself across the ro out the door.
62) 0) text: Miller looks around suspiciously. The room still shows signs of the struggle with Frank Green. He exchanges a lo with Mason.