1) 0) text: Black and grey cars, Packards and Buicks from 1928 to 194 come and go on Central Avenue. Two-storied storefronts wi canvas awnings, above black men and women in hats... all a hurry. The Red Car rumbles through and then a white Cadillac convertible pulls to the curb in front of a butcher shop. Above the shop on the next floor are large partly open windows with JOPPY'S BAR in boldface letters. Inside sits Easy, back to the window reading the classified ads.
2) 5) dialog: Hey, watch the marble!   Dammit, what'd I tell you? The fifty-year-old burly bartender leans over his big stomach checking for cracks and buffing the veiny marble of the bar with a filthy rag. Behind him is a yellow billboard from 1932 with big black letters reading "Fulle vs. Shag. 10 ROUND MAIN EVENT." We could make out more of the poster and the eight-by-ten framed boxing photos arou it if it wasn't so smoky in the place.
2) 7) dialog: I don't know.   Don't it say-- His words hang as his eyes stray toward the door. Easy looks up also at THE DOORWAY which fills with the large frame of the white MAN in an off-white linen suit, his pale eyes surveying t room. Satisfied that all but two of the six tables in the tiny room are unoccupied, he smiles at Joppy and walks to the far end of the bar. Easy is surprised to see Joppy, tough ex-heavyweight that is, duck his head and smile as he makes his way over like he's answering a summons. The white man extends a friendl hand and the two of them shake like old friends and lean close to talk in private. Easy finds it hard not to watch their conversation as he takes a sip from a short glass of bourbon on the rocks. After a moment...
2) 8) dialog: Easy, come on over here. This here's somebody I want ya to meet... Come on. This here's a friend of mine. Easy drains his glass and stands up, then walks over.
2) 9) dialog: Yeah, Easy.   This here's Mr. Albright.
2) 14) dialog: (bowing and grinning)
2) 17) text: Ever seen this guy fight...? Any time Joppy Shag stepped in the ring you knew you were gonna see some real knock-down-drag-out- fisticuffs... Where you from, Easy?
2) 22) dialog: Aw yeah, Easy always tryin' to do better. Got his high school certificate from night school. He's threatenin' up on some college. And he's one of the few colored men around here who owns his own house. Shoot, he pays a mortgage every month just like a white man.
2) 33) dialog: Just somebody I know... A bidness man.
2) 35) dialog: Oh, I don't ask him all that. He comes in here every so often looking for somebody to do a little job for him... He pays good.
2) 37) dialog: I didn't say that... But if there's a dollar laying in the street I don't think he'll let a little dirt stop him from picking it up. If you worried about making that house note this month, maybe you wanna pay him a call. All them pretty girls you be with ain't gonna buy you a house.
2) 40) dialog: (continuing)
51) 0) text: Easy stops in the doorway, seeing JOPPY as usual buffing the marble top of his bar. T-Bone Walker's "They Call It Stormy Monday" is on the jukebox.
51) 4) dialog: Hey, Easy.
51) 5) text: Easy stops at the bar and stares at Joppy.
51) 7) dialog: What girl is that?
51) 9) dialog: Uh, huh.   That's pretty lucky, hunh?
51) 11) text: Joppy inadvertently clenches his fists and notices Easy's aggressive stance.
51) 13) dialog: Maybe she looked in the phone book.
51) 15) text: Joppy's eyes narrow.
51) 16) dialog: What the hell you mean, coming up here all mad like you gonna do something?!...
51) 20) dialog: (yelling back) What did I tell you? To just take that man's money! I didn't tell you to do nothin'! I call myself trying to help you save your house... Don't come up in here startin' no shit with me.
51) 22) dialog: (continuing; panicked) Easy, wait! Watch my marble! My uncle left me that when he died!
51) 24) text: He draws back for the downswing, and Joppy drops the baseball bat, holding up his hands.
51) 25) dialog: Let's talk.   Let's just talk.
51) 27) text: Joppy inhales, forcing himself to be calm.
51) 28) dialog: She asked me to help her 'cause I told her that Albright was lookin' for her. And I figured I could help you make a few bucks and throw Albright off the trail too. She wanted to know something about you so I told her... I guess I must've give her your phone number...
51) 32) dialog: I don't know...
51) 34) dialog: I ain't lyin'... I don't even know her that good. She just asked me to help her. And she asked me not to tell nobody... I guess 'cause of her and Frank Green.
51) 36) dialog: I swear I don't know. She didn't tell me. I didn't mean to get you into nothin', Easy... I just... she just... I mean you seen her, Easy... Man, she's something else.
51) 37) text: Easy can see "sucker" written all over Joppy as he fumble for a cigarette with one hand and shakes his head with disgust as he lights up.
51) 39) text: Joppy frowns painfully and continues to wipe the bar.
73) 0) text: Joppy points a finger in Coretta's face, backing her agai the counter. She grabs a knife from a rack of dishes left out to dry.
73) 2) text: She swipes at Joppy and he backhands her against the stove... She struggles to grab a pot of boiling water, bu he wrests it from her and slings her across the room agai the counter, her head striking the tile on the way down.
78) 0) text: He charges through the raucous laughter of the half-full room right up to the bar. Joppy nearly drops the glasses he is clearing away as he looks down the barrel of the pistol aimed at his face.
78) 2) text: Joppy hesitates, recognizing the voice.
78) 4) text: And he cocks the hammer, causing Joppy to get a move on f behind the bar. Easy shoves him through the door, calling back to the startled crowd on his way out.
79) 0) text: Easy hides the piece in his coat pocket as he bum rushes Joppy to the car.
79) 1) dialog: Easy, what the hell you--
79) 3) text: And he shoves Joppy into the back seat, getting in next t him.
80) 2) dialog: Man, I don't--
80) 4) dialog: There's a cabin out in Malibu on Route 9...
82) 2) dialog: I guess so. He's done this kinda thing out there before.
82) 8) text: And he pulls out his pistol, aiming it back over the seat Joppy as he drives. KABLAAM! The bullet slams through the rear window just to the side of Joppy's head.
82) 10) text: KABLAAM! This one digs out a chunk of upholstery between Joppy and Easy.
82) 12) text: The car screeches to a halt and Mouse tries to aim again. But Easy struggles with Mouse's gun hand still holding a pistol on Joppy.
82) 14) text: KABLAAM!   This one rips through the roof. Joppy's yelling, afraid that Easy's gun will go off.
84) 0) text: Easy, with the gun on Joppy, strains to see the dimly lit road in front of them.
84) 2) dialog: Yeah, that's it.
86) 6) dialog: Naw.   It's farther up.
86) 8) dialog: Another ten minutes, I guess. Easy, I swear, I ain't done nothin' to nobody. I swear, I ain't.
87) 1) dialog: There it is.
87) 5) dialog: Easy, come on, man. That girl is lying if she told you I killed them folks.
91) 2) text: And then he looks around quickly, seeing JOPPY'S BODY lying off on the side of the road.