13) 13) dialog: You're the boss.
48) 0) text: He pushes open the door. Shariff loiters just inside, grinning at him, and Manny stands in the middle of the living room looking at the floor. From a RADIO in another room Tommy Dorsey plays "Blue Skies" with Frank Sinatra o front. And so Easy walks past the two hoods into
48) 18) text: And he reaches for his pocket, but Albright reaches too - and suddenly, Manny and Shariff are in the room and on Ea like a vice. Albright presses the barrel of the .45 again Easy's forehead.
48) 62) text: He walks out the screen door with Manny and Shariff following.
73) 16) text: And Manny and Shariff step in, too, carrying baseball bat
73) 20) text: Manny swings the baseball bat into Easy's side. and Easy yells and plows into him, wrestling him against the wall. Albright grabs Easy from behind and pries him free enough for Manny to uppercut him to the chin with the fat end of the bat. Easy sinks to his knees seeing double. Shariff leads Daphne back into the room, her face contort into tears, her arm twisted up behind her in a hammerlock
73) 29) text: Shariff leads Daphne outside and Manny draws his forty-fi automatic and trains it on Easy, cocking the hammer.
88) 3) text: Easy can barely make out Shariff passing the window.   He strains to see more.
88) 13) text: 124   Easy's gotta make a move. KABLANGALANGLE! He smashe window with the gun and the shade rattles all the way up. Manny looks right up at his face as Daphne arches and flails, trying to get free from his hands that are pinnin her down on a battered old sofa. Albright is holding a glowing red poker that Shariff, standing in front of the fireplace, has just handed him. Easy starts blasting.   KABLAAM!   Manny takes one to the throat. KABLAAM! Albright and Shariff lunge for cover, and Daphne ducks do behind the back of the sofa, screaming and screaming. Manny, hand to his throat, pulls his gun on reflex, firin into the floor and then half runs, half staggers out the side door just ahead of another KABLAAM! that digs out a chunk of the wall. Easy hears the screen door open and then ducks down, gett ready for Manny who should be coming his way from the sid door. He HEARS more steps stumble out and then... SILENCE And then, KABLAAM! BLAAM! Two huge blasts rip right through the wall next to Easy's head, and he scrambles to the side of the house, underneath another window with the shade pulled down.
88) 15) dialog: (getting frantic) I don't know!
88) 22) text: Daphne cries out and KLABLANGLE! Easy breaks the window with the gun but KABLAAM! BLAAM! BLAAM! The windowsill tears out above his head and Daphne screams again. Easy looks up to see Shariff, holding her in front of him a shield. He's headed straight for Easy, drawing a bead o him for the kill. And then KABLAAM! the back of Shariff's skull flies off and MOUSE is in the side door, blasting.     BLAAM! Albright breaks for the window. BLAAM! The slug spins him halfway around but he hurls himself through the window backwards. Easy scurries to the front of the house and BLAAM! The bullet goes wide and Albright manages to get into his car and returns fire. BLAAM! BLAAM!... Easy hits the deck. Albright's engine roars to life and he SQUEALS out on the gravel. Mouse appears on the other side of the house and CLICK! CLICK! he's out of ammo. He pulls out the other pistol, but it's too late.