1) 1) dialog: You’1l do it. Mari startles slightly, spins around to see her mom, EMMA, 41, confident, fit, earthy good looks.
1) 3) dialog: Well, if it was somebody else’s record you were trying to beat, you might have cause.
1) 5) dialog: Nope. We’re leaving.
1) 7) dialog: I already packed for you.
2) 5) dialog: I already packed for you --
4) 0) text: Mari driving. Emma in the passenger seat, anxiously flipping through a newspaper, on cell phone:
4) 1) dialog: (into cell as needed) No, I don’t see it -- hang on -- I’m in the wrong section -- Emma throws aside a mess of newspapers. Mari smiles, rolls her eyes -- Emma mouths “I know” as she brings up another section --
4) 2) dialog: Here, found it --
4) 4) dialog: (re: ad in newspaper) Yeah, I see it now. You’re right, the price is wrong. No problem, I'll have ‘em correct it and tell them to forget charging us. Bye. Emma flips the phone shut, stuffs the newspaper in her bag next to a stash of magazines. Emma sighs.
4) 6) dialog: I’m on vacation now. We suddenly hear SNORING 0.S. Mari turns to see John, curled up in the back seat, still wearing scrubs (fresh ones) and sleeping like a baby. Mari rolls her eyes at Emma.
4) 7) dialog: I know. Another snore. Emma nudges John --
4) 10) dialog: Jesus...
4) 14) dialog: I like it. Tells me the turn’s coming up.
4) 16) dialog: Of course it does. You keep going straight, you eventually hit the water.
4) 21) dialog: John --
4) 25) dialog: Good, maybe you can dream up some new material. THEIR POV - THROUGH THE SUV’S WINDSHIELD - Mari turns into a gravel driveway just ahead of a forest-bordered dead end.
5) 2) dialog: (nodding) About three months ago, when you were training... I came up and did a few things before Uncle Dan got here...
5) 4) dialog: About a week. Him and another couple... John gets out.
5) 7) dialog: (trying not to show disappointment) You want to sleep in the guesthouse?
5) 10) dialog: -- It’s all yours.
5) 13) dialog: Thanks. 13.
5) 15) dialog: (back to Mari) Happy early birthday.
7) 0) text: John and Emma carry their luggage through the kitchen, into the living room through to the foyer and up the stairs, giving us a sense of the home’s layout. At the top of the stairs on the
7) 2) dialog: Hey you -- John turns back, sees Emma still standing at the stairs -
7) 3) dialog: How ‘bout you try bunking with me for a change? 14.
7) 5) dialog: Wait, wait, you misunderstood. You can sleep anywhere you want. John smiles, heads back her way. Emma stops him with a gentle but firm hand on the arm. EMMA (CONT’D) I’m glad we’re here.
7) 7) dialog: (gently) We are getting there. One day at a time.
12) 0) text: Mari enters to find Emma putting supplies and groceries away. We note a small household FIRE EXTINGUISHER among the items on the counter. We PAN TO REVEAL John trying to pull the microwave from its dock above the stove.
12) 4) dialog: He didn’t hear you.
12) 7) dialog: Oh yeah? You talked to her?
12) 9) dialog: Huh. Well, good. Oh hey, you mind picking up a few things while you’re at it? I forgot some breakfast stuff.
12) 11) dialog: Here’s the list --
12) 13) dialog: Oh, that’s great, sweetie. Did you hear that, John? He’s still focused on the microwave -- peering in at the circuitry. He flips a switch inside the casing somewhere. The microwave suddenly HUMS TO LIFE - with the door still open. EMMA (CONT’D) John -- it’s not supposed to -- John SLAMS the microwave door. Eyes them innocently.
12) 15) dialog: (re: microwave) Goodwill.
12) 20) dialog: Have fun. 18. Mari smiles, pecks John on the cheek, heads out.
28) 0) text: ON the HISSING STATIC of a small TV. It disappears as the TV’s clicked off. John, at the kitchen table, tosses the remote aside, his half-eaten dinner in front of him, eating alone. The sound of muted POUNDING RAIN is constant. John gets up, heads to the sink, peers out the window as Emma enters.
28) 2) dialog: I’1l get some candles out just in case. DING DONG. Both John and Emma freeze for a moment and then look at each other in surprise. Then -- BANG, BANG, BANG on the door. It’s urgent.
29) 1) dialog: Oh my god --
30) 8) dialog: Doesn't matter. Insurance or not, they still have to treat you.
30) 11) dialog: Our daughter has the car. She’s spending the night at a friend’s. Emma hands Krug a steaming cup of coffee --
30) 13) dialog: Emma. She hands another mug to Sadie.
30) 16) dialog: (awkwardly) Oh. Thanks. (to Justin) Justin, do you want some hot chocolate? Justin sits across the room in a chair by the corner, staring ahead blankly with a towel wrapped around him.
30) 20) dialog: (to Krug) What were you doing out in the storm anyway?
30) 25) dialog: Yeesh. I’m so sorry. She walks to Justin and offers it to him, smiling warmly. Justin slowly looks up Emma in silent misery. After a moment, he reaches out and takes the mug from her.
30) 27) dialog: Sure. You’re okay, Justin. I can‘t imagine what you just went through, but you’re okay. Okay? She smiles, walks back to the counter as Francis flinches again.
30) 32) dialog: How would you know? John snorts, half in amusement, half in irritation.
30) 33) dialog: (to Krug) Our daughter turns eighteen tomorrow.
30) 41) dialog: The service is so bad up here... 60.
30) 45) dialog: They might have one or two.
30) 48) dialog: Don’t worry, we're prepared. Emma fishes around, digs out the matches and candles, starts lighting as John secures a butterfly bandage to Francis’ nose.
30) 54) dialog: Sure. Emma gladly steps out. Francis watches her all the way.
32) 0) text: Emma enters to find John starting the fire. Krug, Francis, Sadie, Justin looking on.
32) 1) dialog: No luck with the cell.
32) 6) dialog: (a bit too quickly) Or the guest house... Might work best.
32) 8) dialog: Sure, she’s not coming back tonight. It’d be more private.
32) 12) dialog: Just put it in the kitchen sink. Justin gets up, heads into...
35) 1) dialog: carrying empty coffee mugs --
35) 2) dialog: (re: photo) Oh -- That’s our daughter, Mari, the car thief. Emma goes to the sink, starts rinsing out the mugs as Justin suddenly doubles-over and THROWS UP a little.
35) 3) dialog: Oh, honey...
35) 5) dialog: ...-down the hall. Justin bolts.
39) 0) text: The muted sound of PEOPLE TALKING is heard from the living room as the bathroom door UNLOCKS and slowly opens a little for Justin to stick his head out. Seeing that the coast is clear, he walks into the hall and approaches the living room. JUSTIN’S POV - Through the living room doorway, Krug comes into view as he talks to Emma and John.
40) 0) text: Everyone dressed in ponchos, Emma, carrying the flashlight and a bundle of candles and matches, rushes through the downpour, leading Krug, Sadie, Francis, and Justin to the guesthouse.
41) 1) dialog: Voila. She strikes a match, starts lighting candles...
41) 3) dialog: I don’t know about that, but it sleeps four pretty comfortably. The couch folds out. Sheets should already be on it. Another bedroom’s in there, let me just check something -- Emma quickly heads off to the
41) 6) dialog: So the bathroom’s in there... can’t say much for the water pressure though. There might be some stuff in the medicine cabinet if Justin feels sick again. Krug and Francis cross the room to approach Emma as she ducks into the bathroom. 67.
41) 7) dialog: We're pretty well stocked, I think... Emma turns back for the bedroom and flinches slightly as she finds Krug and Francis standing right in front of her, a little too close. EMMA (CONT’D) Anything you need before we turn in for the night? Krug smiles mechanically.
41) 9) dialog: Well, if you need anything, just -- well, I guess you can’t call us so just -- come on back over and give us a shout.
41) 11) dialog: Well... Goodnight.
42) 0) text: As Emma darts back across to the main house we PULL BACK to reveal
43) 0) text: KRUG‘S POV - Seen through the window, Emma heads to the main house. Krug watches her all the way, his eyes predatory and unblinking as Francis gazes at her over his shoulder.
44) 0) text: Emma is heard CLOSING THE FRONT DOOR as John sits at the table putting away his medical instruments. A muted BANGING is suddenly heard from somewhere in the house, as if something is being blown back and forth in the wind.
45) 0) text: Emma puts her poncho in the closet, a little shaken.
45) 1) dialog: Yeah... they’re fine.
45) 3) dialog: That’s the understatement of the year. John pauses to listen to the BANGING.
45) 6) dialog: I didn’t think I did -- BANG. BANG. BANG. Muffled under the thunder. John and Emma turn toward the sound, their blood running cold. What the hell is that? John heads to the cabinet, takes out the flashlight.
46) 0) text: The BANGING is louder as John and Emma cautiously enter. A healthy FIRE blazes in the fireplace, creating ghoulish dancing shadows as they approach the sliding glass door.
47) 0) text: The BANGING is even louder now as John and Emma appear on the other side of the glass door. John unlocks the door and slides it open. He aims the flashlight beam around the room... JOHN’S POV - scanning across the porch as rain pounds down on the screened-in room. The flashlight’s beam comes to the porch’s SCREEN-DOOR as it BANGS in the wind. John heads to the door, latches it shut. He then looks down, the beam falling on A TRAIL OF SMALL PUDDLES. John aims the beam along the trail that stops on a pair of wet SNEAKERS poking out from behind the hot tub. John’s eyes widen in horror. He bolts around to the back of the hot tub where
47) 4) dialog: Oh God! Mari!
47) 6) dialog: Oh god -- oh my god -- Another FLASH of lightning and ROAR of thunder -- John pulls up Mari’s eyelid --
47) 9) dialog: Do something, John, do something! John shakily lifts Mari into his arms --
47) 14) dialog: What about --
47) 17) dialog: But what about the bullet, John?
49) 0) text: Warm steam seeps from under the hot tub’s cover as Emma enters, hands John the now RED HOT poker. Sets his medical bag and a stack of towels on the hot-tub cover next to Emma.
49) 2) dialog: (heading out) Getting it now --
50) 0) text: Emma races into the kitchen. Frantically picks up her cell: NO SIGNAL. 73. She opens the cabinet above the counter, grabs a bottle of Jack Daniels. She then turns and sees the sparkling necklace in the sink! Emma SHRIEKS, jumps back, scared shitless. She then peers back into the sink, wide-eyed as she takes in the sight of Mari‘s necklace -- neatly encircling the red mug. Unbelieving, Emma picks it up. She turns the medallion over, sees the inscription. Emma recoils in horror, eyes wide, thoughts racing --
51) 9) dialog: It was in the sink -- The kid -- Justin -- I think he put it there-- John hesitates only for a beat, totally overloaded with that one --
51) 10) dialog: (re: Krug, Sadie, Francis) John, they’re --
51) 15) dialog: John -- John grabs a towel, dabs at the blood, then RIPS a piece of medical tape off, affixes it to the section of magazine cover. He then tapes the magazine cover over the small hole he’s just cut into Mari’s chest. As Mari breathes, we see the piece of magazine raise up and down from the escaping air as Mari’s breathing becomes less labored.
51) 19) dialog: I found it in the sink. It was intentionally placed there, wrapped around the mug I gave Justin --
51) 22) dialog: What is it?
51) 26) dialog: (realizing) He saw her picture -- on the fridge -- he saw it and he looked like a goddamned ghost -- oh my god -- I should've seen it... I should’ve -- John eyes Emma a beat, his mind racing. He then eyes Mari for a beat. Then heads quickly into the
51) 31) dialog: How do you know?
51) 33) dialog: Is six miles from here --
52) 0) text: John and Emma rifle through drawers, looking for the missing keys --
52) 2) dialog: My brother did. When he stayed here --
52) 4) dialog: They could be there or still in the boat --
52) 6) dialog: John --
53) 0) text: Justin lies in bed. Still wide awake -- he turns over, peers out the window -- JUSTIN’S POV - THE MAIN HOUSE - he catches glimpses of Emma and John’s silhouettes moving around inside, candles being blown out... cU - JUSTIN - clearly wondering -- haven’t they found the necklace yet? Do they know? Sure doesn’t look like it as the house goes dark...
55) 0) text: Emma gently finishes wrapping Mari in a thick blanket.
55) 1) dialog: There you go, sweetie. Emma sits on the hot tub cover next to Mari whose eyes flutter open. Emma smiles down at her daughter, smooths her hair.
55) 2) dialog: Everything’s gonna be okay. We’re leaving very soon. Emma kisses Mari on the forehead. Turns to see John standing in the doorway. He shakes his head slightly: “no keys.” Emma nods back. She knows what that means -- 79.
58) 0) text: cU - EMMA’S HAND pulls a BUTCHER’S KNIFE from its place in the knife-holder. She stares down at the enormous weapon, a mirror of John’s nervous apprehension.
58) 2) dialog: Uh, just me. John’s asleep. Emma breathes hard, staring at Francis in frozen terror. sl.
58) 4) dialog: Wait -- Francis turns back.
58) 5) dialog: I don’t think a cold beer’s gonna cut it. Not on a night like this.
58) 7) dialog: I think a warmer adult beverage --
58) 9) dialog: I think we do.
58) 11) dialog: (an icy glare) We just ran out of that. You a wine drinker? Francis smiles.
58) 13) dialog: Then you're in luck. Emma walks to the knife on the counter. She eyes it in trembling uncertainty as she reaches up to the wine shelf, grabs a bottle -- 82.
58) 14) dialog: That rain letting up any?
58) 16) dialog: Glasses. Right. Sorry. Emma goes to the fridge and smoothly slides the photo off the door and slips it in her jeans pocket just as Francis turns and approaches. Emma goes up on her tiptoes, opens the cabinet above the fridge, pulls out two wine glasses.
58) 17) dialog: Here we go. Francis eyes her ass hungrily, but quickly raises his eyes to meet hers again as she turns back around.
58) 20) dialog: You fucking animals. Francis stumbles back toward the living room, looks up only to come face to face with JOHN - stepping into the doorway, the HAMMER raised. SMACK! John BASHES Francis’ jaw in. Francis stumbles to the side in stunned shock, hitting the counter, SHATTERING some dinnerware -- John SWINGS at him again but misses, the hammer SMASHING through a cabinet next to Francis’ head -- Terrified, Francis turns to escape, but runs right into the business end of that shiny BUTCHER KNIFE. Francis freezes in shock. Looks down to see the knife protruding from his chest. He looks up, his dying eyes meeting those of
58) 21) dialog: Staring at him as he slinks to the floor.
58) 22) dialog: What did you do to my daughter? Huh? Were you the one that shot her? Raped her?! Francis’ eyes widen in shock, the full knowledge of what’s happening overtaking him -- Francis CRIES OUT in GURGLING wretchedness, choking on his own blood as
59) 0) text: The door slowly opens. John cautiously slips inside with his hammer in hand. Emma follows with her knife. Both eye the empty pull-out bed: Justin’s not there. John eyes the dark, partially-open doorway leading to the bedroom and looks at Emma. WNods to the chest of drawers. Emma tip toes over to the chest, slides the drawers open anxiously looking for the boat keys. She turns to John, shakes her head -- they’re not here. John swallows and quietly moves to the door. Carefully reaches out and eases it open --
60) 6) dialog: John! John whirls around.
60) 16) dialog: Appears in the doorway and levels the gun at Sadie.
60) 17) dialog: John, GET DOWN! John drops as -- BAM! Emma FIRES. SHOOTS Sadie center forehead, spattering her blood against the tile wall as her body slides to the floor. Emma coldly lowers the gun. Stands frozen for a beat. Then hands the gun back to John who wordlessly accepts it. He steps toward the tub, reaches down to Justin. Turns him over. He’s still out. John feels for a pulse. Turns to Emma, his mind racing --
60) 19) dialog: (re: Krug) John, he could be --
62) 0) text: Emma‘s tearing the room apart looking for the keys --
62) 1) dialog: Goddammit! ! She empties another drawer -- nothing. She spins around, stops cold at the sight of Justin -- staring at her from the bathroom door. A tense beat. Then --
64) 0) text: Emma enters with the flashlight. She shines it over to the boat to reveal MARI wrapped warmly in a robe and towels, lying in the boat‘s back seat! Emma leans over her. Mari’s eyes open, shift up to her mother.
64) 1) dialog: Hang on, sweetie. We're still -- we might -- we might have to do this another way... Evidently, the keys haven’t turned up yet. Off this -- 90.
66) 0) text: The side door opens and Justin steps in. Emma whirls around, aims the flashlight. Justin holds up a _set of keys_on a _bobber key chain. 93.
66) 2) dialog: Thank god... yes... She grabs them, anxiously pokes her head out the door, looks up to the main house, deeply concerned.
68) 0) text: CU - MARI - She opens her eyes, looks up at her mom sitting next to her. Emma smiles, moves her hand down to Mari’s waist, revealing the BUTCHER KNIFE firmly clasped in Mari’s hands. Emma gently takes it. Kisses Mari on the forehead as John starts the motor, backs the boat out into the open water... Justin sits silently in the front passenger seat.