0) 43) dialog: Don’t call me Francis. He’s fine.
17) 14) dialog: What the hell is this? (to Justin; re: Mari and Paige) What the fuck did you do? Over this, a strong gust of wind blows through the room.
17) 16) dialog: What?
17) 26) text: Mari. I’m Krug, this is Francis, but call him Frank... and my girlfriend, Sadie.
17) 29) dialog: So it’s Mommy and Daddy's? Mari eyes them a beat. Clearly sensing the trouble brewing.
17) 34) dialog: We sure as hell do.
17) 58) dialog: Yeah, I think maybe I do.
17) 74) dialog: Goddammit! 34. Francis is closest. He barrels after Paige who SLAMS and LOCKS the bathroom door in his face.
18) 5) dialog: Suddenly SLAMS through the door -- PAIGE (CONT’D) No! No!! Francis grabs a fistful of Paige’s hair, yanks her back and SLAMS her forehead into the edge of the sink. She drops to the floor. Out cold. Francis stands there, trembling from the adrenaline rush. ON KRUG - turning to Sadie who’s still peeking out the window.
18) 10) dialog: Knocked her silly, but she’s coming around. Krug tosses the car keys to Francis.
20) 4) dialog: Right.
20) 6) dialog: No, the way to the park entrance is left. Right takes you to the lake.
20) 8) dialog: Pretty much. Krug glares, not satisfied.
20) 15) dialog: (panicking) Fuck! Francis hurls himself across Paige and Sadie to grab Mari as she frantically reaches for the back door handle --
23) 0) text: The SUV SCREECHES across the pavement and tumbles off the road into the woods -- INSIDE THE SUV - Blood-curdling SCREAMS as it rolls end over end, down the incline -- MARI falls back inside the SUV as -- WHAM! It SMASHES into a tree, miraculously UPRIGHT. Silence. No movement. A long beat as steam HISSES from the busted engine. Quiet. Bordering on peaceful even -- until finally -- One of the back doors opens and Paige falls out onto the ground. She looks up, blinking and dazed, but unhurt. She rises unsteadily to her feet - BAM! Krug KNOCKS HER DOWN - She looks up in fear as he towers over her angrily -- IN THE SUV’S PASSENGER SEAT - a foggy-looking Justin rubs his head, his deflated airbag deployed. A back-door opens and Francis groggily emerges, moaning. His nose has been broken and it’s a bloody mess. Krug sees it, cringes -- 40.
23) 2) dialog: Motherf-- He turns to see Mari stumble from the rear left passenger door of the SUV, dazed and unsteady. FRANCIS (CONT’D) You little bitch... Francis strides to Mari and SLAPS her across the face, knocking her to the ground next to Paige. BAM! He KICKS Mari in the stomach and she CRIES OUT, the wind knocked out of her, COUGHING.
23) 10) dialog: I was afraid you were gonna make me flip for it. Francis approaches Mari, leans down to grab her up when - BAM! Paige snatches up a nearby heavy, rotted branch and HITS Francis in his busted nose -- Francis SCREAMS in agony as Paige leaps to her feet and TAKES OFF like a shot into the forest -- Francis charges after Paige like a mad bull. Sadie turns to Krug who just stares at her, clearly irritated at their incompetence --
23) 13) dialog: 
23) 15) text: Paige glances over her shoulder in terror, sees Francis gaining on her and Sadie not far behind him -- She whimpers in fear and pushes herself even harder -- Paige disappears from his vision as the terrain dips and she heads down a hill. She stumbles down the steep incline, leaping over logs, obstacles... suddenly TRIPS on a rock, CRIES OUT as she sprains her ankle, FALLING forward, now TUMBLING and ROLLING down the hill toward
23) 22) dialog: Back atcha, Paige. He cold cocks her, KNOCKING her senseless. Paige hits the ground. Francis grabs the gun out of Sadie’s waist band, aims at Paige --
23) 24) dialog: No?!
24) 0) text: Paige, her wrists tied with pieces of her now shredded shirt, is thrown to the ground next to Mari. Krug is still glaring, just as we left him, intense uncertainty raging in his eyes. Sadie and Francis stare at him expectantly. Justin stands in the b.g. Too terrified to move as
24) 2) dialog: What now?
24) 3) text: Krug doesn’t respond. KRUG’S POV - He looks from Francis to Sadie to the girls and his wandering gaze comes to rest on Justin, who’s staring at the ground. Sensing this, Justin looks up at Krug, looking uneasy at being the focus of his father’s attention.
24) 34) dialog: You stay right there, Justin. 48. Justin backs away, tears streaming. He presses up against a tree, then slinks to the ground -- and turns away. cU - MARI - Her eyes stream with tears as Krug -- O.S. -- thrusts at her from behind, savagely... Sadie watches. Wide-eyed. Psychotically mesmerized. Francis’ eyes are more uncertain. Yet he remains still.
25) 11) dialog: Holy shit.
26) 0) text: Krug, Francis, and Sadie make their way back up to the crashed SUV. Justin’s still sitting against the tree staring at Paige’s body.
26) 5) dialog: Shouldn’t we bury her?
27) 0) text: Krug, Francis, Justin, Sadie, walking on the shoulder. We PULL BACK to reveal the “LAKE ENDS IN THE ROAD” SIGN coming into frame as they approach. Krug eyes it.
27) 1) dialog: (sarcastic) Oh, that’s helpful.
27) 3) dialog: Yeah, why?
27) 5) dialog: You‘re right.
29) 0) text: The front door is opened to expose a soaking-wet Krug standing outside, his hands on the shoulders of a dazed Justin standing in front of him. Francis and Sadie stand behind them in the downpour, Francis with a bloody piece of clothing held to his nose.
30) 0) text: cU - Francis’ bloody BUSTED NOSE. FINGERS suddenly appear and grab it, twisting the cartilage back into place with a sickening SNAP as fresh blood oozes out.
30) 1) dialog: Jesus -- FUCK! WIDER - John sits next to Francis, presses a towel to his newly reset nose. Emma’s in the b.g. making coffee.
30) 2) dialog: Shit -- shit. 56.
30) 4) dialog: Deep breath deep breath -- Standing against the counter draped in towels, Krug and Sadie wince.
30) 28) dialog: Owfuck.
30) 52) dialog: Thanks, I think. Emma hands Francis a mug of coffee and he eyes the attractive woman with interest. FRANCIS (CONT’D) And thank you. Emma notices Francis’ hungry eyes --
32) 0) text: Emma enters to find John starting the fire. Krug, Francis, Sadie, Justin looking on.
32) 2) dialog: (again eyeing Emma) Looks like we’re still stuck here.
32) 10) dialog: (again to Emma) We're easy. 63. ON JUSTIN - he’s been sitting on the sofa, sipping his hot chocolate. He finishes.
40) 0) text: Everyone dressed in ponchos, Emma, carrying the flashlight and a bundle of candles and matches, rushes through the downpour, leading Krug, Sadie, Francis, and Justin to the guesthouse.
41) 5) dialog: Enter in the darkness.
41) 12) dialog: Goodnight. Goodnight. Emma laughs politely as she passes between Krug and Francis, makes her way out...
43) 0) text: KRUG‘S POV - Seen through the window, Emma heads to the main house. Krug watches her all the way, his eyes predatory and unblinking as Francis gazes at her over his shoulder.
43) 1) dialog: I’d sure like to clear the cobwebs from her cunt. Francis hungrily watches Emma disappear into the house.
58) 1) dialog: Hey there. Emma YELPS in surprise and spins around to see Francis standing just ten feet from her. FRANCIS (CONT’D) Sorry, sorry, I thought you heard me come in. I saw the fire still going. Figured you were both night owls. Emma smiles weakly.
58) 3) dialog: That last lightning bolt woke me up. Thought maybe a cold beer might help put me back to sleep. Francis turns for the fridge. Emma’s eyes widen. Francis is about to see the family photo!
58) 6) dialog: Well, what is gonna cut it, Mrs. Collingwood?
58) 8) dialog: Adult beverage, huh? We fall into that category? Francis moves closer, eyeing Emma’s cleavage beneath her button down blouse.
58) 10) dialog: Then I guess you’re my bartender. Maybe a little Jack Daniels --
58) 12) dialog: Guess I am tonight.
58) 15) dialog: Ah, it’s not that bad out there anymore. Emma turns and freezes in surprise as she sees that Francis has come closer to stand right in front of her. Emma flinches a little as Francis reaches past her. He leisurely picks up the knife from the counter. FRANCIS (CONT’D) I think the storm’s finally on its way out. Francis slides the knife back into its empty place in the knife-holder and smiles at Emma innocently. A beat. FRANCIS (CONT’D) Do I get a glass or do you want me to chug it straight from the bottle?
58) 18) dialog: (smiling) Thanks. Francis suddenly pauses -- FRANCIS (CONT’D) Now all we need’s -- Francis suddenly stops short -- seeing something 0.8. FRANCIS’S POV - peering through the living room and sliding glass door to Mari lying on the hot tub on the back porch. 83.
58) 19) dialog: -- Holy fucking -- He turns back. Emma is standing right behind him. She SMASHES the WINE BOTTLE across his face!!