2) 0) text: On DR. JOHN COLLINGWOOD, 45, exhausted from a double shift with the stubble to prove it (but it also makes him more handsome than he already is). He’s focused on a 50‘ish convulsing male patient, HADLEY. NURSES surround the table, assisting. Palpable tension.
2) 1) dialog: Goddammit, where’s that O-neg? A nurse races in with the blood. John grabs it. Hooks up the transfusion. JOHN (CONT’D) Have the OR prep four more units, tell them to stand by. The nurse leaves. JOHN (CONT’D) You’re gonna be okay, Mr. Hadley. Try to breathe normally. (to nurse) Five milligrams dopamine -- The nurse administers the shot. The patient calms. JOHN (CONT’D) There you go, Mr. Hadley, you’re doing great. (to nurses) Alright, let’s get our VIP guest Mr. Hadley here up to the penthouse suite pronto. John looks down at Mr. Hadley who reaches out, trying to mouth a thank you -- John nods with a reassuring smile as the nurses wheel Hadley into the hall. ON JOHN - standing there as the trauma room falls silent. He exhales in relief. Scoops off his mask, runs a hand through his hair. Looks up to see EMMA peeking through the window in the door. She slowly pushes it open.
2) 2) dialog: Emma, I can’t --
2) 4) dialog: But I haven’t even --
4) 9) dialog: (acting groggy) Whaa... purple elephant...
4) 11) dialog: Are we there yet?
4) 18) dialog: (still lying in back seat, arm over his face) Mari, stop stressing, you’re on vacation...
4) 20) dialog: I’ve got some good drugs for that.
4) 22) dialog: It’s the last house on the left, in case you forgot.
4) 24) dialog: I was being ironical for god’s sake. I’m going back to sleep.
5) 5) dialog: (re: guesthouse) Water pressure still sucks, though.
5) 8) dialog: Of course she does, it’s the perfect getaway from the getaway with the "dreaded parents.”
5) 12) dialog: Thank your mom, she did the work.
7) 0) text: John and Emma carry their luggage through the kitchen, into the living room through to the foyer and up the stairs, giving us a sense of the home’s layout. At the top of the stairs on the
7) 4) dialog: Em, You know I don’t sleep, I just... toss and turn.
7) 6) dialog: (mostly sincere) Me, too. (trying to reassure) We‘ll get there...
7) 8) dialog: Yeah. Emma smiles, then leans in for a kiss. John returns the gesture. Then he drops his bag and pulls her in for a tight, playful squeeze -- Emma giggles, pretends to choke as John lifts her off the floor... then WINCES in pain --
7) 9) dialog: Ooh -- back -- Emma smacks him on the shoulder, thinks he’s making a statement about her weight, but -- JOHN (CONT’D) Em, I’m not kidding --
12) 0) text: Mari enters to find Emma putting supplies and groceries away. We note a small household FIRE EXTINGUISHER among the items on the counter. We PAN TO REVEAL John trying to pull the microwave from its dock above the stove.
12) 2) dialog: I’1l be relaxed once I get this friggin piece of pre-historic junk out of my sight.
12) 5) dialog: I’m ignoring her.
12) 14) dialog: Fixed.
12) 17) dialog: (taking out his wallet) I assume you need cash?
12) 19) dialog: I think you have the order mixed up -- Emma grabs John’s wallet, takes out the rest of his cash, hands it to Mari.
25) 0) text: John looks up from a magazine, hearing the distant POP of gunfire. He gets up, slides the glass door open, steps out onto the screened-in
28) 0) text: ON the HISSING STATIC of a small TV. It disappears as the TV’s clicked off. John, at the kitchen table, tosses the remote aside, his half-eaten dinner in front of him, eating alone. The sound of muted POUNDING RAIN is constant. John gets up, heads to the sink, peers out the window as Emma enters.
28) 1) dialog: Man, I can’t remember the last time we had one this bad. 55.
28) 3) dialog: What the hell?
29) 3) dialog: This is gonna hurt.
30) 3) dialog: Calm down. Deep breath. Worst part’s over.
30) 6) dialog: That I am, but you still need to get to a hospital. All of you do.
30) 10) dialog: Of course. Only one problem --
30) 19) dialog: Try not to move. Emma stirs some cocoa powder into a bright RED MUG.
30) 22) dialog: Neither did the airhead weather babe. (off Emma’s glare) Okay, she wasn’t an airhead. Krug chuckles at John’s joke. Then:
30) 29) dialog: Almost there. Seeing Emma’s concern for Justin, Krug quickly gestures to a “Happy Birthday” banner hanging on the wall in the dining room.
30) 31) dialog: I don’t think flattery will get you too far.
30) 35) dialog: Don’t remind me. John finishes stitching Francis’ nose.
30) 36) dialog: Done. Just let me clean it off. John sloshes some disinfectant on a small folded cloth.
30) 37) dialog: This’‘1l sting. John touches the cloth to Francis’ nose and he grits his teeth in pain.
30) 39) dialog: Sure, it’s right there.
30) 46) dialog: (re: storm) Good luck getting anyone out here. Krug grabs the phone off the wall just as OUTSIDE - a very close, very loud BOLT OF LIGHTNING RIPS through the branch of a tree. Sparks FLY as the branch falls into the phone and power lines, severing their connection to the house. BACK IN THE KITCHEN - the lights GO OUT.
30) 49) dialog: Looks like we’re prisoners in our own home.
30) 51) dialog: (to Francis) You're fixed for now, my friend. Francis rises.
30) 53) dialog: (to Emma; re: Mari) Em, will you see if our cell, by some miracle, has maybe just half a bar?
30) 55) dialog: I’ll get a fire going.
32) 0) text: Emma enters to find John starting the fire. Krug, Francis, Sadie, Justin looking on.
32) 4) dialog: I don’t think you have much choice. It’s okay, we have a couple of spare bedrooms --
32) 7) dialog: (meaning Mari) You think she'll be okay with that?
39) 0) text: The muted sound of PEOPLE TALKING is heard from the living room as the bathroom door UNLOCKS and slowly opens a little for Justin to stick his head out. Seeing that the coast is clear, he walks into the hall and approaches the living room. JUSTIN’S POV - Through the living room doorway, Krug comes into view as he talks to Emma and John.
39) 2) dialog: No, don’t worry about it. It’s no big deal, really. Once things clear up in the morning, we’ll get you outta here one way or another.
44) 0) text: Emma is heard CLOSING THE FRONT DOOR as John sits at the table putting away his medical instruments. A muted BANGING is suddenly heard from somewhere in the house, as if something is being blown back and forth in the wind.
44) 1) dialog: (calling to Emma
45) 2) dialog: Strange group. Emma enters, heads to the kitchen counter, starts cleaning up. But doesn’t yet notice the necklace in the sink.
45) 4) dialog: Do you hear that? Emma turns around, steps away from the kitchen sink -- 69.
45) 5) dialog: Did you leave the porch door open?
46) 0) text: The BANGING is louder as John and Emma cautiously enter. A healthy FIRE blazes in the fireplace, creating ghoulish dancing shadows as they approach the sliding glass door.
47) 0) text: The BANGING is even louder now as John and Emma appear on the other side of the glass door. John unlocks the door and slides it open. He aims the flashlight beam around the room... JOHN’S POV - scanning across the porch as rain pounds down on the screened-in room. The flashlight’s beam comes to the porch’s SCREEN-DOOR as it BANGS in the wind. John heads to the door, latches it shut. He then looks down, the beam falling on A TRAIL OF SMALL PUDDLES. John aims the beam along the trail that stops on a pair of wet SNEAKERS poking out from behind the hot tub. John’s eyes widen in horror. He bolts around to the back of the hot tub where
47) 2) dialog: 
47) 5) dialog: Mari? Mari, stay with me. He touches his index finger to her neck, feeling for a pulse.
47) 7) dialog: (panicking) I can’t tell what’s -- John fumbles for the flashlight, frantically using it to examine Mari’s bloody wounds. He pulls back her shredded tank top near her shoulder where the darkest blood stain is --
47) 8) dialog: She’s been shot --
47) 10) dialog: Not you, Mari -- not you, too -- you hear me? Over this, John gently lays Mari on top of the covered hot-tub. He looks down to the tub’s digital temperature readout, frantically punches a button, raising the water temp to the max. John checks Mari’‘s pulse again, then quickly starts CPR, pushing on her chest... blowing into her pale mouth...
47) 11) dialog: C'mon, Mari -- one, two, three -- He breathes into her mouth again -- then presses his hands to her chest --
47) 12) dialog: One, two -- Mari suddenly COUGHS up water -- John’s eyes widen -- 71.
47) 13) dialog: That’s it, sweetie -- He gently rolls her on her side, letting the excess water drain from her mouth -- JOHN (CONT’D) Mari, you’re with mom and dad, you’‘re gonna be okay -- We've gotta stop the bleeding -- Emma, go get -- go get blankets, towels...
47) 15) dialog: (talking over her) -- any alcohol you brought, and my bag -- John pauses, seeing the raging fire through the glass door in the living room -- an idea:
47) 16) dialog: -- put the poker in the fire -- We‘re gonna have to do it the old fashioned way --
47) 18) dialog: Goddammit, right now stopping the bleeding’s more important than fishing for the fucking bullet -- Emma bolts into the living room, JAMS the poker in the center of the fire --
49) 0) text: Warm steam seeps from under the hot tub’s cover as Emma enters, hands John the now RED HOT poker. Sets his medical bag and a stack of towels on the hot-tub cover next to Emma.
49) 1) dialog: Still need alcohol --
49) 3) dialog: And try your cell phone again!! Emma bolts away once again as John eyes the poker. Then gently levels it to the ENTRY WOUND on the back of Mari’s shoulder.
49) 4) dialog: Okay, Mari, hold on -- this isn’t gonna feel very good, sweetie, but it’s gotta happen -- A beat -- then John gently wraps his left arm around Mari’s upper chest, bracing her as his right hand touches the poker to her shoulder, cauterizing the wound. As we HEAR Mari’s skin SINGEING 0.S. --
51) 0) text: John continues to “operate” on Mari. Now noticing dried blood near her knee just below her shorts. He takes his medical scissors, starts cutting away at her shorts but suddenly stops -- noticing a stream of dried blood on her thigh leading up to her underwear. cU - JOHN’S FACE - as he continues, his eyes widen in horror at what he’s seeing 0.S. It’s clear now that John knows his daughter was raped.
51) 1) dialog: No -- god -- John chokes back emotion, raises a shaking hand to his mouth -- JOHN (CONT’D) You fuck -- fff -- fucker -- Suddenly --
51) 3) dialog: Mari? He leans down as her eyes open halfway --
51) 5) dialog: Okay -- we can fix that -- that’s easy for me, okay? John reaches in his bag, pulls out some medical tape. Anxiously looks around the room, spots Emma’s bag full of Magazines and a larger pair of house scissors. 74. He grabs the bag, dumps out the magazines. He swipes up a magazine, revealing the newspaper Emma was reading and Krug’s face on the front page -- John eyes it, wide-eyed -- frozen in disbelief -- the fury boiling -- another beat, then he re-focuses on Mari, tearing a small section of the magazine’s cover off --
51) 6) dialog: Emma!! Where the hell are-- John whirls around, sees Emma standing there in the darkness. John startles slightly, grabs the bottle of Jack, twists it open, starts pouring it over the scissors.
51) 7) dialog: (quietly to Emma; re: Mari) Her lung’s collapsed -- can you hold her down? Emma nods, still dazed from her discovery as she leans down to Mari --
51) 8) dialog: What’s wrong -- Emma brings up the necklace.
51) 11) dialog: (nods over to the newspaper ) I_know. Emma sees it -- then --
51) 13) dialog: I’m here, sweetie. Okay, this is gonna hurt a little, but I promise, you’re gonna breathe a lot better -- Emma moves in, grasps Mari‘’s hand -- tight -- John opens the house scissors, pours a little more Jack Daniels over the blades, then proceeds to slice into Mari‘s upper chest above her heart. Mari winces in pain.
51) 14) dialog: I know, sweetie -- almost there -- just letting out some trapped air...
51) 16) dialog: How’s that?
51) 18) dialog: Good. Just be still. Don’t try to talk. Mari manages a slight smile now. John smiles then eyes Emma. They step away from Mari, John speaking in a hushed whisper: JOHN (CONT’D) She’s stable for now, but we’ve got to get her to a hospital -- (re: necklace) So what about -- 76.
51) 20) dialog: He’s trying to warn us -- John starts trembling in disbelief, the anger seething --
51) 21) dialog: Emma, Mari -- she --
51) 23) dialog: (with extreme difficulty) She -- she was raped -- there was blood -- Emma clasps her hands to her mouth, getting sick --
51) 24) dialog: Emma, listen to me. Are you listening? Emma manages a nod --
51) 25) dialog: Okay, clearly he’s telling us something -- he knows who we are --
51) 28) dialog: They‘re still in there -- (beat; then) (MORE)
51) 30) dialog: I don’t think the kid’s told them...
51) 32) dialog: Because we’d be dead by now. (then) We‘ve got to get her out of here, the nearest house...
51) 34) dialog: By land -- (thinks a beat; then) Where are the boat keys?
52) 0) text: John and Emma rifle through drawers, looking for the missing keys --
52) 1) dialog: I don’t fucking believe this -- how could they not fucking be here?! TI haven’t used the boat in two years.
52) 3) dialog: You mean when he stayed in the goddamned _questhouse?
52) 5) dialog: God -- shit!
52) 7) dialog: (trembling uncontrollably) Alright -- Emma -- Mari’s running out of time, so we’ve -- we’ve -- (MORE)
52) 9) dialog: (points toward guesthouse) We've got to be ready for anything. Anything. And we've got to be ready to do anything -- to kill those fuckers if we have to -- Whatever it takes. Do you hear me, Emma? off Emma, her eyes never leaving John’s...
53) 0) text: Justin lies in bed. Still wide awake -- he turns over, peers out the window -- JUSTIN’S POV - THE MAIN HOUSE - he catches glimpses of Emma and John’s silhouettes moving around inside, candles being blown out... cU - JUSTIN - clearly wondering -- haven’t they found the necklace yet? Do they know? Sure doesn’t look like it as the house goes dark...
54) 0) text: John frantically RIPS the tarp off the boat, hops inside, aims the flashlight around to the boat’s ignition -- no keys.
57) 0) text: John enters, aims the flashlight around. Heads to the workbench where he picks up a large WRENCH. He hefts the simple weapon, testing its weight, looking down at it in nervous apprehension. He puts it back on his tool table with a trembling hand and picks up a big HAMMER, testing it.
58) 0) text: cU - EMMA’S HAND pulls a BUTCHER’S KNIFE from its place in the knife-holder. She stares down at the enormous weapon, a mirror of John’s nervous apprehension.
58) 23) dialog: Strides over, brings up the hammer once again, flips it around so that the claws face out. THUNK! He SMASHES the claws down into the top of Francis’ head, bloodily DRIVING them into his skull. Francis instantly goes limp, his eyes wide and glassy, his mouth frozen open in a gaping silent scream. 84. A strange quiet fills the room as John and Emma stand over Francis’ motionless body. They both slowly look out the window to the guesthouse. No visible movement inside as Emma PULLS the knife from Francis’ motionless body.
58) 24) dialog: We‘ve gotta do this quick.
59) 0) text: The door slowly opens. John cautiously slips inside with his hammer in hand. Emma follows with her knife. Both eye the empty pull-out bed: Justin’s not there. John eyes the dark, partially-open doorway leading to the bedroom and looks at Emma. WNods to the chest of drawers. Emma tip toes over to the chest, slides the drawers open anxiously looking for the boat keys. She turns to John, shakes her head -- they’re not here. John swallows and quietly moves to the door. Carefully reaches out and eases it open --
60) 0) text: The door CREAKS. John winces as a lightning flash ignites the dark bedroom. He sees Krug and Sadie sleeping in the bed. Krug wears only pants, while Sadie’s in her underwear. John warily glances across the room and freezes, his eyes widening in shock as he sees
60) 3) dialog: Get the fuck off me -- John gains the upper hand, grabs Sadie and tosses her aside, sending her sliding into the bathroom. With that, John grabs the gun, raises up and FIRES at Krug who has grabbed and is now HEAVING the mattress up and over toward John! John dives and rolls from underneath it, takes aim and FIRES at Krug, just missing him as
60) 8) dialog: You fucking bitch!! That was my daughter! ! 87.
60) 10) dialog: 
60) 18) dialog: (re: house) I’m gonna go look again, there’s a couple of places --
60) 20) dialog: Goddammit, Emma, keep looking here. Five minutes, that’s it, otherwise... (beat; knows this option is all but hopeless, but) .--We'll go on foot. They step back into the bedroom. John raises the gun, ready for anything as Emma starts searching the bedside table drawers... As John cautiously makes his way out, keeping the gun aimed ahead at all times --
63) 0) text: Krug heads to the window, spots John making his way toward the house.
65) 0) text: Krug studies the remains of John’s operation on Mari: Bloody towels, pieces of her ripped clothing... Krug picks up the shredded piece of Mari’s tank top.
65) 3) dialog: (calling out) Come on out, you piece of shit!
65) 4) text: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS Krug rolls his eyes at the sound of those three words. He stands against the wall, calls back out to John -- gl.
65) 14) dialog: 
65) 16) dialog: NO! Emma! shit -- John’s about to jump out the window when -- REVERSE ANGLE - OVER JOHN’S SHOULDER - A hulking figure approaches him from behind -- poker raised -- no, THIS IS KRUG. A FLASH of LIGHTNING casts Krug’s shadow over John. John WHIRLS around, raises the gun -- WHACK! Krug belts him across the arm, sending the gun flying out the window. John turns back, dives to the floor just as Krug SWINGS and misses, SMASHING the poker into the wall as
67) 0) text: SMACK! Krug hits John in the back with the poker. Krug’s just playing now. Enjoying this. John hits the floor, staggers to the landing’s railing, grabs it, tries to pull himself up.
68) 0) text: CU - MARI - She opens her eyes, looks up at her mom sitting next to her. Emma smiles, moves her hand down to Mari’s waist, revealing the BUTCHER KNIFE firmly clasped in Mari’s hands. Emma gently takes it. Kisses Mari on the forehead as John starts the motor, backs the boat out into the open water... Justin sits silently in the front passenger seat.
70) 0) text: cU - KRUG - his eyes pop open. HIS POV - peering up at the eerie fluorescent work light above him as JOHN leans into frame.
70) 1) dialog: Hi. Reveal Krug, lying across John’s work bench.
70) 3) dialog: You‘re feeling the effects of general anesthesia.
70) 5) dialog: (raising the bloody scalpel) Because I’ve paralyzed you from the neck down. Krug’s eyes shift as John wheels over a tall tool box The MICROWAVE OVEN sits on top.
70) 8) dialog: This is James Griffen. 97.
70) 10) dialog: That’s okay, he knows you. You murdered his daughter.