15) 0) text: Our unabomber guy has now joined Paige and Mari at the table. Call him JUSTIN. His hood pulled back now... 15, messy hair, spotty teenage stubble... He jams the rest of the crazy cone in his mouth.
15) 2) dialog: (still chewing) Okwahoma --
15) 4) dialog: We’re just passing through.
15) 6) dialog: My dad, his girlfriend, and his brother.
15) 8) dialog: They were never married. I was with my mom... Paige glances at Mari, amused at the boy’s shyness.
15) 10) dialog: She died. Paige and Mari are immediately given pause by this, looking guilty. Awkward beat. Then:
15) 13) dialog: That’s cool.
15) 16) dialog: Hi Mari with an “i.” 24.
15) 18) dialog: The uh... the Meadow something --
15) 20) dialog: Yeah, that’s it.
15) 22) dialog: I don’t know --
15) 24) dialog: Okay... thanks...
15) 28) dialog: No, not at all.
15) 31) dialog: Because you're... you say what you‘re thinking... you just... let it fly...
15) 33) dialog: (nearly inaudible) Well, that’s not all it could get you.
15) 35) dialog: That’s not all it could get you.
15) 37) dialog: What you’re looking for. I got some back at our room. Paige and Mari exchange glances. Mari’s clearly getting less and less interested. Paige is very interested.
15) 39) dialog: Probably not, but they’re out for awhile. It’s my dad’s. He’s got a lot --
15) 41) dialog: Then he really won't miss it -- 26. Paige smiles. She’s in to this kid. Turns to Mari.
16) 0) text: Mari‘s SUV is the only car parked in the circular drive of this run-down lodge. Paige and Justin hop out amidst stronger gusts of wind and a distant ROLL of thunder.
16) 4) dialog: 14. Over here. WITH MARI - HER POV - Paige and Justin disappear inside the room, partially closing the door behind them... Mari watches intently. Then nervously shuffles through radio stations. All static. Checks her cell phone. No signal. Another beat. No movement from the room. Mari shakes her head. Eyes fall on the grocery list. Picks it up, studies it: Milk, Orange juice, eggs... 27. Mari looks back toward the room. Still nothing. She exhales, more frustrated. Turns to get out of the SUV just as --
17) 0) text: ...-where we reveal Justin and Paige sitting on the bed, smoking a j.-
17) 9) dialog: (to himself) Shit --
17) 19) dialog: Dad, I just brought them back here for some weed. You weren’t supposed to be here --
17) 23) dialog: Paige. Paige and -- and --
17) 43) dialog: What -- what is that? What did you do now?
18) 18) text: KRUG (CONT’D) I’1l let that pre-pubescent brain of yours try to figure out why. But in the meantime, I'll give you a clue. LOOK AT HER. Krug viciously yanks Justin’s head toward Mari. KRUG (CONT’D) Look at --
18) 19) dialog: Okay, okay -- Justin eyes Mari. A tear streams down his face as his eyes shift back to his father. JUSTIN (CONT’D) Just let them --
22) 1) dialog: Dad, look out! Krug looks ahead, sees they’ve crossed the center line, heading for a sharp turn --
23) 0) text: The SUV SCREECHES across the pavement and tumbles off the road into the woods -- INSIDE THE SUV - Blood-curdling SCREAMS as it rolls end over end, down the incline -- MARI falls back inside the SUV as -- WHAM! It SMASHES into a tree, miraculously UPRIGHT. Silence. No movement. A long beat as steam HISSES from the busted engine. Quiet. Bordering on peaceful even -- until finally -- One of the back doors opens and Paige falls out onto the ground. She looks up, blinking and dazed, but unhurt. She rises unsteadily to her feet - BAM! Krug KNOCKS HER DOWN - She looks up in fear as he towers over her angrily -- IN THE SUV’S PASSENGER SEAT - a foggy-looking Justin rubs his head, his deflated airbag deployed. A back-door opens and Francis groggily emerges, moaning. His nose has been broken and it’s a bloody mess. Krug sees it, cringes -- 40.
24) 0) text: Paige, her wrists tied with pieces of her now shredded shirt, is thrown to the ground next to Mari. Krug is still glaring, just as we left him, intense uncertainty raging in his eyes. Sadie and Francis stare at him expectantly. Justin stands in the b.g. Too terrified to move as
24) 3) text: Krug doesn’t respond. KRUG’S POV - He looks from Francis to Sadie to the girls and his wandering gaze comes to rest on Justin, who’s staring at the ground. Sensing this, Justin looks up at Krug, looking uneasy at being the focus of his father’s attention.
26) 0) text: Krug, Francis, and Sadie make their way back up to the crashed SUV. Justin’s still sitting against the tree staring at Paige’s body.
27) 0) text: Krug, Francis, Justin, Sadie, walking on the shoulder. We PULL BACK to reveal the “LAKE ENDS IN THE ROAD” SIGN coming into frame as they approach. Krug eyes it.
29) 0) text: The front door is opened to expose a soaking-wet Krug standing outside, his hands on the shoulders of a dazed Justin standing in front of him. Francis and Sadie stand behind them in the downpour, Francis with a bloody piece of clothing held to his nose.
30) 18) dialog: (quietly) Yes, please. Francis flinches a little as John roots through his medical bag on the table, digs out some stitches and needle, starts sewing the gash on his nose.
30) 26) dialog: (quietly) Thank you. Unnerved at his gaze, Emma nods.
32) 0) text: Emma enters to find John starting the fire. Krug, Francis, Sadie, Justin looking on.
32) 11) dialog: (re: empty mug) Where should I put this?
33) 0) text: Justin places the mug in the sink, then turns back, but stops in his tracks, spotting something 0.S. cU - A SMALL PHOTO of Mari_and her parents is encased _ i a_glass magnet on the side of the refrigerator. cU - JUSTIN - stares at the picture in dumb shock.
35) 0) text: ON JUSTIN - still staring at the photo in a horrified daze. He turns to come face to face with
35) 4) dialog: I‘1l be -- I’m okay... where’s the... 64.
36) 0) text: Justin enters and shuts the door behind him, locking it. He quickly sits on the floor between the toilet and the wall, shoving himself into the corner, terrified. A beat. Then -- The doorknob rattles, making him flinch.
37) 2) dialog: Fine. I’m fine. Krug lowers his voice to an agitated whisper to talk through the door to Justin.
38) 0) text: Cowering in the corner, Justin looks as if he wants to recede into the wall and disappear.
38) 1) dialog: Nothing. Nothing -- will you just give me two seconds?
39) 0) text: The muted sound of PEOPLE TALKING is heard from the living room as the bathroom door UNLOCKS and slowly opens a little for Justin to stick his head out. Seeing that the coast is clear, he walks into the hall and approaches the living room. JUSTIN’S POV - Through the living room doorway, Krug comes into view as he talks to Emma and John.
40) 0) text: Everyone dressed in ponchos, Emma, carrying the flashlight and a bundle of candles and matches, rushes through the downpour, leading Krug, Sadie, Francis, and Justin to the guesthouse.
48) 0) text: Sadie’s taking a nice, soothing shower by candlelight, the shower rod and curtain hanging diagonally, dangling from just the one end, the other end having collapsed into the tub -- evidently, Sadie had the same issues with it that Mari had earlier. CU - SADIE - eyes closed as the water flows down her scarred face... 72. WITH KRUG - in the bedroom. He sets the silenced gun on the night stand, pulls his shirt off. Collapses to the bed, his legs and feet hanging off the side, just above MARI‘’S DUFFEL BAG stuffed underneath. Krug looks over through the bedroom doorway into the living room, sees Justin’s silhouetted form lying on the pull-out bed.
53) 0) text: Justin lies in bed. Still wide awake -- he turns over, peers out the window -- JUSTIN’S POV - THE MAIN HOUSE - he catches glimpses of Emma and John’s silhouettes moving around inside, candles being blown out... cU - JUSTIN - clearly wondering -- haven’t they found the necklace yet? Do they know? Sure doesn’t look like it as the house goes dark...
56) 0) text: cU - JUSTIN - still lying on the pull-out bed, facing the bedroom doorway. He suddenly sees
56) 3) dialog: Hiding underneath the bed, his head right next to Mari’s duffel bag!
59) 0) text: The door slowly opens. John cautiously slips inside with his hammer in hand. Emma follows with her knife. Both eye the empty pull-out bed: Justin’s not there. John eyes the dark, partially-open doorway leading to the bedroom and looks at Emma. WNods to the chest of drawers. Emma tip toes over to the chest, slides the drawers open anxiously looking for the boat keys. She turns to John, shakes her head -- they’re not here. John swallows and quietly moves to the door. Carefully reaches out and eases it open --
60) 1) dialog: sitting huddled in the far corner of the room. AWAKE and looking just as surprised and terrified as he is. Emma appears over John’s shoulder, also FREEZES at the sight of Justin. The three stare at each other in uncertainty. And then -- Justin raises Krug’s gun and AIMS IT AT JOHN AND EMMA! 85. John and Emma instinctively back away -- raise their hands. Take it easy, kid -- easy -- cU - JUSTIN - his hand trembling -- tears streaming down his face -- he snivels -- then -- he suddenly turns the gun around and extends his arm further toward John and Emma. And they realize -- He wants them to take the gun. John nods to Justin. Then carefully steps forward across the creaking hardwood floor that’s only partially muted by the thunder and downpour. John keeps walking, warily keeping his eyes on Justin. CREAK. He steps on another loose FLOORBOARD. John freezes as Krug GROANS and shifts in bed. Emma tenses from the doorway... Krug stays asleep. Relieved, John keeps going, closing in on the gun as Justin quietly stays in his place. John reaches out -- and gently takes it out of Justin’s outstretched hand. A beat of eyes on terrified eyes. Justin then looks away as John turns to the bed and raises the gun, aiming it point blank at Sadie just as a BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes just outside. The CRASH of thunder wakes Sadie and Krug up. Sadie bolts upright in bed, sees John’s silhouette standing over her!
60) 14) dialog: No! Justin charges Sadie and jumps on her back, clawing at her face!
62) 2) dialog: (groggily) What can I do?
66) 0) text: The side door opens and Justin steps in. Emma whirls around, aims the flashlight. Justin holds up a _set of keys_on a _bobber key chain. 93.
66) 1) dialog: This them?
67) 6) dialog: Stopping you. Forever. Krug quickly softens, taking a step forward.
67) 9) dialog: (gasping) Better -- look --
67) 11) dialog: Better look out you fuck -- 95. Krug realizes that Justin is referring to the figure
68) 0) text: CU - MARI - She opens her eyes, looks up at her mom sitting next to her. Emma smiles, moves her hand down to Mari’s waist, revealing the BUTCHER KNIFE firmly clasped in Mari’s hands. Emma gently takes it. Kisses Mari on the forehead as John starts the motor, backs the boat out into the open water... Justin sits silently in the front passenger seat.