0) 16) dialog: (nodding 0.S.) Because we’re about to miss our exit. Morton looks back. Krug’s right.
0) 19) dialog: You’re welcome.
0) 21) dialog: Yeah, I’m in a hurry to eat.
0) 23) dialog: Hmm. Well, that is disconcerting. Sure you can’t drop me at that Hilton?
0) 25) dialog: Holiday Inn Express?
0) 33) dialog: Neck hurts a little.
0) 36) dialog: You mostly did good.
0) 38) dialog: I told you, my neck hurts, Sadie.
0) 40) dialog: Ooh.
0) 42) dialog: Francis, where’s my kid?
0) 45) dialog: Then he’s the only one. This as Krug grabs the Glock from Francis, stands over Morton, taking aim --
0) 47) dialog: Nah, I don’t have the energy. I’m starving, remember? Krug hands the gun back to Francis.
0) 48) dialog: (nonchalant) Pull that trigger, will you? Francis re-focuses on Morton -- and FIRES -- the deafening gunshot is matched by a DEAFENING ALARM CLOCK as we
17) 12) dialog: Sure she can. It’s no problem. Mari and Paige whirl around.
17) 15) dialog: Francis?
17) 17) dialog: There’s a draft. Francis SLAMS the door shut. Krug turns back, glares daggers at Justin.
17) 18) dialog: Clearly you got your brains from your mother --
17) 20) dialog: (deadpan) Surprise.
17) 22) dialog: Whatever for? Stay, please. Who are these lovely ladies, Justin?
17) 24) dialog: He forgot your name, sweetheart.
17) 26) text: Mari. I’m Krug, this is Francis, but call him Frank... and my girlfriend, Sadie.
17) 32) dialog: Sadie, manners. Don’t rush to judge. It’s rude. (back to Mari; re: Sadie) She’s been stressing a little this morning.
17) 35) dialog: (seeing Mari and Paige’s questioning looks ) I’m sorry Mari and Paige. (MORE )
17) 38) dialog: What they’re referring to is the fact my son here has unknowingly or unwittingly or just very stupidly backed us all into somewhat of a... corner... here.
17) 41) dialog: I don’t doubt that, Mari, but it’s not quite that simple... Krug nonchalantly holds up the newspaper, points to his photo:
17) 42) dialog: Good looking guy, don’t you think? Paige and Mari’s eyes widen. Justin looks at his father in disbelief.
17) 44) dialog: Well, oh son of mine, your old man got himself in a few more spots of trouble in his absence.
17) 46) dialog: +.-our Lord and Savior wasn’t gonna help me this time, Paige, so I had to resort to other means of redemption which Sadie and Francis here were kind enough to facilitate.
17) 48) dialog: Krug’s my first name, sweetheart. But I still appreciate you being polite. It’ll getcha places. 32.
17) 50) dialog: Won‘t what?
17) 52) dialog: So you’re saying it’s a private matter.
17) 54) dialog: So even though my mug’s now plastered all over the front page of every newspaper on every street corner of this shithole little berg, what you’re really saying is... Mari’s frozen -- Krug presses:
17) 55) dialog: is?
17) 57) dialog: Ah, you won’t rat us out. I don’t know, Frank, you believe her?
17) 61) dialog: Calm down, Paige.
17) 63) dialog: Paige, shush.
17) 65) dialog: I want Mari to give me her keys.
17) 67) dialog: (explaining to Mari) We blew a head gasket on the way back. Mari instantly reaches in her pocket, hands them over.
17) 69) dialog: I accept.
17) 71) dialog: Sorry, Paige. We can’t take that chance.
18) 6) dialog: Anything?
18) 8) dialog: Thanks for being cool about this, Mari. 35. Krug shifts his gaze back to Francis as he steps out from the bathroom.
18) 9) dialog: What’s going on in there?
18) 11) dialog: Back Mari’s SUV up to the door, close as you can.
18) 13) dialog: Like worried mommies and daddies, ex-boyfriends...
18) 15) dialog: (shaking a “no”) I think that’s a given, Sade. The only thing it changes is our average speed the hell out of here. Francis heads out the door. Sadie starts throwing their stuff into grocery bags as Krug turns back to Mari who’s now glaring at Justin. Justin feels her stare but refuses to make eye contact. Krug observes this:
18) 16) dialog: No, you look at her Justin. No movement. Krug gets up, grabs Justin’s chin -- hard -- gets in his son’s face:
18) 17) dialog: You know, there’s a lot of different kinds of days that come out of nowhere that force you to grow up. You might think it’s the day your mom met her maker, but let me assure you, my son, that pales in comparison to this day. (MORE )
18) 18) text: KRUG (CONT’D) I’1l let that pre-pubescent brain of yours try to figure out why. But in the meantime, I'll give you a clue. LOOK AT HER. Krug viciously yanks Justin’s head toward Mari. KRUG (CONT’D) Look at --
18) 20) dialog: Ahhp -- what did I say? off this, Krug nearly squeezing the life out of Justin through his jaw bone -- as we hear another distant ROLL OF THUNDER...
20) 1) dialog: Put your seat-belt on. Justin obeys. KRUG’S POV - Seen in the rearview mirror, another SUV, passing them. Mari yearningly watches it go by out the side-window. A MOTHER and FATHER (30s) are in the front. As the SUV starts to get ahead of them, a cute LITTLE GIRL looks out the back window. 37. Mari and the Little Girl lock eyes. The Girl smiles. Mari instinctively manages a weak smile in return. The other SUV speeds away, taking Mari’s view of the Little Girl with it. She stares after it wistfully, her smile fading. Her gaze shifts back to the car and she notices the backseat’s CIGARETTE LIGHTER by the cup-holders in front of her. Stares at it.
20) 3) dialog: Left, right?
20) 5) dialog: (irritated) Right meaning “correct” or right meaning “go right?”
20) 7) dialog: You‘re sure?
20) 12) dialog: It is what I meant.
20) 16) dialog: What the fu -- SMACK! Paige kicks Krug in the face -- 39.
22) 2) dialog: 
23) 0) text: The SUV SCREECHES across the pavement and tumbles off the road into the woods -- INSIDE THE SUV - Blood-curdling SCREAMS as it rolls end over end, down the incline -- MARI falls back inside the SUV as -- WHAM! It SMASHES into a tree, miraculously UPRIGHT. Silence. No movement. A long beat as steam HISSES from the busted engine. Quiet. Bordering on peaceful even -- until finally -- One of the back doors opens and Paige falls out onto the ground. She looks up, blinking and dazed, but unhurt. She rises unsteadily to her feet - BAM! Krug KNOCKS HER DOWN - She looks up in fear as he towers over her angrily -- IN THE SUV’S PASSENGER SEAT - a foggy-looking Justin rubs his head, his deflated airbag deployed. A back-door opens and Francis groggily emerges, moaning. His nose has been broken and it’s a bloody mess. Krug sees it, cringes -- 40.
23) 1) dialog: You all right? Francis groans and raises a hand to his nose. He bends to examine his reflection in the SUV’s side-mirror. Anger bubbles across his face as he eyes his ruined visage.
23) 4) dialog: You okay?
23) 11) dialog: Bring -- her -- back -- here. Sadie frantically hurries to follow Francis and the fleeing Paige. ON KRUG - he watches them go. Royally pissed. Looks down at Mari, stares straight through her.
24) 0) text: Paige, her wrists tied with pieces of her now shredded shirt, is thrown to the ground next to Mari. Krug is still glaring, just as we left him, intense uncertainty raging in his eyes. Sadie and Francis stare at him expectantly. Justin stands in the b.g. Too terrified to move as
24) 3) text: Krug doesn’t respond. KRUG’S POV - He looks from Francis to Sadie to the girls and his wandering gaze comes to rest on Justin, who’s staring at the ground. Sensing this, Justin looks up at Krug, looking uneasy at being the focus of his father’s attention.
24) 4) dialog: (to Justin) You wanna finally be a man? Unnerved at this question, Justin glances at Francis and Sadie, finding no help. Krug gestures to Mari.
24) 5) dialog: There’s your chance. She’s all yours. Justin and Mari freeze, their eyes widening in panic. Justin looks down at Mari in fear. She looks back, equally afraid.
24) 6) dialog: What are you, gay? Krug quickly walks forward and grabs Justin by the arm, shaking the terrified kid --
24) 8) dialog: What did you say to me?
24) 11) dialog: Why does everybody eventually come around to calling me that? (back to Paige) No, honey. I’m not gonna hit you. I’m not quite that predictable. Paige suddenly GASPS, flinching -- Justin, Mari, Sadie, and Francis all flinch as well, their eyes wide. Paige blinks in stunned surprise, instantly dazed. PAIGE’S POV - She slowly looks down from Krug‘s face: He’s driven a SWITCHBLADE deep into her stomach, only its handle visible in his hand as BLOOD leaks out around it. Paige looks back up at Krug in dumb silence, the pure shock on her face slowly giving way to pain as her eyes moisten, her mouth gaping open in a soundless scream. Krug wrenches the switchblade out and Paige grunts in pain. Still in shock, she stumbles backward unsteadily, her hands clutched to her bloody wound. She collides with Sadie for support. Sadie shoves Paige back down next to Mari --
24) 13) dialog: (to Mari) What is wrong with you, Mari? Can’‘t you see that Paige is very worried -- and rightfully so -- that today is the last day of her life? So comfort her. Mari still keeps holding Paige but doesn’t respond to Krug. 46. KRUG (CONT’D) Mari, tell Paige that everything is gonna be all right.
24) 15) dialog: Say it. Mari eyes Paige and the defiance that still remains in her dying eyes.
24) 18) dialog: 
24) 21) dialog: Suddenly towering over her, his eyes wide with crazed FURY as he throws Paige aside and grabs Mari --
24) 24) dialog: (hard in Mari’s face; as he rips at her clothes) You think -- you can keep fucking me whenever you please -- 47.
24) 26) dialog: You don‘t? You don’t think that?
24) 28) dialog: Mari doesn’t think that, you two.
24) 31) dialog: You hear that, Mari? Sadie says it goes both ways. Mari screams as Krug shoves her head in the damp earth, muffling the sound. Mari tries to crawl away, but Krug puts his full weight on the small of her back as he starts yanking at her shorts. MARI’S HANDS CLAW at the earth as Krug pulls her shorts and underwear down.
24) 38) dialog: What, you want that? Well you can’t have it. He RIPS it off her neck.
24) 40) dialog: Yes. Yes. Yes. Krug tosses the necklace to Justin who lets it land in the dirt beside him.
24) 44) dialog: You could have stopped me. I would've let you. Mari suddenly gets to her knees, convulses -- doubles over, coughing. She looks over, locks eyes with Justin who looks away. Krug heads over, kneels down to Mari.
24) 45) dialog: Still think you can fuck me any time? Mari doesn’t answer. Blankly stares off toward the lake - - her spirit all but broken:
24) 47) dialog: I’m happy for you.
24) 52) dialog: He staggers to his feet, RIPS the gun from Sadie’s hand and bolts after Mari.
25) 5) dialog: To get a clear view of her body. He FIRES two shots. The bullets skip off the water next to Mari.
25) 6) dialog: Fuck! He stops. Watching her swim away. Disbelief. Sadie runs up.
25) 8) dialog: Sadie, my face is all over the newspaper, not a fucking Wheatie’s box. (off Sadie’s look; re: Mari swimming away) You think I can keep up with that shit? Fuck this. Fuck her. Almost as if giving up, Krug spins back toward the lake and Mari, and fires at her again -- if there’s ever a shot that should miss, it’s this one, because Krug only half-asses it. But -- 52.
25) 12) dialog: What?
25) 14) dialog: You’re shittin’ me. A surprised Krug turns back around, focuses on Mari. THEIR POV - FAR OUT IN THE LAKE - Mari -- now flipped on her back -- unmoving -- floating away on the current. BACK TO SCENE - KRUG - keeps his eyes on Mari. AERIAL POV - LOOKING DOWN ON MARI - as she floats away -- her wide open, unblinking eyes staring up at THE GATHERING STORM CLOUDS as a pool of dark red blood expands out around her in the water.
26) 0) text: Krug, Francis, and Sadie make their way back up to the crashed SUV. Justin’s still sitting against the tree staring at Paige’s body.
26) 2) dialog: Well... Krug looks over, sees hints of a freshly “paved” trail leading back up presumably toward the unseen road, its brush and small trees toppled and flattened by the SUV as it tumbled to its final resting place.
26) 3) dialog: Looks like we’re just off the road a tad.
26) 6) dialog: Along with the car? Sure, you go ahead and do that. Me and Sadie are gonna find our way the hell out of here. More lightning and thunder. The storm’s closing in, the rain growing steadier as Krug eyes Justin. KRUG (CONT’D) Justin, let’s go. The boy still just stares at Paige’s body in a daze as if nothing’s changed, oblivious to the rain. KRUG (CONT’D) Justin, are you coming or you just gonna sit there and process? No response. Krug charges over to Justin and grabs his arm, roughly pulls the limp boy to his feet and drags him through the rain. Francis and Sadie follow... 54.
27) 0) text: Krug, Francis, Justin, Sadie, walking on the shoulder. We PULL BACK to reveal the “LAKE ENDS IN THE ROAD” SIGN coming into frame as they approach. Krug eyes it.
27) 2) dialog: (eyeing the wording) Does that make any sense to you?
27) 6) dialog: Well, I’‘ll be. The gods continue to smile and light our way on this... (re: pouring rain) ..-lovely, lovely day. off this...
29) 0) text: The front door is opened to expose a soaking-wet Krug standing outside, his hands on the shoulders of a dazed Justin standing in front of him. Francis and Sadie stand behind them in the downpour, Francis with a bloody piece of clothing held to his nose.
29) 2) dialog: Hello, hi... um... I think we just rolled our car off the road -- CUT TO BLACK. DARKNESS. A beat. Then:
30) 5) dialog: I was just saying to Sadie here a little while ago that despite everything, we’re still having a pretty lucky day... first seeing your house, then you being a doctor... John chuckles.
30) 7) dialog: Doc, we don’t really have the best health coverage right now.
30) 9) dialog: Oh. Well in that case... Do you think you could give us a lift?
30) 12) dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Collingwood.
30) 17) dialog: (smiling) If he doesn’t, it’ll be a first. (to Justin) What do you say, Justin? Justin slowly looks up at Krug. Keeping his voice pleasant, Krug makes firm “answer me” eyes at him. Justin robotically looks to Emma.
30) 21) dialog: We're just your typical clueless city slickers. We came out here for a day at the lake. We knew it Might rain, but we didn’t know it would be a damn hurricane. 58.
30) 23) dialog: Anyway, two wrong turns and one slippery ass road later, our car’s wrapped around a tree.
30) 30) dialog: So who’s birthday is it? Yours, Emma? Let me guess... Krug narrows his eyes at Emma, mock-thinking. He points at her decisively. 59. KRUG (CONT’D) Twenty-eight. Emma laughs as John smiles.
30) 34) dialog: Oh, that’s a fun age. She's legal, dad.
30) 38) dialog: Mind if I use your land line?
30) 40) dialog: (heading to phone) We can’t get through on our crappy cells --
30) 42) dialog: (heading to the phone) I’ll see if I can’t just get us a tow truck... or a cab to take us in to town...
30) 47) dialog: (re: dead phone) I think that luck might be waning... Krug hangs up the dead phone.
30) 50) dialog: Well, I can think of worse places... 61. John slaps Francis on the shoulder.
30) 56) dialog: Can we pick the right house to roll a car in front of or what? curt TO:
32) 0) text: Emma enters to find John starting the fire. Krug, Francis, Sadie, Justin looking on.
32) 3) dialog: Now, Francis, we don’t want to impose -- they’ve done more than enough --
32) 5) dialog: Well, that’s mighty kind of you --
32) 9) dialog: Whatever you think’s best.
37) 0) text: Krug tries the locked door.
37) 1) dialog: Hey, Just... Doctor Collingwood wants to know if you’re all right in there. So do I.
37) 3) dialog: What’s wrong with you?
38) 2) dialog: Say anything and you’re dead. You hear me? Hurry up. Justin trembles as he listens to KRUG LEAVE. He then digs into his jeans pocket, pulls out MARI’S NECKLACE. Stares at it a long beat. Then squeezes it tight in his hand, shuts his eyes --
39) 0) text: The muted sound of PEOPLE TALKING is heard from the living room as the bathroom door UNLOCKS and slowly opens a little for Justin to stick his head out. Seeing that the coast is clear, he walks into the hall and approaches the living room. JUSTIN’S POV - Through the living room doorway, Krug comes into view as he talks to Emma and John.
39) 1) dialog: You sure we’re not in your way?
39) 3) dialog: Well, thank you. Thank you so much. Concern floods Justin’s face. He looks down, opens his hand, eyes the necklace in his palm, his mind racing. He then ducks into the
39) 5) dialog: We’re being shown to our room. Justin forces a nod and a half smile, joins Krug in the doorway. 66.
40) 0) text: Everyone dressed in ponchos, Emma, carrying the flashlight and a bundle of candles and matches, rushes through the downpour, leading Krug, Sadie, Francis, and Justin to the guesthouse.
41) 2) dialog: Wow, you’ve got your own personal five-diamond Hilton right on your front lawn.
41) 5) dialog: Enter in the darkness.
41) 8) dialog: No, you’ve done more than enough already. We're perfect, thanks.
41) 10) dialog: Will do. But we won’t shout unless the storm’s still going.
41) 12) dialog: Goodnight. Goodnight. Emma laughs politely as she passes between Krug and Francis, makes her way out...
43) 0) text: KRUG‘S POV - Seen through the window, Emma heads to the main house. Krug watches her all the way, his eyes predatory and unblinking as Francis gazes at her over his shoulder.
48) 0) text: Sadie’s taking a nice, soothing shower by candlelight, the shower rod and curtain hanging diagonally, dangling from just the one end, the other end having collapsed into the tub -- evidently, Sadie had the same issues with it that Mari had earlier. CU - SADIE - eyes closed as the water flows down her scarred face... 72. WITH KRUG - in the bedroom. He sets the silenced gun on the night stand, pulls his shirt off. Collapses to the bed, his legs and feet hanging off the side, just above MARI‘’S DUFFEL BAG stuffed underneath. Krug looks over through the bedroom doorway into the living room, sees Justin’s silhouetted form lying on the pull-out bed.
48) 1) dialog: You awake in there? No answer. But as we PUSH IN on Justin, we reveal his eyes are in fact WIDE OPEN as he stares back into the bedroom, his gaze fixed on that SILENCED GUN on the bedside table... what else is this kid thinking?
56) 1) dialog: Roll out of bed, head into the bathroom. Justin looks over to Francis who’s nodding off in the lazy boy. Beat. Then -- Justin slides out of bed, tip-toes into the bedroom doorway -- JUSTIN’S POV - Sadie’s in bed. Lightly snoring. Justin sneaks into the bedroom, his feet CREAKING over the floor as he approaches the gun on the bedside table. BACK ON FRANCIS - a lightning flash and roll of thunder wakes him up. He rubs his eyes, groggy. He glances to the pull-out bed. Sees that Justin isn’t there. His brow furrows in suspicion, but then -- he hears the toilet FLUSH 0.S.
56) 4) dialog: groggily makes his way around to his side of the bed where his foot suddenly JAMS against something SOLID in Mari‘s duffel bag, stubbing his toe.
56) 5) dialog: Son of a --
56) 7) dialog: What the fuck -- He stuffs everything back in the bag, tosses it aside. Falls back to the bed, blows out the candle next to the gun Justin put back on the table. Close call.
60) 0) text: The door CREAKS. John winces as a lightning flash ignites the dark bedroom. He sees Krug and Sadie sleeping in the bed. Krug wears only pants, while Sadie’s in her underwear. John warily glances across the room and freezes, his eyes widening in shock as he sees
60) 4) dialog: DIVES through the window in a hail of shattered glass. John stumbles out awkwardly from under the mattress, gets to his feet and charges to the window. Looks out to see Krug running away through the downpour, heading for the main house. John raises the gun and FIRES. Misses. ON JOHN - pissed. Behind him --
61) 0) text: Krug enters, stumbles around in the darkness, feeling his way along the wall toward the living room... 89.
63) 0) text: Krug heads to the window, spots John making his way toward the house.
63) 1) dialog: Who are these crazy fucks? Krug shakes his head, ducks through the glass sliding door onto the
65) 0) text: Krug studies the remains of John’s operation on Mari: Bloody towels, pieces of her ripped clothing... Krug picks up the shredded piece of Mari’s tank top.
65) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch -- Krug eyes John’s medical bag -- sifts through it, finds a pocket planner, box of surgical gloves, and John’s wallet -- Flips through it. Pockets the cash. Krug suddenly hears a CREAK 0.S. He looks over, spots the poker. Grabs it. INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER The front door is shoved open and John aims the gun into the dark room. Empty and silent. John cautiously enters, heads to a small chest against the wall next to the fireplace. He slides the drawer open, sees a few keys. Frantically picks through them, not finding what he needs. He suddenly stops, catching sight of something 0.S:
65) 4) text: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS Krug rolls his eyes at the sound of those three words. He stands against the wall, calls back out to John -- gl.
65) 5) dialog: Now why would I do that, John? You have a gun. John moves into the
65) 7) dialog: What are the odds, huh? You ever see that old movie, how’s it go -- “Of all the gin joints on the planet, I end up here.” of course, looking back, your daughter had a lot to do with that. Brandishing the gun, John slowly ascends the stairs... There's a sudden lull in the storm. Only the quiet patter of a light rain on the roof. Krug shifts his head, suddenly hearing a few loud CREAKS from the stairs.
65) 8) dialog: I can hear you, Doc... WITH KRUG - He backs down the hallway, ducks into the
65) 10) dialog: You‘ve got a pretty determined kid, I’1ll give you that. She’s caused me a helluva lot of heartache today. Why don’t you tell me where you and mom stashed her so I can thank her personally one more time. Krug raises the poker, backs away behind a bookshelf near the window and waits --
67) 0) text: SMACK! Krug hits John in the back with the poker. Krug’s just playing now. Enjoying this. John hits the floor, staggers to the landing’s railing, grabs it, tries to pull himself up.
67) 1) dialog: Lemme help you there, doc. Krug raises his foot and KICKS John hard, sending him through the railing. At the last second, John grabs one of the railing’s supports as it pops free of the foundation. John dangles over the floor. Krug SMACKS his hand with the poker. John lets go and plummets to the floor. But it’s not nearly as long a fall as it would have been.
67) 3) dialog: Stalks down the stairs, flips the poker around --
67) 4) dialog: Your little girl and her friend put up quite a fight, doc. John reacts to the mention of Mari’s “friend” as Krug strokes the tip of the poker -- KRUG (CONT’D) You wanna know what I did to Mari? I think you do. I think you wanna know what it felt like -- Krug leans down over a still groggy John and readies the poker, gripping it as if he’s about to shove it up between John’s legs. 94. Krug starts the horrific motion to do just that when -- the familiar SOUND of a COCKING GUN 0.S. STOPS HIM COLD. He slowly turns, comes face to face with -- JUSTIN - standing RIGHT BEHIND HIM aiming the silenced gun POINT BLANK, his moist eyes wide and terrified.
67) 5) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
67) 7) dialog: Take it easy, Justin. Don’t do anything stup -- Justin pulls the trigger -- CLICK. The gun’s empty. Krug flinches in surprise, staring at the barrel pointed at him as he realizes his son just tried to shoot him. Equally surprised, Justin stares at the useless weapon. Krug swings the poker, KNOCKS Justin to the floor.
67) 8) dialog: You sure picked a funny moment to grow some balls. Justin tries to crawl away, but Krug quickly yanks him up off the floor, gets in his face: KRUG (CONT’D) But it’s too late. Because I -- don‘t like you anymore. Krug holds Justin in place as he pushes the poker hard into Justin’s abdomen -- Justin looks at Krug, eyes wide in fear as Krug presses harder, the poker breaking the skin now, blood seeping through Justin's sweatshirt --
67) 10) dialog: What --
70) 0) text: cU - KRUG - his eyes pop open. HIS POV - peering up at the eerie fluorescent work light above him as JOHN leans into frame.
70) 2) dialog: What is this?
70) 4) dialog: I can’t move.
70) 6) dialog: What are you doing? John doesn’t answer as he wheels the mocrowave to behind Krug’s head, then nods to someone O.S.
70) 7) dialog: Who’s there? Who's -- Another MAN we’ve never seen before enters frame. He’s 50ish, weathered... a BLACK PATCH over his right eye, both sadness and rage in his left.
70) 9) dialog: I don’t know you. I don’t know him.
70) 11) dialog: Oh fuck -- no -- James leans down to Krug --
70) 13) dialog: No -- don’t -- what the fuck -- James’ finger moves to the microwave’s keypad, punches in a 20-second count. James looks to John who then moves his finger to the microwave -- and presses START. The microwave HUMS to life as John and James quickly head from the room -- cU - KRUG - wide-eyed as the microwave starts to FRY AND MELT HIS FACE -- KRUG SCREAMS -- Just as his HEAD POPS --