0) 2) dialog: So the guy’s horny as hell, right? But he’s only got ten bucks. INT. VAN —- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS - MOVING GILES, 25, a clean-cut uniformed cop, drives while DETECTIVE MORTON, 40’s, suit and loosened tie, sits in the passenger seat. A dark silhouetted hulk of a FIGURE lurks in the b.g. Handcuffed to the walls of his wire cage.
0) 3) dialog: So he goes to this whorehouse -- (re: radio music) -- What is this crap? He turns it off.
0) 5) dialog: That’s because it’s crap.
0) 7) dialog: (resuming the joke) So the guy goes to this whorehouse and tells the Madame: “Lady, I need to get laid right now.” Giles titters in amusement, keeping his eyes on the road. MORTON (CONT’D) She takes his measly ten bucks, says it ain’t much, but she can still help him out. So she tells him to go in the first door he finds. Giles nods, taking a sip of coffee. MORTON (CONT’D) So he goes in the first door and finds a chicken sitting on the bed.
0) 9) dialog: That’s what he says. But he’s horny as hell, so after a little soul searching he gives in and fucks the chicken. Giles chuckles.
0) 11) dialog: (doing his best to ignore) Rides the poor thing half to death. Feathers flying everywhere, right? So the next week, he’s even hornier --
0) 13) dialog: (irritated now) Spare you, Krug?
0) 15) dialog: And why would I ever do you the courtesy, you piece of shit?
0) 17) dialog: Giles, this is it -- Giles swerves the van down the exit ramp...
0) 20) dialog: You in a hurry or something, Krug? The figure leans forward, emerging from the shadows to expose KRUG (early 30s), a handsome, muscular man with cold, hard features.
0) 22) dialog: What, you think we’re moving you to a friggin five-diamond Hilton? They‘re still gonna feed you the same maggot-infested shit.
0) 24) dialog: Pretty sure.
0) 26) dialog: In your dreams, my friend. In your dreams. This as the van approaches a red light at a quiet
0) 31) dialog: groaning weakly in the passenger seat, blood leaking from a severe gash on his head. Giles is slumped over the wheel, motionless and bloody. Francis reaches inside, taking Morton’s GLOCK and a pair of keys, tosses them to the woman who quickly unlocks the van’'s back-door and looks inside, her wide eyes nervous and uncertain.
0) 46) dialog: Are you gonna kill me? A tense beat as Krug’s finger starts to depress the trigger. Then --