0) 35) dialog: (re: the smashed van) Whaddaya think? Perfect timing, huh? I do good? Tell me I did good.
0) 37) dialog: (playfully shoves him) Mostly?
0) 39) dialog: Well, something’s gonna hurt a lot worse if you keep critiquing my handiwork.
0) 41) dialog: (then; with urgency) c'mon, let’s get you outta here. WITH FRANCIS - He yanks Morton out of the van. Morton hits the concrete with a weak cry of pain, crippled by broken bones. Francis looks over, sees Krug and Sadie coming around.
0) 44) dialog: But still sad about his mom.
17) 26) text: Mari. I’m Krug, this is Francis, but call him Frank... and my girlfriend, Sadie.
17) 27) dialog: That’s a nice ride you got out there. Yours? Mari nods. SADIE (CONT’D) Nice. How’d you afford it?
17) 31) dialog: I like that necklace, too. Your parents just give you everything your little heart desires I bet, don’t they?
17) 33) dialog: I think we have good reason --
17) 59) dialog: I don’t.
17) 64) dialog: What do you wanna do, Krug? A beat. Krug stares at Mari in intense, unreadable silence for a moment. Mari swallows nervously as Paige looks ill and Justin looks worried.
17) 66) dialog: Cool, that’1ll solve our car issues.
18) 7) dialog: Not that I can see. Krug turns back, locks eyes with the silent Mari who’s trying her best to keep calm, the tears in check.
18) 12) dialog: (re: Mari & Paige) Shouldn’t we ask them if somebody will be looking for them?
18) 14) dialog: Yeah, like that.
20) 9) dialog: I coulda swore it was right, Krug. ON MARI - she’s been taking this all in -- her mind racing -- she finally opts to speak up --
23) 5) dialog: Do I look o-fucking-kay?! Sadie’s about to pounce on Mari, but pauses as she sees her possessions scattered across the ground.
23) 6) dialog: (angering) Oh, no no no! She hurries forward to grab some clothing from the dirt... SADIE (CONT’D) Look at all my shit! This is everything I own. Sadie uncovers the silenced PISTOL in the debris. Picks it up, charges for Mari -- 41.
23) 7) dialog: You think you can just fuck everything up for us and get away with it? Sadie wrenches Mari’s head back by the hair, presses the pistol to her head. SADIE (CONT’D) Do you?! Sadie gets right in close to the terrified girl.
23) 8) dialog: This is what you get. Sadie suddenly smiles, then lets go of Mari and turns to Francis.
23) 9) dialog: She’s all yours. Francis nods hungrily.
23) 15) text: Paige glances over her shoulder in terror, sees Francis gaining on her and Sadie not far behind him -- She whimpers in fear and pushes herself even harder -- Paige disappears from his vision as the terrain dips and she heads down a hill. She stumbles down the steep incline, leaping over logs, obstacles... suddenly TRIPS on a rock, CRIES OUT as she sprains her ankle, FALLING forward, now TUMBLING and ROLLING down the hill toward
23) 20) dialog: (out of breath) Take it easy! TAKE IT EASY! I can help you. I can get you out of this. Paige’s hand gropes at her side, frantically searching for a weapon. It closes on a large ROCK.
23) 23) dialog: No --
23) 25) dialog: Krug wants us to bring her back.
24) 0) text: Paige, her wrists tied with pieces of her now shredded shirt, is thrown to the ground next to Mari. Krug is still glaring, just as we left him, intense uncertainty raging in his eyes. Sadie and Francis stare at him expectantly. Justin stands in the b.g. Too terrified to move as
24) 3) text: Krug doesn’t respond. KRUG’S POV - He looks from Francis to Sadie to the girls and his wandering gaze comes to rest on Justin, who’s staring at the ground. Sensing this, Justin looks up at Krug, looking uneasy at being the focus of his father’s attention.
24) 29) dialog: You’‘d think she might protest, but instead, she seems oddly captivated, bordering on turned on by what Krug is doing to Mari.
24) 30) dialog: Then she’s a liar. Look around. Look what she did. She does think that. So you gotta make it clear. -- It goes both ways.
24) 41) dialog: (to Justin; re: necklace) Hey, you don’t want that, I’11l take it. Justin stares at her. Then grabs the necklace, gently puts it in his jeans pocket as -- cU - MARI - she turns her head forward, peering ahead of her into the woods as the PAIN becomes overwhelming, forcing 49.
24) 49) dialog: What can you do for mommy, sweetie? One more try at what? Mari turns, locks eyes with Sadie: 50.
24) 51) dialog: Goddammit! ! Sadie raises the gun and fires. The bullets SPLINTER tree trunks as Mari runs past them.
25) 7) dialog: You‘re not going after her? Krug glares.
25) 13) dialog: You got her.
26) 0) text: Krug, Francis, and Sadie make their way back up to the crashed SUV. Justin’s still sitting against the tree staring at Paige’s body.
26) 1) dialog: So... Anybody know where the hell we are?
26) 4) dialog: Trust me, it’s more than a tad.
27) 0) text: Krug, Francis, Justin, Sadie, walking on the shoulder. We PULL BACK to reveal the “LAKE ENDS IN THE ROAD” SIGN coming into frame as they approach. Krug eyes it.
27) 4) dialog: (nodding 0.S.) That a house through there? Krug turns, focuses his gaze through the trees lining the narrow side road whose entrance they’re standing across from. They see the shimmer of lights on the front porch and in the upstairs windows..
29) 0) text: The front door is opened to expose a soaking-wet Krug standing outside, his hands on the shoulders of a dazed Justin standing in front of him. Francis and Sadie stand behind them in the downpour, Francis with a bloody piece of clothing held to his nose.
30) 14) dialog: Thank you, Emma. 57. Sadie looks around at the kitchen in awe.
30) 15) dialog: This is a really beautiful kitchen. Everything’s so white and squeaky clean. Emma‘s a little weirded out by Sadie’s childlike leering.
30) 24) dialog: That’s putting it mildly. Emma finishes stirring the hot chocolate.
30) 43) dialog: You sure that’s a good idea, Krug? Krug pauses. Glares at Sadie, pissed at her questioning him --
30) 44) dialog: (covering) I mean, do they even have taxis here?
32) 0) text: Emma enters to find John starting the fire. Krug, Francis, Sadie, Justin looking on.
40) 0) text: Everyone dressed in ponchos, Emma, carrying the flashlight and a bundle of candles and matches, rushes through the downpour, leading Krug, Sadie, Francis, and Justin to the guesthouse.
48) 0) text: Sadie’s taking a nice, soothing shower by candlelight, the shower rod and curtain hanging diagonally, dangling from just the one end, the other end having collapsed into the tub -- evidently, Sadie had the same issues with it that Mari had earlier. CU - SADIE - eyes closed as the water flows down her scarred face... 72. WITH KRUG - in the bedroom. He sets the silenced gun on the night stand, pulls his shirt off. Collapses to the bed, his legs and feet hanging off the side, just above MARI‘’S DUFFEL BAG stuffed underneath. Krug looks over through the bedroom doorway into the living room, sees Justin’s silhouetted form lying on the pull-out bed.
56) 6) dialog: What? Krug looks down, sees the duffel bag protruding from under the bed. 80. KRUG‘S HAND Reaches down, grabs it. Justin nearly hyperventilates as the bag is suddenly swiped away. Krug lifts up the heavy bag, unzips it, reaches inside and pulls out one of Mari’s jogging weights. Then one more, then a wrist band --
60) 0) text: The door CREAKS. John winces as a lightning flash ignites the dark bedroom. He sees Krug and Sadie sleeping in the bed. Krug wears only pants, while Sadie’s in her underwear. John warily glances across the room and freezes, his eyes widening in shock as he sees
60) 2) dialog: no! Sadie rolls away as John SHOOTS. BAM! The bullet strikes her in the side of her neck. Sadie SCREAMS in agony as Krug dives out of the bed, grabs one of Mari’s jogging weights he found in her duffel and hurls it back at John, SMACKING him in the shoulder just as he FIRES. Emma charges for Krug who grabs another weight and throws it at her, forcing her to dive back into the living room. John whirls back only to be tackled by a SCREAMING and FLAILING Sadie. 86. SADIE (CONT’D) You fucking cocksucker, what the fuck are you doing?! She’s beating her arms on John who drops the gun, forced to fight her off.
60) 5) dialog: emerges from the bathroom, grabs a lamp off the bedside table. Emma sees her.
60) 7) dialog: flings the lamp at John who bats it away -- FIRES back blindly -- misses --
60) 9) dialog: (not missing a beat) Well, your daughter was a little cunt fuck! This as Sadie grabs Justin and drags him back into the bathroom. Emma pursues, but she’s not in time. Sadie SLAMS the door in her face.
60) 15) dialog: Godammn you little shit! Sadie throws Justin away. He tumbles into the bathtub. He gets up only to face the wrath of Sadie. She CLOCKS him with the shower rod. Justin hits the edge of the tub, falls limp -- out cold. Sadie turns back to face John. SADIE (CONT’D) Stay the fuck away! John takes a step forward, looking for an opening -- CRASH! SMASH! Sadie wildly knocks the contents of the bathroom to the floor, BASHING holes in the plaster walls, the mirror as she goes absolutely BERSERK, thrashing like a cornered animal gone insane -- 88. SADIE (CONT’D) I’11 fucking kill you!! Sadie charges for John just as