68) 0) text: Proximo is with a dozen other gladiator trainers and the Colosseum's orator and majordomo, CASSIUS.  They are haggling in an secluded area not far from the arena itself.  Huge chalkboards chart the day's matches and wagers and odds. Colosseum touts continually erase and mark new figures on the chalkboards to keep up with the swiftly changing bouts. The roar of the lions and the unnerving screams of the Christians can clearly be heard.
68) 1) dialog: ... and the Emperor will have no more animal battles today -- Upset roars from some of the trainers.
68) 4) dialog: Talk to the man in the imperial box. Who has the next slot...? (he checks the boards)
68) 9) dialog: You give us the Carthage match or lose your spot on the rotation -- but don't worry -- gold is flowing from the Emperor's fingers.
68) 13) dialog: (to Proximo)
68) 16) dialog: You will and the price will be 90,000 sesterces each -- (to all)
68) 23) dialog: Give me your best, brothers.  They die before Caesar. He strides back to the arena.  The touts instantly begin making new marks on the boards to represent the mysteriou "Carthage Spectacle" as some of the trainers hurry out. Proximo walks with Trainer #4:
70) 0) text: At last we see it. The mighty Colosseum Arena. Nothing we could have possibly imagined could have prepared us for the sight of the thousands and thousands of screaming spectators, the row after row of cheering faces. It is staggering. But for Maximus none of this exists.  His full attention is focused on one spot alone.  The Imperial Box. He can see Commodus and Lucilla sitting in the box.  The box is elevated fifteen feet above the arena floor at the top of a sheer black marble wall.  A cohort of fifty imposing Praetorian Guard Archers surround the box. Commodus' personal Body Guard of six Centurions actually stand in the box itself, eyes constantly watching like modern Secret Service agents. Commodus is untouchable. Meanwhile, three teams move from different entrances to the arena. As Cassius orates to the crowd:
70) 1) dialog: This day we reach back to hallowed antiquity to bring you... THE FALL
70) 4) dialog: But on that illustrious day the Gods sent against them Rome's greatest warriors...!  The very life-image of nobility and glorious valor... who would on this day, and on these same arid Numidian deserts, decide THE FATE OF THE EMPIRE... Your Emperor is pleased to give you... THE
73) 0) text: The Colosseum is again packed.  Commodus, Lucilla and her son Lucius are in the Imperial Box. It is late in the day and teams of slaves are cleaning th arena after a bout.  They haul off carcasses and toss dow fresh sand. Meanwhile, Cassius is orating to the crowd:
73) 1) dialog: ... in his majestic charity the Emperor has deigned to this day favor the people of Rome with an historical final match.  Returning to the Colosseum today... after five years in retirement... Caesar is pleased to bring you... THE ONLY
75) 1) dialog: (orating)
111) 0) text: The hymn is all we hear as we see...    The stands are filling.  We see the rich and poor alike. We see the orator Cassius.  We see Senator Falco and most of the Senate.  We see the cohort of fifty Praetorian taking up position around the Imperial Box. A golden platform, with stairs down to the arena sand, no extends about twenty feet from the Imperial Box to a spot over the arena. We float down the stairs and then we see the arena itself... It is stunning in its simplicity. The days victims are tied to posts in the center of the arena.  Suspended above them is an enormous cloud.  A thick, tumescent bladder painted to look like a threatening rain cloud. We see Proximo and Juba.  We see Senators Gracchus and Gaius.  We see Gaius' wife and Gracchus catamite and Christian families and scholars and actors. Seven stylized hills surround them. The hymn comes to its soaring conclusion as we see the damned.