18) 0) text: Maximus is slogging through the mud and snow that blanket the Rome camp.  He stops to observe an unusual sight. Commodus is stripped almost naked, his chiseled body covered in a fine sheen of sweat.  He and his six CENTURION BODY GUARDS are going through their daily ritual.  They defy the sub-zero temperatures and hack at small trees with swords. It is an eerie, zen-like workout.  Commodus' intense concentration is unnerving. Maximus watches for a moment then moves on.  He approache a large network of tents.  He enters.
70) 0) text: At last we see it. The mighty Colosseum Arena. Nothing we could have possibly imagined could have prepared us for the sight of the thousands and thousands of screaming spectators, the row after row of cheering faces. It is staggering. But for Maximus none of this exists.  His full attention is focused on one spot alone.  The Imperial Box. He can see Commodus and Lucilla sitting in the box.  The box is elevated fifteen feet above the arena floor at the top of a sheer black marble wall.  A cohort of fifty imposing Praetorian Guard Archers surround the box. Commodus' personal Body Guard of six Centurions actually stand in the box itself, eyes constantly watching like modern Secret Service agents. Commodus is untouchable. Meanwhile, three teams move from different entrances to the arena. As Cassius orates to the crowd:
86) 0) text: Lucilla is with her HANDMAIDEN.  They sit before a large mirror, the Handmaiden perfecting Lucilla's makeup for th day. One of Commodus' Centurion Body Guards enters, bows.
86) 1) dialog: Madame, the Emperor would like to see you. Lucilla quickly glances to her Handmaiden in the mirror and then braces herself, stands, and quickly leaves with the Centurion.
118) 0) text: Proximo leads them through a series of catacombs -- damp tunnels shoot off in every direction -- everywhere around them the heavy machinery of the games rise like mammoth creatures to the arena above -- a baroque network of rope and pulleys and counterweights and elevator platforms and air shafts and blood sewers -- And they suddenly run directly into Commodus, dragging Lucius, and his six Centurions coming the other direction. The final battle begins with no preamble -- Maximus launches himself forward -- instantly separating Commodus and Lucius -- he slams at Commodus with his swor -- Commodus slams back -- Proximo and Juba race into the six Centurions -- a wild free-for-all as they prove their worth as warriors -- Jub fights with his usual elegant precision -- Proximo fights as a man reborn, alive again -- Proximo takes cagey advantage of his knowledge of this subterranean world -- spinning around machinery and leaping over blood sewers and swinging heavy counterweights -- Maximus and Commodus hack at each other with all the fier passion in them -- Commodus is a perfect match for Maximu and equally ruthless -- their swords thrust and parry and slice at amazing speed -- one false move, one mistake, means death -- Meanwhile, the battle is turning into a victory for Juba and Proximo -- they are defeating the Centurions -- Commodus sees this -- and sees Lucius crying in a corner -- He screams to one of his remaining Centurions: