16) 0) text: An immediate swirl of noise.  The grand mess tent is crowded with soldiers.  They are still filthy with caked- on mud and blood.  Wounds are bandaged and tankards are raised in celebration of the victory. Marcus sits in a central position and receives visitors. Currently two Senators, FALCO and GAIUS, are bowing befor him.
16) 1) dialog: Hail, Marcus Aurelius.
16) 25) text: I'm going home. Senators Gaius and Falco join them.
16) 28) dialog: A war hero with a handsome face and a strong heart could go far.
16) 30) dialog: Have you never considered Rome?
16) 41) dialog: He's a damned provocateur.
52) 0) text: Emperor Commodus is standing before a group of male children and their tutors in his throne room. The throne room is still very much the province of his father.  Manuscripts and astronomical charts and papyrus scrolls and wax tablets litter the heavy desk.  A large bust of Marcus Aurelius is in one corner. Lucilla and Senator Falco are present.  So too Senators Gracchus and Gaius and Captain Marcellus. A well-rehearsed child presents Commodus with a laurel wreath.
79) 0) text: Maximus defeats his opponent.  He stands over him.  He does not kill him. He tosses his sword down and walks away.  The crowd goes crazy, roaring their approval of Maximus. Senator Falco, sits in the stands and watches with some alarm.  He glances around as the crowd exalts Maximus.  H is becoming a hero to the people. The drums continue...
111) 0) text: The hymn is all we hear as we see...    The stands are filling.  We see the rich and poor alike. We see the orator Cassius.  We see Senator Falco and most of the Senate.  We see the cohort of fifty Praetorian taking up position around the Imperial Box. A golden platform, with stairs down to the arena sand, no extends about twenty feet from the Imperial Box to a spot over the arena. We float down the stairs and then we see the arena itself... It is stunning in its simplicity. The days victims are tied to posts in the center of the arena.  Suspended above them is an enormous cloud.  A thick, tumescent bladder painted to look like a threatening rain cloud. We see Proximo and Juba.  We see Senators Gracchus and Gaius.  We see Gaius' wife and Gracchus catamite and Christian families and scholars and actors. Seven stylized hills surround them. The hymn comes to its soaring conclusion as we see the damned.