16) 0) text: An immediate swirl of noise.  The grand mess tent is crowded with soldiers.  They are still filthy with caked- on mud and blood.  Wounds are bandaged and tankards are raised in celebration of the victory. Marcus sits in a central position and receives visitors. Currently two Senators, FALCO and GAIUS, are bowing befor him.
16) 3) dialog: We live in supplication to your glory.
16) 5) dialog: Senator Gracchus is hale, sire.
16) 7) dialog: Still eager for your triumphant return to Rome, Caesar.
16) 25) text: I'm going home. Senators Gaius and Falco join them.
16) 26) dialog: (to Maximus)
16) 33) dialog: Are you a believer in Republicanism?
16) 37) dialog: If your heart lies with the people, I would back you for the Senate. I'm sure Gracchus would as well.
16) 39) dialog: (smiles to Maximus)
16) 42) dialog: He lives under the antiquated assumption that the Senate should represent the people with vigor.
16) 44) dialog: He serves Rome best when he serves it with honesty.
51) 0) text: SENATOR GRACCHUS, an imposing, moral and corpulent man in his 60's, is riding in a luxurious wagon with Senator Gaius. And CAPTAIN MARCELLUS, the handsome Head of the Roman Cit Guard. Their wagon slowly maneuvers through the crowded streets of Rome.  The cosmopolitan bustle of the great urban center is everywhere around them.
51) 4) dialog: Do you think he'll listen to us?
52) 0) text: Emperor Commodus is standing before a group of male children and their tutors in his throne room. The throne room is still very much the province of his father.  Manuscripts and astronomical charts and papyrus scrolls and wax tablets litter the heavy desk.  A large bust of Marcus Aurelius is in one corner. Lucilla and Senator Falco are present.  So too Senators Gracchus and Gaius and Captain Marcellus. A well-rehearsed child presents Commodus with a laurel wreath.
52) 35) dialog: It's madness.
60) 0) text: Senators Gracchus and Gaius and Captain Marcellus are waiting.
60) 12) dialog: And what pays for it?  These games are costing a fortune and yet we have no new taxes.
60) 15) dialog: No.
60) 21) dialog: The Praetorians would only seize control themselves.
60) 26) dialog: No Roman army has entered the capital in a hundred years.
78) 0) text: Lucilla conspires with Senators Gracchus and Gaius and Captain Marcellus in a dark corner of the Senate. Whispers.
78) 2) dialog: We've been ordered to attend.
78) 7) dialog: And what of the Emperor? A beat.
78) 11) dialog: One question... who is to be the actual Regicide? A beat.  She glances at him. The drums continue...
111) 0) text: The hymn is all we hear as we see...    The stands are filling.  We see the rich and poor alike. We see the orator Cassius.  We see Senator Falco and most of the Senate.  We see the cohort of fifty Praetorian taking up position around the Imperial Box. A golden platform, with stairs down to the arena sand, no extends about twenty feet from the Imperial Box to a spot over the arena. We float down the stairs and then we see the arena itself... It is stunning in its simplicity. The days victims are tied to posts in the center of the arena.  Suspended above them is an enormous cloud.  A thick, tumescent bladder painted to look like a threatening rain cloud. We see Proximo and Juba.  We see Senators Gracchus and Gaius.  We see Gaius' wife and Gracchus catamite and Christian families and scholars and actors. Seven stylized hills surround them. The hymn comes to its soaring conclusion as we see the damned.