16) 40) text: The august Senator Gracchus has been rather a gadfly on the flesh of the imperial family.
51) 0) text: SENATOR GRACCHUS, an imposing, moral and corpulent man in his 60's, is riding in a luxurious wagon with Senator Gaius. And CAPTAIN MARCELLUS, the handsome Head of the Roman Cit Guard. Their wagon slowly maneuvers through the crowded streets of Rome.  The cosmopolitan bustle of the great urban center is everywhere around them.
51) 1) dialog: We have plague in the Hebrew Quarter and it is spreading... we have looting at the granaries... we have so much filth in the Tiber that the water is undrinkable... we have Praetorian Guard units that are demanding protection payments from the merchants at the exchange --
51) 3) dialog: Rome dies as the Emperor plays at beneficence.  At least Nero gave us music!
51) 5) dialog: It is his duty to hear the will of the Senate. Their wagon stops -- hopelessly stuck in a massive traffi jam of chariots, wagons and sedan chairs.
51) 6) dialog: Not to mention the damn traffic!
52) 0) text: Emperor Commodus is standing before a group of male children and their tutors in his throne room. The throne room is still very much the province of his father.  Manuscripts and astronomical charts and papyrus scrolls and wax tablets litter the heavy desk.  A large bust of Marcus Aurelius is in one corner. Lucilla and Senator Falco are present.  So too Senators Gracchus and Gaius and Captain Marcellus. A well-rehearsed child presents Commodus with a laurel wreath.
52) 6) dialog: Darling children, to be sure, now if I may proceed?
52) 9) dialog: Caesar, your presence in Rome is an invaluable opportunity to begin correcting some of the ills that have beset the city since your father went to the wars.  We would like to --
52) 12) dialog: With respect, sire, the people don't need love -- they need law.  The Senate has prepared a series of protocols to begin addressing the corruption in the city -- (Gaius hands him a scroll)
52) 16) dialog: The Senate is the people.
52) 19) dialog: Have you ever embraced someone dying of plague, sire? Commodus stops.  Looks at him.  A lethal moment.
52) 21) dialog: You want to hold games?
52) 23) dialog: If I may, Caesar... how are you going to pay for this?
52) 25) dialog: Respectfully, sire, taxation and import duties are the exclusive province of the Senate -- Commodus spins on him so quickly and with such feral violence that everyone is shocked --
52) 36) dialog: No... it's not... A beat.
52) 37) dialog: He knows who Rome is.  Rome is the mob.  He will conjure magic for them and they will be distracted.  And he will takes their lives.  And he will take their freedom.  And still they will roar.  The beating heart of Rome isn't the marble of the Senate. It's the sand of the Colosseum.  He will give them death.  And they will love him for it.
60) 0) text: Senators Gracchus and Gaius and Captain Marcellus are waiting.
60) 2) dialog: We've taking a sounding, the Senate is with us.
60) 4) dialog: But we are only words.  We are air. We need steel.
60) 8) dialog: Well, can they at least be rented for a day?
60) 23) dialog: Lucilla, Gaius is right.  Until the City Guard can neutralize the Praetorians we can accomplish nothing.
60) 31) text: It's all right, darling, you -- Lucius suddenly notices Senator Gracchus:
60) 33) text: Senator!  What did you bring me?! He leaps onto Gracchus -- Gracchus laughs and pulls something from his robe.
60) 34) dialog: For you prince Lucius... a sea monster! Gracchus gives Lucius a beautifully painted toy of a sea serpent.
60) 35) dialog: Off the coast of Achaea they grow twenty times this size, with snapping teeth to devour any nasty Praetorians they come across... now, where is Achaea?
60) 37) dialog: Show me on the map. Lucius runs to a map and stabs his finger at Achaea.  We sense this is an old game between them.
60) 41) dialog: You're welcome, Prince Anthill! Lucius goes.  Lucilla shuts the door after him.  A moment She turns to the others, a deep anguish in her eyes.
60) 43) dialog: Peace child... One dark night the Gods will light our path.  They will give us the voice we need.  Have faith in that.  Have faith.
78) 0) text: Lucilla conspires with Senators Gracchus and Gaius and Captain Marcellus in a dark corner of the Senate. Whispers.
78) 4) dialog: About half.  But once the tyrant is dead.  All. A beat.
78) 5) dialog: I want to meet him.
78) 9) dialog: We should fear for the blackest storm.
82) 0) text: Maximus and Juba are with Lucilla and Gracchus.  Lucilla is writing on a piece of parchment.
82) 7) dialog: I only have one question for you, General... Why? A beat.
82) 8) dialog: You will lead an army of your brothers on Rome.  Many will die. Why?
82) 10) dialog: That's not the reason.  Tell me the truth. A beat.
82) 12) dialog: I knew the old man well.  And I loved him very much.  In our youth we would spend hours building that dream together.  After he went to the wars and lost his way... I was very cruel.  I tormented him to remember that dream we spoke of.
82) 14) dialog: You can have no idea how much that means to me. A beat.
82) 15) dialog: Any man who will die for a whispered dream deserves my respect.  I honor you, General. The drums continue...
111) 0) text: The hymn is all we hear as we see...    The stands are filling.  We see the rich and poor alike. We see the orator Cassius.  We see Senator Falco and most of the Senate.  We see the cohort of fifty Praetorian taking up position around the Imperial Box. A golden platform, with stairs down to the arena sand, no extends about twenty feet from the Imperial Box to a spot over the arena. We float down the stairs and then we see the arena itself... It is stunning in its simplicity. The days victims are tied to posts in the center of the arena.  Suspended above them is an enormous cloud.  A thick, tumescent bladder painted to look like a threatening rain cloud. We see Proximo and Juba.  We see Senators Gracchus and Gaius.  We see Gaius' wife and Gracchus catamite and Christian families and scholars and actors. Seven stylized hills surround them. The hymn comes to its soaring conclusion as we see the damned.
119) 0) text: A trap door springs open and the elevator platform rises to the sand of the arena.  Maximus stands above the dead Emperor. The crowd stares in amazement -- and then begins to cheer in joy at the return of their hero.  A chant begins... "Maximus the Merciful... Maximus the Merciful... Maximus the Merciful..." which then grows to a refrain of "Caesar... Caesar... Caesar..." Maximus ignores them, his eyes drawn to one sight: Lucilla. He goes to the steps of the platform leading to the Imperial Box.  He slowly climbs the steps. In the Imperial Box, Senator Gracchus is standing.  So to Juba and others. Lucius is kneeling by his mother, holding her hand, his head down.  Lucilla is dead.  Lucius mourns with quiet dignity. Maximus looks at Lucilla and kneels.  He takes her other hand.  A long moment.  He looks at Lucius. Then he slowly bends forward and kisses Lucilla deeply, the ritual farewell. He stands. Senator Gracchus steps to him:
119) 1) dialog: General, the purple is yours if you so desire.  The Senate will support you. Maximus looks at him.  And then at the people.  The chant of "Caesar... Caesar... Caesar..." is like a powerful beating heart. Maximus moves to the edge of the Imperial Box to address the people.  The crowd grows silent. Maximus looks around at the blood of the arena.