42) 0) text: Maximus' eyes slowly open -- Inches away from his face -- a lion roars -- Maximus lurches back. He looks around to realize he is in a filthy slave wagon. Three other wagons slowly move over the desert landscape. Exotic animals are caged in pens or led alongside the wagons:  lions, panthers, zebras, a giraffe.  A dozen slaves are chained together alongside sacks of spices and other cargo.  Bedouin slave traders jabber in a surreal babel of foreign tongues. And someone is looking at him.  JUBA, a striking African, is gazing at him impassively as he chews something.  Juba is also chained.
42) 3) dialog: Yes. Juba spits what he has been chewing into his hands and moves to Maximus.
42) 4) dialog: For your wound... Maximus stares at him.
42) 5) dialog: (nods)
42) 6) text: For your wound. Maximus looks down -- the bloody wound at his side. Juba carefully places his poultice over the wound -- Maximus hisses in pain -- Juba massages the poultice into the wound gently as:
42) 7) dialog: If you die in the wagons they feed you to the lions... The lions are worth more than we are.  I think we are worth more than the zebras though.  So they don't feed us to them. Maximus stares at him.  Juba looks down at him with the barest hint of a smile.
42) 8) dialog: I'm not sure about the giraffe.
43) 0) text: The heat of Morocco is unlike anything Maximus has ever known.  Shimmering heat waves undulate over the sand. The provincial market is bustling like the proverbial anthill.  Slave traders and dealers and merchants move around, all talking very quickly and very emphatically. Maximus, Juba and a number of other slaves are on display poked and prodded and fondled.  Their BEDOUIN SLAVE TRADE sings out their praises to any passers. The crowd parts almost magically for the dramatic arrival of PROXIMO.  Proximo is a large man of immense appetites. He has the ferocious appearance of a true pirate.  Two slaves follow behind him and impotently swat at flies wit switches.
44) 0) text: Maximus and Juba are crammed into a wagon with about ten other slaves, including a very scared and reedy SCRIBE. Other wagons are filled with exotic animals, including several lions. The wagons move through a crowded casbah and are taken through an imposing set of gates to...
46) 0) text: Maximus and Juba share a small, filthy cell.  The cell door faces the open compound.  Across the compound they can see the much more comfortable cells of the "star" gladiators such as Vibius. They both sit on the floor, leaning against the wall. Juba is eating a bowl of food with a wooden spoon. Maximus' bowl and spoon are at his side, he has not touched them.
46) 1) dialog: Have you killed a man before? Maximus does not respond.
46) 2) dialog: You should eat.  You'll need your strength tomorrow. Maximus does not respond.
46) 3) dialog: I've never killed a man.  But I think you have. Maximus does not respond.
46) 4) dialog: I almost killed once.  The Romans destroyed my village.  I was with a hunting party and when we returned... I would have killed every Roman in the world. A long beat.
46) 5) dialog: If you don't eat you will die. Maximus does not respond. A beat.
46) 6) dialog: In the village I come from there was a man once.  He went fishing one day and his boat was attacked by crocodiles.  One of them ate his leg.  He pulled himself to the shore and a lion attacked him.  It ate one of his arms.  He dragged himself through the desert on the way home and a scorpion stung his eye.  So he only had one eye.  When he reached the village I sat with him.  I said, "You have lost a leg, an arm and one eye.  You must have a mighty will to live."  He said, "No, Lord, it's just better than the alternative." Maximus finally looks at him.
46) 7) dialog: Life is a gift from our fathers to us.  Who are you to give it up for lack of lifting a spoon? Maximus does not respond.
47) 0) text: Maximus and Juba are being observed.  Proximo stands in the shadows of the compound and watches intently.
48) 0) text: Blood appears to be flowing across an oxen's back.  But the blood is too rich, too red. The oxen are pulling an open slave wagon through the crowded streets of the town.  Hanging above the street is dyed wool drying in the sun.  Vermilion and crimson dyes drip down and splash across the oxen -- and splash across the gladiators. Maximus, Juba, the formidable Vibius are chained in the back of the wagon.  Also the frightened Scribe. Proximo and a few of his guards drive the wagon.  Proximo has an umbrella over him, colored with years of dripping dyes. They pass a banner honoring Vibius, the star of Proximo's stable. Meanwhile, the terrified Scribe is almost weeping, chattering nervously to Vibius, chained next to him:
49) 4) text: ... give the Spaniard to him.  Give the Scribe to Vibius. Proximo nods to Vibius, who, for reasons we shall soon see, makes no protest to being chained to the whimpering Scribe. Proximo watches the blacksmith shackle Maximus and Juba together and then strides off.
49) 5) dialog: (to Maximus)
50) 11) text: Give me odds, friend. In the arena: From the opposite end of the arena a dozen armored, very scary Andabatae thunder into the arena.  Some of the crow cheers. The Andabatae immediately race for the chained teams and the battle is on. Vibius spins into action -- dragging the weeping Scribe after him as he circles opponents and fights -- the Scrib is almost instantly killed -- Vibius immediately hacks through the Scribe's wrist and frees himself, as Proximo surely intended.  Vibius is now free to fight alone, swinging the chain as an additional weapon. Juba's eyes dart everywhere as he tries to move with Maximus -- Maximus neither helps nor hinders -- allowing Juba to pull him along -- Proximo, now that his star Vibius is safe, watched Maximu and Juba closely. Juba fights well, with a strange elegance, his body flowing like liquid -- but he is inexperienced.  He strikes a few blows and then tries to move away -- finall he is in trouble -- cornered -- a huge Andabata is slicin at him -- it is a desperate battle -- Juba is losing -- his sword is slammed away -- the Andabata raises his swor for the kill -- And Maximus strikes. With a sudden roar he EXPLODES into action -- he swings past Juba and blocks the blow meant for Juba -- then he slashes the Andabata -- killing him -- he pulls Juba afte him as he fights -- It is a dazzling display of Maximus' skill -- he moves through the Andabatae at amazing speed -- spinning around Juba and protecting him -- slashing ruthlessly -- pulling Juba after him and commanding the battle -- Juba recovers a sword and they fight together. In the box: Proximo watches, smiles.  A gladiator is born.
55) 0) text: A large mess area has been set up.  The tables around the compound are crowded with gladiators.  Guards everywhere. Maximus and Juba enter.  Move to get food.  All conversation gradually drains away as the other gladiator watch them.  Silence. Maximus and Juba note the strange silence as they move to a large table. Vibius is at the table with a number of other gladiators. There are no places for Maximus and Juba. Vibius stands and kicks two other gladiators off their bench.
57) 0) text: Maximus is crouched in the back of an enclosed slave wago with Vibius, Juba and a few other gladiators. In the distance, Rome.
63) 0) text: Inside the gates is a large courtyard, much like Proximo' Moroccan school but much more impressive.  A fountain wit an enormous statue of the war god Mars is central in the courtyard. The gladiators climb from the wagon, stretching after the long journey.  Vibius leads Maximus and Juba to the statue.  He wades through the fountain and kisses the toe of Mars.
64) 0) text: Later.  Maximus and Juba again share a cell.  It is more comfortable than their cell in Morocco, befitting Maximus new status as one of the "stars."  A high, barred window on one wall opens to the city.  Another barred window is directly over them, twenty feet above. Maximus pulls himself up to the side window, he looks out And sees at last... The Colosseum. It is a breathtaking sight.  Monolithic Albert Speer-like columns of light shine up from the Colosseum.  It seems t illuminate the whole city and the heavens above. Maximus drops back to the floor.
64) 1) dialog: Do you think it will be much different?  Here in Rome?
64) 3) dialog: Are you scared for tomorrow?
64) 5) dialog: Me too. A beat.
64) 6) dialog: I never though it would be so easy to kill. A beat.
64) 7) dialog: So you're finally home.
64) 9) dialog: For all Romans... this is home. A beat.
64) 10) dialog: (quietly)
64) 13) dialog: How can I go back?  I am not what I was.  When a man kills for no reason, he has lost himself. A long beat. Juba leans his head back and quietly begins to sing.  A haunting lament in his native tongue.
69) 0) text: Maximus, Juba, Vibius and another of Proximo's gladiators are being armed.  They all wear mask-like helmets. Proximo hurries to them.
72) 0) text: Maximus silently awaits Commodus' assassins with Juba. They hear footsteps outside the cell.  Maximus stands, preparing for death.
72) 1) dialog: (also standing)
72) 4) dialog: Better to die for a friend than to die for gold. The door swings open and they are surprised to see Proxim sweeping in with a cloaked woman.  The woman gives Proxim a bag of money.
72) 6) text: General, perform well and there will be riches for you. He beckons to Juba, they go, shutting the door behind them.  The woman pulls off her cloak, it is Lucilla. Maximus glares at her, his muscles tensing.
80) 0) text: Maximus returns to the holding cells.  Vibius and Juba ar waiting.
82) 0) text: Maximus and Juba are with Lucilla and Gracchus.  Lucilla is writing on a piece of parchment.
91) 0) text: Maximus stands with Juba and Vibius.  He draws a circle i the sand with a stick.  He draws a line to the circle.
91) 6) dialog: And if we die that day -- we die free men worthy of our ancestors.
91) 9) dialog: And impotent. A beat.  Vibius thinks about it.
98) 7) text: Go, Spaniard!  We'll show these Roman dogs how gladiators fight!    Proximo hauls Maximus and Juba off as Vibius and the othe gladiators arm themselves --
99) 0) text: Proximo is leading Maximus and Juba quickly through a decaying cramped tunnel.
99) 2) dialog: How did they know?
99) 4) dialog: (stops)
99) 6) dialog: Go!  Bring us the army! Maximus nods.
103) 0) text: Proximo and Juba are quickly marching back down the tunne toward the compound -- they are very close now -- the roa of flame is heard -- the creak of falling timber -- and the screams of burning men.  They run. They round a corner and see there is no way past the worl of flame ahead of them.  The tunnel to the compound has collapsed.
104) 0) text: They emerge through a sewer entrance -- right into the arms of the Praetorian Guard.  Proximo and Juba are bound Proximo sees his compound burning.  Sees the Praetorian archers taking out any last survivors.  Hears the screams
111) 0) text: The hymn is all we hear as we see...    The stands are filling.  We see the rich and poor alike. We see the orator Cassius.  We see Senator Falco and most of the Senate.  We see the cohort of fifty Praetorian taking up position around the Imperial Box. A golden platform, with stairs down to the arena sand, no extends about twenty feet from the Imperial Box to a spot over the arena. We float down the stairs and then we see the arena itself... It is stunning in its simplicity. The days victims are tied to posts in the center of the arena.  Suspended above them is an enormous cloud.  A thick, tumescent bladder painted to look like a threatening rain cloud. We see Proximo and Juba.  We see Senators Gracchus and Gaius.  We see Gaius' wife and Gracchus catamite and Christian families and scholars and actors. Seven stylized hills surround them. The hymn comes to its soaring conclusion as we see the damned.
118) 0) text: Proximo leads them through a series of catacombs -- damp tunnels shoot off in every direction -- everywhere around them the heavy machinery of the games rise like mammoth creatures to the arena above -- a baroque network of rope and pulleys and counterweights and elevator platforms and air shafts and blood sewers -- And they suddenly run directly into Commodus, dragging Lucius, and his six Centurions coming the other direction. The final battle begins with no preamble -- Maximus launches himself forward -- instantly separating Commodus and Lucius -- he slams at Commodus with his swor -- Commodus slams back -- Proximo and Juba race into the six Centurions -- a wild free-for-all as they prove their worth as warriors -- Jub fights with his usual elegant precision -- Proximo fights as a man reborn, alive again -- Proximo takes cagey advantage of his knowledge of this subterranean world -- spinning around machinery and leaping over blood sewers and swinging heavy counterweights -- Maximus and Commodus hack at each other with all the fier passion in them -- Commodus is a perfect match for Maximu and equally ruthless -- their swords thrust and parry and slice at amazing speed -- one false move, one mistake, means death -- Meanwhile, the battle is turning into a victory for Juba and Proximo -- they are defeating the Centurions -- Commodus sees this -- and sees Lucius crying in a corner -- He screams to one of his remaining Centurions:
119) 0) text: A trap door springs open and the elevator platform rises to the sand of the arena.  Maximus stands above the dead Emperor. The crowd stares in amazement -- and then begins to cheer in joy at the return of their hero.  A chant begins... "Maximus the Merciful... Maximus the Merciful... Maximus the Merciful..." which then grows to a refrain of "Caesar... Caesar... Caesar..." Maximus ignores them, his eyes drawn to one sight: Lucilla. He goes to the steps of the platform leading to the Imperial Box.  He slowly climbs the steps. In the Imperial Box, Senator Gracchus is standing.  So to Juba and others. Lucius is kneeling by his mother, holding her hand, his head down.  Lucilla is dead.  Lucius mourns with quiet dignity. Maximus looks at Lucilla and kneels.  He takes her other hand.  A long moment.  He looks at Lucius. Then he slowly bends forward and kisses Lucilla deeply, the ritual farewell. He stands. Senator Gracchus steps to him: