60) 29) dialog: I heard voices...
60) 31) text: It's all right, darling, you -- Lucius suddenly notices Senator Gracchus:
60) 32) dialog: (running to Gracchus)
60) 36) dialog: Below Macedonia!
60) 39) dialog: (to Gracchus)
73) 0) text: The Colosseum is again packed.  Commodus, Lucilla and her son Lucius are in the Imperial Box. It is late in the day and teams of slaves are cleaning th arena after a bout.  They haul off carcasses and toss dow fresh sand. Meanwhile, Cassius is orating to the crowd:
76) 3) dialog: I saw you fight.  The Carthage battle too.  I've never seen so much courage.
76) 5) dialog: My father was killed. A beat.
76) 7) dialog: He still comes to me in my dreams. Do you have a father?
76) 9) dialog: I hope he comes to you in your dreams.  My father and I ride horses in mine. These simple words strike something deep in Maximus. Lucilla appears from the shadows and puts her hands on Lucius' shoulders.
95) 0) text: Lucilla enters, deep in thought, still drained from her meeting with Maximus. She suddenly stops.  Frozen. Commodus is sitting across the chamber, Lucius at his knee.  An open scroll on Commodus' lap.
95) 2) dialog: I've been reading too.
95) 6) dialog: She killed herself with a snake!
95) 9) text: ... by his own blood... they whispered in dark corners and went out late at night and conspired and conspired... Lucilla looks as if she is going to be ill. Lucius is busy scanning the scroll.  Commodus gently strokes his hair, his cold eyes never leaving Lucilla's.
95) 11) dialog: (still pouring over the scrolls)
106) 0) text: Commodus stands with Lucius on a balcony overlooking the city. The roaring flames of the fire at Proximo's compound can easily be seen.
106) 1) dialog: What is that fire?
113) 3) text: With these hands I shall destroy your enemies so that you may sleep always and forever in peace.  From this day forth let it be known that I, Lucius Aelius Aurelius Commodus, have surmounted mortality.  That I, Lucius Aelius Aurelius Commodus, assume my destined place... at the side of the Gods. The crowd is stunned.  A few scattered laughs. Lucilla stares at him, disbelieving.
118) 0) text: Proximo leads them through a series of catacombs -- damp tunnels shoot off in every direction -- everywhere around them the heavy machinery of the games rise like mammoth creatures to the arena above -- a baroque network of rope and pulleys and counterweights and elevator platforms and air shafts and blood sewers -- And they suddenly run directly into Commodus, dragging Lucius, and his six Centurions coming the other direction. The final battle begins with no preamble -- Maximus launches himself forward -- instantly separating Commodus and Lucius -- he slams at Commodus with his swor -- Commodus slams back -- Proximo and Juba race into the six Centurions -- a wild free-for-all as they prove their worth as warriors -- Jub fights with his usual elegant precision -- Proximo fights as a man reborn, alive again -- Proximo takes cagey advantage of his knowledge of this subterranean world -- spinning around machinery and leaping over blood sewers and swinging heavy counterweights -- Maximus and Commodus hack at each other with all the fier passion in them -- Commodus is a perfect match for Maximu and equally ruthless -- their swords thrust and parry and slice at amazing speed -- one false move, one mistake, means death -- Meanwhile, the battle is turning into a victory for Juba and Proximo -- they are defeating the Centurions -- Commodus sees this -- and sees Lucius crying in a corner -- He screams to one of his remaining Centurions:
119) 0) text: A trap door springs open and the elevator platform rises to the sand of the arena.  Maximus stands above the dead Emperor. The crowd stares in amazement -- and then begins to cheer in joy at the return of their hero.  A chant begins... "Maximus the Merciful... Maximus the Merciful... Maximus the Merciful..." which then grows to a refrain of "Caesar... Caesar... Caesar..." Maximus ignores them, his eyes drawn to one sight: Lucilla. He goes to the steps of the platform leading to the Imperial Box.  He slowly climbs the steps. In the Imperial Box, Senator Gracchus is standing.  So to Juba and others. Lucius is kneeling by his mother, holding her hand, his head down.  Lucilla is dead.  Lucius mourns with quiet dignity. Maximus looks at Lucilla and kneels.  He takes her other hand.  A long moment.  He looks at Lucius. Then he slowly bends forward and kisses Lucilla deeply, the ritual farewell. He stands. Senator Gracchus steps to him:
120) 0) text: From high above we see Maximus and Lucius riding out of the Colosseum and disappearing into the streets of Rome.
121) 0) text: Maximus stands with Lucius at his old vineyard. It is still scorched and dead, weeds overgrowing the vineyards, the house ruined. Maximus puts a hand on the boy's shoulder, this boy so like his own son.