4) 0) text: The mighty catapults dwarf the humans.  Soldiers from the elite Felix Regiment -- a legion of the Roman Army -- hau the monstrous machines up a hill. The commanding General of the Felix Regiment, MAXIMUS, walks between two of the catapults.  He is a striking and intense man in his 30's.  Like all the soldiers who surround him, he is caked with mud and exhausted. He trudges up the hill with his two lieutenants, TITUS an QUINTUS.
4) 4) dialog: (quietly)
4) 6) dialog: At the first signal release the catapults.  We'll use the cavalry to cut off the retreat.
4) 8) dialog: I hope not, because I'm going to be leading them. A beat as he gazes down at the enemy.
4) 9) dialog: Why don't they know they're already dead?
5) 0) text: Maximus and Titus are on their horses, the cavalry of two hundred Felix Regiment warriors surrounds them.  Steam flares from their horses' nostrils.  They wait in a thick stand of trees -- the German position can be seen across muddy plain. A large wolf -- "The Wolf of Rome" -- waits at Maximus' side. Maximus nods to an archer.  The archer lights the tip of an arrow and sends it flaming into the night sky.
7) 0) text: The screaming is almost immediate. Maximus and his cavalry watch as the fire pots crash down into the German encampment.
9) 0) text: Maximus watches the German camp.
9) 1) dialog: (to his men)
9) 3) dialog: Steady... He sees the Germans begin fleeing across the plain.  He quickly raises his sword and whispers a prayer, then turn to his men:
9) 4) dialog: Brothers -- I salute you!  For Rome! He spurs his horse and races out of the trees to the plain...
10) 0) text: Maximus leads the terrifying and relentless cavalry charg -- Titus at his side -- the Felix Regiment screams out fearsome war cries as they gallop across the muddy plain toward the Germans -- Fire pots and flaming arrows are crashing down everywhere around them -- The cavalry SLAMS into the Germans at full gallop -- It is carnage. The Felix Regiment warriors slash ruthlessly with short swords -- slicing a path of sheer destruction through the Germans -- but the Germans fight with equal brutality -- and the Germans also fight with the desperation of a hopeless last chance -- they pull and spear Roman soldier off horses whenever they can -- Maximus spins his horse and swings his sword with expert efficiency -- a spear stabs through the neck of his horse and it immediately collapses forward -- Maximus sails over the horse's head and crashes to the muddy ground -- he jumps up and is in the midst of the battle -- The flaming arrows and exploding fire pots create a ferocious inferno everywhere around the battle -- the flames silhouetting the fighting -- On the ground, Maximus proves his absolute worth as a warrior -- he hacks and dodges -- ghastly images of true ancient warfare -- Maximus' eyes burn with a zealous fire as he fights for his life -- He finds he is momentarily at a terrible disadvantage -- Germans are surrounding him from all sides -- as he fight he looks for an advantage -- for his soldiers -- for anything -- he is doomed -- Then -- an almost mystical image -- Maximus' wolf leaps through a wall of flame -- "The Wolf of Rome" savages several Germans around Maximus -- giving him the help he needed. The wolf and his master fight, side-by-side.
12) 0) text: Maximus, bloody and spent, walks through the aftermath of the carnage.  The Wolf of Rome is at his side.  Dead and dying by the hundreds are scattered everywhere.  Roman surgeons are attending to the wounded. Marcus walks to him, embraces him warmly.
12) 1) dialog: Caesar.
12) 3) dialog: I don't think there's anyone left to fight.
12) 6) dialog: Should Caesar permit, I'll go home. I've been away too long.  I've forgotten my wife's face and I barely know my son. Suddenly, a tethered GERMAN PRISONER they are passing calls out to them:
12) 13) dialog: (to Marcus)
12) 23) dialog: For the glory of the empire, sire.
13) 0) text: Maximus and Marcus are now walking along a road through the dense forest.  Slaves follow behind them, leading their horses. Both sides of the road are filled with the men of the Felix Regiment.  As Maximus and Marcus pass, the battered and bloody soldiers drag themselves to their feet, raisin their swords, paying silent homage.
13) 1) dialog: They honor you, Caesar.
13) 9) dialog: Highness. They walk, Maximus still supporting Marcus, as:
13) 16) text: Lucilla would eat every corpse here if it brought her one step closer to the throne. Maximus laughs.
13) 17) dialog: (smiles)
13) 20) text: I think... I should ride now. Maximus waves for Marcus' horse.  It is brought up. Several soldiers carefully help the old man into the saddle.  He is then tethered to the brace on his saddle. It is a slow, graceful and embarrassing ordeal for the Emperor of Rome. When at last he is strapped in, he looks to Maximus.
13) 25) dialog: (terse)
15) 0) text: Maximus enters a large tent and is met by a spectacle of the dead and dying.  Roman surgeons are working feverishl to save lives.  Limbs are amputated, the bloody stumps quickly cauterized with hot irons.  Leeches and bronze cups are employed for blood-letting to balance "humours." Anesthesia as we know it is nonexistent.  Wine amphoras are passed around and orderlies fan narcotic smoke toward the patients.  Mostly, though, they just hold down the writhing patients. Maximus moves through the tent, offering a word of comfor here and there.  All the wounded are delighted to see him He goes to an older soldier, GALLUS, who has one wooden hand.  His other hand is bandaged.
15) 1) dialog: What, Gallus, losing your other hand?
15) 3) dialog: And the women of your village will crave your touch even more.
15) 5) dialog: What's your name, son?
15) 7) dialog: The name suits you.
15) 9) dialog: You're dying because you love Rome, as I do.
15) 11) dialog: Neither have I.  Rome for us lives here... (he touches his heart)
15) 14) dialog: Yes, it's a glorious place.
16) 9) dialog: (to Titus)
16) 12) dialog: I'll return after a season at home. Maybe two.
16) 15) dialog: Should the Gods so bless me.  I would be thankful. Commodus perambulates up to them.
16) 21) dialog: Yes.
16) 24) dialog: (cold)
16) 31) dialog: No.
16) 36) dialog: I'm a soldier, not a politician. Meanwhile, a dark eye is studying the men through a hidde slit in the tent wall.  The eye is particularly drawn to Maximus.
16) 46) text: Enough... Maximus, I would like to inspect the Felix Regiment at dawn. Please arrange it.
16) 47) dialog: I can't do that.
16) 49) dialog: My men have been fighting for five solid days.  They're too busy dying to go on dress parade. A beat.  Commodus' eyes flash fire at this public rebuke. He very quickly gets control.
18) 0) text: Maximus is slogging through the mud and snow that blanket the Rome camp.  He stops to observe an unusual sight. Commodus is stripped almost naked, his chiseled body covered in a fine sheen of sweat.  He and his six CENTURION BODY GUARDS are going through their daily ritual.  They defy the sub-zero temperatures and hack at small trees with swords. It is an eerie, zen-like workout.  Commodus' intense concentration is unnerving. Maximus watches for a moment then moves on.  He approache a large network of tents.  He enters.
19) 0) text: Maximus enters Marcus' darkened tent.  Flickering brazier provide the only light in the enormous Imperial tent. Heavy beams support the canopy and they creak like the timbers of a ship as the tent sways slightly in the wind. Marcus stands before a map of the Roman Empire.
19) 1) dialog: (bows)
19) 4) dialog: I never acquired the art, sir.
19) 7) dialog: Caesar, I am honored but --
19) 10) dialog: Sire, you brought the light of the Gods to barbarian darkness.  You brought civilization and justice to the farthest --
19) 12) text: I have brought the sword -- nothing more!  Rome is far away and we shouldn't be here.  What matter is it to the Gods if we subdue one more tribe of Parthians or Gauls?  What matter is it to Rome if a thousand more barbarians bend to our lash? A beat. Marcus sits.  He doesn't look at Maximus. A pause.
19) 16) dialog: Yes, Caesar.
19) 18) dialog: You're not dying.
19) 21) dialog: Caesar, you do me honor -- but your son has pride of place for succession.
19) 25) dialog: I shall, Caesar. A beat.
19) 27) dialog: You have always been my father. He goes.
20) 0) text: Maximus emerges from Marcus' tent into a long tent corridor, deep in thought.
20) 3) dialog: (turning away)
20) 8) dialog: I lost too many men.
20) 10) dialog: I don't know.
20) 12) dialog: I never acquired your comfort with it.
20) 15) dialog: No.  I'm sorry.  I'm tired from the battle.
20) 18) dialog: I will always serve the ideals of Rome. A beat.
20) 20) dialog: Yes.
20) 22) dialog: Yes.
20) 24) dialog: May I be permitted to go, Highness? She smiles sadly.
20) 26) dialog: And there was a time when you were just a little girl drowning in the sea.  All that was a different life.
20) 29) dialog: It was more honest. A moment between them.  We sense there is much to be said much that could be said. Finally:
20) 30) dialog: I thank you for your prayers. He goes.  She watches him walk away.
21) 0) text: Maximus kneels before a small altar in his tent.  He face six small figures that represent his dead ancestors.
21) 1) dialog: Ancestors, true bloodline, I ask you for your guidance.  Bring me your solace and your wisdom.  Blessed Mother, come to me in my dreams with the Gods' desire for my future. Blessed Father, watch over my wife and my son with a ready sword.  Keep them safe until my return.  Whisper to them in their sleep that I live only to hold them again and all else is dust and air.  Ancestors, true bloodline, I honor you and will try to live with the dignity you have taught me. He looks at his "ancestors" for a moment and then blows out the candles around them.
22) 2) text: I search the faces of the Gods for ways to please you... to make you proud... and I can never do it.  One kind word -- one full hug where you pressed me to your chest and held me tight -- would have been like the sun on my heart for a thousand years... What is it in me you hate so much?  My eyes are your eyes.  My hands are your hands.  All I have ever wanted was to live up to you. Caesar.  Father. He stands.  We see that he is holding the scroll denoting Marcus' intention to nominate Maximus as Emperor to the Senate.  Commodus cannot control his tears.
23) 0) text: Quintus is waking Maximus --
23) 2) dialog: Quintus -- ?
24) 0) text: Dead of night.  Maximus and Quintus stride quickly throug the sleeping camp toward Marcus' tent.
24) 1) dialog: What is it?  Is he ill?
25) 0) text: Maximus and Quintus stride into the tent -- Maximus slams to a halt.  Stunned. Commodus stands before him.  Lucilla stands in a corner o the tent, head down. And Marcus Aurelius dead, lying on his bed. Maximus stares at Marcus.
25) 3) dialog: How did he die? Commodus does not respond.
25) 4) dialog: How did he die?
25) 7) dialog: How will the world speak your name now, old man? Without a glance to Commodus, he stalks out. A silent beat.  Then Commodus nods to Quintus.  Quintus goes. Lucilla looks at Commodus for a long moment, her face an enigmatic tornado of complex emotions. Then:
26) 0) text: Maximus is kneeling before his ancestors, head down, his fists clenched, praying. Quintus and four Praetorian ASSASSINS suddenly burst in - the assassins move immediately to bind Maximus -- swords at his throat --
26) 1) dialog: What -- ?!
26) 3) text: Please don't fight, Maximus --
26) 4) dialog: Quintus -- Quintus goes to Maximus' armor, which hangs nearby, and slowly removes his seal of office.
27) 1) dialog: Quintus, what -- ?
27) 3) text: I have no choice -- They are almost run over by a stern cohort of twenty Praetorians who gallop past.  Maximus knows immediately what this means.
27) 4) dialog: (suddenly)
27) 6) dialog: What about my family, Quintus?
27) 8) text: They will greet you in the afterlife. Maximus lunges at him -- the Praetorians subdue him -- slamming him with a sword hilt -- knocking him unconscious.
28) 0) text: The four Praetorian assassins lead Maximus along a road. He sits slumped in his saddle, drained.
29) 0) text: Maximus eyes the two assassins as they troop down the hill away from the road, he notes their sparkling armor. The armor of men who have never seen real battle.
29) 1) dialog: Have you ever done this before?
29) 3) dialog: Killed a man with a sword?
29) 5) dialog: It can be very messy -- you could get blood all over your armor.  You don't want to hack me up now.  You want one clean stroke.
29) 7) dialog: One good stroke -- you do know where, don't you?
29) 9) dialog: If you miss the spot there'll be blood everywhere.  Quite a spray.
29) 11) dialog: Here -- you don't want to hit the vein on the neck -- Maximus points his bound hands at a spot on the back of his neck.
29) 12) dialog: Put the point of your sword here... you want one, good blow right at this spot -- Assassin #3 dutifully puts the point of his sword on the spot on Maximus' neck. A grave mistake. Maximus instantly grabs the blade of the sword with his hands and yanks it from Assassin #3 -- EXPLODING up -- hi hands are bleeding but he tosses the sword into the air and catches it -- swings the sword with brutal efficiency -- decapitating both assassins --
31) 0) text: Assassin #2 canters down the hillside. He senses movement behind him -- spins around, drawing hi sword -- too late -- Maximus throws a sword -- it flashes through the air -- and into Assassin #2.
32) 0) text: Assassin #1 waits on his horse.  He hears the commotion below -- spins his horse around just as Maximus bursts to the road.  He stands with a sword. Assassin #1 spurs his horse and gallops toward Maximus at full speed -- Maximus crouches and prepares -- Assassin #1 and Maximus swirl together for an instant -- both slashing brutally -- Assassin #1 continues to gallop past Maximus.  He stops. He looks down.  A wound in his stomach.  He falls off his horse.  Dead. Maximus has also been wounded -- a deep gash on his side. He fights the pain as he moves toward the horses...
33) 0) text: Maximus is galloping through the forest at lightning speed, leading four horses behind him.  The gash in his side bleeding.
34) 0) text: A gloomy day.  Emperor Commodus stands before the assembled Felix Regiment. The soldiers are already uneasy.  They note Quintus standing by Commodus, wearing Maximus' seal of office. Where is Maximus?
35) 0) text: Lucilla stands in Maximus' tent.  She looks around.  She gently touches his Lorica Segmentata.  Her fingertips mov along the contours of his armor.  She tries to retain her neutral demeanor. She notes his "ancestors" on the small alter.
36) 0) text: Maximus continues to gallop, he is on a different horse. He leads only two horses now.
37) 0) text: Maximus' home in Spain is beautiful beyond measure. We see verdant farmlands and vineyards and a spacious house nestled amid gently rolling hills. Maximus' eight-year-old SON is in a paddock playing with his pony.  He stops, sees something.  Over a hill, he can just glimpse a battle flag, approaching. He screams with joy and runs toward the flag as he calls:
38) 0) text: Maximus is galloping up a hill, leading only one horse now.  The horse he is on is exhausted, spent, foam coats its neck.  It can't make it. The horse collapses and Maximus falls.  He immediately leaps onto the remaining horse and continues riding up th hill.
39) 0) text: Maximus is racing over the countryside, galloping in a frenzy.  His wound is bleeding profusely, coating the sid of his horse. He rears the horse to a stop for a moment.  Over a hill h can see thick black smoke rising.  He spurs the horse and gallops over the hill...
40) 0) text: And his worst nightmares are realized. His home and his vineyards have been destroyed.  The eart has been scorched and his house is still smoldering.  He rides up to the house and practically falls off the horse He pulls himself up and walks past the smoldering debris of his house, fearing what he knows he will find. He sees the bodies of servants scattered about in the ruins.  He sees a Praetorian battle flag. He continues on, his wound bleeding more with every tortured step.  He finally stops.  He stares up. His wife and his son have been crucified and burnt.  They are nothing more than grotesquely twisted, charred shapes Maximus instantly collapses to his knees -- he howls out his torment in a heartrending keen of despair as he coats his face in the ashes of his dead world.  He sinks into unconsciousness, praying for death.
41) 0) text: An unusual jingling sound is heard.  Maximus appears to b dead, his gaping wound beginning to fester. The source of the jingling becomes clear when we see the feet of Bedouin brigands, with delicate anklets, shufflin around him.  A hand touches his sandals.  Rich sandals. Another touches his tunic.  Good cloth. Suddenly Maximus groans.  The hands stop.  He's alive.  A bit of quick language in an unknown tongue. Then the hands grab Maximus and drag him away.
42) 0) text: Maximus' eyes slowly open -- Inches away from his face -- a lion roars -- Maximus lurches back. He looks around to realize he is in a filthy slave wagon. Three other wagons slowly move over the desert landscape. Exotic animals are caged in pens or led alongside the wagons:  lions, panthers, zebras, a giraffe.  A dozen slaves are chained together alongside sacks of spices and other cargo.  Bedouin slave traders jabber in a surreal babel of foreign tongues. And someone is looking at him.  JUBA, a striking African, is gazing at him impassively as he chews something.  Juba is also chained.
42) 1) dialog: (weakly)
42) 6) text: For your wound. Maximus looks down -- the bloody wound at his side. Juba carefully places his poultice over the wound -- Maximus hisses in pain -- Juba massages the poultice into the wound gently as:
43) 0) text: The heat of Morocco is unlike anything Maximus has ever known.  Shimmering heat waves undulate over the sand. The provincial market is bustling like the proverbial anthill.  Slave traders and dealers and merchants move around, all talking very quickly and very emphatically. Maximus, Juba and a number of other slaves are on display poked and prodded and fondled.  Their BEDOUIN SLAVE TRADE sings out their praises to any passers. The crowd parts almost magically for the dramatic arrival of PROXIMO.  Proximo is a large man of immense appetites. He has the ferocious appearance of a true pirate.  Two slaves follow behind him and impotently swat at flies wit switches.
43) 9) text: What about this one?  Look at the arms! Proximo moves to Maximus.  The Slave Trader forces open Maximus' mouth.
43) 20) text: I tell you this one is prime.  He's a Spaniard and killed fourteen of my men before he could be subdued! Proximo looks at Maximus, notes the many battle scars again.  The scars, and something he senses in Maximus' eyes, is enough for Proximo to consider it.
43) 22) text: All right, let's see. The Slave Trader and his colleagues grab Maximus and bustle him across the market, unlocking his chains. Maximus has no idea what's going on. In the center of the market place, a veritable GIANT of a man sits on a small stool, a wooden sword in his hand.  H is hunched over and chained to the ground by a ten foot chain shackled to his ankle.  A think metal helmet is riveted around his entire head, only long turfs of hair emerging.  His dim eyes stare listlessly through a slot i the helmet. The Slave Trader puts a wooden sword in Maximus' hand and shoves him toward the Giant.  The Giant stands.  He tower over Maximus. The Giant suddenly swings his sword -- he moves with remarkable quickness -- Maximus makes no attempt to block the blow -- it sends him flying to the ground. Maximus pulls himself up. The Giant moves in and hits him again -- Maximus recoils -- the Giant hits him again -- Maximus falls. Maximus pulls himself up. The Giant moves in again -- he slams him a few more times -- Maximus makes no attempt to protect himself -- he falls. Maximus pulls himself up. The Giant is about to attack again --
44) 0) text: Maximus and Juba are crammed into a wagon with about ten other slaves, including a very scared and reedy SCRIBE. Other wagons are filled with exotic animals, including several lions. The wagons move through a crowded casbah and are taken through an imposing set of gates to...
45) 0) text: An open compound in Proximo's school.  On one side of the compound is a series of cages filled with wild animals of every description -- including Proximo's two hapless giraffes. Proximo's house slaves begin unloading the newly purchase exotic animals into cages as Maximus and the new slaves are unloaded.  Heavily armed guards supervise everything. But Proximo's slaves are having a bit of a problem with one of the new lions -- it growls and resists them. Without the slightest hesitation, Proximo thunders to the lion and grabs it by the mane -- manhandling it into a cage.
46) 0) text: Maximus and Juba share a small, filthy cell.  The cell door faces the open compound.  Across the compound they can see the much more comfortable cells of the "star" gladiators such as Vibius. They both sit on the floor, leaning against the wall. Juba is eating a bowl of food with a wooden spoon. Maximus' bowl and spoon are at his side, he has not touched them.
47) 0) text: Maximus and Juba are being observed.  Proximo stands in the shadows of the compound and watches intently.
48) 0) text: Blood appears to be flowing across an oxen's back.  But the blood is too rich, too red. The oxen are pulling an open slave wagon through the crowded streets of the town.  Hanging above the street is dyed wool drying in the sun.  Vermilion and crimson dyes drip down and splash across the oxen -- and splash across the gladiators. Maximus, Juba, the formidable Vibius are chained in the back of the wagon.  Also the frightened Scribe. Proximo and a few of his guards drive the wagon.  Proximo has an umbrella over him, colored with years of dripping dyes. They pass a banner honoring Vibius, the star of Proximo's stable. Meanwhile, the terrified Scribe is almost weeping, chattering nervously to Vibius, chained next to him:
49) 0) text: In the cramped holding area of the arena, a dugout beneat the stands, Maximus and the other gladiators are waiting. Proximo walks before them, giving a final "pep talk."  He gazes at them evenly, his eyes going from face to face.
49) 4) text: ... give the Spaniard to him.  Give the Scribe to Vibius. Proximo nods to Vibius, who, for reasons we shall soon see, makes no protest to being chained to the whimpering Scribe. Proximo watches the blacksmith shackle Maximus and Juba together and then strides off.
50) 11) text: Give me odds, friend. In the arena: From the opposite end of the arena a dozen armored, very scary Andabatae thunder into the arena.  Some of the crow cheers. The Andabatae immediately race for the chained teams and the battle is on. Vibius spins into action -- dragging the weeping Scribe after him as he circles opponents and fights -- the Scrib is almost instantly killed -- Vibius immediately hacks through the Scribe's wrist and frees himself, as Proximo surely intended.  Vibius is now free to fight alone, swinging the chain as an additional weapon. Juba's eyes dart everywhere as he tries to move with Maximus -- Maximus neither helps nor hinders -- allowing Juba to pull him along -- Proximo, now that his star Vibius is safe, watched Maximu and Juba closely. Juba fights well, with a strange elegance, his body flowing like liquid -- but he is inexperienced.  He strikes a few blows and then tries to move away -- finall he is in trouble -- cornered -- a huge Andabata is slicin at him -- it is a desperate battle -- Juba is losing -- his sword is slammed away -- the Andabata raises his swor for the kill -- And Maximus strikes. With a sudden roar he EXPLODES into action -- he swings past Juba and blocks the blow meant for Juba -- then he slashes the Andabata -- killing him -- he pulls Juba afte him as he fights -- It is a dazzling display of Maximus' skill -- he moves through the Andabatae at amazing speed -- spinning around Juba and protecting him -- slashing ruthlessly -- pulling Juba after him and commanding the battle -- Juba recovers a sword and they fight together. In the box: Proximo watches, smiles.  A gladiator is born.
53) 0) text: Maximus is marching relentlessly through the dugout and cramped, serpentine trench-like tunnels that lead to the arena. We don't really see Maximus well in the dark tunnels. Proximo scurries to keep up with him -- they brush past gladiators who line the walls.  Some are wounded, some ar being attended to by surgeons, some are shell-shocked, some are nervously waiting to go on, whispering prayers. We twist and turn in the tunnels with Proximo and Maximus as:
54) 0) text: We continue with Maximus as he strides into the roaring arena. We finally see him in the blazing sunlight -- he wears traditional gladiator armor and now has longer hair and a beard -- A battle is already in progress, fighting and dead and dying gladiators crowd the arena -- We stay with Maximus as he wades through his opponents, fighting them heroically, slashing through them without stopping -- The large crowd cheers mightily -- chants of "Spaniard! Spaniard!  Spaniard!" We stay with Maximus as he cuts through the four Celts like a scythe through wheat and then we dramatically pull up and away -- Taking in the roaring arena and the hero.
55) 0) text: A large mess area has been set up.  The tables around the compound are crowded with gladiators.  Guards everywhere. Maximus and Juba enter.  Move to get food.  All conversation gradually drains away as the other gladiator watch them.  Silence. Maximus and Juba note the strange silence as they move to a large table. Vibius is at the table with a number of other gladiators. There are no places for Maximus and Juba. Vibius stands and kicks two other gladiators off their bench.
56) 0) text: Proximo sits on a terrace overlooking his compound, sipping wine.  Various gladiators can be seen working out below. A guard brings Maximus.  Proximo nods for the guard to leave.
56) 2) text: Butterfly? The plate is filled with honeyed butterflies, their wings still moving slightly. Maximus shakes his head.  Proximo pops one into his mouth He chews as he looks at Maximus.
56) 8) dialog: Gladiator. A beat.
56) 10) dialog: Nothing more. A beat. Proximo watches Maximus very closely for the following:
56) 15) dialog: (barely controlled)
56) 18) dialog: Have you -- how does one meet the Emperor?
56) 20) dialog: Yes.
56) 23) dialog: He give it personally?
56) 26) dialog: You knew Marcus?
57) 0) text: Maximus is crouched in the back of an enclosed slave wago with Vibius, Juba and a few other gladiators. In the distance, Rome.
61) 0) text: Maximus cranes for a sight of the Eternal City through a hole in the wooden slats that cover the slave cart. He can see only glimpses of Rome as they pass.  But the images are not what he expected.  Alongside the undeniabl glory of the city, the madness and disease Marcus Aureliu spoke of are readily apparent. Maximus sees flashes of plague victims being tossed on carts heaped with bodies -- he sees getting and spending and commerce everywhere -- he sees fascist Praetorian Guard units trooping past -- he sees the magnificent architecture of the city -- he sees starving children begging from filthy gutters -- he sees rich citizens out for a stroll -- he sees a swirling combination of sophistication and depravity, of civilization and corruption. He sits back in the cart, deep in thought.  Vibius looks at him.
61) 2) dialog: No.
63) 0) text: Inside the gates is a large courtyard, much like Proximo' Moroccan school but much more impressive.  A fountain wit an enormous statue of the war god Mars is central in the courtyard. The gladiators climb from the wagon, stretching after the long journey.  Vibius leads Maximus and Juba to the statue.  He wades through the fountain and kisses the toe of Mars.
63) 3) text: Oh go on, it won't kill you. Maximus kisses the toe as well.
64) 0) text: Later.  Maximus and Juba again share a cell.  It is more comfortable than their cell in Morocco, befitting Maximus new status as one of the "stars."  A high, barred window on one wall opens to the city.  Another barred window is directly over them, twenty feet above. Maximus pulls himself up to the side window, he looks out And sees at last... The Colosseum. It is a breathtaking sight.  Monolithic Albert Speer-like columns of light shine up from the Colosseum.  It seems t illuminate the whole city and the heavens above. Maximus drops back to the floor.
64) 2) dialog: Bigger arena.  Same killing. A beat.
64) 4) dialog: No. A beat.
64) 8) dialog: This isn't my home.
64) 12) dialog: Perhaps one day you'll return. Juba looks at him.
65) 0) text: A flurry of images from around the Colosseum, the energy mounting.  At this point we see practically nothing of th inside of the Colosseum: Slaves are balancing high above the empty arena.  They ar on ropes unrolling huge rolls of muslin; sun tarps that provide shade below... Merchants open stalls in the curved arcade around outside of the Colosseum.  They sell everything from food to magi elixirs, from toys to aphrodisiacs.  They immediately start declaiming and demonstrating the virtues of their products... Gangs of whores of both sexes trawl the streets.  They have bizarrely-colored hair and elaborate makeup... Citizens begin arriving, pushing past the vendors and the pickpockets.  We see whole families with picnic lunches.. Ferocious animals are brought into the Colosseum in barre cages... In the busy arcade, barbers and blood-letters practice their craft alongside exotic alchemists, fire eaters and contortionists... Richer citizens arrive in sedan chairs and chariots, they feign indifference to the hooting mob... Mounted City Guard police units try to retain some order... Gamblers crowd betting booths and haggle mercilessly... Finally, we see Maximus and the other gladiators in a slave cart.  Maximus watches everything as the slave cart disappears into the Colosseum...
66) 0) text: The interior of the Colosseum is a busy world unto itself Maximus and the others are lead by Proximo's guards down long ramp and past countless animal cages.  Gamblers circulate everywhere and observe the warriors, angling fo the best odds and the best matches. Maximus and the others are led even deeper into the bowel of the Colosseum to a new whole subterranean realm. Numerous cells line the walls.  Racks and racks of weaponry and armor. And, most striking, everywhere around them is the heavy machinery of the spectacles above.  Huge "elevator" platforms and ramps and pulleys and counterweights are manned by teams of sweating slaves.
67) 0) text: Finally, Proximo's guards lead the gladiators to their holding cells.  These cells are right at the edge of the arena.  Barred windows offer a sand-level view of the action. Maximus immediately goes to a window and looks out. He cannot see much of the entire arena, but what he does see transfixes him. A band of Christians are huddled together.  An eerie silence from the Colosseum but for the prayers of the Christians. Maximus watches them.  One little girl peels past her mother's arm.  She sees Maximus.  She smiles. Suddenly a dozen ferocious lions race up a ramp by Maximu -- they roar into the arena -- We do not see the carnage.  We watch Maximus' face as we hear the sounds of the slaughter. And the sound of the roaring crowd. Maximus finally cannot watch.  He drops his head.
69) 0) text: Maximus, Juba, Vibius and another of Proximo's gladiators are being armed.  They all wear mask-like helmets. Proximo hurries to them.
69) 3) dialog: Yes, but --
69) 5) dialog: What -- ? Trumpets begin sounding from the arena.
70) 0) text: At last we see it. The mighty Colosseum Arena. Nothing we could have possibly imagined could have prepared us for the sight of the thousands and thousands of screaming spectators, the row after row of cheering faces. It is staggering. But for Maximus none of this exists.  His full attention is focused on one spot alone.  The Imperial Box. He can see Commodus and Lucilla sitting in the box.  The box is elevated fifteen feet above the arena floor at the top of a sheer black marble wall.  A cohort of fifty imposing Praetorian Guard Archers surround the box. Commodus' personal Body Guard of six Centurions actually stand in the box itself, eyes constantly watching like modern Secret Service agents. Commodus is untouchable. Meanwhile, three teams move from different entrances to the arena. As Cassius orates to the crowd:
70) 11) dialog: 
70) 16) dialog: 
72) 0) text: Maximus silently awaits Commodus' assassins with Juba. They hear footsteps outside the cell.  Maximus stands, preparing for death.
72) 3) dialog: This isn't your battle.
72) 6) text: General, perform well and there will be riches for you. He beckons to Juba, they go, shutting the door behind them.  The woman pulls off her cloak, it is Lucilla. Maximus glares at her, his muscles tensing.
72) 8) dialog: I knew your brother would send assassins.  I didn't think he would send his best.
72) 10) dialog: My family were crucified and burnt while they were still alive.
72) 12) dialog: (low)
72) 15) dialog: Don't. A long, tense moment. She does not look at him.
72) 18) dialog: My son was innocent.
72) 20) dialog: I want your brother dead.
72) 23) dialog: How do you plan it?
72) 25) dialog: So the crown passes to your son.
72) 28) dialog: What is your son's name?
72) 30) dialog: I weep for him. A long beat.  Maximus' cold eyes give away nothing. Lucilla turns and starts to go.  She stops, not looking back.
74) 0) text: Proximo stands with Maximus, who is busy strapping on armor.
74) 2) dialog: What can you tell me?
75) 4) dialog: We who are about to die salute you. The crowd cheers and Maximus immediately turns and starts slashing -- Tiger easily blocks and strikes back -- The sword play is very fast -- they block and parry and hack like lightning -- constantly attacking -- they are perfectly matched -- As he fights Maximus becomes aware of a strange sound ove the roar of the crowd -- a low rumbling -- then he feels something -- a vibration in the ground -- Suddenly traps doors swing open and four enormous platforms rise into view.  On each platform is a snarling Bengal tiger restrained by a chain.  Tiger's teams of "cornermen" hold the chains through a pulley system.  The cornermen are safely inside cages.  The platforms stop at ground level. The four ferocious tigers now mark the four corners of th battleground. Tiger takes advantage of Maximus' momentary confusion and assaults brutally -- forcing him back toward one of the tigers -- the tiger claws for Maximus -- Maximus just evades it claws -- rolls for a new position -- another tiger snaps at him -- Tiger attacks -- Maximus is on the defensive -- fighting off Tiger and evading the four snarling beasts -- And then all four tigers are suddenly closer.  The teams of cornermen are letting the chains play out, bit by bit, gradually reducing the size of the battle ground.  The crowd roars. But the fight is hardly fair. Whenever Tiger is near one of the tigers the cornermen pull back the tiger slightly -- when Maximus is near a tiger they let it out a bit. Maximus and Tiger fight -- swirling action -- finally, Maximus has the edge -- he circles so that the sun stabs into Tiger's eyes -- then Maximus lunges forward under Tiger's swinging sword and SLAMS into him -- they fall -- a tiger swats at Maximus' face -- he jerks his head back -- he shoots out a leg and kicks Tiger's sword toward one of the tigers -- it is out of reach -- Maximus leaps up and stands over the winded Tiger, sword to his throat. Tiger is gasping for breath, crushed. Then one of Tiger's corners suddenly cheats -- they completely release a tiger -- it leaps for Maximus -- Maximus barely has time to turn -- the tiger crashes into him -- its claws slashing into his back, cutting through his leather armor -- Maximus shoves an armored forearm into the tiger's jaws and stabs with his sword -- Tiger takes this chance to pull himself up -- one of his corners throws him another sword -- the crowd boos -- Maximus wrestles with the tiger -- spinning it around wit superhuman effort so it is always between himself and Tiger -- so that Tiger can't get at him -- Maximus finally kills the tiger and leaps for Tiger -- he quickly disarms him and tosses him to the ground -- Maximus stands over him -- ready to administer the coup d grace. All eyes turn to the Emperor. Commodus slowly stands and steps to the edge of the Imperial Box.  He raises his arm and gives the fatal thumbs down. Maximus looks up at him. And then defiantly tosses the sword to the ground, refusing to kill Tiger. Commodus is stunned. The crowd gasps -- a collective intake of breath -- and then an enormous roar building.  It cascades around the Colosseum.  It is a roaring celebration of the unexpected act of mercy.  And the delicious act of defiance of the Emperor. Commodus slowly sits. Maximus walks across the arena -- the people stand and cheer for him.  Cries of "Maximus the Merciful" can be heard. It is the birth of a hero.
76) 0) text: Maximus is resting in his cell after the battle, head down, deep in thought.
76) 2) dialog: I was a General.
76) 4) dialog: It doesn't take courage to kill.
76) 6) dialog: I'm sorry.
76) 8) dialog: I had a father.  He wasn't really my father but I cared for him very much.
76) 11) dialog: Where is my army? A drum beat is heard.  It increases throughout the following scenes, building momentum like a Roman gallery accelerating to ramming speed. The conspiracy scenes are enclosed in a montage of scenes in and around the arena showing Maximus' growing popularity with the People of Rome...
77) 0) text: Maximus is fighting an opponent. The drums continue...
79) 0) text: Maximus defeats his opponent.  He stands over him.  He does not kill him. He tosses his sword down and walks away.  The crowd goes crazy, roaring their approval of Maximus. Senator Falco, sits in the stands and watches with some alarm.  He glances around as the crowd exalts Maximus.  H is becoming a hero to the people. The drums continue...
80) 0) text: Maximus returns to the holding cells.  Vibius and Juba ar waiting.
80) 2) dialog: I will not kill another warrior. There is no honor to it. Maximus goes.  Vibius thinks about it, listening to the adulation of the crowd. The drums continue...
81) 0) text: Maximus and the other gladiators are in a slave cart on the way from the arena.  A gang of children run alongside the cart, cheering and chanting:
82) 0) text: Maximus and Juba are with Lucilla and Gracchus.  Lucilla is writing on a piece of parchment.
82) 1) dialog: Tell him we will enter Rome on the first day of Commodus' festival.
82) 3) dialog: Yes.  But this letter must go to the lieutenant named Titus, no one else.
82) 5) dialog: (looks to her)
82) 9) dialog: I want Commodus dead.
82) 11) dialog: Because one night an old man whispered to me about a dream.  I will die for that dream. A long beat.
82) 13) dialog: He did.
83) 0) text: Vibius defeats an opponent -- he stands over him.  He looks around at the crowd.  Then he tosses down his sword and walks off. The crowd goes mad with pleasure.  Vibius eats it up, raising his arms and soaking up the applause. Maximus watches from the holding cells.  He smiles. The drums continue...
84) 0) text: Proximo supervises as a huge banner is unfurled.  It covers the side of a tall building. It shows a dramatic painting of Maximus. Proximo supervises happily as torches and braziers are li to illuminate the mammoth banner. The drums continue...
85) 0) text: The ending of a group fight -- Proximo's gladiators triumphant. The crowd waits for the delicious act of defiance.  We note many placard and banners honoring "MAXIMUS THE
89) 0) text: Maximus is fighting a thick GIANT of a man.  A few quick blows and the Giant falls -- like a mighty tree he crashe to the sand. The arena cheers their hero. Maximus stands over the beaten Giant.  The crowd waits fo the famous act. Maximus salutes the Giant and tosses down his sword, refusing to kill.  He walks away. The arena explodes in cheers -- a chant of "Maximus the Merciful" grows to deafening proportions. Suddenly the arena is filled with Praetorians -- they block Maximus' exit from the arena -- the crowd boos -- horrified -- The Praetorians surround Maximus.  He is unarmed, but coils for the inevitable battle. Then the Praetorians part... And Commodus walks through them.  He carries something wrapped in a rich cloth.  Maximus glares at him. The Praetorians move back and the crowd watches eagerly. The Emperor and the Gladiator, at last. Maximus and Commodus stare at each other.  The crowd cannot hear what is said, but strain to observe this incredible confrontation.
89) 3) dialog: As will I, Commodus.  As will I. Commodus unwraps the cloth bundle.  Inside is a small wooden sword.  He holds it up so the crowd can see. A collective gasp.  The wooden sword, prized by all gladiators above all else.  Freedom.
89) 6) dialog: I only have ancestors because of you, brother.  You killed everything that ever lived alongside me. A beat.
89) 8) dialog: This is the new home you cursed me to.  And I am safer here from your treachery than I could ever be outside.
89) 10) dialog: Why don't you ask your father that? Commodus visibly flinches at that, but still holds the wooden sword out.  The crowd is breathless.
89) 11) dialog: I have more power as a slave in the arena than I could ever have as a free man.  As the Colosseum goes, the people go.  As the people go, the Empire goes.
89) 14) dialog: No, Caesar... I will show you. With that, Maximus does the unimaginable.  He simply turn his back on the Emperor and walks away. And the crowd goes mad.  They cheer the defiant gladiator their champion. And, equally, they deride the Emperor.  They mock him by holding out food and trash like Commodus is holding out the wooden sword.  They laugh and jeer. Commodus glances around at his children, lost. Then he turns to the Imperial Box.  He sees Lucilla slipping out the back of the box.  He watches her go. And the crowd continues to jeer.
90) 0) text: The crowd laughs riotously as Roman Actors perform a typically ribald comedy in a secluded street: An outrageously dressed version of Maximus is parading around on an outrageously dressed version of Commodus, riding him like a donkey and slapping his rear with a wooden sword.  The "Commodus" actor mews and brays and wails like an infant. Captain Marcellus of the City Guard gallops past them, on his way out of Rome.
91) 0) text: Maximus stands with Juba and Vibius.  He draws a circle i the sand with a stick.  He draws a line to the circle.
91) 1) dialog: The Felix Regiment will come from here.  We'll face the body of the Praetorians outside -- here.  Once inside, my archers will take up position to counter opposition inside the Colosseum.  I'll enter and join you -- we'll attack here -- Maximus draws a line to the Imperial Box.
91) 2) dialog: -- a covert assault from within.
91) 4) dialog: Probably. A beat.
91) 5) dialog: But if we aren't... think of the glory.  Do you remember glory, Gladiator?
91) 8) dialog: Then be worthy of him.  The old Titan who would rather die bravely in a just battle than slink off to grow old and fat.
93) 0) text: Proximo sits, considering Maximus.
93) 1) dialog: Was it Centurion...?  General...?
93) 4) dialog: A soldier knows a soldier. A beat.
93) 6) dialog: No --
93) 10) dialog: You said something to me once.  You said in this life, we all die.  All we can choose is how we die.  And how we are remembered.  Do you recall those words?
93) 12) dialog: Then be remembered proudly.  This is your time, Proximo.  Stand at my side and be what you were.  What you truly are.  One last time. A beat. Proximo suddenly begins to weep rather histrionically -- Maximus is a bit taken aback -- Proximo dramatically flicks tears from his eyes -- and then can't keep the sho up -- he bursts into laughter. Maximus stares at him.
93) 15) dialog: You pox-ridden bastard -- !   
93) 18) dialog: (standing)
93) 21) dialog: You know, if you were half so awful as you pretend, you'd be a terrifying man. Maximus shakes his head, smiling, and goes. Proximo sits for a moment. Then he rises and goes to a heavy chest.  He looks at the chest for a moment and then opens it. Inside is his old Lorica Segmentata.  He gazes at his armor, considering what he once was.  And what he now is.
94) 0) text: Maximus enters.  Lucilla is waiting, extremely tense.
94) 1) dialog: Lucilla --
94) 3) dialog: Good.
94) 5) dialog: You've told me this already.
94) 7) dialog: Lucilla... why are you here? A pause.
94) 9) dialog: No.
94) 11) dialog: Yes. She leans against a wall. A pause.
94) 13) dialog: Yes.
94) 15) dialog: Yes.
94) 17) dialog: (deeply)
94) 19) dialog: And if I should not survive... swear to me that you will honor my family in your prayers always.
94) 22) dialog: Shhh... my heart breaks enough. He holds her closely, tenderly.
95) 0) text: Lucilla enters, deep in thought, still drained from her meeting with Maximus. She suddenly stops.  Frozen. Commodus is sitting across the chamber, Lucius at his knee.  An open scroll on Commodus' lap.
98) 4) dialog: But --
98) 7) text: Go, Spaniard!  We'll show these Roman dogs how gladiators fight!    Proximo hauls Maximus and Juba off as Vibius and the othe gladiators arm themselves --
99) 0) text: Proximo is leading Maximus and Juba quickly through a decaying cramped tunnel.
99) 3) dialog: We were betrayed.
99) 5) text: I'll stay here.  In case they follow. Maximus stops as well.
101) 0) text: Proximo and Maximus emerge deep in the bowels of the Colosseum.
101) 3) dialog: You're not coming?
102) 0) text: Grisly carcasses of every description hang from hooks. Two bored butchers hack them up.  The good bits are tosse into a wagon to fed to the Colosseum animals.  The waste and offal are shoveled into a large sewer opening.  A butcher occasionally lifts a sluice-gate and a gush of water flows into the sewer from above, washing down the blood and carcasses. Maximus crouches and creeps through the nightmare of hanging carcasses and flies. When the butchers are looking elsewhere, Maximus creeps t the sewer opening and climbs in -- he immediately slides down for a few yards in the slanting, slippery blood sluice -- out of sight -- Then he thuds to a stop.  He can go no further because th remains of an animal carcass blocks his way.  He tries to slither past the carcass -- Finally, one of the butchers above lifts the sluice-gate and a torrent of water flows down. Maximus is washed down the hideous sewer.
107) 0) text: Maximus splashes to the surface of the filthy Tiber, gasping for air. Animal carcasses float up next to him.  He grabs onto one and floats down the gently flowing river.
108) 0) text: The Wolf of Rome sleeps.  Then its ears rise.  Then its head.  It sniffs the air.  The wolf slowly rises and begins loping through the camp. It passes slumbering soldiers and tents, smoke lazily drifting up from campfires. The wolf finally stops and looks up. Maximus is on a horse.  He climbs down.  The wolf goes to him and licks his hand. Maximus begins marching through the camp, the wolf at his side.  Soldiers stir, amazed to see their General is alive. Gallus leaps up, stunned, and goes to Maximus.  They continue to march through the camp, more and more astonished soldiers joining them. They march toward the large tents at the center of the encampment. Titus emerges from his tent.  Slams to a stop --
108) 2) dialog: Old friend...
108) 4) dialog: Where is he? Just then Quintus emerges from the largest tent.  He stares at Maximus, unbelieving. A long beat as they look at each other. Quintus knows his destiny.  With quiet dignity he begins whispering a prayer.  Maximus moves to him, embracing him
108) 5) dialog: I forgive you. He stabs Quintus with a dagger as he embraces him. Quintus falls. A beat. Titus goes to the dead Quintus and pulls the seal of office from his uniform.  He hands it to Maximus. An enormous roar of celebration from the Felix Regiment.
112) 0) text: A mangy dog is slowly crossing a dusty street on the outskirts of Rome.  The street is deserted.  It seems tha almost everyone is at the Colosseum. The dog stops.  Looks up. Then a sound is heard.  The steady cadence of horses' hooves. The Felix Regiment rounds a corner.  Maximus leads the cavalry.  He wears Lorica Segmentata.  His corps of archers and soldiers follow.  They troop down the dusty street. Maximus and the cavalry canter past the mystified dog.
112) 1) text: The Felix Regiment moves through the streets.  The few pedestrians quickly disappear into shops and around corners.  The roar of the Colosseum can be heard far in the distance... Arrows slice into isolated Praetorian sentries.  The Feli Regiment continues its stealth invasion... Finally, Maximus reins his horse and his troops stop. The mounted City Guard are waiting. Without a word, the City Guard joins Maximus and the two combined forces continue their inexorable march to the Colosseum.
114) 0) text: Maximus continues to lead the combined Felix Regiment and City Guard cavalry through the streets.  The roaring is closer now.  They are nearing the Colosseum, they can jus glimpse the edge of the top tier over some building.
116) 0) text: The roar from the Colosseum is now deafening as Maximus and the City Guard round the final corner -- the Colosseu is before them -- the massive Praetorian Guard force is caught of guard -- with crisp military efficiency the Felix Regiment and the City Guard quickly canter into place, an unbroken line of seasoned warriors facing the Praetorians. The huge mob outside the Colosseum is confused, intrigued watching the face-off.  The mounted archers of the Felix Regiment have drawn their bows. Maximus looks down from his horse at a Praetorian Officer
116) 1) dialog: Throw down your weapons or we will kill you. A beat. The Praetorian Officer glances at the formidable force against him.  He drops his sword.  His men follow suit.
116) 2) dialog: (he turns to his men)
117) 10) dialog: Captain? Proximo takes the sword.
117) 11) dialog: (re: Commodus and the others)
118) 0) text: Proximo leads them through a series of catacombs -- damp tunnels shoot off in every direction -- everywhere around them the heavy machinery of the games rise like mammoth creatures to the arena above -- a baroque network of rope and pulleys and counterweights and elevator platforms and air shafts and blood sewers -- And they suddenly run directly into Commodus, dragging Lucius, and his six Centurions coming the other direction. The final battle begins with no preamble -- Maximus launches himself forward -- instantly separating Commodus and Lucius -- he slams at Commodus with his swor -- Commodus slams back -- Proximo and Juba race into the six Centurions -- a wild free-for-all as they prove their worth as warriors -- Jub fights with his usual elegant precision -- Proximo fights as a man reborn, alive again -- Proximo takes cagey advantage of his knowledge of this subterranean world -- spinning around machinery and leaping over blood sewers and swinging heavy counterweights -- Maximus and Commodus hack at each other with all the fier passion in them -- Commodus is a perfect match for Maximu and equally ruthless -- their swords thrust and parry and slice at amazing speed -- one false move, one mistake, means death -- Meanwhile, the battle is turning into a victory for Juba and Proximo -- they are defeating the Centurions -- Commodus sees this -- and sees Lucius crying in a corner -- He screams to one of his remaining Centurions:
118) 3) dialog: For my wife! Maximus strike hard -- Commodus barely blocks the blow --
118) 4) dialog: For my son! He strikes harder -- Commodus is losing --
118) 5) dialog: For my father! He strikes with everything he's got -- slashing Commodus -- Commodus sails back -- his sword falling -- Maximus stands over him.  Glaring.  Commodus is panting, defeated, glaring up at him. A beat.
118) 6) dialog: We who are about to die salute you. Maximus raises his sword high -- Commodus raises an arm - Maximus SMASHES the sword down -- and Commodus is dead. A moment as Maximus stands over Commodus.  Then he looks at the series of counterweight ropes around the elevator platform. He slices through one of the ropes and the platform begin to rise...
119) 0) text: A trap door springs open and the elevator platform rises to the sand of the arena.  Maximus stands above the dead Emperor. The crowd stares in amazement -- and then begins to cheer in joy at the return of their hero.  A chant begins... "Maximus the Merciful... Maximus the Merciful... Maximus the Merciful..." which then grows to a refrain of "Caesar... Caesar... Caesar..." Maximus ignores them, his eyes drawn to one sight: Lucilla. He goes to the steps of the platform leading to the Imperial Box.  He slowly climbs the steps. In the Imperial Box, Senator Gracchus is standing.  So to Juba and others. Lucius is kneeling by his mother, holding her hand, his head down.  Lucilla is dead.  Lucius mourns with quiet dignity. Maximus looks at Lucilla and kneels.  He takes her other hand.  A long moment.  He looks at Lucius. Then he slowly bends forward and kisses Lucilla deeply, the ritual farewell. He stands. Senator Gracchus steps to him:
119) 2) dialog: Rome... you are better than this. Look inside yourselves.  I challenge you to find your true voice.  Help the Senate speak for you.  Make them your champion... And dare to think what could be. A beat.
119) 3) dialog: I give you back the dream. With that he slowly turns and walks down the steps to the arena sand.  The crowd is absolutely silent. He goes to Titus:
119) 4) dialog: When everything has calmed down, lead an orderly withdrawal.  Take them home. Titus salutes. Maximus return the salute and then leaps onto his horse. As he canters toward the exit he turns for one final look at Lucilla. He sees that Lucius is now at the foot of the stairs, on the arena sand, gazing at him. Maximus stops his horse. He canters back to Lucius.  The boy looks up at him.  A moment between them. Lucius thrusts up his hand.  Maximus grabs his hand and swings him onto the horse behind him. A look to Juba.  Juba bows his head with respect. Farewell. Maximus spins the horse around and begins cantering out o the Colosseum. Juba disappears into the crowd. Maximus and Lucius canter across the arena and through th huge doors...
120) 0) text: From high above we see Maximus and Lucius riding out of the Colosseum and disappearing into the streets of Rome.
121) 0) text: Maximus stands with Lucius at his old vineyard. It is still scorched and dead, weeds overgrowing the vineyards, the house ruined. Maximus puts a hand on the boy's shoulder, this boy so like his own son.
121) 1) dialog: It doesn't look it now... but soon we'll have it growing again... Next year there will be vines, and then there will be grapes... It will be alive. We leave them, dreaming of the future.