43) 0) text: The heat of Morocco is unlike anything Maximus has ever known.  Shimmering heat waves undulate over the sand. The provincial market is bustling like the proverbial anthill.  Slave traders and dealers and merchants move around, all talking very quickly and very emphatically. Maximus, Juba and a number of other slaves are on display poked and prodded and fondled.  Their BEDOUIN SLAVE TRADE sings out their praises to any passers. The crowd parts almost magically for the dramatic arrival of PROXIMO.  Proximo is a large man of immense appetites. He has the ferocious appearance of a true pirate.  Two slaves follow behind him and impotently swat at flies wit switches.
43) 2) dialog: Those giraffes you sold me won't mate!  All they do is run around not mating!  YOU SOLD ME EUNUCH
43) 5) dialog: How much for the lot?
43) 7) dialog: For me -- 6,000 sesterces and I want to see their balls first.  And you throw in those two slaves.
43) 9) text: What about this one?  Look at the arms! Proximo moves to Maximus.  The Slave Trader forces open Maximus' mouth.
43) 10) dialog: Good teeth -- Proximo notes the many old battle scars on Maximus' body.
43) 11) dialog: Where did you get those scars?    Maximus doesn't respond.
43) 12) dialog: Are you a soldier? Maximus doesn't respond.
43) 13) dialog: Do you speak? -- (he roars back to a slave)
43) 17) dialog: My ass... (moves to Juba)
43) 20) text: I tell you this one is prime.  He's a Spaniard and killed fourteen of my men before he could be subdued! Proximo looks at Maximus, notes the many battle scars again.  The scars, and something he senses in Maximus' eyes, is enough for Proximo to consider it.
43) 21) dialog: (to trader)
43) 23) dialog: (to Slave Trader)
43) 27) dialog: I'll give you 500 sesterces.
43) 29) dialog: (laughs)
45) 0) text: An open compound in Proximo's school.  On one side of the compound is a series of cages filled with wild animals of every description -- including Proximo's two hapless giraffes. Proximo's house slaves begin unloading the newly purchase exotic animals into cages as Maximus and the new slaves are unloaded.  Heavily armed guards supervise everything. But Proximo's slaves are having a bit of a problem with one of the new lions -- it growls and resists them. Without the slightest hesitation, Proximo thunders to the lion and grabs it by the mane -- manhandling it into a cage.
45) 1) dialog: 
45) 3) dialog: Slaves.  I am Proximo, trainer of gladiators.  You live and die at my pleasure.  Fight well and you will live.  Fight poorly and you will die.  It is better to live. Slaves now toss thick handfuls of powdered lime on the ne slaves -- they cough and clench their eyes shut, the lime coats and stings their wet bodies.
45) 4) dialog: Here you will be trained in the art of combat.  Here you will be given the tools to survive.  Please my patrons in the arena and all the gifts of the world will be showered upon you.  Imagine riches beyond your paltry dreams of riches! Imagine fame beyond your rude understanding of the word!  All this can belong to the select few who prove their worth in the arena. Slaves throw more water on the new slaves -- washing off the lime.
45) 5) dialog: If... on the other hand... you disappoint me... you will be dismembered and fed to my jackals limb by limb. He gazes evenly at his new acquisitions.
45) 6) dialog: And my jackals are always hungry. He strides off and the guards shove the new gladiators toward their cells.
47) 0) text: Maximus and Juba are being observed.  Proximo stands in the shadows of the compound and watches intently.
48) 0) text: Blood appears to be flowing across an oxen's back.  But the blood is too rich, too red. The oxen are pulling an open slave wagon through the crowded streets of the town.  Hanging above the street is dyed wool drying in the sun.  Vermilion and crimson dyes drip down and splash across the oxen -- and splash across the gladiators. Maximus, Juba, the formidable Vibius are chained in the back of the wagon.  Also the frightened Scribe. Proximo and a few of his guards drive the wagon.  Proximo has an umbrella over him, colored with years of dripping dyes. They pass a banner honoring Vibius, the star of Proximo's stable. Meanwhile, the terrified Scribe is almost weeping, chattering nervously to Vibius, chained next to him:
48) 7) text: Proximo!  You insult me with this carrion!  Chain him to someone else!
48) 8) dialog: (calling back)
49) 0) text: In the cramped holding area of the arena, a dugout beneat the stands, Maximus and the other gladiators are waiting. Proximo walks before them, giving a final "pep talk."  He gazes at them evenly, his eyes going from face to face.
49) 1) dialog: Some of you say you can't fight, you won't fight... They all say that... But one day you will pick up a sword and thrust it into another man.  And the crowd will cheer you and love you.  And you will love them for it. On that day... you will be a gladiator. He stops at Maximus.
49) 2) dialog: In this life, we all die.  All we can choose is how we die.  And how we are remembered.  Be remembered proudly. Drums are heard from the arena.  Proximo nods to a waitin blacksmith. The blacksmith begins slamming shackles on the gladiator' wrists -- chaining them together in teams of two by a chain about four feet long. The blacksmith is about to chain Maximus to the Scribe.
49) 3) dialog: No... (he points to Juba)
49) 4) text: ... give the Spaniard to him.  Give the Scribe to Vibius. Proximo nods to Vibius, who, for reasons we shall soon see, makes no protest to being chained to the whimpering Scribe. Proximo watches the blacksmith shackle Maximus and Juba together and then strides off.
50) 0) text: Proximo sits in a box with several other GLADIATOR TRAINERS.  They drink wine and eat constantly.  A perpetual chatter of wagers and odds and side bets. The arena is only sparsely attended this day.
50) 1) dialog: Make it 600 sesterces for each decapitation.
50) 3) dialog: Two.
50) 5) dialog: Done.  400 sesterces for two strokes. In the arena: Proximo's chained teams enter the arena, five teams. Maximus and Juba are chained together.  Some of the small crowd cheers for Vibius.  He acknowledges the cheers.  He is chained to the weeping Scribe. In the box: Trainer #1 laughs.
50) 8) dialog: A Greek Scribe.
50) 10) dialog: (smiles)
50) 11) text: Give me odds, friend. In the arena: From the opposite end of the arena a dozen armored, very scary Andabatae thunder into the arena.  Some of the crow cheers. The Andabatae immediately race for the chained teams and the battle is on. Vibius spins into action -- dragging the weeping Scribe after him as he circles opponents and fights -- the Scrib is almost instantly killed -- Vibius immediately hacks through the Scribe's wrist and frees himself, as Proximo surely intended.  Vibius is now free to fight alone, swinging the chain as an additional weapon. Juba's eyes dart everywhere as he tries to move with Maximus -- Maximus neither helps nor hinders -- allowing Juba to pull him along -- Proximo, now that his star Vibius is safe, watched Maximu and Juba closely. Juba fights well, with a strange elegance, his body flowing like liquid -- but he is inexperienced.  He strikes a few blows and then tries to move away -- finall he is in trouble -- cornered -- a huge Andabata is slicin at him -- it is a desperate battle -- Juba is losing -- his sword is slammed away -- the Andabata raises his swor for the kill -- And Maximus strikes. With a sudden roar he EXPLODES into action -- he swings past Juba and blocks the blow meant for Juba -- then he slashes the Andabata -- killing him -- he pulls Juba afte him as he fights -- It is a dazzling display of Maximus' skill -- he moves through the Andabatae at amazing speed -- spinning around Juba and protecting him -- slashing ruthlessly -- pulling Juba after him and commanding the battle -- Juba recovers a sword and they fight together. In the box: Proximo watches, smiles.  A gladiator is born.
53) 0) text: Maximus is marching relentlessly through the dugout and cramped, serpentine trench-like tunnels that lead to the arena. We don't really see Maximus well in the dark tunnels. Proximo scurries to keep up with him -- they brush past gladiators who line the walls.  Some are wounded, some ar being attended to by surgeons, some are shell-shocked, some are nervously waiting to go on, whispering prayers. We twist and turn in the tunnels with Proximo and Maximus as:
53) 1) dialog: (quickly)
53) 3) dialog: And keep them moving, their lungs aren't strong, ground the spears as soon as you can and then go for the ax-men.  If you get all four there's an extra bonus so don't be distracted by the Spartans... Without a word to Proximo, or a moment's hesitation, Maximus strides into the arena.
56) 0) text: Proximo sits on a terrace overlooking his compound, sipping wine.  Various gladiators can be seen working out below. A guard brings Maximus.  Proximo nods for the guard to leave.
56) 1) dialog: (holding up a plate)
56) 2) text: Butterfly? The plate is filled with honeyed butterflies, their wings still moving slightly. Maximus shakes his head.  Proximo pops one into his mouth He chews as he looks at Maximus.
56) 3) dialog: Perhaps you'd like a woman? Maximus shakes his head.
56) 4) dialog: Boy? Maximus shakes his head. A beat.
56) 5) dialog: Gold? Maximus shakes his head.
56) 6) dialog: Well, I have nothing left to offer you!  A man who turns down a butterfly, a woman, a boy and gold confuses me.  Personally, I'd grab them all and then grab some more because the Gods are fanciful and take us at their whim.  Does the Spaniard have any needs? Maximus shakes his head. A beat.  Proximo studies him.
56) 7) dialog: You fight like a soldier.  You have wounds like a soldier who has been on long campaigns.  You eye the world around you like an enemy. What is your name, Roman soldier?
56) 9) dialog: And nothing more?
56) 11) dialog: In two days we leave for Rome. Maximus' eyes suddenly flash to Proximo.  He is transfixed, his eyes burning.
56) 12) dialog: Ah... so it's Rome you want.  Well you shall have her, Gladiator.  The new Emperor has ordered a series of matches to culminate in a grand spectacle.  If you do well I shall become very, very rich.  If you do well enough I shall set you free. Is it freedom you want? A beat. Maximus shakes his head.
56) 13) dialog: (quietly)
56) 17) dialog: Oh yes.  He's apparently quite mad about the games.  Spending a fortune, which is, needless to say, good for me again.  But what is good for you, Gladiator?
56) 19) dialog: As a gladiator?
56) 21) dialog: One doesn't. A beat.  Proximo sees that Maximus' mind is racing.
56) 22) dialog: Except... If one has proven oneself in battle.  If at the end of the games you are the final man standing -- the Emperor will present you with a small wooden sword.  The sword is your freedom.
56) 24) dialog: He did to me... (Maximus is surprised at this)
56) 27) dialog: I didn't know him.  He touched me on the shoulder.  Just once.  But that was enough. A beat.
56) 28) dialog: All right, Gladiator.  We shall go to Rome together and have bloody adventures.  The Great Whore will suckle us until we are fat and happy and can't suck another drop.  That is Rome.
62) 0) text: The slave wagon pulls up to Proximo's rather grand Roman compound.  Guards unlock imposing gates and the wagon drives in...
63) 0) text: Inside the gates is a large courtyard, much like Proximo' Moroccan school but much more impressive.  A fountain wit an enormous statue of the war god Mars is central in the courtyard. The gladiators climb from the wagon, stretching after the long journey.  Vibius leads Maximus and Juba to the statue.  He wades through the fountain and kisses the toe of Mars.
63) 4) dialog: (calling to them)
66) 0) text: The interior of the Colosseum is a busy world unto itself Maximus and the others are lead by Proximo's guards down long ramp and past countless animal cages.  Gamblers circulate everywhere and observe the warriors, angling fo the best odds and the best matches. Maximus and the others are led even deeper into the bowel of the Colosseum to a new whole subterranean realm. Numerous cells line the walls.  Racks and racks of weaponry and armor. And, most striking, everywhere around them is the heavy machinery of the spectacles above.  Huge "elevator" platforms and ramps and pulleys and counterweights are manned by teams of sweating slaves.
67) 0) text: Finally, Proximo's guards lead the gladiators to their holding cells.  These cells are right at the edge of the arena.  Barred windows offer a sand-level view of the action. Maximus immediately goes to a window and looks out. He cannot see much of the entire arena, but what he does see transfixes him. A band of Christians are huddled together.  An eerie silence from the Colosseum but for the prayers of the Christians. Maximus watches them.  One little girl peels past her mother's arm.  She sees Maximus.  She smiles. Suddenly a dozen ferocious lions race up a ramp by Maximu -- they roar into the arena -- We do not see the carnage.  We watch Maximus' face as we hear the sounds of the slaughter. And the sound of the roaring crowd. Maximus finally cannot watch.  He drops his head.
68) 0) text: Proximo is with a dozen other gladiator trainers and the Colosseum's orator and majordomo, CASSIUS.  They are haggling in an secluded area not far from the arena itself.  Huge chalkboards chart the day's matches and wagers and odds. Colosseum touts continually erase and mark new figures on the chalkboards to keep up with the swiftly changing bouts. The roar of the lions and the unnerving screams of the Christians can clearly be heard.
68) 5) text: -- Lentulus, Gideon, Trebonius and Proximo -- (to Proximo)
68) 7) dialog: No -- have pity, Cassius -- !
68) 11) dialog: I won't do it for less than 100,000 sesterces -- !
68) 15) dialog: I won't throw my Spaniard into a spectacle!  Damn you and damn the rotation!
68) 24) dialog: I give you 30,000 my Spaniard will kill at least one of your Thracians.
68) 26) dialog: Then make the wager, you smug bastard! They disappear down a dark corridor, negotiating all the while.
69) 0) text: Maximus, Juba, Vibius and another of Proximo's gladiators are being armed.  They all wear mask-like helmets. Proximo hurries to them.
69) 1) dialog: All right -- there are three other teams, four men each -- (to Maximus)
69) 4) dialog: Ignore the others -- go for the Thracians.  The sun is to the east -- over the gate -- keep your back to the gate and you won't have the sun.
69) 6) dialog: Hurry -- ! The guards quickly bustle the four toward a gate leading to a dark tunnel to the arena.
69) 7) dialog: Die well and we'll sing songs about you for a generation. Short swords are shoved into their hands and the gate rises.  They are pushed into the dark tunnel leading to the arena.  The gate closes behind them. The four gladiators stand for a moment and then slowly walk down the tunnel to...
72) 5) dialog: Enjoy yourself, Madame... (he glances to Maximus)
74) 0) text: Proximo stands with Maximus, who is busy strapping on armor.
74) 1) dialog: Gods!  That old Homicide!  The Emperor must truly hate you.
74) 3) dialog: He cheats.
75) 2) text: And from the rocky promontories and martial bloodlines of Spain... representing the training lyceum of Proximo Antoninus... I give you...
84) 0) text: Proximo supervises as a huge banner is unfurled.  It covers the side of a tall building. It shows a dramatic painting of Maximus. Proximo supervises happily as torches and braziers are li to illuminate the mammoth banner. The drums continue...
85) 0) text: The ending of a group fight -- Proximo's gladiators triumphant. The crowd waits for the delicious act of defiance.  We note many placard and banners honoring "MAXIMUS THE
93) 0) text: Proximo sits, considering Maximus.
93) 2) dialog: Captain. A beat.
93) 3) dialog: How did you know?
93) 5) dialog: All that was a long time ago.  Too much wine and too many women.  And too much money.
93) 7) dialog: This is who I am... (he pats his ample belly)
93) 8) text: You see?  There was a time I would stand against ten men and never give an inch, spitting into the jaws of Hades all the while.  There was a time my heart swelled to strap on the armor of Rome.  But now... Something flashes across Proximo's eyes, something like tragedy.
93) 9) dialog: Now I am just an entertainer. A pause.
93) 11) dialog: Yes.
93) 13) dialog: (laughing)
93) 16) dialog: I am the richest trainer in the Empire!  And I will let my gladiators do anything you like! Conspire away, General! Maximus can only laugh as well.
93) 17) dialog: But I tell you -- if you survive this madness I want you to go into business with me.  I'll give you a quarter of my holdings.
93) 20) dialog: A third.  And not a hair more.  And you'll have to start in the provinces!  Cleaning up the lion shit!
96) 0) text: Proximo is asleep -- a sound outside wakes him -- the steady clip-clop of horses on stone.  A lot of horses. He rises and goes to a window overlooking the street outside. A stern Praetorian Guard cavalry unit is cantering into position at his gates.  Proximo grabs his clothes --
97) 0) text: With cool military precision the Praetorians take up position at the gates before Proximo's compound, an unassailable line.  They quickly prepare their bows. Meanwhile, another Praetorian unit has taken up position at the other end of Proximo's compound -- sealing that entrance as well.
98) 0) text: Proximo is hurrying across his open courtyard when the first flaming arrow arches into the compound -- it is followed by hundreds more -- The Praetorians on either end of his compound keep up a ceaseless hail of flaming arrows -- everything begins to burn -- the caged gladiators are stirring now -- shouting -- Proximo races to his panicked guards --
98) 1) dialog: Release them!  Release them all!
98) 3) dialog: Come --
98) 5) dialog: If you want to live -- follow me --
98) 7) text: Go, Spaniard!  We'll show these Roman dogs how gladiators fight!    Proximo hauls Maximus and Juba off as Vibius and the othe gladiators arm themselves --
99) 0) text: Proximo is leading Maximus and Juba quickly through a decaying cramped tunnel.
99) 1) dialog: All the old gladiator schools have tunnels to the Colosseum -- most have long since collapsed --
99) 7) dialog: Quickly -- He leads Maximus down the disintegrating catacomb of tunnels --
101) 0) text: Proximo and Maximus emerge deep in the bowels of the Colosseum.
101) 1) dialog: (points)
101) 4) dialog: They are killing my men! He races back into the tunnel. Maximus moves quickly down the corridor.  He can finally see...
103) 0) text: Proximo and Juba are quickly marching back down the tunne toward the compound -- they are very close now -- the roa of flame is heard -- the creak of falling timber -- and the screams of burning men.  They run. They round a corner and see there is no way past the worl of flame ahead of them.  The tunnel to the compound has collapsed.
103) 1) dialog: Gods... they're killing them all. Proximo leads them up a cramped stairway to...
104) 0) text: They emerge through a sewer entrance -- right into the arms of the Praetorian Guard.  Proximo and Juba are bound Proximo sees his compound burning.  Sees the Praetorian archers taking out any last survivors.  Hears the screams
106) 0) text: Commodus stands with Lucius on a balcony overlooking the city. The roaring flames of the fire at Proximo's compound can easily be seen.
111) 0) text: The hymn is all we hear as we see...    The stands are filling.  We see the rich and poor alike. We see the orator Cassius.  We see Senator Falco and most of the Senate.  We see the cohort of fifty Praetorian taking up position around the Imperial Box. A golden platform, with stairs down to the arena sand, no extends about twenty feet from the Imperial Box to a spot over the arena. We float down the stairs and then we see the arena itself... It is stunning in its simplicity. The days victims are tied to posts in the center of the arena.  Suspended above them is an enormous cloud.  A thick, tumescent bladder painted to look like a threatening rain cloud. We see Proximo and Juba.  We see Senators Gracchus and Gaius.  We see Gaius' wife and Gracchus catamite and Christian families and scholars and actors. Seven stylized hills surround them. The hymn comes to its soaring conclusion as we see the damned.
117) 13) dialog: This way! They race across the arena and into a tunnel...
118) 0) text: Proximo leads them through a series of catacombs -- damp tunnels shoot off in every direction -- everywhere around them the heavy machinery of the games rise like mammoth creatures to the arena above -- a baroque network of rope and pulleys and counterweights and elevator platforms and air shafts and blood sewers -- And they suddenly run directly into Commodus, dragging Lucius, and his six Centurions coming the other direction. The final battle begins with no preamble -- Maximus launches himself forward -- instantly separating Commodus and Lucius -- he slams at Commodus with his swor -- Commodus slams back -- Proximo and Juba race into the six Centurions -- a wild free-for-all as they prove their worth as warriors -- Jub fights with his usual elegant precision -- Proximo fights as a man reborn, alive again -- Proximo takes cagey advantage of his knowledge of this subterranean world -- spinning around machinery and leaping over blood sewers and swinging heavy counterweights -- Maximus and Commodus hack at each other with all the fier passion in them -- Commodus is a perfect match for Maximu and equally ruthless -- their swords thrust and parry and slice at amazing speed -- one false move, one mistake, means death -- Meanwhile, the battle is turning into a victory for Juba and Proximo -- they are defeating the Centurions -- Commodus sees this -- and sees Lucius crying in a corner -- He screams to one of his remaining Centurions: