4) 0) text: The mighty catapults dwarf the humans.  Soldiers from the elite Felix Regiment -- a legion of the Roman Army -- hau the monstrous machines up a hill. The commanding General of the Felix Regiment, MAXIMUS, walks between two of the catapults.  He is a striking and intense man in his 30's.  Like all the soldiers who surround him, he is caked with mud and exhausted. He trudges up the hill with his two lieutenants, TITUS an QUINTUS.
4) 2) dialog: These barbarians would rather drown in blood than yield an inch.  If I didn't hate them so much I would admire them. They have reached the top of the hill.  Stunning martial preparations are underway.  The catapults join ten others Archers are taking up position.  Brutal "Scorpions" -- devices for firing multiple crossbow bolts -- are being loaded.  Soldiers are also loading the catapults with enormous "Greek fire pots" -- large, round terra cotta pots. Maximus and his lieutenants gaze down from the hilltop. Below them they can see a German encampment.
4) 7) dialog: General, I don't recommend that. Our cavalry might be caught in the flames.
6) 0) text: Quintus waits.  The catapults are loaded and waiting.  So too the Scorpions.  So too the 200 archers of the Felix Regiment. He sees the flaming arrow flying up from below.
6) 1) dialog: Now! The mighty catapults are released.  The Greek fire pots arc dramatically through the air.  A moment later soldier release the Scorpions and hundreds of bolts streak throug the sky.  The archers fire a murderous barrage of flaming arrows.
16) 13) dialog: That means after three or four more babies.
16) 17) dialog: (bowing)
23) 0) text: Quintus is waking Maximus --
23) 1) dialog: General -- Maximus --
23) 3) dialog: The Emperor needs you.  It's urgent. Maximus leaps up and throws on a cloak, strides out with Quintus...
24) 0) text: Dead of night.  Maximus and Quintus stride quickly throug the sleeping camp toward Marcus' tent.
24) 2) dialog: I don't know... They continue on toward Marcus' tent.
25) 0) text: Maximus and Quintus stride into the tent -- Maximus slams to a halt.  Stunned. Commodus stands before him.  Lucilla stands in a corner o the tent, head down. And Marcus Aurelius dead, lying on his bed. Maximus stares at Marcus.
26) 0) text: Maximus is kneeling before his ancestors, head down, his fists clenched, praying. Quintus and four Praetorian ASSASSINS suddenly burst in - the assassins move immediately to bind Maximus -- swords at his throat --
26) 2) dialog: (ashamed)
26) 5) dialog: I'm sorry, General, Caesar has spoken. They pull Maximus out --
27) 2) dialog: (anguish)
27) 7) dialog: (quietly)
27) 9) dialog: (quietly, to assassins)
34) 0) text: A gloomy day.  Emperor Commodus stands before the assembled Felix Regiment. The soldiers are already uneasy.  They note Quintus standing by Commodus, wearing Maximus' seal of office. Where is Maximus?
34) 3) dialog: (raising his sword)
34) 7) dialog: (firmly)