44) 0) text: Maximus and Juba are crammed into a wagon with about ten other slaves, including a very scared and reedy SCRIBE. Other wagons are filled with exotic animals, including several lions. The wagons move through a crowded casbah and are taken through an imposing set of gates to...
48) 0) text: Blood appears to be flowing across an oxen's back.  But the blood is too rich, too red. The oxen are pulling an open slave wagon through the crowded streets of the town.  Hanging above the street is dyed wool drying in the sun.  Vermilion and crimson dyes drip down and splash across the oxen -- and splash across the gladiators. Maximus, Juba, the formidable Vibius are chained in the back of the wagon.  Also the frightened Scribe. Proximo and a few of his guards drive the wagon.  Proximo has an umbrella over him, colored with years of dripping dyes. They pass a banner honoring Vibius, the star of Proximo's stable. Meanwhile, the terrified Scribe is almost weeping, chattering nervously to Vibius, chained next to him:
48) 1) dialog: I know nothing of armaments and warfare!  I'm a scribe -- I write down words!  I can write down seven languages --
48) 3) dialog: I don't -- how do you hold the sword?!  I've never held a sword!
48) 5) dialog: I can't -- I -- He suddenly vomits.
48) 9) text: Don't worry, noble Vibius, he won't be bothering you for long. The Scribe begins to weep. The crowds in the street jeer at the passing gladiators. Occasionally throwing trash at them.  A pack of children run alongside the wagon, chanting:
49) 4) text: ... give the Spaniard to him.  Give the Scribe to Vibius. Proximo nods to Vibius, who, for reasons we shall soon see, makes no protest to being chained to the whimpering Scribe. Proximo watches the blacksmith shackle Maximus and Juba together and then strides off.
50) 11) text: Give me odds, friend. In the arena: From the opposite end of the arena a dozen armored, very scary Andabatae thunder into the arena.  Some of the crow cheers. The Andabatae immediately race for the chained teams and the battle is on. Vibius spins into action -- dragging the weeping Scribe after him as he circles opponents and fights -- the Scrib is almost instantly killed -- Vibius immediately hacks through the Scribe's wrist and frees himself, as Proximo surely intended.  Vibius is now free to fight alone, swinging the chain as an additional weapon. Juba's eyes dart everywhere as he tries to move with Maximus -- Maximus neither helps nor hinders -- allowing Juba to pull him along -- Proximo, now that his star Vibius is safe, watched Maximu and Juba closely. Juba fights well, with a strange elegance, his body flowing like liquid -- but he is inexperienced.  He strikes a few blows and then tries to move away -- finall he is in trouble -- cornered -- a huge Andabata is slicin at him -- it is a desperate battle -- Juba is losing -- his sword is slammed away -- the Andabata raises his swor for the kill -- And Maximus strikes. With a sudden roar he EXPLODES into action -- he swings past Juba and blocks the blow meant for Juba -- then he slashes the Andabata -- killing him -- he pulls Juba afte him as he fights -- It is a dazzling display of Maximus' skill -- he moves through the Andabatae at amazing speed -- spinning around Juba and protecting him -- slashing ruthlessly -- pulling Juba after him and commanding the battle -- Juba recovers a sword and they fight together. In the box: Proximo watches, smiles.  A gladiator is born.