42) 0) text: Maximus' eyes slowly open -- Inches away from his face -- a lion roars -- Maximus lurches back. He looks around to realize he is in a filthy slave wagon. Three other wagons slowly move over the desert landscape. Exotic animals are caged in pens or led alongside the wagons:  lions, panthers, zebras, a giraffe.  A dozen slaves are chained together alongside sacks of spices and other cargo.  Bedouin slave traders jabber in a surreal babel of foreign tongues. And someone is looking at him.  JUBA, a striking African, is gazing at him impassively as he chews something.  Juba is also chained.
43) 0) text: The heat of Morocco is unlike anything Maximus has ever known.  Shimmering heat waves undulate over the sand. The provincial market is bustling like the proverbial anthill.  Slave traders and dealers and merchants move around, all talking very quickly and very emphatically. Maximus, Juba and a number of other slaves are on display poked and prodded and fondled.  Their BEDOUIN SLAVE TRADE sings out their praises to any passers. The crowd parts almost magically for the dramatic arrival of PROXIMO.  Proximo is a large man of immense appetites. He has the ferocious appearance of a true pirate.  Two slaves follow behind him and impotently swat at flies wit switches.
43) 1) dialog: Proximo, my old friend, see what I have for you today -- ! Proximo SLAMS a fist into the Slave Trader's face.  The Slave Trader sails back.
43) 4) dialog: I will make it up to you, Master. It's bargain day for you!  Look, look, look -- I have two lions and a panther -- hear how they roar for you!  "Bring me home, Proximo!" Proximo examines the animals.
43) 6) dialog: For you -- 8,000 sesterces.
43) 8) dialog: (moves to Maximus)
43) 9) text: What about this one?  Look at the arms! Proximo moves to Maximus.  The Slave Trader forces open Maximus' mouth.
43) 16) dialog: 1,000 sesterces.
43) 19) dialog: I have to eat, Master!  He's my finest, I couldn't let him go as part of the lot for less than 9,000 total... (back to Maximus)
43) 22) text: All right, let's see. The Slave Trader and his colleagues grab Maximus and bustle him across the market, unlocking his chains. Maximus has no idea what's going on. In the center of the market place, a veritable GIANT of a man sits on a small stool, a wooden sword in his hand.  H is hunched over and chained to the ground by a ten foot chain shackled to his ankle.  A think metal helmet is riveted around his entire head, only long turfs of hair emerging.  His dim eyes stare listlessly through a slot i the helmet. The Slave Trader puts a wooden sword in Maximus' hand and shoves him toward the Giant.  The Giant stands.  He tower over Maximus. The Giant suddenly swings his sword -- he moves with remarkable quickness -- Maximus makes no attempt to block the blow -- it sends him flying to the ground. Maximus pulls himself up. The Giant moves in and hits him again -- Maximus recoils -- the Giant hits him again -- Maximus falls. Maximus pulls himself up. The Giant moves in again -- he slams him a few more times -- Maximus makes no attempt to protect himself -- he falls. Maximus pulls himself up. The Giant is about to attack again --
43) 25) dialog: 
43) 28) dialog: No -- no -- 1,000!
43) 31) dialog: How could I say no to my old friend Proximo?