120) 0) text: The Aggies come down into the locker room, all breathless and excited.
120) 3) dialog: Have a Lone Star on us, Senator.
120) 5) dialog: Hey, Senator, you ain't forgot you was gonna take us to the Chicken Ranch, have you?
121) 0) text: Various angles of the Aggies showering.
122) 0) text: The Aggies come out of the showers and, snapping their towels and horsing around, go to their lockers to begin getting dressed.
122) 6) dialog: They ain't the only ones. Peach-fuzzed, clear-voiced Leroy Sliney pushes a laundry cart down the middle of the locker room.
123) 0) text: From a helicopter we see the Aggie bus driving down a country road. We push in just as Leroy sticks his head ou a window.
126) 0) text: Silhouetted against the setting sun, the Aggies are packe stacked and hanging all over a small pickup truck driven a somewhat confused old farmer. Leroy is holding onto the roof with one hand and sings excitedly.
129) 0) text: Miss Mona enters with the Aggies as the girls are coming down the backstairs or waiting beneath the colored lanter strung out over the punch bowl. They are all wearing thei ball gowns and look slightly reminiscent of a high school prom. The Aggies break into whistles and catcalls and beg pairing off for an encore of the Aggie dance. Leroy spots Shy and he pairs up with her. Mona signals Ginger to take the Senator off her hands. The high point of the number comes when the girls snap of their bali gowns (held in place by Velcro) and appear in their latest Frederick's of Hollywood underwear.
145) 0) text: A montage of shots. An Aggie gets out from under a bed asking, "What's up?" Another Aggie leaves his girl, sayin “wait until next year" and rushes off. We see a foursome bed surprised by a photographer, while in another room a and girl are so stoned out on a joint that they look arou and mutter "Far out!"
149) 0) text: Football players are running out of the house and jumping inte the Aggie bus. With his siren wailing, Ed Earl and Deputy Fred are driving up to the Chicken Ranch. Melvin a