31) 11) dialog: Do you want me to bring the rifle?
32) 0) text: A mule is standing in front of Miss Modene's car, with hi behind sitting on the highly-polished hood. A few townspeople have gathered around to look at the bizarre sight. Ed Earl, with his guns strapped on, looking like he's goi out to meet Billy the Kid, walks across the street from t Courthouse. Behind him are Rita and Deputy Fred; while Miss Modene, keeping up beside him, continues to babble.
33) 7) dialog: Why don't you give him a tug?
53) 0) text: Mona is getting into her car as Deputy Fred drives up.
53) 1) dialog: Hello, Miss Mona. Nice to see you.
53) 3) dialog: Sure are. The Sheriff's real particular about the security out there.
53) 5) dialog: Oh, Miss Mona, shucks. You know I'm a married man.
53) 7) dialog: (blushing) Oh, Miss Mona. Mona laughs and drives out of town.
59) 0) text: Deputy Fred is knocking at the front door.
59) 1) dialog: Sheriff. Sheriff. INT. ED EARL'S BEDROOM - DAY — 68 Ed Earl and Mona haven't moved. They listen.
60) 0) text: Deputy Fred is continuing to knock on the door.
60) 1) dialog: Sheriff! It's me, Deputy Fred. The door opens and Ed Earl stands in the doorway, wearing nothing but the bedspread. .
60) 6) dialog: Well, I think it is. I saw your car from the highway and I figured your phone must be out because what are you wearing that for?
60) 8) dialog: Oh. I always take mine in the morning. I read in the Reader's Digest about....
60) 10) dialog: It's the Mayor. He's real anxious to speak to you. Rita's been calling all over the county for you. He wants a meeting right away.
60) 12) dialog: You mean until after you take a shower?
64) 0) text: Ed Earl steps out on the porch and looks. in the driveway Deputy Fred ig talking to Mona. She drives off and he wav good-bye. Chuckling to himself, Deputy Fred walks over to the porch.
64) 1) dialog: Ain't that funny. All this time, Misa Mona was at the back, knocking on the screen door. She said she's in a hurry but just dropped by to give you this. He hands Ed Earl the pair of black jockey shorts with the little silver snaps. Ed Earl takes it and holds it up, shaking his head. Deputy Fred explains.
64) 2) dialog: It's a Japanese slingshot. Ed Earl shoots him a look, then turns and goes back insid
65) 0) text: The Mayor and C.J. have been anxiously waiting for the Sheriff. Ed Earl enters, followed by Deputy Fred, and mak his way over to his desk.
65) 5) dialog: He's got a new show now. Half hour. Once a week. The Watchdog Report. It's on tonight.
65) 11) dialog: He's the fella who put the peanuts back in the chocolate bar.
65) 13) dialog: He made the makers of the Peanut Delight candy bar admit they put less peanuts in each bar than they advertise and got them to change their ways.
65) 15) dialog: He has a lot of influence out there.
93) 0) text: Deputy Fred pulls up in his car, stops and comes running the steps. The girls on the swing begin to tease him. GINGER . Well, howdy Deputy Fred. How's your tallywhacker hanging?
94) 1) dialog: Howdy, Sheriff.
94) 3) dialog: Well, I think it is. That Melvin - p. Thorpe is setting up his television show on the courthouse steps.
94) 5) dialog: He's getting pictures for his report on the late news tonight. He's got a whole posse of TV cameramen and reporters. You better come look.
94) 7) dialog: Un-huh. Right outside your office.
95) 0) text: Ea Earl comes racing outside, followed by Deputy Fred. Mo follows them both.
95) 5) dialog: You know, he's even prought his own singers. Ed Earl gets in his car. Mona rushes over to him.
98) 0) text: Ed Earl is driving like a crazy man down the road, causin Deputy Fred behind him to be smothered in a cloud of dust 112
109) 0) text: The Mayor, Edsel and C.J. Vernon are pacing around Ed Ear outer office. The two phones are ringing and Rita has her hands full. Deputy Fred waits. The Mayor takes out his watch.
109) 5) dialog: My wife couldn't believe what she saw last night. They bleeped him out, but she read his lips on every ‘hell', 'goddamn' and 'shit'.
131) 0) text: Deputy Fred is making his rounds, walking across the deserted town square. A TV van goes by. He stops and looks. A car follows. He looks again. Melvin P. Thorpe in the Watchdog van drives by. The Deputy scratches his head and thinks about that for a moment.
136) 0) text: Ed Earl crosses the living room, turning on the lights as goes. He opens the door. It's Deputy Fred.
136) 4) dialog: Good evening, Sheriff.
136) 6) dialog: Well, I think it is. I was making my rounds in town when I just saw that Melvin P. Thorpe drive through with some other fellers on their way to the Chicken Ranch.
136) 8) dialog: No, she ain't, Sheriff. Hell... (laughs) I saw those Aggie boys up there tonight celebrating to beat the band.
149) 0) text: Football players are running out of the house and jumping inte the Aggie bus. With his siren wailing, Ed Earl and Deputy Fred are driving up to the Chicken Ranch. Melvin a
170) 0) text: From the weather vane shaped like a rooster on top of the Chicken Ranch roof we look down at the Sheriff's deputies stationed at the front gate. A few gawkers and tourists with cameras park by the roadside. Deputy Fred walks over to send them away. :