77) 0) text: The DOGETTES, Melvin's chorus of four male and four femal singers, have already begun their opening introduction.
77) 6) dialog: (speaking) And now, The Watchdog Man himself. The eyes and ears of Texas, Melvin P. Thorpe! Melvin steps out on the stage and stands before a great m of Texas. The Dogettes cheer and the audience wildly applauds as an "Applause" sign flashes.
79) 0) text: Quick cuts of families watching TV. A series of heads turning. A family at the dinner table staring at the TV with their forks halfway to their mouths. A father puts down his newspaper. A grandmother chokes. A grandfather chuckles. A mother claps her hands over her daughter's ea MELVIN (v.0.) Mean-eyed, juiced up, brilliantined honky-tonk cowboys! DOGETTES (v.o.) Oh, no!
87) 0) text: Edsel, the editor, is seated at his desk and can't believ what he's seeing. DOGETTES (v.o.) Texas has a whorehouse in it!
90) 2) text: 103 All over the state, people are grabbing for their phones. farmers, cowboys, oil riggers, maids, cooks, school teachers. Switchboards are a mass of activity as people in little vignettes sing to their neighbors. DOGETTES (v.o.) Texas has a whorehouse in it Lord have mercy on our souls Texas has a whorehouse in it Lord have mercy on our souls Watchdog smells corruption and He'll fight it to the top Loveless copulation goin’ on Goin' on, goin' on, goin' on.... We pull back from the litle vignettes to see them form a of Texas which dissolves into the smiling face of Melvin.
99) 0) text: The Dogettes are playing "Texas Has A Whorehouse In It” under Melvin's speech.
162) 0) text: The Governor dances into the rotunda where Melvin Thorpe, his camera crew, and a chorus of Dogettes with Texas flag are waiting for him.
168) 0) text: The Governor has just congratulated Melvin on his victory A marching band strikes up the song, Melvin is hoisted on his supporters' shoulders and is marched around the rotun as everybody sings. The flagwaving Dogettes fall in line along with other citizens carrying signs (e.g., "Concerne Citizens for a Whore-Free Society").
168) 5) text: INT. STATE CAPITOL STAIRCASE — DAY 188 Ed Earl walks down the steps to the ground floor. He look over at the rotunda where Melvin ia getting ready for a l broadcast. The Dogettes and the band are singing their la celebration chorus.