28) 0) text: EDSEL MACKEY is pulling the proof pages off the presses.
87) 0) text: Edsel, the editor, is seated at his desk and can't believ what he's seeing. DOGETTES (v.o.) Texas has a whorehouse in it!
87) 1) dialog: I'll be damned!
97) 3) dialog: Let's hear it, Melvin. Lay it on us.
99) 25) dialog: That's tellin! him, Sheriff.
109) 0) text: The Mayor, Edsel and C.J. Vernon are pacing around Ed Ear outer office. The two phones are ringing and Rita has her hands full. Deputy Fred waits. The Mayor takes out his watch.
109) 6) dialog: Did you hear some folks are getting up a petition to close the Chicken Ranch?
110) 11) dialog: That's just it, Ed Earl. But who's going to put out the fire?
152) 12) dialog: I've never seen anything bad come from it and I've lived here all my life. It brings in business for the community and they pay taxes, same as anyone else. Besides, no one ever was forced to go up there. We cut to HENRY, a tough, redneck farmer.
155) 0) text: The Mayor, Edsel, C.J. and Mansel are talking over the problems of the week. Ed Earl is seated at the counter drinking a beer with his back towards the others. Dulcie Mae is listening and watching Ed Earl as the others discu the situation.
155) 7) dialog: The way I see it, the Chicken Ranch served a purpose once, but everything's opened up today. Why, we've undergone a worldwide sexual revolution. Miss Mona's place is not obscene. It's just obsolete. C.J. She ain't got a handful of supporters left, Ed Earl. Ali this publicity is making folks think twice about signing that petition to keep her open.
155) 9) dialog: Or Austin. Within two blocks of the Capitol building you can get anything done to you for money that you can get in Tangiers! Tongue baths, naked massages, somebody ticklin’ your ass with a feather. C.J. If you know that for a fact, Mr. Newspaper Editor, it's your duty to expose it.
155) 10) dialog: C.J., I don't give a damn if folks occasionally want their asses tickled with feathers. I'd kinda like to think that's what heaven's all about. Ed Earl finishes his beer and slams it down. He turns around and faces them.
157) 2) dialog: Oh, he knows it's hopeless. c.J. Then why is he going?
157) 3) dialog: Because that's what being a Texan is all about.