158) 0) text: A group of reporters is standing outside the Governor's house waiting for him to appear. An AIDE comes out and addresses them like a herald.
158) 2) dialog: Mah frens, I want to thank you for that sincere and heartwarming ovation.
158) 7) dialog: I was saying just this morning, at the weekly prayer breakfaet in this historic Capitol, that it behooves both the Jews and the A-rabs to settle their differences in a Christian manner. The Governor's Aide and other flaks applaud as the Govern moves towards his limousine waiting at the bottom of the steps.
159) 0) text: The Governor stops at the bottom of the steps. He turns t face the reporters and clears his throat.
159) 8) dialog: (singing) Oooo! I love to Dance the little Sidestep Now they see me, Now they don't I've come and gone... And oo900ce! I love to sweep around A widestep Cut a littie Swath and lead The people on.
160) 0) text: As the limousine drives up and the Governor steps out, another group of reporters is waiting for him. He gets ou of the limousine and walks up the stepe.
160) 5) dialog: (singing) Now my good friends It behooves me To be solemn and declare I'm for goodness And for profit And for living clean And saying daily prayer. And now my good friends You can sleep nights I'll continue to stand tall You can trust me For I promise I shall keep a watchful Eye upon you all. The reporters look bewildered as the Governor disappears into the Capitol.
161) 0) text: The Governor looks out through the glass doors at the confused reporters and chuckles to himself.
161) 1) dialog: (singing) Oooo! I love to Dance the little Sidestep Now they see me, Now they don't I've come and gone... And ocoocooo! I love to sweep around A widestep Cut a little Swath and lead The people on. Tripping the light fantastic, the Governor shuffles insid 181 182
162) 0) text: The Governor dances into the rotunda where Melvin Thorpe, his camera crew, and a chorus of Dogettes with Texas flag are waiting for him.
162) 2) dialog: Beg pardon?
162) 4) dialog: We seem to be having some acoustic problems in here.
162) 6) dialog: Melvin, I'm sorry....
163) 0) text: The Governor smiles at Melvin and begins to sing:
163) 1) dialog: (singing) Now Miss Mona I don't know her Though I've heard the name, Oh yes. . But of course I've No close contact
165) 0) text: The Governor pops like a leprechaun back and forth behind the marble pillars as he dazzles us with his footwork.
165) 1) dialog: (singing) Oooo! I love to Dance the little Sidestep Now they see me Now they don't I've come and gone And ooo0000! I love to sweep around A widestep cut a little Swath and lead The people on. The Governor dances his final chorus, ending with a big finish that ushers him into his office as the music ends.
166) 0) text: The Governor leans against the door and with a sigh of satisfaction wipes the sweat from his brow. He goes to hi desk as MABEL, a plump and proper lady, bursts in from hi outer office. .
166) 6) dialog: Swearing Sheriff Dodd?..The one on television? I can't.... Eda Earl enters and interrupts.
166) 8) dialog: Well, I haven't made that decision yet. My aides are working....
166) 10) dialog: No need to bring that up, Sheriff.
166) 15) dialog: well, I wasn't aware of her civic generosity, but the law is the law.
166) 17) dialog: Ed Earl, you ever thought of running for office? You make that whorehouse sound like a damn non-profit recreational facility.
166) 24) dialog: I'm sorry, Ed Earl. The Chicken Ranch loses, forty-two to thirty-seven, with twenty-one per cent undecided.
166) 26) dialog: The polls! You can't ask me to go against the polls! This is what the people want. {to his aides) Is Melvin still outside? Maybe I can catch the television cameras before they leave. He runs to the door and flings it open.
166) 28) dialog: (decidedly) The show's over, Sheriff. Close it down! He runs off and his aides follow. Ed Earl is bitterly disappointed. He turns and exits.
168) 0) text: The Governor has just congratulated Melvin on his victory A marching band strikes up the song, Melvin is hoisted on his supporters' shoulders and is marched around the rotun as everybody sings. The flagwaving Dogettes fall in line along with other citizens carrying signs (e.g., "Concerne Citizens for a Whore-Free Society").
168) 2) dialog: (singing) Oooo! I love to Dance the little Sidestep Now they see me Now they don't I've come and gone And oo00000! I love to sweep around A widestep cut a little Swath and lead The people on.