14) 0) text: Fifties-style music accompanies the arrival of a converti full of crew cut college boys. They pull up to the porch a young black woman called JEWEL waves them a welcome.
15) 0) text: Jewel takes the boys' money and they file through the fro door joining other customers dancing rock and roll in the parlor. Miss Wulla Jean is replacing Truman's picture wit Eisenhower's. InT. A ROOM IN THE CHICKEN RANCH - NIGHT - 1950'S Three guys, careful to keep their ducktail hairdo's neatl combed, dance with their girls and somersault them into b
16) 0) text: Jewel passes a portrait of Kennedy as she walks over to Sheriff Jack Roy and his deputies leaving with two low- life characters they have just arrested. Miss Wulla Jean congratulates hin, while in the parlor customers dance to the jukebox.
17) 0) text: Jewel and Miss Wulla Jean are at the “presidential Wall" taking down the picture of L.B.J. Miss Wulla Jean ages fr standing with a cane to sitting in a wheelchair while we cuts of Jewel putting up Nixon and taking him down, putti up Ford and taking him down, and then finally, at Miss Wu Jean's insistance, putting up L.B.J. to be nailed to the wall and left there permanently.
21) 1) dialog: Y'all come back now, hear? The customers respond to Jewel's cry as if asked for an encore, and so...they turn and run into the house, nearly knocking Jewel over in the process.
39) 0) text: Jewel, now more mature, is greeting customers at the fron door and taking their money. Miss Wulla Jean's black crep draped portrait hangs on the wall and couples are still dancing to the old jukebox in the front parlor.
41) 9) dialog: It's just a piddly squattin' Old time country place Nothin' too high-toned Jes' lots of good will And maybe one small thrill But there's nothin' dirty goin' on!
42) 0) text: All the girls, in their nighties and bathrobes, are down breakfast, but Jewel seated at the big table. The Cook has a helper, is in charge of serving.
42) 5) dialog: Yeah, every girl who lives here knows Miss Mona's no-no rules.
46) 7) dialog: Jes' lots of good will And maybe one small thrill.
71) 0) text: Mona comes in the back door and walks through the kitchen Jewel stops her at the bottom of the stairs.
71) 1) dialog: Hi, Miss Mona.
71) 3) dialog: It's been quiet. A couple Army boys from Fort Hood. And right now the Coca-Cola man is making a delivery upstairs. Oh, and there's a girl wants to see you in the parlor.
71) 5) dialog: That's what I told her, but she is persistent. I think you should see her.
72) 70) dialog: By their Alumni Association.
112) 0) text: Ed Earl is coming down the stairs just as Jewel, carrying pile of sheets, is coming up.
112) 1) dialog: Well, if it ain't the celebrated cussing Sheriff of Lanville County. How are you Sheriff?
112) 3) dialog: (laughing) Now, Sheriff, I been real good all week. I dropped six pounds.
112) 9) dialog: What? How can you promise that? What about the football game celebration tomorrow night?
112) 11) dialog: It's the Thanksgiving game, Miss Mona. That's real special.
116) 12) dialog: She's putting you on, darlin’.
125) 0) text: Jewel is distributing some of the ball gowns to the girls Shy picks one up and is admiring it, but Ginger is very bored with the idea.
125) 2) dialog: Yes, you do, and I don't want to hear any bitchin' about it. Miss Mona tries to create something special for these boys -- it's like a graduation dance.
128) 0) text: Jewel opens the door and welcomes them. They enter polite hats in hand. Senator Wingwood has already arrived and he greets them when suddenly all heads turn to Miss Mona as makes one of her grand entrances down the stairs.
134) 0) text: Jewel has her feet up watching an old movie on television The house is very quiet.
139) 0) text: They pass the parlor where Jewel has fallen asleep in fro of a television station that has gone off the air. Melvin
143) 0) text: The place is in pandemonium. Boys and girls are running everywhere, screaming and shouting "raid." Mona comes out of her room and sees Jewel coming up the stairs.
143) 2) dialog: It's that Melvin P. Thorpe sucker and his TV reporters. Mona runs back into her room while Jewel grabs a still ph rapher who is running by her and starts belting him in th mouth. One of his friends comes to his assistance and Jew karate chops him over the bannister. wm 162 163 164 165 oo 166 167 o~
154) 0) text: Mona has been watching the Cronkite report with Jewel. Sh turns it off. They both know the serious trouble they're in.
154) 1) dialog: I hate admittin' I was wrong, Miss Mona, but with television broadcasting this from hell to breakfast, we should have done what the Sheriff said and kept this place closed.
154) 7) dialog: He ain't gonna be able to stop it, this time, is he?
154) 9) dialog: Honey, you see everything in this profession, but one thing I ain't even seen, man or woman, is a grownup. Don't be too hard on him. He loves you.
154) 11) dialog: Some men can't say the words, honey, but that don't mean they don't feel it in their heart.
180) 0) text: Jewel is packing up some pots and pans.
180) 1) dialog: Hey, maybe I'll learn to sew.
182) 0) text: The girls are seated in a tableau around Mona and Jewel waiting for the bus.
185) 0) text: Now only Jewel and Mona are left. Mona waves and says hal to herself.
186) 0) text: A long shot of the bus pulling away from the Chicken Ranc with Mona and Jewel standing in the doorway. 202 203 204 205 206 207
187) 0) text: It is a cold winter day. The girls have gone. Jewel is securing the ropes around the jukebox in the U-Haul trail attached to Miss Mona's car. Ed Earl drives up in the Sheriff's car. He's in his sheepskin jacket with the collar up. Jewel is happy to se hin.
187) 1) dialog: Hey, Sheriff!
187) 3) dialog: I'm so pleased to gee you. I knew you couldn't let me leave without a sweet good-bye for old Porky.
187) 5) dialog: _Good-bye, Sheriff. Did you hear that some people are planning to get the Historical Society to put a marker up out here?
187) 9) dialog: Inside.
187) 14) dialog: (laughing) Oh, Sheriff, I wouldn't leave without my bell and my box. Jewel rings the bell and laughs as Ed Earl goes inside.
189) 0) text: Jewel comes up to the front porch and speaks softly to Mona.
189) 4) dialog: Come on, honey. It's time to go. Mona brushes away her tears and exits by Jewel, who pulls the front door shut.
190) 0) text: Jewel starts up the car and drives down the road. Mona is sadly sitting beside her.
191) 0) text: Jewel looks into the rearview mirror and sees the Chicken Ranch receding in the background. She looks over at Mona who is lost in her own thoughts. Jewel looks out ahead an sees something that makes her smile. She glances over at Mona again, then smiles some more.
194) 0) text: Jewel stops the car and we pull back as Ed Earl walks ove to Mona and opens her door. The Narrator begins singing a as we swing around and fly higher we see the little house all closed and shuttered sitting forlornly on top of the hill.