74) 0) text: Ed Earl is following a Page down the aisle of the TV stud backstage. The Page shows him Melvin's dressing room and exits. Ed Earl knocks on the door. MELVIN (v.o) Come in. Ed Earl enters.
75) 0) text: MELVIN P. THORPE is sitting in his white T-shirt and American flag boxer shorts while he puts the finishing touches to the straightening of his silver-haired wig. Ed Earl is a little surprised.
75) 2) dialog: I know you.
75) 4) dialog: Aren't you Sheriff Ed Earl Doda from over in Lanville County?
75) 6) dialog: Well, this is surely my pleasure... (shaking hands enthusiastically) My honor. What brings you up here to Houston? Please, sit down. (waves to the couch) Anywhere over there. I'm just getting dressed. I've got the show tonight and I'm running a bit behind time. Ed Earl sits on the couch and Melvin returns to dressing.
75) 11) dialog: Melvin.
75) 13) dialog: You watch the show, Ed?
75) 15) dialog: Last week was the best rating we ever had. The City Planning Commissioner driving a city car while he was on vacation! We broke a thirty share. And it's affecting my pieces on the late night news. Up! Up! Up! They love my little report.
75) 17) dialog: The power of television -- of public exposure -- is so great it scares me. I swear I could get the Mayor's own children to throw rocks at him. Which show did you like best?
75) 19) dialog: One of my favorites! Three score means sixty, like the Bible says. So, if it says sixty nuts on the
75) 24) dialog: Thank God we still live in a society where anything that's phony or dishonest can't stand the light of day. He puts on his shirt over his padded shoulders and gets o pad caught. Ed@ Earl points it out.
75) 26) dialog: Oh, thanks...Yes, most corporations involved in false advertising will just laugh at a fifty dollar fine, but if you show up with a TV camera and give tem bad publicity, they shape up faster than goose shit through a tin horn.
75) 28) dialog: I'm from New Jersey.
75) 30) dialog: I moved to Houston six years ago.
75) 35) dialog: What is your interest in this whorehouse, Sheriff?
75) 37) dialog: You know, Sheriff, it just struck me. We're in the same profession.
75) 39) dialog: Law enforcement. I'm out there fighting for the rights of the public just like you. We're both of us protecting the people -+ you in the old way; me in the new.
75) 41) dialog: Television! I'm the electronic bounty hunter. I use a camera; you use a gun. Ed Earl is not impressed with this comparison. He begings talking tough.
75) 46) dialog: Right or wrong don't interest me. I'm no moralizer. I leave all that to the preacher. Ed Earl is a bit: taken back by this admission and a litt confused. - Lae
75) 48) dialog: Unnecessary publicity! He's got me all wrong. I'm not one of those sensation mongers out for their own egos. He finishes dressing and stands looking at himself in fro of the mirror.
75) 49) dialog: What do you think?
75) 51) dialog: I designed it myself. No, you tell your Mayor he's got nothing to fear from me on that score.
75) 53) dialog: I'm a lawman. That's my interest. The law! Right, pardner. He grabs Ed Earl's hand and shakes it. Ed Earl has still not gotten a clear bead on this eccentric character, but figures he's got what he came for.
75) 58) dialog: Come on, we've got to get out of here. That's my cue.
76) 1) dialog: Listen, I'd like to do an interview with you.
76) 3) dialog: Nonsense. You are exactly what the public wants to see. Trust me. Look, we'll talk about it after the show. I want you to be my guest. This is the sponsor's booth. Just sit in there and make yourself comfortable. Bourbon, beer, anything you want.
76) 5) dialog: Not at all. I admire you, Sheriff. You're my kind of cowboy. See ya. He leaves and Ed Earl, not too sure of himself and thinki he needs a drink, goes into the booth and sits down. He begins lighting a cheroot.
77) 0) text: The DOGETTES, Melvin's chorus of four male and four femal singers, have already begun their opening introduction.
77) 7) dialog: Thank you, fellow Texans, and welcome to the Watchdog Report with yours truly Melvin P. Thorpe keeping an eye on what's going on in this beautiful state of ours.
77) 9) dialog: This week's spotlight will shine on the shameful situation that has been allowed to exist for close to a hundred years. I'm talking about the Chicken Ranch, my friends. The proprietor of this innocent-looking ranch house is a woman known only
77) 11) text: 52 CONTINUED - 2 a6 MELVIN (Cont'd) as ‘Miss Mona' and the man who turns his back on her illegal operation is Sheriff Ed Earl Dodd. Ed Earl, sitting behind the glass, stares in open-mouthed horror at the mention of his name.
77) 12) dialog: (continuing) Did I say ‘illegal?’ Yes, I did! Now, I know this is TV, so I'll try to be as delicate as I can, but, isn't this the age of tellin' it like it is?
77) 14) dialog: Well, then let's get this thing out in the open! Here goes, and may God forgive me! (pause) Texas...has a whorehouse in it!
77) 16) dialog: (singing) Texas has a whorehouse in it!
77) 18) dialog: I'll expose the facts Although it fills me with disgust. Please excuse the filthy, dark details And carnal lust.
77) 20) dialog: Dancin' goin' on inside it Don't you see they've gone plumb wild I inquired no one denied it Now I think I'm getting riled
79) 0) text: Quick cuts of families watching TV. A series of heads turning. A family at the dinner table staring at the TV with their forks halfway to their mouths. A father puts down his newspaper. A grandmother chokes. A grandfather chuckles. A mother claps her hands over her daughter's ea MELVIN (v.0.) Mean-eyed, juiced up, brilliantined honky-tonk cowboys! DOGETTES (v.o.) Oh, no!
80) 0) text: Old folks stop rocking. Hearing aids are turned up. Domin games stop. MELVIN (v.o.) Mixin' with green-eyed, thin-lipped hard-as-nails, peroxide blondes! 91 92 93 94 95
82) 0) text: A holdup man and his victim stop in midrobbery to look at the Tv set. MELVIN (v.0o-) Not to mention some types that you'd never guess would venture near...-
83) 0) text: Customers stare in surprise at a TV display while a salesman runs a credit card machine over his hand. MELVIN (v.0.) Actin' all depraved and loose and wild.
84) 0) text: senator Charles Wingwood has stopped pouring himself a highball and stares wide-eyed at the broadcast on the TV in the backseat of his limousine. MELVIN (v.o.) Ninety miles from here. (speaking) Here they are, our own Melvin P. Thorpe Singers!
86) 0) text: We see Duicie Mae watching the show in her kitchen as she prepares dinner. Her twelve-year-old son, BILLY, is sitti at the table also watching. . MELVIN (v.o.) (singing) I'll not let this scandal fade!
89) 0) text: A little guy, in his underwear, watches from a big chair. MELVIN (v.o.) I'll uproot and I'll crusade! I can smell corruption And I'll fight it to the top! Loveless copulation goin’ oooonnnnn. And it must stop! INT. CHICKEN RANCH PARLOR - NIGHT - Iv SET 100 The girls are watching it in the parlor. All are startled and happy to be on TV.
90) 2) text: 103 All over the state, people are grabbing for their phones. farmers, cowboys, oil riggers, maids, cooks, school teachers. Switchboards are a mass of activity as people in little vignettes sing to their neighbors. DOGETTES (v.o.) Texas has a whorehouse in it Lord have mercy on our souls Texas has a whorehouse in it Lord have mercy on our souls Watchdog smells corruption and He'll fight it to the top Loveless copulation goin’ on Goin' on, goin' on, goin' on.... We pull back from the litle vignettes to see them form a of Texas which dissolves into the smiling face of Melvin.
91) 1) dialog: Don't touch that dial neighbors. I'll be back with new and revealing information on this and other cases. Watchdog never sleeps!
92) 0) text: Mona is pouring Ed Earl a cup of coffee as he tells her t problems caused by Melvin's TV show last night.
96) 0) text: Melvin's Watchdog Chorus is singing a reprise of “Texas H A Whorehouse In It" in the courthouse gazebo. The crowd, including Dulcie Mae, looks on with amusement. The three old Nesters are playing dominoes. One looks up across the fountain.
97) 0) text: Melvin has a last minute touch-up on his makeup, slaps aw his assistant, signals to the cameraman and begins his report.
97) 1) dialog: Howdy again, good neighbors! This is the ol' Watchdog, Melvin P. Thorpe, shining the spotlight on Gilbert -- the little town with the big shame. We're here at the Lanville County Courthouse to ask the local people how they feel about the infamous bordello running wide open in their American hometown. He walks up to the gazebo where the Dogettes are assemble and addresses the crowd.
97) 2) dialog: Good people! Good people of Gilbert! May I have your attention! I would like to speak to you about a matter of great importance and concern.
97) 5) dialog: I'm talking about nothing less than your community's moral health. I'm talking to you about official blindness, official corruption, official malfeasance.
99) 0) text: The Dogettes are playing "Texas Has A Whorehouse In It” under Melvin's speech.
99) 1) dialog: It's no big secret! You know what's going on in this town. And what's going on is evil, immoral, brazen, and against the law. (singing) Oh...Texas Has A Whorehouse In It.
99) 3) dialog: Texas has a whorehouse in it!
99) 5) dialog: Sin is runnin' rampant Ooooh, ooooh, Like before the fall Aaah, aaaaah. of Rome.
99) 6) dialog: Someone is permittin' You know what. Eda Earl careens into the town square and screeches to a halt. He gets out. The Mayor, sensing danger, comes over to calm him.
99) 9) dialog: And here comes the man himself. Would you care to give me an interview now, Sheriff?
99) 17) dialog: we're perfectly within the law, Sheriff. As a newsman, I've got First Amendment protection. The public has a right to know what's going on out there, and what kind of payoff you're accepting to protect that notorious house of ill repute. There is a low moan from the crowd. ‘The locals know that the Sheriff has a low threshold for insults. Ed Earl begi slowly.
99) 20) text: CONTINUED - 2 il2 Melvin signals the cameraman to get a better angle on the Sheriff. The soundman follows with a directional mike, pointing it directly at Ed Earl.
108) 3) dialog: What happened to me, as an individual, is not important. But what Sheriff Dodd did to a constitutionally licensed newsman and a good tax-paying American citizen is important! It calls up old dark versions of Mussolini's Brown Shirts and the Nazi terrors. I think the film speaks for itself. On the television screen we see an edited version of Ed Earl's speech: a tle bleep No sawed-off little bleep is gunna accuse me of takin' a bribe and live to tell it... (fires gun) +..'cause I wear the badge in this bleep county. So you listen good, you bleep-bleep, bleep-bleep... ires gun, same shot) ..-if I ever see you or any one of you other bleep in this town again, I'il knock you so flat you'll have to bleep-bleep, bleep-bleep, eep! bleep- Dp (fires gun, same shot) Ed Earl and Mona watch in open-mouthed horror.
131) 0) text: Deputy Fred is making his rounds, walking across the deserted town square. A TV van goes by. He stops and looks. A car follows. He looks again. Melvin P. Thorpe in the Watchdog van drives by. The Deputy scratches his head and thinks about that for a moment.
137) 0) text: Everyone has gone to bed. The lights are low. We pan down from Mona at her desk in her bedroom to shadows creeping along the Chicken Ranch wall. It is Melvin and his crew o cameramen and reporters (eight in all). They reach the lattice door to the backyard and, with a pair of chain eutters, cut the lock. Melvin turns to the camera, signal to switch it on and addresses his audience. MELVIN . Now we're going to take you into the whorehouse itself.
138) 0) text: Melvin and his crew creep along the back porch and sneak inside.
139) 0) text: They pass the parlor where Jewel has fallen asleep in fro of a television station that has gone off the air. Melvin
139) 5) dialog: Okay, everybody up! The bel] clangs, all the lights in the house turn on and with a charging yell, Melvin and his crew go running up t stairs and through the whorehouse. Jewel wakes up and fal off her chair.
142) 0) text: Melvin bursts into a room, followed by his cameraman. He turns to address his television audience while the startl customer in bed looks around.
142) 1) dialog: Now we're going to talk to some of the girls and their customers.
147) 0) text: Melvin bursts in on the Senator, who, with a highball in hand, is being doused in baby powder by a blonde. Melvin sticks a microphone in front of the startled Senator's fa
147) 1) dialog: Senator, the eyes of Texas are upon you. The Senator looks stupidly about in the haloed light of t powder-filled air. He sees the television camera and jump out of bed and runs into a closet, slamming the door behi him. Melvin laughs.
147) 2) dialog: I think we've got enough. Let's get out of here. He and his crew run off down the stairs.
149) 0) text: Football players are running out of the house and jumping inte the Aggie bus. With his siren wailing, Ed Earl and Deputy Fred are driving up to the Chicken Ranch. Melvin a
152) 6) dialog: I have a report here that says the Chicken Ranch is involved with and under the influence of organized crime and I will be taking this report to Austin in the hope that the Governor will come out of his long silence on this issue. and uphold the law. After an establishing shot of the Austin Capitol, we cut a press conference in Senator Wingwood's office. GERALD (v.o.) At the Capitol today, the Governor made no statement, but Senator Charles Wingwood, who was a principal figure in the Watchdog News raid, also held a press conference explaining his involvement. The Senator nervously reads his prepared statement.
162) 0) text: The Governor dances into the rotunda where Melvin Thorpe, his camera crew, and a chorus of Dogettes with Texas flag are waiting for him.
162) 1) dialog: Governor, Melvin P. Thorpe. Watchdog News. Why has the Chicken Ranch operation been so long ignored?
162) 3) dialog: Is it true organized crime may be involved?
162) 5) dialog: And aren't you worried about possible payoffs and bribes?
162) 7) dialog: Enough of this pussyfooting, Governor! Just what are you prepared to do about Miss Mona and the Chicken Ranch? Melvin looks around. The Governor has disappeared. He looks up. The Governor is standing by the railing of the first floor landing.
163) 0) text: The Governor smiles at Melvin and begins to sing:
164) 0) text: The reporters and even Melvin are confused.
168) 0) text: The Governor has just congratulated Melvin on his victory A marching band strikes up the song, Melvin is hoisted on his supporters' shoulders and is marched around the rotun as everybody sings. The flagwaving Dogettes fall in line along with other citizens carrying signs (e.g., "Concerne Citizens for a Whore-Free Society").
168) 5) text: INT. STATE CAPITOL STAIRCASE — DAY 188 Ed Earl walks down the steps to the ground floor. He look over at the rotunda where Melvin ia getting ready for a l broadcast. The Dogettes and the band are singing their la celebration chorus.
169) 0) text: Melvin is standing in front of a live camera. He's about begin speaking when he's tapped on the shoulder. He turns around. It's Ed Earl. The Sheriff, with one hand, pulls off Melvin's wig, grabs him by the collar and with a grea right punch, smacks him in the jaw. Melvin goes sailing across the polished marble floor and lands in the middle the rotunda, spread-eagled over the Lone Star of Texas.