30) 0) text: THREE NESTERS playing dominoes in the gazebo turn their heads and look off as a hysterical MODENE ENNIS, sporting tight new permanent hairdo, runs across the street and up the steps of the courthouse.
30) 1) dialog: Dammit! Dammit!
31) 0) text: Modene dashes down the corridor, screaming.
31) 1) dialog: Ed Earl! Ed Earl! She walks through the swinging door, past a startled RITA CROWELL, Ed Earl's gray-haired secretary.
31) 2) dialog: Morning, Rita. DEPUTY FRED WILKINS is coming out of Ed Earl's office. He is swept back inside by the force of Modene's entrance.
31) 3) dialog: Morning, Deputy Fred. She plants herself in front of the sheriff's desk, where ED EARL, leaning back in his chair, is whittling chains f a block of wood. Behind his desk hang portraits of all ni County Sheriffs ending with Jack Roy Wallace and Ed Earl Dodd.
31) 4) dialog: Ed Earl, now listen up. You've got yourself a problem. Ed Earl looks up and tips his hat back on his head.
31) 6) dialog: It just ain't right for Tucker Faylin to keep on doing this. I've talked to him. I've talked to you. There is a law in this county, Sheriff, and it's up to you to see that it's carried out. Ed Earl stands up and grabs his gun and holster.
32) 0) text: A mule is standing in front of Miss Modene's car, with hi behind sitting on the highly-polished hood. A few townspeople have gathered around to look at the bizarre sight. Ed Earl, with his guns strapped on, looking like he's goi out to meet Billy the Kid, walks across the street from t Courthouse. Behind him are Rita and Deputy Fred; while Miss Modene, keeping up beside him, continues to babble.
32) 1) dialog: I came out of the beauty shop and there he was, standing right in front of my car. I tried to back up, but I couldn't, so I went forward slowly, figuring that he'd move, but he just buckled up his back legs and sat right down on my hood. The group stops as Modene points at her predicament. Ed Earl is not fazed at all. He walks up to the mule and addresses him, man to man.
33) 6) dialog: Sheriff, you got to get him off there. Where's Tucker Faylin?
33) 10) dialog: What are you going to do, Sheriff? I'm expected back home. Ed Earl walks out of frame. A quick cut of the mule's tai being lifted off the hood. The mule looks over his should to see what's happening.
33) 14) dialog: Sheriff, are you listening to me? LOUISE MAPLES, an elderly lady of the town and a staunch supporter of Ed Earl, butts in.
33) 16) dialog: Don't hush me, Louise. I've spent fifteen dollars on this permanent and I'm so upset it's beginning to lose it's shape. The sudden loud whinny of the mule startles them both. Deputy Fred and Rita back up in fright.
97) 7) dialog: t don't know. I'm just waiting for Ed Earl to get here. He's gonna kick that boy's ass.
99) 23) dialog: (chortling) He may be mean, but he's ours!