68) 0) text: SENATOR CHARLES WINGWOOD, an undistinguished blowhard legistator, is on the phone with Ed Earl.
68) 1) dialog: Now wait a minute, Ed Earl. I'd tread easy on this one. Those TV boys can be mighty powerful -- and mighty useful, if you get my meaning. The SENATOR'S AIDE interrupts.
68) 3) dialog: Sorry, I've got to go. Damn food stamps again. But let me give you a word of advice from one elected official to another -- be careful of the box.
84) 0) text: senator Charles Wingwood has stopped pouring himself a highball and stares wide-eyed at the broadcast on the TV in the backseat of his limousine. MELVIN (v.o.) Ninety miles from here. (speaking) Here they are, our own Melvin P. Thorpe Singers!
120) 2) dialog: Boys! Boys! That was the greatest victory since General Eisenhower . won! You make me glad to be an Aggie. I swear, I could break down and cry like a baby, I'm so flushed with pride.... one of the Aggies is tossing bottles of Lone Star Beer to his teammates as they enter. He tosses one to the Senator
120) 4) dialog: Now, you boys know senators don't drink! It ain't good for the Baptist vote. He pops it open and it sprays across the room. One of the Aggies does a few bars of a foot-stompin' cleat dance. Th others cheer for him. A lot of “yee-haw's."
120) 6) dialog: (leering) I always keep my campaign promises! Cheers from the team.
120) 7) dialog: yes sir, the Chicken Ranch is a fine institution and I'm proud to have it in my district. And to hell with what Melvin P. Thorpe says. So let's get a move on and we'll see you boys at Miss Mona's. He and his party exit.
128) 0) text: Jewel opens the door and welcomes them. They enter polite hats in hand. Senator Wingwood has already arrived and he greets them when suddenly all heads turn to Miss Mona as makes one of her grand entrances down the stairs.
128) 1) dialog: (to Mona) Howdy, ma'am. I'm Senator Wingwood of the 19th District and Aggie Class of '49. Mighty proud to meetcha.
128) 3) dialog: Hell, Miss Mona. I didn't think you'd remember.
128) 5) dialog: 1 got it right here. He produces it from his coat pocket and hands it to her.
129) 0) text: Miss Mona enters with the Aggies as the girls are coming down the backstairs or waiting beneath the colored lanter strung out over the punch bowl. They are all wearing thei ball gowns and look slightly reminiscent of a high school prom. The Aggies break into whistles and catcalls and beg pairing off for an encore of the Aggie dance. Leroy spots Shy and he pairs up with her. Mona signals Ginger to take the Senator off her hands. The high point of the number comes when the girls snap of their bali gowns (held in place by Velcro) and appear in their latest Frederick's of Hollywood underwear.
147) 0) text: Melvin bursts in on the Senator, who, with a highball in hand, is being doused in baby powder by a blonde. Melvin sticks a microphone in front of the startled Senator's fa
152) 7) dialog: I have no independent recollection of going to the Chicken Ranch and I can only say as the most dedicated anti-communist in the state