2) 0) text: Picture perfect: two stories, dormers, trellises. 9-year- ANNIE rides up on her bike, bookbag over her shoulder. Without stopping, she hops off, dumps it on the lawn by t other bikes. A few steps and she's through the door.
3) 26) dialog: How'd you know?
6) 0) text: Darren and Annie and his mom and DAD eat dinner. Annie chatters away.
6) 1) dialog: And that's why we need a dog. She waits for an answer. Mom and Dad exchange a look.
6) 3) dialog: How do you guys decide who's going to say no when you look at each other.
15) 0) text: Darren's Mom making omelettes. Darren's DAD helping, dici up some ham. Annie sits at the table awaiting the results ANNIE
15) 2) text: Nothing a few years in prison won't take care of. ANNIE
15) 5) text: Get this. She said she couldn't comment because she didn't make it home last night herself. ANNIE
15) 10) text: Darren's just snapped her photo with his DIGITAL CAMERA. As the door bursts open and Annie enters... Darren scramb to block the cage from view. DARREN
15) 11) text: Annie, you gotta learn to knock. ANNIE
15) 12) text: Mom said to come eat. What's that? As Annie tries to look, Darren stays in front of her. DARREN
15) 13) text: Out. Annie sighs, heads out. Darren puts the cage in the close CUT TO:
16) 0) text: Darren arrives, sits as everyone pretends not to notice. mom slides his omelette off the pan into his plate. Annie watches everyone's every move. Darren eats a bite. DARREN
16) 1) text: Mom, this is the best omelette I ever had. His Dad can't help but smile. Good move. Mom is pleased, but knows she's being manipulated. As Annie stifles a lau Darren shoots her a look. A KNOCK at the kitchen door. Annie gets up, opens the doo to reveal: Steve. From his angle he can only sees Annie. STEVE
16) 2) text: Hey, midget, where's the idiot? Annie motions Steve in. He stops short when he see everyo else. He recovers, does his best Eddie Haskell... STEVE
17) 32) text: I bet anyone with a brain could do it. Which leaves you out. Steve smiles, gives Darren a little punch in the arm. The tension is loosening. They react to a KNOCK on the door. ANNIE'S VOICE
17) 34) text: I swear to God, Annie... ANNIE
17) 38) text: Don't move. Annie freezes. Darren grabs a BASEBALL BAT which leans in the corner. He reaches out, pokes at the curtain with it. Madam Octa drops down onto the window sill -- WHAM! Wood cracks as Darren brings down the bat, but Madam Octa is t quick. She disappears, leaping out the open window! Darren pulls it shut. He rushes back to Steve, turns him over. Steve's skin is already a deathly pale. DARREN
17) 39) text: Steve... Annie reaches out, takes Steve's hand. ANNIE
28) 0) text: The door opens and Darren steps out. He takes a long look and down the street. Nervous. Then he see the sun up in t sky. Relaxes a little. Right... Vampires... Sun. He takes a step down the stairs when... From out of the bushes... SOMEONE LEAPS! ANNIE
28) 1) text: Boo! Darren nearly jumps out of his skin. Annie laughs. ANNIE
28) 3) text: Don't ever do that again. Annie's smile drops away. As Darren continues on... CUT TO:
30) 0) text: Darren walks home, hands in pockets. Annie comes up behin ANNIE
30) 1) text: Darren! Wait up! He looks over his shoulder, keep going. ANNIE
30) 3) text: Got you something. Darren pulls the MOUSE from his pocket. Annie loves it, c it in her hand.    
30) 5) text: He's adorable. ANNIE &amp; DARREN - A CREATURE'S POV Coming in low and fast. STREET
30) 6) text: Annie SCREAMS as a GERMAN SHEPHERD charges, stops just sh of them. GROWLING like it was rabid. Like it hates Darren Darren steps between it and Annie. Darren's pupils dilate oddly; he curls his lip to show his own teeth. The dog starts to back off.. ANNIE
30) 8) text: No it's not. King's my buddy. ANNIE
30) 10) text: Come on. As Darren hurries Annie along down the street... CUT TO:
35) 0) text: Annie asleep already. Darren enters, pulls his sister's blanket up, tucks it under her chin. He whispers: DARREN
39) 3) text: For the next life, Shan. Top right corner every time. Annie steps up, gently strokes her brother's cheek. Then suddenly overwhelmed, she buries her face in their Dad's chest. He leans in tenderly over his son. Choked up: DAD