0) 2) dialog: Come on... I'll take good care of you. All the bugs you can eat.
0) 7) dialog: You're gonna scare him away.
0) 14) dialog: Your problem, Steve, not mine... Steve gets a waggish idea. Stepping to the sink, pressing his forefinger over the spigot, he turns the faucet. WATER SHOOTS out in a stream, which Steve directs into an then over the stall door. Reacting, the spider zips up it thread, is lost in the darkened ceiling. The stall door opens. Dripping water, Darren stares at St who flashes a wicked grin...
1) 0) text: Kids eat lunch, off in their groups. On the field: Darren has a SOCCER BALL practically glued to his foot. He dribb through defenders, shoots, SCORES! Steve pumps a fist:
1) 5) dialog: Go get the ball. It's 3 to 2. Lunch's almost over.
1) 12) dialog: 
1) 25) dialog: A freak show. Ever been to one?
1) 34) dialog: Must be a different one. Steve scrolls down through pictures:
3) 0) text: Moody for the daytime. Only the light from the half-close blinds streaking the floor where: Darren and Steve are huddled over several clippings and pictures that Steve has spread out. They all deal with VAMPIRES in some form or another. Steve pulls another sta from his backpack, spreads them out as well.
3) 1) dialog: I don't get it.
3) 3) dialog: Right. You're failing half your classes at school, but you're studying vampires.
3) 10) dialog: What? When?
3) 13) dialog: That's your proof? It smells. Steve's really trying to convince him now.
3) 16) dialog: Come on.
3) 18) text: Someone watching Darren and Steve through the half open doorway. It moves in, starts coming up from behind.
3) 19) dialog: What was his name? Mr. Dracula? Mad now, Steve opens the book, flips pages, finds an old Century painting. He slaps down the science lab internet print-out of Larten Crepsley. It's the same guy! Maybe...
3) 27) dialog: Saw your shadow on the floor. Gotta try harder, knucklehead. Steve snaps his book shut, shoves it in his backpack.
3) 29) dialog: Get me one, too. Steve gets up, stomps out of the room.
4) 0) text: Steve opens the refrigerator, looks to see what's in ther At the same time Darren's MOTHER arrives home. Coming in through the kitchen door, she sees the refrigerator door open, two sneakered feet behind it.
5) 3) dialog: Huh? Tonight where? He zips the bag, slings it over his shoulder.
5) 5) dialog: I got no money right now.
5) 7) dialog: That place is supposed to be haunted. Steve rolls his eyes, starts out...
5) 8) dialog: What am I going to tell my parents?
5) 10) dialog: I don't know, man...
6) 0) text: Darren and Annie and his mom and DAD eat dinner. Annie chatters away.
6) 5) dialog: Mom? I'm gonna sleep over Steve's tonight? Okay?
6) 7) dialog: What? Why not?
6) 9) dialog: I'm fourteen. I shouldn't even have to ask stuff like this.
6) 11) dialog: I've known him since I was five years old!
6) 18) dialog: But -- That's not fair!
7) 0) text: The moonlight glinting off Darren's spider terrarium. Darren, under the covers, gets out of bed. Fully dressed. Going to his door, he listens. Then he crosses to the window. Pulling out the screen, he starts to climb out.
8) 0) text: Darren out his second floor bedroom window, starts to cli down via the trellis. CRACK! A section of the trellis BREAKS under his feet. Darren almost falls, catches hold. He pulls himself over, starts down again.
9) 0) text: Part of a dilapidated, mostly abandoned downtown. Noirish Darren and Steve hurry around a corner.
9) 2) dialog: You know why they closed it, right? Years ago a kid fell out of the balcony and died. It's haunted.
10) 0) text: Paint peeling. The walls scribbled on. Most of all - it's dark. Darren and Steve head toward a glow coming from...
10) 2) dialog: The balcony. Where he fell...
10) 8) dialog: 
10) 40) text: Recognize him. Can't believe their eyes. Steve pulls the print-out from his pocket, compares. DARREN
10) 43) text: It's not true. That all tarantulas are poisonous. Though some can kill a man. With one bite. Crepsley whisks off the covering. In the cage: a TARANTUL the size of a large man's hand. So big you can make out individual eyes. As deadly looking as it is beautiful. DARREN
10) 49) text: I wonder if you would be as shocked to see the same fate for me? Madam Octa moves -- climbing the outside of the cage -- taking a cautious step onto the hand holding the cage, th starting up Crepsley's arm. He stands dead still. DARREN &amp; STEVE
10) 60) text: No, you go. I'm staying. Steve starts down toward the stage. Darren follows. DARREN
10) 61) text: Wait. What're you doing? Steve reaches the stage, looks around. The audience is mostly exited; no one from the Cirque is in sight. As Steve starts up onto the stage, Darren grabs his shoul Steve wheels, shoves Darren who stumbles back into a seat STEVE
10) 62) text: This is my destiny. Don't ruin it. Steve looks dangerous as he looms. Darren raises his hand in surrender. Steve eases off, but he's still intense. STEVE
10) 63) text: That car today. It was a sign. Sending me here. I was told there'd be a sign. Too friggin' weird. DARREN
10) 65) text: I'll tell you later. If I can. Steve scrambles onto the stage and disappears into the ba Darren stands, whispers into the dark. DARREN
10) 66) text: Steve... Decision time. Darren climbs up, starts after his friend. CUT TO:    
11) 0) text: Darren moves back into the gloom. Deserted, the junk cast sinister shadows. Then, a sound at his feet. Darren stops short. Sees that he's almost walked into an open stage DO IN THE FLOOR. The sound is someone moving below. DARREN
11) 1) text: Steve...? No answer. Darren decides, starts down steep, rickety ste CUT TO:
11) 3) text: Coming down the creaky stairs. Spooky. DARREN
11) 5) text: Turning a corner, is startled by what turns out to be a costume mannequin. But beyond: a LONG BOX set on two sawhorses. Coffin-sized. Empty, its lid propped up by it. The dust is tracked with footsteps. A mini-FRIDGE hums in corner. Steve steps over, sees an EXTENSION CORD which ru up the wall, disappears into a hole punched in the ceilin DARREN
11) 6) text: Stops short as a LIGHT suddenly cuts through the gloom to left. Darren steps over low behind a CREDENZA. He sees... STEVE
11) 7) text: He's opened the door to the fridge. The little bulb insid pushes through the gloom, lighting the area up. DARREN
11) 8) text: Reacts as MADAM OCTA tries to jump on his face! The bars her CAGE stop her. It rests on the credenza he crouches behind. The whistle is there too. Darren looks over as...    
11) 11) text: Are you looking for me? Steve whirls -- drops the bottle -- SMASH! Standing behind him - dead still - CREPSLEY. DARREN
11) 17) text: Too broad a definition. Do you introduce yourself as a human? Who I am is Larten Crepsley. DARREN
11) 26) text: I want you to make me a vampire. Not what Crepsley (or Darren) expected. Steve stands ther trying to look resolved. Crepsley is surprised, intrigued CREPSLEY
11) 34) text: I have a friend, but he doesn't understand. He's got too much to know what it's like to be alone. As Darren reacts to this... STEVE
11) 42) text: Do not tempt me. DARREN
11) 53) text: Frozen to his spot, watches as Crepsley, seemingly ill, h his head and spits again onto the floor. Then he steps ov and kicks the fridge door closed. And in the blink of an eye, he's gone. Disappeared. Darren is alone. He starts out, then stops. Looks back. That beautiful spider. And Darren takes Madam Octa's cage and the whistle and makes a run for it. Just like that. CUT TO:
12) 0) text: 3 AM. Dead quiet. Darren hurries home, cage in hand. Looking over his shoulder. So far so good. He nearly trip over an untied shoelace. He sets down the cage, to tie it Madam Octa lunges across her cage at a WORM on the sidewa DARREN
12) 1) text: Oh. You want that? Darren picks up the worm, lowers it between the bars. A b and then Madam Octa snatches it away from him. Dinner.    
12) 3) text: See? I'm your friend... You're so beautiful I stopped thinking. The wind rustles. Darren grabs the cage, continues. CUT TO:
13) 0) text: The house dark. Holding the cage with one hand, Darren starts climbing the side of the house using the other. He avoids the broken section, but as he reaches the window: His Dad is standing there looking out. Busted. DAD
13) 1) text: Get inside. From his angle, Darren's Dad can't see the cage in his so hand. Darren hooks it over the end piece of part of the trellis and climbs in. Leaving the cage hanging behind. CUT TO:
14) 0) text: Darren stands across from his Dad. DAD
14) 1) text: A freak show? Are you kidding me? DARREN
14) 3) text: You told me the other day you were broke. You were looking for a job to do around the house this weekend. DARREN
14) 5) text: Where'd you get money for the show? DARREN
14) 6) text: Steve had money. Darren's Dad's suspicion is confirmed.    
14) 8) text: Steve... We weren't going to tell you, but we think Steve stole money from your Mom's purse yesterday. DARREN
14) 10) text: Mom's pretty sure about it. DARREN
14) 12) text: No. DARREN
14) 14) text: Being a good friend and sneaking out are two different things. DARREN
14) 15) text: I have to sneak out! You treat me like a kid! A moment as Darren's raised voice rings out of the room. DAD
14) 16) text: Then act like an adult if that's how you want to be treated. This world is crossed by fences -- Darren interrupts. He's heard it a million times. DARKEN
14) 20) text: It wasn't like that. A beat. Darren's Dad goes, closing the door. Darren sighs He goes to the window, pulls up the cage. He scans a look outside. Except for his Dad, the coast is clear. CUT TO:
14) 21) text: Darren sets the cage on a shelf, shuts the door. Black. CUT TO:
15) 0) text: Darren's Mom making omelettes. Darren's DAD helping, dici up some ham. Annie sits at the table awaiting the results ANNIE
15) 7) text: Go tell Darren it's breakfast. CUT TO:
15) 10) text: Darren's just snapped her photo with his DIGITAL CAMERA. As the door bursts open and Annie enters... Darren scramb to block the cage from view. DARREN
15) 12) text: Mom said to come eat. What's that? As Annie tries to look, Darren stays in front of her. DARREN
15) 13) text: Out. Annie sighs, heads out. Darren puts the cage in the close CUT TO:
16) 0) text: Darren arrives, sits as everyone pretends not to notice. mom slides his omelette off the pan into his plate. Annie watches everyone's every move. Darren eats a bite. DARREN
16) 1) text: Mom, this is the best omelette I ever had. His Dad can't help but smile. Good move. Mom is pleased, but knows she's being manipulated. As Annie stifles a lau Darren shoots her a look. A KNOCK at the kitchen door. Annie gets up, opens the doo to reveal: Steve. From his angle he can only sees Annie. STEVE
17) 0) text: Darren and Steve enter his bedroom. STEVE
17) 1) text: What was that? Everyone acting like they don't know me. Did I walk in on something? Darren closes the door. Gets to the point. DARREN
17) 4) text: Sorry about the way I acted. I'm sorry I pushed you. DARREN
17) 6) text: What? DARREN
17) 8) text: You said bad blood. I never heard you say something like that before. DARREN
17) 9) text: What are you, the word police? Steve gives him a look. A weird tension in the air. Darre glances at the bandage on Steve's palm, changes the topic DARREN
17) 11) text: Sure... Darren steps over, starts his computer up. While waiting, Steve sees the digital camera on the dresser, picks it up    
17) 13) text: I gotta get one of these. Steve switches it on. Something occurs to Darren too late DARREN
17) 14) text: Let me see that -- On the screen: the PHOTO OF MADAM OCTA. Steve twists arou to keep the camera out of Darren's reach. STEVE
17) 15) text: It's Madam Octa. DARREN
17) 17) text: Liar. Look at the background. This got taken right on your desk. Darren's caught. As they just stare at each other. CUT TO: MADAM OCTA
17) 18) text: In her cage, on the desk. Darren and Steve looking her ov STEVE
17) 19) text: How'd you do it? DARREN
17) 21) text: Just like that... (after a look) You stole from a vampire you know? DARREN
17) 22) text: Just because he had a coffin doesn't mean he's really a... Darren trails off. Steve realizes Darren saw the coffin. STEVE
17) 26) text: I didn't believe it. Steve studies Darren, hopes that's true. DARREN
17) 28) text: How do you think he made her do what he wanted? Darren opens his desk drawer, pulls out the flute. DARREN
17) 30) text: I think that was just for show. I think he used something else. Some kind of mind control. DARREN
17) 32) text: I bet anyone with a brain could do it. Which leaves you out. Steve smiles, gives Darren a little punch in the arm. The tension is loosening. They react to a KNOCK on the door. ANNIE'S VOICE
17) 33) text: Can I come in? Darren goes to the door. Opens it a few inches. DARREN
17) 38) text: Don't move. Annie freezes. Darren grabs a BASEBALL BAT which leans in the corner. He reaches out, pokes at the curtain with it. Madam Octa drops down onto the window sill -- WHAM! Wood cracks as Darren brings down the bat, but Madam Octa is t quick. She disappears, leaping out the open window! Darren pulls it shut. He rushes back to Steve, turns him over. Steve's skin is already a deathly pale. DARREN
17) 40) text: Darren, he's freezing. DARREN
18) 0) text: Hospital doors BANG OPEN as a gurney bearing Steve is rus through. Darren and his Dad follow with a DOCTOR. DOCTOR
18) 1) text: What kind of spider was it? DARREN
18) 3) text: Where is it? DARREN
18) 4) text: It got away. Darren's Dad holds up the camera.    
18) 7) text: Anaphylactic shock. Get Doctor Lund. And we need to download a photo to poison control. This is as far as Darren goes. Steve is wheeled in, surrounded. Syringes are drawn, handed in. All we can see of Steve is one skinny arm hanging out. PUSH IN ON DARREN. Sick for Steve. Scared. Unaware that his world has only just started to crash down around him. CUT TO:
18) 11) text: If my son said he took that photo, then that's the truth. Dr. Lund just stares at Darren. Then: WOMAN'S VOICE
18) 12) text: What have you done to him?! STEVE'S MOM approaches, her eyes on Darren. Disheveled, cheap looking, she hasn't quite started her hangover yet. She lunges past Darren's dad, grabs Darren by the shoulde STEVE'S MOM
19) 0) text: Darren as he lays in bed, staring at the ceiling. His clo switches to 2:58 AM. Deciding, Darren gets out of bed. CUT TO:
20) 0) text: Dressed, Darren climbs out the window, starts down. CUT TO:
21) 0) text: Dead lonely as Darren approaches, steps up to the glass d As he leans in to look into the lobby, the door gives a little. It's unlocked. Darren pushes it open with a finge CUT TO:
22) 0) text: Darren's by the credenza where he hid. The coffin is gone DARREN
23) 0) text: MOVE WITH DARREN who comes up from below and crosses. Sta with him as he parts the curtains and comes out on the... ZEITERION STAGE
23) 1) text: Where he stops short, sees in the center of the stage -- Crepsley's COFFIN. A beat and Darren steps up. He grips t lid, starts sliding it back. He looks inside to see --    
23) 3) text: What have you come for this time? Darren pulls out a CRUCIFIX, holds it in Crepsley's face. The vampire takes it, looks it over. It has no effect. DARREN
23) 5) text: Why should they? DARREN
23) 7) text: Am I? Are vampire bats evil when they drink the blood of cows? DARREN
23) 9) text: So am I. So are you. Our appetites don't make us evil. (as Darren ponders...) Why are you here? DARREN
23) 10) text: Your spider bit my friend Steve. Crepsley shrugs, tosses Darren back his crucifix. DARREN
23) 15) text: The antidote to her poison is rare. Expensive. Why should someone as evil as I am waste it on Steve? DARREN
23) 17) text: Money doesn't interest me. DARREN
23) 18) text: There's something you want. That's why you're here waiting for me. Right? Crepsley's surprised and pleased by Darren's intuitivenes CREPSLEY
23) 19) text: The night Steve came below to speak to me, you were there. Did you hear what we talked about? DARREN
23) 21) text: You don't just 'become' a vampire. The change is too extreme. And if the shock didn't kill you, your inexperience would. So you become one in stages. A half-vampire at first. With greater strength than a human, but still able to go out in sunlight. You learn from a full vampire. Do you understand? DARREN
23) 23) text: But your friend has bad blood. He's no good. There's no telling what he'll become as he matures. DARREN
23) 26) text: And yesterday you didn't believe in vampires. Regardless, I've left the Cirque. Left my protection. I need someone to protect me while I sleep. I need an apprentice. DARREN (SUDDENLY REALIZES)
23) 27) text: Me? Crepsley nods. DARREN
23) 30) text: You hardly have a choice. It's your destiny. DARREN
23) 32) text: Try this then. You're reckless enough to steal, responsible enough to come back for a friend. That's enough for me. DARREN
23) 34) text: Yes, well, destiny can't be explained. It must be lived. Now, you're wasting my time. DARREN
23) 36) text: There isn't. DARREN
23) 39) text: And he slips away while we argue. Life or death? Yes or no? DARREN
23) 41) text: Yes or no? Thoughts rush, then stop. Darren finally just nods. Crepsley raises his right hand. The nails are not especia long, but they look thick and sharp. Crepsley takes Darren's hand, jabs at his forefinger, dra blood. He dabs off a drop, smells it, then tastes it. CREPSLEY
23) 43) text: Lift your hands. Darren does as he's told. Crepsley digs all ten nails int all ten of Darren's fingertips. Darren jerks back in pain CREPSLEY
23) 44) text: Get used to pain. More lies ahead. He motions to his hands. Darren raises them, fingers spre Crepsley presses his fingertips to Darren's. Blood brothe As their eyes lock, Darren frowns at an alien sensation. CREPSLEY
23) 45) text: The blood flows into your left arm and out of your right. Do you feel it? Getting near your heart? Darren nods, shivers. CREPSLEY
23) 46) text: Almost there. A force arcs through Darren's body. He screams, falls dow    
23) 48) text: The world will start to slow down. You'll become a witness of time. (snaps out of it) Your friend's time is running out. He pulls Darren to his feet. CUT TO:
24) 0) text: They step out into the moonlight. Darren a little wobbly. CREPSLEY
24) 1) text: Take my arm. Don't let go. Darren takes hold. Crepsley starts to move. Only it seems more like he's still and the ground is moving under his f Darren looks about as the building begin to streak past, road a blurred ribbon. The night has a weird chromatic lo The world moving faster, Crepsley and Darren slipping pas A moment later and they're in the...
24) 3) text: Lick your fingers. Vampire spit will stop wounds from bleeding. Darren looks at his fingers, then around the lot. DARREN
25) 2) text: We're in time. He still has a few minutes left. Crepsley takes a small AMBER VIAL from his pocket. He bre a wax seal then pinches out a small blackened cork. He pulls the drip line out of the IV CATHETER and empties drop of the vial's dark, viscous contents inside. It swir murkily, coloring the liquid on its way into Steve's arm. A beat and then Steve seems to convulse, his arms and leg twitching. Is he dying? DARREN
25) 4) text: He was near death. The journey back is not pleasant. What do you know about him, this boy with bad blood? DARREN
25) 6) text: Hmm... Who's his father? DARREN
25) 7) text: Never met him. I don't think Steve ever did either. Why do you want to know? And then Steve comes around. He opens his eyes, focuses o Darren for a moment. He looks puzzled. STEVE
25) 8) text: Darren? And then he drifts off, asleep. His breathing growing deeper, steadier. Darren realizing he's going to be okay. CREPSLEY
25) 9) text: Will you come with me now or do you have things to set in order first? That's when it really hits home. He's agreed to leave eve thing and go off with a vampire. Without really thinking, Darren starts backing toward the door, his eyes on Crepsl    
25) 11) text: I see... Darren's almost to the door. Crepsley stays where he is. CREPSLEY
25) 12) text: Run if you want. It won't help. You're a creature of the night now, Darren Shan. Darren turns and bolts leaving Crepsley alone. Chuckling, the vampire tucks Steve's covers up under his chin. CUT TO:
26) 0) text: BURSTING OPEN as Darren charges out. Running for his life CUT TO:
27) 0) text: Darren asleep in his bed. The door opens and his mom ente MOM
27) 1) text: Darren... Wake up, honey. Darren wakes with a start as she gives him a little shake As he looks about, wonders what reality he's in. MOM
27) 2) text: I just got off the phone. Great news. Steve's going to be okay. DARREN
27) 4) text: The hospital says it's a miracle. Was it a dream? Darren looks down at his hands. On the ti of each finger and two thumbs are small round WHITE SCARS Darren instinctively hugs his mom. She thinks he's overjoyed, can't see his look of terror. She hugs him bac MOM
28) 0) text: The door opens and Darren steps out. He takes a long look and down the street. Nervous. Then he see the sun up in t sky. Relaxes a little. Right... Vampires... Sun. He takes a step down the stairs when... From out of the bushes... SOMEONE LEAPS! ANNIE
28) 1) text: Boo! Darren nearly jumps out of his skin. Annie laughs. ANNIE
28) 2) text: Got you! I finally got you! - Darren turns on her, looks like he could kill her. DARREN
28) 3) text: Don't ever do that again. Annie's smile drops away. As Darren continues on... CUT TO:
29) 0) text: Darren walking along, feeling isolated as he moves past t other students. Everything seems weird, off. A couple of KIDS RUSH past him going into a classroom. Th a COUPLE more coming the other way. KID
29) 1) text: Hey, Shan, you gotta see this. They duck into the classroom. Darren follows. SCIENCE LAB
29) 3) text: .Doctor said it was a miracle. They say I'm unique -- Steve spots Darren as he steps up in the back. STEVE
29) 4) text: Hey, Darren. I've been looking for you. We got a lot to talk about.    
29) 7) text: But first... Steve holds out a fist. A MOUSE pokes its head out throug an opening in the hand. Its whiskers twitch. As Darren looks from the mouse to the snake... Steve addresses the kids does his best 'Mr. Tall'. He tri to be entertaining, but he comes off creepy. STEVE
29) 9) text: .to Crepsley the mouse. Darren reacts to the name. Steve lowers his hand into the terrarium. Some kids already look away, others are intent DARREN STOP --
29) 10) text: Steve hesitates. Darren pushes to the front. DARREN
29) 13) text: And don't blink; you might miss it. Steve sets the mouse in the terrarium. The MOUSE takes a few tentative steps. Moves toward a cor away from the... SNAKE who's suddenly alert. It raises it head, flicks its tongue. Coils back on itself. ZAP! The snake STRIKES... And Darren darts down his hand! CATCHES the snake just be its head, out of mid-air, out of mid-strike. Impossible! The snake twists in Darren's hand. The students are blown away. Steve's eyes narrow, his wheels are turning. The BELL RINGS. Moment over. Kids hurry out to class.    
29) 15) text: What happened to the spider? DARREN
29) 16) text: I killed it. Steve hesitates, processes, looks Darren over. STEVE
29) 17) text: I had a dream. You and Crepsley were in my hospital room... DARREN
29) 18) text: Tell me about it later. Darren starts away. Steve grabs him hard, spins him aroun STEVE
29) 19) text: I'll tell you now. Darren reacts instinctively, grabs Steve with his free ha and SLAMS him against the wall. Steve's nearly off the ground, only his left toe touching. DARREN
29) 20) text: I said later. Darren lets go, heads off. Steve watches, wonders. CUT TO:
30) 0) text: Darren walks home, hands in pockets. Annie comes up behin ANNIE
30) 1) text: Darren! Wait up! He looks over his shoulder, keep going. ANNIE
30) 2) text: Can I walk home with you? He softens, slows down. After a few silent steps. DARREN
30) 3) text: Got you something. Darren pulls the MOUSE from his pocket. Annie loves it, c it in her hand.    
30) 5) text: He's adorable. ANNIE &amp; DARREN - A CREATURE'S POV Coming in low and fast. STREET
30) 6) text: Annie SCREAMS as a GERMAN SHEPHERD charges, stops just sh of them. GROWLING like it was rabid. Like it hates Darren Darren steps between it and Annie. Darren's pupils dilate oddly; he curls his lip to show his own teeth. The dog starts to back off.. ANNIE
30) 7) text: Hey. That's King. DARREN
30) 9) text: That's King, Darren. It is. Darren realizes it is King. As Darren realizes something' wrong with Darren.. Another growl. From down the street. Darren looks back as a black 1966 LINCOLN prowls through intersection. The one seen at school. It slows, windows blacked out. As it continues, disappears from view... DARREN
30) 10) text: Come on. As Darren hurries Annie along down the street... CUT TO:
31) 0) text: Darren at the kitchen table doing his math homework. His makes dinner, chopping vegetables at the sink. MOM
31) 1) text: How was school today? DARREN
31) 2) text: The usual. Sometimes it was boring, sometimes really boring. Darren's mom laughs. Then...    
31) 4) text: Ouch! She drops the knife on the cutting board. A thick drop of BLOOD runs down her finger. Darren flinches at the sight and in that moment we PUNCH his eyes. The PUPILS swirl red; the IRISES flatten and narrow. A dark, ravenous look.
31) 6) text: Standing at the blood's seeming siren call. But as he suddenly moves forward, she turns away. Darren stops as she wraps her finger in a paper towel. Sh looks back at him: misunderstands his hunger for concern. MOM
31) 7) text: It's okay, honey. I just need a band-aid. Darren looks at his mom's neck. His eyes zero in on a lit blue VEIN PULSING away. She leaves the room to get a band aid. As Darren's horror sinks in... CUT TO:
32) 0) text: Darren looks at his reflection in the MIRROR. Looking for reassurance. He curls his lip, checks his teeth. They loo normal. He reaches out. Trying to reach himself. His hand comes to a stop against the glass. His nails CLI hard against the surface. He scrapes the nail of his forefinger along the glass. It leaves a deep scratch. Darren starts to freak a little. His breath getting ragge He tries to get a hold of himself, looks back in the mirr DARREN
33) 0) text: Darren walks down an aisle, climbs up onto the empty stag Dark, but Darren moves calmly, like it was noon. DARREN
33) 1) text: Hello? Hey! Crepsley appears. Darren turns, sees him. A beat. Crepsle raises his hands to the gloom around them. CREPSLEY
33) 2) text: The darkness isn't so scary anymore, is it? DARREN
33) 3) text: I'm starting to think it's me that's scary. Crepsley waits to hear more. DARREN
33) 4) text: It's only gonna get worse, isn't it? There's no way back, is there? No magic potion to make me human again? Crepsley shakes his head. Darren nods that he understands DARREN
33) 6) text: It's neither here nor there, but, I do feel sorry for you. Darren waves it off, doesn't want to hear it. CREPSLEY
33) 7) text: Are you ready then? The night is young. We can make many miles. DARREN
33) 8) text: I can't just -- My family, I can't let them think I just left them. Or that something happened to me. My mother would... She couldn't... As Darren trails off, Crepsley really does look sympathet CREPSLEY
34) 0) text: Darren's parents watching CNN. Darren comes in. DARREN
34) 1) text: I'm going to bed. They say 'good night' to him. Impulsively, Darren kisses dad on the cheek, then does the same to his mom. DARREN
34) 2) text: I love you both. I don't say it that much, but I do. Darren's Mom is caught off guard, but happy to hear it. MOM
34) 4) text: Of course we do. Darren looks at them a beat, then smiles, satisfied. DARREN
35) 0) text: Annie asleep already. Darren enters, pulls his sister's blanket up, tucks it under her chin. He whispers: DARREN
36) 0) text: Darren enters to find Crepsley sitting at his desk. He ho a small dark bottle between his fingers (different than t one he gave to Steve). As Crepsley's about to speak... DARREN
36) 1) text: Shut up. Off Crepsley's reaction... DARREN
36) 2) text: This is my home and I'm never gonna see it again, so don't rush me. Crepsley makes a motion to zip his lips. All the same, he stands, unscrews the bottle as Darren takes a last look around. He takes a PHOTO of his family off the dresser. DARREN
36) 3) text: Hold onto this for me, okay? Crepsley takes the photo, offers Darren the bottle in ret Darren sniffs, recoils at the foul smell. DARREN
36) 5) text: Your heart will slow down so drastically they won't find a pulse. With the fall from the window, they'll think you're dead. DARREN
36) 7) text: Even better. They'll mend in a few days. Vampires don't stay broken for long and it takes a very long fall to kill one. DARREN
36) 12) text: You have a new job now. Drink. Darren steels himself, gulps it down, hands the bottle ba DARREN
36) 13) text: So this is destiny, huh? Tastes like crap. Darren body seizes up. He lets go, but Crepsley grabs him CREPSLEY
36) 14) text: Your breathing is slowing, your heart as well. Do you feel it? Darren can't answer. He blinks his eyes 'yes' instead. CREPSLEY
36) 15) text: You may be aware of what's going on around you. Remember, the grief that you hear will be a release for those who express it. Darren's eyes drift shut. Crepsley lets him go. CUT TO:
37) 0) text: Darren FALLS, crashes through the trellis and thumps into lawn. Crepsley looks down from the window, then disappear CLOSE ON Darren lying face down in the grass. CRICKETS chirp. Beyond, a NEIGHBOR walks his DOG. The dog suddenly turns in the direction of Darren, pulls on its leash. NEIGHBOR
37) 2) text: Hey -- Hey, kid -- He rolls Darren over, realizes something is very wrong.    
37) 4) text: Darren? Darren! A moment later his Mom... MOM
37) 5) text: Darren! Oh my God! We're still on Darren's face, his eye open a slit. DARREN'S POV
38) 0) text: Darren's body on a stainless steel table. The MEDICAL EXAMINER shakes his head sadly, looks to his ASSISTANT. MEDICAL EXAMINER
39) 0) text: Darren in his coffin, wearing a suit. Aware as... Friends and family passing by. The sounds of people cryin TWO CUTE GIRLS from school lean in. GIRL ONE
39) 4) text: I love you, Darren. You said it the other night; I didn't say it back. CUT TO:
40) 3) text: Steve holds Darren's eye open, shines a PENLIGHT into it. The pupil doesn't dilate. Footsteps approach. Steve switches it off, pockets it as the FUNERAL DIRECTOR enter    
40) 5) text: I'm sorry. I know it's difficult, but visiting hours are over. Steve nods sadly, looks to Darren. He pats one of Darren' hands which are folded across his chest. In reality Steve checks Darren's fingertips. A WHITE SCAR the end of each one. Steve's crazy idea may be confirmed. CUT TO:
41) 0) text: Darren's coffin is lowered into the ground. MINISTER
41) 1) text: Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, in sure and certain hope of the resurrection to come... Darren's Dad tosses a handful of earth down onto the coff CUT TO:
41) 2) text: The lid an inch from his face. His eyelid twitching as we hear shovelfuls of dirt hit the lid. The sound growing duller at each turn. Then, as Darren's eye flickers open. CUT TO:
42) 0) text: Moonless. The sound of digging continues. Only now, dirt coming out of the hole rather than going in. Crepsley is digging the coffin back up. Effortlessly. Finally, he spreads his feet apart, pulls open the lid. Darren sputters as some of the dirt spills onto his face. Crepsley reaches down, pulls him up and out of the grave. Darren sits on the ground, coughing then moaning. CREPSLEY
42) 1) text: On your feet. DARREN
42) 7) text: (smiles; closing in) Vampire hunting. Steve rushes the last step, a jagged WOODEN STAKE held hi over his head. He knocks Darren back on the ground. Pouncing on top, he brings down the stake. Darren catches hold of Steve's wrist. Stops the point of stake just over his heart. Steve puts his weight into it. desperate moment of struggle, but Darren's strength is resurgent. He throws Steve off. Steve rolls to his feet, comes at him again. Darren catch his wrist with one hand, his throat with the other. He sl him up against the mausoleum, holds him there. DARREN
42) 9) text: Yeah, I wanted to, but you did. You stole my dream. You stole my destiny. DARREN
42) 12) text: Liar. You told him I was evil. You planned this all along. And you'll pay! You'll pay -- Darren jams the stake under Steve's throat. That stops hi struggling. The points jabs him as he swallows. DARREN
42) 13) text: I want you to leave... Steve is just beginning to realize how strong Darren is n DARREN
42) 14) text: I want you to leave and forget you ever saw me. Understand? Scared, he nods. Darren shoves him away, brakes the stake two. Steve heads away, looks back over his shoulder. STEVE
42) 15) text: I'm going to hunt you, Darren. You and the other one. Crepsley. I'll put a stake in you and burn you to ashes. I'll make sure you never come back from the grave again. WHAM. Steve walks right into Crepsley. He picks Steve up the shoulders, pulls him close. With a voice like Death.. CREPSLEY
42) 16) text: If we ever meet again, I will show you loneliness you cannot imagine. Steve trembles in fear. Crepsley lets go. Steve takes off running. Crepsley looks to Darren. CREPSLEY
42) 17) text: Do you still question his blood? Darrenthoughtful, doesn't know what to think. DARREN
42) 21) text: He'll be trouble before it's over. DARREN
42) 23) text: This adventure we're on. Shall we start? Darren hesitates, looks to the twinkling lights of his ci CREPSLEY
42) 24) text: You'll get used to it after awhile. Vampires are always saying goodbye. A beat, then Darren looks back at him. DARREN
44) 0) text: Darren jams a rolled towel along the bottom of a closed d DARREN
44) 2) text: (on the other side) Better. DARREN
44) 6) text: Maybe I'll wait until noon and then open every door and curtain in the place. A long tense silence as Darren awaits Crepsley's reply. MOTEL BEDROOM
45) 0) text: Darren watching the cars go by on the highway, spots... DARREN
45) 1) text: Minnesota... Darren jots this state down on a LIST he's keeping. About twenty state license plates so far. CUT TO:    
46) 0) text: A TV droning. Darren asleep. Bathed in a golden glow that flickers out as the sun sets. The bedroom door opens. Crepsley steps over, looks down at his snoozing assistant Crepsley CLAPS his hands together, nearly against Darren' ear. Crepsley smiles as Darren jolts awake. CUT TO:
47) 0) text: Getting late, stores closing. The parking lot nearly empt Darren and Crepsley are on a walk and talk. CREPSLEY
47) 1) text: We can die violently. Accidentally or otherwise. But we also grow old. A full vampire will age one year for every ten human years he's alive. A half-vampire like you: one for every five. DARREN
47) 3) text: I was born in 1774. I became -- Crepsley looks back to where Darren has stopped short. DARREN
47) 5) text: Should we do the math or not? Darren nods. Crepsley motions him to keep up. CREPSLEY
47) 6) text: I became a vampire when I was 20 years old. In 1794. DARREN
47) 10) text: Math. 1794. So I've been a vampire now for 211 years. Hmm? Darren nods again, still with him. CREPSLEY
47) 11) text: I age 1 year for every 10, so, 211 divided by 10, I've aged about 21 years in that time. That 21 plus my first human 20 makes me look about 40. DARREN
47) 13) text: Exactly. You're going to be a teenager for a very long time. They walk on a few steps as Darren thinks this over. DARREN
47) 15) text: What car? DARREN
47) 17) text: I've never owned a car, Darren. I don't need one. DARREN
47) 19) text: And you saw me behind the wheel? DARREN
47) 21) text: It wasn't me. As Darren considers this, Crepsley stops suddenly.    
47) 23) text: There... Ahead: just more parking lot. A WOMAN exiting a BOOKSTORE DARREN
48) 1) text: Yes? Only nobody's there. She shrugs it off, closes the back door. But hesitates at the driver's side door. Then she starts walking away, toward a back area of loading docks. CUT TO: DARREN &amp; CREPSLEY
48) 2) text: Watch from a dumpster by the loading dock. She walks righ toward them. One look at Crepsley's face and we know he m be willing her over. Darren looks terrified. But the air shimmers and Crepsley has disappeared. The woman steps up, stops across from Darren. As she frow tries to figure out who he is and how she got here... DARREN
48) 3) text: Go. Run. But Crepsley appears beside her. He 'breathes' into his hand, 'guides' the air into her face. He catches her as s passes out. Darren is horrified. DARREN
48) 8) text: No. She'd have to share y blood for that to happen. DARREN
48) 11) text: The hunger inside us must be fed to be controlled. To be civilized. It's what separates us from... the others. DARREN
48) 12) text: What others? But as blood oozes, he takes the woman's wrist td his mou Darren is repulsed, but can't look away. Crepsley takes a few deep swallows, then holds the wrist out to Darren. CREPSLEY
48) 13) text: Your turn. DARREN
48) 15) text: Darren... DARREN
48) 17) text: You can lead a vampire to blood, but you can't make him drink. DARREN
48) 20) text: No matter, you need blood to live now. You'll drink eventually. When you're hungry enough. The wrist is clean, the cut gone. A barely perceptible sc DARREN
48) 22) text: Don't be stupid. You may abstain tonight, but you must feed soon. Crepsley stands to go, then stops short. Tense, he looks about, more hunted animal than man. As he shrugs it off. DARREN
48) 24) text: Nothing. Let's go. DARREN
48) 26) text: The thought of spending another minute with you. Crepsley turns and walks, but Darren's right. CUT TO:
49) 0) text: The WAITRESS sets a juicy BURGER down across from Darren. Crepsley sits across from him. CREPSLEY
49) 1) text: We still need to eat food, too. I just don't need it tonight. Darren just sits there. Silently as tears begin to run do his cheeks. Crepsley is exasperated. CREPSLEY
49) 6) text: I'm sorry. It was wrong of me to blood you. You're too young. But it's done. Like the entire history of the world up to this moment. Darren quietly cries. Crepsley pulls two paper napkins fr the dispenser, hands them to him. DARREN
49) 7) text: Thank you. Darren turns to face the window as he wipes his eyes, nos Then he sees it: parked across and down the street... A black 1966 Lincoln Continental. Darren looks back at Crepsley. CREPSLEY (RE: HAMBURGER)
49) 8) text: Eat. Let's not waste anymore food tonight. DARREN
49) 9) text: The car... Crepsley follows the finger as Darren points. DING DING! The bell over the diner door rings...
49) 10) dialog: As he looks back over his shoulder at the door. DARREN'S POV
49) 12) text: Darren knows trouble when he sees it. He looks back at Crepsley, but the vampire is gone! Vanished.    
49) 15) text: Darren Shan, we meet at last. Darren just looks up at him. The guy is practically leaki nastiness no matter how avuncular he tries to be.
50) 0) text: Darren and Mr. Tiny reappear in the booth, but the restaurant's patrons are slowed to near motionlessness.A battle royal going on. Crepsley fighting three VAMPANEZE. All three are sinewy, whipcords with blotchy purple skin. Crepsley stands surrounded in the middle of the restauran Whirling, hand fighting. Blocking their thrusts and blows Darren moves to stand. Mr. Tiny pushes him back to his se Crepsley takes one down with a violent leg whip. He drive the second one back into the third knocking both back. A look to Darren and then he's back on LEG WHIP who's get to his feet. Crepsley drives his flat hand forward, his nails tearing into the vampaneze's throat. As leg whip's hand instinctively goes to his throat to st the blood, Crepsley grabs his free hand, sends him airbor CUT TO:
52) 0) text: The patrons near frozen again. Leg whip sliding ever so slowly down the wall. Crepsley and Sinewy One &amp; Two F at full speed. Sinewy One pulls Crepsley's arm up behind his back. Creps HOWLING as we hear the bone BREAK. Mr. Tiny grabs Darren by the wrist, pulls him toward the door. Behind them... Crepsley drives the back of his head into Sinewy One's fa at the same time as Sinewy Two swings in his open palm... Sinewy One releases Crepsley who disappears as Sinewy Two slices open Sinewy One's throat. As Mr. Tiny pulls Darren out the door... CUT TO:    
54) 0) text: Darren struggles as Mr. Tiny pulls him along. Behind, through the diner windows, WE SEE Patrons frozen in fligh Sinewy Two near frozen in fight with Crepsley who is in m swing with the knife in his head. Mr. Tiny and Darren stop across from YOUNG MURLOUGH. Humanoid in shape, monstrous in visage. Bloated, his skin albino white with purplish mottling and red crisscrossing veins. He must weigh 300 pounds, but NFL nose tackle styl MURLOUGH
54) 1) text: Smell the blood. The lovely blood. His eyes narrow at the sight of Crepsley, his mouth widen to show two rows of sharp filthy teeth. Darren needs to do something. He eyes the watch in Mr. Tiny's hand. He grabs it with his free hand, thumbs back the winding knob. As Murlough disappears from view... The WINDOW EXPLODES as Sinewy Two hurtles out. Darren tosses the watch high in the air. Mr. Tiny release him to move to catch it. Darren rushes back toward the restaurant. Mr. Tiny catches his watch. Crepsley meets Darren. Crepsley's broken arm hangs useles from his side. Murlough appears alongside. He grabs Crepsley by the thro lifts him off the ground. Crepsley arcs the knife into Murlough's shoulder. Murlough staggers, lets go.    
55) 0) text: Beyond the hamburger joint. The world beginning to streak past them. The asphalt begins to blur beneath their feet, passing cars like they were standing still. But Crepsley heaves for breath. In pain. Darren looks back over his shoulder... DARREN'S POV
55) 1) text: Murlough follows. Closing ground. DARREN &amp; CREPSLEY DARREN
56) 0) text: Darren and Crepsley appear on the far side of the crossin Murlough comes out of flit in the center. WHAM! The headlights Crepsley saw frozen, but coming from the blind corner, become a PICK-UP - broadsiding Murlough He goes up over the hood, SMASHES against the windshield. As Darren and Murlough disappear again...    
58) 0) text: Boarded up. Abandoned. Clutching his arm, Mr. Crepsley kicks at the door, splinters it. Opens"a gap. Darren reaches through, unlocks it. As they step inside, the fir rays of the sun appear through the trees. CUT TO:
60) 0) text: Darren drags a CARPET over the root cellar door in the fl ROOT CELLAR
60) 7) text: No. The one with the watch was Mr. Tiny. Very dangerous. DARREN
60) 9) text: Who said he was a man? DARREN
60) 11) text: Mr. Tiny can't be explained. He needs to be experienced. DARREN (FRUSTRATED)
60) 13) text: A vampaneze. DARREN
60) 15) text: Long ago humans were looked upon as animals by some vampires. Cattle to be slaughtered. Laws were passed to forbid needless killing. It made it easier to pass unnoticed among humans if we didn't murder them. Most vampires obeyed... DARREN
60) 18) text: Seventy vampires broke away, declared themselves a separate race. The Vampaneze. Over time their appearance changed, their numbers grew. They believe it's wrong to feed from a human without killing it. DARREN
60) 22) text: Will you be alright while I sleep? Darren looks around at the dilapidated crap heap he's in. he tries to hold his heart together... DARREN
60) 24) text: What do you think of rejoining the Cirque du Freak? Until you get on your vampire feet so to speak. DARREN
60) 26) text: Yes, yes. Three-eighths if you want. What do you think? As Darren thinks... CUT TO:    
62) 0) text: As Darren and Evra make their way through. EVRA
62) 1) text: What do you do? Me? I'm a snake boy. I do a whole snake thing. Evra goes into a slithery snake walk for a few steps to illustrate. It's strange. Funny. Evra looks back over. DARREN
62) 3) text: Big Macs actually. They share a LAUGH. Evra 'high fives' Darren. Fast friend    
62) 6) text: Thanks. I'm not doing it tonight. My snake caught a cold. DARREN
62) 8) text: Still gotta work the floor though. Ushers. We get the seats filled. They pass PEOPLE all hurriedly crossing the camp. DARREN
62) 10) text: The backbone of Cirque du Freak. They do the driving, the tent pitching, the potato peeling even. DARREN
62) 12) text: Most wandered in. If Mr. Tall likes them, they stay. Darren's eye is caught by the WOLFMAN. He's being pushed toward the factory building by several of the blue-robed LITTLE PEOPLE. The wolfman's yellow eyes are on Darren as rumbles a low, guttural growl. Darren is so taken that he almost walks into... Madam Truska. He stops short. In costume, beardless, even more beautiful than when we first saw her. She considers Darren, uses a finger to raise his chin. She shakes her head, smiles. As she continues... CUT TO:    
63) 1) text: About the same age as Darren and Evra, they're here for t show. Debbie is self-assured. Sam is sarcastic to cover h insecurities. Right now it's hard to find a seat. And here are Darren and Evra. Evra looking cool in his gr sharkskin, Darren still wearing his burial suit. EVRA
63) 5) text: You guys are with the Cirque? Darren nods. Sam's a little sarcastic and skeptical. SAM
63) 9) text: Evra Von. She looks at Darren, waiting.    
63) 11) text: Oh, I'm Darren. DEBBIE
63) 12) text: Is the show great? Say yes. We had to sneak out to see it. DARREN
63) 14) text: Good one, Darren. Hey. Debbie and Darren. Like Bonnie and Clyde. And their friend Evra Von what? That breaks the moment. Debbie starts climbing the re-bar Sam looks Darren over a beat, picks a thread off his lape SAM
63) 15) text: Dude, it looks like the kind of suit you'd wear to a funeral. DARREN
63) 16) text: You have no idea... Evra smiles, sticks out his tongue. Pointy, narrow, Evra sends it up his own nostril. Sam tries to smile, then sta up after Debbie. Freaked out. As Darren and Evra laugh... CUT TO:
64) 2) text: Darren and Evra watch from the back, whisper to each othe DARREN
64) 7) text: I was raised in a circus, but not a nice one like this. The owner used to beat me and keep me in a glass cage. I felt like a useless freak. One night I looked out of my cage and saw Mr. Tall just standing there. He watched me until the owner came over and asked if he could help him. Mr. Tall grabbed him by the throat and strangled him to death. Then he opened the cage and said, "Let's go, Evra." He named me that. I added the Von. I've been with him ever since. Darren looks back at Mr. Tall with a new set of eyes. CREPSLEY'S VOICE
64) 8) text: Darren... Darren turns. Crepsley's back there in the shadows. CREPSLEY
65) 1) text: To be poisoned by a spider may be my fate. It's Darren's cue. Looking appropriate in his burial suit he walks out carrying Madam Octa's cage at arm's length. DEBBIE &amp; SAM
65) 2) text: As she realizes it's Darren. Cool. STAGE
65) 3) text: Darren sees Debbie who gives a little wave. As he smiles. CREPSLEY
66) 1) text: Blazing in the Cirque campgrounds. The freaks are eating, drinking wine, relaxing after the show. Like a gypsy camp Mr. Tall sits with his long legs up on a box, really enjo watching everyone else enjoy themselves. Evra munches on a sausage he grills on the end of a stick Darren is all ears and eyes. He likes these people. And he's certainly never experienced anything like this. Someone starts to play a guitar, someone else beats a dru Madam Truska starts to dance, the fire flickering against as are all eyes. Then she reaches out, takes Crepsley by hand. A few moments later, the two of them are engaged in mad TANGO. It takes the camp's collective breath away. Even Darren can't help but enjoy it. Crepsley's arm gives him a twinge or two, but only Truska notices. CUT TO:
67) 0) text: A mattress on the floor inside. Using tape and cardboard, Darren 'blacks out' the windows. Crepsley steps over. DARREN
67) 2) text: Darren... (Darren looks over) (MORE)    
67) 4) text: I'm not going to sleep here. We'll find a nook in the factory. Crepsley starts off. Darren starts to follow. CRESPLEY
67) 5) text: Mattress. Darren sighs, goes back to the van to retrieve the mattre He starts to pull it out, then stops, nearly doubled over Concerned, Crepsley steps over. Darren waves him off, straightens as whatever it was passes. DARREN
67) 7) text: You need blood. Darren gives him a dirty look, grabs the mattress. They start walking toward the factory. CUT TO:
68) 0) text: The SHADOWS of a loading dock. Crepsley and Darren approa DARREN
68) 1) text: You think Mr. Tiny might come? Crepsley shrugs, doesn't answer. DARREN
68) 3) text: What we want is who we are, don't you think? DARREN
68) 5) text: You won't learn by me telling you. You must live some things to know what they are. Darren sighs in deep frustration. Crepsley has a thought. CREPSLEY
68) 8) text: Did you ever think there was a particular reason? It seems Crepsley knows the answer even if Darren doesn't DARREN
68) 10) text: That's the trouble with children. They don't think about things. DARREN
68) 12) text: Are you a man? If you're not a man, you're a child. DARREN
68) 14) text: In between does not exist! The words echo a moment. Darren no closer to understandin CREPSLEY
68) 21) text: Decades now. They embrace. Darren's trying to catch up. DARREN
68) 23) text: I suppose. We once shared a coffin together. For six months. DARREN (SARCASTIC)
68) 25) text: We were being hunted. DARREN
68) 27) text: Never mind. Darren, Gavner Purl. Gavner extends his hand to shake. Darren sees'the scars o Gavner Purl's fingertips. Darren raises his own hand so Gavner can see his scars. Gavner looks at Crepsley. GAVNER PURL
68) 36) text: Self-exiled. And I at least am owed an answer. There's a personal history being called upon here. Crepsl is well aware. Darren again is left out. CREPSLEY
68) 37) text: All I care to say is a boy sought me out, knew who I was. He asked me to make him my assistant. Gavner looks to Darren, suspicious. GAVNER PURL
68) 39) text: It wasn't Darren. Another boy. His blood was bad. I should have killed him, but I didn't. Darren reacts. Gavner considers it all. CREPSLEY
68) 40) text: I met Darren shortly after. His blood was good or I certainly would have killed him. Darren reacts again. GAVNER PURL
68) 46) text: Perhaps you chose the wrong boy. In Mr. Tiny's eyes. A moment as they consider the unspoken implications. DARREN
69) 0) text: Darren and Gavner Purl walk. Gavner looks him over. GAVNER PURL
69) 1) text: You look sick. Doesn't Larten feed you? DARREN
69) 3) text: Why? DARREN
69) 4) text: You'll get insulted. As Gavner waits for Darren to tell him... DARREN
69) 6) text: The only thing drinking blood will do to you is keep you alive. DARREN
69) 7) text: That's how it would start. I would swear it was just to stay alive. But what'll I turn into? You're on one side of the fence or the other. My father used to say that and now I know what he meant. The 'father part' chokes Darren up a bit.    
69) 9) text: You've already turned, Darren. You need to accept what you've already become. There's no going back. They walk in silence a moment. Then: DARREN
69) 11) text: He was tired of all the killing. We were at war. DARREN
69) 13) text: Crepsley was once a Vampire General. One of our great leaders. He may seem reluctant, but I assure you, no one is as skilled at killing vampaneze than Crepsley is. I think that's why they'd like to get him out of the way. Kill him off before the new war starts. DARREN
69) 15) text: I was his assistant. He blooded me, as he blooded you. There's almost something comforting in this news. Gavner Purl so proud and strong looking. Darren wants to know... DARREN
69) 17) text: To teach me to kill vampaneze. Up until now, it's the only reason he ever chooses anyone. DARREN
69) 20) text: That's for Crepsley to say. Not me. Another brick wall, but Darren accepts it. GAVNER PURL
69) 21) text: Do you know what the biggest danger is to a vampire, Darren? DARREN
69) 23) text: No. It's that they live so long they no longer care. Everything they love is left behind until they finally have nothing left to live for. Except death. The fact that he's taken an apprentice seems, to me, a good sign. A sign that he's thinking of living not dying. DARREN
69) 24) text: Lucky for me. Glad I could help. All the same Darren considers what he's heard. Gavner, meanwhile, considers the open countryside ahead. GAVNER PURL
69) 25) text: A clear run. Good. Gavner gives Darren one last appraising look. GAVNER PURL
69) 26) text: Stay by him, Darren. Stay by him. Gavner takes a deep breath. The air around him shimmers, image bouncing in and out of phase like an electron heati up. And then he's gone. DARREN
70) 0) text: High in the noon sky. PAN DOWN to where Darren stands und a tree by the old van. He concentrates, looks himself ove Nothing. He concentrates again. He's trying to flit.    
70) 2) text: What's up? DARREN
70) 4) text: It's smells like burnt hair. DARREN
70) 7) text: Debbie and Sam ducking inside the factory. DARREN &amp; EVRA
71) 0) text: Where the show was the night before. Light streams down f gaps in the decrepit roof. No sight of Debbie and Sam as Darren and Evra make their way in.- They pause at a CREAK coming from somewhere overhead. As they move... CUT TO:
72) 0) text: Darren and Evra come off a rickety staircase, pass throug half-rotted door. There are holes in the roof overhead an huge gaps on the floor where the boards have fallen throu They see Sam, his back to them, staring out a smashed win EVRA
72) 4) text: You should see the look on your faces. But Evra and Darren are not laughing. EVRA
72) 6) text: We could ask you the same thing. We come here all the time. My grandfather used to work here. DARREN
72) 11) text: Are you guys on your own? Just traveling. No parents or nothing? DARREN
72) 16) text: You're the luckiest guys on earth. Wanna switch places? DARREN
72) 22) text: Wow. Has it always been this way? DARREN
72) 26) text: You could say you're dermatologically challenged. They all LAUGH. Debbie considers Evra a beat, then Darren DEBBIE
72) 27) text: What about you, Darren? How are you different?    
72) 29) text: I get scared easy. Darren looks up toward the rafters. From where she droppe DARREN
73) 0) text: A spot where the roofing is gone, several long RAFTERS stretch out. Darren, Evra and Sam watch Debbie walk out o one. Like a balance beam. The factory floor 70 feet below EVRA
73) 2) text: Don't worry. She's like a gymnast. Debbie moves slowly at first, her arms stretched out for balance. Then she does a hop, a skip. Darren and Evra gas She gets to the other side, turns and bows. DARREN
73) 4) text: How about you? DARREN
73) 6) text: But it'd be easier for you than me. DARREN
73) 8) text: Because chickens have wings. She starts chicken CLUCKING. Mad, Darren steps onto a rafter, starts across. He stops in the middle, spins arou Aided immeasurably by his half-vampire skills.    
73) 10) text: The vertigo angle as Debbie walks back out on her rafter. Stops about 4-feet across from Darren. DARREN &amp; DEBBIE
73) 11) text: Darren crosses his arms across his chest. No big deal. DEBBIE
73) 12) text: Let's play mirrors. DARREN
73) 14) text: I do something and you have to copy me. Like this. Debbie crosses her arms the same way Darren has. He uncrosses them as he realizes. Debbie reaches down, touches her toes. Darren sighs, then does the same, gets a good look at the floor below. Debbie takes one foot off the rafter, takes hold of the t of it with one hand, raising the other arm out for balanc Looks like a ballerina. Evra doesn't like this daredevil stuff. EVRA
73) 15) text: Come on, guys... Darren hesitates. Not because he won't do it, but because maybe for the first time in his life, he's really fascina by a girl. Debbie misreads, starts CLUCKING again. Darren smiles, repeats her move effortlessly. Without warning, Debbie leaps the gap, lands on the rafte alongside Darren. As she struggles a bit for balance, Dar reaches out and steadies her. As they come face to face. DEBBIE
73) 16) text: There definitely something different about you. I just can't figure it out. DARREN
73) 19) text: He's my cousin. DARREN
73) 20) text: Oh... A funny, awkward beat out on the rafter. Finally... DARREN
73) 21) text: We should get off this. She nods, a bit smitten. Darren turns. As they start off. DARREN
73) 22) text: Chalk it up to lack of blood, but everything starts spinn DARREN'S POV
73) 24) text: Darren legs go out and he falls off. As Debbie screams... Darren CATCHES HOLD of the rafter just as he drops past i DEBBIE
73) 27) text: Thanks for the heads up... Bro. DARREN
73) 28) text: (shakes it off) It's okay. I'm okay. Darren swings up a leg, hooks it over the rafter. A beat he's back on top. Debbie relieved. Evra backs up the way came and in a few seconds they're all safely off the raft DEBBIE
73) 29) text: I don't know how you hung on. I couldn't have. DARREN
73) 32) text: Maybe you need to eat something. Darren looks at her. She has no idea. EVRA
73) 33) text: Well, the food's down on ground level. Let's get out of here. Sam and Debbie start off, Darren and Evra following. As S and Debbie start down a ladder, Darren hangs back a beat. DARREN
73) 35) text: I like her. She asks a lot of questions though. DARREN
73) 37) text: There's no such thing as 'just' with a girl. DARREN
75) 0) text: Darren walks along, flashlight in hand. Going somewhere. suddenly stops, listens, not sure if he heard something. following FOOTSTEP? MOVE WITH Darren as he continues. As he passes through a doorway, he ducks around the corner. Waits a few beats. Then he leaps out to see who's following. No one's there. Shaking his head, he continues on. CUT TO:    
76) 0) text: Darren knocks on a door, waits a beat before it opens and Crepsley emerges from his sleeping place. CREPSLEY
76) 1) text: Good morning, Darren. DARREN
77) 0) text: Bustling with activity. Nearly show time. Crepsley stands by an open tent flap watching Darren cross camp. Not well DARREN
77) 2) text: Hey, Darren. Hi... Darren's happy to see them. DARREN
77) 4) text: Of course. Evra's doing his snake act tonight. DARREN
77) 6) text: And you... Darren smiles shyly at that. SAM
77) 7) text: I was hoping for Amanda Bynes. Darren sees Crepsley watching him from the tent. DARREN
77) 14) text: Darren joins Crepsley, a little unsteady. CREPSLEY
77) 15) text: Look at you. You can barely stand. DARREN
77) 17) text: You need to feed. You need blood.. DARREN
77) 18) text: No! I won't let you hunt some poor person down for me. I -- Crepsley grabs hold of Darren, hauls him into... THE TENT
77) 20) text: No need to hunt. There's someone here willing to save you. From the shadows: Madam Truska. Startlingly beautiful. Sh steps up. Eyes on Darren, she offers Crepsley her wrist. MADAM TRUSKA
77) 21) text: By my own free will, Darren Shan. As Crepsley's fingernail hovers, ready to open a vein. Darren shakes his head. 'No'.    
77) 23) text: Drink or you'll die. DARREN
77) 25) text: You're not! And you'll be nothing! Darren stands there as noble and sad as a boy could be. DARREN
78) 0) text: People in their seats or taking them. Darren is back in h role as usher. He seats two people, wipes at the sweat beading on his forehead. He's getting sicker. He sees Debbie. She and Sam are already seated across the way. She smiles, waves. Darren forces a smile,, waves bac Looking for more patrons, Darren nearly walks into... A FIGURE. A hat pulled down obscures his face. VOICE
78) 1) text: An usher in the house of usher. And I can't seem to find a seat. Darren frowns at the odd voice, but leads down the aisle. DARREN
78) 2) text: This way. Darren brings him down to a handful of seats. The figure looks up from under the brim of his hat. It's Mr. Tiny.
78) 4) text: I don't think so. As Darren moves to go, Mr. Tiny clamps a hand around his wrist. Like iron. He sits, pulling Darren down beside him    
78) 10) text: Hey, Darren. Darren looks up to see Debbie and Sam. Oh no... DEBBIE
78) 14) text: Choosing sides can only lead to trouble. Never, ever choose sides unless it's your own. DARREN
78) 33) text: He was great! As she looks back to the stage someone sits on Darren's o side. Collar pulled up, head wrapped in a scarf. Murlough MURLOUGH
78) 34) text: (low; re: Debbie) Is it Dar-wren's girlfriend? DARREN
78) 35) text: Forget about her -- Murlough takes hold of Darren's other wrist. Still low: MURLOUGH
78) 36) text: She has plenty of lovely blood inside. Inside, outside, hmmm? Darren struggles. Murlough pulls him close, HISSES in his ear, flashing those filthy teeth. MURLOUGH
78) 44) text: Shimmers, phases into flit mode. Disappears. DARREN
78) 45) text: Crepsley! Look out! The audience LAUGHS. Like Darren's worried about Madam Oc Debbie looks back, knows something is wrong. Sees Mr. Tin hand around Darren's wrist. STAGE
78) 46) text: As Murlough 'appears' alongside Crepsley. Madam Octa's cage drops to the stage as Murlough knocks Crepsley fifteen feet through the air. He lands flat on h back. The audience CHEER! Think it's part of the show. Murlough reaches into his jacket, produces a razor-sharp KNIFE in either hand. Crepsley pops to his feet. As his own single BLADE 'switches' to life in his hand... DARREN &amp; MR. TINY As Darren struggles, Mr. Tiny switches his grip to the ba of the boy's neck. That holds him.    
78) 50) text: Murlough swings back wildly. Crepsley catches the blade i Murlough's left hand with the one in his right. Crepsley catches Murlough's left wrist, the second blade dangerously close to retracing the scar on Crepsley's fac Crepsley throws himself back, sending Murlough head over heels across the stage and SLAMMING into a concrete wall. DARREN
78) 52) text: Murlough rolls to his feet, charges. It's brute force ver style. But as Crepsley moves to sidestep, Murlough's not brutish after all. He matches the move -- Buries one of his knives into Crepsley's stomach. Crepsle reacts, frozen in shock. DARREN &amp; MR. TINY The audience around them unsure. Many shocked. It's part the show, right? Darren sees Murlough raise the other kni to finish Crepsley off. Darren trembling, phasing. And Mr. Tiny's holding nothing but air. Darren is gone.
78) 55) text: Darren reappears, leaps onto Murlough's back, knocks him target. As Murlough staggers right, Crepsley staggers lef Murlough regroups, charges after him. Badly hurt, stumbli Crepsley falls off the edge of the stage. Disappears. ROARING, Murlough grabs Darren. They disappear as well.
79) 0) text: Murlough with Darren in tow, looking high and low for Crepsley. Moving past the barely moving Mr. Tall and Evra
80) 0) text: The old power plant. Pipes and catwalks. Murlough and Darren here. A chain hangs from the ceiling. Murlough lif Darren, wraps it around his ankle. Hangs Darren upside do MURLOUGH
80) 8) text: Crepsley will come for his assistant. DARREN
80) 10) text: Murlough has an assistant, too. A smart one, smarter than you. As Murlough says this, Darren looks past as stepping up, grinning, is Murlough's assistant. DARREN
80) 11) text: Steve? Steve! Steve holds up his hands so Darren can see the WHI SCAR on the tip of each finger. He gets closer. STEVE
80) 12) text: Mr. Tiny made my dream come true. Only better. I'm half vampaneze instead of a stupid half vampire. Mr. Tiny says I have a destiny. He says he's gonna make sure of it. DARREN
80) 17) text: He gave me back the dream you stole. Murlough motions Steve quiet, slaps a hand over Darren's mouth. Listens. Smiles. Whispers. MURLOUGH
81) 6) text: Darren's my friend.    
82) 0) text: Darren swings back and forth in long strokes like a pendu a rag stuffed in his mouth to silence him. DARREN'S POV
82) 1) text: Sweeping the room. Wait! It fixes on a doorway. There's Crepsley. Looking about, everywhere but at Darren. BOILER ROOM
82) 7) text: Even the creatures of the night watch too much TV. Darren swings past through the middle of it all. Murlough charges. Crepsley sidesteps Darren, decides to take the fight high He leaps up, swings himself up onto one of the catwalks. Murlough follows. They use the room steel as monkey bars they climb, clash. Violent, quick attacks. Crepsley gaini a position, abandoning it as Murlough SLAMS in.    
82) 10) text: Sam, unhook his legs. As Sam struggles, Debbie pulls the rag from Darren's mout DARREN
82) 12) text: It's against our code. Suddenly unhooked, Darren hits the ground. He looks up at Evra who grins down at him. EVRA
84) 0) text: As Evra pulls Darren along. Debbie and Sam riding shotgun EVRA
84) 1) text: Come on! DARREN
84) 6) text: Ooops... Steve lifts the latch. Even he doesn't expect the force t wolfman hits the door with. Whaanngg! It's out. Evra steps bravely forward. The wolfman sends him flying. Sam can't hold Darren up by himself. He doesn't even see Wolfman leap over. As Darren sinks to the floor... The wolfman tears into Sam...    
84) 9) text: He's more surprised than shocked. Until the wolfman looks his way. Then he heads for the hills, disappears into the dark. The wolfman turns back toward Debbie. She backs away, takes off up a rickety stairway. The wolf HOWLS, then follows. Darren's too weak to follow, near tears in frustration an regret. He watches after them, then he looks over at Sam. Sam who is dying. Just a few feet away. His eyes flicker Darren's. He tries to say something, but can't. DARREN
84) 10) text: Oh Sam. Oh no... Darren crawls over, takes Sam's bloody hand. SAM
84) 11) text: Go save Debbie, Darren... Sam manages the smallest smile. As his eyes drift shut... SAM
84) 12) text: I think she loves you... From above, we hear Debbie SCREAM. Darren considers Sam's blood, knows what he has to do. Leave his humanity behind and cross the line. He needs to drink Sam's blood. DARREN
84) 13) text: Forgive me, Sam, but I need strength. I need blood. As Darren extends his nails over Sam's wrist... DARREN
85) 6) dialog: He's drunk Sam's blood. He rises. His sickness wicking of him. Strength descending. Empowered. Furious. He screams again, the sound taking shape into words. DARREN
85) 10) text: Murlough, looming over Debbie, smiles as Darren arrives. DARREN
85) 12) text: Stop being a big shot. This isn't like stopping some fight at school. DARREN
85) 20) text: But as Darren stands, it's not over. Steve grabs Debbie, pushes her to the edge where the rafters are. STEVE
85) 21) text: Stay back! Or I'll throw her off! I mean it! It sounds like he does. Darren looks intently at Debbie. She looks back. Then, Darren makes CHICKEN CLUCK SOUNDS. Understanding, Debbie tears herself away. To the precipic But instead of falling, she continues out on a rafter. Steve slides out after her. But as he reaches for her, sh deftly skips across the rafters, jumps back to the floor. Before Steve can follow, Darren cuts him off. Below them: rows of jagged, rusty pipes. The remains of a pumping station. Shredded now, broken. Waiting to impale. DARREN
85) 25) text: And they were fine. They acted like they barely remembered you. DARREN
85) 27) text: Darren lunges, but Steve's ready. He CUFFS Darren in the head. Darren falls, ends up hanging. Steve looms, smiling STEVE (SMILES)
85) 28) text: And your sister. She was moving into your room. They had a yard sale. I bought some of your stuff. Steve's foot on his hand. Darren about to die. Oddly: DARREN
85) 30) text: What? DARREN
85) 31) text: Did you? Darren hanging there, dead grim. Steve's curious. STEVE
85) 32) text: Why do you ask? Is knowing that gonna help you rest in peace? DARREN
85) 34) text: Least you had a dad to argue with. A fury building in Darren. DARREN
85) 36) text: Hate to tell ya. Your dad was right. How do you think we got the money for the dumb tickets? I took it. Just like I'm gonna take you. Steve jams his foot down into Darren's face, but Darren h on. In fact, with a superhuman surge, he hauls himself up no matter how many times Steve hits him.    
85) 42) text: I miss him so much. WHAM! Steve's arm pinwheel for balance. He's going over. But just as he pitches off the end rafter... Darren catches him by his belt. Nearly bent backward, he hangs back over the abyss. If Darren lets go, Steve will fall into the spikes below. Crespley steps up beside Debbie, knows what Darren should CREPSLEY
85) 43) text: Kill him, Darren. Do it now so you won't have to do it later. Darren looks at Steve. A moment they'll remember forever. DARREN (SOFTLY; SADLY)
85) 44) text: No. He used to be my friend. Darren flings Steve back the other way. To safety. DARREN
85) 46) text: Next time... And he's gone. Disappearing into the dark. Darren joins Debbie. Nothing left to hide. DEBBIE
85) 47) text: Sam? Darren shakes his head. Sam didn't make it.    
85) 50) text: I just need to catch my breath. For a few days. Maybe a week. DARREN
85) 52) text: No. I think that you proved yourself human after all. Human. As Darren absorbs this kindness, smiles. DARREN
85) 54) text: What do you mean? DARREN
85) 55) text: There's a war on, isn't there? Crepsley shrugs. DARREN
85) 57) text: Yes, yes. Black and white fences crossing very gray fields. DARREN
85) 59) text: I'm not sure it's my fight. DARREN
87) 0) text: Mr. Tall, Evra, Debbie, Darren and Crepsley. Crepsley set Sam's body down in the grass. It's covered with one of Ma Truska's tent silks. As Crepsley's eyes meet Darren's... DARREN (A WHISPER)
87) 6) text: For the only time in his life. DARREN
87) 14) text: Do you think we'll meet again? DARREN
87) 16) text: I hope so... DARREN (WHISPERS BACK)
87) 17) text: Hope is a good word. I hope so, too. And so goodbye. Darren and Crepsley start down the road. DARREN
87) 22) text: Take my arm. Darren shakes his head, doesn't need it. He shimmers, flits into the night. Crepsley laughs to himself. As he follows... FADE TO BLACK.