0) 4) dialog: Hey, Darren! No answer. Steve walks along the stall, scoots low so he see any feet in front of the bowls.
0) 5) dialog: Did you fall in? Darren!
0) 13) dialog: Man, we're getting killed out there. It's three to nothing. Darren is all concentration as the spider drops a little.
1) 0) text: Kids eat lunch, off in their groups. On the field: Darren has a SOCCER BALL practically glued to his foot. He dribb through defenders, shoots, SCORES! Steve pumps a fist:
1) 1) dialog: GOAL! Three to one! The other team regroups, starts back upfield with the bal Darren steals it. A few strides and WHUMP! Darren catches the goalie too far out. The ball lofts jus over the backpedaling goalie's head, bounces into the goa
1) 2) dialog: 
1) 4) dialog: What does that prove? Huh? The goalie blanches as Steve moves at him. Kids are nervo about Steve. He likes to fight. Darren gets between them.
1) 11) dialog: That's why he kicked it. To kill time. Well, I still got time to kick your face.
1) 16) dialog: You idiot! The car SCREECHES to a stop, idles ominously. Suddenly St doesn't seem so tough. He looks nervously back to Darren. But as a WIND picks up, the Lincoln suddenly tears off. A sheet of PAPER is kicked up by one of the car tires. Th wind sends it sailing. It drifts down, until... Steve notices, snatches it out of the air. Darren steps up beside him, watches the Lincoln disappear down the street. Creepy...
1) 17) dialog: Look at this. The paper is a FLYER. A startling, violent layout. Beneat a snarling WOLF'S HEAD: CIROUE DU FREAK - Human oddities other living curiosities. Midnight. Zeiterion Theater. $2 - Admission is at the discretion of the proprietor.
1) 18) dialog: .Human oddities and other living curiosities...
1) 26) dialog: 
1) 32) dialog: 
1) 40) dialog: I gotta show you something...
3) 0) text: Moody for the daytime. Only the light from the half-close blinds streaking the floor where: Darren and Steve are huddled over several clippings and pictures that Steve has spread out. They all deal with VAMPIRES in some form or another. Steve pulls another sta from his backpack, spreads them out as well.
3) 2) dialog: Vampires. I've been studying them. Vampires? Darren looks at him a beat.
3) 4) dialog: They been around 1000's of years. Two tribes. They even fight wars.
3) 11) dialog: Okay, sometimes, when humans fight? They fight at the same time. And no one knows it. Like at the Battle of Stalingrad they fought at the same time the Russians and Germans were fighting. Darren just looks at him, wonders if he's serious.
3) 12) dialog: Some people know about it. There have even been books written. He pulls a frayed old yellow hardcover from his bag.
3) 14) dialog: It's everywhere if you look. On the internet, in blogs, newspapers, weird places. But you can find it. The room starts to tighten a notch around them.
3) 15) dialog: I chatted online with one of them.
3) 17) dialog: Serious. We become aware of...
3) 18) text: Someone watching Darren and Steve through the half open doorway. It moves in, starts coming up from behind.
3) 25) dialog: Here he is in 1923. And here 1855. Huh? Maybe he'll be there tonight. Would that make you believe? As Darren looks them over, the POV looms up behind them. Suddenly Darren spins... And ROARS at what's behind them: his sister Annie. She SCREAMS in response. Steve jumps a mile. Darren LAUGHS.
3) 28) dialog: I'm gonna get a soda.
4) 0) text: Steve opens the refrigerator, looks to see what's in ther At the same time Darren's MOTHER arrives home. Coming in through the kitchen door, she sees the refrigerator door open, two sneakered feet behind it.
4) 2) dialog: Sorry, Mrs. Shan.
4) 9) dialog: I wish I was.
4) 13) dialog: She's okay... She's been working a lot lately. A little frown of concern crosses Darren's mom. Something about Steve... His mom... He brings out a bottle of soda.
4) 16) dialog: I know. Darren's mom exits as Steve pulls down two glasses, start pour soda. As he waits for the foam to settle, he sees... The purse. Just there. A quick look around, it doesn't ta him long to decide. Steve steps over, opens the purse. A quick rifling finds a wallet: $200 in $20's. He peels o three bills, shoves them in his pocket. BLLEEEP! A cell phone starts going off in the purse. Fumbling, frantic, Steve stuffs the rest of the money back in the wallet, the wallet back in the purse, closes the purse -- Darren's Mom is back in. She's hurrying to get to her celiphone, so...
5) 0) text: Steve comes up off the stairs. He sets the glasses on a h table, continues into...
5) 2) dialog: I gotta go. See ya tonight.
5) 4) dialog: Cirque du Freak.
5) 6) dialog: Don't sweat it. I got money. Meet me ten to Midnight. The Zeiterion Theater.
5) 9) dialog: Tell them you're sleeping over. We can meet early, walk over together.
5) 11) dialog: D, it's Cirque du Freak. You wanna hear about it Monday? Or see it tonight? Steve lets his point sink in, then goes.
9) 0) text: Part of a dilapidated, mostly abandoned downtown. Noirish Darren and Steve hurry around a corner.
9) 1) dialog: I came here after your house. There was a van there, guy selling tickets. (holds up tickets) Rest is history. They cross toward the ornate, albeit crumbling facade of ZEITERION THEATER. Deserted, except for a few CANDLES burning on the sidewalk by a door. The wind moans.
9) 8) dialog: Get inside.
10) 0) text: Paint peeling. The walls scribbled on. Most of all - it's dark. Darren and Steve head toward a glow coming from...
10) 4) dialog: We're here to see the show. He takes an ominous step forward, then holds out a hand.
10) 10) dialog: Maybe he heard me say it.
10) 40) text: Recognize him. Can't believe their eyes. Steve pulls the print-out from his pocket, compares. DARREN
10) 49) text: I wonder if you would be as shocked to see the same fate for me? Madam Octa moves -- climbing the outside of the cage -- taking a cautious step onto the hand holding the cage, th starting up Crepsley's arm. He stands dead still. DARREN &amp; STEVE
10) 59) text: Let's get outta here. STEVE
10) 60) text: No, you go. I'm staying. Steve starts down toward the stage. Darren follows. DARREN
10) 61) text: Wait. What're you doing? Steve reaches the stage, looks around. The audience is mostly exited; no one from the Cirque is in sight. As Steve starts up onto the stage, Darren grabs his shoul Steve wheels, shoves Darren who stumbles back into a seat STEVE
10) 62) text: This is my destiny. Don't ruin it. Steve looks dangerous as he looms. Darren raises his hand in surrender. Steve eases off, but he's still intense. STEVE
10) 64) text: Told by who? The guy in the chat room? The internet guy? STEVE
10) 65) text: I'll tell you later. If I can. Steve scrambles onto the stage and disappears into the ba Darren stands, whispers into the dark. DARREN
10) 66) text: Steve... Decision time. Darren climbs up, starts after his friend. CUT TO:    
11) 1) text: Steve...? No answer. Darren decides, starts down steep, rickety ste CUT TO:
11) 2) dialog: He moves past a dilapidated stage elevator. Stumbles. As heads further into the dark. DARREN
11) 4) text: Steve... CUT TO: STEVE
11) 5) text: Turning a corner, is startled by what turns out to be a costume mannequin. But beyond: a LONG BOX set on two sawhorses. Coffin-sized. Empty, its lid propped up by it. The dust is tracked with footsteps. A mini-FRIDGE hums in corner. Steve steps over, sees an EXTENSION CORD which ru up the wall, disappears into a hole punched in the ceilin DARREN
11) 6) text: Stops short as a LIGHT suddenly cuts through the gloom to left. Darren steps over low behind a CREDENZA. He sees... STEVE
11) 10) text: Reaches in the fridge, takes out a glass jar that looks t filled with BLOOD. Steve raises it, swirls it around insi CREPSLEY'S VOICE
11) 11) text: Are you looking for me? Steve whirls -- drops the bottle -- SMASH! Standing behind him - dead still - CREPSLEY. DARREN
11) 12) text: Rooted to the spot. Watching... STEVE &amp; CREPSLEY
11) 13) text: Crespley sniffs the air - the spilled blood to be exact. STEVE
11) 15) text: Tell me, boy. Who am I? STEVE
11) 18) text: Moving slightly to get a clearer view. STEVE &amp; CREPSLEY
11) 20) text: Who sent you and what do they want? STEVE
11) 25) text: Join me? I don't understand. STEVE
11) 26) text: I want you to make me a vampire. Not what Crepsley (or Darren) expected. Steve stands ther trying to look resolved. Crepsley is surprised, intrigued CREPSLEY
11) 27) text: Is it because you want to live forever? Because we don't. STEVE
11) 29) text: A long time alone. Do you want to live alone? STEVE
11) 31) text: Are you an orphan? STEVE
11) 33) text: Nor mine. You're friendless also? STEVE
11) 34) text: I have a friend, but he doesn't understand. He's got too much to know what it's like to be alone. As Darren reacts to this... STEVE
11) 37) text: The power of being alone will never be greater than the weakness of it. STEVE
11) 39) text: It makes no matter. We do not blood children. I'm sorry. Steve pulls a JACKKNIFE from his pocket, flips open the 2 inch blade. Crepsley laughs out loud. CREPSLEY
11) 40) text: Do you intend to use that on me? And we feel it more than see it, but Steve cuts into his palm. He holds it up, moist and red in Crepsley's face. STEVE
11) 43) text: Can't believe what he's watching. He sees Crepsley sudden get 'scent' of something. Something to do with Steve's blood. Not quite a clear view as Crepsley grabs Steve's wrist, dabs a finger into his palm and then tastes it. CREPSLEY
11) 44) text: Crepsley shoves Steve down to the ground and immediately begins spitting onto the floor. Like it was poison. STEVE
11) 46) text: You have bad blood. STEVE
11) 49) text: I can taste the menace in your blood. You can never be a vampire. You're evil. Steve scrambles to his feet. STEVE
11) 51) text: Go home. Suddenly cowed, Steve just stands there blinking. CREPSLEY
14) 6) text: Steve had money. Darren's Dad's suspicion is confirmed.    
14) 8) text: Steve... We weren't going to tell you, but we think Steve stole money from your Mom's purse yesterday. DARREN
14) 13) text: Steve's had some bad times lately. I'm trying to be a good friend. DAD
15) 4) text: Did you talk to Steve's mom yet? MOM
16) 1) text: Mom, this is the best omelette I ever had. His Dad can't help but smile. Good move. Mom is pleased, but knows she's being manipulated. As Annie stifles a lau Darren shoots her a look. A KNOCK at the kitchen door. Annie gets up, opens the doo to reveal: Steve. From his angle he can only sees Annie. STEVE
16) 2) text: Hey, midget, where's the idiot? Annie motions Steve in. He stops short when he see everyo else. He recovers, does his best Eddie Haskell... STEVE
16) 3) text: Hi, Mr. Shan, Mrs. Shan. It's nice to see ya. As Steve gets several less than welcoming looks... CUT TO:    
17) 0) text: Darren and Steve enter his bedroom. STEVE
17) 2) text: What happened last night? STEVE
17) 3) text: Nothing. I hung out in the theater for awhile, but no one was around. The lie hangs in the air a moment. STEVE
17) 5) text: Don't worry. There's, you know, no bad blood or anything like that. STEVE
17) 7) text: I said don't worry. STEVE
17) 9) text: What are you, the word police? Steve gives him a look. A weird tension in the air. Darre glances at the bandage on Steve's palm, changes the topic DARREN
17) 10) text: Wanna see that new game I got? STEVE
17) 11) text: Sure... Darren steps over, starts his computer up. While waiting, Steve sees the digital camera on the dresser, picks it up    
17) 13) text: I gotta get one of these. Steve switches it on. Something occurs to Darren too late DARREN
17) 14) text: Let me see that -- On the screen: the PHOTO OF MADAM OCTA. Steve twists arou to keep the camera out of Darren's reach. STEVE
17) 16) text: I took it at the show. STEVE
17) 18) text: In her cage, on the desk. Darren and Steve looking her ov STEVE
17) 20) text: They were loading a van outside. I, I just took her. STEVE
17) 22) text: Just because he had a coffin doesn't mean he's really a... Darren trails off. Steve realizes Darren saw the coffin. STEVE
17) 26) text: I didn't believe it. Steve studies Darren, hopes that's true. DARREN
17) 27) text: I heard what you said to him, too. That you wanted to be a vampire. Steve doesn't want to talk about it. He looks at Madam Oc STEVE
17) 29) text: I wish I knew how to play it. STEVE
17) 31) text: You mean telepathy? STEVE
17) 32) text: I bet anyone with a brain could do it. Which leaves you out. Steve smiles, gives Darren a little punch in the arm. The tension is loosening. They react to a KNOCK on the door. ANNIE'S VOICE
17) 35) text: What? I knocked. As they talk, Steve opens the cage door. Madam Octa sets arms on the edge, pulls herself out. LEAPS --
17) 36) text: Lands on Steve's shoulder. Her fangs, wet with poison, gl just before she sinks them into Steve's throat. She BITES    
17) 38) text: Don't move. Annie freezes. Darren grabs a BASEBALL BAT which leans in the corner. He reaches out, pokes at the curtain with it. Madam Octa drops down onto the window sill -- WHAM! Wood cracks as Darren brings down the bat, but Madam Octa is t quick. She disappears, leaping out the open window! Darren pulls it shut. He rushes back to Steve, turns him over. Steve's skin is already a deathly pale. DARREN
17) 39) text: Steve... Annie reaches out, takes Steve's hand. ANNIE
18) 0) text: Hospital doors BANG OPEN as a gurney bearing Steve is rus through. Darren and his Dad follow with a DOCTOR. DOCTOR
18) 7) text: Anaphylactic shock. Get Doctor Lund. And we need to download a photo to poison control. This is as far as Darren goes. Steve is wheeled in, surrounded. Syringes are drawn, handed in. All we can see of Steve is one skinny arm hanging out. PUSH IN ON DARREN. Sick for Steve. Scared. Unaware that his world has only just started to crash down around him. CUT TO:
18) 12) text: What have you done to him?! STEVE'S MOM approaches, her eyes on Darren. Disheveled, cheap looking, she hasn't quite started her hangover yet. She lunges past Darren's dad, grabs Darren by the shoulde STEVE'S MOM
23) 10) text: Your spider bit my friend Steve. Crepsley shrugs, tosses Darren back his crucifix. DARREN
23) 15) text: The antidote to her poison is rare. Expensive. Why should someone as evil as I am waste it on Steve? DARREN
23) 19) text: The night Steve came below to speak to me, you were there. Did you hear what we talked about? DARREN
25) 0) text: Tubes run in and out of Steve. His breathing is labored.    
25) 2) text: We're in time. He still has a few minutes left. Crepsley takes a small AMBER VIAL from his pocket. He bre a wax seal then pinches out a small blackened cork. He pulls the drip line out of the IV CATHETER and empties drop of the vial's dark, viscous contents inside. It swir murkily, coloring the liquid on its way into Steve's arm. A beat and then Steve seems to convulse, his arms and leg twitching. Is he dying? DARREN
25) 7) text: Never met him. I don't think Steve ever did either. Why do you want to know? And then Steve comes around. He opens his eyes, focuses o Darren for a moment. He looks puzzled. STEVE
25) 12) text: Run if you want. It won't help. You're a creature of the night now, Darren Shan. Darren turns and bolts leaving Crepsley alone. Chuckling, the vampire tucks Steve's covers up under his chin. CUT TO:
27) 2) text: I just got off the phone. Great news. Steve's going to be okay. DARREN
29) 2) text: TWENTY or so KIDS all pressed around the Boa Constrictor tank. Steve holds court. STEVE
29) 3) text: .Doctor said it was a miracle. They say I'm unique -- Steve spots Darren as he steps up in the back. STEVE
29) 6) text: Yeah? STEVE
29) 7) text: But first... Steve holds out a fist. A MOUSE pokes its head out throug an opening in the hand. Its whiskers twitch. As Darren looks from the mouse to the snake... Steve addresses the kids does his best 'Mr. Tall'. He tri to be entertaining, but he comes off creepy. STEVE
29) 8) text: Welcome to Cirque du Steve. What happens to us all can happen to any of us. If you watch, it's by your own free will. Say farewell... HEFTS MOUSE
29) 9) text: .to Crepsley the mouse. Darren reacts to the name. Steve lowers his hand into the terrarium. Some kids already look away, others are intent DARREN STOP --
29) 10) text: Steve hesitates. Darren pushes to the front. DARREN
29) 11) text: It's cruel. STEVE
29) 13) text: And don't blink; you might miss it. Steve sets the mouse in the terrarium. The MOUSE takes a few tentative steps. Moves toward a cor away from the... SNAKE who's suddenly alert. It raises it head, flicks its tongue. Coils back on itself. ZAP! The snake STRIKES... And Darren darts down his hand! CATCHES the snake just be its head, out of mid-air, out of mid-strike. Impossible! The snake twists in Darren's hand. The students are blown away. Steve's eyes narrow, his wheels are turning. The BELL RINGS. Moment over. Kids hurry out to class.    
29) 16) text: I killed it. Steve hesitates, processes, looks Darren over. STEVE
29) 18) text: Tell me about it later. Darren starts away. Steve grabs him hard, spins him aroun STEVE
29) 19) text: I'll tell you now. Darren reacts instinctively, grabs Steve with his free ha and SLAMS him against the wall. Steve's nearly off the ground, only his left toe touching. DARREN
29) 20) text: I said later. Darren lets go, heads off. Steve watches, wonders. CUT TO:
36) 0) text: Darren enters to find Crepsley sitting at his desk. He ho a small dark bottle between his fingers (different than t one he gave to Steve). As Crepsley's about to speak... DARREN
40) 2) text: Of the ceiling for a moment, then a blinding light flashi back and forth. Then glimpses of Steve's face! VISITING ROOM
40) 3) text: Steve holds Darren's eye open, shines a PENLIGHT into it. The pupil doesn't dilate. Footsteps approach. Steve switches it off, pockets it as the FUNERAL DIRECTOR enter    
40) 5) text: I'm sorry. I know it's difficult, but visiting hours are over. Steve nods sadly, looks to Darren. He pats one of Darren' hands which are folded across his chest. In reality Steve checks Darren's fingertips. A WHITE SCAR the end of each one. Steve's crazy idea may be confirmed. CUT TO:
42) 6) text: What are you doing here? STEVE
42) 7) text: (smiles; closing in) Vampire hunting. Steve rushes the last step, a jagged WOODEN STAKE held hi over his head. He knocks Darren back on the ground. Pouncing on top, he brings down the stake. Darren catches hold of Steve's wrist. Stops the point of stake just over his heart. Steve puts his weight into it. desperate moment of struggle, but Darren's strength is resurgent. He throws Steve off. Steve rolls to his feet, comes at him again. Darren catch his wrist with one hand, his throat with the other. He sl him up against the mausoleum, holds him there. DARREN
42) 8) text: What do you have against vampires? You wanted to become one yourself. STEVE
42) 12) text: Liar. You told him I was evil. You planned this all along. And you'll pay! You'll pay -- Darren jams the stake under Steve's throat. That stops hi struggling. The points jabs him as he swallows. DARREN
42) 13) text: I want you to leave... Steve is just beginning to realize how strong Darren is n DARREN
42) 14) text: I want you to leave and forget you ever saw me. Understand? Scared, he nods. Darren shoves him away, brakes the stake two. Steve heads away, looks back over his shoulder. STEVE
42) 15) text: I'm going to hunt you, Darren. You and the other one. Crepsley. I'll put a stake in you and burn you to ashes. I'll make sure you never come back from the grave again. WHAM. Steve walks right into Crepsley. He picks Steve up the shoulders, pulls him close. With a voice like Death.. CREPSLEY
42) 16) text: If we ever meet again, I will show you loneliness you cannot imagine. Steve trembles in fear. Crepsley lets go. Steve takes off running. Crepsley looks to Darren. CREPSLEY
42) 19) text: Yes. But so would getting hit by a truck if it was going fast enough. Steve finally disappears from sight. Crepsley sighs.    
80) 11) text: Steve? Steve! Steve holds up his hands so Darren can see the WHI SCAR on the tip of each finger. He gets closer. STEVE
80) 13) text: Is that who you talked to? Was that the internet guy? Mr. Tiny? STEVE (LAUGHS)
80) 16) text: But, I think I've known him a long time in my head. In my bad, bad blood. Chilling. Maybe Steve is evil. He leans in even closer. STEVE
80) 17) text: He gave me back the dream you stole. Murlough motions Steve quiet, slaps a hand over Darren's mouth. Listens. Smiles. Whispers. MURLOUGH
82) 5) text: The vampire will die. STEVE'S VOICE (FROM ABOVE)
84) 4) text: It's okay. It's the wolfman. He's in his cage. They move forward again, the cage becomes visible. But another SHAPE beside it. Steve. He sets his hand on the cage's heavy latch. He's going to open it. EVRA
84) 5) text: No don't! STEVE
84) 6) text: Ooops... Steve lifts the latch. Even he doesn't expect the force t wolfman hits the door with. Whaanngg! It's out. Evra steps bravely forward. The wolfman sends him flying. Sam can't hold Darren up by himself. He doesn't even see Wolfman leap over. As Darren sinks to the floor... The wolfman tears into Sam...    
84) 8) text: Reacts in horror. STEVE
85) 3) text: Who knows? Young Murlough lives, but he's hurt. STEVE
85) 11) text: Let her go. STEVE
85) 13) text: Shut up, Steve.    
85) 20) text: But as Darren stands, it's not over. Steve grabs Debbie, pushes her to the edge where the rafters are. STEVE
85) 21) text: Stay back! Or I'll throw her off! I mean it! It sounds like he does. Darren looks intently at Debbie. She looks back. Then, Darren makes CHICKEN CLUCK SOUNDS. Understanding, Debbie tears herself away. To the precipic But instead of falling, she continues out on a rafter. Steve slides out after her. But as he reaches for her, sh deftly skips across the rafters, jumps back to the floor. Before Steve can follow, Darren cuts him off. Below them: rows of jagged, rusty pipes. The remains of a pumping station. Shredded now, broken. Waiting to impale. DARREN
85) 22) text: It's over, Steve. STEVE
85) 23) text: Is it? Steve lunges. They come together, trading shots, stumblin but still having to make the rafters. A missed footfall w be their last. They separate, try to gain position. STEVE
85) 24) text: You wanna hear something funny? After your funeral, I went to see your parents. They continue circling. STEVE
85) 27) text: Darren lunges, but Steve's ready. He CUFFS Darren in the head. Darren falls, ends up hanging. Steve looms, smiling STEVE (SMILES)
85) 28) text: And your sister. She was moving into your room. They had a yard sale. I bought some of your stuff. Steve's foot on his hand. Darren about to die. Oddly: DARREN
85) 29) text: Did you steal money from my mom's purse? STEVE
85) 31) text: Did you? Darren hanging there, dead grim. Steve's curious. STEVE
85) 33) text: No. It's just practically the last thing that ever happened between me and my dad was I was arguing with him. STEVE (FLIP)
85) 35) text: I was telling him he was wrong about you. That's the last time we had together. Fighting about you. STEVE
85) 36) text: Hate to tell ya. Your dad was right. How do you think we got the money for the dumb tickets? I took it. Just like I'm gonna take you. Steve jams his foot down into Darren's face, but Darren h on. In fact, with a superhuman surge, he hauls himself up no matter how many times Steve hits him.    
85) 42) text: I miss him so much. WHAM! Steve's arm pinwheel for balance. He's going over. But just as he pitches off the end rafter... Darren catches him by his belt. Nearly bent backward, he hangs back over the abyss. If Darren lets go, Steve will fall into the spikes below. Crespley steps up beside Debbie, knows what Darren should CREPSLEY
85) 43) text: Kill him, Darren. Do it now so you won't have to do it later. Darren looks at Steve. A moment they'll remember forever. DARREN (SOFTLY; SADLY)
85) 44) text: No. He used to be my friend. Darren flings Steve back the other way. To safety. DARREN
85) 45) text: Start running. Don't ever stop. Steve hesitates. It wasn't supposed to be like this. Darr starts off the rafter toward him. One last look of hate. STEVE
86) 0) text: As PATRONS try to get as far as they can as quick as they can. We see Steve duck out, blending in. Mr. Tiny's Lincoln Continental pulls up. As Steve gets in CUT TO: