38) 0) text: Sophie, still in her wet dress, Eleanor and Sophie's ENTOURAGE are striding through the hotel's corridors, on their way out. Maddox, Sidney and Alison are with them.
38) 2) dialog: ...I just think it's terrible the way we're still exploiting animals. That's why, you know, I won't wear fur or leather, I won't wear make-up, I'm vegetarian.
38) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, I can't understand your accent?
38) 11) dialog: I don't know. Have you?
38) 14) dialog: No.
38) 16) dialog: 
39) 5) dialog: Aren't you cold?
40) 0) text: Sidney sits in front of his computer reading the on-line New York Post Page Six. A story on the previous night is accompanied by a large picture of Sophie in her clinging dress. Above the picture is the title Venus Envy. Sidney stares at the picture, entranced. Alison sits at her desk, watching him with contempt. Madd appears beside them.
52) 6) dialog: 
52) 13) dialog: No, don't! It's so embarrassing! That picture's everywhere now. And I had no idea the dress was so see-through! And people are talking like it was some kind of stunt.
52) 20) dialog: Lawrence? Could I leave Cuba here? He doesn't like Italian food.
55) 11) dialog: 
68) 0) text: Sidney is getting a drink at the bar that has been set up in the grounds. Suddenly he stiffens, watching as Sophie Maes, looking spectacular, walks over to where Maddox and his circle are talking nearby.
68) 4) dialog: You write poems?
71) 0) text: Sidney lies beside the pool staring darkly into the water and nursing the beginnings of a hangover. We hear faint music and laughter from where the party continues in the house behind. He notices the reflection of the starry sky in the water and reaching out gloomily to hold one of the stars. The reflection dissolves into ripples. When the water settles Sophie Maes reflection stares back at him. 77.
71) 2) dialog: You know what? There's something very damaged about you. Sidney stares at her, not sure what to say.
71) 4) dialog: Like an animal that's been hit by a car or something. Like a deer or...like a pig maybe? When they walk funny and the other animals keep away from them. Little limpy pig. I'm drawn to sick animals. That's why I picked Cuba - because he had like psychological problems? (Her eyes well with tears) Poor little Cuba. Where is he now?
71) 7) dialog: Jesus, I'm wasted. Are you wasted? I'm wasted. Sidney watches her.
71) 9) dialog: Thanks.
71) 12) dialog: What's what like?
71) 16) dialog: Weird. It's happening so fast and...it's like it's got nothing to do with me. It's like I'm not even really here. She laughs softly.
71) 19) dialog: I'm so hungry.
71) 21) dialog: Are you crazy? There might still be a photographer around. They lie in silence for a moment.
96) 0) text: Sidney is with Eleanor and Sophie, who now looks every in the movie star.
96) 6) dialog: I'm going to have a logo.
96) 8) dialog: 
97) 0) text: Snow falls. Sidney climbs out of a limousine with Eleanor and Sophie. The women breeze past the Doorman and into the club. Sidn hesitates on the thresh-hold, staring up at the sign abov him as if it's a magic portal. Sidney walks in.
102) 0) text: Sophie and her entourage, including Sidney and Eleanor, climb out of a line of limousines and walk into the Hotel Sidney stands for a moment, looking around him. Hollywood He's finally here. We hear the opening of Virgina Plain by Roxy Music.
103) 0) text: We are swooping in towards the hotel and an enormous BILLBOARD ADVERTISEMENT for Sophie's new film - in pre- production. It's a re-make of Singing In The Rain - with Russel Crowe. We BOOM down from Sophie's fifteen foot laughing face to find Sidney standing on a slim ledge outside his hotel window. He is drunk and wearing only his underwear. He is also yelling with fear. The window behind him is crowded with people shrieking wi laughter. Gingerly he edges back to the window and climbs back into...
103) 3) dialog: You didn't do it!
103) 5) dialog: You let me down!
103) 9) dialog: What are you?
103) 11) dialog: What?
103) 13) dialog: That's right! Okay, limpy pig. You need to pay a forfeit. Whatcha got?
103) 15) dialog: 
103) 18) dialog: Give me the ring. I want it.
103) 20) dialog: Okay, give me the ring and if I win tomorrow, I'll let you have sex with me. The on-lookers shriek with delight. Sidney stares at her. He looks past her to his reflection in the window - a drunk man in his underwear, swaying fro side to side...
105) 0) text: A conveyor belt of limousines arriving outside the Hilton Rain falls. Celebrities wave to the watching crowds as th make their way up the red carpet, cameras flash... Sophie emerges from a limo, looking amazing. SHE IS WEARI A FUR WRAP. She makes her way up the carpet, Sidney walks behind, smiling vaguely...