1) 0) text: BILL, a handsome young man from the slums, and his brothe STEVE sit outside on their lunch break talking with an older man named BLACKIE. By the look of his flashy clothe Blackie is not a worker.
2) 0) text: Sam the Collector's GANG swaggers around in the alley beh Sam and Bill appear to know one another.
2) 2) dialog: I paid you everything I have. Search me. The rest he gets
2) 4) dialog: I could do something, you know. You guys wanta do somethi
2) 6) dialog: I haven't done anything.
2) 10) text: Bill puts his hand on the ground. Sam drops a keg of roof
3) 0) text: Bill and Steve drag a safe by a rope through a vacant lot
3) 5) dialog: (weeping) I love you so much. Why didn't  you run. Don't die. Steve dies. Bullets kick up dust around him. He takes off
4) 1) dialog: (weeping) They shot the shit out of him. My brother. I couldn't bel
4) 3) dialog: I love you, Abby. You're so good to me. Remember how much
5) 0) text: Bill and Abby flirt on the root of a tenement, happily in
6) 0) text: Abby lies shivering with fever.  Bill spoons hot soup int BILL (o.s.) (continuing) ... even when you were sick and I was in the mill.
7) 0) text: Bill works in the glow of a blast furnace. He does not se BILL (o.s.) I won't let you go back in the mill. People die in there.
8) 0) text: Along a railroad spur outside the mill, Abby and Ursula g BILL (o.s.) We're going west. Things gotta be better out there.
9) 0) text: A POLICEMAN, looking for Bill, roughs Abby up behind the
10) 2) text: Abby and Bill sit atop a train racing through the wheat c
10) 3) dialog: I like the sunshine.
10) 5) dialog: I never wanted to fall in love with you.
10) 7) dialog: What's the matter? A while ago you said I was irresistibl
10) 9) dialog: You playing mousie again?
10) 11) dialog: I love it when you've been drinking.
10) 13) dialog: Kind of. They share the boxcar with a crowd of other HARVEST HANDS
10) 14) dialog: Look at all that space. Oweee! We should've done this a l
11) 1) dialog: Elbow room! Oweee! Give me a chance and I'm going to danc Bill struts around with a Napoleonic air, in a white Pana
11) 2) text: Bill comes upon a BIG MAN whose face is covered with bloo
11) 3) dialog: Good, very good. Where you from,  mister?
11) 5) dialog: Like to see the other guy. Bill helps him to his feet and dusts him off. A TOUGH wal
11) 7) dialog: Oh yeah? Who're you? The Tough hits Bill across the head with his ax handle.
11) 11) dialog: Nothing. She is a sultry beauty--emancipated, full of bright hopes
12) 2) dialog: How much you paying?
12) 4) dialog: Who're you kidding? Bill mills around. They have no choice but to accept his
12) 15) dialog: You don't need to say it like that. Benson ignores this remark but dislikes Bill from the fir
14) 0) text: The wagons pass under a large arch, set in the middle of Bill looks at Abby and raises his eyebrows.
15) 0) text: At the center of the bonanza, amid a tawny sea of grain, Filigrees of gingerbread adorn the eaves. Cottonwood sapl A white picket fence surrounds the house, though its purp Bison drift over the hills like boats on the ocean. Bill
15) 1) dialog: Yo, Beevo!
17) 0) text: Bill lifts a big rock. Abby applauds. Ursula kneels down him. Abby pushes him over backwards.
18) 3) dialog: Ready? She giggles her consent. He crushes her in a bear hug unt
19) 0) text: Bill looks deeply into Abby's eyes by the light of a lant
19) 1) dialog: You're all I've got, Abby. No, really, everything I ever
19) 3) dialog: Sometimes I think you don't like men.
20) 10) text: A COOK stands on the horizon waving a white flag at the e Benson consults the large clock strapped to the back of h Their faces black with chaff, the hands fall out in silen 34        EXT. COOKHOUSE - STUBBLE FIELD IN B.G. The COOKS, Orientals in homburgs, serve from planks throw Most sit on the ground to eat, under awnings or beach umb Bill is carrying Abby's lunch to her when a loutish DUTCH
20) 13) dialog: Didn't you ever learn how to take care of yourself? I tol Bill presses her wrists against his cheek, ashamed that h
20) 14) dialog: You can't keep on like this.
20) 17) dialog: That bunch? Don't compare yourself to them. She flexes her fingers. They seem lame.
20) 18) dialog: You drop off this weak. I can make enough for us both. It (pause) Right now, what I'm doing, I'm just dragging you down. (pause) Maybe you should go back to Chicago. We've got enough for He seems a little surprised when she does not reject this
20) 19) dialog: What's the matter? She begins to cry. He takes her in his arms.
20) 20) dialog: I know how you feel, honey. Things won't always be this w
20) 21) dialog: The men knock out their pipes as Benson's whistle summons
20) 24) dialog: Of him? He's just a. sack of shit.
20) 26) dialog: I want him to. He's the one better be careful.
21) 0) text: Bill helps Abby finish up a row. Thousands of shocks stre
21) 2) dialog: What're you talking about? That's not fair.
21) 4) dialog: 
21) 5) dialog: Wait a minute.
21) 7) dialog: I guess he meant it. She turns her back to him and goes about picking up the s
21) 8) dialog: He did. Ask him. If you can't sing or dance, what do you Ising or dance, what do you do this world? You might as w rorget it.
24) 0) text: A physician's wagon stands in front of the Belvedere. Bill hunts nervously through it for medicine to soothe Ab hands. Not knowing quite what to look for, he sniffs what catches his eye.  Suddenly the front door opens and Chuck steps out with a CHUCK (o.s.) How long you give it? DOCTOR (o.s.) Could be next month. Could be a year. Hard to say. Anyway CHUCK (o.s.) Got to happen sometime. They shake hands
27) 0) text: Bill finds Ursula roasting a peacock on a spit. She has a
27) 1) dialog: You're getting prettier every day.
27) 3) dialog: Depends how people are with me. Where's Abby? I found her He holds out a jar of salve. Ursula shrugs.
27) 4) dialog: She mention anything to you about going back? (pause) What? Ursula has no idea what he is talking about. 47        EXT. STRAW STACK - MAGIC HOURMost of the worker Most of the workers are fast asleep around the strawpile,
28) 0) text: Abby and Bill have laid their bedrolls out by a stack awa
28) 2) dialog: You're tired, that's all. I'm going to find you another b
28) 4) dialog: Don't you want to be with me?
28) 6) dialog: I know. I told you though, this is only for a while. Then
28) 8) dialog: Then we're there. Then we get fixed up.
28) 10) dialog: You should go back.
28) 12) dialog: (suspicious) What's going on? Who sent it? She nods up toward the Belvedere and sets it down.I
28) 13) dialog: What for? She withdraws with a shrug. She does not appear to relish this duty. Bill watches her walk back to the buggy she  came down in. Benson waits beside it.U
28) 14) dialog: (to Abby) She's the kind wouldn't tell you if your coat was on fire
33) 0) text: Sixty foot belts connect the tractors to the separating m Bill works on the straw pile at the back of the machine, Ursula helps stoke the tractor with coal and water. When Gingerbread on the eaves of the tractors gives them a Vic Abby moves quickly, without a moment's rest, sewing up th sacks of grain as they are measured out at the bottom of the separator. A clowning WORKER comes up and smells herU like a flower.
36) 0) text: Bill drinks from the water barrel at the back of Benson's buggy, his eyes fixed on Chuck's distan
36) 1) dialog: Big place here.
36) 3) dialog: Got a smoke?
36) 5) dialog: Why's that guy dragging an expensive piece of furniture o I ask is he's going to ruin thefinish and have to strip i Benson hesitates, uncertain whether he might be divulging a confidence.
36) 7) dialog: What's the matter with him?I Benson immediately regrets having spoken so freely. He ch
37) 9) dialog: This is all I could find. You feeling better? (she shrugs) What'd he want? They look at each other.
38) 0) text: As Bill and Abby bathe in the river that evening, he tell
38) 3) dialog: Tell him you'll stay.
38) 5) dialog: You know I love you, don't  you? ABBY Yes. Abby guesses what is going through his mind, and it shock
38) 7) dialog: What else can we really do?  I know how you feel, but we He catches a stick drifting by and throws it further down
38) 8) dialog: You ever think about all those ladies parading up and dow Michigan Avenue? Bunch of whores! You're better than anyI of them. You ever think how they got where they are? He wants to breathe hope into her. He thinks of himself a to what she needs and secretly wants. When she does not a
38) 9) dialog: Let's forget it.
38) 11) dialog: We weren't meant to end up like this. At least you weren' You could be something. I've heard you sing. You have a l of fine qualities that need to come out. Ursula, too. Wha kind of people is she meeting up with, riding the rods? The girl's never had a clean sh never will. She oughta be in school.
38) 13) dialog: But I do. You know I do. This just shows how much. We're out of luck, Abby. People need luck. What're you crying a don't tell me. I already know. All on account of your unh that stuff. Well, we gotta do something about it, honey. anybody else to. Abby runs into the woods.U
38) 14) dialog: Always the lady! Well, you don't know how things work in (pause) Why do you want to make me feel worse than I already do?
38) 15) dialog: (pause) You people get hold of the guy that's passing out dough, him my name, would you? I'd appreciate it.
40) 0) text: On their way home they pass the Belvedere. A single light burns on the second floor. Abby picks cornflowers to put in her hair. Bill runs his hand down her back.
40) 2) dialog: He's singing.
40) 4) dialog: He might be singing to God. They look at each other and smile. It does not appear tha
42) 9) text: Bill and Ursula share a cigarette. Ursula tries on his su
42) 11) dialog: If she wants to.
42) 13) dialog: She's the one has to say. You put aspirin in this?
42) 15) dialog: Keep them.
43) 1) dialog: Bill finds Abby sitting off by herself, wanting no part o
43) 2) dialog: Sunny Jim, look at this. My first ice cream in six months
43) 4) dialog: Great.
43) 6) dialog: For as long as I can remember, people been giving me a ha
43) 8) dialog: We don't have to decide anything final now. Just if we're stay. You never have to touch him if you don't feel like you get fed up, we take off. Worst that can happen is we for a while.
43) 10) dialog: Or else we can forget it. I'm not going to spend the whol afternoon on this, though. That I'm not going to do.
46) 6) dialog: I told her, "none of my business Urs, I just hope you're around with some redhead is all." She looks me over. "Why "What've you guys got that redheads don't?" I pity that k Ursula runs up and throws herself tearfully into Abby's a
46) 7) dialog: What's the matter? What'd he do? Bill starts off after the train.
48) 0) text: Down by the barn Bill teaches Chuck how to shoot dice.  C
48) 1) dialog: I like to gamble, and I like to win. I make no bones abou Got to where the guys on Throop Street wouldn't even lag with me on account of I was such a winner. I'm starting o with you, you understand.
48) 5) dialog: Yeah. We've been together since we were kids. You like he (pause) She likes you, too. Chuck looks down, feeling transparent in the pleasure he
51) 0) text: Bill sits in a swing and plays a clarinet. The music flow
60) 0) text: Abby has told him of the proposal. Bill broods over an un
60) 2) dialog: I never really thought he would.
60) 4) dialog: Before I did. You cold? Abby is shivering. Bill takes off his jacket and slips it
60) 5) dialog: What're you thinking?
60) 7) dialog: Who'd know but you and me?
60) 9) dialog: That's it, Ab. That's all that matters, isn't it?  
60) 11) dialog: But to give him what he wants more than anything? Two, th months of sunshine? He'll never get to enjoy his money an What're you talking about? We'd be showing him the first times of his life.
60) 13) dialog: You know what they're going to stick on his tombstone? "B like a fool, worked like a mule." Two lines. Abby cannot say the proposal is devoid of principle. The
60) 15) dialog: Listen, the man's got one foot on a banana peel and the o on a roller skate. What can I say? We'll be gone before t President shows up. He straightens his coat and smooths back his hair, to mak BILL Hey, I know how you feel. II Hey, I know how you feel. I feel just as bad. Like I was heart. Makes me sick just to
60) 17) dialog: I know. We're in quicksand, though. We stand around, it's going to suck us down like everybody else. (pause) Somewhere along the line you have to make a sacrifice. Lo He waits to see how she will respond. Half of him wants h
60) 19) dialog: You don't have to. I hate it when I see you stooped over them looking at your ass like you were a whore. I persona feel ashamed! I want to take a .45 and let somebody have (pause) We got to look on the bright side of this, Ab. Year from today we got a Chinese butler and no shit from anybody. (pause) Some people need more'n they have, some have more'n they just a matter of getting us all together. (pause) I don't even know if I believe what I'm saying, though. I feel like we're on the edge of a big cliff.  Abby looks at the ground for a moment, then nods.
61) 3) dialog: I love you more than ever. I always will. I couldn't do t
63) 0) text: Bill watches the lights go out in the Belvedere. A lump r happiness. 117        TIGHT ON ABBY, CHUCK, ETC. The next morning the newlyweds set off on their honeymoon Chuck tells Bill to move his things from the dorm into th Abby, a basket of cucumbers under her arm, waves goodbye,
64) 0) text: They steer out across the prairie in a1912 Overland auto. When they are gone Ursula turns fiercely on Bill.U
64) 2) dialog: What for? Don't be any more of a pain in the neck than yo be, okay? She swings at him with her fist. He pushes her away._
64) 3) dialog: You think I like this? I'm doing it for her!
64) 5) dialog: Still think so? She throws a rock at him and runs off. He catches her, re
64) 6) dialog: I know you can't understand this, but there's nothing I w She hesitates a second, then slaps him as hard as she can
67) 4) dialog: We'll go back.
68) 3) dialog: You know why I like him? He minds his business and isn't Chuck turns to Abby and, for nearly the first time, smile
68) 8) dialog: Stand back. Get the women and children someplace safe. Chuck, feeling it would be wrong not to enter the spirit
68) 10) dialog: How'd you get along so long without a woman? Chuck shrugs. Ursula makes a gesture as though to say by
68) 14) dialog: All right, okay, nobody's hungry anymore. What's the wors Chuck thinks about this.
68) 16) dialog: If you went that far, he must've deserved it. What else?
68) 18) dialog: Well, you're the boss, right? That's how it works. Got to somebody else's pocket for a change. Is that all?
68) 20) dialog: (to Abby) He wants to know. I'm not going to count setting Blackie' on fire either. He had it coming. BILL (con't) (pause) Once I punched a guy while he was asleep. Chuck looks surprised. Bill glances at Abby, worried that
68) 21) dialog: I was just kidding. Actually a guy I know did, though.
68) 23) dialog: Yeah. I think so. Chuck gets up to ring for Miss Carter. Bill looks him up
68) 25) dialog: Get serious. I can win money with him. She licks his ear. He laughs.
68) 27) dialog: You still believe in Santa Claus. Bill closes his eyes as he feels the soft fur of the rabb
68) 29) text: Chuck returns to the table and draws Bill aside.
68) 32) dialog: I got no right to.
68) 34) dialog: I haven't worked hard enough to deserve it. I been goofin
68) 36) dialog: Give it to charity or something. (pause) Don't worry. I always know to look out for myself, becaus I don't, who will? See what I'm driving at? Chuck sees a sense of honor at work in Bill here, and though he considers the gesture misguided and a little grand, admires him for it.
69) 1) text: Bill is expert at throwing knives. As the others watch, h Everyone seems happy and congenial. They have reached som
70) 0) text: Ursula, in her bathing suit, jumps from a ledge above the Bill and Chuck have a water fight. Abby wades in the shal
70) 5) text: Farther up the slope Bill and Chuck wring out their bathi
70) 6) dialog: You okay?
70) 8) dialog: I appreciate everything you've done for Abby. I really do Chuck looks off, embarrassed but oddly pleased. Bill snat .
71) 1) dialog: You liking it here? (she nods) Feel good? (she nods) Feels good to feel good. He smiles, satisfied that he has done well by her, and le
72) 0) text: They walk home. Bill stays behind to work on his strokes.
72) 1) dialog: You shag them, not those dogs. They might choke or run of
72) 3) dialog: Listen, some day all this is going to be mine. Or half is He steps off a few paces of his future kingdom and draws
72) 4) dialog: This reminds me of where I came from. I left when I was s He looks at the land with a new sense of reverence. He sn
72) 5) dialog: I can't wait to go back to Chicago, bring them down for a (pause) I'd really like to see this place run right. I got a lot
73) 0) text: Bill finds them in the kitchen. Chuck goes into the other
73) 2) dialog: I met a few I was wrong on, then. Suddenly they hear Chuck's footsteps. They pull back just
73) 3) dialog: I have a headache. I probably should've worn a hat. Abby rolls her eyes at this improvisation. No sooner does Together they walk into the living room.
73) 4) dialog: You ever see anybody out here?
73) 6) dialog: How often do you get into town?
73) 8) dialog: You're kidding. He must be kidding.
73) 10) dialog: Relaxation. Look at the girls. Opportunity to see how oth Chuck looks at him blankly. None of these reasons seems t much weight for him. Bill turns to Abby.
73) 11) dialog: Somebody is nuts. I don't know whether it's him or me, bu
73) 13) dialog: Maybe I should help you. He follows her back into the kitchen, where he starts to
73) 16) dialog: Why not? I'm just seeing what kind of material it's made CHUCK (o.s.) One spoonful. Bill walks around absentmindedly, inspecting Chuck's thin As Chuck walks in, Bill has pocketed a candlestick.
74) 0) text: Bill drops the candlestick down the well, stands for a mo
78) 0) text: Abby sits at the dresser in the master bedroom. Bill walk
78) 2) dialog: Just walked in through the door, like any other white man On the bureau he finds a pistol. He aims it out the windo
78) 3) dialog: Smith and Wesson. You ought to see one of these plow into She holds a hairbrush out for him to see. He looks it ove
78) 4) dialog: Somebody's been staining this fake inlay with a water gla He walks around trying out more of Chuck's appurtenances.
78) 6) dialog: The bed should be over next to the window. Where the view Bill is already making plans for life after Chuck's demis
78) 7) dialog: Maybe we build on a balcony. (pause) First the birds go. The peacocks are crowing outside. They burst out laughing
78) 9) dialog: Why not? (no reply) Look, I know you've got urges. It wouldn't be right if yo Abby stands up, angry.
78) 11) dialog: Lower your voice.
78) 13) dialog: I bet he enjoys looking at you in this.
78) 15) dialog: He likes it, too, is what I'm saying.
78) 17) dialog: I see.
78) 19) dialog: That's your problem. Abby puts on her wedding bracelet and admires it. Bill so
78) 20) dialog: I told you someday we'd be living in style. When this who He holds out the tip of his little finger. They laugh, as
78) 21) dialog: You're cute. Maybe a shade too cute. She touches his face sympathetically, as though to say th
79) 0) text: Bill sneaks out the back door of' the Belvedere, only to
79) 2) dialog: What're you talking about?
80) 0) text: Bill finds the others around front. Abby lolls in the ham Little by little the newcomers have done the house over f
80) 1) dialog: Nice fall day.
80) 3) dialog: (to Abby) Watcha doing?
80) 5) dialog: Listen, I had a great idea. Let's spend Christmas in Chic up the old routine. Rhino's never been to a baseball game race. I know guys one month off the boat that have. Don't speak the English language, but they eat it right up. (pause) You're just a young guy, Rhino; you oughta be running aro raising hell. No offense to the little woman. He bows apologetically to Abby. She pinches a dead leaf o
80) 7) dialog: Did you, sis? Well, there's always something doing. I can begin to tell you. State and Madison? Mmmm. Lights everyw You'd love it.
80) 9) dialog: Rough? Listen, you can't walk down the street without som reaching in your pocket! You've got to keep your coat lik and poke them away.
80) 12) dialog: Doctor said he took it out, but I never saw it. Hurt like You got no idea how it hurt. Suddenly he worries this might discourage Chuck from goin
80) 13) dialog: They won't mess with you, though. Big fella like you. I c now. He offers a taste of the talk Chuck is like to provoke on
80) 14) dialog: "Hey, hey, hey. Who's this here, fresh out of the African moving down the sidewalk with a whowhowho, taking ten fee and making all the virgins run for cover? Why, it's Big R King of Beasts. He walks, he talks, he sucks up chalk." Bill steps back and sees, as though for the first time, h
80) 15) dialog: You are big, aren't you? Sunny Jim! You must've had a rea for an old lady.
80) 17) dialog: So what do you say? (pause) What a sorry outfit! Bunch of old ladies. You better stay Your mammas'd probably get upset. But when the time comes, I'm out of here. Hit the road, T Ursula passes the sandwiches around until there is just one left, Miss Carter's. While the others are talking, she scoops up a handful of dirt and pours it into the mid Bill, lighting a cigarette, notices Chuck's hand on Abby'
80) 18) dialog: Ever seen a match burn twice?
80) 20) dialog: That's old. Chuck starts to cough. Bill looks at Abby, then whips the Miss Carter's face goes blank as she bites into her sandw She jumps up and rushes back into the house. Chuck frowns Bill glares at Ursula, then turns to Chuck and, referring
80) 21) dialog: You ever thought of putting in some fescue here? Some fes Of course, it might not take in this soil. Chuck stands up and winds a stole, a long religious scarf
80) 23) dialog: I still have a little of this sore throat. Where you goin
80) 25) dialog: What's the necktie for? (pause) Or does it just come in handy?
80) 27) dialog: I try and try.
80) 29) dialog: Splendid people make you nervous.
80) 31) dialog: A guy ate a brick on a bet. Must of busted it up first wi (Jumping up) Anybody want to bet me I can't stick this knife in that p Nobody takes him up on this. Abby leafs through the Sears catalogue, her mind dancing with visions of splendo
82) 0) text: Later that afternoon, Bill catches sight of Abby's undert
85) 0) text: Bill, eavesdropping in the attic above them, surveys Chuc CHUCK (o.s.) It must be something I'm doing. I wish you'd tell me what
86) 0) text: These gentle endearments, so rarely heard from Bill, stir
88) 2) dialog: Mmmm. But I love you.
89) 2) dialog: This one night. He toes a sodden old shoe.
89) 3) dialog: Hey, I found a shoe.
89) 6) dialog: You want me to spin you around? She nods okay. He takes her by the hands and spins her ar
90) 1) dialog: Suppose we woke up tomorrow and it was a thousand years a mean, with all we know? Electricity, the telephone, radio stuff. They'd never figure out how we came up with it all they'd kill us. She looks at him, and they laugh.
90) 2) dialog: You sleepy?
90) 4) dialog: You like it?
90) 6) dialog: Kiss me, then.
91) 0) text: They have run back to the Belvedere. It seems they are sa Abby appears at one side of the house while Bill steals a
92) 0) text: Bill watches the Doctor walk out the front door and down ABBY (o.s.) The Doctor came. Chuck looked pleased for a change.
94) 6) dialog: How do you know it was him?
94) 8) dialog: You didn't understand my question. They walk back to the buggy. Ursula holds up a dead snake
94) 10) dialog: That was the President, shortie. Wake up. Bill watches Chuck help Abby into the buggy. She is laugh it against her breast. Chuck seems to have breathed a hop
95) 3) dialog: Nothing.
95) 5) dialog: No.
95) 7) dialog: Who said I was mad?
95) 8) dialog: Can't I be alone once in a while without everybody gettin worked up? 
95) 11) dialog: You can't keep your hands off him these days.
95) 13) dialog: You know.
95) 15) dialog: How about the other night? I saw you, Abby. The other nig by the tracks? If only you wouldn't lie! Really, there's some things about you I'm never going to understand.
95) 17) dialog: I can't stand it any more. It's just too degrading. (pause)  You and him. Why do I have to spell it out? I thought it over in a month or two. Guy might go another five years. clear out, Abby. They stare at each other in silence for a moment.
95) 19) dialog: What?
95) 21) dialog: Why stay? Go ahead and tell me! I'm standing here. Bill trembles with shock and anger. The buffalo cast awar
95) 23) dialog: I'm telling you I can't stand it.
95) 25) dialog: You're getting to like him, aren't you?
95) 27) dialog: Would it? So what's it matter to somebody in his shape? (pause) In fact you're just leaving us one way out.
95) 29) dialog: You watch and see.  
96) 0) text: As they approach the Belvedere, Bill sees Chuck standing
96) 2) dialog: Don't you believe in being honest?
97) 0) text: Chuck has taken Bill out bird-hunting. They wear heavy ca
97) 1) dialog: Did you ever tell Abby the buffalo help keep up the grass
97) 4) dialog: (thoughtfully) She likes to draw. Maybe some paints. Nothing too expensi she might want to exchange it. Maybe a coat. She likes to off sometimes. She's sweet that way.
97) 6) dialog: That's how they are. They like to make you work for it. I ever figure out why. (pause) Sometimes you can't go wrong, though. You know that one A
97) 8) dialog: Actually, I didn't, but I could have. The point I'm makin to understand how they operate. Get them thinking you can leave it, you're usually okay. Suddenly the dogs stop rigid, on point. At Chuck's hiss t Bill looks at Chuck's exposed back. Nobody would know. It CHUCK (o.s.) All right, put them up, girl. The dogs rise and inch toward the birds, as slowly as the
97) 10) dialog: They caught me off guard.
97) 13) dialog: They surprised me again. Chuck sends a retriever after th
98) 1) dialog: You like to box?
98) 3) dialog: Just wondering. I got a pair of gloves I brought with me. Bill feels oddly better, as though Chuck had backed down.
98) 5) dialog: That's what she calls you? 'Chickie?' He gets up, his nostrils flaring with anger. Chuck thinks
98) 8) dialog: Don't let her fool you, too. She warms up to whoever says
98) 10) dialog: You really want to know? He would like Chuck to know the truth but does not want t Luckily they are interrupted as Ursula runs up, pointing
101) 5) dialog: You. hear that? He called me 'sir.' In their gaiety he carelessly puts a hand on Abby's leg.
105) 0) text: She finds Bill by the dorm throwing a switchblade in the
105) 2) dialog: Look what I traded off those clowns. For a bushel of corn She draws him by the arm behind a wall. She is trembling
105) 4) dialog: Chickie you mean? So what?
105) 6) dialog: What for? Why're you so worried what he thinks?
105) 9) dialog: Did I? Well, it never would've come up if you hadn't led Led Chickie on!
105) 11) dialog: Why's this guy still hanging on like a goddamn snapping t Because of you. Boy, this was a great idea. Right up ther with Lincoln going down to the theater, see what's on!
105) 13) dialog: Don't give me that. When a guy's getting screwed, he's go to holler.
105) 15) dialog: What?
105) 17) dialog: I heard what you said.
105) 19) dialog: You've gone sweet on him. You have, haven't you? Abby hesitates. Bill throws his knife away.
105) 21) dialog: Broad shoulders. I know. Very high morals. Why can't he t faster? It's like waiting for a hen to lay an egg.
105) 23) dialog: What's going on between us, Abby? Think about that. If yo out, tell me, will you? I'd appreciate it. (pause) Lord, but you do come on! You talking like this, used to around right under his nose. Somebody I met in a bar, rem Or maybe you walked in, thought it was a church. Well, I' it.I'm clearing out. You understand? They look at each other for a moment.
105) 25) dialog: Okay. He looks at her for a moment. He cannot be dealt with thi
106) 0) text: Bill stands on the ground below the master bedroom. Chuck
106) 1) dialog: I'm going away for a while. They're giving me a lift.
106) 3) dialog: I'm wearing one of your shirts. Let me take it off for yo
106) 5) dialog: I got my own. Just wasn't any clean today. Bill takes off the shirt, drapes it over a post and walks Chuck is not entirely sorry to see him go, nor is Abby; s
106) 6) text: Bill gives Ursula his money.
106) 7) dialog: We get split up for any reason, you spend that on school.
107) 0) text: The vaudevillians are ready to take off. Bill boards the
111) 0) text: Bill, meanwhile, stands in a line of panting, sweating IM On their shoulders they carry the huge barrel of a cannon
112) 0) text: Bill stands on the corner of a big city street, stamping out of the way.
114) 0) text: Bill sits in a cold flophouse trying to write a letter. A
116) 0) text: Bill is talking with a FRIEND in the hallway of a tenemen
116) 1) dialog: I can't seem to get my mind on anything. I thought, when off that place, boy, they'd better get all the women out sleep. A PANHANDLER approaches them with a hard-luck story.
125) 0) text: Bill rides an Indian motorcycle along a muddy road back t
126) 0) text: Abby sings to herself as she beats out a carpet. Bill app
126) 2) dialog: How's everybody been?
126) 4) dialog: Thanks. And Chuck?
126) 6) dialog: Actually I didn't mean it that way. (pause) I came back to help out with the harvest. He feels humiliated at not having a stronger excuse. But
126) 7) dialog: I thought about you a lot. Wrote you a letter, but it was
126) 9) dialog: Train. He looks her up and down.
126) 10) dialog: Nice dress.
126) 12) dialog: This is new, too.
128) 2) dialog: Great.
128) 4) dialog: Okay. They are silent for a moment. Bill senses that nobody exc
128) 6) dialog: Still hasn't wised up. Know what I mean? He asked how you doing, though. (pause) I told him. Ran into Sam, too. He'd been in a fight.
128) 8) dialog: His nose was like this. He pushes his nose to one side. Ursula and Abby laugh.
129) 0) text: Bill plants willow slips in the soft earth by the stock p
129) 2) dialog: Has she asked you anything about me?
129) 6) dialog: Why not?
129) 8) dialog: I can be the judge of that.
129) 10) dialog: Nobody has to know but us  chickens. (pause) What do I have to say to convince you? You tell me, I'll
129) 12) dialog: Nothing. She giggles and kisses him back. But guilt has caught up
129) 15) dialog: I should've gone in the church, like my father was after
131) 0) text: Bill has brought Abby into a nearby town to make some pur The TOWNSPEOPLE all speak German. Their peasant costumes
132) 0) text: They are stopped on the road a hundred yards outside the Abby smokes as Bill checks the radiator. Something in his
132) 1) dialog: How you been doing?
132) 3) dialog: We don't talk so much these days.
132) 5) dialog: I said a lot of stupid things before I went off.
132) 7) dialog: You've forgiven me?
132) 9) dialog: What're you worried about? She takes a swig. He laughs. She laughs back.
132) 10) dialog: So how'm I doing with you?
132) 12) dialog: What's happened? She shrugs, disengaging her hand to brush aside her hair.
132) 13) dialog: I probably ought to leave. I will.
132) 15) dialog: Where you going? He reaches out to catch her. She breaks away and starts t
132) 17) dialog: I'm not going to hurt you. I only want to talk with you. She stops and hides her face in her hands. He gently pull
132) 18) dialog: I didn't come back to make trouble for you. I guess we we each other to think it could last. I mean, What was I off Her eyes close and her legs give in. Bill lets her go and
132) 20) dialog: How'd we let it happen, Abby? We were so happy once. Why He touches his lips for a fraction of a second to hers, n
136) 0) text: He runs into Bill on the front porch.
136) 1) dialog: I've been looking for you. I have to take off again, real Chuck puts a hand on Bill's shoulder, stopping him. They
142) 3) text: The locusts snap through the air. Bill, swatting at them
145) 4) dialog: Come on. They might still lift. Hey, I've seen a wind lik down and die. Don't give up now.
145) 6) dialog: What're you doing? Watch it! What're you, crazy? There's still a chance, don't you see? Chuck goes to his horse. Bill grabs him by the sleeve. Do
145) 7) dialog: Stop him, or it's all going up. They, however, are too uncertain of their ground to inter
145) 9) dialog: What's got into you? They stare at each other. Bill backs off like a cat, sens
145) 12) dialog: Bill runs through the night, still carrying his lantern. Bill realizes the lantern is giving his position away He
145) 13) text: With a rough idea where Bill is, Chuck begins to lay a ri
145) 15) dialog: What're you doing? This is a bad place to talk He throws his coat over Abby's head, picks her up by the
145) 16) dialog: Did you see that? He was trying to burn me. What's got in
145) 18) dialog: A whole year's work. All wasted! These bugs, once they ma their minds... Bill stalls. The fire races toward them through the wheat
145) 19) dialog: I need to get out of here. I think you probably should, t (pause) Hell of a life. Damned if you do and damned if you don't. He leaves. Abby wonders if she ought to run after him.
147) 2) dialog: Bill, fleeing on his motorbike with his rabbit, holds up for a moment to watch the fire--a Biblical inferno of spe
151) 2) dialog: Bill is repairing his motorbike by a rock in the middle o He jumps behind the handlebars and fishtails off. Chuck b
151) 3) dialog: Who do you think you are? Now you've ruined it. What's go into you?
151) 5) dialog: Why do I have to tell you? I can come and go when I like. This is still a free country, last I heard. Bill stops when he sees the stool. Chuck calmly strops th
151) 6) dialog: What can I say? Too late for apologies. You've got a righ to hate me. Chuck puts the razor away and advances on Bill with the s
151) 7) dialog: I want to leave. You won't ever see me again. I already g I deserve. There is nothing Bill can say to appease him. This will b
151) 8) dialog: Watch it! Chuck comes at him again. Bill throws a punch, but Chuck Bill reels back and cracks his head on the bicycle frame.
151) 9) text: Chuck shuts his eyes to mumble a prayer of absolution--in Bill in a panic, snaps a spoke out of the broken wheel an Chuck moves in for the kill. Bill gets to his feet. He wa drives it deep into Chuck's heart. Chuck gasps. Bill seems just as shocked. Chuck sits down
151) 10) dialog: Should I pull it out? Chuck puts his finger over the end of the spoke. Blood se
151) 11) dialog: I better get somebody. He tries to catch the reins of Chuck's horse, but it shie
151) 12) dialog: You were my friend.
151) 13) text: The Belvedere is visible on the horizon. Bill hesitates a moment, then heads back on foot to find Abby. He gives Chuck a wide berth. Then, on a ridge in the distance, he spots Benson.
151) 14) dialog: Get a doctor! Fast! How much did he see? Bill does not stay to find out but takes off running, though not without first collecting hi rabbit. Benson, meanwhile, bounds down the hill to Chuck's side. His left sleeve has been burned away. The flesh beneath is the color of a raw steak.
152) 0) text: Bill finds Abby bound to the house like the figurehead of a ship. He cuts her loose. The ropes fall at her feet. They look at each other for a moment. Then, in a rush of compassion for them all, she throws her arms around him. Bill wonders if she is taking him back. Might their differences all have been a terrible misunderstanding?
152) 2) text: They run down to the barn, where the cars are stored. The saplings in the front yard have been stripped even of their bark. Abby stops to look back at the Belvedere one last time. Chuck does not want her anymore. How could she expect him to? Bill grabs her by the hand and tugs her along.
153) 0) text: Abby throws open the doors of the barn. Bill cranks up the engine of the Overland.
153) 2) dialog: Probably. Abby stands in the door. She is reluctant to leave, thoug knows they must.
153) 3) dialog: Get in. She notices that Bill's lip is cut, his shirt soaked with blood.
153) 5) dialog: Had an accident. She looks at him for a moment, not quite trusting this explanation. The engine catches with a noise like start- led poultry. Bill gets behind the wheel. Just as they are pulling out of the garage, Ursula runs up, black  as coal from battling the fire all night.
153) 7) dialog: (breathless) We got in a jam. You'll be safer here. Say we're headed f Take care of the rabbit, too. He's yours now. 
153) 9) dialog: Just do what I say. Why're you always arguing about every Wait here till we get in touch. Bill gives Ursula his wallet and a kiss. Abby gives her a
154) 1) text: As they crest a ridge, Benson appears in front of them, waving a hand to flag them down. Bill puts his foot on the gas. Benson sees they are not going to stop and fires at then with a pistol. Bill grabs a shotgun from a scab- bard under the dash and fires back. Nobody is hurt.
157) 0) text: They glide along in the hush of evening. The reeds are full of deer. Cranes, imprudently tame, dance on the sand bars. Bill looks around in wonder. He knows these may be his last days on earth. Abby throws a sounding line. A COUPLE from a local farm seeks privacy in the willows. Other BOATMEN glide past in silence. A CHILD plays a fiddle on the deck of a scow. HUNTERS creep along the shore in search of waterfowl.
158) 0) text: Bill sleeps under a tarp. Abby looks out across the water and bursts into sobs. She has wronged Chuck and thrown her life away.
160) 0) text: They drift idly on the flood. The phonograph is playing in the stern. Abby is back in trousers. Bill points to a white house on the shore, an image of comfort and peace
160) 1) dialog: I used to want a set-up like that. Something like that, I and you'd really have it made. Now I don't care. I just w we could always live this way. He sees that her mind is somewhere else. He wants to tell her the truth about Chuck, for intimacy's sake, but it would just put more of a cloud over everything. It might even cause her to hate him.
160) 2) dialog: Maybe you want to write him a  letter.
160) 4) dialog: You really do love him, don't you? She does not reply.
160) 5) dialog: You want to go back?
160) 7) dialog: Guess it's you and me again.
161) 0) text: The next morning finds them camped in a thicket on the ri front below a factory. Bill wakes up, mysteriously happy. Their blankets are hea with dew. Overhead, finches tilt from branch to branch. A light wind rushes through the leaves. Whatever his trou- bles, they seem very small to him in the great. scheme of things. He looks at Abby, mouthing silent words in her sleep. He puts on a white scarf and starts down to the boat. The slope is strewn with sodden cartons, burnt bricks and bur mattresses, an avalanche of urban excreta.
161) 4) dialog: Keep down. Can't explain now. They're here.
161) 6) dialog: Don't get shot. Look for me under that next bridge down.  After dark. He empties out the contents of his pockets -- a watch, a couple of dollars in change, a ring -- and slaps them dow in front of her. The Police fan out along the ridge above them. He jams a flare pistol into his belt and kisses her goodbye--after a moment's hesitation -- on the cheek. She tries in vain to hold him back.
161) 7) dialog: I wish I could tell you how much I love you.
162) 0) text: Bill runs from the thicket down to the water. The Police have bunched on the other side. It seems he might be able to escape. Keeping low, he splashes across a mud flat. Suddenly he runs into a trot line that a fisherman has left out overnight. The hooks bite into his thigh and shoulder, yanking a string of startled, thrashing catfish out of the water. He keeps running in a panic, not realizing the line is staked to the shore. All at once, he jackknifes in the air. The stake twangs loose. The Police now spot him  and begin firing.
162) 3) text: Bill stumbles along, trying to rip the hooks from his flesh, but the fish--fighting their way back to the water--only drive them in deeper. Ahead two MOUNTED POLICE surge into the river, blocking his retreat. He empties his shotgun at them and throws it away. They hold up, astonished. He dashes across a sand bar for the deep of the river and comparative safety. Black mud cling to his feet, drawing him down like a fly in molasses. Benson goes running out into the river ahead of the Polic
162) 5) text: Bill's blood fades off quickly in the gliding water of th river. The line of frightened catfish dances out behind him like a garland.