8) 1) dialog: Hi, Andrea. I'm Allison McCall. This is Jonathan Henson. We're from Maersk.
8) 3) dialog: I'm going to be managing anything media-related for you. Jonathan's going to be liaising with the Defense Department, so you'll be getting steady and real-time information. Okay. She's not here to deliver devastating news. Everyon relaxes. A sister-in-law, NANCY, extends a phone as:
8) 8) dialog: Mrs. Phillips, Maersk is not going to let anything happen to your husband.
132) 0) text: Dan is home now. He sits beside Andrea... and Amber, Nanc DAWN, JANET, PATTY (more sisters in law); LEA (Andrea's sister); Mike Willard; TEN OTHER NEIGHBORS. All of them looking at Allison - the Maersk rep - who sta in front of two ERASURE BOARDS. She shuts the tv off, and
132) 1) dialog: Okay. Rule Number One. No more tv. There are too many rumors bouncing around, and way too many opinions. From now on, we get our information only from the State Department, Defense Department, or from Maersk. (MORE )
132) 4) text: ALLISON (cont'd) Everything that's confirmed goes on these erasure boards. Starting with this: the USS Bainbridge is on site and in contact with the pirates. There hasn't been an official ransom demand made yet. The Commander of the Bainbridge is taking his orders from a Task Force Commander, who answers to the Flag Officer of the Task Force, an Admiral named Michelle Howard. We are in touch with her on a regular basis.
132) 6) dialog: She answers to the Fifth Fleet Commander in Bahrain. He answers to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who answers to the Secretary of Defense, and ultimately President Obama. All of whom are monitoring this situation closely. The President is receiving regular updates on the situation. If he feels a military response is required, he will give the go-ahead for a rescue. It's his call. Flattering, right? It is. So why'd Andrea just go pale?
153) 0) text: Allison emerges on to the patio - to find Andrea, hiding again, alone against the snow, staring sadly at that old SHIP'S BELL.
153) 2) dialog: I'm counting on it. Andrea smiles. Allison sits.
153) 6) dialog: Your family's doing a prayer circle. You wanna come in?
153) 8) dialog: The Navy's doing exactly what it set out to do - isolate the pirates and keep them from getting to shore.
153) 10) dialog: It's not an indicator of our confidence in the outcome... That sounded lame, and she knows it. A beat passes...
153) 11) dialog: Do you want to come in with us? Andrea starts to cry again, can't quite hold it in.
169) 0) text: She hurries down the steep steps, zeroes in on a sofa... where Allison sleeps. Andrea shakes her awake, urgently:
169) 3) dialog: What? What happened?
169) 5) dialog: So?
169) 8) dialog: Andrea, what're you talking about?
169) 10) dialog: It's lovely.
169) 12) dialog: Let me work on this. INT. LIFEBOAT —- CONTINUING Musi gives some last instructions to Najee. Elmi guards Phillips. Bilal prays, Phillips watching...
180) 2) dialog: Put me on speaker. I want the kids to hear this too. Andrea hits the speaker button...
184) 0) text: TIGHT on Allison, who holds up a CELLPHONE, to capture: ...an ENTIRE CONGREGATION, in unison:
200) 0) text: She flies down the stairs. Mariah and Dan turn, startled. .+.-JjJust as Allison rushes in through the door, breathl
200) 2) dialog: It's true. Andrea throws her head back, grabs the kids. They're at a loss - but they hang on. She starts crying, as: ...the PHONE RINGS. Andrea's head snaps toward it. Her ey meet Allison's. Andrea gets to the phone, answers it.