0) 0) text: An enclosed, fiberglass LIFEBOAT, 28 feet long - with 60 seats, and HATCHES fore and aft. It's steamy, hot, even a night. Floating on the Indian Ocean, 300 miles from Somal RICHARD PHILLIPS sleeps upright in this sweatbox, at gunpoint. He's 50, a career merchant mariner - now a host His captors are four Somali pirates: BILAL is 16, his lef foot wrapped in bloody gauze. ELMI is 25, has a three-col ROPE on his lap. NAJEE is 24. They're asleep too. But: MUSI, their leader, is wide awake. 25 years old, 5'9", ma 135 pounds. A rail-thin killer. His hand, bandaged and bloody, holds an AK-47 as he studies the sleeping Phillip After a beat, Musi rises, and "undogs" (opens) the AFT HA stepping out onto the lifeboat's tiny AFT DECK. He lays h AK at his feet, and pees off the edge. Phillips' eyes instantly snap open. Turns out, he was awa He assesses his options - IMAGES, hitting us in a hurry: Three pirates asleep; the THREE-COLORED ROPE on Elmi's la Musi's back turned to us; the AK on the deck... and SIX F FUEL BUCKETS, tied down in the boat's nose. It's time to So he rises, heads for the aft hatch. The rest is a blur:
1) 3) text: Musi surfaces, howling in Somali at his crew. * Next Phillips hears the engine of the lifeboat roaring to life. He swims, kicks, gasps... then he looks back. Oh no The lifeboat is coming at him, Musi clinging to its side. Phillips sucks in air, and DIVES down. Even underwater h hear the pirates shouting. The lifeboat passes over him, STOPS, idling right atop him. Phillips can touch its hull He surfaces beneath the bow - a quiet breath - grabs the ENGINE COOLING PIPES under the keel and guides himself al FOOTSTEPS on the deck above him. Pirates howling, enraged ducks under the boat again, comes up on the port side. But waiting there, in the water, is Musi. Oh shit. They lunge for each other's throats instantly. Hand-to-ha combat, just like that. Phillips gets Musi's head under water, Musi's scream turning into a burble of air. Holding the guy down - Musi flailing, kicking - Phillips trying to drown the bastard, until... another nightmare: POP POP POP. Three rounds from the AK, whistling past his into the water. He looks up. Elmi, on deck. Firing. It's over. Phillips releases Musi. That fast, Phillips is yanked out of the water by Elmi an Bilal, thrown through that aft hatch and back inside, whe INT. LIFEBOAT —- CONTINUING Elmi and Bilal throw him to the floor of the boat. Then t pounce: beating the hell out of him. Najee jumps in too. after shot, swarming like angry bees.
1) 10) dialog: Why you didn't just shoot us? (Phillips is silent) Gun was right there. Why you don't just grab it and shoot us?
21) 3) text: It has two SKIFFS tied to its stern: motorboats. Not much amenities, but fast. The rest of this harbor is empty... Musi walks a rickety dock, approaching the pirate-trawler THREE CREW-MEMBERS see him coming. They stand at attentio Bilal. Elmi. Najee. Musi nods to them and boards the Traw
27) 1) dialog: Why you do that? All the ships we board, no captain ever speak Somali.
84) 0) text: Bilal and Najee arrive on the bridge now. Shouting, point their AK's. Musi smiles.
85) 22) dialog: Down! Down! ATM and Wright drop their heads, the AK's pressed inches from them now. Things just ramped up in a hurry.
90) 0) text: Phillips leads Musi and Bilal into a 65-foot-long passage When the door shuts, we're in semi-DARKNESS. Every fourth light lit. And we're adrift. It's spooky, even for pirate Phillips starts talking. Too loud. With his RADIO KEYED:
94) 0) text: Phillips, Musi, Bilal - searching this passageway:
99) 0) text: Another 65-foot-long corridor. Phillips, Musi, Bilal. +e HF FF
100) 0) text: ATM Raiza's room. There's a PRAYER RUG on the floor. And ARROW on a desk, pointing to "Mecca." Musi stops. Bilal t
100) 1) dialog: Muslim? Musi throws a searing look at Bilal: "Quiet!" Bilal shrin
102) 0) text: Another corridor. Phillips, Musi, Bilal.
103) 0) text: Musi searches another small room, then stops: there's a p of NEW SANDALS lying here. He eyes them. Hmmmm. His sandals are old, ratty. But Bilal has no sandals at a Musi takes the new sandals for himself and shuts the door without Bilal knowing what he's missed. But Phillips saw.
105) 0) text: Sudden BLACKNESS. The Emergency Power just shut off. ..-and we're in a windowless corridor. Musi grabs the flashlight from Bilal, too quickly. It falls to the groun
107) 0) text: Murphy himself is hiding in this Kitchen... huddled under desk. Phillips spots the edge of Murphy's shoe, sticking out... but he keeps his poker face. In fact: He shines the flashlight on Bilal's bare feet - just inch away from the hiding Murphy, who notes them, as intended. Phillips opens the fridge. Of course, no light pops on. H pulls out four big CANTALOUPES, and some JUICE-BOXES. Han them to Bilal, who has the AK in his hands.
110) 0) text: Phillips leads Musi and Bilal toward the Engine Room, wel aware that his crew is in there somewhere.
110) 17) text: door. He just heads out. Bilal follows, limping.
112) 0) text: ATM, Wright, and Marv on the floor. Najee and Elmi on gua The door opens. Phillips, Musi and Bilal return - Bilal hobbling, bleeding badly. Najee and Elmi are silent, only because voicing disappointment would be insubordinate. But Musi can feel their anxiousness. It infuriates him. S
116) 0) text: TWO HOURS have passed, in silence and heat. Tension hangi Phillips is removing the glass from Bilal's feet. It feel like kindness, but Bilal can't quite trust it.
120) 0) text: The lifeboat sits on those skids, above B-Deck. Anyone in it will drop from here, 45 feet straight into the sea. Elmi, Najee, and Bilal eye it, trying to look undaunted.
123) 0) text: Najee, Elmi, and Bilal get their first look inside the lifeboat: hatches, seats, the elevated bridge... (They do know it yet, but this will be "home" for the next few day
124) 2) dialog: Hey, Irish. How come you do that? Your guy wanna take your place in here with the dangerous pirates. How come you say no?
135) 1) dialog: Navy here, Boss! U.S. Navy! *
147) 32) dialog: I never been anywhere else. That landed. Bilal walks away. Phillips sags. On the brid Musi starts singing a SOMALI WAR SONG. Loud. Off-key. Intentionally unsettling. And he keeps singing, as:
161) 0) text: Phillips keeps resisting, fighting, kicking, never moving fists from under his chin. Pirates howling, spitting, unt THUMP. Silence. Everything goes white. Bilal just butt-ended him in the head with the handgun. Phillips falls forward, on to the suit. Everything foggy.
174) 6) dialog: I didn't say anything.
182) 4) text: Sure enough, Bilal emerges from the bow-hatch of the lifeboat, releasing the tow-line from the Bainbridge.