0) 0) text: An enclosed, fiberglass LIFEBOAT, 28 feet long - with 60 seats, and HATCHES fore and aft. It's steamy, hot, even a night. Floating on the Indian Ocean, 300 miles from Somal RICHARD PHILLIPS sleeps upright in this sweatbox, at gunpoint. He's 50, a career merchant mariner - now a host His captors are four Somali pirates: BILAL is 16, his lef foot wrapped in bloody gauze. ELMI is 25, has a three-col ROPE on his lap. NAJEE is 24. They're asleep too. But: MUSI, their leader, is wide awake. 25 years old, 5'9", ma 135 pounds. A rail-thin killer. His hand, bandaged and bloody, holds an AK-47 as he studies the sleeping Phillip After a beat, Musi rises, and "undogs" (opens) the AFT HA stepping out onto the lifeboat's tiny AFT DECK. He lays h AK at his feet, and pees off the edge. Phillips' eyes instantly snap open. Turns out, he was awa He assesses his options - IMAGES, hitting us in a hurry: Three pirates asleep; the THREE-COLORED ROPE on Elmi's la Musi's back turned to us; the AK on the deck... and SIX F FUEL BUCKETS, tied down in the boat's nose. It's time to So he rises, heads for the aft hatch. The rest is a blur:
1) 3) text: Musi surfaces, howling in Somali at his crew. * Next Phillips hears the engine of the lifeboat roaring to life. He swims, kicks, gasps... then he looks back. Oh no The lifeboat is coming at him, Musi clinging to its side. Phillips sucks in air, and DIVES down. Even underwater h hear the pirates shouting. The lifeboat passes over him, STOPS, idling right atop him. Phillips can touch its hull He surfaces beneath the bow - a quiet breath - grabs the ENGINE COOLING PIPES under the keel and guides himself al FOOTSTEPS on the deck above him. Pirates howling, enraged ducks under the boat again, comes up on the port side. But waiting there, in the water, is Musi. Oh shit. They lunge for each other's throats instantly. Hand-to-ha combat, just like that. Phillips gets Musi's head under water, Musi's scream turning into a burble of air. Holding the guy down - Musi flailing, kicking - Phillips trying to drown the bastard, until... another nightmare: POP POP POP. Three rounds from the AK, whistling past his into the water. He looks up. Elmi, on deck. Firing. It's over. Phillips releases Musi. That fast, Phillips is yanked out of the water by Elmi an Bilal, thrown through that aft hatch and back inside, whe INT. LIFEBOAT —- CONTINUING Elmi and Bilal throw him to the floor of the boat. Then t pounce: beating the hell out of him. Najee jumps in too. after shot, swarming like angry bees.
21) 3) text: It has two SKIFFS tied to its stern: motorboats. Not much amenities, but fast. The rest of this harbor is empty... Musi walks a rickety dock, approaching the pirate-trawler THREE CREW-MEMBERS see him coming. They stand at attentio Bilal. Elmi. Najee. Musi nods to them and boards the Traw
75) 0) text: Phillips fires two more flares... They skitter off the de and into the sea as Elmi also boards the Maersk.
76) 0) text: All that stands between Musi and the bridge is seven flig of steps - protected by that steel "PIRATE CAGE". He nods to Elmi, who SHOOTS THE LOCK OFF THE CAGE. The ca swings harmlessly to the side. Easy. They begin to climb. INT. MAERSK —- BRIDGE —- RESUMING Phillips knows they're coming. Damn it. He grabs the radi (NOTE: it will stay on his hip for the next 12 hours.)
78) 0) text: Musi and Elmi, nearing the top...
95) 0) text: Perry emerges from the PORT STAIRWELL. His eyes adjust. 57. From here, he can see across the deck. 50 feet away is hi target: the ship's EMERGENCY GENERATOR. Five feet tall, f feet long, ten feet wide. Green. But: Straight above it, seven stories off the deck, is a grate metal WALKWAY jutting off the Bridge. Elmi_ is currently standing guard on it, meaning he can s from here straight through to the Generator below.
101) 0) text: Perry closes his eyes, grabs the CRUCIFIX around his neck heartfelt prayer, then starts across the deck - racing fo that EMERGENCY GENERATOR, directly below Elmi.
104) 0) text: Perry - unseen by Elmi, seven stories above - gets to the EMERGENCY GENERATOR. It has a lid, like a dumpster. 61. Perry opens it. Yanks a FUEL VALVE loose. Then throws TWO SWITCHES... and:
112) 0) text: ATM, Wright, and Marv on the floor. Najee and Elmi on gua The door opens. Phillips, Musi and Bilal return - Bilal hobbling, bleeding badly. Najee and Elmi are silent, only because voicing disappointment would be insubordinate. But Musi can feel their anxiousness. It infuriates him. S
120) 0) text: The lifeboat sits on those skids, above B-Deck. Anyone in it will drop from here, 45 feet straight into the sea. Elmi, Najee, and Bilal eye it, trying to look undaunted.
122) 0) text: Phillips siphons fuel from a DIESEL GENERATOR into bucket Najee stands guard. Elmi is a few feet away, flipping the same GENERATOR switches that Perry used to kill the power
122) 2) dialog: You trouble, Irish. You pain in the ass.
123) 0) text: Najee, Elmi, and Bilal get their first look inside the lifeboat: hatches, seats, the elevated bridge... (They do know it yet, but this will be "home" for the next few day
136) 2) dialog: Come. Wave. Phillips appears in the hatch, waves at the sailors... th Elmi pulls him back down below. A beat... Kinimura's men hand over the provisions: a RADIO, batteri water, chocolate POP-TARTS. And, strangely, A-1 Steak Sau Kinimura pulls the radio out, hands it to Musi:
169) 15) dialog: Maybe you start now. In other words, bow down and face Mecca. Phillips shrugs.
169) 18) dialog: Why?
169) 20) dialog: What you tell them, Irish?
170) 8) dialog: Why you talk to him like that?
172) 4) dialog: You shut up, Irish!
172) 6) dialog: Why you keep talking?! Elmi tosses a rope at him, angrily.
172) 7) dialog: Here. You tie knot. Like we do.
174) 0) text: Elmi slaps Phillips. Two ropes fall to the floor.
174) 1) dialog: That's lalil! The ropes can't touch!
174) 3) dialog: You don't know. 111.
174) 5) dialog: You don't listen to this!
174) 7) dialog: You want to be an American sailor? You want to be lazy and drink beer? Go ahead, go to movies with him. Be a nigger. Go ahead. Elmi shouts at Bilal - in Somali now - Bilal shouting bac both men rising -- a flashpoint, until:
174) 11) dialog: Unclean place, Phillips. You going to an unclean place.
177) 1) dialog: You move here. He gestures to a seat. Phillips moves to the seat.
177) 2) dialog: You pick that up! He gestures to a cloth. Phillips picks it up.
177) 3) dialog: You put it over there! Phillips does so - then stands up tall, sweat pouring dow
177) 7) dialog: Military posture. Verrrrry good. The chanting continues. Najee nods to Bilal, who puts a BLINDFOLD on Phillips...
179) 0) text: Phillips puts his forehead to his shoulder, shaking the blindfold off. Elmi, livid, slugs him - puts it back on. 114.
181) 1) dialog: What're you doing, Irish?
181) 3) dialog: You sit!
181) 5) dialog: We shoot you!
183) 0) text: Najee hits the IGNITION. The lifeboat engine rumbles awak Phillips whips around - his eyes on those FUEL BUCKETS in nose of the ship as Elmi grabs him, pushes him back on to survival suit, knocking Phillips down to his knees. We he
186) 0) text: Elmi ties Phillips' hands behind his back, RE-BLINDFOLDS
186) 3) dialog: You think so, Irish? * Phillips sees Bilal, approaching the Bridge - then DARKNE
187) 0) text: Suddenly, all three pirates appear on the lifeboat bridge Pettis has his target, (Elmi), scoped.