0) 0) text: An enclosed, fiberglass LIFEBOAT, 28 feet long - with 60 seats, and HATCHES fore and aft. It's steamy, hot, even a night. Floating on the Indian Ocean, 300 miles from Somal RICHARD PHILLIPS sleeps upright in this sweatbox, at gunpoint. He's 50, a career merchant mariner - now a host His captors are four Somali pirates: BILAL is 16, his lef foot wrapped in bloody gauze. ELMI is 25, has a three-col ROPE on his lap. NAJEE is 24. They're asleep too. But: MUSI, their leader, is wide awake. 25 years old, 5'9", ma 135 pounds. A rail-thin killer. His hand, bandaged and bloody, holds an AK-47 as he studies the sleeping Phillip After a beat, Musi rises, and "undogs" (opens) the AFT HA stepping out onto the lifeboat's tiny AFT DECK. He lays h AK at his feet, and pees off the edge. Phillips' eyes instantly snap open. Turns out, he was awa He assesses his options - IMAGES, hitting us in a hurry: Three pirates asleep; the THREE-COLORED ROPE on Elmi's la Musi's back turned to us; the AK on the deck... and SIX F FUEL BUCKETS, tied down in the boat's nose. It's time to So he rises, heads for the aft hatch. The rest is a blur:
1) 3) text: Musi surfaces, howling in Somali at his crew. * Next Phillips hears the engine of the lifeboat roaring to life. He swims, kicks, gasps... then he looks back. Oh no The lifeboat is coming at him, Musi clinging to its side. Phillips sucks in air, and DIVES down. Even underwater h hear the pirates shouting. The lifeboat passes over him, STOPS, idling right atop him. Phillips can touch its hull He surfaces beneath the bow - a quiet breath - grabs the ENGINE COOLING PIPES under the keel and guides himself al FOOTSTEPS on the deck above him. Pirates howling, enraged ducks under the boat again, comes up on the port side. But waiting there, in the water, is Musi. Oh shit. They lunge for each other's throats instantly. Hand-to-ha combat, just like that. Phillips gets Musi's head under water, Musi's scream turning into a burble of air. Holding the guy down - Musi flailing, kicking - Phillips trying to drown the bastard, until... another nightmare: POP POP POP. Three rounds from the AK, whistling past his into the water. He looks up. Elmi, on deck. Firing. It's over. Phillips releases Musi. That fast, Phillips is yanked out of the water by Elmi an Bilal, thrown through that aft hatch and back inside, whe INT. LIFEBOAT —- CONTINUING Elmi and Bilal throw him to the floor of the boat. Then t pounce: beating the hell out of him. Najee jumps in too. after shot, swarming like angry bees.
1) 4) dialog: We kill you! Kill you! Shouting, spitting, kicking. Elmi ties Phillips' hands to horizontal bar, exposing his torso. Bilal trusses Phillip feet to the base of a seat. He's helpless, a punching bag .+-as Musi, wet and enraged now, steps up. Silence... The
21) 3) text: It has two SKIFFS tied to its stern: motorboats. Not much amenities, but fast. The rest of this harbor is empty... Musi walks a rickety dock, approaching the pirate-trawler THREE CREW-MEMBERS see him coming. They stand at attentio Bilal. Elmi. Najee. Musi nods to them and boards the Traw
71) 0) text: Najee unfolds and extends a LADDER straight up. Damn thin twenty feet long, Home Depot quality, with GRAPPLING HOOK 43.
84) 0) text: Bilal and Najee arrive on the bridge now. Shouting, point their AK's. Musi smiles.
85) 22) dialog: Down! Down! ATM and Wright drop their heads, the AK's pressed inches from them now. Things just ramped up in a hurry.
85) 25) dialog: Minute thirty now! 52.
85) 28) dialog: One minute! We kill everyone!
85) 32) dialog: Thirty seconds! You hear me! Thirty seconds and you DIE!
87) 1) dialog: Fifteen seconds!
87) 4) dialog: Ten seconds! 53.
87) 8) dialog: Five seconds!
87) 10) dialog: We kill you all! Najee yells. Elmi and Bilal too. Deafening. Wright starts yelling out of sheer terror. ..-when a single unexpected sound pierces the air. A knock, at the bridge door. Everything stops. Every head turns. Musi nods to Phillips "Go open it." Phillips crosses to the door, opens it. Sig ..-because it's Marv. Of course. Right where he shouldn't Phillips can hardly believe it.
112) 0) text: ATM, Wright, and Marv on the floor. Najee and Elmi on gua The door opens. Phillips, Musi and Bilal return - Bilal hobbling, bleeding badly. Najee and Elmi are silent, only because voicing disappointment would be insubordinate. But Musi can feel their anxiousness. It infuriates him. S
114) 6) text: to Najee, handing off the AK and mumbling instructions.
116) 1) dialog: Where are they? Where they go?
116) 4) dialog: (re: Phillips) You no come back, he die. Wright nods, rises. Marv too. The pirates feign disintere .»-which gives Phillips a chance to say to Wright, quietl
118) 3) dialog: You have our guy?
118) 5) dialog: We don't have a boat.
118) 7) dialog: We need money.
118) 9) dialog: Show me.
119) 2) dialog: And how much you worth, Irish? How much a couple of your guys worth? 70. That had some edge. Phillips hands over the cash.
120) 0) text: The lifeboat sits on those skids, above B-Deck. Anyone in it will drop from here, 45 feet straight into the sea. Elmi, Najee, and Bilal eye it, trying to look undaunted.
120) 1) dialog: Need more fuel.
120) 3) dialog: And food. Water. Phillips calls out... one deck up... to:
121) 6) dialog: You show us our captain!
122) 0) text: Phillips siphons fuel from a DIESEL GENERATOR into bucket Najee stands guard. Elmi is a few feet away, flipping the same GENERATOR switches that Perry used to kill the power
122) 4) dialog: No. More fuel.
122) 6) dialog: More.
123) 0) text: Najee, Elmi, and Bilal get their first look inside the lifeboat: hatches, seats, the elevated bridge... (They do know it yet, but this will be "home" for the next few day
123) 12) dialog: No. That halted things. Murphy waits. Phillips not reacting,
123) 13) dialog: You come in water with us. When we have captain back, you show him how boat works, then you go free.
123) 16) dialog: New deal. 73. That fast, everything ramps up. Elmi points his AK at Dur Bilal, on one foot, points his at the guys on C-Deck. And suddenly everybody's barking - Somali vs. English:
123) 17) dialog: (re: crew-members ) Who you like least, Captain? Who you don't mind if they dead? More barking. More AK-pointing, testosterone rising - unt
123) 20) dialog: You get in the boat, nobody shout at nobody.
133) 6) text: Musi nods, then barks at Najee in Somali. Najee removes t clip from the AK, starts banging again... Finally, he breaks _a_ pane. A small trickle of air blows
174) 8) dialog: Shut up! They turn. Najee is on the bridge, glaring at Elmi and Bi
174) 9) dialog: Come here. The two pirates approach the bridge. We FOLLOW... .+.as they see what he's seeing, the TOW-LINE, tightening
174) 10) dialog: They're pulling us in. Fear. Rage. Elmi and Bilal storm at Phillips, the MUZZLES their weapons inches from his face, that fast.
177) 8) dialog: Animal! Lazy animal!
181) 7) dialog: Cut the tow-line.
183) 0) text: Najee hits the IGNITION. The lifeboat engine rumbles awak Phillips whips around - his eyes on those FUEL BUCKETS in nose of the ship as Elmi grabs him, pushes him back on to survival suit, knocking Phillips down to his knees. We he
186) 4) dialog: No problem, no problem. Just a mistake. No shooting. Okay? But he's about to ram the Bainbridge. Fuel sloshes out of uncapped buckets as the lifeboat floor vibrates...