3) 115) dialog: OK, break it up! Break it up! You! Chandler! One more time and you are OUT. Understand me? Patrick sees LEE in the stands, over the coach’s shoulder
3) 117) dialog: What’s that, Chandler?
3) 119) dialog: OK, you are out! You're benched!
3) 121) dialog: What’s that? What’s the matter? Patrick skates over to Lee. The Coach sees Lee and hesita A small scrappy kid named JOEL skates up, followed by CJ, big handsome athletic kid. These are Patrick’s friends.
3) 123) dialog: Whose dad? Chandler’s? Co JOEL He’s got congestive heart ...-He only comes up when Mr failure. Patrick’s dad, I Chandler’s in the hospital. mean. Not Patrick. Some other kids skate up and are watching Patrick and LEE
3) 124) dialog: That’s Lee Chandler? The Lee Chandler? Co Yeah, but you know that stuff about him’s bullshit, Mr Howard.
3) 126) dialog: You guys wanna watch the language? JOEL Co Sorry. Sorry. Across the rink, Lee is talking to Patrick. Patrick is kicking up little shards of ice with his skate. The Coach notices that all the kids have stopped to watch.
3) 127) dialog: OK, Everybody wanna mind their own business? Five minute break. That means five! The kids break up, marginally. The Coach skates over to L and Patrick. They talk briefly. The Coach puts a well-mea but sentimental hand on Patrick’s shoulder. Lee goes back the aisle. CJ and Joel skate over to Patrick. He tells them. They re sincerely and with sympathy. They squeeze his shoulder, t each hug him. All the kids are watching again by now. HOCKEY COACH (CONT’D) OK, show’s over! Let’s line it up again! Come on, line up! The kids start skating around, lining up at the blue line Patrick breaks away and skates toward the exit by himself INT. LEE’S CAR (MOVING). DUSK. The winter sun is getting low. Patrick sports a semi-grun garage-band look. Longish greasy hair, Army jacket, black shirt with some design on it, cargo pants maybe.
3) 247) dialog: We're gonna forget about the language. We’re gonna forget about the fists. But I want you to take a few days offa practice. I don’t want you on the ice. You got enough on your mind.
3) 249) dialog: The ice is not a distraction. When you're on the ice, you gotta be there. Take the week and we’1l talk. And listen: I lost my dad right about your age. So I know what you’re goin’ through. So if you wanna come in and talk, or you just want somebody to spill your guts to -- or you just wanna throw the bull around, door’s open. INT./EXT. LEE’S CAR/MANCHESTER ESSEX HIGH SCHOOL. DAY. Lee picks Patrick up from school and they drive away. INT. LEE’S CAR (MOVING) DAY. They drive through town.