22) 0) text: 23 Franklin lays on a chaise being examined by a DOCTOR, who leans over him holding out his hand.
22) 1) dialog: Can you take my hand? Franklin tries, but can't. Almost his entire body is paralyzed. He can only breathe and blink. The Doctor glances at Eleanor, Louis and Sara indicating should follow him out.
23) 0) text: 24 As the door from the sun room opens onto the porch, Ellio there waiting. Seeing them coming, he dashes off into the yard so as not to be seen as Eleanor, Louis, Sara and the Doctor enter.
23) 1) dialog: He has Infantile Paralysis. Polio. Sara sinks into a chair.
23) 7) text: How did he get it? DOCTOR
23) 9) text: It was the visit to that god damned Boy Scout Camp! DOCTOR
48) 8) text: New York has the best doctors and hospitals in the country. F RANKLIN
76) 14) text: We still need a doctor here.
88) 22) text: Well, you're the doctor. 90
95) 6) text: I... I'll take you to the best doctors. We'll go to Atlanta right now -- TOM
95) 7) text: I've seen the best doctors. When you were in New York they opened me up for the second time. Now I just want to die in the bed I was born. Franklin is struggling with this. TOM
106) 5) text: Getting a doctor to live on the premises full-time. Someone who, at the very least, could monitor our progress. Make us legitimate. She begins to take off Franklin's braces -- a series of intricate buckles. Eleanor slides the braces off his legs. His legs, though deeply tanned are withered and spindly. He is still weari his shoes. ELEANOR
109) 0) text: 110 The stage is lit with a skeleton hanging on a stand and l projections on a screen of spinal discs while a DOCTOR, i dull litany, intones a prepared speech.
109) 1) dialog: A clinical situation where the radicular or nerve root is compressed by the prolapsed disc is referred to as a radiculopathy. Double doors fly open with a BANG as all heads turn to se Franklin and Eleanor.
109) 15) text: One DOCTOR in particular, 60's, leans forward in his chai listening with great interest. FRANKLIN
110) 6) text: Well, I believe you must say what you feel in your heart -- what you feel is right, for you'll be criticized anyway. Damned if you do -- damned if you don't. DR. HEBERT, military in bearing -- the doctor who listene intensely -- steps up in line and shakes hands with Elean and then Franklin.
128) 21) text: This isn't a replacement for the real work we're doing to get you on your feet again, understand? No one is throwing in the towel or even agreeing with that doctor's report... FRANKLIN