8) 0) text: ELEANOR ROOSEVELT, 34, is dictating a letter. Her enormou eyes, liquid and blue, reveal a woman of extraordinary intelligence and depth.
8) 1) dialog: Unfortunately, I would be of little assistance to the Junior Assistance League. Particularly if my purpose were to appear as an alumna who is gifted at public speaking. She is dictating to LUCY MERCER, 27, deeply feminine with head of soft dark hair and an accommodating nature. She i Eleanor's social secretary and closest friend. She is also the WOMAN dancing with Franklin the night bef
8) 3) dialog: Thank you and if you ask again I shall scream?
8) 5) text: Why don't you ask your husband for some pointers? He's a pretty gifted public speaker, don't you think? LOUIS HOWE, 48, is a wizened man of limited stature and unlimited soul. Franklin's political advisor extraordinai part consiglieri and part priest. He is the mastermind be what he believes will be the greatest political career of twentieth century. He gets up and leans in closely to Eleanor. A cigarette d off his lip and the smoke rises up and curls in her face. LOUIS
8) 6) text: You should get out once in a while. Accepting that invitation would be good for Franklin's career. ELEANOR
8) 8) text: In the street, Mrs. Roosevelt? ELEANOR
8) 9) text: If you like. Eleanor smiles oh-so politely at Louis, as Franklin enter from the dining room. FRANKLIN
8) 10) text: I see it's not even eight a.m. and already the gloves are off. (kissing Eleanor on the cheek) Good morning, Babs. Hello, Miss Mercer.   L UCY
8) 16) dialog: Should I expect you for dinner?
8) 18) dialog: Do you wish me to come?
8) 20) dialog: (a beat)
10) 0) text: 10 A large grandfather clock reads 3:00. The sound of a key in the front door turns and Franklin quietly enters. His hair is a mess and his clothing is slightly askew. As he comes through the hall two eyes shine in the darkne They belong to Eleanor sitting rigidly on a settee, liste to the sound of Franklin's footsteps going up the stairs. 11
11) 0) text: Franklin goes into his bedroom. Eleanor quietly comes up stairs and stops for a brief moment by Franklin's door, t goes off to her bedroom closing the door behind her.
12) 0) text: 12 Franklin lays sleeping in his bed as Eleanor enters quiet so as not to wake him. Carefully she picks up a set of keys on the dresser then turns and notices a packet of letters sitting on top of a open duffle bag. Tentatively she reaches for them. She brings the packet, with a piece of ribbon, up to her nose. She is shocked by their familiar scent. With trembling hands she unties the ribbon. Tears flood d her cheeks as she reads. Franklin opens his eyes.
14) 2) dialog: I have offered Franklin his freedom.
14) 10) dialog: It's obvious that my input in this matter is of little importance. She begins to exit the room, but Franklin is up like a sh
15) 0) text: 15 Franklin chases Eleanor. Midway up the stairs, she turns.
15) 5) dialog: For forcing me to face my life honestly for the first time.
15) 7) dialog: You never do. You live your life skimming the surface... never aware of the attachments beneath. (finding her anger)
21) 0) text: Eleanor sits quietly on the front porch knitting -- in a world of her own. A few feet away -- also in a world of his own -- sits Lou overdressed for summer in a three piece suit. An overflow ashtray is by his side and piles of newspaper lie at his feet. He holds up a paper to Eleanor with the photo of Franklin the Boy Scouts.
21) 5) text: Festina lente! ("Not so fast!") One by one the other children all pile on top of Franklin Elliot. ELEANOR
21) 7) text: Up! Up, chicks! You heard your mother! Everyone runs up the porch stairs and into the house exce Franklin. ELEANOR
21) 10) text: I'm fine. (re: her knitting) Oh, that's pretty, Babs. He puts his hand on Eleanor's shoulder and leans in to bu her cheek but Eleanor quickly stands. ELEANOR
23) 0) text: 24 As the door from the sun room opens onto the porch, Ellio there waiting. Seeing them coming, he dashes off into the yard so as not to be seen as Eleanor, Louis, Sara and the Doctor enter.
23) 10) text: In all honesty you need to be looking forward, not back. ELEANOR
23) 12) text: The damage to his leg muscles is extensive. I suspect he will be paralyzed from the waist down. ELEANOR
23) 16) text: You will need to prepare yourselves. There is a deep depression that follows an illness of this magnitude. I'm afraid life as he knew it is over. Their discussion is suddenly interrupted by the sound of child crying. Eleanor rushes off the porch to the bushes.
24) 0) text: 25 Eleanor finds Elliot, having heard everything, curled up ball, weeping. She leans down and wraps her arms around h
26) 0) text: 27 Sara, Eleanor and Louis are in heated conversation.
26) 2) dialog: But what kind of life is that?
26) 7) dialog: He can pursue a career, Mama.
26) 11) text: fantasy of a political future for my son... is there nothing you won't do to keep your job? Sara leaves as Eleanor goes after her.
26) 12) dialog: Mama! That's not fair!
28) 2) dialog: What kind of life is it to be hidden away? I know you believe that what you are suggesting for Franklin is best. But I think you are making it harder for him.
28) 4) dialog: And I am his wife. Sara stares at Eleanor in disbelief. Eleanor stares back unflinching.
32) 14) text: It was Eleanor's idea. Franklin's face is immobile. WAITRESS
33) 0) text: 34 Franklin and Eleanor sit next to one another. Franklin is shaved and cleaned up considerably. However, the tension between them is palpable. Eleanor kn furiously while talking. Franklin looks out the window at African-American FIELD HANDS hard at work in the red clay hills of Georgia.
33) 1) dialog: James has been doing so much better now that Elliot has joined him at Groton. They've put their differences behind them and have become a real team. Franklin observes two YOUNG BOYS, African-American, runni alongside the slow-moving train.
33) 2) dialog: Two peas in a pod. Last week they were both in the infirmary with the F         same cold. ranklin eyes a wagon pulled by a mule. The driver, a FARM takes off his hat and wipes his brow in the hot sun.
35) 6) dialog: Call me Eleanor.
36) 0) text: 37 Tom drives Franklin in front, Eleanor sits in the back.
36) 4) dialog: How long have you been manager of the Inn?
39) 0) text: 40 Tom and Pete open a set of shutters over the windows of a tiny cottage. Franklin and Eleanor sit in the car, watching.
42) 0) text: 43 Eleanor stands in the middle of the tiny living room stun by the squalor. She speaks to Franklin who is changing in other room.
42) 3) dialog: This is madness.
42) 5) dialog: Tell me again, Franklin, why are we here? Franklin is wheeled out by Roy, now changed into a bathin suit.
46) 0) text: 47 Eleanor tosses and turns on a roll away bed. 48
48) 0) text: 49 A handful of guests are spread out in a huge dining room. Franklin and Eleanor sit together. He is eating heartily, Eleanor merely moves her food around.
48) 1) dialog: This is simply revolting.
48) 3) text: What in the world do you think they've poured over this chicken? Or is it possum? Eleanor sizes Franklin up. She knows this is a preamble.
48) 9) text: I need something new. ELEANOR
48) 11) text: I refuse to be a burden to anyone. ELEANOR
48) 14) dialog: (her voice rising) No. (a beat) I don't want freedom. I want a marriage. I want a life with you. Franklin won't let himself believe it. FRANKLIN
48) 15) text: I can't imagine what you think that life is going to be. This takes the wind out of Eleanor.
48) 17) dialog: Oh Franklin... it's not up to me to imagine, it's up to you.
48) 18) text: Eleanor folds her napkin and gets up from the table.
49) 0) text: 50 Pete helps Eleanor into his livery wagon. Franklin watches from the porch as Eleanor rides away. He suitcase slides across the open wagon bed, as the wagon m the tight turn from the driveway onto the main road.
50) 0) text: Eleanor is pouring tea for Louis, who is seated.
50) 1) dialog: Thank you for stopping by, Mr. Howe.
50) 3) dialog: Well, he's enjoying the waters very much. He... (suddenly overwhelmed) I think we've lost him.
50) 8) dialog: Louis.
55) 22) text: This is so unlike Eleanor. She's terrified of crowds.
56) 0) text: Louis and Eleanor approach a set of double doors.
56) 1) dialog: We are facing imminent disaster.
57) 2) dialog: Good afternoon. I am so pleased to be invited here today. looking down at her cards)
57) 3) text: Too often.... A PHOTOGRAPHER snaps a picture which throws Eleanor off.
57) 5) text: Too often... She stops. The pause is deadly. Louis looks ready to jump a window. Eleanor continues, her voice still pitched too ELEANOR
57) 6) text: Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men... Slowly, she begins to find her voice. ELEANOR
57) 9) text: I think this might be the reason I am having such a difficult time giving voice to my own thoughts here today. The immediacy of her self-effacing comment charms the roo ELEANOR
57) 15) dialog: Oh. It would be an honor.
61) 0) text: 62 A newspaper clipping of Eleanor in her speech to the Leag is taped to the wall. We hear the sound of an Underwood typewriter clacking awa and Franklin's voice, dictating.
66) 0) text: The WHISTLE is coming from a MODEL TRAIN as it zooms arou track set up on a table in the Roosevelt living room. Ell now 15, is mesmerized. Sara sits at a piano between FRANKLIN, JR., 9, and JOHN, They are finishing a rousing rendition of "Angels We Have Heard on High" as an enormous Christmas tree gets decorat JAMES, 18, is at the top of a ladder while his sister, AN 19, decorates from the lowest rung. Eleanor holds up a tiny porcelain ornament to Anna.
66) 1) dialog: Grandmother Delano brought this from China. Franklin, working from his wheelchair is filling out the lower branches of the tree, his lap filled with ornaments
66) 11) dialog: Give it to James. He's the tallest.
67) 0) text: 68 Roy is spotting Franklin as he pulls himself along a set parallel bars. Eleanor observes as Franklin uses his arms drag his legs behind him.
67) 1) dialog: It was an extraordinary turnout this afternoon. Louis says there were over two hundred people in the audience.
67) 6) dialog: You truly believe the waters... (with difficulty)
67) 9) dialog: How am I supposed to talk to you?
67) 11) dialog: I don't know how anymore.
78) 0) text: Eleanor sits in a chair reading Franklin's letter.
83) 0) text: With Louis in tow, Eleanor is touring the exterior of an ironworks factory. She is the only woman in a large gathe of men.
83) 1) dialog: "My dear Franklin, I too am embarking on an altogether remarkable experience." 8
84) 1) dialog: "It seems everywhere I go there are more people in dire need of help. It would be overwhelming if not for my deep belief that help is possible..."
85) 0) text: 6 Eleanor is being introduced by Louis to members of the Ne York State Assembly -- all men -- eager to shake her hand
85) 1) dialog: "Louis's latest flash of brilliance is to take me 'mainstream.' He said that you would know what he means by this."
86) 1) dialog: "I hope you are finding your work to be gratifying in both mind and heart. Your beloved, Eleanor."
96) 0) text: 97 Sara paces wildly, waving a letter at Eleanor and Louis.
96) 2) dialog: Franklin has invited Louis and me to see the work he's been doing.
96) 4) text: Work! Playing in a pool all day long? Squandering his birthright on a group of fawning strangers? I consider this your fault, Eleanor!
96) 5) dialog: I beg your pardon, Mama?
96) 8) dialog: (challenging her)
96) 10) dialog: He's a grown man who makes his own decisions.
96) 12) dialog: If it's of any comfort to you, I agree.
96) 15) dialog: No, it is not settled. We must hear him out. Louis and I must see for ourselves the work that he has been doing then we will all discuss this further. (a beat)
96) 18) dialog: Perhaps you have. But that has been my fault, not yours.
99) 0) text: 100 A spent and anxious Eleanor, with Louis in tow, stands on station platform, suitcase in hand.
99) 3) dialog: The wire said someone would be here to pick us up. The sounds of tires screeching and a car horn cause them turn around. It is Franklin, sitting in the driver's seat of his car.
100) 0) text: Franklin drives wild and fast. Louis hat flies right off head. Eleanor just holds on.
101) 0) text: 102 Franklin, Eleanor and Louis pull up to the Inn. Though th brush has been cleared and the trees are newly trimmed, i still a wreck. Franklin is too proud to concede Louis and Eleanor's disappointment.
103) 5) dialog: And there are other costs to consider.
103) 7) dialog: I'm not speaking of money.
103) 9) text: I have found something here which makes waking up in the morning remotely bearable and the two of you stand there... ELEANOR
103) 11) text: (furious) Practical? I am trapped inside a body that no longer moves of my own volition. I am trying to be practical. Now either you're with me or against me. In or out! ELEANOR
103) 12) text: I don't care for ultimatums disguised as debate. Eleanor starts to leave. FRANKLIN
103) 13) text: Where are you going? Eleanor! Get back here. ELEANOR
104) 0) text: 105 Eleanor approaches the pool. It is as quiet as a church. is stunned to observe over a dozen tables set up in the water. On each table is a child or an adult polio wearing their bathing suit. Next to them is a Physical Therapist also i bathing attire conducting therapy. In hushed tones the Physical Therapists encourage and work the distressed lim of the patients as Helena swims to each table overseeing work being done. Eleanor sits down in a chair and watches fascinated.
105) 13) text: (laughing) It's a real democracy at Warm Springs -- everybody gets heard! (to Franklin) You listening? Eleanor, seated next to Franklin, watches as Franklin, in rare moment of emotional nakedness, is at a loss for word JAKE
106) 0) text: 107 Roy lifts Franklin out of the wheelchair and on to the be Eleanor enters holding a lit candle. Roy is about to begin Franklin's bedtime routine, but Ele gently reaches out and touches him on the arm.
106) 1) dialog: Let me.
106) 4) text: What is your most pressing concern? Eleanor kneels before him and tugs the pants down, slowly as not to catch on the braces. Eleanor folds the pants and carefully places them over th back of a chair. FRANKLIN
106) 5) text: Getting a doctor to live on the premises full-time. Someone who, at the very least, could monitor our progress. Make us legitimate. She begins to take off Franklin's braces -- a series of intricate buckles. Eleanor slides the braces off his legs. His legs, though deeply tanned are withered and spindly. He is still weari his shoes. ELEANOR
106) 7) text: Yes. Eleanor puts the heavy braces against the wall and kneels once again to untie his shoelaces. FRANKLIN
106) 8) text: But the real problem is no one is interested. The annual Orthopedics Convention is being held in Atlanta this weekend and I offered to speak. (his anger surfacing) They turned me down flat. Eleanor takes Franklin's pajama bottoms off the bed and w tender care pulls them up his legs.
106) 10) text: A few weeks ago, the conditions at a garment factory on West 27th Street were brought to my attention. The owners claimed everything was satisfactory, but would never let anyone in to conduct a proper inspection. She reaches for Franklin's hands and pulls him up to a se position. They are now face to face. ELEANOR
106) 12) text: We? He searches her face for clues as to the woman she's beco He starts to unbutton his shirt and put on his pajama top Eleanor sits in a chair across from him. ELEANOR
106) 14) text: What are you suggesting? ELEANOR
108) 0) text: 109 Roy climbs the stairs like a stevedore with Franklin slun over his shoulder. Using enormous force, Eleanor is pulli the chair up and over each step while walking backwards u the stairs.
109) 2) dialog: So sorry we're late!
109) 4) dialog: (introducing herself)
109) 5) text: Eleanor Roosevelt, niece of the late President Theodore Roosevelt and this is my husband, Franklin, former Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
109) 11) text: Thank you, Dr. Bissell for agreeing to let us share the stage with you today. It was so generous of you. Dr. Bissell smiles limply, saving face. The audience vagu applauds. Franklin and Eleanor are now center stage. ELEANOR
109) 12) text: My husband, as many of you may have read, is a victim of polio. However, victim is only a definition, not a state of mind. Franklin? He looks at her completely amazed. Eleanor gives him an F
109) 16) text: Patients can stay in these waters for up to an hour. This is essential in allowing them the time to work on strengthening their muscles. ELEANOR
110) 0) text: 111 There is a receiving line in place to get a last word or autograph with Franklin and Eleanor. DR. WILLIS, bespectacled, speaks with them.
110) 2) dialog: For the League of Women Voters?
110) 10) text: If it is possible I'd like to come and make an evaluation for the Journal of Orthopedic Medicine. Franklin looks to Eleanor, elated.
111) 0) text: 112 Roy is fast asleep tucked around the wheelchair in the ba seat. Franklin smiles in Eleanor's direction. She looks back at shyly and smiles in return. But her expression changes wh she sees something in his eyes -- something she hasn't se for a long time.
111) 1) dialog: What is it?
111) 4) dialog: I don't know how to drive.
112) 0) text: 113 Franklin and Eleanor are sitting in the front seat of the car. Louis is already up on the train platform.
112) 1) dialog: I'll break the news to Mama. Franklin smiles as they look at each other like two naugh children.
112) 2) dialog: I think it's going to be fun. Eleanor bursts out laughing, Franklin joins in.
112) 6) dialog: You? Franklin Roosevelt? She leans in and kisses Franklin on the mouth.
112) 7) dialog: I do so love you. She slides out of the car and goes up to the platform and
113) 0) text: 114 A beaming Eleanor sits down next to Louis. He too is look very pleased. Eleanor takes notice.
113) 1) dialog: Why do I get the feeling we're not smiling about the same thing? The train begins pulling out. They both look out at Franklin. Locals are coming up to h car surrounding him -- he is a magnet.
125) 0) text: 126 Waiting on the porch are Eleanor and Helena, who are seat talking. Louis exits the cottage, defeated.
126) 1) dialog: Roy, so good to see you.
126) 3) dialog: You're a mess.
126) 5) dialog: Oh my darling...
126) 7) dialog: That's not true. No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. Finally, his sobs subside.
126) 11) dialog: You have done a brilliant thing here -- a magnificent thing. Eleanor picks up the E doctor's report and puts it in the fire.
127) 0) text: 128 Franklin is wheeled down to the pool by Roy and Eleanor. they get closer, Franklin makes out someone already swimm
128) 0) text: 129 Elliot is climbing a rope dangling high from a tree as Franklin and Eleanor look up at him. Franklin is standing crutches. Elliot descends with a flourish as Helena approaches Fran with a single cane.
128) 8) text: Eleanor, take the crutch. Eleanor takes one crutch as Helena takes the other, repla it in Franklin's hand with a cane. Then, with Elliot on Franklin's left side she bends Ellio arm at a right angle, like a parallel bar, and hooks Franklin's left arm around his. Going over to Franklin's right side she puts a cane in hi HELENA
128) 18) text: (under his breath) I'll be damned. Franklin stops, exhausted. ELEANOR
128) 20) text: I'm fine. I'm just... Roy runs in with a chair and helps Franklin into it as Helena, Eleanor, Louis, Elliot and Roy all look at him, concerned. HELENA
128) 28) text: It's political. Franklin looks at Louis, then to Eleanor, and realizes th this could be it. 1
130) 0) text: Eleanor is packing Franklin's suitcase while Franklin, sitting up in bed dressed in pajamas, works on his speech
130) 14) dialog: My darling, they'll never see past your legs unless you do. 132
131) 0) text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, a by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot i back. Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees straight ahead. It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the drive in chairs and on crutches. All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists, Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.
132) 0) text: Dark and deserted Roy is carrying Franklin down a flight stairs. Louis is hastily checking over his shoulder. If possible, Eleanor appears even more nervous than Louis.
138) 0) text: 139 Eleanor sits looking down at her lap, afraid to even brea
142) 0) text: 143 Eleanor applauds Franklin as a REPORTER leans in.
142) 2) dialog: Yes?
142) 4) dialog: (smiling)
143) 0) text: 144 Franklin stands before the crowd. His magnetism is incontestable. He radiates infinite possibility. He looks up to Eleanor's box and they smile at one anothe the crowd continues to applaud.