21) 5) text: Festina lente! ("Not so fast!") One by one the other children all pile on top of Franklin Elliot. ELEANOR
24) 0) text: 25 Eleanor finds Elliot, having heard everything, curled up ball, weeping. She leans down and wraps her arms around h
127) 1) dialog: Hi, Pop!
127) 3) text: Who's that? ELLIOT ROOSEVELT is now 17 years old. He has his mother's enormous blue eyes and his father's natural charisma.
128) 0) text: 129 Elliot is climbing a rope dangling high from a tree as Franklin and Eleanor look up at him. Franklin is standing crutches. Elliot descends with a flourish as Helena approaches Fran with a single cane.
128) 6) text: Elliot, go to your father and stand on his left side. ELLIOT
128) 8) text: Eleanor, take the crutch. Eleanor takes one crutch as Helena takes the other, repla it in Franklin's hand with a cane. Then, with Elliot on Franklin's left side she bends Ellio arm at a right angle, like a parallel bar, and hooks Franklin's left arm around his. Going over to Franklin's right side she puts a cane in hi HELENA
128) 12) text: That's what Elliot is for. He's going to hold you up. Hitch your leg! Come on! Franklin and Elliot attempt to walk. It requires immense strength and effort on both their parts.
128) 14) text: (ever the taskmaster) Elliot, don't lean in -- stand up straight. Pull against him. He needs you! After one or two steps the enormity of it overwhelms Fran FRANKLIN
128) 15) text: I can't. ELLIOT
128) 20) text: I'm fine. I'm just... Roy runs in with a chair and helps Franklin into it as Helena, Eleanor, Louis, Elliot and Roy all look at him, concerned. HELENA
129) 0) text: 30 Franklin and Elliot are walking. Helena is close behind, coaching.
129) 13) dialog: I'm fine, Pop.
131) 0) text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, a by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot i back. Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees straight ahead. It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the drive in chairs and on crutches. All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists, Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.
135) 0) text: 136 Franklin is standing ramrod straight holding onto Elliot' arm. He looks handsome in a navy pin-striped suit. As everyone else is sweating no one notices that Franklin is perspiring more than F most.
135) 6) text: of long-standing political commitment to our great nation... Ladies and gentlemen: Franklin Delano Roosevelt! Franklin turns to Elliot and they both take deep breaths.
136) 0) text: 137 A BLINDING SPOTLIGHT picks up Franklin and Elliot. The SPOTLIGHT follows them as they make their way to the podi Franklin is hitching each leg forward, slowly. The tip of cane hits the floor with pinpoint accuracy for balance an support. He leans heavily on Elliot's arm. The walk appears effort He chats with Elliot the whole way, still managing to fla the CONVENTIONEERS his million dollar smile. But the walk slow and the ovation is beginning to fade.
139) 0) text: 140 Franklin and Elliot are still ten steps away from the pod Sensing the crowd noise weakening, he whispers to Elliot.