93) 0) text: 94 Helena is training a group of YOUNG MEN how to lift and c using a raven haired young woman, ELOISE HUTCHISON, 18, a the test model. She sits shyly in her wheelchair before t
93) 5) dialog: (looking away)
93) 11) dialog: Hello, Mr. Roosevelt.
97) 2) text: Excellent, Fred! Keep going... They are surrounded by many others, Franklin, Eloise, Woodhall, Pat and Jake. The BEEPING of a car horn gets their immediate attention. Roy leaps off the porch, skipping the stairs as his broth Pete drives up in Tom's car. He parks it and steps out. PETE
105) 14) text: All right then, if I may do the honors of presenting to you the lovely Miss Eloise Hutchison of Cottage C. Eloise wheels herself out. In a sweet, but untrained voic she begins the introduction to her song:
105) 19) text: (singing) "I won't dance! Don't ask me! I won't dance! Don't ask me; I won't dance, monsieur, with you." Simple, but clever choreography utilizing the wheelchairs has the audience cheering. ELOISE &amp; CHORUS
105) 22) text: "You know what? You're lovely." ELOISE
105) 24) text: "But oh! What you do to me! I'm like an ocean wave that's bumped on the shore; I feel so absolutely stumped on the floor!" This is too much for the crowd, including Franklin, Elean and Louis. They laugh and cry in equal measure at the sig of Eloise and her Chorus. The song finished, Franklin quiets down the crowd.
118) 0) text: 119 An empty wheelchair, illuminated by a sliver of moonlight On a blanket nearby are Jake and Mary Beth. he unbuttons his shirt and runs her hands over his impressively developed upper body. They begin to kiss hungrily, passionately -- completely in their own world. Several yards away, across the lawn, Eloise is in Woodhall's arms -- they are dancing. He is singing softly into her ear as they sway, her feet never touching the gr
129) 2) dialog: Why is he working so hard to hide it?
129) 4) dialog: Oh, I disagree.
129) 6) dialog: I wish he could just wheel himself out there in front of everybody.
131) 0) text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, a by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot i back. Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees straight ahead. It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the drive in chairs and on crutches. All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists, Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.