6) 0) text: 6 There with his bare legs, muscular and lean, sporting bla socks held up with garters is FRANKLIN DELANO ROOSEVELT, He projects a natural elegance and the confidence of a ma who can have anything he wants. Right now... he wants his pants.
6) 1) dialog: I've been standing here for five minutes. Oscar offers the tray to Franklin which bear cuff links a Tiffany watch which Franklin grabs.
6) 4) dialog: Don't remember. That's good, isn't it?
7) 0) text: Striding into the dining room, Franklin lifts a silver li off a breakfast plate. He dismisses it and instead pours himself a cup of coffee from a silver pot on the sideboar He overhears a voice from the nearby sitting room.
8) 5) text: Why don't you ask your husband for some pointers? He's a pretty gifted public speaker, don't you think? LOUIS HOWE, 48, is a wizened man of limited stature and unlimited soul. Franklin's political advisor extraordinai part consiglieri and part priest. He is the mastermind be what he believes will be the greatest political career of twentieth century. He gets up and leans in closely to Eleanor. A cigarette d off his lip and the smoke rises up and curls in her face. LOUIS
8) 6) text: You should get out once in a while. Accepting that invitation would be good for Franklin's career. ELEANOR
8) 9) text: If you like. Eleanor smiles oh-so politely at Louis, as Franklin enter from the dining room. FRANKLIN
8) 14) dialog: Because they always seem more grateful to see me when I arrive. He leans in and kisses Eleanor on the cheek.
8) 15) dialog: Have a lovely day, Babs.
8) 17) dialog: I have the Navy reception this evening. I'll be home quite late. Unless you've changed your mind about coming? Louis looks up from his paper at Lucy who is writing furiously.
8) 19) dialog: Well... whatever you'd like.
8) 22) dialog: Very well then. (tipping his hat)
8) 23) text: Good day, Miss Mercer. Lucy nods and Franklin exits. Then Louis tips his hat to ladies and follows him out.
9) 0) text: 9 A car pulls over and Franklin is first out, followed by Louis, walking at a brisk pace as they cross the opposite side of the street. Louis struggles to keep up while consulting a small appointment book.
9) 4) text: You had some problems with it. FRANKLIN
9) 6) text: Lunch with Secretary Daniels. FRANKLIN
9) 8) text: He's your boss. FRANKLIN
9) 10) text: (a beat) What if she'd said yes? FRANKLIN
9) 12) text: People know. It's time to stop. FRANKLIN
9) 14) text: Not this one. This is Washington, D.C., not the Harvard Club. (off-put by Franklin's arrogance) How can you be so cavalier? FRANKLIN
10) 0) text: 10 A large grandfather clock reads 3:00. The sound of a key in the front door turns and Franklin quietly enters. His hair is a mess and his clothing is slightly askew. As he comes through the hall two eyes shine in the darkne They belong to Eleanor sitting rigidly on a settee, liste to the sound of Franklin's footsteps going up the stairs. 11
11) 0) text: Franklin goes into his bedroom. Eleanor quietly comes up stairs and stops for a brief moment by Franklin's door, t goes off to her bedroom closing the door behind her.
12) 0) text: 12 Franklin lays sleeping in his bed as Eleanor enters quiet so as not to wake him. Carefully she picks up a set of keys on the dresser then turns and notices a packet of letters sitting on top of a open duffle bag. Tentatively she reaches for them. She brings the packet, with a piece of ribbon, up to her nose. She is shocked by their familiar scent. With trembling hands she unties the ribbon. Tears flood d her cheeks as she reads. Franklin opens his eyes.
14) 3) dialog: And I have accepted.
14) 6) dialog: I am in love with Miss Mercer, Mama.
14) 11) dialog: Babs!
15) 0) text: 15 Franklin chases Eleanor. Midway up the stairs, she turns.
15) 4) dialog: For what?
15) 6) dialog: I didn't mean to hurt you, Babs.
16) 0) text: Franklin slowly walks back into the room.
16) 2) dialog: My trust fund.
17) 0) text: 17 CONVENTIONEERS shout out Franklin's name holding up PLACA emblazoned with:
17) 4) dialog: (breathless)
17) 6) dialog: They say the best way to get   rid of a man is to have him run for   Vice- President. (he holds for the laugh)
17) 7) text: You might well have asked my   cousin Teddy if that's how they got   rid of him! Franklin stands on the stage, the music rising, the crowd cheering. Slowly, the sound of the convention fades to something far more delicate...
18) 0) text: 19 A harp playing in an elegant tea room. The hushed tones o polite conversation wafts through the air. Franklin sits with his cousin, ALICE ROOSEVELT, 36, daugh of Teddy. Brilliant and acerbic, she would have had a car in politics had she been born a man.
18) 2) text: Of course you lost. A Roosevelt on the democratic ticket? Our ancestors are turning in their graves. FRANKLIN
18) 4) text: Rubbish. But I do know one thing: You're exactly like him. My father was born wanting only one thing: to be President. FRANKLIN
18) 6) text: Do you know what they're saying about you? Franklin's smile fades. FRANKLIN
18) 8) text: They say F.D.R. stands for "featherduster." That you're a lightweight. A dilettante with no substance; no point of view. FRANKLIN
18) 15) dialog: Alice, stop.
18) 17) dialog: What are you talking about?
18) 19) dialog: (stunned)
18) 22) dialog: When I last heard she was governess to his children.
18) 24) text: And then love bloomed. As a "man of the people," I wouldn't be too hard on her, Franklin. We can't all have trust funds you know.
19) 0) text: 20 Franklin, Louis and a PHOTOGRAPHER disembark from a touri
19) 4) text: Very funny. No, this buys you time. It buys you experience. FRANKLIN
19) 6) text: He's vulnerable. You're still a fresh face, boss. We'll use that to our advantage. They walk down a hill towards some waiting Boy Scouts as PHOTOGRAPHER follows them. FRANKLIN
19) 8) text: They've got parents. Besides they're photogenic. Franklin begins glad-handing the assembled group of mostl underprivileged children. FRANKLIN
19) 9) text: Franklin Roosevelt, happy to meet you. Franklin masks his thinly veiled discomfort with an artificial good cheer. Meanwhile, Louis, in full politica mode, makes sure the L Photographer gets everything.
19) 11) text: Okay, boys, lunch. Line up to wash! (to Franklin) Will you be joining us?
19) 12) dialog: Of course!
19) 14) dialog: What's your name, son?
19) 16) dialog: Guiseppe! Come sta, ragazzo?
19) 18) text: Okay, I guess. The SCOUTS begin washing their hands together in the wate barrel and Franklin joins in as Louis looks on admiringly As Guiseppe splashes some of the water on his face, Frank not to be outdone, does so as well. It's all for the came
21) 0) text: Eleanor sits quietly on the front porch knitting -- in a world of her own. A few feet away -- also in a world of his own -- sits Lou overdressed for summer in a three piece suit. An overflow ashtray is by his side and piles of newspaper lie at his feet. He holds up a paper to Eleanor with the photo of Franklin the Boy Scouts.
21) 5) text: Festina lente! ("Not so fast!") One by one the other children all pile on top of Franklin Elliot. ELEANOR
21) 6) text: Dinner is in one half-hour! Come in and change, children! FRANKLIN
21) 7) text: Up! Up, chicks! You heard your mother! Everyone runs up the porch stairs and into the house exce Franklin. ELEANOR
21) 8) text: Go wash up. Utterly spent, Franklin lays on the grass, not moving. LOUIS
21) 9) text: Hey, boss! Are you all right? Slowly, Franklin gets up and walks with great effort up t porch stairs. FRANKLIN
21) 13) dialog: Very well. She goes into the house. Louis then hands Franklin letter
21) 15) dialog: Of you? Never. Wearily, he sorts through the envelopes.
21) 17) dialog: Yes, dear. Franklin heads into the house leaning heavily against the screen door struggling for control.
22) 0) text: 23 Franklin lays on a chaise being examined by a DOCTOR, who leans over him holding out his hand.
25) 1) text: A pink background covered in small white flowers with red centers and green leaves. There is a seam in the paper. A tiny white spot where glue has soaked through. PULL BACK TO REVEAL - Franklin in bed. This is all he stares at -- hour after hour after hour. His lips are dry. A glass of water sits tantalizingly on the night stand. H reaches for it but it's a few inches out of his reach. Slowly, he begins to rock his torso back and forth.
27) 0) text: 28 Franklin, still rocking his torso, has now gained some momentum, managing to have moved just a few inches.
29) 0) text: 30 Franklin reaches his arm towards the glass only to fall f the bed to the floor with a thud. Frustrated beyond words Franklin lunges at his wheelchair and shoves it across th floor letting out an anguished cry. In agony, from both the pain and the humiliation, he star up and fixes his gaze on the ornate ceiling overhead. Then, closing his eyes, a POUNDING in his head starts to louder and louder --
30) 0) text: 31 Franklin, on his back, his face and body drenched with sw is asleep in his bunk in the boat. He awakens to the soun the POUNDING. Voices are calling him accompanied by FISTS smashing at the door. He opens his eyes and is disoriente He tries to sit up -- momentarily forgetting that he can'
30) 3) dialog: (while peeing)
30) 4) text: Leave me here. Let the ocean swallow me up. Burial at sea. Perfect for a navy man. Stripped to his underwear Franklin is laid across the bun Eugene kneels and puts on Franklin's socks and shoes. The and Stanley slide on his braces and pants. Their hands zipper, clasp, buckle and tie. Each hand work synchronicity with the other. Clumsily they lift Franklin up, struggling under his weig
31) 0) text: 32 Eugene and Stanley carry Franklin off in the driving rain
32) 0) text: 33 Kerosene lamps light the diner which is filled with peopl mostly fishermen, seeking refuge from the coming storm. Franklin, soaked-to-the-skin and wrapped in a blanket, is being pushed through the door by Eugene in a wheelchair. The restaurant collectively pauses to take them.
32) 3) text: I never miss Florida in the rainy season. FRANKLIN
32) 5) text: Why? Would you have answered it? FRANKLIN
32) 7) text: Good to see you too. Nice whiskers. You look like Chester Arthur. FRANKLIN
32) 9) text: Boys, I need to talk to Mr. Roosevelt alone. Find your own breakfast. Here's a five spot. Make it a feast. They look at the money and take their leave. FRANKLIN
32) 12) text: You mean your mother's, don't you? The Waitress puts down two cups of coffee. Franklin pulls a flask and pours some into his cup. He then lights a cigarette and begins smoking, but doesn't offer one to Lo Without asking, Louis helps himself. FRANKLIN
32) 14) text: It was Eleanor's idea. Franklin's face is immobile. WAITRESS
32) 16) text: I'd like some ham and eggs, sunny side up, please? (to Franklin) What's your fancy, boss? FRANKLIN
32) 18) text: He'll have the same. The Waitress grabs their menus and scurries away. Louis o his briefcase and hands Franklin a stack of mail. Frankli glances it, but doesn't open any. LOUIS
32) 19) text: There are a few from your children. FRANKLIN
32) 20) text: I can still read. Franklin flips through the mail and finds a letter that interests him, opening it. LOUIS
32) 27) text: What's that? FRANKLIN
32) 29) text: Oh, for Chrissake... FRANKLIN
32) 32) text: Mr. Roosevelt, we got bad news. FRANKLIN
32) 39) text: Maybe it's a blessing in disguise, Mr. Roosevelt. I don't know about you, but I'm homesick. FRANKLIN
32) 41) text: You can't be serious? He hands Franklin the letter who rereads it. FRANKLIN
32) 43) text: I can't quite picture you in the back woods of Georgia. FRANKLIN
32) 45) text: 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. FRANKLIN
33) 0) text: 34 Franklin and Eleanor sit next to one another. Franklin is shaved and cleaned up considerably. However, the tension between them is palpable. Eleanor kn furiously while talking. Franklin looks out the window at African-American FIELD HANDS hard at work in the red clay hills of Georgia.
34) 0) text: 35 TOM LOYLESS, 39, stands waiting by a car dressed in a whi suit. Laconic, with a dry sense of humor, Tom is a man of words whose poker face hides a true desperation. He holds telegram from Franklin in his hand. As the train pulls in Tom looks for Franklin among the passengers making their exit. There are two different exits on the platform clearly mar WHITE and COLORED. Whites exit from the front of the trai and Blacks from the rear. LIONEL PURDY, tiny, and dressed in a mailman's uniform, approaches Tom. Of indeterminate age and dubious intellec his mail bag is almost as big as he is.
35) 0) text: 36 Franklin exits the train slung in a fireman's carry over shoulder of ROY COLLIER, African-American, 29. His brothe PETE, 27, is close behind, carrying luggage -- both hover around 6' 4". Tom approaches. Franklin attempts to hide his embarrassme with good cheer.
35) 1) dialog: Hello! Hello! Mr. Loyless?
35) 3) dialog: Then you'd better call me Franklin. Still in the fireman's carry, Franklin extends his hand f Tom to shake.
35) 5) dialog: And this is the Misses.
36) 0) text: 37 Tom drives Franklin in front, Eleanor sits in the back.
36) 2) dialog: (covering his discomfort)
36) 6) dialog: Got any paved roads?
37) 0) text: 38 Tom's car turns into a driveway. Franklin has a brochure "The Meriwether Inn" opened in his lap. He tries to spy t building through the trees but cannot. He looks back at the brochure. The picture is of a lavish Victorian Hotel and the words, "Our renowned mineral hot springs can cure whatever ails you!" Franklin looks up and sees a three-story hideous green an yellow monstrosity leaning slightly to one side. Paint is peeling everywhere. What once were flower beds are overgr with weeds. The car pulls to a stop.
37) 4) dialog: (panicked)
37) 12) text: But then I imagine so have you. Franklin blinks incomprehensibly at Tom and what he has j said.
37) 14) dialog: (in a low voice)
39) 0) text: 40 Tom and Pete open a set of shutters over the windows of a tiny cottage. Franklin and Eleanor sit in the car, watching.
40) 0) text: 41 Sheets cover the furniture, cobwebs span the beams and du particles fill the air. As Tom maneuvers the wheelchair through the front door, Franklin notices a broken window.
40) 1) dialog: (caustic)
40) 4) dialog: The bedroom, Roy, thank you. He looks after Roy as he exits.
40) 5) dialog: Tom, this young man appears quite competent. Would you ask him if he'd like to stay on as my valet?
42) 0) text: 43 Eleanor stands in the middle of the tiny living room stun by the squalor. She speaks to Franklin who is changing in other room.
42) 4) dialog: No doubt.
42) 6) dialog: For the waters. Are you coming?
43) 0) text: 44 Roy wheels Franklin while Tom walks in front of them lead the way.
43) 2) dialog: Mrs. Roosevelt doesn't know how. Franklin takes in the surroundings. Deserted horse stable total ruin and tennis courts covered with underbrush mar landscape. 45
44) 3) dialog: Aunt Sally.
44) 7) dialog: I can't even stand.
47) 0) text: Franklin lies in bed staring up at the ceiling.
48) 0) text: 49 A handful of guests are spread out in a huge dining room. Franklin and Eleanor sit together. He is eating heartily, Eleanor merely moves her food around.
48) 2) dialog: It's not very good, but it is mysterious. (holding out his plate)
48) 3) text: What in the world do you think they've poured over this chicken? Or is it possum? Eleanor sizes Franklin up. She knows this is a preamble.
48) 7) dialog: Yes. ELEANOR
48) 10) text: This isn't about getting better is it? You don't want to come home. You don't want to live with us. FRANKLIN
48) 12) text: You're not a burden, you're my husband. e reaches out and takes her hand in his. FRANKLIN
49) 0) text: 50 Pete helps Eleanor into his livery wagon. Franklin watches from the porch as Eleanor rides away. He suitcase slides across the open wagon bed, as the wagon m the tight turn from the driveway onto the main road.
52) 0) text: Franklin is seated on the ramshackle porch in his chair. cigarette hangs from his lip as he mixes martinis in a gl milk bottle. He pours one for Tom, then himself.
52) 1) dialog: To your mineral pool, or whatever you call it.
52) 3) dialog: Too strong?
52) 5) dialog: I have.
52) 7) dialog: Are you always this direct, Tom?
52) 10) dialog: (hurt)
53) 0) text: 54 Franklin's bed is already empty.
54) 0) text: 55 Aunt Sally is seated, talking with Roy while Franklin lie his back in the water, swimming. All his movement comes f his shoulders and arms. The morning sun streams down on h Tom sits off to one side reading the newspaper.
54) 1) dialog: Tell me more about what that boy did, Aunt Sally.
54) 3) dialog: If it was only that easy.
54) 5) dialog: ( humoring her)
54) 10) dialog: (a nervous laugh)
54) 12) dialog: I'm standing. The release is powerful as Franklin dissolves into tears.
55) 0) text: 56 Tom, who's been mixing cocktails, hands Franklin a drink lifts his glass.
55) 4) dialog: Cocktail, Lionel?
55) 6) dialog: All the more reason. (shoving a drink at him)
55) 9) text: Not for me it isn't. Got a whole packet of clippings for you, Mr. Roosevelt. From a Mr. Howe. New York Times, Journal-American... don't know what else. He hands an already opened letter to Franklin. LIONEL
55) 10) text: Your mother wants to know when you're coming home. She says they got swimming pools in Hyde Park. She's mad as all hell. FRANKLIN
55) 12) text: Sheriff don't mind. He likes I read his mail. Saves him the time. Plus a lot of folks around here can't read, so it's more a public service, really. FRANKLIN
55) 20) text: Says she's gonna keep the Roosevelt name alive. Least till he starts walkin' and all. Lionel takes the letter Franklin just handed him, opens i flicks his flashlight back on and continues on his way.
55) 21) dialog: (studying the letter)
58) 0) text: Franklin is attempting to walk in the water, working diligently. Tom watches him from a few paces back.
58) 2) dialog: I walked five steps today!
58) 8) dialog: Do you mean all this time I've been talking to a newspaper man?
58) 11) dialog: (a beat)
58) 15) dialog: Well, that explains a few things. For the life of me, I couldn't figure out why someone like you was running this --
58) 17) dialog: (laughing, swimming off)
59) 0) text: 60 Franklin is seated -- but not in his wheelchair. He wears long pants even though it's blisteringly hot. CLEBURNE GREGORY, 28, sits across from Franklin -- a seco string reporter in a three-piece suit.
59) 2) dialog: I can't imagine your readers are interested in ancient history. Cox and I lost the election by a wide margin.
59) 6) dialog: Now it's the waters extra minerals plus its warmth that makes all the difference. At 90 degrees I can work my muscles for hours and not get cold.
59) 8) dialog: I forgot one more thing you will need to write down. Poor circulation is a chronic problem for people in my condition. Gregory looks at Franklin. It's clear he's not going to g the interview he came for.
59) 10) dialog: I don't know.
59) 12) dialog: Yes. I am.
60) 0) text: 61 Franklin is laid out on the bed as Roy slides the braces his legs. Roy unlaces his shoes and slips them off his fe e is about to put them under the bed when Franklin motion for Roy to hand them to him. Still flat on his back, Franklin luxuriates in the rich leather cobbled by hand. He examines their smooth, immacu soles... worn but never walked in.
61) 0) text: 62 A newspaper clipping of Eleanor in her speech to the Leag is taped to the wall. We hear the sound of an Underwood typewriter clacking awa and Franklin's voice, dictating.
61) 2) text: Therefore, a formal questionnaire should be composed in order so we may hear from all recent delegates as to how we can do better in '28 to present a more united front. Signed, Franklin Roosevelt, etc., etc. MISSY LE HAND, 30, is sitting at a card table, typing. Brunette with some early gray, she is sturdy in build wit plain but friendly face. MISSY
61) 5) text: Alright. FRANKLIN
61) 6) text: Thank you, Missy, and c.c. that to Louis. Missy rises with a stack of envelopes and heads out. Roy enters with a plate of pancakes in front of Franklin. ROY
61) 7) text: Hungry, Mr. Roosevelt? FRANKLIN
61) 9) text: Who do you write to every morning? FRANKLIN
61) 11) text: So you'll be ready when you get your legs workin' again? FRANKLIN
61) 14) text: Excuse me, are you Mr. Roosevelt? FRANKLIN
61) 16) text: My name is Benjamin Prendergast. I've come to see if you could speak at this year's graduation ceremony at the schoolhouse. You being so famous and all. Prendergast unfolds the newspaper. There is a picture of Franklin under the heading "FRANKLIN ROOSEVELT SWIMS HIS
61) 19) text: Would you be available? FRANKLIN
61) 21) text: Next week. We only have a four month school year. FRANKLIN
61) 23) text: Tax dollars only cover that much. FRANKLIN
61) 25) text: No, sir. I'm the principal. FRANKLIN
61) 26) text: I see. But Franklin doesn't see.
63) 0) text: 64 A bookshelf with four books. A few FARMERS and their WIVES sit with large groups of fi children. They look at Franklin askance. Prendergast stands proudly beside three GRADUATES-TO-BE. Tom stands in the back observing. Franklin, in his wheelchair, sits uncomfortably before th gathering. He notices a FATHER staring at his legs.
63) 2) dialog: Good afternoon. A fly begins buzzing around his head. He laughs derisivel almost to himself.
63) 3) dialog: At Groton, where I graduated from high school, our beloved Headmaster encouraged his students to enter public life... He looks up and catches the glazed eyes of an undernouris child which unsettles him.
63) 4) dialog: I chose to attend Harvard for my undergraduate work and then Columbia for my law degree.
63) 6) dialog: I followed my Headmaster's advice and sought a career in public life. But circumstances beyond my control have made that... very difficult...
63) 9) dialog: I've given many speeches in my life... I don't know why I'm having such a hard time making this one... Horrified and unable to speak, Franklin seems temporarily lost, but the tiny audience doesn't seem to notice. They see Franklin. 5
64) 1) dialog: My God did you see how they were looking at me?
64) 3) dialog: Don't patronize me. Tom is losing his patience.
65) 0) text: It's a cold day and Franklin is swimming in the pool. Roy is wearing a sweater. Aunt Sally is there, too, weari patched up coat with a scarf around her neck. Tom is near raking leaves.
66) 0) text: The WHISTLE is coming from a MODEL TRAIN as it zooms arou track set up on a table in the Roosevelt living room. Ell now 15, is mesmerized. Sara sits at a piano between FRANKLIN, JR., 9, and JOHN, They are finishing a rousing rendition of "Angels We Have Heard on High" as an enormous Christmas tree gets decorat JAMES, 18, is at the top of a ladder while his sister, AN 19, decorates from the lowest rung. Eleanor holds up a tiny porcelain ornament to Anna.
66) 4) dialog: No, Elliot. Just your grandmama.
66) 8) dialog: et's go in the backyard and dig our way there!
66) 15) dialog: I can do it. Franklin tosses the star in an attempt to reach the top. almost catches, but it falls to the floor. Quickly, aiding to avoid his father's embarrassment, Jame climbs back up and puts the star on top. Sara sensing the awkwardness of the moment begins to play and sing an over cheery rendition of "Hark! The Herald Angels Sing."
67) 0) text: 68 Roy is spotting Franklin as he pulls himself along a set parallel bars. Eleanor observes as Franklin uses his arms drag his legs behind him.
67) 3) dialog: That's marvelous, Babs. Eleanor is flushed with pride. Franklin, catching her loo slips slightly on the bars as Roy grabs hold of him.
67) 5) dialog: You wonder why I want to go back to Georgia... it's to avoid people who look at me the way you just did.
67) 8) dialog: Don't talk to me as if I were a child. Choosing your words so carefully...
67) 10) dialog: Like I was! Talk to me like I was! Roy turns Franklin around on the bars and they begin walk away from Eleanor.
68) 0) text: 69 Franklin is being lifted out of Pete's wagon by Roy and placed into his wheelchair. He sees Tom approaching.
68) 3) dialog: We missed you at the station...
68) 5) dialog: (concerned)
68) 8) dialog: (covering)
69) 0) text: 70 Franklin now dressed in his bathing suit is being wheeled Roy. Tom follows.
69) 2) dialog: What in blazes?...
69) 9) dialog: I really don't know what to say.
69) 11) dialog: (whispering)
70) 0) text: 71 Franklin is pushing the chair himself along the dirt path his anger propelling F him away from Tom.
70) 5) text: No one's asking anything of you! FRANKLIN
70) 7) text: Do you know what it took for most of them to get here? FRANKLIN
70) 9) text: My God, you're afraid of these people. FRANKLIN
70) 11) text: You look at them with the same repulsion and pity as everyone else. FRANKLIN
70) 13) text: You don't want to be around them because then that would make you one of them, wouldn't it? Franklin furiously wheels himself back towards the cottag getting stuck on the dirt path along the way. FRANKLIN
70) 14) text: God damn it! Tom comes to his aid but he is brushed off by Franklin. FRANKLIN
70) 15) text: Out of my way! Get out of my goddamn way! Franklin wheels himself off.
71) 0) text: 72 Franklin, in his wheelchair, smokes a cigarette. His bags next to him, as is Roy. A train's whistle BLOWS and pulls
71) 3) dialog: Expecting someone?
72) 0) text: 73 Tom, Franklin and Roy are in front of the large door as t Conductor pushes it back slowly.
73) 1) dialog: Mother of God. Tom leaps up and into the car as does Roy leaving Frankli below. Tom takes his wrist.
74) 0) text: Roy lays Fred on a bench. Franklin wheels himself over.
74) 1) dialog: Son, can you hear me? Tom brings a cup of water. Franklin puts it to Fred's lip
74) 2) dialog: Fred? Fred opens his eyes. They are large and brown with a sweetness to them. His face comes alive when he recognize Franklin.
74) 4) dialog: It's going to be all right, son.
74) 7) dialog: When did you last eat?
74) 10) text: Knoxville had to be three days ago. FRANKLIN
74) 11) text: Roy, take him to the car. As Roy lifts Fred in his arms, Franklin wheels himself to engine car. Tom follows as they approach the CONDUCTOR. FRANKLIN
74) 13) text: He had polio. Probably still contagious. The Conductor walks away, dismissively. Franklin pushes h chair up and stops the Conductor in his tracks. FRANKLIN
74) 15) text: Get away from me. Franklin pushes the wheels of his chair with such force h knocks the Conductor over. FRANKLIN
74) 17) text: Franklin... The Conductor struggles to get up. CONDUCTOR
74) 18) text: Get this lunatic off me! Franklin wheels himself towards Tom's car where Fred is n lying across the back seat. The sight of Fred drains all anger from Franklin's face. FRANKLIN
74) 22) dialog: What about a doctor?
74) 25) dialog: (quietly)
75) 0) text: 76 Fred lays in Franklin's bed while Franklin sits by the bedside. Roy lays a cold compress on Fred's forehead.
76) 0) text: 77 Franklin sits at a card table with his check book in fron him. Tom stands before him, shifting uncomfortably.
76) 1) dialog: How many can pay?
76) 3) dialog: I want these people in the cottages, not in the inn. It's safer.
76) 7) text: I've already had some complaints. (awkwardly) This is the start of the season, Franklin. I've got regulars who have come for years. Healthy folks over all... They're threatening to check out, afraid they might catch polio. FRANKLIN
76) 9) text: I'm going to have to ask that you not use the pool during regular hours. I'll put time aside for you late in the day... and it won't be possible for you to eat in the dining room either. But I promise I'll find someplace suitable. FRANKLIN
76) 11) text: Of course for you I can make other accommodations. FRANKLIN
76) 12) text: (a beat) That won't be necessary. Franklin goes back to writing out the check. Tom stands waiting, the sound of the pen scratching seemingly interminable. Their mutual discomfort is obvious. Franklin rips the check from the ledger and holds it for
76) 17) dialog: (pointedly)
77) 0) text: 78 Franklin is in his wheelchair, writing.
77) 1) dialog: "Dear Babs, Things are very different upon my return." 7 9
78) 0) text: Eleanor sits in a chair reading Franklin's letter.
78) 1) dialog: I am taking on responsibilities which none of my schooling in the spheres of higher learning or politics could have prepared me for... I have seen the casualties of war. But I have never seen this, a suffering so insidious, so silent, that it rattles my soul."
79) 0) text: 80 Franklin is tucking Fred in for the night.
79) 2) dialog: Soon. When you're a little stronger.
79) 4) dialog: Me too. (a beat)
79) 8) dialog: Did she sell it?
80) 0) text: 81 Franklin is in the pool with the new guests. They are all nervously waiting to test the water. From the looks on their faces it's clear they only want t take their cues from Franklin. A MOTHER carries her adorable 4 year old GIRL into the wa
80) 1) dialog: And who is this delightful child?
80) 4) dialog: All right Daisy, try and kick your legs. Daisy wiggles back and forth in her MOTHER's arms giving her very best effort.
80) 5) dialog: Excellent, Daisy! JAKE PERRINI, 32, Bronx-born with an upper body of steel wheels over to Roy who is fixing a wheelchair.
80) 16) text: Now folks, these exercises are of my own devising so bear with me. Some laugh, some are confused. This is new territory for everyone. FRANKLIN
80) 17) text: My hope is that in repeating these movements over and over in the water I'm in some way causing the muscles to regenerate themselves and repair the damage. He swims to the edge of the pool. FRANKLIN
80) 18) text: So everybody grab the edge of the pool and move what you can! hey disperse, eagerly ready to do what Franklin tells the FRANKLIN
80) 19) text: Go ahead now, do your best! Their legs barely rise up to splash the surface. Undeterr Franklin leads them on, spiritedly. In the distance we see Tom, leaning against a tree, watch everything.
82) 0) text: 83 Segregated in a back room, all the polio guests are gathe for dinner seated around a couple of sawhorses with old d thrown across them serving as makeshift dining tables. Roy carries DAISY in and places her in the chair next to Franklin.
82) 2) dialog: Whether in here or our there, I guarantee you the food will taste the same... terrible.
82) 4) dialog: By all means. Would you do us the honor? Franklin bows his head for grace.
86) 0) text: 87 Franklin is in the water. Roy lifts Fred out of his wheelchair and gently puts him in the shallow end. Frankl receives him. Fred's face is ecstatic as he floats on his back in the water.
88) 0) text: 89 Franklin and Roy, having finished lunch, are playing checkers. Fred is sitting nearby eating a piece of pie. Helena approaches. Roy pulls off a triple jump.
88) 3) text: King me. Franklin reluctantly tops Roy's checker. FRED
88) 5) text: Doc? I'm sorry, you're Franklin Roosevelt, aren't you? FRANKLIN
88) 7) text: No. FRANKLIN
88) 9) text: I'm Helena Mahoney. I'm a physical therapist. (off their blank looks) You have no idea who I am, do you? FRANKLIN
88) 11) text: I wrote you a letter right after I saw the article in the paper. Didn't you read it? FRANKLIN
88) 18) dialog: It can help them regain lost strength.
88) 20) dialog: Incredibly I've come to the same conclusion myself.
89) 0) text: Helena is wheeling Franklin around the grounds.
89) 5) dialog: Join the club. (
90) 0) text: 91 Franklin lies across a makeshift examining table. Helena' examination is in progress. She is completely absorbed -- all business -- pouring ove his muscles inch by inch. She kneads, bends and stretches them with a laser-like focus, finally picking up Franklin leg and rotating it out and around.
90) 2) dialog: Give me the good news first.
90) 4) dialog: Must be all that sitting.
90) 6) dialog: I'm supposed to walk on one side?
91) 0) text: 92 Tom is pushing Franklin in his wheelchair.
91) 1) dialog: There's a need for a place like this, Tom.
91) 5) text: Sounds like you've been reading up. FRANKLIN
91) 7) text: It's a waste. An awful waste. Franklin takes a beat -- the weight of this sinking in. FRANKLIN
91) 9) text: Roughly twelve hundred or so. Why? FRANKLIN
91) 11) text: Investment? FRANKLIN
91) 13) text: It would take money. There's a lot of land, rebuilding the inn, adding ramps and so many people can't pay... FRANKLIN
91) 15) text: He'll sell. FRANKLIN
92) 0) text: 93 Franklin sits in his chair at a desk.
92) 1) dialog: (full of charm)
92) 3) dialog: You'll never guess why I'm calling.
93) 6) text: I was a dancer... Tom and Franklin come out. Franklin gives a questioning l to Helena, pondering how these boys have suddenly appeare
93) 10) dialog: Welcome Push Boys! Good day, Eloise.
93) 13) dialog: It's hardly a done deal, but for better or worse, you may be looking at the new owner of this God- forsaken place.
94) 0) text: 95 A free wheeling game of poker. Heavy with cigarette and c smoke, Franklin, Tom, Fred, Jake and Pat are playing.
94) 2) dialog: I am buying it. Make no mistake about that.
94) 6) text: The boy makes a good point, Franklin.
94) 7) dialog: Not everything in this world has to be about profits.
94) 15) dialog: Too rich for my blood.
94) 21) dialog: Very well. Gentlemen, the game is Five Card Stud, sevens are wild. Everyone groans.
94) 22) dialog: Sevens are wild and you can all go to Hell!
95) 2) text: Where do you think you're going? Franklin is being pushed by Roy in his wheelchair. They a both dressed in pajamas and bathrobes, though Franklin ha blanket around his shoulders to shield him from the morni chill. Tom is caught. This is everything he wanted to avoid. TOM
95) 3) text: Going to Asheville to see my parents. From the sight of Tom's car stuffed with luggage, it is c he is not coming back. FRANKLIN
95) 5) text: You. (You're beginning, not me. a beat) I've got cancer, Franklin. It's spread everywhere. Franklin is stunned -- utterly thrown. FRANKLIN
95) 7) text: I've seen the best doctors. When you were in New York they opened me up for the second time. Now I just want to die in the bed I was born. Franklin is struggling with this. TOM
95) 12) dialog: You never pitied me. Thank you for that.
95) 14) dialog: I will miss you all the days of my life. Tom gets into his car and looks at Franklin with a smile.
97) 2) text: Excellent, Fred! Keep going... They are surrounded by many others, Franklin, Eloise, Woodhall, Pat and Jake. The BEEPING of a car horn gets their immediate attention. Roy leaps off the porch, skipping the stairs as his broth Pete drives up in Tom's car. He parks it and steps out. PETE
97) 3) text: Morning, Mr. Roosevelt. FRANKLIN
97) 5) text: I was as sorry as anyone to hear about Mr. Loyless's passing. Wished he coulda' lived to see this! FRANKLIN
97) 7) text: Mr. Loyless had me come up and fetch this right after he brung it to Asheville. "Pete, he said, "Take this home and fix it up for Mr. Roosevelt." FRANKLIN
97) 9) text: You can now. Roy opens the passenger door and lifts Franklin into the driver's seat. PETE
97) 13) dialog: Got it.
97) 19) dialog: Oh, yes I am! Franklin hits the gas as the car begins HALTING and JERKI the whole way down the driveway. Pete is yelling out instructions but Franklin ignores him. They all watch as he pulls away. As the car hits the end of the driveway Franklin reaches across Pete and opens his passenger door pushing him out. Franklin tears off alone -- out on his first solo spin.
99) 4) dialog: Your chariot awaits, Madame! Louis promptly drops the luggage. Then he and Eleanor wal over to the car, taking in the hand-controls.
99) 6) dialog: Tuesday! 101
100) 0) text: Franklin drives wild and fast. Louis hat flies right off head. Eleanor just holds on.
101) 0) text: 102 Franklin, Eleanor and Louis pull up to the Inn. Though th brush has been cleared and the trees are newly trimmed, i still a wreck. Franklin is too proud to concede Louis and Eleanor's disappointment.
101) 1) dialog: Can't wait to give you the tour!
102) 0) text: 103 Franklin wheels himself along the circular driveway, poin things out, almost manic in his energy.
102) 1) dialog: A small schoolhouse will go there. We need it badly as many of the children are barred from the local schools due to their infirmities.
102) 3) dialog: We also require a blacksmith's shop so we can craft braces here on the premises. I've found a wonderful local man who can make crutches and canes. His work is outstanding. Of course what is most desperately needed is a hospital. That's going to put my fund raising abilities to the test. Franklin wheels himself up a ramp to the Inn as Eleanor a Louis follow.
103) 3) dialog: That this will be the first polio rehabilitation and treatment center in the world. My personal trust almost covers the price of the Inn and the surrounding land. There will be a modest tuition charged to the patients which should hold us over while I seek out investors.
103) 6) dialog: Mama will see that the children are provided for.
103) 10) text: Franklin, I need for you to be practical and realistic. FRANKLIN
103) 12) text: I don't care for ultimatums disguised as debate. Eleanor starts to leave. FRANKLIN
103) 15) text: You can't talk to her like that. FRANKLIN
103) 17) text: With the respect she deserves. (a beat) Look, I don't deny the work you're doing here could be important -- FRANKLIN
103) 21) dialog: When I can walk, I'll run.
105) 1) dialog: This is a very special night we're celebrating. At last we are together eating in this dining room! The hands come up and out from under the table, applaudin
105) 3) dialog: Now please join me in welcoming Miss Jackie Mills, a new arrival along with her father, Samuel, all the way from Oakland, California.
105) 7) text: Let us also take this opportunity to welcome our two able-bodied guests, Mr. Louis Howe and my better half, Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt.
105) 10) text: Wait a minute! I can't let this opportunity pass without saying out loud what a lot of us feel in our hearts right now. (a beat) You're a man among men, Franklin.
105) 13) text: (laughing) It's a real democracy at Warm Springs -- everybody gets heard! (to Franklin) You listening? Eleanor, seated next to Franklin, watches as Franklin, in rare moment of emotional nakedness, is at a loss for word JAKE
105) 24) text: "But oh! What you do to me! I'm like an ocean wave that's bumped on the shore; I feel so absolutely stumped on the floor!" This is too much for the crowd, including Franklin, Elean and Louis. They laugh and cry in equal measure at the sig of Eloise and her Chorus. The song finished, Franklin quiets down the crowd.
105) 26) dialog: Before we say good night, I understand our Royal-Taskmaster- in-Residence, Miss Mahoney, insists on having the last word. Helena rises from her seat.
106) 0) text: 107 Roy lifts Franklin out of the wheelchair and on to the be Eleanor enters holding a lit candle. Roy is about to begin Franklin's bedtime routine, but Ele gently reaches out and touches him on the arm.
106) 4) text: What is your most pressing concern? Eleanor kneels before him and tugs the pants down, slowly as not to catch on the braces. Eleanor folds the pants and carefully places them over th back of a chair. FRANKLIN
106) 5) text: Getting a doctor to live on the premises full-time. Someone who, at the very least, could monitor our progress. Make us legitimate. She begins to take off Franklin's braces -- a series of intricate buckles. Eleanor slides the braces off his legs. His legs, though deeply tanned are withered and spindly. He is still weari his shoes. ELEANOR
106) 6) text: And that costs more money. FRANKLIN
106) 7) text: Yes. Eleanor puts the heavy braces against the wall and kneels once again to untie his shoelaces. FRANKLIN
106) 8) text: But the real problem is no one is interested. The annual Orthopedics Convention is being held in Atlanta this weekend and I offered to speak. (his anger surfacing) They turned me down flat. Eleanor takes Franklin's pajama bottoms off the bed and w tender care pulls them up his legs.
106) 10) text: A few weeks ago, the conditions at a garment factory on West 27th Street were brought to my attention. The owners claimed everything was satisfactory, but would never let anyone in to conduct a proper inspection. She reaches for Franklin's hands and pulls him up to a se position. They are now face to face. ELEANOR
106) 11) text: It took awhile, but we finally got in. FRANKLIN
106) 13) text: I showed up with someone from the Labor Board and we refused to leave until they let us in. FRANKLIN
106) 15) text: At the risk of my good standing with the Junior Assistance League, I suggest we crash the party. She stands and walks over to Franklin and runs her hand through his hair.    E LEANOR
106) 16) text: Good night, Franklin. She goes to the door and opens it letting in a shaft of l against the candle-lit room. FRANKLIN
107) 0) text: 108 Franklin's car pulls up to a massive stone building built Greek revival style. Franklin looks intimidated -- there two dozen stairs leading up to the main entrance.
108) 0) text: 109 Roy climbs the stairs like a stevedore with Franklin slun over his shoulder. Using enormous force, Eleanor is pulli the chair up and over each step while walking backwards u the stairs.
109) 3) dialog: Good afternoon! Eleanor talks quickly while wheeling Franklin down the ai
109) 5) text: Eleanor Roosevelt, niece of the late President Theodore Roosevelt and this is my husband, Franklin, former Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
109) 6) dialog: (sotto to Eleanor)
109) 11) text: Thank you, Dr. Bissell for agreeing to let us share the stage with you today. It was so generous of you. Dr. Bissell smiles limply, saving face. The audience vagu applauds. Franklin and Eleanor are now center stage. ELEANOR
109) 12) text: My husband, as many of you may have read, is a victim of polio. However, victim is only a definition, not a state of mind. Franklin? He looks at her completely amazed. Eleanor gives him an F
109) 15) text: One DOCTOR in particular, 60's, leans forward in his chai listening with great interest. FRANKLIN
110) 0) text: 111 There is a receiving line in place to get a last word or autograph with Franklin and Eleanor. DR. WILLIS, bespectacled, speaks with them.
110) 6) text: Well, I believe you must say what you feel in your heart -- what you feel is right, for you'll be criticized anyway. Damned if you do -- damned if you don't. DR. HEBERT, military in bearing -- the doctor who listene intensely -- steps up in line and shakes hands with Elean and then Franklin.
110) 10) text: If it is possible I'd like to come and make an evaluation for the Journal of Orthopedic Medicine. Franklin looks to Eleanor, elated.
110) 11) dialog: The sooner the better.
111) 0) text: 112 Roy is fast asleep tucked around the wheelchair in the ba seat. Franklin smiles in Eleanor's direction. She looks back at shyly and smiles in return. But her expression changes wh she sees something in his eyes -- something she hasn't se for a long time.
111) 2) dialog: (a beat)
111) 3) text: Who are you? Franklin reaches out and takes her hand, pulling her clos He stretches his whole arm around her and places her hand one of the driving knobs, his hand on top of hers.
111) 5) dialog: I'll teach you. They operate the car together -- their connection complet
112) 0) text: 113 Franklin and Eleanor are sitting in the front seat of the car. Louis is already up on the train platform.
112) 5) dialog: Babs... words fail me.
112) 11) dialog: It is. How's the Boll Weevil situation?
115) 0) text: 16 A line stretches outside with patients waiting to be seen Among them is Franklin, chatting with everyone else, expecting and receiving no priority attention.
119) 0) text: 120 Franklin seated alone on the porch in the darkness. He dr on his cigarette and the red glow illuminates the contour his face in repose.
120) 0) text: 121 Franklin is on the phone. Roy stands by his side.
120) 1) dialog: Hello, Souders. How are you?... Couldn't be better. I was wondering if you'd found a buyer for my naval prints? (clearly not)
120) 2) text: I see. Well, they're in marvelous condition... All right, Souders. Oh one more thing... I have some beautiful pieces of my Grandfather's -- T'ang Dynasty... Really?... An auction in the Fall? That sounds promising. I'll be in touch. Franklin hangs up and sits deep in thought. He rubs his perspiring forehead with the back of his hand. He looks d at his hand and sees that it is shaking.
121) 0) text: 122 Franklin is walking on crutches aided by Roy. Nearby, a g of children practice on parallel bars with Helena.
121) 1) dialog: What am I going to tell these people if I have to close things down?
121) 3) dialog: Any good news?
121) 5) dialog: The operative word was good.
121) 9) dialog: (reading)
121) 11) text: Roy! Something catches Franklin's eye and his smile begins to
122) 2) dialog: Read it. Out loud. Page twenty-nine.
122) 4) dialog: (angrily)
122) 10) text: "There is marked falling away of the muscle masses on either side of the spine in the lower lumbar region. His lower extremities present a most depressing picture." She brings the pages down, but Franklin gestures her to continue. HELENA
122) 11) text: "I feel after studying him that the psychological factor in his management is paramount. He has such courage and ambition. Yet at the same time he is such an extraordinarily sensitive emotional mechanism... It is difficult for her to continue. FRANKLIN
122) 13) text: ... that it will take all the skill which we can muster to lead him successfully to a recognition of his severe physical limitations without crushing him." FRANKLIN
122) 15) text: And you still might. This report legitimizes we've worked so hard for. We can raise funs now. It could change everything! FRANKLIN
122) 17) text: Franklin, I won't play this game. I won't feel sorry for you. e reaches for the bottle, but Helena grabs on to it, stopping him.
124) 0) text: 125 Responding to a knock at the door, Roy gets up from sitti on the couch with Franklin, sullen and inattentive.
124) 5) dialog: I've done no such thing.
124) 8) text: I'm here to take you to Houston. You started your speech yet? FRANKLIN
124) 9) text: I'm not going. He stares at Franklin, drinking. Shaking his head, he goe over to the sidebar and pours one for himself. LOUIS
124) 10) text: You know what this is, don't you? It's a golden opportunity. A springboard for you to run for Governor. ranklin is silent. Frustrated, Louis takes a seat in Franklin's empty wheelchair. LOUIS
124) 11) text: Ever hear of a Civil War General named Francis Nicholls? FRANKLIN
124) 13) text: Well, I never heard of him either. But this was one brave son-of-a- bitch. Fought for the Confederacy and lost his left arm in one battle and his left foot in another. Then after the war he ran and won the Governorship of Louisiana -- twice! FRANKLIN
124) 15) text: (with emphasis) Twice. (a beat) Look, I've worked like a dog to keep your name in play, grovelling at the feet of the powers-that-be in back rooms. FRANKLIN
126) 4) dialog: The report. I'll never... She sits by his side and Franklin begins to cry. His sobs grow louder connecting to the despair deep inside him. It unleashes an avalanche of grief.
126) 6) dialog: I'm useless, Eleanor. I feel so useless.
127) 0) text: 128 Franklin is wheeled down to the pool by Roy and Eleanor. they get closer, Franklin makes out someone already swimm
127) 2) dialog: (squinting)
127) 4) dialog: Elliot!
127) 6) dialog: I sense a conspiracy.
128) 0) text: 129 Elliot is climbing a rope dangling high from a tree as Franklin and Eleanor look up at him. Franklin is standing crutches. Elliot descends with a flourish as Helena approaches Fran with a single cane.
128) 4) text: We're going to make your arms function as your legs. FRANKLIN
128) 8) text: Eleanor, take the crutch. Eleanor takes one crutch as Helena takes the other, repla it in Franklin's hand with a cane. Then, with Elliot on Franklin's left side she bends Ellio arm at a right angle, like a parallel bar, and hooks Franklin's left arm around his. Going over to Franklin's right side she puts a cane in hi HELENA
128) 9) text: (to Franklin) Now use your right shoulder and pull your left leg forward. He does so. HELENA
128) 10) text: Good! Now with the muscles in your left shoulder, pull your right leg. FRANKLIN
128) 12) text: That's what Elliot is for. He's going to hold you up. Hitch your leg! Come on! Franklin and Elliot attempt to walk. It requires immense strength and effort on both their parts.
128) 14) text: (ever the taskmaster) Elliot, don't lean in -- stand up straight. Pull against him. He needs you! After one or two steps the enormity of it overwhelms Fran FRANKLIN
128) 17) text: You can do this, Franklin! Keep going! They start the walk again. It's awkward... difficult... b it's working. LOUIS
128) 18) text: (under his breath) I'll be damned. Franklin stops, exhausted. ELEANOR
128) 19) text: Franklin, are you all right? FRANKLIN
128) 20) text: I'm fine. I'm just... Roy runs in with a chair and helps Franklin into it as Helena, Eleanor, Louis, Elliot and Roy all look at him, concerned. HELENA
128) 21) text: This isn't a replacement for the real work we're doing to get you on your feet again, understand? No one is throwing in the towel or even agreeing with that doctor's report... FRANKLIN
128) 27) dialog: No, it's not. (a beat)
128) 28) text: It's political. Franklin looks at Louis, then to Eleanor, and realizes th this could be it. 1
129) 0) text: 30 Franklin and Elliot are walking. Helena is close behind, coaching.
129) 10) dialog: Good afternoon, everyone! Off-balance Franklin goes down hard bringing Elliot down him. Eleanor, Louis and Roy all rush to his aid, but Helena is there first.
129) 12) dialog: Damn. You okay son?
129) 15) dialog: Yes, I did, Daisy. Twelfth time today. Must be a new record! Daisy laughs as do the others, though some can't hide the concern. Franklin struggles hard as Roy and Elliot help him to his feet. 131
130) 0) text: Eleanor is packing Franklin's suitcase while Franklin, sitting up in bed dressed in pajamas, works on his speech
130) 1) dialog: (reading aloud)
130) 5) dialog: To emblaze the trail along a high road that will avoid... avoid the bottomless morass... Discouraged, Franklin pushes aside the pages.
130) 8) dialog: What if I fall... trying to get to the podium.
130) 10) dialog: No, if I fall in front of thousands of people I lose everything but their pity. (a beat)
130) 13) dialog: Who are we fooling? This will never work. They'll never let me back into politics. They'll never see past my legs.
131) 0) text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, a by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot i back. Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees straight ahead. It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the drive in chairs and on crutches. All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists, Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.
131) 6) text: What we have done and will continue to do until this disease is defeated is come together -- like a family -- and do what we do best... (his voice breaking) Lift each other up. Franklin starts the car as the crowd begins to disperse. Then, spying Helena, Franklin calls out to her. FRANKLIN
131) 9) dialog: Thank you. He hands it to Helena. She just stares at it, at a loss f words.
131) 13) dialog: Don't wear it in the pool.
131) 15) dialog: I'm throwing myself to the wolves.
131) 17) dialog: I'll always come back here. Helena steps away and Franklin pulls out and down the driveway.
132) 0) text: Dark and deserted Roy is carrying Franklin down a flight stairs. Louis is hastily checking over his shoulder. If possible, Eleanor appears even more nervous than Louis.
132) 1) dialog: You're being superstitious, Louis. There aren't any reporters here. Suddenly out of the darkness a FLASHBULB POPS revealing a dozen or more REPORTERS staring incomprehensibly at the s of a six foot, 200 lb. man being carried like a baby in t arms of a black man. No one does or says a thing. The PHOTOGRAPHER who had the wherewithal to snap the one picture raises his camera to another. But DAN REED, a reporter for The New York Herald Tribune a gentle giant at over six foot-four, reaches out and pla a massive hand over the lens. Slowly, but firmly, he pulls the camera down.
132) 8) dialog: Thank you.
135) 0) text: 136 Franklin is standing ramrod straight holding onto Elliot' arm. He looks handsome in a navy pin-striped suit. As everyone else is sweating no one notices that Franklin is perspiring more than F most.
135) 3) dialog: Louis, what the hell am I doing?
135) 6) text: of long-standing political commitment to our great nation... Ladies and gentlemen: Franklin Delano Roosevelt! Franklin turns to Elliot and they both take deep breaths.
135) 7) dialog: (to Elliot)
136) 0) text: 137 A BLINDING SPOTLIGHT picks up Franklin and Elliot. The SPOTLIGHT follows them as they make their way to the podi Franklin is hitching each leg forward, slowly. The tip of cane hits the floor with pinpoint accuracy for balance an support. He leans heavily on Elliot's arm. The walk appears effort He chats with Elliot the whole way, still managing to fla the CONVENTIONEERS his million dollar smile. But the walk slow and the ovation is beginning to fade.
139) 0) text: 140 Franklin and Elliot are still ten steps away from the pod Sensing the crowd noise weakening, he whispers to Elliot.
139) 1) dialog: Laugh as if I'm making a joke. Elliot throws back his head and laughs. The crowd, wantin be in on it, rise as one in a sustained CHEER! But a puddle of sweat caused by the dripping perspiration from Franklin's hands is causing the tip of his cane to s Elliot, ever aware, grips him tighter, averting disaster finally they reach the podium. Franklin grabs one side of the podium while Elliot, with sleight of hand Houdini would admire, LOCKS his father's braces, whisks the cane away, pulls his father's speech f his breast pocket and lays it smoothly on the podium. THE VIEW FROM BEHIND displays how Franklin's legs are spr wide for stability as he clutches the podium. He holds on tightly, as if the wood might snap from his grip. FROM OUT FRONT the crowd sees only a powerful man standin tall amidst the flashbulbs POPPING.
142) 0) text: 143 Eleanor applauds Franklin as a REPORTER leans in.
143) 0) text: 144 Franklin stands before the crowd. His magnetism is incontestable. He radiates infinite possibility. He looks up to Eleanor's box and they smile at one anothe the crowd continues to applaud.
144) 0) text: 145 The mineral springs gently ripple as Franklin appears in water. As the following words appear on the screen, Frank slowly and confidently swims out of frame.