71) 6) text: I'm looking for a young gentleman by the name of Botts. Fred Botts?
73) 0) text: 74 Amongst crates and luggage is FRED BOTTS, a young man of fifteen lying on the floor, unconscious. A wheelchair is to him, turned over on its side.
74) 0) text: Roy lays Fred on a bench. Franklin wheels himself over.
74) 3) dialog: Mr. Roosevelt?...
74) 6) dialog: The conductor wouldn't let me ride in the passenger car with my chair. Franklin looks at the clipping, then at Fred.
74) 8) dialog: Knoxville.
74) 11) text: Roy, take him to the car. As Roy lifts Fred in his arms, Franklin wheels himself to engine car. Tom follows as they approach the CONDUCTOR. FRANKLIN
74) 18) text: Get this lunatic off me! Franklin wheels himself towards Tom's car where Fred is n lying across the back seat. The sight of Fred drains all anger from Franklin's face. FRANKLIN
75) 0) text: 76 Fred lays in Franklin's bed while Franklin sits by the bedside. Roy lays a cold compress on Fred's forehead.
79) 0) text: 80 Franklin is tucking Fred in for the night.
79) 1) dialog: When can I swim?
79) 3) dialog: When I'm asleep, in my dreams, I can still walk.
79) 6) dialog: Nine years. I'd just learned to ride a bike. After I got sick my mom was sure that the bike had caused it.
79) 9) dialog: No. She took it out back and shot it. Franklin howls with laughter, joined by Fred.
86) 0) text: 87 Franklin is in the water. Roy lifts Fred out of his wheelchair and gently puts him in the shallow end. Frankl receives him. Fred's face is ecstatic as he floats on his back in the water.
88) 0) text: 89 Franklin and Roy, having finished lunch, are playing checkers. Fred is sitting nearby eating a piece of pie. Helena approaches. Roy pulls off a triple jump.
88) 3) text: King me. Franklin reluctantly tops Roy's checker. FRED
91) 6) text: I wish there was more to read. Damn few things being written about any of this. To think of someone like Fred... locked away... his mind and heart so vibrant... TOM
94) 0) text: 95 A free wheeling game of poker. Heavy with cigarette and c smoke, Franklin, Tom, Fred, Jake and Pat are playing.
94) 4) dialog: If you don't mind my asking, how will people pay for the services you are going to offer here? Most people with polio have a hard enough time making ends meet as it is.
97) 0) text: 98 Fred, on crutches, swings himself up using one side and t the next under Helena's supervision.
97) 2) text: Excellent, Fred! Keep going... They are surrounded by many others, Franklin, Eloise, Woodhall, Pat and Jake. The BEEPING of a car horn gets their immediate attention. Roy leaps off the porch, skipping the stairs as his broth Pete drives up in Tom's car. He parks it and steps out. PETE
97) 15) dialog: Hot damn! You got hand controls.
123) 0) text: Fred, wearing a bow tie and an oversized jacket, is proud polishing off a desktop sign that reads: "FRED BOTTS:
123) 6) text: A little bit. Fred eyes the telegram, then impulsively grabs it, rippin open. FRED
123) 13) dialog: He won't go. He doesn't want to be seen walking on crutches or being wheeled to the podium.
123) 15) dialog: But all the people at the convention will. Helena nods, "That's right."
131) 0) text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, a by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot i back. Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees straight ahead. It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the drive in chairs and on crutches. All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists, Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.
131) 1) dialog: Don't worry, Doc -- we're not coming with you.