80) 6) dialog: Jake Perrini, Bronx, New York.
80) 8) dialog: How you doin'? Jake reaches out his hand to shake. Roy is unsure what to
80) 9) dialog: C'mon -- I won't bite.
80) 12) text: (shaking his hand) Mighty fine, sir. Mighty fine. JAKE
80) 13) text: Hey, would you mind pulling me outta this trap, Roy? I wanna get airborne. Roy gently lifts Jake up and out of his chair, into his a like a child. JAKE
80) 14) text: Do me one more favor? Throw me in? Roy tosses Jake to the heavens and he SAILS through the a emitting a jungle cry of pure emotional release before SPLASHING down hard in the water.
94) 0) text: 95 A free wheeling game of poker. Heavy with cigarette and c smoke, Franklin, Tom, Fred, Jake and Pat are playing.
94) 16) dialog: (to Tom)
97) 2) text: Excellent, Fred! Keep going... They are surrounded by many others, Franklin, Eloise, Woodhall, Pat and Jake. The BEEPING of a car horn gets their immediate attention. Roy leaps off the porch, skipping the stairs as his broth Pete drives up in Tom's car. He parks it and steps out. PETE
105) 0) text: 106 The camera pans various tables revealing legs in braces, legs in wheelchairs, shapely legs, flaccid legs, children legs... some reveal illicit romances, betrayed by secret hand holding and hands on thighs. Jake and a new physical therapist, MARY BETH, are particularly cozy.
105) 9) text: Now for the musical portion of our program... JAKE
105) 12) text: And children! JAKE
105) 13) text: (laughing) It's a real democracy at Warm Springs -- everybody gets heard! (to Franklin) You listening? Eleanor, seated next to Franklin, watches as Franklin, in rare moment of emotional nakedness, is at a loss for word JAKE
118) 0) text: 119 An empty wheelchair, illuminated by a sliver of moonlight On a blanket nearby are Jake and Mary Beth. he unbuttons his shirt and runs her hands over his impressively developed upper body. They begin to kiss hungrily, passionately -- completely in their own world. Several yards away, across the lawn, Eloise is in Woodhall's arms -- they are dancing. He is singing softly into her ear as they sway, her feet never touching the gr
129) 3) dialog: He doesn't have a choice.
129) 5) dialog: How can you disagree? "There but for the grace of God goes us," that's what they're saying. As if our bodies is who we are, but it's not. It's our souls is who we are, but they don't know that.
129) 8) dialog: It's not gonna matter if he hides his legs as long as he don't hide what he knows. And what he knows is what it's like to be one of us. ranklin, getting closer, raises his cane in greeting.
131) 0) text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, a by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot i back. Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees straight ahead. It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the drive in chairs and on crutches. All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists, Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.