8) 5) text: Why don't you ask your husband for some pointers? He's a pretty gifted public speaker, don't you think? LOUIS HOWE, 48, is a wizened man of limited stature and unlimited soul. Franklin's political advisor extraordinai part consiglieri and part priest. He is the mastermind be what he believes will be the greatest political career of twentieth century. He gets up and leans in closely to Eleanor. A cigarette d off his lip and the smoke rises up and curls in her face. LOUIS
8) 7) text: Mr. Howe, wouldn't you be more comfortable waiting for my husband outside? LOUIS
8) 9) text: If you like. Eleanor smiles oh-so politely at Louis, as Franklin enter from the dining room. FRANKLIN
8) 11) text: Good morning, sir. Quickly, she lowers her eyes to her work. LOUIS
8) 23) text: Good day, Miss Mercer. Lucy nods and Franklin exits. Then Louis tips his hat to ladies and follows him out.
9) 0) text: 9 A car pulls over and Franklin is first out, followed by Louis, walking at a brisk pace as they cross the opposite side of the street. Louis struggles to keep up while consulting a small appointment book.
9) 1) dialog: At ten you've got a meeting with representatives from Pittsburgh Steel. Their bid on the ship building contract has already been turned in and is on your desk for approval.
9) 3) text: What did I think of it? An AFRICAN-AMERICAN man steps off the curb, letting Frank and Louis pass. LOUIS
9) 5) text: I better read it. Steel workers tend to vote democratic. Next. LOUIS
9) 7) text: Must I? LOUIS
9) 9) text: Anything else? LOUIS
9) 11) text: Who? Louis shoots him a look that says "you know who." LOUIS
9) 13) text: I can handle my own affairs, Louis. LOUIS
9) 15) text: You say that like it's a bad thing. Louis takes a quick last drag on his cigarette and follow him inside a building.
14) 7) dialog: Lord save us from fools in love.
16) 4) dialog: We've come so far, boss. State Assembly, Assistant Secretary of the Navy -- all pages right out of Cousin Teddy's play book. We're on the road to the White House. Don't do this. Franklin sees his son, ELLIOT, 10, playing separately fro the rest of his siblings. Elliot looks up at his father a Franklin bares his best politician's smile at him. A ROAR begins to fill his ears. It becomes clearer that i the sound of a CROWD CHEERING.
19) 0) text: 20 Franklin, Louis and a PHOTOGRAPHER disembark from a touri
19) 1) dialog: We're not taking this defeat lying down, boss. We'll run you for Governor --
19) 3) text: (kidding) Really? Of which state? Louis shoots him a look. LOUIS
19) 5) text: What about Al Smith? LOUIS
19) 7) text: Boy Scouts, Louis? Hardly my political base. LOUIS
19) 9) text: Franklin Roosevelt, happy to meet you. Franklin masks his thinly veiled discomfort with an artificial good cheer. Meanwhile, Louis, in full politica mode, makes sure the L Photographer gets everything.
19) 18) text: Okay, I guess. The SCOUTS begin washing their hands together in the wate barrel and Franklin joins in as Louis looks on admiringly As Guiseppe splashes some of the water on his face, Frank not to be outdone, does so as well. It's all for the came
21) 1) dialog: He's a natural. Eleanor gives it a cursory glance then looks out to where Franklin and the children come bounding up the lawn.
21) 8) text: Go wash up. Utterly spent, Franklin lays on the grass, not moving. LOUIS
21) 14) dialog: Tired?
21) 16) dialog: Why don't you nap before dinner?
23) 0) text: 24 As the door from the sun room opens onto the porch, Ellio there waiting. Seeing them coming, he dashes off into the yard so as not to be seen as Eleanor, Louis, Sara and the Doctor enter.
23) 6) text: Not necessarily. LOUIS
23) 8) text: Some experts believe it is linked to contaminated water. But that theory is speculative at best. LOUIS
26) 0) text: 27 Sara, Eleanor and Louis are in heated conversation.
26) 6) dialog: Because he needs it.
32) 2) text: (genuinely surprised) Louis? LOUIS
32) 4) text: No letter? No wire? LOUIS
32) 6) text: What the hell are you doing here? LOUIS
32) 12) text: You mean your mother's, don't you? The Waitress puts down two cups of coffee. Franklin pulls a flask and pours some into his cup. He then lights a cigarette and begins smoking, but doesn't offer one to Lo Without asking, Louis helps himself. FRANKLIN
32) 13) text: So Mama financed this fool's errand, has she? Well, it's a waste of a trip. LOUIS
32) 15) text: What can I get you? LOUIS
32) 17) text: Nothing. I fancy nothing. LOUIS
32) 18) text: He'll have the same. The Waitress grabs their menus and scurries away. Louis o his briefcase and hands Franklin a stack of mail. Frankli glances it, but doesn't open any. LOUIS
32) 20) text: I can still read. Franklin flips through the mail and finds a letter that interests him, opening it. LOUIS
32) 24) text: Getting me? For one thing, no one gets to see me and I don't get to see them. LOUIS
32) 26) text: (reading) Really? Louis looks sadly at his friend. LOUIS
32) 28) text: skimming the letter) From George Foster Peabody. He owns a resort in rural Georgia for investment purposes. Hot springs or something. He claims that only recently a crippled boy swam in the waters and can walk again. LOUIS
32) 40) text: And I'm sick of home. (to Louis) Where's the letter from Peabody? LOUIS
32) 42) text: Why not miracle waters? I've drunk the oil of monkey glands, been zapped with electricity and hung upside down in harnesses. After all that, this sounds downright peaceful. LOUIS
32) 44) text: Where do you picture me, Louis? LOUIS
32) 46) text: President, Louis? I can't visit the bathroom without a team of associates to help pull my pants down.
32) 50) dialog: Give it a little time.
50) 0) text: Eleanor is pouring tea for Louis, who is seated.
50) 2) dialog: I thought you might want to see a friendly face. (off the silence) So how's our boy doing?
50) 4) text: Her pent-up tears burst in a free-flow. Louis leads her t nearby settee and hands her his handkerchief.
50) 7) dialog: Don't you think it's time you called me Louis?
50) 11) dialog: Maybe we've been going about this all wrong. He's down there to be alone so let's give him what he wants. We change our focus.
50) 13) dialog: To you.
56) 0) text: Louis and Eleanor approach a set of double doors.
56) 2) dialog: I take full responsibility if you hyperventilate or faint. They enter the room.
57) 5) text: Too often... She stops. The pause is deadly. Louis looks ready to jump a window. Eleanor continues, her voice still pitched too ELEANOR
57) 10) text: I'm reminded of what someone once said about looking at an elephant. That it is impossible to ever see an entire elephant from one place -- you must walk around it. If our elected leaders are to be truly effective then they must be willing to go out of their way to look beyond what is right in front of them. To see the entire elephant. And for that... they need our help. The ladies applaud her, much to her relief. Louis beams.
61) 6) text: Thank you, Missy, and c.c. that to Louis. Missy rises with a stack of envelopes and heads out. Roy enters with a plate of pancakes in front of Franklin. ROY
83) 0) text: With Louis in tow, Eleanor is touring the exterior of an ironworks factory. She is the only woman in a large gathe of men.
85) 0) text: 6 Eleanor is being introduced by Louis to members of the Ne York State Assembly -- all men -- eager to shake her hand
96) 0) text: 97 Sara paces wildly, waving a letter at Eleanor and Louis.
96) 13) dialog: I'm against it as well. It will consume too much of his time and energy.
99) 0) text: 100 A spent and anxious Eleanor, with Louis in tow, stands on station platform, suitcase in hand.
99) 2) dialog: It's a far cry from Grand Central Station. They are both silent for a moment.
99) 5) dialog: When did you learn to drive this thing?
100) 0) text: Franklin drives wild and fast. Louis hat flies right off head. Eleanor just holds on.
101) 0) text: 102 Franklin, Eleanor and Louis pull up to the Inn. Though th brush has been cleared and the trees are newly trimmed, i still a wreck. Franklin is too proud to concede Louis and Eleanor's disappointment.
103) 4) dialog: Franklin, you're risking everything you have...
103) 14) text: I will see you gentlemen tonight. She leaves. LOUIS
103) 16) text: Oh really? Are you an expert on this now? How should I speak to my wife, Louis? LOUIS
103) 20) dialog: The issue is whether you want to run a rehabilitation center or whether you want to run for office again.
105) 7) text: Let us also take this opportunity to welcome our two able-bodied guests, Mr. Louis Howe and my better half, Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt.
105) 24) text: "But oh! What you do to me! I'm like an ocean wave that's bumped on the shore; I feel so absolutely stumped on the floor!" This is too much for the crowd, including Franklin, Elean and Louis. They laugh and cry in equal measure at the sig of Eloise and her Chorus. The song finished, Franklin quiets down the crowd.
112) 0) text: 113 Franklin and Eleanor are sitting in the front seat of the car. Louis is already up on the train platform.
113) 0) text: 114 A beaming Eleanor sits down next to Louis. He too is look very pleased. Eleanor takes notice.
113) 2) dialog: He's ready.
114) 0) text: 115 Louis is seated in the front row of the balcony of the St Assembly, his feet up on the railing, eating pistachio nu Also seated are two politicos, JAMES HASTINGS and STEPHEN TELLER.
114) 3) dialog: Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't you think even after all these years that old Al's still a little rough around the edges? They laugh knowing this is a huge understatement.
114) 4) dialog: Franklin can help soften his image.
114) 6) dialog: Let him put Smith's name in nomination. Teller and Hastings are none to sure.
114) 9) dialog: It's in the bag, guys. Count on it. Bluffing is one of Louis's strong suits and it looks like they're buying it. Just then, Louis notices a familiar face down on the floo
114) 13) dialog: Hey, Stansbury, give my best to the Misses! (to Hastings and Teller)
124) 3) dialog: Hello, Roy. Roy takes his hat and coat and exits to the bedroom.
124) 4) dialog: I can't believe you've made me come all the way back to this hell hole!
124) 9) text: I'm not going. He stares at Franklin, drinking. Shaking his head, he goe over to the sidebar and pours one for himself. LOUIS
124) 10) text: You know what this is, don't you? It's a golden opportunity. A springboard for you to run for Governor. ranklin is silent. Frustrated, Louis takes a seat in Franklin's empty wheelchair. LOUIS
124) 12) text: No. LOUIS
124) 13) text: Well, I never heard of him either. But this was one brave son-of-a- bitch. Fought for the Confederacy and lost his left arm in one battle and his left foot in another. Then after the war he ran and won the Governorship of Louisiana -- twice! FRANKLIN
124) 14) text: He was a war hero. LOUIS
124) 18) dialog: I'll be damned if I'm going to let you pass up a chance like this. It's time -- and you're ready.
125) 0) text: 126 Waiting on the porch are Eleanor and Helena, who are seat talking. Louis exits the cottage, defeated.
125) 1) dialog: Your turn. Eleanor rises and goes into the cottage as Louis takes he seat next to Helena.
127) 7) dialog: You ain't seen nothin' yet. ranklin smiles, warily.
128) 17) text: You can do this, Franklin! Keep going! They start the walk again. It's awkward... difficult... b it's working. LOUIS
128) 20) text: I'm fine. I'm just... Roy runs in with a chair and helps Franklin into it as Helena, Eleanor, Louis, Elliot and Roy all look at him, concerned. HELENA
128) 28) text: It's political. Franklin looks at Louis, then to Eleanor, and realizes th this could be it. 1
130) 3) text: No, America needs a pathfinder... Louis, pacing in shirtsleeves, nods approvingly.
130) 4) dialog: That's good.
130) 7) dialog: What is it? What's wrong?
130) 9) dialog: If you fall, you show them how to get up.
130) 12) dialog: Elliot won't let you fall, he'll be there. All the arrangements have been made, boss. It'll be fine.
131) 0) text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, a by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot i back. Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees straight ahead. It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the drive in chairs and on crutches. All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists, Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.
132) 0) text: Dark and deserted Roy is carrying Franklin down a flight stairs. Louis is hastily checking over his shoulder. If possible, Eleanor appears even more nervous than Louis.
133) 0) text: 134 The enormous arena is empty but for some maintenance WORK and JANITORS. Louis enters and makes his way to the stage He approaches dead center and stands behind the podium lo out. GRIPPING the podium hard he ROCKS it back and forth. Taking no chances, he pulls a hammer out from the rear of waistband and a bunch of nails from his coat pocket. Looking around to see if anyone is paying any attention t him he quickly ducks down behind the podium. The sound of HAMMERING fills the hall as Louis, on his kn NAILS the podium to the floor.
135) 2) dialog: In a box stage left. Give me your hand. Franklin takes his hand off his cane. It's soaking wet. L wipes it, gently.
135) 4) dialog: Putting your big toe in the water. Just then, a VOICE booms out from the loudspeakers: