13) 0) text: 13 Springwood is the three-story Roosevelt mansion. It is surrounded by a thousand acres of forests, fields, bridal paths and a glorious view of the Hudson River. THE FIVE ROOSEVELT CHILDREN are screaming on the front la playing a boisterous game of croquet.
65) 0) text: It's a cold day and Franklin is swimming in the pool. Roy is wearing a sweater. Aunt Sally is there, too, weari patched up coat with a scarf around her neck. Tom is near raking leaves.
69) 7) dialog: Mr. Roosevelt, Pat Doyle. I've come all the way from Minneapolis to shake your hand, sir. He reaches out his hand to Franklin.
69) 8) dialog: Stuck in this chair I do nothing but read. Newspapers, mostly. Usually I'm just looking for something -- anything -- that'll tell me there's even the slightest chance I'll walk again. Franklin is uncomfortable, especially as Pat won't let go his hand.
69) 10) dialog: Well, you're here. And we're here. Together... we'll think of something. Franklin looks to Tom and gestures for him to come closer
70) 0) text: 71 Franklin is pushing the chair himself along the dirt path his anger propelling F him away from Tom.
70) 13) text: You don't want to be around them because then that would make you one of them, wouldn't it? Franklin furiously wheels himself back towards the cottag getting stuck on the dirt path along the way. FRANKLIN
87) 0) text: 88 A very old car comes coughing in, steam hissing from its engine. HELENA MAHONEY, 43, gets out of the driver's seat. Her ir will is matched only by her deep reserves of empathy. She gets a good look at the Inn. This is what she has come fo
94) 0) text: 95 A free wheeling game of poker. Heavy with cigarette and c smoke, Franklin, Tom, Fred, Jake and Pat are playing.
94) 1) dialog: Polio's always going to be a losing financial proposition, but it doesn't mean you shouldn't buy the place.
94) 3) dialog: Good for you, Doc.
94) 14) dialog: Don't mind him, Tom. He's a cheap bastard. Fred and Pat fold immediately as does Franklin.
97) 2) text: Excellent, Fred! Keep going... They are surrounded by many others, Franklin, Eloise, Woodhall, Pat and Jake. The BEEPING of a car horn gets their immediate attention. Roy leaps off the porch, skipping the stairs as his broth Pete drives up in Tom's car. He parks it and steps out. PETE
97) 16) dialog: That is a thing of beauty! Franklin begins running his hands over the polished wood
104) 0) text: 105 Eleanor approaches the pool. It is as quiet as a church. is stunned to observe over a dozen tables set up in the water. On each table is a child or an adult polio wearing their bathing suit. Next to them is a Physical Therapist also i bathing attire conducting therapy. In hushed tones the Physical Therapists encourage and work the distressed lim of the patients as Helena swims to each table overseeing work being done. Eleanor sits down in a chair and watches fascinated.
109) 16) text: Patients can stay in these waters for up to an hour. This is essential in allowing them the time to work on strengthening their muscles. ELEANOR
115) 0) text: 16 A line stretches outside with patients waiting to be seen Among them is Franklin, chatting with everyone else, expecting and receiving no priority attention.
121) 10) text: "... therefore, in conclusion, my research has shown that the overwhelming majority of patients here have shown some improvement. Enough for me to recommend warm water therapy as the standard post polio treatment to the Orthopedics Society of America!" ( he grips Roy's arm)
122) 14) text: Patronizing son-of-a-bitch! I wanted to walk again. HELENA
129) 7) dialog: He can't do that Eloise, it's politics.
130) 3) text: No, America needs a pathfinder... Louis, pacing in shirtsleeves, nods approvingly.
131) 0) text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, a by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot i back. Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees straight ahead. It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the drive in chairs and on crutches. All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists, Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.