32) 8) text: Stanley, this is Mr. Howe. He gets sea-sick at the mere sight of a boat so he's probably happy that it's being Ldestroyed right now. OUIS
35) 0) text: 36 Franklin exits the train slung in a fireman's carry over shoulder of ROY COLLIER, African-American, 29. His brothe PETE, 27, is close behind, carrying luggage -- both hover around 6' 4". Tom approaches. Franklin attempts to hide his embarrassme with good cheer.
35) 8) dialog: (to Tom)
38) 0) text: 39 Tom's car is now parked in front of a group of small cottages. Roy and Pete's horse drawn wagon is behind it.
40) 2) text: Well ventilated, at least. Roy enters with a suitcase.
40) 3) dialog: Where do you want this, Mr. Roosevelt?
43) 0) text: 44 Roy wheels Franklin while Tom walks in front of them lead the way.
45) 0) text: 46 Roy sleeps on a couch on the front porch. Crickets hum.
54) 0) text: 55 Aunt Sally is seated, talking with Roy while Franklin lie his back in the water, swimming. All his movement comes f his shoulders and arms. The morning sun streams down on h Tom sits off to one side reading the newspaper.
54) 11) text: I'm standing. His laughter gets stronger. Tom, Aunt Sally and Roy look
60) 0) text: 61 Franklin is laid out on the bed as Roy slides the braces his legs. Roy unlaces his shoes and slips them off his fe e is about to put them under the bed when Franklin motion for Roy to hand them to him. Still flat on his back, Franklin luxuriates in the rich leather cobbled by hand. He examines their smooth, immacu soles... worn but never walked in.
61) 6) text: Thank you, Missy, and c.c. that to Louis. Missy rises with a stack of envelopes and heads out. Roy enters with a plate of pancakes in front of Franklin. ROY
61) 8) text: Not really. ROY
61) 10) text: Different people I knew in politics. Just in case they ever want me back. ROY
61) 15) text: Yes. Who are you? Roy opens the door to Prendergast, who enters. PRENDERGAST
65) 0) text: It's a cold day and Franklin is swimming in the pool. Roy is wearing a sweater. Aunt Sally is there, too, weari patched up coat with a scarf around her neck. Tom is near raking leaves.
67) 0) text: 68 Roy is spotting Franklin as he pulls himself along a set parallel bars. Eleanor observes as Franklin uses his arms drag his legs behind him.
67) 4) dialog: I've got you, sir. Franklin then takes note that Eleanor's expression has tu to one of pure heartbreak.
68) 0) text: 69 Franklin is being lifted out of Pete's wagon by Roy and placed into his wheelchair. He sees Tom approaching.
69) 0) text: 70 Franklin now dressed in his bathing suit is being wheeled Roy. Tom follows.
71) 0) text: 72 Franklin, in his wheelchair, smokes a cigarette. His bags next to him, as is Roy. A train's whistle BLOWS and pulls
71) 1) dialog: Right on time. Franklin sees someone else on the platform. He squints in distance. It's Tom. He walks closer towards Franklin and Roy.
72) 0) text: 73 Tom, Franklin and Roy are in front of the large door as t Conductor pushes it back slowly.
74) 0) text: Roy lays Fred on a bench. Franklin wheels himself over.
74) 11) text: Roy, take him to the car. As Roy lifts Fred in his arms, Franklin wheels himself to engine car. Tom follows as they approach the CONDUCTOR. FRANKLIN
74) 24) dialog: Train's ready. Franklin looks at Fred, then at Roy and Tom.
75) 0) text: 76 Fred lays in Franklin's bed while Franklin sits by the bedside. Roy lays a cold compress on Fred's forehead.
80) 7) dialog: Roy, sir.
80) 13) text: Hey, would you mind pulling me outta this trap, Roy? I wanna get airborne. Roy gently lifts Jake up and out of his chair, into his a like a child. JAKE
80) 14) text: Do me one more favor? Throw me in? Roy tosses Jake to the heavens and he SAILS through the a emitting a jungle cry of pure emotional release before SPLASHING down hard in the water.
82) 0) text: 83 Segregated in a back room, all the polio guests are gathe for dinner seated around a couple of sawhorses with old d thrown across them serving as makeshift dining tables. Roy carries DAISY in and places her in the chair next to Franklin.
86) 0) text: 87 Franklin is in the water. Roy lifts Fred out of his wheelchair and gently puts him in the shallow end. Frankl receives him. Fred's face is ecstatic as he floats on his back in the water.
88) 0) text: 89 Franklin and Roy, having finished lunch, are playing checkers. Fred is sitting nearby eating a piece of pie. Helena approaches. Roy pulls off a triple jump.
88) 2) text: Damn! ROY
88) 3) text: King me. Franklin reluctantly tops Roy's checker. FRED
88) 8) text: Then Roosevelt it is. Wait! He jumps one of Roy's checkers. HELENA
88) 13) text: (to Roy) He's open right there.
88) 15) dialog: He sure is. Roy trounces Franklin with three swift moves.
88) 16) dialog: Thank you, ma'am. Helena sits at the table with them.
95) 2) text: Where do you think you're going? Franklin is being pushed by Roy in his wheelchair. They a both dressed in pajamas and bathrobes, though Franklin ha blanket around his shoulders to shield him from the morni chill. Tom is caught. This is everything he wanted to avoid. TOM
95) 11) dialog: God be with you, Mr. Loyless. Tom takes one last look at Franklin.
97) 2) text: Excellent, Fred! Keep going... They are surrounded by many others, Franklin, Eloise, Woodhall, Pat and Jake. The BEEPING of a car horn gets their immediate attention. Roy leaps off the porch, skipping the stairs as his broth Pete drives up in Tom's car. He parks it and steps out. PETE
97) 9) text: You can now. Roy opens the passenger door and lifts Franklin into the driver's seat. PETE
106) 0) text: 107 Roy lifts Franklin out of the wheelchair and on to the be Eleanor enters holding a lit candle. Roy is about to begin Franklin's bedtime routine, but Ele gently reaches out and touches him on the arm.
108) 0) text: 109 Roy climbs the stairs like a stevedore with Franklin slun over his shoulder. Using enormous force, Eleanor is pulli the chair up and over each step while walking backwards u the stairs.
111) 0) text: 112 Roy is fast asleep tucked around the wheelchair in the ba seat. Franklin smiles in Eleanor's direction. She looks back at shyly and smiles in return. But her expression changes wh she sees something in his eyes -- something she hasn't se for a long time.
120) 0) text: 121 Franklin is on the phone. Roy stands by his side.
121) 0) text: 122 Franklin is walking on crutches aided by Roy. Nearby, a g of children practice on parallel bars with Helena.
121) 2) dialog: That you did the best you could. Franklin gives Roy a look of gratitude, then notices Lion approaching with his mail bag. Lionel hands Franklin a fistful of open envelopes.
121) 10) text: "... therefore, in conclusion, my research has shown that the overwhelming majority of patients here have shown some improvement. Enough for me to recommend warm water therapy as the standard post polio treatment to the Orthopedics Society of America!" ( he grips Roy's arm)
121) 11) text: Roy! Something catches Franklin's eye and his smile begins to
121) 12) dialog: What is it, sir?
124) 0) text: 125 Responding to a knock at the door, Roy gets up from sitti on the couch with Franklin, sullen and inattentive.
124) 2) dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Howe.
126) 2) dialog: Very good to see you, Mrs. Roosevelt. She approaches a surprised Franklin. Leaning in, she runs hand across his stubbly beard. He looks up at her.
127) 0) text: 128 Franklin is wheeled down to the pool by Roy and Eleanor. they get closer, Franklin makes out someone already swimm
128) 20) text: I'm fine. I'm just... Roy runs in with a chair and helps Franklin into it as Helena, Eleanor, Louis, Elliot and Roy all look at him, concerned. HELENA
131) 0) text: Franklin is settling into the driver's seat of his car, a by Roy. Eleanor is seated next to him; Louis and Elliot i back. Franklin's attention is diverted by something he sees straight ahead. It is the entire Warm Springs group coming down the drive in chairs and on crutches. All the patients, the Push Boys, the physical therapists, Helena, Jake, Fred, Aunt Sally, Eloise and Lionel.
132) 0) text: Dark and deserted Roy is carrying Franklin down a flight stairs. Louis is hastily checking over his shoulder. If possible, Eleanor appears even more nervous than Louis.