1) 0) text: Three men sit at a window booth drinking coffee and talking. Two of the men sit on one side of the table; STANLEY is in his early thirties, AGENT ROBERTS, early forties. Both wear suits, the younger's is fairly expensive and well cut, the other's is polyester, enough said. The MAN across, however, is quite different. He is what they used to call a "cool-cat."
23) 6) text: -- one of the Agents cuts off his plea with a glance.
34) 0) text: Torvalds sits at a table in a room with a two-way mirror. To his left, a three-piece suited Euroweasel (obviously his LAWYER) nurses a steaming cup of coffee while providing air cover from the two interrogating FBI Agents. The table is covered with empty coffee cups and cigarette carcasses. Roberts eases quietly into the room in mid- interrogation. Torvalds says something in Finnish to his Lawyer.
34) 10) text: The FBI Agent's head is now close to imploding.
35) 0) text: Two FBI agents (BAD AGENTS #1 &amp; 2) watch the interrogation through a two-way mirror. One of the agents looks surprisingly like Gabriel's merc that carried the young blonde girl killed outside the bank earlier.
35) 2) text: I'll tell you what I know. The Agents look at each other.    Bad Agent #1 dials his cell phone.
35) 4) text: Yes, this is Assistant Director Joy, would you find Agent Roberts. It's important that I speak with him as soon as possible. Thank you.
43) 6) text: You need to think about what else you know. (then, to Agent #1)
43) 7) text: Watch him. Roberts walks out of the room.    The FBI Agent positions himself outside the door.
45) 0) text: One of the two Agents watches the door, the other, Bad Agent #2 steps over to the two-way mirror.
47) 0) text: Bad Agent #2 moves his aim to Torvalds' tonsils.   He depresses the trigger slightly.
70) 47) dialog: Yessir.
130) 0) text: Joy and Agent Thomas jump in a waiting car, ready to head toward the airport. Roberts watches them, then com- mandeers another vehicle, tearing ass after the bus.
143) 0) text: Joy and Agent Thomas come SCREECHING up at the airport. Agent Thomas's PHONE RINGS and he answers it. Joy walks over to the SWAT leader.