59) 0) text: The house is at the very top of the hills and the pool hangs off the side of the cliff, way below the house. The outer edge appears nonexistent, like the water hangs frozen in air. A very hip but very nasty soiree is in progress.    More Ibiza than Hollywood Hills. Stanley sits in a chair beside a pool containing a half- dozen beautiful un-clad model-types. Gabriel is mingling through the crowd.
62) 1) dialog: Not your average ten-year-old. Even decked out in bell- bottoms and sandals there is something about the way she carries herself that is older; wiser; sadder. She walks into a CLOSEUP and scans the driveway. Reflected in her tiny, round lavender shades we see the circular driveway of the school jam-packed with buses and parental types in their M-series Mercedes and their Lexus SUVs. She sighs. We CRANE UP, PANNING LEFT. Holly walks to the edge of the street oblivious to the mayhem. She looks up and down the street then slowly drops her backpack and sits down on the curb. She pulls a well-worn copy of William Gibson's Neuromancer from her backpack, and turns up the raging ELECTRONICA from her WALKMAN.
64) 0) text: Holly hits the phone and then presses speed dial. We see "Yellow Cab" scroll across the phone. She hits "SEND."
64) 2) dialog: Look, creep, I don't think so -- She stands up, ready for a fight. And there, next to her is her father; transformed. Under his arm is a three- foot-tall stuffed giraffe wrapped with a big red bow.
64) 3) dialog: Daddy? (recognition)
64) 6) dialog: Daddy... What are you doing here? I missed you so much.
64) 8) dialog: Oh, Daddy. If Mom finds out you're here she's gonna have you thrown back in jail.
65) 0) text: They sit in the CLK, parked down the street from Holly's house.
65) 2) dialog: Of course, but --
65) 4) dialog: (crying)
65) 7) dialog: (crying)
65) 8) text: I love you, Daddy. Holly quickly kisses him, jumps out and runs, crying, from the car at full speed, with the giraffe. Stanley, tears rolling down his face, slaps the steering wheel, trying to figure out how he screwed up his life so badly. Suddenly, the passenger door opens and a man in a DARK BLUE SUIT and fed-issued shades gets in.
113) 0) text: Stanley busts into her house. In the living room, Melissa and the infamous Larry the Porn King are both face-down in a pool of blood. Stan freaks. He runs from room to room yelling Holly's name. The house is deserted. Stanley bursts through the door into Holly's room. The room is empty and in disarray.
122) 13) text: They bring Holly out.
122) 17) text: Holly nods yes. Stanley and Holly are escorted toward the door. Gabriel stands in front, holding his FN-FAL. He is speaking in French to several of the mercs.
122) 19) text: Stanley stops. Gabriel walks down the steps and unhooks Holly's collar. Stan is about to freak.
122) 21) text: He walks back. Marco unlocks the door. Stanley and Holly look at each other. Holly starts to cry.
123) 0) text: Holly hauls ass into the street. Once the FBI SWAT guys see she is off the sidewalk, they scoop her up.
178) 1) dialog: Everything okay, Dad? Stanley, sitting at a booth, looks up from his laptop at Holly who was studying a road map of Arizona.
178) 4) dialog: (folding up road map)
179) 2) dialog: The Petrified Forest.
179) 7) dialog: Right.   And I'm driving.
179) 8) text: Holly climbs into the vehicle, as if to take the wheel. Stanley slides in next to her.
179) 11) dialog: Know why they call it the Petrified Forest?