31) 1) dialog: Hello.
31) 6) dialog: (New York starts to invade her accentless accent) Stanley. Why are you calling here?
32) 2) text: INTERCUT BETWEEN the two. Melissa's accent continues to travel eastward from Midwest flat to full tilt Long Island.
32) 3) dialog: It's... (looks at her watch) It's twelve-thirty, Stanley. She's in school. You know it's illegal for you to talk to her.
32) 5) dialog: How the hell would you know what is or isn't good for my daughter? You've spent the last two years in prison.
32) 7) dialog: Stop calling me that, Stanley.
32) 12) dialog: Well, she doesn't want to see you, Stanley, and I swear to fucking God, if you contact her, I'll have Larry's attorney throw you into a hole so deep and dark it'll make Leavenworth seem like two weeks in Vegas; during which I'll personally pay two ball-busting skin-heads to --
32) 15) dialog: (exhaling) I will not let myself be manipulated by you, Stanley. Larry's her father now.
32) 17) dialog: Larry's a film financier, a good husband, and an astute businessman. What films he's involved in are a function of profitability and none of your business.
32) 19) dialog: Get help, Stanley, get into a program, get a therapist, get a dog, but whatever you do, stay away from my child.
32) 21) dialog: She will never be your child. You'll never have the kind of money to match Larry's lawyers in court. Forget Holly.
63) 0) text: The PHONE RINGS and we PAN AROUND the seemingly empty house, finally COMING TO REST ON the back of the couch. We JIB UP and TILT DOWN. Melissa is passed out in a pool of her own drool. The PHONE continues to RING.
111) 0) text: The cab pulls up in front of Melissa's house.   Stanley jumps out and runs up to the front door.
113) 0) text: Stanley busts into her house. In the living room, Melissa and the infamous Larry the Porn King are both face-down in a pool of blood. Stan freaks. He runs from room to room yelling Holly's name. The house is deserted. Stanley bursts through the door into Holly's room. The room is empty and in disarray.