1) 0) text: The ‘Wipe Out’ sample hits and then the bridge of the son as the CAMERA spins around to find ALEXIS (18) and TYLER black). The CAMERA continues to spin in a dizzying 360 th barely contain their love. Tyler drives with the music cr and Alexis are essentially doing a karaoke duet at the to lungs:
1) 4) dialog: A BRIDGE THAT SOMEONE’S FIGHTING OVER! !
1) 6) dialog: 
3) 0) text: We follow behind Tyler and Alexis, holding hands...
4) 0) text: Tyler and Alexis hang with their friends, a mix of kids. sitting on Tyler's lap, rubbing her hand through his hair
7) 0) text: Tyler is doing conditioning drills with his team. He is r along the football field with a 45 pound plate above his Now, the team is running bleachers in the football stadiu Alexis in the distance. She’s in the middle of the footba practicing drills for the drill team.
8) 9) dialog: Pickle? Tyler smiles. INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - DAY We see CLOSE UPS in 48 FPS of a hand moving through the w blowing, sunlight hitting beautiful eyes, etc. Alexis tur Tyler watching her. They both smile... The end of the song has arrived and there is cheering on track...
9) 2) text: Alexis and Tyler are on a speed boat, with Alexis’s paren Alexis’s dad, BOBBY (40s), is drinking a beer while drivi boat. Alexis’s mom, ELENA (late 30s), is trying to hang o sun hat as the boat flies through wind and waves. INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - EVENING Alexis and Tyler are on their phones, sprawled out on the room couch, as Elena and Bobby head out for the night:
9) 4) dialog: I know- Don’t do anything I wouldn't! Goodbye, dad! BYE. Elena and Bobby walk out the front door. Their house is s and more modest than Tyler’s parent’s place...
9) 7) dialog: Go run away like you always BLAH-BLAH- KEEP RUNNIN YOUR do. You ASSHOLE- MOUTH AND LYIN-
10) 0) text: Tyler takes off in his truck, texting Alexis as he drives blast across screen:
11) 0) text: WIDE SHOT as Tyler’s truck slams on the brakes and does a EXT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler is back and screaming at Alexis from his truck. Ale yelling back from the front lawn:
11) 3) dialog: 
11) 5) dialog: I’M NOT GOING ANYWHERE WITH YOU! INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Now, Alexis is in Tyler’s truck and they are still fighti driving:
11) 6) dialog: Just admit you fuckin lied! I didn’t lie about anything you selfish asshole! He liked a picture and I followed him Bullshit- Bullshit- back! You freak out in like two seconds and you don’t listen to me- I’m done!
13) 0) text: ‘Mitsubishi Sony’ by Frank Ocean starts up. Alexis and Ty dancing, having a blast together... A random girl tries t bottle of champagne and she spits it up... Different kids flow to music, talk, laugh, drink, play flip cup, beer po INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER Now, Alexis and Tyler are inside a mini van with Tyler’s Tyler's friends are a bit of a mixed bag; ranging in ethn interests, while all sharing the same common denominator fuck around and have fun... DEREK is driving and RYAN is shotgun while STAN and CHANG are in the back with Alexis
23) 0) text: We make our way into the gym to find a large wrestling ma the floor and the bleachers filled with a cheering crowd. The team jogs in a big circle to warm up. The CAMERA spin from inside the circle, following Tyler... Soon, the team into partners to warm up. The CAMERA switches to spin aro a 360. Tyler gets his teammate down with a fireman’s take Now, Tyler is sitting on the bench as lighter weight clas Tyler looks into the bleachers... Ronald is standing at t the bleachers, closer to the mat, talking and laughing wi parents. Tyler sees Alexis sitting at the top of the blea cheering. He doesn’t acknowledge her because he’s in his Tyler warms up on a smaller mat, behind his teammates. Ty opposing team, trying to look for his opponent. 15. A BUZZER rings.
28) 1) dialog: Awwwwwwww Alexis and Tyler are watching the video from Alexis’s cel
28) 2) dialog: Oh my god. Adorable. I’ve Still- Isn’t he the cutest??? seen that one, though- I love elephants...
28) 4) dialog: I love goats, too- Well, which do you like more?
28) 5) dialog: Hmmm... I can’t pick. I love them both.
28) 6) dialog: Different- Shut up. Tyler watches another video of an elephant dancing while to the kitchen where her parents are bickering while cook Alexis’s parent’s restaurant is a modest Italian spot.
28) 9) dialog: I think it’s delicious. Who makes it better? Me or your mother?
28) 10) dialog: No comment.
28) 11) dialog: No comment? That’s a trap.
28) 16) dialog: We call mom the iguana killer.
28) 20) dialog: Shut up, dad- It was beautiful! I'm telling you! Most beautiful thing I ever seen!
30) 8) dialog: I’m getting worried... Why? Wh > y? at up? I’m late..... For what?? My period What? Idk it’s like a week late I’m sure it’s fine Idk sometimes it’s off but never a week Babe | think your just freaking out. I’m sure it’s all good All of a sudden, we can hear the sound of a door creaking turns around to see his bedroom door slowly opening, but there... Tyler stands and looks over his bed. Emily’s cat open the door and is just standing there, staring at Tyle
33) 2) dialog: Where are you? Helloo00????? Tyler drives through the parking lot of a fast food chain a black man in hand cuffs talking to a bunch of police... doesn’t look that much older than Tyler... * NOTE * now using anamorphic lenses in 1.85:1 INT. TYLER’S ROOM - LATER We are focused on Tyler’s back as we hear him beginning t to the porn on his computer... The CAMERA pans away...
40) 0) text: ‘Rushes’ by Frank Ocean hits in. Tyler and Alexis sit on an empty beach. Tyler’s phone pla as they both share a water bottle and seem buzzed:
40) 1) dialog: I just wish you would’ve told I know... I’m sorry... me-
40) 2) dialog: Why didn’t you? 30.
40) 4) dialog: I understand... I still wish you would've told me.
40) 6) dialog: .-. I feel like we haven’t been together for so long.
40) 8) dialog: I missed you, too. Alexis runs her fingers through Tyler’s hand...
40) 9) dialog: Your callouses are getting better, at least...
40) 10) dialog: That’s cause I haven’t been Oh... I’m sorry... liftin-
40) 12) dialog: «+. I’m not really in the mood right now.
40) 14) dialog: ... I know you’re under a lot What? About what? What’s of pressure right now, but going on?? Are you okay? I’m really getting scared-
40) 15) dialog: .--I still haven’t gotten my period.
40) 17) dialog: I don’t know. It’s never been this late before.
40) 19) dialog: Like... two weeks or a little Shit... more. I’m not sure-
40) 20) dialog: I’m just- I’ve had no one to talk to and I’m getting really, really scared... Alexis hangs her head down... Tyler thinks for a moment a puts his working arm around Alexis.
40) 24) dialog: I love you too... The CAMERA goes underwater and into darkness...
40) 26) dialog: Those assholes- It’s okay- Just don’t look at em. Tyler pulls into the small parking lot and past a securit
41) 0) text: Alexis and Tyler make their way to the front door as the heckle them:
42) 0) text: Tyler and Alexis walk into a full waiting room.
42) 1) dialog: (under her breath) Get us seats. Alexis heads to the front desk, and Tyler finds two seats incredibly nervous, and he’s tapping his leg up and down. Alexis comes over with a bunch of paper work:
42) 2) dialog: What’d they say? I gotta fill all this out...
42) 4) dialog: I don’t know... Alexis fills out the paper work... Tyler looks around the people around him totally vary in race and economic class a young woman alone and nervous... There is a girl, who’s middle school, sitting with her mom... There is an older look a bit more at ease... All of a sudden, there is scre outside. Tyler and Alexis turn around to see a family ent 33.
42) 9) dialog: Are you- Can we please go??
42) 11) dialog: Can we please leave?! Okay... Okay...
43) 0) text: Alexis and Tyler walk outside and head to their car as th protestors return to heckling...
43) 4) dialog: I couldn’t do it- What?! I couldn't do it... Fuckin hell... Babe, I don’t wanna go back there! Why didn’t you just do it and get it over with?!
43) 5) dialog: I don’t know... I thought I could, but I don’t know- I don’t know- I’m just confused- We need to talk about it again-
43) 7) dialog: Why are you yelling at me?!
43) 9) dialog: You're yelling-
43) 11) dialog: Yes, you are!
43) 13) dialog: YES, I got your money! That’s all you care about-— You don't know how hard this is... It’s my body- -. Did you get the
43) 15) dialog: You don’t... I don’t know if I can do an abortion.
43) 17) dialog: 
43) 19) dialog: This isn’t your body! It’s mine!
43) 21) dialog: Yes- I can’t believe I’m having this conversation- My mom had an abortion and she said she regretted it the I don’t give a shit! This rest of her life- isn’t about your fuckin mom! We are seniors in highschool! We're going to college next year! This would ruin all of that.
43) 22) dialog: Okay- That’s your point of view! Thank you for not caring about mine!
43) 24) dialog: Stop the car- No!
43) 25) dialog: I'll fucking Uber home or something- You know, you can be so sweet sometimes, and other times you can be the biggest asshole.
43) 27) dialog: Stop the car! No- STOP THE FUCKING CAR!! FINE. 36. Tyler pulls over, and Alexis gets out and begins walking. sits and watches Alexis wipe away tears as she walks away he went too far... Tyler pulls up and rolls down the wind
44) 2) text: Boys tackle each other on the beach as kids party around We see CLOSE UPS of Tyler doing shots, drinking beer, etc * NOTE * Anytime substances are involved, we are back to lenses On the second verse, ‘Backseat Freestyle’ starts slowing ... EXTREME SLOW MOTION as we follow a smoke trail... .+.. The smoke trail leads to a joint.... wees The joint is passed to Tyler..... eee eee Tyler takes a big hit....... eee ee eeee Tyler takes a long sip of beer and looks arou continues to slow and the EXTREME SLOW MOTION is giving e it’s own kind of haunting beauty. Kids are laughing, drin smoking around the fire....... cece eee eee eee eens eee ee eens SLOW ZOOM into Tyler’s face as ‘Backseat Free fading out and a drone is taking over... Tyler closes his looks like he’s about to fall asleep............ eee eeee Tyler slowly opens his eyes to see Alexis sittin from him on the other side of the fire..............- .-+. Alexis and Tyler just stare at each other, and then begins to let big pain come to the surface. She looks hea This hits Tyler right in his gut...... What the fuck?! ‘America’ by The Shoes slams on and Tyler opens his eyes, REAL TIME. Tyler looks up to see Ryan and Derek:
45) 9) dialog: I’m sorry too Tyler smiles.
46) 0) text: We fade up on kids, in nice dresses and fancy suits, posi photos. Alexis is in a beautiful red dress posing with a not Tyler. Tyler’s friends and sister are there as well.. INT. TYLER’S ROOM —- CONTINUOUS We see the actual photos and videos that everyone has bee Snapchat, as we pull back from a cracked phone screen... scrolling through everything. Tyler is drinking Vodka fro bottle... 42. He takes another pull of Vodka and we PUSH INTO the back to enter an extended MONTAGE that will build, with the mu intercut between everyone attending the dance and Tyler i 1) Suburb streets - The CAMERA flies through the air and the back of the party bus... We push through the party bu everyone laughing and dancing while passing around bottle The CAMERA pans from Emily to Alexis drinking with her da the party bus is arriving at the dance... 2) Tyler's Room - The CAMERA pans through Tyler’s room un Tyler pacing and drinking Vodka. Tyler takes his sling of his shoulder around. Tyler takes an assortment of pills.. his bottle of Adderall, splits a capsule, and snorts it. 3) Dance - Alexis is having a blast as she dances with he all of her friends. The CAMERA flies around everyone... 4) Tyler's Room - Tyler is on the floor doing crunches... into Tyler’s face as he closes his eyes... Images flash t Tyler's head of the good and bad times with Alexis: Smili laughing, screaming, going to the beach, going to the abo etc... Tyler paces around his room in a 360... 5) Dance - The CAMERA pans in a 360 as we see everyone me and having a blast... We see Tyler’s friends... Emily and 6) Tyler’s Bathroom - The CAMERA pans from the bathroom m Tyler putting on his letter jacket and fixing his hair. H wearing his sling. He looks drunk and high... 7) Dance Bathroom - Alexis is fixing her makeup in the mi Soon, Emily comes out of a stall and goes to the mirror n Alexis. They both smile at each other.
46) 1) dialog: You look beautiful.
48) 0) text: Alexis, Emily, and Tyler’s friends are all leaving the da heading toward the party bus... EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald runs to his car... He gets in and slams the door s INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS The CAMERA spins around Catherine as she runs through the her cell phone... She dials a number and waits...
49) 7) text: * NOTE * This will _be one unbroken take from the time Ty of his truck, until now. As the CAMERA pushes down the ha black bars at the top and bottom of the screen begin to c ‘Be Above It (Erol Alkan Rework)’ by Tame Impala slams on Tyler is drinking even more in the kitchen. He does a sho a beer as a chaser. Now, there is a trippy strobe tight h dance floor. Tyler closes his eyes... Images flash throug mind of him and Alexis the last time they were in the oce ove...
50) 0) text: The CAMERA pans from the night and through Ronald’s car t still driving, on the phone with Catherine. The CAMERA co pan past Ronald and into the front windshield, so that we merging onto the same highway Tyler was on.. INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler shuts a bathroom door and heads to the toilet to pe «+. Soon, Tyler stumbles up to the sink and washes his ha stares down at his hands and sees his calluses are almost remembers how much Alexis hated them, because they made h rough... 48 FPS as Tyler slowly looks up into the mirror. ‘GHOST!’ by Kid Cudi comes on in the distance of the part as Tyler continues to stare at his own reflection. He loo A ghost of his former self... * NOTE * The black bars at the top and bottom of the scre finished closing in. We are now in 3.0:1 aspect ratio 48. INT. DOWNSTAIRS IN SANTIAGO’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS we eeee Tyler walks through the party with the strobe lig everything in SLOW MOTION. The CAMERA pans through the da with kids dancing and sweating in SLOW MOTION, to find Em on a couch at the back of the living room.......... eee e eee eeee Emily is sweating and trying to cool down. the trippy strobe light bounce off the tile to create hal patterns... She starts to feel nauseous... She looks up a
50) 1) text: standing in the corner of the living room.............. eee ec eee seeeee The CAMERA pushes into a CLOSE UP of Ty looks up_at the top of the stairs to see Alexis exiting t from earlier and heading to the StairsS...........000eeee The hook hits and everything goes back to REAL TIME as Al downstairs. qyler keeps his focus on Alexis as she makes her way into Alexis seems to be looking for drinks in the kitchen frid leaves and heads towards fhe back garage. Tyler follows a distance... Emily watches all of this unfold...
51) 1) text: Alexis gets several wine coolers and then closes the refr to see Tyler. She is shocked:
51) 2) dialog: What are you doing here- Should you be drinking?
51) 3) dialog: These aren't for- You need to leave.
51) 5) dialog: I- You block me? I try to talk Tyler- to you and you block me- Did you fuck him?
51) 6) dialog: What?!
51) 8) dialog: What are you talking about? You did. Didn’t you?!
51) 9) dialog: Who?!
51) 10) dialog: How was he? WHO? !
51) 13) dialog: With who- Franky? Franky has been one of my best friends since elementary school! He goes to Cypress! He’s gay, you idiot!
51) 15) dialog: You would know that if you would listen to anything I say! And these drinks aren’t for me. They’re for my friends upstairs- The friends you never took the time to hang out with, even though I would do whatever with your stupid friends! You don’t care about anyone but yourself! THAT’S WHY I CAN’T EVEN
51) 17) dialog: The fuck are you talking I’m done! I’m done with you! about?!! We are over!
51) 19) dialog: Fuck you! You think I wanna have my baby with you?! Look at you!
51) 21) dialog: Don’t fuckin call me a bit- Stop- Stop!
51) 22) dialog: I’m done with you!
51) 29) dialog: 
51) 32) text: head... It’s utterly devastating... Tyler walks over to Alexis and cries over her body. Tyler much he almost looks like a broken child... Tyler tries t up:
53) 0) text: Paramedics assist Alexis and get her in a stretcher... INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler’s mom turns around to headlights shining through th window. Catherine looks out to see Tyler’s truck shooting driveway, almost hitting her car. 52. EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald leaves his car and heads to the sirens... Kids are the front lawn and several recognize Ronald. Ronald is jo pigcing together the clues, yet praying that Tyler was ne ad nothing to do with this... EXT. OUTSIDE OF TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS qylex gets out of his truck and runs for his house. Cathe the front door and immediately sees the blood all over Ty
54) 0) text: Alexis is strapped down in a speeding ambulance. Oxygen i pumped to her as paramedics work... She’s grasping for li INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Tyler is in a terrified panic as he throws random stuff i wrestling duffle bag. Catherine is banging and yelling on side of the door...
56) 0) text: Now, Alexis is being rushed through a hospital on a stret
59) 0) text: Elena and Bobby are pacing around the hospital... A docto EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald is still holding his daughter and they are crying Friends of Tyler and Alexis are crying... EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Catherine is crying while talking to police... She watche car drive away...
69) 0) text: Emily walks past an empty school stadium. The same stadiu used to practice drills with Alexis and where Tyler would A few kids wearing graduation outfits walk past Emily... 58.
70) 0) text: Emily is sitting in a dentist chair, having her braces re Emily examines her brace-less teeth in the mirror... Mont would’ve been over the moon to have her braces gone. Curr can’t even muster up a genuine smile, while staring back reflection... INT. EMILY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Emily scans through comments on Alexis’s Instagram... The the screen:
107) 0) text: We see Tyler go through his daily routine in prison. He t to himself and keep his head down. Tyler walks with fello participates in a group class, reads, does sit ups, etc.. INT. TYLER’S PRISON ROOM - CONTINUOUS Tyler lays in his bed at night. He cries to himself, as h picture. We see that it’s a picture of Alexis. Alexis has across her face. She looks beautiful... 99.
109) 0) text: WIDE SHOT of a ton of graves in a cemetery... We see that Bobby are holding each other as they visit Alexis’s grave Alexis’s headstone...
110) 0) text: Bobby does work around his resturant, but the big energy Bobby in the beginning of the film is completely gone. He inside, just going through the motions... INT. BOBBY’S HOUSE - EVENING Bobby sits in his living room and watches the game. Still emotion... Suddenly, he breaks down and starts sobbing... INT. BOBBY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Bobby wakes up in bed, and it’s hard for him to breathe.. and gets a glass of water. We hold on Elena... INT. ELENA’S CAR - DAY Elena drives down a street and focuses on a girl walking. just like Alexis from behind... Elena keeps watching unti the girl’s face. For a split second, she is convinced it’ Then reality hits, and she remembers her daughter is gone INT. ELENA’S CAR - DAY Elena just sits in her car, eating lunch... She watches c in a park... A couple is there with a new born baby... INT. ALEXIS’S BEDROOM - EVENING Elena is sitting on the floor of her daughter’s room. She Alexis’s stuffed animals and old drawings from when she w girl.... Elena smells her daughter’s stuffed animal and c