9) 2) text: Alexis and Tyler are on a speed boat, with Alexis’s paren Alexis’s dad, BOBBY (40s), is drinking a beer while drivi boat. Alexis’s mom, ELENA (late 30s), is trying to hang o sun hat as the boat flies through wind and waves. INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - EVENING Alexis and Tyler are on their phones, sprawled out on the room couch, as Elena and Bobby head out for the night:
9) 3) dialog: You sure you kids don’t want Don't forget you got a shift a free dinner? You’re missin tomorrow- out—
9) 4) dialog: I know- Don’t do anything I wouldn't! Goodbye, dad! BYE. Elena and Bobby walk out the front door. Their house is s and more modest than Tyler’s parent’s place...
11) 0) text: WIDE SHOT as Tyler’s truck slams on the brakes and does a EXT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler is back and screaming at Alexis from his truck. Ale yelling back from the front lawn:
28) 0) text: Tyler is running down the beach, sweating his ass off... Soon, Tyler slows down... Tyler takes off all his clothes shorts. When he takes out his ear buds, the music cuts ou walks into the ocean and gets in... It iS peaceful out he looks up at the beautiful’ sunset and some seagulls fly b INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT CLOSE UP of video with a baby elephant chasing birds. The continues chasing the birds and having fun until he trips himself and falls to the ground, face first. The elephant scurries over to his mom, just jike a human child would..
28) 8) dialog: It’s too much salt. I told It’s not too much! you-
28) 9) dialog: I think it’s delicious. Who makes it better? Me or your mother?
28) 11) dialog: No comment? That’s a trap.
28) 12) dialog: It’s no trap. It’s an easy answer. Too bad T doesn’t eat real food or maybe we'd get an honest opinion around here.
28) 13) dialog: As soon as season’s over, Sir- How’s the shrimp and spina combo treatin ya there, T? Tyler is the only one without a heavier Italian dish. He grilled shrimp and spinach, without any kind of sauce. Si
28) 15) dialog: Yeah? Where do you think she Her mother. got it from- Lies! I taught you everything Oh please- We both know you you know- couldn’t cook anything before me. Baby- Just stick to your Oh, shut up! iguanas. Tyler laughs and looks confused. Tommy goes back to walki and cleaning up the restaurant.
28) 17) dialog: She sits out there with her They’re an invasive species! ellet gun- Just committin iguana genocide on a daily- No, no- You're blood thirsty! Shut up! They’re destroying the ecosystem- ; BOBBY (CONT'D) ; Forget it... T, you know spaghetti has always been Alexis’s favorite?
28) 19) dialog: You should've seen her the first time she had it. We got video of it somewhere. I gotta find it. She ate it with her hands and it was everywhere. Chunks of meat and red sauce all over her face, like an animal-
28) 20) dialog: Shut up, dad- It was beautiful! I'm telling you! Most beautiful thing I ever seen!
53) 2) dialog: Who the hell- Where’s Alexis?!
55) 0) text: More police cars are speeding through the night. The CAME behind them... EXT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Elena and Bobby now have some clothes on and they are hur their car... EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald finally finds his daughter. Emily is sobbing. Rona daughter in his arms and holds her tigh’ Emily is crying that she can’t even speak and tears stream down Ronald’s 53. INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler opens the bedroom door and pushes past his mom.
59) 0) text: Elena and Bobby are pacing around the hospital... A docto EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald is still holding his daughter and they are crying Friends of Tyler and Alexis are crying... EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Catherine is crying while talking to police... She watche car drive away...
62) 4) dialog: ... When I think about how Alexis died, the horror of it is overwhelming... It is an all- consuming horror which I constantly relive... I feel physically and emotionally exhausted. As a father, I wasn’t able to help my baby girl... My daughter's killer sits here before us today. You can see his face, but you can’t see Alexis’s. You can’t see the fear that she must’ve had. You cannot imagine the pain that she must've felt, and the pain that my family feels today... We hold on the back of Tyler’s head... He is silent, stil lifeless...
109) 0) text: WIDE SHOT of a ton of graves in a cemetery... We see that Bobby are holding each other as they visit Alexis’s grave Alexis’s headstone...
110) 0) text: Bobby does work around his resturant, but the big energy Bobby in the beginning of the film is completely gone. He inside, just going through the motions... INT. BOBBY’S HOUSE - EVENING Bobby sits in his living room and watches the game. Still emotion... Suddenly, he breaks down and starts sobbing... INT. BOBBY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Bobby wakes up in bed, and it’s hard for him to breathe.. and gets a glass of water. We hold on Elena... INT. ELENA’S CAR - DAY Elena drives down a street and focuses on a girl walking. just like Alexis from behind... Elena keeps watching unti the girl’s face. For a split second, she is convinced it’ Then reality hits, and she remembers her daughter is gone INT. ELENA’S CAR - DAY Elena just sits in her car, eating lunch... She watches c in a park... A couple is there with a new born baby... INT. ALEXIS’S BEDROOM - EVENING Elena is sitting on the floor of her daughter’s room. She Alexis’s stuffed animals and old drawings from when she w girl.... Elena smells her daughter’s stuffed animal and c