8) 2) dialog: Yeah... Today was a long one- Long, but good? Yeah... You? I know exactly how you feel, baby. Tyler gives his mom a good hug, and then he walks through living room, past his dad’s office and through the house. heads up the stairs and his dad, RONALD (40s), calls out:
16) 0) text: THE CAMERA pushes through a church service and zeros in o is just barely nodding off as the minister preaches... Tyler's mom, Catherine, sees Tyler nodding off so she giv nudge. Tyler looks up to see his mom with a tiny grin. Ty a smile and then looks over to see his dad shaking his he sister snickering. Tyler looks forward and listens to the
17) 9) dialog: How’s your shoulder doing, Ty? Still sore?
17) 11) dialog: I’m gonna call Steve. Just get an appointment to make sure. 12.
17) 13) dialog: You're one to talk. I got my eye on it.
17) 14) dialog: You had your eye on your knee, too. Look where that got you. Ronald just shakes his head again.
17) 15) dialog: I’m sure he’s fine, but we still have a whole season to go and we wanna make sure he stays in top shape... Am I right? Tyler nods.
17) 16) dialog: And I'm sorry again that I Ummm, I can’t go either. gotta miss this one, but dad and Em will be there and I’11 be-
17) 17) dialog: What?
17) 19) dialog: It’s your brother’s first-
17) 21) dialog: It does matter. Emily, your Yeah, but I need to study. practice never goes that late.
17) 22) dialog: You can study after you support your brother.
17) 23) dialog: That’s not- You know I have a Ah. That’s what this is study group. Everyone else really about. Friends at can’t meet that late. Bethany’s. Bethany ’s-
17) 25) dialog: That’s not the point... (To Emily) You should care. Emily throws a miserable look Catherine’s way. Ronald bre
17) 27) dialog: Yeah? And who’s that? If you see him, you can send him my way.
31) 0) text: The music cuts out as Tyler hugs his mom, and then he tak the kitchen counter. Catherine unpacks her bags from work
31) 1) dialog: How was your day? 21.
31) 3) dialog: Oh yeah? For the Bearcat Yeah. Ball?
31) 4) dialog: Fun... Do you know what group your sister is going with?
31) 5) dialog: No idea. Better not be with Oh, come on. It’s not like mine- it’s prom.
31) 7) dialog: Is Alexis excited?
31) 9) dialog: Good... Long... Exhausting. Also, I’m gonna have more notes for you to do. That divorce is happening. Tyler's dad finally walks into the kitchen.
31) 10) dialog: I keep telling her if she I don’t want to work Fridays. would spread her schedule out I need my weekends. and work Fridays, she wouldn't be so exhausted-
31) 13) dialog: «+. Good day? 22.
31) 19) dialog: How’s your knee?
31) 21) dialog: Can you start the bath?
31) 24) dialog: No... Why? It’s all good. Ronald leaves and Catherine goes back to unpacking her ba
37) 0) text: Catherine’s voice echoes through the house as it plays fr computer speakers:
37) 1) dialog: .-. He’s feeling- just so hurt and confused. He broke down in tears today and Linda continues to refuse any type of communication... Continue treatment as needed. Tyler is transcribing audio notes Catherine has made abou patients. From the notes, we can infer that Catherine is therapist... In the distance, Tyler can hear his dad fart himself. Tyler shakes his head and smiles... Ronald enter and hovers over Tyler, checking his work. 26.
39) 2) dialog: Steve said he didn’t call, He lied right to my face! because Tyler wanted to tell He’s been lying this whole us personally- time! It’s his attitude! I’m telling you- The boy doesn’t Watch your voice! listen- Frustration and isolation build in Tyler as he listens...
45) 21) dialog: What’s going on?! Tyler                         Are you o Tyler looks like he’s about to hyperventilate. He goes in bathroom and slams the door behind him. CUT TO BLACK. The music cuts out... +. ‘Surf Solar’ by Fuck Buttons seeps in...
47) 1) dialog: What are you doing? Tyler walks past her and heads to the front door.
47) 2) dialog: Stop! Tyler stops...
47) 3) dialog: What are you doing, Tyler?
47) 5) dialog: You're grounded. You’re not going anywhere... Why do you smell like alcohol?... Hey! Turn around and answer me. ... Tyler turns around.
47) 6) dialog: Have you been drinking?... Where’s your sling? Catherine sees the keys to Tyler’s truck in his hand.
47) 7) dialog: Did you take the keys out of your father’s office?!
47) 9) dialog: Give them to me. No. Tyler- I need to go.
47) 10) dialog: You're not going anywhere!
47) 11) dialog: Bullshit. Watch me- Watch your mouth! Ronald comes from around the corner, shirtless and withou knee brace. Tyler’s eyes well up...
47) 14) dialog: Well... Tyler took the keys What?! out of your office and he’s-
47) 26) dialog: Are you okay?! What are we No, no, no- We can’t. I’m doing?! We have to call the going after him- police- Ronald limps through the house to find clothes to put on.
47) 27) dialog: Your knee- I’1l go- Someone I'm fine- I’m fine- Where is needs to stay incase he comes that dance?? back-
48) 0) text: Alexis, Emily, and Tyler’s friends are all leaving the da heading toward the party bus... EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald runs to his car... He gets in and slams the door s INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS The CAMERA spins around Catherine as she runs through the her cell phone... She dials a number and waits...
48) 1) dialog: Emily- Please call me back. It’s an emergency...
49) 4) dialog: Hello?! Hi, this is Tyler’s mom... Yeah- Yeah... Listen... EXT. OUTSIDE OF CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler slams his truck door shut. We follow in front of Ty walks past a bunch of parked cars... Tyler makes his way towards Chang’s house, but instead of front door, he goes around to the side fence... Tyler hops a fence to land in the back yard. Tyler tries side door to the garage, but it’s locked. Tyler continues backyard and we follow behind... Tyler looks through windows of the house as kids are in t swimming, smoking, flowing to music, etc... Soon, Tyler c the kitchen and he sees Alexis with her date. INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler makes his way inside the house... He watches Alexis distance as she heads upstairs with her date...
49) 9) dialog: No- The dance is over! The house is further north. The CAMERA continues to push past Catherine and toward a leading to the night...
50) 0) text: The CAMERA pans from the night and through Ronald’s car t still driving, on the phone with Catherine. The CAMERA co pan past Ronald and into the front windshield, so that we merging onto the same highway Tyler was on.. INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler shuts a bathroom door and heads to the toilet to pe «+. Soon, Tyler stumbles up to the sink and washes his ha stares down at his hands and sees his calluses are almost remembers how much Alexis hated them, because they made h rough... 48 FPS as Tyler slowly looks up into the mirror. ‘GHOST!’ by Kid Cudi comes on in the distance of the part as Tyler continues to stare at his own reflection. He loo A ghost of his former self... * NOTE * The black bars at the top and bottom of the scre finished closing in. We are now in 3.0:1 aspect ratio 48. INT. DOWNSTAIRS IN SANTIAGO’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS we eeee Tyler walks through the party with the strobe lig everything in SLOW MOTION. The CAMERA pans through the da with kids dancing and sweating in SLOW MOTION, to find Em on a couch at the back of the living room.......... eee e eee eeee Emily is sweating and trying to cool down. the trippy strobe light bounce off the tile to create hal patterns... She starts to feel nauseous... She looks up a
53) 0) text: Paramedics assist Alexis and get her in a stretcher... INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler’s mom turns around to headlights shining through th window. Catherine looks out to see Tyler’s truck shooting driveway, almost hitting her car. 52. EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald leaves his car and heads to the sirens... Kids are the front lawn and several recognize Ronald. Ronald is jo pigcing together the clues, yet praying that Tyler was ne ad nothing to do with this... EXT. OUTSIDE OF TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS qylex gets out of his truck and runs for his house. Cathe the front door and immediately sees the blood all over Ty
53) 1) dialog: Tyler.... What happened?! Tyler pushes past his mom and runs up the stairs. EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald watches from a distance as a stretcher is moved ou garage and towards an ambulance... Ronald get’s closer an see it’s Alexis, bloody and beaten, on the stretcher. Utt devastation fills Ronald’s face... His worst nightmare is INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS The phone rings and Elena jolts awake. Bobby is passed ou cooking show is on the television... The phone rings agai wakes up:
54) 0) text: Alexis is strapped down in a speeding ambulance. Oxygen i pumped to her as paramedics work... She’s grasping for li INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Tyler is in a terrified panic as he throws random stuff i wrestling duffle bag. Catherine is banging and yelling on side of the door...
55) 1) dialog: 
59) 0) text: Elena and Bobby are pacing around the hospital... A docto EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald is still holding his daughter and they are crying Friends of Tyler and Alexis are crying... EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Catherine is crying while talking to police... She watche car drive away...
61) 0) text: CLOSE UP on, Emily's face, staring directly into the lens in the back seat of a car, deep in thought and an intense lives in her eyes... We see Emily’s point of view and she is watching Ronald a Ronald looks very different now. His strong confidence ha replaced with something softer and vulnerable... He seems holding onto big pain, but keeping it at bay. Emily looks over at Catherine in the passenger seat, but see her mother’s face. There is total silence in the car, with an awful energy. in nice clothes, like they are going to an event that req wear, but they look exhausted and beaten down. It feels l chunk of time has passed since we last saw everyone... Emily watches as Ronald takes his hand and puts it on top Catherine’s for support. He holds her hand for only a mom before she pulls away... Emily studies Ronald’s profile. hurt, but has clearly accepted this distance.... Emily looks through the window and into the side mirror, she can see Catherine’s reflection. Catherine is numb, co dread.
63) 0) text: Emily steps into the hallway to see B.K. shaking towards Tyler's bedroom. Emily walks down the hallway and picks u listens... There is crying coming from the other side of it sounds like Catherine.
84) 11) dialog: You were beautiful at her age. Don’t you remember?
84) 13) dialog: Yeah. That’s when you met dad. Remember?.. Remember meeting dad and falling in love before the war?
84) 15) dialog: Yeah... It doesn’t click for Grandma. Catherine just stares at he
84) 18) dialog: ..-. He can’t come anymore, mama...
84) 20) dialog: Just... He just can’t... And I’m sorry we haven't been back in so long... It’s been really hard lately... Grandma stares and smiles. Catherine just studies her mot beat. She looks at her old skin and hands... Emily studies Catherine... Catherine’s eyes begin to well grandma notices:
84) 22) dialog: I just... I love you, mamma.
84) 26) dialog: Oh- Mom! That’s your son-in-law.
84) 27) dialog: What? He’s your son-in-law! Grandma just laughs. Memory totally gone again...
90) 3) dialog: 
90) 5) dialog: I just want sleep.
90) 7) dialog: ” RONALD CATHERINE (CONT'D) .-+.- A husband should be I can’t do this right now. allowed to touch his wife-
90) 9) dialog: .»+. You bring this up now? With every thing else.
90) 11) dialog: Unbelievable.
90) 13) dialog: 
90) 15) dialog: 
90) 17) dialog: Sorry if I don’t wanna fuck you right now! In case you haven't noticed, there are more important things going on! That's the last thing either one of us should be thinking about- It’s insulting.
90) 19) dialog: Still have a daughter?! Where What’s that supposed to are you?! What are you doing mean?! for her?!
90) 20) dialog: It was the same then- You were never there- Not really... Pop in to be the good guy- Left me with everything else.
90) 21) dialog: That’s not true- No? It’s not? You pushed him too far and never did enough It was different with Tyler- for her- You know that! I raised them the best I know how- And you never listened! Never listen to anyone!
90) 23) dialog: Everyone grieves in their own way... Once again, you only see yours.
90) 25) dialog: ... I can’t be around you... Makes me sick...
90) 27) dialog: wees I can’t look at you and not think of him... This hits Ronald deep. He’s speechless... Catherine wipes away tears and heads to the bathroom. She the door behind her. Ronald sits down on the bed, alone, everything in...
106) 0) text: CLOSE UP of Emily’s face as tears continue to fall... Emi down and we see a close up of her text to Catherine:
111) 0) text: We pan away from a little girl holding a stuffed animal, Emily and Luke checking into a hotel with Luke’s fake ID. Emily and Luke take a shower together... They dry off and brush their teeth in the mirror... INT. CATHERINE’S BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS Catherine stares at her exhausted reflection in the mirro phone vibrates. She looks down to see a text from Emily: 100.
112) 0) text: Catherine walks through the visiting quarters of the pris sits and waits for Tyler... Catherine watches all the dif visitors around her, waiting to see their loved ones...
116) 0) text: Ronald sits in his home office, staring at construction p computer and drinking a protein shake... One of the dogs at the office door to get out. Ronald opens his office do dog goes to the dog gate at the bottom of the stairs and Ronald looks up to see B.K. crying at the top of the stai Ronald heads up the stairs and picks up the cat to comfor turns and looks down the hallway... 101. INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Ronald enters Tyler’s room to see Catherine crying on Tyl Catherine looks up and makes real eye contact with Ronald first time in a long time... Tears begin to well up in Ro looks back at his wife... Ronald puts B.K. down, and he sits on the bed with Cather reaches out and runs his hand through Catherine’s hair. S resist... Ronald lays down in the bed with her... There’s so much they want to say to each other, but inste look into each other’s eyes and cry... In this moment, th words and that's okay...