8) 1) dialog: I beat you home? That’s a first- The CAMERA pans over to find Tyler’s mom, CATHERINE (40s) her bags from work. Catherine looks very put together, dr professional, yet exhausted.
9) 2) text: Alexis and Tyler are on a speed boat, with Alexis’s paren Alexis’s dad, BOBBY (40s), is drinking a beer while drivi boat. Alexis’s mom, ELENA (late 30s), is trying to hang o sun hat as the boat flies through wind and waves. INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - EVENING Alexis and Tyler are on their phones, sprawled out on the room couch, as Elena and Bobby head out for the night:
13) 0) text: ‘Mitsubishi Sony’ by Frank Ocean starts up. Alexis and Ty dancing, having a blast together... A random girl tries t bottle of champagne and she spits it up... Different kids flow to music, talk, laugh, drink, play flip cup, beer po INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER Now, Alexis and Tyler are inside a mini van with Tyler’s Tyler's friends are a bit of a mixed bag; ranging in ethn interests, while all sharing the same common denominator fuck around and have fun... DEREK is driving and RYAN is shotgun while STAN and CHANG are in the back with Alexis
13) 3) text: «+. Sir? Listen here, lady. I’m gonna say this one time and one time only... I want 27 breakfest burritos and I want 4 pankcakes, 7 fries, and 10 slices of cheese. Got it? «+. We don’t sell slices of What kind of operation are cheese. you running here, lady?!! INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER The mini van is stopped as Tyler steals signs from a fron and throws them in the back of the van... Soon, Stan is t take a big sign out of someone else’s yard... Suddenly, S the sign and comes running back to the mini van:
16) 0) text: THE CAMERA pushes through a church service and zeros in o is just barely nodding off as the minister preaches... Tyler's mom, Catherine, sees Tyler nodding off so she giv nudge. Tyler looks up to see his mom with a tiny grin. Ty a smile and then looks over to see his dad shaking his he sister snickering. Tyler looks forward and listens to the
28) 0) text: Tyler is running down the beach, sweating his ass off... Soon, Tyler slows down... Tyler takes off all his clothes shorts. When he takes out his ear buds, the music cuts ou walks into the ocean and gets in... It iS peaceful out he looks up at the beautiful’ sunset and some seagulls fly b INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT CLOSE UP of video with a baby elephant chasing birds. The continues chasing the birds and having fun until he trips himself and falls to the ground, face first. The elephant scurries over to his mom, just jike a human child would..
31) 0) text: The music cuts out as Tyler hugs his mom, and then he tak the kitchen counter. Catherine unpacks her bags from work
39) 0) text: SLOW MOTION as the medic is finishing wrapping up Tyler’s Tyler's face is still red and puffy from crying. Tyler is with his mom. She has her arm around him, and she’s rubbi hands through his hair, like she did when Tyler was a chi Ronald is just walking around, looking incredibly frustra INT. TYLER’S BATHROOM - LATER Tyler takes pain killers and looks at his reflection in t There is a big ice pack wrapped around his shoulder and h sling... Finally, sound is coming back and the music is fading out listens and he can hear arguing in the distance... Tyler room and walks to the top of the stairs to listen:
42) 5) dialog: I‘1l fuckin kill em! I‘11 Stop it! Settle down and shut kill em- up! The girl starts sobbing and her dad holds her.... Alexis turn to look at each other.
49) 0) text: CLOSE UP on Emily’s phone, tucked away in her hand bag, w calls and texts from mom. Emily is dancing and messing ar other kids as the bus drives down a highway...
53) 0) text: Paramedics assist Alexis and get her in a stretcher... INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler’s mom turns around to headlights shining through th window. Catherine looks out to see Tyler’s truck shooting driveway, almost hitting her car. 52. EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald leaves his car and heads to the sirens... Kids are the front lawn and several recognize Ronald. Ronald is jo pigcing together the clues, yet praying that Tyler was ne ad nothing to do with this... EXT. OUTSIDE OF TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS qylex gets out of his truck and runs for his house. Cathe the front door and immediately sees the blood all over Ty
55) 0) text: More police cars are speeding through the night. The CAME behind them... EXT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Elena and Bobby now have some clothes on and they are hur their car... EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald finally finds his daughter. Emily is sobbing. Rona daughter in his arms and holds her tigh’ Emily is crying that she can’t even speak and tears stream down Ronald’s 53. INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler opens the bedroom door and pushes past his mom.
61) 0) text: CLOSE UP on, Emily's face, staring directly into the lens in the back seat of a car, deep in thought and an intense lives in her eyes... We see Emily’s point of view and she is watching Ronald a Ronald looks very different now. His strong confidence ha replaced with something softer and vulnerable... He seems holding onto big pain, but keeping it at bay. Emily looks over at Catherine in the passenger seat, but see her mother’s face. There is total silence in the car, with an awful energy. in nice clothes, like they are going to an event that req wear, but they look exhausted and beaten down. It feels l chunk of time has passed since we last saw everyone... Emily watches as Ronald takes his hand and puts it on top Catherine’s for support. He holds her hand for only a mom before she pulls away... Emily studies Ronald’s profile. hurt, but has clearly accepted this distance.... Emily looks through the window and into the side mirror, she can see Catherine’s reflection. Catherine is numb, co dread.
99) 0) text: The music cuts out and we hear the sound of waves as we a ocean, underwater. Emily is just floating through the wat eyes closed. She is totally still and looks lifeless... All of a sudden, Emily screams into the CAMERA, and we ri water with her. Emily and Luke laugh as they play through the beach... Emily and Luke walk along the beach and look different shells... Emily watches a little girl play in t her mom... Luke turns to see a small wedding being set up posts with a veil, no more than six chairs, and a steel d It’s an extremely tiny venue, but cute... Soon, the bride walk the sand aisle and the wedding begins. Luke and Emil their beach towels. Score beings to build and take over..
116) 0) text: Ronald sits in his home office, staring at construction p computer and drinking a protein shake... One of the dogs at the office door to get out. Ronald opens his office do dog goes to the dog gate at the bottom of the stairs and Ronald looks up to see B.K. crying at the top of the stai Ronald heads up the stairs and picks up the cat to comfor turns and looks down the hallway... 101. INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Ronald enters Tyler’s room to see Catherine crying on Tyl Catherine looks up and makes real eye contact with Ronald first time in a long time... Tears begin to well up in Ro looks back at his wife... Ronald puts B.K. down, and he sits on the bed with Cather reaches out and runs his hand through Catherine’s hair. S resist... Ronald lays down in the bed with her... There’s so much they want to say to each other, but inste look into each other’s eyes and cry... In this moment, th words and that's okay...