8) 3) dialog: How was school? Good. Tyler keeps walking upstairs and his dad comes out of his Ronald appears to be in incredible physical condition, ye wearing a large knee brace around his right knee. He’s al button down with slacks.
8) 4) dialog: Stop. Tyler stops at the top of the stairs and turns around.
8) 5) dialog: You do realize there are more words in the english language that you can use to speak to your father, yes?
13) 7) dialog: Let’s go. Let’s go. Let’s-— Yeah- I’m up. Tyler lays back down. Not ready for the morning...
13) 8) dialog: Downstairs in 5. 10. EXT. OUTSIDE OF TYLER'S PARENT’S HOUSE - DAWN Tyler bounces around and warms up as Ronald drinks a cup Soon, Tyler takes off jogging through the neighborhood.
14) 0) text: Now, Ronald and Tyler lift weights, with their shirts off garage. The garage has been converted into a training roo assortment of weights and a miniature wrestling mat. Soon Ronald check Tyler's weight on a scale... Later, Tyler and Ronald flex in the mirror. There seems t subtle competition between them as they each hold their b pronounce the veins in their arms, neck, and chest... Sud Ronald nearly faints and falls over from holding his brea long... Tyler helps Ronald back up and they share a laugh
15) 0) text: Now, Tyler and his family are dressed in formal wear for that Ronald volunteers as a door greeter for the church, out pamphlets and makes small talk with everyone that ent seems to genuinely enjoy this and he appears to be incred charming...
17) 0) text: Now, Tyler’s family is having post-church breakfast. Tyle lean. Egg whites and spinach. Ronald studies Tyler for a
17) 1) dialog: «+. Get in late last night?
17) 3) dialog: Not really?... Huh... So you’re falling asleep in church for no reason?
17) 4) dialog: No- I mean- Did that service bore you today?
17) 6) dialog: Remember what we talked about? Tyler nods.
17) 7) dialog: What's that?
17) 12) dialog: Mom- He’s fine.
17) 26) dialog: Okay, alright... There’s nothing to worry about right here. You know why?... Because the wise and noble father will be there to hold it down. Catherine smiles from Ronald’s charm and Tyler just shake
20) 1) dialog: Ty? You take out the trash?!
23) 0) text: We make our way into the gym to find a large wrestling ma the floor and the bleachers filled with a cheering crowd. The team jogs in a big circle to warm up. The CAMERA spin from inside the circle, following Tyler... Soon, the team into partners to warm up. The CAMERA switches to spin aro a 360. Tyler gets his teammate down with a fireman’s take Now, Tyler is sitting on the bench as lighter weight clas Tyler looks into the bleachers... Ronald is standing at t the bleachers, closer to the mat, talking and laughing wi parents. Tyler sees Alexis sitting at the top of the blea cheering. He doesn’t acknowledge her because he’s in his Tyler warms up on a smaller mat, behind his teammates. Ty opposing team, trying to look for his opponent. 15. A BUZZER rings.
24) 0) text: Tyler and Ronald are back in the garage, this time on the wrestling mat. Ronald has Tyler on the ground, wrapped up grip that Tyler had his opponent in, except Ronald is sho better grip. By the look on Tyler’s face, it seems painfu
24) 1) dialog: See? See? You feel the Yes... difference?
24) 2) dialog: I’m telling you- You'd a had him 20 seconds earlier if you did it like I taught you. Soon, Ronald is stretching and rolling Tyler’s shoulder t loosen it up...
24) 3) dialog: Okay... That’s what I’m talkin bout. Let me get a good look at you... Feel good? Tyler nods. ‘Lvl’ by A$AP Rocky hits on. 16.
27) 0) text: Tyler watches as Ronald manages employees on the construc Ronald seems valued and respected... Soon, Tyler and Rona together, alone, along the site.
27) 1) dialog: --. You gotta keep your eye on everything and everyone. It’s not just the site- Design team, architect, subcontractors, you name it. Gotta be the problem solver and you gotta do it yoursel Ain’t no one else gonna be there to Save you... But it all starts with that piece of dirt and then it turns into something magnificent. Something that’s gonna contribute to this community. It’s a beautiful thing... You need to take pride in what you do, son. Don’t ever forget that... Tyler and Ronald continue walking through the site...
30) 0) text: Tyler and Ronald are lifting weights again. They are doin supersets and Tyler is on his second set of barbell curls is spotting and Tyler is struggling with the weight... Ty up and drops the barbell at 7 reps. Not giving it 100%. 19.
30) 1) dialog: No. Pick it back up and get ten. Tyler just breathes heavy and looks back at his father.
30) 2) dialog: Come on- Let’s go! Tyler picks the weight back up and does three more reps t the barbell. Again, not giving it 100%.
30) 3) dialog: No. From the top. Ten reps.
30) 4) dialog: I did ten- No. You did seven and gave up. I want a full set of ten. Tyler just shakes his head and walks around. He’s in a fu Ronald is not connecting it to Tyler’s shoulder, because doing bicep curls.
30) 5) dialog: What’s the deal, Ty? What’s going on?
30) 7) dialog: That’s what I’m talkin bout. Good set, son... Aite. Finish strong. Plates. Tyler and Ronald pick up 45 pound plates and begin doing plate work out... It looks exhausting... INT. TYLER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Tyler sits at his desk and tries to do homework. He has a his shoulder and it’s hard for him to focus with the pain up his desk drawer and pulls out an Altoids can. Inside i of the painkillers he found in his parent’s bathroom. He Tyler's phone vibrates: 20.
31) 10) dialog: I keep telling her if she I don’t want to work Fridays. would spread her schedule out I need my weekends. and work Fridays, she wouldn't be so exhausted-
31) 11) dialog: Kiss? Catherine stops unpacking her bags for a second and kisse
31) 12) dialog: There’s my girl. Ronald gives Catherine a hug and Tyler watches... There i in Tyler's parent’s relationship, but the chemistry is a It’s clear that Catherine isn’t as into showing affection Ronald, as he is with her. We can feel more going on with marriage, below the surface...
31) 14) dialog: Yeah... Not bad. Ronald looks over at Tyler.
31) 15) dialog: You get all your homework done?
31) 16) dialog: Not yet- Well, what are you waiting for?
31) 18) dialog: Uh huh. Catherine seems slightly annoyed by Ronald’s persistence.
31) 20) dialog: You know... The usual.
31) 22) dialog: You got it. Ronald heads for their bathroom, then calls out:
31) 23) dialog: Hey. Did you take some of my pain pills?
31) 24) dialog: No... Why? It’s all good. Ronald leaves and Catherine goes back to unpacking her ba
37) 2) dialog: How’s it coming?
37) 4) dialog: How many more you got?
37) 5) dialog: Half way there- What’s this format? Why’s the date over there? That’s how mom wants it- Can I don’t pay you to do your you just let me do my thing- thing. I pay you to do my thing. Technically mom is paying- There you go again. Ronald sits down, across from Tyler. Catherine’s voice is playing through the speakers.
37) 6) dialog: What's this attitude about?
37) 7) dialog: What do you mean- You know exactly what I mean. Tyler shrugs.
37) 8) dialog: Stop. Turn it off and look at me. Tyler stops transcribing and turns to face his father.
37) 9) dialog: Look around you for a second. Who do you think keeps all this running? Your mother might be great with the patients, but she knows nothing about the business. If I quit my job and stopped running your mother’s business, you think you’d even have a place to lay that big head?
37) 11) dialog: So... What's up?
37) 13) dialog: Boy- You don’t think me and your mom don’t have a lot going on? (MORE )
37) 15) dialog: Wait until you’re on your own in the world, with real responsibilities. You have to be able to balance it. We talked about this- If it’s too much, then you can forget about seeing friends anymore or that little girl you run around with- Tyler shakes his head.
37) 16) dialog: Don’t shake your head at me- chump. This is my house. You don’t like how I run things, you can get out... I told you that you didn’t have to work for me or train with me. You asked for that. That was your choice. I didn’t make you choose wrestling- But if you’re gonna do something, you’re gonna do it right. And I'll ride your ass everyday till you are delivered into your excellence- if that’s what it takes. You don’t like it- quit. Find a job like everyone else or train on your own, but you’re not gonna sit around here and do mediocre work because you cannot afford to... Ronald reads Tyler for a beat and decides to change his t
37) 17) dialog: .-. Look... Everything I do is for y’all... Everything... I only want the best for you, son... I’m trying to give you the tools to succeed in this world. It’s not easy out there. Trust me. I've said it before and I'll say it again- the world does not give a shit about you and me. We’re not afforded the luxury of being average. Gotta be 10 times better just to get anywhere... I don’t push you because I want to. I push you because I have to. You hear what I’m saying? Tyler nods and seems to genuinely take in his father’s wo if he’s heard them a million times before.
37) 18) dialog: -.. Yeah?
37) 20) dialog: Good... Good... Man, I look at y’all and all the opportunities you have that I didn’t, wishing Nana and Three Papa did for us. Don’t even know how good you have it... Ronald stands and leaves... Tyler just sits and thinks ab father’s words... 28.
39) 0) text: SLOW MOTION as the medic is finishing wrapping up Tyler’s Tyler's face is still red and puffy from crying. Tyler is with his mom. She has her arm around him, and she’s rubbi hands through his hair, like she did when Tyler was a chi Ronald is just walking around, looking incredibly frustra INT. TYLER’S BATHROOM - LATER Tyler takes pain killers and looks at his reflection in t There is a big ice pack wrapped around his shoulder and h sling... Finally, sound is coming back and the music is fading out listens and he can hear arguing in the distance... Tyler room and walks to the top of the stairs to listen:
39) 1) dialog: I can’t believe he didn’t tell us! I don’t know what the hell he was thinking.
39) 3) dialog: So much for a scholarship- He’s done- Destroyed his shoulder and he did it to himself through sheer stupidity! Tyler's phone vibrates and he picks it up... Alexis is ca
45) 21) dialog: What’s going on?! Tyler                         Are you o Tyler looks like he’s about to hyperventilate. He goes in bathroom and slams the door behind him. CUT TO BLACK. The music cuts out... +. ‘Surf Solar’ by Fuck Buttons seeps in...
47) 12) dialog: What’s going on?
47) 14) dialog: Well... Tyler took the keys What?! out of your office and he’s-
47) 15) dialog: This is bullshit. Don’t talk to your mother that way!
47) 18) dialog: SAY ONE MORE THING TO HER AND I’LL LAY
47) 24) dialog: ARE YOU DRUNK?! Yeah, I’m fuckin drunk! FUCK
47) 26) dialog: Are you okay?! What are we No, no, no- We can’t. I’m doing?! We have to call the going after him- police- Ronald limps through the house to find clothes to put on.
48) 0) text: Alexis, Emily, and Tyler’s friends are all leaving the da heading toward the party bus... EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald runs to his car... He gets in and slams the door s INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS The CAMERA spins around Catherine as she runs through the her cell phone... She dials a number and waits...
50) 0) text: The CAMERA pans from the night and through Ronald’s car t still driving, on the phone with Catherine. The CAMERA co pan past Ronald and into the front windshield, so that we merging onto the same highway Tyler was on.. INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler shuts a bathroom door and heads to the toilet to pe «+. Soon, Tyler stumbles up to the sink and washes his ha stares down at his hands and sees his calluses are almost remembers how much Alexis hated them, because they made h rough... 48 FPS as Tyler slowly looks up into the mirror. ‘GHOST!’ by Kid Cudi comes on in the distance of the part as Tyler continues to stare at his own reflection. He loo A ghost of his former self... * NOTE * The black bars at the top and bottom of the scre finished closing in. We are now in 3.0:1 aspect ratio 48. INT. DOWNSTAIRS IN SANTIAGO’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS we eeee Tyler walks through the party with the strobe lig everything in SLOW MOTION. The CAMERA pans through the da with kids dancing and sweating in SLOW MOTION, to find Em on a couch at the back of the living room.......... eee e eee eeee Emily is sweating and trying to cool down. the trippy strobe light bounce off the tile to create hal patterns... She starts to feel nauseous... She looks up a
53) 0) text: Paramedics assist Alexis and get her in a stretcher... INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler’s mom turns around to headlights shining through th window. Catherine looks out to see Tyler’s truck shooting driveway, almost hitting her car. 52. EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald leaves his car and heads to the sirens... Kids are the front lawn and several recognize Ronald. Ronald is jo pigcing together the clues, yet praying that Tyler was ne ad nothing to do with this... EXT. OUTSIDE OF TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS qylex gets out of his truck and runs for his house. Cathe the front door and immediately sees the blood all over Ty
55) 0) text: More police cars are speeding through the night. The CAME behind them... EXT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Elena and Bobby now have some clothes on and they are hur their car... EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald finally finds his daughter. Emily is sobbing. Rona daughter in his arms and holds her tigh’ Emily is crying that she can’t even speak and tears stream down Ronald’s 53. INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler opens the bedroom door and pushes past his mom.
59) 0) text: Elena and Bobby are pacing around the hospital... A docto EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald is still holding his daughter and they are crying Friends of Tyler and Alexis are crying... EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Catherine is crying while talking to police... She watche car drive away...
61) 0) text: CLOSE UP on, Emily's face, staring directly into the lens in the back seat of a car, deep in thought and an intense lives in her eyes... We see Emily’s point of view and she is watching Ronald a Ronald looks very different now. His strong confidence ha replaced with something softer and vulnerable... He seems holding onto big pain, but keeping it at bay. Emily looks over at Catherine in the passenger seat, but see her mother’s face. There is total silence in the car, with an awful energy. in nice clothes, like they are going to an event that req wear, but they look exhausted and beaten down. It feels l chunk of time has passed since we last saw everyone... Emily watches as Ronald takes his hand and puts it on top Catherine’s for support. He holds her hand for only a mom before she pulls away... Emily studies Ronald’s profile. hurt, but has clearly accepted this distance.... Emily looks through the window and into the side mirror, she can see Catherine’s reflection. Catherine is numb, co dread.
79) 0) text: Luke and Emily are at the burger spot that Luke recommend table is over the water, and they are chowing down on a d looking cheeseburger... INT. RONALD’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Ronald is driving Emily through a parking lot. He is givi driving lesson and talking about how to use your mirrors. Ronald's energy and demeanor are very different than they be. He’s softer, less put together than he was and it goe the fact that he’s different with Emily than he was with INT. EMILY’S BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS Emily stares at her reflection in the mirror and examines body... She sucks in her belly, grabs the skin under her etc.... She’s not pleased with what she sees...
84) 9) dialog: She is... Catherine just nods. Emily looks over and makes eye conta Catherine for a beat. Catherine looks totally different t to. There seems to be a numb void below the surface. She cold and lifeless... Emily holds her gaze, until Catherine can’t take it anymo looks away... There is a clear, unspoken tension between neither one will address it.
84) 16) dialog: Do you remember that Emily is learning how to drive? She’s gonna have your car soon... Grandma laughs. Not really understanding anything, but be sweetheart about it... Then, a moment of clarity:
84) 26) dialog: Oh- Mom! That’s your son-in-law.
85) 0) text: Emily sits in the kitchen by herself, eating an apple... at the old piano Tyler used to play... CLOSE UP of pictures that Emily is studying. We see Emily grandparents, the ones on Ronald's side. Ronald’s father clerical collar and speaking to a congregation. Emily goe another box of photos. She finds a family photo of Tyler children with Ronald and their biological mother. Emily s photo...
90) 0) text: Emily chugs some water from the fridge... She listens and Ronald in the distance...
90) 1) dialog: --+. Will you just talk to me?... Catherine... Emily leaves the kitchen and walks to a hallway. She look hall to see her parents bedroom door open. Ronald is stan Catherine is laying down with her back facing us. The CAM zooms in...
90) 2) dialog: You're not the only one going through this thing... You hear what I’m saying?
90) 4) dialog: I don’t know what you want from me... What do you want?
90) 6) dialog: Look... I’m trying... 74.
90) 8) dialog: Then, when can you?
90) 10) dialog: We both know it started before... It’s just gotten worse. Catherine finally sits up in bed, still with her back to can feel frustration building.
90) 12) dialog: What?
90) 14) dialog: What?... Say it.
90) 16) dialog: Really?... Nothing- Catherine finally turns around, simmering with anger.
90) 18) dialog: It’s not just sex- You’re not here, Cath! You’re not... This isn’t a family anymore. We still have responsibilities- Still have a daughter to think about. 75.
90) 19) dialog: Still have a daughter?! Where What’s that supposed to are you?! What are you doing mean?! for her?!
90) 21) dialog: That’s not true- No? It’s not? You pushed him too far and never did enough It was different with Tyler- for her- You know that! I raised them the best I know how- And you never listened! Never listen to anyone!
90) 22) dialog: At least I’m here! Where are you?! I’m trying to hold this family together- Where you at?!
90) 24) dialog: That's not fair... I’ve done nothing, but been here for you.
90) 26) dialog: «+. I make you sick?
97) 0) text: Emily sits at a dock with Ronald. They both have fishing their hands and look at peace. It’s a beautiful day.
97) 1) dialog: I don’t think you’ve been fishing with your daddy since you were a little girl... Emily smiles.
97) 2) dialog: +. Thank you for coming. I just wanna apologize... Feel like we haven’t spoken in so long, and I’m responsible for that.
97) 4) dialog: Well- I don’t even know what’s really going on with you.
97) 6) dialog: How are you doing with everything?
97) 8) dialog: You know... It’s okay if you’re not... You can tell me anything. You know that, don’t you?
97) 10) dialog: .«.. I worry about you.
97) 12) dialog: «+. Well... It’s been hard... Hasn’t it? Ronald and Emily look at each other, and Emily nods. They the intense pain they’ve felt... Ronald looks off over th Clearly more on his mind...
97) 13) dialog: «+. I don’t know how to connect with your mother anymore... Emily looks a bit surprised that her dad is opening up an about this.
97) 15) dialog: .».. Can barely look at me... She doesn’t hate you. Wont talk to me... I think she hates me. I really do-
97) 16) dialog: I don’t know what else to do. She’s just shutting down... She’s not working- Couldn’t, even if she wanted to. The company won’t recover... (MORE )
97) 18) dialog: 
97) 21) dialog: I shouldn't be telling you No- all this-
97) 22) dialog: I just have no one else to talk to.
97) 24) dialog: Yeah?
97) 27) dialog: Stopped what? What do you mean?
97) 29) dialog: Baby- If I just would've gotten up. I could've stopped it, and she'd still be here- Tears flow down Emily’s face as pain and regret come to t
97) 30) dialog: Hey. Listen to me. This is not your fault.
97) 31) dialog: It is- No. It’s not. And you can’t blame yourself. You didn’t do this. Your brother did-
97) 33) dialog: Baby- I hate him so much, dad! He's evil. What he did is evil... He’s a monster.
97) 34) dialog: Baby- You can be angry. And you should be... But your brother isn’t a monster, and he’s not evil. He’s just a human being. Same flesh and blood as you and me. You can hate him all you want, but let me tell you something. That hate will swallow you up. It’ll swallow you. It'll swallow you like it did your brother and you are not your brother. You are you. No one can take that away from you... Emily continues to cry while a few tears run down Ronald’
97) 35) dialog: I know the pain you’re in. Trust me. I know it. Lord knows I’ve held on to too much hate, myself... I think about your brother everyday... Things I could’ve done... But we can’t change it... All we have is now and I’m telling you this, because I love you- Holding on to so much hate will destroy a person, and I’m not about to let it destroy you... You have so much love to give to this world, and you have so much life to live... You remember some of Papa’s favorite scripture? Emily nods through tears.
97) 36) dialog: Hatred stirs up strife, but love... Love covers all offenses..... I love you so much, baby.
104) 10) dialog: Baby. Your mother saw Bethany’s instagram and that you haven’t been at the beach house you know | trust you but cath is not going well. Very worried. Please talk to me so | know you’re ok “foing *doing Sorry. Please just text or call. | love you Emily begins texting her dad back.
114) 0) text: The CAMERA pans across an ocean until we find Ronald as h the beach and fishes by himself...
115) 0) text: WIDE SHOT as Ronald is surrounded by families as he sits back of the church, during a service...
116) 0) text: Ronald sits in his home office, staring at construction p computer and drinking a protein shake... One of the dogs at the office door to get out. Ronald opens his office do dog goes to the dog gate at the bottom of the stairs and Ronald looks up to see B.K. crying at the top of the stai Ronald heads up the stairs and picks up the cat to comfor turns and looks down the hallway... 101. INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Ronald enters Tyler’s room to see Catherine crying on Tyl Catherine looks up and makes real eye contact with Ronald first time in a long time... Tears begin to well up in Ro looks back at his wife... Ronald puts B.K. down, and he sits on the bed with Cather reaches out and runs his hand through Catherine’s hair. S resist... Ronald lays down in the bed with her... There’s so much they want to say to each other, but inste look into each other’s eyes and cry... In this moment, th words and that's okay...