13) 0) text: ‘Mitsubishi Sony’ by Frank Ocean starts up. Alexis and Ty dancing, having a blast together... A random girl tries t bottle of champagne and she spits it up... Different kids flow to music, talk, laugh, drink, play flip cup, beer po INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER Now, Alexis and Tyler are inside a mini van with Tyler’s Tyler's friends are a bit of a mixed bag; ranging in ethn interests, while all sharing the same common denominator fuck around and have fun... DEREK is driving and RYAN is shotgun while STAN and CHANG are in the back with Alexis
13) 1) dialog: Stop! Sixteen! Sixteen fries!
13) 5) dialog: Where?? What the fuck are you talking about?! All of a sudden, a grown man comes sprinting out of the h towards the mini van. Everyone screams and freaks out as van takes off and the grown man chases behind... The music reaches _a crescendo as the CAMERA spins betwee in the mini van, feeling the rush and joy of the night. T shout, and laugh.... Tonight, they are invincible... Soon, everything goes to slow motion... Tyler looks over and she looks back. In they’re look, they share their own They can feel each other’s love... FADE TO BLACK. The music cuts out.
44) 2) text: Boys tackle each other on the beach as kids party around We see CLOSE UPS of Tyler doing shots, drinking beer, etc * NOTE * Anytime substances are involved, we are back to lenses On the second verse, ‘Backseat Freestyle’ starts slowing ... EXTREME SLOW MOTION as we follow a smoke trail... .+.. The smoke trail leads to a joint.... wees The joint is passed to Tyler..... eee eee Tyler takes a big hit....... eee ee eeee Tyler takes a long sip of beer and looks arou continues to slow and the EXTREME SLOW MOTION is giving e it’s own kind of haunting beauty. Kids are laughing, drin smoking around the fire....... cece eee eee eee eens eee ee eens SLOW ZOOM into Tyler’s face as ‘Backseat Free fading out and a drone is taking over... Tyler closes his looks like he’s about to fall asleep............ eee eeee Tyler slowly opens his eyes to see Alexis sittin from him on the other side of the fire..............- .-+. Alexis and Tyler just stare at each other, and then begins to let big pain come to the surface. She looks hea This hits Tyler right in his gut...... What the fuck?! ‘America’ by The Shoes slams on and Tyler opens his eyes, REAL TIME. Tyler looks up to see Ryan and Derek:
44) 3) dialog: T Money! Why the fuck are you Alexis’s a slut. Fuck her- being emo?! 38. Tyler looks straight ahead and Alexis is gone.
44) 4) dialog: Oh, fuck off- Let’s go. We're leaving.
44) 6) dialog: Every time I try to open my You're gone, bruh! eyes, they just close- I can’t open my eyes-— Tyler and Ryan are cracking up... Tyler puts his whole he window and screams into the night:
49) 5) dialog: Bruh- Tyler turns to see Ryan.
49) 6) dialog: Your mom just called me- She Yeah, yeah. I talked to said some kind of family her. We good. Want emergency- a beer? Uh- Sure- You sure every- Meet you outside. 47. Tyler heads through the kitchen, past the dance floor, an stairs... Tyler makes his way up the stairs... The music continually builds as Tyler gets to the top of see Alexis an er ate oO down a hallway and into a room. T the door behind them, the CAMERA pushes down the hallway family photos... The CAMERA pushes back towards Tyler’s face as devastatio The music grows with Tyler’s hurt....