7) 0) text: Tyler is doing conditioning drills with his team. He is r along the football field with a 45 pound plate above his Now, the team is running bleachers in the football stadiu Alexis in the distance. She’s in the middle of the footba practicing drills for the drill team.
13) 0) text: ‘Mitsubishi Sony’ by Frank Ocean starts up. Alexis and Ty dancing, having a blast together... A random girl tries t bottle of champagne and she spits it up... Different kids flow to music, talk, laugh, drink, play flip cup, beer po INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER Now, Alexis and Tyler are inside a mini van with Tyler’s Tyler's friends are a bit of a mixed bag; ranging in ethn interests, while all sharing the same common denominator fuck around and have fun... DEREK is driving and RYAN is shotgun while STAN and CHANG are in the back with Alexis
13) 3) text: «+. Sir? Listen here, lady. I’m gonna say this one time and one time only... I want 27 breakfest burritos and I want 4 pankcakes, 7 fries, and 10 slices of cheese. Got it? «+. We don’t sell slices of What kind of operation are cheese. you running here, lady?!! INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER The mini van is stopped as Tyler steals signs from a fron and throws them in the back of the van... Soon, Stan is t take a big sign out of someone else’s yard... Suddenly, S the sign and comes running back to the mini van:
13) 4) dialog: Go! Go! I saw someone-
20) 0) text: Tyler sits in the kitchen and eats a can of tuna with som spinach for dinner... He boils some water and makes a mou Tyler plays a song on the piano and hums along to it... H really great. Clearly, he grew up playing... Tyler finish and rolls his left shoulder around. INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S BATHROOM —- CONTINUOUS Tyler digs under the sink. He finds a heating pad and Ben closes the cabinet and heads to another cabinet... Tyler finds one of his dad’s prescription bottles. Tyler reads and it says: PERCOCET. He opens the bottle and looks insi dad calls out from the distance:
23) 0) text: We make our way into the gym to find a large wrestling ma the floor and the bleachers filled with a cheering crowd. The team jogs in a big circle to warm up. The CAMERA spin from inside the circle, following Tyler... Soon, the team into partners to warm up. The CAMERA switches to spin aro a 360. Tyler gets his teammate down with a fireman’s take Now, Tyler is sitting on the bench as lighter weight clas Tyler looks into the bleachers... Ronald is standing at t the bleachers, closer to the mat, talking and laughing wi parents. Tyler sees Alexis sitting at the top of the blea cheering. He doesn’t acknowledge her because he’s in his Tyler warms up on a smaller mat, behind his teammates. Ty opposing team, trying to look for his opponent. 15. A BUZZER rings.
38) 0) text: Tyler is at a new wrestling match, warming up, as lighter classes wrestle... Tyler looks into the stands, and sees the front, talking it up with all the parents... Soon, Ca arrives... Tyler steps up to the mat... Tyler’s opponent arrives, an tougher than the last kid. Tyler shakes hands with his op they take the neutral position... The ref blows his WHISTLE. Tyler and his opponent circle until they latch onto each other’s necks with a firm grip throws his opponent’s head around, taking out his aggress
39) 0) text: SLOW MOTION as the medic is finishing wrapping up Tyler’s Tyler's face is still red and puffy from crying. Tyler is with his mom. She has her arm around him, and she’s rubbi hands through his hair, like she did when Tyler was a chi Ronald is just walking around, looking incredibly frustra INT. TYLER’S BATHROOM - LATER Tyler takes pain killers and looks at his reflection in t There is a big ice pack wrapped around his shoulder and h sling... Finally, sound is coming back and the music is fading out listens and he can hear arguing in the distance... Tyler room and walks to the top of the stairs to listen:
44) 2) text: Boys tackle each other on the beach as kids party around We see CLOSE UPS of Tyler doing shots, drinking beer, etc * NOTE * Anytime substances are involved, we are back to lenses On the second verse, ‘Backseat Freestyle’ starts slowing ... EXTREME SLOW MOTION as we follow a smoke trail... .+.. The smoke trail leads to a joint.... wees The joint is passed to Tyler..... eee eee Tyler takes a big hit....... eee ee eeee Tyler takes a long sip of beer and looks arou continues to slow and the EXTREME SLOW MOTION is giving e it’s own kind of haunting beauty. Kids are laughing, drin smoking around the fire....... cece eee eee eee eens eee ee eens SLOW ZOOM into Tyler’s face as ‘Backseat Free fading out and a drone is taking over... Tyler closes his looks like he’s about to fall asleep............ eee eeee Tyler slowly opens his eyes to see Alexis sittin from him on the other side of the fire..............- .-+. Alexis and Tyler just stare at each other, and then begins to let big pain come to the surface. She looks hea This hits Tyler right in his gut...... What the fuck?! ‘America’ by The Shoes slams on and Tyler opens his eyes, REAL TIME. Tyler looks up to see Ryan and Derek:
47) 0) text: SLOW ZOOM as everyone slow dances. The CAMERA focuses in dancing with her date. The closer we get, we realize Alex like she wishes she was dancing with Tyler... INT. TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE —- CONTINUOUS Tyler leaves his room and walks down the stairs... Tyler bottom of the stairs and turns on a light. No one is arou parents must be in their bedroom. Tyler heads to his dad’ shuts the door behind him... 43. Tyler digs through the drawers in his dad’s office. He’s for something... Tyler stops. He’s found the keys to his turns around and opens the office door- The music cuts ou is standing there, in her pajamas, looking confused.
50) 0) text: The CAMERA pans from the night and through Ronald’s car t still driving, on the phone with Catherine. The CAMERA co pan past Ronald and into the front windshield, so that we merging onto the same highway Tyler was on.. INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler shuts a bathroom door and heads to the toilet to pe «+. Soon, Tyler stumbles up to the sink and washes his ha stares down at his hands and sees his calluses are almost remembers how much Alexis hated them, because they made h rough... 48 FPS as Tyler slowly looks up into the mirror. ‘GHOST!’ by Kid Cudi comes on in the distance of the part as Tyler continues to stare at his own reflection. He loo A ghost of his former self... * NOTE * The black bars at the top and bottom of the scre finished closing in. We are now in 3.0:1 aspect ratio 48. INT. DOWNSTAIRS IN SANTIAGO’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS we eeee Tyler walks through the party with the strobe lig everything in SLOW MOTION. The CAMERA pans through the da with kids dancing and sweating in SLOW MOTION, to find Em on a couch at the back of the living room.......... eee e eee eeee Emily is sweating and trying to cool down. the trippy strobe light bounce off the tile to create hal patterns... She starts to feel nauseous... She looks up a
50) 1) text: standing in the corner of the living room.............. eee ec eee seeeee The CAMERA pushes into a CLOSE UP of Ty looks up_at the top of the stairs to see Alexis exiting t from earlier and heading to the StairsS...........000eeee The hook hits and everything goes back to REAL TIME as Al downstairs. qyler keeps his focus on Alexis as she makes her way into Alexis seems to be looking for drinks in the kitchen frid leaves and heads towards fhe back garage. Tyler follows a distance... Emily watches all of this unfold...
51) 0) text: Tyler enters the garage and shuts the door behind him. Th off in the distance of the party now...
52) 0) text: We see a quiet, pitch black night... In the distance we c siren. The sound gets louder until flashing red and blue illuminate the darkness. An ambulance begins to come into ‘The stars In His Head (Dark Lights Remix)’ by Colin Stet as the CAMERA is right in front of a speeding ambulance.. INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Tyler is speeding through the streets in his truck. He is between tears:
61) 0) text: CLOSE UP on, Emily's face, staring directly into the lens in the back seat of a car, deep in thought and an intense lives in her eyes... We see Emily’s point of view and she is watching Ronald a Ronald looks very different now. His strong confidence ha replaced with something softer and vulnerable... He seems holding onto big pain, but keeping it at bay. Emily looks over at Catherine in the passenger seat, but see her mother’s face. There is total silence in the car, with an awful energy. in nice clothes, like they are going to an event that req wear, but they look exhausted and beaten down. It feels l chunk of time has passed since we last saw everyone... Emily watches as Ronald takes his hand and puts it on top Catherine’s for support. He holds her hand for only a mom before she pulls away... Emily studies Ronald’s profile. hurt, but has clearly accepted this distance.... Emily looks through the window and into the side mirror, she can see Catherine’s reflection. Catherine is numb, co dread.
66) 0) text: SLOW ZOOM as Emily enters the school cafeteria. She looks focuses on friends she knows in the distance. They are al and talking... Emily leaves the cafeteria.
68) 0) text: Emily is sitting in her theater class as MR. STANLEY spea
76) 0) text: CAMERA spins around Emily to see she is standing in the h outside of Mr. Stanley’s, when she turns around to see Lu approaching with a smile... Soon, Emily and Luke exchange
89) 0) text: Emily and Luke walk through Wekiva island. It’s basically kayak rental place combined... Emily and Luke kayak down Luke opens the beers and gives one to Emily... They see a in the distance, fish swimming, etc... It is beautiful. After awhile, Emily and Luke tie up their kayak. They mee who are smoking and drinking next to the water. The colle up a hit of their blunt they are passing around. Emily an smoke some... Emily climbs a tree and jumps into the water. When she hi ‘Florida’ by Frank Ocean hits on...
90) 0) text: Emily chugs some water from the fridge... She listens and Ronald in the distance...
102) 0) text: Luke enters the room and he’s instantly stunned. He sees the first time in 8 years and it’s not what he expected. sitting back in a hospital bed. He’s so skinny and deplet looks incredibly fragile, like an old man on his death be devastating to see someone so close to death, yet still g life. All those years of pent up pain, fear, and animosit vanish from Luke. This is not the “ asshole “ he remember LUKE’S FATHER «+. Son?