1) 0) text: The ‘Wipe Out’ sample hits and then the bridge of the son as the CAMERA spins around to find ALEXIS (18) and TYLER black). The CAMERA continues to spin in a dizzying 360 th barely contain their love. Tyler drives with the music cr and Alexis are essentially doing a karaoke duet at the to lungs:
1) 2) dialog: WHERE’S THE BRIDGE THAT’S GONNA TAKE ME
1) 5) dialog: A BRIDGE THAT SOMEONE’S PAYING FOR!!!
1) 6) dialog: 
2) 0) text: The ringing school bell cuts out. A mix of the original and the live version of ‘Be Above I Impala seeps in as a wrestling gym comes into focus. Tyle into the gym, drenched in sweat, with teammates following Tyler begins jogging in circles, warming up, and the CAME him in a 360 as he pumps himself up... The beat comes _in CAMERA changes to spin around Tyler in a 360 as he wrestl teammate. Tyler gets his teammate in a fireman’s takedown him to the mat. Now, Tyler and his teammates are climbing ropes in the wr gym. Sometimes with weight strapped around their torso an sometimes without using their legs... Soon, the whole team is in extreme pain as they do plate COACH WISE yells:
2) 1) text: Come on, Hayes! PUSH IT!... Let me tell ya something, the pain of losing is worse than any pain you’re feeling right now! Okay? Let me tell ya- Shit fire! We are cookin now, boys! We ain’t stoppin until someone pukes! Aite? INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - START OF SCHOOL DAY CLOSE UP: Tyler takes an Adderall with a protein shake... CAMERA pans across a highschool, packed with kids as they class... We keep panning until we find Tyler driving whil his protein shake...
3) 0) text: We follow behind Tyler and Alexis, holding hands...
4) 0) text: Tyler and Alexis hang with their friends, a mix of kids. sitting on Tyler's lap, rubbing her hand through his hair
5) 0) text: The CAMERA pushes through the classroom to find Tyler sit and listening to his ENGLISH TEACHER:
6) 0) text: Tyler is lifting weights with the wrestling team. He’s on press... Tyler finishes his reps and racks the weight. He the mirror, buzzed off his pump...
7) 0) text: Tyler is doing conditioning drills with his team. He is r along the football field with a 45 pound plate above his Now, the team is running bleachers in the football stadiu Alexis in the distance. She’s in the middle of the footba practicing drills for the drill team.
8) 0) text: CLOSE UPS and SLOW MOTION of the team wrestling. Muscle a move with the music. A primal beauty to the images.... INT. LOCKER ROOM — DAY SLOW MOTION continues as Tyler puts his head under the ru shower water... Kids whip each other with towels as Tyler dressed at his locker... INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - SUNSET Tyler drives through his neighborhood, drinking another p drink, as the sun sets. The houses around range from larg midsize, but nothing too extravagant... INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - SUNSET Tyler walks in through the back door. He’s greeted with b from three dogs that vary in size.
8) 2) dialog: Yeah... Today was a long one- Long, but good? Yeah... You? I know exactly how you feel, baby. Tyler gives his mom a good hug, and then he walks through living room, past his dad’s office and through the house. heads up the stairs and his dad, RONALD (40s), calls out:
8) 3) dialog: How was school? Good. Tyler keeps walking upstairs and his dad comes out of his Ronald appears to be in incredible physical condition, ye wearing a large knee brace around his right knee. He’s al button down with slacks.
8) 6) dialog: School was good... But practice went long and I have a history test tomorrow, so I really need to start homework.
8) 8) dialog: I know. Tyler heads for his room and the CAMERA pans past him to a door that is cracked open with a cat staring at us. Thi Tyler's sister’s room. Tyler’s sister, EMILY, has braces her computer. We caught a glimpse of Emily before, practi the drill team and Alexis, but more importantly, Emily is we saw riding the bike during the first frames of the fil INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Tyler enters his bedroom and the CAMERA leaves him to pan room. We see wrestling trophies, family photos, a Kanye p The CAMERA continues to pan until it finds Tyler looking incredibly fit body in the mirror with his shirt off... T buzzes. It’s a text from Alexis:
9) 2) text: Alexis and Tyler are on a speed boat, with Alexis’s paren Alexis’s dad, BOBBY (40s), is drinking a beer while drivi boat. Alexis’s mom, ELENA (late 30s), is trying to hang o sun hat as the boat flies through wind and waves. INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - EVENING Alexis and Tyler are on their phones, sprawled out on the room couch, as Elena and Bobby head out for the night:
10) 0) text: Tyler takes off in his truck, texting Alexis as he drives blast across screen:
11) 0) text: WIDE SHOT as Tyler’s truck slams on the brakes and does a EXT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler is back and screaming at Alexis from his truck. Ale yelling back from the front lawn:
11) 1) dialog: 
11) 3) dialog: 
11) 6) dialog: Just admit you fuckin lied! I didn’t lie about anything you selfish asshole! He liked a picture and I followed him Bullshit- Bullshit- back! You freak out in like two seconds and you don’t listen to me- I’m done!
12) 0) text: The music cuts out and we are in a WIDE SHOT as Tyler’s g is parked in a parking lot, rocking back and forth... INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS ‘Spread’ by Outcast is playing through the speakers as Al Tyler are having sex in the back seat of Tyler’s truck, d
12) 2) dialog: Fuck... You’re gonna make me come- INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - SUNSET The beat hits as the CAMERA pans through the truck with T nodding to the music, and Alexis riding shotgun, taking s EXT. KATY’S HOUSE PARTY - NIGHT The CAMERA pushes past a row of parked cars to find Alexi We follow behind as they hold hands and approach a house Alexis and Tyler go through the front door and we see hig playing beer pong over the dining room table... We go thr kitchen to see an assortment of different kinds of liquor kids are playing flip cup on the kitchen counter... The CAMERA pans over to follow a girl in a swimsuit outsi swimming pool... The girl walks onto a diving board and w
13) 0) text: ‘Mitsubishi Sony’ by Frank Ocean starts up. Alexis and Ty dancing, having a blast together... A random girl tries t bottle of champagne and she spits it up... Different kids flow to music, talk, laugh, drink, play flip cup, beer po INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER Now, Alexis and Tyler are inside a mini van with Tyler’s Tyler's friends are a bit of a mixed bag; ranging in ethn interests, while all sharing the same common denominator fuck around and have fun... DEREK is driving and RYAN is shotgun while STAN and CHANG are in the back with Alexis
13) 3) text: «+. Sir? Listen here, lady. I’m gonna say this one time and one time only... I want 27 breakfest burritos and I want 4 pankcakes, 7 fries, and 10 slices of cheese. Got it? «+. We don’t sell slices of What kind of operation are cheese. you running here, lady?!! INT. DEREK'S MOM’S MINI VAN - LATER The mini van is stopped as Tyler steals signs from a fron and throws them in the back of the van... Soon, Stan is t take a big sign out of someone else’s yard... Suddenly, S the sign and comes running back to the mini van:
13) 7) dialog: Let’s go. Let’s go. Let’s-— Yeah- I’m up. Tyler lays back down. Not ready for the morning...
14) 0) text: Now, Ronald and Tyler lift weights, with their shirts off garage. The garage has been converted into a training roo assortment of weights and a miniature wrestling mat. Soon Ronald check Tyler's weight on a scale... Later, Tyler and Ronald flex in the mirror. There seems t subtle competition between them as they each hold their b pronounce the veins in their arms, neck, and chest... Sud Ronald nearly faints and falls over from holding his brea long... Tyler helps Ronald back up and they share a laugh
15) 0) text: Now, Tyler and his family are dressed in formal wear for that Ronald volunteers as a door greeter for the church, out pamphlets and makes small talk with everyone that ent seems to genuinely enjoy this and he appears to be incred charming...
16) 0) text: THE CAMERA pushes through a church service and zeros in o is just barely nodding off as the minister preaches... Tyler's mom, Catherine, sees Tyler nodding off so she giv nudge. Tyler looks up to see his mom with a tiny grin. Ty a smile and then looks over to see his dad shaking his he sister snickering. Tyler looks forward and listens to the
17) 0) text: Now, Tyler’s family is having post-church breakfast. Tyle lean. Egg whites and spinach. Ronald studies Tyler for a
17) 2) dialog: Not really.
17) 4) dialog: No- I mean- Did that service bore you today?
17) 5) dialog: No. Ronald shakes his head.
17) 8) dialog: ~-. Yes.
17) 10) dialog: On and off.
17) 12) dialog: Mom- He’s fine.
17) 20) dialog: You're such a hypocrite, It's fine. It really doesn’t you're not even going. matter-
18) 0) text: Tyler is jogging along a canal... Even though it’s 90 plu he’s in full sweats...
19) 0) text: Tyler takes off his sweats. He’s drenched and wearing a g underneath his clothes, so that he sweats even more. Tyle a scale. He’s at 148.... Tyler looks up and stares at his
20) 0) text: Tyler sits in the kitchen and eats a can of tuna with som spinach for dinner... He boils some water and makes a mou Tyler plays a song on the piano and hums along to it... H really great. Clearly, he grew up playing... Tyler finish and rolls his left shoulder around. INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S BATHROOM —- CONTINUOUS Tyler digs under the sink. He finds a heating pad and Ben closes the cabinet and heads to another cabinet... Tyler finds one of his dad’s prescription bottles. Tyler reads and it says: PERCOCET. He opens the bottle and looks insi dad calls out from the distance:
22) 0) text: The beat hits: We follow behind Tyler and the team as the hallway...
23) 0) text: We make our way into the gym to find a large wrestling ma the floor and the bleachers filled with a cheering crowd. The team jogs in a big circle to warm up. The CAMERA spin from inside the circle, following Tyler... Soon, the team into partners to warm up. The CAMERA switches to spin aro a 360. Tyler gets his teammate down with a fireman’s take Now, Tyler is sitting on the bench as lighter weight clas Tyler looks into the bleachers... Ronald is standing at t the bleachers, closer to the mat, talking and laughing wi parents. Tyler sees Alexis sitting at the top of the blea cheering. He doesn’t acknowledge her because he’s in his Tyler warms up on a smaller mat, behind his teammates. Ty opposing team, trying to look for his opponent. 15. A BUZZER rings.
24) 0) text: Tyler and Ronald are back in the garage, this time on the wrestling mat. Ronald has Tyler on the ground, wrapped up grip that Tyler had his opponent in, except Ronald is sho better grip. By the look on Tyler’s face, it seems painfu
24) 1) dialog: See? See? You feel the Yes... difference?
25) 0) text: Tyler sits in the hallway of a doctor’s office. His ear b he watches a wrestling match on his phone... Tyler goes i loud MRI machine, etc...
26) 0) text: Tyler does crunches in the bathroom with full sweats on. on and it’s turning the bathroom into a steam room.
27) 0) text: Tyler watches as Ronald manages employees on the construc Ronald seems valued and respected... Soon, Tyler and Rona together, alone, along the site.
28) 0) text: Tyler is running down the beach, sweating his ass off... Soon, Tyler slows down... Tyler takes off all his clothes shorts. When he takes out his ear buds, the music cuts ou walks into the ocean and gets in... It iS peaceful out he looks up at the beautiful’ sunset and some seagulls fly b INT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - NIGHT CLOSE UP of video with a baby elephant chasing birds. The continues chasing the birds and having fun until he trips himself and falls to the ground, face first. The elephant scurries over to his mom, just jike a human child would..
28) 1) dialog: Awwwwwwww Alexis and Tyler are watching the video from Alexis’s cel
28) 2) dialog: Oh my god. Adorable. I’ve Still- Isn’t he the cutest??? seen that one, though- I love elephants...
28) 3) dialog: What about goats?? 17.
28) 4) dialog: I love goats, too- Well, which do you like more?
28) 6) dialog: Different- Shut up. Tyler watches another video of an elephant dancing while to the kitchen where her parents are bickering while cook Alexis’s parent’s restaurant is a modest Italian spot.
28) 13) dialog: As soon as season’s over, Sir- How’s the shrimp and spina combo treatin ya there, T? Tyler is the only one without a heavier Italian dish. He grilled shrimp and spinach, without any kind of sauce. Si
28) 14) dialog: It’s delicious. Your daughter’s an amazing cook. 18.
28) 18) dialog: Yes, sir.
29) 0) text: Tyler and his friends try on suits in front of a big mirr helps Tyler with his tie as Tyler studies his reflection. looks great in his suit.
30) 0) text: Tyler and Ronald are lifting weights again. They are doin supersets and Tyler is on his second set of barbell curls is spotting and Tyler is struggling with the weight... Ty up and drops the barbell at 7 reps. Not giving it 100%. 19.
30) 4) dialog: I did ten- No. You did seven and gave up. I want a full set of ten. Tyler just shakes his head and walks around. He’s in a fu Ronald is not connecting it to Tyler’s shoulder, because doing bicep curls.
30) 6) dialog: Tyler picks up the weight and pushes to do 10 full reps i
30) 9) dialog: Emily?! The cat just shakes. It seems to have some kind of disabi his hind legs continually bounce.
30) 10) dialog: 
30) 12) dialog: 
30) 14) dialog: Jerk! I don’t want that beast in my room—
31) 0) text: The music cuts out as Tyler hugs his mom, and then he tak the kitchen counter. Catherine unpacks her bags from work
31) 2) dialog: Fine... Could’a been better... Got a suit fitted.
31) 3) dialog: Oh yeah? For the Bearcat Yeah. Ball?
31) 5) dialog: No idea. Better not be with Oh, come on. It’s not like mine- it’s prom.
31) 6) dialog: Whatever.
31) 8) dialog: Yeah, I guess. She’s had her dress forever... How was your day?
31) 16) dialog: Not yet- Well, what are you waiting for?
31) 17) dialog: I’m saying hi to mom- It’s a two second break.
32) 0) text: SLOW ZOOM OUT as Doctor Steve is shuffling through Tyler’
32) 4) dialog: Yes, sir... But what does all of this mean?
32) 6) dialog: I mean- It’s not that bad. I can easily push through it. The CAMERA lands in a tight profile on Tyler.
32) 9) dialog: Well, what if we did it at the end of season and I recover over summer? I could be good for next year- College. The CAMERA slowly rotates around Tyler’s face and ZOOMS I
33) 0) text: CLOSE UP of Tyler’s face as he enters a elevator and the INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - LATER THAT NIGHT ZOOM IN as Tyler sits in his parked truck, contemplating INT. SPEEDY’S - CONTINUOUS Tyler waits in line at a hole-in-the-wall liquor store. A dreads are sitting behind the cash register. They look Ty He’s clearly out of his element here... It’s Tyler’s turn, and he hands a pint of vodka to the ca attendant that goes by WALLY.
34) 0) text: The CAMERA pans away from running water... We continue to we see Tyler in the bath tub. 25. He looks drunk as he eats a cheeseburger and tears fall f eyes... Soon, he’s beginning to nod off... The music fade FADE TO BLACK...
34) 4) dialog: I got it- DO YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS?! * NOTE * now in 2.40:1 aspect ratio with spherical lenses the film has been in 1.85:1
35) 0) text: Tyler is running around the school with teammates... All Tyler stops and begins throwing up... He looks up to see watching him.
36) 0) text: Tyler and teammates are wrestling. Tyler is paired up wit (17) who has braces. They are grappling until the wrestle Tyler's arm in the wrong way, creating pain in Tyler’s sh
37) 3) dialog: Good.
37) 5) dialog: Half way there- What’s this format? Why’s the date over there? That’s how mom wants it- Can I don’t pay you to do your you just let me do my thing- thing. I pay you to do my thing. Technically mom is paying- There you go again. Ronald sits down, across from Tyler. Catherine’s voice is playing through the speakers.
37) 7) dialog: What do you mean- You know exactly what I mean. Tyler shrugs.
37) 10) dialog: «+. No.
37) 12) dialog: +. I have a lot going on right now.
37) 19) dialog: Yeah... I hear you.
38) 0) text: Tyler is at a new wrestling match, warming up, as lighter classes wrestle... Tyler looks into the stands, and sees the front, talking it up with all the parents... Soon, Ca arrives... Tyler steps up to the mat... Tyler’s opponent arrives, an tougher than the last kid. Tyler shakes hands with his op they take the neutral position... The ref blows his WHISTLE. Tyler and his opponent circle until they latch onto each other’s necks with a firm grip throws his opponent’s head around, taking out his aggress
39) 0) text: SLOW MOTION as the medic is finishing wrapping up Tyler’s Tyler's face is still red and puffy from crying. Tyler is with his mom. She has her arm around him, and she’s rubbi hands through his hair, like she did when Tyler was a chi Ronald is just walking around, looking incredibly frustra INT. TYLER’S BATHROOM - LATER Tyler takes pain killers and looks at his reflection in t There is a big ice pack wrapped around his shoulder and h sling... Finally, sound is coming back and the music is fading out listens and he can hear arguing in the distance... Tyler room and walks to the top of the stairs to listen:
40) 0) text: ‘Rushes’ by Frank Ocean hits in. Tyler and Alexis sit on an empty beach. Tyler’s phone pla as they both share a water bottle and seem buzzed:
40) 1) dialog: I just wish you would’ve told I know... I’m sorry... me-
40) 3) dialog: I don’t know... Guess I thought if I didn’t talk about it, it wasn’t true... Thought I could beat it...
40) 5) dialog: I know. I’m sorry, babe.
40) 7) dialog: Yeah... I missed you.
40) 10) dialog: That’s cause I haven’t been Oh... I’m sorry... liftin-
40) 11) dialog: It’s all good. Alexis looks up at Tyler, and they just stare at each oth moment... Tyler runs his hand through her hair and she sm Tyler leans in and they kiss... Soon, Tyler leads it to m out... Alexis stops kissing and puts her head down.
40) 13) dialog: Why? It’s been forever... We can go over to Mean Green... What’s going on?
40) 14) dialog: ... I know you’re under a lot What? About what? What’s of pressure right now, but going on?? Are you okay? I’m really getting scared-
40) 16) dialog: What? 31.
40) 18) dialog: Well... how late is it?
40) 19) dialog: Like... two weeks or a little Shit... more. I’m not sure-
40) 21) dialog: Hey, don’t be scared... And you can always talk to me. Okay? I’m here... We will figure this out. We are in this together... I promise... Will you just look at me? Alexis looks up and she has a few tears in her eyes.
40) 22) dialog: Don’t cry! Everything is gonna be okay... I promise... It’s okay... Tyler kisses Alexis’s head and she nods. Alexis falls bac and he holds her tight... Tyler’s eyes well up a bit. He seeing Alexis cry... ‘Rushes’ rises and takes over... Tyler and Alexis swim in the ocean together... They hold and kiss...
40) 23) dialog: I love you...
40) 26) dialog: Those assholes- It’s okay- Just don’t look at em. Tyler pulls into the small parking lot and past a securit
40) 27) dialog: Should I just drop you off Drop me off?! and find park- I don’t know- I can find There's parking right here! parking- Just park here! Fuck- okay... Tyler parks in front of the building, not far from the pr
41) 0) text: Alexis and Tyler make their way to the front door as the heckle them:
42) 0) text: Tyler and Alexis walk into a full waiting room.
42) 2) dialog: What’d they say? I gotta fill all this out...
42) 3) dialog: Okay... How long’s the wait?
42) 6) dialog: You okay? Alexis shakes her head and then returns to her paperwork. his hand on her shoulder... Tyler looks up at a clock on SLOW ZOOM into the clock. It’s 4. On a normal day, he’d b wrestling practice right now...
42) 9) dialog: Are you- Can we please go??
42) 10) dialog: Uhh okay... (under his breath) Did you do it?
42) 11) dialog: Can we please leave?! Okay... Okay...
43) 0) text: Alexis and Tyler walk outside and head to their car as th protestors return to heckling...
43) 3) dialog: It’s okay, babe... It’s okay... What happened? Alexis continues to cry and she shakes her head.
43) 4) dialog: I couldn’t do it- What?! I couldn't do it... Fuckin hell... Babe, I don’t wanna go back there! Why didn’t you just do it and get it over with?!
43) 6) dialog: Okay- But- We talked about it- We made a decision! What more is there to talk about?!
43) 8) dialog: I’m not!
43) 10) dialog: No, I'm not?!
43) 12) dialog: Okay... I’m sorry. money back?
43) 14) dialog: Sorry- I’m sorry... I know, I know... 35.
43) 16) dialog: What are you talking about?!!
43) 17) dialog: 
43) 20) dialog: It doesn’t matter- Are you being serious right now?!
43) 21) dialog: Yes- I can’t believe I’m having this conversation- My mom had an abortion and she said she regretted it the I don’t give a shit! This rest of her life- isn’t about your fuckin mom! We are seniors in highschool! We're going to college next year! This would ruin all of that.
43) 23) dialog: Why would I care about an insane person's point of view-
43) 24) dialog: Stop the car- No!
43) 26) dialog: I’m not being an asshole. I’m being realistic. You’re just too stupid to know the difference.
43) 27) dialog: Stop the car! No- STOP THE FUCKING CAR!! FINE. 36. Tyler pulls over, and Alexis gets out and begins walking. sits and watches Alexis wipe away tears as she walks away he went too far... Tyler pulls up and rolls down the wind
43) 28) dialog: Please... Just get back in the car... Okay?... I‘m- Just get in and I‘’1ll take you home. Alexis ignores him...
43) 29) dialog: Alexis- Please- I need to be alone- Lex- JUST LEAVE, TYLER!
43) 30) dialog: Fine! Fuck it. Tyler takes off and leaves Alexis in his rear view... INT. TYLER’S ROOM - NIGHT Tyler takes off his sling and puts on his old wrestling s Tyler picks up two dumbbells and curls the weight up... T go up to a shoulder press and he drops the weight in pain Tyler sits down and taps his leg. A pain hits his chest a to breathe. Tyler gets out his Altoids can and takes a fe Tyler gets on his phone and scrolls through photos of him together... There’s one of the two of them in rodeo outfi at Alexis’s smile. A wave of regret hits... Tyler texts A
43) 31) dialog: Can we talk? Tyler waits... He rubs his chest in pain. Tyler digs thro drawer and finds an old prescription bottle. Tyler takes people that know pills, they will recognize this as LEXAP pours the rest of the pills into his Altoids can.
43) 32) dialog: Are you still not talking to me??? Did you get back okay???? Tyler waits... Still no response... Tyler texts:
43) 33) dialog: What you boys gettin into? Yeet
44) 0) text: The beat hits and we are on the beach with Tyler at a bon Everyone is illuminated, in the dark of the night, by the fire. Tyler looks like he’s buzzing hard while he’s rappi
44) 1) dialog: +. Martin had a dream! KENDRICK HAVE A DREAM... All my life I want money and power. Respect my mind or die from lead shower. I pray my DICK get big as the Eiffel Tower, so I can fuck the world for SEVENTY-TWO HOURS... Tyler continues to rap with the lyrics...
44) 2) text: Boys tackle each other on the beach as kids party around We see CLOSE UPS of Tyler doing shots, drinking beer, etc * NOTE * Anytime substances are involved, we are back to lenses On the second verse, ‘Backseat Freestyle’ starts slowing ... EXTREME SLOW MOTION as we follow a smoke trail... .+.. The smoke trail leads to a joint.... wees The joint is passed to Tyler..... eee eee Tyler takes a big hit....... eee ee eeee Tyler takes a long sip of beer and looks arou continues to slow and the EXTREME SLOW MOTION is giving e it’s own kind of haunting beauty. Kids are laughing, drin smoking around the fire....... cece eee eee eee eens eee ee eens SLOW ZOOM into Tyler’s face as ‘Backseat Free fading out and a drone is taking over... Tyler closes his looks like he’s about to fall asleep............ eee eeee Tyler slowly opens his eyes to see Alexis sittin from him on the other side of the fire..............- .-+. Alexis and Tyler just stare at each other, and then begins to let big pain come to the surface. She looks hea This hits Tyler right in his gut...... What the fuck?! ‘America’ by The Shoes slams on and Tyler opens his eyes, REAL TIME. Tyler looks up to see Ryan and Derek:
44) 4) dialog: Oh, fuck off- Let’s go. We're leaving.
44) 6) dialog: Every time I try to open my You're gone, bruh! eyes, they just close- I can’t open my eyes-— Tyler and Ryan are cracking up... Tyler puts his whole he window and screams into the night:
44) 7) dialog: 
45) 0) text: The music cuts out and Tyler throws up all over the bathr Soon, the bathroom door opens and we see a groggy Emily. pills on the floor and puke everywhere.
45) 2) dialog: I couldn’t make it.
45) 4) dialog: What’d I do? Where’s your sling? What'd I do?? Shhh, it’s okay... 39. Emily’s cat wobbles into the bathroom and smells the thro
45) 7) dialog: I’m sorry.... I’m so sorry... FADE TO COLORS... INT. TYLER’S BEDROOM - LATER THAT DAY ‘Focus’ by H.E.R. fades in as Tyler sits on his bed and t Tyler stares at his school books, but he can’t bring hims touch them... Tyler looks over at a bulletin board on the full of pictures... Tyler focuses on a photo of Alexis. S beautiful. Tyler takes in the image for a good beat and h to himself... Tyler gets on his phone and texts Alexis:
45) 8) dialog: Look... | was an asshole but this is stupid the dance is and we should be there together. We can figure this out. Seriously. I’m sorry babe. | really am. | shouldn’t of fr and left you. Can we please just talk??? Tyler waits... Alexis begins typing...
45) 10) dialog: I’ve missed you so much | missed you too | just needed time | know. | get it We need to talk about everything Yeah | know I’ve made my decision... | just hope you’ll be supportive Dread hits Tyler in the pit of his stomach. 40.
45) 11) dialog: What’s your decision? You promise you wont get mad and just talk? Frustration is building in Tyler.
45) 12) dialog: Yeah | promise | want to keep it Thanks for including me Well it’s my body. It’s my decision It’s half mine! | think | should be included in the i ision! ducking decision! You said you weren’t gonna get mad Tyler begins pacing as he calls Alexis... It rings and go voicemail... Tyler sits back down.
45) 13) dialog: Will you just pick up???? | don’t wanna talk when your mad Well we shouldn’t talk about this over fucking text! ueking rex Your just gonna be a jerk and try to make me change my mind Where are you??? Are you home????? Tyler waits... No response from Alexis.
45) 14) dialog: I’m coming over No your not. My parents are home. They know too and they are supportive unlike you Are you serious right now?                        ! Yes they understand and support me What did you do                        ! I’m done. | don’t want to talk to you . anymore We are talkin now y .- No response from Alexis... Tyler hits his desk with hi 41. The song changes over to ‘IFHY’ by Tyler, The Creator...
45) 15) dialog: 
45) 19) dialog: 
46) 0) text: We fade up on kids, in nice dresses and fancy suits, posi photos. Alexis is in a beautiful red dress posing with a not Tyler. Tyler’s friends and sister are there as well.. INT. TYLER’S ROOM —- CONTINUOUS We see the actual photos and videos that everyone has bee Snapchat, as we pull back from a cracked phone screen... scrolling through everything. Tyler is drinking Vodka fro bottle... 42. He takes another pull of Vodka and we PUSH INTO the back to enter an extended MONTAGE that will build, with the mu intercut between everyone attending the dance and Tyler i 1) Suburb streets - The CAMERA flies through the air and the back of the party bus... We push through the party bu everyone laughing and dancing while passing around bottle The CAMERA pans from Emily to Alexis drinking with her da the party bus is arriving at the dance... 2) Tyler's Room - The CAMERA pans through Tyler’s room un Tyler pacing and drinking Vodka. Tyler takes his sling of his shoulder around. Tyler takes an assortment of pills.. his bottle of Adderall, splits a capsule, and snorts it. 3) Dance - Alexis is having a blast as she dances with he all of her friends. The CAMERA flies around everyone... 4) Tyler's Room - Tyler is on the floor doing crunches... into Tyler’s face as he closes his eyes... Images flash t Tyler's head of the good and bad times with Alexis: Smili laughing, screaming, going to the beach, going to the abo etc... Tyler paces around his room in a 360... 5) Dance - The CAMERA pans in a 360 as we see everyone me and having a blast... We see Tyler’s friends... Emily and 6) Tyler’s Bathroom - The CAMERA pans from the bathroom m Tyler putting on his letter jacket and fixing his hair. H wearing his sling. He looks drunk and high... 7) Dance Bathroom - Alexis is fixing her makeup in the mi Soon, Emily comes out of a stall and goes to the mirror n Alexis. They both smile at each other.
47) 0) text: SLOW ZOOM as everyone slow dances. The CAMERA focuses in dancing with her date. The closer we get, we realize Alex like she wishes she was dancing with Tyler... INT. TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE —- CONTINUOUS Tyler leaves his room and walks down the stairs... Tyler bottom of the stairs and turns on a light. No one is arou parents must be in their bedroom. Tyler heads to his dad’ shuts the door behind him... 43. Tyler digs through the drawers in his dad’s office. He’s for something... Tyler stops. He’s found the keys to his turns around and opens the office door- The music cuts ou is standing there, in her pajamas, looking confused.
47) 4) dialog: I need to go to the store.
47) 8) dialog: 
47) 9) dialog: Give them to me. No. Tyler- I need to go.
47) 11) dialog: Bullshit. Watch me- Watch your mouth! Ronald comes from around the corner, shirtless and withou knee brace. Tyler’s eyes well up...
47) 15) dialog: This is bullshit. Don’t talk to your mother that way!
47) 16) dialog: She's not my mom. You’re not Like it or not, I raised you my fucking mom-
47) 17) dialog: My real mom is dead! She I am your mother, Tyler- wasn’t a condescending bitch that treated me like a fuckin child- You're pathetic! You I am your mother! aren’t a woman! You can’t even have kids- Can’t even have kids-
47) 20) dialog: 
47) 22) dialog: 
47) 24) dialog: ARE YOU DRUNK?! Yeah, I’m fuckin drunk! FUCK
48) 0) text: Alexis, Emily, and Tyler’s friends are all leaving the da heading toward the party bus... EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald runs to his car... He gets in and slams the door s INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS The CAMERA spins around Catherine as she runs through the her cell phone... She dials a number and waits...
49) 7) text: * NOTE * This will _be one unbroken take from the time Ty of his truck, until now. As the CAMERA pushes down the ha black bars at the top and bottom of the screen begin to c ‘Be Above It (Erol Alkan Rework)’ by Tame Impala slams on Tyler is drinking even more in the kitchen. He does a sho a beer as a chaser. Now, there is a trippy strobe tight h dance floor. Tyler closes his eyes... Images flash throug mind of him and Alexis the last time they were in the oce ove...
50) 0) text: The CAMERA pans from the night and through Ronald’s car t still driving, on the phone with Catherine. The CAMERA co pan past Ronald and into the front windshield, so that we merging onto the same highway Tyler was on.. INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler shuts a bathroom door and heads to the toilet to pe «+. Soon, Tyler stumbles up to the sink and washes his ha stares down at his hands and sees his calluses are almost remembers how much Alexis hated them, because they made h rough... 48 FPS as Tyler slowly looks up into the mirror. ‘GHOST!’ by Kid Cudi comes on in the distance of the part as Tyler continues to stare at his own reflection. He loo A ghost of his former self... * NOTE * The black bars at the top and bottom of the scre finished closing in. We are now in 3.0:1 aspect ratio 48. INT. DOWNSTAIRS IN SANTIAGO’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS we eeee Tyler walks through the party with the strobe lig everything in SLOW MOTION. The CAMERA pans through the da with kids dancing and sweating in SLOW MOTION, to find Em on a couch at the back of the living room.......... eee e eee eeee Emily is sweating and trying to cool down. the trippy strobe light bounce off the tile to create hal patterns... She starts to feel nauseous... She looks up a
50) 1) text: standing in the corner of the living room.............. eee ec eee seeeee The CAMERA pushes into a CLOSE UP of Ty looks up_at the top of the stairs to see Alexis exiting t from earlier and heading to the StairsS...........000eeee The hook hits and everything goes back to REAL TIME as Al downstairs. qyler keeps his focus on Alexis as she makes her way into Alexis seems to be looking for drinks in the kitchen frid leaves and heads towards fhe back garage. Tyler follows a distance... Emily watches all of this unfold...
51) 0) text: Tyler enters the garage and shuts the door behind him. Th off in the distance of the party now...
51) 1) text: Alexis gets several wine coolers and then closes the refr to see Tyler. She is shocked:
51) 2) dialog: What are you doing here- Should you be drinking?
51) 4) dialog: You told your parents without talking to me?
51) 5) dialog: I- You block me? I try to talk Tyler- to you and you block me- Did you fuck him?
51) 7) dialog: You fuck him?
51) 8) dialog: What are you talking about? You did. Didn’t you?!
51) 10) dialog: How was he? WHO? !
51) 12) dialog: I fuckin saw you. I saw you upstairs.
51) 14) dialog: Bullshit!
51) 17) dialog: The fuck are you talking I’m done! I’m done with you! about?!! We are over!
51) 18) dialog: Look- Look- Listen to me- Lex we can keep it! We can keep it! We don’t have to get a fuckin abortion-
51) 20) dialog: What you mean look at me?! I’m fuckin here for you bitch- Alexis instantly slaps Tyler across the face and pushes f
51) 21) dialog: Don’t fuckin call me a bit- Stop- Stop!
51) 23) dialog: What the fuck are you saying?! Alexis tries to go again and Tyler physically stops her. pulls free and slaps Tyler again-
51) 24) dialog: 
51) 26) dialog: 
51) 32) text: head... It’s utterly devastating... Tyler walks over to Alexis and cries over her body. Tyler much he almost looks like a broken child... Tyler tries t up:
51) 33) dialog: Lexis.... Lex... Please... Wake up Wake up! Please! Lex.... I’m sorry... I’m so sorry- All of a sudden, the door swings open. A girl is standing shock and then she lets out a HORRIFIED SCREAM! * NOTE * now in 1.33:1 aspect ratio and handheld INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Emily is still sitting on the ne wal room couch when she scream. She stands up and begins walking behind a bunch o towards the garage... More screaming:
52) 0) text: We see a quiet, pitch black night... In the distance we c siren. The sound gets louder until flashing red and blue illuminate the darkness. An ambulance begins to come into ‘The stars In His Head (Dark Lights Remix)’ by Colin Stet as the CAMERA is right in front of a speeding ambulance.. INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Tyler is speeding through the streets in his truck. He is between tears:
52) 1) dialog: WHAT’D I DO?! WHAT THE FUCK DID I DO?!! INT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Police and paramedics arrive on the scene and enter the h ells out to them as she cries right next to Alexis. Alexi arely breathing. INT. RONALD’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Ronald is finally arriving, and he sees the flashing sire hits him right in his gut... INT. TYLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Tyler is still speeding. He is approaching his neighborho
53) 0) text: Paramedics assist Alexis and get her in a stretcher... INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler’s mom turns around to headlights shining through th window. Catherine looks out to see Tyler’s truck shooting driveway, almost hitting her car. 52. EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald leaves his car and heads to the sirens... Kids are the front lawn and several recognize Ronald. Ronald is jo pigcing together the clues, yet praying that Tyler was ne ad nothing to do with this... EXT. OUTSIDE OF TYLER’S PARENTS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS qylex gets out of his truck and runs for his house. Cathe the front door and immediately sees the blood all over Ty
54) 0) text: Alexis is strapped down in a speeding ambulance. Oxygen i pumped to her as paramedics work... She’s grasping for li INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Tyler is in a terrified panic as he throws random stuff i wrestling duffle bag. Catherine is banging and yelling on side of the door...
55) 0) text: More police cars are speeding through the night. The CAME behind them... EXT. ELENA AND BOBBY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Elena and Bobby now have some clothes on and they are hur their car... EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald finally finds his daughter. Emily is sobbing. Rona daughter in his arms and holds her tigh’ Emily is crying that she can’t even speak and tears stream down Ronald’s 53. INT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Tyler opens the bedroom door and pushes past his mom.
57) 0) text: Tyler is running along a canal... A cop car pulls up on t front of Tyler and shines its spotlight. The music hard cuts out. Tyler freezes and throws up his hands...
59) 0) text: Elena and Bobby are pacing around the hospital... A docto EXT. CHANG’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Ronald is still holding his daughter and they are crying Friends of Tyler and Alexis are crying... EXT. TYLER’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Catherine is crying while talking to police... She watche car drive away...
60) 0) text: CLOSE UP on Tyler's face, illuminated by the flashing sir being hauled away in the back of a police car. 54. Tyler looks up and stares directly into the lens. Pain an f111 his face... He is broken.
63) 0) text: Emily steps into the hallway to see B.K. shaking towards Tyler's bedroom. Emily walks down the hallway and picks u listens... There is crying coming from the other side of it sounds like Catherine.
69) 0) text: Emily walks past an empty school stadium. The same stadiu used to practice drills with Alexis and where Tyler would A few kids wearing graduation outfits walk past Emily... 58.
85) 0) text: Emily sits in the kitchen by herself, eating an apple... at the old piano Tyler used to play... CLOSE UP of pictures that Emily is studying. We see Emily grandparents, the ones on Ronald's side. Ronald’s father clerical collar and speaking to a congregation. Emily goe another box of photos. She finds a family photo of Tyler children with Ronald and their biological mother. Emily s photo...
91) 0) text: Now, Emily and Luke are hanging out with Luke’s friends i abandoned house. 82. His friends have a totally different vibe than Tyler’s. P smoking and talking, etc... Soon, two more friends arrive bag. Luke turns to Emily:
107) 0) text: We see Tyler go through his daily routine in prison. He t to himself and keep his head down. Tyler walks with fello participates in a group class, reads, does sit ups, etc.. INT. TYLER’S PRISON ROOM - CONTINUOUS Tyler lays in his bed at night. He cries to himself, as h picture. We see that it’s a picture of Alexis. Alexis has across her face. She looks beautiful... 99.
108) 0) text: Tyler sits down at his table in a crowded prison cafeteri SHOT as Tyler prays... Even though Tyler is in prison, we sense that he is pushing forward and trying to heal...
112) 0) text: Catherine walks through the visiting quarters of the pris sits and waits for Tyler... Catherine watches all the dif visitors around her, waiting to see their loved ones...
116) 0) text: Ronald sits in his home office, staring at construction p computer and drinking a protein shake... One of the dogs at the office door to get out. Ronald opens his office do dog goes to the dog gate at the bottom of the stairs and Ronald looks up to see B.K. crying at the top of the stai Ronald heads up the stairs and picks up the cat to comfor turns and looks down the hallway... 101. INT. TYLER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Ronald enters Tyler’s room to see Catherine crying on Tyl Catherine looks up and makes real eye contact with Ronald first time in a long time... Tears begin to well up in Ro looks back at his wife... Ronald puts B.K. down, and he sits on the bed with Cather reaches out and runs his hand through Catherine’s hair. S resist... Ronald lays down in the bed with her... There’s so much they want to say to each other, but inste look into each other’s eyes and cry... In this moment, th words and that's okay...