5) 21) dialog: Ready to roll?
5) 23) dialog: No problem. I have a little surprise for someone anyway. dean steps into the house.
5) 25) text: Poor Mommy is more like it. Sarah closes the front door. INT. SARAH'S FRONT ZNTRY WAY — CONTINUOUS Jean cups her hands around her mouth. 3 ]l— Hellooo? Is there a cute little girl in the house? LUCY runs in from the other room, jumps up and throws her the older woman‘s arms as if they're lovers meeting in an Jean rotates her JUMBO FANNY PACK and tugs slowly on the
5) 26) dialog: Oh my goodness. Look what I found. With the flair of a magician, Jean produces a TINY STUFFE the pouch and hands it to an awestruck Lucy. Lucy A Beaniel
5) 28) dialog: This dog needed a little girl to take care of him. And I knew a little girl who needed a dog.
6) 0) text: Sarah sits at her writing table, her impatience growing b LUCY & JEAN play in the next room at the kitchen table. S her leg, and gently closes the door, She turns and We MOV annoyed face -
6) 26) dialog: We have some very stimulating discussions. You should come next month. We're doing Madame Bovary. You could be my little Sister.
6) 28) dialog: We're trying to get younger women involved. We call them our little sisters. SARAH . I don't know, I read Madame Bovary in grad school, It’s a pretty misogynist text. Sarah slows, squinting at a shadowy figure on her front s
15) 1) dialog: Now, don’t be silly. It'll be fan. The women cross the threshold and inte -
16) 2) dialog: Don’t worry "re not the only little sister here’ thnight.
17) 7) dialog: She just wants a little romance in her life. You can’t blame her for that.
18) 7) dialog: Let's set that aside for now. ghancing at Sarah) I’m really eager to hear what our other little sister has to say. Jean raises her voice to get Sarah’s attention.
18) 8) dialog: I'm not sure if you know this, but Sarah’s got a Ph.D. in English Lit. Sarah startles to the present, picking up her cue.
18) 10) dialog: Well, you still have a lot more expertise than the rest of us. Mary Ann rolis her eyes at this. Then levels them at Sara Sarah smiles at Mary Ann, as if the two of them are frien
22) 0) text: Jean, holding Lucy, tapes colored streamers back & forth room, getting ready for their party. LATER. Lucy watches wide-eyed as Jean opens a tackle box. shelves emerge, stocked with FELT, GLITTER, GOLD STARS, C
22) 2) dialog: I thought today we could make something really beautiful. I've got so many things here. We could make a picture frame, or a jewelry box, a hat? Whatever you like. Lucy smiles,
22) 4) dialog: Okay. Lucy's hand reaches toward the items, hovering over each pausing over a small, unfinished, wooden picture frame. Then
24) 6) dialog: Look who's back.
24) 8) dialog: So how's your old roommate? SARAE . . Oh great, great. Thanks for doing this on such short notice, Sarah reaches inte her bag, and pulls out her wallet.
24) 11) dialog: That's not necessary. Sarah pulls some bills out.
24) 13) dialog: (sharply) Please don’t.
24) 15) dialog: No, it's been very quiet. Jean heads to the kitchen door.
24) 16) dialog: She’s asleep on your bed. We had a very busy day.