1) 10) dialog: I missed you so so so so mich. He buries his face against her chest; she strokes his hea
2) 0) text: Brad, Kathy & Aaron sit around the table at the tail end . BRAD . I think I’m gonna finally break down and get a mobile phone.
2) 1) dialog: Really? Why? BRAD . I have no way of reaching you when I’m out with Aaron.
2) 2) dialog: {to Aaron You're done, right? She rises to clear the boy’s dish, and carries it over to BRAD . . +» you've got one. Don’t you think it's strange I don’t?
2) 3) dialog: Yeah, I do. You just never wanted one before. She wets a towel, and heads back over to Aaron.
4) 176) dialog: Honey? He’s busted.
4) 179) dialog: Where were you? Brad stands in the doorway, and masters what bravado he c
5) 3) dialog: Please don’t.
5) 5) dialog: I know, But he just looks so comfy.
5) 7) dialog: I know,..I just miss him so mich.
5) 9) dialog: But it’s a perfect foot. Look at him. dust look at him, Brad ponders his sleeping child.
5) 11) dialog: He's perfect. Brad sighs and climbs inte bed. Before turning off the Li leans over Aaron to give him a kiss. Good night. Good night. EXT. SARAH'S HOUSE — DAY A formidable colonial on a hilly double lot.
9) 36) dialog: No pasta for dinner, okay? We eat way too mach pasta around here.
9) 38) dialog: I do. That's the problem. Pretty soon I’ll be able to séli advertising space on my ass... I better hurry. I've got a nine o’clock at TAPS. She rises, gathers up paperwork and the breakfast plates.
9) 40) dialog: So did I. But this family’s story just got me... the father was killed ina mortar attack on his base. Left behind a a little boy, and a baby girl. She starts rinsing plates.
9) 43) dialog: _ (reflective) No, it wasn't like that. It was more wondering if she should keep a tradition with her son that she began with the boy's father... said her husband had had a knack for requesting odd Christmas gifts. A scuba suit one year, rappelling gear the next.,.said he wasn't afraid to try anything. Over Brad's face ~ THE NOON BELLS TOLL FROM ST. PAUL’S TO EXT. TOWN POOL — DAY It’s hot, humid, and horrible. The children sit together occupied with their play. Sarah lies on her back BRAD’S T her face. Brad allows himself the pleasure of pouring his eyes over body completely unobserved. Then —
14) 43) dialog: Hi, Mom, I wake you? SPLIT SCREEN - Meet MARJORIE, Kathy’s Park Avenue mother, well read, and divorced. She's up late trying to finish r Galway Kinnell's Black Light. She reluctantly puts the bo
14) 48) dialog: Great he’s sleeping right next to me. What a cutie.
14) 53) text: Football? Honey. Nobody plays football this time of night. |. KATHY ; These idiots do. He comes home with scrapes and bruises all over his body.
14) 55) dialog: He's not like dad.
14) 57) dialog: Well, he’s not.
14) 59) dialog: (fimm) Mom, don’t come up here. MBRIORIE mh I just worry ut you guys. What are you going to do if he falls the test again’
14) 61) dialog: Fine.
14) 63) dialog: (losing patience}
14) 129) dialog: Alright, let's stop there. Kathy and her editor FRANR, 40s and overweight sit in a s room illuminated by two monitors. Frank looks at Kathy, w someplace else. You hungry?
14) 130) dialog: oe oN
14) 132) dialog: No. Go ahead. Frank leaves the room. Kathy stares at the frozen image o face. She reaches for the phone and dials. THE MACHINE PI
14) 133) dialog: Brad?... Brad?... Are you there?.., Pick up. I know you’re there. It’s Aaron’s nap ime {hiding her concern) -» alright, guess you’re out somewhere. I love you both, bye. She hangs up. Glued to the boy's face staring back at her monitor. INT. SARAH'S HOUSE, ATTIC UTILITY ROOM — SAME All hills and valleys. The curve of a hip traced by a fin moves down the waist and continues to the shoulder. Sarah her back, stares up at the ceiling, and smiles, Brad lean they gently kiss. Lovers who are sated, and comfortable l other’s presence. Sarah reaches up and strokes his face. The SOUND of WOMEN'S VOICES IN ANIMATED CONVERSATION.
21) 0) text: Brad puts on a clean dress shirt getting ready for a big days. Aaron sits on the sink watching his father prepare. reaches over and strokes the boy’s mane. INT. BRAD’S HOUSE, KITCHEN — MORNING Kathy & Aaron sit at the kitchen table, finishing their b Brad has his head buried in a pile of jaw books - last mi cramming.
21) 1) dialog: Well, I have a good feeling about this. I'm gonna buy a bottle of champagne. We'll put it in the fridge and open it when we get the good news.
21) 3) dialog: This time it'll be different. I can feel it.
24) 0) text: May stands at her bedroom window watching her son cross t door. The iook on her face, tragically hopeful. EXT. EAST WYNDAM STATION — MAGIC The five-o-clock pulls into the station and commuters dis among them. He crosses the platform and makes his way ove family car ~ Kathy sits waiting in the driver seat, Aaron, securely fa his car seat, oblivious to his mother’s hopes and expecta Brad arrives and gets in. Kathy makes a quick study of her husband's demeanor. ~81e
24) 25) dialog: Brad?.. Brad?
24) 30) dialog: Isn't it Sarah? ++ -Sarah?
24) 31) dialog: Yeah, Sarah? From the pool? She has a little girl named Lucy?
24) 44) dialog: Brad's a fantastic cook. Sarah is nearly at the end of her rope, and uncertain how she can endure this very strange dynamic. RICHARD . So, have you seen these flyers with the guy's face plastered ali over the village? Lots of sturm and drang in our quiet little town, eh?
24) 48) dialog: What do you mean?
24) 50) dialog: Do they know who's doing it?
24) 54) dialog: You're biased. {to Sarah) Brad is friends with the guy. They're both on that Committee of Concerned Parents. Sarah stares at Brad, perplexed. fk 7—
24) 74) dialog: I’m really glad they came over. Brad smiles back, confident that his deception has been a #20 over, kisses her on the cheek, then reaches up and ki ight.