4) 117) text: yeah, it's fucking Larry.
4) 122) dialog: Didn't you do that last year?
4) 125) dialog: C'mon, c’mon, c'mon. Brad does as he is told. INT/EXT. LARRY’S VAN ~ NIGHT As Brad climbs in, tarry clears off the passenger seat. H FOOTBALL and a pair of BINOCULARS-into the back, and lift stack of BLUE PAPER.
4) 126) dialog: You mind? He drops the stack onto Brad’s lap.
4) 127) dialog: Imm trying to keep them nice. Brad glances at the top sheet. It’s the same flyer we've throughout the story. His eyes stray to the bottom of the
4) 130) dialog: I am the committee,
4) 135) dialog: iproud) Yea!
4) 137) dialog: (uncomfortable) «eam taking @ little time off. INT. LARRY’S VAN, MOVING ~ SAME BRAD. (somewhat impressed) | How’d you find out about this creep? LARRY . There’s a web site. The state’s required to disclose the whereabouts of convicted sex offenders. Don't you check it?
4) 139) dialog: hey should just castrate the bastard and be done with it, Brad nods as noncommittally as he can. A moment, In the silence, a familiar tune plays softly on stereo system.
4) 141) dialog: (startled) What?
4) 143) dialog: Ah, shit, Larry punches the eject. ~23~
4) 144) text: After a while I don‘t even know what Im Listening to anymore. Larry Stares at Brad, a lingering appraisal. Brad tries to ignore how uncomfortable this feels.
4) 145) dialog: You look good, Been going to the gym?
4) 147) dialog: (to himself} . The guys are gonna love this.
4) 150) dialog: It’s pretty. But it doesn’t have a lot of give. Like playing on cement. They approach midfield, Some players strut up to geeet th CORRENTI, a drill~sergeant of a man, with an off-kilter n COMICALLY NASAL VOICE, DEWAYNE ROGERS, a squat, bald Afri American man, BART WILLIAMS, a no-neck white with thinnin wearing a KNEE BRACE, RICRIE MURPHY, a powerful man with and PETE OLAFFSON, a scrawny man whose uniform is intenti size too small. Larry steps away from Brad and button~holes DeWayne, corr away from the others. :
4) 151) dialog: Hey, DeWayne, I really need to talk to you about the committee. It'd mean a lot to have your support on this thing.
4) 153) dialog: Guys, I want you all to meet our new quarterback, Looking slightly out of place in his cargo shorts and pol Brad stares at Larry in bewilderment.
4) 156) dialog: He played in college.
4) 158) dialog: We're The Guardians.
4) 164) dialog: Why don't we work on some simple pass patterns? a2 Brad hesitates.
4) 172) dialog: I want this scumbag to know I'm keeping an eye on hin. reey sit for a long moment. Ii suddenly dawns on Brad who this is.
4) 174) dialog: It's not a question of want. Larry reaches inte the back seat for his BINOCULARS and t on the house.
4) 175) dialog: Joanie thinks I’m obsessed with this cresp. She thinks if I hada jobI wouldn’t be driving past his house five, six times a day. But you know what? I kinda feel like this is my job. Larry puts down the binoculars and turns to Brad. LARRY . There‘s a roll of duct-tape in the glove compartment. Could you grab it for me? INT. BRAD’S HOUSE, HALLWAY — NIGHT Brad closes the front door removes his shoes, and makes h soft feet up the stairway. One of the stairs creaks. He c
14) 75) dialog: I had no business being out on that field tonight. I let you down. I let the whole team down. I'm Slow and I'm fat and I let those guys piss all over me. BRAD . Oh, come on. That guy was off~sides the whole night. A moment. LARRY . Joanie left me. Took the kids and went to her mother’s.
14) 79) dialog: I don’t know. I was in a bad mood or something? Now I’m fucked. Brad watches his friend - worried. He tries changing the
14) 81) dialog: what? Larry whips his head in Brad’s direction, turning his att completely away from the road.
14) 82) dialog: Who told you that?
14) 86) dialog: {paranoid} Any of the guys from the team?
14) 91) dialog: Good evening, Mrs. McGorvey. We were wondering if Ronnie was home. ( ing) snappin You leave hin alone.
14) 93) text: _ , (io) This is my house. I pay the mortgage, and 3 say who is and isn’t welcome. Larry cups his hands around his mouth.
14) 94) dialog: {shouting} Yoo hoo, Ronnie! Get your perverted ass down here! May steps back inside and tries to slam the door, but Lar it with his foot, and kicks it open even wider.
14) 96) dialog: I hear they’re well-disposed to child molesters. All the air goes out of the woman. RONNIE himself appears hallway behind her, blinking and bewildered, clad in paja
14) 102) dialog: You listen to me, you piece of shit. You stay the fuck away from the Town Pool, you hear me? Or I will personally fix it sc that you no longer have a dick to show anyone, is that clear?
14) 107) text: Larry? (careful) What did she mean by that? Larry looks up, furious.
14) 108) dialog: Oh, don’t pretend you don’t know about me! Everybody knows! Everybody! Larry looks Like he may hit Brad. Brad’s hand slips down to the door, ready to jump out if
14) 110) dialog: I’m sorry...sorry. Brad just stares at hin,
14) 111) text: (nods) .. okay, Larry. Larry stares down at his hands. Then up te Brad. A moment.
14) 112) dialog: I still can still see that boy's face, staring up at me.
14) 113) dialog: by rote Dispatch said there was a shooter loose at the mall,..It was the end of my shift. Ten minutes — ten minutes and it woulda been someone else. Brad watches his friend disappear. All the air is out of Silence,
14) 115) dialog: No. I panicked. There was no shooter. Just the boy. Antoine Harris was his name. Big for his age, only thirteen- years-old. He was a good kid. Thought it was a big joke, waving around an airgun at his friend at the Big 5. They were acting out a scene from some movie they liked. Shop girl saw it from across the way... called 911,
14) 117) dialog: But it wasn’t.
14) 118) dialog: His parents...uh..his parents. I had to — starts to choke up, and Brad looks away, uncomfortable wi this kind of intimacy.
14) 119) dialog: I was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress syndrome by three different psychiatrists, That's why I retired. I couldn't do the job anymore... For a year or two Joanie was okay with me hanging ground the house. But now she thinks I’m azy. ~64~ 65
14) 121) dialog: (snapping) . Like what? Drive a fork lift at Costco?
14) 123) dialog: I loved my job. I don’t want to do anything else. Larry's gaze drifts back to the McGorvey’s front porch.
14) 124) dialog: You ever think about the term homeland security? I mean really think about it? INT. EDITING ROOM — DAY A BOY of 8, TRAVIS, sits on the couch in his living room, dangle over edge not touching the floor, He stares at his The boy looks The boy nods.
25) 29) dialog: {calling out) Brad? No answer. Finally, he spots TWO SHADOWY FIGURES embracing in the EN Larry hesitates, then walks back onto the field, and make toward Brad and Sarah. He stops near the ten yard-line.
25) 30) dialog: Brad? Brad looks up, pissed.
25) 34) dialog: You're gonna come, right? We need to celebrate.
25) 36) dialog: (desperate) You promise?
25) 38) dialog: Well...you got a ride?
25) 43) dialog: Just give me five more minutes he promised he was coming.
25) 60) dialog: Brad,... Fuckin’ Brad, I’m so sick of hearing about that guy... O00H Brad made the Fuckin’ touchdown.... Yeah, you know why he didn’t have the balls to show up here tonight? Because I made the fuckin’ block... that’s why he can’t even look at me, He’s embarrassed to even see me. Larry has worked himself into quite a lather. Then ~
25) 62) dialog: (into a bullhorn)
25) 64) dialog: 
25) 67) dialog: 
25) 71) dialog: DON’T YOU PEOPLE LOVE YOUR CHTLDREN? DON’? YOU WANE TO PROTECT THEM FROM EVIL? May pulls up the SHADE and looks down to see Larry standi of her house.
25) 73) dialog: 
26) 0) text: HOUSE LIGHTS up and down the street domino on. As Larry's
27) 4) dialog: 
27) 7) dialog: I didn’t surder anyone. Now why don’t you go back inside and put some clothes on. 98
27) 12) dialog: (grunting) . Your kids need to be frightened. They live across the street froma pervert.
27) 16) text: I’m doing it. Larry finally sees what has happened, and tentatively mak over. He stares at May's twitching limbs and hears ah AWF NOISE coming from somewhere deep in her throat. Her eyes OPEN, staring straight into his. Her lips are moving, but aren’t any words coming out. He looks scared. ~99..
27) 17) dialog: Oh, Fuck. This is all 7 need,
28) 0) text: GUMBALL LIGHT Rakes everything, People in nearby houses g their porches, Other neighbors make their way down the st a better look at the scene. MAY, attached to 02 and an IV DRIP, lies supine on a GURN loaded into a waiting ambulance by two EMT’s. LARRY sits in the back of a POLICE CRUISER watching it al A POLICE OFFICER leads RONNIE away from his mother’s side toward the front of the house. Ronnie turns his back on t this moment he is only interested in looking at one man ~ LARRY -- locked in the backseat of the squad car. Ronnie’s gaze is filled with an intensity we have never s Larry, sees it too, and is the first to look away.
30) 3) dialog: Ronnie? ERT, MAIN STREET — NIGHT Brad, carrying his bag, walks past the darkened businesse town center. He looks like a robot, or a man heading to t Finally he picks up the pace to his normal gate — breaks and then a full out sprint. ~166— EXT. WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND — SAME Sarah pushes Lucy on the swing. She steals a look at her then glances toward the front gate. She turns back around continues pushing the swing. Her ears perk up at the soun APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS she smiles. The gate clanks open. S and turns toward the sound. But instead of finding Brad ~ It's RONNIE. His hands are buried beneath his shirt, and he is moaning hunched-over figure makes his way past her, and over to t at the opposite end of the park. Oh, my God. Almost unconsciously, she continues to push Lucy. The met rhythm some sort of odd comfort. She keeps her eyes train man, and then steals an expectant look back toward — THE ENTRANCE OF THE PLAYGROUND. EXT, MUNICIPAL LIBRARY — SAME Brad sprints down the street past the library, But at pre moment “G" comes flying through the air on his skateboard right | across his path. Brad comes to a complete stop. H the boy.
32) 1) dialog: i never wanted anything like this to happen. Ronnie just stares at him. Ashamed, Larry averts his eyes, and stares at the ground. and he sees something from this proximity that Sarah comp from her vantage point: beneath the seat of Ronnie’s swin trickle to the below. : Larry’s eyes go wide. He looks up te Ronnie.
32) 2) dialog: (scared) se» ALG you.,.are you okay? Ronnie smiles. He stands up and takes a couple of steps away from Larry. face him, and drops his pants. ~112~ From behind it is apparent he has wrapped his lower extre in rolis and rolis of cotton gauze ~ like a paper towel, texture rapidly absorbing red. Larry stares at Ronnie’s crotch. Horrified.
32) 5) dialog: Hold on Ronnie. I’m not gonna let anything happen to you. You hold ont He closes the door, and runs around to the driver’s side, starts the van, pulls a portable GUMBALL light from under and places it onto the roof.