0) 20) dialog: Mommy? and their mothers are gathered around a picnic table, shoveling CHEERIOS and GOLDFISH into their months ~ Except for Sarah who is crouched down on the grass a few rummaging through a diaper bag. Lucy stands facing her mo anxious look on the chi
0) 25) dialog: I want my snaaaack!
0) 27) dialog: Bad Mommy, bad mommy, bad mommy.
0) 32) text: Alright, here, See for yourself. Lucy looks into the bag, and then throws it at her mother Sarah winds up with thé strap dangling around her neck.
4) 19) dialog: Mommy! Push mei
4) 23) text: Five bucks if you get his phone number. SWING SET — MOMENTS LATER Aaron observes lucy with a certain amount of skepticism a near-unison beside him, He turns to Sarah, his expression serious. How old is she?
5) 17) dialog: I sit on your lap. Sarah pulis back.
5) 25) text: Poor Mommy is more like it. Sarah closes the front door. INT. SARAH'S FRONT ZNTRY WAY — CONTINUOUS Jean cups her hands around her mouth. 3 ]l— Hellooo? Is there a cute little girl in the house? LUCY runs in from the other room, jumps up and throws her the older woman‘s arms as if they're lovers meeting in an Jean rotates her JUMBO FANNY PACK and tugs slowly on the
5) 29) dialog: Thank you, Jean.
6) 0) text: Sarah sits at her writing table, her impatience growing b LUCY & JEAN play in the next room at the kitchen table. S her leg, and gently closes the door, She turns and We MOV annoyed face -
9) 0) text: A KITCHEN KNIFE rips through a CARDBOARD BOX past a shipp from J-CREW. EXT. TOWN POOL — DAY Wearing an unbuttoned MEN’S SHIRT over her BATHING SUIT, through a CHAIN-LINR FENCE, Lucy at her side. An enormous rectangle of water framed by a CONCRETE WALKW the bottom of a grassy hill. A SLY SMILE OF RECOGNITION passes across Sarah’s face. In the middle-distance BRAD AND AARON SIT SHADED BY A TRE Sarah flashes her ID at a BORED-LOOKING TEENAGER reading King novel. The kid waves them in. Sarah takes Lucy strai THE WADING POOL. She attaches a pair of INFLATABLE WATER- iucy’s arms, and sits her on the edge of the pool. She sn glance up the hill toward Brad & Aaron’s tree, hoping to certain someone’s eye. She does. BRAD, shirtless, sits on a beach towel in a patch of shad in her direction. Then looks away quickly. ~49— SARAE sets LUCY into the WADING POOL, and makes a show of with her daughter, throwing the occasional glance up the sure he's still there - He is, pretending to read a magazine.. Aaron in his JESTE stages collisions with TOY TRUCKS. But the boy grows bore teddles over to his father, pulling on Brad’s arm.
9) 4) dialog: Mommy? I havta to go pee pee.
9) 14) dialog: Bi.
10) 0) text: Sarah kneels down to unbuckle Lucy. Both kids SLEEF LIKE Lucy’s head lolling on Aaron's shoulder. Sarah hesitates, uncertain whether to invite Brad in, Thi MOMENT is interrupted by a CLOSE LIGHTNING FLASH.
11) 0) text: The two enter with the kids in tow. Sarah heads straight few paces behind, takes in the place: Expensive, tasteful couple of notches up the food chain from what he is used heads upstairs carrying Lucy.
11) 16) text: fhe tips of his fingers glide across her writing Kable; p Raguin, to a book of English Love Sonnets. The K opens ea marked by an, ag yet, not fully dry rose, pressed against iece: Sonnet 147 by William Shakespeare. Specific Lines a have been recently underlined: My Love is as a fever, The uncertain sickly appetite to p Angry that his prescriptions are not kept, Past cure am I He turns the page to find a tucked-in SNAP-SHOT of BRAD, LUCY at the town pool. The book snaps shut. He puts it back down on the table, like it may burn his h His face a mess of conflicting emotions.
22) 0) text: Jean, holding Lucy, tapes colored streamers back & forth room, getting ready for their party. LATER. Lucy watches wide-eyed as Jean opens a tackle box. shelves emerge, stocked with FELT, GLITTER, GOLD STARS, C
22) 3) dialog: (with certainty) Something for my Mommy.
24) 19) dialog: (muttering) Mommy? SARAH'S BATHROOM — SAME Sarah shuts off the water, squeezes her hair, steps out o shower, wraps her towel into a turban, and gazes into the trying to find that sweet spot, that perfect angle. A tiny knock on the bathroom door.
24) 20) dialog: Mommy? Sarah sighs, and closes her eyes, fantasy interrupted.
24) 22) dialog: Are you coming? SARAH'S BEDROOM — SAME Lucy stands on the other side of the bathroom door. In he project for the afternoon. Lucy I have something.
24) 24) dialog: I have something for you. Silence, then ~ . _ SARAH (0.C. Give me a minute here, okay? Lucy stands there a moment, then walks away - depositing gift onto the bed on her way out of the room. The gitt is something of rare value: Buttons adorning a f which rests a photo of Lucy herself, INT. BRAD'S HOUSE, BEDROOM — NIGHT Kathy and Brad ile back-to-back. Neither one of them can Finally ~
24) 27) text: Aaron was telling me today ali about his new friend, Lucy. Brad, still turned away, grimaces. RAPHY . . She sounds like a sweet little girl... Brad looks momentarily relieved. Then ~- A moment. Silence. Rathy decides
29) 26) dialog: Ko. I will not. 1 a } sadin Please! 5
30) 0) text: Looking wild-eyed and muttering angrily to himself, Ronni through a CUTLERY DRAWER until he finds what he’s looking draws his finger along the blade of a BUTCHER KNIFE, test sharpness. EXT. WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND ~— NIGHT Sarah, carrying Lucy, arrives at the playground, entering front’ gate. Sarah tuens and closes the idtch with a Clan
30) 1) dialog: Mommy, I want to go home?
30) 21) dialog: It's okay, mommy. It’s okay. Lucy continues to caress Sarah's head, and this seems to Sarah raises her head up, and looks at her daughter. Her unwavering, transfixed by the child’s face, which greets unconditional trust. The two suspended together. Nothing Lucy stares at her mother curiously. And it is in this moment that something essential in Sara transforms.
30) 22) text: «+. Oh, Lucy. She leans forward and embraces her daughter.
35) 0) text: On her side next to a sleeping Lucy, Sarah reaches up and bedside lamp. She remains in the tiny bed with her child.