0) 3) text: MARY ANN, mid-thirties, toothpick-thin, uptight, and clad CATALOGUE CASUAL.
0) 6) dialog: I find that strange.
0) 8) dialog: It's oedipal. THERESA . What's the rush? Although, I will say when I was potty training Christian? I opened the diaper and it was huge, like a grown man. Snatches of the women talking begin a slow diminuendo, as to the subject of pre-schools. On the bench opposite the women is SARAH PIERCE, 30. It i Sarah's ears that we have been introduced to these ladies of this, our idea of them may be less than kind. As we PUSH IN on her — A NEW VOICE EMERGES. If 1S , CALM, SUDGMENTAL, IN SHORT, GROWN-UP.
0) 13) dialog: You know what you should de? Set aside a specific block of time for making love. That's what Lewis and I do. Every Tuesday night at nine o’clock.
0) 33) dialog: Wait! This single word radiates with such undeniable adult auth everything stops. MARY ANN ; Troy, honey? Give Lucy your Goldfish.
0) 35) dialog: Troy Jonathan. Give me those Goldfish.
0) 39) dialog: It’s nothing. I just hate to see her suffer like that. Sarah gets down on one knee and begins refilling the diap MARY ANN . Maybe you should make a check list, tape it to the door so it’s the last thing you see before leaving the house. That’s what I do. Sarah looks up, forcing a smile.
3) 5) dialog: He should just be castrated.
4) 1) dialog: Quick and clean, Just chop it off. Then you wouldn't have to worry about notifying the neighbors. SARAR . You know what else you should do? Nail his penis above the entrance to the elementary school. You know, as a warning to other perverts. Cheryl and Theresa chuckle politely at her sarcasm. Mary amused, and fixee Sarah with an icy glare.
4) 2) dialog: You think this is funny?
4) 5) dialog: . {disgusted} Didn’t you tell anyone?
4) 8) dialog: (snapping) It’s not the same thing. He wasn’t doing it to strangers. Cheryl's head swivels as if pulled by a magnet. CHERYL . Oh My God, look! After all this time. There he ig. Two days in a row? Brad and Aaron have arrived at the playground gate.
4) 10) dialog: {suspicious} From what?
4) 15) dialog: (uncomfortable) We've never actually spoken to him.
4) 86) dialog: Ob, My God! Mary Ann’s reaction makes them both start to giggle.
4) 94) dialog: I’m sure your daughter found that very educational. Sarah reaches down for the diaper bag, and turns to go.
17) 0) text: CLOSE ON Mary Ann’s face. She looks offended.
17) 1) dialog: Did anybody like this book? _ Because I really just hated it. PULL BACK to reveal the BOOK GROUP, four OLDER WOMEN, plu SISTERS, Sarah and Mary Ann. They sit around a coffee tab with wine, cheese, fruit & crackers.
17) 2) dialog: It’s 30 depressing. She cheats on her husband with two different guys, wastes all his money, then kills herseif with rat poison. Do I really need to read this? The book group is dismayed by this blunt declaration. LAUREL, @ youthful sixty year-old, ventures a response.
17) 10) dialog: She had a choice. She had a choice not to cheat on her husband.
17) 12) dialog: Reclaiming her sexuality? Is that a nice way of saying she’s a slut?
18) 3) dialog: Tk means she’s a sint.
18) 12) dialog: Some struggic. Sump in bed with every guy who says hello, ~The
18) 14) dialog: Ob, that’s nice. So now cheating on your husband makes you a feminist?
18) 16) dialog: Maybe I didn’t understand the book. She just looked so pathetic... INT. SARAH’S ATTIC UTILITY ROOM — DAY BRAD stands behind SARAH making love, reaching new height abandon, performing an ECSTATIC DUET of GRUNTS, GASPS, an
18) 20) dialog: .. degrading herself for nothing. INT. SARAH’S ATTIC ULILITY ROOM — ANOTHER DAY Brad slips Sarah's bra straps off her shoulders.
18) 24) dialog: I mean, did she really think a man like that was going Lo run avay with her? Sarah is beginning to wonder about this herself.