11) 16) text: fhe tips of his fingers glide across her writing Kable; p Raguin, to a book of English Love Sonnets. The K opens ea marked by an, ag yet, not fully dry rose, pressed against iece: Sonnet 147 by William Shakespeare. Specific Lines a have been recently underlined: My Love is as a fever, The uncertain sickly appetite to p Angry that his prescriptions are not kept, Past cure am I He turns the page to find a tucked-in SNAP-SHOT of BRAD, LUCY at the town pool. The book snaps shut. He puts it back down on the table, like it may burn his h His face a mess of conflicting emotions.
12) 0) text: The rain pours down on the DOUBLE STROLLER — standing sen the front door, INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, UPSTAIRS HALLWAY — NIGHT MOVE down an UNKNOWN corridor. Stop at the end, outside a door. MAY MCGORVEY, 70, small, frail, and fierce, leans i listens. She reaches up and gently knocks. Nothing. She k
12) 1) dialog: (gently quiet) +.»SOn? No answer.
12) 2) dialog: ++ Son? She turns to go.
12) 3) dialog: {almost to herself) +» - dream well, She pads back down the hallway.
13) 0) text: May lies in bed reading, THE FIVE PEOPLE YOU MEET IN HEAV closes the book, and p aces it on her night table. She st the ceiling towards the heavens. A change begins to come She grabs the EAST WYNDAM HERALD lying next to her, and q through the sections until she finds what she’s after. hee
14) 0) text: TICK, TICK, TICK. ANSONIA clocks line every available tab table, and shelf, in the room, Shelf space is at a premiu Most are adorned with HUMMEL PORCELAIN FIGURINES: little charming Bavarian garb depicting the gentle innocence of Afternoon Nap, Under an ella, Star Gazer, Newsboy, Playin a Train, and A Flower for Mother. Someone is a serious co That someone is — MAY, who sits in a swivel BARCALOUNGER with a folded NEWS her lap, a PAD and PENCIL in her hands. She stares across to where Ronnie sits sipping coffee from a mug, and readi of Fortune Magazine.
14) 1) dialog: There are two whole columns of lonely women here, and only a handful of men. The odds are on our side. Why wouldn’t one of these women want to meet a nice person like you?
14) 3) dialog: You did a bad thing. But that doesn’t mean you're a bad person.
14) 5) dialog: You're better now. They wouldn’t have let you out if you weren’t.
14) 7) dialog: Well, maybe if you found a girlfriend closer to your ow age, you wouldn’t have the bad urges so often. ij
14) 9) dialog: What ‘re ye gonna do when I'm gone? Who’s gonna take care of you? Ronnie looks alarmed. He gets up and sits at his mother’s RONNIE ; Whatsa matter Mommy? You sick or something?
14) 10) dialog: I’m an old woman, I’m not gonna live forever. Who’s gonna cook for you? Who's gonna wash the dishes?
14) 12) dialog: You never washed a dish in your life.
14) 14) dialog: No, you're not... you‘re a miracle Ronnie... we’re all miracles. You know why? Because as humans, every day we about our business, and all that time we know — we all know, that the things we love, the people we love — at any time it can all be taken away... we live knowing that, and we keep golng anyway. i don’t do that. A moment.
14) 15) dialog: Now, I'm not asking you to get married Ronnie. I’m just saying put an ad in the paper. See what happens. Romnie sighs; she’s worn him down.
14) 17) dialog: You have a nice smile. Why don’t we start with that? Ronnie seems pleased, but also hungry for more praise. =o
14) 20) dialog: (confident } You're trying to get back in shape. You exercise. : Ronnie beams. May steals a look at her son, then continue INT. MCGORVEY ROUSE, ENTRY WAY — LATER ~ MORNING Ronnie walks his YELLOW SCHWINN ten-speed past the kitche to the front door.
14) 21) dialog: Wait right there, young man. May comes into the hallway from the kitchen.
14) 22) dialog: If you’re going out for some exercise, you can post this now. She hands him an envelope. He glances down the address — The East Wyndam Register ~ ATTN: PERSONALS DEPT.
14) 90) dialog: {sharp and alert) What now?
14) 95) dialog: I’m calling the police.
14) 99) dialog: _ (a demand} Ronnie, you go on upstairs. He recedes back into the house.
14) 104) dialog: Hy Ronnie would never do anything like {pointing to Larry] He did. Larry looks scared for the first time.
14) 105) dialog: {in for the kill) That poor child at the mall ~ (with disgust) What you did to him. It’s his turn to have the wind knocked out of him, May st inside the house, and closes the door with no resistance. INT. LARRY’S VAN, PARKED — MOMENTS LATER A worried-looking Brad sits in the passenger seat staring For once is silent, and entirety still. He stares down at steering wheel like a man who has fallen into the deepest ySs.
23) 0) text: Shaved and showered, clad in beige Dockers and a new coll Ronnie stands in front of the bathroom mirror. May fusses Aa.
23) 2) dialog: Hold on, Ronnie. Just hold on. with a pair of scissors, she cuts a price tag off the shi (bubbly) There. You look handsome. She won’t be disappointed.
23) 4) dialog: I don’t think you need to get into that gust yet. Why don’t you stick to small talk?
23) 6) dialog: That’s highly unlikely. I made the dinner reservation at a restaurant over in Haverhill. Tr jD_OF CHILDREN’S LAUGHTER INT. STEAK HOUSE — NIGHT RONNIE gazes across the place at a nearby booth, where A TWO YOUNG CHILDREN, a BOY & GIRL, ages 9 and 10, start on dessert. The children laugh as their FATHER and’ MOTHER e some kind of game. Ronnie, with great difficulty, pulis his attention away f and takes the last bite of his food. He looks across the SHEILA, who stares down at her plate. She hasn't touched RONNIE’ Sheila? _, (louder) Sheila? This produces the desired effect. She looks straight at R the first time.
24) 0) text: May stands at her bedroom window watching her son cross t door. The iook on her face, tragically hopeful. EXT. EAST WYNDAM STATION — MAGIC The five-o-clock pulls into the station and commuters dis among them. He crosses the platform and makes his way ove family car ~ Kathy sits waiting in the driver seat, Aaron, securely fa his car seat, oblivious to his mother’s hopes and expecta Brad arrives and gets in. Kathy makes a quick study of her husband's demeanor. ~81e
25) 66) dialog: (as if to God} Okay, I'm awake.
25) 70) dialog: {confused} My heads? My God damn heads? She stands too quickly, and has to sit back down to recov takes a breath. Then slowly makes her way to the window.
25) 75) dialog: it’s okay, Ronnie. Just stay inside. May hurries downstairs.
27) 0) text: The door opens on a very angry May, dressed in a NIGHTGOW
27) 1) dialog: You dirty son-of-a-bitch! Get off my lawn! In a frenzy, she runs toward Larry in her bare feet. Who the hell So. you think you are? Mr. High and Mighty? Larry ignores her. (through gh bul horn) NO PERVERTS Av THE TOWN POOL! NO PERVERTS
27) 3) dialog: {shouting} You think you’re God? Far from it. Larry inadvertently addresses her through the bullhorn.
27) 6) dialog: You're the murderer. You killed the boy. Larry lowers the bullhora.
27) 8) dialog: You shot him through the neck. Tread it in the paper. To his amazement, May lunges for the bullhorn, and tries out of his hands. She has no chance against his strength. it inte the air, and her along with it.
27) 9) dialog: (angry) : Give me tne. dust give it to me.
27) 16) text: I’m doing it. Larry finally sees what has happened, and tentatively mak over. He stares at May's twitching limbs and hears ah AWF NOISE coming from somewhere deep in her throat. Her eyes OPEN, staring straight into his. Her lips are moving, but aren’t any words coming out. He looks scared. ~99..
28) 0) text: GUMBALL LIGHT Rakes everything, People in nearby houses g their porches, Other neighbors make their way down the st a better look at the scene. MAY, attached to 02 and an IV DRIP, lies supine on a GURN loaded into a waiting ambulance by two EMT’s. LARRY sits in the back of a POLICE CRUISER watching it al A POLICE OFFICER leads RONNIE away from his mother’s side toward the front of the house. Ronnie turns his back on t this moment he is only interested in looking at one man ~ LARRY -- locked in the backseat of the squad car. Ronnie’s gaze is filled with an intensity we have never s Larry, sees it too, and is the first to look away.