0) 28) text: pleading)» Just calm down. No! No calm down! It's not here. i Sarah hands her the bag.
0) 32) text: Alright, here, See for yourself. Lucy looks into the bag, and then throws it at her mother Sarah winds up with thé strap dangling around her neck.
4) 7) dialog: He should have been castrated.
4) 9) dialog: Maybe he just needed a vacation.
4) 13) text: Tt’s a dirty job. (chuckling) . But someone’s gok to do it. As Brad and Aaron pass the women on their way over to the set, the trio go completely silent ~ pretending not to no Sarah wetches them ~ amused.
4) 16) dialog: You're kidding right?
4) 20) dialog: Alright. I’Li be right there. Sarah smiles at the women, wondering how they'll react to proximity to “The Prom King." As she rises to go, Theresa waits THERESA (0.C.}
4) 22) dialog: What? Theresa holds up her WALLET, smixking like a schoolgirl.
4) 23) text: Five bucks if you get his phone number. SWING SET — MOMENTS LATER Aaron observes lucy with a certain amount of skepticism a near-unison beside him, He turns to Sarah, his expression serious. How old is she?
4) 24) dialog: (coaxing) | . Lucy, honey. Tell the nice boy how old you are.
4) 33) dialog: Only for the last few weeks. We used to go to the one over on Harris, with the big wood things, and the slide across.
4) 36) dialog: You make them nervous.
4) 42) dialog: Oh, wow. Like, Michael Moore? Like, PBS. SARAH . Oh... well, I think it’s admirable that ou‘re here, There's no reason men can’t primary caregivers.
4) 44) dialog: Maybe you just don't want to be a lawyer. Brad looks momentarily startled by this suggestion.
4) 47) dialog: I couidn‘t help poticing your stroller. Do you have another child’
4) 49) dialog: Lucy refuses to be put into a stroller, or @ car seat. We have to walk everywhere. Tt takes us half an hour to go three blocks, unless I carry her.
4) 58) dialog: Yeah, you too. He starts to leave.
4) 61) dialog: {conspiratorial} Come here.
4) 66) dialog: The Prom King.
4) 68) dialog: They mean it as a compliment. You’re a big character in their fantasy lives.
4) 70) dialog: One of them bet me five dollars I couldn’t get your phone number.
4) 72) dialog: Yep. Brad shoots another look at the women.
4) 74) dialog: {right back at him) It could be arranged. A moment.
4) 75) dialog: Doesn’t have to be your real number.
4) 78) dialog: Oh, shit. Neo, no I don’t.
4) 92) dialog: +e -¥eD, sum hmmm. He sets off without another word. Sarah watches his broad as be pushes the stroller past the other mothers, and out gates. She turns to Lucy, sitting motionless in the swing, watch sight as her mother, her feet kicking dreamily in the air
4) 93) dialog: Let's go. She gathers Lucy from the swing, and carries her like a p oversized luggage back to the bench to retrieve her thing burning with pride and with shame. cheryl and Theresa huddle with their children, staring at comp: ete bewilderment. Flanked by Troy and Isabelle, Mar urious.
4) 95) dialog: His name‘s Brad, He's a lawyer. And he’s really very nice. Sarah picks up Lucy and heads home. EXT. FIELD — DAY Sarah sits under a tree trying her level best to read Mar Atwood’s The Handmaid's Tale. After a moment, she puts it gazes off, distracted.
5) 16) dialog: In a minute. Lucy pulls at Sarah's notebook.
5) 18) text: i said in a minute. Now go on, finish your program. Go. The child retreats. Sarah returns to her studies.
5) 22) dialog: Could you wait a few minutes? Richard’s barricaded in the upstairs office finishing up some stuff for work.
5) 24) dialog: She's a terror tonight. I couldn't get her to nap again. Poor thing.
5) 25) text: Poor Mommy is more like it. Sarah closes the front door. INT. SARAH'S FRONT ZNTRY WAY — CONTINUOUS Jean cups her hands around her mouth. 3 ]l— Hellooo? Is there a cute little girl in the house? LUCY runs in from the other room, jumps up and throws her the older woman‘s arms as if they're lovers meeting in an Jean rotates her JUMBO FANNY PACK and tugs slowly on the
6) 0) text: Sarah sits at her writing table, her impatience growing b LUCY & JEAN play in the next room at the kitchen table. S her leg, and gently closes the door, She turns and We MOV annoyed face -
6) 21) dialog: Is this going to take much longer? I’d really like to go for my walk.
6) 23) dialog: i did. {backing out of the room} We need to talk. ~36— SARAH'S STREET — MAGIC Sarah and Jean at the end of their power walk. JEAN | s z tou're awfully quiet tonight. Everything okay? Sarah snaps out of it. What? Yeah. JEAN . You'll have to walk without me tomorrow night. I have a book group meeting.
6) 24) dialog: Okay. Silence. Then. JEAN . You're sure everything’s alright? SARAH . Yeah, sorry, I guess I'm just a little tired... 80, what are you reading? Crime and Punishment.
6) 25) dialog: Wow, That‘s pretty highbrow for a book group. They turn the final corner onto their own street.
6) 27) dialog: Little sister?
6) 30) dialog: Excuse me, Jean. Someone’s at my door. T’1i call you. Sarah hurries off, leaving Jean behind in the street. THERESA from the playground sits on Sarah's front steps, cigarette. She smiles stiffly as Sarah approaches. Sarah stops at the base of the steps.
6) 36) dialog: Thanks. That’s nice of zou. (then, plaintively) You sure you don’t want some tea?
6) 40) dialog: (after a beat) I didn’t mean to kiss him. I don’t even know how it happened. She pats Sarah gently on the am.
7) 1) text: Hello? No, he’s still sleeping... yeah, i'm going through them now...No, I quess I don’t need them...alright have a good — She's already hung up. Brad hangs up, closes his eyes, an himself. He looks utterly defeated. SARAH'S STUDY — MOMENTS LATER AN UNTOUCHED MUG OF TEA on the writing table in front of sits there with a thousand mile stare on her face, Finall up her notebook, and book of essays on Feminist Criticism to get interested. It’s no use. She sets them down abrupt moves over to ~ A SIDE-TABLE stacked with periodicals. She rifles through discards: Ad Busters, Mother Jones, The Utne Reader, The Review, before finding the object of her desire — the lat catalogue from J-CREW. She moves to an old HIGH-BACK CHAIR with her prize, and s browsing the pages. She takes a huge gulp of tea, her lef absently reaches for the television remote, and turns on An infomercial for Nature-Bra preaches "the Joys of perk Sarah focuses on a J-CREW Model clad in a NE PIECE BATHIN SUIT, as the seductive spokeswoman for Nature-Bra points possible benefits of using this product “post breast feed urns her attention from the catalogue to the screen, just to “learn how to order.”
9) 0) text: A KITCHEN KNIFE rips through a CARDBOARD BOX past a shipp from J-CREW. EXT. TOWN POOL — DAY Wearing an unbuttoned MEN’S SHIRT over her BATHING SUIT, through a CHAIN-LINR FENCE, Lucy at her side. An enormous rectangle of water framed by a CONCRETE WALKW the bottom of a grassy hill. A SLY SMILE OF RECOGNITION passes across Sarah’s face. In the middle-distance BRAD AND AARON SIT SHADED BY A TRE Sarah flashes her ID at a BORED-LOOKING TEENAGER reading King novel. The kid waves them in. Sarah takes Lucy strai THE WADING POOL. She attaches a pair of INFLATABLE WATER- iucy’s arms, and sits her on the edge of the pool. She sn glance up the hill toward Brad & Aaron’s tree, hoping to certain someone’s eye. She does. BRAD, shirtless, sits on a beach towel in a patch of shad in her direction. Then looks away quickly. ~49— SARAE sets LUCY into the WADING POOL, and makes a show of with her daughter, throwing the occasional glance up the sure he's still there - He is, pretending to read a magazine.. Aaron in his JESTE stages collisions with TOY TRUCKS. But the boy grows bore teddles over to his father, pulling on Brad’s arm.
9) 5) dialog: Just go in the pool. Lucy shakes her head no.
9) 6) dialog: Really? Okay, ¢’mon. She grabs Lucy, and they head to the LADIES'S LOCKER ROOM UNDER THE TREE, Brad sees his chance to avoid an encounte satisfy Aaron at the same time. He stands, picks up his s heads down the hill toward the pool. IN THE WADING POOL, Brad & Aaron roughhouse and play. Bra engaged with his child, but like Sarah, he can't help wis eyes in the back of his head. He keeps scanning the area, lookout for her. His eyes fixate on the LADIES'S LOCKER R Women and children come and go, but no Sarah or Lucy. Finally Brad begins to relax, allowing himself to become absorbed in play.
9) 11) dialog: {casually) I'm sorry, could you get my back? Brad turns around.
9) 13) dialog: Thanks alot. Lucy? Say hi to the little boy from the playground.
9) 44) dialog: Hot enough for you? For a moment, Brad thinks he’s been caught, but then he r an innocent enough question.
9) 46) dialog: Watch out for that Italian guy. What's his name again?
9) 48) dialog: Yeah. Remember what happened to your knee last week? She lays the back of her hand surreptitiously on his ches
9) 49) dialog: You should be careful, Brad. He stares at her hand just as she moves it away. ‘ll be careful.
9) 65) dialog: We better get going.
9) 67) dialog: It'll be faster, BRAD . That’s crazy. Put her in the stroller. Sarah glances at the stroller. BIG BEAR stares back.
9) 68) dialog: She won't do the stroller.
9) 73) dialog: Okay, Then run, quick. —4g— EXT. SARAH'S STREET — LATER Brad pushes the double stroller at a fast clip. Sarah, ca Bear in her arms, leads him toward her house.
10) 0) text: Sarah kneels down to unbuckle Lucy. Both kids SLEEF LIKE Lucy’s head lolling on Aaron's shoulder. Sarah hesitates, uncertain whether to invite Brad in, Thi MOMENT is interrupted by a CLOSE LIGHTNING FLASH.
11) 0) text: The two enter with the kids in tow. Sarah heads straight few paces behind, takes in the place: Expensive, tasteful couple of notches up the food chain from what he is used heads upstairs carrying Lucy.
11) 3) dialog: ._ , (whispers) This is amazing. She never naps.
11) 10) dialog: Richard does alright for himself. The comment is not meant to intimidate, but it does.
11) 12) dialog: Lies. . ghey stand there staring at each other. Puddles forming a eet.
11) 15) dialog: nervous} Right. I'll just put the children’s things in the dryer, and get us some towels. She heads out of the room quickly, leaving Brad alone. He looks off the main entry way to a succession of small open door leads to the first room situated behind a back clearly what was at one time quarters for a maid. He step Nothing much to see. On the other side of the room is ano gH htly ajar. He wanders in that direction, and opens the inding ~ SARAH‘S STUDY ue steps into the room, and takes a quick inventory of th place. He moves toward her old high-back, and pushes a finger in the many holes in its torn fabric. One of SARAH'S SCARVES is draped across the top of the ch places bis palm underneath the garment —- the material ca nis hand. At the base of a VASE full of FRESH FLOWERS lie Sarah’s R GLASSES .
14) 26) dialog: No mattress, C'mon lie down. hey fall onto a mattress on the floor, suxrounded by dong attic storage. Boxes, and things once belonging to Richar
14) 29) dialog: The game. Don’t worry. You're gonna be great tonight.
14) 31) dialog: {outting him off} You feel alive. There is something about the certainty with which Sarah s that runs through Brad like a lightning bolt. He looks in and his face suddenly relaxes.
14) 33) dialog: That's good. That’s how you're supposed to feel. Brad smiles. They both roll onte their backs, and contemp act. :
15) 0) text: dean, holding a large TUPPERWARE container of brownies, h reluctant Sarah up the stairs of a narrow two-story affai SARAB ; fou know, dean, I don’t think I’m up for this. ~§7—
16) 1) dialog: {dubious} Really?
18) 0) text: Sarah leans back on the mattress. Brad’s head buried betw ~69-
18) 9) dialog: * Just a Master’s, I never wrote my dissertation.
18) 17) dialog: (breathing hard) Is she pretty?
18) 21) dialog: Ti's a simple question.
18) 25) dialog: {uncomfortable now} .+--possibly. IND. SARAE’S ATTIC UTILITY ROOM ~ ANOTHER DAY After sex, Brad leans back against the wall to catch his Sarah pokes his chest with her foot.
18) 26) dialog: How pretty is she? He stares at her for the longest time. Then —
19) 0) text: Looking haggard, Sarah ducks down in the driver’s seat, t without being seen.
20) 0) text: Brad and Sarah back in their usual weekday spot. They eye warily, as if something's changed.
20) 4) dialog: You really want to know? ~ it sucked. How was yours? Terrible. Surprised, she turns toward Brad,
20) 8) dialog: Just get it over with. You'll feel better.
20) 17) dialog: We should go somewhere, ya know just for a night. Richard's out of town till Friday, and I'm sure I can get a sitter for Lucey. Brad chews this over, then shakes his head.
21) 5) dialog: Can you believe it? Brad glances at Sarah, who looks prettier than we've ever her eyes bright with adventure, stray ringlets and unruly of hair blowing across her face. Her hand moves lightly over his thigh.
21) 7) dialog: You kidding? With Jean there? She just about shoved me out the door. Brad glances back at Lucy‘’s empty car seat.
24) 7) dialog: Thanks, Jean. You're a lifesaver.
24) 9) dialog: i want to give you something for your time. The woman leoks surprised, and somewhat insulted.
24) 17) dialog: unconfortable) Well, that’s great. Thanks again. Jean heads out the door.
24) 23) dialog: What?
24) 47) dialog: Some of the people going after him are just as crazy.
24) 49) dialog: Well, just today I heard that some nut’s been geray-paintin ,the poor guy"s house, pighting ires on his porch, and God knows what else. Brad shrinks.
24) 51) dialog: They think it’s some ex-cop. Kathy glances at Brad.
24) 62) dialog: (reclaiming her position} Not you. Me and Brad. That day at the pool, remember? Brad is unable to mask his discomfort with this question.
25) 48) dialog: What are we doing here?
25) 50) dialog: It’s not real, Brad. Tt’s wrong, and it’s weird, How long are we going to sneak around together? How long can that last?
25) 53) dialog: {cutting him off) . Have what? What is this? Look if that dinner party at your house was any | indication...you seem pretty happy with our wife. I mean you have this perfect ite and I don't want to be the one that... Something comes over him, He can't lose this ground. Not immediatély kicks into high gear. He leans in to her.
25) 55) dialog: What? You...you don’t mean that,
25) 58) text: He kisses her deeply. Then pulls back slowly. Sarah's face reacts with the force of someone who has jus Lotto but has no idea where te redeem the ticket. 9 Gm
25) 59) dialog: {breathless} we sOKay. giggling) Yes. Yes. EXT. “TALK OF THE TOWN” TAVERN, PARKING LO? ~ LATER Larry sits on the curb outside the entrance of the place, His head buried in his lap, like a jilted lover.
29) 25) dialog: Lucy, come on. Let's go. EXT. SARAH'S HOUSE — NIGHT Sarah emerges with the child on her hip, her free hand st with the overnight bag and a Barbie backpack. She barrels Volvo, opens the back door and is immediately faced with impossibility of Lucy’s car seat. LUCy I will not get in the car seat! Sarah struggles to load her in, Lucy goes completely stif straight making this an impossibility. Yes, you will. You will get in the car seat. so
29) 29) dialog: Alright, you don’t have to get into the car Seat. You can just lie here. She lays Lucy onto the back seat, Lucy allows this. 3 Ro, actually... She puts the child down on the floor.
30) 0) text: Looking wild-eyed and muttering angrily to himself, Ronni through a CUTLERY DRAWER until he finds what he’s looking draws his finger along the blade of a BUTCHER KNIFE, test sharpness. EXT. WALKER STREET PLAYGROUND ~— NIGHT Sarah, carrying Lucy, arrives at the playground, entering front’ gate. Sarah tuens and closes the idtch with a Clan
30) 2) dialog: (impatient) In a minute. As soon as Brad gets here. INT/EXT. LARRY'S VAN, MCGORVEY HOUSE — NIGHT Larry's parked outside Ronnie’s house, staring at the fro si OF A RBI RB INT. MCGORVEY HOUSE, FRONT HALL — MOMENTS LATER The entry way is unoccupied. No one moves to answer the d ringing stops. We hear the SOUND of knocking, and the doo opens to reveal Larry. He looks nervous, unsure how to pr without the obstacle of a gatekeeper.
30) 8) dialog: 2+. do you need help? Re looks up at her in shock, and then nods.
30) 16) dialog: {screaming now) Lueyitiit
30) 20) dialog: Get in (ee uk-seat. Set in the car-seat. The child does not fight her. Unto the’ seat, but fer soaking hends nae aness of it. Pi aust for enitars tae. ees orward and begins to seb uncont Lucy looks down at her mother, concerned. She lifts up her tiny hand and places it on top of Sarah’ gently stroking it, back and forth.
30) 24) dialog: Okay, let’s go. Sarah gets to her feet, closes the back door, and climbs
30) 25) text: Her car pulls away from the park, where, for a split seco crosses paths with an AMBULANCE heading the opposite dive Sarah slows to a safe distance before continuing on her w
35) 0) text: On her side next to a sleeping Lucy, Sarah reaches up and bedside lamp. She remains in the tiny bed with her child.