23) 7) dialog: Yes? -Ti-~ RONNIE . . What's the matter? Something wrong with the food?
23) 8) dialog: +e RO, RONNIE. Back at the house you mentioned you were on medication. Sheila nods compliantly.
23) 10) dialog: Oh, all kinds. Mostly psychotropic.
23) 13) dialog: My junior year in college.
23) 16) dialog: +-+3'm not really sure,
23) 18) dialog: I guess. But I was fine when i left for college. Maybe it was the stress of being on my own. Maybe it was a chemical imbalance in my brain. Every psychiatrist I go to has a different opinion. This one gay, Dy. Parris, said I must have been Sexually abused as a child, When I told him I wasn’t, he just said I was repressing the memory. Uncomfortable, Ronnie changes direction.
23) 23) dialog: You do? Ronnie leans forward.
23) 25) dialog: {on a roll now) Either that or leave school, get married, and have lots of kids like my sisters. But I can’t take care of kids. I can’t even take care of myself half the time. Besides, who's gonna marry me? Ronnie takes her in.
23) 27) dialog: ee what?
23) 29) dialog: T haven't had a real boyfriend in six years... not since my second breakdown. Something happened to me on a Greyhound Bus, I ended up in ~ The WAITER arrives, interrupting her.
23) 38) dialog: The last guy I went out with, you know what he did? He ditched me. Got up to go to the men’s room, and never came back. Stuck me with the check. Never said goodbye, never called to apologize. Still nothing from Ronnie. 8 ‘ SHEILA k thi e wasn’ t anyyay. He was this super normal ay, a ETF shot CPA. He dida’t want to dating some psycho. A smile plays at the corners of her mouth. ~80—
23) 39) dialog: But you seem like a nice person. She turns slowly, as if volunteering for a kiss. It is on she sees what he is up to. His right hand begins moving up and down on his lap, and breathing rapidly increases. Shelia watches from the corner of her eye. She sort of hu herself, like a child on a ride that they are frightened will be over soon. Romie looks up at her, his face fierce.