0) 0) text: An EMS "bus" careens around a corner, tires squealing, li flashing, siren whoop-whooping, swooping through Stygian canyons of New York. FRANK PIERCE, 28, drives. He wears dark cargo pants, blac boots, a white shirt with the paramedic badge, "EMS" gold logo on one collar, "OLM" on the other. "Our Lady of Merc Paramedic" is inscribed in white across the back of his navy jacket. On his belt: two-way radio, leather gloves, beeper, drug kit, multi-purpose tool kit, mini-flashlight collapsible baton. LARRY, 35, overweight, his partner for the night, rides t (shotgun), both hands clutching the dash. Frank scans the blurring cityscape for hidden danger. He a young man of slight frame and open face--his life, his possible futures, still before him: behind those open eye beneath those dark shadows: hollowness beckons. Dispatcher's voice crackles through the cab static: "Ladd 4, respond to a 10-22, four flight residential, 417 East 13 Boy, men's room Grand Central, man set his pants on fi Bad burns. 17 David, at 177 East 24, there's a woman who says a roach crawled in her ear. Can't get it o says she's going into cardiac arrest ..." Frank's detached voice speaks over the urban landscape:
9) 12) dialog: One-three Zebra. Zebra three, I need  you.
9) 14) dialog: Zebra, are you there? I'm holding an  unconscious at First and St. Marks.
9) 19) dialog: Answer the radio Zebra. You know  it's that time.
9) 21) dialog: Thirteen Zebra. One-Three Zebra.  You're going out of service in two  seconds. Pause. Neither moves.
9) 25) dialog: Yes, Zebra. You'll be driving to the  man who needs no introduction, chronic  caller of the year three straight  and shooting for number four. The  duke of drunk, the king of stink,  our most frequent flier, Mr. Oh.
13) 1) dialog: 12 David on the corner of Thirty- eight and Two you'll find a three- car accident, two taxis and a taxi.  One-two Henry, 427 East Two-two,  report of a very bad smell. No further  information ... Larry driving at a good clip, riding both the gas and the break pedals, enjoying the newfound freedom of movement.
14) 4) dialog: Zebra. One-three Zebra. (Frank opens eyes)
14) 8) dialog: Male bleeding, corner of Houston and  One. No further information.
22) 8) text: LOVE, a black, tough-talking female dispatcher, comes on radio:
47) 14) dialog: Okay, units, it's suicide hour.  Fourteen Boy, I show you in the  hospital sixty minutes but I know you're in the diner on 14th. Put  down the burger, I got a call for  you around the corner, 14 and 3rd, a  man with a noose around his neck and  nothing to hang it on. Sixteen XRay,  don't even think about getting coffee,  I have a call for you too.
47) 17) dialog: You're in luck, X: your patient awaits  you with bleeding wrists on Avenue C  and Fourth. Frank pulls the IV needle out of his arm, searches the gl compartment:
50) 0) text: Frank smoking at a formica table, his walkie-talkie uprig next to an ashtray. Walls returns with two espressos as t Dispatcher rattles on.
51) 7) dialog: Sixteen XRay, XRay.
51) 10) dialog: First of all, I want you to know how  sorry I am about this. I've always  liked you two. A unit above none, a  legend in its own lunchtime, so it  hurts me deeply to do this but I  have no choice. You must go to Second  and St. Marks. In front of a liquor  store you'll find a forty year-old  male, unconscious, lying next to his  wheelchair. Do I have to say more?
51) 20) dialog: Sixteen, Sixteen XRay. Level One  Emergency. But they're not listening--Frank's off to Stuyvesant Town
60) 5) dialog: Sixteen XRay, a man at the bus  terminal shot three years ago says  his arm hurts. Frank looks at a group of girls exiting an after-hours cl every one a Rose. Rose faces.