6) 0) text: Every large city has a hospital Emergency Room so replete with trauma, violence and suffering it picks up the sobri "Knife and Gun Club." On Manhattan's Lower East Side it's our Lady Of Mercy, aka, Our Lady of Misery. ER: a white-lit cement box painted yellow and decorated w old framed Playbills. Four rows of six plastic chairs fac TV bolted and chained to the ceiling. The seats are fille with backed-up drunks, assault victims and "regulars," bleeding and spilling over against the walls and the floo getting up to ask their status or going out to throw up a have a smoke. Larry and Frank wheeling Burke in, two IV lines, each  connected to an elbow, tangled in EKG cables. Two LACERAT RUSSIANS scramble out of their way as they approach GRISS the large black sunglassed security guard. He looks up fr his television guide:
6) 1) dialog: Hey partner. Your man does not look well. They're not gonna appreciate you inside.
6) 3) text: Griss, let us in.
6) 4) dialog: Things are backing up. Griss pushes a button, activating the automatic door, str the bandaged leg of a man lying down on a stretcher in th hall. Larry and Frank wheel Burke inside. A pleading fami tries to follow. Griss stretches out his hand:
6) 5) dialog: You can't go in there, folks. Mary, John and Mrs. Burke rush in from the street, hoping some miracle has occurred during the drive to the hospita approach the sign-in desk. Frank and Larry pass four stretchers lined against the wa a passage nicknamed "Skid Row" leading past triage NURSE  CONSTANCE's station.
6) 30) dialog: Please folks, step back. (they hesitate)
7) 3) text: I guess there's always a chance. The doors break open. Noel comes flying out, bounces on t sidewalk. Griss, in the doorway, closes the doors. Mary goes over to Noel:
11) 0) text: Griss holding up his hand:
11) 1) dialog: Get that stinky-assed motherfucking bug-ridden skell out of my face. Frank and Larry stand beside Oh slumped in his wheelchair Fellow drunks welcome their comrade from plastic chairs.  Nurse Constance escorts a young man from the triage area:
11) 3) text: He looks pale. You're not eating  enough. You need more fiber. Griss shows young man the door.
11) 8) text: She's nuts. That's why he comes here.  She encourages him. Griss returns as Crupp calls from critical care area:
11) 10) dialog: No way man. Not even in the corner.  Griss cannot abide the funk tonight. Larry and Frank turn, secretly pleased, and wheel Mr. Oh  outside.
17) 0) text: Frank finishes his report, hands a copy to the clerk, loo around the now almost empty waiting area. John Burke slee slumped in one of the chairs. Griss stands at his post. Pulling out a pack of cigarettes, Frank steps outside.
28) 0) text: Passing Griss (reading anti-white agitprop) and waiting r regulars, Frank leads Mary to a small rectangular paramed locker area: sofa, desk, two banks of gray lockers, walls decorated with hospital rules and regulations.
33) 3) dialog: Your friend there just untied the  water beggar. Griss was coming out  to thank her. Probably saved Griss a  murder charge. (about Mary)
46) 0) text: Saturday night at the Knife and Gun Club: the joint is  hopping, the sound system blaring. Frank passing Griss holding back an angry Hispanic man wi a bleeding arm:
46) 1) dialog: Don't make me take off my sunglasses.
63) 0) text: Frank and Tom, their shirts blood-stained, pushing Noel d Skid Row, past Griss, past Nurse Constance. Tom wheels, F carries the IV bag.
63) 2) dialog: Who got that funky motherfucker this  time?