0) 0) text: An EMS "bus" careens around a corner, tires squealing, li flashing, siren whoop-whooping, swooping through Stygian canyons of New York. FRANK PIERCE, 28, drives. He wears dark cargo pants, blac boots, a white shirt with the paramedic badge, "EMS" gold logo on one collar, "OLM" on the other. "Our Lady of Merc Paramedic" is inscribed in white across the back of his navy jacket. On his belt: two-way radio, leather gloves, beeper, drug kit, multi-purpose tool kit, mini-flashlight collapsible baton. LARRY, 35, overweight, his partner for the night, rides t (shotgun), both hands clutching the dash. Frank scans the blurring cityscape for hidden danger. He a young man of slight frame and open face--his life, his possible futures, still before him: behind those open eye beneath those dark shadows: hollowness beckons. Dispatcher's voice crackles through the cab static: "Ladd 4, respond to a 10-22, four flight residential, 417 East 13 Boy, men's room Grand Central, man set his pants on fi Bad burns. 17 David, at 177 East 24, there's a woman who says a roach crawled in her ear. Can't get it o says she's going into cardiac arrest ..." Frank's detached voice speaks over the urban landscape:
0) 2) dialog: (on radio)
0) 3) text: We're there. The ambulance breaks to a halt in front of a row of vinta walk-ups. Frank and Larry jump out: Frank lugs the EKG mo and airway bag, Larry the drug box, yellow oxygen pack slung over his shoulder. Neighbors crowd around.
1) 0) text: Four flights up: Frank and Larry climbing rotting steps,  gray-yellow painted walls, red doors with three locks eac Larry, out of breath, his stomach rolling around like a bowling ball in a bag.
2) 10) text: Sorry. Larry stands, breathing heavy, looks for a phone. Frank t to notice relatives and neighbors standing around.
2) 16) dialog: It's OK, Frank. We can call it. Eighty- three. Frank feels something strange, looks into Burke's pupils, checks his neck pulse, wrist pulse. His eyes go to Larry:
2) 18) dialog: No shit. Larry checks the monitor: the green line up and down. Mar senses a change in status:
2) 21) text: His heart's beating. A distant siren signals the arrival of backup. Frank turn to Larry:
3) 0) text: Larry climbing through the back doors, sitting in the jum at the stretcher's head as Frank hangs IV bags, replugs E wires that have come loose. Frank looks up, sees Mary entering; he takes her arm, tur her toward the rear doors:
3) 2) text: Help your family. They need you more.    Help yourself. Mary steps out, stands in the red flashing light as Larry closes the door, Frank climbs in the driver's seat.
5) 0) text: Larry and Frank's 13 Zebra ambulance lined up beside two  others outside a blazing "Emergency" sign on the crowded  side street.
6) 0) text: Every large city has a hospital Emergency Room so replete with trauma, violence and suffering it picks up the sobri "Knife and Gun Club." On Manhattan's Lower East Side it's our Lady Of Mercy, aka, Our Lady of Misery. ER: a white-lit cement box painted yellow and decorated w old framed Playbills. Four rows of six plastic chairs fac TV bolted and chained to the ceiling. The seats are fille with backed-up drunks, assault victims and "regulars," bleeding and spilling over against the walls and the floo getting up to ask their status or going out to throw up a have a smoke. Larry and Frank wheeling Burke in, two IV lines, each  connected to an elbow, tangled in EKG cables. Two LACERAT RUSSIANS scramble out of their way as they approach GRISS the large black sunglassed security guard. He looks up fr his television guide:
6) 16) text: All right, give me a minute. I'll  kick someone out of slot three. Larry unravels himself from the IV lines as nurse walks o takes Burke's pulse.
6) 22) dialog: You should know. You pronounced him.
6) 31) text: Don't make me take off my sunglasses. In CRITICAL CARE, Larry wheels Burke into unit three as D Hazmat turns Frank to face the room, explaining:
8) 1) dialog: The Chinese close in five minutes. Beef lo mein. It's  been on my mind since I woke. Whatjathink?
8) 3) dialog: Turn here. You missed it. The Chink  is on 3rd. Franks turns, gets jammed up behind a pimp car at Second Avenue B, a corner populated by pushers and hookers. TWO  WHORES stand in front of an abandoned building. Frank tur to look.
8) 6) dialog: Some partner you are Frank. I coulda  walked there faster. I'm starving  and you stop to talk to hookers.  You're making me nuts. Is that what  you're trying to do, drag me down  with you to nutsville? Frank hits the whoop-whoop siren. The pimps in the black jump, look back, realize its only an ambulance, and pull  away.
8) 7) dialog: (slams dashboard)
8) 10) dialog: I'm so stupid. I had beef lo mein  last night. I can't eat the same  thing two nights in a row. It's almost  two o'clock, what the hell am I gonna  do? What you getting?
8) 12) dialog: Oh yeah, you don't eat food.
8) 14) dialog: Coffee and whiskey, lucky you ain't  dead with that diet. Wait, I've got  it. Half fried chicken with fries.  Let's go, hurry up. Come on. Frank speeds up Avenue B. Noel, wearing generic homeless  combat fatigues, muttering to his friends in Hell, passes the sidewalk. Frank notices another hooker, catches her f the same face as the pregnant Whore #2. The Rose face. Hi mind drifts:
9) 0) text: The EMS vehicle is stopped at a fast food joint. Larry or waits.
9) 3) dialog: Turn it off.
9) 5) dialog: You know what. The radio.
9) 7) dialog: Let's do it. It might be a good one.
9) 9) dialog: That's what we're here for. Come on,  Frank.
9) 11) dialog: You're burned out.
9) 13) dialog: You see, he's giving it to us anyway.
9) 15) dialog: (screams)
9) 18) dialog: It's Mr. Oh. I'm not answering it.
9) 20) dialog: Four times this week I've had him.  Aren't there any other units out  there?  Don't answer the radio.  They'll give it to someone else.
9) 22) dialog: Look, Frank, when I say don't answer  it, that means answer it.  (picks up the mike)
9) 26) dialog: Ten-four. (Frank starts the  engine)
9) 30) dialog: It's not our job to taxi drunks  around.
9) 32) dialog: Someone's gonna die someday causa  that bum, going to have a cardiac and the only medics will be taking  care of Mr. Oh.
9) 35) dialog: (hand over nose)
9) 39) dialog: He's drunk.
9) 41) dialog: He's fine. He can walk to the  hospital.
9) 43) dialog: Don't start that. I've seen him walk.  He walks better than me. Frank crouches over Oh, tries to pull Oh's pants over his white, dirt-stained ass. Oh moans:
9) 45) dialog: That's him, Mr. Oh. (pulls at his arm)
9) 46) text: Get up. Larry and Frank get Oh to his feet only to have him stumb over his lowered trousers. This time Frank lifts him, set his white ass cheeks into the wheelchair. They push him t the ambulance.
10) 0) text: 13 Zebra heads up First, double Caduceus symbols shining  from the back of the van. Inside the cab, Larry and Frank lean out the front window to avoid the king of stink:
10) 1) dialog: Faster! God!
11) 4) dialog: (holds up his report)
11) 7) dialog: (to Frank)
12) 0) text: Larry setting Oh outside the entrance, heading towards th all night deli. Frank takes out a cigarette. Mary Burke walks up the drive opening a pack of cigs. Fra offers her a light. She inhales, exhales:
12) 12) dialog: Time to switch. I wheel, you heal.
13) 3) dialog: Relax, will you. Frank places both hands on the dash as Larry squeals arou a corner.
13) 7) dialog: You have no sick time, Frank. No  time of any kind. Everyone knows  that.
13) 9) dialog: You take things too seriously. Look  at us, we're cruising around, talking,  taking some quiet time, getting paid  for it. We've got a good job here.
14) 0) text: 13 Zebra sits in the quiet dark. Larry puffs a cigarette.
14) 2) dialog: Sure, I'm taking the captain's exam  next year. After the kids are in  school, Louise can go back to the  post office and, I thought, what the  hell, I'll start my own medic service.  Out on the Island the volunteers are  becoming salaried municipal. It's  just a matter of time and who you  know. Someday it's going to be Chief  Larry calling the shots. Larry tosses the cigarette out the window, leans against door jab, closes his eyes. In a second he's asleep. Frank turns down the radio volume: the calls are fewer an further between now. Frank leans back, tries to rest:
14) 14) dialog: He's crazy.
14) 19) dialog: He got you. A BLACK PUNK calls from the crowd:
14) 27) dialog: Jesus, Tom Walls, that crazy  motherfucker.
14) 37) dialog: There's a double shooting three blocks- up. First and Third. confirmed.
14) 39) text: We'll do it. Walls releasing Noel as Noel scrambles into the bus, Fran stepping over him, Larry climbing into the driver's seat, Frank closing the doors. Noel trembles:
15) 0) text: Larry charging through the night while, in back, Frank,  stethoscope in his ears, wrapping a tourniquet around the Drug Dealer's arm: he's dying fast.
16) 0) text: Larry pulls into Our Lady of Mercy Emergency. Frank says the boy:
16) 2) dialog: Noel, let's go. Frank turns to his partner:
18) 0) text: Frank exits, lights up. The sky is going blue. Inside the open rear doors of 13 Zebra, Larry mops up bloody floor. Mary Burke, weary, steps beside Frank.
18) 6) dialog: That's it! I can't do it anymore! Mary laughs once, less than a second. She notices blood s on Frank's shirt:
38) 47) dialog: You're in the stomach!
38) 52) dialog: You're in the stomach, man. Frank pulling the tube out, trying again. Somewhere: CY Coates laughs.
38) 53) dialog: You're in the stomach! Let me try.
38) 55) dialog: Stomach again.