2) 0) text: They enter 5A. MRS. BURKE, 55, her eyes run dry, standing the center of the room, surrounded by neighbors. Someone leads them to the BEDROOM where Mr. Burke, 60, lies unmov stretched on the bed. A young woman, MARY BURKE, 24, knee over the old man, pressing her lips to his flaccid mouth. JOHN BURKE, 30, grabs Franks arm:
2) 6) dialog: No more, please don't! They shock him again. This time the body moves less. Fran glances up: Mr. and Mrs. Burke's wedding photo sits on th nightstand. Other pictures: a day at the beach, a young  serviceman, happy parents. Frank's mind drifts:
2) 12) dialog: What?
2) 14) dialog: John, play the Sinatra. John enters crying. Mary repeats softly:
2) 15) dialog: Play the Sinatra. John exits. Frank notices Mary for the first time: blond  hair dyed black, cut short, loose fitting tank dress, bla makeup running down her cheeks. He notices her prom pictu glances back to Mary: it seems she hasn't smiled since th day eight years before. Something special about her, that something that hits you right away. "September of My Years" plays from the other room. Frank  continues massaging Mr. Burke's chest (now to Sinatra bea even though it's hopeless. Larry returns:
2) 19) dialog: Is he going to be alright?
3) 0) text: Larry climbing through the back doors, sitting in the jum at the stretcher's head as Frank hangs IV bags, replugs E wires that have come loose. Frank looks up, sees Mary entering; he takes her arm, tur her toward the rear doors:
3) 2) text: Help your family. They need you more.    Help yourself. Mary steps out, stands in the red flashing light as Larry closes the door, Frank climbs in the driver's seat.
4) 0) text: The EMS bus cruises up Second. Frank checks the side mirr John, Mary and Mrs. Burke pull behind in a black Ford. Se their faces, Frank flips the lights and siren on. It's to late to help Mr. Burke, but it's important to the family  that it look urgent. Frank watches passing lights, cars,  faces:
6) 48) dialog: I know him. That's Noel.
7) 0) text: Checking behind then, Frank stops. Mary pauses before she speaks:
7) 1) dialog: Is there any chance?
7) 3) text: I guess there's always a chance. The doors break open. Noel comes flying out, bounces on t sidewalk. Griss, in the doorway, closes the doors. Mary goes over to Noel:
7) 4) dialog: Noel, Noel, it's me, Mary. From 17th  Street.
7) 6) dialog: (heading inside)
7) 7) text: I'll get you some. Frank watches: Mary returns with a cup of water, gives it a grateful Noel.
7) 10) dialog: It's not so rare. He grew up on our  street. He's had a rough life and  he's a little crazy from it, but  that's no excuse for not giving  someone a lousy cup of water. Mary starts to cry. Frank fumbles in his pocket, finds a  tissue, gives it to her.
7) 11) dialog: My father's dying, Noel.
12) 0) text: Larry setting Oh outside the entrance, heading towards th all night deli. Frank takes out a cigarette. Mary Burke walks up the drive opening a pack of cigs. Fra offers her a light. She inhales, exhales:
12) 1) dialog: It's my first cigarette in over a  year.
12) 3) dialog: It's the waiting that's killing me,  not knowing, you know? It's really  hard on my mother. The doctor doesn't  think my father'll make it. He says  he was dead too long, after six  minutes the brain starts to die and  once that goes, close the door.
12) 5) dialog: I mean if he was dead, I could handle  that.
12) 7) dialog: I'm not so sure. My father and I  haven't spoken in three years. When  my brother called to say my father  was having a heart attack, that he'd  locked himself in the bathroom, all  the way going over I was thinking  how I was gonna tell him what a  bastard he was. Then when I got up  the stairs and we moved him onto the  bed, I thought of all these other  things I wanted to say.
12) 9) dialog: Right now, I'm more worried about my  mother than anything. They won't let  her see my father.
12) 11) dialog: That's what I told her. If she could  just see him a second, then I could  take her home. Larry walks back with a coffee for himself and a brown ba beer for Frank.
18) 0) text: Frank exits, lights up. The sky is going blue. Inside the open rear doors of 13 Zebra, Larry mops up bloody floor. Mary Burke, weary, steps beside Frank.
18) 1) dialog: Hello again. He offers a cigarette. She accepts:
18) 2) dialog: You shouldn't smoke.
18) 5) dialog: That's my brother's problem. He's  passed out inside. Larry jumps theatrically out of the ambulance, swings the mop wildly over his head:
18) 7) dialog: That boy you brought in, he was shot,  wasn't he?
18) 9) dialog: He's dead, huh?
18) 11) dialog: (pause)
18) 14) dialog: Did you see my father?
18) 16) dialog: It's crazy in there. What's wrong  with that doctor? He keeps mumbling,  poking himself in the eye when he  talks to me.
18) 18) dialog: Thing is, I'm supposed to be the  fuckup. The one on the stretcher in  there--that's supposed to be me.  With my parents crying out here. I  got a lot of guilt, you know what I  mean? He does.
18) 19) dialog: My father's in a coma, now my mother's  going crazy. It's like she's in a  trance.
18) 21) dialog: I'd take her, but then who would  stay here? Frank looks at her, trying to say the right thing. He not Mrs. Burke coming from inside.
18) 24) dialog: You saw him?
18) 30) dialog: Thank you. Mary watches as Larry backs up the EMS vehicle, Frank sit in the back with her mother, pulls into first light.
26) 2) dialog: Yes?
26) 4) dialog: I'll be right down. Mary appears in a white sweater and simple gray skirt lik schoolgirls wear. The dark makeup is gone. She looks happ
26) 5) dialog: He's better, isn't he?
26) 7) dialog: I knew. I sensed it when I heard  your voice.
26) 9) dialog: I know. It's awful, isn't it? Night  of the Living Cheerleaders.
26) 11) dialog: I was going nuts in that waiting  room so I came back to check on my  mom.
26) 13) dialog: Sleeping.
26) 15) dialog: You can't kill my father that easy.  He'll fight forever. Like with me:  hasn't talked to me in three years.  But it's okay. Sometimes you have to  put things behind you. Mary steps to the curb, raises her hand for a taxi. None sight.
26) 17) dialog: (looks at him)
27) 0) text: Frank and Mary walking past the triage station toward the curtained corner where her father lies. Next to Burke, Dr Hazmat assists an AIDS patient amid a forest of IV tubing Mr. Burke lies prone, two IV lines hung from poles, intub by a hose running to the ventilator, a NG tube covering h nose. His eyes are permanently half open. Burke's hands a feet are tied by white nylon restraints. Mary takes her  father's hand as Frank pulls the curtain.
27) 1) dialog: Dad, can you hear me? (beat)
27) 2) text: Open your eyes if you can hear me. A nearby patient SCREAMS. Mary Burke SCREAMS too:
27) 3) dialog: He squeezed my hand! Dr. Hazmat and MILAGROS, an intern, walk over.
27) 4) dialog: He's moving, Doctor. He grabbed my  hand. Move your hand, Dad, one more  time.    (Burke's hand twitches))
27) 8) dialog: He hears me. Open your eyes, Dad. Burke's eyes fully open. His cheeks ripple and his lips s against the tube between them. His back arches, his body  shakes, his arms yank at their restraints as if reaching pull out the wires and tubes. Green lights dance across t EKG screen, ALARMS sound: first the cardiac monitor, next the ventilator.
28) 0) text: Passing Griss (reading anti-white agitprop) and waiting r regulars, Frank leads Mary to a small rectangular paramed locker area: sofa, desk, two banks of gray lockers, walls decorated with hospital rules and regulations.
28) 2) dialog: You sure? I know my father would  hate to be tied down. He wouldn't  even go to the dentist. He sits across from her, wishing he could be in three sea at once, each to watch her from a different angle.
28) 4) dialog: He's better, though, right?
28) 7) dialog: Look, I'm sorry, but it's important  to me. I mean, a week ago I was  wishing he was dead. And now I want  hear his voice again, just once more-- you know what I mean? Marcus enters with a small pizza and two cokes.
28) 10) dialog: I'm not really hungry. She says as she picks up a slice of cheese pizza.
28) 11) dialog: My father was a great man, you know.  There was nobody he wouldn't help.  You know that crazy guy Noel who I  gave water to last night? He lived  in our house for almost a year. A  total stranger he'd do anything for,  his own family though ...
28) 14) dialog: Not as good as Nino's.
28) 16) dialog: Yeah, or Saint Anthony. You from the  neighborhood?
28) 18) dialog: On yeah? I went to Holy Name. Where'd  you go to high school?
28) 20) dialog: Like everybody else--except us. Always  standing on the sidewalk waving  goodbye to moving trucks. Your parents 
28) 23) dialog: You married?
28) 27) dialog: Is it always this bad in here? I  mean, how does anyone survive?
28) 29) dialog: How long you been doing this?
28) 31) dialog: Wow, you musta seen some things,  huh? What's the worst thing you ever  seen?
28) 33) dialog: You must get a lot of overdoses. I  bet you picked me up a couple of  times.
28) 35) dialog: Maybe not. I was a different person  then. Does everybody you meet spill  their problems on you like this?
28) 37) dialog: (wipes her mouth)
33) 4) text: Having a tough time of it. Mary starts to run. Frank follows. She pushes her way thr a group of high schoolers; Frank does likewise, keeping h distance. Five blocks later, Mary hesitates at a plaza outside the  Stuyvesant Town projects,
34) 0) text: Frank stops a few steps away from Mary; Mary turns.
34) 2) dialog: (steps over)
34) 5) dialog: Don't say that. I wanted to cut my  father loose too. They told me he  almost died and five minutes later  they say he's better and I go in.  It's killing me seeing him fighting  like that. (gazes up building)
34) 8) dialog: I'm only asking because it's a  dangerous building. There's been  some robberies, a woman was raped  not long ago. This woman I'm seeing,  she'll want to talk to me all day,  but if I can point to you out the  window and say you're waiting, I can  be out quick. if anything happens,  I'll be in apartment 16M.
34) 10) dialog: If I'm not back in fifteen minutes,  hit the buzzer. That way she'll let  me go.
34) 12) dialog: No, I'll be fine. I'm just visiting  a sick friend. She walks into the building. He follows.
35) 0) text: The dinged metal doors shudder shut as Frank follows Mary into the graffittied elevator. It jumps three feet upward stops, then continues, metal scraping concrete at each pa floor.
35) 1) dialog: I shouldn't have asked you to come.
35) 3) dialog: Promise you won't go inside.
35) 5) dialog: I just have to relax a little. Not  feel so guilty all the time.
35) 7) dialog: Don't be a cop. If you have any doubts  about this, it's my fault. The elevator jerks to a stop; the doors open.
36) 0) text: Mary turns to Frank:
36) 1) dialog: You go on home, okay. I'm fine,  really. I don't need you. Thanks. Mary pushes the bell at 16M. KANITA, 25, wearing a paisle robe, opens the doors and says:
38) 19) dialog: (groggy)
40) 0) text: The elevator doors open. Frank sets Mary on her feet.
40) 1) dialog: I can walk. She says weaving out of the front doors.
41) 0) text: Mary walks a Few steps into the plaza, stumbles; Frank ca her.
41) 1) dialog: Let go of me. (he relaxes)
41) 2) text: You shouldn't have come up. I told  you not to. You could have gotten us  both killed. Mary heads up the avenue: past baby strollers, postal wor deliverymen.
41) 3) dialog: You and CY have a nice talk? He tell  you about Sunrise Enterprises, helping  people? Well, I've seen him hurt  people. Why are you following me?
41) 5) dialog: You remember Noel, from the other  night, how Noel is now? He wasn't  always like that. He was my brother's  best friend. Cy or Tiger or one of  those other goons put a bullet in  Noel's head. He was in a coma three  months. Crazy ever since. They stop at a three-story brick apartment building.
41) 6) dialog: This is my place. She unlocks the door. He follows her in.
42) 0) text: Mary grabs the railing, heads up the stairs.
42) 1) dialog: What is it? You want to help me, you  feel sorry for me? Keep it to  yourself.
42) 3) dialog: Or maybe you wanna fuck me? Everyone  else has. Mary opens the door to her first floor apartment; Frank  follows. The room is clean and feminine. Unframed water c stacked against the wall atop a desk. A black lab greets  Mary, she pets him. Frank slumps on the sofa.
42) 4) dialog: I've been clean two years now. I got  a job. I paint when I'm home. Don't  bother anybody. Then all this shit  happens. Frank keels over onto his side, his head hitting a cushio eyes closed, dog licking his cheek.
42) 5) dialog: Oh no you don't. You can't stay here. He's asleep, the sound of her crying fading in his head.
58) 0) text: Frank notices Mary Burke in waiting area with her brother mother and several others. Gone is the lost daughter, the scared junkie. Tonight she's dressed for strength: leathe jacket, blue jeans, black work boots.
58) 1) dialog: Everyone, this is the medic who  brought my father in. Frank, these  are some of my father's friends. Frank greets them.
58) 4) text: I'm going out for a smoke. Mary whispers something to her mother, joins him.
59) 1) dialog: I heard CY Coates was brought in. He  looked pretty bad.
59) 3) dialog: Too bad. He called me up today, can  you believe that? I don't know how  he got my number. He asks me do I  want to come over and see him, I  tell him I'd rather go to a leper  colony. He says there's a new gang  that wants to kill him, take over  the business. I told him I hope he's  right. That they kill him. That's  what I told him.
59) 5) dialog: OK, last night I was weak. it won't  happen again. And all that shit I  said--it was just because I was  stoned. Forget it.
59) 7) dialog: I wish these people would leave  already. I can't listen to another  story. Did you see him? (Frank doesn't answer)
59) 10) dialog: No, we just ate. I only remember how  tough my father was. Now I know he  had to be like that, to make us tough.  This city'll kill you if you aren't  strong enough.
59) 14) dialog: This is not a good time.
66) 0) text: Frank rings the buzzer. Mary, sleepy-voiced, answers:
66) 1) dialog: Who is it?
66) 3) dialog: Come on up.
67) 0) text: Mary, wearing a burgundy robe, opens the door. Frank says nothing. Her expression darkens. Frank looks at her again: it's not Mary, it's Rose. Mary Rose's face.
67) 2) dialog: How can that be? He was getting  better.
67) 4) dialog: He was tough. You did all you could.
67) 6) dialog: You have to keep the body going until  the brain and heart recover enough  to go on their own. Frank nods.
67) 7) dialog: Would you like to come in?
68) 0) text: Rose is Mary again: she and Frank lie clothed on her bed. leans his head against her breast as she holds him. His e close: sleep.