6) 8) dialog: For God's sake, give me some water. From the next stretcher a man with feet swollen purple li prize eggplants replies:
6) 10) dialog: Give me some water! NURSE CRUPP stops Frank and Larry as they approach the  Critical care room. inside, the staff appears as if under siege by a battalion of shriveled men and women lying on field of white sheets.
6) 17) dialog: (to Frank)
6) 33) dialog: Water, water, water, doctor man,  water.
6) 38) dialog: Oh doctor, you are the greatest. You  must help me.
6) 43) dialog: Bless you sir, bless you.
7) 3) text: I guess there's always a chance. The doors break open. Noel comes flying out, bounces on t sidewalk. Griss, in the doorway, closes the doors. Mary goes over to Noel:
7) 5) dialog: Mary, Mary, Mary. I'm so thirsty.  They won't give me anything to drink.  Please, Mary.
7) 7) text: I'll get you some. Frank watches: Mary returns with a cup of water, gives it a grateful Noel.
7) 12) dialog: Oh Mary, Mary, Mary. Noel hugs her clumsily, his shoulders bobbing. Frank watc realizing this is what he should have done for her.
14) 12) dialog: Kill me! Noel has sliced up a tire and fastened the pieces with st over his shoulders. Tin cans circle his wrists and ankles One hand carries a broken bottle, the other a stringless  violin. Frank jumps back inside as Noel rams the window, leaving  stains from his blood-matted dreadlocks. Larry calls for  backup: medics, police, firemen, anybody. The side window glass bends as Noel rams his head against it. Frank reaches for the short club between the seats; N holds the jagged bottle to his neck.
14) 16) dialog: See, I can't do it. I came out of  the desert.
14) 18) dialog: No, no medicine! Noel swings his bloody dreadlocks: Frank ducking, getting splattered anyway, rolling up the window.
14) 21) text: Pop, pop. Noel, spraying blood, chases the Punk. The crowd scatters Noel trips, falls to the sidewalk. Frank, carrying the sh bat, gets out, walks over, hunches beside Noel:
14) 23) dialog: Oh man, do you mean that? (smiles)
14) 26) dialog: I think pills. Yes, pills, definitely. A second ambulance skids to a stop. TOM WALLS, 35, a 220  pound bald-headed bruiser, gets out.
14) 31) dialog: Yes, at the hospital.
14) 39) text: We'll do it. Walls releasing Noel as Noel scrambles into the bus, Fran stepping over him, Larry climbing into the driver's seat, Frank closing the doors. Noel trembles:
14) 40) dialog: At the hospital. You told me at the  hospital. Larry squeals off full gun, all sirens blaring: the Wah, Yelp, the Super Yelp. Strobe bar, side strobes, quarter p strobes. Rock n' roll.
15) 3) dialog: I want to die. I'm the one.
15) 6) dialog: What did you say?
15) 14) text: Hold this--right there. If you let  go, I swear, I won't kill you. Noel holds IV bag as Frank searches for a vein, inserts s IV needle.
31) 0) text: Frank rushing past Nurse Constance, carrying a newborn in thermal wrap, passing Noel restrained on a gurney:
31) 13) dialog: Excuse me, sir, excuse me, I would  please trouble you for one cup of  water. The smallest thing in the  world to ask for, water. A man is  dying and that is me. Noel, his face battered from his encounter with Walls, pu at his restraints, howls:
31) 14) dialog: For days I've eaten nothing but sand,  O Lord, I waited so long. Hazmat looks over:
33) 0) text: Frank turning the corner, checking his watch, about to en the Dark Bar across the corner from the hospital, watchin Noel run past him and away, skipping from one foot to the other.
34) 3) text: I'm all right. I just can't stand to  see people tied up.  I'm in the  waiting room for hours, listening to  Noel screaming. The only reason he's  screaming is 'cause he's tied up.
60) 21) text: Hey, swammy, that's called a  crosswalk. You stop before it, not  on it! Walls turns onto a cross street, spots Noel standing by a Mustang, baseball bat on his shoulder. He wears yesterday blood-stained clothes, cut tires tied to his shoulders an elbows, chest and belly wrapped with steel wire.
60) 26) text: Well, why don't they put him away?  Prisons don't want him. I took him  to the hospital yesterday and here  he is again. Noel reaches the next car, a Bronco, carefully hefts the  bat, smashes it through the windshield.
60) 35) dialog: Strawberry ain't shit. Drug pussy. (heads for the next  car)
60) 36) text: Me.  I swing like Reggie. Mr.   October. Number three, game six,  World Series. Noel hauls back, lays into a Volvo: glass shatters. Noel  holds the bat out, extends handle towards Frank:
60) 37) dialog: Here, you try.
60) 39) dialog: Sure, sure, give go.
60) 43) dialog: Oh man, Bucky.
61) 8) text: To the moon, Alice! You little  motherfucker! Frank charges forward into Walls, sending Tom, the baseba bat flying. Walls on the ground. Frank bends over Noel: N face covered with blood, gasping for air, blowing red bub convulsing.
61) 16) text: We're gonna save you, Noel. You're  gonna be all right. (to Walls)
63) 0) text: Frank and Tom, their shirts blood-stained, pushing Noel d Skid Row, past Griss, past Nurse Constance. Tom wheels, F carries the IV bag.