92) 5) dialog: Word is we have a veteran Beta Sig in our . midst. Which one of you might that be? . Hearty laughter.
92) 7) dialog: No, I know. How are you? Chuck Woodard, chapter president.
92) 9) dialog: And Haggart tells me you’ve never been back for a visit before this.
92) 13) dialog: Well, the place has probably changed a lot since then, but I doubt the food has gotten any better. That cracks Warren up. 64
92) 14) dialog: Have you had much of a chance to look around the campus?
92) 16) dialog: Why don’t you guys take Mr. Schmidt on a little tour this afternoon?
92) 18) dialog: Oh, and be sure to show him Schuyler. Warren has a sudden reaction of horror.
92) 21) dialog: It‘s incredible.
92) 24) dialog: And it was largely donated by none other than Roger Schuyler, an old Beta Sig like yourself. You know who he is, right? 65 Warren looks deeply into his chicken fried steak.
96) 7) dialog: (to the bartender) Did you check this guy’s ID? He looks a little young to be drinking. They laugh, and Warren laughs a little too hard.
96) 11) dialog: Well, since you have been out of school for a couple of years, we want some tips on what to do when we graduate. They laugh again, and again Warren does so a bit too effu
96) 12) dialog: So you having a good time?
96) 14) dialog: Oh, it can get pretty wild sometimes. You'd be proud of us.
96) 17) dialog: ~ and the second letter, Sigma, is the eighteenth letter of the Greek alphabet. As you math types know -- but I'll say it for the benefit of us normal people -- Sigma, in math, is the mathematical symbol meaning the “summation of all the figures in a problem.” So I want you new pledges and little sisters to remember that as Beta Sigmas we are a whole; we are the summation of all our component parts.
96) 21) dialog: -and no, he’s not some graduate student crashing the party. Warren gets a big kick out of that. 70 CHUCK (CONT’D) He’s one of us -- a veteran Beta Sig brother from yesteryear who represents our very special heritage. Warren is listening but also still going over the speech CHUCK (CONT’D) You know, the men of Beta Sigma are a unique breed who leave their unmistakable stamp on history. Beta Sigs are found in every walk of life and in all fifty states. Most recently, of course, Roger Schuyler, a * Beta Sig from this very chapter and head of one the nation’s largest construction firms, based out of Chicago, designed and donated our new student center. And now, I’d like to present you to someone who in this very house was. Roger Schuyler’s roommate! The applause is so thunderous that no one hears Warren's CHUCK (CONT’D) Warren Spitz!
96) 40) dialog: Son of a bitch. Grab his coat, and let’s get him the fuck out of here. They reach the little steps that lead to the front hall, Warren's feet knock against them as he is pulled up. On the last step Warren's feet are knocked so hard that h LOWER TEETH fall out and roll on the carpet.
96) 42) dialog: Oh, for Christ’s sake. Following them, Dave dutifully picks up the denture with of newspaper. 74 INT. BOUNDER — HIGHT The door is flung open, and Warren is heaved upon his bed and Chuck leave. Dave lays the denture on the kitchen tab leaves. INT. BOUNDER — MORNING WARREN ’S LOWER DENTURE is being scrubbed in the SINK.