2) 7) text: Twenty or so people sit around a T-shaped table. Warren and Helen sit at the head. On a side table lie wrapped gifts. Warren happens to be seated right where two tables are jo tries crossing his legs and must mask his discomfort. GARY NORDIN, 34, Clinks a greasy knife on his water glass neck is thick, and his Brooks Brothers collar is too tigh
2) 8) dialog: For my part, I'd just like to say, Warren, that as the new guy taking over for you, I hope I can fill your shoes, because from the looks of the people here and what they think of you, they sure seem awfully big. His General courtesy laughter. Credits continue. GARY (CONT’D) As most of you know I recently moved here from Hartford with my wife Sandy here and Kimberly, our 14-month-old, and you've all just made us feel so welcome, and Warren, I want you to feel just as welcome to drop by the office to visit anytime you want. As we've been discussing in the last couple weeks, I might have some questions to ask you about our various accounts and such. So here's to you, Warren. He raises his water glass in an awkward toast gesture. Al in. Warren manages a smile as everyone mumbles some varia “Rere’s to Warren,” or “We’re sure going to miss you,” or luck, Warren.” A stout older fellow with a loud, abrasive voice -- RAY chimes in.
15) 0) text: Warren walks into an office that is completely rearranged Gary is on the phone and gives Warren a gesture of “I'll just Have a seat.” _ Warren takes a seat across from the desk that used to b looks at Gary's little personal touches -- the family pho the motivational posters, the stress-reducing squeeze bal Gary hangs up the phone.
15) 1) dialog: (extending his hand) Hey, there he is! What do you say, partner?
15) 3) dialog: Not too shabby.
15) 5) dialog: Oh yeah, oh yeah. So what brings you by this neck of the woods?
15) 7) dialog: Oh, you know, keeping busy. Keeping busy.
15) 9) dialog: No, I think I've got a pretty good handle on things. You did a super job of handing everything over. Just super. Smooth sailing all the way. 7
15) 11) dialog: Nope. That just sits there a moment. GARY (CONT’D) Heck, a business degree from Drake ought to be worth something. They laugh. GARY (CONT’D) But if anything bubbles up to the surface, Warren, I'll be sure to give you a holler. You can bet on that. (checking his watch) Oops. I’ve got to get to a meeting out west. You want to walk down with me?
15) 15) dialog: (extending his hand) Warren, it’s always a pleasure.
15) 17) dialog: Oh yeah. Bave a good one.
15) 19) dialog: Say, Warren?
15) 21) dialog: Come to think of it, there is something I’ve been meaning to ask you about. I can’t believe I forgot.
15) 23) dialog: Is it just me, or did you have trouble opening the left-hand drawers of the desk? The key is super tight in there, and you have to jiggle it and twist it pretty hard to get it to work, and I keep thinking the key’s going to break right off. Any pointers?
15) 25) dialog: I’ll give it a try. Thanks, Warren. Gary heads for his car. is