2) 3) dialog: Look, Warren -- your name in lights! Warren leans forward and makes out --
2) 7) text: Twenty or so people sit around a T-shaped table. Warren and Helen sit at the head. On a side table lie wrapped gifts. Warren happens to be seated right where two tables are jo tries crossing his legs and must mask his discomfort. GARY NORDIN, 34, Clinks a greasy knife on his water glass neck is thick, and his Brooks Brothers collar is too tigh
3) 0) text: Helen and Warren remove their rain coats and hang them up PHONE RINGS. Helen answers.
3) 1) dialog: Hello? Oh, hi, honey. Yeah, uh-huh, it ran a little late, yeah. of “* course he is. (to Warren) 7 Warren, get on the phone. It's Jeannie. Warren takes the phone. Helen gets a rag and wipes up the they spilled walking in.
4) 0) text: Warren unties his tie. Helen is at work x i Warren continues to disrobe and put on his pajamas.
4) 1) dialog: Did you thank Randall?
4) 3) dialog: And what did he say?
4) 5) dialog: You didn’t thank him personally?
4) 7) dialog: Why not?
4) 10) dialog: You should have asked for him. You should make more of an effort. He’s going to be your son-in-law, and you hardly know him.
4) 12) dialog: I wish you'd try to be more positive. She's lucky to have him.
4) 14) dialog: You should make an effort. They go about their business.
4) 15) dialog: You know, my father didn’t think so much of you at first.
5) 0) text: Warren awakens and looks at the clock -- it’s exactly 7:0 heads to the bathroom. Helen keeps SNORING. From outside the bathroom we hear his ablutions -- tooth urine, spit. Finally he comes out and stops, looks at --
6) 0) text: A DESERT -- an endless ocean of SAND. Helen lies in bed some 100 meters away.
7) 1) dialog: .in the front seat of a RECREATIONAL VEHICLE, a brand-new parked in the driveway. She smiles and gestures for him t outside.
8) 1) dialog: Where to, mister? Looks like you need a ride!
9) 0) text: Warren opens the door and steps up. Helen is waiting at t dining table. She has prepared a big breakfast -- waffles orange juice, eggs.
9) 1) dialog: Surprise! Warren expresses no visible happiness. HELEN (CONT’D) I thought it would be fun to have breakfast in here today -- you know, see what it'll be like.
9) 3) dialog: Isn't this fun?
9) 5) dialog: we're going to have a lot of good times in this thing, Warren. Warren doesn’t feel like going anywhere, especially with
9) 8) dialog: Phyllis Cohen told me about their trip to Padre Island. We could drive down there, down to Texas. And I still really want to see the Pacific Northwest and Oregon. And then we could take that cruise to Alaska.
10) 13) dialog: warren!
10) 15) dialog: we're going to be late for supper.
11) 3) dialog: Ooh!
17) 0) text: Warren comes in the backdoor. Helen wears an apron.
17) 1) dialog: How'd it go at the office?
17) 3) dialog: That‘s wonderful.
19) 1) dialog: asleep. Her mouth hangs slack, and she SNORES LOUDLY. War lies wide awake, looking at her as though at a complete s
20) 0) text: Warren carries bags as he and Helen walk to the car. Hele removes the keys from her purse and clutches them. 20
21) 0) text: Warren watches Helen staring obsessively at the items pas price scanner, checking them against the register‘’s pric No discrepancy shall pass. WARREN (VO CONT’D) And the way she watches the checkout clerk at the grocery store.
22) 0) text: “warren watches TV. Helen bustles in excitedly holding a newspaper, her finger on a full-page AD for a new corpora seafood restaurant. WARREN (VO CONT’D) And her obsession with trying new restaurants.
23) 0) text: Warren and Helen entertain two other couples.
23) 2) dialog: ~and the next thing you know, Warren and I are standing there waiting for the hostess to acknowledge us, you know, to even look at us, and she goes ahead and seats the people who came in after us— Warren tries to clarify.
24) 0) text: Helen comes out of the bathroom wielding an ENEMA BAG AND
24) 2) dialog: Warren! -
25) 2) dialog: Lunch. He discretely covers the letter. As Helen walks away he n HER SHOES -- . the way they‘re worn down and the loud FLIP-FLOP they pro
26) 0) text: Warren and Belen sit at the kitchen table eating TOMATO S Maybe Helen SLURPS a little too loudly. Not a word passes them. Finally --
26) 1) dialog: It‘s low salt.
35) 2) dialog: No. 25 He heads toward the door. HELEN (CONT“D) Don't dilly-dally.
42) 0) text: Warren comes in the back door, hangs his overcoat on a ho Is Helen still vacuuming? Sounds like it. He glances in the KITCHEN and sees --
42) 1) dialog: in an improbable position. She's not moving now, but it’s that not long ago she was trying to drag a TELEPHONE towa The sight sinks in for a moment, then Warren rushes to he down and rolls her on her back. WARREN . Helen! Helen! What's wrong? No response. WARREN (CONT’D) Helen. oh God. Helen! (panicking, shaking her) Helen! Warren awkwardly embraces her. The dustbuster continues to WHIR, sucking at nothing. Note: During the following sequence, Warren remains in th Place in frame while the backgrounds change around him. T effect is one of a swirling out-of-body experience.
55) 0) text: Warren shuffles along in his pajamas, the camera trailing He pauses briefly to look into Jeannie’s room, then conti and stops in front of the open doorway to -- INT. WARREN AND HELEN’S BEDROOM - DAY
73) 13) text: He’s touching her dresses one by one, smelling them, reme the times she wore them. . WARREN (VO CONT’D) Helen dedicated her life to me and to raising our family. I guess I just didn’t know how lucky I was to have a wife like Helen until she was gone.
75) 0) text: Warren lugs huge armloads of CLOTHING out of Helen’s clos dumps them into cardboard BOXES.
77) 0) text: The Bounder pulls to a stop in front of a SALVATION ARMY STATION. The Bounder’s side door swings opens, and out come BOX AF of Helen's belongings. Some of the boxes burst or tip over, spilling their conte