111) 23) dialog: That’s why I offered to come over and help. I am trying to help you.
111) 25) dialog: I am not a mind-reader! I AM NOTA
111) 60) dialog: Don’t bring that up.
111) 68) dialog: Well, as father of the groom, I’d just like to welcome our guest and --
111) 70) dialog: Would you let me finish? Please?
111) 72) dialog: Go ahead -- enjoy your food. But I have something to say. (clearing his throat) I just want to acknowledge that we are gathered together around this table as a family for the very first time. And I wanted to welcome Warren, who has journeyed a very long way to be with us here tonight. So, Warren, welcome.
111) 74) dialog: (squeezing Saundra‘s shoulder) And on behalf of Saundra and myself, I'd just like to say that we are very proud to welcome Jeannie into our family. And Warren, I just want you to know that we love Jeannie very, very much. Right, Saundra?
111) 77) dialog: (sitting back down) I’m done. You're interrupting me, and I’m already done. (extending his glass) To our family. All extend their glasses and clink, all except Roberta. Everyone resumes eating.
113) 59) text: Anyway, suffice it to say I've always been very easily aroused, and Jeannie and I have a lot in common that way. The point is that neither Cliff nor Larry could keep up with me. As much as I tried to understand it and as much as I valued the companionship, it became an insurmountable problem. Now I don’t want to betray Jeannie’s confidence, but I can assure you that she and Randall are not going to run into those kinds of difficulties. They may have other problems along the 7 way, but they will always have their— ---- —_—- sexual life-to-fall back on. More soup?
117) 2) dialog: There is so much love in this room. So much love. And if I may say something on a personal note, I learned about love from my own parents, two extraordinary people who themselves were married sixty-two years. They’re here right here in this room with us tonight. I can feel them. Hello, Mom. Hello, Dad. I miss you. And I love you. But you taught me so much, and I am privileged to be able to pass along all I learned to my sons and. During Larry's speech, the camera DOLLIES along a row of guests, coming to rest on Warren who is ROLLING HIS HEAD and around, in another world entirely. INT. ROBERTA’S OLDSMOBILE ~- NIGHT Roberta drives with a still dopey Warren beside her.
120) 3) text: ~- Randall waiting expectantly by the minister. Instead o usual pony-tail, he now wears his hair loose to mark this a-lifetime occasion. -- Roberta walks solo, nodding broadly to people as she g Roberta has chosen an African floral theme today. And an unfortunate hat. -- Larry walks with Saundra. Saundra is unsteady on her h Larry has a huge grin on his shiny face. -- Finally EVERYONE STANDS as the WEDDING MARCH commences walks Jeannie down the aisle. She is nervous and excited wears too much make-up. Warren has deep, deep circles und eyes, and his neck is still very stiff. Warren We follow them all the way until Warren lifts her veil an her cheek. Jeannie then takes Randall‘s hand as they find Place before God. Warren takes his seat in the front row.
122) 5) dialog: leans over and taps Warren’s shoulder.
122) 6) dialog: You're on deck.
122) 8) dialog: You're on deck. You’re up next. Warren just nods, clearly very nervous. LARRY (CONT’D) Just say what's in your heart, Warren. That’s what I do. Say exactly what’s in your heart. Warren ponders this. .
122) 22) dialog: (raising his glass) Hear, hear! Now everyone knows what to do. All raise their glasses an Then the RINGING of silverware on glasses. Jeannie and Ra kiss again to the delight of the crowd. Warren makes a run for the bathroom.