46) 0) text: Warren talks with a PRIEST, arranging for services. 27 ImT. AIRPORT GATE AREA Warren’s daughter JEANNIE and her fiancée RANDALL HERTZEL the jetway. Jeannie embraces Warren tightly.
49) 21) dialog: She was a very special lady. Warren opens his eyes and looks at Randall’s face inches RANDALL (CONT’D) I for one am really going to miss her. I miss her already. I know we all do. Warren now breaks the embrace with Jeannie, an embrace co sullied by this interloper. Randall picks up an almost empty bottle of WHITE WINE and into three PLASTIC CUPS. RANDALL (CONT’‘D) Let’s drink to her. He hands a cup to Jeannie and another to Warren, who acce reluctantly. RANDALL (CONT’D) Here’s to Belen. They broke the mold. They broke the mold. (gazing heavenward) Helen, we love you and we miss you. And we always will. Here’s to you. Randall downs his wine in one gulp. Jeannie sips hers. just puts his glass back down on the table. Int. WARREN'S DEN - NIGET Weary from the day, Warren seeks a moment of solitude. his desk, leafs absently through the FUNERAL PROGRAM. Randall appears in the open doorway.
49) 22) dialog: (very concerned) How you doing? You doing okay?
49) 24) dialog: Sure?
49) 26) dialog: We're on our way. I just thought I'd check up on you. Must be really tough. I remember when my aunt died. It was so unreal. It was the fourth of July. I’11 never forget it. 30 Warren He'sits at Randall reflects momentarily on the cruel fleeting nature Then -- RANDAL (CONT’D) So listen, Warren, I know now's definitely not the time to talk about it, but before we leave if you want to take a few minutes and get your mind off all this. craziness, there’s something real important I want to talk to you about.
49) 28) dialog: It's an investment opportunity that I don’t think you’1l want to pass up. And I want to give you first crack at it.
49) 30) dialog: And it's not a pyramid scheme. A lot of people think it’s a pyramid scheme, but it’s not. It’s a sure fire way to double your money, maybe ” even triple it without any risk at (~~ 5 all. I've looked into it and. The ar thing is, Warren, you know, I’m not Qu — going to be selling waterbeds ° forever. I got plans. We've never had much chance to talk about it, you and I, but I got a pretty good business head on me, and, you know, I been going to a lot of seminars lately and I really --
49) 32) dialog: Oh yeah. Right. Absolutely. That's what I was saying. Whenever you're ready.
49) 34) dialog: Goodnight, Warren. You hang in there.
54) 1) dialog: on his hands and knees dressed in sweats, cleaning up spi coffee grounds.
54) 3) dialog: Buh?
54) 5) dialog: Sorry. I’m sorry, I just—
55) 66) dialog: Jeannie? Jeannie?
55) 68) dialog: where?
55) 70) dialog: Oh, hey. There you are. Thirty minute warning. You better get packed.
55) 72) text: Looks like you two were having a little heart-to-heart. INT./EXT. CADILLAC — DAY Warren is driving the kids to the airport. Jeannie sits b him looking out the window. Randall is in the back seat. shoots furtive glances at his daughter. Then —
55) 73) dialog: Hey, was that Blockbuster here last time? I don’t remember that * Blockbuster.
55) 75) dialog: Buh.
56) 0) text: Randall, Jeannie and Warren step off the ESCALATOR and he the gates. Jeannie and Randall carry their hand-luggage. With Jeannie a few steps ahead, Randall suddenly remember something.
56) 1) dialog: Oh. Hey. I just thought of something. Did you ever read “When Bad Things Happen to Good People?”
56) 3) dialog: It‘s really amazing. It really helped me out when my aunt died. You should read it. When Jeannie and I get back to Denver, I’m going to send you my copy. The workbook too. I did most of the exercises, but you can just write next to my answers or something.
57) 0) text: The flight is boarding. Randall and Warren shake hands.
57) 2) dialog: You'll be in our prayers. And I'm going to e-mail you about that investment thing, okay?
57) 7) dialog: Yeah, I got the plane in the background. Very cool.
57) 12) dialog: Bye, Warren. Jeannie and Randall head toward the JETWAY. RANDALL (CONT’D) You take care of yourself. Warren watches them present their BOARDING PASSES to the STEWARDESS. Randall goes first through the doors. Jeannie gives her father a final little wave, then procee the corner. HOLD on the empty frame.
111) 39) dialog: Hey, Dad! How’s it hanging? Randall puts down the box and hugs his future father-in-l Warren responds as best he can.
111) 41) dialog: You're here. I’m stoked. 98 Warren releases Randall and turns to his daughter.
111) 46) dialog: Great.
111) 48) dialog: That’s Denver for you.
111) 50) dialog: What you want to do next time is get off at Capitol Avenue and take it about four miles up to 75. Head west, and that'll lead you directly to Kingsley Ave.
111) 62) dialog: No, it wasn’t!
111) 65) dialog: See, you just didn’t find enough quality reps of your own, and you screwed the whole thing up for me too. You never really took the time -to understand how the “power” system * works. (counting on his fingers) Principal, ownership, wealth, uh.
111) 80) dialog: who has resumed eating.
111) 84) dialog: We got a pretty big day tomorrow.
111) 87) dialog: Take your time. I1’1]l get the car started. Warren and Jeannie go out onto the --
113) 0) text: The sound of BRUSHING TEETH over -- A PHOTOGRAPH . of teenage Randall in his basketball uniform.
113) 25) dialog: (good-natured, as though scolding a child) If you think this is going to make us cancel the wedding, you’re sadly mistaken, young man. Nice try. Strike two. Did Randall really just say that?
113) 27) dialog: No way. That’s an Aquarest 2-9000. Top of the line. It‘s definitely not the bed.
113) 29) dialog: That’s a common misperception. A waterbed is the best thing there is for back and neck support. See, your back isn't straight like a board. It’s more like a long “8s.” Only a waterbed supports all the natural contours of your back. After all, you spent the first nine months of your life in water.
113) 36) dialog: What do you mean? I gotta go to the airport and get Brian and Dave, and then run them by the tux shop and --
113) 59) text: Anyway, suffice it to say I've always been very easily aroused, and Jeannie and I have a lot in common that way. The point is that neither Cliff nor Larry could keep up with me. As much as I tried to understand it and as much as I valued the companionship, it became an insurmountable problem. Now I don’t want to betray Jeannie’s confidence, but I can assure you that she and Randall are not going to run into those kinds of difficulties. They may have other problems along the 7 way, but they will always have their— ---- —_—- sexual life-to-fall back on. More soup?
119) 4) dialog: Well, if you’d stuck with it a little longer, you would have seen results. Guaranteed.
119) 6) dialog: After all, you spent the first nine months of your life in water.
120) 3) text: ~- Randall waiting expectantly by the minister. Instead o usual pony-tail, he now wears his hair loose to mark this a-lifetime occasion. -- Roberta walks solo, nodding broadly to people as she g Roberta has chosen an African floral theme today. And an unfortunate hat. -- Larry walks with Saundra. Saundra is unsteady on her h Larry has a huge grin on his shiny face. -- Finally EVERYONE STANDS as the WEDDING MARCH commences walks Jeannie down the aisle. She is nervous and excited wears too much make-up. Warren has deep, deep circles und eyes, and his neck is still very stiff. Warren We follow them all the way until Warren lifts her veil an her cheek. Jeannie then takes Randall‘s hand as they find Place before God. Warren takes his seat in the front row.
120) 6) dialog: ~ and I shall love you every day of my life. And when I say every day, I mean every day. And when I say “day,” I mean all 24 hours, all 1440 minutes, all 86,400 seconds. I will use every moment to show my love, wipe away your tears, share your laughter— -- The SOLOIST singing a reverent arrangement of a famili
120) 10) dialog: I do.
121) 0) text: The sign-board reads, “Congratulations Hertzel -- Jeannie Randall” lig
122) 13) dialog: his daughter and his new son-in-law. They look back at hi anxiously awaiting his benediction. Jeannie