2) 9) dialog: Bey, Warren, how do you feel about these young punks taking over our jobs? They shoved me out the door three years ago. Looks like some kind of conspiracy to me! Everyone laughs affectionately. Ray stands. RAY (CONT’D) . Now I’ve known Warren here probably . longer than most of you have been alive. Warren-.and I go-way back, waaaaay back to the horse and buggy days at Mutual. But that’s ancient history. We were good friends not only at work but also out on the golf course and on fishing trips up at my cabin in Minnesota. And what I want to say to you publicly, Warren, so all these young hotshots can hear, is that that gold watch there doesn’t mean a goddamn thing. Warren finally feels a note of connection with someone.
2) 10) dialog: And this dinner doesn’t mean a goddamn thing, and the social security and pension don’t mean a goddamn thing. Ray’s wife MILDRED smiles uncomfortably as she grabs his get him to take it easy, but Ray is on a roll. RAY (CONT’D) None of these super-fishy-alities mean a goddamn thing. What means something, what really means something, Warren— Ray takes a dramatic, drunken pause. RAY (CONT’D) What really means something is the knowledge that you devoted your entire life to something meaningful -- to being productive and working for a fine company -- hell, one of the biggest insurance carriers in the nation -- Ray counts on his fingers and at one point counts the sa . _ twice.
2) 11) dialog: ~to raising a fine family, to building a fine home, to being respected by your community and having some wonderful, loyal friendships. Hearing the part about raising the family, Helen puts her Warren’s, but he doesn’t react. RAY (CONT’D) a At the end of his career, if a man can look back and say, “I did it. I did my job,” he can retire in peace and glory and enjoy riches far beyond the monetary kind. So all you young people here, here's a role model. Right here. I want you to take a good look at a very rich man. All applaud. Ray leans over the table to shake hands with In doing so, one side of his jacket trails through his ma potatoes and gravy. Ray sits back down, and everyone resu eating. Warren looks at his food, can’t take another bite. He sli his chair out.
11) 2) dialog: (eyeing his meat) Saaaaay.
11) 5) dialog: They do a good job here.
11) 7) dialog: I'd say we're in pretty good shape.
49) 0) text: A post~-funeral RECEPTION is winding down -- there are gl plates everywhere. People are filing out. Jeannie and Ran are beginning to clear dishes and put chairs back in plac Warren says his GOOD-BYES to the last three guests -- War best friend Ray Nichols and a couple of old friends, GEOR JOANNE. Dear old Ray is quite broken up and has trouble f tears.
49) 1) dialog: I can’t believe it, Warren. I still can‘t believe it_
49) 3) dialog: She just. she was too young.. she was just so.
49) 5) dialog: You take care of yourself, Warren.
50) 0) text: Warren is in bed but he can’t sleep. He rolls on his side stares at the void beside him. He reaches out one hand an touches the empty pillow. His fingers discover a stray GR
74) 3) dialog: Jesus, Warren! You scared me. What are you doing here? 50 Warren doesn't respond. RAY (CONT’D) You look terrible. What's the matter? warren ineffectually HURLS the wad of letters at Ray, and flutter off in all directions.
74) 5) dialog: oh, God, Warren. Oh, Jesus. Warren just stares at him, fuming. RAY (CONT’D) That was so long ago, Warren. Must be twenty-five, thirty years. I. oh, Jesus. I never thought. She kept these? (slightly proud) I can’t believe she kept these. Warren rushes Ray and STRIKES him with open palms like a ridiculous windmill. Ray does his best to block Warren's RAY (CONT’D) Jesus, Warren. Stop it. Stop hitting me. Let’s talk about this. Ray manages to put a car between him and Warren.
74) 7) dialog: (calling after him) It was all just a stupid mistake, Warren. You were out in Frisco, and things started up and got a little out of hand, that’s all. I’m sorry.
74) 10) dialog: Warren VRRRM! VRRRM! VRRRRRRRRRRM! Warren REVS the Bounder and w SCREECH pulls violently out of the parking lot, knocking garbage can on the way.
107) 13) dialog: ~Ray Nichols. WOMAN’S VOICE (ON PHONE) At the tone, please record your message. - BEEP.
113) 59) text: Anyway, suffice it to say I've always been very easily aroused, and Jeannie and I have a lot in common that way. The point is that neither Cliff nor Larry could keep up with me. As much as I tried to understand it and as much as I valued the companionship, it became an insurmountable problem. Now I don’t want to betray Jeannie’s confidence, but I can assure you that she and Randall are not going to run into those kinds of difficulties. They may have other problems along the 7 way, but they will always have their— ---- —_—- sexual life-to-fall back on. More soup?