110) 0) text: Warren ascends the front steps of this large older home w wooden porch and RINGS THE DOORBELL. A few moments later the door is opened by ROBERTA HERTZEL large, grand woman in a long, flowing muu-muu and festoon enormous jade jewelry -- necklace, jangling bracelets and Oh, and no bra.
110) 1) dialog: (extending her hand) Warren, how grand to see you again.
110) 3) dialog: Not at all. I was happy to get your call and learn that you were finally in town.
110) 5) dialog: They should be over in about an hour. Come on in.
111) 0) text: Roberta leads Warren into this much lived-in house, takes coat.
111) 1) dialog: I sent you a card. Did you get my card?
111) 3) dialog: But I want to say it to you in person. I am so sorry about Helen. I met her only that once, but as you know we talked often on the phone after the engagement. She was a fine, fine woman. A fine, fine human being. 94
111) 5) dialog: You poor thing.
111) 7) dialog: We all miss her. Just tragic. That sits there a moment.
111) 10) dialog: Well, I am having a Manhattan.
111) 12) dialog: Oooocoh.. That’s better. This last week has been very stressful. The only way Helen is lucky -- and I mean the only way -- is that she didn’t have to go through this week with Jeannie and me. (with melodic cadence) The church. The caterer. The florist. The dress. The relatives. The travel arrangements. The motels. The bridesmaids. The groomsmen. The gowns. Do you realize how many people stil] have not RSVP'd? I spent the morning tracking them down. Warren, it does not stop. 95
111) 14) dialog: But I don’t want to trouble you with all of this. You've had a wonderful trip, and I do not want to spoil that for you. Yes, she does.
111) 15) dialog: By the way, we do still need that check for the church. Did Jeannie mention it to you? Because we've needed it for a few days now, and it has actually been a bit of a problem.
111) 17) dialog: (waving him to sit still) Oh no. Nonsense. It can wait. You sit still and finish your drink. I want to hear all about your trip. Suddenly some GUY yells from the kitchen.
111) 19) dialog: (yelling back) What?
111) 21) dialog: (to Warren) Would you excuse me? Roberta gets up and wafts away, the ice clinking in her d She pushes her way through the swinging kitchen door. 96
111) 22) dialog: What is your fucking problem? Don’t you think I have enough to deal with?
111) 24) dialog: Well this is no help! Look at it. What do you expect me to do now? LARRY (0S) . I‘ll do it if you just tell me what you want! I’m not a mind-reader! ROBERTA (0S) ‘ Forget it. I’ll do it. Just like I have to do everything around here! Get out!
111) 27) dialog: Do you understand English? Get out! She pushes her way back through the swinging door. She si next to Warren. Her face is flushed.
111) 28) dialog: I’m sorry. (a long exhale) You met Larry last time, didn’t you?
111) 30) dialog: Larry is like a little boy. Ever since our divorce, he thinks the only way he can get my attention is to cause a fuss. I understand it. I do. I feel sorry for him. I just. My first husband was the same way.
111) 32) dialog: It lasted nineteen months. He turned into a real horse’s ass.
111) 34) dialog: But I’m sure things will be different for Jeannie and Randall. Now Randall -~ he really knows how to treat a woman. Honestly, don’t you think Randall is something special?
111) 36) dialog: That always helps, doesn’t it? Warren gives his best courtesy laugh.
111) 37) dialog: You know, when I had my hysterectomy, that boy did not leave my side for one minute. Not one minute. People used to raise their eyebrows because I nursed him until he was almost five, but I think the results speak for themselves. I raised a very sensitive, devoted boy who has turned into a sensitive, devoted man. And he’s also quite easy on the eye, if I do say so myself. Don’t you agree? . As though on cue, Jeannie and Randall walk in the front d Randall is wearing the worn-out suit and bad tie of a wat salesman and is carrying a large BOX.
111) 38) dialog: Look who's here!
111) 49) dialog: You won‘t catch me driving on the interstate.
111) 52) dialog: (indicating the box) Here, Randall, bring that into the kitchen. Roberta and Randall exit, and Jeannie starts to follow.
111) 64) dialog: Can we change the subject, please?
111) 66) dialog: Boys, let’s change the subject.
111) 69) dialog: Larry, we know who you are, and you’re going to have plenty of chances to make toasts tomorrow and the next day.
111) 71) dialog: Can't we just enjoy our food?
111) 76) dialog: Okay, Larry. That’s enough. Save it - ~ ~ ~—~for tomorrow.
113) 14) dialog: Good morning, mister sleepy-head! Roberta stops short and is distressed to see -- \ 105
113) 17) dialog: Did you fall out of bed?
113) 19) dialog: Let me help you.
113) 30) dialog: Anyway, the point is that you, Mr. Schmidt, have a new job today. Your job is to stay here and rest.
113) 40) dialog: Anybody hungry?
113) 43) dialog: Anything for me in the bedpan?
113) 46) dialog: Maybe you can. I just think this might be easier for you.
113) 49) dialog: You know, sometimes injuries like yours are more psychological than anything else.
113) 51) dialog: I don’t mean to imply that you’re imagining your injury. It’s just that. sometimes these things can be brought on by other factors -- stress, anger, maybe holding onto some feelings you need to let go of. You might want to look at that. Warren slurps his so®p, looks at her.
113) 52) dialog: You've been through a lot lately.
113) 54) dialog: You can choose to believe that if you want to, but when I look in your eyes, I see a sad man, a very sad man. Warren's expression is one of mild panic. Hasn’t he heard somewhere before? 109
113) 56) dialog: And I don’t blame you. It’s a perfectly natural reaction. In the beginning I had my own reservations. After all, as the veteran of two failed marriages, I have learned a lot about what works and does not work between two people. And knowing what I know, and having seen the kids together much more than you have, I can tell you they are in very good shape. They have a very healthy relationship -- spiritually, emotionally and physically. I’m not sure how much Jeannie has really told you about her relationship with Randall -- I understand she was closer with her mother. But Jeannie and I have grown very close. She confides in me. And, well, you already know how famously they get along as friends. But what you may not know is that their intimate life is positively white hot. Warren is not happy knowing this.
113) 57) dialog: The principal reason that both my marriages failed was physical. I am an extremely sexual person. I can't help it -- that’s just how I'm wired. Even when I was a little girl. Most people find this hard to believe, but I had my first orgasm when I was six. In ballet class.
113) 61) dialog: How are we doing? Unable to turn his head, Warren grotesquely pivots his en in order to see Roberta.
113) 63) dialog: I think you need something a little stronger. Give me a second. While she is gone, Warren continues the process of trying his tie on. The wide end winds up much longer than the sk end, but Warren makes the decision to let it go. Roberta comes back in with a PRESCRIPTION BOTTLE. ill
113) 64) dialog: I have these left over from ny hysterectomy. They've expired, but I’m sure they’re okay.
113) 66) dialog: Percodan. I guarantee you, within a half-hour, you’1l be on cloud nine.
117) 3) dialog: You seem to have come around pretty good there, Warren. You're a changed man. 113
117) 5) dialog: I know what will really get you out of the woods. As soon as we get home, I’m going to turn on the hot tub, and you are going to take a nice long soak before bed. You'll sleep like a baby, and tomorrow morning . you'll be*good as new. .
117) 7) dialog: How does it feel?
117) 9) dialog: Didn’t I tell you? Didn’t I tell you? The window closes. Warren leans his head back on the rim of the tub. Then -- The patio door opens, and Roberta comes FLIP-FLOPPING out robe and sandals.
117) 10) dialog: Mind if I join you? Before Warren can respond, Roberta steps out of her sanda drops her robe, revealing every bit of her glorious NAKED her ample bosom, her full abdomen, her surgical scars, he graying bush. Warren experiences a rush of sudden terror. Roberta puts into the tub. 114
117) 11) dialog: (a long exhale) Oooooooohhhhhh. Hot, hot, hot. Oh, that’s good. Unsure where to look, Warren does his best while Roberta eases herself into the tub. Finally, and with much Archim displacement, Roberta is up to her neck. ROBERTA (CONT’D) That’s better. Ohhhhhhh. Warren looks around to see if there are any nearby hills run for. te
117) 12) text: ROBERTA (CONT’D) What a night. I was very moved. I mean, I’ve been so stressed in the last few weeks that I'd sort of lost sight of the fact that. my little boy is getting married. And so is your little girl. You think about it from the day they’re born, and now it’s here. It’s a miracle.
117) 14) dialog: Did you have fun?
117) 16) dialog: Yes, they do. I just wish Larry would learn not to say everything that comes into his brain. He has no filter. And it’s gotten worse since he’s been with Saundra. They sit in silence a moment.
117) 17) dialog: That's what I like about you, Warren. You don’t waste words. You speak when you have something to say. That’s very attractive in a man.
117) 19) dialog: Just think. After tomorrow we‘re all going to be one big family. And of course, I'm going to insist that you consider this your second home. I'll set a place for you at the table for Thanksgiving and Christmas, and I won’t take no for an answer. And I don’t know if Jeannie has told you about this, but we don't give traditional gifts at Christmas. We make them. It can be a painting or a poem or a song. We're a very creative family. One year Randall .e made a spoon rack for my spoon collection. And it goes without saying that you’ll~have to come with us to our time-share up in Breckinridge.
117) 21) dialog: That‘s perfect! Neither do I. It‘ll just be you and me while the kids are on the slopes.
117) 22) text: Roberta’s hand travels through the bubbles and comes to r Warren's knee.
117) 24) dialog: Here we are -- a divorcée and a widower. Sounds like a perfect match to me. Warren suddenly GETS UP and steps out of the tub.
117) 25) dialog: What are you doing? Warren finds his towel, his trunks clinging sadly to his
117) 27) dialog: (genuinely puzzled) Just like that? Come on, we were having such a nice talk! 116
118) 0) text: Still in his trunks and wrapped in a towel, Warren walks across Roberta’s front lawn toward the Bounder.
119) 0) text: The door opens, and Warren climbs up, locking the door be He is not tuckered out, as he told Roberta. He is wide aw He pulls a little 8-ounce can of V-8 out of his mini-frid tries to open the irritating peel-off top.
119) 3) dialog: It‘ll just be you and me while the kids are on the slopes.
119) 7) dialog: Most people find this hard to believe, but I had my first orgasm when I was six. 117
120) 3) text: ~- Randall waiting expectantly by the minister. Instead o usual pony-tail, he now wears his hair loose to mark this a-lifetime occasion. -- Roberta walks solo, nodding broadly to people as she g Roberta has chosen an African floral theme today. And an unfortunate hat. -- Larry walks with Saundra. Saundra is unsteady on her h Larry has a huge grin on his shiny face. -- Finally EVERYONE STANDS as the WEDDING MARCH commences walks Jeannie down the aisle. She is nervous and excited wears too much make-up. Warren has deep, deep circles und eyes, and his neck is still very stiff. Warren We follow them all the way until Warren lifts her veil an her cheek. Jeannie then takes Randall‘s hand as they find Place before God. Warren takes his seat in the front row.