1) 3) dialog: puts on his jacket, walks to the door. He wistfully pats boxes, takes one last look, turns out the light, closes t door. OFF SCREEN -- Cheers followed “For He’s a Jolly Good Fell Then -- a THUNDERBOLT.
2) 6) dialog: eats his steak.
2) 7) text: Twenty or so people sit around a T-shaped table. Warren and Helen sit at the head. On a side table lie wrapped gifts. Warren happens to be seated right where two tables are jo tries crossing his legs and must mask his discomfort. GARY NORDIN, 34, Clinks a greasy knife on his water glass neck is thick, and his Brooks Brothers collar is too tigh
2) 12) dialog: (to Helen) Be right back.
2) 15) dialog: Vodka gimlet, please. Warren sits alone at the bar waiting for his drink and w waits -- it seems to take a lifetime.
3) 0) text: Helen and Warren remove their rain coats and hang them up PHONE RINGS. Helen answers.
3) 2) dialog: Jeannie, how you doing? Uh-huh. oh, it went just fine. Yeah, quite a big event. Oh, I know; don’t give it another thought. You've got bigger fish to fry. I know. We'll see you out there pretty soon anyway. Yeah. Just a gold watch and some gag gifts, you know. Yeah, it’s pretty nice, I guess. The what? Oh, yeah, I did get it. The robe. Yeah, that’s guite an item. From you and Randall. I see. Well, it’s going to come in handy. And tell Randall thanks for me too. Okay. Bye now.
4) 0) text: Warren unties his tie. Helen is at work x i Warren continues to disrobe and put on his pajamas.
4) 2) dialog: I did.
4) 6) dialog: No.
4) 8) dialog: He didn't get on the phone. - oe BELEN Why not?
4) 9) dialog: I don’t know. He didn’t get on the phone.
4) 11) dialog: I know him well enough.
4) 13) dialog: (resigned) Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
5) 0) text: Warren awakens and looks at the clock -- it’s exactly 7:0 heads to the bathroom. Helen keeps SNORING. From outside the bathroom we hear his ablutions -- tooth urine, spit. Finally he comes out and stops, looks at --
7) 0) text: Warren sits reading the NEWSPAPER. HONK-HONK-HONK from outside. window to see ~~ Suddenly he hears an insistent He gets up and looks though the
8) 0) text: Still holding his newspaper, Warren wanders out into the The vehicle is new and clean and still has the sticker. H pokes her head out the window.
9) 0) text: Warren opens the door and steps up. Helen is waiting at t dining table. She has prepared a big breakfast -- waffles orange juice, eggs.
9) 4) dialog: well, it kind of gives us a rough idea.
9) 7) dialog: Yeah.
9) 9) dialog: Now just hold your horses. We've got plenty of time to figure it out. Helen holds out her DIXIE CUP of orange juice for a toast
10) 0) text: Warren, remote in hand, sits in front of the Tv.
10) 8) dialog: is riveted, moved by this appeal.
10) 14) dialog: Just a minute!
10) 16) dialog: Just a minute!
11) 12) dialog: No, I’m, I’m fine. Just a little tired, I guess. He takes another bite of prime rib. It tastes like carrio ow a, Qu .
12) 0) text: Warren’s Cadillac pulls into a VISITOR PARKING space.
13) 0) text: It’s a high floor, and Warren steps off the ELEVATOR. He' dressed in suit and tie and looks ready for work. He walk jauntily toward -- 12
14) 0) text: Warren walks by the new SECRETARY.
14) 2) dialog: How are you? Say, is Gary in?
15) 0) text: Warren walks into an office that is completely rearranged Gary is on the phone and gives Warren a gesture of “I'll just Have a seat.” _ Warren takes a seat across from the desk that used to b looks at Gary's little personal touches -- the family pho the motivational posters, the stress-reducing squeeze bal Gary hangs up the phone.
15) 2) dialog: Pretty good, pretty good. How you getting along?
15) 4) dialog: I see you're all moved in.
15) 6) dialog: Oh, I was just driving by and I thought I'd pop in and see what kind of trouble you’re getting into. 13
15) 8) dialog: And I guess I wanted to make sure you didn’t have any more questions about our accounts.
15) 10) dialog: Because I've been concerned that a few of those open items I walked you through might have slipped through the cracks, and it’s kind of been nagging at me.
15) 12) dialog: Okay. Sure.
15) 14) dialog: Well, I'll say good-bye right here. I'm out front. 14
15) 16) dialog: Likewise. (wagging a fatherly finger) But you call me if you need anything.
15) 18) dialog: You bet. ad They shake hands and start in opposite directions. Then -
15) 20) dialog: Yeah?
15) 22) dialog: (elated) Sure, Gary. What is it?
15) 24) dialog: (deflated) You. you have to pull up on the top drawer while you're unlocking it. That ought to do the trick.
16) 0) text: Warren walks around the building on his way back to the f parking lot. He passes a row of DUMPSTERS. Next to the last dumpster Warren notices -~-
17) 0) text: Warren comes in the backdoor. Helen wears an apron.
17) 2) dialog: Oh fine. It’s a good thing I went. I was able to clear up some loose ends and set him straight on a few things..
18) 9) dialog: Dear Ngudu, My name is Warren R. Schmidt, and I am your new foster father. I live in Omaha, Nebraska. My older brother Harry lives in Roanoke, Virginia with his wife Estelle. Harry lost a leg two years ago to diabetes. Warren pauses -- what else to say? WARREN (VO CONT’D) I recently retired as a division manager of the Actuarial department at Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company -- you might have heard of it because of the old TV show. They might have even filmed some of it around where you live. Anyway, as I say, I just retired.
18) 11) dialog: (he can’t help himself) - and goddammit if they didn’t replace me with some kid half my age who doesn’t know the first thing about running a department. Brought him out from Connecticut or some goddamn place. Cocky little son-of-a-bitch. Warren suddenly catches himself, looks at what he wrote. scratches something out, continues writing.
18) 12) dialog: ~ son-of-a-gun. I am 66 years of ~..... .agé.. That_must sound pretty old to a_ young fellow like yourself. The truth is it sounds pretty old to me too, and I still can’t believe I'm retired, can’t believe it’s all behind me. Where has the time gone?
18) 16) dialog: ~and the veins on my ankles, I just can’t believe it’s me. 18
18) 19) dialog: I was going to start my own business, build it up into a big corporation, watch it go public, you know, maybe make Fortune 500.
18) 21) dialog: I was going to be one of those guys you read about. The MAGAZINE FADES AWAY, and Warren's arms unfold, his sm vanishes, his shoulders drop, he turns his back and walks getting SMALLER AND SMALLER. WARREN (VO CONT‘D) Instead I took a job at Mutual and I just stuck with it. I never made my move, never broke out on my own, as much as I wanted to. I thought I was doing the right thing — supporting my family and moving up in a fine company - but along the way all the dreams I had as a young man just faded away.
18) 23) dialog: Somehow I convinced myself that my dreams were just any young man’s foolish dreams. A TEAR SMEARS THE WORD “DREAMS,” and another falls too. 19
19) 2) dialog: My wife’s name is Helen, formerly Helen Meyers of Sloan, Iowa. we've been married forty-two years. Lately, every night, I ask myself the same question. Who is this old woman who lives in my house? A PAN — from Helen's face to Warren and Helen's WEDDING PHOTO, ZO on Helen‘s young face. WARREN (VO CONT’D) Is she really the same woman I Married?
20) 0) text: Warren carries bags as he and Helen walk to the car. Hele removes the keys from her purse and clutches them. 20
20) 1) dialog: why is it that every little thing she does irritates me? Like the way she gets the keys out of her purse long before we reach the car. Warren looks ahead into the distance of the vast parking superimposed ARROW moving up and down points to their car
21) 0) text: Warren watches Helen staring obsessively at the items pas price scanner, checking them against the register‘’s pric No discrepancy shall pass. WARREN (VO CONT’D) And the way she watches the checkout clerk at the grocery store.
22) 0) text: “warren watches TV. Helen bustles in excitedly holding a newspaper, her finger on a full-page AD for a new corpora seafood restaurant. WARREN (VO CONT’D) And her obsession with trying new restaurants.
23) 0) text: Warren and Helen entertain two other couples.
23) 1) dialog: And the way she cuts me off sometimes when I try to speak.
23) 3) dialog: Well, the thing is that-- 21
24) 1) dialog: And the way she. Warren’s reverie is interrupted by a shrill voice.
25) 0) text: Warren looks up startled.
25) 1) dialog: (meek) Yes? Belen is at the door.
26) 0) text: Warren and Belen sit at the kitchen table eating TOMATO S Maybe Helen SLURPS a little too loudly. Not a word passes them. Finally --
26) 2) dialog: Not bad.
27) 0) text: Warren enters and eagerly gets back to work. 22
27) 2) dialog: And I hate the way she sits. HELEN’S ARMPIT -- An odd shot.
27) 3) dialog: And the way she smells.
28) 0) text: Through a cracked door we see Warren on the TOILET. His p around his ankles, and we hear a muffled TINKLE. WARREN (VO CONT’D) For years now she has insisted that I sit when I urinate. My promise to lift the seat and wipe the rim and put the seat back down wasn’t good enough for her. No.
29) 0) text: Warren takes a deep breath, composes himself. a n a Writes again, glancing up at -- A PEROTO . of a much younger Warren smiling with his little daughter WARREN (VO CONT’D) (his tone softening) But then there’s Jeannie. She’s our only. I bet she’d like you -- she gets a big kick out of different languages and cultures and so forth. She used to get by pretty good in German.
30) 0) text: WARREN’S POV -- . Jeannie’s door magically opens, and 6-year-old Jeannie lo from her toys and runs toward us.
30) 2) dialog: She's my little girl. 23
32) 1) dialog: She has a position of some responsibility out there with a high- tech computer outfit, so it’s very hard for her to break away. EXT. “WATERBEDS AND MORE” — DENVER - DAY A bland suburban waterbed store. Oh, look — they're havin sale. WARREN (VO CONT’D) Recently she got engaged to a fellow named Randall Hertzel, so I suppose we'll be seeing even less of her now. RANDALL HERTZELL comes walking out of the store. He is le tall and wears a mustache and pony-tail. He waves at us a walking over. 24 WARREN (VO CONT‘'D) we went out there last year to meet him. He works in a waterbed store or something. Personally I don’t feel he’s quite up to snuff for our Jeannie, but I suppose she’s no spring chicken anymore. But I still think she could have done a heck of a lot better.
33) 0) text: Sixth-grade Jeannie plays VIOLIN in an orchestra RECITAL. closer to her. we linger on young Jeannie, very concentrated, alternatel and counting her rests. WARREN (VO CONT”D) (wistful) Jeannie.
34) 0) text: Warren draws a long breath, near tears, looks back down a again. WARREN (VO CONT’D) Well, look at the time. I’ve been rambling on and on, and I’m sure you’ve nad enough of this belly-aching. You probably want to hurry on down and cash that check, get yourself something to eat. So take it easy, and best of luck with all your endeavors. Yours very truly, Warren Schmidt. He paper clips the check to the letter, which is by now s pages long. He has trouble folding it.
35) 0) text: Now in his overcoat, Warren walks past the kitchen, where bent over, brandishing a DUSTBUSTER.
35) 1) dialog: I’m going out to mail a letter. You need anything?
36) 0) text: Warren parks his Cadillac and trots inside, bearing the s record of his unburdened soul.
37) 0) text: Driving his car, Warren catches sight of something alluri the corner of his eye.
39) 0) text: It’s Warren’s turn.
39) 1) dialog: Um, I'll have a Blizzard with vanilla ice cream and uh.
39) 3) dialog: Let’s see. I'1] have some, uh, Reese’s pieces and some cookie dough. Yeah, cookie dough.
40) 0) text: Warren sits alone at a PICNIC TABLE eating his Blizzard o overcast day. At the other picnic table sit a rather large YOUNG WOMAN YOUNG SON. Like Warren they enjoy their Dairy Queen treat silence.
41) 0) text: Warren’s Cadillac turns into his driveway. 26
42) 0) text: Warren comes in the back door, hangs his overcoat on a ho Is Helen still vacuuming? Sounds like it. He glances in the KITCHEN and sees --
43) 0) text: Warren watches while PARAMEDICS carry out a STRETCHER.
44) 0) text: Warren walks through a COFFIN SHOWROOM.
45) 0) text: Warren sits across the desk from a MORTICIAN and writes a
46) 0) text: Warren talks with a PRIEST, arranging for services. 27 ImT. AIRPORT GATE AREA Warren’s daughter JEANNIE and her fiancée RANDALL HERTZEL the jetway. Jeannie embraces Warren tightly.
47) 0) text: Warren accepts warm wishes from friends at the WAKE.
48) 0) text: Warren sits in the front pew next to Jeannie. - Ext. CEMETERY - DAY Warren is seated under a graveside canopy at this burial close to the interstate. The PRIEST is talking, though we him only faintly. The swirling sequence ends. Warren looks over at --
49) 0) text: A post~-funeral RECEPTION is winding down -- there are gl plates everywhere. People are filing out. Jeannie and Ran are beginning to clear dishes and put chairs back in plac Warren says his GOOD-BYES to the last three guests -- War best friend Ray Nichols and a couple of old friends, GEOR JOANNE. Dear old Ray is quite broken up and has trouble f tears.
49) 2) dialog: ~I know, Ray. I know. 28
49) 4) dialog: I know. Thank you, Ray. You’re a good friend. They shake hands firmly and reach around for a brief manl
49) 6) dialog: Iwill, Ray. You too. We’ll see you real soon. Thanks for everything. Ray leaves, shaking his head, lost in grief.
49) 8) dialog: Yeah.
49) 10) dialog: Yeah.
49) 12) dialog: Yeah. Warren closes the door on them. He turns to his daughter.
49) 13) dialog: Nice of everybody to bring all this food. All these cold cuts. Going to have a lot of leftovers. Warren surveys the food, gets momentarily lost in thought
49) 18) dialog: WARREN (CONT’D) Yep. Jeannie approaches her father and throws her arms around
49) 20) dialog: I know, Jeannie. I know. They hug each other tightly. Jeannie cries softly, and Wa strokes her hair. Randall quietly observes this intimate moment, moved by s deep connection between father and daughter. Unable to contain his love, Randall steps forward and rub Jeannie’s back. He then extends a comforting hand onto Wa back too.
49) 23) dialog: I’m fine.
49) 25) dialog: Yeah. You ought to get to bed.
49) 27) dialog: What's that? 31
49) 29) dialog: Oh?
49) 31) dialog: Can we. can we talk about this tomorrow?
49) 33) dialog: Goodnight, Randall.
50) 0) text: Warren is in bed but he can’t sleep. He rolls on his side stares at the void beside him. He reaches out one hand an touches the empty pillow. His fingers discover a stray GR
51) 0) text: Warren pads out of the bedroom and in the darkness makes to the stairway.
52) 0) text: Warren sits at the kitchen table drinking a glass of milk
53) 0) text: Warren wakes up on the sofa. He looks around, dazed. How did I end up here? Suddenly his attention is drawn to the“distant WHIR of He dustbuster. Uneasy, Warren rises and follows the sound.
54) 0) text: Warren pushes open a swinging door to reveal --
54) 2) dialog: Turn that off. Randall turns around, startled.
54) 4) dialog: I said turn it off! Frightened by Warren’s outburst, Randall fumbles for the
54) 6) dialog: (composing himself) Use a broom. (pointing) In the little closet over there. Warren exits back through the swinging door. 33
55) 0) text: Warren shuffles along in his pajamas, the camera trailing He pauses briefly to look into Jeannie’s room, then conti and stops in front of the open doorway to -- INT. WARREN AND HELEN’S BEDROOM - DAY
55) 2) dialog: There you are.
55) 4) dialog: (entering the room) Why don’t you take some of those things? Take whatever you want. Jeannie holds up a STRING OF PEARLS.
55) 6) dialog: For God‘s sake, take more than that. I'm going to have to go through her things pretty soon and, you know, donate it all or whatever so.
55) 8) dialog: No, I know. I know.
55) 10) dialog: Yeah. The wedding. 34
55) 12) dialog: (affectionate) You know what’s flashing through my mind right now?
55) 14) dialog: Oh, just when you were little and we all used to go to Elmwood Park, and you'd swing and ride that thing that goes around and try to catch butterflies by the creek.
55) 16) dialog: And when I used to take you to ice skating classes at Ak-sar-ben.
55) 18) dialog: You sure? Because I distinctly remember taking you to ice skating.
55) 20) dialog: I’m pretty sure it was more than once. Well, anyway, that was a nice memory.
55) 23) dialog: I like both.
55) 26) dialog: And I’1l have some of those barbecue potato chips. Not the plain ones. Those are your mother’s. The barbecue ones are mine. In fact, you and Randall can take those plain ones. They'll just go to waste here. I won‘t eat them.
55) 28) dialog: It's so good to see you. I sure wish you didn’t have to get back so soon. Can't you stay a few more days? I feel like we really haven't had a chance to, you know, catch up.
55) 30) dialog: Couldn’t you just talk to them at work? They'd understand. (a feeble joke) Heck, who's going to take care of me? Jeannie brings over a plate of food and a glass of milk.
55) 32) dialog: Oh, wonderful. Just wonderful.
55) 34) dialog: (mid-chew) Yeah.
55) 36) dialog: A maid? Oh, no, no. I can take care of things. I don’t need that extra expense.
55) 39) dialog: (cowed ) Okay. I know.
55) 41) dialog: Now that you mention it, I’ve been thinking about that, and I was wondering if maybe you should consider postponing it. 37
55) 43) dialog: Actually, I made a couple calls, and if we made a decision this week, we'd only forfeit half the deposit on the Church and the reception hall. I'm just saying-you might want to take ‘- this opportunity to, you know, rethink things.
55) 45) dialog: They'd understand. I mean, out of respect for your mother.
55) 47) dialog: (shifting gears) Well, the thing is, Jeannie, your mother and I.. we talked a number of times very seriously about you and Randall and_
55) 49) dialog: Just that. that she loved you and she wanted you to be happy. And that Maybe Randall wasn’t quite. well, we both just wanted to make sure you're not going to have any regrets. I just think you might want to keep your options open, that’s all. Jeannie can't really comprehend what Warren is saying. 38
55) 51) dialog: All right. Okay. Have it your way. You know best. You and your mother. They sit in silence a moment. Warren continues to eat. Jeannie sips her beer. WARREN (CONT‘D) - Good sandwich.
55) 53) dialog: What?
55) 55) dialog: (swallowing first) Now that is not true. That is not true. I specifically did not choose, as you say, the cheapest casket. There was one less expensive which they showed me and I refused.
55) 57) dialog: I don’t remember what it was.
55) 59) dialog: If you must put it that way. Look, I know you’re upset, but I don’t think it’s right for you to focus on one little thing and take it out on me. 39
55) 63) dialog: Hey, hey, hey. What are you talking about now? What are you saying? What about the Bounder? What do you call that? That’s an expensive vehicle sitting out there. I didn’t want to buy that. That was completely your mother’s idea.
55) 65) dialog: That was her decision. I was willing to go as far as the Elite, but no, she had to have the Imperial. She wanted the whole she-bang. What was I supposed to do? Tell her she couldn't? It was her money. You can’t call me to task on that one. Now the front door opens and slams, and a VOICE calls fro living room --
55) 72) text: Looks like you two were having a little heart-to-heart. INT./EXT. CADILLAC — DAY Warren is driving the kids to the airport. Jeannie sits b him looking out the window. Randall is in the back seat. shoots furtive glances at his daughter. Then —
55) 74) dialog: No, that’s new.
56) 0) text: Randall, Jeannie and Warren step off the ESCALATOR and he the gates. Jeannie and Randall carry their hand-luggage. With Jeannie a few steps ahead, Randall suddenly remember something.
56) 2) dialog: No.
56) 4) dialog: Thank you, Randall. That’d be great. 41
57) 0) text: The flight is boarding. Randall and Warren shake hands.
57) 1) dialog: So long, Randall.
57) 3) dialog: Oh, yes. Thank you. Warren turns to his daughter.
57) 4) dialog: Okay, Jeannie. Father and daughter embrace.
57) 9) dialog: So long, Jeannie. 42
57) 11) dialog: Okay.
57) 13) dialog: turns his gaze and walks heavily away.
57) 14) dialog: Dear Ngudu, I hope you're sitting down, because I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news.
58) 0) text: Warren trudges back to his car.
58) 1) dialog: Since I last wrote to you, my wife Helen -- your foster mother -- passed away unexpectedly of an aneurysm.
59) 0) text: Warren sits in his seat, draws the lapbelt around him, pu key into the ignition.
59) 1) dialog: The services were lovely and very well attended. Jeannie came in from Denver with her friend, and folks drove up from as far away as Des Moines and Wichita. It was a very moving tribute, anyway you look at it. I wish you could have been there. 43 Warren turns the key in his ignition and is rewarded only GRINDING SOUND of a bad starter. His anguish and frustration rising to the surface, he tri but this time he keeps the key engaged, forcing the start itself alive.
60) 0) text: A TOW TRUCK is backing into position, preparing to haul W car away. Warren stands nearby.
61) 0) text: Warren is dropped off by a TAXI.
61) 1) dialog: But now that all the excitement is over, and the smoke has cleared.
62) 0) text: Warren closes the front door and turns to face the vast e and silence of his home. WARREN (VO CONT’D) . ~ it’s just me and my thoughts knocking around in this big old house. He wanders into the --
63) 1) dialog: Funny thing is, that’s the way it was way back when, before I had a wife, before I had a career. before I had a daughter. Warren digs out a slice of AMERICAN CHEESE and begins unw
64) 2) dialog: I believe I mentioned in my previous letter that I was a manager in the Actuarial department at Mutual of Omaha. If I am given a man’s age, profession, place of residence, marital status and medical history, I can calculate with great probability how long that man will live. In my case, now that my wife has died, there is an eighty five percent chance that I will die within eleven years, provided I do not re-marry. Marlin Perkins himself died only two ‘. years after his wife passed on. He leans his head onto the chair back and rests his eyes, mouth dropping open.
64) 3) dialog: All I know is I’ve got to make the best of whatever time I have left.
65) 0) text: Warren’s face is in the SAME POSITION on the chair, but n sports DARK CIRCLES under his eyes and a FIVE-DAY GREY BE awakens. As he gets up, we sense that he hasn’t changed o his pajamas in days.
65) 1) dialog: I don’t want to kid you -- adjusting to life without Helen has been quite a challenge.
66) 0) text: DISHES are piled up, the GARBAGE overflows. Flies BUZZ. WARREN (VO CONT’D) But I think you’d be proud of me. Yep, this house is under new management, but you’d never know the difference. He opens the refrigerator but sees nothing of interest. I there's almost NOTHING in there. 45
66) 1) dialog: Helen wouldn’t want me sitting around, wallowing in self-pity, no- siree-bob. Why, she’d tell me to shape up or ship out! He opens a cupboard and finds only a stale package of TAC Warren fishes one out of the box and takes a bite.
67) 0) text: Now attired rather haphazardly -- perhaps his shirt is mi -- Warren climbs into the BOUNDER and starts it up.
67) 1) dialog: So I try to get out as much as I can, you know, try to stay active, stick to my routine. That’s very important in the face of big life changes.
68) 0) text: The bounder arrives, Captain Warren at the helm. It consu parking spaces
69) 2) dialog: Oh sure, I’m not quite the cook Helen was, but I remember a trick or two from my bachelor days.
70) 0) text: Warren has just finished loading the last of a DOZEN GROC onto the floor of the Bounder. 46
70) 1) dialog: It’s a lot of work keeping a household together. I suppose eventually I’11l sell the place and move to a little condo -- you know, less upkeep and so forth -- but for now I'm getting by just fine. Suddenly he is seized with a mild discomfort, realizes he something.
70) 2) dialog: Damn. He slams the Bounder door and heads back toward the store
72) 0) text: Warren sits uncomfortably on a metal FOLDING CHAIR, his h his hands. On a small table in front of him is the tube o Preparation H. The guard and the STORE MANAGER watch him. The store mana shakes his head -- it takes all kinds. Warren looks in his wallet, pulls out his BAKER’S CARD.
72) 1) dialog: I’ve got one of these. Been shopping here for years. Can’t you let it go +. just this once?—I‘ll pay-you ---- whatever you want. MANAGER . You should have thought about that before you left the store. Two BURLY OMAHA POLICEMEN come through the door.
73) 3) dialog: The name is Schmidt. Warren Schmidt. EXT. BAKER’S PARKING LOT - NIGHT No cars remain in this section of the parking lot, none e BOUNDER. A POLICE CRUISER rolls up and lets Warren out.
73) 4) dialog: Appreciate the ride, officers.
73) 7) dialog: Oh sure, sometimes I can be a tad forgetful and miss a meal or two, but I guess that’s hardly worth mentioning to someone in your - situation.
73) 9) dialog: It occurred to me that in my last letter I might have misspoken and used some negative language in reference to my late wife. But you have to understand that I was under a lot of pressure following my retirement.
73) 11) dialog: I’m not going to lie to you, Ngudu. I miss her. I miss my Helen. It’s been a rough few weeks, and I‘ve been pretty, you know, broken up from time to time.
73) 13) text: He’s touching her dresses one by one, smelling them, reme the times she wore them. . WARREN (VO CONT’D) Helen dedicated her life to me and to raising our family. I guess I just didn’t know how lucky I was to have a wife like Helen until she was gone.
74) 0) text: At his desk, Warren is reading from the letters. With eve he DEFLATES a little more, his face sagging, his eyes clo over.
74) 4) dialog: I thought you'd want these back. Ray Captures one of the letters against his chest and exa As it all sinks in -- A
74) 6) dialog: You were my friend. There’s nothing else to be done. Warren heads back to the bounder.
74) 8) dialog: (as he gets in the Bounder) It's over. It's all over. It’s all over.
75) 0) text: Warren lugs huge armloads of CLOTHING out of Helen’s clos dumps them into cardboard BOXES.
76) 0) text: Warren empties drawers and cabinets of MAKEUP and TOILETR a box.
78) 0) text: Warren pulls the Bounder into the driveway and walks towa house. : MRS. BRUSH is watering her lawn next door.
78) 2) dialog: Oh, fine, just fine. How are you?
78) 4) dialog: Oh yeah. She liked that. Well, nice to see you there, Mary. Give my best to Julius. 52
79) 0) text: Still smiling from his neighborly exchange, Warren walks the living room and OUT OF SIGHT down the hall.
80) 0) text: A tidy place with lace curtains and patterned wallpaper. wrapped seashell soaps and a stack of designed napkins si sink basin. Still sniffling, Warren enters, lowers his trousers, and sit. He catches himself and STANDS. He reaches to lift th but on second thought leaves it down. “CLOSE ON WARREN as his stream commences. He gets an IDEA -- he raises fir hand, then the other. The sound of the stream shifts rand from water-on-water to water-on-plastic to water-on-rug. Now Warren begins to turn completely around -- slowly com one full circle, then another, finally picking up the pac SPINNING like a top, anointing the entire bathroom. INT. BEDROOM — NIGHT Warren is in the midst of a troubled, fitful sleep. We MO CLOSER to him, and just as we’re upon him he OPENS HIS EY has had a REVELATION.
80) 1) dialog: Jeannie. Jeannie. He rises.
82) 0) text: Warren drives, determined, obsessed. EXT. GAS STATION — DAY A weary and disheveled Warren is at a PAYPHONE. ~ CHEERY WOMAN’S VOICE (ON PHONE) (a recording) You’ve reached Moon Dog Electronics. If you know your party's extension -- BEEP-BEEP-BEEP -- Warren presses three digits and is tran to --
82) 2) dialog: Jeannie, it’s Dad. How are you?
82) 4) dialog: Everything’s great. I have a big surprise for you. Guess what.
82) 6) dialog: That’s what I want to tell you about. I’mon the road. I’m on my way out to see you. Right now I’m just outside Grand Island.
82) 8) dialog: It’s just that I’ve been thinking about things, and I’ve realized that I haven't been the greatest father to you and, well, you’re about all I've got left, Jeannie. And I want to make it up to you. So I’ve decided to come out to Denver and help coordinate all the wedding arrangements, take the burden off of you. That’s the least I can do.
82) 10) dialog: (proud) If I drive straight through I'll be there in time for supper.
82) 12) dialog: Why not? I’ve just been sitting in Omaha twiddling my thumbs. I should be out there helping you. I mean, what the hell.
82) 14) dialog: Besides, it'll give us a chance to spend some quality time together and have some good talks, you know, before. before I lose you forever.
82) 18) dialog: (deflated) But I'm all packed and on my way in the Bounder. I could just sleep in there. I wouldn't be in the way at all. By the way, she’s really handling great on the open road. Smooth as silk.
82) 20) dialog: (wounded pride) But I assume you won’t object to me sending any more of those checks.
82) 23) text: Warren is filling the seemingly bottomless tank of the Bo It’s as though he were trying to fill his empty soul. A pot-bellied FARMER wanders by.
82) 25) dialog: Yep.
82) 27) dialog: um. let's see. Well. out to Denver.
82) 29) dialog: My daughter's getting married.
82) 31) dialog: But I've got a few days to kill on the way, So I suppose I’m going to take my time about it. see some sights.
82) 33) dialog: That‘s a good idea. Now that you mention it, my wife and I must have driven by it a dozen times, but she never wanted to stop.
82) 35) dialog: 
82) 36) dialog: Now I’m going to stop.
83) 0) text: Warren’s RV makes its way across this flat, sprawling agr landscape. The composition of the shots and the music rei Warren's sense of loneliness and alienation. INT. BOUNDER — DAY Warren drives, a sad, anxious expression on his face. Sud
83) 2) dialog: “Harold Warp’s Pioneer Village. See How America Grew. Next Exit.” He beams.
84) 0) text: The Bounder_approaches the compound known as Harold Warp' Village. (Harold Warp, by the way, invented FLEX-O0-GLASS As Warren emerges from the Bounder, his expression reveal sense of the moment, of arriving at a place long dreamed Warren arrives at the FRONT DOOR to the main building and open it, but it’s LOCKED. He peers through the window and distance notices a MAN wearing a toolbelt. Warren knocks
84) 2) dialog: How’s that?
84) 4) dialog: Oh. Thank you. INT. BOUNDER — DAY Warren is sitting at his little kitchen table, sluggish f severe depression. He’s trying to write but the words are slowly, painfully.
84) 5) dialog: Dear Ngudu, I don’t know. I don’t know anything anymore. I just. I just don‘t know. I can’t goon. My whole life. it's just nothing. It‘s nothing... and now. and now my GODDAMN
85) 1) dialog: So I decided to visit some places I hadn't been to in a long time and maybe try to figure out what has made my who I am today. There’s so much of my life I can’t seem to remember, Ngudu, whole sections of my life that are just. gone. The Bounder now takes an EXIT.
85) 2) dialog: So my first stop was none other than Holdridge, Nebraska. I thought it might be a good idea to re-visit the house where I was born sixty-seven years ago next March.
86) 2) dialog: We moved away from Holdridge when I was not much older than you, and I‘ve often wondered what our old house looks like today. Funny, I never forgot the address -- 249 Locust Avenue. I remember my Dad saying he paid $11,500 for that place. Believe it or not, that was a lot of money in those days.
86) 4) dialog: breathes a satisfied breath as he guides his vessel aroun corner. WARREN (VO CONT’D) 249 Locust Avenue. Yes, sir. He looks out the window scanning the addresses. All these houses: 225, 229, 237, 243 and finally -- 249 LOCUST AVENUE. But wait -- there’s no house here. It’s a --
87) 0) text: Looks as if that lot was re-zoned. At first crestfallen, Warren quickly decides to make the it. He’s come all these miles, waited all these years. The Bounder pulls into the parking lot.
88) 0) text: Warren walks into this modern tire store as though walkin reverently into his past. It’s all coming back to him. A chipper TIRE SALESMAN named KEN comes up.
88) 2) dialog: No, that’s okay. I’m just looking around. I used to live here.
88) 4) dialog: Yep. My childhood home was right on this spot. (walking a few steps, extending his hands) In fact my bedroom would have been right about here, the dining room over there and -- (catching himself) Of course, that was a long time ago. Way before you were born. Warren wanders off, lost in his memories. The MUSIC SWELL nostalgic and romantic sense of the past. :
88) 7) dialog: (touched) Thank you.
89) 0) text: On his way back to the Bounder, Warren surveys the parkin though it were still his front yard.
89) 1) dialog: An awful lot had changed since my day, but it was still good to be home again. Very good indeed. Spotting some LITTER, Warren picks it up and walks it to receptacle.
90) 0) text: Warren wanders onto an empty PLAYGROUND. He approaches MO BARS and jumps up, hangs for a second, drops back down. 61
90) 1) dialog: mounted on a giant spring, rocking to and fro. WARREN (VO CONT’D) I think I was a happy child. EXT. HIGHWAY — DAY The bounder zooms past a sign that reads, “Welcome to Kan
90) 2) dialog: (increasingly Charles - : - Kuralt-ish) Next stop, Lawrence Kansas, where I paid a visit to my old alma mater, K.U. I hadn’t been there in years and years, and now seemed the perfect chance to stop by. EXIT. UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS (LAWRENCE) — DAY The Bounder heads toward the center of campus.
91) 0) text: Warren walks through campus as STUDENTS bustle about.
91) 1) dialog: Believe it or not, I still have dreams about being late for class. EXT. BETA SIGMA FRATERNITY HOUSE — DAY Warren climbs the steps of this old converted house. INT. BETA SIGMA HOUSE — DAY
91) 4) text: Warren turns and looks down the HALLWAY as two YOUNG MEN backpacks approach. 62
91) 5) dialog: Say, you boys live here in this room?
91) 7) dialog: Believe it or not, this was my room too when I was a Beta Sig years ago. Do you mind if I just take a quick peek for old times’ sake? ~ DAVE-HAGGART, -an Electrical Engineering student with pim around his mouth, and PHIL GOBERSON, a good-natured, oafi exchange a look.
91) 11) dialog: Oh, yeah. Uh. Oi Koi. Dave and Phil smile proudly.
91) 14) dialog: I’m just sort of looking around. Haven't been back in years and years. 63
92) 4) dialog: is eating lunch along with all the current frat members. Charismatic CHUCK WOODARD walks over leans down to talk t
92) 6) dialog: It’s me.
92) 8) dialog: Warren Schmidt. Omaha, Nebraska. They perform the secret handshake.
92) 10) dialog: Not since the early fifties. Always too busy to break away for reunions. But I have contributed quite a bit of money over the years. You know.
92) 15) dialog: Not too much, no.
92) 19) dialog: Show me what?
92) 25) dialog: He was my roommate.
93) 0) text: Dave and Warren are taking their little tour.
93) 1) dialog: You see that tower? In my day, kids used to climb up that thing and unfurl a Go Kansas banner before big football games.
93) 3) dialog: A bong, huh? That’s great.
93) 6) dialog: Say, Dave, I think I’ve had a little too much excitement for one day. I should let you focus on your studies. 66
93) 8) dialog: I know where it is now, so I can come back. Thanks a lot for your hospitality and the tour and everything. I know I kind of barged inon you. You’ve been great. He offers his hand for the secret handshake. DAVE a You know, we're having a little mixer tonight to welcome the new pledges and little sisters. You ought to stop by. Warren gives a knowing smile.
93) 9) dialog: Oh, no. That’s for you young fellas. I know what goes on at those things.
93) 11) dialog: Honored? Really?
93) 13) dialog: (brightening) Really?
94) 1) dialog: through the blurry shower door, humming an old tune.
96) 0) text: Warren opens the little vanity mirror inside the visor an his hair, checks his appearance. INT. BETA SIGMA ~— NIGHT FRATERNITY and SORORITY STUDENTS mill about the lower flo music, but no one dances. There is beer, but few drink. D correctly -- it is indeed more of a reception than a part stiffness about the affair. Warren comes through the front door. He wears a sporty po beneath his jacket. He smiles warmly at no one in particular as he enters the room. He even seems to have a little bounce in his step. looks around amicably for a familiar face. He finds none, there is that _awkwa: ment of a nice guy in limbo at a pa He spots the drinks table and heads thither. A young man BARTENDER.
96) 2) dialog: I'm looking for a cold beer is what I’m looking for.
96) 4) dialog: And none of this ‘sir’ stuff. I'm one of your Beta Sig brothers.
96) 6) dialog: I taught him everything he knows. Chuck and Phil sidle up. Chuck puts his arm around Warren shoulder. 68
96) 8) dialog: check my ID
96) 10) dialog: Oh, like I'm a visiting dignitary.
96) 13) dialog: The time of my life. It really takes me back to when I was you fellas’ age. Doesn’t feel as though any time has passed at all. But you guys are a little too low-key here, I mean, c’mon. When we had fraternity parties in my day, we used to let it all hang out.
96) 15) dialog: I don’t know. I’m still a little disappointed in you guys. I’m going to have to include this in my report. Warren CHUGS the rest of his beer and motions to the bart fill it up again. 69
96) 18) dialog: sitting in a chair in a corner. He’s a little drunk by no is studying something in the palm of his hand. WARREN’S HAND -- - : containing a little piece of PAPER with notes for a speec
96) 19) dialog: trying to memorize his remarks. CHUCK (CONT’D) We are a family of brothers and sisters, and with the concepts of Beta and Smigma, we can achieve more together than we ever could as individuals. For he who stands away from the pack can never be dealt with or played with. I hereby welcome you into this elite club. All applaud or raise their glasses.
96) 24) dialog: (confidential at first) You want to know what Roger Schuyler was like? He was a selfish jerk. That guy cheated and screwed around and treated everybody like dog, you know, poop.
96) 26) dialog: (getting fired up) - and now he’s running around like he’s some kind of bigshot. You want to guess who did his Statistics final that time so he could get an A and get into Phi Beta Kappa and all that? (jabbing a finger into his own shoulder) Me. You're looking at him. Me, that’s who. He mention that in his book?
96) 29) dialog: I can’t get over you guys. No drinking, no carousing, no carrying on at all. I thought you college kids -- let me tell you something, and I want you to listen very hard. That test tomorrow is meaningless. (he’s starting to slur) The senselessness of it all is going to hit you someday like a ton of bricks. What matters now is to enjoy your youth. Do you hear me? Live it up a little. Let me show you how we used to do it in my day. Warren takes his beer, lifts it to his lips, takes a deep and chugs the whole thing, little streams of beer trailin the sides of his mouth and onto his neck. He slams the pl cup onto the table.
96) 30) dialog: Fill her up, partner. With ethyl, if- you got it. 72 Be does so, and Warren downs this one even faster.
96) 31) dialog: Aaaaaah. That's better. Now that’s two for me and zero for you. C’mon, do yourself a favor. You've got to live life!
96) 33) dialog: That’s the spirit. He slaps Dave hard on the back. They take their beers.
96) 34) dialog: One, two, three. Down the old hatcharoo. Warren finishes his slower this t not without gagging noises. Dave takes only a sip.
96) 35) dialog: Set ‘em up again.
96) 37) dialog: Slow down? You think I ought to SLOW DOWN? I’ve been slowing down all my goddamn life! I’ve had enough slow down here, slow down there, slow down left and right and over there. YOU slow down! Everyone has now quieted and turned t drinks table. Warren reels around. tears. © look at the scene by the Dave is on the verge of
96) 38) dialog: What are you all looking at me like that for? This guy thinks I should slow down. I think you should all be speeding up! Let’s have a party. He starts to dance grotesquely around the room, exhorting join his festive mood. 73
96) 39) dialog: C'mon, everybody, let’s have a party! Let’s sing some drinking songs and have a real party! C’mon, you guys! He grabs a pretty YOUNG WOMAN and begins to dance with he Warren releases the unresponsive girl, seizes a PLEDGE, a starts to dance with him. Finally stumbles and falls but gets back up again. WARREN (CONT“D) Why are you all so BORING? You know who I am? I’m Roger Schuyler’s roommate. I’m Roger fucking Schuyler’s roommate! But he didn’t build that building. I did! He’s MY roommate. It’s MY building! Someone has cut the music by this time, and between Warre is a terrible silence. He collapses in a chair, and his voice trails off. He slu mouth open. He blinks heavily, and we cut to his blurred view. Everyone is still. Chuck motions to Phil. They walk over hoist Warren out of the chair. As they drag him out of th we occasionally cut to Warren’s point of view -- the trav floor, the stunned onlookers.
96) 43) dialog: now fits the plate back in his mouth. He looks haggard an As he turns away from the sink, his head throbs even more severely,..and he holds his head, sits down.
96) 44) dialog: Well, Ngudu, I’m happy to report that the campus may have changed a bit, but it was the same old KU I remember, full of friendship and camaraderie.
96) 46) dialog: I managed to hook up with some kids at my old fraternity Beta Sigma, and we had a grand old time, really put on the dog. I’m no spring chicken, of course, but you’d be surprised how well I held my own with the younger set. EXT. GAS STATION IN SMALL TOWN — DAY The Bounder pulls to a stop. WARREN (VO CONT’D) Here’s some advice: I highly recommend that you pledge a fraternity when you go to college. The relationships you form there will stick with you for the rest of your life. NOW AT THE PAYPHONE — Warren reads a number from the UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS ALUMN DIRECTORY and dials. WOMAN ‘S VOICE (ON PHONE Hello? 75 WARREN . Yes, is Roger Schuyler there please?
96) 48) dialog: Yes. This is, uh, George Wilson from the university club out here in Lawrence.
96) 51) dialog: Mr. Schuyler?
96) 53) dialog: No, I’m fairly new here, and I’m afraid I’ve been called upon to deliver some. rather unfortunate news.
96) 55) dialog: This afternoon there was. an incident at the student center. A fire.
96) 57) dialog: The damage is quite extensive. The firemen are still out there, but it looks as though it could be a total loss.
96) 59) dialog: They think it was arson. 76
96) 61) dialog: (that’s a good one) Well, that’s the very unfortunate news. The bodies of two freshman girls have been recovered so far, and there could be more.
96) 63) dialog: And five firemen have been hospitalized so far. One in critical condition.
96) 65) dialog: (barely keeping it together) A wall caved in on them.
96) 67) dialog: I've got to go now. They need me. I’1l call you back as soon as I can with an update.
97) 0) text: Warren exits an old building that houses a local MUSEUM. 77
97) 1) dialog: Anyway, after my little walk down memory lane, it was tourist time for yours truly. I made my way back to Nebraska and stopped in at the Custer County historical museum in Broken Bow to see their fine collection of arrowheads.
98) 0) text: Drinking from a soft-drink cup with a capacity greater th human bladder, Warren is talking with a NATIVE AMERICAN C —_—- WARREN (VO CONT’D) Later that same day, at a local grocery, I was lucky enough to encounter a real Indian, or Native American, as they like to be called nowadays. We had a nice chat about the history of the area, and he really opened my eyes. Those people got a raw deal. Just a raw deal. Don‘t forget they were here before we were. EXT. THE KEARNY ARCH — DAY This is an immense arch constructed over I-80. Like at th Louis arch, visitors can climb to the top for a fine view at the gift store on their way out. WARREN (VO CONT’D) I finally went up into the new arch over the interstate outside Kearny, climbing all 179 steps. EXT. “THINGS ‘N STUFF” ANTIQUE STORE - DAY A typical roadside bric-a-brac place. WARREN (VO CONT’D) And, you know, I pull the Bounder over whenever I feel like stretching my legs, taking in a local sight, or browsing for antiques.
99) 0) text: Warren is browsing inside. 78
99) 1) dialog: The other day, for example, at an antique store in Cozad, I came across a fine collection of rare Hummels.
99) 3) text: Warren is talking to the rather LARGE WOMAN who owns the
99) 4) dialog: The owner told me that Hummels, aside = from being very decorative, increase in value on average 6% a year, provided they are kept in mint condition.
100) 0) text: Warren is at his dinette table, eating soup and admiring HUMMELS laid out in front of him.
100) 1) dialog: Helen loved Hummels. There's a KNOCK at the door. Warren opens the door to find middle-aged JOHN RUSK.
100) 3) dialog: Yes?
100) 5) dialog: Ahoy to you.
100) 7) dialog: Warren Schmidt. Omaha. 79
100) 9) dialog: Thank you. Yeah, it’s quite a. 1I‘m pretty happy with it.
100) 11) dialog: Uh-huh. . An awkward moment while John waits for an invitation. T
100) 13) dialog: How’s that?
100) 15) dialog: Sure. Be my guest. Warren steps back. John Rusk climbs the gangplank.
100) 17) dialog: Thank you. I’ve only been on the road about a week.
100) 19) dialog: Yes. 80
100) 21) dialog: That’s right.
100) 23) dialog: (in the spirit) - L..don!t. know. .I’11 have. to check my calendar.
101) 0) text: Warren has combed his hair and changed into nicer clothes sportcoat and open shirt. He carries a six-pack of MICHEL He passes the more low-rent RV's and arrives at the Rusk’ -Bounder. Be knocks, and VICKI RUSK opens the door.
101) 1) dialog: Ahoy, there.
102) 0) text: Warren steps aboard.
102) 2) dialog: Warren Schmidt.
102) 5) dialog: (sniffing the air) Smells de-lish. 81 Vicki goes to the stove and stirs a pot.
102) 7) dialog: Oh yeah. A FLUSH is heard, and almost simultaneously John Rusk eme the bathroom between Vicki and Warren.
102) 9) dialog: Hey! They shake hands like old friends.
102) 11) dialog: Sure. warren removes his coat. While John puts it on a mini-han the tiny closet, Warren smells a new odor.
102) 12) dialog: Something burning?
102) 14) dialog: Oh. The limited space inside the Bounder requires all three o constantly to maneuver around one another.
102) 19) dialog: So what do'you do back in Eau Claire?
102) 21) dialog: Shoes, huh?
102) 23) dialog: I was in the insurance game, but I‘m retired now.
102) 27) dialog: Now Denise is your oldest? 83
102) 29) dialog: A girl named Sloan? Never heard that one before.
102) 32) dialog: Hmmm? No. Not on me.
102) 34) dialog: I might have one of George Washington, though. That just cracks John and Vicki up.
102) 36) dialog: who? They’re on a roll!
102) 38) dialog: This Saturday.
102) 40) dialog: I’m on my way. 84
102) 42) dialog: Well, I figured I’m paying for the wedding, sow.
102) 46) dialog: Oh yeah. LATER —- Warren and Vicki are alone now, and they have repaired to “salon” area of the Bounder. Vicki is perched with her le tucked under her, like a middle-aged slightly overweight Midwestern Scotch-German Erté nymph.
102) 47) dialog: Yep, that’s quite a family you got there. You and John are very lucky.
102) 49) dialog: Sure.
102) 51) dialog: I don’t think so.
102) 54) dialog: Well, you know it is quite an adjustment there when you lose a spouse.
102) 56) dialog: Like. like what?
102) 58) dialog: (low) I ama little lonely.
102) 60) dialog: You're a very understanding woman. 86
102) 62) dialog: (gathering his courage) You want to know the real truth?
102) 64) text: Warren trails off, overcome by his own honesty. Vicki rea to comfort him, touching his shoulder.
102) 68) dialog: I’m sorry. Oh God. I didn’t mean tow I was just. I mean, you understand me, and IL
103) 0) text: Warren now scampers back across the campground. He reache Bounder and starts to DISCONNECT it from the hook-ups.
104) 0) text: Warren steps up, climbs into the driver’s seat and starts engine.
105) 0) text: Warren backs out his RV and heads toward the exit.
106) 1) text: As he turns into the road, his headlights find a solitary Why, it’s JOHN RUSK just back from his trip to the corner like he got a whole case too, not just a six-pack. Unsure how to react to what looks like Warren's Bounder, gives a little aborted wave. Warren keeps his eyes straight ahead and SPEEDS UP. 88
107) 0) text: Sunrise finds the Bounder on the shoulder as a HIGHWAY PA pulls up behind it. The PATROLMAN gets out and walks up t driver's window. There’s Warren passed out against the steering wheel, a t strand of DROOL hanging from his open mouth. He seems dea RAP-RAP. Warren startles awake, looks around disoriented, slides open his window.
107) 3) dialog: I must have missed that.
107) 5) dialog: I’m just going out to Denver to see my daughter. She’s getting married, and --
107) 7) dialog: As my journey draws to a close, I reflect back on all I’ve seen and done, and I think it’s been a good trip, a rewarding trip. And last night, my final night on the road, was the best of all. It was a very special night. 89 EXT. WOODED AREA — DUSK The Bounder makes its way down a pastoral tree-lined grav WARREN (VO CONT’D) I‘d spent a wonderful day driving in the North Platte area. Ona lark I turned down a country road, and before you know it I found myself in avery lovely wooded area. LATER — Warren steps out of the Bounder and looks around him at t shrubbery. He can.hear the nearby creek. He keeps looking -- what a lovely spot. WARREN (VO CONT‘D) It was so quiet. And I was all alone, and — bear with me here — I felt something sort of come over me, like a sense of. peace, you might say. Nature can do that to you sometimes — make you feel all small and overpowered. Make you think about things. Important things. LATER — Warren sits OUTSIDE the Bounder on a folding chair, drink Scotch and enjoying the smells and sounds. WARREN (VO CONT’D) Long story short, I decided to be adventurous and spend the night right there. LATER — Warren is now ON TOP OF THE BOUNDER, wrapped in a blanket WARREN (VO CONT’D) Just me and my thoughts and God’s great universe stretched out above me. We notice that Warren is looking at —
107) 9) dialog: picks up one of the Hummels and kisses it before replacin alongside the others. 90 WARREN . (addressing the Hummels) Helen. Belen I miss you so much. This trip would have made you so happy. I‘ve seen so many things I've wanted to show you and thought so many thoughts I wish I could have shared with you. Oh, Helen. (losing it) I forgive you. I forgive you for Ray. I know it was a long time ago, and maybe I wasn’t the king of kings. But I tried. I tried real hard. I’m + sorry I let you down. (dissolving in tears, now addressing the sky) Helen, I miss you so much. Can you forgive me? Can you ever forgive me? THE BLACK SKY, THE INFINITE STARS — As Warren’s sobs continue.
107) 10) dialog: And lying outside, looking up at all the stars, I had a sort of Epiphany. The universe or Helen or something seemed to be telling me there were certain things I had to clear up, certain situations I had to set right. Just then — a SHOOTING STAR goes by.
107) 11) dialog: moved by the miracle he just witnessed, mouths a silent w awkwardly crosses himself. LATER — It’s DAWN now, and Warren, bundled up in blankets atop th Bounder, is awakened by his own SHIVERING and CHATTERING FROM BELOW — Warren peeks over the edge — it’s a long way down, and he and stiff. Warren turns around, easing a foot over to sea the first step on the ladder. After a clumsy and protract struggle, he finally manages to lower his aching body bac Earth. LATER — The Bounder pulls out abruptly and the forgotten Hummels off the roof, SMASHING TO BITS on the road. 91 EXT. PAYPHONE SOMEWHERE — DAY Warren has just finished dialing.
107) 14) dialog: Ray, it’s Warren. I know we separated on a bit of a sour note. But I just thought I should call and let you know that I’ve been doing some thinking and some soul searching and, well, I'm willing to talk about all this. If you are. I mean, we've been good friends all these years, and I don't know. I just wanted to say that I’m willing to talk about this. Because with all the — WOMAN’S VOICE (ON PHONE) (interrupting) If you wish to continue recording or deliver your message, press pound. To erase your message and start again, press star. Warren momentarily panics, unsure which key is which. He one. WOMAN'S VOICE (ON PHONE CONT’D) Message erased. To record your message, press star-nine... Warren looks at keypad for a second, then hangs up.
108) 0) text: Warren sits at a BOOTH by the window, writing to Ngudu. 92
108) 1) dialog: Yes sir, no more pussy-footing around for yours truly. From now on, I’m going to do exactly what I want and say exactly what I feel. The WAITRESS comes over, pen and pad at the ready.
108) 2) dialog: I’d like a plain omelet, no potatoes, tomatoes instead, a cup of coffee and wheat toast.
108) 4) dialog: Oh. Okay. 1/11 just have the potatoes then.
108) 6) dialog: Well, I'11 close now and get this little travelogue in the post before I cross over into Colorado and head on into Denver. Wish me luck -- I might be dropping a pretty big bomb when I get there. So until next time, this is you trusty correspondent Warren R. Schmidt signing off.
110) 0) text: Warren ascends the front steps of this large older home w wooden porch and RINGS THE DOORBELL. A few moments later the door is opened by ROBERTA HERTZEL large, grand woman in a long, flowing muu-muu and festoon enormous jade jewelry -- necklace, jangling bracelets and Oh, and no bra.
110) 2) dialog: Hope I'm not intruding.
110) 4) dialog: I don't suppose Jeannie’s here yet.
111) 0) text: Roberta leads Warren into this much lived-in house, takes coat.
111) 2) dialog: (no idea) Oh, yes. Very nice card. Thank you. Lovely card.
111) 4) dialog: Thank you. And of course you know we had planned to do this traveling together.
111) 6) dialog: That's why we bought the Bounder.
111) 9) dialog: (holding up his hand) Oh, no, I’m fine. 1/11 wait till the kids get here.
111) 11) dialog: What the hell. Make it two. Roberta and Warren sit on the sofa in the living room.
111) 13) dialog: Thanks for taking such good care of everything.
111) 16) dialog: Oh! Jeez, I’ve sort of been in my own little world, and I guess I must have missed that. (getting up) I’ll run out to the Bounder right now and get my checkbook.
111) 29) dialog: Just briefly. The back door SLAMS loudly.
111) 31) dialog: I didn’t know you were married before. 97
111) 33) dialog: Buh.
111) 35) dialog: He’s. well, I know Jeannie seems to be rather taken with him.
111) 40) dialog: Fine.
111) 43) dialog: Ri, sweetheart. They embrace.
111) 45) dialog: Great. Just great. _
111) 47) dialog: Ran into a little traffic coming into town this afternoon. Ended up veering off 90 onto the 6 but that wasn’t any better. Must have been an accident or construction or something.
111) 51) dialog: Thanks for the tip.
111) 53) dialog: Jeannie, if you’ve got a moment, I need to talk to you about something. 99
111) 55) dialog: It's very important. I just need a few minutes alone with you.
111) 57) dialog: watches him from across the dinner table. These are the g lips that kiss my daughter’s flesh. And he looks at -- ROBERTA. And at -- LARRY and SAUNDRA (we'll meet them shortly). And -- DUNCAN. He is clearly Randall’s younger brother. Same hair, same mustaches, same sloped forehead. And at --
111) 59) dialog: Say, Randall, how’d that investment situation work out for you? You never called me. No one speaks. Randall turns a little pale.
111) 78) dialog: Thank you, Larry. Thank you very much. Jeannie leans across Randall to KISS Larry on the cheek.
111) 82) dialog: (finding his chance) Say, Jeannie, how about that few minutes alone?
111) 86) dialog: Actually, no. Just give me a few minutes. Jeannie looks at Randall with a look of “I have to do thi
112) 2) dialog: Like I said, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking.
112) 4) dialog: And long story short. I think you're making a big mistake. (lowering his voice) Don’t marry this guy. Don’t do it. You'll regret it sooner or later. I know it. I just know it. Jeannie searches his face, incredulous.
112) 5) dialog: Don’t marry Randall. I’m begging you. 103
112) 7) dialog: No, you’re not listening. You’ve got to listen to me. This guy, he’s just not up to snuff. You know, he’s just sow
112) 10) dialog: No. This is not like that.
113) 3) dialog: is dressed in pajamas and brushing his teeth as he takes Randall's old room, a museum of Randall’s mediocre adoles
113) 9) dialog: now realizes where he has awakened. He rolls over to get water bed but can't. Ouch. What's going on? Warren now realizes he has a TERRIBLE PAIN IN HIS NECK AN He contorts around, keeping his head rigidly fixed, makes failed, sloshing attempt to rise out of bed. He GROANS re
113) 13) dialog: Come in. The door opens, and Roberta pokes her head in.
113) 15) dialog: lying improbably on the ground, one leg still up on the e the bed. ROBERTA (CONT’D) Warren, what's wrong?
113) 16) dialog: Oh, I'm fine. Just a little stiff is all. My neck, uh. I‘1l be okay.
113) 18) dialog: (a feeble old-man joke) I guess it was just a little farther to the ground than I thought.
113) 20) dialog: No, I think it’s better if I‘mona hard surface.
113) 23) dialog: I’m sorry, Jeannie. I’m sure I’ll rally in a few hours. The Advil is kicking in pretty good.
113) 26) dialog: I just think it’s the bed. I need something firmer.
113) 28) dialog: I don’t know. I’m pretty sure I need a harder surface.
113) 32) dialog: The receipt?
113) 34) dialog: It’s in my breast pocket over there on the chair. 107
113) 38) dialog: as Jeannie begins to SOB. He tries to sit up, but winces in excruciating pain.
113) 41) dialog: I could eat a horse. ROBERTA .. Chicken noodle soup okay?
113) 42) dialog: Wonderful. She sets the tray down next to Warren.
113) 44) dialog: (low) Yes. 108 Roberta now SITS on the bed, creating some rough seas. Wh waves calm, she places a napkin on Warren's chest and gra spoon and steaming bowl from the tray.
113) 45) dialog: Oh, I can feed myself.
113) 47) dialog: (he knows she’s right) Thank you. + Roberta begins feeding Warren spoonful after spoonful. An odd but undeniable intimacy informs their conversation. ee
113) 50) dialog: No, this is definitely real.
113) 53) dialog: It’s the bed. I’m telling you, I slept wrong.
113) 55) dialog: (affecting a smile) Oh, no. I'm fine. Roberta catches some soup dribbling down his chin and spo back into his mouth. ROBERTA (CONT’D) Don't lie to me. Jeannie told us all about your little panic attack last night. Warren opens his mouth to speak but Roberta pre-empts him mouthful of soup.
113) 60) dialog: No, I think I'm set. INT. RANDALL’S ROOM - DAY Warren is on his feet, awkwardly trying to slip his secon into his dress shirt, an excruciating task. The door opens, and Roberta comes in. She is now very nicely dressed for the rehearsal.
113) 62) dialog: Just dandy. A couple more Advil should do the trick. Warren now raises his chin in order to lift his collar an hideously painful reaction.
113) 65) dialog: What is it? Roberta raises the glasses hanging around her neck and ex the label.
115) 2) dialog: He is blissful. The world is beautiful. Sure, his pupils dilated, his mouth is dry, and he licks his lips compulsi what the hell.
115) 4) dialog: Hmmmh?
115) 6) dialog: (sort of to himself) Messerschmitt. You can call me Messerschmitt. They used to call me Messerschmitt at the frat house. Yes sir. He cracks up.
117) 4) dialog: That stuff you gave me -- wow. You’ve got to write the name of that down for me. That really does the trick. Boy, I tell you.
117) 6) dialog: Whatever you say, Dr. Howzel. EXT. ROBERTA’S DECK - WIGHT Warren is marinating in the sunken HOT TUB. The steam, th bubbles. A second-storey WINDOW OPENS. Roberta’s head pop
117) 8) dialog: Oh, this is incredible. I had no idea. This is indescribable.
117) 13) dialog: Yeah, it’s pretty amazing all right.
117) 15) dialog: Well, Jeannie and Randall seem to have some very nice friends out here.
117) 18) dialog: Thank you. 115
117) 20) dialog: I don't ski.
117) 22) text: Roberta’s hand travels through the bubbles and comes to r Warren's knee.
117) 23) dialog: can barely suppress his panic.
117) 26) dialog: I need to get to bed.
117) 28) dialog: I'm all tuckered out. Goodnight, Roberta. Thanks for everything. Warren turns to go inside.
118) 0) text: Still in his trunks and wrapped in a towel, Warren walks across Roberta’s front lawn toward the Bounder.
119) 0) text: The door opens, and Warren climbs up, locking the door be He is not tuckered out, as he told Roberta. He is wide aw He pulls a little 8-ounce can of V-8 out of his mini-frid tries to open the irritating peel-off top.
120) 3) text: ~- Randall waiting expectantly by the minister. Instead o usual pony-tail, he now wears his hair loose to mark this a-lifetime occasion. -- Roberta walks solo, nodding broadly to people as she g Roberta has chosen an African floral theme today. And an unfortunate hat. -- Larry walks with Saundra. Saundra is unsteady on her h Larry has a huge grin on his shiny face. -- Finally EVERYONE STANDS as the WEDDING MARCH commences walks Jeannie down the aisle. She is nervous and excited wears too much make-up. Warren has deep, deep circles und eyes, and his neck is still very stiff. Warren We follow them all the way until Warren lifts her veil an her cheek. Jeannie then takes Randall‘s hand as they find Place before God. Warren takes his seat in the front row.
122) 2) text: Warren is gesturing to a WAITER.
122) 3) dialog: (mouthing) Could I have some more? Warren is already quite DRUNK and isn’t paying much atten the TOAST being given at the DEEJAY BOOTH by best man DEN is nervous about his own upcoming toast, and he is MAKING a NAPKIN.
122) 7) dialog: Buh?
122) 9) dialog: Yeah. That’s what I’m going to do. That’s exactly what I’m going to do.
122) 12) dialog: I didn’t get much sleep last night. In fact, I didn’t get any sleep at all. So forgive me if I'ma little. foggy. He looks over at -~
122) 14) dialog: searches his soul for the right words. ° WARREN (CONT'D) ~~ 7 -— I was awake all night, thinking about things, thinking about a lot of things. But I guess I should have been thinking more about what I was going to say here today. Scattered, uncomfortable LAUGHTER. But Warren doesn’t lau with them. He was serious.
122) 15) dialog: I was thinking about Jeannie when she was a little girl and about how sweet she was, how she was everything to Helen and me. And I was thinking about how sad I was when she moved to Boulder. Of course I supported her decision to go to college, but I guess somehow in the back of my mind I always thought she'd land back in Omaha. With her mother and me. But it didn’t work out that way. People go their own way in life. And there’s nothing you can do about it. Warren realizes he’s rambling and tries to focus. Those n was making sure would be handy. He glances over at where sitting, only to see a WAITER clearing the table. The speech that follows is so forced that it’s painful to like a Special Olympics version of a wedding toast.
122) 16) dialog: But, you know, today is a special day. We're here to mark a crossroads in the lives of two people, a crossroads where they come together and now walk along a new road.
122) 18) dialog: It’s not the same road they were each on at the beginning. It’s a new road. A wonderful new road. It’s a road that, um. He stares at a spot on the floor. His body is completely
122) 19) dialog: As many of you know, I lost my wife recently, and Jeannie lost her mother. Helen and I were married forty-two years. She died very suddenly. I know we all wish she could be with us today, and I think it would be appropriate to .* acknowledge just how pleased she was that Jeannie had found someone to share her life with, a companion, a partner. (the words tasting of metal) From what I’ve seen, Jeannie, I’m betting you and Randall will have as happy a marriage as Helen and I did. I recall the day Jeannie first told us she had been proposed to. We hadn’t yet met this Randall fellow, so we were understandably a little suspicious. Later she brought him home for Christmas so we could get a look at him. I remember there was a big snowstorm. Randall here helped me shovel off the front walk. He pitched right in. Randall beams and nods and jokingly flexes a muscle for t benefit of the crowd. WARREN (CONT’D) But that brings me to what I really wanted to say. What I want to say is that, uh. Thank you to you, Randall, for taking such good care of my daughter, especially recently with our loss. Ever since I arrived here on Thursday afternoon, just two days ago, I’ve so enjoyed getting to know Jeannie’s new family here in Denver.
122) 21) dialog: (finally on a roll) Roberta, thank you for your generosity, for opening your home. Your talent in the kitchen. Larry, your eloquence. Saundra, your skill at handicrafts is truly remarkable -- that item you showed me was so very, very artistic. Duncan, I haven’t gotten to know you very well, but I could tell from our brief conversation Thursday night that you're a very thoughtful young man. And everybody else. Terrific people. (He’s almost there.) : In conclusion,-I just want to say that on this special day, this very special occasion, I am. proud. Everyone is a little unsure about the moment. Was that it
123) 0) text: Warren rushes into the bathroom and heads for the URINAL. ON WARREN’S FACE -- as he begins a seemingly ENDLESS PEE, one hand on the wal support. A range of emotions -- from grief to relief -- c face.
124) 0) text: Warren and Jeannie are DANCING arm-in-arm to a lovely slo
124) 2) dialog: Yep, I’d say you really pulled it off. I’m proud of you. 124
124) 4) dialog: I just want you to be happy. That’s all I’ve ever wanted. She leans her head on Daddy’s shoulder. Randall saunters taps Warren on the back, makes a gesture of cutting in. RANDALL . May?
124) 5) dialog: Be my guest. Warren wanders off the dance floor. He takes a seat an em table and watches his daughter dance.
124) 6) dialog: Dear Ngudu, You'll be glad to know Jeannie’s wedding came off without a hitch. It was a first-class affair all the way. Right now she and Randall are on their way to sunny Hawaii, on my nickel of course.
125) 0) text: Warren drives. WARREN (VO CONT’D) As for ma, I’m on my way back to Omaha. I’m driving straight through this time, and I’ve only made one stop. That’s right -- I finally got to visit Pioneer Village.
126) 0) text: Warren walks across the parking lot and through the front
127) 0) text: Warren wanders among the myriad displays of historical ar The sheer volume of objects is staggering. 125 WARREN (VO CONT’D) You really have to see it to believe it. Looking at all that history and all those things made by people long dead kind of gets you thinking.
128) 0) text: Passing a COVERED WAGON, he stops at a SOD HOUSE and pats wall, impressed by its durability after all these years. WARREN (VO CONT'D) +e We're all pretty small in the big scheme of things, and the most you can hope for is make some kind of difference. But what kind of a difference have I made? What in the world is better because of me? I have accomplished nothing. Even my trip to Denver was insignificant compared to the journeys others have taken, to the hardships they endured, the bravery they showed.
129) 0) text: Through the windshield we see a sign -- “OMAHA NEXT 11 EX PAN to Warren at the wheel. WARREN (VO CONT’D) When I was out in Denver I tried to tell Jeannie that I thought she was making a big mistake, but it just didn’t work. And now she’s married to that guy, that imbecile. I'ma coward. And I’ma failure. There's no getting around it.
130) 0) text: Warren opens his front door, pushing extra hard because o voluminous MAIL that has been pushed through the door. He down a suitcase and stoops to collect the mail.
130) 1) dialog: Relatively soon I will die. Maybe in twenty years, maybe tomorrow. It doesn’t matter. Once I am dead, and everyone who ever knew me dies too, it will be as though I never existed. What difference has my life made to anyone? My life has added up to nothing. 126
131) 0) text: Warren sets his suitcase down on the bed and takes off hi Raaahh. But wait -~- something smells a little funny. Not funny, but BAD. He follows his nose to the source of the and heads toward --
132) 0) text: Warren cringes at the rank smell of his own stale urine. BATH TOWEL, soaks it in water and kneels to begins scrubb carpet.
133) 0) text: Warren throws the stack of mail on his desk and notices -
133) 3) dialog: looks at Ngudu’s painting and is flooded with emotion. So this child’s simple act has unleashed all of Warren’s com long suppressed emotions, emotions he will never understa breath shortens. Tears come. His wife, his daughter, his emptiness, his loneliness, his grief, his entire misspent But then, out of his tears emerges an odd, uncontrollable His