3) 2) text: ACROSS THE ROOM -- Her daughter CAITLIN hangs with two yo girls. Shows off a plush TEDDY BEAR, says:
3) 3) dialog: His name is Mr. Perkins, my Mom named  him for me.
3) 6) text: Caitlin nods. Kid #2:
3) 10) dialog: Swear.
6) 7) text: At which point, young Caitlin says:
6) 8) dialog: How would you know?
13) 0) text: Back at home, business as usual, pre-Christmas. A COMMOTI has arisen: Gingerly, bones still aching, Samantha moves  toward the KITCHEN. HAL and CAITLIN trail behind.
13) 3) dialog: Daddy, make her stop!
14) 0) text: Hal worriedly exits to the garage. Plucks a tomato from t fridge, tosses it to Caitlin, who stands in the door.
14) 2) text: Caitlin turns, tosses it to Sam --
14) 3) dialog: Tomato.
14) 8) text: And it becomes a bucket brigade. Hal heaves veggies to Ca who spins and relays to Mom who slices, dices, purees, an even makes curly fries. Veggies, incoming. HAL starts to  lose it, starts lobbing them at Caitlin, one after anothe she giggles, starts throwing them overhand --
14) 9) dialog: Tomato. Tomato. Tomato.
14) 10) text: And now it's a food fight, PELTING Mom, and the floor is  COVERED with food as Hal stumbles in laughing, scoops up  Caitlin -- Samantha shakes her head, grinning, dices to pieces a las lovely radish. Ends with a flourish, TA-DAH-! Doesn't thi Flips the knife point up on ONE FINGER. Tips it for balan Lobs a tomato. Slings the knife without looking, pins it the wall, KA-CHUK--! Everyone goes silent. The knife, quivering. Caitlin and H turn as one, gaping at her. She shrugs numbly. Blinks.
17) 0) text: Samantha and daughter CAITLIN sing a hearty chorus of "Fr Jaques." Sam giggles , Caitlin looks nervous; astride her new two-wheeler BICYCLE while Sam finishes removing the  training wheels. Caitlin points to her stuffed TEDDY BEAR
17) 1) dialog: Put Perkins in the basket. He's luck.
17) 3) dialog: Are the training wheels off?
17) 5) dialog: Wait...! I'm scared.
17) 7) dialog: Mom, I can't do it, swear --
17) 8) text: Samantha sets her sailing. Laughs excitedly. The bike wea side to side... hits the curb and topples with a CRASH. S Caitlin to the pavement. Now's she's CRYING.
17) 9) dialog: Ouch--! I can't do it, it HURTS-!
17) 12) dialog: My arm hurts, please take me home...!
17) 15) dialog: Mom, no...!
17) 17) text: She hoists her onto the seat. Caitlin cries and hollers.
17) 19) dialog: My wrist hurts...!
18) 0) text: CAITLIN huddles on the steps, itching at her brand new WR CAST. Eavesdropping on her parents. In the kitchen a coun top TV is on, the Three Stooges. Samantha is on the phone saying:
20) 2) text: He swings the big GUN. Slams the barrel into her. Glass  shatters, M&amp;M's everywhere. She gapes at him, dumbstr unable to THINK... Hurry it up, lady, we need a decision, live or *die* -- SHE GRABS THE GUN BARREL. Wrenches the gun...! On the ste CAITLIN howls, eyes like saucers --
20) 3) dialog: Mommy...!
20) 5) text: Sam's cry is a veritable shriek. HAL LAUNCHES himself fro the kitchen doorway. Pounces on Jack, snarling -- brave,  useless. For his trouble, gets three broken ribs and a tr to the fireplace, airborne. Comes down. Catches fire. ROL over and over on broken ribs -- JACK kicks Samantha in the gut. She collapses onto the st Splinters the banister. That's when he sees CAITLIN. Top the stairs, paralyzed.
20) 7) text: Jack is already moving forward. SPIN-COCKS the shotgun, d a bead -- Promptly slips on festive M&amp;M's. Goes down. goes off, WHAM-! A flat concussion. The banister EXPLODES storm of wood chips, as SAMANTHA surges up the stairs, to her daughter -- JACK. On the ground. Fires, *wham*--! The wall DISAPPEARS three inches from Caitlin's head. Blown to shreds, you ca see outdoors. Samantha doesn't miss a beat. Grabs her dau flings her OUTSIDE. Through the hole in the wall. Takes h by the belt and fucking HURLS her out into space...!
23) 0) text: Sam's looked better. Kneels beside Caitlin, says softly:
23) 2) text: Caitlin looks at the floor. Doesn't respond. Samantha rea in a cupboard. Produces a box of CANDLES. Lights a match, touches flame to one of them.
23) 4) text: She touches Caitlin's wrist cast. Pain in her features. S grabs a marker pen and writes a TELEPHONE NUMBER on it.
41) 2) text: The silver-haired man appears unperturbed. And no, by the way, it didn't escape us that he shares his surname with  Caitlin's TEDDY BEAR, the one Mom named -- He nods, says:
63) 0) text: Henessey lights a smoke at the bar. Flicks the match in a trashcan. Starts to go, stops... Reaches into the can. Pl out a tiny scrap: PHOTOGRAPH, ripped in two. A photo of Hal and Caitlin. He pockets it, disturbed. Crosses to the bathroom door. T shower has stopped. Raises a tentative hand, starts to  knock... It OPENS. There, in a thin silk robe, is a WOMAN swabbing at her hair. She breezes out of the bathroom all chipper, like nothing unusual. Notices Henessey cursorily. Raises a finger: "on sec." Lowers her head and shakes it like a terrier, spray him. He cannot stop staring. It's Samantha, it *has* to be... Now she's BLONDE, though. Hair clipped short. Bobbed. Blo red fingernails. Red cotton shift, legs for days. Then, she *smiles* at him -- and it's not her, not Samant Amnesia's over, folks, because we're clearly looking at a changed woman: This one's name is CHARLY BALTIMORE, and s hasn't seen the light of day in eight years.
67) 7) text: She nibbles his ear. Pulls back, smiling -- and Henessey' holding the picture of HAL and CAITLIN. The one he found  torn in two. He looks her full in the face:
77) 0) text: Charly enters. All business. Begins to systematically rif the drawers. Her daughter's precious things. Sweeps every onto the floor. Utter disregard, it's a bit startling. Crosses to the bed, throws back the covers -- MR. PERKINS (the stuffed bear) has the chain around his neck. We hear it, then. Ghosting on the still air, barely audib the sound of SINGING... Children's voices waft across the frozen pond from St. Paul's Episcopal CHURCH. Charly frow Crosses to the window, lifts the sash. Pause. Charly chews her lip. Unlimbers the MP-5. Hefts th wicked-looking thing. Not to fire it... but to use the SC Adjusts focus. Practiced movements. Deft. Sure. Sights do the weapon. Scans though the gunsights... POV CHARLY: Hal's CHRISTMAS PAGEANT. There's Hal. Cast in spectral GREEN. Laughing and serving breakfast. On the ch lawn, a NATIVITY scene. Teenage girls as the wise men. Ch of children, singing... CAITLIN among them. Charly is sweating. She lowers the scope. Squeezes her ey shut. Something in her, threatening to WRENCH LOOSE...
81) 0) text: Switch scenery: the Christmas Pageant, CAITLIN and fellow angels traipse into the church vestibule... Caitlin looks just in time to see TIMOTHY apply the chloroform. Two seconds, she's out like a light. Next case. Up and mo child tucked neatly under his arm. A NEARBY MOTHER OF THR has seen it happen. Opens her mouth to scream -- He palms KNIFE. Puts it to her youngest son's kidney:
83) 6) text: There is a short, CHIRPING sound. Seemingly from nowhere. They exchange puzzled looks, what the hell...? Charly abr realizes it's coming from her purse. She reaches in, scoo up the CELLULAR PHONE, the one she told Caitlin to call.  Thumbs the button. Says cautiously:
85) 4) text: Perkins crosses to the bed. Rubs tired eyes. Gazes down a Caitlin. Asleep, a syringe on the nightstand beside her.  Next to a brown paper bag.
93) 2) text: CHARLY stands in place, mind racing... Caitlin's DOLL. Re her dully. Plastic smile like it knows a secret. CUT TO:
96) 3) text: Caitlin is sitting in a chair. Bundled in flannel, clutching her baby doll, the one Perk bought for her. She looks up at Charly dully. Sucking her thumb.
96) 4) dialog: Mommy...
96) 7) dialog: ...bug in a rug... man with white  hair... says the same thing you say...
96) 11) text: He points to the STEEL DOOR of the meat freezer. The guar opens it onto a gleaming silver CHAMBER. Timothy calmly  adjusts the thermostat. Sub zero. The guard reaches for  Caitlin's doll... Charly snatches it back. Face etched in disgust.
96) 15) text: You don't want to ever be on the receiving end of the LOO she gives him... Steps into the freezer, holding Caitlin. the door starts to swing shut, she says:
97) 0) text: CHARLY crosses with Caitlin to the far corner.
97) 1) dialog: Mom, it's cold in here-!
99) 0) text: CHARLY, sweating at sub zero. Brushes hair from her eyes. Blinks. Still jabbing with the knife, *why the hell is sh digging*? Gonna crawl under the damn door? She's gone loo Lying flat, she appraises her work -- A TINY NOTCH. Poked through to the other side. The actual penetration to daylight: millimeters. Then, she does two  seemingly nonsensical things: Crosses to Caitlin -- gentl takes the doll from her, then:
99) 2) text: Reaches in her mouth. Takes out her RETAINER. Must be the temperature. Crosses to the door again. Kneel down. Calmly, with infinite care, takes the retainer... Inverts it, now it's *trough*-shaped. Holds it flush agai the tiny NOTCH she carved. BABY DOLL, now. Holds it direc above the retainer. Depresses the KNOB in its back: It pees gasoline. Gas, trickling down the retainer, throu the brick -- into the other ROOM. Not much. Enough. She stands. DRAWS A TRAIL with the doll Crosses, dribbling, over to Caitlin. Hands the doll back her. What next..? She grabs the hunting knife, that's what. RAISES IT HIGH One terrifying moment, is she gonna put it in the kid...? Hardly. Brings it down on the floor. Slams it down.
99) 9) dialog: Mommy...?
99) 10) text: Charly looks up, face haggard and depleted... Caitlin's e alive again. No longer dulled. Kid reaches inside her CAS and brings out a pack of matches.
99) 11) dialog: Don't cry. I keep these here. (beat) For lighting your candle.
99) 14) text: Caitlin pulls back, looks flush in her mother's face.
99) 15) dialog: Am I gonna die...?
99) 16) text: From a dark and cold place, Caitlin has led her home. Cha eyes, like steel. A harsh whisper:
101) 2) text: A tiny nod. Charly calmly touches fire to the fuel. Cradl Caitlin to her chest, gently strokes her hair...
105) 0) text: Caitlin in tow, SMOKE everywhere. Running flat out across the compound. Eyes ticking back and forth, missing nothin Sees a gun on the ground, scoops it up: promptly DROPS IT the fucking thing's red hot. That's when the POCK-FACED KILLER lurches out of the smok blade arcing for her throat.
105) 2) text: She goes under the blade. SLAMS him. Down they go, hit th dirt -- CAITLIN beats feet, vanishes into the smoke. Charly, fighting for her life. Manages to KICK FREE. He r up. Poised to hurl the KNIFE. Charly, dives, rolls -- sco up the gun and SCREAMS as her flesh sizzles and it spurts three times and blows him down. Doesn't stop. Rips the AUTOMATIC RIFLE from his shoulder. Rummages in his coat -- Cube of C-4. Even better. Casts a searching the smoke... No sign of her daughter.
106) 0) text: CAITLIN darts in and out of the trees. Frightened. In the background, men rush back and forth. The MOTEL burns merr Then, above the shouts, A RUMBLING noise, she darts a loo as THE TANKER comes trundling out of the garage. POV CAITLIN: Attached to the rear of the truck bed, a bri yellow UTILITY BOX, roughly three by three. As the driver idles, waiting for the road to clear -- Caitlin BREAKS CO Runs and climbs inside the box, and meanwhile
106) 3) text: *There*. Bingo. Charly watches through the scope as a TIN GREEN CAITLIN climbs into the box and shuts the lid.  Unfortunately, a nearby blue-suit has WITNESSED this. He  looks around, stabbing a finger at the box:
109) 7) text: He clicks off. Charly drops the receiver. Turns, looks be They're coming for her. Woods filled with headlights. Backlit FIGURES. Ducking in and out of the trees, getting closer... The wind blows. B cold out here in the dark night of the soul. Nothing left No hope. No reason. Caitlin, dead. The rage explodes in the form of a kick which SHATTERS th lock on the trunk. *Dammit*, she needs a fucking miracle. At that moment, the trunk lid slowly rises, CREAKING...  Revealing all of Timothy's BUNJEE JUMPING EQUIPMENT.
111) 0) text: Poor little Caitlin huddles in the dark. All alone. ROARI in her ears. Sort of like being underwater.
122) 9) dialog: Buffeted inside the UTILITY BOX. Cries out as
128) 5) text: She raises her gun. Fires. BAM-! Lock springs to pieces.  CAITLIN tumbles to the pavement, dazed and confused. Cast about --
128) 6) dialog: MOMMY...!
128) 9) dialog: Don't go away again, Please...!
128) 10) text: Charly grabs Caitlin's head. Turns it. Facing the TEMPERA GAUGE. Red numerals: *301 degrees*.
128) 12) text: Caitlin hovers, torn. Charly summons a gutteral CROAK:
128) 14) text: In the end, Caitlin relents. RUNS, toward the surrounding woods... Charly watches her go. Nods, satisfied -- Collap Hits the tarmac and splays in a heap. Breath wheezing in out. Already the pavement is staining red.
128) 16) dialog: *Mommy, no...*!
128) 18) dialog: It's okay. I'm sorry I left, please  wake up, come on please...
129) 5) dialog: Mommy, get up now. You just stop it,  Mommy, you stop being a little baby.  Stop it, you're not dead, I know  you're not dead so you get up now.
129) 7) dialog: *Don't you die*, you get up now,  Goddammit...! Life is pain, you just  get used to it, and stand up *right  this minute*, Mommy. Life is pain,  do it, you bitch. *Do it*.
131) 7) text: She watches as he slips from sight... off the tanker. SIR now, approaching. Wind, biting cold. Ground black and blo in the moonlight... HERE COMES HENESSEY, powers across the lot, pedal to the  metal. Followed at a distance of fifty yards by half a do squawling GOVERNMENT VEHICLES, flashers turning. Henessey stomps the brake. SLEWS to a stop, tires cooking KICKS open the passenger door as Charly collapses into th car, CAITLIN in her arms. The kid says:
131) 8) dialog: Hurry! The truck is a bomb!
131) 15) dialog: *You're a bad driver! Who said you  could drive*?
133) 0) text: Henessey flies out of the parking lot and INTO the WOODS the firestorm RAGES TO HEAVEN behind him. Cars, heading h way -- AIRBORNE. Fights the wheel, swerving through the w as all around him, FLAMING CARS crash down. BOUNCING into and out of the trees, peekaboo... Some go flying past OVERHEAD. Striking in front like mete GOUGING the earth. Caitlin screams:
133) 1) dialog: Don't hit the cars!
134) 6) text: Henessey starts to fade... breathing labored... Reaches u strokes Caitlin's hair. Smiles at her:
139) 0) text: Sun, passing into mystery. Wheatfield, rippling. Caitlin in the yard, chasing a big floppy-eared Labrador. On the porch, a CRICKET chirps. HAL comes out, sits besid his wife CHARLY as she finishes eating. Says softly:
139) 2) text: Pause. Charly says nothing. The dog parades up to Caitlin with a stick in its jaws. A farm truck goes by, a faraway speck. Charly absent-mindedly rolls a steak knife in her fingers Eyes far away. It never occurs to her what she's done until the chirping stops. Ten feet away, the knife quivers. FADE OUT. ROLL END CREDITS.