1) 0) text: CHILDREN, dozens of them, bursting from houses. Slapping screen doors. A HORSE-DRIVEN SLEIGH is rattling down Main Street. Flanked by kids. Christmas carols, droning from  loudspeakers. HAPPY, LAUGHING SANTA waves howdy, chortling his "Ho's" i groups of three, meanwhile he's really a grizzled old fir marshall named EARL, freezing his nuts off. Beside him sits MRS. CLAUS, about whom we notice two thin First, she's the June in this June/December pair -- and  second, she's to kill for, an effortlessly beautiful woma For the record, meet SAMANTHA CAINE.
1) 2) dialog: Freezing my nuts off.
1) 5) text: Earl complies, grumbling. Some teenage burnouts howl from street corner:
1) 9) dialog: Right, you don't wanna be rootin' --
1) 11) dialog: This is little Billy talking?
1) 13) dialog: Yeah, yeah. Spare me, I got a prostate  the size of a melon.
1) 15) dialog: Seriously, half my life's a doctor's  hand up my ass, I should marry the  fucker.
1) 17) dialog: It's not that fucking little Billy  again, is it?
6) 3) text: She notices EARL sitting in the bushes by the side of the building. He is speaking intently to the gerbil.
9) 0) text: SAMANTHA drives while Earl (the SANTA we saw earlier)  reclines, still drunk.
9) 1) dialog: You're married what now, five  years...?
9) 3) dialog: You and Hal, how often you two...?
9) 5) dialog: Don't get all snippy...
9) 7) dialog: Goddamnit, I'm not drunk. Would a  drunk man have this much raw talent?
9) 8) text: He starts playing the Hawaiian nose harp. In Sam's ear, s can't help it, snorts laughter -- THE ADULT DEER appears perfectly framed in the Sunbird's  headlights. Dead ahead. Sam looks up, face etched in sudd TERROR. *No time to think*. SWERVES, no dice...! BROADSID the animal -- And it comes THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD. All two hundred and  fifteen pounds of it. Fucks up their night altogether.  Actually, it only makes it *halfway* through -- But the damn thing is ALIVE. More than alive. KICKING.  Thrashing. Squawling with pain and rage. A FLAILING HOOF  takes out Earl. Kills him in less than a second. Collapse his skull. Sam rides the wheel, screaming. An antler gouges her ches Rips. Draws blood. She SWERVES, madly -- Hits the tree do 50.
9) 9) text: Sam goes airborne. Explodes through the windshield, outwa bound. Shower of glass, spritz of blood... And then she's flying. Slow motion, end over end... We lose all SOUND.  Silence as she tumbles. Below and behind her, the Sunbird noiselessly ERUPTS. Fireball, sky high -- Sam floating. Describes a lazy arc in mid-air... Whoomph- Disappears into the snow. Swallows her, leaves a silhouet Around her, trees catch fire. Burn. She lies in her impro sarcophagus. Out of sight. THE FLAMING DEER totters from the wreck, thrashing. Scene from a nightmare. Nightmare part two: from the snow, from the human-shaped divot -- arises a woman of blood. She stumbles from the drift. Toward the wreck. And though it's clearly Sam Caine under all that crimson, there's  something wrong about her *eyes*. En route to the car, she kneels beside the suffering deer its flesh scorched and torn -- and KILLS it. Puts it away with a sharp CRACK-!ing blow to the head. Stands, eyes  squirming with madness... The car's an inferno. Earl is dead. She turns away, wipin blood from her eyes -- Comes face to face with a SNOWMAN. A jolly white fellow. Charcoal briquettes for eyes. She  watches, fascinated, as he MELTS in the blast furnace hea With warning, she *screams*. Crumples to the ground. The snowman's eyes fall out. He melts away and away...
26) 17) text: He holds up the envelope: addresses to one *Nathan Windem Fishes in his coat, brings out Samantha's CHECK. Written him, earlier that day... identical handwriting. CUT TO:
61) 16) text: Perkins stops dead. Lunges for the phone, nearly drops it
63) 0) text: Henessey lights a smoke at the bar. Flicks the match in a trashcan. Starts to go, stops... Reaches into the can. Pl out a tiny scrap: PHOTOGRAPH, ripped in two. A photo of Hal and Caitlin. He pockets it, disturbed. Crosses to the bathroom door. T shower has stopped. Raises a tentative hand, starts to  knock... It OPENS. There, in a thin silk robe, is a WOMAN swabbing at her hair. She breezes out of the bathroom all chipper, like nothing unusual. Notices Henessey cursorily. Raises a finger: "on sec." Lowers her head and shakes it like a terrier, spray him. He cannot stop staring. It's Samantha, it *has* to be... Now she's BLONDE, though. Hair clipped short. Bobbed. Blo red fingernails. Red cotton shift, legs for days. Then, she *smiles* at him -- and it's not her, not Samant Amnesia's over, folks, because we're clearly looking at a changed woman: This one's name is CHARLY BALTIMORE, and s hasn't seen the light of day in eight years.
74) 3) text: She stuffs a .45 automatic in her waistband. Cradles an M beneath her coat. Rolls out of the still-moving truck. Ma her way through back yards. Silent as a cat. She went to  cookouts here. Bridge parties. Now she prowls, a grim  assassin. Leaps a fence, drops behind a woodpile -- Comes face to f with RAYMOND, a fifth grade student we saw earlier. Secre behind the woodpile, SMOKING. His eyes pop as he spies go ol' Ms. Caine, sporting blonde hair and an assault weapon Charly doesn't miss a beat:
96) 0) text: The same CELLAR she occupied earlier. Timothy behind her, wrinkles his nose in distaste.