1) 0) text: CHILDREN, dozens of them, bursting from houses. Slapping screen doors. A HORSE-DRIVEN SLEIGH is rattling down Main Street. Flanked by kids. Christmas carols, droning from  loudspeakers. HAPPY, LAUGHING SANTA waves howdy, chortling his "Ho's" i groups of three, meanwhile he's really a grizzled old fir marshall named EARL, freezing his nuts off. Beside him sits MRS. CLAUS, about whom we notice two thin First, she's the June in this June/December pair -- and  second, she's to kill for, an effortlessly beautiful woma For the record, meet SAMANTHA CAINE.
2) 0) text: Samantha walks with her husband HAL. Late thirties. Baldi Coming out of St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
2) 2) dialog: Aw, honey, I had teenage girls playing  the wise men, what'd you expect?
2) 4) dialog: Well, I thought they did fine.
6) 0) text: SAMANTHA and HAL bid goodnight to their friends and neigh Hal steers her away from a middle-aged teacher.
6) 1) dialog: Christ, guy's all over you like a  cheap suit.
6) 4) dialog: Oh, boy. Someone's gotta take my  father home. I'm plowed.
9) 8) text: He starts playing the Hawaiian nose harp. In Sam's ear, s can't help it, snorts laughter -- THE ADULT DEER appears perfectly framed in the Sunbird's  headlights. Dead ahead. Sam looks up, face etched in sudd TERROR. *No time to think*. SWERVES, no dice...! BROADSID the animal -- And it comes THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD. All two hundred and  fifteen pounds of it. Fucks up their night altogether.  Actually, it only makes it *halfway* through -- But the damn thing is ALIVE. More than alive. KICKING.  Thrashing. Squawling with pain and rage. A FLAILING HOOF  takes out Earl. Kills him in less than a second. Collapse his skull. Sam rides the wheel, screaming. An antler gouges her ches Rips. Draws blood. She SWERVES, madly -- Hits the tree do 50.
12) 10) text: They are now in perfect synchronicity. Sam inhales easily
13) 0) text: Back at home, business as usual, pre-Christmas. A COMMOTI has arisen: Gingerly, bones still aching, Samantha moves  toward the KITCHEN. HAL and CAITLIN trail behind.
13) 1) dialog: Honey, you can't cook, I'm not wrong  about this.
14) 0) text: Hal worriedly exits to the garage. Plucks a tomato from t fridge, tosses it to Caitlin, who stands in the door.
14) 1) dialog: Tomato.
14) 5) dialog: Onion, flying in.
14) 8) text: And it becomes a bucket brigade. Hal heaves veggies to Ca who spins and relays to Mom who slices, dices, purees, an even makes curly fries. Veggies, incoming. HAL starts to  lose it, starts lobbing them at Caitlin, one after anothe she giggles, starts throwing them overhand --
14) 10) text: And now it's a food fight, PELTING Mom, and the floor is  COVERED with food as Hal stumbles in laughing, scoops up  Caitlin -- Samantha shakes her head, grinning, dices to pieces a las lovely radish. Ends with a flourish, TA-DAH-! Doesn't thi Flips the knife point up on ONE FINGER. Tips it for balan Lobs a tomato. Slings the knife without looking, pins it the wall, KA-CHUK--! Everyone goes silent. The knife, quivering. Caitlin and H turn as one, gaping at her. She shrugs numbly. Blinks.
16) 7) dialog: Beautiful language.
18) 2) text: She hangs up as HAL ENTERS behind her... She doesn't turn around. Samples the topping of a cream pie. Stares at the linoleum floor. He regards her with angry, vindictive eye
18) 3) dialog: She rode all the way home. She didn't  fall, not once. She didn't cry. (beat) You're good. You should work with  kids, you know that?
18) 5) text: Hal takes a breath, composes himself.
18) 6) dialog: We can still make six o'clock mass,  you coming?
18) 9) dialog: Go away. With a detective. Jesus,  it's the holidays, Sam --
18) 11) text: They stand in tableau. An electric silence... Broken quit suddenly by the sound of SINGING. CHRISTMAS CAROLERS. Out the front door. The sweet strains of "God Rest Ye Merry,  Gentlemen" wafts in through the window. Except the sweet strains ain't so sweet. These carolers a TERRIBLE. Missing by a country octave. Sam and Hal look a each other, what the hell...?
20) 5) text: Sam's cry is a veritable shriek. HAL LAUNCHES himself fro the kitchen doorway. Pounces on Jack, snarling -- brave,  useless. For his trouble, gets three broken ribs and a tr to the fireplace, airborne. Comes down. Catches fire. ROL over and over on broken ribs -- JACK kicks Samantha in the gut. She collapses onto the st Splinters the banister. That's when he sees CAITLIN. Top the stairs, paralyzed.
22) 4) text: CLOSE ON TV: Stooge Joe Besser mugs wildly, takes a pie i the face. Jack raises his arm for the killing stroke -- Samantha ta Hal's cream pie from the counter and shatters every bone his face. Comes from nowhere. Back foot planted, body twisting, ent organism focused into the outstretched arm, WHACK-! We ha never seen anyone move this fast. Samantha RECOILS. Start by what she's done -- The glass dish is SPLINTERED into his head. It STICKS the He topples. Hits the linoleum. She straddles him, breathi hard. Winded. The barking dog "Jingle Bells" plays inanely in the  background. Samantha stares. Trembling. Pokes the body.  Nothing. Pokes it again. Still nothing. She leans forward Grips the neck and wrenches, CRACK-! Just making sure. She out of it. In shock. Glaring at her own hands as if  demanding an excuse for their behavior. There is pie fill on her fingers. She kneels beside the corpse, catatonic.  Stares. Absent-mindedly licks the bloodied cream. HAL is standing in the doorway. Wide-eyed. He has seen  Samantha break the man's neck. She looks at him, frowns.
23) 8) text: Slips it over her daughter's head. Looks up at HAL, eyes  brimming. He whispers:
23) 9) dialog: No matter what you find, I'm not  scared. Not of you. Not ever...
25) 0) text: An old, walrus-mustached IRISHMAN ushers them down a conc hallway. The old man hangs back with Henessey. Whispers:
32) 0) text: POLICE FLASHERS, spinning. Cop cars, incoming. SLAMMING t halt. Disgorging uniformed cops. THE DINER is rapidly  surrounded. Its a cheery decor, the giant roofbound Santa all in stark contrast -- To the SCREAMING we hear, dimly, from within.
51) 8) text: He accelerates into a curve. Rockets past a connecting ro as, without warning -- ANOTHER COP CAR skids out of the s road, after him. The other deputy... TIMOTHY, boxed. Going too fast, swerves...! PLOWS into th deputy headlong. BROADSIDES him. Glass flies. The cop car TIRES blow out as it's SPUN 180 degrees... Timothy's car  careens into a GULLEY -- BAM-! Hits a dead stop. Hood shears off, goes flying. Bac end sticking up, tires spinning... The horn blares  continuously. UP ABOVE: The other cop arrives, brakes to a halt -- Door opens and out he comes. Helps Deputy #2 clamber from his  crippled black-and-white. Together they leap down into the gulley, guns drawn. Crin as the long HOOOOOOOONNNNNK continues unabated. Approachi the crashed car. Walking up, guns at their sides... TWO S They jitter and twitch. Topple over dead, slide to the bo of the gulley. INSIDE THE CAR, we see that a very annoyed Timothy is als very conscious. Splayed against the driver's side door.  Holding one hand down on the horn, HOOOOOOOONNK... He rel it. Horn stops. On the radio Conway Twitty is singing. He puts a shot through the radio. Silences it. Climbs from the car and stares off down the road. Of Nath and his companions, there is neither whisper nor breath..
58) 0) text: Here. Now. She breaks the surface. Gasping for breath.  SHRIEKS, a sound ripped from her by the PAIN, the COLD -- By her ruptured sanity. She hangs there. Drenched. Half  frozen. DAEDALUS can't help it. A chill dances up his spine,  watching... She is not afraid. She is not whimpering. She looking directly AT HIM. With a sick smile.
63) 0) text: Henessey lights a smoke at the bar. Flicks the match in a trashcan. Starts to go, stops... Reaches into the can. Pl out a tiny scrap: PHOTOGRAPH, ripped in two. A photo of Hal and Caitlin. He pockets it, disturbed. Crosses to the bathroom door. T shower has stopped. Raises a tentative hand, starts to  knock... It OPENS. There, in a thin silk robe, is a WOMAN swabbing at her hair. She breezes out of the bathroom all chipper, like nothing unusual. Notices Henessey cursorily. Raises a finger: "on sec." Lowers her head and shakes it like a terrier, spray him. He cannot stop staring. It's Samantha, it *has* to be... Now she's BLONDE, though. Hair clipped short. Bobbed. Blo red fingernails. Red cotton shift, legs for days. Then, she *smiles* at him -- and it's not her, not Samant Amnesia's over, folks, because we're clearly looking at a changed woman: This one's name is CHARLY BALTIMORE, and s hasn't seen the light of day in eight years.
67) 7) text: She nibbles his ear. Pulls back, smiling -- and Henessey' holding the picture of HAL and CAITLIN. The one he found  torn in two. He looks her full in the face:
68) 29) text: Takes it off him. Just like that. He stares dumbly at his empty hand. Half of his trigger finger is missing.
77) 0) text: Charly enters. All business. Begins to systematically rif the drawers. Her daughter's precious things. Sweeps every onto the floor. Utter disregard, it's a bit startling. Crosses to the bed, throws back the covers -- MR. PERKINS (the stuffed bear) has the chain around his neck. We hear it, then. Ghosting on the still air, barely audib the sound of SINGING... Children's voices waft across the frozen pond from St. Paul's Episcopal CHURCH. Charly frow Crosses to the window, lifts the sash. Pause. Charly chews her lip. Unlimbers the MP-5. Hefts th wicked-looking thing. Not to fire it... but to use the SC Adjusts focus. Practiced movements. Deft. Sure. Sights do the weapon. Scans though the gunsights... POV CHARLY: Hal's CHRISTMAS PAGEANT. There's Hal. Cast in spectral GREEN. Laughing and serving breakfast. On the ch lawn, a NATIVITY scene. Teenage girls as the wise men. Ch of children, singing... CAITLIN among them. Charly is sweating. She lowers the scope. Squeezes her ey shut. Something in her, threatening to WRENCH LOOSE...
78) 0) text: Henessey, slouched behind the wheel. Starts to light a  cigarette. Stops, the match halfway to his face. Eyes riv on the rearview mirror as a GOVERNMENT SEDAN turns the co behind him...
82) 3) text: The incredible part. In slow motion, she does a DOUBLE AX PIRHOUETTE. Above the hood. Mid-spin, she blows THREE SHO through the windshield. Kills everyone. Keeps going. The spins twice around. PLOWS to a halt -- Charly hits a pict perfect landing. On the shore, HENESSEY watches, thunderstruck. Charly ska by the icebound sedan. Flashes a grin at the dying driver
89) 0) text: As the tanker snorts to a halt, TIMOTHY pulls up, driving bright red Jaguar. Gets out as a blue-suit trots up:
122) 6) text: CHAIN-LINK FENCE, at road's end. Beyond it, a quarter-mil plunge. Downhill over rocky terrain -- To St. PETER'S SEMINARY. Looming stone structure. Closed  now. Vast empty PARKING LOT. Tears on her cheeks. Lights a cigarette. Takes a long dra exhales:
129) 14) text: They break cover. Into the open. A WITHERING FIRE ERUPTS. Right at their feet...! Geysers of asphalt, shot skyward TIMOTHY sprays the blacktop from above. Ruthless. Charly  goes insane. Lurches, crazed, to the cab of the truck. Th the mike and says:
131) 7) text: She watches as he slips from sight... off the tanker. SIR now, approaching. Wind, biting cold. Ground black and blo in the moonlight... HERE COMES HENESSEY, powers across the lot, pedal to the  metal. Followed at a distance of fifty yards by half a do squawling GOVERNMENT VEHICLES, flashers turning. Henessey stomps the brake. SLEWS to a stop, tires cooking KICKS open the passenger door as Charly collapses into th car, CAITLIN in her arms. The kid says:
139) 0) text: Sun, passing into mystery. Wheatfield, rippling. Caitlin in the yard, chasing a big floppy-eared Labrador. On the porch, a CRICKET chirps. HAL comes out, sits besid his wife CHARLY as she finishes eating. Says softly:
139) 1) dialog: Just talked to Dr. Sullivan, she's  gonna need the full braces. Even  with your teaching, insurance won't  cover it... I don't know what to do.