53) 6) dialog: (sighs) Look, is this America's Funniest  Practical Videos or something?
53) 9) text: He bats her away, administers his own first aid. LUKE pip up, exasperated:
53) 10) dialog: I can't believe you don't remember  dating me. Charly, please, you pursued  me for months.
53) 12) dialog: It's December, you'll remember.  Right...?
53) 21) text: She studies Luke. Frowning. Concentrating.
53) 24) text: Just then NATHAN is hit with a dreadful-sounding cough. I wracks him. Doubles him up. LUKE blurts out:
53) 25) dialog: Goddammit, he's *dying*. Let me call  the poor bastard an ambulance!
54) 0) text: Beside the lakeshore LUKE AND SAMANTHA walk side by side. RACK FOCUS to the porch: NATHAN is laid out on a chaise  lounge. Henessey beside him, applying cold compresses. Th older man stirs, coming awake... Tries to sit up, Henesse nudges him flat again.
54) 30) text: He takes off for the lake at a dead run. Behind him, the  bloodied Nathan DRAGS himself to his feet and lurches off the porch, stumbling. Weaving. Refusing to go down. AT THE LAKESIDE -- Luke walks behind Samantha. Talking so in her ear, smiling... She hears something. A RATCHETING  noise, drawing closer, hmmm...? Looks up. Wishes she hadn A BELL RANGER HELICOPTER is descending over the lake. Ins TIMOTHY shoulders a bolt action rifle, coolly professiona FIRES, kicks up dirt at Henessey's feet. Stops the fucker cold. On the shore, LUKE smiles at Samantha, says:
54) 31) dialog: Sure don't look like an ambulance,  does it?
57) 1) text: The basement of the old converted mill. A drafty, windswe place full of old, broken timbers. A river runs through i A stream, at any rate. The waters are still and frozen no Above the stream -- A GREAT WOODEN WHEEL. Smaller corolla of the wheel outside. Mounted on the same axis. SAMANTHA is tied to that wheel. Lashed to its SIDE, affix to it like a goddess to a Greek sailing ship. Now the bad news, the ice has been chopped away so the wheel can TURN And it will plunge Samantha UNDER THE FREEZING WATER. Ben the ice. Bound hand and foot. Strapped to the wheel, wear only a nightgown, she is utterly helpless. THE MAN KNOWN AS DAEDALUS (AKA Luke) stands before her, g instructions to the ubiquitous TIMOTHY. He looks up at  Samantha. Seeing her eyelids flutter, he tosses her a che wave. Gone is the gee-whiz country boy schtick; in its pl a frightening arrogance. He tosses her his cheeriest wave