15) 0) text: Underground. Water GURGLES through overhead pipes. Furnac hum and tick in the sweaty gloom. A SHIRTLESS MAN is tied to a chair. Weeping. Before him,  what looks like a young GQ model. Blonde. Gorgeous. Impec attired. For the record, TIMOTHY. He looks his captive in the eye as the guy blubbers:
15) 2) dialog: It'll be over soon.
15) 4) dialog: Last chance. What do you know about  a town called Santa Claus?
15) 6) text: Timothy stares him full in the face, eyes narrowed... as  though seeing into his brain. He nods, satisfied.
15) 7) dialog: No. You don't. (beat) I can always tell, you know... If  someone's lying to me. A little skill  of mine, something to trot out at  parties.
15) 8) text: He slams home the knife. We don't see it, but we FEEL the impact. The FBI man's face contorts in SHOCK. Twisted. In away from Timothy, their eyes lock... A CELLULAR PHONE BEEPS. Timothy reacts, annoyed. Plucks i from his belt and flips it open:
15) 9) dialog: Timothy.
15) 11) dialog: I'm listening.
15) 14) dialog: Nix. I'm just finishing up here.  Then I'm going bunjee jumping.
15) 16) dialog: All right, what's so fucking  important?
15) 18) dialog: I saw it, too. It's called "Empty  Nest." How the fuck is it my business?
15) 20) text: Timothy is silent.
15) 22) dialog: Tap his phone, yes. And tell Daedalus  I'm on my way. Timothy out.
42) 45) text: He stands, heads off. Samantha nervously lights a cigaret The bartender suddenly puts a BEER in front of her. She  reaches for her purse. He waves it away, points beside he She turns... The assassin called TIMOTHY sits down two stools away.
42) 46) dialog: For you. Another in a long line of  bad investments.
42) 48) dialog: Just saw the ring on your finger.
42) 50) dialog: Do I know you from somewhere...?
42) 52) dialog: Whoa. Back up. Total pickup line,  let's forget I said that.
42) 55) text: Timothy nods slowly.
42) 56) dialog: No, you don't, do you...? I'd know  if you did. I can tell if someone's  lying. (smiles) Sorry to bother you.
42) 58) dialog: Okay, people, I got what I needed.  Wait until she comes out. Then do  them both. (beat) Walk soft, we got local law.
43) 0) text: The snapped-in-two hitman announces Nathan's arrival by F THROUGH THE WINDOW in an explosion of glass. Caroms off a table and bounces head over heels. Hits, dead. TIMOTHY swears. Leaps up and bolts for the door, right be the SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES, as
44) 2) text: They pile into the backseat. Nathan floors it. PEELS OUT, bouncing  onto the highway -- and meanwhile here comes  TIMOTHY. On the run. Barks into his transmitter:
44) 3) dialog: East, they're going east. *Head them  off*.
46) 0) text: Timothy, on the move. RUNS, breakneck through the woods.  Jumps fallen logs. Ducking, swerving. In and out through trees, as
48) 0) text: A forty foot embankment, damn near vertical. Plunging to road below. Topped by a chain-link FENCE. Timothy hits the fence at a dead run. Up and over. Pitche head over heels down the embankment, BOUNCING. Hits botto in a shower of dirt, rolls, comes up... .357 AMP in a two fisted grip, and *there's Nathan's car*. Blows by, doing Timothy swivels calmly, BLASTS AN ENTIRE CLIP at the  retreating car. Shot after shot, like a machine --
50) 0) text: Timothy GUNS IT, eyes locked dead ahead on the Le Sabre - Hears a SCREECH. Whips his eyes to the rearview mirror: P CRUISER. Fishtailing onto the road behind him. Falls in  behind, SIREN wailing. One of the deputies from the bar.
51) 8) text: He accelerates into a curve. Rockets past a connecting ro as, without warning -- ANOTHER COP CAR skids out of the s road, after him. The other deputy... TIMOTHY, boxed. Going too fast, swerves...! PLOWS into th deputy headlong. BROADSIDES him. Glass flies. The cop car TIRES blow out as it's SPUN 180 degrees... Timothy's car  careens into a GULLEY -- BAM-! Hits a dead stop. Hood shears off, goes flying. Bac end sticking up, tires spinning... The horn blares  continuously. UP ABOVE: The other cop arrives, brakes to a halt -- Door opens and out he comes. Helps Deputy #2 clamber from his  crippled black-and-white. Together they leap down into the gulley, guns drawn. Crin as the long HOOOOOOOONNNNNK continues unabated. Approachi the crashed car. Walking up, guns at their sides... TWO S They jitter and twitch. Topple over dead, slide to the bo of the gulley. INSIDE THE CAR, we see that a very annoyed Timothy is als very conscious. Splayed against the driver's side door.  Holding one hand down on the horn, HOOOOOOOONNK... He rel it. Horn stops. On the radio Conway Twitty is singing. He puts a shot through the radio. Silences it. Climbs from the car and stares off down the road. Of Nath and his companions, there is neither whisper nor breath..
54) 30) text: He takes off for the lake at a dead run. Behind him, the  bloodied Nathan DRAGS himself to his feet and lurches off the porch, stumbling. Weaving. Refusing to go down. AT THE LAKESIDE -- Luke walks behind Samantha. Talking so in her ear, smiling... She hears something. A RATCHETING  noise, drawing closer, hmmm...? Looks up. Wishes she hadn A BELL RANGER HELICOPTER is descending over the lake. Ins TIMOTHY shoulders a bolt action rifle, coolly professiona FIRES, kicks up dirt at Henessey's feet. Stops the fucker cold. On the shore, LUKE smiles at Samantha, says:
57) 1) text: The basement of the old converted mill. A drafty, windswe place full of old, broken timbers. A river runs through i A stream, at any rate. The waters are still and frozen no Above the stream -- A GREAT WOODEN WHEEL. Smaller corolla of the wheel outside. Mounted on the same axis. SAMANTHA is tied to that wheel. Lashed to its SIDE, affix to it like a goddess to a Greek sailing ship. Now the bad news, the ice has been chopped away so the wheel can TURN And it will plunge Samantha UNDER THE FREEZING WATER. Ben the ice. Bound hand and foot. Strapped to the wheel, wear only a nightgown, she is utterly helpless. THE MAN KNOWN AS DAEDALUS (AKA Luke) stands before her, g instructions to the ubiquitous TIMOTHY. He looks up at  Samantha. Seeing her eyelids flutter, he tosses her a che wave. Gone is the gee-whiz country boy schtick; in its pl a frightening arrogance. He tosses her his cheeriest wave
57) 4) text: Samantha struggles against her bonds. No dice. Subsides.  Takes a look around at her predicament. TIMOTHY stands at the edge of the ice. Watching her intently. Smiles thinly
57) 6) dialog: Look at her. She's not faking it,  she doesn't know me from Adam.
57) 19) dialog: We're running on schedule, I just  secured the tanker. We're borrowing  it from Carbide in South Carolina.  Cargo listed as fire retardant.
57) 23) text: Samantha, face twisted. Coughs. Wheezes. TIMOTHY looks he in the eye... shakes his head:
57) 24) dialog: You don't remember *at all*...? The  greatest night of your life, shit,  drown this ungrateful wench.
57) 35) dialog: Okay, I'll signal Daedalus. Your  money will be waiting, and Jack...?  Do yourself a favor, do her and dump  her, I'm serious. Don't get cute,  try to play doctor first. I made  that mistake.
60) 0) text: TIMOTHY bolts from the house, clutching a bleeding hand.  Running hellbent for leather. Reaches a parked car. Leaps and kicks over the engine as, behind him -- MORE MEN come piling out of the house, shouting. Running their cars -- never make it. CUT DOWN IN THEIR TRACKS. Wr by gunfire, bodies twitching... And as Timothy PEELS OUT, spraying mud, we pull UP, UP, A AWAY... Into the sky, moving ever higher, gunfire fading. Until now we're WAY UP, we can see Timothy's car... the O MILL, ever so tiny below us... It blows to pieces. Sends flaming boards flying STRAIGHT AT US.
61) 4) text: He throws open a door off the passage: THERE'S TIMOTHY.  Perched on the edge of a conference table, tamping a pack smokes. Perkins reacts, stunned.
61) 5) dialog: It's me, your poor black cousin. The  one you can't be seen with.
61) 7) dialog: (Lights a cigarette) My boss is dead.
61) 9) dialog: Your rogue bitch just took him out.  Probably went shopping in his weapons  storage too.
61) 11) dialog: We're still on, Perkins. I've got  the tanker, the chemist, all ready  to go... but you gotta contain her,  man. We gotta step on her hard and  fast.
81) 0) text: Switch scenery: the Christmas Pageant, CAITLIN and fellow angels traipse into the church vestibule... Caitlin looks just in time to see TIMOTHY apply the chloroform. Two seconds, she's out like a light. Next case. Up and mo child tucked neatly under his arm. A NEARBY MOTHER OF THR has seen it happen. Opens her mouth to scream -- He palms KNIFE. Puts it to her youngest son's kidney:
81) 1) dialog: Wanna be a statistic, lady? You're  about to have 2.4 children.
81) 3) dialog: I know where you live. Close your  mouth, you look like a fish. Merry  Christmas.
83) 8) text: A voice, then... Clipped tones, TIMOTHY'S voice:
83) 9) dialog: It's me, I got your kid. Give your  location, we gotta lose the cellular.
83) 12) dialog: Okay, here's how we do it. Drive to  Harrison, find their main bus stop.  Pay phone, fifteen minutes. Better  drive fast, after five rings I hang  up.
83) 23) dialog: I got your cellular number off a  cast on her right wrist. Right below  Mommy loves you... Picture of a panda.  Dog, panda, it's got funky ears.
83) 25) dialog: I want money, Charly. I know you've  got numbered accounts, we all do.  I'll let you know where and when.  Fuck with me...? I'll blind the kid  and shoot out her knees.
83) 27) dialog: I'll be in touch.
85) 0) text: TIMOTHY hangs up and turns to MR. PERKINS, seated across room:
85) 1) dialog: It's done, she hooked. All I gotta  do is set the ransom meet.
85) 3) dialog: No way. She thinks I'm acting alone,  remember? Say the word, I'll hand  her to you on a plate.
85) 6) dialog: The tanker's on its way from  Charleston, ETA 1:00 a.m. One  terrorist on ice, waiting to play  patsy. (points) What's in the sack?
89) 0) text: As the tanker snorts to a halt, TIMOTHY pulls up, driving bright red Jaguar. Gets out as a blue-suit trots up:
89) 2) dialog: (scowls annoyance) Fuck the cleaning, just drain it and  reload. Chop-chop, I'm going bunjee  jumping after this.
92) 3) text: Behind him, a tiny, sharp click--! TIMOTHY has a Skorpion machine pistol aimed at his head. The killer speaks into a radio unit, a single word --
92) 4) dialog: Bogey.
92) 5) text: POP-! go the Kleig lights. BRILLIANCE, blinding -- CATCHE CHARLY coming out of 17. Pins her dead to rights. Unconsc DAUGHTER cradled in her arms. Tiny DOLL cradled in the ki Charly runs, as the ground around her erupts like a  SHELLBURST. TIMOTHY, MEANWHILE, shouting into his walkie-talkie, sayi
92) 6) dialog: Take her alive, Perkins wants her!
94) 0) text: A MATCH FLARES as it descends into the bowl of a pipe... PERKINS puffs mightily. Turns and favors CHARLY and HENES with a thoughtful gaze, they're handcuffed to radiator... TIMOTHY straddles a nearby chair. Smiles and says:
94) 1) dialog: Good to have you back again, Chuck.
95) 0) text: On the move. Our two heroes, shepherded across the compou Timothy's casualness is belied by the presence of two  dyspeptic GUARDS, each keeping a safe distance. A POCK-FACED AGENT approaches briskly, RIFLE across his  shoulder. Holds out his hand:
95) 2) text: Timothy studies it: C-4 CHARGE with remote detonation uni
95) 3) dialog: Make sure you get all of them.
95) 4) text: The agent rushes off. Timothy looks at Charly reproachful
95) 5) dialog: Chuck, you give me the fuck of my  life then try to stick me, come back  from the dead, whack my boss... No  sense lyin', I'm miffed.
95) 8) text: Timothy and the guards exchange looks. Cracking up, they  can't believe it -- Charly's not laughing. Looks at Timot with hooded, lifeless eyes:
95) 10) text: Timothy lights a cigarette. Studies Charly.
95) 11) dialog: You wanna know the plan?
95) 13) dialog: Santa Claus -- small town U.S.A.  personified. We drive the chemical  tanker in tonight, park it. Add a  catalyst, chain reaction, it goes  hot. We evacuate. The mix heats  overnight, goes critical at 312  degrees Celsius. 8:00 Christmas  morning... Main Street looks like a  meteor strike.
95) 16) dialog: Those roads are treacherous this  time of year. When we dump a car to  the bottom of a ravine, with the  corpse of Imn Al Rahman in it... get  the picture?
95) 19) dialog: Why? For old times' sake...?
95) 22) dialog: And why exactly should I do that...?
95) 24) text: She stares Timothy full in the face.
95) 26) text: Dead silence. A pause... Then Timothy brays LAUGHTER.
95) 27) dialog: Priceless. Can't believe it...
95) 29) dialog: Kid's down there. What it is, Charly,  they're gonna find you both frozen  to death in the woods. Suicide pact.
95) 32) dialog: The freezer's downstairs, Charly.  Let's get it done.
96) 0) text: The same CELLAR she occupied earlier. Timothy behind her, wrinkles his nose in distaste.
96) 1) dialog: Shit, this place is loaded with fumes,  nobody light a fucking match. You  check her for flammables?
96) 10) dialog: Bears, yeah, yeah. Enough.
96) 11) text: He points to the STEEL DOOR of the meat freezer. The guar opens it onto a gleaming silver CHAMBER. Timothy calmly  adjusts the thermostat. Sub zero. The guard reaches for  Caitlin's doll... Charly snatches it back. Face etched in disgust.
96) 14) dialog: Chuck, I'm not a total creep. I'll  make you a deal, okay? There's a  knife in that box. Now, you and the  kid, you're going to freeze, *but* --  if you kill the kid *by your own  hand*...? I won't kill your husband.  Serious. We're gonna open that door  and you'll both be frozen solid, but  I wanna know that you've cut your  own child's throat.
96) 17) text: She flashes him her most DAZZLING smile -- The whole room lights up. She can do that. As the door erases her from v a chill dances up Timothy's spine... because there was no resembling doubt on her face.
98) 0) text: Henessey, by the window. Tied to a chair. Timothy paces b him, carrying three razor-keen SCALPELS. Pegs one into th wall with deadly accuracy.
98) 1) dialog: Tell me where Charly keeps her money.  She must have mentioned it.
98) 3) dialog: We'll be gone by then, Mitch.
98) 5) dialog: Already did, Mitch, someone already  did. Perkins got stuck with a double  agent, someone trusted, highly placed.
98) 7) dialog: Me. (chuckles) Chinks are paying me to bring down  Chapter.
98) 8) text: Henessey reacts, startled. Timothy chuckles:
98) 9) dialog: Truck goes, hundreds dead -- rescue  teams within minutes, guess what  they find...?
98) 11) dialog: Uh-uh. They find Chapter, caught  with their pants down. See, Mitch, I  dumped in a much faster chemical  catalyst... (beat) The tanker's gonna blow *tonight*.  In the center of town, thirty-five  minutes from now.
100) 1) dialog: Charly's stash. What's the number of  the locker, Mitch...?
100) 3) text: TIMOTHY across the room, a good forty feet.
100) 4) dialog: Left nut, five bucks I make it.
102) 0) text: TIMOTHY'S THROW is off target, sticks in Henessey's chair Between his legs. Inches. Then the assassin LEAVES HIS FE look of comic surprise -- as the walls behind him disinte in FLAME. Henessey cries out, blinded as
104) 0) text: TIMOTHY staggers from the smoke. Nicked and bloodied -- A Rushes into the cavernous GARAGE, where blue-suits scuttl like ants. Points to the tanker, face crazed:
104) 1) dialog: Move it out of here, now!
109) 2) dialog: I tried to give you a pretty death,  baby. Did my best. Now you're fucked,  now it's ground beef time.
109) 4) dialog: (incredulous) Sweet Loretta, you're another animal  entirely. Let's see, 312 degrees...  Make it ten minutes, give or take.
109) 6) dialog: Oh, spare me. You made a big noise  and bought five more minutes on the  planet. Give up. Die. I'll spit in  what's left of your face.
109) 7) text: He clicks off. Charly drops the receiver. Turns, looks be They're coming for her. Woods filled with headlights. Backlit FIGURES. Ducking in and out of the trees, getting closer... The wind blows. B cold out here in the dark night of the soul. Nothing left No hope. No reason. Caitlin, dead. The rage explodes in the form of a kick which SHATTERS th lock on the trunk. *Dammit*, she needs a fucking miracle. At that moment, the trunk lid slowly rises, CREAKING...  Revealing all of Timothy's BUNJEE JUMPING EQUIPMENT.
117) 0) text: TIMOTHY barks orders into a mic:
117) 1) dialog: All units converge. Divert local  law, this is a government matter.  Brook no interference, I want the  Baltimore woman eliminated. *Where's  the fucking chopper*?
124) 0) text: The tanker slides, DETONATING planters one by one... Come to rest in a central COURTYARD. Lies there, a hissing  dinosaur. TIMOTHY'S TEMPERATURE GAUGE is still affixed to the truck underbelly: *280 degrees*.
125) 0) text: Charly, semi-conscious. Rolls onto her back, gasping. Sta at the gathered saints. Swallows hard. Sucking it up,  preparing. Rolls to one knee, plants her foot... She's got to make that truck. On her feet now. Stumbling forward. One arm hugging her g Cross-eyed, so hard to focus... left foot, right foot, ge it done, bitch, yes it's *supposed* to hurt that much, fl open the door and she's so brave that for a second we thi she might make it. Timothy kicks her in the head. Charly flies back. Hits and SLIDES. Fetches up against a  bannister, WHAM--! Timothy calmly shuts the door behind h Consults his tiny gauge -- *297 degrees*.
125) 1) dialog: Call it four minutes to detonation.  I got a chopper on the way, lots of  time.
125) 4) dialog: You'll feel me.
127) 0) text: Charly and Timothy. They circle, two pros.
127) 1) dialog: You've lost a step, Chuck. Muscles  never recovered from C-section, I'll  bet. Am I right?
127) 5) dialog: She's a worthless bitch. I know it  'cause she came out of me.
127) 7) dialog: It's called shock, Charly... Your  body wants to go into shock...
127) 9) text: Charly LAUNCHES herself. Avoids a stab at her throat, eat that for breakfast, spins, slams the knuckles of her righ hand into Timothy's ribs. Busts one. He snarls, TRAPS her wrist: CRACK! Wrist, broken. She HISSES in pain, falls ba GASPING. Circling again. Charly cannot walk a straight line.
127) 10) dialog: Look at you. You're out of your  motherfucking league, dearie.
127) 13) text: He lunges with the knife...! She ducks, trips on purpose HANDS HIM HER SHOULDER, all that's missing is the plate - And WHAM. In goes the knife, cuts deep and Charly looks h in the eye and GRINS because sure enough, there's the  bastard's KNEE, wide open... Boot-strikes, BAM--! Shears the knee, and Timothy HOWLS i agony. Stumbles backward into the bannister -- Grabs his coat. Brings out the gun, it GOES OFF--! Charly dives for cover. Rips the knife from her own shoul and flings it. Takes him in the shoulder. Topples him back. BANNISTER. U and over, flailing...! Drops from sight. Charly falls back. Pause. Sucking air. Sits down hard. Le splayed. Looks down at herself, oh, God... There's a hole in her chest.
129) 0) text: The side door BURSTS OUTWARD and a limping figure emerges frantically signaling for the chopper: TIMOTHY'S got murd in his eye. THE CHOPPER banks, coming in low as he hauls  himself aboard.
129) 2) dialog: Fuck the shoulder, knee's worse.  Just bring me around and hold her  steady. I'm not leaving until I know  the bitch is dead.
129) 12) text: Overhead, the HOWLING of rotor blades. Charly gasps for  breath. Cracks open the GUN... no bullets. Swell. Scans t pavement... There. THE MP-5 machine gun lies twenty feet  from her. Twenty miles, same difference. Across the pavem even farther away: Timothy's car. *305 degrees*. Charly swallows hard:
129) 14) text: They break cover. Into the open. A WITHERING FIRE ERUPTS. Right at their feet...! Geysers of asphalt, shot skyward TIMOTHY sprays the blacktop from above. Ruthless. Charly  goes insane. Lurches, crazed, to the cab of the truck. Th the mike and says:
131) 1) dialog: Where are *you* going??
131) 2) text: Timothy grabs the stick -- THAT'S WHEN CHARLY BREAKS COVE Does a MAD STAGGER across the blacktop. Goes for the GUN. TIMOTHY CHANGES DIRECTION. Chopper again, SCREAMING in lo and fast -- CHARLY dives, rolls -- Comes up with the MACHINE GUN and  falls flat on her back, points it skyward:
131) 4) text: She fires. Blows the chopper's TAIL ROTOR. The craft pitc to the side -- Dumps Timothy out the door. Flailing. Head over heels, he FALLS -- Lands atop the TANKER, right the silver tank and *burns*. Actually SIZZLES at 310 degr Celsius, steam pouring off him like a vampire in daylight
132) 0) text: They have to drag Timothy inside the car. The engine ROAR as it leaps forward, trailing the other FIVE -- Scarred a hideous, he stares after Charly, screaming:
132) 1) dialog: *Somebody do her, somebody kill that  fucking whore, kill her*!
132) 2) text: That's when the helicopter crashes. The pilot does everyt but flap his arms -- Forget it. IT KEELS OVER. Rotor touc pavement -- Blows to pieces. They ALL go. Snapped off. Bl like rockets in every direction. TIMOTHY LOOKS UP as a rotor blade whistles right through windshield of his car. Shears off his HEAD. Blows out the BACK in a shower of glass and hurtles onward, SPINNING ou of control... Strikes the tanker. Boom. Imagine God in Monte Carlo. Tossing dice the length of a  craps table. Now, imagine the dice are BURNING CARS.
138) 2) text: He shows her a mug shot of TIMOTHY.