0) 0) text: May 1945. World War 2 is over. CU A Danish soldier, Carl (41)(military rank: Sergeant) i driving along in a jeep. He turns into a gravel road. After a while he comes to the dunes overlooking the beach Carl parks the jeep and steps out. He walks over the dunes. On his back is a big backpack from which little black flags are sticking out. Carl stops on top of one of the dunes and looks across the beach. Clearly, this is a post-war landscape. As far the eye can see the beach is covered with lines of barbwire and signs saying. ‘DANGER! MINES.' Carl pushes some sand off with his foot. (He looks at a mine map) A wooden plank (Pansermine) appears beneath the sand. Carl puts his backpack down and digs further up ahead. Another plank appears. Carl puts his backpack back on and walks along the planks down towards the sea. He treads carefully, it is obvious that the entire beach is littered with mines. You can even see some of them poke up through the sand. Carl goes all the way to the water before he stops. He looks down the beach. He pulls a flag out of his backpack and sticks it into the sand. Then we walks along the water.
5) 0) text: Sebastian and most of the boys he came with in the truck are standing to attention in a small classroom. The young commanding officer Ebbe comes in. He is flanked by two Danish soldiers. He stands in front of the boys. On a table are several land mines. Ebbe looks around the room. He pulls down a map of Denmark.
11) 0) text: As in the beginning Sebastian and the boys are back in an army truck. They look at each other and out through the back at the Danish landscape. They are down to 11 boys. One of them is missing. Manfred. A Danish soldier is standing at the back of the truck. He reads aloud from an official set of rules. SOLDIER (in German) 1. At all cost avoid interfering with Danes.
101) 0) text: Sebastian and the others are heading to the mess hall. A Danish soldier is there, behind a military truck. He walks up them them. 94.
101) 1) dialog: Sebastian? Sebastian and the boys stop.
101) 2) dialog: Sebastian Schumann? Is that one of you?
101) 4) dialog: Get in.. Sebastian, Ludvig, Helmut and the forth boy are not sure what is happening.
101) 5) dialog: Come on, get in. We don't have all day. The boys climb into the back of the truck. They sit down. The soldier closes the tarpaulin after them. He slams the side of the truck with his hand. The truck starts up and drives off. Sebastian and the others look at each other, dumbfounded. Cut to: (scene 108B) Later. The truck stops. We hear the sound of the driver opening the door, getting out and walking around to the back of the truck. Ludvig looks nervously at Sebastian. The tarpaulin is pulled aside. Carl appears.