1) 0) text: CU of young German soldier on the back of an army truck. This is Sebastian(16). Besides Sebastian are 11 other German boys. We see their faces one by one. Manfred(16), Werner(17), Ernst(17), Helmut(19), Ludvig(16), Wilhelm(15) and so on. 12 boys in all. They are just teenagers, nevertheless their youngish faces have a worn-out look to them. Like they have borrowed them from much older, and more experienced men. Hard and weary. The boys all look like they have been starving, some more than others. They are in various types of uniform. All of which are worn and torn. Two of the boys (Werner and Ernst) are like two peas ina pod. They are obviously twins. Hidden from the view of the others, they are holding hands. Sebastian peers out through the a gap in tarpaulin cloth that covers the back of the truck. He squints as the setting sun gets in his eyes. The truck is driving along a straight road through a forest near the Danish North Sea coastline.
6) 0) text: Sebastian and the boys are in their beds. Most have gone to sleep. Sebastian looks around. Ernst (one of the twin brothers) is having a nightmare. Werner(17) his brother carefully wakes Ernst up. He whispers to him. Holds him. Ernst calms down. Werner keeps watch over his brother. Sebastian closes his eyes.
16) 27) dialog: (quietly) Ernst. Lessner. Sir!
16) 29) dialog: Ernst Lessner, sir. Carl moves on. All the boys are a little uneasy. They can't figure him out.
24) 5) dialog: And here.
25) 0) text: Later. The sun is shining. It is very hot. Ludvig, Werner and Ernst are dragging a trolley full of disarmed mines along the gravel road. They can see Carl and his dog further down the road. The trolley is heavy with its load of disarmed mines.
25) 7) dialog: Make money! Work and get rich, right Werner?
25) 10) dialog: Bricklayers .. What else? The entire Reich has been bombed to oblivion. It needs rebuilding, and that is where we come in: ‘Werner, Ernst & Sons’.
25) 12) dialog: Yeah, when we have kids they will take over the company. Werner smiles.
36) 0) text: Following day. CU Carl. We see that he is looking at Werner and Ernst (the twins). Ernst is shaking.
36) 6) dialog: I know, sir. But I am really feeling sick. They stand there a while. Carl looks sternly at the twins Ernst looks up. Carl forces a smile. He lifts up his hand and gently touch Ernst's chin.
36) 9) dialog: I am begging you, sir. Carl looks down at Otto the dog that is sitting next to him.
69) 8) dialog: Hey, Werner, stop. The others are shouting at us. Something is wrong. Werner keeps on working. Werner lifts up the mine. He smiles. Suddenly his facial expression changes. Underneath the mine is another mine. Werner looks over at his twin brother, Ernst. An enormous explosion goes off. The effect of two mines. Werner evaporates. Ernst's face gets splattered by the blood and flesh of his own brother. He is stunned. Then he jumps up and runs desperately over to Werner's area. He looks for his brother, calls out his name. Werner is spread all over the place. Ernst staggers about inside the mine field, confused, shocked looking for pieces of his twin brother. He screams. Ludvig and Sebastian come over. They overpower Ernst and hold him down. Helmut who has seen everything just sits there, stunned, his hands keep on working, though. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees a piece of Werner's body stuck in a low sand pine tree just off to his side. Helmut works faster and faster. Sebastian runs over and try to stop him.
72) 0) text: Sebastian and Helmut are sitting by Ernst in the hut. Ernst is on the bed shaking. Carl enters. He sits down. Carl breaks off the top of the ampoule and injects it into Ernst's arm.
72) 1) dialog: Sergent. Is that you? Have you found my brother? We have to go down and get him. We can still save him.
72) 3) dialog: Okay. Good. That is good .. Helmut and Sebastian look at Carl. Carl pats Ernst on the shoulder.
77) 0) text: The boys are inside the fishing hut. Helmut is cursing and swearing. He looks at Ludvig, who is sitting next to Ernst, who is still in his bed.
87) 0) text: Except from Ernst with his back to him, nobody is there. Silence. Carl walks over to Ernst.