1) 0) text: CU of young German soldier on the back of an army truck. This is Sebastian(16). Besides Sebastian are 11 other German boys. We see their faces one by one. Manfred(16), Werner(17), Ernst(17), Helmut(19), Ludvig(16), Wilhelm(15) and so on. 12 boys in all. They are just teenagers, nevertheless their youngish faces have a worn-out look to them. Like they have borrowed them from much older, and more experienced men. Hard and weary. The boys all look like they have been starving, some more than others. They are in various types of uniform. All of which are worn and torn. Two of the boys (Werner and Ernst) are like two peas ina pod. They are obviously twins. Hidden from the view of the others, they are holding hands. Sebastian peers out through the a gap in tarpaulin cloth that covers the back of the truck. He squints as the setting sun gets in his eyes. The truck is driving along a straight road through a forest near the Danish North Sea coastline.
4) 0) text: Sebastian and the other boys walk in a line down a long hallway. They are shown into the sleeping quarters. A small room. Filled with bunk beds without mattresses. Sebastian looks around. It seems most of the beds are occupied. Sebastian spots an empty bed, next to the window. He sits down on the bed. One of the older boys, Helmut(19), comes over. He looks at Sebastian. He stands there for a long time before he speaks.
4) 1) dialog: Move. That's my bed. Sebastian looks at the boy. Clearly, this is not his bed. Sebastian thinks about standing his ground. Decides against it. He gets up.
8) 10) dialog: Yeah? What was the funny bit? The others laugh even harder.
8) 11) dialog: I don't see what is so funny.
8) 13) dialog: Yeah, I get that. And? You think that is funny? The others don't know whether to continue laughing or ... Helmut looks angrily at Manfred.
8) 14) dialog: Why are you shaking your head!? Because of me? Manfred doesn't answer.
8) 15) dialog: You think you are funny? Or do you think I am stupid?
8) 17) dialog: What then? Manfred doesn't answer.
8) 18) dialog: You! I am talking to you.
8) 20) dialog: You think this is funny? He spreads out his arms to include their whole situation. Manfred doesn't answer.
8) 21) dialog: What about this? Is that funny? Helmut gets up and grabs hold of Manfred. Sebastian steps between them.
8) 23) dialog: You want somthing? You think you are special, don't you?
8) 25) dialog: Then why don't you stay the fuck out of it? Do you think that you are better than the rest of us? Sebastian doesn't answer.
8) 26) dialog: Where did you serve? Again, Sebastian doesn't answer.
8) 27) dialog: Do you know what I did?
8) 28) dialog: I was an officer. 14.
8) 30) dialog: So? I will tell you what. You would never have been able to do, what I did in the war. You know why? Because you lack courage! A good leader and soldier should have courage and never show fear. Sebastian doesn't answer. Helmut is right in front of Sebastian. Right in his face. In a calm voice he says.
8) 31) dialog: You think I don't know your kind? Is that what you think? You think I don't recognize a stupid little blue-collar boy, when I see one? Helmut smiles.
8) 32) dialog: Oh yes. A stupid little working- class nobody. That is what you are, right? Sebastian suddenly looks up at Helmut. With a quick movement Sebastian grabs Helmut by the throat with one hand. He tightens his grip. Helmut tries to get Sebastian to let go. Sebastian stares straight into Helmut's eyes.
9) 19) dialog: Ready, lieutenant. 17.
16) 6) dialog: Morbach. Helmut Morbach. Sir! He stands in front of the twins.
18) 41) dialog: Helmut, sir.
18) 43) dialog: Yes, sir?
18) 45) dialog: No, sir.
18) 47) dialog: No, sir. Carl looks really irritated at Helmut.
18) 49) dialog: One meter, sir! Helmut looks down. He realizes that he has walked 3-4 meters onto the beach. Helmut freezes. Carl turns around and walks away. From a safe distance he shouts.
18) 51) dialog: Here boy, come here, boy. Carl whistles. Otto turns around and runs to Carl and the other boys. Helmut just stands there for a while. Then he nervously walks back towards safety. Cut to: Carl with the boys up by the road.
20) 0) text: Sebastian and Wilhelm are standing in the door way of their sleeping quarters, the tiny fishing hut. It isa small room with bunk beds that have no mattresses. A smoky, tarry smell hangs in the air. 31. They place the blocks of peat on the bunk beds, to sleep on. Helmut is there too. Wilhelm looks at Sebastian.
20) 5) dialog: Aren't you forgetting a minor detail?
20) 7) dialog: Why? He might as well understand that his bright future is a fairy tale fantasy.
20) 9) dialog: And what if ... Sebastian stops Helmut.
24) 3) dialog: Here is another one.
26) 0) text: Later. Sebastian is disarming yet another mine. He is sweating profusely now and his hands are shaking. He almost messes it up. But he makes it. 39. Behind Sebastian are 9 disarmed mines already. He carefully places the 10th one with the others Helmut seems annoyed that Sebastian's speed. The others are nowhere near as fast as Sebastian. They are all belly down on the sand. Several have taken off their uniforms in the intense heat. Wilhelm the youngest of the boys are on top of the dunes. He throws a handful of sand down onto the boy below in the sand. The sand startles the boy. When he looks up. Wilhelm ducks down out of sight. William does it a few times. The boy finally gets up and looks around. Still nothing to see.
26) 19) dialog: We were told; No contact with Danish civilians! Werner ignores Helmut.
26) 20) dialog: Are you deaf? Sebastian looks out at them through the open door. Werner gets up and stands in front of Helmut. He puts his face an inch in front of Helmut's face.
27) 0) text: Helmut sits down on his bed. Unties his boots and takes them off. He looks at Sebastian, who is still sitting on his bed. Helmut lies down. He clutches his stomach. He is hungry.
27) 2) dialog: Mind your own business. Beat.
27) 3) dialog: You know, just because you are quick, doesn't make you the leader.
27) 5) dialog: Arr.. why the fuck can't we get some food. Beat.
27) 6) dialog: I know what you all think of me.
31) 1) dialog: I think Sebastian should do it. None of the boys say anything. Sebastian looks at Helmut.
31) 2) dialog: Those who want Sebastian to do it raise your hands. Only a couple of boys raise their hands.
31) 3) dialog: What is with you guys?! Are you not hungry? (to Sebastian) And you ... why don't you do something? You think we don't notice how he looks at you. You are his favorite. You ..
33) 0) text: Sebastian comes in. Everyone is looking at him with great expectations. Sebastian shakes his head. Helmut shakes his head.
34) 0) text: Helmut is behind the fishing hut. He is loosening some boards. Cut to: Carl puts the board across the door to the fishing hut and locks up.
35) 0) text: Helmut is in bed. He is awake. He looks around on the other guys who are sleeping. He crawls out of bed. Wilhelm sees him.
35) 2) dialog: (whispering) Shh.. No.
35) 4) dialog: I am going to find something to eat. Go back to sleep. I'1l be back soon. Helmut crawls out through the hole in the wall.
48) 0) text: Carl and Sebastian come in. Inside the boys are lying on the floor and in the beds cramped up in fetal positions, clutching their bellies. They are sweating and shaking. In turns they scream and cramp up. It is a nightmarish scene. They are all pale and seriously sick. Both Sebastian and Carl are surprised. In his bed Helmut props himself up on his elbow as they enter.
48) 1) dialog: Sergeant! Everything is my fault, sir.
48) 3) dialog: It is my fault, sergeant. We were all so hungry last night, that I went over to the farm last night and took some animal feed. I am sure that is what made everyone so sick. Carl takes it in. Then he smacks Helmut hard across the face.
48) 4) dialog: I am so sorry, sir. I am the only person to blame. We have had no food for several days now. Beat. Carl looks furious. He looks around at the boys. Many of them are throwing up onto the floor.
48) 5) dialog: I am so sorry, sir. Carl hits him again.
48) 8) dialog: Everyone except Sebastian, sir. Carl looks at Sebastian. 55 56 54.
69) 10) dialog: Leave me be. Sebastian tries again.
69) 11) dialog: Leave me be! Helmut gets up and pushes Sebastian to the ground. 76 70.
69) 12) dialog: What do you want? What do you want from me?!! You have everything. Do you understand! You have won! Helmut sits down and begins working. He is crying. Carl comes running.
72) 0) text: Sebastian and Helmut are sitting by Ernst in the hut. Ernst is on the bed shaking. Carl enters. He sits down. Carl breaks off the top of the ampoule and injects it into Ernst's arm.
74) 13) dialog: Are you? 81 73. The smile at each other.
74) 14) dialog: 1-2-3-Go! Sebastian and Helmut race along in the wet sand near the water. The run. They are both very fast. They have a bet going. Whoever reaches the black flag down at the far end is the winner. It is a long way. Helmut just gets there first. He grabs the flag and raise it triumphantly. Both Sebastian and Helmut collapse on the sand.
74) 16) dialog: Maybe..
74) 18) dialog: Peace.
75) 1) text: Later. The two new boys, the old crew and Carl with his dog are walking towards the dunes and the fishing hut. Everyone is in high spirits. They are walking in area 7, their safe passage that they cleared out initially. Carl throws the tennis ball across a little stream that runs down the beach. Otto runs to get it. Otto jumps through the stream. He picks up the ball. And runs back towards Carl. Suddenly there is a huge explosion. Otto the dog stepped on a mine. Everything is dead quiet. The only sound is Otto whimpering. The dog is not dead. Carl runs over. He sits down. Holds the dog. The boys stay in the background, watching. They don't know what to do. Helmut is about to go to them. Sebastian holds him back. Carl lifts up the dog and walks, a lone figure, up toward the fishing hut. The boys just stand there. They don't know what to do. 82
76) 0) text: A few moments later. When the boys carefully approach the fishing hut, Carl is nowhere to be seen. A shot rings out from the barn. Helmut looks at Sebastian.
76) 1) dialog: I think one of us should go over to him. Sebastian shakes his head.
76) 3) dialog: Leave him alone? Why? It was an accident. Who knows what he might do? Suddenly the boys see Carl walking towards them. The boys quickly get into their uniforms and lace up their boots. They know this means trouble. The boys run out and stand to attention. Carl goes over and stands in front of Ludvig.
76) 18) dialog: We could do a re-count, sergeant? See if the numbers add up? Carl looks at Helmut. He yells.
76) 20) dialog: No, sergeant. Carl stands a while.
77) 0) text: The boys are inside the fishing hut. Helmut is cursing and swearing. He looks at Ludvig, who is sitting next to Ernst, who is still in his bed.
77) 1) dialog: You idiot! You know that? This is your fault! Sebastian interferes.
77) 3) dialog: No it wasn't. He miscounted. 84 77. Beat.
77) 4) dialog: It was an act of stupidity. And now we will all pay for it! Nobody speaks.
77) 5) dialog: You don't get it, do you? Nobody gets it. He practically told us. What will happen next? That dog could have been either one of us. How do you know, that he is not going to punish us?
77) 7) dialog: A good man! What the fuck do you know about that? Tell me! Helmut gets up. He pushes Sebastian.
79) 12) dialog: No, Sergent! Carl looks at the boys with and ice-cold stare.
81) 0) text: Sebastian and the boys are sitting in the fishing hut. They hear Carl put the board across the door and lock up. The boys sit a while. Helmut looks around at all of them.
81) 1) dialog: I say we get the fuck out of here now. Before we all die. Nobody says anything.
81) 2) dialog: Hallo? You accept this? Personally I would rather be shot by the Brits, than walk on that beach one more time. Sebastian looks at him.
81) 4) dialog: And you think he is a man of his word? Sebastian doesn't answer.
81) 5) dialog: Well, I am getting the fuck out of here. If anyone wants to come along, they are welcome. He looks around at the others. Nobody makes any response.
81) 7) dialog: If you want to do his march of the dead, you are welcome. But you don't tell me what to do. Nobody does. 81.
81) 9) dialog: It is not up to you. I am leaving!! Beat.
81) 10) dialog: You don't get it, do you? You think he is your friend? He detests you ... all of us! You know the other de-mining units use armored vehicles to check the beaches? But us? We have to walk. You think that is because the sergeant is our friend? Sebastian looks at the other boys.
81) 13) dialog: Mmmmmmm.
81) 15) dialog: Mmmmmmm.
88) 0) text: When Carl gets to the dunes, he sees the boys. By the time Carl gets down there, he knows what is going on. Sebastian and Helmut have already started clearing a passage to the girl. They are going as fast as they can. Struggling. Sebastian turns around.
89) 0) text: Carl comes walking from the farm. He goes over to the fishing hut. Helmut and Ludvig are sitting outside.
92) 0) text: Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and a forth German boy are rolling up barbwire and depositing it in big piles ready to be picked up. Suddenly a giant explosion sounds from the road. Sebastia and the others fall to the ground. Cut to:
94) 0) text: Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and a forth German boy get up. They tun towards the road and the black cloud of smoke. They sprint. Sebastian and the boys stop ten meters away from the blas site. They are shocked by what they see. Carl comes running up to Sebastian and the boys. He stops in his tracks. Flabbergasted. All the mines on the truck have exploded. There are dead bodies and loose body parts all over the place. The truck has disintegrated except for its bent and blackened frame which is now burning. Fade to black: Cut to:
95) 0) text: Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and a forth boy are packing up their few belongings. They are the only four boys remaining of the original 14. There is a knock on the door. It is Karin holding Elizabeth's hand. Karin has brought a large basket with food and drinks. She has a piece of paper in her hand. She reads from it in German, slowly and with a strong Danish accent.
100) 0) text: Sebastian and the boys are now part of a new and much larger platoon. They are standing to attention. 108 93. An older Danish sergeant is standing in front of them. All the other soldiers in the unit are older than Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and the forth boy.