14) 0) text: A military jeep with a trailer pulls up in front of the fishing hut. The boys, who were sitting down, get up and stand to attention. Carl is driving the jeep. He stops the jeep in front of the hut. He looks casually at the boys before he jumps out and walks over to the farmhouse. Carl knocks on the door to the farmhouse. It takes a while before Karin(52), the owner of the farmhouse, opens the door. They talk a little before Karin puts on her wooden clogs and follow Carl across to a barn. They stop in front of a traditional wooden door. Karin unlocks it.
15) 1) dialog: I know it is not much, but ...
15) 4) dialog: I don't know if I need to mention it, but I don't want any Germans near the farmhouse. The fishing hut is okay. As long as they stay over there. Carl looks up at Karin and smiles.
15) 6) dialog: Okay then ... if you need anything or have any questions, let me know.
26) 16) dialog: Elizabeth. Elizabeth!! Get over here right away! Karin runs over and grabs the girl by the hand. Pulls her away. Away from them.
26) 17) dialog: Come on. The girl is resisting. She doesn't want to follow.
26) 18) dialog: What is wrong with you? Come here! Karin pulls the girl along. The girl reluctantly lets herself be pulled away. On the way back the little girl turns around and waves. Werner waves back. He smiles at both of them. The mother ignores him. Werner straightens up and goes back and sit down. Helmut gets up and stands directly in front of Werner.
49) 0) text: Carl knocks on the door to the farmhouse. No one comes to the door. Carl knocks again. Hard this time. The daughter opens. She looks at Sebastian, who is standing behind Carl. Karin comes to the door.
49) 1) dialog: What is he doing here? I told you that I want nothing to do with them. No contact. That was the deal.
50) 0) text: Carl pushes open the barn door. Carl and Sebastian enter. Karin follows.
50) 1) dialog: When I tell you, that there is nothing edible in here, I am not kidding. They look around. Evidently it has been many years since this was a farm with animals.
50) 3) dialog: As you can see, there is nothing here. Carl stops at the stairs leading to a small loft.
50) 5) dialog: What do you mean? This is the hay loft. They go up. Upstairs is a sack of very old animal feed.
50) 7) dialog: If they have eaten from this it is no wonder they got sick. It is full of rat shit. You see? Karin picks some of it up in his hand. She shows it to Carl and Sebastian. She can't help smiling.
50) 8) dialog: Hell, that right here could kill a horse.
50) 10) dialog: So I finally did get me a few Germans after all.
50) 11) dialog: Hey, they can finish it off if they like. Carl and Sebastian leave.
51) 0) text: Carl and Sebastian cross the yard. Karin and the little girl are watching them from the door.
83) 0) text: Karin comes running across the yard. She opens the door to Carl's room. Carl isn't there.
83) 3) dialog: (in Danish) Where is the Sergeant?!! Karin looks around frantically. Then she runs back out again.
84) 0) text: The boys are running towards the beach. Through the dunes Karin is running up ahead of them.
88) 3) dialog: You have to sit down, my little darling! The girl doesn't hear them. She smiles and waves. Ernst suddenly appears behind the crowd. Nobody notices him. Suddenly he walks through the crowd. Past Carl. Past the other boys. He steps over the barbwire and into the fenced-off area. Ernst walks into the mine field. Going in a straight line. He walks past Sebastian, who is disarming a mine. He heads straight towards the girl. Everyone drops to the ground. Sebastian stops working and looks up at Ernst, astounded. But no mines go off and Ernst reaches the girl. He sits down and smiles to her. ERNST (in German) Shall I take a look at her? The girls smiles, she thinks he is Werner to whom she spoke earlier.
95) 0) text: Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and a forth boy are packing up their few belongings. They are the only four boys remaining of the original 14. There is a knock on the door. It is Karin holding Elizabeth's hand. Karin has brought a large basket with food and drinks. She has a piece of paper in her hand. She reads from it in German, slowly and with a strong Danish accent.
95) 1) dialog: I would like to thank you for all that you have done. Thank you for saving my daughter's life. 103 104 89. The boys are just standing there. Karin sets the basket down on the floor.
95) 2) dialog: Thank you..