1) 0) text: CU of young German soldier on the back of an army truck. This is Sebastian(16). Besides Sebastian are 11 other German boys. We see their faces one by one. Manfred(16), Werner(17), Ernst(17), Helmut(19), Ludvig(16), Wilhelm(15) and so on. 12 boys in all. They are just teenagers, nevertheless their youngish faces have a worn-out look to them. Like they have borrowed them from much older, and more experienced men. Hard and weary. The boys all look like they have been starving, some more than others. They are in various types of uniform. All of which are worn and torn. Two of the boys (Werner and Ernst) are like two peas ina pod. They are obviously twins. Hidden from the view of the others, they are holding hands. Sebastian peers out through the a gap in tarpaulin cloth that covers the back of the truck. He squints as the setting sun gets in his eyes. The truck is driving along a straight road through a forest near the Danish North Sea coastline.
7) 33) dialog: Idiot. Ebbe hears it. He comes over to Sebastian and Manfred.
7) 35) dialog: No, sir! Ebbe looks over at Sebastian.
8) 1) text: Sebastian is sitting / lying down with some of the other boys in the sleeping quarters. The boys are talking in hushed voices. Manfred(16) is telling jokes.
8) 3) dialog: No, I don't want to. Ludvig laughs.
8) 5) dialog: Okay then.. (MORE )
8) 7) dialog: So Hitler and Géring are standing on top of the Berlin radio tower. Hitler shakes his head and says, "Berlin sure isn't what it used to be, eh?" G6dring shakes his head.
8) 8) dialog: Hitler looks at Géring and says how he longs to put a smile back on the lips of the Berliners. G6ring looks at Hitler and says, "Then why don't you go ahead and jump?" The boys all burst out laughing. All, except Helmut. He is stone-faced. Manfred smiles at Helmut.
8) 9) dialog: Come on, man. That is funny. Helmut looks at Manfred.
8) 12) dialog: Well, you know ... It would have prevented the war.
8) 16) dialog: No. 13.
8) 19) dialog: No, of course not. I am just goofing around, man.
11) 0) text: As in the beginning Sebastian and the boys are back in an army truck. They look at each other and out through the back at the Danish landscape. They are down to 11 boys. One of them is missing. Manfred. A Danish soldier is standing at the back of the truck. He reads aloud from an official set of rules. SOLDIER (in German) 1. At all cost avoid interfering with Danes.