1) 0) text: CU of young German soldier on the back of an army truck. This is Sebastian(16). Besides Sebastian are 11 other German boys. We see their faces one by one. Manfred(16), Werner(17), Ernst(17), Helmut(19), Ludvig(16), Wilhelm(15) and so on. 12 boys in all. They are just teenagers, nevertheless their youngish faces have a worn-out look to them. Like they have borrowed them from much older, and more experienced men. Hard and weary. The boys all look like they have been starving, some more than others. They are in various types of uniform. All of which are worn and torn. Two of the boys (Werner and Ernst) are like two peas ina pod. They are obviously twins. Hidden from the view of the others, they are holding hands. Sebastian peers out through the a gap in tarpaulin cloth that covers the back of the truck. He squints as the setting sun gets in his eyes. The truck is driving along a straight road through a forest near the Danish North Sea coastline.
2) 1) text: The truck with Sebastian and the boys drives through a gate. It stops on a large open square. We see several trucks pull up next to it. Pebbles crunch under the heavy truck tires. German prisoners of war in all ages spill out from the trucks and settle in the square. A few Danish armed soldiers are there to receive them.
4) 0) text: Sebastian and the other boys walk in a line down a long hallway. They are shown into the sleeping quarters. A small room. Filled with bunk beds without mattresses. Sebastian looks around. It seems most of the beds are occupied. Sebastian spots an empty bed, next to the window. He sits down on the bed. One of the older boys, Helmut(19), comes over. He looks at Sebastian. He stands there for a long time before he speaks.
4) 2) dialog: Of course. Sebastian finds a spot on the floor, where he sits down. He looks around the room. He pulls his blanket around him. There is not enough beds for everyone and several others have also had to settle for the floor. Sebastian lies down. Looks around at the others before he shuts his eyes.
5) 0) text: Sebastian and most of the boys he came with in the truck are standing to attention in a small classroom. The young commanding officer Ebbe comes in. He is flanked by two Danish soldiers. He stands in front of the boys. On a table are several land mines. Ebbe looks around the room. He pulls down a map of Denmark.
6) 0) text: Sebastian and the boys are in their beds. Most have gone to sleep. Sebastian looks around. Ernst (one of the twin brothers) is having a nightmare. Werner(17) his brother carefully wakes Ernst up. He whispers to him. Holds him. Ernst calms down. Werner keeps watch over his brother. Sebastian closes his eyes.
7) 0) text: Following day. Sebastian and some of the other boys are crawling around in a giant sand box. Ebbe, flanked by two soldiers, is walking among the boys. Ebbe speaks while observing the boys.
7) 36) dialog: No, sir. I have nothing I want to share with the group.
7) 38) dialog: It was nothing.
7) 40) dialog: Yes, sir, lieutenant. Absolutely sure. Most of the boys look down again and keep searching for mines.
7) 44) dialog: I didn't think the lieutenant was interested in knowing our names, sir? Ebbe whacks Sebastian's fingers with his cane. Sebastian pulls his hands back.
8) 1) text: Sebastian is sitting / lying down with some of the other boys in the sleeping quarters. The boys are talking in hushed voices. Manfred(16) is telling jokes.
8) 22) dialog: Hey, calm down. He was just joking around, right? Manfred nods. Helmut lets go of Manfred and turns to Sebastian.
8) 24) dialog: No.
8) 29) dialog: So? There is high tension in the air.
8) 33) dialog: You! I don't know you. You ask me all these questions and think you are entitled to an answer?! Why? Helmut can hardly breathe.
8) 34) dialog: Why?
8) 35) dialog: You don't wanna know, where I was. If I told you, where I was and what I did, you would be shitting your pants right now ... Beat.
8) 36) dialog: Are we clear ..? 11 15. Helmut manages to nod even though he can barely breathe. Sebastian lets go of Helmut. Beat. Helmut is stunned. He goes back to his bed. The others are quiet.
9) 22) dialog: That would be one disarmed mine, Sir. Sebastian smiles. So does everyone else. Except Helmut. Sebastian winks at Ludvig, when he walks past him.
9) 23) dialog: You've got this. With heavy steps Ludvig walks into the silo. He stops just inside the entrance. Ludvig looks at the mine, then at all the disarmed ones. He goes over to the mine. There are only two left. Ludvig sits down and looks at the two mines, then he picks one up. (CU) the mine. His hands are shaking. Outside Sebastian, the boys, the two private soldiers and Ebbe are waiting. EBBE (shouting) Come on. The others would have done the lot by now. Inside the silo. Ludvig hears Ebbe's cry faintly. His right hand slowly turns the fuse. Outside. Ebbe looks at his watch. 18.
9) 25) dialog: Permission to go in and get him, sir?
11) 0) text: As in the beginning Sebastian and the boys are back in an army truck. They look at each other and out through the back at the Danish landscape. They are down to 11 boys. One of them is missing. Manfred. A Danish soldier is standing at the back of the truck. He reads aloud from an official set of rules. SOLDIER (in German) 1. At all cost avoid interfering with Danes.
12) 0) text: The army truck stops. This is the end of the line for them. The boys jump off the truck which drives off. 15 16 17 20. The boys are assembled in the quietness. They look around They are outside a barbwire fence. A sign says: Achtung Minen! Danger Mines! No Access! In front go the entrance are two guards armed with guns and rifles. Sebastian and the boys pass the guard point. They head down the the small gravel road. Towards the dunes and the sea.
16) 33) dialog: Schumann. Sebastian Schumann. Sir. Carl goes a bit further back and faces the boys. Carl looks. at his dog.
18) 10) dialog: No, sir.
18) 12) dialog: Absolutely sure, sir! Carl looks at the boys. He stands there for a while.
18) 54) dialog: This is where we deposit the disarmed mines that we do not detonate ourselves. The teller mines are to be lined up in straight lines of 25 each. With the front of the mine pointing forward.
18) 56) dialog: Always remember the mine count and take down the precise number. Every time. Carl stands a while. Then smiles.
19) 0) text: Sebastian and Wilhelm are walking along the gravel road. They are gathering blocks of dry grassy peat. Nobody speaks. We see the other boys doing the same.
20) 0) text: Sebastian and Wilhelm are standing in the door way of their sleeping quarters, the tiny fishing hut. It isa small room with bunk beds that have no mattresses. A smoky, tarry smell hangs in the air. 31. They place the blocks of peat on the bunk beds, to sleep on. Helmut is there too. Wilhelm looks at Sebastian.
20) 6) dialog: Stay out of this. Wilhelm looks puzzled.
20) 10) dialog: Stop it. Wilhelm doesn't really understand what is going on. 23 32. Helmut stays quiet. He shakes his head .
20) 13) dialog: Sure. Yeah. That would be great. Wilhelm smiles. Helmut gets up and leaves. He shakes his head.
20) 16) dialog: Yeah. Sebastian forces a smile.
24) 0) text: The boys have been ordered to begin de-mining. They are crawling along, spread out evenly along the beach in a long line. 30 36. Carl is observing from a safe distance. The dog is by his side. The area they are in has already been precisely measured out into smaller squares. Sebastian is inching himself along, carefully prodding the sand in front of him using his stick. He is moving ahead of the others. Suddenly his feels something. He yells out.
24) 1) dialog: I've got one, sir.
26) 0) text: Later. Sebastian is disarming yet another mine. He is sweating profusely now and his hands are shaking. He almost messes it up. But he makes it. 39. Behind Sebastian are 9 disarmed mines already. He carefully places the 10th one with the others Helmut seems annoyed that Sebastian's speed. The others are nowhere near as fast as Sebastian. They are all belly down on the sand. Several have taken off their uniforms in the intense heat. Wilhelm the youngest of the boys are on top of the dunes. He throws a handful of sand down onto the boy below in the sand. The sand startles the boy. When he looks up. Wilhelm ducks down out of sight. William does it a few times. The boy finally gets up and looks around. Still nothing to see.
27) 0) text: Helmut sits down on his bed. Unties his boots and takes them off. He looks at Sebastian, who is still sitting on his bed. Helmut lies down. He clutches his stomach. He is hungry.
27) 1) dialog: You are good at making friends, huh?
27) 4) dialog: Good. I don't want to lead anybody. Beat.
27) 7) dialog: No, I don't think you do. But most of us here recognize an asshole from Rotherbaum, when we see one. Helmut is somewhat surprised that Sebastian knows where he comes from.
30) 2) dialog: Forget it,Ludvig.. Just keep working.
31) 4) dialog: He has no food! Don't you get it? And if he had food, he would never give it to us! He doesn't care about us. They all hate us. Get it into your heads! We are here, because they don't give a shit if we die. Helmut is shocked by hearing the truth. Despondent he sits down.
32) 0) text: Sebastian carefully opens the door. 45. He carefully opens the door. Slowly, he enters. Inside is another door. Sebastian knocks again, politely.
32) 2) dialog: It is me, Sebastian. Sorry, Sergeant. Carl is lying on the bed. An almost empty whisky bottle is on the table. Carl is drunk. He looks up at Sebastian.
32) 3) dialog: Sergeant, sir. Sorry for the disturbance.
32) 6) dialog: I am here on behalf of everyone, Sergeant.
32) 8) dialog: We just wanted to hear if the sergeant has maybe heard anything about any food? Sebastian is just standing there. Sebastian tries to say something, but Carl cuts him short
32) 9) dialog: I think that if we don't get some..
32) 13) dialog: No, sir.
32) 15) dialog: I know that, sir. Carl smiles and lets go of Sebastian.
32) 18) dialog: I know that the sergeant do not care about us. Carl looks at Sebastian. Carl looks furious. Beat.
32) 21) dialog: Yes, sir? Carl smiles.
32) 23) dialog: Of course, Sergeant. Good night. 39 40 41 42 47.
33) 0) text: Sebastian comes in. Everyone is looking at him with great expectations. Sebastian shakes his head. Helmut shakes his head.
33) 1) dialog: I told you ... The disappointment on their faces is clear. They are starving. Sebastian goes in and lies down on his bed and shuts his eyes.
37) 0) text: Later. Sebastian is disarming a teller mine. He is struggling. It is not going his way. Sebastian curses. In the end he manages to get it done.
38) 0) text: Wilhelm, the youngest of the boys, is not far from Sebastian. He looks in a terrible state. His hands are shaking violently. He blows on his hands, as if to warm them up. He suddenly vomits.
40) 0) text: Meanwhile. Sebastian stops working his own line, gets up and walks over to Wilhelm, who looks like he is in troubl with one of the mines. Suddenly the mine goes off. Sebastian who was on his way over is thrown back by the blast.
42) 0) text: Sebastian gets back up. He pats himself down to check if he is wounded. He runs to Wilhelm. Sebastian sees that Wilhelm, apart from being wounded to the face and all over his body, is also missing both his arms. Wilhelm looks up at Sebastian, smiling.
42) 2) dialog: That is good, Wilhelm, that is good. It doesn't look too bad.
42) 4) dialog: Help me!! They do not react. Sebastian starts to put pressure on the wounds to slow down the bleeding by wrapping his belt around what is left of Wilhelm's arms. Sebastian looks at Helmut who is standing a short distance away.
42) 5) dialog: Helmut. I need your help. We need to get him off this beach. Helmut is still horrified. He doesn't react. Sebastian starts lifting and dragging Wilhelm across the sand. He is looking for someone to come and help him.
42) 6) dialog: For christ's sake, help me, Helmut! 49 51. Helmut is just standing there, catatonic. Werner now comes running over to help.
42) 8) dialog: We need to get him up to the house. Werner and Sebastian carries Wilhelm up through the dunes towards the fishing hut.
43) 1) dialog: Hold this tight! Werner doesn't do it right.
43) 2) dialog: No, like this. Tightly, Okay? You got him? Werner nods. From the farmhouse Karin peers out his front door, curiously. She quickly shuts the door once she realizes what has happened. Sebastian runs over to the jeep and finds a first aid kit. He opens it. It is half empty. He empties the contents of the bag on the ground. Other than a bit of gauze there really isn't anything of use. Cut to: Sebastian applies pressure and wraps gauze on Wilhelm's arms, trying to prevent him bleeding to death. Sebastian yells for Carl.
43) 3) dialog: Sergeant!! Wilhelm is now crying and screaming. His face is a pale white mask.
43) 4) dialog: Sergent!! We need you!! Cut to: 50 51 52 53 52.
44) 0) text: Carl is in his tiny room. We hear Sebastian's cries for help and Wilhelm screaming. Carl sits on the bed a while. He takes out a small leathe pouch. Inside are several ampoules of methadone. He takes one out of the pouch. Cut to:
45) 2) dialog: Thank you, sir. Carl doesn't say anything. He gets up and walks back. Sebastian looks at Carl walking away. Did Carl help to stop the screaming or because he actually felt sorry for the boy?
46) 0) text: Wilhelm is on the back of a military truck. A samaritan is behind the wheel. Sebastian and Werner are looking on. The jeep drives off.
47) 0) text: Later. Sebastian knocks on Carl's door. No answer. Sebastian goes in. He is still covered in blood.
47) 1) dialog: Sergent? Carl is lying on the bed. He looks briefly over at Sebastian.
47) 3) dialog: I think we have a problem, sir. 54 53.
48) 0) text: Carl and Sebastian come in. Inside the boys are lying on the floor and in the beds cramped up in fetal positions, clutching their bellies. They are sweating and shaking. In turns they scream and cramp up. It is a nightmarish scene. They are all pale and seriously sick. Both Sebastian and Carl are surprised. In his bed Helmut props himself up on his elbow as they enter.
49) 0) text: Carl knocks on the door to the farmhouse. No one comes to the door. Carl knocks again. Hard this time. The daughter opens. She looks at Sebastian, who is standing behind Carl. Karin comes to the door.
50) 0) text: Carl pushes open the barn door. Carl and Sebastian enter. Karin follows.
51) 0) text: Carl and Sebastian cross the yard. Karin and the little girl are watching them from the door.
51) 1) dialog: What was she laughing about? Carl stops. He looks at Sebastian.
51) 3) dialog: Yes, sir! Carl and Sebastian walk across the yard.
51) 5) dialog: He didn't offer it to me, sergeant. Carl acknowledges his answer. 58 59 60 61 62 56.
52) 0) text: Sebastian is down by the edge of the sea, he is filling up a big canteen with sea water.
53) 1) dialog: Listen up! You have eaten rat shit. All of you. Which can be fatal. So get it all out of you system. Sebastian helps out where he can.
53) 2) dialog: Yes, I know. It is horrible. But you have to swallow it. Drink it down. empty those stomachs. The boys vomit, emptying their stomachs. Carl is sitting some distance away. Watching the spectacle. He shakes his head.
54) 0) text: Later. The boys are sleeping. Shaking, freezing, sweating Cut to: Sebastian nails the two boards back around the back of the hut. He checks the rest of the hut for loose boards. Carl follows him around, making sure it is done properly. Nobody speaks.
56) 0) text: Carl is standing in front of Sebastian, who is sitting outside.
56) 2) dialog: Permission to show you something, sir? Carl nods. 63 64 57. Sebastian goes into the hut and comes out with the frame he built earlier. He has attached 4 strings to it so they make 9 squares. Sebastian puts the frame on the ground. He puts a stick in each square. Carl is impressed although he doesn't show it. This will no doubt lessen the risk and make the de-mining work easier.
56) 3) dialog: I know how much the sergeant hate us. And that the sergeant don't care where we die of starvation or get blown up by a mine. But I believe that it will look much better for you if we die on the beach, de-mining ... Sir. Beat.
56) 4) dialog: I mean the beach has to be cleared, right? Beat.
57) 0) text: Sebastian is sitting inside the fishing hut looking at the sick boys.
61) 0) text: Carl puts the box of food in front of the fishing hut. He unlocks the door and goes over to his own place. Cut to: Sebastian is ladling out food to the boys. It is a thick broth of potatoes, onions and bread. They all look better already. He boys sit outside the hut. They wolf down the food as if it was their last meal ever. Sebastian looks thankfully over at Carl who sits some distance away looking at them. Cut to: Later. Carl is now over by the fishing hut.
62) 0) text: The boys are once more clearing mines. Their pace is quicker now. It seems like they have been re-energized. And they are using Sebastian's new invention, the frames. Carl walks around among them. He shouts:
67) 0) text: Sebastian is sitting on top of a bunker. The sun is huge, very beautiful and almost completely red. Carl climbs up and joins him. He sits down. Carl look out across the sea. The wind is blowing gently in his face.
67) 1) dialog: I would like to thank you, sir.
67) 3) dialog: For pretending to look out for us, sir.
67) 5) dialog: It doesn't matter that much, sir. It helps them. That is what is important. They sit for a moment.
67) 7) dialog: I know, Sergent. Sebastian 67. looks at carl.
67) 8) dialog: It was for the best, Sergent.
67) 9) dialog: So we could get on with the mines. So we can go home ... eventually. A necklace with a small silver cross hangs around Sebastian' Sebastian s neck. Carl looks at it. notices that Carl is looking at the cross. He tucks it under his shirt. Beat. Beat. Sebastian and hands Sebastian
67) 12) dialog: Sometimes.. Sir. sits a while, then he takes off the necklace it to Carl.
67) 13) dialog: Try holding it, sir. smiles.
67) 15) dialog: Yes, go on, sir. Try holding it.
67) 17) dialog: Really, take it, sir. Try holding it. Hesitantly Carl reaches for the cross.
67) 18) dialog: 
67) 20) dialog: My dad gave it to me. That is the main reason I wear it. He always did that. Gave me a fright every time. That is mainly why I wear it. They sit a while without saying anything. Carl gets up.
67) 22) dialog: Good night, sergeant. Carl gets up and leaves. Sebastian remains.
69) 0) text: The following day. Sebastian is on the beach. The sun is shining. He is disarming a mine and is about to lift it up, when he sees another mine just underneath it. Two mines on top of each other.
69) 1) dialog: Shit! Sebastian puts it back carefully. He gets up and shouts to the others. They can't hear him.
69) 2) dialog: Ludvig! Stop! There are two mines on top of each other! Ludvig hears him and stops.
69) 4) dialog: They've put two mines on top of each other!
69) 9) dialog: Helmut stop! Helmut pushes Sebastian away.
69) 15) dialog: Helmut. Stop. You hear me? Stop digging. Helmut stops digging. Sebastian sits down and holds him. Helmut breaks down crying.
69) 16) dialog: Helmut, look at me. Helmut can't look at him.
69) 17) dialog: Helmut, look at me. It is okay. You hear? It is okay. We need your strength now. I need you. You hear? We must stand by each other now, right? Helmut looks up. Helmut believes him. He smiles through his tears. Carl looks at them. And at Sebastian. Then he finally lowers the gun.
72) 0) text: Sebastian and Helmut are sitting by Ernst in the hut. Ernst is on the bed shaking. Carl enters. He sits down. Carl breaks off the top of the ampoule and injects it into Ernst's arm.
74) 12) dialog: Are you sure you want to do this?
74) 15) dialog: You are crazy.. For the first time Helmut's smile is genuine.
74) 17) dialog: Peace?
75) 1) text: Later. The two new boys, the old crew and Carl with his dog are walking towards the dunes and the fishing hut. Everyone is in high spirits. They are walking in area 7, their safe passage that they cleared out initially. Carl throws the tennis ball across a little stream that runs down the beach. Otto runs to get it. Otto jumps through the stream. He picks up the ball. And runs back towards Carl. Suddenly there is a huge explosion. Otto the dog stepped on a mine. Everything is dead quiet. The only sound is Otto whimpering. The dog is not dead. Carl runs over. He sits down. Holds the dog. The boys stay in the background, watching. They don't know what to do. Helmut is about to go to them. Sebastian holds him back. Carl lifts up the dog and walks, a lone figure, up toward the fishing hut. The boys just stand there. They don't know what to do. 82
76) 0) text: A few moments later. When the boys carefully approach the fishing hut, Carl is nowhere to be seen. A shot rings out from the barn. Helmut looks at Sebastian.
76) 2) dialog: Let's just leave him alone.
76) 11) dialog: Stop it!! Carl sits on the ground. Ludvig holds his neck. He is crying.
77) 2) dialog: Stop it, Helmut. It was an accident.
77) 6) dialog: Because he is a good man. Helmut rolls his eyes back.
77) 8) dialog: Don't do that. Helmut pushes again.
77) 9) dialog: Stop it. Helmut pushes him once more. The two boys jump each other. They fight hard for a long time. The other boys barely manage to separate them. Helmut gets up and leaves the house. He heads down to the beach. The other boys stay with Sebastian. Ludvig looks at Sebastian
77) 10) dialog: Stop looking at me! Ludvig looks away. Sebastian is furious.
81) 0) text: Sebastian and the boys are sitting in the fishing hut. They hear Carl put the board across the door and lock up. The boys sit a while. Helmut looks around at all of them.
81) 3) dialog: We stay until its done. Then we go home. That is the best option. We finish our job. The sergeant promised that we get to go home, when we are done.
81) 6) dialog: You stay. Helmut gets up.
81) 8) dialog: Yeah, that maybe so. But happens to us when he sees that you are gone? I cannot allow it.
81) 11) dialog: Get hold of him. Tie him down.. The other boys look at Sebastian.
81) 12) dialog: I said, Tie him down! The other boys jump Helmut and ties him down on the bed. He is yelling and screaming. Sebastian stuffs a piece of cloth in his mouth.
81) 14) dialog: Are you going to shut up? Helmut tries to get out but he is pinned down.
81) 16) dialog: I will only remove the cloth if you are quiet. Will you be quiet? Helmut nods.
81) 17) dialog: Are you sure? Helmut nods again. Sebastian takes out the gag. He looks at Helmut. 88 89 90 91 92 82.
81) 18) dialog: Everybody stays ‘til we're done.. Sebastian lies down on his bed. He looks up at the ceiling.
83) 2) dialog: I don't know.
88) 0) text: When Carl gets to the dunes, he sees the boys. By the time Carl gets down there, he knows what is going on. Sebastian and Helmut have already started clearing a passage to the girl. They are going as fast as they can. Struggling. Sebastian turns around.
88) 1) dialog: It is going to take a while.. Suddenly the girl starts moving. Everyone starts yelling!
88) 5) dialog: Ernst? Hand her to me. Ernst lifts the girl up and passes her over to Sebastian. 96 85. Sebastian carries her back. Karin takes her. Slowly everyone gets up. Ernst is still out there. He looks at everyone and the mother, who is crying and frantically hugging the girl. Sebastian looks out towards Ernst.
88) 6) dialog: Are you coming, Ernst? Ernst looks at Sebastian for a long time. He smiles at him. Sebastian returns the smile.
88) 7) dialog: Come her, Ernst. Please. All of a sudden. Ernst turns and walks on further into the minefield. Ernst keeps walking. And walking .. The others are shouting for him to stop. Sebastian is about to run after him. Suddenly we hear a loud click. Ernst looks down at his right leg. A shiver runs through his body. He looks around. Looks back at the others. At Sebastian. Somehow Ernst looks at ease, almost relieved. Explosion. Ernst is blown to bits. He is gone. All that's left is a cloud of black smoke, slowly dispersing in the wind. Silence falls on the beach. We see the faces of the crowd Carl, Sebastian, the girl, Karin and all the boys. They are quiet. The joy has been replaced by an eerie emptiness. CU Sebastian.
89) 5) dialog: Why do you do it?
89) 7) dialog: You don't care about any of us.. So why do you pretend to be my friend? It is messed up. Hate me, that's fine. I can take it. But don't pretend to be our friend!! Carl stands there for a while. Sebastian breaks down. Carl embraces him. Sebastian tries to break free from his embrace.
89) 8) dialog: Let me go!! Carl holds on.
89) 9) dialog: I said, Let me go! Carl is still holding on. Sebastian breaks down in Carl's embrace.
89) 12) dialog: Let go of me. You don't understand.
89) 14) dialog: You are right to hate me. I ama very bad person. If you knew some of the things I have done.. Oh, my God. Sebastian breaks down completely. Carl holds him again.
89) 16) dialog: No.. I did more than that.. Much more. Sebastian can hardly breathe.
89) 17) dialog: We all did.. Cut to: We now see that Helmut is sitting inside the hut, just on the other side of the wall. He has heard everything.
92) 0) text: Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and a forth German boy are rolling up barbwire and depositing it in big piles ready to be picked up. Suddenly a giant explosion sounds from the road. Sebastia and the others fall to the ground. Cut to:
94) 0) text: Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and a forth German boy get up. They tun towards the road and the black cloud of smoke. They sprint. Sebastian and the boys stop ten meters away from the blas site. They are shocked by what they see. Carl comes running up to Sebastian and the boys. He stops in his tracks. Flabbergasted. All the mines on the truck have exploded. There are dead bodies and loose body parts all over the place. The truck has disintegrated except for its bent and blackened frame which is now burning. Fade to black: Cut to:
95) 0) text: Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and a forth boy are packing up their few belongings. They are the only four boys remaining of the original 14. There is a knock on the door. It is Karin holding Elizabeth's hand. Karin has brought a large basket with food and drinks. She has a piece of paper in her hand. She reads from it in German, slowly and with a strong Danish accent.
99) 0) text: Carl comes into his room. He sits down on his bed. Carl pulls out a bottle of whisky from under his bed. He opens the bottle and sits a while before he chugs from the bottle. He stares emptily into the air. We see his face. He notices a little package on the table. He picks it up and opens it. Inside is Sebastian's silver cross and a note. The note says: "BOOM!"
100) 0) text: Sebastian and the boys are now part of a new and much larger platoon. They are standing to attention. 108 93. An older Danish sergeant is standing in front of them. All the other soldiers in the unit are older than Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and the forth boy.
101) 0) text: Sebastian and the others are heading to the mess hall. A Danish soldier is there, behind a military truck. He walks up them them. 94.
101) 3) dialog: Yes, it is me. The soldier lifts aside the truck's tarpaulin.