0) 0) text: May 1945. World War 2 is over. CU A Danish soldier, Carl (41)(military rank: Sergeant) i driving along in a jeep. He turns into a gravel road. After a while he comes to the dunes overlooking the beach Carl parks the jeep and steps out. He walks over the dunes. On his back is a big backpack from which little black flags are sticking out. Carl stops on top of one of the dunes and looks across the beach. Clearly, this is a post-war landscape. As far the eye can see the beach is covered with lines of barbwire and signs saying. ‘DANGER! MINES.' Carl pushes some sand off with his foot. (He looks at a mine map) A wooden plank (Pansermine) appears beneath the sand. Carl puts his backpack down and digs further up ahead. Another plank appears. Carl puts his backpack back on and walks along the planks down towards the sea. He treads carefully, it is obvious that the entire beach is littered with mines. You can even see some of them poke up through the sand. Carl goes all the way to the water before he stops. He looks down the beach. He pulls a flag out of his backpack and sticks it into the sand. Then we walks along the water.
1) 0) text: CU of young German soldier on the back of an army truck. This is Sebastian(16). Besides Sebastian are 11 other German boys. We see their faces one by one. Manfred(16), Werner(17), Ernst(17), Helmut(19), Ludvig(16), Wilhelm(15) and so on. 12 boys in all. They are just teenagers, nevertheless their youngish faces have a worn-out look to them. Like they have borrowed them from much older, and more experienced men. Hard and weary. The boys all look like they have been starving, some more than others. They are in various types of uniform. All of which are worn and torn. Two of the boys (Werner and Ernst) are like two peas ina pod. They are obviously twins. Hidden from the view of the others, they are holding hands. Sebastian peers out through the a gap in tarpaulin cloth that covers the back of the truck. He squints as the setting sun gets in his eyes. The truck is driving along a straight road through a forest near the Danish North Sea coastline.
2) 1) text: The truck with Sebastian and the boys drives through a gate. It stops on a large open square. We see several trucks pull up next to it. Pebbles crunch under the heavy truck tires. German prisoners of war in all ages spill out from the trucks and settle in the square. A few Danish armed soldiers are there to receive them.
5) 0) text: Sebastian and most of the boys he came with in the truck are standing to attention in a small classroom. The young commanding officer Ebbe comes in. He is flanked by two Danish soldiers. He stands in front of the boys. On a table are several land mines. Ebbe looks around the room. He pulls down a map of Denmark.
7) 0) text: Following day. Sebastian and some of the other boys are crawling around in a giant sand box. Ebbe, flanked by two soldiers, is walking among the boys. Ebbe speaks while observing the boys.
9) 1) text: Ebbe, flanked by two soldiers, is in a kind of silo made from sandbags. The boys are standing around them. In the middle on the ground lies a teller mine. Spread out with amble distance between them are several other teller mines.
11) 0) text: As in the beginning Sebastian and the boys are back in an army truck. They look at each other and out through the back at the Danish landscape. They are down to 11 boys. One of them is missing. Manfred. A Danish soldier is standing at the back of the truck. He reads aloud from an official set of rules. SOLDIER (in German) 1. At all cost avoid interfering with Danes.
11) 1) dialog: 2. All German de-miners are under strict curfew.
11) 2) dialog: 3... Maintaining law and order is now a task overseen by the Danish authorities.
11) 3) dialog: 4. Under no circumstances is anyone allowed to mingle with Danish civilians.
11) 4) dialog: 5. Attempt of escape will be punishable by prison or prison camp. Cut to:
100) 0) text: Sebastian and the boys are now part of a new and much larger platoon. They are standing to attention. 108 93. An older Danish sergeant is standing in front of them. All the other soldiers in the unit are older than Sebastian, Helmut, Ludvig and the forth boy.
101) 0) text: Sebastian and the others are heading to the mess hall. A Danish soldier is there, behind a military truck. He walks up them them. 94.