1) 0) text: CU of young German soldier on the back of an army truck. This is Sebastian(16). Besides Sebastian are 11 other German boys. We see their faces one by one. Manfred(16), Werner(17), Ernst(17), Helmut(19), Ludvig(16), Wilhelm(15) and so on. 12 boys in all. They are just teenagers, nevertheless their youngish faces have a worn-out look to them. Like they have borrowed them from much older, and more experienced men. Hard and weary. The boys all look like they have been starving, some more than others. They are in various types of uniform. All of which are worn and torn. Two of the boys (Werner and Ernst) are like two peas ina pod. They are obviously twins. Hidden from the view of the others, they are holding hands. Sebastian peers out through the a gap in tarpaulin cloth that covers the back of the truck. He squints as the setting sun gets in his eyes. The truck is driving along a straight road through a forest near the Danish North Sea coastline.
5) 16) dialog: It is a Schrapnell mine, lieutenant.
8) 4) dialog: Go on, we want to hear it too. I will tell one afterwards. Beat.
9) 10) dialog: Thank you, sir.
9) 12) dialog: Yes, lieutenant.
9) 14) dialog: Yes, lieutenant.
16) 0) text: Carl comes back out. He walks over to the fishing hut, where the boys are still standing to attention. Carl whistles. Carl's dog, Otto, comes running from the jeep and over to Carl. He plays with it. Carl fill upa bowl of water and sets it down. The dog drinks from the water. Carl washes his neck and hands from the tap on the outsid of the farmhouse. He fills up his canteen. Carl sits down on the stairs to the fishing hut. The dog comes over and sits next to him. He strokes it. The sun is high in the sky and it is hot. Carl is carrying a gun and wearing an English army unifor with a red arm band with yellow text saying "Dansk Minekontrol". Carl drinks again. The boys are thirstily eyeing his canteen, and the tap. 22. Carl gets up and stands in front of the boys. He looks at the boys. He looks tough. The boys are still standing to attention. Carl goes over and stands in front of one of the boys. Wilhelm (15) is the youngest of the boys. Evidently.
16) 2) dialog: Hahn. Sir.
16) 4) dialog: Wilhelm Hahn. Sir. Carl moves on to the next boy.
19) 0) text: Sebastian and Wilhelm are walking along the gravel road. They are gathering blocks of dry grassy peat. Nobody speaks. We see the other boys doing the same.
20) 0) text: Sebastian and Wilhelm are standing in the door way of their sleeping quarters, the tiny fishing hut. It isa small room with bunk beds that have no mattresses. A smoky, tarry smell hangs in the air. 31. They place the blocks of peat on the bunk beds, to sleep on. Helmut is there too. Wilhelm looks at Sebastian.
20) 1) dialog: This is not so bad ... this whole thing. Sebastian doesn't answer.
20) 2) dialog: So what are you going to do when we get back home? Sebastian doesn't answer.
20) 3) dialog: I am going to be a machinist. My dad's friend owns a factory. A real nice place. He will take me in as an apprentice. Beat.
20) 4) dialog: That's good, right? He promised me that I can start as soon as I get back home. Helmut smiles sarcastically.
20) 8) dialog: It is no fantasy. It is reality. He already promised me.
20) 11) dialog: (to Sebastian) If you want, I could ask if he will take in one more apprentice? Beat.
20) 12) dialog: Only if you want to? Sebastian fakes interest.
20) 14) dialog: No problem. I will ask him. I am sure they can use one more. Especially when I tell them how good you are. Beat.
20) 15) dialog: Then we could go to work together each day.
21) 1) dialog: Look at him. Carl puts his plate on the ground. Carl's dog, Otto, quickly laps up the food. Wilhelm looks at Sebastian. Carl gets up and walks over to the boys. He stands in front of them.
24) 6) dialog: I have one.
26) 0) text: Later. Sebastian is disarming yet another mine. He is sweating profusely now and his hands are shaking. He almost messes it up. But he makes it. 39. Behind Sebastian are 9 disarmed mines already. He carefully places the 10th one with the others Helmut seems annoyed that Sebastian's speed. The others are nowhere near as fast as Sebastian. They are all belly down on the sand. Several have taken off their uniforms in the intense heat. Wilhelm the youngest of the boys are on top of the dunes. He throws a handful of sand down onto the boy below in the sand. The sand startles the boy. When he looks up. Wilhelm ducks down out of sight. William does it a few times. The boy finally gets up and looks around. Still nothing to see.
26) 4) dialog: No, sir. Carl yells in Wilhelm's face.
26) 6) dialog: Yes, Sergent! Further down the beach we see several more German POV de- mining platoons, they look like lines of tiny ants crawli on the beach. Suddenly we hear a thud from far away. A cloud of smoke appears on the horizon. Cold fear runs through the veins of the boys. A reminder of what happens, if they are not careful. 32 40. The boys get up. They look at the cloud of smoke. Then they keep going. Nobody says anything. They know that it could just as well have been one of them.
35) 0) text: Helmut is in bed. He is awake. He looks around on the other guys who are sleeping. He crawls out of bed. Wilhelm sees him.
35) 1) dialog: (whispering) Are you running away?
35) 3) dialog: Where are you going?
38) 0) text: Wilhelm, the youngest of the boys, is not far from Sebastian. He looks in a terrible state. His hands are shaking violently. He blows on his hands, as if to warm them up. He suddenly vomits.
40) 0) text: Meanwhile. Sebastian stops working his own line, gets up and walks over to Wilhelm, who looks like he is in troubl with one of the mines. Suddenly the mine goes off. Sebastian who was on his way over is thrown back by the blast.
42) 0) text: Sebastian gets back up. He pats himself down to check if he is wounded. He runs to Wilhelm. Sebastian sees that Wilhelm, apart from being wounded to the face and all over his body, is also missing both his arms. Wilhelm looks up at Sebastian, smiling.
42) 1) dialog: I am fine ... I am fine ... Sebastian smiles back.
42) 3) dialog: If I could just rest for bit. Maybe just for an hour. Then I'll be good to go .. The other boys on the beach are frozen in their positions in their own areas. Sebastian is calmly holding Wilhelm. Evidently this is not the first time he has dealt with death and mayhem. Sebastian looks up at Helmut, Ernst and Werner. He yells.
43) 0) text: Gently they put Wilhelm down on the ground.
44) 0) text: Carl is in his tiny room. We hear Sebastian's cries for help and Wilhelm screaming. Carl sits on the bed a while. He takes out a small leathe pouch. Inside are several ampoules of methadone. He takes one out of the pouch. Cut to:
45) 0) text: Carl is walking towards the two boys and the wounded Wilhelm. He kneels and breaks open the ampoule. Carl administers the methadone to Wilhelm. He looks at Wilhelm and smiles.
46) 0) text: Wilhelm is on the back of a military truck. A samaritan is behind the wheel. Sebastian and Werner are looking on. The jeep drives off.