0) 6) text: as Superintendent Alexander comes up to the chief foreman Ramуn is close by. He is dirty, sweating, furious.
0) 7) dialog: How did it happen?
0) 11) dialog: (to Ramуn)
0) 21) dialog: (pointing at Ramуn)
0) 22) text: You, there. Get a hold on yourself. A man's been hurt. I'm as sorry about it as you are. Savvy? Ramуn finally quiets down. By now the miners have formed ragged phalanx in b.g. The three union negotiators, Ramуn the Superintendent and the Chief Foreman form a group in f.g. Alexander speaks to all of them.
0) 23) dialog: Accidents are costly to everyone -- and to the company most of all. (glances at his watch)
0) 25) dialog: (an order)
0) 30) dialog: (exasperated, to Vidal)
0) 33) dialog: (turning to Frank)
0) 37) dialog: (sharply)
1) 1) text: standing before the silent miners. Barton realizes that the men are not looking at him, but at something above an beyond him. Barton looks over his shoulder. Alexander slowly follows suit.
1) 80) dialog: You can get the best view of the layout from here. That's their main picket line. They have another post on the back road, and roving patrols ...
1) 84) text: as the Sheriff comes up to Alexander's side of the car. T Sheriff has the appearance and speech of a New Mexican rancher, which he is. He touches his Stetson in a gesture of respect.
1) 86) dialog: How's it going?
1) 92) dialog: Oh yes. I know that one. He shifts into gear and drives off. The Sheriff touches h Stetson courteously. BACK TO PICKET LINE. The men are marching now, moving in a tight ellipse acros the road. Kalinsky hobbles along beside them on his crutches. Ramуn stands in the middle of the road, facing the picket line, his back to the approaching Cadillac. He lectures the men with mock severity.
1) 98) dialog: Eventually. This is just a little ritual to impress us with their power.
1) 100) dialog: Well, they're like children in many ways. Sometimes you have to humor them, sometimes you have to spank them -- and sometimes you have to take their food away. (Points off scene.)
1) 101) text: Here comes the one we were talking about. We see Ramуn leave the picket line and come toward the ca He is still sipping his coffee. Alexander chuckles.
1) 102) dialog: He's quite a character. Claims his grandfather once owned the land where the mine is now. Both men laugh.
1) 105) text: Want to go up to your office, Mr. Alexander?
1) 106) dialog: (a half-smile)
1) 109) dialog: No thanks.
1) 112) dialog: That's none of their affair.
1) 128) dialog: Not exactly. But I wish he were one. He knows more about mining than those pie-cards we've had to deal with. Hartwell is unprepared for Alexander's gambit -- but a ma falls suddenly over Ramуn's face. Alexander looks at Ramу continuing with all the sincerity he can muster.
1) 129) dialog: I mean it. I know your work record. You were in line for foreman when this trouble started -- did you know that? You had a real future with this company, but you let those Reds stir you up. And now they'll sell you down the river. Why don't you wake up, Ray? (A pause)
1) 132) dialog: Are you going to let us pass -- or do I have to call the Sheriff?
3) 208) dialog: Shut up. (As the Sheriff chuckles)
3) 212) dialog: (furious)
3) 284) dialog: (to Sheriff)
3) 288) dialog: You haven't tried locking them up!
3) 291) dialog: No, just the ring leaders. The fire-eaters. And the ones with big families ... (to Barton)
5) 193) dialog: (to a perturbed Hartwell)
5) 226) text: We stopped them ... It took all we had, but we stopped them ... When we heard about it at the mill, we just walked off ... Did you see their faces? .. . THE RECEDING CONVOY. LONG PANNING SHOT. The convoy approaches a crossroad a quarter of a mile downhill from the Quintero house. We see a Cadillac parke there at the corner. The lead car of the convoy stops and the sheriff gets out. He walks over to the Cadillac. CLOSE SHOT: AT CADILLAC. Alexander and Hartwell are sitting there. The sheriff starts to speak, then closes his mouth again. He indicate his empty trucks with a helpless gesture.
5) 228) dialog: (defensively, passing the buck)