1) 0) text: carrying small lumps of ore from the crusher. The belt stops. BACK TO MEN. FULL SHOT. The stillness is vast and sudden. Ramуn walks back to the massed ranks of his fellow miners. He halts beside Antoni at the end of the file. No one else moves or speaks. CLOSER ANGLE: THE MINERS' RANKS. Antonio nudges Ramуn, indicating, something o.s. Ramуn's head turns, looking off scene. One by one, the heads of t other miners turn, glancing o.s.
1) 60) text: Several pickets gape ravenously at Antonio as he bites in the tacos given him by Luz.
1) 94) dialog: (shouting)
1) 149) text: Hold it, brothers! You -- Antonio -- Alfredo -- Cente -- you come with me. The rest stay on the line. The four men set off at a run on the road paralleling the railroad tracks. CAMERA HOLDS. Esperanza comes into scene in f.g. She calls in exasperation:
1) 152) text: running, fanning out, trying to cut off the strike-breake Cente makes for the tracks. Ramуn stays on the road. Antonio and Alfredo dart up the hill. GROUP SHOT: AT SHERIFF'S CARS. The deputies have roused themselves. The Sheriff smiles, gives them a sign. Four deputies climb into a sedan and drive off.
1) 172) text: standing in a group now, watching the arrest. Luнs starts to run to his father, but Antonio holds him back. MEDIUM SHOT: AT SHERIFF'S CAR. Ramуn is thrust roughly into the back seat of the car between two deputies. The other two get in front. The driver turns the car around, raising a great cloud of dus The car speeds off. CAMERA PANS with it, holds on Esperan watching at the side of the road. Suddenly ESPERANZA winces. Her hands go to her belly, and she bends slightly as though from a severe cramp. CLOSE SHOT: ESPERANZA. Her face contorted with pain, with the realization that h labor has begun. She looks around helplessly, calls:
2) 25) text: including not only the Quintero family but also Antonio a Luz, Teresa and Charley, Ruth and Frank, Sal and Consuelo Antonio holds the baby up to the priest, who makes the si of the cross. His lips move in prayer. Ramуn peers fondly at the baby over Antonio's shoulder.
3) 8) dialog: Raise you ten thousand.
3) 10) dialog: Aces, wired. (Scooping up pile of matches)
3) 40) dialog: Now we've got that settled, deal the cards. Frank deals. Sal grins at Frank.
3) 52) dialog: Bet your hand! Ruth enters scene with coffee for the men. The other wome save Esperanza, trail in behind her. Frank is so intent o his point that he ignores Ruth's presence.
3) 63) dialog: There goes the game.
3) 65) text: Come on, Papa, on your feet. Antonio gets up and begins to dance with his wife. We mar how accurate a parody his wife made of his style. Charley dances with Teresa. Ruth folds her arms, glaring at Frank INT., KITCHEN. CLOSE TWO SHOT. Ramуn stands beside his wife, looking over her shoulder a the suckling child. The CAMERA Ah.ANGLE is such that we cannot see Juanito.
3) 104) dialog: (slapping newspaper)
3) 110) dialog: Jenkins ain't no boss. (Winking)
3) 115) dialog: (mock horror)
5) 12) text: The shot matches the earlier scene of Luz and Esperanza - but now Ramуn and Antonio are hanging out the wash. Estella and the little Morales boy are there. Ramуn sees them playing in the baskets.
5) 14) dialog: (in Spanish )
5) 21) dialog: Yeah. We hear the baby wail. Ramуn walks over to the basket, pu the nipple of the bottle back in Juanito's mouth. Then he resumes his chores. Antonio muses as he works.
5) 22) dialog: It's like Charley Vidal says -- there's two kinds of slavery, wage slavery and domestic slavery. The Woman Question, he calls it.
5) 24) dialog: Question, question -- the problem, what to do about 'em.
5) 27) dialog: He says give 'em equality. Equality in jobs, equality in the home. Also sex equality.
5) 30) dialog: You know ... (Leers, shifts into Spanish.)
5) 82) text: Seven miners are seated on stools at the bar, drinking be These are the disconsolate ones -- the defeated and the perplexed, the traditionalist hold-outs and the unwilling babysitters. An atmosphere of gloom pervades the place. Their backs are to CAMERA, but seated from left to right they are: Jenkins, Antonio, two unidentified miners (whom we have seen around the picket line), Cente Cavazos, Josй Sanchez and Ramуn. The bartender, an Anglo, is a beefy, easy-going fellow with a friendly manner. He sets fresh beers before a couple of miners, but no money changes han We see the bartender mark something on a tab at the register. CAMERA MOVES ON to the next miner, an Anglo, leaning moodily on his elbow.
5) 91) dialog: It's him! It's him! El Presidente! The President of the Company. All the miners except Ramуn get off their stools and come over, looking at the picture.
5) 92) dialog: Listen to this: (reading)
5) 93) text: "MAN OF DISTINCTION. J. Hamilton Miller, financier, Business executive, Board Chairman of Continental Factors, and president of Delaware Zinc Incorporated. An enthusiastic sportsman and expert marksman, Mr. Miller manages to find time every year for an African safari. He leaves this month for Kenya, where he hopes to bag his thirteenth lion!" There is a long silence. The men stare at the portrait -- with hatred, with despair. Antonio rips the page out of t magazine.
5) 94) dialog: I'm gonna frame this. (Turning)
5) 100) dialog: What d'you expect him to hunt -- rabbits?