0) 8) dialog: He wandered into a drift -- when this fellow was blasting. He indicates Ramуn.
0) 15) dialog: I checked the drift just before he blasted. It was all clear ... The man must have been asleep or something.
0) 17) dialog: (softly)
0) 18) text: You're a liar, Pancho. A no-good, dirty ... Ramуn lunges at him. Barton fends him off. Ramуn keeps boring in, but Sal Ruiz and Frank Barnes grab him. We hea an angry bedlam.
0) 26) text: Mr. Barton.
0) 27) dialog: (a bluff approach)
0) 28) text: All right, fellows, the excitement's over. Let's get to it. Barton starts toward the mine head. But the men do not move. Faintly we hear mutterings in Spanish from the miners' ranks.
1) 1) text: standing before the silent miners. Barton realizes that the men are not looking at him, but at something above an beyond him. Barton looks over his shoulder. Alexander slowly follows suit.
3) 215) dialog: (impatiently)
3) 218) text: All right, boys. WIDER ANGLE: THE CONVOY. Drivers and deputies climb into the cab of each truck. Barton, Vance and two other deputies get into the lead ca Vance holds up his tear gas gun.
3) 223) text: horn blowing, speeding directly at them, looming bigger, closer. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. At the last split second, Barton jams on his brakes, and the car skids. The women have not moved. CLOSE SHOT: WOMEN AND CAR. The car skids into the picket line. A woman is swiped by the front fender, flung on to the road. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. We hear a collective gasp from the women. Then they screa Two women run to their injured sister. The others swarm around the car. The deputies are trying to get the doors open. The women begin to rock the car. Finally the deputi manage to get out. They flail the women with their fists, their gun stocks. But there are four women to each deputy and they cling to the men, grabbing at their weapons. MEDIUM SHOT: THE FIRST TRUCK. The Anglo scabs standing in the back of the truck react i fear and consternation. But they stay where they are. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: MINERS ON HILLSIDE. A group of them start coming down the hill. We can see Charley and Frank gesturing, trying to restrain them -- b the miners come on. BACK TO THE PICKET POST. Vance kicks out at woman who is trying to tear off his cartridge-belt, sends her sprawling. He backs off, panic-stricken, and fires a tear gas shell into a mass of women pickets. The exploding shell disperses them momentarily. The women fan out, coughing and choking. THE PICKET POST, SHOOTING FROM HILL ABOVE. At Mrs. Salazar's command, the women form into two platoo the larger group remains on the road, blocking the convoy despite the fact that other deputies open fire with tear gas; but another line has formed at the side of the road, facing the miners bent on entering the fray. CLOSER ANGLE: THE SECOND PICKET LINE. As the miners coming down the slope reach the road, Mrs. Salazar waves them back angrily, yells in Spanish:
3) 238) text: Anyway, looks like you've got your hands full. Completely frustrated, Ramуn looks down at the tiny bundl in his arms. Then he looks off at: THE PICKET POST: LONG SHOT FROM RAMУN'S ANGLE. We can see Barton calling his men off. He jumps in the ca turns it around. Several deputies climb aboard as he driv off. The others retreat on foot, leaving the two abandone trucks. The women re-form their lines, and begin to sing "The Union Is Our Leader."
3) 283) text: where a small army of scabs and deputies is gathered. The scabs stand sheepishly beside the trucks. The Sheriff, Barton, and several deputies are gazing off at the picket line. They are no longer amused. The superintendent's Cadillac enters scene, coming up the road. It rolls to a stop near the Sheriff's party. CLOSE GROUP SHOT: AT CAR.
3) 292) text: Barton -- where's that boy?
3) 293) dialog: (waves, shouts)