0) 32) dialog: No savvy.
1) 12) text: as seen from the entrance. A hundred miners are packed densely on the center block of benches, facing the union officers in b.g. Sal Ruiz is presiding; Frank Barnes sits at the table beside him. Charley Vidal stands near the chairman, delivering an impassioned speech.
1) 13) dialog: We have many complaints, brothers, and many demands. But they all add up to one word: Equality! Over sound track we hear the Spanish of Charley's speech, but it is modulated to:
1) 16) dialog: To all this, brothers, there is only one answer, the solidarity of working men! He sits down to loud applause which comes up over sound track. Sal Ruiz rises, bangs his gavel. GROUP SHOT: THE WOMEN. Ruth and Teresa nudge Consuelo, trying to get her to rise -- but Consuelo, frightened, clings to her sleeping infan Ruth grabs the baby and Teresa practically pushes Consuel to her feet. WIDER ANGLE, SHOOTING PAST SAL, INCLUDING WOMEN. Charley Vidal plucks at Sal's sleeve, points in the direction of the women.
1) 33) dialog: But, Teresa, you can't push these things too fast.
1) 50) text: Charley Vidal and another miner stand in the back of a pick-up, distributing rations to Esperanza and Luz Morale The small sacks contain beans, corn meal, coffee, etc.
2) 25) text: including not only the Quintero family but also Antonio a Luz, Teresa and Charley, Ruth and Frank, Sal and Consuelo Antonio holds the baby up to the priest, who makes the si of the cross. His lips move in prayer. Ramуn peers fondly at the baby over Antonio's shoulder.
3) 5) dialog: (throwing in matches)
3) 9) dialog: You dog. All right, let's see them.
3) 11) text: Come to papa. While Charley gathers the cards and shuffles, Frank turns Ramуn.
3) 37) dialog: (softening the blow)
3) 65) text: Come on, Papa, on your feet. Antonio gets up and begins to dance with his wife. We mar how accurate a parody his wife made of his style. Charley dances with Teresa. Ruth folds her arms, glaring at Frank INT., KITCHEN. CLOSE TWO SHOT. Ramуn stands beside his wife, looking over her shoulder a the suckling child. The CAMERA Ah.ANGLE is such that we cannot see Juanito.
3) 144) dialog: I so move!
3) 153) dialog: Will the bosses win now because we have no unity between the men and their wives and sisters? ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING A MINER AND HIS WIFE. A husky miner named Josй Sбnchez can be seen goading his wife to speak. The frightened woman finally obeys.
3) 223) text: horn blowing, speeding directly at them, looming bigger, closer. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. At the last split second, Barton jams on his brakes, and the car skids. The women have not moved. CLOSE SHOT: WOMEN AND CAR. The car skids into the picket line. A woman is swiped by the front fender, flung on to the road. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. We hear a collective gasp from the women. Then they screa Two women run to their injured sister. The others swarm around the car. The deputies are trying to get the doors open. The women begin to rock the car. Finally the deputi manage to get out. They flail the women with their fists, their gun stocks. But there are four women to each deputy and they cling to the men, grabbing at their weapons. MEDIUM SHOT: THE FIRST TRUCK. The Anglo scabs standing in the back of the truck react i fear and consternation. But they stay where they are. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: MINERS ON HILLSIDE. A group of them start coming down the hill. We can see Charley and Frank gesturing, trying to restrain them -- b the miners come on. BACK TO THE PICKET POST. Vance kicks out at woman who is trying to tear off his cartridge-belt, sends her sprawling. He backs off, panic-stricken, and fires a tear gas shell into a mass of women pickets. The exploding shell disperses them momentarily. The women fan out, coughing and choking. THE PICKET POST, SHOOTING FROM HILL ABOVE. At Mrs. Salazar's command, the women form into two platoo the larger group remains on the road, blocking the convoy despite the fact that other deputies open fire with tear gas; but another line has formed at the side of the road, facing the miners bent on entering the fray. CLOSER ANGLE: THE SECOND PICKET LINE. As the miners coming down the slope reach the road, Mrs. Salazar waves them back angrily, yells in Spanish:
3) 233) dialog: (looking o.s.)
3) 236) dialog: They're doing all right.
3) 248) text: I don't want you hanging around there, hear? We hear the sound of a chugging truck outside. Ramуn goes to the window, peers out. EXT., ROAD OUTSIDE QUINTERO COTTAGE. MEDIUM SHOT. The union pick-up, full of women, stops at the gate. Esperanza and Luz sit beside Charley in the cab. They get out. All the women are laughing and smiling.
5) 149) text: Charley Vidal says! (He rises, flinging rifle aside.)
5) 150) text: Don't throw Charley Vidal up to me!
5) 179) dialog: Esperanza! Where's Ramуn?
5) 183) dialog: (as Esperanza nods)
5) 189) text: Charley, tell us.
5) 190) dialog: (reluctantly)