1) 18) dialog: (haltingly)
1) 22) dialog: The ladies have been talking about sanitation ... and we were thinking ... if the issue is equality, like you say it is, then maybe we ought to have equality in plumbing too ... CLOSE GROUP SHOT: MINERS. Some appear resentful of the women's intrusion; others se amused. Antonio whispers something to Alfredo. Alfredo laughs. Frowning, Ramуn looks around at Esperanza, as he might look at a woman who entered church uncovered.
2) 25) text: including not only the Quintero family but also Antonio a Luz, Teresa and Charley, Ruth and Frank, Sal and Consuelo Antonio holds the baby up to the priest, who makes the si of the cross. His lips move in prayer. Ramуn peers fondly at the baby over Antonio's shoulder.
3) 0) text: The same men are seated around the parlor table, playing poker. From the phonograph we hear Mexican dance music. Consuelo bustles in with coffee for the men.
3) 42) dialog: What are they talking about in there?
3) 316) text: Go to Papa. You stay with Papa, hear? Head high, carrying the baby, Esperanza walks off toward the waiting trucks. The little girl watches her go, beref perplexed. EXT., HILLSIDE. CLOSE SHOT: RAMУN. He comes to his feet, tense with anxiety. EXT., PICKET LINE. LONG PANNING SHOT FROM HIS ANGLE. Suddenly Estella breaks away from the picket line and run after her mother. Esperanza is climbing into the back of the second truck, which is now full. Estella jumps onto t tailgate and a woman pulls her up. We hear motors startin The trucks pull off slowly. At the same instant we hear Teresa's clear voice, singing "Solidarity Forever." The other women join her. The chorus swells. CAMERA HOLDS on the receding trucks, and the singing fades. Now the CAMER PANS SLOWLY BACK to the picket line. There are only a handful of women remaining. But from somewhere we hear th song again. CAMERA PANS ON, HOLDS on a view of the wooded hillside. Suddenly we see twenty or more women coming dow the slope with Consuelo Ruiz in the lead. They are singin these reserves, coming to replenish the gaps in the line.
5) 63) text: No, no ... the Sheriff had enough of us. We drove him crazy. She goes out. INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT. Esperanza opens the front door, admitting three women: Teresa, Ruth and Consuelo. They enter beaming, excited.
5) 78) dialog: It's time he was house broken. Maybe if a delegation of us talked to him ...
5) 217) text: You want 'em in your lock-up again? The Sheriff stalks off, fuming. EXT., ROAD AND YARD. FULL SHOT. More women keep arriving all the time. Several small fry, imitating their mothers, run into the yard, pick up lamps pots, pans, etc., and return them to the house. A SIDE ROAD. MEDIUM LONG SHOT. Two cars pull up and stop near the convoy. Consuelo Ruiz six other women get out, approach the cottage. THE YARD. FULL SHOT. From off scene we hear the blast of an automobile horn, while from the middle of the yard the sheriff bellows at his men: