1) 35) text: You were pushing all right -- pushing us right back in our place. ESPERANZA AND RAMУN, NEAR DOORWAY. Esperanza is holding Estella, who is asleep again. Ramуn at the rear of a group of miners filing out of the hall. two of the miners pass Camera, we hear one say to the oth
1) 50) text: Charley Vidal and another miner stand in the back of a pick-up, distributing rations to Esperanza and Luz Morale The small sacks contain beans, corn meal, coffee, etc.
1) 63) text: and another day. A number of miners have turned carpenter erecting a shack of scrap lumber and galvanized tin close by the picket line. Several women have set up a table outside the unfinished shack on which we see a pot of beans, a coffee pot, etc. Esperanza is not among them.
1) 137) dialog: (smiles again)
1) 149) text: Hold it, brothers! You -- Antonio -- Alfredo -- Cente -- you come with me. The rest stay on the line. The four men set off at a run on the road paralleling the railroad tracks. CAMERA HOLDS. Esperanza comes into scene in f.g. She calls in exasperation:
1) 150) dialog: Luнs! Luнs! Come back here! Esperanza walks on, passing through the picket line.
1) 172) text: standing in a group now, watching the arrest. Luнs starts to run to his father, but Antonio holds him back. MEDIUM SHOT: AT SHERIFF'S CAR. Ramуn is thrust roughly into the back seat of the car between two deputies. The other two get in front. The driver turns the car around, raising a great cloud of dus The car speeds off. CAMERA PANS with it, holds on Esperan watching at the side of the road. Suddenly ESPERANZA winces. Her hands go to her belly, and she bends slightly as though from a severe cramp. CLOSE SHOT: ESPERANZA. Her face contorted with pain, with the realization that h labor has begun. She looks around helplessly, calls:
1) 173) dialog: Luнs! Luнs! The baby ...
1) 182) text: Now you know that ain't no way to talk to a white man. EXT., ROAD, NEAR PICKET POST. MEDIUM LONG SHOT. We can see Mrs. Salazar and several other women running t meet Esperanza. A couple of pickets follow along. Mrs. Salazar shouts back at them in Spanish:
2) 14) dialog: God forgive me ... wishing ... this child would never be born. BACK TO RAMУN. Kimbrough holds up Ramуn's head while Vance punches him methodically. Ramуn gasps in Spanish:
2) 16) dialog: (in Spanish)
2) 20) text: Oh, my God ... Esperanza ... Esperanza ... Ramуn's voice carries over to: CLOSE UP: ESPERANZA.
2) 21) dialog: Ramуn ... A contraction seizes her and she screams, her scream carrying over. CLOSE UP: RAMУN. Now the two images merge, and undulate, and blur, as with receding consciousness. And then darkness on the screen. We hear the feeble wail of a new-born infant.
3) 61) text: Hey, Esperanza!
3) 69) dialog: He was born fighting. And born hungry.
3) 71) dialog: He'll have it good. Some day. For a moment they say nothing, watching the baby. Then, with a sidelong worried glance:
3) 72) dialog: What were they saying? About you? In there?
3) 74) dialog: (shrugs)
3) 77) text: I'd lie on my cot in the cell and I couldn't sleep with the bugs and the stink and the heat. And I'd say to myself, think of something nice. Something beautiful. And then I'd think of you. And my heart would pound against the cot for love of you. Esperanza is deeply moved, but she does not show him her face. Ramуn's face becomes tense with determination.
3) 79) text: Not just Juanito. You'll have it good too, Esperanza. We're going to win this strike.
3) 80) dialog: What makes you so sure?
3) 83) text: ... something bigger. Hope. Hope for our kids. Juanito can't grow strong on milk alone. His words are shattered by a loud knock at the front door Ramуn turns, listening. We hear the door open and voices indistinctly. CAMERA HOLDS On Ramуn and Esperanza.
3) 89) dialog: Let them take it!
3) 91) dialog: I don't want your dead body. I don't want you back in jail either.
3) 93) dialog: (savagely, in Spanish)
3) 94) text: Can't you see they want to start a fight so that they can lock you all up at one time? Slowly, Ramуn goes lax, and Esperanza relaxes her hold on him. The deputies pick up the heavy console, lug it towar the front door. The Quinteros' guests are glum and silent The deputies leave, closing the door behind them.
3) 160) text: Brother Chairman! A point of order! WIDER ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD TERESA AND ESPERANZA. Teresa nudges Esperanza. She rises shyly. It seems that Esperanza's stage fright will leave her mute -- but at la she finds her voice:
3) 161) dialog: I don't know anything ... about these questions of parliament. But you men are voting on something the women are to do, or not to do. So I think it's only fair the women be allowed to vote -- especially if they have to do the job. We hear cries of approval from the women's section, intermingled with shouted objections from some men. GROUP SHOT: AT CHAIRMAN'S TABLE. Sal has to make a ruling, but he seems undecided. He glances at Charley. Charley winks, nods. He glances at Frank. Frank grins and nods. He clears his throat.
3) 184) text: standing apart from the others, near a clump of juniper. Luнs stands beside his father, whose uneasy frown is directed at the picket line. Estella stands beside her mother, who holds the baby Juanito in her arms. Esperanza keeps gazing at the picket line off scene, never at Ramуn
3) 185) dialog: It's not fair ... I should be there with them. After all, I'm the one who got the women the vote.
3) 188) dialog: But the motion passed. It's ... it's not democratic of you to ...
3) 192) dialog: (squinting, peering)
3) 195) dialog: NO, she wants to be there. (Looking off)
3) 199) dialog: (quietly)
3) 202) dialog: Backward. He glances quizzically at her. She keeps staring at: THE PICKET LINE FROM THEIR ANGLE.
3) 206) dialog: The baby likes to be walked. It helps him burp. Ramуn shakes his head. He looks off at: THE SHERIFF'S CONVOY. LONG SHOT. Some fifty paces beyond the picket line we can see two open trucks and two sheriff's cars. The trucks are loaded with men. EXT., SHERIFF'S CAR. MEDIUM SHOT. Superintendent Alexander, Chief Foreman Barton, the Sheri and the deputy Vance are standing beside the car. Alexander is in a petulant mood, but the Sheriff and Vanc seem amused by the situation. Three pretty Mexican-Americ girls pass by on their way to the picket line. Vance whistles at them. As they move out of the scene Vance calls:
3) 229) text: staring at the action. Esperanza can't stand it any longe She hands the baby to Ramуn and is gone before he realize her intent.
3) 248) text: I don't want you hanging around there, hear? We hear the sound of a chugging truck outside. Ramуn goes to the window, peers out. EXT., ROAD OUTSIDE QUINTERO COTTAGE. MEDIUM SHOT. The union pick-up, full of women, stops at the gate. Esperanza and Luz sit beside Charley in the cab. They get out. All the women are laughing and smiling.
3) 249) text: as Esperanza enters. She is dirty, bedraggled, and bone-tired -- but there is a new light in her eyes, and when she smiles she grins.
3) 252) dialog: Sure. She kisses him lightly on the cheek, kisses Estella and Luнs, crosses immediately to the crib, glances at Juanito and enters the kitchen. CAMERA PANS with her. Ramуn follo slowly, halts in the kitchen doorway.
3) 254) dialog: (from kitchen)
3) 257) dialog: (from kitchen)
3) 261) dialog: (simply)
3) 262) text: I've had them since the day they were born. She exits to the kitchen. Ramуn trails after her. INT., KITCHEN. MEDIUM SHOT. Esperanza works swiftly, putting pots and pans on the stove, preparing supper, etc. Ramуn continues to scowl at her.
3) 264) dialog: (calmly)
3) 295) text: as they approach the line. The women keep on marching. Esperanza is among them, carrying the baby.
3) 307) text: the women are plucked off the line, one by one. They do n resist. We call see Esperanza still marching. She seems t clutch the baby more tightly to her. Estella tags along beside her mother. REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD TRUCKS. The back of one truck is already filled with women, and t other is filling rapidly. TWO SHOT: SHERIFF AND SEBASTIAN.
3) 312) text: She's Ramуn Quintero's wife. He don't like her being here at all. The Sheriff hesitates a moment, his eyes narrowed in thought, then gives Vance the nod. Vance approaches the line. MEDIUM SHOT: AT PICKET LINE. Vance plucks at Esperanza's sleeve. She stops for a secon frightened, wavering. The women remaining on the line cal out to her:
3) 314) text: We'll take the baby, Esperanza ... Don't worry about Juanito ... We'll keep Estella too ... Vance pulls at her arm again. Esperanza stiffens with a sudden fierceness.
3) 315) dialog: No. The baby stays with me. (She stoops down to Estella.)
3) 316) text: Go to Papa. You stay with Papa, hear? Head high, carrying the baby, Esperanza walks off toward the waiting trucks. The little girl watches her go, beref perplexed. EXT., HILLSIDE. CLOSE SHOT: RAMУN. He comes to his feet, tense with anxiety. EXT., PICKET LINE. LONG PANNING SHOT FROM HIS ANGLE. Suddenly Estella breaks away from the picket line and run after her mother. Esperanza is climbing into the back of the second truck, which is now full. Estella jumps onto t tailgate and a woman pulls her up. We hear motors startin The trucks pull off slowly. At the same instant we hear Teresa's clear voice, singing "Solidarity Forever." The other women join her. The chorus swells. CAMERA HOLDS on the receding trucks, and the singing fades. Now the CAMER PANS SLOWLY BACK to the picket line. There are only a handful of women remaining. But from somewhere we hear th song again. CAMERA PANS ON, HOLDS on a view of the wooded hillside. Suddenly we see twenty or more women coming dow the slope with Consuelo Ruiz in the lead. They are singin these reserves, coming to replenish the gaps in the line.
4) 4) text: I've told you ten times. We don't have no food. We don't have no beds. We don't have no baths. So please -- please -- shut up! Vance grins at Luz Morales, whose face can be seen behind the bars in close foreground. He reaches out, chucks her under the chin. Luz scratches at his hand, and he withdra it. The chant is resumed. INT., REAR OF CELL. CLOSE GROUP SHOT. The one cot in the cell is occupied by Estella and the infant Juanito. Juanito is crying. Esperanza hovers worriedly over him, trying to get him a take a nippled bottle, which he rejects.
4) 5) dialog: (to Teresa)
5) 12) text: The shot matches the earlier scene of Luz and Esperanza - but now Ramуn and Antonio are hanging out the wash. Estella and the little Morales boy are there. Ramуn sees them playing in the baskets.
5) 50) dialog: I'm okay. But it's nice to be home.
5) 52) dialog: We raised such a fuss they finally brought cots in. She laughs; her hand goes to her throat.
5) 53) dialog: I nearly lost my voice, yelling so much. (Suddenly)
5) 56) text: They're asleep. INT., BEDROOM. MEDIUM SHOT. The bedroom is dark. Esperanza and Ramуn are only moving shadows. Dimly we see her hovering over the crib. Ramуn whispers.
5) 58) dialog: (a whisper)
5) 62) dialog: (whispering)
5) 63) text: No, no ... the Sheriff had enough of us. We drove him crazy. She goes out. INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT. Esperanza opens the front door, admitting three women: Teresa, Ruth and Consuelo. They enter beaming, excited.
5) 65) dialog: (ushering them in)
5) 66) text: Good. Come in, we'll work it out. Sit down, sit down. The three women sit down on the couch. Esperanza crosses the dining table to get a chair for herself. Ramуn is standing there. TWO SHOT: RAMУN AND ESPERANZA. He is the stern patriarch now. As she reaches for the cha he says, sotto voce:
5) 68) dialog: All right, but later. I've got a meeting now.
5) 71) dialog: Yes. To plan for the picket line tomorrow. She walks off with her chair. CAMERA HOLDS on Ramуn. He i fuming. We hear:
5) 76) dialog: But we can ask them to keep our kids, so the rest of us can ... Ramуn exits, slamming the door loudly behind him. The wom react with a what's-eating-him look. Teresa turns sympathetically to Esperanza.
5) 79) dialog: (deeply upset)
5) 107) text: dimly lit by one small lamp. Esperanza appears to be asle Ramуn enters, crosses to the bed and sits down a heavily. He begins to remove his shoes. CAMERA MOVES IN. Esperanza eyes come open, in the way of one who has been wide awake Without moving she says in quiet reproach:
5) 108) dialog: I waited up till midnight.
5) 111) dialog: That meeting only lasted ten minutes. (A pause. Then quietly)
5) 115) dialog: But you wanted to talk. Tell me. He rises suddenly and goes out. Esperanza slips out of be flings on a dressing gown. INT., KITCHEN. MEDIUM SHOT, NIGHT. Ramуn has a cup and is pouring coffee from the pot on the stove. Esperanza enters scene, stands in the doorway.
5) 116) dialog: Tell me.
5) 119) dialog: (softly)
5) 122) dialog: Where are you going?
5) 124) dialog: When?
5) 126) dialog: Alone?
5) 128) dialog: (after a pause)
5) 131) dialog: But you are needed. Especially now -- with most of the other men away. You're captain of the stand-by squad.
5) 134) dialog: Whose funeral? We're doing all right. There hasn't been a scab near the picket line for three days.
5) 136) dialog: It's a lot to them. They'd do anything to open that mine.
5) 139) dialog: You mean you're ready to give up?
5) 142) dialog: You want to go down fighting, is that it? (He shrugs.)
5) 144) dialog: Ramуn were not getting weaker. We're stronger than ever before. (He snorts with disgust.)
5) 147) dialog: I don't know. But I can feel it coming. It's like ... like a lull before the storm. Charley Vidal says ...
5) 151) dialog: Charley's my friend. I need friends. (She looks at him strangely.)
5) 154) dialog: No, you don't. Have you learned nothing from this strike? Why are you afraid to have me at your side? Do you still think you can have dignity only if I have none?
5) 156) dialog: Yes. I talk of dignity. The Anglo bosses look down on you, and you hate them for it. "Stay in your place, you dirty Mexican" -- that's what they tell you. But why must you say to me, "Stay in your place." Do you feel better having someone lower than you?
5) 158) dialog: Whose neck shall I stand on, to make me feel superior? And what will I get out of it? I don't want anything lower than I am. I'm low enough already. I want to rise. And push everything up with me as I go ...
5) 161) dialog: (shouting)
5) 162) text: And if you can't understand this you're a fool -- because you can't win this strike without me! You can't win anything without me! He seizes her shoulder with one hand, half raises the oth to slap her. Esperanza's body goes rigid. She stares straight at him, defiant and unflinching. Ramуn drops his hand.
5) 163) dialog: That would be the old way. Never try it on me again -- never. She crosses to the doorway, then turns back.
5) 164) dialog: I am going to bed now. Sleep where you please -- but not with me. She goes out.
5) 167) text: Dispirited and shivering, the women march, hunched agains the wind. Near the coffee shack is an oil drum in which a wood fire is burning. Teresa, the picket captain, walks toward Esperanza. Teresa closely watches Esperanza's dejected face. TWO SHOT: AT OIL DRUM. The two women warm their hands over the fire. Theresa mus
5) 169) dialog: With Ramуn it's ... pride. I spoke out of the bitterness in me. And he was hurt. Esperanza stares at the fire. Teresa looks at her with de sympathy.
5) 172) text: A vista of wild and lonely beauty. A cold wind rustles th junipers and pine of a steep boulder-strewn arroyo. The deer hunters can be seen walking up a narrow trail in single file. They are bunched together, save for Ramуn, w lags behind. MEDIUM PANNING. SHOT, FEATURING RAMУN. He walks slowly up the trail into f.g., brooding. As he walks he hears Esperanza's voice of the preceding night, hauntingly.
5) 180) dialog: (dully)
5) 185) dialog: No. During this exchange several women have left the picket line and come over.
5) 196) text: The sheriff's convoy is drawn up outside a row of company houses. We can see deputies milling about in the front ya of one of the cottages, and a cluster of women watching them from outside the fence. EXT., COTTAGE: CLOSER ANGLE. It is the Quintero place. The Sheriff stands in the front yard, directing operations. His deputies are lugging furniture out of the house. They dump it in the yard or a the side of the road. Several of them emerge from the fro door with the Quinteros' bed. Esperanza, Luz and a dozen other women silently watch the eviction from outside the fence. Mrs. Salazar is there with a bevy of kids (includi Juanito whom she holds in her arms). The only man present is the parish priest. EXT., MAIN ROAD, ZINC TOWN. LONG PANNING SHOT. We pick up Jenkins' car loaded with the stand-by squad roaring toward the housing area. The car passes the store the church, the school. As the car comes into f.g., and moves on out of scene, CAMERA HOLDS on the school playground. In the distance we see Luнs beckoning to a number of his companions. The boys set off at a run up th road.
5) 197) text: featuring Esperanza and Luz.
5) 201) text: watching the deputies as Ramуn comes to Esperanza's side. She sees him. Her face lights up. Ramуn's eyes meet hers for a moment. He is unsmiling. Then he looks away at:
5) 207) dialog: (anxious, puzzled)
5) 210) text: Now we can all fight together -- all of us. Suddenly he draws Esperanza close, whispers something in her ear. She nods, turns swiftly to several other women, huddles with them a moment. CAMERA PANS with the women as they enter the yard, swooping down to pick up household belongings on their wa EXT., FRONT YARD. FULL SHOT. Other women, seeing what Esperanza and her sisters are up to, swiftly join them in the yard, begin to pick up furniture and carry it back into the house by way of the rear door. Deputies emerging from the house, loaded down with furniture and bric-a-brac, find themselves passing women loaded with objects they have just deposited in the yard. One of the deputies stops in close f.g., staring at the women in slack-jawed bafflement. Ramуn glances at Mrs Salazar. He winks. Mrs. Salazar smiles. It is the first time we have seen her smile. BACK TO YARD, FEATURING SHERIFF. His deputies are hopelessly dispersed. Half of them are chasing the boys, while the furniture-moving contingent i out-numbered by women crowding into the yard. The Sheriff wheels right and left in helpless exasperation. He spots Ramуn near the front fence, strides over to him.
5) 222) text: Ramуn, Esperanza and other women and children re-emerge from the house, stop on the porch in a compact mass. Faci them outside the gate are forty miners. The deputies are between. They stir nervously, glancing from side to side. No one says anything. A heavy stillness falls over the ya Now we see other women and children closing in at the sid fence: then Luнs and a half-dozen other boys appear at th opposite fence. The Sheriff is in dead center of this sho Without realizing it he makes a full turn of 360, looking at his adversaries. HIS ANGLE. SLOW PANNING SHOT. The Sheriff's forces are completely surrounded by over a hundred men, women and children. Appearing on the surrounding hills, on every side, are other miners, other women, other kids -- massed, impassive.
5) 231) text: For the present. BACK TO QUINTERO YARD. FULL SHOT. Part of the milling throng has already dispersed; those w remain are carrying the last of the Quinteros' possession back into the house. We see Luнs jump the fence and run toward his mother in f.g. She gives him a fierce hug. MEDIUM SHOTS AT FRONT GATE. Ramуn approaches Mrs. Salazar. He takes the baby from her arms. Estella enters the gate, dragging the portrait of Juбrez. Solemnly she lifts up the portrait. Ramуn takes it. He walks back toward the porch, Estella at his side. THE YARD, SWOOPING FROM THE PORCH. Esperanza and Luнs stand on the porch steps in f.g. Reaching them, Ramуn turns, looks back at his friends, some of whom are still in the yard. They seem to be waiting for him to speak.
5) 234) text: Thanks ... sisters... and brothers. The people smile softly. A few of them lift their hands i a wave of acknowledgment. They begin to leave. CLOSE UP SHOT: THE QUINTERO FAMILY ON PORCH. Ramуn holds the baby in the crook of his arm. He hands th portrait of Juбrez to Luнs. The boy gazes at it with respect, wipes the dust off it, and readjusts the torn frame. Ramуn heaves a long sigh. Unsmiling, he looks off the receding convoy. Esperanza watches him. There is a pause. Still not looking at her, Ramуn says haltingly: