1) 35) text: You were pushing all right -- pushing us right back in our place. ESPERANZA AND RAMУN, NEAR DOORWAY. Esperanza is holding Estella, who is asleep again. Ramуn at the rear of a group of miners filing out of the hall. two of the miners pass Camera, we hear one say to the oth
1) 68) text: Standing in the doorway, her pregnancy is more evident th ever. But her face is alight with one of her rare smiles she pours a cup of coffee and hands it to Ramуn. Estella can be seen peeking out from behind her mother's skirt.
1) 138) text: It's nothing. Just a little catch ... She takes Estella by the hand and starts to walk down the road toward the Sheriff's cars. Ramуn escorts her. CAMERA PANS with them. Suddenly we hear from very far off a boy' voice calling:
3) 127) text: standing behind a desk, sealing envelopes. The infant Juanito lies on an improvised pallet beside her, hemmed i by piles of leaflets. Estella is licking stamps.
3) 184) text: standing apart from the others, near a clump of juniper. Luнs stands beside his father, whose uneasy frown is directed at the picket line. Estella stands beside her mother, who holds the baby Juanito in her arms. Esperanza keeps gazing at the picket line off scene, never at Ramуn
3) 240) text: Ramуn paces the floor fretfully, puffing on a cigarette. The baby crib is in a corner, and Juanito is wailing. Estella tries to match her father's caged-lion stride.
3) 241) dialog: Papa, I'm hungry.
3) 307) text: the women are plucked off the line, one by one. They do n resist. We call see Esperanza still marching. She seems t clutch the baby more tightly to her. Estella tags along beside her mother. REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD TRUCKS. The back of one truck is already filled with women, and t other is filling rapidly. TWO SHOT: SHERIFF AND SEBASTIAN.
3) 314) text: We'll take the baby, Esperanza ... Don't worry about Juanito ... We'll keep Estella too ... Vance pulls at her arm again. Esperanza stiffens with a sudden fierceness.
3) 316) text: Go to Papa. You stay with Papa, hear? Head high, carrying the baby, Esperanza walks off toward the waiting trucks. The little girl watches her go, beref perplexed. EXT., HILLSIDE. CLOSE SHOT: RAMУN. He comes to his feet, tense with anxiety. EXT., PICKET LINE. LONG PANNING SHOT FROM HIS ANGLE. Suddenly Estella breaks away from the picket line and run after her mother. Esperanza is climbing into the back of the second truck, which is now full. Estella jumps onto t tailgate and a woman pulls her up. We hear motors startin The trucks pull off slowly. At the same instant we hear Teresa's clear voice, singing "Solidarity Forever." The other women join her. The chorus swells. CAMERA HOLDS on the receding trucks, and the singing fades. Now the CAMER PANS SLOWLY BACK to the picket line. There are only a handful of women remaining. But from somewhere we hear th song again. CAMERA PANS ON, HOLDS on a view of the wooded hillside. Suddenly we see twenty or more women coming dow the slope with Consuelo Ruiz in the lead. They are singin these reserves, coming to replenish the gaps in the line.
4) 4) text: I've told you ten times. We don't have no food. We don't have no beds. We don't have no baths. So please -- please -- shut up! Vance grins at Luz Morales, whose face can be seen behind the bars in close foreground. He reaches out, chucks her under the chin. Luz scratches at his hand, and he withdra it. The chant is resumed. INT., REAR OF CELL. CLOSE GROUP SHOT. The one cot in the cell is occupied by Estella and the infant Juanito. Juanito is crying. Esperanza hovers worriedly over him, trying to get him a take a nippled bottle, which he rejects.
5) 12) text: The shot matches the earlier scene of Luz and Esperanza - but now Ramуn and Antonio are hanging out the wash. Estella and the little Morales boy are there. Ramуn sees them playing in the baskets.
5) 231) text: For the present. BACK TO QUINTERO YARD. FULL SHOT. Part of the milling throng has already dispersed; those w remain are carrying the last of the Quinteros' possession back into the house. We see Luнs jump the fence and run toward his mother in f.g. She gives him a fierce hug. MEDIUM SHOTS AT FRONT GATE. Ramуn approaches Mrs. Salazar. He takes the baby from her arms. Estella enters the gate, dragging the portrait of Juбrez. Solemnly she lifts up the portrait. Ramуn takes it. He walks back toward the porch, Estella at his side. THE YARD, SWOOPING FROM THE PORCH. Esperanza and Luнs stand on the porch steps in f.g. Reaching them, Ramуn turns, looks back at his friends, some of whom are still in the yard. They seem to be waiting for him to speak.