0) 18) text: You're a liar, Pancho. A no-good, dirty ... Ramуn lunges at him. Barton fends him off. Ramуn keeps boring in, but Sal Ruiz and Frank Barnes grab him. We hea an angry bedlam.
0) 35) dialog: (grinning)
1) 12) text: as seen from the entrance. A hundred miners are packed densely on the center block of benches, facing the union officers in b.g. Sal Ruiz is presiding; Frank Barnes sits at the table beside him. Charley Vidal stands near the chairman, delivering an impassioned speech.
1) 31) dialog: But honey ...
2) 25) text: including not only the Quintero family but also Antonio a Luz, Teresa and Charley, Ruth and Frank, Sal and Consuelo Antonio holds the baby up to the priest, who makes the si of the cross. His lips move in prayer. Ramуn peers fondly at the baby over Antonio's shoulder.
3) 7) dialog: Beats.
3) 11) text: Come to papa. While Charley gathers the cards and shuffles, Frank turns Ramуn.
3) 13) dialog: Yeah. Lots of provocation lately. They figure if they can lock up the leadership on some phony riot charge, maybe they can bust the strike.
3) 29) dialog: Go on. Spill it.
3) 32) dialog: (defensively)
3) 39) dialog: No. He's right. I've got a lot to learn.
3) 50) dialog: (earnestly to Ramуn)
3) 53) dialog: We can't think of them just as housewives -- but as allies. And we've got to treat them as such.
3) 56) dialog: Aw, cut it out, Ruth.
3) 65) text: Come on, Papa, on your feet. Antonio gets up and begins to dance with his wife. We mar how accurate a parody his wife made of his style. Charley dances with Teresa. Ruth folds her arms, glaring at Frank INT., KITCHEN. CLOSE TWO SHOT. Ramуn stands beside his wife, looking over her shoulder a the suckling child. The CAMERA Ah.ANGLE is such that we cannot see Juanito.
3) 133) text: The hall is packed. The striking miners, as usual, occupy the center bloc of seats. But this time there are almost many women as men in the hall. They sit with their children in the rear or on benches against the side walls CAMERA HOLDS on Frank Barnes,standing at the front of the hall, addressing the miners.
3) 134) dialog: (as Esperanza's voice fades)
3) 135) text: If we obey the court, the strike will be lost ... the scabs would move in as soon as the pickets disappear. If we defy the court, the pickets will be arrested and the strike will be lost anyway. CLOSER ANGLE, FEATURING FRANK.
3) 136) dialog: So there it is brothers. The bosses have us coming and going. I just want to say this -- no matter which way you decide, the International will back you up -- as it's always backed you up. This is a democratic union. The decision's up to you. REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING PAST FRANK AT MINERS. We hear a rumble of dissatisfaction as Frank sits down. There is no applause. Heads huddling, the miners grapple with the dilemma. Ramуn rises angrily.
3) 223) text: horn blowing, speeding directly at them, looming bigger, closer. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. At the last split second, Barton jams on his brakes, and the car skids. The women have not moved. CLOSE SHOT: WOMEN AND CAR. The car skids into the picket line. A woman is swiped by the front fender, flung on to the road. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. We hear a collective gasp from the women. Then they screa Two women run to their injured sister. The others swarm around the car. The deputies are trying to get the doors open. The women begin to rock the car. Finally the deputi manage to get out. They flail the women with their fists, their gun stocks. But there are four women to each deputy and they cling to the men, grabbing at their weapons. MEDIUM SHOT: THE FIRST TRUCK. The Anglo scabs standing in the back of the truck react i fear and consternation. But they stay where they are. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: MINERS ON HILLSIDE. A group of them start coming down the hill. We can see Charley and Frank gesturing, trying to restrain them -- b the miners come on. BACK TO THE PICKET POST. Vance kicks out at woman who is trying to tear off his cartridge-belt, sends her sprawling. He backs off, panic-stricken, and fires a tear gas shell into a mass of women pickets. The exploding shell disperses them momentarily. The women fan out, coughing and choking. THE PICKET POST, SHOOTING FROM HILL ABOVE. At Mrs. Salazar's command, the women form into two platoo the larger group remains on the road, blocking the convoy despite the fact that other deputies open fire with tear gas; but another line has formed at the side of the road, facing the miners bent on entering the fray. CLOSER ANGLE: THE SECOND PICKET LINE. As the miners coming down the slope reach the road, Mrs. Salazar waves them back angrily, yells in Spanish:
3) 237) dialog: (grins, looks at baby)