1) 72) dialog: (entering scene, grinning)
1) 73) text: Hey, Ramуn -- listen to this. The chief foreman come to me last night, said he'd make me shift foreman if I'd start a back-to-work movement. "Jenkins," he says, "why string along with them tamale eaters?" I just told him I come to like tamales fine. The men laugh, Ramуn smiles, but the look he gives Jenkin is tinged with speculative suspicion. Just then a patrol of three miners led by Alfredo Diaz enters scene from the hillslope. Alfredo reports to Ramуn. He is breathing hard
3) 111) text: Mean we're gonna let people like Jenkins stay here?
3) 113) dialog: (grinning)
3) 116) text: Oh no. That's even worse. They all start laughing, pummeling Jenkins as they march.
3) 198) text: There's Jenkins' wife. You don't see her on no picket line.
5) 82) text: Seven miners are seated on stools at the bar, drinking be These are the disconsolate ones -- the defeated and the perplexed, the traditionalist hold-outs and the unwilling babysitters. An atmosphere of gloom pervades the place. Their backs are to CAMERA, but seated from left to right they are: Jenkins, Antonio, two unidentified miners (whom we have seen around the picket line), Cente Cavazos, Josй Sanchez and Ramуn. The bartender, an Anglo, is a beefy, easy-going fellow with a friendly manner. He sets fresh beers before a couple of miners, but no money changes han We see the bartender mark something on a tab at the register. CAMERA MOVES ON to the next miner, an Anglo, leaning moodily on his elbow.
5) 98) dialog: (staring into space)
5) 196) text: The sheriff's convoy is drawn up outside a row of company houses. We can see deputies milling about in the front ya of one of the cottages, and a cluster of women watching them from outside the fence. EXT., COTTAGE: CLOSER ANGLE. It is the Quintero place. The Sheriff stands in the front yard, directing operations. His deputies are lugging furniture out of the house. They dump it in the yard or a the side of the road. Several of them emerge from the fro door with the Quinteros' bed. Esperanza, Luz and a dozen other women silently watch the eviction from outside the fence. Mrs. Salazar is there with a bevy of kids (includi Juanito whom she holds in her arms). The only man present is the parish priest. EXT., MAIN ROAD, ZINC TOWN. LONG PANNING SHOT. We pick up Jenkins' car loaded with the stand-by squad roaring toward the housing area. The car passes the store the church, the school. As the car comes into f.g., and moves on out of scene, CAMERA HOLDS on the school playground. In the distance we see Luнs beckoning to a number of his companions. The boys set off at a run up th road.
5) 200) text: as Jenkins' car swerves around the tail of the convoy, comes on up the road, stops near the cottage. Ramуn and t others pile out. They join the throng of women. Ramуn carries his rifle purposefully.