0) 2) dialog: It's Mr. Kalinsky. REAR OF AMBULANCE. MEDIUM SHOT. A large number of miners are milling about. The injured m is lifted into the ambulance and the doors are shut. Just then Mrs. Kalinsky runs up. She pounds on the doors.
1) 50) text: Charley Vidal and another miner stand in the back of a pick-up, distributing rations to Esperanza and Luz Morale The small sacks contain beans, corn meal, coffee, etc.
1) 60) text: Several pickets gape ravenously at Antonio as he bites in the tacos given him by Luz.
2) 25) text: including not only the Quintero family but also Antonio a Luz, Teresa and Charley, Ruth and Frank, Sal and Consuelo Antonio holds the baby up to the priest, who makes the si of the cross. His lips move in prayer. Ramуn peers fondly at the baby over Antonio's shoulder.
3) 16) dialog: (roguishly)
3) 19) dialog: If you dance with my husband, you'll have to put up with this ... She grabs Ruth and dances her around in a lascivious paro of Antonio's style. The women giggle. Esperanza's head turns at the sound of an infant's wail. INT., PARLOR: AT THE POKER TABLE. Frank is shuffling the cards. Esperanza is seen crossing to the bedroom in b.g.
3) 45) dialog: (mock surprise)
3) 64) dialog: Good. Consuelo, turn up the radio (To Antonio)
3) 248) text: I don't want you hanging around there, hear? We hear the sound of a chugging truck outside. Ramуn goes to the window, peers out. EXT., ROAD OUTSIDE QUINTERO COTTAGE. MEDIUM SHOT. The union pick-up, full of women, stops at the gate. Esperanza and Luz sit beside Charley in the cab. They get out. All the women are laughing and smiling.
4) 4) text: I've told you ten times. We don't have no food. We don't have no beds. We don't have no baths. So please -- please -- shut up! Vance grins at Luz Morales, whose face can be seen behind the bars in close foreground. He reaches out, chucks her under the chin. Luz scratches at his hand, and he withdra it. The chant is resumed. INT., REAR OF CELL. CLOSE GROUP SHOT. The one cot in the cell is occupied by Estella and the infant Juanito. Juanito is crying. Esperanza hovers worriedly over him, trying to get him a take a nippled bottle, which he rejects.
5) 12) text: The shot matches the earlier scene of Luz and Esperanza - but now Ramуn and Antonio are hanging out the wash. Estella and the little Morales boy are there. Ramуn sees them playing in the baskets.
5) 196) text: The sheriff's convoy is drawn up outside a row of company houses. We can see deputies milling about in the front ya of one of the cottages, and a cluster of women watching them from outside the fence. EXT., COTTAGE: CLOSER ANGLE. It is the Quintero place. The Sheriff stands in the front yard, directing operations. His deputies are lugging furniture out of the house. They dump it in the yard or a the side of the road. Several of them emerge from the fro door with the Quinteros' bed. Esperanza, Luz and a dozen other women silently watch the eviction from outside the fence. Mrs. Salazar is there with a bevy of kids (includi Juanito whom she holds in her arms). The only man present is the parish priest. EXT., MAIN ROAD, ZINC TOWN. LONG PANNING SHOT. We pick up Jenkins' car loaded with the stand-by squad roaring toward the housing area. The car passes the store the church, the school. As the car comes into f.g., and moves on out of scene, CAMERA HOLDS on the school playground. In the distance we see Luнs beckoning to a number of his companions. The boys set off at a run up th road.
5) 197) text: featuring Esperanza and Luz.
5) 198) dialog: Can't we do something? No answer from Esperanza. She moves toward the front gate Other women follow her. CAMERA PANS with them. Just then the deputy Kimbrough comes through the gate carrying a la and a vase. He dumps them onto the road. The vase breaks. He shoves Esperanza roughly away from the gate.