0) 0) text: A cluster of miners wait tensely around the hoist as the cage rises to ground level. Several miners wearing tin ha are crowded inside the cage, but their faces are so grimy we cannot make out who they are.
0) 4) text: Let me see him! Let me see him! Several miners try to calm her. They lead her away as the ambulance starts up.
0) 22) text: You, there. Get a hold on yourself. A man's been hurt. I'm as sorry about it as you are. Savvy? Ramуn finally quiets down. By now the miners have formed ragged phalanx in b.g. The three union negotiators, Ramуn the Superintendent and the Chief Foreman form a group in f.g. Alexander speaks to all of them.
0) 28) text: All right, fellows, the excitement's over. Let's get to it. Barton starts toward the mine head. But the men do not move. Faintly we hear mutterings in Spanish from the miners' ranks.
0) 38) text: Ruiz? WIDER ANGLE SHOOTING TOWARD MINERS. Sal Ruiz takes his time. He lights a cigarette. Then he calls out in Spanish:
1) 0) text: carrying small lumps of ore from the crusher. The belt stops. BACK TO MEN. FULL SHOT. The stillness is vast and sudden. Ramуn walks back to the massed ranks of his fellow miners. He halts beside Antoni at the end of the file. No one else moves or speaks. CLOSER ANGLE: THE MINERS' RANKS. Antonio nudges Ramуn, indicating, something o.s. Ramуn's head turns, looking off scene. One by one, the heads of t other miners turn, glancing o.s.
1) 1) text: standing before the silent miners. Barton realizes that the men are not looking at him, but at something above an beyond him. Barton looks over his shoulder. Alexander slowly follows suit.
1) 12) text: as seen from the entrance. A hundred miners are packed densely on the center block of benches, facing the union officers in b.g. Sal Ruiz is presiding; Frank Barnes sits at the table beside him. Charley Vidal stands near the chairman, delivering an impassioned speech.
1) 25) dialog: (from the floor)
1) 27) dialog: Second!
1) 35) text: You were pushing all right -- pushing us right back in our place. ESPERANZA AND RAMУN, NEAR DOORWAY. Esperanza is holding Estella, who is asleep again. Ramуn at the rear of a group of miners filing out of the hall. two of the miners pass Camera, we hear one say to the oth
1) 36) dialog: That's a pretty good idea -- making sanitation one of the demands again. As Ramуn moves into f.g., he indicates with the slightest of gestures for Esperanza to follow. She obeys. EXT., UNION HALL. MEDIUM PANNING SHOT, NIGHT. Ramуn emerges from the hall, moves to a corner of the building in f.g. Esperanza joins him there in the darknes Ramуn speaks softly.
1) 39) text: This panorama should be as inclusive as the location site permits. Thirty or more miners march counter-clockwise on a dirt road. Beyond this elliptical picket line on either side of the road are two signs: DELAWARE ZINC CO., INC. KEEP OUT
1) 50) text: Charley Vidal and another miner stand in the back of a pick-up, distributing rations to Esperanza and Luz Morale The small sacks contain beans, corn meal, coffee, etc.
1) 63) text: and another day. A number of miners have turned carpenter erecting a shack of scrap lumber and galvanized tin close by the picket line. Several women have set up a table outside the unfinished shack on which we see a pot of beans, a coffee pot, etc. Esperanza is not among them.
1) 71) dialog: Haven't seen him for two days.
1) 73) text: Hey, Ramуn -- listen to this. The chief foreman come to me last night, said he'd make me shift foreman if I'd start a back-to-work movement. "Jenkins," he says, "why string along with them tamale eaters?" I just told him I come to like tamales fine. The men laugh, Ramуn smiles, but the look he gives Jenkin is tinged with speculative suspicion. Just then a patrol of three miners led by Alfredo Diaz enters scene from the hillslope. Alfredo reports to Ramуn. He is breathing hard
1) 77) text: Anglos. From out of town. But they're not miners -- I could tell that. They don't know zinc from Shinola.
1) 79) dialog: Hey, Ramуn, here comes the super ... EXT., WINDING ROAD. LONG SHOT: PICKETS' ANGLE. On the road from Zinc Town, across the trestle, we see a shiny new Cadillac crawling along the dusty road. It draw to a stop some distance away. CLOSE SHOT: CADILLAC. Superintendent Alexander sits at the wheel. Beside him is George Hartwell, a company representative from New York. Hartwell is impeccably dressed in a gabardine suit and Panama hat. He peers over Alexander's shoulder as the superintendent points out:
1) 146) text: They're hiding in the gully. Over there! BACK TO PICKET POST. The miners are trying to spot the scabs. They mill about restlessly, all talking at once:
3) 133) text: The hall is packed. The striking miners, as usual, occupy the center bloc of seats. But this time there are almost many women as men in the hall. They sit with their children in the rear or on benches against the side walls CAMERA HOLDS on Frank Barnes,standing at the front of the hall, addressing the miners.
3) 141) text: We women are not striking miners. We will take over your picket line. We hear a stirring, then a raucous male laugh.
3) 149) dialog: If we allow our women to help us, we'll be the joke of the whole labor movement!
3) 150) dialog: Look, brother, our women are ours, our countrywomen! Why shouldn't they help us? THE HALL. ANOTHER ANGLE. We see miners with their heads together in heated argumen grimaces and gestures of disapproval, individual miners rising to address the chair. ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING LUZ MORALES. Eyes flashing, she addresses the men.
3) 211) text: Not so sure about that. Letter of the Law, you know. All the injunction says is no picketing by miners.
3) 221) text: hurtling toward the picket line. CLOSE SHOT: FACES OF MINERS. They groan involuntarily.
3) 223) text: horn blowing, speeding directly at them, looming bigger, closer. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. At the last split second, Barton jams on his brakes, and the car skids. The women have not moved. CLOSE SHOT: WOMEN AND CAR. The car skids into the picket line. A woman is swiped by the front fender, flung on to the road. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. We hear a collective gasp from the women. Then they screa Two women run to their injured sister. The others swarm around the car. The deputies are trying to get the doors open. The women begin to rock the car. Finally the deputi manage to get out. They flail the women with their fists, their gun stocks. But there are four women to each deputy and they cling to the men, grabbing at their weapons. MEDIUM SHOT: THE FIRST TRUCK. The Anglo scabs standing in the back of the truck react i fear and consternation. But they stay where they are. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: MINERS ON HILLSIDE. A group of them start coming down the hill. We can see Charley and Frank gesturing, trying to restrain them -- b the miners come on. BACK TO THE PICKET POST. Vance kicks out at woman who is trying to tear off his cartridge-belt, sends her sprawling. He backs off, panic-stricken, and fires a tear gas shell into a mass of women pickets. The exploding shell disperses them momentarily. The women fan out, coughing and choking. THE PICKET POST, SHOOTING FROM HILL ABOVE. At Mrs. Salazar's command, the women form into two platoo the larger group remains on the road, blocking the convoy despite the fact that other deputies open fire with tear gas; but another line has formed at the side of the road, facing the miners bent on entering the fray. CLOSER ANGLE: THE SECOND PICKET LINE. As the miners coming down the slope reach the road, Mrs. Salazar waves them back angrily, yells in Spanish:
3) 225) dialog: (desperately)
5) 82) text: Seven miners are seated on stools at the bar, drinking be These are the disconsolate ones -- the defeated and the perplexed, the traditionalist hold-outs and the unwilling babysitters. An atmosphere of gloom pervades the place. Their backs are to CAMERA, but seated from left to right they are: Jenkins, Antonio, two unidentified miners (whom we have seen around the picket line), Cente Cavazos, Josй Sanchez and Ramуn. The bartender, an Anglo, is a beefy, easy-going fellow with a friendly manner. He sets fresh beers before a couple of miners, but no money changes han We see the bartender mark something on a tab at the register. CAMERA MOVES ON to the next miner, an Anglo, leaning moodily on his elbow.
5) 83) dialog: I got a friend, he's got a friend in the Bureau of Mines. Know what he says? They ain't never gonna open up that mine again.
5) 84) dialog: How come?
5) 85) dialog: (as CAMERA MOVES past him)
5) 97) text: Got to look at the larger picture. A pall falls over the group again. The miners return to their bar stools. CLOSE MOVING SHOT (AS BEFORE).
5) 101) dialog: Man, oh man, I'd sure like to get me some venison.
5) 222) text: Ramуn, Esperanza and other women and children re-emerge from the house, stop on the porch in a compact mass. Faci them outside the gate are forty miners. The deputies are between. They stir nervously, glancing from side to side. No one says anything. A heavy stillness falls over the ya Now we see other women and children closing in at the sid fence: then Luнs and a half-dozen other boys appear at th opposite fence. The Sheriff is in dead center of this sho Without realizing it he makes a full turn of 360, looking at his adversaries. HIS ANGLE. SLOW PANNING SHOT. The Sheriff's forces are completely surrounded by over a hundred men, women and children. Appearing on the surrounding hills, on every side, are other miners, other women, other kids -- massed, impassive.
5) 223) text: turning, staring at the massed power against him. With an abrupt, frustrated gesture the Sheriff waves to his men to follow and walks out the gate. The miners break ranks to let him pass. When the last deputy has lef the yard the men close ranks and face the convoy. Still there is no voice, no sound save the starting motors.
5) 224) text: as seen from the porch, SHOOTING PAST the miners outside the gate. The convoy lurches into motion. The men watch i till the last car has passed. Then they turn to face the women, who enter scene f.g., moving down the steps, meeti the men in the yard. Suddenly someone laughs and then the is a release in laughter running through the crowd, and w hear half-whispered, awed comment.