1) 30) dialog: Why didn't you support her? You're the worst of the lot.
1) 32) dialog: Or why don't you just put a sign outside? "No dogs or women allowed!" ANOTHER PART OF THE HALL. CHARLEY AND TERESA.
2) 25) text: including not only the Quintero family but also Antonio a Luz, Teresa and Charley, Ruth and Frank, Sal and Consuelo Antonio holds the baby up to the priest, who makes the si of the cross. His lips move in prayer. Ramуn peers fondly at the baby over Antonio's shoulder.
3) 14) text: as Teresa reenters from the parlor. Ruth Barnes is tappin her foot restlessly to the radio music which continues ov scene.
3) 15) dialog: Are we gonna let them play poker all night? I want to dance.
3) 18) dialog: With any of them -- even my own.
3) 43) dialog: (from the doorway)
3) 47) dialog: (looking o.s.)
3) 54) dialog: (snorts)
3) 57) dialog: (to Ramуn)
3) 58) text: Me, I'm a camp follower -- following this organizer from one mining camp to another -- Montana, Colorado, Idaho. But did he ever think to organize the women? No. Wives don't count in the Anglo locals either. Ramуn laughs. Ruth turns back to him.
3) 59) dialog: Not that I like the way you treat your wife. But when Doctor Barnes gives you his cure-all for female troubles, ask him if he's tried it at home.
3) 62) dialog: Esperanza's nursing the baby. A glow of eagerness brightens Ramуn's face. He flings dow the cards and goes out to the kitchen. The exasperated Antonio tosses his cards aside.
3) 65) text: Come on, Papa, on your feet. Antonio gets up and begins to dance with his wife. We mar how accurate a parody his wife made of his style. Charley dances with Teresa. Ruth folds her arms, glaring at Frank INT., KITCHEN. CLOSE TWO SHOT. Ramуn stands beside his wife, looking over her shoulder a the suckling child. The CAMERA Ah.ANGLE is such that we cannot see Juanito.
3) 193) text: Yes, I do. There's Ruth Barnes.
4) 12) dialog: The formula, the formula ... The women begin banging away with their cups again taking up the chant:
5) 63) text: No, no ... the Sheriff had enough of us. We drove him crazy. She goes out. INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT. Esperanza opens the front door, admitting three women: Teresa, Ruth and Consuelo. They enter beaming, excited.
5) 75) dialog: And there's a whole bunch of men going on a fuel hunting expedition -- thirty or forty of them -- so their wives are out too.