0) 18) text: You're a liar, Pancho. A no-good, dirty ... Ramуn lunges at him. Barton fends him off. Ramуn keeps boring in, but Sal Ruiz and Frank Barnes grab him. We hea an angry bedlam.
0) 38) text: Ruiz? WIDER ANGLE SHOOTING TOWARD MINERS. Sal Ruiz takes his time. He lights a cigarette. Then he calls out in Spanish:
0) 39) dialog: It's up to you, brothers. A murmur runs through the ranks, "si, si." Several miners glance at Ramуn. Suddenly Ramуn wheels, strides toward th power house, which is adjacent to the head frame of the mine. Passing through the miner's ranks, he bellows at th top of his lungs:
1) 12) text: as seen from the entrance. A hundred miners are packed densely on the center block of benches, facing the union officers in b.g. Sal Ruiz is presiding; Frank Barnes sits at the table beside him. Charley Vidal stands near the chairman, delivering an impassioned speech.
1) 17) dialog: Yes? You ladies have an announcement?
1) 21) dialog: Consuelo, will you speak from over here? Painfully self-conscious, Consuelo moves toward camera in f.g. She faces the men and begins again, nervous, but trying to speak louder.
1) 24) dialog: I'm sure I can speak for all of the brothers. We appreciate the ladies offering to help, but it's getting late and I suggest we table it. The chair will entertain a motion to adjourn.
1) 28) dialog: So ordered. He brings down his gavel, and the meeting ends. Some of t miners break for the door, others begin to mill about. Ruth and Consuelo walk to the front of the hall. Now, in quick succession we see four vignettes: TWO SHOT: SAL AND CONSUELO. He meets her near the speaker's table, flings out his arm in a helpless gesture.
1) 29) dialog: Why didn't you check with me? It's embarrassing! TWO SHOT: RUTH AND FRANK. She leans across the speaker's table before Frank can ris and remarks acidly:
1) 54) text: Mrs. Salazar is now marching with the men. She is still crocheting. Her expression of calm determination is unchanging.
1) 182) text: Now you know that ain't no way to talk to a white man. EXT., ROAD, NEAR PICKET POST. MEDIUM LONG SHOT. We can see Mrs. Salazar and several other women running t meet Esperanza. A couple of pickets follow along. Mrs. Salazar shouts back at them in Spanish:
2) 25) text: including not only the Quintero family but also Antonio a Luz, Teresa and Charley, Ruth and Frank, Sal and Consuelo Antonio holds the baby up to the priest, who makes the si of the cross. His lips move in prayer. Ramуn peers fondly at the baby over Antonio's shoulder.
3) 20) dialog: (to Ramуn)
3) 24) dialog: You lump them all together -- Anglo workers and Anglo bosses.
3) 27) dialog: Sure. But you want the truth? You're even suspicious of him.
3) 41) dialog: If it makes you feel any better, he's got even less use for women. BACK TO KITCHEN. FULL SHOT. Esperanza sits on a stool near the stove, her back to camera and the other women, nursing the baby. Teresa and Consuelo are sampling the sandwiches they have made.
3) 96) text: What are you so sad about? He crosses to a shelf, picks up a dusty guitar and tosses to Sal.
3) 143) dialog: If that's a motion ... only members of the union can make a motion. Sal glances at Charley Vidal, who sits beside him. Charle hesitates. Teresa glares at her husband. Charley takes a deep breath, yells:
3) 147) dialog: (uneasy)
3) 157) dialog: (rapping his gavel)
3) 162) dialog: Brothers ... and sisters. It would be unconstitutional to permit women to vote at a union meeting. (Male applause.)
3) 164) dialog: No, wait, wait ... and reconvene this meeting as a community mass meeting with every adult entitled to a vote!
3) 167) dialog: All those in favor will raise their hands. (Most of the hands are raised.)
3) 171) dialog: (grinning)
3) 172) text: Those in favor that the sisters take over the picket line will so signify by raising their hands. THE HALL. FULL PANNING SHOT FROM SAL'S ANGLE. An overwhelming majority of the women are voting for the plan. About a third of the men raise their hands -- but some of them lower their arms when nudged angrily by thei neighbors. Tellers move through the hall counting hands. CAMERA HOLDS on Ramуn, who is practically sitting on his hands. He frowns at:
3) 173) text: her eyes averted, but her hand defiantly up. BACK TO CHAIRMAN. The tellers approach Sal, whisper the affirmative vote. H adds the totals, then pounds his gavel.
3) 174) dialog: Okay. All those opposed? FULL PANNING SHOT: AS BEFORE. Most of the women sit with their fingers intertwined, as though in prayer. A few weaker sisters raise their hands uncertainly. Their neighbors nudge then. The hands come down again. CAMERA PANS to the men as the tellers count. We see a forest of raised hands. Some miners are frantically holding up both arms. BACK TO CHAIRMAN. MEDIUM SHOT. The tellers give Sal their figures. Sal's face is grave, reveals nothing. He rises, announces quietly:
3) 175) dialog: The motion has carried -- a hundred and three to eighty-five. No applause. REVERSE ANGLE. FULL PANNING SHOT. A profound stillness has settled over the hall. The men turn in their places, looking at their womenfolk with dou apprehension, expectancy. CAMERA PANS to the women who line the side wall. They look at each other with a breathless wonder as the full import of their undertaking dawns on them.
3) 223) text: horn blowing, speeding directly at them, looming bigger, closer. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. At the last split second, Barton jams on his brakes, and the car skids. The women have not moved. CLOSE SHOT: WOMEN AND CAR. The car skids into the picket line. A woman is swiped by the front fender, flung on to the road. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. We hear a collective gasp from the women. Then they screa Two women run to their injured sister. The others swarm around the car. The deputies are trying to get the doors open. The women begin to rock the car. Finally the deputi manage to get out. They flail the women with their fists, their gun stocks. But there are four women to each deputy and they cling to the men, grabbing at their weapons. MEDIUM SHOT: THE FIRST TRUCK. The Anglo scabs standing in the back of the truck react i fear and consternation. But they stay where they are. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: MINERS ON HILLSIDE. A group of them start coming down the hill. We can see Charley and Frank gesturing, trying to restrain them -- b the miners come on. BACK TO THE PICKET POST. Vance kicks out at woman who is trying to tear off his cartridge-belt, sends her sprawling. He backs off, panic-stricken, and fires a tear gas shell into a mass of women pickets. The exploding shell disperses them momentarily. The women fan out, coughing and choking. THE PICKET POST, SHOOTING FROM HILL ABOVE. At Mrs. Salazar's command, the women form into two platoo the larger group remains on the road, blocking the convoy despite the fact that other deputies open fire with tear gas; but another line has formed at the side of the road, facing the miners bent on entering the fray. CLOSER ANGLE: THE SECOND PICKET LINE. As the miners coming down the slope reach the road, Mrs. Salazar waves them back angrily, yells in Spanish:
5) 182) dialog: Did he go hunting with the others?
5) 186) dialog: (muttering bitterly)
5) 196) text: The sheriff's convoy is drawn up outside a row of company houses. We can see deputies milling about in the front ya of one of the cottages, and a cluster of women watching them from outside the fence. EXT., COTTAGE: CLOSER ANGLE. It is the Quintero place. The Sheriff stands in the front yard, directing operations. His deputies are lugging furniture out of the house. They dump it in the yard or a the side of the road. Several of them emerge from the fro door with the Quinteros' bed. Esperanza, Luz and a dozen other women silently watch the eviction from outside the fence. Mrs. Salazar is there with a bevy of kids (includi Juanito whom she holds in her arms). The only man present is the parish priest. EXT., MAIN ROAD, ZINC TOWN. LONG PANNING SHOT. We pick up Jenkins' car loaded with the stand-by squad roaring toward the housing area. The car passes the store the church, the school. As the car comes into f.g., and moves on out of scene, CAMERA HOLDS on the school playground. In the distance we see Luнs beckoning to a number of his companions. The boys set off at a run up th road.
5) 210) text: Now we can all fight together -- all of us. Suddenly he draws Esperanza close, whispers something in her ear. She nods, turns swiftly to several other women, huddles with them a moment. CAMERA PANS with the women as they enter the yard, swooping down to pick up household belongings on their wa EXT., FRONT YARD. FULL SHOT. Other women, seeing what Esperanza and her sisters are up to, swiftly join them in the yard, begin to pick up furniture and carry it back into the house by way of the rear door. Deputies emerging from the house, loaded down with furniture and bric-a-brac, find themselves passing women loaded with objects they have just deposited in the yard. One of the deputies stops in close f.g., staring at the women in slack-jawed bafflement. Ramуn glances at Mrs Salazar. He winks. Mrs. Salazar smiles. It is the first time we have seen her smile. BACK TO YARD, FEATURING SHERIFF. His deputies are hopelessly dispersed. Half of them are chasing the boys, while the furniture-moving contingent i out-numbered by women crowding into the yard. The Sheriff wheels right and left in helpless exasperation. He spots Ramуn near the front fence, strides over to him.
5) 231) text: For the present. BACK TO QUINTERO YARD. FULL SHOT. Part of the milling throng has already dispersed; those w remain are carrying the last of the Quinteros' possession back into the house. We see Luнs jump the fence and run toward his mother in f.g. She gives him a fierce hug. MEDIUM SHOTS AT FRONT GATE. Ramуn approaches Mrs. Salazar. He takes the baby from her arms. Estella enters the gate, dragging the portrait of Juбrez. Solemnly she lifts up the portrait. Ramуn takes it. He walks back toward the porch, Estella at his side. THE YARD, SWOOPING FROM THE PORCH. Esperanza and Luнs stand on the porch steps in f.g. Reaching them, Ramуn turns, looks back at his friends, some of whom are still in the yard. They seem to be waiting for him to speak.