1) 81) text: showing the Sheriff's cars, the picket line, the unfenced hill, and the mountain of waste beyond it.
1) 84) text: as the Sheriff comes up to Alexander's side of the car. T Sheriff has the appearance and speech of a New Mexican rancher, which he is. He touches his Stetson in a gesture of respect.
1) 85) dialog: Mornin'.
1) 87) dialog: Well, those new fellows you hired from out of town -- we brought 'em up here in a truck this morning, but they took one look at that picket line and turned tail.
1) 90) dialog: (skeptically)
1) 138) text: It's nothing. Just a little catch ... She takes Estella by the hand and starts to walk down the road toward the Sheriff's cars. Ramуn escorts her. CAMERA PANS with them. Suddenly we hear from very far off a boy' voice calling:
1) 152) text: running, fanning out, trying to cut off the strike-breake Cente makes for the tracks. Ramуn stays on the road. Antonio and Alfredo dart up the hill. GROUP SHOT: AT SHERIFF'S CARS. The deputies have roused themselves. The Sheriff smiles, gives them a sign. Four deputies climb into a sedan and drive off.
1) 171) text: as seen from the road. The Sheriff's car plunges into scene in f.g., skids to a stop. The deputies pile out, run toward the trestle. In the distance we see Sebastian scramble to his feet, cross the railroad spur and retreat to the gully out of which he came. Ramуn stands watching him. The deputies are almost on him before he turns. One them seizes him by the arm. He appears to be protesting, but the men are out of ear-shot. Suddenly we see the flas of handcuffs snapped on Ramуn's right wrist. Ramуn, offering no resistance, holds up his left hand -- but a deputy spins him around with an arm lock and snaps Ramуn' wrists together behind his back. It all happens very quickly, and they lead him off.
1) 172) text: standing in a group now, watching the arrest. Luнs starts to run to his father, but Antonio holds him back. MEDIUM SHOT: AT SHERIFF'S CAR. Ramуn is thrust roughly into the back seat of the car between two deputies. The other two get in front. The driver turns the car around, raising a great cloud of dus The car speeds off. CAMERA PANS with it, holds on Esperan watching at the side of the road. Suddenly ESPERANZA winces. Her hands go to her belly, and she bends slightly as though from a severe cramp. CLOSE SHOT: ESPERANZA. Her face contorted with pain, with the realization that h labor has begun. She looks around helplessly, calls:
2) 1) text: The Sheriff is standing there with his other two deputies when Kalinsky hobbles up.
2) 3) text: Sheriff ... we need a doctor -- quick. A lady's gonna have a baby ...
2) 4) dialog: What d'ya take me for? An ambulance driver?
2) 6) dialog: You kiddin'? Company doctor won't come to no picket line. Kalinsky clenches his fists, furious, helpless. Then he labors back toward the coffee shack. CAMERA PANS with him In the distance we see four men carrying Esperanza on a folded blanket. EXT., COFFEE SHACK. FULL SHOT. Mrs. Salazar is walking beside the improvised stretcher. She directs the men to enter the shack.
3) 210) dialog: (grins)
3) 214) dialog: Now don't get excited, Mr. Alexander. They'll scatter like a covey of quail.
3) 217) dialog: (rouses himself, calls)
3) 220) dialog: Forget it. They'll scatter like quail. Barton starts the motor. He waves at the truck drivers an the other sheriff's car. They wave back. The convoy start up, gathering speed rapidly. FULL SHOT: MINERS ON THE HILLSLOPE. They spring to their feet, tense. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. The women stop marching, turn in unison to face the oncoming convoy.
3) 273) text: Trucks and sheriff's cars can be seen parked near the picket line. The scabs and deputies stand in the trucks, jeering at the marching women.
3) 283) text: where a small army of scabs and deputies is gathered. The scabs stand sheepishly beside the trucks. The Sheriff, Barton, and several deputies are gazing off at the picket line. They are no longer amused. The superintendent's Cadillac enters scene, coming up the road. It rolls to a stop near the Sheriff's party. CLOSE GROUP SHOT: AT CAR.
3) 286) dialog: (hopelessly)
3) 289) dialog: (doubtfully)
3) 294) text: Hey, you -- c'mere. Sebastian Prieto, the fingerman, leaves a group of deputi in b.g. and comes over. The Sheriff glances at him with contempt, then starts toward the picket line, Prieto and the deputies moving with him.
3) 296) dialog: (shouting at them)
3) 297) text: Awright, girls -- I'm gonna give you a choice -- you can go home or you can go to jail. No ifs, ands or buts. Git off the picket line or git arrested. Silence. The women keep on marching. The Sheriff turns to Sebastian.
3) 298) dialog: Okay. Point 'em out.
3) 307) text: the women are plucked off the line, one by one. They do n resist. We call see Esperanza still marching. She seems t clutch the baby more tightly to her. Estella tags along beside her mother. REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD TRUCKS. The back of one truck is already filled with women, and t other is filling rapidly. TWO SHOT: SHERIFF AND SEBASTIAN.
3) 309) dialog: (irritably)
3) 312) text: She's Ramуn Quintero's wife. He don't like her being here at all. The Sheriff hesitates a moment, his eyes narrowed in thought, then gives Vance the nod. Vance approaches the line. MEDIUM SHOT: AT PICKET LINE. Vance plucks at Esperanza's sleeve. She stops for a secon frightened, wavering. The women remaining on the line cal out to her:
4) 15) dialog: (exasperated)
4) 23) text: I come for my kids. They're in your jail. Vance warily brushes past Ramуn and opens the office door gesturing for the Sheriff. During the few moments the doo is open, we hear: D.A.'s VOICE
4) 26) text: Such as what? The Sheriff comes out, closing the door behind him, cutting off the inside conversation again.
4) 28) dialog: The what?
4) 30) text: His kid. The Sheriff glances at Ramуn and stalks off down the hall Vance follows.
5) 0) text: as the Sheriff and Vance enter. The women's clamor is as loud as ever. The Sheriff holds up his hands for quiet.
5) 1) dialog: Now look here. I got you some milk for the baby. So what's all the belly-achin' about?
5) 3) dialog: (exasperated)
5) 6) text: Don't sign nothin' for the stinker. No, no deals, no deals ... Make him get the formula. They start banging on the bars again. The sheriff turns angrily to Vance.
5) 7) dialog: Where'd that fellow go? Vance takes a few steps, shouts around a corner, beckonin
5) 9) dialog: Awright. Where's the baby? And the little girl? Esperanza brings the baby from the rear of the cell. Estella squeezes past the tightly packed women, joins her mother. Ramуn and Esperanza gaze at one another with deep poignancy, unsmiling. He holds out his hands. She gives the baby to him. Estella looks up at her mother. Esperanz nods, gives her a little push. Estella walks outside. Luн takes her hand. The father and his children walk off slow out of scene. The women watch them go. The turnkey locks the cell again. Suddenly they start banging on the bars.
5) 63) text: No, no ... the Sheriff had enough of us. We drove him crazy. She goes out. INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT. Esperanza opens the front door, admitting three women: Teresa, Ruth and Consuelo. They enter beaming, excited.
5) 196) text: The sheriff's convoy is drawn up outside a row of company houses. We can see deputies milling about in the front ya of one of the cottages, and a cluster of women watching them from outside the fence. EXT., COTTAGE: CLOSER ANGLE. It is the Quintero place. The Sheriff stands in the front yard, directing operations. His deputies are lugging furniture out of the house. They dump it in the yard or a the side of the road. Several of them emerge from the fro door with the Quinteros' bed. Esperanza, Luz and a dozen other women silently watch the eviction from outside the fence. Mrs. Salazar is there with a bevy of kids (includi Juanito whom she holds in her arms). The only man present is the parish priest. EXT., MAIN ROAD, ZINC TOWN. LONG PANNING SHOT. We pick up Jenkins' car loaded with the stand-by squad roaring toward the housing area. The car passes the store the church, the school. As the car comes into f.g., and moves on out of scene, CAMERA HOLDS on the school playground. In the distance we see Luнs beckoning to a number of his companions. The boys set off at a run up th road.
5) 204) dialog: Never mind them brats! Come on -- get the work done. REVERSE ANGLE, FEATURING TENANTS. Other women, children and old men are arriving on the sce There are now over twenty women watching the eviction but there is no excitement, no talk. CLOSER ANGLE, FEATURING RAMУN AD ESPERANZA. Ramуn is calmer now, but alert, planning, thinking. He looks around at their gathering forces -- not yet impressive, but growing every moment. He almost smiles wi slow realization.
5) 210) text: Now we can all fight together -- all of us. Suddenly he draws Esperanza close, whispers something in her ear. She nods, turns swiftly to several other women, huddles with them a moment. CAMERA PANS with the women as they enter the yard, swooping down to pick up household belongings on their wa EXT., FRONT YARD. FULL SHOT. Other women, seeing what Esperanza and her sisters are up to, swiftly join them in the yard, begin to pick up furniture and carry it back into the house by way of the rear door. Deputies emerging from the house, loaded down with furniture and bric-a-brac, find themselves passing women loaded with objects they have just deposited in the yard. One of the deputies stops in close f.g., staring at the women in slack-jawed bafflement. Ramуn glances at Mrs Salazar. He winks. Mrs. Salazar smiles. It is the first time we have seen her smile. BACK TO YARD, FEATURING SHERIFF. His deputies are hopelessly dispersed. Half of them are chasing the boys, while the furniture-moving contingent i out-numbered by women crowding into the yard. The Sheriff wheels right and left in helpless exasperation. He spots Ramуn near the front fence, strides over to him.
5) 211) dialog: (bellowing)
5) 214) dialog: (blustering)
5) 217) text: You want 'em in your lock-up again? The Sheriff stalks off, fuming. EXT., ROAD AND YARD. FULL SHOT. More women keep arriving all the time. Several small fry, imitating their mothers, run into the yard, pick up lamps pots, pans, etc., and return them to the house. A SIDE ROAD. MEDIUM LONG SHOT. Two cars pull up and stop near the convoy. Consuelo Ruiz six other women get out, approach the cottage. THE YARD. FULL SHOT. From off scene we hear the blast of an automobile horn, while from the middle of the yard the sheriff bellows at his men:
5) 218) dialog: Form a cordon! Keep 'em away from the house! Form a cordon! EXT., ROAD. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: PAST CONVOY. Two other cars pull up at the tail of the convoy. Frank Barnes and a half dozen miners get out, hurry toward the Quintero cottage. BACK TO YARD. FULL SHOT. By now the sheriff's men have reassembled and are forming cordon, from the porch steps to the front gate, permittin no one else to enter the yard. Four deputies pick up the Quinteros' bed and begin to carry it toward the truck. Wh they reach the gate they find it blocked by the six new miners and four of Ramуn's stand-by squad. The deputies stop, ease their burden to the ground. Just then we hear klaxon from o.s. Everyone turns to see: ANOTHER CONVOY. LONG PANNING SHOT. The union truck is in the lead. Charley Vidal is at the wheel, and the back of the truck is loaded with a dozen miners. Following it are a half-dozen miners' cars. The union convoy rolls past the parked sheriff's convoy, draw to a stop in f.g. The miners tumble out, move in a body toward the gate of the Quintero cottage. They are all big men, and their faces are grim and determined. We count 15 20, 25, 30 of them.
5) 222) text: Ramуn, Esperanza and other women and children re-emerge from the house, stop on the porch in a compact mass. Faci them outside the gate are forty miners. The deputies are between. They stir nervously, glancing from side to side. No one says anything. A heavy stillness falls over the ya Now we see other women and children closing in at the sid fence: then Luнs and a half-dozen other boys appear at th opposite fence. The Sheriff is in dead center of this sho Without realizing it he makes a full turn of 360, looking at his adversaries. HIS ANGLE. SLOW PANNING SHOT. The Sheriff's forces are completely surrounded by over a hundred men, women and children. Appearing on the surrounding hills, on every side, are other miners, other women, other kids -- massed, impassive.
5) 223) text: turning, staring at the massed power against him. With an abrupt, frustrated gesture the Sheriff waves to his men to follow and walks out the gate. The miners break ranks to let him pass. When the last deputy has lef the yard the men close ranks and face the convoy. Still there is no voice, no sound save the starting motors.
5) 226) text: We stopped them ... It took all we had, but we stopped them ... When we heard about it at the mill, we just walked off ... Did you see their faces? .. . THE RECEDING CONVOY. LONG PANNING SHOT. The convoy approaches a crossroad a quarter of a mile downhill from the Quintero house. We see a Cadillac parke there at the corner. The lead car of the convoy stops and the sheriff gets out. He walks over to the Cadillac. CLOSE SHOT: AT CADILLAC. Alexander and Hartwell are sitting there. The sheriff starts to speak, then closes his mouth again. He indicate his empty trucks with a helpless gesture.
5) 227) dialog: Got any more ideas?