1) 34) dialog: (fiercely)
1) 57) text: We see Teresa Vidal standing beside an old jalopy, pourin a cup of coffee for her husband.
2) 25) text: including not only the Quintero family but also Antonio a Luz, Teresa and Charley, Ruth and Frank, Sal and Consuelo Antonio holds the baby up to the priest, who makes the si of the cross. His lips move in prayer. Ramуn peers fondly at the baby over Antonio's shoulder.
3) 14) text: as Teresa reenters from the parlor. Ruth Barnes is tappin her foot restlessly to the radio music which continues ov scene.
3) 49) dialog: Let's break up that game. BACK TO MEN AT POKER TABLE.
3) 65) text: Come on, Papa, on your feet. Antonio gets up and begins to dance with his wife. We mar how accurate a parody his wife made of his style. Charley dances with Teresa. Ruth folds her arms, glaring at Frank INT., KITCHEN. CLOSE TWO SHOT. Ramуn stands beside his wife, looking over her shoulder a the suckling child. The CAMERA Ah.ANGLE is such that we cannot see Juanito.
3) 140) dialog: Brother Chairman, if you read the court injunction carefully you will see that it only prohibits striking miners from picketing. (A pause.)
3) 142) dialog: Don't laugh. We have a solution. You have none. Brother Quintero was right when he said we'll lose fifty years of gains if we lose this strike. Your wives and children too. But this we promise -- if the women take your places on the picket line, the strike will not be broken, and no scabs will take your jobs. There is silence in the hall now. Teresa starts to walk back to her seat when Sal's voice checks her.
3) 160) text: Brother Chairman! A point of order! WIDER ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD TERESA AND ESPERANZA. Teresa nudges Esperanza. She rises shyly. It seems that Esperanza's stage fright will leave her mute -- but at la she finds her voice:
3) 300) text: That one -- Teresa Vidal. She's the leader. Kimbrough walks over to the line, grabs Teresa's arm as s marches by. CLOSER ANGLE, FEATURING KIMBROUGH AND TERESA.
3) 302) dialog: Keep marching sisters. Let's show some discipline.
3) 304) dialog: They'll charge us with resisting arrest. Keep marching! She jerks loose from Kimbrough and walks alone toward the trucks.
3) 316) text: Go to Papa. You stay with Papa, hear? Head high, carrying the baby, Esperanza walks off toward the waiting trucks. The little girl watches her go, beref perplexed. EXT., HILLSIDE. CLOSE SHOT: RAMУN. He comes to his feet, tense with anxiety. EXT., PICKET LINE. LONG PANNING SHOT FROM HIS ANGLE. Suddenly Estella breaks away from the picket line and run after her mother. Esperanza is climbing into the back of the second truck, which is now full. Estella jumps onto t tailgate and a woman pulls her up. We hear motors startin The trucks pull off slowly. At the same instant we hear Teresa's clear voice, singing "Solidarity Forever." The other women join her. The chorus swells. CAMERA HOLDS on the receding trucks, and the singing fades. Now the CAMER PANS SLOWLY BACK to the picket line. There are only a handful of women remaining. But from somewhere we hear th song again. CAMERA PANS ON, HOLDS on a view of the wooded hillside. Suddenly we see twenty or more women coming dow the slope with Consuelo Ruiz in the lead. They are singin these reserves, coming to replenish the gaps in the line.
4) 8) dialog: Don't you worry. We'll get some action. She moves off to the front of the cell, calling for quiet FRONT OF CELL, FEATURING TERESA. The women stop their clamor for a moment. Teresa calls ou to Vance:
4) 9) dialog: The baby can't drink this store milk. We want his formula!
5) 63) text: No, no ... the Sheriff had enough of us. We drove him crazy. She goes out. INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT. Esperanza opens the front door, admitting three women: Teresa, Ruth and Consuelo. They enter beaming, excited.
5) 64) dialog: It's all set. Consuelo's squad can take they day off tomorrow. We're taking over.
5) 77) dialog: What are you going to do about him, Esperanza?
5) 167) text: Dispirited and shivering, the women march, hunched agains the wind. Near the coffee shack is an oil drum in which a wood fire is burning. Teresa, the picket captain, walks toward Esperanza. Teresa closely watches Esperanza's dejected face. TWO SHOT: AT OIL DRUM. The two women warm their hands over the fire. Theresa mus
5) 168) dialog: So they had a little taste of what its like to be a woman ... and they run away.
5) 170) dialog: Anything worth learning is a hurt. These changes come with pain ... for other husbands too ... not just Ramуn.
5) 188) dialog: Something wrong? (Insistently)