1) 181) dialog: (softly)
1) 185) dialog: Oh, but he is. He's full of chile, this boy. He drives a gloved fist into Ramуn's belly. Ramуn gasps, his eyes bulge.
1) 186) dialog: He likes it hot. His chiquita makes it good and hot for him -- don't she, Pancho? Vance strikes him in the abdomen again. Kimbrough snicker
2) 8) dialog: Hold your head up, Pancho. That ain't no way to sit.
2) 11) dialog: (softly)
3) 207) dialog: Hey, girls! Wait a minute! Don't you wanta see my pistol?
3) 218) text: All right, boys. WIDER ANGLE: THE CONVOY. Drivers and deputies climb into the cab of each truck. Barton, Vance and two other deputies get into the lead ca Vance holds up his tear gas gun.
3) 219) dialog: What about these?
3) 223) text: horn blowing, speeding directly at them, looming bigger, closer. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. At the last split second, Barton jams on his brakes, and the car skids. The women have not moved. CLOSE SHOT: WOMEN AND CAR. The car skids into the picket line. A woman is swiped by the front fender, flung on to the road. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. We hear a collective gasp from the women. Then they screa Two women run to their injured sister. The others swarm around the car. The deputies are trying to get the doors open. The women begin to rock the car. Finally the deputi manage to get out. They flail the women with their fists, their gun stocks. But there are four women to each deputy and they cling to the men, grabbing at their weapons. MEDIUM SHOT: THE FIRST TRUCK. The Anglo scabs standing in the back of the truck react i fear and consternation. But they stay where they are. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: MINERS ON HILLSIDE. A group of them start coming down the hill. We can see Charley and Frank gesturing, trying to restrain them -- b the miners come on. BACK TO THE PICKET POST. Vance kicks out at woman who is trying to tear off his cartridge-belt, sends her sprawling. He backs off, panic-stricken, and fires a tear gas shell into a mass of women pickets. The exploding shell disperses them momentarily. The women fan out, coughing and choking. THE PICKET POST, SHOOTING FROM HILL ABOVE. At Mrs. Salazar's command, the women form into two platoo the larger group remains on the road, blocking the convoy despite the fact that other deputies open fire with tear gas; but another line has formed at the side of the road, facing the miners bent on entering the fray. CLOSER ANGLE: THE SECOND PICKET LINE. As the miners coming down the slope reach the road, Mrs. Salazar waves them back angrily, yells in Spanish:
3) 312) text: She's Ramуn Quintero's wife. He don't like her being here at all. The Sheriff hesitates a moment, his eyes narrowed in thought, then gives Vance the nod. Vance approaches the line. MEDIUM SHOT: AT PICKET LINE. Vance plucks at Esperanza's sleeve. She stops for a secon frightened, wavering. The women remaining on the line cal out to her:
3) 314) text: We'll take the baby, Esperanza ... Don't worry about Juanito ... We'll keep Estella too ... Vance pulls at her arm again. Esperanza stiffens with a sudden fierceness.
4) 2) text: as seen from the cell. The two deputies are leaning back in their chairs against a blank wall opposite the cells. The deafening chant is driving the turnkey to distraction He puts his hands to his ears. Suddenly he rises and come over, holding up his hands for quiet. Vance follows.
4) 4) text: I've told you ten times. We don't have no food. We don't have no beds. We don't have no baths. So please -- please -- shut up! Vance grins at Luz Morales, whose face can be seen behind the bars in close foreground. He reaches out, chucks her under the chin. Luz scratches at his hand, and he withdra it. The chant is resumed. INT., REAR OF CELL. CLOSE GROUP SHOT. The one cot in the cell is occupied by Estella and the infant Juanito. Juanito is crying. Esperanza hovers worriedly over him, trying to get him a take a nippled bottle, which he rejects.
4) 10) dialog: (puzzled)
4) 21) dialog: What you doin' here? Ain't you seen enough of me?
4) 23) text: I come for my kids. They're in your jail. Vance warily brushes past Ramуn and opens the office door gesturing for the Sheriff. During the few moments the doo is open, we hear: D.A.'s VOICE
4) 27) dialog: I can't shut them dames up. They keep yellin' about the formula.
4) 29) dialog: Formula for the baby or somethin'. (Indicates Ramуn)
4) 30) text: His kid. The Sheriff glances at Ramуn and stalks off down the hall Vance follows.
5) 0) text: as the Sheriff and Vance enter. The women's clamor is as loud as ever. The Sheriff holds up his hands for quiet.
5) 6) text: Don't sign nothin' for the stinker. No, no deals, no deals ... Make him get the formula. They start banging on the bars again. The sheriff turns angrily to Vance.
5) 8) dialog: Hey, Pancho, c'mere! Ramуn enters scene, walking slowly into f.g. Luнs tags along behind. The women fall silent abruptly. It is very still. CLOSE GROUP SHOT: AT CELL DOOR. The Sheriff motions to the turnkey to unlock one of the cells. He obeys.