0) 13) text: 4 --Mogwai leaps to the ground. It scurries across the floo to a wooden crate. Mogwai removes a raw tuna from the crate. It tears off a chunk of the fish and carries it to the oriental man.. He takes the fish. Mogwai hops back into the box. Rand shakes his head. Amazed by the animal. he Oriental takes a bit from the raw fish. Juice runs own his chin. He smiles at Rand.
0) 19) text: It must always be kept indoors during the day. It lives in shadow. It hates bright light. Direct sunlight will kill it. Rand nods. He takes Mogwai from his shoulder and puts it into the box. Rand puts the box under his arm. The Oriental smiles
1) 0) text: Rand is on the pay telephon His baggage rests beside him. Mogwai is inside of a small plastic pet box. The creature bright eyes shine from inside.
3) 0) text: Rand is eating his airline dinner. AN ORIENTAL STEWARDESS walks up and refills his coffee. He looks at her. with the word 'Mogwai'?
12) 0) text: Rand hugs his wife. Barney is jumping up and down, tuggin at Rand's coat. Suitcases rest on the floor.' Beside them, is, Mogwai's plastic case. Billy enters. Rand sees him.
13) 0) text: Rand dims the lights. He motions for Billy and Lynn to sit on the sofa. They do. Barney sits on Billy's lap. Rand sits in front of them, on a leather easy chair. He rests Mogwai's case on his lap. He opens the case. Mogwai leaps out, onto the coffee table. Lynn and'Bill are startled. They stare at the creature in wonderment. Barney hates it. He growls at Mogwai.
13) 9) text: Mj Oh, yeah?... Mogwai starts to sing, humming in that unearthly falsetto
14) 0) text: Billy sits at his desk, working on his novel. His typing is fast, intense. A small desk lamp lights.his working area. Mogwai watches Billy. from the darkness of the book shelv Above Billy., The creature begins to sing. Billy tries to ignore Mogwai's singing. No good. It gets on his nerves. Billy slams his hand on the desk top. He glares at the creature.
14) 11) text: I'm sorry.. .just try to be more careful. Billy holds Mogwai to his chest. He's petting it, com- forting it.
25) 0) text: Dark. The Mogwai cluster around the trap door. They scratch at the door. They want out.
39) 5) text: 54 Billy flips the oven switch to "bake". The microwave purrs. Inside, Mogwai screams and pounds against the glass door. Soon, the creature falls.' Its body quivers. The armor-,. like skin bubbles and pops. Mogwai boils to death. Bill wipes the swea from hs brow and exits the kitchen.
39) 83) dialog: runs out of the wooded area, into the parking lot of THE Y.M.C.A. The building is deserted. Closed because of heavy snow- fall. Billy comes out of the woods and sees the creature ahead. Mogwai runs to the building. Billy follows. Mogwai scales up the building's side, to the roof. Billy runs-up. Frustrated. He can't get to the roof. He watches Mogwai climb into-the building through small chimney. Billy runs to the front door. He tries to open it. Locked. He notices a window, a few feet above him. He hops to the window. He breaks the glass with his sword He opens the window and climbs inside.
50) 0) text: Mogwai's claw tears at the wires in the electrical box.
69) 25) dialog: is inside. Its mouth is full of tangled wires and plugs that the creature has ripped from the engine. Mogwai giggles at Billy.
70) 15) dialog: move fast. They're getting closer to Billy and Tracy. Some of the creatures travel beneath the snow. Others hop through it.