13) 0) text: The street runs alongside an elevated train track, We pic up Hooker coming down the street, eating a hot dog he bou with the money he just earned in the train station, He appears to be looking for an address, referring every and then to the piece of paper Luther gave him the night before. Finally he stops in front of an old three-story building which contains a carousel on the bottom two floo and what appear to be apartments on the third floor, He p inside the big, sliding glass doors and seeing no sign of life, goes around to the side to look for a way in, A 35-year-old woman, Billie, appears in her bathrobe on t second floor landing and descends the stairs to get the morning paper. She's eating an apple. Although she has ju gotten up and looks it, she has the Presence of one who i probably quite striking at ‘other hours, The sight of Hoo fazes her not at all.
13) 2) dialog: (starting back up the stairs) No.
13) 4) dialog: (checking him out) You Hooker?
13) 6) dialog: Why didn't you say so, I thought maybe you was a copper or somethin', She goes to a side door and unlocks it.
13) 7) dialog: It's the room in the back. He wasn't expecting you so soon though. Hooker's not quite sure what that means, but there's some about Billie that makes him know that.you don't ask, #02062 Co mo, . og
16) 0) text: Gondorff, dried off now and in a new set of ¢lothes, is p ing up the shades of the large facing windows of the caro building. The morning light pours in, illuminating fully the first time the ornate merry-go-round and its massive horses, Hooker watches him go about his business. Billie calls down from the mezzanine which surrounds the carouse
16) 1) dialog: You feeling all right this morning, Henry? .
16) 5) dialog: You mind opening the round a little early today? We got some business coming in before hours. Gondorff waves okay.
21) 15) dialog: (to the bartender) Set me up five more beers, will ya Danny. As Danny goes to fill the mugs, Billie's eyes fix on aman the end of the bar. We move to reveal Snyder, intently sc ning the room, as if he'd lost a dancing partner in the crush. Not finding what he wants, he comes down the bar t Billie. - :
21) 17) dialog: - That's right.
21) 19) dialog: Joliet badge, Snyder. Don't cut much up here.
21) 21) dialog: Don't think so. I know everybody in the place and I always bounce the lLamsters. .
21) 23) dialog: No, but you're welcome to a free beer before you go. Billie grabs a bottle of beer, pours some in a shot glass pushes it over to Snyder. He ignores the gesture.
21) 24) text: (with controlled force) . I don't really need your permission. We go to Billie. She knew that when he cane in. cut To “da g02062 “= Rev, 1/9/73 ee 4
21) 46) dialog: Who told ya this guy was in here?
21) 48) dialog: Maybe I could help ya if ya told me his name.
21) 50) dialog: ‘Right through there, But I wouldn't go in there if I were you. Snyder is (picks up the tray)
21) 52) dialog: T don't have to. You'll be bustin’ in on the Chief of Police just up the hall. - (she exits with the drinks) stopped cold. He calls after her.
21) 81) dialog: What are you talking about? It's on the house.
59) 0) text: Lonnegan sits by the phone, watching the clock and sippin cup of coffee. cut TO 112 0sOINT. THE STORE - DAY™ Specifically, the small room from which Singleton does hi race broadcasts. Singleton, himself, is hunched over the ticker machine, reading the print-out. Billie sits at the microphone table with a pencil and pad, ready to write.
59) 2) dialog: What's the line on Visitation?
59) 4) dialog: He'll probably fall down. Gondorff appears at the doorway.
59) 9) dialog: : Best we had was Cat's Eye in the : second at Del Mar, and he was only seven-to-two. Not many longshots , comin' in today.
59) 21) text: Billie and Singleton hustle out of the room. ac 116 117 11e 119 #02062 — . l
60) 0) text: We follow Billie through the store and across the alley t the building from which Twist keeps his lookout.
62) 0) text: Billie enters and gives Twist the piece of Paper she wrot race results on. He picks up the phone and starts to dial cur To
71) 4) dialog: Things are a little slow tonight, Henry. I wanna open the round for the girls. Gondorff takes out a set of keys and tosses them to her. leaves to go start the merry-go-round. Gondorff settles b into the game.
75) 0) text: A record spinning lazily on an old phonograph. We hear Ro Johnson's "Come On In My Kitchen." Gondorff is sitting up bed, with his hat on, lost in thought. Billie is curled u asleep next to him. There's a packed suitcase next to the Billie wakes up and turns over a second. : CcuT TO
76) 1) dialog: C'mon Henry, knock off. You've done everything you can. Gondorff nods his agreement like a zombie and goes right thinking. cur TO ” pat 137
81) 0) text: Gondorff emerges from his room carrying his ‘suitcase. He and looks up at the mezzanine where Billie is standing. T smile sadly at each other and give a simple wave, having this too many times to get sentimental about it now. Gond walks out of the building. cut TO