10) 57) text: COLEMAN. (Cont'd) things, but there ain’t no rich ( boys gonna trust a hungry nigger enough to get conned. (pause, holding up the money) . I been lookin' for this one all my life, Johnny. Now I got a chance to step out at the top. Hocker knows it's no use,
11) 0) text: There on the concrete below, face down, is the body of Lu Coleman, Hooker races out to it and kneels down.
65) 0) text: Across the street in a doorway is the silhouette of a man It's Cole. He's pretending not to look at the diner, but Hooker isn't fooled. INT. DINER -—,. He goes back to Loretta at the register.
66) 0) text: Hooker goes to the front door and steps cutside. Cole loo up at the sound of the door. Hooker makes a big show of spotting him, and runs back into the diner. Cole, his cov blown, draws his gun and races across the street in pursu Arriving just in time to see ---
68) 0) text: We pick up Hooker barreling down the street with Cole a h yards or so behind. Hooker makes a sharp cut into an alle and we see immediately that it's a hopeless dead end. Ine ‘plicably, he makes no attempt to run back out. Cole draws up and cuts into the alley, anticipating the k which should be easy now. He prepares to sight down his v when suddenly he realizes there is no victim in sight. Ho miraculously, has vanished. Cole scans the alley frantica for some trace of him. There are no windows or doors at t street level. Not even a drain pipe. Just brick wall. It' impossible. Hooker has disappeared into thin air. Cole slams his gun into his shoulder holster with a curse and starts back out of the alley, when all of a sudden he stops in utter terror. His mouth drops open and he chokes the -words:
68) 1) dialog: Salino, hey look. I didn't mean to move in on...» Before anything else can come out, two bullets rip into h chest. He falls to the concrete, coming to rest on a manh cover, which we notice is slightly ajar. We; cur TO
70) 15) text: Okay. 1f£ that’s the way you want it. We might even provide you with a little company on the way up the river, That wife of Luther Coleman's w- What was her name, Snyder? ‘