10) 0) text: An agitated young man, Floyd, weaves his way through the craps and roulette tables, and hustles Up a staircase to a second floor room with a drawing of a snarling tiger on the deor. Below the tiger, the word "FARO" appears. There is a large man, of thuggish demeanor, guarding the door, but Floyd gives him a small hand signal and walks right by him. : , curt To 17
10) 3) dialog: Doyle, can I see you.a minute?
10) 5) dialog: It's important. We had a little trouble in Chicago today. One of our runners got hit for 12 grand. # new man, Mottola. “¢
10) 9) dialog: No’, we checked his story with a tipster. He was cleaned by two grifters on 47th.
10) 11) dialog: I don‘t know. Could be. We're runnin' that down now.
15) 2) dialog: We just talked to Chicago. They got one of the grifters last night. The nigger.
15) 4) dialog: They're still looking for him.
15) 6) dialog: He gave it to Reilly and Cole. LONNEGAN © Hackers.
15) 7) dialog: They staked out the other guy’s Place last night, but he never _-.. Showed, They figure maybe he skipped town. You wanna follow ‘em up? Lonnegan regards Floyd patiently and then pats the bench beside him. Floyd sits gingerly.
25) 0) text: ‘We pick up Lonnegan coming out of his compartment, flank only one bodyguard and Floyd. They start walking single f through the passenger section toward the compartment wher the poker game will be held. Suddenly a drunken woman com staggering around the corner and bumps into him. They. grapple a moment and Lonnegan pushes her away in di
29) 34) dialog: {trying to settle him down) C'mon, Doyle, we'll be in the station in a half hour. So you split with him, You still make a nice hunk on the other guys.
29) 36) dialog: (taking a deck and beginning to sort it) What do ya want Clayton to get?
32) 0) text: Lonnegan sits in a chair smoking, eyeing Floyd coldly. Fl paces in front of him.
32) 1) dialog: Doyle, I know I give him four threes! He had to switch decks. We can't let him get away with that.
32) 11) dialog: Aw, for Christ sake, there were four witnesses at that table....
32) 13) dialog: Doyle, we're gonna be in the station in a minute!
33) 0) text: Driving through the city, the driver and Floyd in front, Hooker and Lonnegan in back. We begin with a twelve block silence, while Lonnegan thinks. Hooker glances out the window from time to time, just.to make sure they're reall going to his place.
44) 21) dialog: (to Lonnegan} He's on his way, Hooker knocks at the door and is admitted by a bedyguard. Lonnegan, wearing a silk bathrobe, is seated at a table counting a pile of money. There are two other assistants behind him, They don't look friendly. .