1) 0) text: Suddenly we are plunged into a room of chattering, clamor people, This is a spot for the numbers racket, a place immune from legal interference, where any sucker can bet on a number between 1 and 1000 in the hope of getting the 600 to 1 payoff that goes to those few who guess right. T bettors are queued up in several lines before a long tabl where they place their bets and are given receipts in ret Others wait at a cashier's window to pick up previous ear ings or to ask fer credit. Mottola moves through the crowd to a back room where bett slips are being sorted and meney counted under the watchf and somewhat impatient gaze of a Supervisor, an older man named Mr. Granger, The Yankee-White Sox game is heard on the radio in the background. “ Mottola, noticing that his entrance has aroused little in est, saunters over to the Phone Girl and gives her a litt pinch on the cheek. The girl slaps his hand away, obvious having been through this before.
1) 3) dialog: Yeh? a
1) 8) dialog: Hell yes. He does this every year. There's nothing to worry about. CcolBSs Okay, finish your count and get it up here as soon as you can. I.don't wanta be here all night.
1) 9) dialog: Believe me, the Man's gonna be real happy. Looks like we cleared over ten grand this veek.
1) 11) dialog: Well, hell, you got the whole Chicago south side. How do ya ex- pect the eight lousy spots I've got to compete with that?
2) 0) text: Granger burns inside. One of the girls who's been sorting and counting hands him a slip of paper. an GRANGER : <I just got the count. We'll put the take on the 4:15. FS
3) 0) text: Granger storming over to a safe and jerking open the door
3) 1) dialog: (snapping) Mottola, Mottola hustles out of his chair.
3) 2) dialog: (handing him a bundle of bills) Take this up to the city on the . 4:15. They'll be waitin' for it. at the clearing house. And don't stop for no ¢rinks. You can get a cab down the street. Mottola takes the money and slips it into his inside coat pocket with all the dramatic flair of the true flunky. No one would ever guess that he was just an overdressed Messenger boy.