49) 0) text: Located across the street from Hooker's apartment buildin Hooker sits alone in a booth, with a plate of ham and egg he's hardly touched. The- two cuts on his face have pretty much stopped bleedi A big fan above the counter area drones away lethargicall it's air stream insufficient to either cool the place or drive out the smell of onions and grease. A waitress, Loretta, emerges from the kitchen and ambles over to Hooker's table, Slim and raven-haired, she manife an indifference bred from years spent delivering things t “" people who are rarely grateful for what she brings. On light scar on her left cheek hints at another side. LORETTA © -You dene? .
49) 2) dialog: (deadpan) It isn't any better.
49) 4) dialog: (figuring up the bill) She don't work here no more. I'm fillin' in for a couple days... till I can get a train outa here.
49) 6) dialog: (putting the check down and walking away) I don't know. Depends what train I get on, Hooker looks for some sign that she's putting him on. He doesn't get it. He takes out some money, drops it on the table and walks out. cuT TO r sk : 101 102 103 $02062 - Rev.°1/9/73 *
64) 28) dialog: . (ringing it up) Sixty-five. : Hooker gives her a dollar. She goes to the register for c
64) 30) dialog: 
65) 0) text: Across the street in a doorway is the silhouette of a man It's Cole. He's pretending not to look at the diner, but Hooker isn't fooled. INT. DINER -—,. He goes back to Loretta at the register.
65) 2) dialog: No. What's wrong with the front?
65) 6) dialog: No.
65) 8) dialog: What the hell for?
65) 10) dialog: What does this guy want?
73) 0) text: It's late now and the street is deserted save for an occa derelict or streetwalker on her way home from a night‘s w We pick up Hooker coming down the street toward his apart building. He walks slowly, almost reluctantly, as if he d care whether he ever got there or not. As he nears his building, he notices Loretta coming out o diner across the street. He stops and watches as she look and disappears into an adjacent building that advertises for rent. After a few seconds, we see a light come on in of its second story windows. Hooker just stands there a second, debating with himself, ing to figure out a reason for doing what he's going to d anyway. We follow him across the street to Loretta's buil
74) 0) text: He goes up the stairs to the room where the light came on passes a couple of derelicts on the way. He knocks twice Loretta answers in her bathrobe. She is more than a littl startled to see him. .
74) 1) dialog: Looks like he missed ya.
74) 3) dialog: Good night, Mrs. Hillard. Mrs, Hillard quickly closes her door.
74) 5) dialog: You move right along, don't ya.
74) 9) dialog: And you expect me to come out, just like that.
74) 11) dialog: (with less resist- "ance now) I don't even know you.
77) 0) text: We open on Hooker in bed, the morning sun streaming in on face. He awakens slowly, looks at the ceiling for a secon and, remembering last night, turns to the side to find th Loretta is no longer there. Still drowsy, he gets out of and looks around the room for a note or some evidence of continued presence. He opens an empty closet, then opens drawers. Finding nothing, he suddenly hits on another pos sibility, and looks.in his wallet. The money is still the Almost disappointed, he slumps down in a chair, as the ha reality of what will happen this day floods back in on hi Music begins and we: _ : , cur To
84) 0) text: The gunman quickly takes out his revolver, braces it in t erook of his hand, and takes careful aim. Loretta sees hi The gunman fires. Loretta falls dead on the asphalt. Hooker spins around in confusion. The gunman moves quickl toward him. Hooker starts to back up but the gunman stops he gets to Loretta. He kicks her over to reveal a gun und her body.