1) 0) text: Suddenly we are plunged into a room of chattering, clamor people, This is a spot for the numbers racket, a place immune from legal interference, where any sucker can bet on a number between 1 and 1000 in the hope of getting the 600 to 1 payoff that goes to those few who guess right. T bettors are queued up in several lines before a long tabl where they place their bets and are given receipts in ret Others wait at a cashier's window to pick up previous ear ings or to ask fer credit. Mottola moves through the crowd to a back room where bett slips are being sorted and meney counted under the watchf and somewhat impatient gaze of a Supervisor, an older man named Mr. Granger, The Yankee-White Sox game is heard on the radio in the background. “ Mottola, noticing that his entrance has aroused little in est, saunters over to the Phone Girl and gives her a litt pinch on the cheek. The girl slaps his hand away, obvious having been through this before.
4) 0) text: Mottola emerges from a side entrance into a narrow alley. He walks briskly down to the end and turns left into a larger alleyway; this one connecting two streets. The all is deserted save for one scruffy, slovenly dressed young stranger coming toward him from the opposite direction. The man carries a battered suitcase and seems to be in a hurry. Suddenly, Mottola hears shouting coming from somewhere behind him. He turns around to see a small, weathered locking thief come racing around the corner and down the alley toward him, frantically pursued by a gray-haired black man. Limping noticeably, the black man manages a few cries for help and then stumbles and falls. The stran yells at Mottola to cover his side of the alley, and then readies himself for the arrival of the thief. Mottola jus stands there, not the least interested in the exercise of justice, Just as the thief is about to run on by, the stranger throws his suitcase at the little man's legs, sending him sprawling and separating him from the wallet he's been carrying in his left hand. The stranger makes a dash for the wallet and kicks it bac to where Mottola is standing. Almost by reflex, Mottola picks it up. The thief scrambles to his feet and starts back toward his new-found enemy, brandishing a knife. Both the stranger and Mottola brace themselves for an attack. The thief. realizing that there are twg people to fight, begins to think better of it. He is not a young man, nor particularly strong.
4) 23) dialog: Hey, butt out, chicken liver. 1 gave him back his wallet, didn’t 1? (te black man) How far is this place?
4) 25) dialog: (taking the bundle of bills from the black man, plus the $100 bill) All right. I°11 make your drop for you, old man. And don't worry, you can trust me.
4) 41) dialog: Thanks. (to the black man) So long, partner, Don't worry, everything's gonna be allright, The Black Man nods gratefully, but there's still a trace worry on his face. Mottola trots off down the alley and out onto the street, glancing around cautiously for signs trouble, He walks hurriedly down the sidewalk toward the cab stand in the distance. Suddenly the little man with the knife appears out of a doorway about 15 yards behind Mottola notices him and quickens his pace, finally breaki into a dead run. . : We follow him as he dashes headlong down the street, open a big lead on the guy with the knife, He reaches the taxi zone. He hops in a cab and slams the door.
5) 2) dialog: Which way is Mason?
5) 4) dialog: Okay, go north. The Joliet Station -- Fast. Mottola settles back in his seat and starts to leugh.
5) 6) dialog: I just made the world's easiest five grand. :
9) 1) text: They found Mottola. He was drunk in a dive in Joliet.. Never-got’ on the train. Ss