12) 4) dialog: Who are you?
12) 7) dialog: Did the doctor bring you?
12) 9) dialog: Have you come from the sea?
12) 11) dialog: (brightly) Oh yes, New York! That is another island!
12) 13) dialog: One... two... three... four... five! You're a Five Man! Prendick looks at her in bewilderment.
12) 15) dialog: Pren-Dick.
12) 17) dialog: You have small hands. It is good. He looks with real interest at Aissa, and at that moment comes something like a low GROWL from behind him. He turn Azazello and M'Ling (who has changed into white coat) eme the study with his breakfast and a steaming pot of coffee serving trays. Aissa draws away from them.
12) 22) dialog: Your hands are so beautiful. Prendick is charmed by this, amused, and quite turned on.
12) 25) dialog: My father brought me here when I was very young.
12) 27) dialog: Father says I was born in Suva.
12) 30) dialog: They need me now. I have to rehearse.
12) 32) dialog: Alice in Wonderland. I'm Alice. She slips away, her movements swift yet strangely gracefu bare feet making scarcely a sound as she pads across the Prendick looks after her, fascinated. Exiting through the study door she almost collides with M who glances amusedly from her to Prendick, a smoldering j poised between his thumb and forefinger.
12) 33) text: Well, I see we're getting acquainted. (He sighs.) Lovely thing, little Aissa. Montgomery offers the joint to Prendick, who declines it.
12) 55) dialog: "And thou hast slain the Jabberwock? Come to my arms, my beamish boy O Frabjous day! Callooh! Callay!" He chortled in his joy. Prendick looks across at Aissa and their gaze meets for a before she returns her eyes to the page, reading artlessl placing odd stresses on phrases that were never meant to stressed.
12) 56) dialog: "Twas brillig and the slithy toves Did gyre and gimble on the wabe; All mimsy were the borogroves, and the mome raths outgrabe. As she finishes M'Ling crosses to her holding his hands l rabbit and mustering a rabbit like expression in his face
12) 57) dialog: (acting anxious) Oh, Rabbit, it's so hard to understand, but it seems somebody killed something. M'Ling mimes removing a watch from his vest.
19) 1) text: Moreau! As he starts toward the huts Aissa emerges from the shado porch. Knowing his purpose, she takes his arm.
19) 2) dialog: Oh no, please! You can't!
19) 4) dialog: It's forbidden to go there!
19) 6) dialog: No Prendick! You can't go there! It's the House of Pain!
21) 0) text: As Prendick backs out the door he is touched from behind who startles him. He spins and nearly swings on her with She cowers. Prendick reaches out and takes her wrist. Aissa stares at him wide eyed as he pulls her away from t
23) 0) text: Prendick leads Aissa to an area of tropical overgrowth ne main house.
23) 2) dialog: I can't help you! You've broken the Law!
23) 4) dialog: I don't know what to do. He's my father! I'm afraid... She takes Prendick's hand, holds it.
24) 1) dialog: Where can we go? They'll find us.
24) 3) dialog: To the sea? You'll take me with you? Prendick looks at her for a moment.
24) 5) dialog: To New York? Prendick almost smiles at her innocence.
24) 8) dialog: In that shed. Prendick is about to start towards the shed when the SOUN A TANNOY comes drifting down the beach followed by the lo a diesel engine. The two sleeping figures beside the camp starting to their feet and coming to attention.
24) 13) dialog: The village. The men there will know what to do.
24) 15) dialog: They are good. You can trust them. Still not totally convinced he can trust her, Prendick fo Aissa, weaving through the undergrowth as they climb the densely forested ridge. Prendick glances around at the ve the rustling and scurrying of myriad unseen lives. They emerge from the trees onto the bank of a shallow str Aissa freezes suddenly in fear. A naked MAN, his skin covered in patches of spotted fur, on all fours beside the stream, supping up water like an senses their presence and glances up guiltily, his eyes g once to Prendick. He starts to his feet, wiping his mouth Prendick sees his lips are rimmed with blood. Prendick takes a step towards him, looking him steadfastl eye, clutching the baseball bat with both his hands.
24) 17) dialog: He's a bad one, that man. He's broken the Law. He's going back to the House of Pain. A staghound BAYS from somewhere behind them and Prendick her uneasily. Aissa darts forward once more, beckoning fo follow her. She sets off swiftly through the trees, moving at such a that Prendick has to struggle hard to keep up with her.
24) 18) dialog: Quicker, you have to run. At length they come to an open space in the forest and Ai once more to let him catch up. Ahead in the center of the surrounding the fungoid ruins of a huge, fallen tree are TAILED FIGURES, more like attenuated sloths walking on th legs than men, their naked bodies covered in a fine silve their long necks surmounted by odd chinless faces and eye dark pools of honey. They are engaged in picking some kind of fruit, pulling d prickly husks from the trees and scooping out the fleshy Prendick looks questioningly at Aissa.
24) 19) dialog: The Silent Ones. They were the first of his children but he didn't give them speech. Prendick is about to return his attention to the creature clearing when a FIGURE in a bright Hawaiian shirt steps f surrounding undergrowth.
24) 27) dialog: He's a Five Man like you! She takes Prendick's hand and holds it out so Assassimon Assassimon counts Prendick's fingers carefully, holding o for comparison.
24) 29) dialog: See, you're alright here. You'll be safe with me. Prendick turns to Aissa and takes her hand.
25) 0) text: Drawing nearer, Prendick sees that a small village of woo shanties and lean-tos made from matted palm fans is hidde the volcanic boulders. Several of the villagers come sham their hovels to watch them as they enter the ravine and a deformed, dog-like children follow jibing at their heels. The walls of the ravine shelter are a wasp's nest of more mud-walled homes and it is into the doorway of one of tho Assassimon disappears. Prendick glances around, wrinkling his nose at the pungen The ground is covered with decaying fruit pulp and other the air here is thick with smoke. Something brushes his leg and he starts violently down to pinkish thing resembling a flayed looking child pawing at trousers. Assassimon reappears, and Aissa tugs him by the arm.
25) 1) dialog: Here. This is our home now.
25) 3) dialog: What is wrong?
26) 7) dialog: He's new. He came on the ship.
27) 5) dialog: Get away from him! He's mine! Prendick looks back at her uneasily, catching an unmistak gleam in her eyes. There is a lull in the clamoring and t of the Law calls attention by banging his fetish staff ag rocks.
28) 7) text: He looks with incredible severity at Aissa. She looks imp back.
28) 8) dialog: Father, please... Moreau smiles tenderly at her, then turns sharply away. Hands clutch at Prendick. He pitches headlong through the tackles Montgomery, both of them going down almost beneat horse's hooves, grappling desperately for the gun.
30) 0) text: Prendick splashes across the delta and does not stop runn he is up to his knees in salt water, staring out at the s and the unreachable horizon. He turns westward, stumbling water's edge. Then, suddenly, far in front of him, he sees figures emer the rainforest. Moreau on his horse, then Montgomery, the the Dog Men with their snapping charges. They see him and advancing. Prendick starts to turn only to see a posse of villagers from the tree line behind him to cut him off. He looks towards the horizon once more and, having nowher left, wades straight out into the water. Moreau addresses him from the water's edge. Aissa stands beside him, frightened and confused.
35) 0) text: Prendick is on his bed watching a small portable TV on th table. Aissa steps silently into the room. Apparently uni in the TV, she watches Prendick.
35) 2) dialog: Are you sad, Prendick?
35) 4) dialog: Sad about what has happened in the world you came from.
35) 6) dialog: It doesn't matter what happens out there. Aissa smiles and gently rubs the back of his hand against cheek.
35) 7) dialog: Is there some one you miss?
35) 9) dialog: And you no longer wish to runaway... to New York? Prendick looks into her eyes.
35) 11) dialog: Even if you don't run away, you will go someday and leave me.
35) 13) dialog: That was only to get me to help you. That was a lie. Seeing her, feeling her caress, Prendick is very aroused. gently cups her chin then gently draws her lips to a tend Their lips part and Prendick whispers softly.
37) 2) dialog: I don't know!
37) 4) dialog: I don't remember her... He took me away from her when I was born. He said she was from Fiji. For an instant her pointed ears are revealed, she shakes hair down over her shoulders, covering them. She looks do nervously.
37) 5) dialog: Why do you ask me this? Prendick says nothing.
37) 6) dialog: I'm as human as you are! Prendick looks at her, unable to eliminate the question o origins from his mind.
37) 9) dialog: He will never use me like he has used the others. If I am ever pregnant it will be by you. Off Prendick's look.
39) 10) dialog: (slightly cool) Thank you, father. Aissa seats herself at the table, her eyes downcast.
39) 25) dialog: Lo-Mai! It was Lo-Mai who drank from the stream.
39) 27) dialog: (fiercely, rapidly, under her breath like a catechism) Punishment is swift and sure! stares at her.
40) 1) dialog: Why do you look at me like that?
40) 3) dialog: You mustn't trust them... They are bad men.
40) 7) dialog: They will not let you leave, ever. They will use you. They use everyone.
40) 9) dialog: M'ling knows...
41) 5) text: And Aissa.
42) 0) text: Aissa is waiting for Prendick in the shadows beside the d approaches, she glances up at him, her eyes study glisten
42) 1) dialog: What did he tell you?
42) 3) dialog: Montgomery. What did he say about me?
42) 5) dialog: He told you I'm one of them, didn't he? Prendick looks hard at her.
42) 6) dialog: Some kind of animal. Aissa makes a movement that is terrifyingly cat-like, her flying towards Prendick's face. He grabs her wrists. She instantly.
42) 8) dialog: We can steal the launch.
42) 10) dialog: I can get food. There's diesel in the storeroom. Tomorrow night there will be big screen after the play. Everyone will be there. That would be the time. Aissa touches the remote on a CD and the romantic ballad earlier begins.
42) 11) dialog: Stay with me tonight, Prendick... (She takes his hand.) My Five Man. We still have time. She moves closer. Prendick touches her face, and she draw gently into her embrace.
42) 12) dialog: Dance with me. Nothing else matters now. And for a while they dance together in the narrow puddle at one end of the long verandah. The power of Aissa's clo physical presence seems to overwhelm Prendick's concern; into her eyes with an intensity and tenderness that seems his control. Slowly, he surrenders to it; with one hand h strokes her hair, lifts her head back and kisses her soft deeply, while beyond in the tropical night, the howling o great, unseen beast rises now to greet the moon.
46) 0) text: Aissa sits in front of the dressing table mirror. She clo examines her face. She appears distressed as her finger t small cluster of catlike whiskers that has begun to grow cheek. She frowns and picks up a heavy tweezer. In what is obvio painful she plucks them out, then daubs away a spot of bl tissue. There comes a knock at the door and she turns with a star The door opens a crack to admit Waggdi's snout.
46) 2) dialog: Thank you, Waggdi.
47) 0) text: A performance of "Alice" is under way before a small crow Sayer of the Law in his Moreau mask is shaking his rattle Azazello who crouches on his haunches before the small po screen from the Nissan hut. Aissa faces Azazello whose face is painted in a Cheshire grin. Prendick looks on from the back of the crowd.
47) 1) dialog: What sort of people live here?
47) 3) dialog: But I don't want to go among mad people.
47) 5) dialog: How do you know that I'm mad?
49) 0) text: Prendick and Aissa standing at one end of the lon talkin voices as Prendick checks their bundles.
49) 1) dialog: How was I?
49) 3) dialog: And how many Alices have you seen? He holds her by the shoulders.
52) 0) text: Prendick and Aissa struggle with jerry cans of diesel to flatbed truck. When they have humped the last of the cans goes to the cab. Aissa stands watch beside the open door as Prendick puts beneath the dashboard of the flatbed. There are sparks as hot wiring the truck. There is a low GROWL and the flatbed RUMBLES into life ca Prendick to sit up too suddenly, banging his head on the
52) 10) dialog: Hold still. Aissa presses her hands against Prendick's forehead. There is a CLATTER OF HOOVES and Moreau goes riding past white horse, hunting rifle slung over one shoulder, a pac BARKING Dog Men brandishing cattle prods following at his sees Montgomery attending to Prendick.
53) 0) text: Montgomery and Aissa lower Prendick onto the bed. He is naked now, sweat standing out on his forehead, his arm swathed in bandages. He tries to open his eyes, winci blinded by the yellow flare of the paraffin lamp.
53) 3) dialog: Sleep, Prendick. My poor Five-Man. I will make you well. Sleep... Aissa lies beside him, forming herself cat-like against h He slowly draws an arm over her.
56) 0) text: THUNDER crashes outside and warm rain squalls against the Aissa turns over, kissing Prendick on the forehead. He opens his eyes and she smiles at him. He looks at her, and his eyes widen. Some strange reversion has begun; The imperfect upper-lip become exaggerated, and a distinct fur-like down appeared her face, but she is nonetheless still beautiful. Prendick stares. She draws him close and he kisses her ag face is guided by her hands down to her breasts. His lips nipples and she twists with arousal, then she guides his further down her body to another set of breasts, vestigia that have erupted on the smooth skin of her torso. Prendick reacts, balancing on a knife edge of revulsion a then he gives in to the latter, kissing wildly at her fer mammaries, aroused beyond any point of return. Again, louder, there comes the sound of THUNDER.
58) 0) text: A violent storm lashes the island. A WAILING procession o Folk, led by the Sayer of the Law, trudge slowly through driving rain, their heads bowed as they bear Moreau back house, his body held aloft, his arms outstretched as if c his head tilted back, rain falling in his sightless eyes washing the blood from his face in pink rivulets. Montgomery stands waiting for them on the front lawn, his twisted in despair. Behind him Prendick comes slowly down the driveway, suppo Aissa. He is barefoot, dressed only in a blanket and a da flannel trousers.
59) 0) text: The rain has stopped now but the sky is still dark and th The remaining Dog Men, under the command of M'Ling are bu a pyre of brushwood and broken furniture. Moreau's body, a pristine white suit and garlanded with flowers, is laid pallet at the top of the pyre. Aissa kneels beside him now and places his Panama hat on Prendick watches her closely, almost desperately, for a s human grief. Tears start down Aissa's cheeks. Prendick looks on, moved
62) 0) text: Prendick, Aissa, and the remaining Beast People, still l Moreau, stand ringed around the pyre. For a moment they'r motionless, their heads bowed in a prayer, then Prendick lighted torch into the brushwood at the base of the mound flames begin to climb hungrily around Moreau's body. The congregation remains silent, watching until More au's bod is lost in flame and smoke. Prendick turns to Aissa now, seeing her eyes glinting lik animal's in the firelight.
62) 1) dialog: Will we go now?
62) 3) dialog: I know, Prendick. I know what is happening to me... I can feel it.
62) 5) dialog: Yes, it matters.
62) 7) dialog: (apprehensive) Where are you going?
65) 0) text: Aissa crosses the hallway on her way to her room. There is a sudden rattle of automatic GUNFIRE followed by peal of raucous LAUGHTER from the direction of the study stiffens, drawing back against the wall with a HISS. Azazello appears now in the study door, clutching a bottl brandy, the other two Dog Men following him at a pace.
71) 1) text: Aissa! Then his eyes to adjust to the smoke-filled room and what seems to rob him of what little sanity he has left. Aissa's body lies on the dining table, her entire torso a wound, Azazello and the Dog Men sitting around her, as if feed on her flesh. Prendick reacts with a bellow of primal rage. He raises h blasts at the Dog Men. One is struck in the head. Another when he runs for the door. Wounded, he runs yelping to a where other shots bring him down. Prendick turns the gun on Azazello who glares at him with menace. He pulls the trigger but the chamber CLICKS on em Azazello turns with a SHRIEK and throws himself through t rear window, fleeing YELPING into the night. Prendick stands over Aissa, beyond grief, beyond any emot Taking the compass from her fingers, he holds her hand, a flames move across the walls around him.