24) 20) dialog: You! You! You! You! The furry figures in the glade take fright and go sloping the trees. Prendick turns to face the newcomer, a curious individual with long forearms and a heavy brow overshadow bright, curious eyes.
24) 21) dialog: You. In the boat.
24) 23) dialog: You play ball with us now? Prendick glances awkwardly at the bat he's holding.
24) 24) dialog: Can you hit the ball?
24) 26) dialog: It's good. We need a power hitter very much to hit the long ball. (Smiling conspiratorially) I am the pitcher. My name is Assassimon.
24) 28) dialog: It is very good! We must tell Kiril! He swings around, gesturing for them to follow and then g trotting off, his hands hanging down and his jaw thrust f
25) 0) text: Drawing nearer, Prendick sees that a small village of woo shanties and lean-tos made from matted palm fans is hidde the volcanic boulders. Several of the villagers come sham their hovels to watch them as they enter the ravine and a deformed, dog-like children follow jibing at their heels. The walls of the ravine shelter are a wasp's nest of more mud-walled homes and it is into the doorway of one of tho Assassimon disappears. Prendick glances around, wrinkling his nose at the pungen The ground is covered with decaying fruit pulp and other the air here is thick with smoke. Something brushes his leg and he starts violently down to pinkish thing resembling a flayed looking child pawing at trousers. Assassimon reappears, and Aissa tugs him by the arm.
26) 3) dialog: It is a man! Look, it is a man!
27) 14) dialog: None escape! See, I did a wrong thing once, it was a little thing... I jabbered... I stopped talking. No one could understand me. Look! (He holds out his hand.) I am burned, branded here on the hand. And now I talk! He is great! He is good!
27) 17) dialog: None escape! Suddenly, there the SOUND OF GUNFIRE is heard outside. A starts amongst those assembled and above their voices Pre hears the distant BAYING of staghounds.
27) 18) dialog: He's coming! He’s coming! There is a cacophonic CLASH OF PERCUSSION from the upper and the entire congregation starts towards the door at on furry tumult of struggling, misshapen forms, almost tramp Prendick underfoot. He swiftly loses sight of Kiril and Aissa, allowing the c suck him towards the door, hearing now the SOUND of the l come from somewhere outside.
58) 13) text: Come with me! We must bring his old body up to the big house. Then he'll tell us what to do. He motions for them to follow, setting off at the head of procession. Reluctantly, Assassimon joins them.
74) 0) text: The SOUND of the HORN rises once more into the morning ai Prendick, M'Ling, Assassimon and two of the remaining eld on the rostrum, Azazello bound and kneeling at their feet The rest of the islanders gather uneasily before them. Th fewer than thirty of them left.
74) 5) dialog: Back to the House of Pain! Back to the House of Pain! The congregation takes up the chant, their voices swelli Prendick stares in cold fury as Azazello slinks forward c and very frightened. He kneels before Prendick, who touch head with barely-controlled hatred.
78) 3) text: Moreau's horse has been employed in dragging logs down fr rainforest to where M'Ling and Prendick are shaping them makeshift axes. Assassimon sits nearby, emptying barrels of diesel into t There follows a MONTAGE of activity as the raft slowly ta Assassimon rigging its sails as it lies at berth next to while Prendick and M'Ling load it with supplies.
78) 7) dialog: He is going! He is good! He is going! He is great! Prendick strikes an offshore current, unfurling a bright homespun from the mast, a gaudy representation of The Tre painted in its center. The wind fills the sail and he adj tillers, turning the raft's prow towards the open sea. M'Ling sits down, his big feet dangling over the edge of looking a little dejected, watching until Prendick is far