10) 16) dialog: Sair, you want breakfast? Azazello Azazello the rest
10) 18) dialog: (snickering nastily) No bacon here. No eggs.
10) 20) dialog: Fruit and granola?
10) 22) dialog: Yaba daba doo! turns away and follows Moreau toward the big house passin of the group who are loading the flatbed now with the caged animals from the boat. Montgomery, who has been supervising the islanders, break from his work and comes over to Prendick.
12) 18) dialog: Your breakfast, Sair.
12) 20) dialog: Yes, Sair. Azazello and M'Ling lay his breakfast on a nearby table w keeps a cautious distance. There is an unmistakable tensi her and Azazello. Prendick sits down and pours himself a coffee, motioning to join him once M'Ling and Azazello have withdrawn to th
17) 0) text: In the dim light of morning, Azazello is cutting up the s gutted rabbit which bears a disturbing resemblance to the Prendick's nightmare. The kitchen courtyard is an area nearly touched by the su growth of the jungle. As Azazello works he reacts to an a movement in the surrounding brush. A vague shadowy face a staring at the preparation of the meat.
17) 1) dialog: Get away! Azazello pitches a stone. The face disappears and the cre retreats noisily into the brush.
28) 0) text: Prendick bursts blinking into the daylight, the last stra the congregation still lurching past him to join the crow gathering at the mouth of the canyon. Prendick pushes through them, peering over the hunched s and pointed ears to see a nightmarish procession approach It is led by Moreau, cantering astride the horse, his awf shadowed by the brim of his Panama hat, a bullwhip in his hunting rifle in a scabbard, the villagers supplicating t before him, throwing dust over their heads and laying pal before the horse's hooves as he rides into the settlement is flanked by a retinue of DOG MEN who carry whips as wel M'Ling, Waggdi and Azazello, who control the leashes of t snarling staghounds. Montgomery walks sullenly behind them, a gun in one hand loud hailer in the other. Prendick turns to see that his way back through the canyo blocked by more of the villagers. He ducks down, trying t himself in the crowd. Beyond the huts the wall of the rainforest is tantalizing yet hopelessly far away. Moreau is almost parallel with h his eyes like splinters of ice as he surveys the crowd. B Montgomery raises the loud hailer.
43) 0) text: Moreau's flag, the emblem of the Tree of Life, billows ag blazing blue sky. The sound of a HORN; followed by a moun CLAMOR of bestial voices. Moreau stands on a wooden rostrum beneath the flagpole th raised to his lips, Prendick, Montgomery, and M'Ling flan Waggdi, Azazello and the other Dog Men are posted around of the rostrum on crowd control duty. At the sound of the horn, the Beast Folk bow on their kne elbows and begin flinging dust over their heads. Montgome clipboard in hand, checks them off one by one.
43) 21) dialog: (pathetically, eagerly) Back to the House of Pain! Back to the House of Pain! Moreau turns his attention to Lo-Mai once more.
43) 28) dialog: Hallelujah! Assassimon, the Hyena-Swine and the Chimaera standing wit looking on with undisguised hatred now. Prendick looks in mounting horror from Azazello, who is a bending over Lo-Mai's twitching body as if excited by the his blood, to Moreau who stands over them, the smoking gu hand, his white suit specked with blood, his eyes filled fire, the VOICES of the chanting congregation rising arou
43) 31) text: Prendick stands waist-high in a field of marijuana plants as the ball game gets under way on the front lawn, Assass coming up to bat. Beside him, Azazello and Montgomery, hi hair tied back by a greasy bandana, are busy watering the There is a CRACK of wood against horsehide, followed by a spattering of APPLAUSE and Montgomery glances up in time Monkey Man reaching first base. Montgomery plucks a joint from his bandana and fires it u
43) 45) dialog: Yes, yes, most certainly so, Master. Azazello passes the joint to the Hyena-Swine.
47) 0) text: A performance of "Alice" is under way before a small crow Sayer of the Law in his Moreau mask is shaking his rattle Azazello who crouches on his haunches before the small po screen from the Nissan hut. Aissa faces Azazello whose face is painted in a Cheshire grin. Prendick looks on from the back of the crowd.
47) 4) dialog: Can't be helped. We're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad. There are some nervous giggles from the audience.
47) 6) dialog: You must be or you wouldn't have come. Aissa looks to Prendick, catching his eye for a moment. H at her. Azazello notices the interchange, and smiles obsc within the exaggerated Cheshire smile. His next line carr trace of menace.
47) 7) dialog: This place demands madness.
50) 0) text: A screen is set up for a CD ROM projection system. Azazello punches a keyboard and shouts.
50) 1) dialog: Yaba daba doo! The "animated" Fred Flintsone appears on the screen and e shout which is then excitedly repeated by the gathering. reacts to something off screen, Azazello pushes another k A colorized clip from the film "Blonde Venus.' A dancing the stage of a thirties nightclub. The audience GASPS in awe as the gorilla delicately remov head, revealing itself to be Marlene Dietrich. Then, befo widening eyes, she strips off the rest of her gorilla sui launches into a song called "Hot Voodoo." The beast peopl transfixed. Giggling with barely contained excitement, Azazello punch at a keyboard and— Godzilla appears. To gasps and applause he begins destroy
55) 6) dialog: If he bleeds he can die.
64) 0) text: Azazello unbolts the gun locker and opens it up to displa contents to his fellow conspirators: the Hyena-Swine, a b black Boar Man and a pair of the surviving Dog Men who st waiter's coats. Behind them, the rest of the room is alre chaos as several of the Beast People root through Moreau' flinging the books from the shelves, the unleashed parrot wildly around their heads. The Hyena-Swine hefts a Kalash eyes glowing in anticipation.
65) 0) text: Aissa crosses the hallway on her way to her room. There is a sudden rattle of automatic GUNFIRE followed by peal of raucous LAUGHTER from the direction of the study stiffens, drawing back against the wall with a HISS. Azazello appears now in the study door, clutching a bottl brandy, the other two Dog Men following him at a pace.
65) 1) dialog: Trip-trap, trip-trap... and where are you going in the woods today, little girl? Aissa edges towards the door but the Dog Men cut her off.
65) 2) dialog: Looking for your five-finger man? He can't help you. There are no masters anymore. He advances and she raises a hand as if to strike him. He extend from her fingertips and her eyes glint in the fire hair on her back raises as she emits a long catlike hiss.
65) 3) dialog: Nicely now little kitten-Aissa or I'll hurt you. Remember how the master hurt me? Oh, how he whipped me. He gives an oily CHUCKLE, his voice becoming a growl.
65) 4) dialog: But he spared your soft skin. One of the Dog Men reaches out to grab her hair and she b teeth in a feral snarl. Lashing out at Azazello, her claw face nearly blinding him. Azazello stumbles back with a canine yelp, pawing at his other two Dog Men lunge at her, the blood lust rising in eyes. Aissa turns. Finding no way out of the room she leaps tow curtains. Locking her claws in the heavy material, she sc toward the valence while the Dog Men try to grab her and back. She tries to reach the large chandelier, but the curtain and valence give way and she falls back toward the floor; in mid- fall she twists catlike to land on all fours ina crouch. A low threatening growl boils from her throat as she face and the Dog Men, holding them at bay like a cornered cat maneuver cautiously to surround her. Suddenly, with a shriek she springs at Azazello. Her claw with lightening speed at his face while he staggers back. goes into his coat and he pulls an automatic. As Aissa claws for his throat, he shoots her at zero rang is a deafening concussion. Her eyes widen, revealing the of her rage as she convulses with the impact.
71) 1) text: Aissa! Then his eyes to adjust to the smoke-filled room and what seems to rob him of what little sanity he has left. Aissa's body lies on the dining table, her entire torso a wound, Azazello and the Dog Men sitting around her, as if feed on her flesh. Prendick reacts with a bellow of primal rage. He raises h blasts at the Dog Men. One is struck in the head. Another when he runs for the door. Wounded, he runs yelping to a where other shots bring him down. Prendick turns the gun on Azazello who glares at him with menace. He pulls the trigger but the chamber CLICKS on em Azazello turns with a SHRIEK and throws himself through t rear window, fleeing YELPING into the night. Prendick stands over Aissa, beyond grief, beyond any emot Taking the compass from her fingers, he holds her hand, a flames move across the walls around him.
74) 0) text: The SOUND of the HORN rises once more into the morning ai Prendick, M'Ling, Assassimon and two of the remaining eld on the rostrum, Azazello bound and kneeling at their feet The rest of the islanders gather uneasily before them. Th fewer than thirty of them left.
74) 7) dialog: (looking imploringly at Prendick) Back to the House of Pain! Back to the House of Pain! He tries to lick Prendick's hand. Prendick puts the gun t Azazello's head and the Dog Man whimpers. The gun jumps, spitting fire, and Azazello falls, blood j from his temple. The audience falls silent.