26) 1) dialog: Hey! Assassimon stands in the dim light of the doorway and hol split coconut to Prendick as he crawls into the other cor crouch beside Aissa. The little pink Sloth Creature stand in from the aperture, and something else with a drab face bright eyes comes to stare over its shoulder.
26) 2) dialog: Hey!
26) 4) dialog: Shut up. Kiril pulls himself upright, his head brushing the ceilin him to hold his huge, bearish frame in a melancholic stoo He peers short-sightedly down at Prendick who looks him i in as friendly a manner as he can muster. Kiril rummages shadows beside his bed and produces a battered portable s
26) 8) dialog: Then you must learn the Law.
26) 10) dialog: (dismissive) That way... Kiril turns and motions towards a passageway leading deep the hillside.
26) 11) dialog: Through there...Go! Prendick starts forward with trepidation.
27) 0) text: With Kiril showing the way, they enter a corridor that wi grows gradually brighter, letting out into a huge, natura lit by a fissure open to the sky. The galleries of the cave are lined with crouching FIGURE eyes glinting in the half light, their outlines made hazy greasy smoke rising from the embers of a fire on the floo Prendick sees now that the walls of the cave are covered elaborate paintings. Innumerable twisted stick figures da the rock faces, rising from four legs to two, from beast encircling on the far wall a huge rendition of the Tree o the spiralling ladder of the D.N.A. double helices. The bear man turns now towards Prendick, who stands awest
27) 1) dialog: This is the House of the Law. I am the Keeper of the Way. Only a few can ever enter here. Kiril takes down a conch shell that hangs beside the ent placing it to his lips, blows a mighty BLAST, setting off MURMURING that ripples throughout the cavern. A FIGURE appears now before the painted helices, stepping shaft of light that falls from the crevice high above. A figure in a stained white suit and battered Panama hat wh holding a grisly fetish staff.
27) 4) dialog: A Five Man, from the sea! He's come to hear the Law! At this, a sudden clamoring of pipes and drums comes from gallery above and several of the shadowy figures closest turn towards Prendick, crowding around him, touching his clothes, taking him by the hands and dragging him further chamber. A corpulent SOW LADY, her heavy thighs painted with grey approaches him, draping a garland of wild flowers around She makes as if to embrace him, and he recoils in revulsi Aissa lashes out at her, forcing her to withdraw.
27) 7) dialog: Say it.
27) 9) dialog: Repeat the law.
43) 33) dialog: Hail, to the Other with the whip.
43) 36) dialog: The Third with the whip, he that walks weeping into the sea, has a long thin face.
43) 38) dialog: Yesterday he bled and wept.
43) 46) dialog: The Law says you must not destroy life.
43) 48) dialog: None must not take another life but you... By the water...You.
58) 11) dialog: Fear the Law! There is a flicker of lightning and the Beast People look to the sky. Assassimon stares in terrible suspicion and uncertainty.
58) 12) dialog: He is great, He is good!
66) 3) dialog: Who are you that I should bow to you? We are brothers. He turns to face the congregation.
66) 4) dialog: Children of the Law, we must stand firm. We must uphold the Law and work together now. We must rule with love, not hate. We are brothers, all of us. The Hyena-Swine switches the Kalashnikov onto single fire shoots Kiril in the back. He pitches forward. The congregation GASPS. The Hyena-Swine CHUCKLES, slides in a new banana clip. Some of the Beast People start to shout now, falling to their knees and wringing their hands.