6) 0) text: Prendick glances about the freighter deck, blinking in th sunshine, not prepared by the SOUNDS for what he sees. The whole deck is littered with scraps of carrots, shreds stuff and indescribable filth. All along the starboard bulwark are big hutches filled wi and there is a solitary llama squeezed into a cage forwar number of grisly staghounds are fastened to the rail by m chains and in the center of the deck a huge black leopard cramped in a small iron cage. A short FIGURE (M'LING) sit the cage. There is something particularly arresting about M'Ling's slightest elongation of his features and an almost feral that informs his expression. He gets to his feet and starts suddenly towards Prendick, glow of excitement in his face. Prendick takes a step backwards and almost bumps into Mon who has appeared from the hatchway behind him and who now past to come between Prendick and M'Ling. M'Ling steps back as if afraid.
6) 2) dialog: They... won't have me forward... They say I disturb the animals.
10) 0) text: Several LOCALS have assembled on the narrow jetty to meet launch, some of them hopping up and down in undisguised e One of the boathands throws a rope ashore and the launch engines and makes fast. Prendick steps ashore, looking dazedly about himself as t begin to unload, jabbering excitedly in their curious gut voices, Montgomery and Moreau shouting the occasional com the clamor of the staghounds. The island has the immediate lush beauty of all tropical islands. Birds call melodically from the surrounding lush vegetation, giving one the impression that life teems jus view. Prendick hears the SOUND of a grumbling engine and looks a battered military flatbed come bouncing down the narrow that connects the jetty with a fenced compound on the rid overlooking the beach. At the center of the compound is an old colonial-style bu a cluster of Nissan huts painted in a manner reminiscent camouflage or Aboriginal art. Beyond the roofs of the Nis Prendick can see the top of a radio mast and two rusting dishes. The main house is surrounded by a wide lawn enclosed by a fence. At the bottom of the lawn is a wooden rostrum over the compound gate and a flagpole from the top of which f emblem of the Tree of Life. M'Ling passes him now, bearing a packing case and talking enthusiastically with one of his fellow BEARERS, a man wi doglike features who wears a white jacket. He looks again to the beach and sees Moreau approaching h expression benign but formal.
10) 7) dialog: Father... I am so glad to see you again. Moreau pats M'Ling's arm and then incredibly the manserva the doctor's hand and kisses it.
12) 29) dialog: Aissa! Aissa shoots Prendick a swift, somewhat coquettish glance
12) 45) text: Your assistant, M'Ling. There's something kind of... His ears are strange... they're sort of pointed.
12) 58) dialog: By my ears and whiskers I'm late, I'm late. The Duchess will be in such a state...
28) 0) text: Prendick bursts blinking into the daylight, the last stra the congregation still lurching past him to join the crow gathering at the mouth of the canyon. Prendick pushes through them, peering over the hunched s and pointed ears to see a nightmarish procession approach It is led by Moreau, cantering astride the horse, his awf shadowed by the brim of his Panama hat, a bullwhip in his hunting rifle in a scabbard, the villagers supplicating t before him, throwing dust over their heads and laying pal before the horse's hooves as he rides into the settlement is flanked by a retinue of DOG MEN who carry whips as wel M'Ling, Waggdi and Azazello, who control the leashes of t snarling staghounds. Montgomery walks sullenly behind them, a gun in one hand loud hailer in the other. Prendick turns to see that his way back through the canyo blocked by more of the villagers. He ducks down, trying t himself in the crowd. Beyond the huts the wall of the rainforest is tantalizing yet hopelessly far away. Moreau is almost parallel with h his eyes like splinters of ice as he surveys the crowd. B Montgomery raises the loud hailer.
38) 0) text: Like characters from a Conrad novel, Montgomery and Morea finishing drinks. M'Ling comes out with a tray. As he tak their glasses, Moreau preps a cheroot.
41) 0) text: M'Ling sits hunched over a two-way radio, wearing an ill- set of headphones and barking into the transmitter.
41) 1) dialog: This is Biostation Echo Rio Delta calling on all channels. Come in? Is anyone receiving me? Prendick, seated beside him waits, but nothing comes. Ais from the background.
41) 2) dialog: There's nothing but static. Been that way for five days. Montgomery's voice suddenly booms from the back of the sh
43) 0) text: Moreau's flag, the emblem of the Tree of Life, billows ag blazing blue sky. The sound of a HORN; followed by a moun CLAMOR of bestial voices. Moreau stands on a wooden rostrum beneath the flagpole th raised to his lips, Prendick, Montgomery, and M'Ling flan Waggdi, Azazello and the other Dog Men are posted around of the rostrum on crowd control duty. At the sound of the horn, the Beast Folk bow on their kne elbows and begin flinging dust over their heads. Montgome clipboard in hand, checks them off one by one.
59) 0) text: The rain has stopped now but the sky is still dark and th The remaining Dog Men, under the command of M'Ling are bu a pyre of brushwood and broken furniture. Moreau's body, a pristine white suit and garlanded with flowers, is laid pallet at the top of the pyre. Aissa kneels beside him now and places his Panama hat on Prendick watches her closely, almost desperately, for a s human grief. Tears start down Aissa's cheeks. Prendick looks on, moved
60) 21) text: You know, man, you've got no view. With you it's all survival. We're right on the edge here, and I ain't gonna miss it may be dead tomorrow, but I'm gonna live it up tonight. He turns and goes out into the moonlight. M'Ling, who is waiting outside, rises to meet him.
68) 0) text: Things have started to slip at the beach party. Several of the Beast Folk lie shaking on the sand, gripp epileptic seizures, while one of the Cat People has torn own eyes and sits screaming beside the projector. The fla stuck in the sand, smoke pouring out of it, M'Ling limpin towards the fire in open embarrassment. Montgomery stands naked in the midst of the admiring Chim staring back towards the big house, his attention drawn b sound of GUNFIRE.
68) 2) dialog: Master! M'Ling steps towards Montgomery but the Bison Man cuts hi striking the Dog Man over the head with an empty bottle.
73) 0) text: Prendick stands watching the rising sun. He seems transfo grief and by his exposure to horror. The big house is bur behind him. Montgomery's remains are at his feet covered blood-soaked blanket. M'Ling kneels beside him, weeping.
73) 1) dialog: They are mad! They are fools! They say there is no Law. No Master. No whips. No House of Pain anymore. We love the Law and will keep it now but there is no more pain, no more whips forever again, they say. But I know, Master, I know. You still live. You have walked in the sea and lived. Prendick pats M'Ling's head.
73) 2) text: You're a good man, M'Ling.
73) 3) dialog: You will kill them all? Prendick turns his eyes towards the burning flatbed and t remnants of the motor launch. There are bodies strewn all beach.
73) 5) dialog: The Master's will is sweet. Behind them the radio mast collapses, sending a flurry of climbing into the heavens.
74) 0) text: The SOUND of the HORN rises once more into the morning ai Prendick, M'Ling, Assassimon and two of the remaining eld on the rostrum, Azazello bound and kneeling at their feet The rest of the islanders gather uneasily before them. Th fewer than thirty of them left.
74) 2) dialog: True! True! The Fox Lady steps forward, cradling one of the children incubators.
77) 0) text: Prendick stands thigh deep in the river teaching M'Ling a others the finer points of spear fishing, a lesson interr two of the onlookers start to squabble over a particularl looking barbel.
78) 0) text: Prendick, M'Ling and several others huddle beneath a fan palm leaves, sheltering from a torrential downpour.
78) 3) text: Moreau's horse has been employed in dragging logs down fr rainforest to where M'Ling and Prendick are shaping them makeshift axes. Assassimon sits nearby, emptying barrels of diesel into t There follows a MONTAGE of activity as the raft slowly ta Assassimon rigging its sails as it lies at berth next to while Prendick and M'Ling load it with supplies.
78) 5) dialog: It is good. Go well, Master.
78) 8) dialog: We must read. We must keep speech for his return. Then he lifts a battered copy of Alice in Wonderland and read aloud once more while Assassimon, hopping from foot pretends to mouth the words over his shoulder.
78) 9) text: (reads, haltingly) "Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall: Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the King's horses and all the King's men. Couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again." M'Ling's voice falters, tapering off into a bestial whimp He sits for a long while in silence, the book sagging in watching the sail of Prendick's raft until it has disappe sight.