4) 1) dialog: Easy now, ole' buddy. Prendick opens his eyes to find himself in a small untidy crammed with specimen jars containing gaudy tropical orch A low animal SNARL comes from somewhere outside the cabin Prendick glances around himself uneasily.
4) 2) dialog: Feel better?
4) 4) dialog: You're okay. Don't worry. Prendick looks nervously down at himself as if to make su all still there. Montgomery smiles reassuringly.
4) 6) dialog: My name's Montgomery.
4) 8) dialog: This shitbucket's the Ipecacuanha. Sounds like a drug doesn't it? (smiles) We all dropped Ipecacuanha and bayed at the moon. is aware that he's in the company of a real character.
4) 10) dialog: Easy, Eddie, just relax. I'm still hydrating you. In two days you'll be in Port Moresby, you can contact your people there.
4) 12) dialog: Second. They have to land me first.
4) 14) dialog: An island... where I live. But there's limited communications... no one you could call from there.
4) 16) dialog: Right, now it's your turn to dream. I'm gonna give you a shot. Montgomery holds up a hypodermic needle, tenderly pats P arm, and administers a shot.
4) 18) dialog: Trust me blindly. You'll like it.
4) 20) dialog: Let's say I'm a para-medic. There is another burst of feral SNARLING from outside and there is a man's voice as well.
4) 23) dialog: That's a great shot I just gave you, Edward. I've known people who'd sell their grandmothers for a shot like that, so don't piss it away. Try and get some sleep. Prendick relaxes and the cabin goes blurry around the edg more as the sleeping potion begins to take effect.
4) 24) dialog: There you go, Eddie... Dream... Prendick's eyes wander down onto the lettering stencilled one of the packing cases: 'DESTINATION: U.S. BIOSTATION, DELTA VIA SUVA.' And from somewhere on deck the cries sta again, as Prendick drifts slowly down into oblivion.
6) 1) dialog: God damn it, M'Ling, what the hell's the matter with you? I told you to stay forward.
6) 3) dialog: Come on, man, don't give me that bullshit. I told you to fucking STAY FORWARD! You want me to tell Dr. Moreau about this? M'Ling turns slowly and moves away. Montgomery turns, gla nervously back at Prendick.
6) 5) dialog: Hey, Captain, lighten up. That man is a paid passenger. So tell your crew to keep their filthy hands off of him.
6) 7) dialog: You've been hassling my man there since we got on board. (Under his breath, to Prendick) Most obvious case of drug psychosis I've ever seen.
6) 9) dialog: Maritime Law. This man happens to be a lawyer.
7) 0) text: Prendick stands beside Montgomery on the quarterdeck, sta the awesome canopy of stars overhead. Montgomery passes him a smoldering joint.
7) 1) dialog: Try some of this. Prendick waves it away.
7) 2) dialog: I guarantee it. I grew it myself. Prendick takes it out of good manners but declines to smo it. He casts an eye over Montgomery's crumpled outfit, th unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt, bare feet, gold cross around h and a portion of a "Princeton Flag", tattooed on his ches
7) 4) dialog: Yeah, it's not the ivy league thing. Maybe that's why I did it. Montgomery looks at him, at the joint he's still holding.
7) 5) dialog: You’re supposed to smoke that thing.
7) 7) dialog: (brightly) Silver spooner, right?
7) 9) dialog: I can always tell. When we fished you out of the water, I could smell the money on you. Old money. The best kind! The nose knows... What did you study?
7) 11) dialog: Humanities? Isn't that a licence to jerk off?
7) 13) dialog: Biology. But that was a long time ago. He returns his attention to the sea.
7) 15) dialog: (recoiling) I wouldn't get choked up about it.
7) 17) dialog: You don't owe me anything. You lucked out. I happened to be bored that day... looking for a little action. If I'd been feeling differently, you'd still be out there. I'd have stood here and waved you bye-bye.
7) 19) dialog: Believe whatever you've got to believe. I know you liberals need your little fairy tales. The two men look awkwardly away from each other.
7) 21) dialog: You know, Eddie, I see us more like ships that pass in the night... not assholes who meet on a plane and tell each other the story of their lives.
7) 23) dialog: Ever get yourself in real trouble? Montgomery gives him a look of anticipation.
7) 25) dialog: But not you. You're a survivor.
7) 27) dialog: Sure it is. You'll be back in the States eating at Rodney Rockets and I'll be...
7) 29) dialog: (smiles) Paradise. That's Moreau's dream alright.
7) 31) dialog: Man I work for. He once did for me what I did for you.
7) 33) dialog: Pulled me out and asked no questions. Anyway it's a boring little story and it's not like you and me are friends.
7) 35) dialog: Wouldn't work.
7) 37) dialog: "Cause it's plain as the nose on your face that you think I'm crazy. Montgomery throws the joint into the sea and Prendick tur his eyes lighting now on the dark shape of M’Ling, who is over the taffrail. M'Ling turns towards him for an instan eyes glowing a pale luminous green in the light of the wh
9) 13) dialog: (to the captain) Take him to Moresby, he'll pay you.
9) 15) dialog: Look, I'll pay you.
9) 17) dialog: You'll have to take him. He can't come here.
9) 19) dialog: Eddie, I'm really sorry. Prendick glances around to see that he is loosely ringed belligerent-looking sailors. Two of the sailors take him arms and he begins to struggle.
9) 23) dialog: This wasn't my idea. Remember that. There is a soberness to Montgomery's voice that only deep Prendick's unease as he turns his attention towards the a beach. Prendick turns towards Moreau as if to speak, but the Doc him with a look, part smile, part warning, and Prendick s nothing.
10) 0) text: Several LOCALS have assembled on the narrow jetty to meet launch, some of them hopping up and down in undisguised e One of the boathands throws a rope ashore and the launch engines and makes fast. Prendick steps ashore, looking dazedly about himself as t begin to unload, jabbering excitedly in their curious gut voices, Montgomery and Moreau shouting the occasional com the clamor of the staghounds. The island has the immediate lush beauty of all tropical islands. Birds call melodically from the surrounding lush vegetation, giving one the impression that life teems jus view. Prendick hears the SOUND of a grumbling engine and looks a battered military flatbed come bouncing down the narrow that connects the jetty with a fenced compound on the rid overlooking the beach. At the center of the compound is an old colonial-style bu a cluster of Nissan huts painted in a manner reminiscent camouflage or Aboriginal art. Beyond the roofs of the Nis Prendick can see the top of a radio mast and two rusting dishes. The main house is surrounded by a wide lawn enclosed by a fence. At the bottom of the lawn is a wooden rostrum over the compound gate and a flagpole from the top of which f emblem of the Tree of Life. M'Ling passes him now, bearing a packing case and talking enthusiastically with one of his fellow BEARERS, a man wi doglike features who wears a white jacket. He looks again to the beach and sees Moreau approaching h expression benign but formal.
10) 23) dialog: So... You okay?
10) 25) dialog: Well that depends on how you look at it. I’d watch myself if I were you. Strictly eyes down, know what I mean?
10) 27) dialog: (suddenly serious) He's one of the greatest men alive. He pauses for a moment, then changes tack.
10) 28) dialog: Give me a hand with these, will you? He crouches beside one of the crates stacked near the en jetty and lifts it. Indicating another, Prendick lifts it follows Montgomery a short distance from the jetty where his burden down in a clump of brush on the beach near som constructed hutches and the rusting remains of pickup tru Montgomery opens one of the crates and starts removing wh rabbits and putting them into the hutch.
10) 29) dialog: They're for the black leopard. Damned cat will eat better than I do. (off Prendick) Didn't you see the old man's earth shoes? I'ma protein freak stuck with a fanatical vegetarian.
10) 31) dialog: Seal your lips at the thought... Montgomery opens another of the crates. Several animals b the open door and escape. He and Prendick grab for them b make it to the surrounding jungle.
10) 32) dialog: Alright little ones, "Go ye forth and multiply... Born to fuck, and they're so-o-o cute... Montgomery returns his attention to the crate. Reaching i removes the last rabbit, a large buck. The animal kicks a struggles in an attempt to join the others who have fled. Montgomery kneels, letting the rabbits feet touch the gro strokes the animal and calms it.
10) 33) dialog: Lusting for those runaway bunnies, big guy? With a conspiratorial smile he looks at Prendick.
10) 34) dialog: Think this fellow'd be missed? Thinking Montgomery plans to release the rabbit, Prendick shrugs.
10) 36) text: Right, who's to know. With a quick twist Montgomery breaks the rabbits neck. Th animal screams and dies. Prendick reacts.
10) 37) dialog: (off Prendick's look) What, you don't like barbecued bunny?
11) 0) text: The flatbed inches its way back up the hill, laden down w deadweight of cages and packing cases. Prendick stands on the back of the truck as they pass an jungle borders the sides of the road. Among the trees he several spectacularly beautiful tropical birds, which see unafraid, only curious at his passing. As they drive bene bough, a large Bank's Cockatoo dips his head in a friendl causing Prendick to extend his hand, returning a gesture friendship. Clearing the jungle they reach the clearing and pass a ma and a pipe corral where a grey-white thoroughbred crops a Further on Prendick is able to get a closer view of magni bright green aloes that surround the big house. As they p by one of the plants he can hear a low TRILLING SOUND ema from its fleshy, tendrilled branches that seem to quiver breeze even when Prendick can feel no breeze. The flatbed winds around the side of the big house and pu a shady courtyard. Montgomery ushers Prendick into the house.
12) 0) text: Prendick finds himself in a large hall-turned-dining area walls lined with bookshelves and specimen cases. Montgomery hesitates for a moment in the doorway.
12) 1) dialog: Stay here. And I mean, stay right here. I won't be long. (calls out) Moreau. He leaves Prendick who wanders the library. As his gaze w over a series of old photos, Moreau in his thirties with attractive woman, both holding the reins of their horses wind whips their hair in some wilderness setting. In anot Moreau embraces a conductor and first violinist beside a concert stage. While Montgomery can be heard calling "Mor screen, Prendick examines a row of framed academic certif hanging beside a row of crucified butterflies and Da Vinc anatomical sketches. One yellowing certificate is from th Committee, beneath it set against blue velvet is a medall prize. Somewhere in the background a song is heard from a CD pla same love ballad heard in the opening scene. Prendick turns slowly, drawn towards the source of the mu On the far side of the room an open doorway leads through densely planted arboretum to a sun drenched veranda facin Through it, beyond the foreground foliage, Prendick glimp figure moving gently to the music. A beautiful young woma barefoot and clad in a sarong, turning slowly in a puddle sunlight. Her eyes are closed, her only audience a bright parrot watching from its perch at the far end of the vera Transfixed, Prendick moves towards her. He stops amidst the foliage of the arboretum, taken by a reverie. Something moves in the dense verdure near his head. Prend to see a pair of disturbingly human eyes set in a wizened belonging to a small arboreal creature about the size of galago or lorus that peers from the foliage. Prendick's curiosity elicits an sudden aggressive respons bared, the creature threatens with a rasping growl and a like snap, causing Prendick to take a quick step back. As regains his composure he hears a young woman's laugh. Prendick turns. The dancer, a beautiful YOUNG WOMAN, barefoot and clad in faces him from a few feet away. At his glance her smile q fades to something akin to fear. Prendick sees now that she has the same unusual tan as th islanders while her high, vaguely oriental cheekbones and green eyes give her a somewhat feline cast further enhan slightest deformation of her upper lip, as if she has had surgically corrected in childhood.
12) 33) text: Well, I see we're getting acquainted. (He sighs.) Lovely thing, little Aissa. Montgomery offers the joint to Prendick, who declines it.
12) 35) dialog: Moreau's a famous name in genetics. Or infamous, depending on who you listen to.
12) 37) dialog: He's a genius, so everybody who's not a genius hates his guts... Most scientific research is totally motivated by jealousy and greed. And vanity... don't want to forget vanity. He came out here to escape that.
12) 39) dialog: Eighteen years. The animal rights boobies drove him to it. Got so in the States you couldn't cage a rat without reading him his rights.
12) 41) dialog: Almost ten years for me. He offers the joint to Prendick.
12) 44) dialog: (not liking the tone) What?
12) 46) dialog: What?? Pointed ears?? You're shitting me...
12) 48) dialog: No, and, I think it's incredibly insensitive of you to bring it up. How would you like it if someone made remarks about your ears?
12) 50) dialog: What are you suddenly, Amnesty International? Trust me. No one complains. Montgomery offers the joint. Prendick waves it off.
12) 51) dialog: No? You're missing out. Back when we dabbled in plant genes I created this. Like everything else on this Island some serious method went into this shit. Montgomery's expression hardens noticeably and he stands motioning for Prendick to follow him.
12) 52) dialog: Come on, man. I think it's time I showed you your room.
12) 54) dialog: Sssh!... Dig it... Prendick joins Montgomery in the study door to see M'Ling sitting at one end of the room, reading determinedly from Carrol.
12) 59) dialog: (affectionately) What a crew. Ya gotta love ‘em. Prendick lingers for an instant, fixing on Aissa. Montgomery glances back noting his expression.
13) 0) text: Montgomery leads Prendick across the hall to the open doo small apartment, plainly but comfortably furnished. Some clothes have been laid out for Prendick, and there i bookshelf, which Prendick studies for a moment. There is a low bed in the darkest corner of the room shro mosquito netting and a small barred window looking out to sea.
13) 4) dialog: Not my area of expertise. At that moment a third figure appears in the doorway. An looking ISLANDER dressed in a surgical smock. He steps
13) 6) dialog: Thank you, Waggdi. I'm on my way. (To Prendick) Oh Christ, here we go again. lightly out of the room, drawing the door shut behind him Just before it closes Prendick catches a glimpse of Montg face through the narrowing crack. Prendick face and Prendick He turns sunlight piercing
13) 7) dialog: Sorry about this, Eddie. starts towards him but Montgomery closes the door in his he hears the SOUND OF A KEY being turned.
13) 9) dialog: It's for your own good. rattles the door furiously.
20) 2) dialog: Oh shit... Montgomery starts forward, trying to come between Prendic Moreau. Prendick takes a defensive stance with the bat.
20) 4) dialog: Whatever you think is going on here, you're wrong.
22) 0) text: Moreau places the mutant infant on a scale. He speaks to Montgomery.
22) 1) dialog: He's freaked. You'll have to talk him down.
23) 7) dialog: Eddie! Come on, don't be an asshole! I'll tell you what it's all about. Prendick keeps running, following Aissa past the singing towards the dark wall of the rain forest.
23) 8) dialog: Come back! I'm warning you man, there's some really unstable phenomena out there. Aissa leads Prendick to a section of the fence where the invaded the compound and he sees a jagged gap in the wire hidden from the house by luxuriant foliage. He starts through the hole, pinning back a loose flap of with the handle of the baseball bat.
24) 10) dialog: The Man from the Sea has broken the Law! Find him for me and bring him back! The two figures beside the campfire prostrate themselves sand, crying out in unison.
28) 0) text: Prendick bursts blinking into the daylight, the last stra the congregation still lurching past him to join the crow gathering at the mouth of the canyon. Prendick pushes through them, peering over the hunched s and pointed ears to see a nightmarish procession approach It is led by Moreau, cantering astride the horse, his awf shadowed by the brim of his Panama hat, a bullwhip in his hunting rifle in a scabbard, the villagers supplicating t before him, throwing dust over their heads and laying pal before the horse's hooves as he rides into the settlement is flanked by a retinue of DOG MEN who carry whips as wel M'Ling, Waggdi and Azazello, who control the leashes of t snarling staghounds. Montgomery walks sullenly behind them, a gun in one hand loud hailer in the other. Prendick turns to see that his way back through the canyo blocked by more of the villagers. He ducks down, trying t himself in the crowd. Beyond the huts the wall of the rainforest is tantalizing yet hopelessly far away. Moreau is almost parallel with h his eyes like splinters of ice as he surveys the crowd. B Montgomery raises the loud hailer.
28) 1) dialog: I know he's in there. Better give him up. I mean now!
28) 3) dialog: And you know what happens when you break the law, don't you? You shaggy little fucker...
28) 5) dialog: You got it, boys and girls... back to the House of Pain. Come on now. Where is he? The villagers slowly turn their snouts towards Prendick w to make a run for it, dashing his shoulder into one clums and flinging him forward into another. The little pink Sloth Creature grasps at his legs and he savage blow to its face with the baseball bat.
28) 9) dialog: God, Eddie, you're turning into a real pain in the ass. We just want to... Prendick strikes him on the jaw and, wrestling his finger trigger guard, regains his feet just as the Dog Men come to him, brandishing their cattle prods. He raises the gun round into the air.
29) 0) text: Prendick runs full tilt through the undergrowth, the auto clutched in one hand, the air behind him filled with thre cries and the baying of staghounds. He zig-zags through t pausing and changing course as he hears BRANCHES CRACKING then turning again as he hears Moreau and Montgomery SHOU somewhere behind him and the NEIGHING of the horse. Some of the islanders are ROARING AND SCREAMING now like prey as they hurl themselves after him through the foliag primitive cudgels clasped in their hands. As Prendick forces his way through the thick undergrowth forest, shadow figures brachiate through the trees above WHOOPING, HOWLING, GIBBON-LIKE BEAST MEN quickly overtake cut off his escape, menacing him from the canopy above. Prendick turns and fights through a tangled thicket of t toward a break in the trees. Breaking from the undergrowth which tears at his clothes, reaches the edge of a narrow gully and falls headlong int steaming waters of a murky, sulphurous stream. The gun fa the muck. The sound of the pursuing dogs grows louder as his feet. Gasping with pain as the steaming mud clings to flesh. Shoving his hands into the sulfureous mud to find the gun forced to withdraw them quickly before they are cooked by viscous, almost boiling water. Suddenly, a HYENA-SWINE MA from the surrounding brush and, seeing Prendick, gives a As the creature lunges into the mud Prendick stumbles awa bleeding profusely now from a wound in his scalp. The YELPING of the dogs and Dogmen and a CHATTERING AND A followed by the CRACK of a whip and VOICES. Prendick sets off again, splashing ankle deep through the water, crying out to himself as he runs, seeing the blue the ocean now through the trees.
30) 0) text: Prendick splashes across the delta and does not stop runn he is up to his knees in salt water, staring out at the s and the unreachable horizon. He turns westward, stumbling water's edge. Then, suddenly, far in front of him, he sees figures emer the rainforest. Moreau on his horse, then Montgomery, the the Dog Men with their snapping charges. They see him and advancing. Prendick starts to turn only to see a posse of villagers from the tree line behind him to cut him off. He looks towards the horizon once more and, having nowher left, wades straight out into the water. Moreau addresses him from the water's edge. Aissa stands beside him, frightened and confused.
30) 7) dialog: Back off, man. Don't start something that might end in tears. Moreau moves his horse forward. When he is near Prendick indicates the rifle in its saddle scabbard.
30) 13) dialog: Eddie, we hunted you for your own good. This island is full of... unstable phenomena.
30) 17) dialog: C'mon Eddie, stop pointing that thing at my head.
38) 0) text: Like characters from a Conrad novel, Montgomery and Morea finishing drinks. M'Ling comes out with a tray. As he tak their glasses, Moreau preps a cheroot.
38) 2) dialog: Being a bit hard on them, don't you think?
38) 4) dialog: I'd rather he'd drowned. There was no reason to turn the launch back. But you ordered it. Moreau smiles at him.
38) 6) dialog: He can bring us a shitload of trouble. I don't see him just going on his way and sending us the occasional postcard. AisSa strains to hear them.
38) 8) dialog: His staying is a problem too. He's knocking toes with Aissa. Moreau's eyebrows go up in exaggerated surprise.
38) 10) dialog: I'd remind you, she's your daughter.
38) 12) dialog: So his is "Uncorrupted DNA"... Not very subtle are we, Moreau?
39) 0) text: Moreau sits at the head of the long table which has been dinner, holding a cigar. Prendick sits across from him, while Montgomery sits somewhere between them. Prendick
39) 5) dialog: Eddie only wants to be involved here in a very selective way. senses Montgomery's hostility.
39) 8) dialog: Don't worry Eddie. Later we'll really jazz them up... color co-ordinate them and accesorize them, you won't be able to tell the little buggers from anybody else you'd run into at the mall. (He looks toward the door) In fact there's a look you don't mind. Moreau and Prendick turn to see Aissa emerge awkwardly f study door, followed by Azazello and M'Ling, who carries platter of curiously colored vegetables.
39) 13) dialog: You said I could use my discretion.
39) 15) dialog: I felt generous. I think sharing the rabbit is a very civilized gesture, don't you Eddie?
39) 18) dialog: I swear. None of them saw me kill. Prendick picks up on the rift between them. Prendick
39) 23) dialog: Well, there's another carnivore out of the closet. So much for the Law and control of baser instincts, Moreau.
39) 33) dialog: How's the rabbit?
41) 3) dialog: Unless we're jamming our own radio to keep you from leaving. M'ling looks suddenly terrified. Aissa backs away and Mon steps up to the radio set.
41) 4) dialog: You've got some real paranoia going, Eddie. Ever think maybe there's nothing out there anymore... Maybe we've really gone and done it this time. Maybe we're the only ones left. You and me and the Doc.
41) 6) dialog: Yeah, let's include her. We'll need a female entity to start it up again. (He turns to Aissa) Post-nuclear family values is what we're after here. Aissa backs out the door and M'ling retreats to the shado out to the surrounding jungle. Montgomery faces Prendick.
41) 7) dialog: They're always a bit fearful. In my opinion the veggies have corrupted the old man's seed.
41) 9) dialog: All his children. Since all I do is drag my big muddy boots in and out of the temple of my body, I guess he figures my DNA wasn't all there.
41) 11) dialog: (smiles) Given the oddities of this place it's an amazing thing to speculate about, isn't it? Montgomery proffers a joint. Prendick is so preoccupied t takes a deep drag without realizing it.
41) 12) dialog: There you go, man. Isn't that better than taking all this shit on the natch? Prendick turns towards the door, stepping out into the ni deeply troubled.
43) 0) text: Moreau's flag, the emblem of the Tree of Life, billows ag blazing blue sky. The sound of a HORN; followed by a moun CLAMOR of bestial voices. Moreau stands on a wooden rostrum beneath the flagpole th raised to his lips, Prendick, Montgomery, and M'Ling flan Waggdi, Azazello and the other Dog Men are posted around of the rostrum on crowd control duty. At the sound of the horn, the Beast Folk bow on their kne elbows and begin flinging dust over their heads. Montgome clipboard in hand, checks them off one by one.
43) 1) dialog: Sixty-two, sixty-three... We're coming up short here.
43) 4) dialog: No big surprise there, buddy. Moreau sounds the HORN again and the Beast Folk writhe an with renewed fervor. Then, slinking through the main gate Lo-Mai and the HYENA-SWINE followed by Assassimon, dresse linen trousers. The other animals shoot vicious glances a Moreau passes the horn to M'Ling.
43) 26) dialog: (almost to himself, with bitterness) He's with the program now...he's really a believer now, man... Moreau gives him a hard look, then looks to the Sayer of
43) 31) text: Prendick stands waist-high in a field of marijuana plants as the ball game gets under way on the front lawn, Assass coming up to bat. Beside him, Azazello and Montgomery, hi hair tied back by a greasy bandana, are busy watering the There is a CRACK of wood against horsehide, followed by a spattering of APPLAUSE and Montgomery glances up in time Monkey Man reaching first base. Montgomery plucks a joint from his bandana and fires it u
43) 32) dialog: Assassimon's in his element. Fantastic knuckleball. But then, look at his knuckles. Oh shit. Here comes trouble. Prendick follows Montgomery's gaze, to see Kiril and the Swine wading towards them through the marijuana field.
43) 34) dialog: Hail to you, too. There's a Third with a whip now, so you'd better watch yourself.
43) 37) dialog: He has a long thin whip, and it hurts.
43) 40) dialog: You'll fucking bleed and weep if you don't shut up! He turns away, passing the joint to Azazello. The Dog Man greedily.
43) 42) dialog: I don't know. Maybe I'm too liberal...
43) 44) dialog: Well, shit... It's not like he killed the damned thing. He gets to have a few perks, too. He works hard. Don't you Azazello, old sock, old buddy... you’re a goddamned good old son-of-a- bitch. He scratches Azazello behind the ear, calling him jocular the Dog Man fawns on him in extraordinary delight.
43) 47) dialog: Yeah, that's right. You know it is.
43) 49) dialog: I what? You fuzzy bastard! Kiril makes the motion of breaking the rabbit's neck and incredibly accurate imitation of its scream. There is an awkward silence as Montgomery meets Kiril's g Hyena-Swine watching them intently. Behind them the BISON onto the pitcher's mound. Going to the plate, Assassimon bat unsteadily in his hands.
43) 50) dialog: Are you judging me? Are you fucking daring to compare yourself to me?
43) 52) dialog: Insects don't really count. Everybody kills them.
48) 0) text: The convulsing body of the black leopard is strapped to t operating table, ringed by Moreau, Montgomery, Waggdi, an of the Dog Men, all of them clad now in surgical masks an Montgomery leans over the animal, then glances up at More beading his forehead.
48) 1) dialog: We've got to cut her, Doc. We've got no choice. Moreau nods and looks to Waggdi.
52) 4) dialog: Jesus Christ, Eddie, that thing is loose... It's unbelievably strong...
52) 6) dialog: Let me see that... Oh Jesus... you gotta get some disinfectant on these... Aissa! Aissa, who is cowering in the doorway of the big house, attention.
52) 7) dialog: Get the first aid kit! Fast! Aissa ducks back into the house and Prendick grimaces, cl eyes.
52) 9) dialog: Just hold on, buddy. Prendick grinds his teeth together as Aissa runs to him, the First-Aid kit. Montgomery swabs his wounds with antis
52) 12) dialog: Wait! I'll come! It's too dangerous! Moreau glances back at him and there is something in his white as a death's head in the moonlight, that causes Mon fall silent. Moreau turns away, the Dog Men spurring his horse towards gate, running at his heels, in dismay. Montgomery staring
53) 0) text: Montgomery and Aissa lower Prendick onto the bed. He is naked now, sweat standing out on his forehead, his arm swathed in bandages. He tries to open his eyes, winci blinded by the yellow flare of the paraffin lamp.
53) 2) dialog: Easy Eddie, you're in shock... There... Prendick relaxes as Montgomery gets up and starts hastily the door. Aissa touches his face, soothing him as the drugs draw a curtain across his pain. He sighs, looking up at her, hal hallucinatory glare of the lantern. She smiles, taking hi placing it against her bosom.
58) 0) text: A violent storm lashes the island. A WAILING procession o Folk, led by the Sayer of the Law, trudge slowly through driving rain, their heads bowed as they bear Moreau back house, his body held aloft, his arms outstretched as if c his head tilted back, rain falling in his sightless eyes washing the blood from his face in pink rivulets. Montgomery stands waiting for them on the front lawn, his twisted in despair. Behind him Prendick comes slowly down the driveway, suppo Aissa. He is barefoot, dressed only in a blanket and a da flannel trousers.
58) 1) dialog: It's all over. Oh god... The procession comes to a halt and the Sayer of the Law s forward to address Montgomery.
58) 9) dialog: Good, buddy. That's good. Jesus, that's qreat!
60) 0) text: Montgomery sits hunched over the paraffin lantern, swiggi bottle of vodka and downing pills by the handful, his gun tabletop beside him. Prendick sits opposite him, his eyes wandering over the d that surrounds them, the tattered posters and pathetic re the counter-culture and Montgomery's past life. From outs the SOUND OF DRUMS and bestial VOICES howling and keening lamentation.
60) 2) dialog: They're all waiting... the whole damn island... Without the endorphins he put in their food they'll revert quickly. They'll need a firm hand with a whip in it. But I've really gotta hand it to you, Eddie, you're a survivor. This resurrection bit is fucking brilliant... perfect thing for a primitive intelligence. They'll eat it right up.
60) 4) dialog: Yeah, whatever... Jesus, what a fucking life this is... Spend twenty years living in squalid little rooms, living on cheap thrills, man, I have to say, life is a big mistake. Big mistake. And to end up in this, this shit! This fucking island, ten years! what for?? Eddie, we're nothing. We're just nothing. We're bubbles blown by a baby.
60) 6) dialog: Oh yeah? And going where? Look at me, man... Where the fuck am I going to go?
60) 8) dialog: (He laughs. ) That's a tough one, Eddie. I get off this island about once every two years, and I can't make it out there. People disgust me, man. I can't stand to be anywhere near them. Even the women. I rent them, then I can't bear to touch them. And I'll tell you something man... You and your girlfriend are gonna find it mighty hard "fitting in". I mean, just for openers, who's gonna rent to you? It isn't like you come from different religious backgrounds, if you know what I mean... Here, have a toke for fuck sake.
60) 10) dialog: To what, man? Keep her sweet? I know Moreau gave her special treatments. It's in his notes...
60) 12) text: They'll change, their D.N.A. will just start to unravel... Come on, man, have a toke... help yourself to my stash. I've got everything you could possibly want right here. Speed, methadone, morphine, mescaline, reds, blues, "ludes acid, lysergic and my own special brew... The Montgomery Cocktail! you want to go? Come on, which way Try the Cocktail, you'll go all over the fucking place...
60) 14) dialog: Well, fuck you then! You won't party with me, I'll party with them. I'll show you what a real party animal is! I'm handing in my resignation from the whole fucking human race, effective immediately. Montgomery gets to his feet, clutching at the bottle, fil pockets with pills.
60) 16) dialog: What? Are you gonna stop me? Jesus Christ, man, you're not a lawyer, you're a fucking missionary... save her, him, why don't you just open up a local branch of the S.P.C.A.?
60) 18) dialog: Did I ever say I wasn't? Prendick rises, facing him, and Montgomery snatches up th automatic, waving it at his head.
60) 19) dialog: Hey, man, you're standing between me and the party lights. Get out of my way.
60) 22) dialog: M'Ling! M'Ling, my man! Bring the flatbed around at once. It's party time! Prendick follows him to the doorway, looking out into the
61) 0) text: The crowd parts as Montgomery walks amongst them, dispens pills.
61) 1) dialog: Free drugs! Come on! Who wants to get high? Let's see some hands. A forest of misshapen appendages rises around him and he hand indiscriminately with whatever he pulls from his poc
61) 2) dialog: There you go... a little Uptown for you, some Downtown for you... Cat food for the dogs and dog food for the cats... What's science without a few drugs, huh, Eddie? He addresses the assembly of Chimaera.
61) 3) dialog: It's the dawning of a whole new deal, boys and girls. I'm the Man now and we're gonna have fun around here for a change. We'll be laughing tonight... The Beast People press tight around him, pawing at him he themselves now to the contents of his pockets.
63) 0) text: The awesome SOUND of the Jimi Hendrix Experience throbbin tinny set of speakers, supplemented by a line of DRUMMING Folk, tangling with the SOUNDTRACK of "King Kong" that is on a screen set before the CD-ROM projector that has been for a rapt, tripped-out animal audience. A great bonfire sparks into the sky farther up the beach, ringed by furio dancing creatures. Beside the bonfire, an axe-wielding Do chopping up the remains of the beached motor launch and f them into the flames. Montgomery stands near the fire, burning of the boat, sup the ritual a garland of flowers around his neck and a joi dangling from his lower lip. The Sloth Creature drags at the hem of his coat and he smiles sadly, turning out his pockets.
63) 1) text: All gone. See. All tapped out. We're in the same boat now, (points to the burning launch) and there it is right there! Up the creek without a paddle. Any of you ever hear that expression? He starts to get undressed, throwing his clothes to the B People who grab at them eagerly, fighting for possession more treasured articles. Montgomery lifts his head up and shouts.
63) 2) dialog: How do you like this, Moreau? Isn't this some wild shit! The Beast People press tighter around him, reaching out t his pale skin. He giggles, looking up at the stars.
63) 3) dialog: All flesh is grass, boys and girls. You blink and it's all gone... He grabs an already disheveled Beast Woman and breaks int demented, frenzied and very dirty boogie. The flatbed goes rumbling past, headlights blazing, circl dangerously close to the fire, joyriding through the nigh nowhere, M'Ling at the wheel.
68) 0) text: Things have started to slip at the beach party. Several of the Beast Folk lie shaking on the sand, gripp epileptic seizures, while one of the Cat People has torn own eyes and sits screaming beside the projector. The fla stuck in the sand, smoke pouring out of it, M'Ling limpin towards the fire in open embarrassment. Montgomery stands naked in the midst of the admiring Chim staring back towards the big house, his attention drawn b sound of GUNFIRE.
68) 1) dialog: What the fuck now...?
68) 3) dialog: No! Don't hurt him! He makes as if to go to M'Ling's assistance, but the Biso blocks his way.
68) 5) dialog: Hey I come on, man, lighten up... This is supposed to be a party! The little pink Sloth thing steps suddenly forward and sh Montgomery in the chest with his own automatic. He staggers backwards, staring in disbelief at the pucker his breastbone.
68) 6) dialog: Shit! You... You were always such a sweet little fucker, too... Jesus... Thanks a lot... He falls against the CD-ROM projector and the image goes distortion. He slips to his knees and, with a SHRIEK, the Beast Peopl upon him, ripping and ravaging.
73) 0) text: Prendick stands watching the rising sun. He seems transfo grief and by his exposure to horror. The big house is bur behind him. Montgomery's remains are at his feet covered blood-soaked blanket. M'Ling kneels beside him, weeping.