27) 3) dialog: Who is there?
27) 6) dialog: Not to walk on all-fours; that is the Law. Prendick says nothing; Kiril nudges him firmly.
27) 12) dialog: The punishments of those who break the Law are terrible. None escape.
27) 15) dialog: Sooner or later, every one will want a thing that is bad. What you will want, we do not know. Some want to follow things that move, to watch and slink and spring, to kill and bite, bite deep and rich, sucking all the warm blood... It is bad. Not to chase other men; that is the Law. Are we not men? Not to eat flesh nor fish, never; that is the Law. Are we not men? To couple only with one; that is the Law. The congregation is hypnotized by the ritual of this.
27) 16) dialog: Some go scratching at the graves of the dead, some go fighting with foreheads or claws, some bite suddenly without or warning, some go snuffing at the earth, some love uncleanness, some make wild and random fornications every which-way...it is bad.
28) 2) dialog: Evil is he who breaks the Law!
43) 6) text: Where is my Sayer of the Law? The horned man bows his face to the dust.
43) 8) dialog: Not to go on all fours; that is the Law. The kneeling assembly recites the words after him swaying to side and striking up the dust with their hands.
43) 13) dialog: None escape!
43) 18) dialog: Evil is he who breaks the Law! Moreau meets Lo-Mai's gaze, looking him steadfastly in th
43) 27) dialog: The gun has spoken! It is good!
47) 0) text: A performance of "Alice" is under way before a small crow Sayer of the Law in his Moreau mask is shaking his rattle Azazello who crouches on his haunches before the small po screen from the Nissan hut. Aissa faces Azazello whose face is painted in a Cheshire grin. Prendick looks on from the back of the crowd.
58) 0) text: A violent storm lashes the island. A WAILING procession o Folk, led by the Sayer of the Law, trudge slowly through driving rain, their heads bowed as they bear Moreau back house, his body held aloft, his arms outstretched as if c his head tilted back, rain falling in his sightless eyes washing the blood from his face in pink rivulets. Montgomery stands waiting for them on the front lawn, his twisted in despair. Behind him Prendick comes slowly down the driveway, suppo Aissa. He is barefoot, dressed only in a blanket and a da flannel trousers.
58) 2) dialog: He is dead.
58) 4) dialog: Is there a Law, thou Other with the whip? Is there a Law now that He is dead? Montgomery looks to Prendick, his jaw hanging slackly. Prendick steps forward, Aissa clinging to his arm, and tr take command of the situation.
62) 11) text: Prendick strides down the aisleway between the cages, Kir Sayer of the Law leading the remnants of the Beast People him.
66) 5) dialog: No! This is wrong! You are breaking the Law!
66) 7) dialog: We must have Laws! We are not animals!
66) 9) dialog: (with incredible feeling) Are we not men? The Hyena-Swine laughs, switches his Kalashnikov onto ful empties its magazine into the crowd, the Boar Man at his excitedly joining in the massacre with his own AK-47. All are still standing are caught in a withering rain of bull bodies jerking in the glow of the funeral pyre. The Sayer of the Law is among the first to fall, his mask by a bullet between the eyes. A spray of bullets punch into fuel cans stockpiled in the rivulet of gasoline creeps away, leading back towards the house. The Hyena-Swine is laughing and laughing, the gun growing his hands, fire leaping in his eyes.
75) 1) text: After that day I became the Sayer of the Law. Every day for nine months I stood in front of the Tree of Life and talked to them.