13) 5) dialog: Mr. Montgomery, Sir, you must come at once. The contractions have started.
28) 0) text: Prendick bursts blinking into the daylight, the last stra the congregation still lurching past him to join the crow gathering at the mouth of the canyon. Prendick pushes through them, peering over the hunched s and pointed ears to see a nightmarish procession approach It is led by Moreau, cantering astride the horse, his awf shadowed by the brim of his Panama hat, a bullwhip in his hunting rifle in a scabbard, the villagers supplicating t before him, throwing dust over their heads and laying pal before the horse's hooves as he rides into the settlement is flanked by a retinue of DOG MEN who carry whips as wel M'Ling, Waggdi and Azazello, who control the leashes of t snarling staghounds. Montgomery walks sullenly behind them, a gun in one hand loud hailer in the other. Prendick turns to see that his way back through the canyo blocked by more of the villagers. He ducks down, trying t himself in the crowd. Beyond the huts the wall of the rainforest is tantalizing yet hopelessly far away. Moreau is almost parallel with h his eyes like splinters of ice as he surveys the crowd. B Montgomery raises the loud hailer.
43) 0) text: Moreau's flag, the emblem of the Tree of Life, billows ag blazing blue sky. The sound of a HORN; followed by a moun CLAMOR of bestial voices. Moreau stands on a wooden rostrum beneath the flagpole th raised to his lips, Prendick, Montgomery, and M'Ling flan Waggdi, Azazello and the other Dog Men are posted around of the rostrum on crowd control duty. At the sound of the horn, the Beast Folk bow on their kne elbows and begin flinging dust over their heads. Montgome clipboard in hand, checks them off one by one.
45) 0) text: Waggdi comes loping up to Moreau and bows before him.
45) 1) dialog: You must come at once, Master. The contractions have started.
46) 0) text: Aissa sits in front of the dressing table mirror. She clo examines her face. She appears distressed as her finger t small cluster of catlike whiskers that has begun to grow cheek. She frowns and picks up a heavy tweezer. In what is obvio painful she plucks them out, then daubs away a spot of bl tissue. There comes a knock at the door and she turns with a star The door opens a crack to admit Waggdi's snout.
46) 1) dialog: You're on in five.
48) 0) text: The convulsing body of the black leopard is strapped to t operating table, ringed by Moreau, Montgomery, Waggdi, an of the Dog Men, all of them clad now in surgical masks an Montgomery leans over the animal, then glances up at More beading his forehead.
51) 1) dialog: The incubator is ready, Master.
55) 0) text: A flock of parrots scatter in dismay as a line of Beast P CRASHING through a cane break, beating the foliage to dri their quarry. Moreau follows at a distance on horseback, Waggdi walking beside him. Up ahead the undergrowth quivers and Waggdi freezes, snif air.
55) 1) dialog: He’s close, Master. I smell him. Just a breath away. Moreau reigns his steed to a halt, cocking the hunting ri Waggdi steps forward towards the wall of greenery, his c raised defensively. He reaches out to touch the crushed l when he draws back his fingers they are sticky with dryin He turns to Moreau, nodding his head as if to signal him, that instant the wall of the rainforest erupts behind him With an ear-splitting SHRIEK the Chimaera plunges from it place, wrenching Waggdi from his feet. The horse rears in panic, and Moreau is flung backwards f saddle. He strikes a tree trunk, landing awkwardly, the b driven from him, the hunting rifle still clenched in his His horse bolts past him. Waggdi screams, his cattle prod, trying to fend off the C jaws with but the creature drags him down, tightening its remorselessly around him. Moreau regains his feet, levelling the rifle as the Chima to ingest the struggling Dog Man. He catches a last glimp Waggdi's bulging eyes, curiously calm now as if hypnotize immensity of what is happening to him. His body spasms an HISS, the Chimaera casts him aside, turning its attention towards Moreau. Moreau meets its gaze and the creature hesitates, fear sp its eyes. Then it raises its bifurcated snout and HOWLS. Moreau shivers, his expression faltering as the full pain horror of what he has created comes home to him.