74) 0) text: Earnest young activists, FALE, deathly pale, BEN, long ha and TEDDY, muscular, are gathered around a counter collat leaflets that demand an END TO SPECIEISM.  Behind them, a poster proclaims, "ANIMALS HAVE SOULS, TOO".  Just then, a tremendous CLAP OF THUNDER as the ACTIVISTS look up and COLE and RAILLY enter. COLE looks startled.  It sounds like torrential RAIN POUR here.  Maintaining a tight grip on RAILLY'S wrist, he loo around frantically for an explanation for the tropical do Bookshelves line two walls.  The front window is blanked posters of Animal Rights demonstrations, newspaper clippi photos of animal atrocities.  The fourth wall features th counter where the three ACTIVISTS face COLE as a JUNGLE B SCREAMS in the DOWNPOUR.
74) 1) dialog: Uh, can we help you? COLE looks confused as the RAIN abates and an ELEPHANT tr an urgent warning.
74) 2) dialog: Excuse me.  You looking for something in particular?
74) 10) dialog: What do you want -- money?  We only have a few bucks. COLE is suddenly very much in charge and self-confident a BABOON HOWLS with laughter.
74) 16) dialog: Shut up!
75) 1) dialog: Then, Jeffrey becomes like this...big star -- the media latch on to him because he's picketing his own father, a "famous Nobel Prize winning virologist". You musta seen all that on TV.
75) 4) dialog: That's him.
75) 9) dialog: (a helpless shrug to his cohorts)
75) 11) dialog: Yeah, that's when he let a hundred snakes loose in the Senate.
75) 13) dialog: So he and eleven others split off and became this underground..."army"
75) 20) dialog: He goes on TV, gives a news conference, tells the whole world he just realized his daddy's experiments are vital for humanity and that the use of animals is absolutely necessary and that he, Jeffrey Mason, from now on, is going to personally supervise the labs to make sure all the little animals aren't going to suffer.
123) 0) text: JEFFREY, BEN, TEDDY, and two of JEFFREY'S youthful cohort and KWESKIN, wait motionless beside a heap of cardboard c as FALE peeks out the front window through a slit between
123) 1) dialog: It's the kidnap woman -- the one who was with the guy who tied us up.
123) 3) dialog: She's drawing attention to us, that's what she's doing. ... I don't know what you're up to this time, Mason, but you're gonna get us in deep shit!
125) 0) text: FALE watches JEFFREY go over a check list while KWESKIN, and TEDDY organize materials, and BEN peeks out the small between posters at the front window.
125) 3) dialog: One dozen bolt cutters!  Whadda you gonna do with one dozen bolt cutters?
125) 6) dialog: No!  Absolutely not. Don't tell me anything.
125) 14) dialog: (spinning around)
125) 17) dialog: That woman is...was...your... psychiatrist?  And now she's spray- painting our building?
127) 2) dialog: Hey, no problem, it's probably just another kidnapping featuring Jeffrey's shrink, pardon me, make that ex-shrink. (indicating Jeffrey to the others)
127) 8) dialog: (triumphant)
127) 11) text: Then, using the computer model, they generated every thought I could possibly have in the next, say ten years, which they then filtered through a probability matrix to determine everything I was going to do in that period.  So you see, she knew I was going to lead the Army of the Twelve Monkeys into the pages of history before it ever even occurred to me.  She knows everything I'm ever going to do before I know it myself.  How about that? JEFFREY smiles smugly into FALE'S flabbergasted face.
127) 13) dialog: He's seriously crazy -- you know that.