26) 2) dialog: (with a sly look)
26) 5) dialog: Okay, Billings.  Five thousand.  That's enough.  Five thousand dollars.  I'll give him the Deluxe Mental Hospital Tour. As BILLINGS walks away chuckling, JEFFREY turns to COLE.
26) 6) dialog: Kid around, kid around.  It makes them feel good, we're all pals.  We're prisoners, they're the guards, but it's all in good fun, you see? COLE nods and JEFFREY indicates card tables where PATIENT playing cards, checkers, chess, or working on jig saw puz
26) 7) dialog: Here's the games.  Games vegitize you. If you play the games, you're voluntarily taking a tranquilizer. COLE sees a partially completed puzzle of the well-known THE PEACEABLE KINGDOM, depicting a serene world of animal
26) 8) dialog: What'd they give you?  Thorazine?  How much?  Learn your drugs -- know your doses.
26) 10) dialog: A telephone call?  That's communication with the outside world!  Doctor's discretion.  Hey, if alla these nuts could just make phone calls, it could spread.  Insanity oozing through telephone cables, oozing into the ears of all those poor sane people, infecting them!  Whackos everywhere!  A plague of madness. (suddenly sly and confidential)
26) 18) dialog: So if you want to watch a particular program, say "All My Children" or something, you go to the Charge Nurse and tell her what day and time the show you want to see is on.  But you have to tell her before the show is scheduled to be on.  There was this one guy who was always requesting shows that had already played.  He couldn't quite grasp the idea that the Charge Nurse couldn't just make it be yesterday for him, turn back time ha ha.  What a fruitcake!! This last thought actually penetrates COLE'S focus on the he turns to JEFFREY who's picking up speed again.
26) 19) dialog: Seriously, more and more people are being defined now as mentally ill.  Why? Because they're not consuming on their own.  But as patients, they becone consumers of mental health care.  And this gives the so-called sane people work! (hysteria again)
26) 25) dialog: (calming himself, smiling)
26) 28) dialog: This is TJ Washington, Jim -- he doesn't really come from outer space.
26) 32) dialog: Staff!  Whoo!  Time for Staff.  Now the geniuses cure you.  Hallelujah!
31) 1) text: It won't work. You can't open it. Alarmed, COLE turns, sees JEFFREY in the next bed.
31) 2) dialog: You think you can remove the grill but you can't.  It's welded. COLE checks the grill anyway.
31) 3) dialog: See?  I toldja.  And all the doors are locked, too.  They're protecting the people on the outside from us.  But the people outside are as crazy as us. COLE has become preoccupied with a small SPIDER creeping the window sill.  He's staring at it when he's distracted sudden SOUND.  Grabbing the SPIDER, COLE scrambles back i just as the door opens and an ORDERLY probes the dark roo the blade of his flashlight. ANGLE ON COLE, in bed, feigning sleep. The flashlight clicks off and COLE hears the door close. For a long moment the ward is silent except for BREATHING SNORES, occasional MOANS.  Then, COLE hears JEFFREY'S hoa whisper, picking up right where he left off.
31) 4) dialog: You know what "crazy" is?  "crazy" is "majority rules".  Take germs for example. Although COLE is preoccupied with the SPIDER struggling t out of his fist, he can't help reacting to the word, "ger
31) 6) dialog: In the 18th century there was no such thing!  Nobody'd ever imagined such a thing -- no sane person anyway.  Along comes this doctor...Semmelweiss, I think.  He tries to convince people... other doctors mostly...that there are these teeny tiny invisible "bad things" called germs that get into your body and make you...sick!  He's trying to get doctors to wash their hands.  What is this guy...crazy?  Teeny tiny invisible whaddayou call 'em?..."germs"! As JEFFREY warms to his subject, getting excited, COLE tr figure out where to put the SPIDER. JEFFREY (cont.)
31) 7) text: So cut to the 20th century!  Last week in fact, right before I got dragged into this hellhole.  I order a burger in this fast food joint.  The waiter drops it on the floor.  He picks it up, wipes it off, hands it to me...like it was all okay. No alternative.  COLE pops the SPIDER in his mouth and sw it as JEFFREY prattles on...
31) 8) dialog: "What about the germs?"  I say.  He goes, "I don't believe in germs.  Germs are just a plot they made up so they can sell you disinfectants and soap!" Now, he's crazy, right?  Hey, you believe in germs, don't you?
31) 10) dialog: Of course not, I never thought you were. You want to escape, right?  That's very sane.  I can help you.  You want me to, don't you?  Get you out?
31) 12) dialog: Why don't I escape, that's what you were going to ask me, right?  'Cause I'd be crazy to escape!  I'm all taken care of, see?  I've sent out word.
31) 14) dialog: I've managed to contact certain underlings, evil spirits, secretaries of secretaries, and assorted minions, who will contact my father. When he learns I'm in this kind of place, he'll have them transfer me to one of those classy joints where they treat you...properly.
31) 18) dialog: Sorry.  Really sorry.  Got a little agitated.  The thought of escaping crossed my mind and suddenly...suddenly I felt LIKE BENDING THE FUCKING BARS
31) 22) dialog: You dumb assholes!  I'm a mental patient! I'm supposed to act out.  Wait til you morons find out who I am.  My father's gonna be really upset.  AND WHEN MY
32) 0) text: ANGLE ON TV SCREEN/A VIDEO IMAGE OF A LAB MONKEY, convuls pathetically, a victim of shocks from the numerous wires to his tiny, restrained body. ANGLE ON COLE, sitting, writing intensely in a magazine w crayon, surrounded by dull-eyed PATIENTS in pajamas and r robes, staring at the shuddering LAB MONKEY on the TV scr JEFFREY'S VOICE (o.s.)
32) 1) text: Torture!  Experiments!  We're all monkeys COLE locks up, startled, as JEFFREY, one eye bruised blac the seat next to him.
32) 3) dialog: Not as bad as what they're doing to kitty. ANGLE ON TV, showing a laboratory CAT turning in mad circ eating its own tail, while a NEWS REPORTER narrates. TV NEWS REPORTER (v.o.)
32) 6) dialog: (startled, turning)
32) 10) dialog: You know -- your plan. As COLE stares, befuddled, JEFFREY sees COLE'S magazine.
32) 11) dialog: What're you writing?  You a reporter?
32) 14) dialog: A lawsuit?  You going to sue them? Just then BILLINGS looms over COLE, extending a cup full
33) 2) text: We'll return to the Marx Brothers in "Monkey Business" following these messages. JEFFREY'S VOICE (o.s.)
33) 3) text: Monkey Business!  Monk Key Business. COLE sees JEFFREY sliding into the next chair and smirkin
33) 5) dialog: Get it?  Monk - Key.  Monk! (big grin)
33) 6) text: Key! JEFFREY flashes his palm open for one quick moment.  A KE
33) 9) dialog: Wooooo, they really dosed you, bro. Major load!  Listen up -- try and get it together.  Focus!  Focus!  The plan! Remember?  I did my part.
33) 11) dialog: Not, "what", babe!  When! "When???"
33) 12) dialog: (pressing the key into Cole's hand)
33) 15) dialog: (leaping to his feet)
33) 18) text: A portfolio tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your loved ones... ANGLE ON COLE, dumbfounded, watching JEFFREY dance crazil
33) 19) dialog: 
33) 21) dialog: 
33) 30) dialog: 
33) 35) dialog: 
33) 39) text: God damn you, Jeffrey, quit playing the fool. ANGLE ON COLE, hesitating.  He locks at the door...blurri and out of focus.  He looks down at the key in his hand. ANGLE ON JEFFREY, being grabbed by the ORDERLIES.  JEFFRE resists wildly as they struggle to overpower him.
33) 40) dialog: 
75) 8) text: Tell me more about Jeffrey.
75) 10) text: Jeffrey started getting bored with the shit we do...picketing, leafleting, letter-writing stuff.  He said we were, "ineffectual liberal jerkoffs".  He wanted to do guerrilla "actions" to "educate" the public. COLE holds up a clipping showing horrified SENATORS stand their desks as RATTLESNAKES slither along the Senate Floo
76) 7) text: You know Dr. Mason's son, Jeffrey Mason, don't you, James?  You met him in the County Hospital six years ago. COLE is studying the map again.
81) 2) text: The dangers of science are a time worn threat, from Prometheus stealing fire from the Gods to the Cold War era of the Dr. Strangelove Terror. AGENT #3 spots who he's looking for.  JEFFREY MASON! DR. MASON (cont.)
81) 3) text: But never before, not even at Los Alamos when the scientists made bets on whether their first atomic bomb test would wipe out New Mexico, has science given us so much reason to fear the power we have at hand. ANGLE ON JEFFREY, as AGENT #3 whispers in his ear.
81) 4) dialog: What are you talking about?  What friend?  I'm not expecting anyone. ANGLE ON DR. MASON, reacting with irritation to the distu
81) 6) dialog: This is ridiculous.  My father is making a major address.
82) 0) text: The conversation continues as JEFFREY and AGENT #3 enter
83) 0) text: COLE, smudged with dirt and car grease, sitting in the sh a wingback chair, looks up as JEFFREY and AGENT #3 enter room.  A FOURTH AGENT looms beside the wingback chair.
83) 1) dialog: (dismissing Cole casually)
83) 5) dialog: (turning to leave)
83) 9) dialog: Excuse me -- what did you say?
83) 11) dialog: Arnold...Arnold. COLE is astonished.  The AGENTS are, too.
83) 12) dialog: (stepping back)
83) 16) dialog: Of course I know him.  What do you think -- I act like this to strangers? Listen -- you fellas are terrific.  I thought you were pulling a number on me.  What a terrible thing if you'd thrown old Arnie out.  I owe you guys the big apologia!  Mea culpa, fellas. (turning to Cole)
83) 17) text: Christ, Arnie, it's black tie!  I mean, I said, "drop by," but, like, this is Dad's big "do"...vips, senators, secret service, and...and everything. JEFFREY throws an arm around COLE'S shoulder and starts l him toward the door as the two AGENTS exchange narrow-eye
83) 19) dialog: Arnold Pettibone.  Old Arnie Pettibone. Used to be my best friend.  Still is. What've you lost, Arnie -- forty pounds? No wonder I didn't know you. You hungry? Lots of dead cow, dead lamb, dead pig. Real killer feast we're putting on tonight. The AGENTS watch JEFFREY lead the limping, disheveled COL
84) 1) dialog: Hey, nice ta see ya.  Lookin' good!  Hi, there.  Yes, it has been a long time. In the b.g., too far away to hear them, AGENT #4 trails J COLE as they maneuver through the GUESTS toward the grand
84) 2) dialog: (whispers to Cole)
84) 6) dialog: We need to talk.  Come on.  Upstairs. (to a guest)
84) 10) dialog: Come on, follow me.  You don't lock so good. JEFFREY starts guiding COLE up the grand staircase as COL back, spots AGENT #3 and AGENT #4, both keeping an eye on
84) 12) dialog: (brightening suddenly)
84) 15) dialog: Remember?  We were in the dayroom, watching TV, and you were all upset about the...desecration of the planet. And you said to me, "Wouldn't it be great if there was a germ or a virus that could wipe out mankind and leave the plants and animals just as they are?"  You do remember that, don't you?
84) 17) dialog: And that's when I told you my father was this famous virologist and you said, "Hey, he could make a germ and we could steal it!"
84) 22) dialog: You're right!  Absolutely right.  Me's a nut case, totally deranged.  Delusional! Paranoid.  HIS PROCESSOR'S ALL FUCKED UP, HIS INFORMATION TRAY IS JAMMED. AGENT #4 is wishing JEFFREY would chill out even as the T AGENT is climbing up the staircase to help. COLE is like a trapped animal. He's being led down the st now with JEFFREY, right on his heels, yelling so EVERYONE
84) 23) dialog: 
84) 34) dialog: 
123) 0) text: JEFFREY, BEN, TEDDY, and two of JEFFREY'S youthful cohort and KWESKIN, wait motionless beside a heap of cardboard c as FALE peeks out the front window through a slit between
123) 4) dialog: Whine, whine, whine.  What about walkie talkies?  We used to have walkie talkies.
125) 0) text: FALE watches JEFFREY go over a check list while KWESKIN, and TEDDY organize materials, and BEN peeks out the small between posters at the front window.
125) 1) dialog: You get the bolt cutters?
125) 4) dialog: (grins)
125) 10) dialog: (erupting)
125) 16) dialog: Ex-psychiatrist!  Now, what about flashlights?  How many flashlights...?
127) 4) dialog: 
127) 9) text: Then how come she knows what's going on? JEFFREY abruptly switches from rage to good humor, adopti supercilious smile and a patronizing tone.
127) 10) dialog: Here's my theory on that.  While I was institutionalized, my brain was studied exhaustively in the guise of mental health. I was interrogated, x-rayed, studied thoroughly.  Then, everything about me was entered into a computer where they created a model of my mind. They all stare, mesmerized, at the strutting JEFFREY.  Is serious?  Is he crazy?  Doesn't matter -- he's charismati JEFFREY (cont.)
127) 11) text: Then, using the computer model, they generated every thought I could possibly have in the next, say ten years, which they then filtered through a probability matrix to determine everything I was going to do in that period.  So you see, she knew I was going to lead the Army of the Twelve Monkeys into the pages of history before it ever even occurred to me.  She knows everything I'm ever going to do before I know it myself.  How about that? JEFFREY smiles smugly into FALE'S flabbergasted face.
127) 12) dialog: Now I have to get going -- do my part. You guys check all this stuff out and load up the van.  Make sure you have everything.  I'm outta here. JEFFREY exits.  The others stare at the door.
142) 4) dialog: Let's do it!
144) 0) text: The GARBAGE BAG squirms and grunts as JEFFREY holds a map flashlight and goes over "the plan" with the other ACTIVI
144) 1) dialog: Okay, that's Stage One.  In Stage Two, Monkey Four is over here... A loud GROAN from the bag distracts the others.
144) 4) dialog: Ah, but cruelty is his specialty.
144) 6) dialog: Want the full effect? Grinning wickedly, JEFFREY rips the tape from his father'
144) 10) dialog: What...virus?
144) 12) text: She knew about it, Jeffrey.  She knew you were going to try this.
144) 13) dialog: What virus are we talking about, Dad?
144) 15) dialog: You "develop" viruses and you're calling me insane?  Typical.  What does this virus attack?  Don't tell me, you sick fuck, it doesn't matter. (to the others)
144) 18) dialog: 
146) 1) text: What are you doing to me?  Where are we?  Jeffrey, please... SANDY'S VOICE (o.s.)
146) 2) text: For God's sake, put the tape back on his mouth! The GORILLA bellows angrily, beating his chest. JEFFREY'S VOICE (o.s.)
155) 14) text: In the meantime, numerous animal rights activists have joined the chorus condemning what they're calling the "loose canon" activities of Jeffrey Mason and his Army of the Twelve Monkeys. RIGHTS ACTIVIST/RADIO (o.s.)