2) 7) dialog: "Volunteers" again. JOSE immediately rolls over and feigns sleep as SCARFACE, menacing guard with a jagged scar running down his cheek, close to COLE's cage and unlocks it.
48) 12) text: I gotta find 'em.  I gotta find 'em. Please, you gotta help me! COLE turns, sees... It's his friend, JOSE, the Puerto Rican kid from the next the "underground" time.  He's being carried past COLE now stretcher, blood all over his torso, horribly wounded.
48) 14) dialog: 
48) 15) dialog: Cole!  Oh, God, Cole, where are we? JOSE reaches out to COLE just as a PHOTOGRAPHER takes a F PICTURE of the kid being carried off on the stretcher.  S SHOTS RING OUT.  COLE goes down.  Hit in the leg! SOLDIERS in gas masks rush past him like giant insects. Looking to his left, COLE sees the CAPTAIN lying beside h from a chest wound, his gas mask half off. COLE is reaching for the mask when... A SHELL HITS CLOSE BY WITH AN ENORMOUS EXPLOSION.
50) 3) text: During such an attack in the French trenches in October, 1917, we have an account of this soldier... ON THE SCREEN, a slide of an old deteriorated photograph JOSE, the Puerto Rican kid, strapped to a stretcher, bein by SOLDIERS through the trenches during an attack.  JOSE to be ranting madly as the projector ZOOMS CLOSER on his the image approximates Munch's famous painting. RAILLY'S VOICE (cant. o.s.)
50) 4) text: -- who, during an assault, was wounded by shrapnel and hospitalized behind the lines where Doctors discovered he had lost all comprehension of French but spoke English fluently, albeit in a regional dialect they didn't recognize. The man, although physically unaffected by the gas, was hysterical.  He claimed he had come from the future, that he was looking for a pure germ that would ultimately wipe mankind off the face of the earth in the year... 1995! The AUDIENCE gives a nervous CHUCKLE. ON THE SCREEN, a different old photograph of JOSE.  This he's in a military hospital, gaunt, haunted, very ill. RAILLY'S VOICE (cont. o.s.)
116) 0) text: Her hand still on the receiver, RAILLY looks shocked.  Th hurries into her study and starts frantically pulling nea arranged piles of papers and books from a bookcase until finds a copy of her book.  She leafs through it hurriedly locates the picture of the Puerto Rican KID (JOSE) in WWI Peering closely, she tries to see everything in the pictu Then, she turns and reaches for a research folder of old photographs and rummages through it until she finds...!!!
163) 3) dialog: Pulling out the tooth, man, that was nuts!  Here, take this. JOSE tries to slip COLE a 9mm pistol.  Astonished, COLE r
163) 5) dialog: Me?  Are you kiddin?  You're the one! You were a hero, man.  They gave you a pardon!  And whadda you do?  You come back and fuck with your teeth!  Wow!
163) 7) dialog: The phone call, man.  The phone call.
163) 9) dialog: Hey, five minutes ago, thirty years ago! Yes, that phone call.  I been in training for this a couple a months now -- ever since I got back from that... "weird" war we were in.  You remember that? (pressing the pistol on Cole)
166) 0) text: In the confusion of TRAVELERS streaming in different dire COLE hurries toward the Gift Shop while JOSE struggles to
166) 1) dialog: Coma on, Cole, don't be an asshole. (then, blurting it out)
166) 3) dialog: I got no choice, man.  These are my orders.  Just take it, okay? COLE accepts the gun this time, resigned now.  They've go
166) 5) dialog: Hey, man...
166) 7) dialog: They gave you a pardon, man.  Whatdaya want?