130) 22) dialog: This is my territory, bitch!
130) 26) text: Excuse me, I think we have a little misunderstanding here... WALLACE smashes RAILLY in the face.  She flies back again wall and onto the floor as WALLACE spins around to COLE w stepping toward him, but WALLACE is now holding a knife
130) 27) dialog: What're you -- some kind of tough guy? You wanna be a hero?  You gonna try and mess with me?  Come on... A beat.  COLE puts his hands up placatingly as he backs a WALLACE and moves to RAILLY, whose eye is already swellin
130) 28) dialog: Now that's a smart boy.  But you, honey, you think you can go 'round me and peddle your fancy ass in this part of town, you bet your life we got what I would call a major goddamn misunderstandin'. RAILLY reaches a hand up to COLE for assistance, but, he her purse instead, swings it around, SMASHES WALLACE in t with it, then grabs the pimp's arm and SNAPS it like it w twig!  The knife clatters to the floor as WALLACE yelps i and COLE slams him to the floor, straddles his chest, ret the near-by knife, and presses it sharply against WALLACE
130) 31) dialog: (eyes bulging)
130) 38) text: They're killing him!  Call the cops. Being very careful not to move his neck, WALLACE reaches pocket and produces a thick roll of bills, which RAILLY g
130) 39) dialog: You two are crazy.  I got friends.  You put me in a closet, they're gonna be really pissed. COLE moves off Wallace and, keeping the knife close, yank his teeth while RAILLY hurries to the window and looks ou HER POV:  A fire escape leads down into an alley. RAILLY turns just in time to see COLE shove WALLACE into bathroom, follow him in, slam the door behind them, and L
131) 1) text: James, what are you doing? WALLACE cowers back against the shower stall.
131) 2) dialog: I have friends, man -- if you cut me... WALLACE breaks off, bug-eyed, reacting to something we do
131) 3) dialog: What...the...fuck..are you doing???
138) 0) text: The PLAINCLOTHES COP charges into the room in a crouch, p extended in both hands.  He pans the gun around the empty HIS POV:  the open window...the blood on the floor. WALLACE'S VOICE (from the bathroom)