24) 6) dialog: (matter of fact) Why? You know where I live?
24) 8) dialog: Good, then that makes one of us. Surprised by his sharpness, Iris opens the passenger door places Arthur's walker in the backseat then helps Arthur to the front seat. Iris runs back to the driver's side, jumps in, starts driving. Arthur removes something from h seat.
24) 10) dialog: No, I did not.
24) 12) dialog: Which one? The brick monstrosity or the one behind the gates no one can see.
24) 14) dialog: Yeah? How is it back there?
24) 16) dialog: Had no idea I was so close.
24) 18) dialog: ~- Smaller? iRIS (laughs) Just a little.
24) 19) dialog: I've lived here 47 years. Back then there were only 6 houses on this block. Every year, they tear (MORE)
24) 21) dialog: another one down...not that I blame them...they weren't great to begin with but that's how I got confused, didn't recognize one house.
24) 23) dialog: What part of England are you from?
24) 25) dialog: Cary Grant was from Surrey.
24) 27) dialog: He told me once. Well, I thank you very much young lady... Arthur can't find the door handle, keeps feeling for it.
24) 29) dialog: Well, this was some meet cute.
24) 31) dialog: It's how two characters meet in a movie. Say a man and a woman both need something to sleep in and both go to the same Men's Pajama Department. The man says to the salesman, "I just need bottoms” and the woman says, "I just need a top". They look at each other and that's it. That's the meet cute. This isn't quite that cute, but...
24) 33) text: Was. Yes I was. I was a writer. They've arrived at Arthur's FRONT DOOR. Arthur takes out key, his hand shakes as he tries to get it in the keyhole Iris watches as he repeatedly tries to insert the key.
24) 34) dialog: I could be here 'til tomorrow.
25) 0) text: Faded seventies decor. Iris peeks through the rooms, sees office with lots of books, a cluttered desk, an electric typewriter and sitting in front of a window, amongst asso knick-knacks -- a dusty Oscar. Stunned, Iris turns her attention back to Arthur who is slowly turning on a lamp.
25) 2) dialog: I thank you for rescuing me.
25) 4) dialog: Busy? Honey, I haven't been busy since 1978.
26) 0) text: Iris and Arthur sit in a booth by the window, mid-meal. B are drinking beer. 52
26) 2) dialog: Actually, my first job was as a Western Union messenger. That's how I met Mayer. I delivered a telegram to his office at MGM. When I walked in, the girls in the office were all in a tizzy...their office boy didn't show up and the boss was screaming. I volunteered for the jcb and the next day I was on the payroll. I was seventeen years old.
26) 4) dialog: Well, you gotta remember, there was no such thing as film school back then. You learned by being there. I met everybody working in Mayer's office -- all the big stars, the directors... But the ones who impressed me were the writers. They were witty, sophisticated guys with huge intellects... not to mention, they got all the great women. So I started writing and before long I was in the writer's building. They gave me a lovely office, a desk, a secretary, a big davenport. I never wanted to leave.
26) 6) dialog: It was better... (takes a good look at her) You know what I've been asking myself all night? Why would a beautiful girl like you go to a stranger's house for her Christmas vacation and on top of that, spend her Saturday night with an old cocker like me. That's gotta be a story. 53
26) 8) dialog: -. So, he's a schmick.
26) 10) dialog: He let you go. This is not a hard one to figure out. {Iris locks up surprised, her eyes still watery) Iris, in the movies, we have leading ladies and we have the best friend. You, I can tell, are a leading lady but for some reason, you're acting like the best friend.
26) 12) dialog: You don’t live to be my age, without learning something. Arthur hands Iris his handkerchief. She wipes her eyes.
26) 13) dialog: So, maybe one day while you're here, I'il take you for a drive and show you the old Hollywood. The one I knew.
26) 15) dialog: I haven't been out of the house at this hour in years. Now you want to go for a drive?
26) 19) dialog: Okay, look up here on the right. That was The Trocadero. The swankiest. of the swank. Black tie every night. I first laid eyes on my wife right there. It was raining. She was standing under an umbrella in a satin dress the color of champagne. Iris LOOKS OVER at the SPOT where the Trocadero was and s AN EMPTY PARKING LOT next to Chin Chin. Arthur doesn't se To see the empty lot as he looks out at it and smiles to himself.
26) 21) dialog: All right, over here, that was Ciro's.
26) 23) dialog: Anyone who was anyone went to Ciro's. They had a terrific orchestra. And great fights brceke eut at Ciro's. Every night ended with a black eye. It was tremendous. iris looks over and sees THE COMEDY STORE where Ciro's us to be.
26) 24) dialog: Okay, now, this place was owned by the great Preston Sturges. 55. Iris LOOKS OUT her window and sees MIYAGI'S a large JAPAN RESTAURANT.
26) 25) dialog: It used to be called The Player's Club. He opened it in the summer of 1940 and if he felt like closing down for the night and just antertaining his cronies, that's what he did. To me, this was the hilt. Arthur stares up at the Player's Club and for a split sec SEES IT AS IT ONCE WAS: 1940's Packards and Caddies linin the curb and elegantly dressed Men and Women entering the front door. Tris looks over at Arthur. He realizes he's been day dreaming.
26) 26) dialog: I think that's enough, kid. I'm pooped.
26) 28) dialog: On the way home, we'll take a little detour. I'll show you Bogart's house.
35) 0) text: Arthur and two of his friends, ERNIE and NORMAN, both aro 80, sit around the table. The men all look sharp. Marta, the Mexican Housekeeper makes latkes at the cooktop. Mile and Iris ENTER, the boys quiet down.
35) 6) dialog: That's code for, you didn’t know I was still alive.
35) 8) dialog: You going to join us?
35) 11) dialog: We've got plenty. Sit next to Iris.
35) 14) dialog: -- Don't listen to them, they're nuts.
35) 16) dialog: Never. I married very young.
35) 20) dialog: What'd he sey? She had the greatest ass?
35) 24) dialog: She had real gumption. She was the girl I always wrote... Iris is touched by that.
35) 30) dialog: Lock - he’s half dead and still interested. 69.
35) 33) dialog: Well, her loss is our gain. {looks at Iris looking at Miles) Fellas, I think we should leave these young folks and get back to our bedpans.
46) 0) text: Arthur is in his office, behind his desk, reading the Los Angeles Times with a magnifying glass. Iris ENTERS, holdi his meil.
46) 2) dialog: (drops the paper) I counted. Nine movies are opening today. I remember when nine movies would open in a month. Half the movies I wrote would never have had a chance in today's world. Now a picture has to make a killing in the first weekend or they're dead. This is supposed to be conducive to great work? What if every book had to be read in one weekend or every painting had to be seen the day it was hung in the museum? Who knew movies would turn into a sporting event?
46) 4) dialog: I may have slowed down a little, but yes. You gotta fight the fight, kid.
46) 6) dialog: I don't think the windows open in here. 83. Iris tries to open one. It's difficult, but she manages t pry it open, then opens the next. She leans over Arthur's Oscar...touches it when he's not looking.
46) 7) dialog: I like that Miles by the way.
46) 9) dialog: He's got eyes for you...
46) 11) dialog: And the first night she's out of town who does he go visit?
46) 13) dialog: I'm just saying...a girl ona mission such as yourself may want to pay attention to a thing like that.
46) 15) dialog: You watching the movies T recommended?
46) 17) dialog: Gumption. 90
46) 19) dialog: No. They keep writing me about the same thing.
46) 23) dialog: Would you like to walk out onto a stage on a walker, looking a hundred years old and see eleven shnooks who showed up to see you? they can forget it. I mean, its very nice...one little old lady in the office probably just found out I'm still alive and said,’Ew, let's give him a night’. But no, I ain't fallin' for this. Now, what's up?
46) 25) dialog: What? We should go for a jog?
46) 31) dialog: I would take you proudly, but darling, I'm not going. Anyway, how would you propose to get me in shape? Seriously.
47) 0) text: Arthur and Iris are walking side by side in the pool. The reach one side.
48) 0) text: Arthur is on the recumbent bike. He's not peddling.
48) 2) dialog: {still not peddling) IT eam.
49) 0) text: Iris and Arthur, in their sweats, are drinking orange jui When Arthur's not looking, Iris moves his walker to where can't reach it. thur finishes his juice and unbeknownst t him, walks perfectly to his walker.
55) 0) text: Arthur is having a new suit fitted. Iris watches, then Mi steps in with directions for the tailor. INT. LENSCRAFTERS — DAY Arthur sits in front of the mirror in his too big glasses from the eighties. Miles hands him a pair from the 21st Century. He tries them on and Iris whistles.
64) 16) dialog: Iris, you're a knock out. 123
64) 18) dialog: Did I do my tie okay? I haven't worn one in so long.
64) 20) dialog: I like this Hugo Boss. He cuts a nice suit. I got you something. Arthur reaches inside and brings out a Box with a WRIST CORSAGE in it. Iris can't believe it.
64) 21) dialog: Forgive me, last time I had a date, this is what we did.
64) 23) dialog: If it's too corny or if it's gonna ruin your outfit...you don't have to wear it.
64) 25) dialog: Nice line.
64) 27) dialog: (smiles, then) Ckay, let's do it. Let's get this embarrassment over with.
65) 1) dialog: Do not feel bad for me if only a couple of dozen people are there. (MORE )
65) 3) dialog: I‘m not exactly Quentin Tarantino. I don't even think people appreciate the old films anymore for the writing. It's the directors they remember. Plus it's the holidays...people are away...
65) 6) dialog: (to Driver) Stay here. We'll be out real fast.
66) 0) text: Iris helps Arthur through the fairly empty Lobby. A Young Film Student type approaches Arthur.
66) 2) dialog: Yes, sir.
66) 7) dialog: (fxom the podium) Thank you. I'm absolutely overwhelmed... (then) --that I could climb those stairs. Laughter from the audience.
66) 8) dialog: Thank you very much for coming tonight. I am honored. I came to Hollywood over sixty years ago and immediately fell in love with motion pictures. And it's a love affair that's lasted a lifetime. When I first arrived there were no cineplexes or multiplexes. No such thing as a blockbuster. I was here B.c.. Before cable, before DVD, before conglomerates owned the studios, before pictures had special effects teams and definitely before box office results were reported on the nightly news. To make a good picture, all we needed was a girector, a producer, actors and a writer with a story to tell. our vocabulary was a simple one. Emotion, dreams, tears and laughter.