7) 0) text: The Man we saw driving the Porsche (on page 2), wakes up couch. Pillow under his head, blanket over him. He is in great looking room in a great. looking, sun filled house. 6,000 square feet in prime Brentwood. The house has the relaxed good taste you get with a smart decorator. The Man is ETHAN, artistic good locks, almost forty, tous hair, T-shirt, boxers, vintage Rolex and a large dose of narcissism which he has never discussed with his shrink. ii. Ethan sits up, runs his hand through his hair, looks arou and catches the eye of the uniformed Gardener, blowing Eucalyptus leaves outside a wall of windows.
7) 2) dialog: Amanda? ives Ethan a nod toward the bedroom and a look that sugge A HOUSEKEEPER passes him ON HER WAY DOWN the stairs. She giv he* s in trouble. Ethan continues up the stairs and stops outside of the MA BEDROOM DOOR. He hesitates, opens it and A SNEAKER FLIES HIS HEAD. HE DUCKS. The thrower of the sneaker is AMANDA WOODS, wearing white pajamas, a bed-head of fabulous hair, a necklace with som sort of diamond pendant and a red Kabbalah string bracele Amanda wouldn't know how to play the victim if she was on Men don't just fall for this woman, they fall under her spell. Fiercely intelligent, blazing eyes, a big city gir with a small town in her past. At the moment, she's about explode.
7) 3) dialog: May I just say again that I didn't sleep with her.
7) 5) dialog: A bunch of us were working all night...she wanted to hang out.
7) 9) dialog: First of all, i did not sleep with her and secondly, we've had problems for over a year. You don't want. to deal with that, I know, but we have... so let’s not make this about Amy.
7) 11) dialog: If you work too much?! Amanda, you cut 75 trailers this year. You put a cutting room in the house, you sleep with your blackberry. Look at your side of the bed...it's like a work station..... When was the last time we had sex? Want to take a guess?
7) 13) dialog: That's not true. Okay? 13.
7) 15) dialog: I thought you wanted me to get my clothes? She backs him OUT THE DOOR and DOWN THE STAIRS:
7) 17) dialog: I don't even know what that means except that you're criticizing the way I loved you. I did the best I could. Is anyone good enough for that job? That hurts. She opens the FRONT DOOR, tosses Ethan his ke then moves him OUT THE DOOR.
7) 19) dialog: You know you do this, right? You screw up every relationship you've ever been in. It's what you do. Amanda SLAMS THE DOOR on him. As she RUNS BACK UP THE STA she HEARS:
7) 22) dialog: And it's hard to detect how you even do it ‘cause nobody's quite as smart as you, so you're hard to catch at it, but it always surfaces and this is what happens. Amanda OPENS an Upstairs Window, looks down.
7) 24) dialog: (looking up at her) Things end. Just like you kmew they would. Look, you know how I feel about you. There's nobody like you, but you don't want to be what I need. {corrects himself) Not, "I" need... you know what I mean...
7) 26) dialog: And neither would I. Okay?! Look at me...I'm sweating like a God damned pig and look at you, you‘re the only woman on earth who breaks up with her boyfriend and doesn't shed a tear. That means something doesn't it?
7) 28) dialog: I didn't say you don't need me enough although that's probably true too. Amanda rubs her chest. Ouch. 15.
7) 30) dialog: I know. I was thinking about me.
7) 32) dialog: (beaten) Okay. (that got her attention) Yes. Okay. I slept with her. You happy? I've been sleeping with her. She's in love with me. She's young and... The Gardener looks over at Ethan, shaking his head. What
7) 33) dialog: I-I'm not proud of this... Amanda nods, disappears into the bedroom.
7) 34) dialog: Amanda..? A beat and the FRONT DCOR OPENS and Amanda very calmly CROSSES TO ETHAN.
7) 36) dialog: I didn't mean that. You get me nuts then I say things I don't mean.
7) 38) dialog: {doesn't want to hear it) Just.. What? No, what?
7) 40) dialog: (not dealing with her) Okay...
7) 42) dialog: No matter what you think and I know you have a very high opinion of yourself -- this isn’t all me. And’ when you're not in such a rage, you'll know it too.
36) 0) text: Iris opens the door for Miles who holds Ethan's lap top a some tin-foiled left overs.