2) 2) text: victims of the one sided affair. We are the cursed of the loved ones. We are the unloved ones. The walking wounded, the handicapped without the advantage of a great parking space. Yes, you are looking at one such individual. Yes, there...in the blue sweater. That's right. That's me. And I have willingly loved that man -- (and we see HIM across the room, drink in hand, talking to a small group) -- for over three miserable years. The absolute worst years of my life. The worst Christmases, the worst birthdays, New Year's Eves brought in by tears and Xanax. These years that I have been in love have been the darkest days of my life...all because I've been cursed by being in love with a man who does not and will not love me back. Oh, God, here he comes...heart pounding ...throat thickening..-absolutely can't swallow... all the usual symptoms. We are looking at IRIS, smartest girl in the room althoug she doesn't know it. Sweet to her core. The unrealized he of her own life. Iris slips back, deeper into the crowd and finds a friend face, HANNAH. Hannah is smoking and drinking champagne. Irie takes Hannah's glass and downs it.
2) 4) dialog: (noticing) Oh, Jasper...You're not still?
2) 6) text: Peter, bring Hannah another champagne and one for me, will you? Please? Thank you.
2) 7) dialog: I thought so. (on the QT) What was the story with you two? You were shagging him, weren’t you?
2) 9) dialog: Oh yes, I remember, then you found cut he was shagging that drip from circulation.
2) 15) dialog: But I always see you two together. He cheated on you and you stayed friends?
2) 17) dialog: Does dating mean you're supposed to assume he was shagging other women?
2) 19) dialog: No, it looks like it's from my cigarette. Did he ever tell you he loved you?
2) 21) dialog: You know, Iris, when you catch a guy shagging another woman, you're not supposed to stay friends with him. You're supposed to never talk to the prick again, you're supposed to throw things at him, scream, call him names...nct do his fucking laundry.
2) 23) dialog: I never realized how pathetic you are.