5) 4) text: He always liked me. As Simon goes past him to take the dog from the  Handyman... JACKIE, Frank's junior partner, barking a  laugh at the Party Goer -- VERDELL BARKING some love. As  the others greet Simon, Jackie directs the group inside.  Jackie lingers, looking on affectionately as Simon picks  some awful, sticky gunk from the dog's body... he puts  Verdell down to reach for his wallet -- the tiny DOG YAPS in protest.
27) 3) dialog: We can see him.
28) 0) text: As Jackie enters.
28) 1) dialog: How you doing, great one?
28) 7) dialog: (a small voice)
28) 9) dialog: Wait, I have a smaller one. But he holds out his hand and she gives him the mirror -- he starts to look -- then thinks better of it.
33) 0) text: As the rookie invalid awakens in precisely the same foul  mood he'd had on falling asleep. In the living room, the  maid, NORA, is talking with Jackie -- we catch only a few words as they review Simon's mounting pile of bills and  talk of how long Nora can stay on.
37) 0) text: Simon pats his leg -- trying unsuccessfully to get  Verdell to approach him. Instead the dog goes to the  door and scratches at it. Jackie starts to pick the dog  up.
37) 2) dialog: (to dog)
50) 0) text: Verdell lies just inside the front door whimpering for  Melvin. Jackie sits across from Simon's wheel chair...   she has some index cards in her laps which she  occasionally consults and shuffles.
50) 1) dialog: I feel terrible that I have to...  Simon? Forget about the dog for a  second. Simon forces his attention to Jackie.
50) 3) dialog: (a bit embarrassed)
50) 7) dialog: See, he's right. I need the  cards. (reading from cards)
50) 10) dialog: The medical bill are 61 thousand  now. I've spoken to your parents  and they didn't hang up or  anything -- they just said they  would feel strange calling you.
50) 14) text: Well, here I am, you little pissant  mop, happy to see me? How about  another ride down the chute? Oh,  God...  I don't mean it,  sweetheart...  (on Jackie's look)
50) 16) dialog: Frank loves you. You know that...  but I've spoken to him and he  feels that -- (reading from card)