14) 0) text: A cold night in hell. Three young men bullshit near the  approach to the tunnel. Their names are VINCENT, EVAN  and DOUG, who is the oldest at 28. Vincent is dopey and  the most likeable of the gritty little trio.
15) 0) text: There is a KNOCK at the door -- Simon crosses to answer.  He is more relaxed than we've seen him -- a man at peace  humming to his favorite music, talking to his dog who  scratches at the door. Simon opens the door to Vincent.
15) 4) text: This isn't a nude. Vincent moves back to retrieve his clothes.
15) 5) dialog: Just kidding around. (then mutters)
16) 0) text: Vincent is striking blatantly sexual poses to the  increasingly uneasy Simon.
16) 2) dialog: How about that pose? (sing-song)
16) 4) text: Give me some direction. Vincent has instinctively put Simon on the defensive. He  tries not to show it.
16) 6) dialog: (trying another space)
16) 9) dialog: I know exactly what you mean. There's a joy in him at this moment -- a bit of purity.
18) 0) text: The greenhouse studio is a busy sanctuary, as Simon puts  the finishing touches on his painting of Vincent. A beat  and then a strange figure crosses between the CAMERA and  the scene -- gone before we can examine him further.
19) 1) dialog: So you're practically finished,  huh?
19) 3) dialog: Wait -- I want to see the  painting.
19) 5) dialog: Please!! NO!!! Simon opens the door and Verdell shoots out like a  bullet. Vincent pauses before the painting and is thrown  to see his humanity captured -- to be "immortalized." 
20) 0) text: Doug and Evan are nearly to the front door as VERDELL  stops them with a vicious GROWL and BARK. Simon is distracted -- looking down at his pet so that he continues to walk toward Doug and Evan, not noticing  them -- Vincent, terribly afraid, appears behind Simon.
20) 2) text: What's the matter, sweetheart? He instantly stops. Shocked. Frozen. His eyes on the  stranger, Doug, looking at him. Now Vincent comes in.  Doug greets him.
20) 5) dialog: No. No. No. Hey, that painting  in there...  I just want to tell  you...  Now Evan appears holding a brass hat rack.