0) 0) text: PUSHING IN on one of the falling submersibles, called MIR its circular viewport to see the occupants. INSIDE, it is a cramped seven foot sphere, crammed with e MIKAILAVICH, the sub's pilot, sits hunched over his contr softly in Russian. Next to him on one side is BROCK LOVETT. He's in his late tanned, and likes to wear his Nomex suit unzipped to show famous shipwrecks covering his gray chest hair. He is a w treasure hunter, a salvage superstar who is part historia and part vacuum cleaner salesman. Right now, he is proppe scrubber, fast asleep and snoring. On the other side, crammed into the remaining space is a named LEWIS BODINE, sho is also asleep. Lewis is an R.O.V OPERATED VEHICLE) pilot and is the resident Titanic exper Anatoly glances at the bottom sonar and makes a ballast a
4) 0) text: THE SAFE, dripping wet in the afternoon sun, is lowered o ship by a winch cable. We are on the Russian research vessel AKADEMIK MISTISLAV has gathered, including most of the crew of KELDYSH, the hand-wringing money guy named BOBBY BUELL who represents partners. There is also a documentary video crew, hired b his moment of glory. Everyone crowds around the safe. In the background Mir Tw into its cradle on deck by a massive hydraulic arm. Mir O recovered with Lewis Bodine following Brock Lovett as he safe like a kid on Christman morning.
4) 4) text: Rolling. Brock nods to his technicians, and they set about drillin hinges. During this operation, Brock amps the suspense, w fill the time.
5) 5) text: Hang on a second. A tech coaxes some letters in the water tray to one side revealing a pencil (conte crayon) drawing of a woman. Brock looks closely at the drawing, which is in excellent edges have partially disintegrated. The woman is beautifu rendered. In her late teens or early twenties, she is nud with a kind of casual modesty. She is on an Empire divan, light that seems to radiate outward from her eyes. Scrawl right corner is the date: April 14 1912. And the initials The girl is not entirely nude. At her throat is a diamond large stone hanging in the center. Lovett grabs a reference photo from the clutter on the la period black-and-white photo of a diamond necklace on a b jeller's display stand. He holds it next to the drawing. same piece... a complex setting with a massive central st almost heart-shaped.
5) 9) text: Treasure hunter Brock Lovett is best known for finding Sp sunken galleons in the Caribbean. Now he is using deep su technology to work two and a half miles down at another f Titanic. He is with us live via satellite from a Russian the middle of the Atlantic... hello Brock?
10) 0) text: Brock and Bodine are watching Mir 2 being sweng over the dive.
12) 0) text: Lizzy is unpacking Rose's things in the small utilitarian placing a number of FRAMED PHOTOS on the bureau, arrangin next to the fishbowl. Brock and Bodine are in the doorway
13) 0) text: Rose looks at the drawing in its tray of water, confronti a span of 84 years. Until they can figure out the best wa they have to keep it immersed. It sways and ripples, almo TIGHT ON Rose's ancient eyes, gazing at the drawing. 25 FLASHCUT of a man's hand, holding a conte crayon deftl shoulder and the shape of her hair with two efficient lin 26 THE WOMAN'S FACE IN THE DRAWING, dancing under the wat 27 A FLASHCUT of a man's eyes, just visible over the top pad. They look up suddenly right into the LENS. Soft eyes direct. 28 Rose smiles, remembering. Brock has the reference phot in his hand.
38) 2) dialog: Bobby, buy me time. I need time.
38) 4) dialog: Well you tell the hand I need another two days! Bobby, Bo we're close! I smell it. I smell ice. She had the diamond have to find out where it wound up. I just gotta work her Brock turns and sees Lizy standing behind him. She has ov part of his dialogue with Buell. He goes to her and hustl Buell, toward a quite spot on the deck.
38) 5) dialog: Hey, Lizzy. I need to talk to you for a second.
38) 7) dialog: Look, I'm running out of time. I need your help.
38) 11) dialog: (with undisguised desperation)
38) 15) dialog: That's the shape my hand's gonna be when I hold that thin I'm not leaving here without it.
66) 2) dialog: So we're up to dusk on the night of the sinking. Six hour
66) 5) dialog: 26 years of experience working against him. He figures an to sink the ship they're going to see in time to turn. Bu big, with too small a rudder... it can't corner worth shi knows is wrong. ROSE is ignoring this conversation. She has the art-nouve jade butterfly on the handle in her hands, turning it slo watching a monitor, which shows the ruins of Suite B-52/5 the image fills frame.