0) 0) text: PUSHING IN on one of the falling submersibles, called MIR its circular viewport to see the occupants. INSIDE, it is a cramped seven foot sphere, crammed with e MIKAILAVICH, the sub's pilot, sits hunched over his contr softly in Russian. Next to him on one side is BROCK LOVETT. He's in his late tanned, and likes to wear his Nomex suit unzipped to show famous shipwrecks covering his gray chest hair. He is a w treasure hunter, a salvage superstar who is part historia and part vacuum cleaner salesman. Right now, he is proppe scrubber, fast asleep and snoring. On the other side, crammed into the remaining space is a named LEWIS BODINE, sho is also asleep. Lewis is an R.O.V OPERATED VEHICLE) pilot and is the resident Titanic exper Anatoly glances at the bottom sonar and makes a ballast a
6) 0) text: PULL BACK from the screen, showing the CNN report playing the living room of a small rustic house. It is full of ce folk art, the walls crammed with drawings and paintings.. over a lifetime. PANNING to show a glassed-in studio attached to the house quiet morning in Ojai, California. In the studio, amid in an ANCIENT WOMAN is throwing a pot on a potter's wheel. T covers her hands... hands that are gnarled and age-spotte surprisingly strong and supple. A woman in her early fort LOVETT (V.O.)
6) 3) text: I'd rather show you than tell you, and we think we're ver just that. The old woman's name is ROSE CALVERT. Her face is a wrink shapeless and shrunken under a one-piece African-print dr But her eyes are just as bright and alive as those of a y Rose gets up and walks into the living room, wiping potte hands with a rag. A Pomeranian dog gets up and comes in w The younger soman, LIZZY CALVERT, rushes to help her.
6) 5) text: Your expedition is at the center of a storm of controvers rights and even ethics. Many are calling you a grave robb TIGHT ON THE SCREEN.
9) 0) text: SMASH CUT TO AN ENORMOUS SEA STALLION HELICOPTER thunderi ocean. PAN 180 degrees as it roars past. There is no land horizon. The Keldysh is visible in the distance. CLOSE ON A WINDOW of the monster helicopter. Rose's face looking out calmly.
14) 7) text: forward compartments... and the water spills over the top bulkheads, going aft. As her bow is going down, her stern slow at first... and then faster and faster until it's li weight, maybe 20 or 30 thousand tons... out of the water deal... so SKRTTT!! (making a sound in time with the animation) ... it splits! Right down to the keel, which acts like a bow swings down and the stern falls back level... but the pulls the stern up vertical, and then the bow section det the bottom. The stern bobs like a cork, floods and goes u a.m. Two hours and forty minutes after the collision. The animation then follows the bow section as it sinks. R clinical dissection of the disaster without emotion.
15) 2) dialog: You can be blase about some things, Rose, but not about T a hundred feet longer than Mauretania, and far more luxur squash courts, a Parisian cafe... even Turkish baths. Cal turns and fives his hand to Rose's mother, RUTH DEWIT descends from the touring car being him. Ruth is a 40ish from one of the most prominent Philadelphia families. She rules her household with iron will.
15) 3) dialog: Your daughter is much too hard to impress, Ruth. (indicating a puddle)
15) 7) dialog: It is unsinkable. God himself couldn't sink this ship. Cal speaks with the pride of a host providing a special e This entire entourage of rich Americans is impeccably tur quintessential example of the Edwardian upper class, comp servants. Cal's VALET, SPICER LOVEJOY, is a tall and impa undertaker. Behind him emerge TWO MAIDS, personal servant Rose. A WHITE STAR LINE PORTER scurries toward them, harried by loading.
15) 9) dialog: I put my faith in you, good sir.
15) 14) text: These trunks here, and 12 more in the Daimler. We'll have in the rooms. The White Star man looks stricken when he sees the enormo trunks and suitcases loading down the second car, includi and steel safe. He whistles frantically for some cargo-ha come running. Cal breezes on, leaving the minions to scramble. He quick pocket watch.
15) 15) dialog: We'd better hurry. This way, ladies. He indicates the way toward the first class gangway. They crowd. TRUDY BOLT, Rose's maid, hustles behind them, lade mistress's most recent purchases... things too delicate f handlers. Cal leads, weaving between vehicles and handcarts, hurryi (mostly second class and steerage) and well-wishers. Most class passengers are avoiding the smelly press of the doc using an elevated boarding bridge, twenty feet above. They pass a line of steerage passengers in their coarse w queued up inside movable barriers like cattle in a chute. examines their heads one by one, checking scalp and eyela They pass a well-dressed young man cranking the handle of "cinematograph" camera mounted on a tripod. NANIEL MARVIN founded the Biograph Film Studio) is filming his young br the Titanic. MARY MARVIN stands stiffly and smiles, self
15) 17) dialog: Steady!!
15) 19) dialog: Steerage swine. Apparently missed his annual bath.
15) 21) dialog: All part of my charm, Ruth. At any rate, it was my darlin rituals which made us late.
15) 23) dialog: I couldn't let you wear black on sailing day, sweetpea. I
15) 25) dialog: Here I've pulled every string I could to book us on the g history, in her most luxurious suites... and you act as i your execution. Rose looks up as the hull of Titanic looms over them...a Bible black and sever. Cal motions her forward, and she e to the D Deck doors with a sense of overwhelming dread. OLD ROSE (V.O.)
15) 26) text: It was the ship of dreams... to everyone else. To me it w taking me back to America in chains. CLOSE ON CAL'S HAND IN SLOW-MOTION as it closes possessiv arm. He escorts her up the gangway and the black hull of them. OLD ROSE (V.O.)
23) 0) text: By contrast, the so-called "Millionaire Suite" is in the comprises two bedrooms, a bath, WC, wardrobe room, and a room. In addition there is a private 50 foot promenade de A room service waiter pours champagne into a tulip glass and hands the Bucks Fizz to Rose. She is looking through There is a Monet of water lilies, a Degas of dancers, and works. They are all unknown paintings... lost works. Cal is out on the covered deck, which has potted trees an trellises, talking through the doorway to Rose in the sit
23) 1) dialog: Those mud puddles were certainly a waste of money.
23) 5) dialog: (coming into the sitting room)
23) 6) text: He'll never amount to a thing, trust me. At least they we A porter wheels Cal's private safe (which we recognize) i handtruck.
23) 7) dialog: Put that in the wardrobe. 47 IN THE BEDROOM Rose enters with the large Degas of the it on the dresser, near the canopy bed. Trudy is already up some of Rose's clothes.
23) 9) dialog: (looking at Rose)
23) 12) text: S'cuse me, Miss. She edges around Cal and makes a quick exit. Cal comes up puts his hands on her shoulders. An act of possession, no
23) 13) dialog: The first and only. Forever. Rose's expression shows how bleak a prospect this is for
25) 2) text: At Cherbourg a woman came aboard named Margaret Brown, bu her Molly. History would call her the Unsinkable Molly Br had struck gold someplace out west, and she was what moth money". At 45, MOLLY BROWN is a tough talking straightshooter who finery of her genteel peers but will never be one of them OLD ROSE (V.O.)
27) 1) text: Take her to sea Mister Murdoch. Let's stretch her legs. Murdoch moves the engine telegraph lever to ALL AHEAD FUL 53 NOW BEGINS a kind of musical/visual setpiece... an ode ship. The music is rhythmic, surging forward, with a soar addresses the majesty and optimism of the ship of dreams. IN THE ENGINE ROOM the telegraph clangs and moves to "All CHIEF ENGINEER BELL
28) 3) text: Well, I may have knocked her together, but the idea was M envisioned a steamer so grand in scale, and so luxurious appointments, that its supremacy would never be challenge is... (he slaps the table)
28) 8) dialog: She knows. Cal takes the cigarette from her and stubs it out.
28) 9) dialog: (to the waiter)
28) 11) text: You like lamb, don't you sweetpea? Molly is watching the dynamic between Rose, Cal and Ruth.
28) 21) dialog: (tense but feigning unconcern)
30) 0) text: SLOWLY PUSHING IN ON ROSE as she sits, flanked by people conversation. Cal and Ruth are laughing together, while o LADY DUFF-GORDON is holding forth animatedly. We don't he saying. Rose is staring at her plate, barely listening to inconsequential babble around her. OLD ROSE (V.O.)
34) 0) text: Jack is kicked back on one of the benches gazing at the s gloriously overhead. Thinking artist thoughts and smoking Hearing something, he turns as Rose runs up the stairs fr They are the only two on the stern deck, except for QUART twenty feet above them on the docking bridge catwalk. She in the shadows, and runs right past him. TRACKING WITH ROSE as she runs across the deserted fantai hitches in an occasional sob, which she suppresses. Rose base of the stern flagpole and clings there, panting. She black water. Then starts to climb over the railing. She has to hitch h up, and climbing is clumsy. Moving methodically she turns her heels on the white-painted gunwale, her back to the r toward blackness. 60 feet below her, the massive propelle the atlantin into white foam, and a ghostly wake trails o horizon. IN A LOW ANGLE, we see Rose standing like a figurehead in her are the huge letters of the name "TITANIC". She leans out, her arms straightening... looking down hyp vortex below her. Her dress and hair are lifted by the wi movement. The only sound, above the rush of water below, snap of the big Union Jack right above her.
35) 1) dialog: What made you think you could put your hands on my fiance you filth! What did you think you were doing?!
35) 3) dialog: An accident?!
35) 6) dialog: You wanted to see the propellers?
35) 11) text: Well! The boy's a hero then. Good for you son, well done! (to Cal)
35) 12) text: So it's all's well and back to our brandy, eh? Jack is uncuffed. Cal gets Rose to her feet and moving.
35) 13) dialog: (rubbing her arms)
35) 14) text: Let's get you in. You're freezing. Cal is leaving without a second thought for Jack.
35) 17) dialog: Oh, right. Mr. Lovejoy. A twenty should do it.
35) 19) dialog: Rose is displeased. Mmm... what to do? Cal turns back to Jack. He appraises him condescendingly. ruffian, unwashed and ill-mannered.
35) 20) dialog: I know. (to Jack)
35) 24) dialog: Good. Settled then. Cal turns to go, putting a protective arm around Rose. he Gracie as they walk away.
35) 25) dialog: This should be amusing.
36) 0) text: As she undresses for bed Rose sees Cal standing in her do in the cracked mirror of her vanity. He comes toward her.
36) 1) dialog: (unexpectedly tender)
36) 3) dialog: I intended to save this till the engagement gals next wee tonight, perhaps a reminder of my feeling for you... Rose slowly opens the box. Inside is the necklace... "HEA in all its glory. It is huge... a malevolent blue stone g infinity of scalpel-like inner reflections.
36) 5) dialog: Daimond. Yes it is. 56 carats. He takes the necklace and during the following places it He turns her to the mirror, staring behind her.
36) 6) dialog: It was once worn by Louis the Sixteenth. They call it Le the--
36) 8) dialog: It's for royalty. And we are royalty. His fingers caress her neck and throat. He seems himself Rose's elegance and beauty. His emotion is, for the first
36) 9) dialog: There's nothing I couldn't give you. There's nothing I'd would deny me. Open your heart to me, Rose. CAMERA begins to TRACK IN ON ROSE. Closer and closer, dur OLD ROSE (V.O.)
36) 10) text: Of course his gift was only to reflect light back onto hi illuminate the greatness that was Caledon Hockley. It was heart of ice. Finally, when Rose's eyes FILL FRAM, we MORPH SLOWLY to h now... transforming through 84 years of life...
44) 11) text: Rose posing tragically at the rail, the back of her hand Jack on a deck chair, pretending to be a Pasha, the two g fanning him like slave girls. Jack, on his knees, pleading with his hands clasped while turns her head in bored disdain. Rose cranking the camera, while Daniel and Jack have a we Jack wins and leers into the lens, twirling an air mustac Whiplash.
45) 0) text: Painted with orange light, Jack and Rose lean on the A-de shoulder to shoulder. The ship's lights come on. It is a magical moment... perfect.
47) 0) text: Jack steps in and his breath is taken away by the splendo before him. Overhead is the enormous glass dome, with a c at its center. Sweeping down six stories is the First Cla Staircase, the epitome of the opulent naval architecture And the people: the women in their floor length dresses, hairstyles and abundant jewelry... the gentlemen in eveni with one hand at the small of the back, talking quietly. Jack descends to A deck. Several men nod a perfunctory gr back, keeping it simple. He feels like a spy. Cal comes down the stairs, with Ruth on his arm, covered both walk right past Jack, neither one gecognizeing him. one gent to another. But Jack barely has time to be amuse behind Cal and Ruth on the stairs is Rose, a vision in re low-cut dress showing off her neck and shoulders, her arm gloves that come well above above the elbow. Jack is hypn beauty. CLOSE ON ROSE as she approaches Jack. He imitates the gen hand behind his back. She extends her gloved hand and he the back of her fingers. Rose flushes, beaming noticeably her eyes off him.
47) 3) dialog: (caught off guard)
48) 5) text: And over there, that's Sir Cosmo and Lucile, Lady Duff-Go naughty lingerie, among her many talents. Very popular wi Cal becomes engrossed in a conversations with Cosmo Duff- Gracie, while Ruth, the Countess and Lucille discuss fash Jack smoothly, to show him another couple, dressed impecc
48) 8) dialog: Thank you.
49) 0) text: Like a ballroom at the palace, alive and lit by a constel chandeliers, full of elegantly dressed people and beautif BANDLEADER WALLACE HARTLEY'S small orchestra. As Rose and move across the room to their table, Cal and Ruth beside OLD ROSE (V.O.)
50) 4) dialog: Mr. Dawson is joining us from third class. He was of some fiancee last night. (to Jack, as if to a child)
50) 9) dialog: (answering for him)
50) 13) text: No caviar for me, thanks. (to Cal)
50) 26) dialog: A real man makes his own luck, Archie. Rose notices that Thomas Andrews, sitting next to her, is notebook, completely ignoring the conversation.
50) 42) dialog: Probably best. It'll be all business and politics, that s Wouldn't interest you. Good of you to come. Cal and te other gentlemen exit.
55) 0) text: SUNDAY APRIL 14, 1912. A bright clear day. Sunlight splas promenade. Rose and Cal are having breakfast in silence. palpable. Trudy Bolt, in her maid's uniform, pours the co inside.
55) 1) dialog: I had hoped you would come to me last night.
55) 3) dialog: Yes. Your exertions below decks were no doubt exausting.
55) 6) dialog: You will never behave like that again! Do you understand?
55) 8) dialog: Yes! You are! And my wife... in practice, if not yet by l honor me, as a wife is required to honor her husband! I w out a fool! Is this in any way unclear? Rose shrinks into the chair. She sees Trudy, frozen, part door bringing the orange juice. Cal follows Rose's glance up. He stalks past the maid, entering the stateroom.
58) 0) text: An Edwardian nautilus room. There are machines we recogni don't. A woman pedals a stationary bicycle in a long dres rediculous. Thomas Andrews is leading a small tour group, Ruth and Cal. Cal is wroking the oars of a stationary row well trained stroke.
58) 1) dialog: Reminds me of my Harvard days. T.W. McCAULEY, the gym instructor, is a bouncy little man flannels, eager to show off his modern equipment, like hi counterpart on an "Abflex" infomercial. He hits a switch a saddle on it starts to undulate. Rose puts her hand on MCCAULEY
59) 5) text: Amore is'a not logical.
60) 0) text: A man is playing with his son, who is spinning a top with man's overcoat and hat are sitting on a deck chair nearby from behind one of the huge deck cranes and calmly picks bowler hat. He walks away, slipping into the coat, and sl with spit. Then puts the hat on at a jaunty angle. At a d pass for a gentlemen.
62) 4) dialog: (slapping the side of a boat)
65) 9) text: Come Josephine in my flying machine... Rose cleses her eyes, feeling herself floating weightless sea. She smiles dreamily, then leans back, gently pressin his chest. He pushes forward slightly against her. Slowly he raises his hands, arms outstretched, and they m fingertips gently touching. Then their fingers intertwine their fingers caress through and around each other like t lovers. Jack tips his face forward into her blowing hair, letting wash over him, until his cheek is agianst her ear. Rose turns her head until her lips are near his. She lowe turning further, until she finds his mouth with hers. He around her from behind, and they kiss like this with her tilted back, surrendering to him, to the emotion, to the kiss, slowly and tremulously, and then with building pass Jack and the ship seem to merge into one force of power a lifting her, buoying her forward on a magical journey, so a night without fear. 100 IN THE CROW'S NEST, high above and behind them, looko nudges his mate, REGINALD LEE, pointing down at the figur
70) 2) dialog: (low but forceful)
71) 0) text: TITANIC glides across an unnatural sea, blakc and calm as The ships lights are mirrored almost perfectly in the bla is brilliant with stars. A meteor traces a bright line ac 110 ON THE BRIDGE, Captain Smith peers out at the blackne ship. QUARTERMASTER HITCHINS brings him a cup of hot tea steams in the bitter cold of the open bridge. Second Offi next to him, staring out at the sheet of black glass the become. LIGHTOLLER
71) 1) text: I don't think I've ever seen such a flat calm, in 24 year
77) 0) text: Amid unparalled luxury, Cal sits at a card game, sipping COLONEL GRACIE
77) 1) text: We're going like hell I tel you. I have fifty dollars tha into New York Tuesday night! Cal looks at his gold pocket watch, and scowls, not liste
80) 2) text: We'll be up all bloody night on this lot. Phillips start to receive an incoming message from a near Leyland frieghter CALIFORNIAN, which jams his outgoing si close range, the beeps are deafening. PHILLIPS
80) 3) text: Christ! It's that idiot on the Californian. Cursing, Phillips furiously keys a rebuke.
86) 0) text: Cal stands at the open safe. He stares at the drawing of clenches with fury. He reads the not again: "DARLING, NOW BOTH LOCKED IN YOUR SAFE, ROSE". Lovejoy, standing behind him, looks over his shoulder at crumples Rose's not, then takes the drawing in both hands in half. He tenses to do it, then stops himself.
86) 1) dialog: I have a better idea.
95) 1) text: There's no cause for alarm. Please, go back to your rooms He is stopped in his tracks by Cal and Lovejoy. STEWARD BARNES
95) 3) dialog: Yes there is, I have been robbed. Now get the Master at A moron!
100) 0) text: Cal and Ruth wait in the sitting room, along with the Mas two stewards (Steward #1 and Barnes). Silence as Rose and closes her robe at her throat when she sees Jack.
100) 2) dialog: That's right. Two things dear to me have disappeared this one is back... (he looks from Rose to Jack)
100) 9) dialog: That's it. MASTER AT ARMS
100) 14) dialog: Of course he could. Easy enough for a professional. He me combination when you opend the safe. FLASHBACK: Rose at the safe, looking in the mirror and me as he stands behind her, watching.
100) 16) dialog: (just to her, low and cold)
104) 2) dialog: It is a little slut, isn't it? To Rose the blow is inconsequential compared to the blow given. Cal grabs her shoulders roughly.
104) 3) dialog: Look at me, you little-- There is a loud knock on the door and an urgent voice. Th their steward puts his head in. STEWARD BARNES
104) 5) dialog: Get out. We're busy. The steward persists, coming in to get the lifebelts down dresser.
104) 8) dialog: This is ridiculous. In the corridor outside the stewards are being so polite they are conveying no sense of danger whatsoever. However story in...
108) 2) text: Sorry, mum. Let me go and find out. The jumpy piano rhythm of "Alexander's Ragtime Band" come class lounge a few yards away. Band leader WALLACE HARTLE some of his men on Captain's orders, to allay panic. Hockley's entourage comes up to the A-deck foyer. Cal is lifebelts, almost as an afterthought. Rose is like a slee
108) 3) dialog: It's just the God damned English doing everything by the
108) 5) text: Go back and turn the heater on in my room, so it won't be get back. Thomas Andrews enters, looking around the magnificent roo is doomed. Rose, standing nearby, sees his heartbroken ex walks over to him and Cal goes after her.
108) 10) dialog: My God. Now it is Cal's turn to look stunned. The Titanic? Sinkin
111) 5) text: You watch. They'll put us off in these silly little boats we'll all be back on board by breakfast. Cal, Rose and Ruth come out of the doors near the band.
111) 7) dialog: Stay here, Ruth. Ruth sees his expression, and knows fear for the first ti
116) 0) text: SECOND OFFICER LIGHTOLLER is loading the boat nearest Cal 6. LIGHTOLLER
116) 7) dialog: Not the better half. PUSH IN ON ROSE'S FACE as it hits her like a thunderbolt. class. He doesn't stand a chance. Another rocket bursts o her face in white light.
116) 13) dialog: Where are you going? To him? Is that it? To be a whore to
117) 0) text: Cal runs in, and down to the landing, pushing past the ge who are filling up the stairs. He scans the A-deck foyer.
131) 0) text: ON THE BOAT DECK, the action has moved to the aft group o 9, 11, 13 and 15 on the starboard side, and 10, 12, 14 an side. The pace of work is more frantic. You see crew and now to work the davits, their previous complacency gone. CAL pushes through the crowd, scanning for Rose. Around h confusion. A woman is calling for a child who has become crowd. A man is shouting over people's heads. A woman tak Officer Lightoller's arm as he is about to launch Boat 10
131) 9) dialog: We're running out of time. And this strutting martinet... (indicating Lightoller)
131) 12) dialog: Then that's our play. But we're still going to need some (he starts off forward)
131) 13) text: Come on. Cal charges off, heading forward, followed by Lovejoy. Th to a finely dressed elderly couple, IDA and ISADOR STRAUS
134) 0) text: CLUNK! Cal opens his safe and reaches inside. As Lovejoy out two stacks of bills, still banded by bank wrappers. T "Heart of the Ocean", putting it in the pocket of his ove the safe.
134) 1) dialog: (holding up stacks of bills)
134) 4) text: So do I. Cal grins, putting the money in his pocket as they go out
137) 0) text: As Cal and Lovejoy cross the foyer encounter Benjamin Gug valet, coth dressed in white tie, tail-coats and top hats
137) 1) dialog: Ben, what's the occasion? GUGGENHEIM
137) 3) dialog: That's admirable, Ben. (walking on)
139) 0) text: Cal and Lovejoy are walking aft with a purposeful stride. BAKER JOHGHIN, who is working up a sweat tossing deck cha After they go by, Joughin takes a break and pulls a bottl pocket, opening it. He drains it, and tosses it over the stands there a little unteadily.
141) 0) text: Cal and Lovejoy arrive in time to see Murdoch lowering hi
141) 1) dialog: We're too late.
143) 1) dialog: It's starting to fall apart. We don't have much time. Cal sees three dogs run by, including the black French bu released the pets from the kennels. Cal sees Murdoch turn from the davits of boat 15 and star the bow. He catches up and falls in beside him.
143) 2) dialog: Mr. Murdoch, I'm a businessman, as you know, and I have a proposition for you.
145) 0) text: Water pours like a spillway over the forward railing on B SWEEPS UP past A-Deck to the Boat Deck where Murdoch and loading Collapsible Car the forward-most davits. NOTE: There are four so-called collapsibles, or Engelhard including two which are stored on the roof of the officer The crowd is sparse, with most people still aft. Cal slip hte pocket of his overcoat and into the waist pocket of M greatcoat, leaving the stacks of bills there.
145) 1) dialog: So we have an understanding then?
145) 3) text: As you've said. Cal, satisfied, steps back. He finds himself waiting next Ismay. Ismay does not meet his eyes, nor anyone's. Lovejo at that moment.
145) 6) text: Any one else, then? Cal looks longingly at his boat... his moment has arrived
145) 7) dialog: God damn it to hell! Come on. He and Lovejoy head for the port side, taking a short-cut bridge. Bruce Ismay, seeing his oppurtunity, steps quickly into C stares straight ahead, not meeting Murdoch's eyes.
146) 9) dialog: Yes. Get in the boat, Rose. She is shocked to see him. She steps instinctively to Jac her, standing there shivering in her wet slip and stockin display in 1912.
146) 10) dialog: My God, look at you. (taking off his boat)
146) 15) dialog: (low)
146) 19) dialog: Get in... hurry up, it's almost full. Lightoller grabs her arm and pulls her toward the boat. S Jack and her fingers brush his for a moment. Then she fin stepping down into the boat. It's all a rush and blur. LIGHTOLLER
146) 21) dialog: (low)
146) 24) dialog: I always win, Jack. One way or another. (looks at him, smiling)
147) 0) text: TRACKING WITH JACK as he bangs through the doors to the f down the stairs. He sees her coming into A-deck foyer, ru Cal's long coat flying out behind her as she runs. They meet at the bottom of the stairs, and collide in an
148) 1) dialog: (calling to them)
148) 2) text: Enjoy your time together!! Lovejoy arrives next to him. Cal suddenly remembers somet laugh.
148) 4) dialog: I put the diamond in my coat pocket. And I put my coat... He turns to Lovejoy with a sickly expression, his eyes gl
148) 5) dialog: I give it to you... if you can get it. He hands Lovejoy the pistol and goes back up the stairs. about it... then slogs into the water. The icewater is up he crosses the pool into the dining saloon.
153) 0) text: Cal comes reeling out of the first class entrance, lookin lurches down the deck toward the bridge. Waltz music waft Somewhere the band is still playing. CAL'S POV: A little girl, maybe two years old, is crying alcove. She looks up at Cal beseechingly. Cal moves on wi back... reaching a large crowd clustered around COLLAPSIB the bridge. He sees Murdoch and a number of crewmen strug boat to the davits, with no luck. Cal pushes forward, trying to signal Murdoch, but the off Nearby Tommy and Fabrizio are being pushed forward by the PURSER MCELROY pushes them back, getting a couple of seam brandishes his gun, waving it in the air, yelling for the back.
155) 3) dialog: We had a deal, damn you. Murdoch pushes him back, pointing the pistol at Cal.
155) 5) text: Any more women or children?! THE CHILD crying in the alcove. Cal scoops her up and run cradling her in his arms.
155) 6) dialog: (forcing his way through the crowd)
155) 7) text: Here's a child! I've got a child! CAL (CONT'D) (to McElroy)
155) 8) text: Please... I'm all she has in the world. McElroy nods curtly and pushes him into the boat. He spin brandishing it in the air to keep the other men back. Cal boat, holding the little girl. He takes a seat with the w
155) 9) dialog: There, there.
158) 0) text: 242 IN A WIDE SHOT we see a wave travel up the boat deck house sinks into the water. 243 ON THE PORT SIDE Collapsible B is picked up by water. frantically, the men try to detach it from the falls so t it under. Colonel Gracie hands Lightoller a pocket knife furiously at the ropes as the water swirls around his leg upside down, is swept off the ship. Men start diving in, with it. 244 IN COLLAPSIBLE A Cal sits next to the wailing child, completely forgotten. He watches the water rising around work, scrambling to get the ropes cut so the ship won't d collapsible under. Fabrizio removes the lifebelt from Tommy's body and strug as the water rises around him. 245 CAPTAIN SMITH, standing near the wheel, watches the b climbing the windows of the enclosed wheelhouse. He has t expression of a damned sould on Judgment Day. The windows and a wall of water edged with shards of glass slams into disappears in a vortex of foam. 246 Collapsible A is hit by a wave as the bow plunges sud partially swamps the boat, washing it along the deck. Ove passengers are plunged into the freezing water and the ar becomes a frenzy of splashing, screaming people. As men are trying to climb into the callapsible, Cal grab pushes them back into the water.
158) 1) dialog: Get back! You'll swamp us! Fabrizio, swimming for his life, gets swirled under a dav pulleys tangle around him as the davit goes under the wat dragged down. Underwater he struggles to free himself, an to the surface. He surfaces, gasping for air in the freez 247 WALLACE HARTLEY sees the water rolling rapidly up the He holds the last note of the hymn in a sustain, and then violin.
160) 1) dialog: (to the crew in the boat)
162) 0) text: The stay cables along the top of the funnel snap, and the whips down into the water. Cal watches as the funnel topp mounts. Falling like a temple pillar twenty eight feet ac into the water with a tremendous splash. People swimming disappear in an instant. Fabrizio, a few feet away, is hurled back by a huge wave. gasping... still swimming. The water pouring into the ope funnel draws in several swimmers. The funnel sinks, disap Hundreds of tons of water pour down through the 30 foot h funnel stood, thundering down into the belly of the ship. forms, a hole in the ocean, like at enormous toiler-flush the gym instructor swims in a frenzy as the vortex draws sucked down like a spider going down a drain. Fabrizio, nearby, swims like Hell as more people are suck him. He manages to get clear. He's going to live no matte
166) 3) text: I also saw a new Jerusalem, the holy city coming down out God, beautiful as a bride prepared to meet her husband. I voice from the throne ring out this is God's dwelling amo dwell with them and they shall be his people and He shall is alway with them. Rose stares about her at the faces of the doomed. Near th FAMILY, clinging together stoically. Helga looks at her b eyes are infinitely sad. Rose sees a young mother next to her, clutching her five is crying in terror.
173) 10) text: Bodies are whirled and spun, some limp as dolls, others s spasmodically, as the vortex sucks them down and tumbles 280 Jack rises INTO FRAME F.G. kicking hard for the surfa tightly to Rose, pulling her up. 281 AT THE SURFACE: a roiling chaos of screaming, thrashi thousand people are now floating where the ship went down stunned, gasping for breath. Others are crying, praying, shouting... screaming. Jack and Rose surface among them. They barely have time t before people are clawing at them. People driven insane b degrees below freezing, a cold so intense it is indisting death by fire. A man pushes Rose under, trying to climb on top of her... trying to get out of the water, to climb onto anything. J repeatedly, pulling her free.
174) 0) text: Jack strokes rhythmically, the effort keeping him from fr
175) 1) dialog: Stay back! Keep off! Fabrizio, exhausted and near the limit, makes it almost t CLUBS HIM with the oar, cutting open his scalp. FABRIZIO
175) 3) dialog: (pointing with the oar)
175) 4) text: It's that way! CLOSE ON FABRIZIO as he floats, panting each breath agony spirit leave him. FABRIZIO'S POV: Cal in SLOW MOTION, yelling and wielding in a tuxedo. The image fades to black.
185) 0) text: It is the afternoon of the 15th. Cal is searching the fac lining the deck, looking for Rose. The deck of Carpathia huddled people, and even the recovered lifeboats of Titan cover sits an enormous pile of lifebelts. He keeps walking toward the stern. Seeing Cal's tuxedo, a approaches him. CARPATHIA STEWARD
185) 1) text: You won't find any of your people back here, sir. It's al Cal ignores him and goes amongst this wrecked group, look and blankets at one bleak face after another. Rose is sipping hot tea. Her eyes focus on him as he appr barely recognizes her. She looks like a refugee, her matt her eyes.
185) 3) dialog: Rose... your mother and I have been looking for you-- She holds up her hand, stopping him.
185) 6) dialog: (after a long beat)
185) 9) dialog: You're precious to me, Rose.
190) 0) text: A GRACEFUL PAN across Rose's shelf of carefully arranged Rose as a young actress in California, radiant... a theat publicity shot... Rose and her husband, with their two ch with her son at his college graduation... Rose with her c grandchildren at her 70th birthday. A collage of images o well. THE PAN STOPS on an image filling frame. Rose, circa 1920 beach, sitting on a horse at the surfline. The Santa Moni rollercoaster is behind her. She is grinning, full of lif We PAN OFF the last picture to Rose herself, warm in her shot. She is very still. She could be sleeping, or maybe