41) 0) text: The social center of steerage life. It is stark by compar opulence of first class, but is a loud, boisterous place. with babies, kids running between the benches yelling in and being scolded in several more. There are old women ye chess, girls doing needlepoint and reading dime novels. T upright piano and Tommy Ryan is noodling around it. Three boys, shrieking and shouting, are scrambling around under the benches, trying to whomp it with a shoe and cau havoc. Jack is playing with 5 year old CORA CARTMeLL, dra together in his sketchbook. Fabrizio is struggling to get a conversation going with a Norwegian girl, HELGA DAHL, sitting with her family at a room. FABRIZIO
41) 2) dialog: No, no. Norwegian. Only. Helga's eye is caught by something. Fabrizio looks, does Jack, curious, follows their gaze to see... Rose, coming toward them. The activity in the room stops. Rose feels suddenly self-conscious as the steerage passen at this princess, some with resentment, others with awe. gives a little smile, walking straight to him. He rises t smiling.
53) 0) text: The scene is rowdy and rollicking. A table gets knocked o crashes into it. And in the middle of it... Rose dancing stocking feet. The steps are fast and she shines with swe around them, and people watch them, clapping as the band faster. FABRIZIO AND HELGA. Dancing has obviated the need for a c whirls her, then she responds by whirling him... Fabrizio when he realizes she's stronger than he is. The tune ends in a mad rush. Jack steps away from Rose wi allowing her to take a bow. Exhilarated and slightly tips graceful ballet ployer, feet turned out perfectly. Everyo applauds. Rose is a hit with the steerage folks, who've n party with them. They move to a table, flushed and sweaty. Rose grabs Fabr and takes a big drag. She's feeling cocky. Fabrizio is gr hands with Helga.
112) 1) text: I told the stupid sods no luggage. Aw, bloody hell! He throws up his hand at the sight of a family, loaded do bags, completely blocking the corridor. Fabrizio and Tommy push past the stewards, going the othe huge crowd gathered at the bottom of the MAIN 3RD CLASS S spots Helga with the rest of the Dahl family, standing pa suitcases in hand. He reaches her and she grins, hugging Tommy pushes to where he can see what's holding up the gr steel gate across the top of the stairs, with several ste on the other side.
133) 0) text: Fabrizio, standing with Helga Dahl and her family, hears
133) 11) text: Helga... per favore... please... come with me, I am lucky go to America. She kisses him, then steps back to be with her family. Ja his shoulder, his eyes saying "Let's go". FABRIZIO
166) 3) text: I also saw a new Jerusalem, the holy city coming down out God, beautiful as a bride prepared to meet her husband. I voice from the throne ring out this is God's dwelling amo dwell with them and they shall be his people and He shall is alway with them. Rose stares about her at the faces of the doomed. Near th FAMILY, clinging together stoically. Helga looks at her b eyes are infinitely sad. Rose sees a young mother next to her, clutching her five is crying in terror.