16) 0) text: A VIEW OF TITANIC from several blocks away, towering abov buildings like the skyline of a city. The steamer's whist Southampton. PULL BACK, revealing that we were looking through a windo further to show the smoky inside of a pub. It is crowded and ship;s crew. Just inside the window, a poker game is in progress. FOUR class clothes, play a very serious hand. JACK DAWSON and FABRIZIO DE ROSSI, both about 20, exchang other two players argue in Swedish. Jack is American, a l his hair a little long for the standards of the times. He and his clothes are rumpled from sleeping in them. He is adopted the bohemian style of art scene in Paris. He is a self-possessed and sure-footed for 20, having lived on hi The TWO SWEDES continue their sullen argument, in Swedish
16) 5) dialog: (jaunty)
16) 6) text: Hit me again, Sven. Jack takes the card and slips it into his hand. ECU JACK'S EYES. They betray nothing. CLOSE ON FABRIZIO licking his lips nervously as he refuse ECU STACK in the middle of the table. Bills and coins fro This has been going on for a while. Sitting on top of the CLASS TICKETS for RMS TITANIC. The Titanic's whistle blows again. Final warning.
16) 7) dialog: The moment of truth boys. Somebody's life's about to chan Fabrizio puts his cards down. So do the Swedes. Jack hold
16) 8) dialog: Let's see... Fabrizio's got niente. Olaf, you've got squa two pair... mmm. (turns to his friend)
16) 11) dialog: Sorry, you're not gonna see your mama again for a long ti He slaps a full house down on the table.
16) 12) dialog: (grinning)
16) 15) dialog: (to the Swedes)
16) 17) text: ... we're going to-- FABRIZIO/JACK
16) 19) dialog: Goin' home... to the land o' the free and the home of the the TITANIC!! We're ridin' in high style now! We're pract royalty, ragazzo mio!! FABRIZIO
16) 24) dialog: Shit!! Come on, Fabri! (grabbing their stuff)
17) 0) text: Jack and Fabrizio, carrying everything they own in the wo bags on their shoulders, sprint toward the pier. They tea crowds next to the terminal. Shouts go up behind them as slow-moving gentlemen. They dodge piles of luggage, and w groups of people. They burst out onto the pier and Jack c stop... staring at the cast wall of the ship's hull, towe above the wharf and over an eighth of a mile long. The Ti monstrous. Fabrizio runs back and grabs Jack, and they sprint toward gangway aft, at E deck. They reach the bottom of the ramp OFFICER MOODY detaches it at the top. It starts to swing gangway doors.
17) 1) dialog: Wait!! We're passengers! Flushed and panting, he waves the tickets.
17) 3) dialog: (lying cheerfully)
17) 7) text: Right, come aboard. Moody has QUARTERMASTER ROWE reattach the gangway. Jack a aboard. Moody glances at the tickets, then passes Jack an to Rowe. Rowe looks at the names on the tickets to enter passenger list.
17) 10) dialog: (grabbing Fabrizio's arm)
17) 11) text: Come on, Sven. Jack and Fabrizio whoop with victory as they run down the corridero... grinning from ear to ear.
17) 12) dialog: We are the luckiest sons of bitches in the world!
19) 0) text: JACK AND FABRIZIO burst through a door onto the aft well WITH THEM as they run across the deck and up the steel st deck. They get to the rail and Jack starts to yell and wa the dock. FABRIZIO
19) 2) dialog: Of course not. That's not the point. (to the crowd)
22) 0) text: Jack and Fabrizio walk down a narrow corridor with doors like a college dorm. Total confusion as people argue over several languages, or wander in confusion in the labyrint emigrants studying the signs over the doors, and looking phrase books. They find their berth. It is a modest cubicle, painted en four bunks. Exposed pipes overhead. The other two guys ar OLAUS and BJORN GUNDERSEN. Jack throws his kit on one open bunk, while Fabrizio take
26) 0) text: The ship glows with the warm creamy light of late afterno Fabrizio stand right at the bow gripping the curving rail from images of the wreck. Jack leans over, looking down f the prow cuts the surface like a knife, sending up two gl water.
27) 2) text: All ahead full! On the catwalk THOMAS ANDREWS, the shipbuilder, watches c engineers and greasers scramble to adjust valves. Towerin the twin RECIPROCATING engines, four stories tall, their connecting rods surging up and down with the turning of t crankshafts. The engines thunder like the footfalls of ma 54 IN THE BOILER ROOMS the STOKERS chant a song as they h roaring furnaces. The "black gang" are covered with sweat their muscles working like part of the machinery as they hellish glow. 55 UNDERWATER the enormous bronze screws chop through the the steamer forward and churning up a vortex of foam that behind the juggernaut ship. Smoke pours from the funnels 56 The riven water flares higher at the bow as the ship's THE CAMERA SWEEPS UP the prow to find Jack, the wind stre hair and-- 57 Captain Smith steps out of the enclosed bridge onto th with his hands on the rail, looking every bit the storybo Captain... a great patriarch of the sea. FIRST OFFICER MURDOCH
27) 5) text: I can see the Statue of Liberty already. (grinning at Jack)
29) 0) text: Jack sits on a bench in the sun. Titanic's wake spreads o the horizon. He has his knees pulled up, supporting a lea sketching pad, his only valuable possession. With conte c rapidly, using sure strokes. An emigrant from Manchester his 3 year old daughter CORA standing on the lower rung o leaned back against his beer barrel of a stomach, watchin THE SKETCH captures them perfectly, with a great sense of the moment. Jack is good. Really good. Fabrizio looks ove He nods appreciatively. TOMMY RYAN, a scowling young Irish emigrant, watches as a by, walking three small dogs around the deck. One of them BULLDOG, is among the ugliest creatures on the planet.
29) 2) dialog: That's so we know where we rank in the scheme of things.
34) 0) text: Jack is kicked back on one of the benches gazing at the s gloriously overhead. Thinking artist thoughts and smoking Hearing something, he turns as Rose runs up the stairs fr They are the only two on the stern deck, except for QUART twenty feet above them on the docking bridge catwalk. She in the shadows, and runs right past him. TRACKING WITH ROSE as she runs across the deserted fantai hitches in an occasional sob, which she suppresses. Rose base of the stern flagpole and clings there, panting. She black water. Then starts to climb over the railing. She has to hitch h up, and climbing is clumsy. Moving methodically she turns her heels on the white-painted gunwale, her back to the r toward blackness. 60 feet below her, the massive propelle the atlantin into white foam, and a ghostly wake trails o horizon. IN A LOW ANGLE, we see Rose standing like a figurehead in her are the huge letters of the name "TITANIC". She leans out, her arms straightening... looking down hyp vortex below her. Her dress and hair are lifted by the wi movement. The only sound, above the rush of water below, snap of the big Union Jack right above her.
34) 1) dialog: Don't do it. She whips her head around at the sound of his voice. It t her eyes to focus.
34) 3) dialog: Take my hand. I'll pull you back in.
34) 5) dialog: No you won't.
34) 7) dialog: You would have done it already. Now come on, take my hand Rose is confused now. She can't see him very well through wipes them with one hand, almost losing her balance.
34) 9) dialog: I can't. I'm involved now. If you let go I have to jump i
34) 11) dialog: I'm a good swimmer. He starts unlacing his left shoe.
34) 13) dialog: It would hurt. I'm not saying it wouldn't. To be honest I concerned about the water being so cold. She looks down. The reality factor of what she is doing i
34) 15) dialog: (taking off his left shoe)
34) 17) dialog: Ever been to Wisconsin?
34) 20) dialog: Well they have some of the coldest winters around, and I near Chippewa Falls. Once when I was a kid me and my fath ice-fishing out on Lake Wissota... ice-fishing's where yo the--
34) 22) dialog: Sorry. Just... you look like kind of an indoor girl. Anyw some thin ice and I'm tellin' ya, water that cold... like there... it hits you like a thousand knives all over your breath, you can't think... least not about anything but t (takes off his other shoe)
34) 25) dialog: That's what everybody says. But with all due respect, I'm hanging off the back of a ship. He slides one step closer, like moving up on a spooked ho
34) 26) dialog: Come on. You don't want to do this. Give me your hand. Rose stares at this madman for a long time. She looks at somehow suddenly seem to fill her universe.
34) 28) dialog: I'm Jack Dawson.
34) 30) text: Pleased to meet you, Mr. Dawson. Rose starts to turn. Now that she has decided to live, th terrifying. She is overcome by vertigo as she shifts her to face the ship. As she starts to climb, her dress gets one foot slips off the edge of the deck. She plunges, letting out a piercing SHRIEK. Jack, grippin jerked toward the rail. Rose barely grabs a lower rail wi QUARTERMASTER ROWE, up on the docking bridge hears the sc the ladder.
34) 33) dialog: I've got you. I won't let go. Jack holds her hand with all his strength, bracing himsel with his other hand. Rose tries to get some kind of footh hull. Jack tries to lift her bodily over the railing. She footing in her dress and evening shoes, and she slips bac again. Jack, awkwardly clutching Rose by whatever he can get a g flails, gets her over the railing. They fall together ont tangled heap, spinning in such a way that Jack winds up s her. Rowe slides down the ladder from the docking bridge like and sprints across the fantail.
35) 0) text: A few minutes later. Jack is being detained by the burly the closest thing to a cop on board. He is handcuffing Ja in front of Jack, and furious. He has obviously just rush Lovejoy and another man, and none of them have coats over evening dress. The other man is COLONEL ARCHIBALD GRACIE, blowhard who still has his brandy snifter. He offers it t hunched over crying on a bench nearby, but she waves it a concerned with Jack. He grabs him by the lapels.
35) 8) text: Women and machinery do not mix. MASTER AT ARMS (to Jack)
35) 10) dialog: Uh huh. That was pretty much it. He looks at Rose a moment longer. Now they have a secret COLONEL GRACIE
35) 12) text: So it's all's well and back to our brandy, eh? Jack is uncuffed. Cal gets Rose to her feet and moving.
35) 14) text: Let's get you in. You're freezing. Cal is leaving without a second thought for Jack.
35) 22) dialog: (looking straight at Rose)
35) 26) dialog: (as Lovejoy passes)
35) 27) text: Can I bum a cigarette? Lovejoy smoothly draws a silver cigarette case from his j open. Jack takes a cigarette, then another, popping it be later. Lovejoy lights Jack's cigarette.
35) 29) text: Interesting that the young lady slipped so mighty all of still had time to take of your jacket and shoes. Mmmm? Lovejoy's expression is bland, but the eyes are cold. He his group.
41) 0) text: The social center of steerage life. It is stark by compar opulence of first class, but is a loud, boisterous place. with babies, kids running between the benches yelling in and being scolded in several more. There are old women ye chess, girls doing needlepoint and reading dime novels. T upright piano and Tommy Ryan is noodling around it. Three boys, shrieking and shouting, are scrambling around under the benches, trying to whomp it with a shoe and cau havoc. Jack is playing with 5 year old CORA CARTMeLL, dra together in his sketchbook. Fabrizio is struggling to get a conversation going with a Norwegian girl, HELGA DAHL, sitting with her family at a room. FABRIZIO
41) 4) dialog: Hello again.
41) 6) dialog: Uh, yes. Of course. After you. He motions her ahead and follows. Jack glances over his s eyebrow raised, as he walks out with her leaving a stunne
42) 0) text: Jack and Rose walk side by side. They pass people reading steamer chairs, some of whom glance curiously at the mism feels out of place in his rough clothes. They are both aw different reasons.
42) 1) dialog: So, you got a name by the way?
42) 3) dialog: That's quite a moniker. I may hafta get you to write that There is an awkward pause.
42) 5) dialog: Jack.
42) 7) dialog: Well, here you are.
42) 9) dialog: You're welcome. Rose.
42) 11) dialog: That's not what I was thinking. What I was thinking was.. happened to hurt this girl so much she though she had no
42) 14) dialog: Uh huh. They'll be sorry. 'Course you'll be dead.
42) 17) dialog: That penguin last night, is he one of them?
42) 19) dialog: Is he your boyfriend?
42) 21) dialog: Gawd look at that thing! You would have gone straight to They laugh together. A passing steward scowls at Jack, wh first class passenger, but Rose just glares at him away.
42) 22) dialog: So you feel like you're stuck on a train you can't get of marryin' this fella.
42) 24) dialog: So don't marry him.
42) 26) dialog: It is that simple.
42) 28) dialog: Well, I guess I will tonight. Looking for another topic, any other topic, she indicates
42) 30) dialog: Just some sketches.
42) 33) dialog: Well, they didn't think too much of 'em in Paree. Some loose sketches fall out and are taken by the wind. J after them... catching two, but the rest are gone, over t
42) 35) dialog: Well, they didn't think too much of 'em in Paree. He snaps his wrist, shaking his drawing hand in a flouris
42) 36) dialog: I just seem to spew 'em out. Besides, they're not worth a For emphasis he throws away the two he caught. They sail
42) 42) dialog: Yup. That's one of the great things about Paris. Lots of their clothes off. She studies one drawing in particular, the girl posed hal half in shadow. Her hands lie at her chin, one furled and flower, languid and graceful. The drawing is like an Alfr of Georgia O'Keefe.
42) 44) dialog: She had beautiful hands.
42) 47) dialog: (laughing)
42) 50) text: You have a gift, Jack. You do. You see people.
42) 51) dialog: I see you. There it is. That piercing gaze again.
42) 53) dialog: You wouldn'ta jumped.
44) 0) text: Rose and Jack stroll aft, past people lounging on deck ch slanting late-afternoon light. Stewards scurry to serve t
44) 3) dialog: (laughing)
44) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. Really... I am.
44) 11) text: Rose posing tragically at the rail, the back of her hand Jack on a deck chair, pretending to be a Pasha, the two g fanning him like slave girls. Jack, on his knees, pleading with his hands clasped while turns her head in bored disdain. Rose cranking the camera, while Daniel and Jack have a we Jack wins and leers into the lens, twirling an air mustac Whiplash.
45) 0) text: Painted with orange light, Jack and Rose lean on the A-de shoulder to shoulder. The ship's lights come on. It is a magical moment... perfect.
45) 2) dialog: Well, then logging got to be too much like work, so I wen Angelas to the pier in Santa Monica. That's a swell place rollercoaster. I sketched portraits there for ten cents a
45) 4) dialog: (not getting it)
45) 7) text: Why can't I be like you Jack? Just head out for the horiz like it. (turning to him)
45) 9) dialog: Alright, we're going. We'll drink cheap beer and go on th until we throw up and we'll ride horses on the beach... r surf... but you have to ride like a cowboy, none of that
45) 11) dialog: Sure. If you like.
45) 15) dialog: They didn't teach you that in finishing school? Here, it' closely. He spits. It arcs out over the water.
45) 16) dialog: Your turn. Rose screws up her mouth and spits. A pathetic little bit which mostly runs down her chin before falling off into t
45) 17) dialog: Nope, that was pitiful. Here, like this... you hawk it do then roll it on your tongue, up to the front, like thith, and PLOOOW!! You see the range on that thing? She goes through the steps. Hawks it down, etc. He coache (ad lib) while doing the steps himself. She lets fly. So comets of gob fly out over the water.
45) 18) dialog: That was great! Rose turns to him, her face alight. Suddenly she blanches expression and turns. RUTH, the Countess of Rothes, and Molly Brown have been w hawking lugees. Rose becomes instantly composed.
45) 25) text: See you at dinner, Jack.
45) 27) text: Rose, look at you... out in the sun with no hat. Honestly The Countess exits with Ruth and Rose, leaving Jack and M deck.
45) 29) dialog: Not really.
46) 0) text: Men's suits and jackets and formal wear are strewn all ov Molly is having a fine time. Jack is dressed, except for Molly is tying his bow tie.
47) 0) text: Jack steps in and his breath is taken away by the splendo before him. Overhead is the enormous glass dome, with a c at its center. Sweeping down six stories is the First Cla Staircase, the epitome of the opulent naval architecture And the people: the women in their floor length dresses, hairstyles and abundant jewelry... the gentlemen in eveni with one hand at the small of the back, talking quietly. Jack descends to A deck. Several men nod a perfunctory gr back, keeping it simple. He feels like a spy. Cal comes down the stairs, with Ruth on his arm, covered both walk right past Jack, neither one gecognizeing him. one gent to another. But Jack barely has time to be amuse behind Cal and Ruth on the stairs is Rose, a vision in re low-cut dress showing off her neck and shoulders, her arm gloves that come well above above the elbow. Jack is hypn beauty. CLOSE ON ROSE as she approaches Jack. He imitates the gen hand behind his back. She extends her gloved hand and he the back of her fingers. Rose flushes, beaming noticeably her eyes off him.
47) 1) dialog: I saw that in a nickelodean once, and I always wanted to
48) 0) text: CUT TO THE RECEPTION ROOM ON D DECK, as the party descend encounter Molly Brown, looking good in a beaded dress, in broad-shouldered way. Molly grins when she sees Jack. As into the dining saloon she walks next to him, speaking lo
48) 2) dialog: Yeah, you just dress like a pallbearer and keep your nose
48) 5) text: And over there, that's Sir Cosmo and Lucile, Lady Duff-Go naughty lingerie, among her many talents. Very popular wi Cal becomes engrossed in a conversations with Cosmo Duff- Gracie, while Ruth, the Countess and Lucille discuss fash Jack smoothly, to show him another couple, dressed impecc
48) 13) text: Good to meet you Jack. Are you of the Boston Dawsons?
48) 14) dialog: No, the Chippewa Falls Dawsons, actually. J.J. nods as if he's heard of them, then looks puzzled. M appraises Jack and whispers girlishly to Rose: MADELEINE
50) 3) dialog: The best I've seen, m'am. Hardly any rats. Rose motions surreptitiously for Jack to take his napkin
50) 5) text: This is foie gras. It's goose liver. We see whispers exchanged. Jack becomesthe subject of fur they're all feeling terribly liberal and dangerous. GUGGENHEIM (low to Madame Aubert)
50) 10) text: Just a soupcon of lemon... (to Jack, smiling)
50) 12) dialog: (to the waiter)
50) 16) dialog: Well, right now my address is the RMS Titanic. After that good humor. Salad is served. Jack reaches for the fish fork. Rose giv picks up the salad fork, prompting him with her eyes. He
50) 18) dialog: Well... it's a big world, and I want to see it all before was always talkin' about goin' to see the ocean. He died born in, and never did see it. You can't wait around, bec know what hand you're going to get dealt next. See, my fo when I was fifteen, and I've been on the road since. Some teaches you to take life as it comes at you. To make each Molly Brown raises her glass in a salute.
50) 20) text: Here, here. Rose raises her glass, looking at Jack.
50) 23) dialog: I work my way from place to place. Tramp steamers and suc on Titanic here in a lucky hand at poker. (he glances at Rose)
50) 41) dialog: No thanks. I'm heading back.
50) 44) dialog: Time for my coach to turn back into a pumpkin. He leans over to take her hand. INSERT: We see him slip a tiny folded not into her palm. Ruth, scowling, watches him walk away across the enormous surreptitiously opens the note below table level. It read Meet me at the clock".
51) 0) text: Rose crosses the A-Deck foyer, sighting Jack at the landi is the crystal dome. Jack has his back to her, studying t with its carved figures of Honor and Glory. It softly str MOVING WITH ROSE as she goes up the sweeping staircase to turns, sees her... smiles.
51) 1) dialog: Want to go to a real party?
52) 0) text: Crow led and alive with music, laughter and raucous carry band is gathered near the upright piano, honking out live on fiddle, accoridon and tambourine. People of all ages a drinking beer and wine, smoking, laughing, even brawling. Tommy hands Rose a pint of stout and she hoists it. Jack with 5 year old Cora Cartmell, or tries to, with her stan As the tune ends, Rose leans down to the little girl.
52) 2) dialog: You're still my best girl, Cora. Cora scampers off. Rose and Jack face each other. She is takes her right hand in his left. His other hand slides t back. It is an electrifying moment.
52) 4) dialog: Just move with me. Don't think. The music starts and they are off. A little awkward at fi get into it. She grins at Jack as she starts to get the r steops.
53) 0) text: The scene is rowdy and rollicking. A table gets knocked o crashes into it. And in the middle of it... Rose dancing stocking feet. The steps are fast and she shines with swe around them, and people watch them, clapping as the band faster. FABRIZIO AND HELGA. Dancing has obviated the need for a c whirls her, then she responds by whirling him... Fabrizio when he realizes she's stronger than he is. The tune ends in a mad rush. Jack steps away from Rose wi allowing her to take a bow. Exhilarated and slightly tips graceful ballet ployer, feet turned out perfectly. Everyo applauds. Rose is a hit with the steerage folks, who've n party with them. They move to a table, flushed and sweaty. Rose grabs Fabr and takes a big drag. She's feeling cocky. Fabrizio is gr hands with Helga.
53) 1) dialog: How you two doin'? FABRIZIO
53) 5) dialog: Boys, boys! Did I ever tell you the one about the Swede a goin' to the whorehouse? Tommy stands there, all piss and vinegar, chest puffed up and claps Bjorn on the shoulder.
54) 0) text: The stars blaze overhead, so bright and clear you can see Rose and Jack walk along the row of lifeboats. Still gidd they are singing a popular song "Come Josephine in My Fly JACK/ROSE
54) 4) dialog: You're not one of them. There's been a mistake.
54) 6) dialog: Uh huh. You got mailed to the wrong address.
54) 11) dialog: That was a long one. My father used to say that whenever was a soul going to heaven.
54) 13) dialog: What would you wish for? After a beat, Rose pulls back.
54) 15) text: Goodnight, Jack. And thank you. She leaves the rail and hurries through the First Class E
54) 16) dialog: Rose!! But the door bangs shut, and she is gone. Back to her wor
57) 0) text: At the divine service, Captain Smith is leading a group i "Almighty Father Strong To Save." Rose and Ruth sing in t group. Lovejoy stands well back, keeping an eye on Rose. He noti the entry doors. Jack has been halted there by two stewar in his third class clothes, and stands there, hat in hand place.
57) 2) dialog: I was just here last night... don't you remember? (seeing Lovejoy coming toward him)
57) 5) dialog: I don't want money, I--
57) 7) dialog: I just need to talk to Rose for a--
57) 11) text: Come along you. END ON ROSE, not seeing Jack hustled out.
59) 0) text: Jack, walking with determination, is followed closely by Fabrizio. He quickly climbs the steps to B-Deck and steps separating 3rd from 2nd class.
59) 2) dialog: It was them, not her. (glancing around the deck)
59) 3) text: Ready... go. Tommy shakes his head resignedly and puts his hands toget down. Jack steps into Tommy's hands and gets boosted up t where he scrambles nimbly over the railing, onto the Firs
63) 0) text: Jack closes the door behind her, and glances out through window to the starboard rail, where the gym instructor is woman who was riding the bike. Rose and Jack are alone in
63) 2) dialog: Rose, you're no picnic... you're a spoiled little brat ev you're a strong, pure heart, and you're the most amazingl I've ever known and--
63) 4) dialog: No wait. Let me try to get this out. You're amazing... an nothing to offer you, Rose. I know that. But I'm involved jump, remember? I can't turn away without knowin' that yo alright. Rose feels the tears coming to her eyes. Jack is so open like anyone she has ever known.
63) 6) dialog: I don't think so. They've got you in a glass jar like som you're goin' to die if you don't break out. Maybe not rig you're strong. But sooner or later the fire in you is goi
63) 8) dialog: You're right. Only you can do that.
65) 0) text: TITANIC STEAMS TOWARD US, in the dusk light, as if lit by giant fire. As the ship looms, FILLING FRAME, we push in is there, right at the apex of the bow railing, his favor closes his eyes, letting the chill wind clear his head. Jack hears her voice, behind him...
65) 4) dialog: Sssshh. Come here. He puts his hands on her waist. As if he is going to kiss
65) 5) dialog: Close your eyes. She does, and he turns her to face forward, the way the s presses her gently to the rail, standing right behind her her two hands and raises them until she is standing with outstetched on each side. Rose is going along with him. W hands, her arms stay up... like wings.
65) 6) dialog: Okay. Open them. Rose gasps. There is nothing in her field of vision but w there is no ship under them at all, just the two of them Atlantic unrolls toward her, a hammered copper shield und There is only the wind, and the hiss of the water 50 feel
65) 8) dialog: (singing softly)
65) 9) text: Come Josephine in my flying machine... Rose cleses her eyes, feeling herself floating weightless sea. She smiles dreamily, then leans back, gently pressin his chest. He pushes forward slightly against her. Slowly he raises his hands, arms outstretched, and they m fingertips gently touching. Then their fingers intertwine their fingers caress through and around each other like t lovers. Jack tips his face forward into her blowing hair, letting wash over him, until his cheek is agianst her ear. Rose turns her head until her lips are near his. She lowe turning further, until she finds his mouth with hers. He around her from behind, and they kiss like this with her tilted back, surrendering to him, to the emotion, to the kiss, slowly and tremulously, and then with building pass Jack and the ship seem to merge into one force of power a lifting her, buoying her forward on a magical journey, so a night without fear. 100 IN THE CROW'S NEST, high above and behind them, looko nudges his mate, REGINALD LEE, pointing down at the figur
67) 0) text: ... 1912. Like in a dream the beautiful woodwork and sati emerge from the rusted ruin. Jack is overwhelmed by the o room. He sets his sketchbood and drawing materials on the
67) 2) dialog: (bad French accent)
67) 5) dialog: Isn't he great... the use of color? I saw him once... thr this garden fence in Giverny. She goes into the adjoining walk-in wardrobe closet. He s safe and start working the combination. He's fascinated.
67) 7) dialog: Should I be expecting him anytime soon?
67) 9) dialog: What is it? A sapphire?
67) 12) text: Wearing only this. He looks up at her, surprised, and we CUT TO: 104 ROSE'S BEDROOM. ON THE BUTTERFLY COMB as Rose draws i She shakes her head and her hair falls free around her sh 105 IN THE SITTING ROOM Jack is laying out his pencils li His sketchbook is open and ready. He looks up as she come wearing a silk kimono.
67) 15) dialog: Uh... just bend your left leg a little and... and lower y me. That's it. Jack starts to sketch. He drops his pencil and she stifle
67) 17) dialog: (sweating)
67) 18) text: He does landscapes. TIGHT ON JACK as his eyes come up to look at her over the sketchpad. We have seen this image of him before, in her image she will carry the rest of her life. Despite his nervousness, he draws with sure strokes, and the best thing he has ever done. Her pose is languid, her and her eyes radiate her energy. PUSH SLOWLY IN ON ROSE'S FACE...
68) 1) text: My heart was pounding the whole time. It was the most ero life... up till then at least. CUT TO REVERSE: A semicircle of listeners staring in rapt The story of Jack and Rose has finally and completely gra
69) 0) text: BACK TO 1912. Jack is signing the drawing. Rose, wearing is leaning on his shoulder, watching. OLD ROSE (V.O.)
72) 0) text: Rose, fully dressed now, returns to the sitting room. The the lock. Rose takes Jack's hand and leads him silently t bedrooms. Lovejoy enters by the sitting room door.
73) 0) text: Rose and Jack come out of her stateroom, closing the door quickly along the corridor toward the B deck foyer. They the open space when the sitting room door opens in the co comes out. The valet sees Jack with Rose and hustles afte
75) 0) text: A functional space, with access to a number of machine sp boiler uptakes). Jack and Rose are leaning against a wall
75) 1) dialog: Pretty tough for a valet, this fella.
75) 3) dialog: Kinda like we're doin' right now-- uh oh! Lovejoy has spotted them from a cross-corridor nearby. He them. Jack and Rose run around a corner into a blind alle door, marked CREW ONLY, and Jack flings it open. 115 They enter a roaring RAN ROOM, with no way out but a Jack latches the deadbolt on the door, and Lovejoy slams moment later. Jack grins at Rose, pointing to the ladder.
75) 4) dialog: After you, m'lady.
76) 0) text: Jack and Rose come down the escape ladder and look around is like a vision of hell itself, with the roaring furnace figures moving in the smoky glow. They run the length of dodging amazed stokers, and trimmers with their wheelbarr
76) 1) dialog: (shouting over the din)
79) 0) text: Jack and Rose enter and run laughing between the rows of hugs herself against the cold, after the dripping heat of They come upon William Carter's brand new RENAULT touring to a pallet. It looks like a royal coach from a fairy tal and headlamps nicely set off by its deep burgundy color. Rose climbs into the plushly upholstered back seat, actin There are cut crystals bud vases on the walls back there, rose. Jack jumps into the driver's seat, enjoying hte fee and wood.
79) 1) dialog: Where to, Miss?
79) 3) dialog: Are you nervous?
80) 0) text: A BRILLIANT ARC OF ELECTRICITY fills frame-- the sparks g instrument as SENIOR WIRELESS OPERATOR JACK PHILLIPS (24) a message. Junior Operator Bride looks through the huge s messages swamping them.
83) 0) text: PUSHING IN on the rear window of the Renault, which is co up. Rose's hand comes up and slams against the glass for handprint in the veil of condensation. INSIDE THE CAR, Jack's overcoat is liek a blanket over th Rose pulls it down. They are huddled under it, intertwine clothed. Their faces are flushed and they look at each ot She puts her hand on his face, as if making sure he is re
83) 2) dialog: It's okay. I'm alright. He lays his cheek against her chest.
83) 3) dialog: I can feel your heart beating. She hugs his head to her chest, and just holds on for dea OLD ROSE (V.O.)
85) 0) text: Without hearing hte words over the roar of the furnaces, telling TWO STEWARDS which way Rose and Jack went. The st toward the forward holds.
88) 0) text: Rose and Jack, fully dressed, come through a crew door on can barely stand, they are laughing so hard. UP ABOVE THEM, IN THE CROW'S NEST, lookout Fleet hears th below and looks around and back down to the well deck, wh figures embracing. Jack and Rose stand in each others arms. Their breath clo the now freezing air, but they don't even feel the cold.
88) 2) dialog: This is crazy.
93) 0) text: Jack and Rose are leaning over the starboard rail, lookin the ship.
93) 1) dialog: Looks okay. I don't see anything.
93) 3) dialog: It didn't seem like much of a bump. I'm sure we're okay. Behind them a couple of steerage guys are kicking the ice laughing.
98) 5) dialog: (low, to her)
98) 8) dialog: Now it's worse.
98) 10) dialog: Right. Jack follows Rose through the door inside the ship.
99) 0) text: Jack and Rose cross the foyer, entering the corridor. Lov for them in the hall as they approach the room.
100) 0) text: Cal and Ruth wait in the sitting room, along with the Mas two stewards (Steward #1 and Barnes). Silence as Rose and closes her robe at her throat when she sees Jack.
100) 4) text: Search him. The Master at Arms steps up to Jack. MASTER AT ARMS
100) 5) text: Coat off, mate. Lovejoy pulls at Jack's coat and Jack shakes his head in out of it. The Master at Arms pats him down.
100) 6) dialog: This is horseshit.
100) 8) text: Is this it? Rose is stunned. Needless to say, so is Jack.
100) 10) text: Right then. Now don't make a fuss. He starts to handcuff Jack.
100) 11) dialog: Don't you believe it, Rose. Don't!
100) 18) dialog: They put it in my pocket!
100) 23) dialog: I was going to return it! Rose-- Rose feels utterly betrayed, hurt and confused. She shrin He starts shouting to her as Lovejoy and the Master at Ar into the hall. She can't look him in the eye.
100) 24) dialog: Rose, don't listen to them... I didn't do this! You know it! She is devastated. Her mother lays a comforting hand on h tears well up.
109) 0) text: Lovejoy and the Master at Arms are handcuffing Jack to a crewman rushes in anxiously and almost blurts to the Mast
114) 0) text: TRACKING along the rows of portholes angling down into th surface, they glow green. PUSHING IN on one porthole whic submerged. Inside we see Jack, looking apprehensively at up the glass. INSIDE THE MASTER AT ARMS' OFFICE Jack sits chained to th to the porthole. Lovejoy sits on the edge of a desk. He p on the desk and watches it roll across and fall off. He p bullet.
114) 2) text: I've been asked to give you this small token of our appre He punches Jack hard in the stomach, knocking the wind ou
119) 0) text: Jack pulls on the pipe with all his strength. It's not bu gurgling sound. Water pours under the door, spreading rap floor.
119) 1) dialog: Shit. He tries to pull one hand out of the cuffs, working until raw... no good.
119) 2) dialog: Help!! Somebody!! Can anybody hear me?! (to himself)
119) 3) text: This could be bad. 181 THE CORRIDOR outside is deserted. Flooded a couple of Jack's voice comes faintly through the door, but there is it.
124) 0) text: Jack is hopelessly pulling on the pipe again, straining u He collapses back on the bench. realizing he's screwed. T through the door.
124) 1) dialog: ROSE!! In here! 187 IN THE HALL Rose hears his voice behind her. She spin locating the right door, then pushes it open, creating a She splashes over Jack and puts her arms around him.
124) 3) dialog: That guy Lovejoy put it in my pocket.
124) 5) dialog: See if you can find a key for these. Try those drawers. I one. She kisses his face and hugs him again, then starts to go
124) 6) dialog: So... how did you find out I didn't do it?
124) 8) text: I just realized I already knew. They share a look, then she goes back to ransacking the r drawers and cupboards. Jack sees movement out the porthol A LIFEBOAT hits the surface of the water, seen from below
126) 2) dialog: You have to go for help.
126) 5) dialog: I'll wait here. She runs out, looking back at him once from the doorway, away. Jack looks down at the swirling water.
128) 0) text: Jack has climbed up on the bench, and is hugging the wate in, holding the axe above her head.
128) 2) dialog: We'll find out. They are both terrified, but trying to keep panic at bay. chain connecting the two cuffs, stretching it taut across The chain is of course very short, and his exposed wrists side of it.
128) 3) dialog: Try a couple practice swings. Rose hefts the axe and thunks it into a wooden cabinet.
128) 4) dialog: Now try to hit the same mark again. She swings hard and the blade thunks in four inches from
128) 5) dialog: Okay, that's enough practice. He winces, bracing himself as she raises the axe. She has about an inch wide with all the foce she can muster, with either side.
128) 6) dialog: (sounding calm)
128) 7) text: You can do it, Rose. Hit it as hard as you can, I trust y Jack closes his eyes. So does she. The axe comes down. K-WHANG! Rose gingerly opens her eyes grinning with two separate cuffs. Rose drops the axe, all the strength going out of her.
128) 8) dialog: Nice work, there, Paul Bunyan. He climbs down into the water next to her. He can't breat
128) 9) dialog: Shit! Excuse my French. Ow ow ow, that is cold! Come on, They wade out into the hall. Rose starts toward the stiar Jack stops her. There is only about a foot of the stairwe visible.
128) 10) dialog: Too deep. We gotta find another way out.
130) 0) text: The widest passageway in the ship, it is used by crew and and runs almost the length of the ship. Right now steerag along it like refugees, heading aft. CRASH! A wooden doorframe splinters and the door bursts o force of Jack's shoulder. Jack and Rose stumble through, A STEWARD, who was nearby herding people along, marches o
130) 2) text: Shutup! Jack leads her past the dumbfounded steward. They join th stragglers going aft. In places the corridor is almost co by large families carrying all their luggage. AN IRISH WOMAN gives Rose a blanket, more for modesty tha blue-lipped and shivering. IRISHWOMAN
130) 3) text: Here, lass, cover yerself. Jack rubs her arms and tries to warm her up as they walk husband offers them a flask of whiskey. IRISHMAN
130) 4) text: This'll take the chill off. Rose takes a mighty belt and hands it to Jack. He grins a Jack tries a number of DOORS and IRON GATES along the way locked.
132) 0) text: AT THE BOW... the place where Jack and Rose first kissed. goes under water water. Water swirls around the captsans the foc'sle deck. Smith strides to the bridge rail and looks down at the we shipped over the sides and the well deck is awash. Two me deck, their feet sending up spray. Behind Smith, Boxhall rocket. WHOOSH!
133) 1) dialog: Fabrizio! Fabri! Fabrizio turns and sees Jack and Rose pushing through the Jack hug like brothers. FABRIZIO
133) 3) dialog: We gotta get up there or we're gonna be gargling saltwate Fabrizio points over the heads of the solidly packed crow stairwell. Tommy has his hands on the bars of the steel gate which b the stairwell. The crew open the gate a foot or so and a squeezing through. STEWARD #2
133) 9) dialog: Well, whatever we're goin' to do, we better do it fast. Fabrizio turns to Helga, praying he can make himself unde FABRIZIO (with a lot of hand gestures)
133) 12) text: I will never forget you. He turns to Jack, who leads the way out of the crowd. Loo sees her face disappear into the crowd.
135) 0) text: Jack, Rose, Fabrizio and Tommy are lost, searching for a past confused passengers... past a mother changing her ba of an upturned steamer trunk... past a woman arguing heat Serbo-Croatian, a wailing child next to them... past a ma console a woman who is just sitting on the floor, sobbing another man with an English/Arabic dictionary, trying to the signs mean, while his wife and children wait patientl Jack et al come upon a narrow stairwell and they go up tw they are stopped by a small group pressed up against a st steerage men are yelling at a scared STEWARD.
135) 2) dialog: God damn it to Hell son of a bitch!! He grabs one end of a bench bolted to the floor on the la pulling on it, and Tommy and Fabrizio pitch in until the breaks free. Rose figures out what they are doing and cle stairs between the waiting people.
144) 0) text: Jack, Rose et al burst out onto the boat deck from the cr of the third funnel. They look at the empty davits.
144) 4) text: Yes, miss... there are still a couple of boats all the wa way, I'll lead you! Jack grabs her hand and they sprint past Gracie, with Tom close behind. ANGLE ON THE BAND... incredibly they are still playing. J others run by.
146) 1) text: Women and children, please. Women and children only. Step Even with Jack's arms wrapped around her, Rose is shiveri Near her a WOMAN with TWO YOUNG DAUGHTERS looks into the she knows she may not see again
146) 6) dialog: You better check out the other side. They nod and run off, searching for a way around the deck
146) 8) dialog: Get in the boat, Rose. Cal walks up just then.
146) 13) dialog: Go on. I'll get the next one.
146) 17) dialog: (he smiles reassuringly)
146) 23) dialog: Almost as good as you.
146) 25) text: Pity I didn't keep that drawing. It's going to be worth a morning. Jack knows he is screwed. He looks down at Rose, not want second of his last view of her. 222 ROSE'S PERCEPTION... IN SLOW MOTION: The ropes going pulleys as the seamen start to lower. All sound going awa giving orders, his lips moving... but Rose hears only the her ears... this cannot be happening... a rocket bursts a slow-motion, outlining Jack in a halo of light... Rose's slow motion as she gazes up at him, descending away from his hand trembling, the tears at the corners of his eyes, believe the unbearable pain she is feeling... Rose is still staring up, tears pouring down her face. SUDDENLY SHE IS MOVING. She lunges across the women next the gunwale, climbing it... Hurls herself out of the boat to the rail of the A-Deck p it, and scrambling over the rail. The Boat 2 continues do back on Titanic.
146) 26) dialog: No Rose! NOOOO!! Jack spins from the rail, running for the nearest way dow Hockley too has seen her jump. She is willing to die for gutter scum. He is overwhelmed by a rage so all consuming thought.
147) 0) text: TRACKING WITH JACK as he bangs through the doors to the f down the stairs. He sees her coming into A-deck foyer, ru Cal's long coat flying out behind her as she runs. They meet at the bottom of the stairs, and collide in an
147) 1) dialog: Rose, Rose, you're so stupid, you're such an idiot-- And all the while he's kissing her and holding her as tig
147) 3) dialog: Right. Hockley comes in and runs to the railing. Looking down he in their embrace. Lovejoy comes up behind Cal and puts a on him, but Cal whips around, grabbing the pistol from Lo in one cobra-fast move. He RUNS along the rail and down the stairs. As he reaches them he raises the gun. SCREAMING in rage, he FIRES. The carved cherub at the foot of the center railing EXPLO Rose toward the stairs going down to the next deck. Cal f running down the steps toward them. A bullet blows a dive panelling behind Jack's head as he pulls Rose down the ne stairs. Hockley steps on the skittering head of the cherub statue sprawling. The gun clatters across the marble floor. He g reeling drunkenly goes over to retrieve it.
149) 0) text: Lovejoy moves among the tables and ornate columns, search listening... his eyes tracking rapidly. It is a sea of ta could be anywhere. A silver serving tolley rolls downhill tables and pillars. He glances behind him. The water is following him into th in a hundred foot wide tide. The reception room is now a the grand staircase is submerged past the first landing. echo through the ship. ON JACK AND ROSE, crouched behind a table, somewhere in t see the water advancing toward them, swirling over the fl ahead of it to the next row of tables.
149) 1) dialog: (whispering)
149) 2) text: Stay here. He moves off as-- Lovejoy moves over one row and looks along the tables. No The ship GROANS and CREAKS. He moves another row. ANGLE ON A METAL CART... five feet tall and full of stack It starts to roll down the aisle between tables. ON ROSE as the cart rolls toward her. It hits a table and dishes topple out, EXPLODING across the floor and showeri She scrambles out of the way and-- Lovejoy spins, seeing her. He moves rapidly toward her, k aimed-- That's when Jack tackles him from the side. They slam tog table, crashing over it, and toppling to the floor. They which is flowing rapidly between the tables. Jack and Lovejoy grapple in the icy water. Jack jams his Lovejoy's hand, breaking his grip on the pistol, and kick scrmbles up and lunges at him, but Jack GUTPUCHES him rig plexus, doubling him over.
149) 3) dialog: Compliments of the Chippewa Falls Dawsons. He grabs Lovejoy and slams him into an ornate columb. Lov floor with a splas, stunned.
149) 4) dialog: Let's go. Jack and Rose run aft... uphill... entering the galley. B tables have become islands in a lake... and the far end o flooded up to the ceiling. Lovejoy gets up and looks around for his gun. He pulls it water and wades after them.
150) 0) text: They run throught the galley and Rose spots the stairs. S Jack grabs her hand. He leads her DOWN. They crouch together on the landing as Lovejoy runs to th they have gone up (who wouldn't?) he clombs up them two a They wait for the footstep to recede. A long CREAKING GRO it... a CRYING CHILD. Below them. They go down a frew ste the next deck.
151) 2) dialog: Come on. Charging the other way down the flooding corridor, they b each footstep. At the end of the hall are heavy double do approaches them he sees water spraying through the gap be right up to the ceiling. The doors groan and start to cra of pressure.
151) 3) dialog: Back! Go back!! Rose pivots and runs back the way they came, taking a tur cross-corridor. A MAN is coming the other way. He sees th arms and cries out, grabbing him away from Jack. Starts c Russian. He runs on with the boy--
152) 0) text: Jack and Rose pound up the steps as white water swirls up BACK to reveal that a steel gate blocks the top of the st against the fate, gripping the bars. A terrified steward standing guard on the landing above t sight of the water thundering up the stairs.
152) 1) dialog: Wait! Wait! Help us! Unlock the gate. The steward runs on. The water wells up around Jack and R through the gate and slamming them against it. In seconds waist.
152) 4) dialog: Come on! Come on! Jack and Rose are right up against the ceiling... Suddenly the gate gives and SWINGS OPEN. They are pushing force of the water. They make it to stairs on the other s and follow the steward up to the next deck.
154) 0) text: Jack and Rose run up seemingly endless stairs as the ship torgues around them.
156) 0) text: Thomas Andrews stands in front of the fireplace, staring painting above the mantle. The fire is still going in the The room is empty except for Andrews. An ashtray falls of Behind him Jack and Rose run into the room, out of breath run through, toward the aft revolving door... then Rose r sees that his lifebelt is off, lying on a table.
156) 4) dialog: (to her)
156) 8) text: And to you, Mr. Andrews. Jack pulls her away and they run through the revolving do
159) 0) text: Jack and Rose run out of the PALM COURT into a dense crow way to the rail and looks at the state of the ship. The b water and tehre is chaos on deck. Jack helps her put her People stream around them, shouting and pushing.
159) 1) dialog: Okay... we keep moving aft. We have to stay on the ship a possible. They push their way aft through the panicking crowd.
161) 0) text: Jack and Rose clamber over the A-Deck aft rail. Then, usi strength, he lowers her toward the deck below, holding on She dangles, then falls. Jack jumps down behind her. They join a crush of people literally clawing and scrambl other to get down the narrow stairs to the well deck... t Seeing that the stairs are impossible, Jack climbs over t and helps Rose over. He lowers her again, and she falls i Joughin, now three sheets to the wind, happens to be next Rose to her feet. Jack drops down and the three of them p crowd across the well deck. Near them, at the rail, peopl the water. The ship GROANS and SHUDDERS. The man ahead of Jack is wa zombie.
161) 2) dialog: You wanna walk a little faster through that valley, fella
164) 0) text: The flooding is horrific. Walls and doors are splintered Water roars down corridors with pile-driver force. The CARTMELL FAMILY is at the top of a stairwell, jammed gate like Jack and Rose were. Water boils up the stairwel Bert Cartmell shakes the gate futilely, shouting for help wails as the water boils up around them all.
165) 0) text: Rose and Jack struggle to climb the well deck stairs as t Drunk Baker Joughin puts a hand squarely on Rose's butt a onto the deck.
166) 0) text: ON THE POOP DECK Jack and Rose struggle aft as the angle Hundreds of passengers, clinging to every fixed object on their knees around FATHER BYLES, who has his voice raised are praying, sobbing, or just staring at nothing, their m dread. Pulling himself from handhold to handhold, Jack tugs Rose deck.
166) 1) dialog: Come on, Rose. We can't expect God to do all the work for They struggle on, pushing through the praying people. A M footing ahead and slides toward them. Jack helps him. 261 THE PROPELLERS are twenty feet above the water and ri 262 JACK AND ROSE make it to the stern rail, right at the flagpole. They grip the rai, jammed in between other peop where Jack pulled her back onto the ship, just two night. liftime... ago. Above the wailing and sobbing, Father Byles' voice carrie emotion. FATHER BYLES
173) 0) text: The STERN ALF of the ship, almost four hundred feet long, the water. On the poop deck everyone screams as they feel plummeting. The sound goes up like the roar of fans at a when a run is scored. Swimming in the water directly under the stern a few unfo they see the keel coming down on them like God's bootheel stern section falls back almost level, thundering down in pushing out a mighty wave of displaced water. Jack and Rose struggle to hole onto the stern rail. They seemingly RIGHT ITSELF. Some of those praying think it is SEVERAL PEOPLE
173) 1) text: We're saved! Jack looks at Rose and shakes his head, grimly. Now the horrible mechanics play out. Pulled down by the a the flooded bow, the buoyant stern tilts up rapidly. They ASCENT as the fantail angles up again. Everyone is clingi railings, ventilators... anything to keep from sliding as The stern goes up and up, past 45 degrees, then past sixt People start to fall, sliding and tumbling. They skid dow screaming and flailing to grab onto somehting. They wrenc loose and pull them down as well. There is a pile-up of b forward rail. The DAHL FAMILY falls one by one.
173) 2) dialog: We have to move! He climbs over the stern rail and reaches back for Rose. to move. He grabs her hand.
173) 3) dialog: Come on! I've got you! Jack pulls her over the rail. It is the same place he pul rail two nights earlier, going the other direction. She g the railing is going HORIZONTAL, and the deck VERITCAL. J fiercely. The stern is now straight up in the air... a rumbling bla standing against the stars. It hangs there like that for its buoyancy stable. Rose lies on the railing, looking down fifteen stories to at the base of the stern section. People near them, who d hang from the railing, their legs dangling over the long one by one, plummeting down the vertical face of the poop them bounce horribly off deck benches and ventilators. Jack and Rose lie side by side on what was the vertical f gripping the railing, which is now horizontal. Just benea the gold letters TITANIC emblazoned across the stern. Rose stares down terrified at the black ocean waiting bel Jack looks to his left and sees Baker Joughin, crouching holding onto the railing. It is a surreal moment.
173) 6) dialog: (talking fast)
173) 10) text: Bodies are whirled and spun, some limp as dolls, others s spasmodically, as the vortex sucks them down and tumbles 280 Jack rises INTO FRAME F.G. kicking hard for the surfa tightly to Rose, pulling her up. 281 AT THE SURFACE: a roiling chaos of screaming, thrashi thousand people are now floating where the ship went down stunned, gasping for breath. Others are crying, praying, shouting... screaming. Jack and Rose surface among them. They barely have time t before people are clawing at them. People driven insane b degrees below freezing, a cold so intense it is indisting death by fire. A man pushes Rose under, trying to climb on top of her... trying to get out of the water, to climb onto anything. J repeatedly, pulling her free.
173) 11) dialog: Swim, Rose! SWIM! She tries, but her strokes are not as effective as his be lifejacket. They break out of the clot of people. He has of flotation, anything to get her out of the freezing wat
173) 12) dialog: Keep swimming. Keep moving. Come one, you can do it. All about them there is a tremendous wailing, screaming a chorus of tormented souls. And beyond that... nothing but stretching to the horizon. The sense of isolation and hop overwhelming.
174) 0) text: Jack strokes rhythmically, the effort keeping him from fr
174) 1) dialog: Look for something floating. Some debris... wood... anyth
174) 3) dialog: I know. I know. Help me, here. Look around. His words keep her focused, taking her mind off the waili Rose scans the water, panting, barely able to draw a brea and... SCREAMS. A DEVIL is right in from of her face. It is the black FRE swimming right at her like a seamonster in the darkness, bugging. It motors past her, like it is headed for Newfou Beyond it Rose sees somehting in the water.
174) 5) dialog: It's just enough for this lady... you'll push it under.
174) 7) dialog: You'll die quicker if you come any closer.
176) 0) text: JACK AND ROSE still float amid a chorus of hte damned. Ja officer nearby, CHIEF OFFICER WILDE. He is blowing his wh knowing the sound will carry over the water for miles.
176) 1) dialog: The boats will come back for us, Rose. Hold on just a lit had to row away for the suction and now they'll be coming She nods, his words helping her. She is shivering uncontr blue and her teeth chattering.
178) 0) text: Jack and Rose drift under the blazing stars. The water is the faintest undulating swell. Rose can actually see the on the black mirror of the sea. Jack squeezes the water out of her long coat, tucking it her legs. He rubs her arms. His face is chalk with in the MOANING in the darknes around them.
178) 2) dialog: Just a few more minutes. It'll take them a while to get t organized... Rose is unmoving, just staring into space. She knows the be any boats. Behind Jack she sees that Officer Wilde has He is slumped in his lifejacket, looking almost asleep. H exposure already.
178) 3) dialog: I don't know about you, but I intend to write a strongly the White Star Line about all this. She laughs weakly, but it sounds like a gasp of fear. Ros in the dim light.
178) 5) dialog: No... don't say your good-byes, Rose. Don't you give up.
178) 7) dialog: You're going to get out of this... you're going to go on to make babies and watch them grow and you're going to di warm in your bed. Not here. Not this night. Do you unders
178) 9) dialog: Rose, listen to me. Listen. Winning that ticket was the b ever happened to me. Jack is having trouble getting the breath to speak.
178) 10) dialog: It brought me to you. And I'm thankful, Rose. I'm thankfu His voice is trembling with the cold which is working tis But his eyes are unwavering.
178) 11) dialog: You must do me this honor... promise me you will survive. never give up... no matter what happens... no matter how promise me now, and never let go of that promise.
178) 13) dialog: Never let go.
181) 0) text: IN A HOVERING DOWNANGLE we see Jack and Rose floating in The stars reflect in the mill pond surface, and the two o floating in interstellar space. They are absolutely still locked together. Rose is staring upwards at the canopy of above her. The music is transparent, floating... as the l over Rose, and she feels peace. CLOSE ON Rose's face. Pale, like the faces of the dead. S floating in a void. Rose is in a semi-hallucinatory state dying. Her lips barely move as she sings a scrap of Jack'
181) 3) text: Jack. She touches his shoulder with her free hand. He doesn't r gently turns his face toward her. It is rimed with frost. He seems to be sleeping peacefully. But he is not asleep. Rose can only stare at his still face as the realization
186) 3) text: Not even your grandfather. A woman's heart is a deep ocea now you all know there was a man named Jack Dawson, and t in every way that a person can be saved. (closing her eyes)