6) 3) text: I'd rather show you than tell you, and we think we're ver just that. The old woman's name is ROSE CALVERT. Her face is a wrink shapeless and shrunken under a one-piece African-print dr But her eyes are just as bright and alive as those of a y Rose gets up and walks into the living room, wiping potte hands with a rag. A Pomeranian dog gets up and comes in w The younger soman, LIZZY CALVERT, rushes to help her.
8) 0) text: Beull hands Lovett the phone, pushing down the blinking l from Rose and we see both ends of the conversation. She i with a mystified Lizzy.
11) 0) text: IN A THUNDERING DOWNBLAST the helicopter's wheels bounce helipad. Lovett, Buell and Bodine watch as the HELICOPTER CREW CHI ten suitcases, and then Rose is lowered to the deck in a Keldysh crewmen. Lizzy, ducking unnecessarily under the r out, carrying FREDDY the Pomeranian. The crew chief hands crewmember a goldfish bowl with several fish in it. Rose light. HOLD ON the incongruous image of this little old lady, lo fragile amongst all the high tech gear, grungy deck crew equipment.
12) 0) text: Lizzy is unpacking Rose's things in the small utilitarian placing a number of FRAMED PHOTOS on the bureau, arrangin next to the fishbowl. Brock and Bodine are in the doorway
12) 3) dialog: Yes. We met just a few minutes ago, grandma. Remember, up
13) 4) dialog: You actually believe this is you, grandma?
13) 10) dialog: April 14, 1912.
14) 13) dialog: (taking the wheelchair)
37) 13) dialog: That's enough. Lizzy takes her out. Rose's old hand reapears at the door wave goodbye.
38) 6) dialog: Don't you mean work me?
38) 8) dialog: I'm not going to help you browbeat my hundred and
38) 12) text: Lizzy... you gotta understand something. I've bet it all of the Ocean. I've got all my dough tied up in this thing divorced me over this hunt. I need what's locked inside y memory. (he holds out his hand)
38) 14) dialog: What?
38) 16) dialog: Look, Brock, she's going to do this her way, in her own t she contacted you. She's out here for her own reasons, Go are.
38) 18) dialog: What past? She has never once, not once, ever said a word the Titanic until two days ago.
38) 20) dialog: (looks at him hard)
186) 2) text: No, there wouldn't be, would there? And I've never spoken not to anyone. (to Lizzy)
188) 1) dialog: I'm sorry.
189) 0) text: Rose walks through the shadows of the deck machinery. Her in the wind. Her feet are bare. Her hands are clutched at as if she is praying. ON LOVETT AND LIZZY running down the stairs from the top ROSE reaches the sern rail. Her gnarled fingers wrap over ancient foot steps up on the gunwale. She pushes herself forward. Over her shoulder, we see the black water glinti LOVETT AND LIZZY run up behind her.
189) 1) dialog: Grandma, wait!! Don't-- ROSE TURNS her head, looking at them. She turns further, something in her hand, something she was about to drop ov It is the "Heart of the Ocean". Lovett sees his holy grail in her hand and his eyes go wi over the railing where she can drop it anytime.