25) 2) text: At Cherbourg a woman came aboard named Margaret Brown, bu her Molly. History would call her the Unsinkable Molly Br had struck gold someplace out west, and she was what moth money". At 45, MOLLY BROWN is a tough talking straightshooter who finery of her genteel peers but will never be one of them OLD ROSE (V.O.)
28) 5) dialog: Why're ships always bein' called "she"? Is it because men women around have big sterns and should be weighed in ton (they all laugh)
28) 11) text: You like lamb, don't you sweetpea? Molly is watching the dynamic between Rose, Cal and Ruth.
28) 12) dialog: So, you gonna cut her meat for her too there, Cal? (turning to Ismay)
28) 20) dialog: She's a pistol, Cal. You sure you can handle her?
43) 2) dialog: Hello girls, I was hoping I'd catch you at tea.
43) 4) dialog: That sounds great. Let's go. I need to catch up on the go Ruth grits her teeth as the three of them head for the Gr go up. TRACKING WITH THEM, as they cross the room, the SH Bruce Ismay and Captain Smith at another table.
45) 22) dialog: Well, Jack, it sounds like you're a good man to have arou spot-- They all jump as a BUGLER sounds the meal call right behi
45) 23) dialog: Why do they insist on always announcing dinner like a dam
45) 28) dialog: Son, do you have the slightest comprehension of what you'
45) 30) dialog: Well, you're about to go into the snakepit. I hope you're you planning to wear? Jack looks down at his clothes. Back up at her. He hadn't that.
45) 31) dialog: I figured.
46) 0) text: Men's suits and jackets and formal wear are strewn all ov Molly is having a fine time. Jack is dressed, except for Molly is tying his bow tie.
46) 1) dialog: Don't feel bad about it. My husband still can't tie one o things after 20 years. There you go. She picks up a jacket off the bed and hands it to him. Ja bathroom to put it on. Molly starts picking up the stuff
46) 2) dialog: I gotta buy everything in three sizes 'cause I never know been eating while I'm away. She turns and sees him, though we don't.
46) 3) dialog: My, my, my... you shine up like a new penny.
48) 0) text: CUT TO THE RECEPTION ROOM ON D DECK, as the party descend encounter Molly Brown, looking good in a beaded dress, in broad-shouldered way. Molly grins when she sees Jack. As into the dining saloon she walks next to him, speaking lo
48) 1) dialog: Ain't nothin' to it, is there, Jack?
48) 3) dialog: Remember, the only thing they respect is money, so just a a lot of it and you're in the club. As they enter the swirling throng, Rose leans close to hi several notables.
50) 19) dialog: Well said, Jack. COLONEL GRACIE (raising his glass)
89) 14) dialog: Hey, can I get some ice here, please? Silently, a moving wall of ice fills the window behind he it. It disappears astern.
108) 0) text: A large number of First Class passengers have gathered ne They are getting indignant about the confusion. Molly Bro YOUNG STEWARD.
108) 1) dialog: What's doing, sonny? You've got us all trussed up and now heels. The young steward backs away, actually stumbling on the s YOUNG STEWARD
116) 3) dialog: Come on, you heard the man. Get in the boat, sister.
116) 9) dialog: Come on, Ruth, get in the boat. These are the first class here. That's it. Molly practically hands her over to Lightoller, then look other women who might need a push.
116) 10) dialog: Come on, Rose. You're next, darlin'. Rose steps back, shaking her head.
116) 17) dialog: Stuff a sock in it, would ya, Ruth. She'll be along. The boat lurches downward as the falls are paid out. TRACKING WITH ROSE, as she runs through the clusters of p back and a furious Cal is coming after her. She runs brea proper looking men.
118) 2) dialog: Ain't you boys ever rowed before? Here, gimme those oars. it's done. She climbs over Ruth to get at the oars, stepping on her Around them the evacuation is in full swing, with boats i others being lowered.
122) 0) text: Molly and the two seamen are rowing, and they've made it so. Enough to see that the ship is angled down into the w rail less than ten feet above the surface.
122) 1) dialog: Come on girls, join in, it'll keep ya warm. Let's go Ruth Ruth just stares at the spectacle of the great liner, its blazing, slanting down into the sullen black mirror of th
129) 1) dialog: Now there's somethin' you don't see every day.
136) 0) text: Ruth rows with Molly Brown, two other women and the incom She rests on her oars, exhausted, and looks back at the s It slants down into the water, still ablaze with light. N water forward of the bridge except for the foremast. Anot off, lighting up the entire area... there are a dozen boa from the ship. 207 AT THE BOAT DECK RAIL Captain Smith is shouting to Bo large metal megaphone.
136) 3) dialog: We got room for lots more. I say we go back. HITCHINS
168) 0) text: 268 TRACKING SLOWLY IN on Ruth as the sounds of the dying screaming people come across the water. 269 REVERSE / HER POV: IN A WIDE SHOT we see the spectacl her lights blazing, reflecting in the still water. Its st air, angles up over forty five degrees. The propellers ar the water. Over a thousand passengers cling to the decks, distance like a swarm of bees. The image is shocking, unbelieveable, unthinkable. Ruth s spectacle, unable to frame it or put it into any proporti MOLLY BROWN
177) 2) dialog: Aw knock it off, yer scarin' me. Come on girls, grab your (nobody moves)
177) 4) dialog: I don't understand a one of you. What's the matter with y back there! We got plenty a' room for more. HITCHINS