38) 10) text: one year old grandmother. I came down here to tell you to
45) 21) text: The others were gracious and curious about the man who'd my mother looked at him like an insect. A dangerous insec squashed quickly.
49) 1) text: He must have been nervous but he never faltered. They ass them... a young captain of industry perhaps... new money, still a memeber of the club. Mother of course, could alwa upon...
56) 9) text: How can you put this on my shoulders? Rose turns to her, and we see what Rose sees-- the naked mother's eyes.
135) 0) text: Jack, Rose, Fabrizio and Tommy are lost, searching for a past confused passengers... past a mother changing her ba of an upturned steamer trunk... past a woman arguing heat Serbo-Croatian, a wailing child next to them... past a ma console a woman who is just sitting on the floor, sobbing another man with an English/Arabic dictionary, trying to the signs mean, while his wife and children wait patientl Jack et al come upon a narrow stairwell and they go up tw they are stopped by a small group pressed up against a st steerage men are yelling at a scared STEWARD.
166) 3) text: I also saw a new Jerusalem, the holy city coming down out God, beautiful as a bride prepared to meet her husband. I voice from the throne ring out this is God's dwelling amo dwell with them and they shall be his people and He shall is alway with them. Rose stares about her at the faces of the doomed. Near th FAMILY, clinging together stoically. Helga looks at her b eyes are infinitely sad. Rose sees a young mother next to her, clutching her five is crying in terror.
166) 4) dialog: Shhh. Don't cry. It'll be over soon, darling. It'll all b FATHER BYLES
180) 0) text: The beam of an electric torch plays across the water like boat 14 comes toward us. ANGLE FROM THE BOAT as the torch illuminates floating deb trail of flotsam: a violin, a child's wooden soldier, a f steerage family. Daniel Marvin's wooden Biograph camera. Then, their white lifebelts bobbing in the darkness like first bodies come into the torch's beam. The people are d drowned, killed by the freezing water. Some look like the sleeping. Others stare with frozen eyes at the stars. Soon bodies are so thick the seamen cannot row. They hit heads of floating men and women... a wooden thunk. One se Lowe sees a mother floating with her arms frozen around h
185) 7) text: What do I tell your mother?