15) 5) dialog: (gazing at the leviathan)
15) 20) dialog: Honestly, Cal, if you weren't forever booking everything instant, we could have gone through the terminal instead the dock like some squalid immigrant family.
28) 7) dialog: You know I don't like that, Rose.
28) 11) text: You like lamb, don't you sweetpea? Molly is watching the dynamic between Rose, Cal and Ruth.
28) 16) dialog: My God, Rose, what's gotten into--
28) 18) dialog: (mortified)
30) 0) text: SLOWLY PUSHING IN ON ROSE as she sits, flanked by people conversation. Cal and Ruth are laughing together, while o LADY DUFF-GORDON is holding forth animatedly. We don't he saying. Rose is staring at her plate, barely listening to inconsequential babble around her. OLD ROSE (V.O.)
43) 0) text: Ruth is having tea with NOEL LUCY MARTHA DYER-EDWARDES, t ROTHES, a 35ish English blue-blood with patirician featur someone coming across the room and lowers her voice.
43) 1) dialog: Oh no, that vulgar Brown woman is coming this way. Get up she sits with us. Molly Brown walks up, greeting them cheerfully as they ar
43) 3) dialog: We're awfully sorry you missed it. The Countess and I are the air on the boat deck.
45) 20) dialog: Charmed, I'm sure. Jack has a little spit running down his chin. He doesn't Brown is grinning. As Rose proceeds with the introduction OLD ROSE (V.O.)
45) 26) dialog: (as they walk away)
45) 27) text: Rose, look at you... out in the sun with no hat. Honestly The Countess exits with Ruth and Rose, leaving Jack and M deck.
47) 0) text: Jack steps in and his breath is taken away by the splendo before him. Overhead is the enormous glass dome, with a c at its center. Sweeping down six stories is the First Cla Staircase, the epitome of the opulent naval architecture And the people: the women in their floor length dresses, hairstyles and abundant jewelry... the gentlemen in eveni with one hand at the small of the back, talking quietly. Jack descends to A deck. Several men nod a perfunctory gr back, keeping it simple. He feels like a spy. Cal comes down the stairs, with Ruth on his arm, covered both walk right past Jack, neither one gecognizeing him. one gent to another. But Jack barely has time to be amuse behind Cal and Ruth on the stairs is Rose, a vision in re low-cut dress showing off her neck and shoulders, her arm gloves that come well above above the elbow. Jack is hypn beauty. CLOSE ON ROSE as she approaches Jack. He imitates the gen hand behind his back. She extends her gloved hand and he the back of her fingers. Rose flushes, beaming noticeably her eyes off him.
48) 5) text: And over there, that's Sir Cosmo and Lucile, Lady Duff-Go naughty lingerie, among her many talents. Very popular wi Cal becomes engrossed in a conversations with Cosmo Duff- Gracie, while Ruth, the Countess and Lucille discuss fash Jack smoothly, to show him another couple, dressed impecc
48) 10) dialog: How can you say that Colonel? Caledon Hockley is a great The entourage strolls toward the dining saloon, where the Astor's going through the ornate double doors.
49) 0) text: Like a ballroom at the palace, alive and lit by a constel chandeliers, full of elegantly dressed people and beautif BANDLEADER WALLACE HARTLEY'S small orchestra. As Rose and move across the room to their table, Cal and Ruth beside OLD ROSE (V.O.)
50) 2) dialog: Tell us of the accommodations in steerage, Mr. Dawson. I good on this ship. WIDER: THE TABLE. Jack is seated opposite Rose, who is fl Thomas Andrews. Also at the table are Molly Brown, Ismay, the Countess, Guggenheim, Madame Aubert, and the Astors.
50) 15) dialog: And where exactly do you live, Mr. Dawson?
50) 17) dialog: You find that sort of rootless existence appealing, do yo
50) 22) dialog: How is it you have the means to travel, Mr. Dawson?
56) 0) text: Rose is dressed for the day, and is in the middle of help corset. The tight bindings do not inhibit Ruth's fury at
56) 1) dialog: You are not to see that boy again, do you understand me R Rose has her knee at the base of her mother's back and is corset strings with both hands.
56) 3) dialog: (wheeling on her)
56) 6) dialog: Your father left us nothing but a legacy of bad debts hid name. And that name is the only card we have to play. Rose turns her around and grabs the corset strings again. waist and Rose pulls.
56) 7) dialog: I don't understand you. It is a fine match with Hockley, our survival.
56) 10) dialog: Do you want to se me working as a seamstress? Is that wha want to see our fine things sold at an auction, our memor the winds? My God, Rose, how can you be so selfish?
56) 12) dialog: Of course it's unfair! We're women. Our choices are never Rose pulls the corset tighter.
57) 0) text: At the divine service, Captain Smith is leading a group i "Almighty Father Strong To Save." Rose and Ruth sing in t group. Lovejoy stands well back, keeping an eye on Rose. He noti the entry doors. Jack has been halted there by two stewar in his third class clothes, and stands there, hat in hand place.
58) 0) text: An Edwardian nautilus room. There are machines we recogni don't. A woman pedals a stationary bicycle in a long dres rediculous. Thomas Andrews is leading a small tour group, Ruth and Cal. Cal is wroking the oars of a stationary row well trained stroke.
58) 2) text: The electric horse is very popular. We even have an elect (to Ruth)
58) 4) dialog: Don't be absurd. I can't think of a skill I should likely
64) 1) dialog: Of course the invitations had to be sent back to the prin the bridesmaids dresses! Let me tell you what an odyssey TRACKING SLOWLY IN on Rose as Ruth goes on. REVERSE, ROSE'S POV: A tabeau of MOTHER and DAUGHTER havi year old girl, wearing white gloves, daintily picking up mother correcting her on her posture, and the way she hol little girl is trying so hard to please, her expression s of Rose at that age, and we see the relentless conditioni becoming an Edwardian geisha. ON ROSE. She calmly and deliberately turns her teacup ove all over her dress.
100) 0) text: Cal and Ruth wait in the sitting room, along with the Mas two stewards (Steward #1 and Barnes). Silence as Rose and closes her robe at her throat when she sees Jack.
100) 25) dialog: Why do women believe men?
104) 1) dialog: I had better go dress. Ruth exits and Hockley crosses to Rose. He regards her co then SLAPS her across the face.
108) 4) dialog: There's no need for language, Mr. Hockley. (to Trudy)
111) 1) text: Hadn't we better get the women and children into the boat Smith just nods, a bit abstractly. The fire has gone out sees the awesome truth in Smith's face. LIGHTOLLER (to the men)
111) 5) text: You watch. They'll put us off in these silly little boats we'll all be back on board by breakfast. Cal, Rose and Ruth come out of the doors near the band.
111) 6) dialog: My brooch, I left my brooch. I must have it! She turns back to go to her room but Cal takes her by the let her go. The firmness of his hold surprises her.
116) 4) dialog: Will the lifeboats be seated according to class? I hope t crowded--
116) 11) dialog: Rose, get in the boat!
116) 16) dialog: Rose! ROSE!!
129) 0) text: TIGHT ON THE LETTERS TITANIC painted two feet high on the steamer. Once 50 feet above the waterline, they now quiet surface. We see them, gold on black, rippling and dimming as they go deeper. 195 IN BOAT SIX, Ruth looks back at the Titanic, transfix the dying liner. The bowsprit is now barely above the wat Boxhall's rockets EXPLODES overhead. K-BOOM! It lights up and we see half a dozen boats in the water, spreading out
136) 0) text: Ruth rows with Molly Brown, two other women and the incom She rests on her oars, exhausted, and looks back at the s It slants down into the water, still ablaze with light. N water forward of the bridge except for the foremast. Anot off, lighting up the entire area... there are a dozen boa from the ship. 207 AT THE BOAT DECK RAIL Captain Smith is shouting to Bo large metal megaphone.
168) 0) text: 268 TRACKING SLOWLY IN on Ruth as the sounds of the dying screaming people come across the water. 269 REVERSE / HER POV: IN A WIDE SHOT we see the spectacl her lights blazing, reflecting in the still water. Its st air, angles up over forty five degrees. The propellers ar the water. Over a thousand passengers cling to the decks, distance like a swarm of bees. The image is shocking, unbelieveable, unthinkable. Ruth s spectacle, unable to frame it or put it into any proporti MOLLY BROWN
177) 0) text: IN BOAT 6: Ruth has her ears covered against the wailing The first class women in the boat sit, stunned, listening hundreds screaming. HITCHINS
177) 5) text: If you don't shut that hole in yer face, there'll be one Ruth keeps her ears covered and her eyes closed, shutting 287 IN BOAT ONE: Sir Cosmo and Lucile Duff-Gordon sit wit in a boat that is two thirds empty. They are two hundred screaming in the darkness. FIREMAN HENDRICKSON