31) 0) text: Rose walks along the corridor. A steward coming the other and she nods with a slight smile. She is perfectly compos
44) 0) text: Rose and Jack stroll aft, past people lounging on deck ch slanting late-afternoon light. Stewards scurry to serve t
46) 5) dialog: Good evening, sir. Jack plays the role smoothly. Nods with just the right de
57) 1) dialog: Look, you, you're not supposed to be in here.
57) 10) dialog: Yes sir! (to Jack)
85) 0) text: Without hearing hte words over the roar of the furnaces, telling TWO STEWARDS which way Rose and Jack went. The st toward the forward holds.
87) 0) text: The two stewards enter. They have electric torches and pl around the hold. They spot the Renault with its fogged up approach it slowly. FROM INSIDE we see the torch light up Rose's passionate h there on the fogged up glass. One steward whips open the
87) 1) dialog: Got yer! REVERSE: the back seat is empty.
92) 0) text: A couple of people have come out into the corridor in rob STeWARD hurries along, reassuring them.
95) 0) text: Bruce Ismay, dressed in pajamas under the topcoat, hurrie corridor, headed for the bridge. An officious steward nam along the other direction, getting the few concerned pass their rooms. STEWARD BARNES
95) 1) text: There's no cause for alarm. Please, go back to your rooms He is stopped in his tracks by Cal and Lovejoy. STEWARD BARNES
100) 0) text: Cal and Ruth wait in the sitting room, along with the Mas two stewards (Steward #1 and Barnes). Silence as Rose and closes her robe at her throat when she sees Jack.
104) 6) dialog: I'm sorry about the inconvenience, Mr. Hockley, but it's Please dress warmly, it's quite cold tonight. (he hands a lifebelt to Rose)
105) 0) text: BLACKNESS. Then BANG! The door is thrown open and the lig a steward. The Cartmell family rouses from a sound sleep. STEWARD #2
105) 1) text: Everybody up. Let's go. Put your lifebelts on. IN THE CORRIDOR outside, another steward is going from do the hall, pouncing and yelling. STEWARD #2
105) 2) text: Lifebelts on. Lifebelts on. Everybody up, come on. Lifebe People come out of the doors behind the steward, perplexe foreground a SYRIAN WOMAN asks her husband what was said.
108) 0) text: A large number of First Class passengers have gathered ne They are getting indignant about the confusion. Molly Bro YOUNG STEWARD.
112) 0) text: It is chaos, with stewards pushing their way through narr clogged with peopel carrying suitcases, duffel bags, chil lifebelts on, others don't. STEWARD #2 (to Steward #3)
112) 1) text: I told the stupid sods no luggage. Aw, bloody hell! He throws up his hand at the sight of a family, loaded do bags, completely blocking the corridor. Fabrizio and Tommy push past the stewards, going the othe huge crowd gathered at the bottom of the MAIN 3RD CLASS S spots Helga with the rest of the Dahl family, standing pa suitcases in hand. He reaches her and she grins, hugging Tommy pushes to where he can see what's holding up the gr steel gate across the top of the stairs, with several ste on the other side.
112) 2) dialog: Stay calm, please. It's not time to go up to the boats ye Near Tommy, an IRISHWOMAN stands stoically with two small their battered luggage. LITTLE BOY
127) 3) dialog: Come on, then, let's get you topside, miss, that's right.
127) 5) dialog: No need for panic, miss. Come along!
127) 7) dialog: To Hell with you!
130) 0) text: The widest passageway in the ship, it is used by crew and and runs almost the length of the ship. Right now steerag along it like refugees, heading aft. CRASH! A wooden doorframe splinters and the door bursts o force of Jack's shoulder. Jack and Rose stumble through, A STEWARD, who was nearby herding people along, marches o
130) 1) dialog: Here you! You'll have to pay for that, you know. That's W property-- JACK AND ROSE (turning together)
130) 2) text: Shutup! Jack leads her past the dumbfounded steward. They join th stragglers going aft. In places the corridor is almost co by large families carrying all their luggage. AN IRISH WOMAN gives Rose a blanket, more for modesty tha blue-lipped and shivering. IRISHWOMAN
133) 4) text: Women only. No men. No men!! But some terrified men, not understanding English, try to gap, forcing the gate open. The crewmen and stewards push shoving and punching them. STEWARD #2
133) 6) text: Lock it!! They struggle to get the gate closed again, while Steward small revolver. Another holds a fire axe. They lock the g goes up among the crowd, who surge forward, pounding agai shouting in several languages.
135) 0) text: Jack, Rose, Fabrizio and Tommy are lost, searching for a past confused passengers... past a mother changing her ba of an upturned steamer trunk... past a woman arguing heat Serbo-Croatian, a wailing child next to them... past a ma console a woman who is just sitting on the floor, sobbing another man with an English/Arabic dictionary, trying to the signs mean, while his wife and children wait patientl Jack et al come upon a narrow stairwell and they go up tw they are stopped by a small group pressed up against a st steerage men are yelling at a scared STEWARD.
135) 1) dialog: Go to the main stairwell, with everyone else. It'll all g there. Jack takes one look at this scene and finally just loses
152) 0) text: Jack and Rose pound up the steps as white water swirls up BACK to reveal that a steel gate blocks the top of the st against the fate, gripping the bars. A terrified steward standing guard on the landing above t sight of the water thundering up the stairs.
152) 3) dialog: Fucking 'ell! He runs back, slogging against the curretn. He pulls a ke belt and struggles to unlock the padlock as the water fou them. The lights short out and the landing is plunged into dark The water rises over the lock and he's doing it by feel.
185) 0) text: It is the afternoon of the 15th. Cal is searching the fac lining the deck, looking for Rose. The deck of Carpathia huddled people, and even the recovered lifeboats of Titan cover sits an enormous pile of lifebelts. He keeps walking toward the stern. Seeing Cal's tuxedo, a approaches him. CARPATHIA STEWARD