29) 0) text: Jack sits on a bench in the sun. Titanic's wake spreads o the horizon. He has his knees pulled up, supporting a lea sketching pad, his only valuable possession. With conte c rapidly, using sure strokes. An emigrant from Manchester his 3 year old daughter CORA standing on the lower rung o leaned back against his beer barrel of a stomach, watchin THE SKETCH captures them perfectly, with a great sense of the moment. Jack is good. Really good. Fabrizio looks ove He nods appreciatively. TOMMY RYAN, a scowling young Irish emigrant, watches as a by, walking three small dogs around the deck. One of them BULLDOG, is among the ugliest creatures on the planet.
29) 1) dialog: That's typical. First class dogs come down here to take a Jack looks up from his sketch.
29) 3) dialog: Like we could forget. Jack glances across the well deck. At the aft railing of stands ROSE, in a long yellow dress and white gloves. CLOSE ON JACK, unable to take his eyes off of her. They a each other, about 60 feet apart, with the well deck like them. She on her promontory, he on his much lower one. Sh the water. He watches her unpin her elaborate hat and take it off. S frilly absurd thing, then tosses it over the rail. It sai water and is carried away, astern. A spot of yellow in th is riveted by her. She looks like a figure in a romantic isolated. Fabrizio taps Tommy and they both look at Jack gazin at R Tommy grin at each other. Rose turns suddenly and looks right at Jack. He is caught doesn't look away. She does, but then looks back. Their e the space of the well deck, across the gulf between world Jack sees a man (Cal) come up behind her and take her arm arm away. They argue in pantomime. She storms away, and h disappearing along the A-deck promenade. Jack stares afte
29) 4) dialog: Forget it, boyo. You'd as like have angels fly out o' yer to the likes o' her.
41) 0) text: The social center of steerage life. It is stark by compar opulence of first class, but is a loud, boisterous place. with babies, kids running between the benches yelling in and being scolded in several more. There are old women ye chess, girls doing needlepoint and reading dime novels. T upright piano and Tommy Ryan is noodling around it. Three boys, shrieking and shouting, are scrambling around under the benches, trying to whomp it with a shoe and cau havoc. Jack is playing with 5 year old CORA CARTMeLL, dra together in his sketchbook. Fabrizio is struggling to get a conversation going with a Norwegian girl, HELGA DAHL, sitting with her family at a room. FABRIZIO
52) 0) text: Crow led and alive with music, laughter and raucous carry band is gathered near the upright piano, honking out live on fiddle, accoridon and tambourine. People of all ages a drinking beer and wine, smoking, laughing, even brawling. Tommy hands Rose a pint of stout and she hoists it. Jack with 5 year old Cora Cartmell, or tries to, with her stan As the tune ends, Rose leans down to the little girl.
53) 2) text: I don't know hwat she's say, she don't know what I say, s fine. Tommy walks up with a pint for each of them. Rose chugs h
53) 4) dialog: You stupid bastard!! Bjorn comes around, his fists coming up... and Jack leaps of it, pushing them apart.
59) 1) dialog: She's a goddess amongst mortal men, there's no denyin'. B another world, Jackie, forget her. She's closed the door. Jack moves furtively to the wall below the A-Deck promena
59) 3) text: Ready... go. Tommy shakes his head resignedly and puts his hands toget down. Jack steps into Tommy's hands and gets boosted up t where he scrambles nimbly over the railing, onto the Firs
59) 4) dialog: He's not bein' logical, I tell ya. FABRIZIO
91) 1) text: Ma-- che cazzo! 152 IN HIS STATEROOM Tommy gets out of his top bunk in th down to the floor. SPLASH!!
94) 0) text: Fabrizio and Tommy are in a crowd of steerage men cloggin heading aft away from the flooding. Many of them have gra duffel bags, some of which are soaked.
94) 1) dialog: If this is the direction the rats were runnin', it's good
112) 1) text: I told the stupid sods no luggage. Aw, bloody hell! He throws up his hand at the sight of a family, loaded do bags, completely blocking the corridor. Fabrizio and Tommy push past the stewards, going the othe huge crowd gathered at the bottom of the MAIN 3RD CLASS S spots Helga with the rest of the Dahl family, standing pa suitcases in hand. He reaches her and she grins, hugging Tommy pushes to where he can see what's holding up the gr steel gate across the top of the stairs, with several ste on the other side.
133) 7) dialog: For the love of God, man, there are children down here! L can have a chance! But the crewmen are scared now. They have let the situati hand, and now they have a mob. Tommy gives up and pushes through the crowd, going down the stairs. He rejoins Jack Fabrizio.
133) 8) dialog: It's hopeless that way.
135) 0) text: Jack, Rose, Fabrizio and Tommy are lost, searching for a past confused passengers... past a mother changing her ba of an upturned steamer trunk... past a woman arguing heat Serbo-Croatian, a wailing child next to them... past a ma console a woman who is just sitting on the floor, sobbing another man with an English/Arabic dictionary, trying to the signs mean, while his wife and children wait patientl Jack et al come upon a narrow stairwell and they go up tw they are stopped by a small group pressed up against a st steerage men are yelling at a scared STEWARD.
144) 5) dialog: Music to drown by. Now I know I'm in First Class.
153) 0) text: Cal comes reeling out of the first class entrance, lookin lurches down the deck toward the bridge. Waltz music waft Somewhere the band is still playing. CAL'S POV: A little girl, maybe two years old, is crying alcove. She looks up at Cal beseechingly. Cal moves on wi back... reaching a large crowd clustered around COLLAPSIB the bridge. He sees Murdoch and a number of crewmen strug boat to the davits, with no luck. Cal pushes forward, trying to signal Murdoch, but the off Nearby Tommy and Fabrizio are being pushed forward by the PURSER MCELROY pushes them back, getting a couple of seam brandishes his gun, waving it in the air, yelling for the back.
155) 1) dialog: Give us a chance to live, you limey bastards! Murdoch fires his Webley twice in the air, then point it
158) 0) text: 242 IN A WIDE SHOT we see a wave travel up the boat deck house sinks into the water. 243 ON THE PORT SIDE Collapsible B is picked up by water. frantically, the men try to detach it from the falls so t it under. Colonel Gracie hands Lightoller a pocket knife furiously at the ropes as the water swirls around his leg upside down, is swept off the ship. Men start diving in, with it. 244 IN COLLAPSIBLE A Cal sits next to the wailing child, completely forgotten. He watches the water rising around work, scrambling to get the ropes cut so the ship won't d collapsible under. Fabrizio removes the lifebelt from Tommy's body and strug as the water rises around him. 245 CAPTAIN SMITH, standing near the wheel, watches the b climbing the windows of the enclosed wheelhouse. He has t expression of a damned sould on Judgment Day. The windows and a wall of water edged with shards of glass slams into disappears in a vortex of foam. 246 Collapsible A is hit by a wave as the bow plunges sud partially swamps the boat, washing it along the deck. Ove passengers are plunged into the freezing water and the ar becomes a frenzy of splashing, screaming people. As men are trying to climb into the callapsible, Cal grab pushes them back into the water.