5) 5) text: Hang on a second. A tech coaxes some letters in the water tray to one side revealing a pencil (conte crayon) drawing of a woman. Brock looks closely at the drawing, which is in excellent edges have partially disintegrated. The woman is beautifu rendered. In her late teens or early twenties, she is nud with a kind of casual modesty. She is on an Empire divan, light that seems to radiate outward from her eyes. Scrawl right corner is the date: April 14 1912. And the initials The girl is not entirely nude. At her throat is a diamond large stone hanging in the center. Lovett grabs a reference photo from the clutter on the la period black-and-white photo of a diamond necklace on a b jeller's display stand. He holds it next to the drawing. same piece... a complex setting with a massive central st almost heart-shaped.
6) 0) text: PULL BACK from the screen, showing the CNN report playing the living room of a small rustic house. It is full of ce folk art, the walls crammed with drawings and paintings.. over a lifetime. PANNING to show a glassed-in studio attached to the house quiet morning in Ojai, California. In the studio, amid in an ANCIENT WOMAN is throwing a pot on a potter's wheel. T covers her hands... hands that are gnarled and age-spotte surprisingly strong and supple. A woman in her early fort LOVETT (V.O.)
6) 3) text: I'd rather show you than tell you, and we think we're ver just that. The old woman's name is ROSE CALVERT. Her face is a wrink shapeless and shrunken under a one-piece African-print dr But her eyes are just as bright and alive as those of a y Rose gets up and walks into the living room, wiping potte hands with a rag. A Pomeranian dog gets up and comes in w The younger soman, LIZZY CALVERT, rushes to help her.
13) 0) text: Rose looks at the drawing in its tray of water, confronti a span of 84 years. Until they can figure out the best wa they have to keep it immersed. It sways and ripples, almo TIGHT ON Rose's ancient eyes, gazing at the drawing. 25 FLASHCUT of a man's hand, holding a conte crayon deftl shoulder and the shape of her hair with two efficient lin 26 THE WOMAN'S FACE IN THE DRAWING, dancing under the wat 27 A FLASHCUT of a man's eyes, just visible over the top pad. They look up suddenly right into the LENS. Soft eyes direct. 28 Rose smiles, remembering. Brock has the reference phot in his hand.
15) 0) text: SHOT CONTINUES IN A FLORIOUS REVEAL as the gleaming white Titanic rises mountainously beyond the rail, and above th buff-colored funnels stand against the sky like the pilla temple. Crewmen move across the deck, dwarfed by the awes steamer. Southanmpton, England, April 10, 1912. It is almost nnon crowd of hundreds blackens the pier next to Titanic like sandwich. IN FG a gorgeous burgundy RENAULT TOURING CAR swings into from a loading crane. It is lowered toward HATCH #2. On the pier horsedrawn vehicles, motorcars and lorries mo the dense throng. The atmosphere is one of excitement and giddiness. People embrace in tearful farewells, or wave a voyage wishes to friends and relatives on the decks above A white RENAULT, leading a silver-gray DAIMLER-BENZ, push crowd leaving a wake in the press of people. Around the h people are streaming to board the ship, jostling with hus stokers, porters, and barking WHITE STAR LINE officials. The Renault stops and the LIVERIED DRIVER scurries to ope YOUNG WOMAN dressed in a stunning white and purple outfit feathered hat. She is 17 years old and beautiful, regal o piercing eyes. It is the girl in the drawing. ROSE. She looks up at the with cool appraisal.
25) 0) text: Entering the first class reception room from the tender a prominent passengers. A BROAD-SHOULDERED WOMAN in an enor comes up the gangway, carrying a suitcase in each hand, a running to catch up with her to take the bags.
25) 1) dialog: Well, I wasn't about to wait all day for you, sonny. Take the way if you think you can manage. OLD ROSE (V.O.)
25) 2) text: At Cherbourg a woman came aboard named Margaret Brown, bu her Molly. History would call her the Unsinkable Molly Br had struck gold someplace out west, and she was what moth money". At 45, MOLLY BROWN is a tough talking straightshooter who finery of her genteel peers but will never be one of them OLD ROSE (V.O.)
58) 0) text: An Edwardian nautilus room. There are machines we recogni don't. A woman pedals a stationary bicycle in a long dres rediculous. Thomas Andrews is leading a small tour group, Ruth and Cal. Cal is wroking the oars of a stationary row well trained stroke.
63) 0) text: Jack closes the door behind her, and glances out through window to the starboard rail, where the gym instructor is woman who was riding the bike. Rose and Jack are alone in
92) 1) dialog: Why have the engines stopped? I felt a shudder? STEWARD #1
105) 2) text: Lifebelts on. Lifebelts on. Everybody up, come on. Lifebe People come out of the doors behind the steward, perplexe foreground a SYRIAN WOMAN asks her husband what was said.
111) 0) text: Lightoller has his boats swung out. He is standing amidst uncertain passengers in all states of dress and undress. woman is barefoot. Others are in stockings. The maitre of in top hat and overcoat. Others are still in evening dres in bathrobes and kimonos. Women are wearing lifebelts ove then topping it with sble stoles. Some brought jewels, ot small dogs. Lightoller sees Smith walking stiffly toward him and quic He yells into the Captain's ear, through cupped hands, ov steam... LIGHTOLLER
111) 4) text: Ladies, please. Step into the boat. Finally one soman steps across the gap, into the boat, te drop to the water far below. WOMAN IN CROWD
112) 4) dialog: We're just waiting, dear. When they fiish putting First C boats, they'll be startin' with us, and we'll want to be we?
130) 2) text: Shutup! Jack leads her past the dumbfounded steward. They join th stragglers going aft. In places the corridor is almost co by large families carrying all their luggage. AN IRISH WOMAN gives Rose a blanket, more for modesty tha blue-lipped and shivering. IRISHWOMAN
131) 0) text: ON THE BOAT DECK, the action has moved to the aft group o 9, 11, 13 and 15 on the starboard side, and 10, 12, 14 an side. The pace of work is more frantic. You see crew and now to work the davits, their previous complacency gone. CAL pushes through the crowd, scanning for Rose. Around h confusion. A woman is calling for a child who has become crowd. A man is shouting over people's heads. A woman tak Officer Lightoller's arm as he is about to launch Boat 10
131) 1) dialog: Will you hold the boat a moment? I have to run back to my something-- Lightoller grabs her and shoves her bodily into the boat. rushes up to him just then.
135) 0) text: Jack, Rose, Fabrizio and Tommy are lost, searching for a past confused passengers... past a mother changing her ba of an upturned steamer trunk... past a woman arguing heat Serbo-Croatian, a wailing child next to them... past a ma console a woman who is just sitting on the floor, sobbing another man with an English/Arabic dictionary, trying to the signs mean, while his wife and children wait patientl Jack et al come upon a narrow stairwell and they go up tw they are stopped by a small group pressed up against a st steerage men are yelling at a scared STEWARD.
146) 1) text: Women and children, please. Women and children only. Step Even with Jack's arms wrapped around her, Rose is shiveri Near her a WOMAN with TWO YOUNG DAUGHTERS looks into the she knows she may not see again
146) 3) text: Go with mummy. The woman stumbles to the boat with the children, hiding them. Beneath the false good cheer, the man is choked wit
176) 3) dialog: Come back! Please! We know you can hear us. For God's sak
186) 3) text: Not even your grandfather. A woman's heart is a deep ocea now you all know there was a man named Jack Dawson, and t in every way that a person can be saved. (closing her eyes)
189) 11) text: Look, Rose, I... I don't know what to say to a woman who the Titanic when it's not sinking, and jumps back onto it we're not dealing with logic here, I know that... but ple this a second.