5) 0) text: Keav helps to get Loung, Chou and Geak ready for bed. Lou in her pyjamas being told to stop jumping on the bed. (details - again important to feel her life before war)
9) 3) text: KHMER ROUGE WITH MEGAPHONE (CONTвЂ™D) The United States will bomb the city! Leave and stay in the countryside for three days! Loung doesnвЂ™t understand. Loung stares at a man holding a megaphone standing on a j A KR soldier fires shots to open a door and clear out a building. Loung claps her hands over her ears and hides h face against KeavвЂ™s chest. People push and shove one an in a frenzy. Ma now standing behind Loung has heard.
10) 0) text: Loung goes into the kitchen. Her lunch is waiting for her Everyone else has already eaten. She sits and eats. After a few minutes, Ma rushes into the kitchen with Keav begins to toss aluminum bowls, plates, spoons, forks, and knives into a big pot. The silverware clangs noisily, mak Loung jittery. Then picking up a cloth bag, she throws ba of sugar, salt, dried fish, uncooked rice, and canned foo into it.
13) 0) text: Families on the move. Chaos. The KR soldiers are everywhe There are so many of them around, giving orders into thei bullhorns cradling rifles in their arms. Loung notices the other children. The fear on their faces Small mountains of guns fill the sidewalk as government soldiers turn over their weapons to the men in black. The soldiers are then put into a truck and driven off. Loung buries her face into Keav's chest, her arms tight around her waist. Chou sits silently on the other side of Keav, her eyes shut. Beside them, Khouy and Meng sit ston faced, watching the exodus. (FACTвЂ” TWO MILLION PEOPLE EVACUATED THE CITY WITHIN 72
13) 2) dialog: DonвЂ™t look over the truck. Keep your head down. Loung pretends to follow her sisters orders but peeks ove the edge. Loung sees a doctor assisting a pregnant woman out of the hospital. A KR soldier telling the doctor to evacuate peo more quickly. The doctor begs him. He moves him aside and guides staff and patients out with his rifle. She sees a hospital evacuated. Some people being pushed in carts or hospital beds by their relatives. Soldiers in black knocking on doors with their gun buts a evacuating people from their homes.
16) 0) text: Hours later - the truck pulls over. The fields are lit up with small fires illuminating the f of the women squatting near them, preparing meals. Loung looks around. In the darkness she can still make out thousands of people milling around, or walking to unknown destinations. Others, like them have stopped to rest for night along the roadside. Later вЂ” Ma and Keav prepare the meal from the food Ma had packed. Chou is brushing GeakвЂ™s hair, being careful not to pull They squat in the darkness eating their food. (discuss Ma trading jewels for items or food)
28) 0) text: Fireworks from the dream turn into gunshots in the distan Loung wakes up the next morning to the voices of her brot and father whispering to each other about what went on in night. She canвЂ™t hear but they look concerned. 18. Keav takes her hand, grabs her things and leads her on.
29) 0) text: LoungвЂ™s POV - Pa carrying Geak and reassuring Kim. People see along the road the scars of war. Loung feels Keav's hand pull at her, and her feet automatically move in her sisters direction. With LoungвЂ hand in hers, they catch up with the rest of the family a continue their fourth day of marching.
34) 4) text: Loung watches everyone around her packing. Uncle Leang, h wife, AUNT KEANG, and all the cousins are up. Beside Loun Chou rolls up her thin blanket, folds her clothes and put them in her pillow case. Outside, Lee Cheun scoops ladles full of cooked rice and puts it in banana leaves. Keav po the crackling fire to cook the dried fish while Kim fills the petrol container with water. Ma puts her hand to her mouth to signal to Loung to stay quiet. Loung pulls the cover over her and looks at her st blistered feet. She doesnвЂ™t want to walk anymore. She w to stay. Pa pulls back the covers and gently pulls her from her be Biting back her tears she puts on her flip flops and walk toward KeavвЂ™s extended hand. Pa and Ma turn to Uncle Leang and thank him for letting t stay with him. Uncle Leang looks at her, face hanging, ey blinking rapidly, and blesses Ma for a safe journey. The cousins stand outside the hut to see the family off. Their hands dangle lifelessly by their sides as they watc lead his family away.
52) 0) text: Ma Keav and Loung trade items with the Base women. Loung her sisters help sew palm tree walls for the hut. They ha never done this before and are watching a family to learn The men continue to work on the hut. 32.
55) 0) text: Loung and Chou are in line with the other girls marching work. They pass Ma and Keav in the fields.
56) 0) text: Loung and ChouвЂ™s first day at work. They tend to the so prepare a garden. Loung looks out and sees Ma and Keav in rice field. Kim is in a nearby garden with the other boys Chlop patrol. Later - LoungвЂ™s back is hurting. She is not used to thi of labour. The Base Woman who spit at Pa upon arrival, wa over. She looks at the girls and tells them they are lazy and need to work harder. The young girls try to hold back tears.
65) 0) text: LoungвЂ™s POV of cows moving though the river. We reveal in the river. Loung, Chou and the other girls wash their clothes in a nearby stream. Without detergent they are ne very clean. Loung looks at another group of older women down the stre She sees Ma who gives her a secret smile. DAVI catches he eye. Despite the war and the famine, Davi's body is that a young woman. Her hair is cut short, but is thick and cu and frames her small, oval face nicely. Loung stares at h large, round brown eyes with their long lashes. Davi sees her and shyly looks away. Loung smiles at Keav who playfully splashes her with wate Loung splashes back.
67) 0) text: Loung sits still as Keav combs her hair. She watches as M and Kim play with Geak.
69) 0) text: Everyone is up early. Loung notices Khouy who seems upset She notices Pa and Meng having a serious private talk. Ma packs KeavвЂ™s black pyjama pants and shirt in a scarf. K sits next to Ma with their hands touching. Loung is tryin to understand what is happening.
71) 0) text: Loung watches Chou sleeping. She looks over at the empty place where Meng, Khouy and Keav used to sleep. Tears fal from her big brown eyes.
89) 0) text: Ma guides Loung into the (pagoda or school turned into a makeshift-) hospital. The sounds of suffering overwhelm h The room is full of patients. Most alone. One young boy already dead. Loung is just tall enough to see over the beds. She notic coke bottles used as IV drips. Splatter of blood on the floor catches LoungвЂ™s attentio nurse pushes past her. Across the room Loung recognizes K Loung is almost too afraid to walk forward. When Loung and Ma appear they see there seems to be no fl left on Keav's body. Keav's eyes are sunken deep into the sockets, and she can hardly open them to look at her. Whe she first sees Ma she does not recognize her. Keav wheeze and gasps for air just from trying to talk to her. Ma bre down and weeps. Keav keeps asking for Pa. She is so weak she cannot raise hand to wave the (CG) flies away from her face. She is so dirty. They didn't even clean up her mess up. They just l her lie there in her sickness and dirty sheets. Ma gets u and tries to help clean her. Loung looks to her sister. T sight of her is terrifying.
90) 0) text: Days later. Clouds in the sky. (Land is wet from 167-172, sometimes rain). Loung and Chou work the land. 45. Loung sees the GIRL who came with a message about Keav. S watches from a distance as she is led to Ma in the fields Loung looks on as her mother notices the girl and braces herself for the news. We can tell from the body language that Keav has died. Wi the KR watching neither Ma nor Loung or Chou can express their grief.
157) 1) text: Flashes - New Year's morning, Keav, with big pink, yellow blue, and green prickly plastic rollers in her hair held by a hundred small black bobby pins sticking up everywher like porcupine quills, as she combs LoungвЂ™s hair and ti in ponytails. Next to her on the bed, Chou works on getti Geak dressed. After Keav finishes with LoungвЂ™s hair, sh red rouge on Geak's lips and cheeks. On their bed, they bounce with glee as their mattress squeaks. Colors and pretty clothes and laughter.