3) 1) text: Loung walks into the living room where her brother KIM, t listening to music on a record player. His records and co are spread out all over the floor. Like all older brother likes to give his little sisters trouble. Loung reaches for the crickets (or colorful fruit) he is eating. He chops at her arm kung fu style. He does a huan (monkey king) kick. (Possibly in PaвЂ™s helmet) CHOU helps with Geak. Loung looks up at KHOUY and MENG her eldest brothers who just walked in the door. Meng greets her with a smile and musses her hair. He is gentle and soft spoken like Pa. Kh is cool with his sunglasses and long hair. (Maybe he brin something to Kim or tried out a new record.)
8) 0) text: Loung finds Pa on the balcony with Meng and Kim. They see tense. She watches them.
11) 0) text: Loung follows Ma into the bedroom where she sees her and sewing jewelry into a jacket lining. She then moves from the bedroom to the living room, taki pictures of her family and the Buddha off the walls and piling them into her arms. In the bathroom, Kim throws soap, shampoo, towels, and ot assorted items into a pillowcase.
26) 0) text: In the mass of people, Pa finds them a spot of unoccupied grass near the side of the road. Loung and Chou walk around and find a pond full of lotus flowers. Kim finds a small area full of fish. The childre as children do, explore the area. Later - Ma puts Geak down next to Loung and tells her to an eye on her. Sitting next to her, Loung is struck by ho Geak looks. Breathing quietly, she fights to keep her eye open, but in the end she loses and falls to sleep. Loung her arm around her sister in a protective way. She lies d on a small bundle of clothes. Quickly, Loung also falls asleep.
29) 0) text: LoungвЂ™s POV - Pa carrying Geak and reassuring Kim. People see along the road the scars of war. Loung feels Keav's hand pull at her, and her feet automatically move in her sisters direction. With LoungвЂ hand in hers, they catch up with the rest of the family a continue their fourth day of marching.
34) 4) text: Loung watches everyone around her packing. Uncle Leang, h wife, AUNT KEANG, and all the cousins are up. Beside Loun Chou rolls up her thin blanket, folds her clothes and put them in her pillow case. Outside, Lee Cheun scoops ladles full of cooked rice and puts it in banana leaves. Keav po the crackling fire to cook the dried fish while Kim fills the petrol container with water. Ma puts her hand to her mouth to signal to Loung to stay quiet. Loung pulls the cover over her and looks at her st blistered feet. She doesnвЂ™t want to walk anymore. She w to stay. Pa pulls back the covers and gently pulls her from her be Biting back her tears she puts on her flip flops and walk toward KeavвЂ™s extended hand. Pa and Ma turn to Uncle Leang and thank him for letting t stay with him. Uncle Leang looks at her, face hanging, ey blinking rapidly, and blesses Ma for a safe journey. The cousins stand outside the hut to see the family off. Their hands dangle lifelessly by their sides as they watc lead his family away.
40) 1) text: Ma secretly cuts open KimвЂ™s jacket, pulls out her jewel hands it over to the KR. 26. As Pa lifts her onto the ox cart., She notices two very t middle-aged men in loose-fitting black pajama pants and shirts standing next to them. While one writes something small brown pads of paper with his black pen, the other points at their heads and counts as they climb onto the truck. Loung finds herself a seat where she can watch the countryside. Quickly, another family clambers onto the ca Once all the families are on board, the two men take thei notes and count again. After they are finished, the ox ca pull away.
49) 0) text: The bell rings, signaling mealtime. Gripping her wooden b and spoon, Loung, Chou (with new haircuts) and Kim walk t the communal kitchen while the others wait their turn. Th are separated into groups. (This is how they will now wor and eat. Girls 6-12 then older girls and women. Boys 6-12 then older boys and men.)
56) 0) text: Loung and ChouвЂ™s first day at work. They tend to the so prepare a garden. Loung looks out and sees Ma and Keav in rice field. Kim is in a nearby garden with the other boys Chlop patrol. Later - LoungвЂ™s back is hurting. She is not used to thi of labour. The Base Woman who spit at Pa upon arrival, wa over. She looks at the girls and tells them they are lazy and need to work harder. The young girls try to hold back tears.
67) 0) text: Loung sits still as Keav combs her hair. She watches as M and Kim play with Geak.
75) 0) text: Standing in the rows of ripe red bell peppers, tomatoes, green cucumbers, the sun burns hot on LoungвЂ™s skin, dre her clothes. In the next field over, Kim wipes his forehead and contin his work in silence. As her fingers pluck the green beans LoungвЂ™s mouth waters. Feeling the fuzzy hair of the bea between her thumb and finger, she craves to put it in her mouth. Loung hears yelling. Chou is suddenly being questioned. She reveals a bean in her hands half eaten. She begs for forgiveness as tears roll down her face. Loung studies he sister. She has never seen her like this. Her heart break for her.
82) 1) dialog: Pa, someone was in the container last night. Pa checks the container. He considers--
83) 0) text: Loung keeps to herself washing food bowls in a bucket in front of the hut. Geak walks up to Loung and tugs at her clothes. Loung gen pushes her away. Geak tries again. She wants Loung to pic her up. Loung moves away from Geak. Pa walks out of the hut on his way to work. Chou comes over to help Loung. Kim walks by and intention knocks against Loung as he passes on his way to work. She looks up and he gives her a look. He knows. LoungвЂ™s lips quiver with shame. Chou grabs her hand.
95) 0) text: The next evening, while sitting with Kim outside on the s of their hut (sweeping). Loung looks out at the camp, and to the sky. When Loung focuses her eyes back on the earth she sees two men in black walking towards her with their rifles casually hanging on their backs. 47.
95) 2) dialog: Yes comrade. Pa hears them and comes out of the hut, his body rigid as family gathers around him.
98) 0) text: Tears fall from LoungвЂ™s eyes. She slides next Chou. Beside them, Kim holds on tight to Geak. LoungвЂ™s mind swirls with pain and anger. The pain spasm convulses as if it is eating away her linings. Turning on side, she digs her hands into her stomach and squeezes it violently to make the physical pain stop. Then the sadnes surrounds her. Dark and black it looms over her, pulling deeper and deeper into it. HER EYES GROW COLD. She can still hear the faint noise of Ma's muffled cries outside, but now does not feel her pain. She is becoming numb.
99) 0) text: Ma is up before anyone else the next morning. Her face is puffy, her eyes are red and swollen shut. Loung watches as Ma folds PaвЂ™s clothes and puts them an few other belongings in a loving pile and tucks them away She notices Kim. He helps Geak change. He is different somehow. As if he now knows he must be the man of the hou He straightens up as if making the decision. The loudspea announces. Loung watches Kim walk to work. 50.
101) 0) text: Stalks of corn in the sunlight. Loung looks over at Kim w is nearby working with the other young boys. He looks at men guarding the corn. He watches as they stand nearby enjoying cigarettes. One Chlop looks at Loung. She stares back defiantly. He o winks, making it worse.
102) 0) text: Loung watches- Kim won't hear no. He is determined. He ta a krama and heads out the door. Chou and Loung donвЂ™t tr stop him. They watch as he goes. Ma looks afraid. She doesnвЂ™t move. Later- Kim is still not back. (Find a visual way to show passage time.) Loung looks to Ma who is holding Geak for comfort. Chou sits in the corner of the room, staring out into her world. Suddenly Kim climbs into the hut. He is smiling and carry a bag of fresh corn. Loung rushes to help him carry it in the house. Seeing Kim, Ma puts Geak down so she can greet him. They stay very quiet so not to attract attention. Loung edges herself closer and closer to the bags of corn Her nose inhales the aroma. Her eyes fixate on the yellow ears.
103) 0) text: (discuss how it is cooked) The clouds are moving furiousl fast, blocking any moonbeams from touching the earth. Ma passes around the corn. Kim plays with Geak who seems a b livelier. Later- Ma tells a story as she combs knots out of GeakвЂ™ hair. She tells the story. She smiles at Kim. The story is for Loung and Ma share a smile. ItвЂ™s been a while since she felt that connection.
104) 0) text: The following night, Loung watches Kim sling a bag (or sc over his shoulders and climb down the steps of the hut. His knees buckle when he reaches the ground. Quickly, he straightens himself before anyone notices. Loung grabs a bag, slings it over her shoulder and follow behind him.
105) 0) text: The sky is very dark. His small feet carry him into the darkness. Kim looks beh him frightened upon hearing a noise. He breathes a deep s of relief when he realizes itвЂ™s Loung. He gestures for stay quiet.
106) 1) text: Then he sees the field ahead of him. It is thick with sta of corn, each with three or four ears, standing twice the size of the small boy. His eyes scan the area all around Kim runs from his hiding place into the cornfield. His fingers work busily to fill the bags. Loung comes closer. 52. Suddenly, two hands grab Kim from behind and throw him to ground. He tries to get back on his feet. Through her hid place in the field, Loung sees two Khmer Rouge, their rif slung across their backs. One soldier grabs Kim by the ar and pulls him off the ground, but his knees buckle. His h spins. He is shaking with terror. A hand slaps him hard o the face. The pain is sharp and cutting, but he bites his jaws together to stop its hurt.
106) 4) dialog: No comrade. Kim whimpers as blood drips out of his mouth. But that is enough for them. More hands and more legs continue their assault on him. The same questions are asked of him and t same answer is given. Then one takes his rifle off his shoulder and points it a him. Kim cries, tears pouring out.
106) 5) dialog: (trembling) Please. Please donвЂ™t kill me. One laughs at him. He is no longer a boy trying to be the of the house. He is just a twelve-year-old boy now, looki into the barrel of a rifle.
106) 6) dialog: Please comrade. Please donвЂ™t kill me. I will never do it again. Please. 53. He turns the rifle around and smashes its butt into Kim's skull. The soldier pushes Kim with his rifle as if tellin him to move.
107) 0) text: Loung sees Ma put her hands over her mouth to stifle a scream. Against the backdrop of the dark, she sees Kim's twelve-year-old body. In his hand are two empty bags. Ma the unmistakable color of blood on his clothes and marks his muddy face. His eyes are half closed, he is shaken, b he does not cry. Ma rushes over to him and gently touches wounded face. She cries over his cut swollen lips and cri as she touches the blood dripping from his skull.
108) 0) text: Kim is quiet and does not resist Ma's help taking off his bloody shirt. Chou bites her lip at seeing her brother's so badly beaten. Raw, red marks and painful bruises are everywhere on his rib cage and back. Geak begins to cry. Loung stands in the corner with more conviction than ever kill these soldiers, to avenge the blood that drips from brother's skull. Kim does not cry. He flinches when Ma puts a wet rag on h bruised and bleeding head. (This time seeing a deep wound Loung doesnвЂ™t look away. She stares at it, following th blood from the gash down to the small puddle on the floor Ma lays Kim down, he closes his eyes, and falls asleep.
109) 0) text: The children work in the garden. Loung looks across to th area where Kim is. His wounds are almost healed. He is no more withdrawn. She looks at him he looks like the little that he is. She feels for him.
110) 0) text: Loung is focused on Geak. (possibly brushing her hair and looking for lice) Noticing how frail she is. Ma returns from work. She gathers Kim, Chou, and Loung together. With all of them sitting in a circle waiting fo her, Ma nervously walks around the hut outside to make su no one can hear. When she joins her children, her eyes ar filled with tears.
111) 0) text: Loung watches as Ma packs their things. Chou and Kim are dressed and ready to go. Chou hugging Ge Ma packs LoungвЂ™s one pair of clothes, wraps food bowl i scarf, and ties it diagonally around her back.
112) 0) text: Slowly Loung climbs down the steps to where Chou and Kim waiting for her.
114) 0) text: Hours later - The sun climbs to the backs of their heads, scorching the It is time for Kim to go off on his own path. He stops hi sisters and again repeats Ma's instructions without emoti Without words of good-bye or good luck, he turns and walk away. Loung doesnвЂ™t know if or when she will ever see h again. With her hands clenched into fists by her sides, s stands there and her eyes follow his body until she can n longer see him. Chou and Loung look at the fork in the road. They stand f while before they decide they cannot separate themselves they head off in the same direction. (Chou will find Loun hand and pull her gently with her.)
147) 0) text: Loung runs back out into the traffic, not knowing what to next. All around her the people move like a herd of cows. Not knowing what to do. She is afraid. She feels a hand grab her shoulder. It's Kim. He's alive! Chou is with him, holding on tight to his hand. LoungвЂ™s been so happy!
147) 1) dialog: Come, we have to leave quickly. Kim grabs LoungвЂ™s hand and they head back onto the road into the traffic. Kim is once again in charge of the family. As other peopl carry their pots, pans, clothes, food, and other belongin on their backs or in their wagons, Kim carries a backpack with a few clothes in it, while Chou and Loung hold his h and walk with only the clothes they are wearing.
148) 0) text: They walk with the sea of people, following their route. Loung leans on Kim. Soon the sun rises. In crimson red, golden yellow, and fiery orange, it lights up the world around them. In the field, tall elephant grass glistens w morning dew while gray smoke floats in to the sky from distant villages. The small red gravel roads are swarmed body to body with people in their black shirts and pants. 74. The traffic does not stop and continues to move, everybod dragging their feet slower and slower. Those who cannot m any farther sit at the side of the road, some curl up ina fetal position and sleep. The snakelike traffic pushes on with the strong able-bodied men forming the head, and the old, young, weak, and hungry trailing behind as the tail.
149) 0) text: As the sun climbs higher in the sky. Kim spots a deserted bombed house. Chou and Loung follow Kim's lead.
150) 0) text: Bundles in hand, they walk back out to join the mob of people. Not knowing where they are going, they follow the traffic. Kim notices something on the road. He points it to the girls. An anti tank mine. Half buried on the road. Loung looks at it as she carefully walks around it. Later - they pass a land mine that has exploded. Nothing a hole in the ground and the remains of the blood from th victim who was dragged away. Now she is constantly lookin down at the road. Terrified. There is gunfire in the distance. 75.
151) 1) text: Loung sees the area. It looms like a small village before them, flickering and swaying in the haze like a mirage. Many people are very thin. Those who were not in labor or soldier camps are near dead. Next to the tents, women prepare food (caught snake, frog or chicken) , blowing and stoking the fires, coughing as smoke finds their faces. The Vietnamese are all around, weaving through the labyri and patrolling the area with rifles on their shoulders an grenades attached to their belts. Kim pulls at LoungвЂ™s arm and gestures for her to hurry begins to fall behind. They pass through the crowd, searc for an empty spot to make their home. Kim, Loung, and Chou settle under a tree at the edge of t area with a few other ORPHANS. 76.
152) 1) text: Loung Kim and Chou pluck the chickens.
153) 1) text: Finally Chou announces they are done. Kim breaks off a le scoops up a bowl of rice, and hands it to Loung. With the plates in front of them, they eat in silence. They notice a couple Orphans staring. Chou whispers to Ki and he invites them to share what little chicken they hav
154) 1) text: A day in the area - add details. Chou and Loung preparing snake (with a knife they found at the abandoned house). K prepares a fire. Survival. Some cooking frogs or spiders. Some people dying, having been starved too long. Later- Kim brings over a small water bucket. Kim, Chou and Loung help each other clean up. Chou wipes mud off LoungвЂ™s fa She then runs her fingers through her hair to вЂњbrushвЂќ Chou then walks up to Kim and pulls stray threads from hi shirt.
155) 1) text: Chou spreads out their scarfs and lies down. With her in middle, Kim and Loung huddle closely on either side of he Kim hooks a bundle through his arms while Loung does the to her bundle. They pull (Kims new jacket?) over themselv All around them people are sleeping, eating, or sitting quietly together. Many who have little strength left are assisting the sick. Loung looks over to the side and watc a family sitting together, eating their meal. It is a fam of five, parents with three boys, from perhaps five to te years old. The father scoops rice and hands it over to hi youngest child first, then he does the same for the other The mother reaches over and wipes the child's nose with h fingers, then quickly wipes her hand on her skirt. Loung looks at the fathers kind eyes. She sees how much he love his family. She misses Pa. 76A. Loung turns away. Gunfire can be heard in the distance. 77.
158) 0) text: Loung, Kim and Chou gather firewood. Loung steps on somet that looks like a brown twig but it slithers away giving a small fright. Loung rubs her tired eyes, yawns, and adjusts the ropes s brought to tie the firewood, slinging them over her shoulders. Chou walks ahead with the ax in her arms.
160) 1) text: Suddenly Loung awakens to the sound of a loud explosion. bolts upright, her ears ringing from the blast. She hears shrilling whine before another rocket ruptures nearby. Th children scream at the top of their lungs, clambering aro the campsite. Loung, Chou, Kim and the Orphans move.
162) 1) text: Loung sees the men in green fighting the KR soldiers. Bot sides seem equally frightening to her. Loung gets separated. She looks around everyone looks the same. She canвЂ™t find Kim and Chou. She feels panicked. Finally, she finds them. With their legs shaking in fear, they follow Kim ducking and keeping low.
163) 0) text: They come to the river and, holding hands, wade into it. river splashes in waves as hundreds of people jump in it once trying to get to the other side. With small bundles their heads or draped on their shoulders and small childr hanging on their backs, the villagers wade across the che deep stream, desperately reaching for safety. Loung Kim a Chou tuck in to the side of the river bank to avoid the battle that rages around them. RE IMAGE AJP. She sees a young KR fighting the Vietnamese. ItвЂ™s Smili Boy. A blast almost knocks the air out from LoungвЂ™s lungs. S reaches for the Orphan boyвЂ™s arm, then jerks her hand b her palm touches something wet and sticky on her. 79. Her stomach churns. Loung turns to see him lying facedown the ground, quiet and motionless. His little brother belo him covered in blood. The top of his skull is caved in. A pool of blood slowly seeps into the dirt around her head. Blood and pieces of brain are on LoungвЂ™s hand.
164) 0) text: The battle rages on. Loung, Chou and Kim are under fire a forced to run.
165) 0) text: People are scattered everywhere, soaking wet screaming an crying as they run in every direction, bumping and pushin each other. Kim and Chou hold hands and run ahead of Loun yelling for her to keep up. They don't know where to run they just run.
166) 0) text: Running as fast as she can, Loung jumps over dead bodies. hears their bullets whiz past her. She runs for her life. front of her, a man falls from a bullet. His body stops m stride, his chest jerking forward before he falls to the ground. Many people get hit and drop one by one to the gr all around her. Some lie still while others crawl on thei elbows trying to reach safety. Loung sees a man thrown into the air as the ground explod beneath him. Land mines. She keeps running. A woman with child stands screaming. Another woman running knocks into and the ground beneath them explodes. Loung runs staring the ground. What can she do? Bullets from behind, land mi underneath. She holds her breath and moves forward. (Poss moves forward slowly because of mines. Could discuss slow motion as world blows up around her and her heart beats) Minutes later- After she catches up with Chou and Kim, they see an old remnant of a tree stump. It sticks out of the ground thre feet tall by four feet wide. They crouch behind it. 80.
167) 0) text: Chou covers her ears with her hands and squeezes her eyes shut. Kim is white, leaning against the tree for support. They stay there for what seems like hours until all is qu again. Later- When they believe it is safe, they come out from behind t tree stump. Loung watches Chou and Kim trudge ahead, their eyes focus on the ground. There are smoldering remains of bonfires giving off the stench of burnt human flesh all through the village. Trai and puddles of blood stain the area. Her eyes are on the ground wherever she goes, steering clear of anything that looks like a grenade or land mine. They try to step into footprints of others.
169) 0) text: Kim arrives at the site all flushed and out of breath. As he explains this, Loung hears every other word
169) 1) dialog: (out of breath) A Khmer Rouge soldier. They caught him. (Pointing) They are taking him up there. Kim sits to catch his breath. Loung pulls Chou with her. She wants to see. Chou resists Loung heads off on her own.
171) 0) text: Like in the opening she walks and sees her reflection. Th time in the pond. She walks on towards a tree. She climbs a tree. She looks across the camp. She looks down at her feet. So much has changed since her days in Phnom Penh. Loung hears Kim and looks up. She sees Kim walking toward her with two men. Afraid, she jumps down and takes a step back. She canвЂ™t see clearly. Chou is also staring at the men. they comes closer they realize it is Meng and Khouy! Chou runs to them and jumps into KhouyвЂ™s arms. Loung fi herself feeling shy, and stands stiff and awkward. Meng kneels before her. He smiles and musses her hair just lik he used to. Her heart soars quickly at the touch of his hand. He is real - not a figment of her imagination! 84. Her brothers are alive. The five remaining members of the family embrace each other. They have survived. We hold on LoungвЂ™s face. She smiles.