0) 1) text: April 1975 We are inside a POV. Walking towards a balcony. We pass a TV where news about the Vietnam war coming to a end is playing. We see a reflection in the television. We our reflection. A little girl. LOUNG. The news then shows evacuation of the American embassy in Phnom Penh Cambodia Helicopter takes off from the embassy. The little girl tu and walks toward a view not dissimilar to the one near th American embassy on the news. Little caramel colored legs and feet on a balcony. The ed of a skirt in the wind identifies the child as a little g She begins to climb to the top of the railing. Her little hands and feet. The sound of a helicopter coming towards Finally she reaches the top. She watches as a helicopter almost identical to the one on the television flies low o her head. This brave free spirited little girl is LOUNG. five she stands looking out over city from the third floo Her POV of her feet. Toes wiggling. The city below. The streets are mostly empty except for a few street vend Some shops are closed, some shops are open, there are san bags in front of some houses. A few people ride in Cyclos few on motorcycles. Not much movement. Loung watches the people. (Their clothing and style help to know itвЂ™s 1975.)
1) 0) text: Loung continues to watch. Military police officers walk the streets. The front of some shops sandbags covering the glass entra making them less than welcoming. Loung notices FOUR YOUNG MEN (peasant revolutionaries) si along a wall staring angrily at well to do couples shoppi in the market. Loung doesnвЂ™t understand the look on the faces but it makes her uncomfortable.
1) 2) text: Loung. Come down. Loung looks to her mother. MA is admired in Cambodia for height, slender build and light skin. She is a very beautiful, very elegant woman of Chinese decent. Ma has G LoungвЂ™s three year old sister, in her arms. Luong jumps and goes to her. Cambodian News Years has just past. Red decorations still the wall. Happy New Years (in french) hangs on the wall. Ma puts Geak down and the girls play or share a fruit pla Ma has put out. Loung watches as GeakвЂ™s fruit drips all over her dress. can be anything from toys to fruit. The point is for the child to notice sweet things before the war and for the audience to get used to a childвЂ™s view of the world)
2) 1) text: PA and a COLLEAGUE of his enter the room. Loung jumps int his arms. Pa is loved for his generous heart. He reminds Loung of a teddy bear. His eyes are warm and brown and sh like the moon. Loung plays with the four stripes on his uniform. Pa greets her and asks about her day. PaвЂ™s Colleague seems concerned but remains professional speak in french (no translation as Loung canвЂ™t understa he intends).
3) 1) text: Loung walks into the living room where her brother KIM, t listening to music on a record player. His records and co are spread out all over the floor. Like all older brother likes to give his little sisters trouble. Loung reaches for the crickets (or colorful fruit) he is eating. He chops at her arm kung fu style. He does a huan (monkey king) kick. (Possibly in PaвЂ™s helmet) CHOU helps with Geak. Loung looks up at KHOUY and MENG her eldest brothers who just walked in the door. Meng greets her with a smile and musses her hair. He is gentle and soft spoken like Pa. Kh is cool with his sunglasses and long hair. (Maybe he brin something to Kim or tried out a new record.)
4) 1) text: Everyone sits at the table. Set with elegance. Ma and KEA LoungвЂ™s beautiful older sister, help serve the food. Lo watches their hands. So delicate. Their grace and poise i mystery to her. CLOSE UP - LoungвЂ™s POV of food. Loung drops two whole in her soup and Pa looks on approvingly. She crushes the peppers against the side of her bowl with a spoon. Loung likes the smile he gives her; so she again reach he chopsticks toward the pepper dish, knocking over the salt shaker, which rolls like a fallen log onto the floor. Ma seems upset but Pa smiles forgivingly. What Loung love most about Pa is the way he smiles not only with his mout but also with his eyes. Loung always restless, kicking her feet under the table.
5) 0) text: Keav helps to get Loung, Chou and Geak ready for bed. Lou in her pyjamas being told to stop jumping on the bed. (details - again important to feel her life before war)
6) 0) text: {NOTE: This sequence will begin with the arrival of LON N (Government) troops entering the city believing that a tr has been agreed. } At the beginning, the first to enter the city were the Lo Nol soldiers, they put the guns down and they raised whit flags and people applauded because it was for them the en the war and the end of bloody fighting in the city. Later the Khmer Rouge soldiers entered with closed expressions their faces. They did not talk to anyone. Most of the Khm Rouge entered the city by walking, to secure the streets. Their chiefs were riding in jeeps but very few. Some were driving motorbikes. It is the high heat of the afternoon. Loung plays hopscot with Chou and their friends on the street in front of the flat. Sounds of giggles are taken over by the thunder of engine the distance. Everyone stops what they are doing and watc the tanks roar into the city. The Lon Nol soldiers waving white flags. Smiling. People cheer. Then Loung sees something else coming. Trucks. Minutes later, the mud-covered old trucks heave and bounc they pass slowly in front of Loung. Green, gray and black these cargo trucks sway back and forth on bald tires, spitting out dirt and engine smoke as they roll on. In the back of the trucks, men wearing faded black long and long-sleeve black shirts, many with tire shoes and wi red sashes cinched tightly around their waists and red scarves tied around their foreheads, stand body to body. look young and all are dark-skinned, like the peasant workers. With long rifles in their arms or strapped across their backs, they look over the crowds the way the king does wh he passes by. There is no cheering for them. Loung waves at the soldiers even though she doesnвЂ™t kno exactly why. She sees more trucks coming.
7) 0) text: Loung runs up to the apartment stairs. Her little legs ru fast as they can but the stairs feel like they go on fore
8) 0) text: Loung finds Pa on the balcony with Meng and Kim. They see tense. She watches them.
9) 3) text: KHMER ROUGE WITH MEGAPHONE (CONTвЂ™D) The United States will bomb the city! Leave and stay in the countryside for three days! Loung doesnвЂ™t understand. Loung stares at a man holding a megaphone standing on a j A KR soldier fires shots to open a door and clear out a building. Loung claps her hands over her ears and hides h face against KeavвЂ™s chest. People push and shove one an in a frenzy. Ma now standing behind Loung has heard.
10) 0) text: Loung goes into the kitchen. Her lunch is waiting for her Everyone else has already eaten. She sits and eats. After a few minutes, Ma rushes into the kitchen with Keav begins to toss aluminum bowls, plates, spoons, forks, and knives into a big pot. The silverware clangs noisily, mak Loung jittery. Then picking up a cloth bag, she throws ba of sugar, salt, dried fish, uncooked rice, and canned foo into it.
10) 2) dialog: But Ma?
11) 0) text: Loung follows Ma into the bedroom where she sees her and sewing jewelry into a jacket lining. She then moves from the bedroom to the living room, taki pictures of her family and the Buddha off the walls and piling them into her arms. In the bathroom, Kim throws soap, shampoo, towels, and ot assorted items into a pillowcase.
11) 3) text: Loung pokes her head into her bedroom and spies Chou shov clothes into a bag. On the bed, Geak sits quietly playing with a handheld mirror while Chou throws our brushes, com and hairpins into her school bag. Loung goes through her clothes and picks a yellow shirt. is packing her red dress. Loung remembers to pack her matching one.
12) 0) text: The family head out of the apartment. The chaos of the ci People push and shove one another to evacuate the city. Everywhere, people are on the move. Little children cry. Women and men carry their belongings in cloth bags on the backs and their heads. They walk with short, brisk steps, demanding their children stay together, to hold each othe hands, to not get left behind. A lone radio has been abandoned in the chaos. Loung liste to the song as she passes. Loung moves to the Mazda parked outside but she is pulled away from it and towards the old family truck in the back The family pile into the truck. The old pickup truck crea and squeaks as Khouy throws a cloth bag and water can ont its floor. In front, Pa ties a large white cloth to the antenna while Meng ties another piece to the side mirrors
12) 1) text: The traffic is moving very slowly. Loung looks out. Their truck inches on in the streets, allowing them a safe view of the scene.
13) 0) text: Families on the move. Chaos. The KR soldiers are everywhe There are so many of them around, giving orders into thei bullhorns cradling rifles in their arms. Loung notices the other children. The fear on their faces Small mountains of guns fill the sidewalk as government soldiers turn over their weapons to the men in black. The soldiers are then put into a truck and driven off. Loung buries her face into Keav's chest, her arms tight around her waist. Chou sits silently on the other side of Keav, her eyes shut. Beside them, Khouy and Meng sit ston faced, watching the exodus. (FACTвЂ” TWO MILLION PEOPLE EVACUATED THE CITY WITHIN 72
16) 0) text: Hours later - the truck pulls over. The fields are lit up with small fires illuminating the f of the women squatting near them, preparing meals. Loung looks around. In the darkness she can still make out thousands of people milling around, or walking to unknown destinations. Others, like them have stopped to rest for night along the roadside. Later вЂ” Ma and Keav prepare the meal from the food Ma had packed. Chou is brushing GeakвЂ™s hair, being careful not to pull They squat in the darkness eating their food. (discuss Ma trading jewels for items or food)
17) 0) text: Loung is tucked in by Ma in the back of the truck. While Loung, Chou and Geak sleep in the bed of the truck, the o kids sleep on the ground with Pa. ItвЂ™s a warm breezy ni the kind that requires no blankets. Loung canвЂ™t sleep. She looks up at the vastness of the The dark sky is full of shining bright stars. Some blink her. She winks back and closes her eyes.
18) 0) text: Loung opens her eyes to find her family is already packin up. They look tired with their hair sticking out in all directions. Someone is yelling. Loung looks around. A group of Khmer Rouge soldiers are yelling at everyone to keep moving. Lo stares at their guns. Meng helps her up and gives her comfort. The KR soldier signals for Pa to move away from the truck Pa steps out.
19) 0) text: The sun is hot on LoungвЂ™s back. It burns through her bl hair. She looks at Chou and sees beads of sweat collect along her hair line and upper lip. Everywhere they go people are walking in all directions carrying their belongings. Soldiers with guns move them along. They walk from the break of day until the dark of the evening. Loung Looks at her fingers and holds up one fing then two.
20) 0) text: Ma and Pa guides the children to an area roadside where t sit in silence and eat the dried fish they had packed. Ma a small pot of sugar (OR BUYS IT FROM A FAMILY) They all a taste of it. Loung rolls it in her fingers and licks ev last bit. Later - Ma is cutting off KhouyвЂ™s long hair. 12. Loung sees her father walking off on his own. She follows with her eyes. He finds a secret place in the shade, behi tree, and goes to his knees. Loung moves closer. She sees he is digging a hole. A mome later he pulls his ID cards and his work ties and buries them. She doesnвЂ™t understand and moves quickly back so he doe see her. Gone is the air of mystery and excitement; now Luong is simply afraid.
21) 0) text: Along the road, the bombed buildings, the scars of war. ItвЂ™s the third day on the road. Loung walks with a litt more bounce in her step. She looks at her fingers and hol up two then three. She makes her way up to Pa.
21) 1) dialog: Pa, the soldiers said we can return home after three days. Loung tugs at PaвЂ™s trousers.
21) 3) dialog: But itвЂ™s the third day.
21) 5) dialog: Pa, IвЂ™m hungry and my feet hurt. Loung stops walking. She stands still on the road and let of the rice pot to wipe the dirt and tears from her cheek
21) 6) dialog: LetвЂ™s go home. I just want to go home. 13. The red dust from the road and the sweat on her little bo have mixed to create a layer of mud on her skin, making i dry and itchy. Pa walks over to Keav and takes a ball of sticky rice out the pot she is carrying. He walks back to Loung and hands the food. Her eyes look down at the ground in shame but s takes the food anyway. Silently, he strokes her hair whil she eats the rice between the chocking sobs. Pa bends down and looks Loung in the eyes.
21) 8) dialog: But they said three days.
23) 0) text: Flashes of color - Loung remembers Ma taking her measurements, holding the soft chiffon cloth against her body, and asking her if she liked it. Ma smiles at Loung pleased with how pretty the color looks on her. Loung see herself in the mirror.
24) 0) text: Passing the checkpoint safely, they walk on. A few miles the road the sound of gunshots ring out in the distance behind Loung. She watches as a flock of black birds explo into the sky.
25) 0) text: Later - As she walks, Loung watches as the sun goes to sl behind the mountains and the world becomes a place of sha and shapes once again. Sees a body in the field. He wears uniform like PaвЂ™s.
26) 0) text: In the mass of people, Pa finds them a spot of unoccupied grass near the side of the road. Loung and Chou walk around and find a pond full of lotus flowers. Kim finds a small area full of fish. The childre as children do, explore the area. Later - Ma puts Geak down next to Loung and tells her to an eye on her. Sitting next to her, Loung is struck by ho Geak looks. Breathing quietly, she fights to keep her eye open, but in the end she loses and falls to sleep. Loung her arm around her sister in a protective way. She lies d on a small bundle of clothes. Quickly, Loung also falls asleep.
27) 0) text: In her dream, fireworks crackle and boom noisily, she rejoices in the New Year celebration. Everything is red. Chinese firecrackers explode. Smoke rises. Confetti paper falls onto LoungвЂ™s face as she runs through the bits of and white smoke. LOUNGвЂ™S DREAM ENDS
28) 0) text: Fireworks from the dream turn into gunshots in the distan Loung wakes up the next morning to the voices of her brot and father whispering to each other about what went on in night. She canвЂ™t hear but they look concerned. 18. Keav takes her hand, grabs her things and leads her on.
29) 0) text: LoungвЂ™s POV - Pa carrying Geak and reassuring Kim. People see along the road the scars of war. Loung feels Keav's hand pull at her, and her feet automatically move in her sisters direction. With LoungвЂ hand in hers, they catch up with the rest of the family a continue their fourth day of marching.
30) 0) text: On their walk, the soldiers are everywhere, prodding them along. They point and give directions with their guns. In the scorching April heat, Loung watches as many older people become ill from heatstroke and dehydration, althou they dare not rest. When someone falls ill, the family th out his belongings, puts the sick person on someone's bac and march on. Loung notices a few lifeless bodies laid in a row on the of the road. She focuses on their feet. The road ahead of them shimmers in the heat, and the dust swells are everywhere, burning LoungвЂ™s eyes. In the distance, her eyes focus on a lone man with a wago pulled by two yellow skinny cows. It is strange that he i traveling against the flow of traffic. All of a sudden, s is startled by Ma's scream. Between loud, halting sobs Ma manages to say-
31) 0) text: While Pa and Ma talk to LoungвЂ™s uncle, Loung quickly cl seat in the wagon with Chou and Geak. She stares at the skinny cows. She wonders if they are strong enough to be to pull the family. Only young children can be on the wagon with the uncle.
32) 0) text: As the sun begins to set. Their trail takes them on a gra road along Route 26 westward. No matter where they go or which direction they turn, there are people marching ahea and behind them. In the midst of the crowd, Their wagon passes a Khmer Rouge village without stopping Houses on stilts and men in black with checkered scarfs. of their children are in the bright green fields catching fish with rods. Further down the road Loung sees a pagoda with KR soldier holding men prisoner. Beyond them in the distance she see soldiers watching as Monks are made to tend the fields. L looks at the faces of the Monks. They are put to work as they are being punished. She feels sad for them. The cattle wagon keeps moving. They veer westward, leaving their roadside companions far behind. Later- Somewhere between Bat Deng and Krang Truop, Loung falls asleep. HER POV GOES OUT OF FOCUS. 20.
33) 0) text: Loung slowly opens her eyes. Five days after leaving thei home in Phnom Penh, the family arrives at Krang Truop. A small dusty village surrounded by rice fields as far as t eye can see. INT. UNCLE LEANGвЂ™S HUT - MORNING Loung enters Uncle LeangвЂ™s hut. Uncle Leang and his wif six children, so with the nine new people it makes sevent under one roof. There are objects that show Uncle Leang h been a middle class farmer before the Khmer Rouge took ov Loung climbs into PaвЂ™s arms.
33) 1) dialog: The village is so poor.
33) 11) text: Loung watching Uncle Leang. Wondering if he will say anything. Life on the farm starts before the sun rises. T clothes are now dry on the line. Washing up. Breakfast. (Scraps to pigs? Feed for chickens
34) 0) text: Loung walks into the fields. Using the traps made last night, they catch fish. The buffaloвЂ™s are brought in to graze. Loung looks around she cannot shake the feeling someone i watching her. She looks around anxious.
34) 4) text: Loung watches everyone around her packing. Uncle Leang, h wife, AUNT KEANG, and all the cousins are up. Beside Loun Chou rolls up her thin blanket, folds her clothes and put them in her pillow case. Outside, Lee Cheun scoops ladles full of cooked rice and puts it in banana leaves. Keav po the crackling fire to cook the dried fish while Kim fills the petrol container with water. Ma puts her hand to her mouth to signal to Loung to stay quiet. Loung pulls the cover over her and looks at her st blistered feet. She doesnвЂ™t want to walk anymore. She w to stay. Pa pulls back the covers and gently pulls her from her be Biting back her tears she puts on her flip flops and walk toward KeavвЂ™s extended hand. Pa and Ma turn to Uncle Leang and thank him for letting t stay with him. Uncle Leang looks at her, face hanging, ey blinking rapidly, and blesses Ma for a safe journey. The cousins stand outside the hut to see the family off. Their hands dangle lifelessly by their sides as they watc lead his family away.
35) 0) text: By the time the family arrives at the rendezvous area on roadside, about thirty people have already gathered there They squat and sit on the gravel road in four family grou Many have almond-shaped eyes, thin noses, and light skin, which suggests they might also be of Chinese descent. The fellow travelers do not acknowledge their presence, inste they stare passively at the road. Like the family, they c with them light bundles of clothes and small packages of food. 23A. Loung and family sit on the gravel road next to them but words are exchanged. In the dark of night they all wait f the truck. 24. Later- Loung lays in PaвЂ™s arms. The world around them r tranquil and asleep; all that can be heard is the chirpin crickets. The moments feel like forever. Then suddenly th glaring headlights of the military truck appear and it st before them. Pa transfers Loung from his warm arms onto t hard, cold bed of the truck. She does not want to let go him. She does not want to leave the safety of his arms. Trucks had tarpaulins that way nobody could see people in and people inside could not watch the road.
36) 0) text: The ride is bumpy and loud, but the cool dawn air keeps t reasonably comfortable. Ma stares off into the distance w Geak sleeps in her arms. LoungвЂ™s other siblings are hal dozing, half awake while she finds safety in Pa's arms ag Everyone is very quiet as the truck drives on. All night the truck heads northwest.
38) 1) text: Loung wakes up in Pa's lap in the morning to see that the have arrived at a вЂњtruck stop.вЂќ There are people line Some just waiting. Others getting onto ox carts. Many are still asleep on the side of the road or in the grass. Sit in the back of the truck, they dare not move until the soldiers instruct them to.
39) 1) text: As soon as they are told, everyone jumps off. Pa lifts Lo out of the truck and puts her on the ground next to Chou. 25. Loung overhears Meng and Pa talking.
40) 1) text: Ma secretly cuts open KimвЂ™s jacket, pulls out her jewel hands it over to the KR. 26. As Pa lifts her onto the ox cart., She notices two very t middle-aged men in loose-fitting black pajama pants and shirts standing next to them. While one writes something small brown pads of paper with his black pen, the other points at their heads and counts as they climb onto the truck. Loung finds herself a seat where she can watch the countryside. Quickly, another family clambers onto the ca Once all the families are on board, the two men take thei notes and count again. After they are finished, the ox ca pull away.
41) 0) text: The ox cart rolls away from the waiting area and onto a b narrow road. The families are quiet and somber, the only sounds come f the branches brushing against the side of the truck and t slush of mud sticking to the tires. Loung notices DAVI a beautiful teen young woman who sits with her LITTLE SISTE DAVI'S FATHER, DAVIвЂ™S MOTHER, and DAVIвЂ™S BROTHERS are (or walking beside) the cart. She looks at the ripped open part of her jacket or her mothers depending on where we choose to hide the jewels. Loung rests her head on PaвЂ™s chest and think how lucky to have such a father. She looks up at Pa who seems so serious and sad. She worries for him. She misses his smil
42) 0) text: The Ox Cart passes a Buddhist temple that has been destro and is now crawling with soldiers. Pa bows his head in a moment of silence. Another man in the truck notices and l at Pa with suspicion. Loung looks at the temple. LOUNGвЂ™S MEMORY-вЂ”
43) 0) text: Loung remembers clutching tightly to Pa's finger as they walked along wide crumbling corridors. The temple walls a decorated with magnificent detailed carvings of people, c wagons, daily life, and battle scenes from long ago. 27. Guarding the ancient steps are giant granite lions, tiger eight-headed snakes, and elephants. Next to them, sandsto gods with eight hands who sit cross-legged on lotus flowe watch over the temple ponds. On the walls beneath the jun vines, thousands of beautiful Apsara goddesses with big r breasts wearing only short wraparound skirts smile at visitors. Pa leads Loung through the temple. LOUNG O.S. Meng said you were once a monk.
44) 0) text: Geak cries. Ma moves to her to comfort her. She holds her tightly to her breasts as if to never let her go. Loung l at MaвЂ™s blue silk shirt and realizes why she chose to b it with her.
45) 0) text: The cart stops. 28. The driver orders the new arrivals to get out and wait fo instructions from the village chief. LoungвЂ™s family qui jumps off the cart, leaving her behind. Standing at the e she fights the impulse to run and hide in the far corner. All around the ox carts, villagers have gathered to take their first look at the new people. These villagers are a dressed in the familiar loose-fitting black pajama pants shirts with a red-and-white checkered scarf wrapped acros their shoulders or around their head. They look like an o version of the Khmer Rouge soldiers that stormed into the city, except they do not carry guns.
46) 1) text: Loung looks around. There were no soldiers in the villages, but there were chlops, it means militiamen who spy, who are security gua who arrest... 29.
48) 0) text: Establish the Ro Leap Village. The family is shown to their assigned plot. Ma sorts through the clothes. Ma and the girls work to st them black. First they smash the berries and stain them. Loung watches as the clothes lose their color. During this process the Men are coming back with planks o wood for the house and working on the structure. Later - the clothes in black mud are hung out to dry. Ma sees other mothers cutting their childrenвЂ™s hair to mat KR. She begins with Geak. Loung watches.
49) 0) text: The bell rings, signaling mealtime. Gripping her wooden b and spoon, Loung, Chou (with new haircuts) and Kim walk t the communal kitchen while the others wait their turn. Th are separated into groups. (This is how they will now wor and eat. Girls 6-12 then older girls and women. Boys 6-12 then older boys and men.)
50) 1) text: The kitchen is nothing but a long table, with no chairs o benches, and under a thatched roof with no walls, and a f brick ovens. On the long table sit two pots, one full of and one full of soup with bits of fish inside. There are six or seven base women stirring and scooping f from the pots. A long line of new people has already form around the table. Like LoungвЂ™s family, they have all ch from their city clothing into their black pajama pants an shirts, the only clothes they will wear from now on. 31. Loung looks at the long line in front of her. She stares the many black pots filled with steamy food on the ground The line moves quickly and silently. Under her breath she counts the heads before her, eliminating them one by one, anxiously waiting for her turn. Loung raises her bowl to her eye level to make it easier the comrade to serve her. She does not dare look up at th woman. Eyes focused on her bowl, Loung sees the hand dump some rice in her bowl and drop a whole small fish on top it.
50) 2) dialog: Thank you.
51) 0) text: Loung and her sister eat their food together. They lick t bowls clean. She looks at DaviвЂ™s sister and the other n girls. She hears an announcement and sees the next groups line u She watches her older brothers and sisters with Ma and Pa stand in line. Their time is up. Loung and Chou walk back towards their
52) 0) text: Ma Keav and Loung trade items with the Base women. Loung her sisters help sew palm tree walls for the hut. They ha never done this before and are watching a family to learn The men continue to work on the hut. 32.
55) 0) text: Loung and Chou are in line with the other girls marching work. They pass Ma and Keav in the fields.
56) 0) text: Loung and ChouвЂ™s first day at work. They tend to the so prepare a garden. Loung looks out and sees Ma and Keav in rice field. Kim is in a nearby garden with the other boys Chlop patrol. Later - LoungвЂ™s back is hurting. She is not used to thi of labour. The Base Woman who spit at Pa upon arrival, wa over. She looks at the girls and tells them they are lazy and need to work harder. The young girls try to hold back tears.
57) 0) text: Pa finishing the roof. LoungвЂ™s eyes grow heavy. She fal asleep.
58) 1) text: We pan across a large area where we see hundreds working fields. 33. Loung and Chou work in the garden. They sweat under the h sun.
59) 0) text: Loung walks back to her hut and passes her parents and ol siblings working in the rice fields.
60) 0) text: That night, Loung sneaks out of the hut past the KR on pa and follows Pa into a meeting at the town square.
61) 0) text: Loung and some other children are tucked away off to the of the meeting. She watches as Ma and Pa join the others the town meeting. Pa looks tired. There are a couple men and women the KR have put aside. Loung wonders why and what they have done.
62) 0) text: Loung and Chou on their way to work. They pass the man st tied to the tree. Loung looks at the KR near him. Wonderi how one man could do that to another.
63) 0) text: Weeks have passed. (Transition possibly by coming down fr the sun) The seeds have begun to sprout and the vines hav grown. She smiles and tends to them. She puts her head do and continues to work. 34. Loung notices the change of rice fields.
64) 0) text: Social contact among the new people is almost nonexistent Everyone keeps to themselves, fearing that if they share personal thoughts or feelings someone will report them to Angkar. Loung and Chou sits in silence. She looks at her food. Th rations are less. Loung notices the man who had been tied to the tree VICTIM/INFORMANT. His body language catches her eye. He i humble but close to the KR. Giving information. They seem to be talking about Pa. This makes Loung very uncomfortable.
65) 0) text: LoungвЂ™s POV of cows moving though the river. We reveal in the river. Loung, Chou and the other girls wash their clothes in a nearby stream. Without detergent they are ne very clean. Loung looks at another group of older women down the stre She sees Ma who gives her a secret smile. DAVI catches he eye. Despite the war and the famine, Davi's body is that a young woman. Her hair is cut short, but is thick and cu and frames her small, oval face nicely. Loung stares at h large, round brown eyes with their long lashes. Davi sees her and shyly looks away. Loung smiles at Keav who playfully splashes her with wate Loung splashes back.
66) 2) text: Months have passed. Loung is out looking at the clouds. L and Chou are washing their hair and scrubbing their bodie the side of their hut. Loung notices three KR walk to DaviвЂ™s family's hut and her parents they needed Davi to be the wife of a handicap soldier. Davi's mother cries and wraps her arms around he daughter. DAVIвЂ™'S MOTHER Take me. Davi is a lazy girl. Take me. Davi cries harder at their words and clung desperately to mother. Loung is too frightened to move. DAVIвЂ™'S FATHER (on his knees) Please. Not my daughter. Please. The KR grab Davi by her arms and pull her from her mother shaking hug. Davi sobs loudly, begging them to let her st but the KR drag her on. Her mother falls to her knees, pa together, and pleads with them not to take her only daugh The father, still on his knees, lowers his head to the ground, banging his forehead on the dirt, and also pleadi with the KR. As they take her away, Davi turns around many times to se both her parents still on the ground, palms together, pra for her. She looks back until she can see them no more. L focus on DaviвЂ™s father and the pain in his eyes.
67) 0) text: Loung sits still as Keav combs her hair. She watches as M and Kim play with Geak.
68) 0) text: Loung and the others arrive to see all vegetables have be taken from the ground. She watches as the chlops carry th away in crates. She and Chou begin again to prepare the l for the next crop. She looks over at DaviвЂ™s sister. 36.
69) 0) text: Everyone is up early. Loung notices Khouy who seems upset She notices Pa and Meng having a serious private talk. Ma packs KeavвЂ™s black pyjama pants and shirt in a scarf. K sits next to Ma with their hands touching. Loung is tryin to understand what is happening.
70) 0) text: Quietly Loung walks with her family to the town square wh other teenagers and families have already gathered. Other teenagers have tears in their eyes as do their distraught parents. Loung now understands. Meng musses LoungвЂ™s hair and gives her a smile. Loung w as the Village Chief calls them out and the base people h out tools and give them a plot number.
71) 0) text: Loung watches Chou sleeping. She looks over at the empty place where Meng, Khouy and Keav used to sleep. Tears fal from her big brown eyes.
72) 4) dialog: Trying to loosen the body to float down stream. Loung removes her pails, and with her stick helps to push body away. With the two of them beating on it, it bobs an sways even more. Finally they loosen the leg and the body floats a few feet down before getting stuck again near th bank. This time he is inches away from them.
72) 5) dialog: On three. After a concerted effort, the body finally floats down th river, his long hair spreading around. They wait a few minutes until they believe the body fluids have all float past them before fetching the water. They move up stream a clean area.
73) 0) text: Rain falls. Loung and Chou line up with soup bowls in han along with the other girls to receive their rations. The cooks used to serve them rice gruel, but now there are on enough grains in the pot to make soup. (the soup is now v clear) When itвЂ™s LoungвЂ™s turn to receive the food, she watch anxiously as the cook stirs the rice soup. Staring at the rice pot, she lets out a breath of hopelessness when she the lady take the ladle and stir the soup. Both hands tig gripping her bowl, Loung takes her two ladle fulls and wa to a spot away from all the others. Loung sits quietly, savoring it spoonful by spoonful, drinking the broth first. What's left at the bottom of he bowl is approximately three spoonfuls of rice, and she ha make this last. She eats the rice slowly. Tears mix with food in her mouth. Her heart falls to her stomach when al the eight grains are gone and she sees that the others ar still eating theirs. She studies them. Everyone is thinner. They look like the walking dead. 39.
74) 0) text: Loung canвЂ™t sleep. She looks at Chou. How her face has changed. Loung hears movement. She looks over in the direction of parents. She sees her father caressing her mother. She ha never seen them in such an intimate way before. She feels should look away but it warms her to see how Pa loves Ma. kisses her neck. (Not sex. Just affection. All very subtl nothing would be noticed by guards passing by.)
75) 0) text: Standing in the rows of ripe red bell peppers, tomatoes, green cucumbers, the sun burns hot on LoungвЂ™s skin, dre her clothes. In the next field over, Kim wipes his forehead and contin his work in silence. As her fingers pluck the green beans LoungвЂ™s mouth waters. Feeling the fuzzy hair of the bea between her thumb and finger, she craves to put it in her mouth. Loung hears yelling. Chou is suddenly being questioned. She reveals a bean in her hands half eaten. She begs for forgiveness as tears roll down her face. Loung studies he sister. She has never seen her like this. Her heart break for her.
76) 0) text: On the way back from work, in line with the other girls, Loung reaches for ChouвЂ™s hand. She holds it for a momen sending her a silent message. LoungвЂ™s POV of Pa working.
78) 0) text: The blue sky. LoungвЂ™s POV.
79) 0) text: Loung lies on her mat. She watches as Pa puts a few spoon fulls of uncooked rice in the secret rice bag. He puts th bag, inside a container, and hides it beneath a small pil clothes so that the other villagers cannot see it. PA watches three Chlops passing by on the main road of th village before hiding the rice.
80) 0) text: LOUNGвЂ™S DREAM (KUBRICK STYLE- CENTERED AND COLORFUL) The shadow of a KR looking towards Loung like in the prev scene. Loung is sitting alone at a long table. The table is cove with all of her favorite food in the world. There is food everywhere as far as her eyes can see! Red and crispy roa pig, brown and golden duck, steaming dumplings, plump fri shrimp, and all kinds of sweet cakes! Everything looks so real. She shoves everything into her mouth at once with b hands, licking her fingers deliciously. Yet the more she eats the hungrier she becomes. She eats great anxiety and urgency, fearing the Khmer Rouge soldie will come and take it all away from her. She is so greedy she does not want to share the food with anyone. She sees shadows. She gorges and hides foods. LOUNGвЂ™S DREAM ENDS
81) 0) text: Loung lays awake. Her stomach pains with hunger. She slow quietly, gets up and goes over the others sleeping bodies get to the container. With her heart pounding, she slowly lifts off the top. Her hand reaches in and takes out a handful of uncooked rice (or snails or crickets) and quic shoves it into her hungry mouth before anyone wakes and m her put it back. Afraid that the crunch of uncooked rice might wake the others, she softens the grains with saliva When itвЂ™s soft enough, her teeth grinds the rice grains producing a sweet taste that slowly down her throat. She wants more but stops herself. 42.
83) 0) text: Loung keeps to herself washing food bowls in a bucket in front of the hut. Geak walks up to Loung and tugs at her clothes. Loung gen pushes her away. Geak tries again. She wants Loung to pic her up. Loung moves away from Geak. Pa walks out of the hut on his way to work. Chou comes over to help Loung. Kim walks by and intention knocks against Loung as he passes on his way to work. She looks up and he gives her a look. He knows. LoungвЂ™s lips quiver with shame. Chou grabs her hand.
84) 0) text: Loung and Chou walk in line with others towards the garde 43.
85) 0) text: That night, Loung stares at Ma as she boils water for tea She remembers that Ma used to be so beautiful. Now red li are purple and dry, her cheeks are sunken, there are deep shadows under her eyes, her porcelain white skin is brown wrinkled from the sun. Loung looks into her tea.
88) 0) text: Chou is left home with Geak. Loung watches Ma put the sli her pocket as she leads them toward the road.
89) 0) text: Ma guides Loung into the (pagoda or school turned into a makeshift-) hospital. The sounds of suffering overwhelm h The room is full of patients. Most alone. One young boy already dead. Loung is just tall enough to see over the beds. She notic coke bottles used as IV drips. Splatter of blood on the floor catches LoungвЂ™s attentio nurse pushes past her. Across the room Loung recognizes K Loung is almost too afraid to walk forward. When Loung and Ma appear they see there seems to be no fl left on Keav's body. Keav's eyes are sunken deep into the sockets, and she can hardly open them to look at her. Whe she first sees Ma she does not recognize her. Keav wheeze and gasps for air just from trying to talk to her. Ma bre down and weeps. Keav keeps asking for Pa. She is so weak she cannot raise hand to wave the (CG) flies away from her face. She is so dirty. They didn't even clean up her mess up. They just l her lie there in her sickness and dirty sheets. Ma gets u and tries to help clean her. Loung looks to her sister. T sight of her is terrifying.
90) 0) text: Days later. Clouds in the sky. (Land is wet from 167-172, sometimes rain). Loung and Chou work the land. 45. Loung sees the GIRL who came with a message about Keav. S watches from a distance as she is led to Ma in the fields Loung looks on as her mother notices the girl and braces herself for the news. We can tell from the body language that Keav has died. Wi the KR watching neither Ma nor Loung or Chou can express their grief.
91) 0) text: The hut is silent. Grief hangs heavy. Ma quietly making t Pa sitting alone. (Possibly carving for Chou, Loung and K Loung and Chou whisper before bed.
91) 1) dialog: What happens when people die?
91) 3) dialog: When will they come back?
91) 5) dialog: I hope she wonвЂ™t come back here.
92) 0) text: Chou and Loung are at the stream doing laundry. They are surrounded by other girls doing the same. No splashing or laughter now. Only silence. Like Loung and Chou, the chil are so starved they hardly have the energy to wash the clothes. 45A.
93) 2) dialog: IвЂ™m going to kill them one day. She looks back and sees Chou smiling to herself.
93) 3) dialog: You donвЂ™t think I can? I can.
95) 0) text: The next evening, while sitting with Kim outside on the s of their hut (sweeping). Loung looks out at the camp, and to the sky. When Loung focuses her eyes back on the earth she sees two men in black walking towards her with their rifles casually hanging on their backs. 47.
96) 0) text: Loung lies on her back. Outside the wind blows in the branches, and the leaves rustle and sing to each other. T clouds part, and the moon and stars shine and give life t the darkness. Time stands still this night. IMAGES IN LOUNGвЂ™S HEAD AS SHE IMAGINES WHAT HAPPENED TO
98) 0) text: Tears fall from LoungвЂ™s eyes. She slides next Chou. Beside them, Kim holds on tight to Geak. LoungвЂ™s mind swirls with pain and anger. The pain spasm convulses as if it is eating away her linings. Turning on side, she digs her hands into her stomach and squeezes it violently to make the physical pain stop. Then the sadnes surrounds her. Dark and black it looms over her, pulling deeper and deeper into it. HER EYES GROW COLD. She can still hear the faint noise of Ma's muffled cries outside, but now does not feel her pain. She is becoming numb.
99) 0) text: Ma is up before anyone else the next morning. Her face is puffy, her eyes are red and swollen shut. Loung watches as Ma folds PaвЂ™s clothes and puts them an few other belongings in a loving pile and tucks them away She notices Kim. He helps Geak change. He is different somehow. As if he now knows he must be the man of the hou He straightens up as if making the decision. The loudspea announces. Loung watches Kim walk to work. 50.
101) 0) text: Stalks of corn in the sunlight. Loung looks over at Kim w is nearby working with the other young boys. He looks at men guarding the corn. He watches as they stand nearby enjoying cigarettes. One Chlop looks at Loung. She stares back defiantly. He o winks, making it worse.
102) 0) text: Loung watches- Kim won't hear no. He is determined. He ta a krama and heads out the door. Chou and Loung donвЂ™t tr stop him. They watch as he goes. Ma looks afraid. She doesnвЂ™t move. Later- Kim is still not back. (Find a visual way to show passage time.) Loung looks to Ma who is holding Geak for comfort. Chou sits in the corner of the room, staring out into her world. Suddenly Kim climbs into the hut. He is smiling and carry a bag of fresh corn. Loung rushes to help him carry it in the house. Seeing Kim, Ma puts Geak down so she can greet him. They stay very quiet so not to attract attention. Loung edges herself closer and closer to the bags of corn Her nose inhales the aroma. Her eyes fixate on the yellow ears.
103) 0) text: (discuss how it is cooked) The clouds are moving furiousl fast, blocking any moonbeams from touching the earth. Ma passes around the corn. Kim plays with Geak who seems a b livelier. Later- Ma tells a story as she combs knots out of GeakвЂ™ hair. She tells the story. She smiles at Kim. The story is for Loung and Ma share a smile. ItвЂ™s been a while since she felt that connection.
104) 0) text: The following night, Loung watches Kim sling a bag (or sc over his shoulders and climb down the steps of the hut. His knees buckle when he reaches the ground. Quickly, he straightens himself before anyone notices. Loung grabs a bag, slings it over her shoulder and follow behind him.
105) 0) text: The sky is very dark. His small feet carry him into the darkness. Kim looks beh him frightened upon hearing a noise. He breathes a deep s of relief when he realizes itвЂ™s Loung. He gestures for stay quiet.
106) 1) text: Then he sees the field ahead of him. It is thick with sta of corn, each with three or four ears, standing twice the size of the small boy. His eyes scan the area all around Kim runs from his hiding place into the cornfield. His fingers work busily to fill the bags. Loung comes closer. 52. Suddenly, two hands grab Kim from behind and throw him to ground. He tries to get back on his feet. Through her hid place in the field, Loung sees two Khmer Rouge, their rif slung across their backs. One soldier grabs Kim by the ar and pulls him off the ground, but his knees buckle. His h spins. He is shaking with terror. A hand slaps him hard o the face. The pain is sharp and cutting, but he bites his jaws together to stop its hurt.
107) 0) text: Loung sees Ma put her hands over her mouth to stifle a scream. Against the backdrop of the dark, she sees Kim's twelve-year-old body. In his hand are two empty bags. Ma the unmistakable color of blood on his clothes and marks his muddy face. His eyes are half closed, he is shaken, b he does not cry. Ma rushes over to him and gently touches wounded face. She cries over his cut swollen lips and cri as she touches the blood dripping from his skull.
108) 0) text: Kim is quiet and does not resist Ma's help taking off his bloody shirt. Chou bites her lip at seeing her brother's so badly beaten. Raw, red marks and painful bruises are everywhere on his rib cage and back. Geak begins to cry. Loung stands in the corner with more conviction than ever kill these soldiers, to avenge the blood that drips from brother's skull. Kim does not cry. He flinches when Ma puts a wet rag on h bruised and bleeding head. (This time seeing a deep wound Loung doesnвЂ™t look away. She stares at it, following th blood from the gash down to the small puddle on the floor Ma lays Kim down, he closes his eyes, and falls asleep.
108) 2) text: Fearing he might die and Loung will not know about it, sh walks over to him every few minutes and puts her hand und his nose to feel his breath.
109) 0) text: The children work in the garden. Loung looks across to th area where Kim is. His wounds are almost healed. He is no more withdrawn. She looks at him he looks like the little that he is. She feels for him.
110) 0) text: Loung is focused on Geak. (possibly brushing her hair and looking for lice) Noticing how frail she is. Ma returns from work. She gathers Kim, Chou, and Loung together. With all of them sitting in a circle waiting fo her, Ma nervously walks around the hut outside to make su no one can hear. When she joins her children, her eyes ar filled with tears.
110) 3) dialog: I donвЂ™t want to go. 55.
111) 0) text: Loung watches as Ma packs their things. Chou and Kim are dressed and ready to go. Chou hugging Ge Ma packs LoungвЂ™s one pair of clothes, wraps food bowl i scarf, and ties it diagonally around her back.
112) 0) text: Slowly Loung climbs down the steps to where Chou and Kim waiting for her.
112) 2) dialog: IвЂ™m not going. Loung plants her feet to the ground, refusing to move.
112) 4) dialog: IвЂ™m not going.
114) 0) text: Hours later - The sun climbs to the backs of their heads, scorching the It is time for Kim to go off on his own path. He stops hi sisters and again repeats Ma's instructions without emoti Without words of good-bye or good luck, he turns and walk away. Loung doesnвЂ™t know if or when she will ever see h again. With her hands clenched into fists by her sides, s stands there and her eyes follow his body until she can n longer see him. Chou and Loung look at the fork in the road. They stand f while before they decide they cannot separate themselves they head off in the same direction. (Chou will find Loun hand and pull her gently with her.)
115) 0) text: Loung and Chou walk in silence all through the morning as sun beats down on them. Their eyes look everywhere for si of human life but find none. All around them, the trees a brown, their green leaves, wilted in the heat of the whit sky, hanging quietly on the branches. The only sound come from their feet and the pebbles that roll away from their toes. 57. Ahead of them Loung sees KR. Her heart begins to beat rap as they approach.
115) 1) dialog: Comrade, we are orphans. We are looking for a place to live. The soldier stares at her. She feels he knows she is lyin Finally he guides her.
116) 0) text: Chou and Loung pass the flag and follow the dirt trail winding and stretching before them. It is afternoon when finally see a camp. EXT. CHILDRENвЂ™S WORK CAMP - DAY Loung looks at the camp. It consists of six huts. Opposit them are two open huts that are used as the communal kitc and three smaller huts where the supervisors live. The ca is surrounded by rice fields on all sides. The children a harvesting. Another fifty children lined up at the wells in the process of watering the gardens. Buckets of water passed from one person to person, the last person with th bucket pours the water onto the garden and runs the bucke back to the well. Standing at the front, Chou and Loung are greeted by the supervisor. MET BONG is as tall as Ma but much bigger and more intimidating. Her black hair is cut chin-length and square, the same style of all other KR women.
116) 2) dialog: Met Bong, my sister and I are orphans looking for a place to live.
116) 4) dialog: I am seven. She is ten.
116) 9) text: Loung and Chou now work in the rice fields with the other girls. Harvesting is hard work. Loung watches the others learn what to do. Na helps her and shows her. EXT. CHILDRENвЂ™S WORK CAMP The girls return from work. VAN a girl around ChouвЂ™s ag size makes herself known as a leader. She stares at Chou. She finds her sweet soft nature weak. 60. Van pushes into Chou on purpose. Chou is of such a gentle nature it really shocks her. She tries to move away from who gets near her and pushes her again. SAT, Van's friend also there and giving Chou a hard time. EXT. CHILDRENвЂ™S WORK CAMP Another day working in the rice fields. Sweat pours down LoungвЂ™s face. She looks over at Van who is saying thing Chou under her breath. Chou is trying to be strong. INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S WORK CAMP - NIGHT Chou and Loung hold each other as they sleep on the wood boards surrounded by all the other girls. INT. CHILDRENвЂ™S WORK CAMP - EARLY EVENING
116) 10) text: While washing up for dinner one evening, Van, walks up an pinches ChouвЂ™s arm. She leans in and whispers something cruel. As if possessed by a will of their own, LoungвЂ™s arms re for her neck and her hands close around the girls throat, squeezing hard. Van's face turns white with confusion. Sh gasps for air, chokes under the pressure of LoungвЂ™s fin She grabs LoungвЂ™s arms, her nails scratching her skin. refuses to let go. Sharp pain explodes on LoungвЂ™s shin kicks her. Loung lunges at her with her body, knocking he the ground. Sitting on her chest, LoungвЂ™s eyes pierce h Her hands slap VanвЂ™s face. Loung is pushed to the ground by Met Bong.
116) 17) text: At the break of dawn, Loung packs her clothes and food bo Hooking their elbows together Chou and Loung walk towards Bong. The girls hug wrapping their arms tightly around each oth Loung can feel ChouвЂ™s tears wet her hair. Met Bong anno it is time for everyone to move. (discuss other ways to s affection that are more suitable under KR) Chou refuses to let go of LoungвЂ™s hand. With all her st Loung pulls her hand away and moves to catch up with the others. She canвЂ™t look back. Loung holds back her tears lifts her head bracing herself for whatвЂ™s to come.
117) 1) text: Met Bong leads Loung and two others to another camp a hal hourвЂ™s walk away. When they arrive, Loung notices in ma ways it seems similar in set up to the old camp. Met Bong passes them off to MET SREI. (Try a full camp bokotor training as the new girls arrive.) The new work camp is surrounded by forest. All around are hammocks in tall palm trees that sway lightly in the wind Some boys are training. One looks at her and smiles, SMIL BOY. He looks about twelve years old, has a round face, b wavy hair, and a small, dark sinewy body. This familiar gesture of human friendship is one that she become so unused to. She smiles slightly and turns her attention back to the camp. The camp is made up of about ninety girls and boys, their ages ranging from Nine to fifteen. Loung is one of the younger ones. In this camp I suggest to have 2 groups of children, gath according to their age. Met Srei manages the group of gir like Loung and a boy, Met Prem leads the unit of 13-16 bo only boys. There could be a unit of young boys too and a unit of you girls. But they all are separated when they sleep, when t eat...
118) 1) text: LoungвЂ™s first night at the camp, the two groups gather a roaring bonfire to listen to the latest propaganda. Met Srei stands before them preaching the message. 63.
119) 1) text: When the speeches are over, the circle opens up and the k gather to one side of the fire. Four boys get up from the crowd, with mandolins and homemade drums in hand. They st to the side of the crowd and start to play their instrume They beat the drums and strum the mandolins while their f tap the ground. Five girls walk up to the front and stand facing the crow All are wearing beautiful black shirts and pants, not the faded, gray-black Loung has on, but shiny and new, with bright red scarves around their waists. They wear red ribbons across their foreheads with red fake flowers made dyed straw. Forming a line, they sing and dance. 64. All the songs are about worshiping the powerful leader of Angkar, Pol Pot, the glory of Angkar society, and the unbeatable Khmer soldiers. Later- They dance scenes depicting farmers at work, and a song a a woman soldier hiding her knife in her skirt and thrusti it into the heart of a Youn. It has been years since Loun has heard music. Watching the girls sing and dance, a strange feeling come over Loung. Though the words they sing describe images of blood and war, the girls smile. Their hands move graceful in unison, their bodies sway and twirl to the rhythm of t music. FLASHBACK - a traditional dance from before the war. Gold bracelets and headpieces glisten (Possibly also Chou danc at home) - FLASHBACK ENDS The dancing continues. Loung watches the girls full of gr and movement.
120) 0) text: Loung is given a new uniform and a hammock. She prepares her first night alone.
121) 0) text: Loung wears a new soldier uniform and green cap on her fi day of bokotor training. (kids nearby possibly sharpen sticks, she joins later in the day)
123) 1) text: Depending on their size and age, the children are given different jobs and training. Loung sits with a group of g sharpening sticks and building traps.
124) 1) text: The children are gathered around the fire. Loung stares a the flames.
125) 1) text: Loung climbs into her hammock. She looks around at the gi she lives with. No one is a friend. No one can replace he family. She sees two girls sleeping near each other. She misses Chou.
126) 1) text: The Smiling Boy is there and this time Loung smiles back. Met Srei calls the other children to her. They all come together in the center of the camp. Met Srei stands up and disappears, only to return moments later with an armful of tools. They clang noisily as she drops them in a pile in front of them.
127) 1) text: Loung and others in a class to lay land mines. She looks up and sees some of the boys gathered together they march out of the camp and off to war. Smiling Boy is there. HeвЂ™s not smiling this time.
129) 1) text: Loung sits in fear. 66A. The sky is dark and cloudless, allowing the full moon to shine through, giving everything an eerie, silvery glow. 67. The cool wind blows quietly. All is quiet, except for the crickets. The night sky looms ever more black in front of her. Something rustles loudly in the tall grass. She holds her breath and look around the compound. Her heart races. The tree trunks expand and contract as if they are breathing. branches shake and swing, transform into hands. The grass sways like waves heading toward her. Loung clutches her weapon to her chest. Her eyes scanning trees.
131) 1) text: The rain falls on Loung as she and the other girls finish another hard day in the rain bokotor training.
132) 1) text: The hammocks swing in the wind and rain. Loung lays awake thinking of her family. She listens to the rain.
133) 3) text: The sun shines down on Loung who appears stronger. She an the other girls train with the few sickles, hoes, knives, stakes, and guns that are available in the camp. Later вЂ” The children eat together. At breakfast, Loung hides food her scarf.
134) 0) text: LoungвЂ™s fingers tremble as she buttons her black shirt. runs her fingers through her greasy hair to smooth it out
135) 1) text: Loung picks up her pass from Met Srei.
137) 0) text: Finally Loung sees the village. It looks familiar yet it' changed. Seems there are less people and more starved aro the huts. Too sick to work now. She stays low and in the shadows. The town square is deserted and quiet as she crosses it t face the rows of huts. Her lungs expand and contract rapidly. She forces herself closer to their hut. 69.
138) 0) text: Everything is still there. Their wooden rice bowls and spoons. Their pile of black clothes. Loung searches the hiding place. She finds MaвЂ™s blue shirt and the family wrapped inside.
138) 1) dialog: Ma! Getting a bad feeling, Loung calls out again. No one repl She notices a bowl knocked over. She puts it on the small shelf. DaviвЂ™s mother stands in the doorway of the next hut. DAVIвЂ™'S MOTHER They went with the soldiers. The woman says quietly and looks away. She stares into th distance, refusing to look back at Loung. They both know it means when the soldiers come to the village and take someone with them. Loung stares into the empty hut. They cannot have survive three years of starvation and the loss of Keav and Pa onl be taken now! She fought so hard to live! She cannot be g Poor little Geak, she never got anything good out of life At the sound of a baby, DaviвЂ™s mother leaves.
140) 0) text: Loung walks away from Ro Leap deafened by the ringing in ears. Tears pour from her as she drags herself away from the village. Her eyes flutter, it is as if she is drifting aw into another place, into the deepest recesses of her mind hide from the pain. Suddenly, the world becomes hazy and blurry. It is black all around her, soothing and empty.
141) 1) text: Staring straight ahead, Loung regains conscious thought. Slap. She is back at camp, standing before Met Srei. Her massages her stinging cheek; she tastes blood in her mout
141) 3) dialog: I went to see my sister.
141) 5) dialog: I donвЂ™t know. I donвЂ™t know where I was. 71. Met Srei slaps her again. Loung almost loses her balance. Srei screams into her face.
142) 1) text: Remaining boys practice bokotor. Early morning Met Srei takes her old clothes and stuffs t with leaves and straw to make dummies. The heads, she stu her red checkered scarf with straw. She then lines up the girls single file across from the dummies. With a six-inch knife in hand, Loung stands at attention. Panting like an animal, with her legs shaking and her han gripping the knife, Loung attacks at Met SreiвЂ™s cue, ch at her dummy. Though she is focused on its head, Loung is only tall enough to thrust her knife into its stomach. She stabs it over and over again. Now she no longer has to pretend to be an orphan.
143) 0) text: Wide of the fields. Mounds of earth. It appears empty. Suddenly muddy girls rise up from their hiding places and forward. Each holding a pointed stick in their hands. (possibly a few sticks to lay like traps) Loung runs through the middy fields. She is covered in mu She is fast. Angry. She pushes another little girl to the ground. She runs drops to her belly and crawls as if possessed.
145) 1) text: That night none of the girls can sleep as they listen to explosions of mortars and rockets in the distance. After few hours of shelling, all is quiet again. Then without warning, a mortar explodes near their base, blazing the sky white like lightning. Loung screams and covers her ears with her hands just as another mortar whistles and hits the camp. Trees burst into flame. Screa and wailing, the girls try to escape before fire consumes them. The girls run and crawl away, their faces black fro smoke and their eyes white with terror. Many are dripping blood from their arms and legs where shrapnel sliced thro their skin. Loung heads away as the fire spreads everywhere. GIRLвЂ™S VOICE DonвЂ™t leave me! IвЂ™m hit! Help me! Loung looks to see a girl lying in a pool of blood. Propp herself up on her elbow, she begs for help. She is shakin and shivering. The other girls do not stop. Seeing Loung looking at her, she holds out a bloody hand to her. Fire spreads through the camp quickly, debris falling everywhe Loung is much smaller than the girl. Loung screams and co her ears as another mortar explodes nearby. Panicked, she turns her back on the girl and runs away. The girl continues to scream long anguished cries as flam engulf the camp. All the girls head off in different directions in a despe bid to escape the camp. In the dark, the straw walls and roofs combust into yellow and orange flames, illuminating red faces of girls running away. 73.
146) 0) text: On the road, Loung finds herself crowded among hundreds o people walking amid deserted towns and villages. Automatically, her body takes control of her feet and vee her in the direction of her ChouвЂ™s camp. EXT. CHILDRENвЂ™S WORK CAMP - NIGHT The camp is dark and empty when Loung get there.
146) 1) dialog: (desperate) Chou! Chou! Loung circles around the compound, but Chou is not there. camp has been evacuated. Penned animals panic as fire surrounds them.
147) 0) text: Loung runs back out into the traffic, not knowing what to next. All around her the people move like a herd of cows. Not knowing what to do. She is afraid. She feels a hand grab her shoulder. It's Kim. He's alive! Chou is with him, holding on tight to his hand. LoungвЂ™s been so happy!
148) 0) text: They walk with the sea of people, following their route. Loung leans on Kim. Soon the sun rises. In crimson red, golden yellow, and fiery orange, it lights up the world around them. In the field, tall elephant grass glistens w morning dew while gray smoke floats in to the sky from distant villages. The small red gravel roads are swarmed body to body with people in their black shirts and pants. 74. The traffic does not stop and continues to move, everybod dragging their feet slower and slower. Those who cannot m any farther sit at the side of the road, some curl up ina fetal position and sleep. The snakelike traffic pushes on with the strong able-bodied men forming the head, and the old, young, weak, and hungry trailing behind as the tail.
149) 0) text: As the sun climbs higher in the sky. Kim spots a deserted bombed house. Chou and Loung follow Kim's lead.
150) 0) text: Bundles in hand, they walk back out to join the mob of people. Not knowing where they are going, they follow the traffic. Kim notices something on the road. He points it to the girls. An anti tank mine. Half buried on the road. Loung looks at it as she carefully walks around it. Later - they pass a land mine that has exploded. Nothing a hole in the ground and the remains of the blood from th victim who was dragged away. Now she is constantly lookin down at the road. Terrified. There is gunfire in the distance. 75.
151) 1) text: Loung sees the area. It looms like a small village before them, flickering and swaying in the haze like a mirage. Many people are very thin. Those who were not in labor or soldier camps are near dead. Next to the tents, women prepare food (caught snake, frog or chicken) , blowing and stoking the fires, coughing as smoke finds their faces. The Vietnamese are all around, weaving through the labyri and patrolling the area with rifles on their shoulders an grenades attached to their belts. Kim pulls at LoungвЂ™s arm and gestures for her to hurry begins to fall behind. They pass through the crowd, searc for an empty spot to make their home. Kim, Loung, and Chou settle under a tree at the edge of t area with a few other ORPHANS. 76.
152) 1) text: Loung Kim and Chou pluck the chickens.
153) 1) text: Finally Chou announces they are done. Kim breaks off a le scoops up a bowl of rice, and hands it to Loung. With the plates in front of them, they eat in silence. They notice a couple Orphans staring. Chou whispers to Ki and he invites them to share what little chicken they hav
154) 1) text: A day in the area - add details. Chou and Loung preparing snake (with a knife they found at the abandoned house). K prepares a fire. Survival. Some cooking frogs or spiders. Some people dying, having been starved too long. Later- Kim brings over a small water bucket. Kim, Chou and Loung help each other clean up. Chou wipes mud off LoungвЂ™s fa She then runs her fingers through her hair to вЂњbrushвЂќ Chou then walks up to Kim and pulls stray threads from hi shirt.
155) 1) text: Chou spreads out their scarfs and lies down. With her in middle, Kim and Loung huddle closely on either side of he Kim hooks a bundle through his arms while Loung does the to her bundle. They pull (Kims new jacket?) over themselv All around them people are sleeping, eating, or sitting quietly together. Many who have little strength left are assisting the sick. Loung looks over to the side and watc a family sitting together, eating their meal. It is a fam of five, parents with three boys, from perhaps five to te years old. The father scoops rice and hands it over to hi youngest child first, then he does the same for the other The mother reaches over and wipes the child's nose with h fingers, then quickly wipes her hand on her skirt. Loung looks at the fathers kind eyes. She sees how much he love his family. She misses Pa. 76A. Loung turns away. Gunfire can be heard in the distance. 77.
156) 1) text: Loung and Chou wash and hang their laundry.
157) 1) text: Flashes - New Year's morning, Keav, with big pink, yellow blue, and green prickly plastic rollers in her hair held by a hundred small black bobby pins sticking up everywher like porcupine quills, as she combs LoungвЂ™s hair and ti in ponytails. Next to her on the bed, Chou works on getti Geak dressed. After Keav finishes with LoungвЂ™s hair, sh red rouge on Geak's lips and cheeks. On their bed, they bounce with glee as their mattress squeaks. Colors and pretty clothes and laughter.
158) 0) text: Loung, Kim and Chou gather firewood. Loung steps on somet that looks like a brown twig but it slithers away giving a small fright. Loung rubs her tired eyes, yawns, and adjusts the ropes s brought to tie the firewood, slinging them over her shoulders. Chou walks ahead with the ax in her arms.
160) 1) text: Suddenly Loung awakens to the sound of a loud explosion. bolts upright, her ears ringing from the blast. She hears shrilling whine before another rocket ruptures nearby. Th children scream at the top of their lungs, clambering aro the campsite. Loung, Chou, Kim and the Orphans move.
161) 1) text: The earth shakes violently as crackling yellow, orange, a red flames devour a nearby hut. Gray smoke floats to the and white ashes fall on them like powder. (if no hut then embers from a blast. To be discussed) Loung watches as all around her people cry and scream for help as more rockets rain on the village. Fire engulfs th camp and villagers rush to evacuate.
162) 1) text: Loung sees the men in green fighting the KR soldiers. Bot sides seem equally frightening to her. Loung gets separated. She looks around everyone looks the same. She canвЂ™t find Kim and Chou. She feels panicked. Finally, she finds them. With their legs shaking in fear, they follow Kim ducking and keeping low.
163) 0) text: They come to the river and, holding hands, wade into it. river splashes in waves as hundreds of people jump in it once trying to get to the other side. With small bundles their heads or draped on their shoulders and small childr hanging on their backs, the villagers wade across the che deep stream, desperately reaching for safety. Loung Kim a Chou tuck in to the side of the river bank to avoid the battle that rages around them. RE IMAGE AJP. She sees a young KR fighting the Vietnamese. ItвЂ™s Smili Boy. A blast almost knocks the air out from LoungвЂ™s lungs. S reaches for the Orphan boyвЂ™s arm, then jerks her hand b her palm touches something wet and sticky on her. 79. Her stomach churns. Loung turns to see him lying facedown the ground, quiet and motionless. His little brother belo him covered in blood. The top of his skull is caved in. A pool of blood slowly seeps into the dirt around her head. Blood and pieces of brain are on LoungвЂ™s hand.
164) 0) text: The battle rages on. Loung, Chou and Kim are under fire a forced to run.
166) 0) text: Running as fast as she can, Loung jumps over dead bodies. hears their bullets whiz past her. She runs for her life. front of her, a man falls from a bullet. His body stops m stride, his chest jerking forward before he falls to the ground. Many people get hit and drop one by one to the gr all around her. Some lie still while others crawl on thei elbows trying to reach safety. Loung sees a man thrown into the air as the ground explod beneath him. Land mines. She keeps running. A woman with child stands screaming. Another woman running knocks into and the ground beneath them explodes. Loung runs staring the ground. What can she do? Bullets from behind, land mi underneath. She holds her breath and moves forward. (Poss moves forward slowly because of mines. Could discuss slow motion as world blows up around her and her heart beats) Minutes later- After she catches up with Chou and Kim, they see an old remnant of a tree stump. It sticks out of the ground thre feet tall by four feet wide. They crouch behind it. 80.
167) 0) text: Chou covers her ears with her hands and squeezes her eyes shut. Kim is white, leaning against the tree for support. They stay there for what seems like hours until all is qu again. Later- When they believe it is safe, they come out from behind t tree stump. Loung watches Chou and Kim trudge ahead, their eyes focus on the ground. There are smoldering remains of bonfires giving off the stench of burnt human flesh all through the village. Trai and puddles of blood stain the area. Her eyes are on the ground wherever she goes, steering clear of anything that looks like a grenade or land mine. They try to step into footprints of others.
168) 0) text: A month or so later. They have moved with others up to a mountainous region where it is safe. Chou and Loung at th river. Life is returning. We can see that aid relief is beginning to trickle in.
169) 0) text: Kim arrives at the site all flushed and out of breath. As he explains this, Loung hears every other word
170) 0) text: Loung makes her way towards the sound until she closes in a mob of people. 81. Their bodies block her view of the prisoner. She tries to shift her body to find an open space but she cannot. Frustrated, she wedges her small body between theirs and pushes her way through. She is in the middle of the crowd surrounded by people. She cannot see anything. She looks to the faces of the adults who are all looking in the sam direction. Some are staring at him overwhelmed with emoti unable to speak. Some are full of rage. Finally, she sees a clearing between people's legs. She t to push her way through, but they are so engrossed in wha going on that they do not move. Determined, she gets on h hands and knees, and crawls through the brown forest of l up to the front. There he is. Loung stands and finds herself almost face-t face with him, separated by only ten feet. Automatically, raises her scarf to cover her head and face. Her heart be wildly. Fear seeps into her body. She peeks over her scar He is looking at her. She takes a step back, leaning into the crowd for protect The crowd vibrates with anticipation and energy, closing around the prisoner. LoungвЂ™s hands close into fists. The mans face reveals nothing. His lips do not beg for me He sits propped up on a high back chair on a gravel hill serves as a stage. He is dark and wears the black clothes the Khmer Rouge. A rough hemp rope that binds his feet together. More rope straps him to the back of the chair, coils around him from the chest down to the stomach.
170) 3) text: The woman raises her weapon again. The crowd is silenced. An OLDER WOMAN reaches for her to stop her. She pushes he away. A man steps forward angry and is held back by anoth There is pain and chaos. Screaming and tears. Blood splatters the woman's clothes, and face. She scream and swings the weapon up above her head again. (Flash of Loung with a weapon. A surreal moment) Blood droplets lan LoungвЂ™s pants and face as she stands watching. Loung wa as the prisoners leg jerks but is held down by the rope. Khmer Rouge body convulses and trembles, as if electricit traveling to the legs, arms, and fingers. The Older Woman grabs her and holds her. She regains her composure. The Older Woman speaks with passion about how Cambodian people will not be destroyed by this. That she not become hateful like the KR. Then the Woman drops the weapon and they begin to walk aw When they turn around, Loung sees that she looks like dea herself. Her hair trickles blood and sweat, their clothes drip, her face red and rigid. (flash cuts between Loung a the Woman) The Woman is quiet as the crowd parts for her to pass through. Moments later- One by one, people return to their homes, leaving Loung standing there alone, staring at the KR soldier. He looks back at her. LoungвЂ™s fists open. She no longer wants to fight. 83.
171) 0) text: Like in the opening she walks and sees her reflection. Th time in the pond. She walks on towards a tree. She climbs a tree. She looks across the camp. She looks down at her feet. So much has changed since her days in Phnom Penh. Loung hears Kim and looks up. She sees Kim walking toward her with two men. Afraid, she jumps down and takes a step back. She canвЂ™t see clearly. Chou is also staring at the men. they comes closer they realize it is Meng and Khouy! Chou runs to them and jumps into KhouyвЂ™s arms. Loung fi herself feeling shy, and stands stiff and awkward. Meng kneels before her. He smiles and musses her hair just lik he used to. Her heart soars quickly at the touch of his hand. He is real - not a figment of her imagination! 84. Her brothers are alive. The five remaining members of the family embrace each other. They have survived. We hold on LoungвЂ™s face. She smiles.