3) 1) text: Loung walks into the living room where her brother KIM, t listening to music on a record player. His records and co are spread out all over the floor. Like all older brother likes to give his little sisters trouble. Loung reaches for the crickets (or colorful fruit) he is eating. He chops at her arm kung fu style. He does a huan (monkey king) kick. (Possibly in Pa’s helmet) CHOU helps with Geak. Loung looks up at KHOUY and MENG her eldest brothers who just walked in the door. Meng greets her with a smile and musses her hair. He is gentle and soft spoken like Pa. Kh is cool with his sunglasses and long hair. (Maybe he brin something to Kim or tried out a new record.)
8) 0) text: Loung finds Pa on the balcony with Meng and Kim. They see tense. She watches them.
12) 0) text: The family head out of the apartment. The chaos of the ci People push and shove one another to evacuate the city. Everywhere, people are on the move. Little children cry. Women and men carry their belongings in cloth bags on the backs and their heads. They walk with short, brisk steps, demanding their children stay together, to hold each othe hands, to not get left behind. A lone radio has been abandoned in the chaos. Loung liste to the song as she passes. Loung moves to the Mazda parked outside but she is pulled away from it and towards the old family truck in the back The family pile into the truck. The old pickup truck crea and squeaks as Khouy throws a cloth bag and water can ont its floor. In front, Pa ties a large white cloth to the antenna while Meng ties another piece to the side mirrors
13) 0) text: Families on the move. Chaos. The KR soldiers are everywhe There are so many of them around, giving orders into thei bullhorns cradling rifles in their arms. Loung notices the other children. The fear on their faces Small mountains of guns fill the sidewalk as government soldiers turn over their weapons to the men in black. The soldiers are then put into a truck and driven off. Loung buries her face into Keav's chest, her arms tight around her waist. Chou sits silently on the other side of Keav, her eyes shut. Beside them, Khouy and Meng sit ston faced, watching the exodus. (FACT— TWO MILLION PEOPLE EVACUATED THE CITY WITHIN 72
18) 0) text: Loung opens her eyes to find her family is already packin up. They look tired with their hair sticking out in all directions. Someone is yelling. Loung looks around. A group of Khmer Rouge soldiers are yelling at everyone to keep moving. Lo stares at their guns. Meng helps her up and gives her comfort. The KR soldier signals for Pa to move away from the truck Pa steps out.
39) 1) text: As soon as they are told, everyone jumps off. Pa lifts Lo out of the truck and puts her on the ground next to Chou. 25. Loung overhears Meng and Pa talking.
39) 2) dialog: We’re not in Battambang?
43) 0) text: Loung remembers clutching tightly to Pa's finger as they walked along wide crumbling corridors. The temple walls a decorated with magnificent detailed carvings of people, c wagons, daily life, and battle scenes from long ago. 27. Guarding the ancient steps are giant granite lions, tiger eight-headed snakes, and elephants. Next to them, sandsto gods with eight hands who sit cross-legged on lotus flowe watch over the temple ponds. On the walls beneath the jun vines, thousands of beautiful Apsara goddesses with big r breasts wearing only short wraparound skirts smile at visitors. Pa leads Loung through the temple. LOUNG O.S. Meng said you were once a monk.
69) 0) text: Everyone is up early. Loung notices Khouy who seems upset She notices Pa and Meng having a serious private talk. Ma packs Keav’s black pyjama pants and shirt in a scarf. K sits next to Ma with their hands touching. Loung is tryin to understand what is happening.
70) 0) text: Quietly Loung walks with her family to the town square wh other teenagers and families have already gathered. Other teenagers have tears in their eyes as do their distraught parents. Loung now understands. Meng musses Loung’s hair and gives her a smile. Loung w as the Village Chief calls them out and the base people h out tools and give them a plot number.
71) 0) text: Loung watches Chou sleeping. She looks over at the empty place where Meng, Khouy and Keav used to sleep. Tears fal from her big brown eyes.
171) 0) text: Like in the opening she walks and sees her reflection. Th time in the pond. She walks on towards a tree. She climbs a tree. She looks across the camp. She looks down at her feet. So much has changed since her days in Phnom Penh. Loung hears Kim and looks up. She sees Kim walking toward her with two men. Afraid, she jumps down and takes a step back. She can’t see clearly. Chou is also staring at the men. they comes closer they realize it is Meng and Khouy! Chou runs to them and jumps into Khouy’s arms. Loung fi herself feeling shy, and stands stiff and awkward. Meng kneels before her. He smiles and musses her hair just lik he used to. Her heart soars quickly at the touch of his hand. He is real - not a figment of her imagination! 84. Her brothers are alive. The five remaining members of the family embrace each other. They have survived. We hold on Loung’s face. She smiles.