2) 48) dialog: (not even listening) I think you should listen to your mother. DAGGUM PIECE OF JUNK! He smacks the TV again. The static flares. BACK UPSTAIRS IN MIKE’S ROOM, Lucas, Dustin, and Will stuff belongings into backpacks.
3) 0) text: Lucas explodes into the garage. Excited.
15) 0) text: A WALL PHONE RINGS at the Wheelers. It is chaos over here Mike is grabbing SYRUP from a cabinet; Nancy is eating scrambled eggs, HOLLY, 3, is crying; Ted is watching the morning news; and now the phone is ringing. The fucking Phone. Karen answers. Holly squirms in her arms.
15) 8) dialog: 
27) 0) text: The Young Girl pads barefoot down an empty road. She sees a RUN-DOWN RESTAURANT in the distance. A rusted sign reads: “BENNY’S FISH ‘N FRY.” EXT. BENNY’S FISH ‘N FRY - DAY The Young Girl approaches the restaurant. She stands on her tiptoes and peers into a smudged window BENNY HAMMOND, late 40s, lumbers past the window carrying THREE PLATES OF FISH AND CHIPS. He has leathery skin, sle tattoos, and a greasy apron wrapped around his waist. He drops the plates off at a table of ELDERLY REGULARS. They chain-smoke, speak with thick islander accents.
29) 0) text: Benny slides a plate of FISH AND CHIPS to the Young Girl. She is seated at a table in the dining room. It is just h now; the regulars are gone. Her gown has been replaced wi a “Fish ‘N Fry” T-shirt. It droops to her knees like a dr The Young Girl stares at the food with wide eyes.
40) 0) text: The Wheeler family is seated at the dining table. A hot home cooked meal is before them. But Mike isn’t eat
40) 15) dialog: Language!
40) 21) dialog: Steve?
40) 26) dialog: 
40) 30) dialog: See, Michael. This is what happens.
40) 32) dialog: That’s not fair, Michael. We care. Mike stares at his dad. He can’t take his apathy, not tonight. He stands up from the table and hurries off. Holly cries louder. Ted continues to chew. Karen shoots daggers at him.
40) 34) dialog: Hey? What’d I do? Karen? Karen?!
48) 0) text: Their silhouetted bodies writhe in the moonlight. Waves CRASH the shore.
55) 0) text: Barbara stumbles out onto the beach. Her face is pale and blood pours from her nose and ears. She crashes to a halt. Looks around for help. Desperate. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 62. But there is no bonfire. No kids. No party. Yet somehow, impossibly, she can hear the sound of music, of kids talk laughing. Only it all sounds far away. Like a distant mem A dense fog has drifted in from the Atlantic and the wave roll in slowly, much slower than normal, as if the world moves at quarter speed. The wet sand is covered in more o those strange, throbbing growths, and the sky is shrouded dark clouds. Electric blue lighting flashes, streaking th sky, and -- Barbara hears something. Something wet. Guttural. She turns. And pales. Obscured beneath the fog: A HORDE OF SHADOWED FIGURES. TALL. DISFIGURED. One of them walks on all fours. They are coming this way. Coming for her. She screams. And...