10) 0) text: Zak and Raya approach the teen, CALUM (16).
10) 2) dialog: Calum.
10) 5) dialog: Don’t take the piss. Calum picks up a WHITE CANE -- slowly walks away. We real - along with Zak and Raya -- that he is partially-sighted Zak looks at his sister. He scurries after Calum tenaciou Raya follows.
10) 8) dialog: I can't see! 17 15.
13) 0) text: Zak helps Calum into the ring.
13) 5) dialog: Outlines.
13) 7) dialog: I can see a blob.
38) 0) text: Zak (blindfolded) is counting steps with Calum from one s of the ring to the other. They reach one side, turn, walk back. Strays work-shop in the other ring. Paulie BARRELS through the door, lungs in overdrive. A Stray nudges Zak and he lifts his blindfold -- to see t Toughs skid into the doorway. Zak quickly assesses the situation.
38) 20) dialog: Can I be as good as her, Zak? The other strays begin to echo the sentiment: “Could I be good as Saraya?" “Can I be like her? -- a cacophony in Za head. 55 56 57 58.
49) 0) text: Calum sits on his lonely swing, listening out for the van PERKS UP as he hears a vehicle -- but it’s merely a POST- passing by.
78) 0) text: Roy looks on as Zak supervises Calum and Paulie in the ri Calum, cool and confident now, throws Paulie off the rope Calum bounces back -- clotheslines Paulie. The Strays wat at the apron, applaud. Calum climbs the TURNBUCKLE. Stands astride it. Wobbles nervously.
81) 0) text: Telecast on TV. Every chair and inch of floor space is filling up with WRESTLERS, STRAYS, FAMILY and FRIENDS, buzzing with excitement. Paulie helps Calum find a seat. 121 105. Courtney and Kayden enter with Hugh and Daphne. Roy shoos some Strays off the couch to make space for them. Julia whispers quietly to Courtney.
100) 0) text: Zak smiles back, holding Kayden, sharing the moment with Pulls Courtney in close. PAN off Raya on TV -- to a photo of brother and sister on mantle -- their teenage selves, grinning, arms around one another, fists raised -- striking a FIGHTING POSE for the camera. FADE TO BLACK. CAPTIONS: Oo 157 Calum and Paulie are now professional wrestlers. Julia started her own women's wrestling promotion. Ricky retired from live wrestling... but was so miserable Julia made him start again. Zak continues to wrestle in a tag-team with Roy... and tr new recruits at the W.A.W. School. Paige is two-time Diva’s Champion... and one of WWE's biggest... and most controversial... stars. Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson went on to a successful career outside of wrestling. FADE OUT.