15) 0) text: The Family are sitting around the dining table eating din Ricky is now wearing a Norwich City soccer shirt. Zak is next to Courtney. Opposite them are DAPHNE and HUGH -- a MIDDLE-AGED, MIDDL CLASS, MIDDLE-ENGLAND COUPLE -- wildly out of place besid the tattooed and pierced Knight family.
15) 35) dialog: (to Hugh) That’s a romantic story, isn’t it, dad?
15) 67) dialog: This is not the only exciting news today, is it? She takes Zak’s hand. Everyone looks at them expectantly. COURTNEY (CONT’D) I've decided to quit college... and move in with Zak.
15) 69) dialog: Since... I got pregnant. 27. Both sets of parents stare, dumbstruck.
16) 0) text: Raya, Zak and Courtney sit at a table across from a BIG G in PRISON GARB. This is ROY (28). He has his hand on Courtney’s growing baby-bump.
16) 1) dialog: Did you feel him kick?
16) 3) dialog: Please God, no. Everyone LAUGHS.
16) 5) dialog: We're thinking about Kayden.
16) 13) dialog: Roy... can I ask you something?
16) 15) dialog: Your mum said you did the try-outs last year?
16) 17) dialog: So why are you in here? The siblings stops smiling.
16) 19) dialog: I don’t wanna be rude, but Zak won’t tell me.
16) 26) dialog: (hand to her mouth) Jesus...
22) 0) text: Ricky, Julia, Courtney, the Strays and the Pros are waiti anxiously. Car doors illuminate the gym. Everyone rises to their fee Doors slam outside. Beat. Zak and Raya walk in -- greeted by a wall of expectant fa
22) 5) dialog: You alright?
33) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Courtney sweating hard, too -- deep into LABOUR Medical staff attend to her -- Zak watches. Courtney reac out, grabs his hand.
43) 0) text: Raya rushes in. Throws her head over the sink. Pukes. Runs water. Cleans her face. Looks at herself in the mirr 66 67 64. INT. ZAK AND COURTNEY'S FLAT - NIGHT Oo 66 Zak is slumped on the sofa, half-watching the TV, drinkin beer. Kayden is on his playmat. Zak's phone rings. He looks at the caller ID: RAYA. Stare her name. Considers answering. Presses ‘cancel’. KAYDEN starts to cry. Zak looks down at him -- turns up t volume on the TV. As Kayden bawls -- so Zak RAISES THE VOLUME -- until the is in full contest with the WHINE OF THE CHILD. Courtney enters, scoops up Kayden.
43) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ, Zak. She comforts the child.
72) 0) text: Ricky and Julia are doing their tax returns. They hear something outside. They get up to investigate -- find Zak running the Strays through drills. He is holding Kayden, Courtney looks on. Ricky and Julia exchange glances. Ricky wanders up beside Zak. They share a look. Ricky rea up, brings his son’s head to his, pats it proudly. Zak reciprocates. The most these two men can ‘say’ to one another.
81) 0) text: Telecast on TV. Every chair and inch of floor space is filling up with WRESTLERS, STRAYS, FAMILY and FRIENDS, buzzing with excitement. Paulie helps Calum find a seat. 121 105. Courtney and Kayden enter with Hugh and Daphne. Roy shoos some Strays off the couch to make space for them. Julia whispers quietly to Courtney.
95) 2) dialog: Paulie!
100) 0) text: Zak smiles back, holding Kayden, sharing the moment with Pulls Courtney in close. PAN off Raya on TV -- to a photo of brother and sister on mantle -- their teenage selves, grinning, arms around one another, fists raised -- striking a FIGHTING POSE for the camera. FADE TO BLACK. CAPTIONS: Oo 157 Calum and Paulie are now professional wrestlers. Julia started her own women's wrestling promotion. Ricky retired from live wrestling... but was so miserable Julia made him start again. Zak continues to wrestle in a tag-team with Roy... and tr new recruits at the W.A.W. School. Paige is two-time Diva’s Champion... and one of WWE's biggest... and most controversial... stars. Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson went on to a successful career outside of wrestling. FADE OUT.