28) 0) text: Raya enters through a gate, takes in the SWIMMING POOL. THREE BEAUTIFUL WOMEN sunbathe. JERI-LYNN (Southern-belle pneumatic Playmate-type with fa boobs), MADISON (former dancer) and KIRSTEN (statuesque blonde). Kirsten looks up at Raya - flashes pearl blue eyes and gleaming white teeth -- as she dives elegantly into the p Raya hauls her bags up a staircase to a SECOND FLOOR WALK INT. RAYA’S APARTMENT - DAY 44 Raya unlocks the door, enters, takes in her new corporate clean home. 45 46 50.
29) 0) text: STATE OF THE ART training facility -- pristine WRESTLING RINGS branded with WWE NXT logos -- an even longer way fr the W.A.W. From the ring, Hutch explains a routine, demonstrated at speed by his TWO COLLEAGUES. Raya’s eyes wander -- she takes in the other new recruits EIGHT MEN, THREE WOMEN. The BOYS: LONG HAIRED DUDE, GERMANIC BEEFCAKE and BLACK ADONIS from the London trials -- plus an assortment of bo builders, college quarterbacks, all-American high school heroes and meathead farm-boys. The GIRLS from the pool: JERI-LYNN, MADISON and KIRSTEN. Each has the bombshell physique and pin-up good-looks of archetypal WWE DIVA -- SEXY OUTFIT, MANICURED NAILS, RICH TANS, COIFFURED HAIR. Raya looks down at her own TATTY BLACK LEGGINGS, FADING R T-SHIRT and SPLIT ENDS. Her porcelain-skin and Goth-rock mark her out -- as the runt of the litter. She looks up -- finds Kirsten staring at her. Kirsten fla a smile and a mouthful of gleaming white teeth. Raya smil back. ANGLE ON: Hutch’s colleagues, as they now demo the sequen at full speed. Applause. Hutch turns to the Class.
30) 3) dialog: (to Jeri-Lynn) Call the doc. Hutch jumps into the ring -- Kirsten follows, hands him t towel to smother the bleeding. Hutch examines Madison's n
30) 5) dialog: On the way.
31) 0) text: Kirsten and Jeri-Lynn are sunbathing.
31) 3) dialog: Oh yeah?
31) 5) dialog: Where did you wrestle before?
31) 7) dialog: I was a cheerleader. Beat. 48 49 50 54.
31) 10) dialog: Well... nice to meet you. She gets up, walks towards her apartment. Jeri-Lynn smile too, follows. Off Raya’s sinking expression --
34) 0) text: The Class race along the beach in a BURDEN RUN, heavy sandbags slung over their shoulders. It’s gruelling work. Raya feels eyes on her. It’s Kirsten: she flashes her thousand watt smile, seemingly unfazed by the brutal regi - powers forward -- an unspoken challenge to Raya to keep Raya, sweating hard, pushes herself to catch up... 51 52 53 55.
36) 0) text: Kirsten is in the lead, Raya behind her -- followed by Je Lynn, then Madison. Kirsten reaches a HEAVY TRACTOR TIRE. Dumps her sandbag - wrestles her tire upwards. Raya catches up -- struggles to get under her tire. Sweat hard, she gives herself an extra boost -- flipping her ti over -- trying to catch up with Kirsten. Jeri-Lynn is close behind. Raya soldiers through pain but Kirsten powers on -- gives FINAL PUSH. Crosses the ‘finish line’ -- victorious. Raya, lungs working overtime, arrives behind her in secon place. She drops, exhausted. Finds Kirsten staring at her with steel-cold eyes. Jeri-Lynn slumps down next to them. Madison is way behind, still doggedly trying to hoist her tire. It’s a losing battle. Hutch hollers at her.
39) 0) text: Raya carries a basket from the laundry room. She passes t pool. Kirsten, Madison and Jeri-Lynn are sunbathing, music blar laughing and joking, flirting with a handful of the MALE WRESTLERS. As Raya passes at a distance, she observes the fun -- detached -- distant -- uninvited. She locks eyes with Kirsten -- who flashes her gleaming w teeth, then leans into Jeri-Lynn, whispers something to h Jeri-Lynn laughs, glances at Raya. Throws a smile her way Raya climbs the steps to her apartment. INT. RAYA’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT 56 Raya -- unable to sleep -- cuddles Ultimate Warrior -- st up at the ceiling fan. Rolls over. Looks at the PICTURES her bedside table of her family.
44) 0) text: Kirsten circles Raya in the ring, holding the mic.
44) 1) dialog: My name is Kirsten, I’m the future of the NXT... and the future looks good. CHEERS of approval. “Damn good!" “Yeahhhh!"
44) 2) dialog: I’m so hot, I make the sun jealous. Rowdy DUDES in the crowd WHISTLE AND CAT-CALL lustily for Kirsten, who plays up to it -- born to this. Madison and Jeri-Lynn applaud admiringly from the back. Hutch looks on -- monitoring the reaction -- evaluating.
44) 3) dialog: Paige, little Paige... I could say I’m gonna rearrange your teeth -- but you’re British, I'd be doing you a favor! CHEERS of approval.
44) 4) dialog: You know what would look good with that outfit? This body. 65. More CHEERS.
44) 5) dialog: So get ready -- because I'm about to slap you so hard when you stop rolling your clothes’1l be out of style. If those clothes ever were in style! More HOLLERS of approval. ANGLE ON: Hutch taking it in. The Douche and his cronies CHEER louder than anyone. Kirsten soaks in her applause, hands the mic to the refer who hands it on to Raya. Raya looks at Kirsten, never feeling less attractive -- o more inadequate. She looks out at the audience -- HAYSEED LOCALS swilling beer, waiting to be impressed -- none of the welcoming fa of her Norwich regulars. Heckles ring out from a FAT SLOBBY DOUCHE in the front ro sucking down a 24 OZ beer, surrounded by braying bros.
45) 0) text: The girls exit the stage door. A huddle of new fans surge around Kirsten, Madison and Jeri-Lynn -- ignore Raya, who pulls up her hood, heads for the coach. INT. coacH - niceT (J 69 Raya sits alone at the back, humiliated. She stares out a the night. She hears HUSHED VOICES -- Kirsten speaking in soft tones Madison and Jeri-Lynn. She hears snatches under the rumble of the coach: “She's happy... letting everyone down..." Raya hesitates -- takes a gulp -- steels herself -- then up -- powers towards Kirsten -- who immediately falls sil flashes a smile --
45) 1) dialog: Hey. -- but Raya is looming down at her.
45) 3) dialog: What? 67.
45) 5) dialog: I don’t have anything to say about you.
45) 7) dialog: I’m not fake.
45) 15) dialog: Her. Kirsten holds up a PICTURE on her PHONE of a pretty 5 YEA OLD GIRL.
45) 17) dialog: My daughter. Who I haven’t seen in four months, because I’m here, putting up with your shit so she can have a better life. Raya steps back.
45) 19) dialog: No, you don’t know anything about me -- (re: Madison/Jeri-Lynn) -- or them, or what our lives are, or why we’re here.
45) 21) dialog: You never asked. Raya takes this in. Notices Hutch and the rest of the Cla looking at her. She slowly moves to the back of the coach, slinks down in her seat.
59) 0) text: The other girls are working out. Kirsten is jogging on a treadmill. A figure enters -- at first obscured by equipment and mov bodies -- but eventually we see -- RAYA IS BACK -- along her BLACK HAIR -- pale GOTH MAKE-UP -- PIERCINGS and ROCK CHICK clothes. She passes Hutch, who registers the change. Passes Jeri-Lynn and Madison -- climbs onto the treadmill next to Kirsten, begins jogging. Kirsten glances at her. Raya speeds up her treadmill until she is running. Kirsten does the same, keeping pace --
60) 0) text: Another taxing BURDEN RUN with heavy sandbags. Kirsten is ahead, Raya trailing. Hutch watches -- as Raya pushing herself harder and harder -- begins to gain on Kirsten. With great effort, Raya passes Kirsten -- reaches the tir flip. Hutch watches as the girls begin to flip their tires. Onc Twice. It’s a race to the finish. Neck and neck. Raya notices Madison to her left, struggling once again - ignores her -- flips her tire for a third time -- -- moves ahead of Kirsten and Jeri-Lynn. She drops her ti Dashes for the finish -- -- when she stops -- A quizzical look crosses Hutch’s face -- -- as Raya doubles back. Runs over to Madison -- still struggling with her tire -- and begins to scream in her f 92 93 94 95 90.
61) 0) text: Kirsten glides through the length of the pool. She climbs out, reaches for a towel lying on her SUN LOUNGER. Sittin her lounger is Raya's Ultimate Warrior cuddly toy -- anda POST-IT NOTE stuck to him that reads: "FOR YOUR DAUGHTER" Kirsten picks it up -- surprised.
62) 0) text: Raya, Kirsten, Madison and Jeri-Lynn work through a routi which segues into --
66) 0) text: Kirsten, Jeri-Lynn and Madison sign pictures, pout and po for photos with male fans -- jocks, middle-aged men, fath with teenage sons. Raya is ignored. She heads for the TOUR BUS when -- -- three GOTH/ALT TEENAGERS step forward nervously.
84) 0) text: Raya makes the long walk to the stage, chaperoned by Hutc They pass Kirsten, Jeri-Lynn and Madison, who gives Raya thumbs up. Raya and Hutch reach the ENTRANCE to the ‘GORILLA POSITIO last stop before the auditorium -- the cameras -- the cro INT. aRENA - niceT [J 124 AJ parades with the CHAMPIONSHIP BELT, arrogantly proclai her greatness.
98) 0) text: Raya jumps from the ring -- camera in her face as she mel into tears. She enters the TUNNEL leading backstage -- me Kirsten, Jeri-Lynn and Madison. The girls embrace. Over their shoulders, Raya notices Hutch. With a nod and a flicker of smile, he tells her he’s prou and she understands.