3) 2) text: Butch's voice continues as Frank calmly absorbs the information, while at the same time.
4) 0) text: A tableau of impending danger.  Thick black OIL bleeds fr teh truck onto the street...pouring underneath the rig... into the MANHOLE. POLICE urgently cordon off the area, evacuating the worke EMERGENCY PERSONNEL deal with the badly injured TRUCK DRI Firemen wedge sandbags between the hull of the truck and three-quarters covered manhole -- trying to divert the oi away from the underground vault. FIRE COMMANDER O'CONNELL yells at his men to finish the j and get the hell away. The BIG TRUCKS ARRIVE.  PUMPER ENGINE and Frank's LADDER TRUCK -- rapidly guided into position by men on the groun Frank, Gibson, Butch and the rest of the unit are on the ground instantly and ready for orders.  They are looking nightmare ready to happen.  Frank takes in everything. FIRE COMMANDER O'CONNELL and a CON ED SUPERVISOR approach
4) 1) dialog: (deep irony) A fun one.
4) 12) text: Frank has been staring at the capsized rig. Butch knows what he's thinking.  But it's too late.  Fran gone...slogging through the oozing oil to the hull of the tanker.  He kneels over the three-quarters covered manhol using a flashlight to peer into the darkness below.  Spar from the loose cables spit off flashes of light as the ca hiss and slap against the ceiling and walls of the vault.
6) 0) text: Frank and Gibson descend into the tunnel, strap lights on their leather helmets to illuminate the damp darkness.  T race down the subterranean passage.  The stench is thick. Butch's voice suddenly booms out of the walkie-talkie:
6) 1) dialog: (via walkie) Frank, you hear me?  Frank?
6) 3) dialog: (via walkie) The gas level is getting serious. The underground's combustible - it could flashover.  I want you to abort!  Now! Get the hell out of there!
6) 9) dialog: (via walkie) Frank, where are you?
8) 0) text: Frank, Gibson and the Con Ed men scramble towards the manhole.  Butch and another fireman are waiting up top. help the men -- who are covered in oil and slime -- up on the street.  And then they all tear away from the manhole...around a corner... collapsing on the pavement against a building.
8) 3) text: Frank looks over at the hyperventilating Butch and smiles
43) 0) text: The same Little League field that Frank circled on his Ha yesterday, October 10, 1969.  And the same field at which John sat in the stands drinking last night, October 10, 1 We are in the 9th inning of a friendly SOFTBALL GAME betw the local COPS and FIREMEN.  A lot of NYPD and FDNY T-shi sweats and caps.  Plenty of Mets stuff, too. Having made the catch, Frank coolly pulls the ball from h mitt as he starts running toward the infield diamond. Tagging up at 3rd, sorely tempted to try for home is SATC DELEON, 30, NYPD Detective.  Satch feints for the plate, Frank feints the throw.  For a maddening, gleeful moment, Frank has Satch caught between 3rd and home. In the STANDS, Johnny Sullivan, Marge Hersch and the FAMI of the other ballplayers scream for whomever they want to this game of chicken. On the SIDELINES, Johnny, Gordo and the other KIDS servin BATBOYS and WATERBOYS, jump around in anticipation. At HOME, Butch Foster stations himself to take the throw. Suddenly, Satch fakes to 3rd, then bolts for home.  Frank pegs it to Butch, who tags the sliding Satch.  Game over.
53) 0) text: GAME 2 plays on TV.  Butch, Gibson and the rest of the un sit around enjoying the game.  A very distracted Frank st watching from the doorway to the kitchen. We are in the bottom of the 9th with the Baltimore Oriole Brooks Robinson coming to the plate.
53) 2) text: SUDDENLY THE ALARM SOUNDS, moving the groaning firemen reluctantly to action, and freezing Frank in surging anxi Gibson is up and passing Frank...who begins to move like in a trance. A RAPID MONTAGE of Frank, Butch and the others readying t head out.  Gibson grabs a little TRANSISTOR RADIO.
53) 3) dialog: Let's move it, gentlemen...three alarm. Lit up abandoned warehouse.  West 49th.
57) 0) text: Located off the East River in lower Manhattan.  The 9th Battalion Fire trucks are first on the scene.  A couple o GREEN & WHITES are already there, uniform cops keeping a onlookers at a safe distance. FLAMES shoot out from the 4th and 5th FLOOR WINDOWS. Starting to lick their way up to the 6th floor and roof. SMOKE billows out of the windows on the 3rd and 2nd floor Lighter smoke spirals out from the door on the 1st floor. Frank, Gibson and other firemen under Butch's command tak stock of the situation and start to deploy. HOSES are run from HYDRANTS to the PUMPER TRUCKS. The LADDER is swung into position for an assault on the r
57) 2) dialog: Thank God it's abandoned. (to the men) Surround and drown...nobody goes in.
57) 5) dialog: What?
57) 15) text: Frank looks to Butch.  A beat.  Butch gives him the nod. Frank and Gibson gear up and go.
59) 0) text: Frank and Gibson step into the warehouse.  Butch behind t Flames haven't reached this area yet, but the ROAR of the fire above them is deafening, and smoke billows down THE STAIRWAY before them.  They sprint towards it and start u ONE FLOOR.  TWO FLOORS.  THREE FLOORS, and suddenly they face to face with a WALL OF FIRE blocking access to the 4 floor. Frank and Gibson stop and stare into the inferno.
59) 4) text: And he barrels through the line of fire onto the 4th floo Gibson starts to do the same when the 5th floor gives way above Frank, sending burning timber and debris cascading around him and cutting off Gibson's route. Now Frank's only way to go is up the stairs toward the 5t floor.  He turns to Gibson.  Coming up behind him is Butc Across a gulf of flames Frank yells and waves at them to the hell out.  And then suddenly, part of the 3rd floor around Gibson and Butch starts to go.
59) 6) text: Frank turns and bolts for the 5th floor as a huge flaming BEAM CRASHES down onto the stairway behind him, forcing Gibson and Butch to scramble like hell back down the stai
60) 4) dialog: (over walkie) Billy, you better get up top.
64) 0) text: Butch and Gibson exit the warehouse past the HOSE CREW already working its way into the building. They look up to the top of the warehouse where the LADDER haltingly inching its way up the side of the building.
68) 0) text: Butch and Gibson are now by the base of the LADDER TRUCK which is near the canal side of the building.  Butch scre at the ladder OPERATOR.
68) 1) dialog: What the fuck, GINO!  Tell me!
68) 3) dialog: (into walkie) Frank!  Frank!
74) 0) text: THEY'RE AIRBORNE.  Frank and the girl.  Floating in SLOW MOTION out over the CANAL and landing in the water betwee the WAREHOUSE DOCK and the FIREBOAT. A YELL snaps Butch's and Gibson's attention to what is happening.  Gibson starts running for the CANAL, ripping his coat and hat before leaping into the water.  But Fran getting pulled down by his fire tank and the weight of th girl.  Finally, Gibson reaches him, taking the girl.  Fra quickly sheds his jacket and the tank. Butch stands watching on the dock.  He takes a moment to close his eyes in thankful prayer.
85) 0) text: THE NIGHTMARE REPEATS - like some horrible instant replay MEN and WOMEN, standing and sitting, seen only from the w down.  All wearing dark clothes and speaking in hushed voices.  FLASHES OF FACES SWIMMING INTO THE POV...indisti blurring into each other.  Is that UNCLE BUTCH?  SATCH?