3) 2) text: Butch's voice continues as Frank calmly absorbs the information, while at the same time.
3) 3) dialog: (re: rain) Oh, man.  Hope it ain't like this in Baltimore tomorrow.
3) 5) dialog: The game, Graham.  The Series?
3) 8) dialog: Hey, Rookie.  Be cool.  Just stay with me.  This is what we do.
3) 10) text: Frank laughs.  Gibson grins, relaxes a bit.  Frank checks ROLEX DIVER'S WATCH.  Multiple SIRENS fill the dawn.
3) 11) dialog: It's 5:30, Gib.
3) 13) text: Frank's eyes harden.  His game face sets up.
4) 0) text: A tableau of impending danger.  Thick black OIL bleeds fr teh truck onto the street...pouring underneath the rig... into the MANHOLE. POLICE urgently cordon off the area, evacuating the worke EMERGENCY PERSONNEL deal with the badly injured TRUCK DRI Firemen wedge sandbags between the hull of the truck and three-quarters covered manhole -- trying to divert the oi away from the underground vault. FIRE COMMANDER O'CONNELL yells at his men to finish the j and get the hell away. The BIG TRUCKS ARRIVE.  PUMPER ENGINE and Frank's LADDER TRUCK -- rapidly guided into position by men on the groun Frank, Gibson, Butch and the rest of the unit are on the ground instantly and ready for orders.  They are looking nightmare ready to happen.  Frank takes in everything. FIRE COMMANDER O'CONNELL and a CON ED SUPERVISOR approach
4) 2) dialog: Yep.
4) 4) text: Frank looks at the tanker over the manhole.  There is now nobody around it.
4) 5) dialog: Why haven't they killed the juice?
4) 7) dialog: You're shitting me!
4) 9) dialog: We gotta go underground.  Get those guys out, now.
4) 12) text: Frank has been staring at the capsized rig. Butch knows what he's thinking.  But it's too late.  Fran gone...slogging through the oozing oil to the hull of the tanker.  He kneels over the three-quarters covered manhol using a flashlight to peer into the darkness below.  Spar from the loose cables spit off flashes of light as the ca hiss and slap against the ceiling and walls of the vault.
4) 13) dialog: This is the Fire Department.  Frank Sullivan.  You guys okay?
4) 15) dialog: That's exactly what we're gonna do.
4) 16) text: And Frank is up, heading for his truck, signaling Gibson.
4) 17) dialog: (yells to Con Ed Supervisor) How do we get to the vault door?
4) 20) text: Frank grabs a "halaghan claw tool" and a walkie-talkie. Gibson nervously picks out two helmet lights...and they a off and running.
4) 21) dialog: (yelling back) I can do it, Butch.  Me and my 'tank man' here.
5) 0) text: Frank uses the "adz" to rip open the heavy manhole cover.
6) 0) text: Frank and Gibson descend into the tunnel, strap lights on their leather helmets to illuminate the damp darkness.  T race down the subterranean passage.  The stench is thick. Butch's voice suddenly booms out of the walkie-talkie:
6) 2) dialog: (into walkie) Yeah, Butch?
6) 4) text: Frank picks up the pace.  Charges ahead.  Guy's got balls
6) 6) dialog: (calling back to him) Stay with me, Gib.  We're gonna do this.
6) 8) text: Frank reaches the rusted 'submarine-like' VAULT DOOR.  Po on the door... a faint response.  He goes to work on it w the halaghan tool.  Gibson arrives...pretty rattled.  Fra gives him a wink and a smile.  It's gonna be okay.
6) 10) text: Frank digs down, suddenly the DOOR GIVES WAY Oil and water rush from the VAULT, pouring over Frank and Gibson, foaming into the tunnel.  But the door is mounted three feet off the ground.  There is still three feet of and water trapped inside.  And the smell of gas is now overwhelming...
6) 11) dialog: (into walkie) We're in, Butch.
6) 12) text: Frank probes the dark vault with the FLASHLIGHT BLADE. Through smoke we see TWO MEN huddled in the corner, trapp by three loose 'HOT' CABLES - WHIPPING AROUND THE TINY VA LIKE AN ELECTRIC HYDRA.  Con Ed Worker #2 shivers, ankle broken, leaning on older Con Ed Worker #1.
6) 13) dialog: Time to go home, fellas.
6) 14) text: Gibson sprays the room, clearing out most of the smoke. Frank steps into the vault.
6) 16) text: Frank drops to his knees, ducking under the cables, shuff to center of the vault.  Places his hands at opposite end the halaghan tool, hoping for the cables to pass directly over his head.  A hairy beat, then... Frank jackknifes out of the water, ramming the halaghan i the ceiling.  It worked.  The teeth on the "claw-end" and spike on the "adz-end" are embedded into the concrete -- STAPLING THE CABLES TO THE CEILING.  Make that balls of steel.
6) 17) dialog: Go, Gibby!  Everybody move it.
6) 18) text: Gibson and Con Ed worker #1 help injured Worker #2 out of vault.  Frank checks to make sure they've cleared the vau and lets go of the tool. Frank jumps into the tunnel, hoists the injured worker ov his back and races back down the tunnel.
6) 19) dialog: (to Gibson) Haul ass, that claw ain't gonna hold for long... (into walkie) Take cover -- she's gonna flash!
8) 0) text: Frank, Gibson and the Con Ed men scramble towards the manhole.  Butch and another fireman are waiting up top. help the men -- who are covered in oil and slime -- up on the street.  And then they all tear away from the manhole...around a corner... collapsing on the pavement against a building.
8) 2) dialog: You did good, Gib.  Real good.
8) 3) text: Frank looks over at the hyperventilating Butch and smiles
8) 4) dialog: Elvis has left the building.
9) 0) text: Inside the tunnel.  Dark.  Moving fast.  Flashes of LIGHT bounce off the shiny tile walls.  The deep throated ROAR '67 HARLEY battles with Martha & the Vandellas' HEAT WAVE We are with Frank, wearing a leather jacket with the insi of his fire-fighting unit emblazoned on it, and a New Yor Mets BASEBALL CAP pulled down tight, as he rockets his chopper through traffic, out of the tunnel, and up into..
10) 0) text: CREDIT MONTAGE begins as Frank cruises home.  It has STOP RAINING.  Frank passes by billboards and other evidence o the approaching METS/BALTIMORE ORIOLES World Series. He circles a LITTLE LEAGUE ball field waving to some OLDSTERS.
11) 0) text: Frank glides the Harley alongside his house.  A feisty DALMATIAN PUPPY ELVIS barks his welcome from behind a fen Feeling fatigued, Frank dismounts and enters teh backyard playing for a moment with Elvis while he uprights a TRAIN BICYCLE, tidies up BASEBALL EQUIPMENT, and glances up at HAM RADIO ANTENNA secured to the roof, before entering through a backdoor.  There is a sense of routine to all t
13) 0) text: A radio in the bedroom is tuned to sports news.  Frank so in a hot bath.  He looks like he might fall asleep - and does. CREDITS END.
14) 0) text: CRASH!  A SOFTBALL BLOWS through the window from the BACKYARD, landing on the rug next to the bed.  Frank bolt awake, staring at the busted window. He checks the clock.  It is 5:15.  He steps to the broken window.  SEVERAL SMALL BOYS scurry from the yard.  Two others, JOHNNY SULLIVAN and GORDO HERSCH, both 6, stand frozen in place.  Elvis tears in circles around them.  Al very quiet.  Then, from somewhere beyond the bedroom door HEAR The Beatles' BACK IN THE THE USSR...
15) 2) text: Adorable, sweet and strong.  Strawberry blonde hair, sapp eyes, soft earthy vibe.  A beauty. Frank, wearing FDNY sweats, moves into the kitchen flippi the softball from hand to hand.  Julia turns to him and r her eyes at the sight of the ball.  Say no more.
15) 3) dialog: Hey, bud.
16) 0) text: Johnny stands nervously outside the door.  Elvis sits at side.  Gordo watches from the safety of his own porch nex door.  Frank opens the screen door, casts a stern look do at his son.
16) 1) dialog: Looks like two weeks worth of allowance, Chief.
16) 3) dialog: Glad to hear that.
16) 4) text: And Frank drops the softball into Johnny's mitt, closes t screen door and turns back into the kitchen.  Johnny turn away into the yard.
18) 1) dialog: (calling to Julia) How about a little of the King?
18) 3) text: Julia crosses her eyes, as if she could stop him.  Frank moves to change records.
19) 2) dialog: You alright?
19) 4) text: As Elvis' SUSPICIOUS MINDS plays, Frank steps back in, mo up behind Julia, and takes her in his arms.
19) 5) dialog: What's the matter, Jules?  Trouble workin' an eight hour shift, watching the kid and whipping up a little bolognese?
19) 7) dialog: I'd go with you and Chinese take-out over her any time.
19) 8) text: And he turns her around and they start to dance as Frank sings along to Elvis, badly.
19) 9) dialog: (singing lyrics) Caught in a trap, I can't walk out, because I love you too much b-b-baby.
19) 12) dialog: The usual.
19) 13) text: Frank spots Johnny and Gordo staring at them.  He winks a the boys and swings Julia into a Fred Astaire dip.
19) 15) dialog: Did he?
19) 17) dialog: It was under control, Bud.  Butchy's just getting tight in his old age.
19) 19) text: With a laugh, Frank drops Julia into another dip.  As the music fades, we...
20) 0) text: CLOSE ON: BICYCLE TRAINING WHEELS lying on the sidewalk. Johnny is precariously perched on his fire engine red BICYCLE.  He wears a police badge and a whistle around hi neck.  Frank stands beside him, holding on to the bike se We're on a quiet side street next to house.  It's the las light of the day. Hold on Johnny's eyes...fear.
20) 1) dialog: Okay, start pedaling.
20) 3) dialog: Don't think about falling, just keep pedaling.
20) 5) dialog: C'mon, Chief, show some guts.
20) 6) text: Johnny takes a gulp of air, doesn't want to disappoint hi father, nods okay. He starts pedaling.  Slowly moving forward.  Frank holds to the seat.  Frank's still hanging on - jogging along si
20) 7) dialog: I'm gonna let go!
20) 8) text: Frank let's go.  Johnny's pumping those little six year-o legs, but he starts to wobble out of control -- CRASH! Johnny starts to cry, quickly gets up and runs back to th house.  Julia comes out of the kitchen door.  Johnny runs into her arms.
20) 9) dialog: Don't quit on me now, Chief.
20) 10) text: Johnny tears himself from Julia's arms, runs inside. Frustrated, Frank lights up another cigarette.
20) 12) text: Frank takes a deep drag on the butt.  Steps onto the YARD stares up at the starry night.
21) 0) text: JOHNNY'S POV: Frank standing in the yard, wishing on a st Johnny looks up at the sky and makes a wish of his own.
29) 2) text: BANG.  Slams down the phone.  And stares around the room. WE'VE BEEN IN THIS HOUSE BEFORE -- 29 YEARS AGO.  This wa Frank and Julia sullivan's house.  Time has not been good it.  Furnishings haven't changed much, but the house is missing the warmth it had when a family filled it with lo John's eyes dart to a PHOTOGRAPH next to the desk.  It is picture of THE SULLIVAN FAMILY from back then.  Too many memories.  He grabs his coat, heads out...
35) 0) text: Glass doors separate the study from the family room.  The RADIO is set on a dusty wooden desk.  Scotch-taped to the of the radio is a diagram for the radio setup and "QSL" cards: certificates from around the world acknowledging "contact" with "WB2YXB" -- FRANK SULLIVAN, BAYSIDE NY. Gordo hooks up the radio.  Gordy Jr. shuts off the TV.
37) 13) dialog: (over radio) CQ 15, here is WB2YXB, by for call.
38) 1) dialog: CQ 15, come in 15.
38) 4) dialog: WB2YKXB, who've I got?
38) 6) text: In the BACKGROUND of FRANK'S VOICE, we barely hear WALTER CRONKITE interviewing someone.
38) 7) dialog: Are you licensed to broadcast, buddy?
38) 9) dialog: Listen, you can't broadcast without a license.  Unless this is an emergency, you gotta get off the band.
38) 12) dialog: Where are you transmitting from?
38) 14) dialog: Whatta ya know.  Bayside, born and raised.
38) 16) dialog: 15-band closes down at night.  During the day you can chew the band with China if you want.
38) 19) dialog: Can you hold on a second?
38) 21) dialog: Sorry 'bout that.  So Queens, you psyched for the Series?
38) 23) dialog: What?
38) 25) dialog: Fed up?  Lemme tell you something, in a 1000 years, when school kids study America, they're gonna learn about three things: the Constitution, Rock 'n' Roll, and Baseball.
38) 27) dialog: How can you live in Queens and not love the Amazin's?
38) 31) dialog: (through static) I'm right with you, man.  He's got the heart of a lion.  Hey, how 'bout the first game of the Series?
38) 34) dialog: No way, brother.  Ain't gonna happen.
39) 2) dialog: Hello, Queens.  You there?
39) 3) text: Silence.  The signal is gone.  Frank leans forward, jiggl the frequency dial, trying to regain the signal.  No luck Slightly frustrated, he stands and opens the glass doors the family room where Julia is watching TV - a very young STEPHEN HAWKING is being interviewed by WALTER CRONKITE,
39) 5) dialog: (a little distracted) Sure.
40) 0) text: John, dog tired and more than a little wasted, gets up fr the desk, inadvertently leaving the Ham Radio ON, and shuffles for the family room through the glass doors. CAMERA HOLDS, CLOSE on the GLASS PANE...CRACKED in the ex same spot where Frank knocked into it 29-YEARS AGO.
41) 0) text: Frank unpins the police badge from Johnny's shirt, takes whistle from around his neck.  He pulls up the covers and softly kisses Johnny's forehead.  You can tell he loves t kid more than anything in the world.
41) 1) dialog: (lullaby-like) Take me out to the ballgame, take me out with the crowd.  Buy me some peanuts and cracker jack...
43) 0) text: The same Little League field that Frank circled on his Ha yesterday, October 10, 1969.  And the same field at which John sat in the stands drinking last night, October 10, 1 We are in the 9th inning of a friendly SOFTBALL GAME betw the local COPS and FIREMEN.  A lot of NYPD and FDNY T-shi sweats and caps.  Plenty of Mets stuff, too. Having made the catch, Frank coolly pulls the ball from h mitt as he starts running toward the infield diamond. Tagging up at 3rd, sorely tempted to try for home is SATC DELEON, 30, NYPD Detective.  Satch feints for the plate, Frank feints the throw.  For a maddening, gleeful moment, Frank has Satch caught between 3rd and home. In the STANDS, Johnny Sullivan, Marge Hersch and the FAMI of the other ballplayers scream for whomever they want to this game of chicken. On the SIDELINES, Johnny, Gordo and the other KIDS servin BATBOYS and WATERBOYS, jump around in anticipation. At HOME, Butch Foster stations himself to take the throw. Suddenly, Satch fakes to 3rd, then bolts for home.  Frank pegs it to Butch, who tags the sliding Satch.  Game over.
43) 2) dialog: (jogging in) Luck, my ass.
43) 3) text: They square off.  Pretending to fight.  Julia steps betwe them.  And they all descend into laughter. Frank and Satch each wrap an arm around Julia and start o Within a step, Johnny slips in under Frank's other arm.
43) 4) dialog: (to Johnny) See that, kid.  Practice.  Practice.
47) 22) text: Julia glances at an old photo of Frank, then back to John
48) 1) text: Frank's dog, Elvis.  Poking his nose in a carton of Chine take-out on the floor.  An arm drops into frame - scruffs puppy's back.  The Rolex diver's watch tells us the arm belongs to Frank.
48) 2) text: Frank sitting at his desk.  He fires up an unfiltered LUC STRIKE, pops a Rheingold.  Next to him a Daily News headl NASA INVESTIGATES SPACE STORM.
48) 3) dialog: ...WB2YXB calling unidentified station, Queens.  CQ 15.
48) 5) dialog: I been Q-ing you all night.  How the hell did you do it?
48) 7) dialog: The World Series.  You called Buford's homer.
48) 9) dialog: What are you talking about?  I'm talking about this afternoon.
48) 11) text: Frank puts his finger on the squawk bar, about to say something, but just at that moment his son Johnny appears the doorway in his pajamas.
48) 13) dialog: (to Johnny) I'll be up soon, Little Chief.
49) 1) dialog: Sorry 'bout that.
49) 3) dialog: Oh, that was my kid.
49) 4) text: John looks up at the photo on the wall: FRANK, JULIA AND YEAR OLD JOHNNY SULLIVAN (CIRCA 1969).  A beat, then:
49) 6) dialog: Uh huh...
49) 9) dialog: Frank...Frank Sullivan.
49) 12) dialog: Look pal, I'm just askin' how you...
49) 14) dialog: Right...and I'm asking how you called the game.
49) 16) dialog: What the hell does Gordy have to do with it?
49) 19) dialog: W...B...2...YXB.
49) 22) dialog: What?
49) 25) dialog: 29 years...?
49) 29) dialog: What the hell...
49) 31) dialog: I'm not dreaming.
49) 35) dialog: Christ!
49) 36) text: Frank beats out the flame with the newspaper.
49) 38) dialog: (lying) Nothing...I just spilled something.
49) 42) dialog: What?
49) 44) dialog: What's happening?
49) 49) dialog: That's impossible.
49) 53) dialog: Johnny...?
49) 54) text: Shockwave.  A long moment of absorption.  INTERCUT Frank John.
49) 55) dialog: How could this be happening?
49) 57) dialog: We gotta be bouncing off the mother sun spot of all time.
49) 59) dialog: Yeah, that's how Hams work.
49) 61) text: Frank glances at DAILY NEWS HEADLINE - SPACE STORM.  He s nothing for a long beat, struggling to understand.
49) 62) dialog: You sound...ground up...?
49) 64) dialog: Thirty-five?  That would make it...
49) 66) text: Frank pulls back from the radio...
49) 67) dialog: 1998...?  This is wrong.  Who are you? Why are you doing this?
49) 69) text: John's voice has a conviction that Frank cannot deny.
49) 70) dialog: It's really you, isn't it?
49) 73) dialog: Thirty-five?  Jesus, you're almost as old as I am... (long beat) What's your life like?  You married?  Got kids?
49) 76) dialog: Too busy playin' ball, huh?
49) 79) dialog: You happy?
49) 81) dialog: You're still my Little Chief, right?
49) 85) dialog: I think I'm losing you.
49) 87) dialog: It's okay.  I'm still here, Chief.
49) 90) dialog: What are you talking about?
49) 92) dialog: What?
49) 94) dialog: Why?
49) 96) dialog: On the job?
49) 98) dialog: That can't be...that's not gonna happen.
49) 100) dialog: When?
49) 103) dialog: But that's tomorrow.
49) 107) dialog: I don't understand.
50) 0) text: Moonlight casts a glow over the sleeping Johnny.  Frank s in and stands looking down at him.
53) 0) text: GAME 2 plays on TV.  Butch, Gibson and the rest of the un sit around enjoying the game.  A very distracted Frank st watching from the doorway to the kitchen. We are in the bottom of the 9th with the Baltimore Oriole Brooks Robinson coming to the plate.
53) 2) text: SUDDENLY THE ALARM SOUNDS, moving the groaning firemen reluctantly to action, and freezing Frank in surging anxi Gibson is up and passing Frank...who begins to move like in a trance. A RAPID MONTAGE of Frank, Butch and the others readying t head out.  Gibson grabs a little TRANSISTOR RADIO.
53) 4) text: Frank looks like he's going to throw up.
55) 2) text: Frank seems not to hear him.
55) 4) dialog: I'm alright, Gibby.
55) 5) text: From the RADIO we HEAR the last play of the game as Brook Robinson grounds out 3rd to 1st.  METS WIN!  CHEERS are h in the streets and from the CABS of the racing fire truck Gibson whoops it up.  Frank barely acknowledges the win.
57) 0) text: Located off the East River in lower Manhattan.  The 9th Battalion Fire trucks are first on the scene.  A couple o GREEN & WHITES are already there, uniform cops keeping a onlookers at a safe distance. FLAMES shoot out from the 4th and 5th FLOOR WINDOWS. Starting to lick their way up to the 6th floor and roof. SMOKE billows out of the windows on the 3rd and 2nd floor Lighter smoke spirals out from the door on the 1st floor. Frank, Gibson and other firemen under Butch's command tak stock of the situation and start to deploy. HOSES are run from HYDRANTS to the PUMPER TRUCKS. The LADDER is swung into position for an assault on the r
57) 3) text: Frank nods in agreement.  Directly above them, another BO OF LIGHTNING CRACKS through the darkening sky. A death shudder creeps up Frank's spine.  And for the fir time in his life, Frank Sullivan is SCARED SHITLESS. Frank stares up at the sky, transfixed.  THUNDER punches sky with a huge roar.  RAIN starts to fall. And in the distance, as if from inside the burning buildi a FAINT SCREAMING is first heard, and growing louder.
57) 4) dialog: Hear that?
57) 8) text: Immediately galvanized, Frank moves to the girl.
57) 9) dialog: Hey, hey.  It's gonna be okay.  We're gonna help.  Okay?   Okay.
57) 11) dialog: Now tell me, who's up there?
57) 13) dialog: Where?
57) 15) text: Frank looks to Butch.  A beat.  Butch gives him the nod. Frank and Gibson gear up and go.
59) 0) text: Frank and Gibson step into the warehouse.  Butch behind t Flames haven't reached this area yet, but the ROAR of the fire above them is deafening, and smoke billows down THE STAIRWAY before them.  They sprint towards it and start u ONE FLOOR.  TWO FLOORS.  THREE FLOORS, and suddenly they face to face with a WALL OF FIRE blocking access to the 4 floor. Frank and Gibson stop and stare into the inferno.
59) 1) dialog: It looks open on the other side.
59) 3) dialog: One way to find out.
59) 4) text: And he barrels through the line of fire onto the 4th floo Gibson starts to do the same when the 5th floor gives way above Frank, sending burning timber and debris cascading around him and cutting off Gibson's route. Now Frank's only way to go is up the stairs toward the 5t floor.  He turns to Gibson.  Coming up behind him is Butc Across a gulf of flames Frank yells and waves at them to the hell out.  And then suddenly, part of the 3rd floor around Gibson and Butch starts to go.
59) 5) dialog: (screaming over fire) Get out...while you still can...
59) 6) text: Frank turns and bolts for the 5th floor as a huge flaming BEAM CRASHES down onto the stairway behind him, forcing Gibson and Butch to scramble like hell back down the stai
59) 7) dialog: (soft) ...it's not your time.
60) 3) dialog: (into walkie) Then fuckin' find it. (heading in) I'm going for the girl.
62) 1) dialog: (reaching 6th floor) Glad to hear it.  See you on top.
62) 2) text: FIRE has torched OPEN a GAPING HOLE IN THE ROOF. Frank peers around through the smoke and fire and rain. he sees, huddled in the temporary saftey of the corner of OFFICE, but trapped by a fallen CONDUIT, the GIRL, passed from smoke inhalation.
62) 3) dialog: (into walkie) I've found the girl.
65) 0) text: The fire on this floor is now a raging inferno.  Flames s up from the stairway below through the open roof.  Surrou by fire, Frank, carrying the girl, strides for what looks like a WINDOW on the south side of the floor.
65) 1) dialog: (into walkie) It's real hot in here, Billy.  I'm coming out quick.
65) 2) text: But apprehension rips across Frank's eyes as he reaches t window and looks down to see.
67) 1) dialog: Oh mother...
69) 1) dialog: I know, Butch.  I know.
69) 2) text: Frank clicks off the walkie-talkie and turns to survey th hell around him.  The STAIRWAY IS GONE. To the RIGHT is a DOOR, flames around it, but none coming from the room beyond it. To the LEFT, another DOOR, a metal one, this one surround by fire - flames licking out all around it from room beyo EASY CHOICE.  Frank turns, heads towards DOOR ON THE RIGH No.  Wait.  HE STOPS.  SOMETHING'S WRONG.  HEART POUNDING
69) 7) text: And for the first time in his life, Frank Sullivan goes against his instincts and his training as he... TURNS BACK AROUND AND GOES THE OTHER WAY.
71) 0) text: Franks reaches the door on the LEFT.  White heat and flam shoot everywhere...A FUCKING FURNACE.  He tires to open i IT'S LOCKED!  WHAM!  Frank kicks at it.  WHAM!  WHAM!  Th door blows open and flames leap out, the energy of the bl tossing Frank and the unconscious girl back onto the floo fire surging over their heads.  But then... He sees something on the other side of the doorway, insid the room, on the far wall.: A SMALL METAL SWINGING DOOR.
72) 0) text: Frank cradles the girl.  Gets down on his knees, crawling under the heat.  Reaching the SWINGING DOOR.  Pushes it o revealing: A smooth metal SPIRAL SEED BAG CHUTE. Frank rips open his jacket and bundles the girl to him. works himself and the girl onto the top of the chute. The ROOM BEGINS TO SHAKE.  BRICKS TUMBLE OUT OF THE WALL. The whole GODDAMN BUILDING is going to COLLAPSE. Frank lurches forward until he and the girl start to move down the chute.
73) 0) text: As Frank and the girl plunge through the bowels of the inferno...large portions of the building begins disintegrating around them...a giant storm of BRICKS, MOR METAL AND BURNING WOOD biting their tails... Gaining speed through each up-rushing floor...5-4-3-2...F and the girl zoom down towards the END OF THE SLIDE only find IT'S BOARDED UP.  OH SHIT! Frank grips the girl tight, raises his BOOTS, bends his knees, and like a HUMAN BATTERING RAM, SMASHES THROUGH TH
74) 0) text: THEY'RE AIRBORNE.  Frank and the girl.  Floating in SLOW MOTION out over the CANAL and landing in the water betwee the WAREHOUSE DOCK and the FIREBOAT. A YELL snaps Butch's and Gibson's attention to what is happening.  Gibson starts running for the CANAL, ripping his coat and hat before leaping into the water.  But Fran getting pulled down by his fire tank and the weight of th girl.  Finally, Gibson reaches him, taking the girl.  Fra quickly sheds his jacket and the tank. Butch stands watching on the dock.  He takes a moment to close his eyes in thankful prayer.
74) 2) dialog: (starting to giggle) Elvis has left the building.
74) 3) text: Hitting the water has shot the girl back to consciousness look passes between her and Gibson.  A look he won't forg SILENCE.  Then the thunderous SOUND of the WAREHOUSE CAVI IN on itself, sending flames shooting high into the sky. Frank lies back, floating on the water, the rain pelting around him, letting the miracle of it all, take him over.
74) 4) dialog: (soft) Little Chief.
77) 1) dialog: (into radio mic) Johnny?  Johnny?  You there?  C'mon, Chief, answer me...
77) 2) text: Nothing but static.  Frank jiggles the frequency dial.
77) 3) dialog: Chief? (louder) Chief, are you there?
77) 6) text: Frank turns.  Johnny, sleepy faced, wrapped in his blanki stands just outside the room - he looks a little scared.
77) 7) dialog: It's okay, Chief. (beat) C'mere.
77) 8) text: Johnny shuffles over, Frank lifts him up on his knee - brushes the hair out of his face...and gets an idea.
78) 0) text: Streetlights flood the tree-lined street.  Frank & Johnny standing next to the little red bicycle.
78) 1) dialog: Okay, partner, whatta you say we tame this bronco.
78) 2) text: Johnny's eyes: SHAME & FEAR - doesn't want to disappoint father again, but too scared to get on the bike.  Frank reaches out, holds Johnny's hand.
78) 4) dialog: Don't be scared.  This time I'm right behind you if you fall.
78) 6) dialog: No, but we can.  We can do it together. Spirit and guts, Chief.
78) 7) text: A long beat.  Johnny takes a deep breath, nods OK, slowly getting on the bike.  Frank's holding on to the seat.
78) 8) dialog: Take your time.  I'm not gonna let go 'til you say okay.
78) 10) dialog: You ready?
78) 12) dialog: I'm right here behind you...
78) 13) text: Frank's still running alongside, holding on to the seat.
78) 15) text: Frank lets go.  Johnny keeps pumping those little six-yea old legs.  A bit wobbly at first, but he's gonna make it. Johnny's eyes: determination & self-confidence.
78) 16) dialog: (clapping) Yes!  That's it!  You got it, you got it! Way to go, Chief!
78) 19) dialog: (under his breath) Atta boy.
78) 20) text: Johnny blissfully riding around Frank in a big gentle cir Frank slowly spins around keeping his eyes on his Little Chief.
79) 0) text: John walks in the front door, takes off his coat... The house looks different.  Cleaner, furnishings less rag John moves through his home, taking in the subtle changes He reaches the study.  And there, beside the desk, is something that makes him stop: A PHOTOGRAPH on the wall beside the desk -- FRANK, JULIA FOURTEEN YEAR-OLD JOHNNY SULLIVAN.
79) 2) text: The picture changed.  John aged from 6 to 14.  Julia's hairstyle and clothes changed from 60's to 70's.  Frank's hair receded and grayed.  Jon is staring at evidence of a history that didn't exist before. John grabs the old family scrapbook he found in Frank's trunk.  Opens it, unfolds "FIREMAN KILLED" CLIPPING. The main headline still reads: "OCTOBER 13, 1969.  AMAZIN
79) 5) dialog: (through radio) ...can you hear me?
79) 7) dialog: One hand on the squawk bar, the other holds the jack-knif is using to finish carving the letter F.
79) 9) dialog: Chief?!  Is that you?
79) 12) dialog: You're the voice of an angel, Johnny.  If you hadn't told me, no way I would'a ever made it.
79) 13) text: Frank cuts himself off in mid-sentence.
79) 15) dialog: Yeah.  I'm okay. (beat) What about you?  I want to know.  About you.  And your mom.
79) 18) dialog: Tell me.
79) 20) dialog: I'm glad.
79) 23) dialog: What, Johnny?  What is it?
79) 26) text: Frank grips the radio mic, stunned.
79) 27) dialog: I didn't think...
79) 31) dialog: (over static) You won't.  I swear to God you won't.  I love you, son.
80) 0) text: Through several glass windows a CLOCK READS: 11:52 PM. Julia and other medical personnel are working on a heart attach victim and they are winning.  She is in charge and is impressive.  Cool...efficient...expert. A sixth sense causes her to look up to see: FRANK. Standing behind the windows.  Motionless.  Gazing at his wife. Julia holds on him for a split second, concern and surpri etching across her face.  She turns back to her work, the says something to another ER nurse, who nods okay.  Satis the patient is out of the woods, she peels off her gloves heads for the door.
81) 0) text: Julia steps through the door as Frank approaches.
81) 2) dialog: Nothing.  I just wanted to see you.
81) 3) text: He takes her in his arms, snuggling his head against her neck, losing himself in the scent of her hair. FRANK (cont'd) (whisper) I'm not goin' anywhere, Jules.  For the rest of your life.
81) 4) text: It's hard to tell, we can't see his face, but it looks li Frank is crying.
81) 6) text: But Frank is silent.  So they just stand there, holding e other.  And then Julia notices the burn and scrape marks Frank's arms and neck. JULIA (cont'd) I got a bad feeling today...I was worried.
81) 7) dialog: I'm here.  Bruised but not broken.
81) 8) text: Frank pulls his head back, looks into his wife's eyes and kisses her on the mouth.  It's a long kiss. As they come up for air.
81) 10) dialog: I tucked him in at Gordo's.
81) 12) dialog: One in each ear. (beat) What would you do without me?
81) 14) text: Julia sees something through a glass door that stops her short.  A YOUNG INTERN is standing over a gurneyed PATIEN The YOUNG INTERN is changing the I.V. BAG. JULIA (cont'd) What's he doing?  Frank, I gotta...
82) 7) text: The intern steps back: "Oh shit."  Julia takes charge. The patient stirs: a SCRAGGLY HIPPIE, looks kind of like Pacino in SERPICO.  A breathing mask covers his bearded f Barely conscious, his eyes focus on Julia. After a quick double check of the patient, Julia looks up Through the glass door she can see Frank watching.
82) 8) dialog: (mouthing to words) I love you, Bud.
87) 1) text: He is CROUCHED UNDER A TABLE.  STARING AT THE CASKET.  Al Bewildered.  Crying. A MAN, seen only from teh waist down, approaches the tabl As he crouches down his face drops into the frame.  It is FRANK.  His face etched in a terrible pain.
93) 0) text: Julia is at the door watching Frank tuck Johnny in.  John wears his Mets' cap and cradles his baseball glove.  He's that exhausted/excited kid moment before sleep sets in.
93) 1) dialog: (very soft) Buy me some peanuts and cracker jack...I don't care if I never get back...
93) 4) dialog: He ain't the only one.
94) 0) text: Marvin Gaye plays from the HI-FI.  Frank grabs a beer, as Julia comes in -- putting on her coat while taking her ke from a hook.  She's wearing her nurse's uniform.
94) 2) dialog: (turning to her) Wish you weren't.
94) 4) text: Frank takes her in his arms.  Starts to move her to the music.
94) 5) dialog: Yeah, actually I do.
96) 0) text: John enters, plunks the Nightingale file on the desk.;  H stares at the FAMILY PHOTOGRAPH on the wall. JULIA IS MISSING.   A look of loss in Frank and John's fa John fingers the Nightingale file.  A nightmare. He hits the ANSWERING MACHINE BUTTON to hear Samantha's halting message.  As that plays...
98) 3) dialog: (through radio) Right here, Chief.  Sorry I lost you last night.  Damn thing keeps cutting out.
98) 6) dialog: Are you alright"?
98) 8) dialog: What?  Johnny, what's wrong?
98) 10) dialog: What?  What is it?
98) 12) dialog: Whatta you mean she's not here?
98) 14) dialog: She just died, your mother just died?
98) 17) dialog: When?
98) 19) dialog: Jesus Christ...that's...ten days from now. (beat) How?
98) 21) dialog: Johnny, I gotta know.
98) 25) dialog: Murdered?  Why?
98) 27) dialog: What kinda twisted animal.
98) 29) dialog: Whatta you mean...
98) 31) dialog: What are you talking about?
98) 33) dialog: I gotta take her away, John.  I'm gonna take your mother away.  He can't hurt her if I take her away.
98) 35) dialog: I'll warn them.
98) 37) dialog: What can we do?  You don't even know who this guy is.
98) 39) dialog: So what should I do?  Call the police? You think they'll believe me?
98) 41) dialog: I don't know, John.  I'm a fire fighter. This is...this is different.
98) 45) dialog: What if the radio stops working?  Christ, what if I can't reach you again?
98) 47) text: Frank takes a deep breath, swallows some air.
98) 48) dialog: What do I gotta do?
98) 52) text: Frank jots down teh info.
98) 53) dialog: Why not just get the cops to watch the bar?
99) 0) text: A woman waits to pay for a mini pack of Kleenex and some KAREN REYNOLDS.  A wool coat over her Nurse's uniform. Frank's and John's voices continue over the scene.
99) 1) dialog: What do I tell them?
99) 3) text: As Karen moves to the cash register, the CAMERA WIDENS TO REVEAL FRANK, awkwardly pretending to read a magazine. Frank readies to follow her when he suddenly trips over a crate of vegetables and goes down on one knee. Karen looks in the direction of the accident, and for a s second, her eyes lock with Frank's.  Embarrassed, Frank l away as he rights himself. Frank edges out of the grocery store as Karen steps into street and dodges traffic towards a corner BAR/RESTAURANT the end of the block, past a heavily overgrown VACANT LOT Frank follows Karen across the street and finds himself, as Karen enters the bar, at a point near the murder site described by John.  He pauses to stare at it.
100) 0) text: Frank enters the place.  Sort of a singles atmosphere, bu comfortable one.  It's HAPPY HOUR.  On the TV, the Mets' Hodges offers his analysis of Game 3. Frank looks about, down the bar and into an area with boo and tables.  A few folks at the bar.  A group of YOUNG WO laughing in a booth.  But NO KAREN REYNOLDS.  Frank's blo runs cold in a spasm of panic when...
100) 3) text: Frank wheels around just as Karen passes him from teh LAD ROOM.  There is the trace of a bump, enough for Karen to note of Frank.  Ad lib EXCUSE ME.  She then starts moving down teh bar towards the booth of young women. Frank checks out everyone in the bar, not knowing quite w he's looking for. Karen slips into the booth with her friends.  Ad lib HELL Frank orders a beer, but his eyes are fixed on the booth. Karen and a friend take note of Frank staring at them. Embarrassed, he turns away, checking his watch: 6:40PM. at just that moment a SCRAGGLY MAN passes by, taking a se at the end of the bar.  We have seen this man before.
103) 2) text: Frank glances at the women in the booth.  They're all loo at him, smiling.  A big one from Karen. His watch says 7:05.  Taking the new bottle, Frank steps the bar, past the Scraggly Man and walks to the booth. Charmingly shy, Frank is kind of at a loss for words.
103) 3) dialog: I was, uh, I'm not really...
103) 5) dialog: (noting wedding ring) A married fireman.
103) 7) dialog: Frank.
103) 8) text: And Frank takes a seat, sliding in next to Karen.  An awk moment for him as she takes a closer look at his face.
103) 10) dialog: I don't think so.
103) 13) dialog: I follow fires, nothing else.
105) 0) text: At the bar, the Scraggly Man stares at Frank and the wome Franks checks his watch as he tells a story.  It's 7:50.
105) 1) dialog: Yeah, it was a close call, but...
105) 3) dialog: Close is just close if you're still alive to talk about it, y'know/
107) 0) text: Frank and Julia stand on the porch, eyes on Johnny - up p bedtime, proudly riding his bike up and down the street.
107) 2) text: Frank doesn't take the bait.
107) 5) dialog: There's something I gotta take care of. Something I need to tell you about.
107) 7) dialog: I've been talking to this...guy...this cop...on the HAM...and, uh, he...
107) 9) dialog: I've been talking to Johnny...on the radio.
107) 11) dialog: No.  Not our Johnny.  I mean, it's Johnny...but not now...in the future.
107) 16) dialog: I'm serious.
108) 1) dialog: (over the HAM) I'll be damned.
108) 4) dialog: No.  I just kept talking to her. (beat) There was a lot of guys in that bar - could'a been any of 'em.
108) 6) dialog: Whatta we do now?
108) 8) text: Frank jots down the info.  Fires up a Lucky.
108) 9) dialog: Got it.
108) 11) dialog: How?
108) 13) dialog: All right, I'm with you. (beat) I just hope we know what the hell we're doing.
108) 15) dialog: Tell me something good, Chief.  Tell me about the future.
108) 17) text: Frank takes a beat, contemplating the cigarette in his ha
108) 18) dialog: What else, John.  It must be different, huh?  Are people living on the moon?
108) 20) dialog: What are we like in...1998?
108) 22) dialog: (groping for good news) Hey, what about the Amazin's?  They pull it off?
108) 24) dialog: Yeah, you betcha.
108) 26) dialog: Wow.
108) 28) dialog: Hang on a sec, John.
108) 31) dialog: Jules, I want you to say hello to somebody... (re: radio) I'm on with John - that guy I told you about.
108) 33) dialog: Yeah, but, no kidding around, he's a good guy, a real good guy...
108) 34) text: Sensing that somehow this is important to her husband, Ju gives in, willing to play along with his radio game.  She shares Frank's chair, he puts his arm around her.
108) 35) dialog: John, say hello to my wife...Julia.
108) 53) text: Frank laughs, as Gordo climbs up on his lab.
108) 59) text: Gordo looks at Frank: is this for real?  Frank nods, smil
108) 64) dialog: John, you still there?
108) 66) dialog: You all right?
108) 68) dialog: Don't worry, Chief.  I'm not gonna let anything happen to her...no matter what.
112) 0) text: SISSY CLARK steps off a BUS.  She crosses the street towa the club.  The bus moves out and WIPES FRAME, revealing F sitting at the intersection on his Harley. Sissy enters the club.  Frank guns the Harley into an all
113) 0) text: Business is light at this hour.  The BARTENDER is setting The Flying Nun plays on a couple TV's over the bar - the audio drowned out by loud Motown music. Frank enters and looks around.  No Sissy.  This time he d not panic.  He sits at the bar.
115) 0) text: HAWAII FIVE-O plays on the TV's, the ROLLING STONES over Frank sits at the same place we last saw him, watching Si and scanning the crowd, trying to find a face that might him pause. Sissy, looking sixty and terrific in her Go-Go waitress outfit, moves about doing business.  She steps to the bartender t0 give her drink orders and pick up prepared drinks, coming within inches of Frank.
115) 2) text: She casts a friendly eye at Frank.
115) 4) dialog: Just fine.  You?
117) 0) text: The 11 O'clock NEWS is on TV.  A "Super" shows the Mets w Game 4.  Score 2-1.  Mets lead series: 3-1. CREEDENCE CLEARWATER PLAYS out of the sound system. Sissy takes the order from a LONG HAIRED GUY  down the ba his back to the camera, and starts towards the cash regis area.  The bartender serves Frank another club soda.  As Frank drinks the bartender pulls a PACK OF CIGARETTES fro his shirt pocket.  But the pack is empty.
117) 2) dialog: I'm trying to quite.  Turns out those things'll kill you.
117) 3) text: The bartender laughs, as Frank stands and heads for the bathroom.
119) 0) text: Nilsson's EVERYBODY'S TALKIN' fills the air. A sexy WOMAN approaches Frank wearing an Emma Peel body s Sissy stands nearby, giving drink orders to the bartender she can't help but smile at the following.
119) 2) dialog: Yep.  That's what I do.
119) 6) text: Frank flashes his wedding ring at the sexy woman.  Smiles her and shrugs "I'm sorry."
121) 0) text: End of the night.  The place winds down.  An old movie on TV's.  Elvis' SUSPICIOUS MINDS plays softly. Frank watches as Sissy picks up her last tip and heads to back to change into her street clothes.
121) 2) text: Frank smiles, checks the time.  2:00AM.  He looks around. Nobody suspicious about.  He starts up for the bathroom..
124) 0) text: SUSPICIOUS MINDS filters in.  Frank zips up, heads to the sink.  Bends over to wash his hands, and suddenly. His face is smashed on the edge of the sink.  He twists t the floor, fighting to maintain consciousness. A black Frye boot explodes into Frank's gut.  He rolls ov looks up at the LONG HAIRED GUY from the bar.  Frank seem recognize him.  We know him too - SCRAGGLY MAN.  But we d know his name yet.  So we'll call him...
124) 2) text: Killer's eyes, evil fuckin' black dots.  He lifts Frank t his knees.  Then rips a fist into Frank's face.
124) 4) text: Frank is clearly incapacitated.  Killer lifts him to his so they are eye-to-eye.
124) 5) dialog: (barely able to speak) Mary Finelli...
124) 8) text: Caught off guard, Frank is able to slam his knee into Killer's balls.  Killer goes down like a stone, but Frank too battered to take advantage. He collapses on top of Killer, who pushes him off, scramb up, and delivers a massive kick to his head.  Frank is ou cold. Quickly, Killer rolls Frank over and rifles his pockets finding his WALLET.  He grabs something from it, then tos it aside.  He then takes something out of his pocket, a t leather garrote.  He coils it around his hands and snaps taut.  He bends down to start the job when suddenly, the bathroom door opens and... TWO very stoned MEN stumble in.
124) 11) text: And Killer muscles Frank into a toilet stall and puts his head in the bowl.  He closes the door, quickly leaving. In the stall, Frank spills onto the floor, his legs stick out into the bathroom.  His face flush to the tile, his e trying to focus on something lying just outside the stall His WALLET.
126) 0) text: Frank starts to come around.  He reaches out and grabs hi wallet off the floor.  His money still there.  Credit car too.  But something's missing.  His DRIVER'S LICENSE. SUDDENLY PANIC SEIZES FRANK.
127) 0) text: Frank tears up the stairs...
128) 0) text: Frank bangs on it.  Scared.  Desperate.
128) 1) dialog: OPEN UP, OPEN THE DOOR...ah...ummm...THIS IS THE POLICE.
128) 2) text: Frank keeps banging on the door.  A NEIGHBOR'S DOOR swing open a crack.  AN OLD LADY peers out from behind a securi chain.  Frank stops banging.
128) 3) dialog: It's okay, Ma'am.  I'm the police.
128) 4) text: Old Lady skeptically looking him up & down - noticing Fra bruised face.  She quickly closes the door. Frank reaches inside his jacket pocket, pulls out a small bent metal wire, homemade LOCKPICK.  He goes to work on Sissy's lock.  CLICK, CLICK, CLICK - got it.  He opens th door, steps inside.
129) 0) text: It's dark.  And then a sound...scratching and popping, th sound of a PHONOGRAPH NEEDLE makes when it reaches the en the vinyl and is scratching against the label. The wind catching a curtain allows the shaft of a street light to beam brightly into the room, and in one swift moment, Frank is staring at a NIGHTMARE: Sissy Clark's murdered body.  Her dress hiked above her waist.  Her pan ripped off.  Paper stuffed into her mouth. Her hands boun with glass tape.  Frank is transfixed and sickened by Sis twisted face, her eyes frozen open in horrible death.
130) 0) text: Frank staggers out of the building towards his Harley.  H bends over and blows his dinner, then mounts the bike and kicks the motor over.  As he roars off down the street, W SEE in the building window... THE OLD LADY looking down at him. The LEGEND reads: OCTOBER 16th - FIFTH GAME OF THE WORLD SERIES
131) 1) dialog: He killed her John.  He killed her and I didn't do a thing to stop it.
131) 4) dialog: Yes it is...we did this.  We changed everything. (pausing) I've been having bad dreams, Johnny. Dreams where I die...in the fire. (soft) I was supposed to die in that warehouse.
131) 6) text: Frank.  Trembling, overcome by an awful combination of fe guilt and shame.
131) 7) dialog: This is wrong...it's like we cheated...
131) 9) dialog: I don't think I can.  I'm not a cop.  I can't.   I can't stop this guy.
131) 11) dialog: Johnny, I know, but...
131) 12) text: Frank starts to light up a Lucky.  But he stops, stubbing cigarette out.
131) 14) dialog: John, he's got my driver's license.
131) 16) dialog: He took my driver's license, John, he knows where we live.
131) 18) dialog: No, he tossed the wallet, but he kept the license.
131) 20) dialog: In my pocket.
131) 22) dialog: What?
131) 24) dialog: How the hell am I gonna do that?
131) 26) dialog: What...
131) 28) dialog: Okay, okay...
131) 29) text: Frank does as John asks.  Taking out his wallet.
131) 30) dialog: I got it.
131) 32) dialog: Huh?
131) 34) dialog: (getting it now) I gotcha, I gotcha Chief!
131) 36) dialog: Hang on.
131) 37) text: Frank fishes around the desk drawer for some electrical tape...quickly ripping off strips of tape...covering the wallet.  Then he goes to the window.  Crouches on the flo digging his nails around edges of the loose floorboard.
131) 39) dialog: (over the HAM) Okay.
131) 40) text: John scrambles to window.  Crouches down on floor, reachi to find: FRANK'S WALLET COVERED IN ELECTRICAL TAPE! John goes back to the radio.
136) 0) text: Johnny and Gordo sit cross-legged in front of the TV.  TH WORLD SERIES is on.  Game 5.  First inning. Julia is busy bringing in groceries from her car. INTERCUT FRANK AND JOHN.
136) 1) dialog: You're telling me this maniac is a cop? What the hell am I supposed to do with that one?
136) 3) text: In the B.G. of Frank's house a DOORBELL RINGS.  Julia can seen going to answer it.  It is Satch.  There are ad lib greetings that we don't clearly hear.
136) 6) dialog: Okay, I'm on it. (sees Satch) Hey.
136) 8) text: Frank's hand lifts off the squawk bar.  He notes Satch's and demeanor.
136) 9) dialog: What are you doing here, Satch?  You off today?
136) 12) dialog: (into radio) John, hold on a second. (to Satch) I'm in the middle of something important here.  You mind if...
136) 13) text: Frank suddenly spots something through the front window. Satch's partner, PHIL HAYES, and TWO UNIFORMS out at the curb. Half a penny drops.  All his senses go on alert.  And instinct kicks...he hits the squawk bar.
136) 14) dialog: Satch, you gotta just give me...Satch is here John.  You hear me?  Satch is here.
136) 16) text: Frank releases the squawk bar. Johnny and Gordo remain fixed on the game, oblivious to anything else.  In the kitchen, we can see Julia moving around putting away the groceries.
136) 18) dialog: (into mic) Just a minute, John...okay?  Don't go away.
136) 19) text: Julia now becomes aware of the tension in the voices in t other room.  She looks outside and sees Phil and the uniforms.  She looks at Frank and Satch with confusion. Frank hits the squawk bar again.  He wants John to hear t
136) 20) dialog: What is going on here, Satch?  What are those guys doing out there?
136) 22) dialog: No, I don't.
136) 24) dialog: About what?
136) 26) text: A long beat.  Frank sees Julia staring at them.  She is n bundle of growing anxiety.  Frank stands up.
136) 27) dialog: Okay. (to Julia) It's okay, Bud.  I'll be right back. (into radio) Stay there, John.
137) 2) text: The rest of the penny drops.  Frank stalls, trying to thi
137) 3) dialog: What do you mean?
137) 5) text: And he hands FRANK his missing DRIVER'S LICENSE.  Frank l like a truck hit him.
137) 7) dialog: No.  This isn't what you think.
137) 9) dialog: Okay, okay.  I need to go say something to Julia and finish up with the guy on the radio.
137) 11) text: Frank nods.  Takes stock of the cops by the cars and head back into the house.
138) 0) text: Julia, who has been watching through a front room window Johnny, moves to meet Frank.  Behind Frank, Satch signals Phil and the uniforms that all is okay, giving Frank a co of steps on him. Frank steps into the house and wraps his arms around Juli turning so he can see both Satch outside and where he wan to go inside.
138) 1) dialog: Trust me, Bud.  Do that for me.
139) 0) text: Frank moves Julia toward teh desk, lulling Satch a moment then quickly steps to the HAM radio and hits the squawk b
139) 1) dialog: John, you there?
139) 3) dialog: Satch is busting me for Sissy Clark's murder.  John...
139) 4) text: Julia stares dumbfounded at Frank.
139) 6) text: Satch strides by Julia and reaches to take Frank's elbow. Frank wheels at the sound of his name and the touch, and lurches back from Satch.
139) 7) dialog: ...you gotta help me, Chief.
139) 10) text: And Frank throws his hands up in front of his chest in an give up" gesture.
140) 0) text: Frank sits at a metal table bolted to the floor, Satch si across.  Phil stands.  Two cups of coffee on the table. room is very bare.  Cinder block walls. Padded locks and bars over the windows.  A small metal cabinet against the far wall.  Satch and Phil smoke.  Fra does not.
140) 1) dialog: Carl Shepard.  Detective out of the 15th precinct.
140) 2) text: Satch stares at Frank with utter incredulity.  Phil light smoke, tossing the pack and the matchbook on the table.
140) 3) dialog: I swear, Satch.
140) 5) dialog: As nuts as that sounds, yes.
140) 7) dialog: Satch, would you listen to me here.  Just you and me.  Can I talk to you here, alone?
140) 12) dialog: He's not gonna stop, Satch.  He's gonna keep on...
140) 14) text: It's quiet for a moment.  And then a sound filters in und the door.  The sound of cops cheering.  It's the World Series. Frank sits up - takes a beat.
140) 15) dialog: What if I could prove it to you, Satch?
140) 17) dialog: What if I told you that in the bottom of the 6th we're gonna be down 3-0.  And Cleon Jones is gonna get hit in the foot. It's gonna leave a scuff mark on the ball.
140) 19) dialog: The next batter, Clendenon, hits one outta the park.
140) 21) dialog: In the bottom of the 7th, Weis is gonna hit a solo home run.  Jones and Swoboda are gonna score in the 8th.  The Mets are gonna win 5-3. (beat) Go watch the game, Satch.
140) 27) text: Frank struggles for an answer...but comes up speechless. Satch looks like his heart is breaking.  Unable to compre how Frank could have slipped this far.  A long beat, then
140) 28) dialog: She's in harm's way.  He's gonna be coming for her.
140) 29) text: Satch snorts, incredulous.  Frank reaches over the table takes his hand, deadly serious.
140) 30) dialog: Promise me, as a friend.  October 22, don't let her out of your sight.
146) 0) text: Frank looks up to see Shepard, who quickly closes the doo behind him... and unholsters his gun.  An eerie moment.
146) 2) text: Frank waits a beat.  Then very slowly, he stands.
146) 4) text: Frank steps back, slowly turning.  Shepard holsters the g Kicks Frank up against the wall as he reaches into his po and takes out the leather garrote we saw in the Peppermin Lounge Bathroom.  He coils it around his hands.
146) 6) text: Frank is trembling.
146) 7) dialog: (facing the wall) You twisted animal...
146) 9) text: But Frank turns.
146) 10) dialog: You try putting that thing around my neck and I'll rip your throat out.  You want me dead, use the gun.
146) 13) text: Shepard gives Frank a look that would make a Marine Drill Sergeant shit his pants.  Shepard knows Frank's weakness, one thing that would make him submit to death. Closing his eyes, Frank turns to face the wall...But the handle rattles, someone is outside coming in.  Shepard quickly yanks Frank away from the wall, shoving him in a chair at the interrogation table. The door opens.
146) 15) dialog: You got to help me.  He's trying to kill me.
148) 0) text: Frank's expression begins to harden.  His eyes search teh room.  CLOSE ON his EYES.  He looks like John - controlle rage piercing through that Sullivan thousand yard stare. He stands, turning around, looking for something, anythin that he can use to get the hell out of there. His mind's racing, fire fighter training kicking in.  And then he looks up - just below the ceiling, above the door 2'X2' ELECTRICAL CONDUCTOR BOX. Follow Frank's eyes to something else.  An AIR CONDITIONE MOUNTED IN THE WINDOW. Frank goes to the window.  Runs his fingers along the air conditioner's thick electrical cord - thinking.  He unplu it.  And then he RIPS cord out of the unit, exposing wire
151) 0) text: Frank uses the heel of his shoe to rip the plug off the o end of the electrical cord.  Both ends now have exposed wires.
154) 0) text: Frank, in full throttle, drags a chair against the wall. Climbs on the chair, uses a dime to unscrew the ELECTRICA CONDUCTOR BOX. He then unscrews the master fuse and SHOVES ONE END OF TH ELECTRICAL CORD'S EXPOSED WIRE AROUND THE FUSE CYLINDER. After re-tightening the fuse, and careful not to touch th other end of the cord, he jumps off the chair. FOOTSTEPS.  Frank freezes.  Someone's walking down the ha
156) 0) text: Frank, sweating bullets now, takes the two coffee cups of the table and pours their contents ON THE FLOOR.  The cof forms a SMALL PUDDLE which Frank is careful not to let sl over the door saddle. He puts the cups down.  Then opens the cabinet, rifling through, finding a can of LYSOL spray. Sounds of cops cheering filter in under the door.
159) 0) text: The door knob turns.  The door half-opens.  Shepard stick his head in, scanning the room.  He relaxes a bit when he sees Frank sitting quietly at the table. Shepard opens the door a little further, takes a half ste into the room...and into the puddle of coffee! Frank raises his arm.  He's holding the live electrical c Shepard: What the fuck?  Frank flicks the cord...which la like a snake at Shepard's feet...in the puddle of coffee. 5,000 volts surge through Shepard's body. SPARKS AND SMOKE SHOOT OUT OF CONDUCTOR BOX...
160) 0) text: CLOSE ON TV.  Clendenon still up.  1-2 count.  The wind u But something is wrong with the TV.  A spark shoots out o the back of the set. And then the entire 17th Precinct goes DARK.  Frank has shorted out the electrical system. The cops look at each other in a moment of pissed confusi
161) 0) text: Frank lunges over the table, smashing a wooden chair over Shepard's head.  He's in overdrive.  Kicking the still li cord out of the coffee puddle, he then drags Shepard's bo into the room, shutting the door. Frank quickly rips off Shepard's SPORTS JACKET, pocketing Shepard's WALLET and BADGE. And then, moving very fast, Frank grabs the LYSOL can and matches Phil left on the table.  He LIGHTS A MATCH and ho it IN FRONT OF THE LYSOL CAN.  He points the can at the ceiling - at the FIRE ALARM SENSORS.  Hits SPRAY button - Professional Fire Fighter ingenuity - HOMEADE BLOW TORCH.
163) 0) text: Frank cracks open the door and slips out.  As the door closes, Shepard's eyes pop open.
164) 0) text: Sprinklers rain down on Frank as he moves down the hall. Through the darkness he can see someone coming. It's Phil Frank covers his face...searching for a place to disappea
166) 0) text: Power is still off.  Sprinklers still gushing.  Amidst th chaos, a bathroom door swings open.  A man steps out.  A Leather jacket, gold shield.  It's Frank.  He slips throu the madness, heading down the hall and towards the stairs
168) 0) text: Phil runs in.  Scanning the room.  But it is empty.  No Frank.  No Shepard.  Just a puddle of coffee on the floor
169) 0) text: Satch charges into the lobby.  The lights start to flicke back on.  Chaos giving way to order. Satch heads for the stairs. And there is Frank, wearing Shepard's jacket and shield. in his hurry, Satch has not spotted him. Frank quickly steps behind a pillar as Satch tears by him up the stairs. Stay with Frank as he turns...calmly walking by the Sergeant's desk, gliding out the precinct door and...
170) 1) dialog: (little smile) Elvis has left the building.
172) 2) text: Frank's hand, groping for the handle of a glass pitcher a the kitchen counter. Shepard reaches for his gun, points the .357 at Frank's h Shepard's finger squeezing the trigger. It's over.  But.. FRANK SMASHES THE GLASS PITCHER down on Shepard's skull. Shepard drops.  CRACK, the gun fires, BLASTING AIR. FRANK scrambles for the window.  He's outta there, expert thundering down fire escape.
173) 0) text: Frank hits the pavement, twisting his ankle.  Hears metal rattling, looks up.  Shepard's clattering down after him. Shepard tries to get off a shot through the fire escape g BANG!  The shot ricochets wildly.  Frank takes off, limpi and staying close to the building out of the line of fire The streets are still empty, the city glued to their TV's Frank hits CPW.  He glances left, right, straight ahead. Central Park. Frank runs into the park.
175) 0) text: Frank hears pounding footsteps - Shepard is catching up. Frank's adrenaline kicking in, sprints around a bend in t path, reaches long wooden bridge spanning Central Park La The bridge is being restored.  Barricades across the entrance. Frank hurdles over the barricades, runs onto the bridge. Shepard trips in the dirt.  Gets back up, reaches the bri knocks over a barricade, runs to the middle of the bridge FRANK'S DISAPPEARED.  Shepard stops, listens - nothing.
176) 0) text: Frank dangles below the bridge, holding onto the steel gi of substructure - 8 ft. above water.  Not moving a muscle not making a sound, barely even breathing.
177) 0) text: Bridge side railings have been removed for construction. Shepard hears something hit the water.  Rushes to the sid the bridge, points his gun at the water.  BANG! Shepard leans out further aiming the gun at the water. Shepard's outstretched arm only a few feet from Frank's h Frank silently swings his body forward reaching out... Snags Shepard's arm, pulling him hard, over the side. SHEPARD FALLS, grabs for something, anything.  Wraps his around Frank's leg, hangs on tight. Frank struggles, kicks wildly, trying to shake Shepard of Shepard hangs on with his left arm.  Pulls out the gun wi his right.  He aims it at Frank's head.  Cocks back the hammer. FRANK LETS GO.  KERPLUNK.  They plunge into:
178) 0) text: Murky water, thick with dirt and slime, 5' deep. Frank's hanging on to Shepard's arm, trying to wrestle th gun free.  But Shepard's using his free hand to gouge Fra eyes.  Frank bites down hard on Shepard's wrist. The gun sinks silently to the muddy lake bottom. But Shepard gets both hands on Frank's throat.  Shoving h head into the shallow water.  Shepard's grip is like a vi Frank futilely tries to pry Shepard's fingers open. Frank is blinded by polluted water.  Starting to lose consciousness.  Desperately, he searches the muddy lake bottom for the gun.  But he's getting weaker, fading out. Then he feels something.  A BRICK, fallen off the bridge, half buried in the mud.  Frank struggles to dig it up. Summons his last ounces of strength, yanking it back and forth, it's getting loose. But Shepard's hands are squeezing tighter.  Frank finally goes limp.  A few last bubbles float to the surface.  She smiles.  Catching his breath, slightly loosens grip on Frank's lifeless neck. Frank springs off the lake bottom, rises out of the water like a jack-in-the-box.  Holding the brick with both hand he swings.  CONTACT. The brick smashes against Shepard's head.  Knocking him t yesterday.  He drops like a rock. Frank waits for Shepard to come up for air.  Nothing. Frank crawls out of the water, collapsing onto the embankment.  He just lies there, heart pounding, chest heaving. And suddenly, Frank is startled by a MASSIVE ROAR - the s of eight million New Yorkers screaming in unison.  The Me have just won the World Series. Frank laughs, slowly getting to his feet.
179) 0) text: Frank's dripping blood and filthy lake water.  The street have instantly erupted with celebrating Mets' fans.  A gi party.  Cars whiz by, honking their horns, passengers lea out, pumping fists in victory.  Frank has to yell above t racket.
179) 2) dialog: Detective Deleon.
180) 3) dialog: Satch, you gotta listen to me...
180) 5) dialog: No kidding.  I'm on the corner of 65th and CPW.  Come get me.
180) 6) text: Frank clicks down the receiver, slides in a dime, dials another number.  A beat, then...
180) 8) text: Frank smiles, and we dissolve to
181) 0) text: The area cordoned off.  Detectives and uniforms.  EMS wag An inflatable boat is being placed in the lake.  Two poli frog men are climbing into their gear. Pan over the scene to find Frank and Satch.  Frank's got blanket wrapped around him.  They talk quietly as Satch w Frank to a waiting green and white squad car.
181) 2) dialog: Next time lets put some money on it.
181) 4) text: Satch sticks out his hand...Frank takes it.  They hold ea other's grip for some moments.  Frank starts to say "than you", but Satch silently cuts him off. Frank climbs in the car.  Satch closes the door, taps on roof, Frank is on his way home.
182) 0) text: JOHNNY is asleep in bed.  Elvis sleeps at the foot of it. the shadows next to them, Julia sits very still in a rock chair, half-asleep, half-awake.  Staring out the window. eyes are bloodshot.  She has been through hell. A faint STAIRWAY CREAK.  Elvis stirs.  He looks up to SEE FRANK standing in the doorway.  He looks a wreck.
182) 1) dialog: Hey, bud.
182) 3) text: And she is out of the chair.  They meet in a hug.  Over h shoulder Frank takes a long look at his sleeping son.
183) 0) text: Relatively cleaned up, but very bruised, Frank is at the desk, trying to repair the DISASSMBLED RADIO.  Julia come and sets down a cup of coffee.  She kisses him on the top his head, casts a wondering eye on the radio, and leaves.
184) 1) dialog: (over the HAM) John, John?  You there?  Johnny?
186) 3) dialog: We did it, John.  We stopped him.
186) 6) dialog: What's wrong?
186) 8) text: WHACK!  CLOSE ON FRANK, the back of his skull smashed by butt of a .45 wielded by CARL SHEPARD. FRANK hits the floor with a thud, Shepard looming over hi reaching for a set of handcuffs.
188) 0) text: Shepard stands over Frank.  Frank tires to struggle up. Shepard forces him back down, tromping a boot into his ch
188) 2) text: And he snaps a handcuff on one of Frank's wrists then wrenches him to a steel radiator in the family room where circles the pipe to the floor with the handcuff chain and attaches the other cuff to Frank's other wrist.
190) 0) text: Frank, struggling to breathe, is slumped by the radiator staring up at Shepard's groin.  The .45 goes flying acros the room.  For a suspended moment, both men are riveted t the .45 spinning on the floor.
191) 0) text: Frank, struggling to breathe, is slumped by the radiator staring up at Shepard, who is staring back with pure mena The SOUND OF A SHOWER can be heard upstairs.  Shepard loo up.  Smiles.
191) 2) dialog: (struggling to breathe) This is between you and me.
194) 0) text: Frank desperately tugs at the handcuffs.  Steel bites dow his wrists.
196) 0) text: Frank reacts to the scream and tears with everything he h in him to rip away from the radiator.  No way.
200) 0) text: Frank's wrists are bleeding.  He can't get out.  But then sees something.  Something he can use.  His WATCH.  Frank struggles to unfasten the watch strap.  He does it.  He pinches the metal clasp with his thumb and forefinger and guides it to the keyhole in the left handcuff.  He works Nothing.  Then CLICK.  He's out!
206) 4) dialog: Get your fucking hands off my wife.
206) 6) text: He is right.  Frank hesitates.  Shepard LUNGES, grabbing shotgun barrel. BOOM!  Frank FIRES.  BUCKSHOT RIPS THROUGH THE AIR. SHEPARD'S RIGHT HAND EXPLODES...blood spattering everywhe Like a wounded animal, Shepard bolts, blowing past Frank. Frank gently wraps Julia in a towel.  The fading sound of Shepard thundering down the stairs.  Out the door. And then softer footsteps.  Coming closer.  Johnny appear the doorway.  Safe and sound.
207) 11) dialog: I'm still here, Chief.
208) 4) text: Frank sneers at Gib, then glances up at GIB's WIFE in the bleachers.  She looks familiar, it's the girl Frank saved the warehouse 29-years ago. PHIRE POWER twirls his arm... Frank takes a big swing...contact...the ball fouls back behind the plate.  Towards the parking lot.  Where among old Chevys and Fords sits a brand new MERCEDES.  The cust license plate reads: YAHOO. CRASH!  Frank's foul ball comes down hard.  As the Merced windshield spiderwebs we hear an off-camera scream... It is Gordo, jumping up, running across the field.  From parking lot his eyes meet Frank's.  An I'M SORRY shrug, a Frank turns his attention back to the game. The next pitch is high and outside. Frank takes a looping swing...driving the ball to the gap right center.  Frank jogs to first.  An easy single. From first, Frank glances over at the third base coach: JULIA.  Her hair pinned up under a Mets cap, Julia puts t fingers in her mouth and belts out a loud whistle as... The next batter steps out of the dugout.  It is John Sullivan.
208) 5) text: John as he makes his way to the plate. Check out his eyes: they're different, he looks like his father.  They've got that Frank Sullivan sparkle. John steps into the batter's box, cocks back to wood.
208) 6) dialog: Bring me home, son!  Bring me home!
208) 7) text: PHIRE POWER uncorks the fastest softball pitch you've eve seen.  John jumps on it.  Rips a massive shot to deep cen way over the fence. The crew in the stands are on their feet, cheering. Frank rounds third, John catches up.  A double high-five Julia and they jog home together.  The game is over. Frank puts his arm around John.  Heading for the bleacher A little boy totters up to them.  Jumping into John's arm His name is Frank Jr.