14) 0) text: CRASH!  A SOFTBALL BLOWS through the window from the BACKYARD, landing on the rug next to the bed.  Frank bolt awake, staring at the busted window. He checks the clock.  It is 5:15.  He steps to the broken window.  SEVERAL SMALL BOYS scurry from the yard.  Two others, JOHNNY SULLIVAN and GORDO HERSCH, both 6, stand frozen in place.  Elvis tears in circles around them.  Al very quiet.  Then, from somewhere beyond the bedroom door HEAR The Beatles' BACK IN THE THE USSR...
16) 0) text: Johnny stands nervously outside the door.  Elvis sits at side.  Gordo watches from the safety of his own porch nex door.  Frank opens the screen door, casts a stern look do at his son.
19) 10) text: We follow the music as it drifts out into the YARD where can SEE Johnny and Gordo looking in at the weirdness.
19) 13) text: Frank spots Johnny and Gordo staring at them.  He winks a the boys and swings Julia into a Fred Astaire dip.
32) 4) dialog: Sully!  Is that you?
33) 0) text: Meet GORDON HERSCH, 35, computer geek, lovable dough boy. Last seen by us in 1969 as a six-year old.
33) 1) dialog: Hey, Sull.  My cable's out again.
33) 4) dialog: Can you believe Ellen still won't let me cook in the house?  I melt one lousy frying pan, y'know?
33) 8) dialog: Hey, OK if Gordy uses your old gear?
33) 11) dialog: So Yahoo went up another two points. Man, did we miss the boat on that one.
33) 14) text: John laughs, hands Gordo a beer, and lights up a cigarett
33) 15) dialog: Sam called Ellen.
33) 17) dialog: Why don't you come with us?  Three days of fresh air and barbecue would do you some good, man.
34) 1) dialog: Hey, Gordy, what 'ya doing?
34) 3) text: John thinks about it for a second.  Noting the curious gl in little Gordy's face, nods OK. Gordy Jr. pops open the latches, opens the trunk.  Gordo crouches down beside his son, checks out the dusty conten HOLD ON JOHN'S REACTION to what Gordy Jr. finds in the tr
34) 6) dialog: Hey!  Gimmie that!
34) 7) text: Gordo takes the shotgun from the boy and places it ginger inside the closet. Simultaneously, Gordy Jr. hands off a leather-bound SCRAP to John.  Before John can react, Gordy Jr. lifts up an AMATEUR RADIO TRANSCEIVER.
34) 10) dialog: John, that's your Dad's old ham radio. Remember?  Remember how we used to beg him to let us talk on that thing?
34) 12) dialog: This is not a toy.
34) 14) text: Gordo looks at John.
35) 0) text: Glass doors separate the study from the family room.  The RADIO is set on a dusty wooden desk.  Scotch-taped to the of the radio is a diagram for the radio setup and "QSL" cards: certificates from around the world acknowledging "contact" with "WB2YXB" -- FRANK SULLIVAN, BAYSIDE NY. Gordo hooks up the radio.  Gordy Jr. shuts off the TV.
35) 2) dialog: Man, do I feel old.
35) 3) text: GORDO TURNS THE RADIO ON.  Shows Gordy how it works.  Gor rotates the tuning dial, nothing but "dead bands."  STATI
35) 5) text: KNOCK.  Front door opens.  John's head turning around.  M ELLEN, 35, Gordo's wife.  The grown-up in the family.
36) 0) text: Gordo and family pour into the yard between the two house John shuffles out behind them.  Gordo and Gordy Jr. quick disappear into their house, but Ellen lingers for a momen looking back at John standing alone.
43) 0) text: The same Little League field that Frank circled on his Ha yesterday, October 10, 1969.  And the same field at which John sat in the stands drinking last night, October 10, 1 We are in the 9th inning of a friendly SOFTBALL GAME betw the local COPS and FIREMEN.  A lot of NYPD and FDNY T-shi sweats and caps.  Plenty of Mets stuff, too. Having made the catch, Frank coolly pulls the ball from h mitt as he starts running toward the infield diamond. Tagging up at 3rd, sorely tempted to try for home is SATC DELEON, 30, NYPD Detective.  Satch feints for the plate, Frank feints the throw.  For a maddening, gleeful moment, Frank has Satch caught between 3rd and home. In the STANDS, Johnny Sullivan, Marge Hersch and the FAMI of the other ballplayers scream for whomever they want to this game of chicken. On the SIDELINES, Johnny, Gordo and the other KIDS servin BATBOYS and WATERBOYS, jump around in anticipation. At HOME, Butch Foster stations himself to take the throw. Suddenly, Satch fakes to 3rd, then bolts for home.  Frank pegs it to Butch, who tags the sliding Satch.  Game over.
51) 1) text: Rusted Ham radio antenna, half-fallen over. John scoots over to it, straightening it.  But he slips, sliding down the roof, coming to rest against the chimney A light pops on from an upstairs window across the street Gordo appears in the window.  Does a double take when he John, sitting on the roof, soaked, drunk.
51) 2) dialog: (sliding open window) Sull!  What the hell!
51) 4) text: Gordo's heart starts to break.  His best friend has slipp over the edge.
51) 5) dialog: C'mon, man.  Get inside.  I'll come over. We'll play some Nintendo.
51) 7) dialog: Go in where?
51) 9) dialog: I know pal.  I remember.  Twenty-nine years tomorrow.
56) 0) text: John moves through the crowd of cops - ad lib greetings - slides into a booth occupied by Satch and Gordo.
56) 1) dialog: How you feeling?
56) 4) text: John shoots a look at Gordo, who quickly changes the subj
56) 5) dialog: Can you believe it, Yahoo goes up another point today...
58) 1) dialog: You realize that if you'd bought a thousand dollars worth of Yahoo in '96, it'd be worth fifty-grand today?
58) 4) text: Satch and Gordo nod in sympathy.  Gordo raises his glass. Satch and John follow.  A yearly ritual.
70) 0) text: Gordo is in the middle of a story when...
70) 1) dialog: ...principal calls us in 'cause Gordy hacked into the school system - sent out a little X-rated e-mail. (nervous laughter) Scary, huh?  Eight-years old.
76) 1) dialog: John.  John, you all right?
76) 3) dialog: What?
76) 7) dialog: What is it?
76) 10) dialog: Huh?
76) 12) dialog: Fire?  What are you talking about?  He had cancer, John.
76) 14) dialog: Yeah, lung cancer.  Ten years ago.
76) 18) dialog: Huh?
108) 39) text: Hearing voices, Johnny, Gordo and Elvis wander in from th family room.  They are in their pj's...a sleepover.  Juli gives them a smile, turns back to the radio.
108) 49) text: Little Gordo reaches for the microphone.
108) 51) text: Julia scoops Johnny up, carrying him off to bed.  But lit Gordo does not follow...fascinated by the radio.
108) 52) dialog: I wanna talk on the radio.
108) 53) text: Frank laughs, as Gordo climbs up on his lab.
108) 54) dialog: This is the Space Cowboy.  I'm an intergalactic traveler from the Federation planet earth.
108) 56) dialog: How'd you know my name, mister?
108) 57) text: John sits back, marvelling at how young Gordo sounds.  A thousand childhood memories playing in his head.  And the lights up...realizing the opportunity.
108) 59) text: Gordo looks at Frank: is this for real?  Frank nods, smil
108) 60) dialog: I better give you my address then.
108) 62) dialog: You got a deal, mister.  I mean Santa.
108) 63) text: The sound of Julia's voice calling Gordo to bed.  Gordo scampers out.  Static filters through both radios, then..
136) 0) text: Johnny and Gordo sit cross-legged in front of the TV.  TH WORLD SERIES is on.  Game 5.  First inning. Julia is busy bringing in groceries from her car. INTERCUT FRANK AND JOHN.
136) 16) text: Frank releases the squawk bar. Johnny and Gordo remain fixed on the game, oblivious to anything else.  In the kitchen, we can see Julia moving around putting away the groceries.
137) 0) text: ...and towards a spot halfway between the house and the c From inside the house, Johnny and Gordo have begun to tak the activity.
208) 4) text: Frank sneers at Gib, then glances up at GIB's WIFE in the bleachers.  She looks familiar, it's the girl Frank saved the warehouse 29-years ago. PHIRE POWER twirls his arm... Frank takes a big swing...contact...the ball fouls back behind the plate.  Towards the parking lot.  Where among old Chevys and Fords sits a brand new MERCEDES.  The cust license plate reads: YAHOO. CRASH!  Frank's foul ball comes down hard.  As the Merced windshield spiderwebs we hear an off-camera scream... It is Gordo, jumping up, running across the field.  From parking lot his eyes meet Frank's.  An I'M SORRY shrug, a Frank turns his attention back to the game. The next pitch is high and outside. Frank takes a looping swing...driving the ball to the gap right center.  Frank jogs to first.  An easy single. From first, Frank glances over at the third base coach: JULIA.  Her hair pinned up under a Mets cap, Julia puts t fingers in her mouth and belts out a loud whistle as... The next batter steps out of the dugout.  It is John Sullivan.