12) 0) text: The kitchen is empty.  Breakfast dishes in the sink.  Fra flips on the RADIO.  It plays out under the rest of the MONTAGE as coverage of the oil truck crash blends into ot news stories. A note on the refrigerator reads: 8:15.  Hey, Bud.  I'm o to work. Johnny's at school.  Elvis is fed.  I luvs you. Setting a grapefruit and a slice of toast on the table, F glances at the Daily News.  But his eyes are tired, he st off into space...letting go.
14) 0) text: CRASH!  A SOFTBALL BLOWS through the window from the BACKYARD, landing on the rug next to the bed.  Frank bolt awake, staring at the busted window. He checks the clock.  It is 5:15.  He steps to the broken window.  SEVERAL SMALL BOYS scurry from the yard.  Two others, JOHNNY SULLIVAN and GORDO HERSCH, both 6, stand frozen in place.  Elvis tears in circles around them.  Al very quiet.  Then, from somewhere beyond the bedroom door HEAR The Beatles' BACK IN THE THE USSR...
16) 0) text: Johnny stands nervously outside the door.  Elvis sits at side.  Gordo watches from the safety of his own porch nex door.  Frank opens the screen door, casts a stern look do at his son.
16) 2) dialog: I know.  Sorry, Dad.
16) 4) text: And Frank drops the softball into Johnny's mitt, closes t screen door and turns back into the kitchen.  Johnny turn away into the yard.
19) 10) text: We follow the music as it drifts out into the YARD where can SEE Johnny and Gordo looking in at the weirdness.
19) 13) text: Frank spots Johnny and Gordo staring at them.  He winks a the boys and swings Julia into a Fred Astaire dip.
20) 0) text: CLOSE ON: BICYCLE TRAINING WHEELS lying on the sidewalk. Johnny is precariously perched on his fire engine red BICYCLE.  He wears a police badge and a whistle around hi neck.  Frank stands beside him, holding on to the bike se We're on a quiet side street next to house.  It's the las light of the day. Hold on Johnny's eyes...fear.
20) 2) dialog: Daddy put the wheels back on.  I'm gonna fall.
20) 4) dialog: Daddy, I'm scared.
20) 6) text: Johnny takes a gulp of air, doesn't want to disappoint hi father, nods okay. He starts pedaling.  Slowly moving forward.  Frank holds to the seat.  Frank's still hanging on - jogging along si
20) 8) text: Frank let's go.  Johnny's pumping those little six year-o legs, but he starts to wobble out of control -- CRASH! Johnny starts to cry, quickly gets up and runs back to th house.  Julia comes out of the kitchen door.  Johnny runs into her arms.
20) 10) text: Johnny tears himself from Julia's arms, runs inside. Frustrated, Frank lights up another cigarette.
21) 0) text: JOHNNY'S POV: Frank standing in the yard, wishing on a st Johnny looks up at the sky and makes a wish of his own.
41) 0) text: Frank unpins the police badge from Johnny's shirt, takes whistle from around his neck.  He pulls up the covers and softly kisses Johnny's forehead.  You can tell he loves t kid more than anything in the world.
43) 0) text: The same Little League field that Frank circled on his Ha yesterday, October 10, 1969.  And the same field at which John sat in the stands drinking last night, October 10, 1 We are in the 9th inning of a friendly SOFTBALL GAME betw the local COPS and FIREMEN.  A lot of NYPD and FDNY T-shi sweats and caps.  Plenty of Mets stuff, too. Having made the catch, Frank coolly pulls the ball from h mitt as he starts running toward the infield diamond. Tagging up at 3rd, sorely tempted to try for home is SATC DELEON, 30, NYPD Detective.  Satch feints for the plate, Frank feints the throw.  For a maddening, gleeful moment, Frank has Satch caught between 3rd and home. In the STANDS, Johnny Sullivan, Marge Hersch and the FAMI of the other ballplayers scream for whomever they want to this game of chicken. On the SIDELINES, Johnny, Gordo and the other KIDS servin BATBOYS and WATERBOYS, jump around in anticipation. At HOME, Butch Foster stations himself to take the throw. Suddenly, Satch fakes to 3rd, then bolts for home.  Frank pegs it to Butch, who tags the sliding Satch.  Game over.
43) 3) text: They square off.  Pretending to fight.  Julia steps betwe them.  And they all descend into laughter. Frank and Satch each wrap an arm around Julia and start o Within a step, Johnny slips in under Frank's other arm.
48) 11) text: Frank puts his finger on the squawk bar, about to say something, but just at that moment his son Johnny appears the doorway in his pajamas.
48) 12) dialog: Daddy, come up and sing the baseball.
49) 4) text: John looks up at the photo on the wall: FRANK, JULIA AND YEAR OLD JOHNNY SULLIVAN (CIRCA 1969).  A beat, then:
50) 0) text: Moonlight casts a glow over the sleeping Johnny.  Frank s in and stands looking down at him.
77) 5) dialog: I'm right here, Daddy.
77) 6) text: Frank turns.  Johnny, sleepy faced, wrapped in his blanki stands just outside the room - he looks a little scared.
77) 8) text: Johnny shuffles over, Frank lifts him up on his knee - brushes the hair out of his face...and gets an idea.
78) 0) text: Streetlights flood the tree-lined street.  Frank & Johnny standing next to the little red bicycle.
78) 2) text: Johnny's eyes: SHAME & FEAR - doesn't want to disappoint father again, but too scared to get on the bike.  Frank reaches out, holds Johnny's hand.
78) 3) dialog: I'm scared.
78) 5) dialog: Daddy, Daddy, I can't.
78) 7) text: A long beat.  Johnny takes a deep breath, nods OK, slowly getting on the bike.  Frank's holding on to the seat.
78) 9) text: Johnny takes a gulp of air, starts pedaling.  Slowly movi forward.  The bike picks up some speed.
78) 11) dialog: Wait...
78) 14) dialog: Okay!
78) 15) text: Frank lets go.  Johnny keeps pumping those little six-yea old legs.  A bit wobbly at first, but he's gonna make it. Johnny's eyes: determination & self-confidence.
78) 17) dialog: I'm doing it!  I'm doing it!
78) 20) text: Johnny blissfully riding around Frank in a big gentle cir Frank slowly spins around keeping his eyes on his Little Chief.
79) 0) text: John walks in the front door, takes off his coat... The house looks different.  Cleaner, furnishings less rag John moves through his home, taking in the subtle changes He reaches the study.  And there, beside the desk, is something that makes him stop: A PHOTOGRAPH on the wall beside the desk -- FRANK, JULIA FOURTEEN YEAR-OLD JOHNNY SULLIVAN.
93) 0) text: Julia is at the door watching Frank tuck Johnny in.  John wears his Mets' cap and cradles his baseball glove.  He's that exhausted/excited kid moment before sleep sets in.
93) 2) text: Johnny's eyes close.
107) 0) text: Frank and Julia stand on the porch, eyes on Johnny - up p bedtime, proudly riding his bike up and down the street.
108) 39) text: Hearing voices, Johnny, Gordo and Elvis wander in from th family room.  They are in their pj's...a sleepover.  Juli gives them a smile, turns back to the radio.
108) 51) text: Julia scoops Johnny up, carrying him off to bed.  But lit Gordo does not follow...fascinated by the radio.
136) 0) text: Johnny and Gordo sit cross-legged in front of the TV.  TH WORLD SERIES is on.  Game 5.  First inning. Julia is busy bringing in groceries from her car. INTERCUT FRANK AND JOHN.
136) 16) text: Frank releases the squawk bar. Johnny and Gordo remain fixed on the game, oblivious to anything else.  In the kitchen, we can see Julia moving around putting away the groceries.
137) 0) text: ...and towards a spot halfway between the house and the c From inside the house, Johnny and Gordo have begun to tak the activity.
138) 0) text: Julia, who has been watching through a front room window Johnny, moves to meet Frank.  Behind Frank, Satch signals Phil and the uniforms that all is okay, giving Frank a co of steps on him. Frank steps into the house and wraps his arms around Juli turning so he can see both Satch outside and where he wan to go inside.
139) 8) text: -- and the movement yanks the mic cord to the radio tight dragging it to the edge of the desk. Johnny tears into the room and clutches onto his mother. "Daddy, Daddy!"
139) 14) text: We see what John sees in 1998.  But we also go inside his mind and glimpse flashes of new childhood memories.  Memo of seeing his father arrested for murder.  Images that ma JOHNNY'S POV from moments ago in 1969.
182) 0) text: JOHNNY is asleep in bed.  Elvis sleeps at the foot of it. the shadows next to them, Julia sits very still in a rock chair, half-asleep, half-awake.  Staring out the window. eyes are bloodshot.  She has been through hell. A faint STAIRWAY CREAK.  Elvis stirs.  He looks up to SEE FRANK standing in the doorway.  He looks a wreck.
197) 0) text: Johnny stirs awake at the sound of the scream...
206) 6) text: He is right.  Frank hesitates.  Shepard LUNGES, grabbing shotgun barrel. BOOM!  Frank FIRES.  BUCKSHOT RIPS THROUGH THE AIR. SHEPARD'S RIGHT HAND EXPLODES...blood spattering everywhe Like a wounded animal, Shepard bolts, blowing past Frank. Frank gently wraps Julia in a towel.  The fading sound of Shepard thundering down the stairs.  Out the door. And then softer footsteps.  Coming closer.  Johnny appear the doorway.  Safe and sound.