15) 0) text: JULIA SULLIVAN, 32, is rockin' out, chopping vegetables.
15) 1) dialog: (singing to song) ...show me 'round the smokey mountains way down south...
15) 2) text: Adorable, sweet and strong.  Strawberry blonde hair, sapp eyes, soft earthy vibe.  A beauty. Frank, wearing FDNY sweats, moves into the kitchen flippi the softball from hand to hand.  Julia turns to him and r her eyes at the sight of the ball.  Say no more.
15) 4) dialog: Hey, bud.
17) 0) text: With a shrug, and sharing a kids will be kids smile with Julia, he grabs a cold Rheingold from the refrigerator an heads into...
18) 2) dialog: (from kitchen) Well, why not a little of the King?
18) 3) text: Julia crosses her eyes, as if she could stop him.  Frank moves to change records.
19) 1) dialog: Damn.
19) 3) dialog: I think I ruined the sauce...again.
19) 4) text: As Elvis' SUSPICIOUS MINDS plays, Frank steps back in, mo up behind Julia, and takes her in his arms.
19) 6) dialog: You didn't marry Donna Reed.
19) 11) dialog: How was your tour?
19) 13) text: Frank spots Johnny and Gordo staring at them.  He winks a the boys and swings Julia into a Fred Astaire dip.
19) 14) dialog: (loaded) Butch called.
19) 16) dialog: He did.
19) 18) dialog: Nothing wrong with old age, Frank...long as you get there.
19) 19) text: With a laugh, Frank drops Julia into another dip.  As the music fades, we...
20) 8) text: Frank let's go.  Johnny's pumping those little six year-o legs, but he starts to wobble out of control -- CRASH! Johnny starts to cry, quickly gets up and runs back to th house.  Julia comes out of the kitchen door.  Johnny runs into her arms.
20) 10) text: Johnny tears himself from Julia's arms, runs inside. Frustrated, Frank lights up another cigarette.
20) 11) dialog: Don't be so tough on him Frank, he's six years old. (softer) He just needs to know you're right there behind him.
29) 2) text: BANG.  Slams down the phone.  And stares around the room. WE'VE BEEN IN THIS HOUSE BEFORE -- 29 YEARS AGO.  This wa Frank and Julia sullivan's house.  Time has not been good it.  Furnishings haven't changed much, but the house is missing the warmth it had when a family filled it with lo John's eyes dart to a PHOTOGRAPH next to the desk.  It is picture of THE SULLIVAN FAMILY from back then.  Too many memories.  He grabs his coat, heads out...
37) 2) dialog: (answering machine voice) Hi, this is Julia.  Please leave a message after the tone.
39) 3) text: Silence.  The signal is gone.  Frank leans forward, jiggl the frequency dial, trying to regain the signal.  No luck Slightly frustrated, he stands and opens the glass doors the family room where Julia is watching TV - a very young STEPHEN HAWKING is being interviewed by WALTER CRONKITE,
39) 4) dialog: Frankie, Johnny wants to say goodnight.
43) 3) text: They square off.  Pretending to fight.  Julia steps betwe them.  And they all descend into laughter. Frank and Satch each wrap an arm around Julia and start o Within a step, Johnny slips in under Frank's other arm.
47) 1) text: the woman holding the cartons: JULIA SULLIVAN, 29 YEARS O than the last time we saw her.  But she looks okay, she l happy. We are in the kitchen of Julia's Upper West Side apartmen It is raining.  We notice THE GEORGE WASHINGTON BRIDGE outside a BAY WINDOW.
47) 2) dialog: (calling out) I thought it'd be nicer to eat here.
47) 4) dialog: (walking into the other room) I'm sorry Sam couldn't make it.
47) 6) text: Julia hands John a Coke.  Close on her face - she feels h son's pain.
47) 7) dialog: I'm sure everything'll work out. (beat) She really loves you...
47) 9) dialog: Fine.  You know Dr. Schwartz retired last month?
47) 11) dialog: Close.
47) 14) dialog: Oh, I loved it.  I wish you'd gone.
47) 16) dialog: You work too hard, John.
47) 18) text: They share a laugh.  And then slowly the laughter dies. John's expression changes as he quietly lights a cigarett Julia knows what he's thinking...
47) 19) dialog: 29-years tomorrow.
47) 22) text: Julia glances at an old photo of Frank, then back to John
47) 23) dialog: You would have liked him, John.  And he would have liked you.
49) 4) text: John looks up at the photo on the wall: FRANK, JULIA AND YEAR OLD JOHNNY SULLIVAN (CIRCA 1969).  A beat, then:
79) 0) text: John walks in the front door, takes off his coat... The house looks different.  Cleaner, furnishings less rag John moves through his home, taking in the subtle changes He reaches the study.  And there, beside the desk, is something that makes him stop: A PHOTOGRAPH on the wall beside the desk -- FRANK, JULIA FOURTEEN YEAR-OLD JOHNNY SULLIVAN.
79) 2) text: The picture changed.  John aged from 6 to 14.  Julia's hairstyle and clothes changed from 60's to 70's.  Frank's hair receded and grayed.  Jon is staring at evidence of a history that didn't exist before. John grabs the old family scrapbook he found in Frank's trunk.  Opens it, unfolds "FIREMAN KILLED" CLIPPING. The main headline still reads: "OCTOBER 13, 1969.  AMAZIN
80) 0) text: Through several glass windows a CLOCK READS: 11:52 PM. Julia and other medical personnel are working on a heart attach victim and they are winning.  She is in charge and is impressive.  Cool...efficient...expert. A sixth sense causes her to look up to see: FRANK. Standing behind the windows.  Motionless.  Gazing at his wife. Julia holds on him for a split second, concern and surpri etching across her face.  She turns back to her work, the says something to another ER nurse, who nods okay.  Satis the patient is out of the woods, she peels off her gloves heads for the door.
81) 0) text: Julia steps through the door as Frank approaches.
81) 1) dialog: Frank...what's wrong?
81) 5) dialog: Frankie, what is it?
81) 6) text: But Frank is silent.  So they just stand there, holding e other.  And then Julia notices the burn and scrape marks Frank's arms and neck. JULIA (cont'd) I got a bad feeling today...I was worried.
81) 9) dialog: Where's Johnny?
81) 11) dialog: You give him his drops?
81) 13) dialog: Probably marry some rich doctor and never have to work...
81) 14) text: Julia sees something through a glass door that stops her short.  A YOUNG INTERN is standing over a gurneyed PATIEN The YOUNG INTERN is changing the I.V. BAG. JULIA (cont'd) What's he doing?  Frank, I gotta...
82) 0) text: Julia interrupts the Young Intern as he hooks up the bag.
82) 1) dialog: Excuse me doctor, is that Benazepril?
82) 3) text: Julia quickly shuts off the I.V.
82) 4) dialog: I gave this patient 50 mills of Benedryal on admittance. (unhooking I.V. bag) Mix them and he's dead.
82) 6) dialog: It's in his chart.
82) 7) text: The intern steps back: "Oh shit."  Julia takes charge. The patient stirs: a SCRAGGLY HIPPIE, looks kind of like Pacino in SERPICO.  A breathing mask covers his bearded f Barely conscious, his eyes focus on Julia. After a quick double check of the patient, Julia looks up Through the glass door she can see Frank watching.
82) 9) dialog: (mouthing back) I love you more.
89) 0) text: John knocks on the door.  It opens to reveal a Jamaican w clutching a crying infant, a toddler hanging off her leg. Behind them we half recognize Julia's apartment.  We know it's her apartment because of the BAY WINDOW and the view THE GEORGE WASHINGTON BRIDGE.  But everything else is different.  Different furniture.  Different pain job. John stands speechless.  The Jamaican woman regards him..
93) 0) text: Julia is at the door watching Frank tuck Johnny in.  John wears his Mets' cap and cradles his baseball glove.  He's that exhausted/excited kid moment before sleep sets in.
93) 3) dialog: Boy is he excited about the game tomorrow.
94) 0) text: Marvin Gaye plays from the HI-FI.  Frank grabs a beer, as Julia comes in -- putting on her coat while taking her ke from a hook.  She's wearing her nurse's uniform.
94) 1) dialog: I'm off.
94) 3) dialog: (stepping to him) Do you know how much I love you?
96) 0) text: John enters, plunks the Nightingale file on the desk.;  H stares at the FAMILY PHOTOGRAPH on the wall. JULIA IS MISSING.   A look of loss in Frank and John's fa John fingers the Nightingale file.  A nightmare. He hits the ANSWERING MACHINE BUTTON to hear Samantha's halting message.  As that plays...
107) 0) text: Frank and Julia stand on the porch, eyes on Johnny - up p bedtime, proudly riding his bike up and down the street.
107) 1) dialog: (a stretch and a yawn) I think I'm gonna head up, take a shower. (slight smile) You wanna tuck the monster in and join me?
107) 3) dialog: What's the matter?
107) 6) dialog: Okay...
107) 8) dialog: Honey, what is it?  Just tell me.
107) 10) dialog: I know.  He loves that thing.
107) 13) dialog: Sounds like fun.
107) 15) dialog: I'll be upstairs...if you want to play.
107) 17) dialog: So am I.
108) 27) text: Julia walks into the study.
108) 32) dialog: The future guy?
108) 37) dialog: Hey, future boy.  Frank tells me you're a cop?
108) 40) dialog: My six year-old here keeps telling me he wants to be a policeman.  Right after he retires from the majors.  We just gave him a badge and a whistle for his birthday.
108) 42) dialog: You're mom sounds like she's got some smarts.
108) 44) dialog: Are you a good cop, John?
108) 46) dialog: Then I'll bet she's real proud of you, huh?
108) 48) dialog: I'm sorry.  I didn't realize... (beat) But she knew, John.  A mother knows what's in her son's heart.
108) 50) dialog: I better go.  It's been good talking with you.
108) 51) text: Julia scoops Johnny up, carrying him off to bed.  But lit Gordo does not follow...fascinated by the radio.
108) 63) text: The sound of Julia's voice calling Gordo to bed.  Gordo scampers out.  Static filters through both radios, then..
131) 33) dialog: Then you gotta hide it somewhere. Somewhere where nobody's gonna find it...for 29 years! (looking around the room) Put it under the loose floorboard by the window!
136) 0) text: Johnny and Gordo sit cross-legged in front of the TV.  TH WORLD SERIES is on.  Game 5.  First inning. Julia is busy bringing in groceries from her car. INTERCUT FRANK AND JOHN.
136) 3) text: In the B.G. of Frank's house a DOORBELL RINGS.  Julia can seen going to answer it.  It is Satch.  There are ad lib greetings that we don't clearly hear.
136) 16) text: Frank releases the squawk bar. Johnny and Gordo remain fixed on the game, oblivious to anything else.  In the kitchen, we can see Julia moving around putting away the groceries.
136) 19) text: Julia now becomes aware of the tension in the voices in t other room.  She looks outside and sees Phil and the uniforms.  She looks at Frank and Satch with confusion. Frank hits the squawk bar again.  He wants John to hear t
136) 26) text: A long beat.  Frank sees Julia staring at them.  She is n bundle of growing anxiety.  Frank stands up.
138) 0) text: Julia, who has been watching through a front room window Johnny, moves to meet Frank.  Behind Frank, Satch signals Phil and the uniforms that all is okay, giving Frank a co of steps on him. Frank steps into the house and wraps his arms around Juli turning so he can see both Satch outside and where he wan to go inside.
139) 0) text: Frank moves Julia toward teh desk, lulling Satch a moment then quickly steps to the HAM radio and hits the squawk b
139) 4) text: Julia stares dumbfounded at Frank.
139) 6) text: Satch strides by Julia and reaches to take Frank's elbow. Frank wheels at the sound of his name and the touch, and lurches back from Satch.
141) 0) text: Satch walks down the stairs.  Julia alone on the bench. She sees Satch approaching, stands up, looking at him for answer, for an explanation...for hope.
141) 2) text: Julia nods okay.  They exit the precinct house and into..
142) 0) text: ...the street.  Around the corner we catch sight of someo familiar - someone Julia and Satch don't recognize: Shepa
144) 0) text: Satch and Julia sit at a booth in the back.  Satch stirs coffee, trying to start a very hard conversation.  As he struggles to begin, the camera notices something in the B At the counter: a few stray people gathered around watchi the WORLD SERIES on an old TV. AUDIO COMES UP.
150) 0) text: Julia's crying.  Satch has no words to comfort her, now w of explaining any of this.  He reaches out across the table...taking her hand.  And as they sit quietly. CAMERA tracks towards the counter.  And we hear something that Satch does not.  The sound of a voice.  TV ANNOUNCER THE SERIES...
153) 0) text: Satch looks past Julia, distracted, curious.
153) 2) text: Julia seems bewildered as Satch gets up out of the booth, making his way through the restaurant and towards the TV.
157) 0) text: Satch is riveted to the TV as Clendenon steps up to the plate.  Strike on. Satch jumps - Julia has come up behind him, touching him the shoulder.  She looks mad: how the hell can he be watc the ball game at a time like this?
157) 1) dialog: What's going on, Satch?
165) 0) text: Nobody breathes.  All eyes on the TV. The count is now 2-2.  The pitch is a high fastball. Clendenon takes a massive swing.  He nails it.  HOME RUN! The coffee shop breaks into cheers.  Everyone screaming t heads off.  Everyone except Satch, who just stands there, complete and utter shock.  Julia looking at him questioningly.
165) 2) dialog: Then you believe him?
165) 4) text: And they hug.  The weight of the world sliding off Julia' shoulders.  But someone is trying to get Satch's attentio It is the counter man, he's holding a phone. Satch takes the phone, beat, his face goes ashen.
180) 7) dialog: (over phone) Hello?
182) 0) text: JOHNNY is asleep in bed.  Elvis sleeps at the foot of it. the shadows next to them, Julia sits very still in a rock chair, half-asleep, half-awake.  Staring out the window. eyes are bloodshot.  She has been through hell. A faint STAIRWAY CREAK.  Elvis stirs.  He looks up to SEE FRANK standing in the doorway.  He looks a wreck.
182) 2) dialog: Frank...
183) 0) text: Relatively cleaned up, but very bruised, Frank is at the desk, trying to repair the DISASSMBLED RADIO.  Julia come and sets down a cup of coffee.  She kisses him on the top his head, casts a wondering eye on the radio, and leaves.
192) 0) text: Julia luxuriates in a steaming shower.  Singing, softly.
195) 0) text: Julia smiles as she sees a figure through the curtain.
195) 1) dialog: Hey, Bud.  Want to join me?
195) 4) text: Julia lets out a bloodcurling scream and plasters herself against the shower wall.
199) 0) text: Julia is paralyzed against the wall.  Staring into the de as-marble eyes of Shepard.  He looks her up and down.
202) 0) text: Shepard's hands are moving towards Julia's breasts.  SUDD she lashes out, DIGGING HER NAILS DEEP INTO SHEPARD'S FACE...TEARING FLESH, DRAWING BLOOD.
203) 0) text: CLOSE ON SHEPARD, struggling with John.  A LARGE SCAR ETC ONTO HIS FACE, in the exact spot where Julia dug her nail 29-years ago.  BANG!!  BANG!!
204) 0) text: Shepard grabs Julia by the throat.  Slams her against the wall, knocking her unconscious onto the shower floor.  He touches the GASH on his face, stares at the blood.
206) 0) text: Shepard is on top of Julia in the shower.  He uncoils the garrote, snaps it taut, and starts around her neck. And then a SOUND.  Instantly recognizable.  Beyond adequa description.  But once you've heard it, you don't forget it...
206) 6) text: He is right.  Frank hesitates.  Shepard LUNGES, grabbing shotgun barrel. BOOM!  Frank FIRES.  BUCKSHOT RIPS THROUGH THE AIR. SHEPARD'S RIGHT HAND EXPLODES...blood spattering everywhe Like a wounded animal, Shepard bolts, blowing past Frank. Frank gently wraps Julia in a towel.  The fading sound of Shepard thundering down the stairs.  Out the door. And then softer footsteps.  Coming closer.  Johnny appear the doorway.  Safe and sound.
208) 4) text: Frank sneers at Gib, then glances up at GIB's WIFE in the bleachers.  She looks familiar, it's the girl Frank saved the warehouse 29-years ago. PHIRE POWER twirls his arm... Frank takes a big swing...contact...the ball fouls back behind the plate.  Towards the parking lot.  Where among old Chevys and Fords sits a brand new MERCEDES.  The cust license plate reads: YAHOO. CRASH!  Frank's foul ball comes down hard.  As the Merced windshield spiderwebs we hear an off-camera scream... It is Gordo, jumping up, running across the field.  From parking lot his eyes meet Frank's.  An I'M SORRY shrug, a Frank turns his attention back to the game. The next pitch is high and outside. Frank takes a looping swing...driving the ball to the gap right center.  Frank jogs to first.  An easy single. From first, Frank glances over at the third base coach: JULIA.  Her hair pinned up under a Mets cap, Julia puts t fingers in her mouth and belts out a loud whistle as... The next batter steps out of the dugout.  It is John Sullivan.
208) 7) text: PHIRE POWER uncorks the fastest softball pitch you've eve seen.  John jumps on it.  Rips a massive shot to deep cen way over the fence. The crew in the stands are on their feet, cheering. Frank rounds third, John catches up.  A double high-five Julia and they jog home together.  The game is over. Frank puts his arm around John.  Heading for the bleacher A little boy totters up to them.  Jumping into John's arm His name is Frank Jr.