24) 0) text: THROUGH the screen door, we are CLOSE ON A MAN'S FACE, staring out... JOHN F. SULLIVAN, 35.  John's eyes tell us needs more than just a shave and a good night's sleep.  T man has demons.  Right now he is LOOKING OUT AT: SAMANTHA TAYLOR, 33.  A knockout.  Dark blonde hair, pier blue eyes.  Not happy.  She jams a suitcase into the back seat of her car and starts back for the house.
25) 0) text: Samantha strides in past John towards a washer/dryer.
25) 1) dialog: I've been walking out for the last six months.  You didn't notice...or care.
26) 2) dialog: Damn you.  I tried.  But you wouldn't help me.
27) 0) text: Samantha steps into the bedroom to an open suitcase and travel bag.  She starts jamming the clean clothes into th suitcase and then begins to close the case and bag.
27) 4) text: And suddenly Samantha's tears turn to anger.
27) 5) dialog: That's not true and you know it.
27) 7) dialog: Goodbye, Chief.
27) 8) text: John stands immobilized in the middle of the room.  He lo down and spots a TEDDY BEAR half stuck under a reading ch And then to a photo of him and Sam at a CARNIVAL SHOOTING GALLERY.  Sam's holding the teddy bear.  John turns at th SOUND of the backdoor slamming.  Looks out a window down Samantha getting in her car and driving away.
95) 0) text: John pulls in past SAMANTHA'S CAR as she comes out the ba door with the Teddy Bear and other stuff she left behind. John gets out of his car, clutching the 'Nightingale' fil his eyes are red, swollen by tears and booze.
95) 1) dialog: John, are you all right?
95) 4) text: Samantha jumps, frightened.
95) 5) dialog: Ellen said you were working.  I just wanted to pick up the rest...
96) 0) text: John enters, plunks the Nightingale file on the desk.;  H stares at the FAMILY PHOTOGRAPH on the wall. JULIA IS MISSING.   A look of loss in Frank and John's fa John fingers the Nightingale file.  A nightmare. He hits the ANSWERING MACHINE BUTTON to hear Samantha's halting message.  As that plays...
208) 9) text: John gives his son a kiss, glances up at Samantha in the bleachers.   They share a smile.  And as they step off th field, his little boy reaches up, takes John's hat off hi head and puts it on his own...