43) 0) text: The same Little League field that Frank circled on his Ha yesterday, October 10, 1969.  And the same field at which John sat in the stands drinking last night, October 10, 1 We are in the 9th inning of a friendly SOFTBALL GAME betw the local COPS and FIREMEN.  A lot of NYPD and FDNY T-shi sweats and caps.  Plenty of Mets stuff, too. Having made the catch, Frank coolly pulls the ball from h mitt as he starts running toward the infield diamond. Tagging up at 3rd, sorely tempted to try for home is SATC DELEON, 30, NYPD Detective.  Satch feints for the plate, Frank feints the throw.  For a maddening, gleeful moment, Frank has Satch caught between 3rd and home. In the STANDS, Johnny Sullivan, Marge Hersch and the FAMI of the other ballplayers scream for whomever they want to this game of chicken. On the SIDELINES, Johnny, Gordo and the other KIDS servin BATBOYS and WATERBOYS, jump around in anticipation. At HOME, Butch Foster stations himself to take the throw. Suddenly, Satch fakes to 3rd, then bolts for home.  Frank pegs it to Butch, who tags the sliding Satch.  Game over.
43) 1) dialog: Lucky throw, fire boy.
43) 3) text: They square off.  Pretending to fight.  Julia steps betwe them.  And they all descend into laughter. Frank and Satch each wrap an arm around Julia and start o Within a step, Johnny slips in under Frank's other arm.
44) 0) text: A DETECTIVE'S CAR pulls up next to a couple of BLUE & WHI at West 155th St.  The Northern tip of Manhattan Island. Across construction barricades is a half-torn down GREEK RESTAURANT.  Several UNIFORMS can be seen beyond it, look at something on the ground. As John exits the car, the passenger door swings open and MEET a guy we haven't seen in 29 YEARS - SATCHEL DELEON, Shaved head, square jaw.  A ram-rod straight, craggy warr Thirty-plus years on the force now endow him with a rare combination of smarts, guts and sense of humor.
44) 1) dialog: (as they walk) Don't choke on your pride, Sull.  You ain't ever gonna catch another one like that.
44) 3) dialog: Nothing you're willing to do.
44) 4) text: Spotting John and Satch, a UNIFORM approaches them.  They keep on walking.
44) 7) text: The uniform leads John and Satch around some overgrown we to SEE a patch of freshly unearthed dirt...out of which sticks a HUMAN SKULL and COLLAR BONE. In the B.G., a CRIME SCENE unit can be seen arriving by v
44) 8) dialog: Be real careful when pulling it out.  And get the dirt around it.
44) 9) text: As Satch turns to talk to a second UNIFORM and a couple o SURVEYORS, John notices a man raking leaves in a yard not away.  As he starts to him, to Satch:
46) 0) text: THUNDER in the distance.  CRIME SCENE personnel have made some progress in unearthing the skeletal remains.  A coup of drops of rain tap the ground and the bones. John stands looking down at the skeleton.  A long beat. then he turns to Satch and they start for the car.  Behin them, the skeleton is carefully pulled free from the grou WE SEE its wrists are BOUND with GLASS TAPE.
56) 0) text: John moves through the crowd of cops - ad lib greetings - slides into a booth occupied by Satch and Gordo.
56) 3) dialog: You get your roof fixed?
58) 2) dialog: You doin' okay, John?
58) 4) text: Satch and Gordo nod in sympathy.  Gordo raises his glass. Satch and John follow.  A yearly ritual.
58) 5) dialog: To your dad.
70) 2) dialog: Just keep him away from girls.
70) 4) dialog: (repeat) Just keep him away from girls.
76) 5) dialog: You're not looking too good.
76) 15) text: His hand shaking, John takes a long sip of his beer.  Gor and Satch exchange a concerned look.
76) 16) dialog: Maybe you outta lay off a little...
85) 0) text: THE NIGHTMARE REPEATS - like some horrible instant replay MEN and WOMEN, standing and sitting, seen only from the w down.  All wearing dark clothes and speaking in hushed voices.  FLASHES OF FACES SWIMMING INTO THE POV...indisti blurring into each other.  Is that UNCLE BUTCH?  SATCH?
90) 0) text: ON SATCH, scavenging the fridge while absorbed in some papers. Through the open door he SPOTS JOHN across the squad room Even at that distance, Satch can see John's unsteady walk fucked up demeanor.  Satch's eyes go to stone.
91) 0) text: John leans over the sink, wet paper towels pressed to his face.  He barely reacts to the SOUND of the door.  He doe react to the silence that follows.  Satch stands in the doorway...looking him over.
91) 3) dialog: Another rough night, huh?  That it?
91) 5) text: John moves for the door.  But Satch grabs him, slams him against the wall.  Startled, John freezes.
91) 6) dialog: Do not disrespect me.  Disrespect yourself all you want.  But not me.  Or anybody else around here.  You got that?
91) 8) dialog: This is getting real old, John.  And I'm tired up to here with it...
91) 10) dialog: And I'm tired of the I'm sorrys.  I don't need 'em.  What I need is a partner I can count on. (pause; softens) I care about you.  Not cause of me and your old man.  Not cause of your mom. But because of you.
91) 11) text: Satch steps back.  An awkward beat.
91) 12) dialog: We got the preliminary forensics on that skeleton. (opening door to the squad) Your gonna want to look at it.
92) 0) text: Satch and John approach their adjoining desks.  Satch sli an 8X10 PHOTO off the top of an OLD YELLOWED POLICE FILE hands it to John.  It is a picture of the skeleton discov behind the Greek Diner.  But what catches John's attentio what picks at his subconscious, is the decaying GLASS TAP binding the wrists.
92) 1) dialog: Bad memories... (re: photo) You imagine the odds...us diggin' up a Nightingale Murder?
92) 2) text: John looks from the photo to the file on Satch's desk.  I reads: NIGHTINGALE MURDERS.  John slowly sinks into his chair.
92) 3) dialog: She makes ten.
92) 5) dialog: What're you talking'?  You know better than anybody, John.  You've read this file a thousand times.
101) 0) text: Satch and a YOUNG DETECTIVE stand at the sinks, washing u
101) 2) text: Satch shrugs a yes.  Wipes his hands and heads out into t squad.  The Young Detective follows.
102) 2) dialog: Any word on our bones?
102) 3) text: John shakes his head no.  Young Detective joins Satch at coffee machine.  John overhears:
102) 5) dialog: You're pulling over with a .44 bulldog tucked in your pants getting ready to blow somebody's brains out...I  figure the last thing you're thinking about is alternate side of the street parking.
102) 8) dialog: That wasn't luck, Johnny boy.  That was smarts and ten plus on the job.
104) 2) text: Satch is alerted by John's sudden burst of energy.
106) 0) text: John hangs up the phone.  Satch looks at him, "Whatta we got?"
106) 2) dialog: (looking at corkboard) April 16...?  That means she was the first.
106) 4) dialog: This case just got hot.  We pull on this string...
106) 5) text: But for some strange reason John has stopped listening to Satch.  Something else has got his full attention.  It is Nightingale file that lays open on his desk.  It is changing...Karen Reynolds' forensic photo disappears. In everything about her, all evidence of her murder - police reports, photos, witness reports - is GONE. John's eyes shoot to the corkboard.  The head shot of Kar Reynolds and the date of her murder are also GONE.  John looks between the file and the board.
110) 0) text: John and Satch stand at the urinals.
110) 2) dialog: Mind if I shake it off first...so's I can concentrate better.
110) 3) text: John waits for Satch to finish.   Then, as they head out the hallway...
111) 0) text: The first guy passed away ten years ago.  The second one in Vietnam. The room has a HOLDING PEN opposite the door.  A table is pushed up against the door wall and a more elaborate layo of the murder victims, paperwork, and calendar/timeline graphs sit on the table and are pinned on a cork board. Finelli's uniform is there. John shows Satch a photo in Mary Finelli's year book.
111) 2) text: Satch looks, nods, and steps back.  Waits for more.  John hands him Daryl Adams' rap sheet.
111) 4) dialog: So you figure the murders stop 'cause he's off the street.  Then by the time he gets paroled, he's smartened up enough to control himself?
111) 6) dialog: Uh, huh.
111) 8) dialog: I'm just trying to figure what interests me more: the possibility that Daryl is the guy, or you making him absolutely the guy.
116) 0) text: A clock on the wall reads: 9:35PM The Nightingale murders display has been removed.  Daryl at the table in the middle of the room.  John sits opposi him.  Satch leans against the two-way mirror wall.
116) 7) text: Satch can see this is going nowhere.
118) 0) text: A CLOCK reflected in the two-way mirror.  12:15PM. Satch stands drinking a cup of coffee behind the mirror. Before him, through the glass, sits Daryl Adams, with Joh pacing like a panther ready to spring. Suddenly, he slaps down crime scene homicide photos of several women in front of Daryl, who blanches...
120) 0) text: The clock reads 1:30AM. John sits at the end of the table, opposite Daryl.  His q masks the dark menace he is barely in control of.  Daryl stares at him like a deer caught in the headlights. Satch sets a Coke before Daryl and starts to leave the ro
120) 1) dialog: I gotta take a leak. (to Daryl) You need to use the head?  You can, y'know.  If you want to.
122) 0) text: Satch enters with a fresh cup of coffee, settles back to watch.
122) 6) dialog: John.
122) 7) text: John freezes.  Looks towards Satch.
122) 8) dialog: Got a minute?
122) 10) text: Satch opens the door and steps out.  John collects his wa badge and gun and follows.
123) 1) dialog: He ain't our guy, John.
123) 4) dialog: If he was gonna give something up he would'a done it already.
136) 3) text: In the B.G. of Frank's house a DOORBELL RINGS.  Julia can seen going to answer it.  It is Satch.  There are ad lib greetings that we don't clearly hear.
136) 5) text: Satch steps into the study...1969.
136) 7) dialog: Hello, Frank.
136) 8) text: Frank's hand lifts off the squawk bar.  He notes Satch's and demeanor.
136) 11) dialog: Frank, we need to talk...
136) 13) text: Frank suddenly spots something through the front window. Satch's partner, PHIL HAYES, and TWO UNIFORMS out at the curb. Half a penny drops.  All his senses go on alert.  And instinct kicks...he hits the squawk bar.
136) 15) dialog: I'm sorry, Frank, but you need to come outside.
136) 19) text: Julia now becomes aware of the tension in the voices in t other room.  She looks outside and sees Phil and the uniforms.  She looks at Frank and Satch with confusion. Frank hits the squawk bar again.  He wants John to hear t
136) 21) dialog: I think you know, Frank.
136) 23) dialog: Let's go outside and talk.  We need to do that.
136) 25) dialog: Let's go.  Do us both a favor.
136) 28) text: And then he and Satch walk out the front door.
137) 1) dialog: Where were you last night, Frank?
137) 4) dialog: Do you know where I found this?
137) 6) dialog: 415 Greenwich St.  #302.  Under the body of a murdered woman.
137) 8) dialog: I wanna be wrong here.  But we need to go to the precinct and talk about it.
137) 10) dialog: You can talk to Julia.  Forget the radio.
138) 0) text: Julia, who has been watching through a front room window Johnny, moves to meet Frank.  Behind Frank, Satch signals Phil and the uniforms that all is okay, giving Frank a co of steps on him. Frank steps into the house and wraps his arms around Juli turning so he can see both Satch outside and where he wan to go inside.
139) 0) text: Frank moves Julia toward teh desk, lulling Satch a moment then quickly steps to the HAM radio and hits the squawk b
139) 5) dialog: Frank.
139) 6) text: Satch strides by Julia and reaches to take Frank's elbow. Frank wheels at the sound of his name and the touch, and lurches back from Satch.
139) 9) dialog: That's not the deal, Frank.  Don't do this to your family.
140) 0) text: Frank sits at a metal table bolted to the floor, Satch si across.  Phil stands.  Two cups of coffee on the table. room is very bare.  Cinder block walls. Padded locks and bars over the windows.  A small metal cabinet against the far wall.  Satch and Phil smoke.  Fra does not.
140) 2) text: Satch stares at Frank with utter incredulity.  Phil light smoke, tossing the pack and the matchbook on the table.
140) 4) dialog: Uh, huh... (beat) Uh, huh.  And you got this from the guy you were talking to on the radio when I came in?
140) 6) dialog: Uh, huh.
140) 8) text: Satch looks over at Phil.
140) 9) dialog: Give me a little time with this guy.
140) 11) dialog: Frank, this is not the time to be worried about covering up if you had a thing with this girl.
140) 13) dialog: Are you listening to me?  You're in a world of shit.  An eye witness has you outside the dead girl's apartment.  We got your prints all over the place.  Plus the fucking driver's license, Frank. (beat) You gotta give me something here. Something I can believe.
140) 16) dialog: How's that?
140) 18) dialog: Frank, please...
140) 20) dialog: Frank, this is insane...
140) 22) dialog: Go watch the game?  Go watch the fucking game?  Frank, they're gonna make you for Sissy Clark's murderer.  It matches the Nightingale's profile.  You understand what that means?
140) 25) text: Satch nods okay to Phil.  He closes the door.
140) 26) dialog: Whatta you want me to tell her?
140) 27) text: Frank struggles for an answer...but comes up speechless. Satch looks like his heart is breaking.  Unable to compre how Frank could have slipped this far.  A long beat, then
140) 29) text: Satch snorts, incredulous.  Frank reaches over the table takes his hand, deadly serious.
140) 31) text: Satch nods okay.  They have an understanding.
141) 0) text: Satch walks down the stairs.  Julia alone on the bench. She sees Satch approaching, stands up, looking at him for answer, for an explanation...for hope.
141) 1) dialog: (after a beat) Let's walk, get a cup of coffee.
142) 0) text: ...the street.  Around the corner we catch sight of someo familiar - someone Julia and Satch don't recognize: Shepa
144) 0) text: Satch and Julia sit at a booth in the back.  Satch stirs coffee, trying to start a very hard conversation.  As he struggles to begin, the camera notices something in the B At the counter: a few stray people gathered around watchi the WORLD SERIES on an old TV. AUDIO COMES UP.
150) 0) text: Julia's crying.  Satch has no words to comfort her, now w of explaining any of this.  He reaches out across the table...taking her hand.  And as they sit quietly. CAMERA tracks towards the counter.  And we hear something that Satch does not.  The sound of a voice.  TV ANNOUNCER THE SERIES...
153) 0) text: Satch looks past Julia, distracted, curious.
153) 1) dialog: Can you excuse me for a second?
153) 2) text: Julia seems bewildered as Satch gets up out of the booth, making his way through the restaurant and towards the TV.
157) 0) text: Satch is riveted to the TV as Clendenon steps up to the plate.  Strike on. Satch jumps - Julia has come up behind him, touching him the shoulder.  She looks mad: how the hell can he be watc the ball game at a time like this?
157) 3) dialog: (dumbfounded) I don't know.
165) 0) text: Nobody breathes.  All eyes on the TV. The count is now 2-2.  The pitch is a high fastball. Clendenon takes a massive swing.  He nails it.  HOME RUN! The coffee shop breaks into cheers.  Everyone screaming t heads off.  Everyone except Satch, who just stands there, complete and utter shock.  Julia looking at him questioningly.
165) 1) dialog: (yelling over the madness) He was right!  Everything he said.  He was telling the truth.
165) 3) dialog: Yeah I do.  You bet your life I do.
165) 4) text: And they hug.  The weight of the world sliding off Julia' shoulders.  But someone is trying to get Satch's attentio It is the counter man, he's holding a phone. Satch takes the phone, beat, his face goes ashen.
165) 5) dialog: I'm on my way...
165) 7) dialog: (to Julia) Wait here, I'll send a uniform.
165) 8) text: And Satch is gone.
167) 0) text: Satch races down the crowded block...dodging celebrating Mets' fans...bolting up the precinct steps into the house
169) 0) text: Satch charges into the lobby.  The lights start to flicke back on.  Chaos giving way to order. Satch heads for the stairs. And there is Frank, wearing Shepard's jacket and shield. in his hurry, Satch has not spotted him. Frank quickly steps behind a pillar as Satch tears by him up the stairs. Stay with Frank as he turns...calmly walking by the Sergeant's desk, gliding out the precinct door and...
174) 0) text: The door is kicked open.  Satch and Phil enter, guns draw They take in the damage from the fight.  Following the tr of blood back to the kitchen. And there, strewn across th floor are Shepard's photos of his victims, the newspaper clippings, the jewelry, and the envelope with the glass t still on it. Satch knows.
180) 1) dialog: Deleon.
180) 4) dialog: Frank.  We know.  We know it's Shepard.
181) 0) text: The area cordoned off.  Detectives and uniforms.  EMS wag An inflatable boat is being placed in the lake.  Two poli frog men are climbing into their gear. Pan over the scene to find Frank and Satch.  Frank's got blanket wrapped around him.  They talk quietly as Satch w Frank to a waiting green and white squad car.
181) 1) dialog: You missed a hell of a game, Frank.
181) 3) dialog: (to the uniform driver) Get him home safe.
181) 4) text: Satch sticks out his hand...Frank takes it.  They hold ea other's grip for some moments.  Frank starts to say "than you", but Satch silently cuts him off. Frank climbs in the car.  Satch closes the door, taps on roof, Frank is on his way home.