112) 0) text: SISSY CLARK steps off a BUS.  She crosses the street towa the club.  The bus moves out and WIPES FRAME, revealing F sitting at the intersection on his Harley. Sissy enters the club.  Frank guns the Harley into an all
113) 0) text: Business is light at this hour.  The BARTENDER is setting The Flying Nun plays on a couple TV's over the bar - the audio drowned out by loud Motown music. Frank enters and looks around.  No Sissy.  This time he d not panic.  He sits at the bar.
115) 0) text: HAWAII FIVE-O plays on the TV's, the ROLLING STONES over Frank sits at the same place we last saw him, watching Si and scanning the crowd, trying to find a face that might him pause. Sissy, looking sixty and terrific in her Go-Go waitress outfit, moves about doing business.  She steps to the bartender t0 give her drink orders and pick up prepared drinks, coming within inches of Frank.
115) 1) dialog: Give me a couple Bloodys, Gus, and a Dewars on the rocks.
115) 3) dialog: How ya doin' there?
115) 5) dialog: Right now, just fine.  Ask me later, fireman.
117) 0) text: The 11 O'clock NEWS is on TV.  A "Super" shows the Mets w Game 4.  Score 2-1.  Mets lead series: 3-1. CREEDENCE CLEARWATER PLAYS out of the sound system. Sissy takes the order from a LONG HAIRED GUY  down the ba his back to the camera, and starts towards the cash regis area.  The bartender serves Frank another club soda.  As Frank drinks the bartender pulls a PACK OF CIGARETTES fro his shirt pocket.  But the pack is empty.
119) 0) text: Nilsson's EVERYBODY'S TALKIN' fills the air. A sexy WOMAN approaches Frank wearing an Emma Peel body s Sissy stands nearby, giving drink orders to the bartender she can't help but smile at the following.
121) 0) text: End of the night.  The place winds down.  An old movie on TV's.  Elvis' SUSPICIOUS MINDS plays softly. Frank watches as Sissy picks up her last tip and heads to back to change into her street clothes.
121) 1) dialog: See you, Fireman.  Don't talk so much next time.
128) 4) text: Old Lady skeptically looking him up & down - noticing Fra bruised face.  She quickly closes the door. Frank reaches inside his jacket pocket, pulls out a small bent metal wire, homemade LOCKPICK.  He goes to work on Sissy's lock.  CLICK, CLICK, CLICK - got it.  He opens th door, steps inside.
129) 0) text: It's dark.  And then a sound...scratching and popping, th sound of a PHONOGRAPH NEEDLE makes when it reaches the en the vinyl and is scratching against the label. The wind catching a curtain allows the shaft of a street light to beam brightly into the room, and in one swift moment, Frank is staring at a NIGHTMARE: Sissy Clark's murdered body.  Her dress hiked above her waist.  Her pan ripped off.  Paper stuffed into her mouth. Her hands boun with glass tape.  Frank is transfixed and sickened by Sis twisted face, her eyes frozen open in horrible death.