5) 31) text: Kirk's brother ERIC and his fiance DEBBIE enter from the hall. They are both in their late thirties and good-looki for trailer trash. Debbie is about seven months pregnant.
5) 40) text: Eric and Debbie walk with Kirk down the hall.
5) 50) dialog: We've got a wedding to pay for, Kirk and...
26) 2) text: Eric and Debbie sit with Kirk's parents. There are two elderly women and another middle aged man in the room as well. Maury, who's about a hundred years old - cute and meek, fusses with an ancient VCR while smoking a cigarett
47) 35) text: Mrs. Kettner and Debbie rush out to see what Marnie is ga at. Debbie (still pregnant) is immediately threatened by way Eric is looking at Molly.
48) 61) text: DEBBIE
48) 67) text: DEBBIE
52) 1) text: Kirk's father has built a tacky little basement bar decor with neon beer signs and Eric's old trophies and ribbons. Mr. Kettner and Debbie sit at the bar and smoke as Eric stands behind the bar and serves them cocktails. Kirk com down the basement stairs and joins them. The hockey game wrap-up highlights are running on a TV mounted above the
52) 9) dialog: Don't tell him what to do. (to Eric) You're doing fine, baby.
52) 27) text: Debbie smiles and squeezes Eric's hand. Mr. Kettner nods raises his glass.
52) 32) text: Debbie lets go of Eric's hand and storms upstairs.
67) 1) text: Stainer is at his post watching the luggage on the x-ray monitor. Suddenly, he sees Kirk coming through followed b Marnie, Mr. &amp; Mrs. Kettner, Eric and Debbie (still pr They are all wearing bright yellow sweatshirts. Stainer r around the machine to hug Kirk, who looks a little numb.
81) 10) text: A wider shot reveals the NASCAR theme wedding of Eric and Debbie. Kirk stands among the groomsmen. Each are dressed in tuxes that represent the colors, numbers and sponsors certain drivers. Molly stands among the bridesmaids. Each dressed in a checkered-flag gown. Ron and Marnie are also the wedding party.
81) 11) text: Debbie hands her mulatto baby to the preacher so that she Eric can share a disgusting wide open mouth kiss. Debbie grabs Eric's ass while Eric gropes her breasts.
82) 1) text: The guests throw rice as Eric and Debbie run to a stretch Nascar limo.
82) 5) text: Eric picks up Debbie and loads her in through the window. then runs around to the other side and jumps into that window. The limo burns rubber as it peels away.