3) 1) text: More stares from more men and even a few women as we foll the legs to the check-in line. The legs glide to the fron and stop to wait for the next available ticket agent.
5) 24) dialog: Uh, oh - the ex. Awkward! (Ron and Mr. Kettner laugh) No! I'm just jack-assin' with you, pirate. Great to meet you. How you doing?
5) 28) dialog: Right. Of course. I'm sorry about your grandmother. It's just so... Well, old people, you know, what are you gonna do?
12) 95) text: Across the room they see Marnie return to Ron with a hug.
15) 15) text: Patty is over 200 pounds with a pretty face and an edge t comes from a lifetime of taking crap from morons.
25) 1) text: Kirk, still in his TSA uniform, walks past a large laundr to a small storefront next door. The chipped and faded lettering on the glass reads, "Maury Hammerstein, Attorne Law - Aggressive, Dynamic Representation Since 1942!" As Kirk reaches for the door, he notices a small hand-writte sign, "I don't make change!" He goes inside.
39) 10) text: Kirk's POV:   As her head and fist bob in front of his cr
46) 1) text: Molly drives up and stops in front of a small home on a quaint residential street.
46) 5) text: She climbs out of her car, checking the address on a smal sheet of paper. She sees Kirk sitting on the front porch.
46) 10) text: She steps up the front walk toward Kirk, who points to a little yellow note taped to the front door.
46) 46) text: The evening light is a bit dimmer as they give Noodle bac Mr. Riley. Kirk turns toward his parents' house. Now there's a car parked in the driveway and a jacked-up, kno tired pick-up parked out front. The truck has two bumper stickers ("One Nation Under GOD!" and "No Fat Chicks!") flanking a vanity license plate that reads, "ERIX-TOY." Kirk's shoulders slump at the sight of it.
47) 1) text: Kirk comes through the front door to find his father in t living room watching a hockey game.
47) 24) text: A flushing sound and then Ron comes out of the bathroom. He's buckling up. Kirk's shoulders drop again.
47) 26) dialog: I did like you said Mr. K.
47) 27) text: Eric tosses Ron and Mr. Kettner each a beer.
47) 31) text: Molly finishes her call. She's up the front steps and Kir lets her in. Eric, Ron and Mr. Kettner are stunned. Marni drops the pot and it smashes on the floor in front of her
47) 38) text: Kirk's never seen his family so impressed. He can't hide grin. Ron pops the cap off his beer and it overflows a bi
48) 1) text: Kirk, Molly, Mr. &amp; Mrs. Kettner, Marnie, Ron and Debb around the kitchen table and feast on a meatloaf dinner. Eric is at the fridge grabbing a beer. Marnie is angrily watching Ron whose eyes are all over Molly.
48) 13) text: Ron looks offended and raises a palm to indicate that...
48) 15) dialog: I got this, Kirk. Eric, before you go bad-mouthin' a whole group of people, you should know that my grandmother on my father's side is from Fresno.
48) 36) dialog: You know, Molly, I'm a business owner myself. A little restaurant.
48) 40) dialog: We serve food that people eat.   So - restaurant.
48) 96) text: Eric, Ron and Mr. Kettner each let out a quick burst of " right" laughter.
50) 1) text: ...to find Marnie at the front door putting her coat on.
50) 12) dialog: I'm coming! It was really fantastic to meet you Molly.   If you ever need a pizza...
50) 13) text: Ron gives Molly a hug that makes Marnie as uncomfortable it does Molly. He then passes Kirk as he crosses to the front door, carrying a pile of foiled over paper plates.
50) 19) dialog: Cripes Kirk! Crack a window in there pirate! HAHAHA!
50) 20) text: Ron and Marnie exit.   Kirk walks back into...
52) 49) text: Kirk turns to point up the stairs. As he glances back, he finds Molly standing on the steps listening and frowning at him. Before Kirk can get a word out, Molly storms out the house. Kirk runs upstairs but she's in her car before can get out the front door. Eric appears behind him.
58) 2) text: Stainer, Devon and Jack are around the corner as Stainer Jack are smoking a bowl. Devon hears Kirk's celebration a peers around the corner. He waves the others over. The gu come around the front to join Kirk.
60) 17) text: Molly smiles nervously. She stands in front of him, Cryin Game style. She removes her feet from her slippers and lo down at them. Kirk looks down. Even her feet are fantasti
67) 36) text: Ron comes through security and over to Kirk.
67) 42) dialog: Hey Stainer. Hey Pirate, can you spot me a twenty. I want to get me one of them travel pillows.
67) 43) text: Kirk gives Ron a twenty and Ron steps away.    Stainer is appalled. He calls after Ron.
68) 1) text: Stainer marches up to the Orange Julius. A short, doughy, plain girl works the counter. (This is the same girl that Stainer had claimed to have "boned" earlier.) She's weari an orange visor and rubber gloves. Several customers are waiting but Stainer moves to stand in front of her.
71) 4) text: Eric hangs up a high five and Kirk leaves it hanging. Kir takes a seat on the aisle next to Marnie. He gives Marnie forced smile. She puts her head on his shoulder. Pan over the window seat where Ron sits watching them, wearing his travel pillow.
71) 5) text: Suddenly, there is a commotion at the front of the plane.
78) 41) text: Joel places a cocktail in front of Kirk and then clinks h own against it.
81) 10) text: A wider shot reveals the NASCAR theme wedding of Eric and Debbie. Kirk stands among the groomsmen. Each are dressed in tuxes that represent the colors, numbers and sponsors certain drivers. Molly stands among the bridesmaids. Each dressed in a checkered-flag gown. Ron and Marnie are also the wedding party.
81) 12) text: Stainer and Wheel in the Sky kick into "Any Way You Want from a bandstand nearby. Patty dances in front of Stainer he winks back at her.
82) 6) text: Pan across the guests as they wave goodbye; Devon and his squeaky clean family, Jack and a hot date, Mr. &amp; Mrs. Kettner, Marnie &amp; Ron. Patty and Stainer - making out and Molly stand together arm in arm. Kirk holds a ceramic urn, painted with the Las Vegas skyline.