2) 1) text: Follow a pair of perfect female legs as the woman's heels click along the sidewalk, suitcase rolling behind. Althou we can't see the woman riding on these legs, we can see several men stare as she passes by on her way into...
3) 6) text: From the slightly upward angle, we see two young male tic agents. (One on each side of the legs.) One is black and white; each are dealing with customers. They simultaneous notice our woman. They suspiciously eye one another and t race is on. Each agent begins typing furiously to expedit their current customer in the hope of waiting on her next
3) 15) dialog: Grant, you don't want to lug that thing all over the airport.
3) 16) text: The agent leans back and issues a bothered sigh. He looks his right to check the progress of the BLACK AGENT, who i waiting on an old Asian woman.
3) 19) text: The Asian woman obviously did not understand a word of th question but she smiles and nods along.
3) 21) dialog: Yes.
3) 26) dialog: Yes.
3) 42) dialog: Sank you!
3) 45) text: The Asian woman is not going anywhere. The black agent le into her face and barks once like a dog. Her smile turns fear as she backs away, ending the race in a dead tie.
3) 48) text: Reverse to show the woman they were competing for. She is classy, sophisticated, blonde around thirty. Drop dead beautiful. She is startled by the sudden call from both m She laughs off her little scare and then randomly chooses black agent. He shoots a smug victory grin over to his co worker, who is being an overtly sore loser.
5) 1) text: Kirk enters to find his MOTHER, an attractive old woman, sitting with a short, plain woman about Kirk's age.
5) 13) text: MARNIE (the plain woman) stands and takes Kirk aside.
6) 1) text: In a dimly lit hospital room, a very old woman lies in a She is hooked up to an I.V. and several monitors. Kirk co in and forces a smile. Grammy's voice is weak and shaky.
11) 30) text: The creepy businessman gives the woman the finger and the looks to Molly for approval. He doesn't get it.
19) 23) text: Reese wakes up and skates out of the box but it's too lat The Sharks score and the crowd revolts. A red-haired redn woman, sitting two rows back, calls out to Molly and comp
19) 25) dialog: You idiots just cost us a goal!    I hope you're happy!
30) 14) text: A butch woman in the bar raises a glass in Molly's direct
42) 11) text: 3) He surfs the web. He reads info on the Hair Club For M site. He moves to Hot_or_Not.com. The first woman is very pretty. He rates her a seven, the next is also pretty and gets another seven, the next girl is very unattractive. H score is three. Kirk feels bad for her and rates her a te He checks his phone. He moves on to "BackDoorAsians.com."
43) 6) text: Kirk notices a woman on the landing outside behind him. can see his ass through the window. He covers up.
46) 40) text: Molly and Kirk start down the sidewalk with Noodle. An ol woman comes out of the next house with her dog on a leash
46) 42) dialog: Honey!?   Are you back in business!?
76) 15) text: A stressed-out woman in a BEEHIVE hairdo picks up a SMALL BOY's sculpture. She hails Molly.
77) 15) dialog: Two hundred.
77) 25) dialog: Two seventy five.