1) 182) text: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Backstage at a club before show. Becky seems nervous, aloof and distant. She is quie standing away from Mari, Ali and her mother: ANIA. She ha the faintest trace of an accent. Ania is being friendly and hugging Mari and Ali.
1) 183) dialog: Girls girls! I’m so proud of you.
1) 185) dialog: I never missed a show, a concert, a school play. Tell them Becky.
1) 188) dialog: Oooh my baby’s nervous! So nervous!
1) 190) dialog: You're so amazing. I’m so proud. She laughs with Mari and Ali. But Becky’s not laughing.
2) 3) dialog: How’s my grandbaby?
2) 5) dialog: You are great to that child.
2) 7) dialog: You did, when Rebecca left. Poor Daniel. Drawn into the family saga.
2) 9) dialog: Hopefully, it does. A pregnant pause. Contemplating: what if it doesn’t.
2) 11) dialog: What happened to my baby Rebecca. Did I do something that wrong? Oh Daniel. All we've put up with. For what?
2) 13) dialog: Ah. Yes. For love. 58. A quiet beat and then a knock on the door. This sequence a really rotten energy building, noise and motion growing more extreme. Things in the background, distance, hallway bump, fall and clatter. We’re heading toward motion sick territory. The crowd sounds and venue noise and neon ligh make this all feel pretty agitating. It’s just some RANDOM ROADIE who knocks.
2) 16) dialog: What are we doing here? She won't perform.
2) 18) dialog: Has to? Why?
2) 20) dialog: Opening a small venue with proteges? She’s sold out arenas. Why do you fall for it.
2) 25) dialog: Her lawyer quit. He called me.
2) 28) dialog: Alexandra, dear.
2) 41) dialog: She’s supported me for many years.
2) 49) dialog: I'm going to go talk to security. 61. Burst through the door: The Akergirls. You can tell in tw seconds that tonight is their night because they are perfectly styled in the coolest, most influential way a r band of girls in their early 20s. You see on their faces, though: the Becky panic. Because is a big show for them and the favor of letting Becky ope has already blown up in their young faces.
2) 76) dialog: Thank you for giving her this chance. She doesn’t make it easy.
2) 81) dialog: I’m not here to watch Becky inflict pain on others. There’s been enough of that to last lifetimes. I’m here because she needs me. Another silence. The energy in this room is tense and the keep being sounds in the hallway that make people jump, thinking it’s Becky. Howard enters.
2) 85) dialog: I know it, you know it. Howard checks his watch. Looks at Cassie and Roxie.
2) 98) dialog: I wanted the best for my baby girl. Music lessons. Rides to concerts. She played guitar in our church. In like a tornado comes Becky and if she knows she’s two hours late, she shows no sign. Her appearance backstage f out the cheers and applause as the exits the venue. A corridor where each open door offers a different sliver high contrast, neon light. Becky is riding high as she wa towards her throng of dependents chanting and clapping. 66.
2) 105) dialog: (tears in her eyes) Rebecca. My sweet Rebecca.
2) 107) dialog: How can you inflict such pain? Becky looks at Ania and for a moment, the clouds of her m clear and her eyes change and if it’s remotely clear to anybody what she is thinking, they don’t let on.
2) 109) dialog: Don’t be ungrateful. Tell me you know I was always there.
2) 111) dialog: Your father wanted me to give you this letter.
2) 119) dialog: (quietly, to Danny) Oh Daniel. Why? 69. Ya-Ema, clearing Becky’s aura, gives Ali a mean glance. S ignores it, and Becky’s rude remark. Taking the high road
2) 131) dialog: I‘1l join you, in a moment. 71.
2) 133) dialog: I don’t want to see what happens next. But I have one thing to say to my daughter. Danny kisses Ali on the cheek.
2) 140) dialog: (utmost certainty) No she’s not.. Ya-Ema prepares a spiritual area for Becky to be in when gets out, placing mystical objects carefully. The video camera is getting close on all of it.
2) 153) dialog: He has things he wants to say to you. I see no harm in that. Do you understand forgiveness? Can you understand regret?
2) 155) dialog: I always hoped you were better than this. Deep down I knew you weren’t. You're more like your father than you'll ever know. Ania takes the letter and grabs Becky’s hand, shoving it The forcefulness of Ania’s negativity momentarily stuns B silent, static, stunned. (So this is where she gets it... Ania exits quickly as the letter falls to the floor. Ali picks the letter up but Becky grabs at it and they become attached. Becky has slipped into a trance.
6) 64) dialog: Oh stop.
7) 3) dialog: Where’s Rebecca? Mari kisses Ania hello, same to Danny.
7) 89) dialog: Does she-- has she taken anything? Tama runs from the group over to Becky. We go with her, swooping towards Becky, getting close, finally. Becky swoops up Tama, so energized and happy to finally s her mom play for a crowd. This happiness makes Becky brea
7) 92) dialog: All I ever wanted was for you to be yourself. The roadie comes back with Zelda.
7) 98) dialog: Leave?