0) 2) dialog: Center: BECKY SOMETHING. Peroxide blonde, smeared everyth on her face from the preceding hour of show. Sweaty hair smashed to forehead. Glitter all over her face. Becky Something is a rock goddess nearing the end of her reign at the top. You can see in her glassy half-gone eye that Becky is doped up. Becky ticks her head back and forth in rhythm to people chanting her name, closes her eyes, really digs it, throw a pair of middle fingers to the ladies flanking her.
0) 3) dialog: (under breath, quietly) I always flirt with death. On one side: MARIELLE HELL. Bass. (Mari, casually.) Mari super chill, dark, mysterious, smoking, half the mess tha Becky is and with none of the hang ups. The long term relationship with her girlfriend is proof that she can succeed as a fun time drug user rock star where Becky can The other side: ALI VAN DER WOLFF. Drums. Dependable, san sober. Ali keeps the rhythm and the band on track. She handles business while Mari and Becky are using. Ali is f devoid of her partners darkness and perpetually has that denied her by the sinking ship she is stuck on, with no l preserver.
0) 4) dialog: (under breath/half- singing) I always flirt with death. The crowd still chants and when the fever pitch has been reached, Becky, Ali and Mari storm the stage to cheers. Encore time at last. Becky steps into the spotlight, a ha forming around her from the bright hair. All three have fans blowing their hair, adding to the dramatic effect. Behind them is a banner with the band’s and logo: SOMETHING SHE. THE VENUE, THE STAGE — CONTINUOUS 2
0) 5) dialog: It’s not over. No. I’m not fuckin’ finished. You know this one. (MORE )
0) 6) text: You love it. You want it. I always flirt with death! (singing, no backup) I always flirt with death. I look ill but I don’t care about it. Becky looks to Ali and Mari, Ali gives a drumstick countd Becky takes it from the top. Rough, raw and beautiful: grinding rock sung with feminine aggression. Crowd goes n (It is ‘Another Girl, Another Planet’ by The Only Ones.)
0) 7) dialog: (singing) I always flirt with death I look ill but I don’t care about it I can face your threats and stand up Straight and tall and shout about it I think I’m on another world with you With you. I’m on another planet with you You get under my skin I don’t find it irritating You always play to win But I won’t need rehabilitating oh no I think I’m on another world with you With you I’m on another planet with you. Another girl. Another planet. Another girl. Another planet. Becky’s drugged out/stage adrenaline euphoria is a thing behold as she sings, snarls and wails on her guitar. Mari looks cool as anything, cigarette dangling as she plays b
0) 8) dialog: Space travel’s in my blood There ain’t nothing I can do about it Long journeys wear me out But I don’t care anything about it. I think I’m on another world with you With you I’m on another planet with you. Another girl, who’se loving you now? Another planet, is holding you down. Another planet. Here, on stage, you see the extent to which Becky fancies herself a god. Not a rock god(dess) but an actual, untouchable, invincible god. 4. Becky is way lost in her illusions but the band sounds gr She holds it together when get sloppy and she misses a no or word here or there. The song ends and Becky drops her guitar. Screeching feed wails as the crowd goes nuts and she stumbles, dizzy and headsick, off the stage banging into things and colliding with the wall and twirling. (Feedback continues....)
0) 11) dialog: Excellent!
0) 18) dialog: There's my little princess Tama. Momma missed you. Momma missed you! Ali instinctually hesitates, holds the baby away which ma Becky give her a confused, lost look but then it passes a Ali hands the baby to Becky, who deeply loves her. Becky holds Tama, kisses her, but Becky herself is such a slopp looking mess that as Ali steps back to watch it, there’s something painfully tragic and hopeless about this messed Madonna and child tableau that Ali wants to scream.
0) 19) dialog: There she is, the princess. Danny brought her?
0) 21) dialog: Danny’s not here?
0) 23) dialog: Did he not see the show and is Ya-Ema here?
0) 26) dialog: Here the fuck am I but where’s Danny’s where’s Ya-Ema?
0) 28) dialog: And was she with him?
0) 30) dialog: (to nobody) I want her away from my kid. (as if a new girlfriend is worse than this squalor.)
0) 31) dialog: Now is he gonna come pick her up tonight or am I supposed to or what’s happening because we have that thing tomorrow so he’ll have to come pick her up first thing in the AY-EM. (yelling) Ya-Ema! You here? Show yourself!
0) 33) dialog: That’s not true. That’s not true. I hadn’t worked it out. That’s not true. An imposing, strikingly handsome black man appears in the room. He is YA-EMA, Becky’s shaman/spiritual guru of indistinct beliefs. He is dressed in mystical ways: a big amulet around his neck, some sort of a curious hat.
0) 34) dialog: Ya-Ema, darling! Becky need guidance.
0) 36) dialog: (to Ali) Time to exit this realm for a spell. If you see anything you identify as a pollutant to the energy of this space our mortal husks occupy let us KNOW so we can purge it while we have all the tools and the KNOW HOW to save us. Ya- Ema onward! C’mere Tama. They exit, Ya-Ema and Ali giving a distrusting look. Beck isn’t making sense, obviously, and the casualness with wh she carries Tama makes Ali and Kat really nervous.
0) 41) dialog: What’s she DOING here, can’t you see this is a fucking religious ceremony and you have to respect that? Danny doesn’t respect or buy Ya-Ema at all. He ignores hi
0) 43) dialog: You're a liar. You didn’t see it.
0) 45) dialog: I’m sorry was anybody speaking to you Lil’ Miss Tiff-a-knee? Tiffany. Tiffany! I can’t believe you're raising our daughter around a woman named Tiffany. Tiff-ant the pissant.
0) 47) dialog: True. It’s all true! (sticks tongue out, makes a thhhhhp noise)
0) 55) dialog: We didn’t curse you yet and we probably won't unless Ya-Ema sees something in the smoke that you he doesn’t like.
0) 58) dialog: (like a game show host) Gooooooccodbye Tiffaneeeeee! Tiffany exits swiftly, super angry, and Becky throws a fi full of snacks at the wall behind her.
0) 60) dialog: C-U-N-T! Everyone’s accusing me! (to the tune of the Ramones “D-U-M-B / Everyone’s accusing me” from ‘Pinhead’) Danny goes to Tama, rubs her head lovingly and lowers by side. Becky is way zonked and getting tired. The rush of finishing a show and the rush of drugs after finishing a winds down. Ya-Ema and Dymoke sit like statues, watching, quietly. Ya-Ema nods once. This is all you can get from him.
0) 62) dialog: Yeah we must so what can we do ya for, Dan-O?
0) 64) dialog: Why would I want to see Tiffany? Yuck! (barfing noises)
0) 67) dialog: (real loopy) Listen man I’m working and you'd said Tuesday not Friday which so how am I supposed to keep track if you keep changing your mind?
0) 69) dialog: You-rup I-rup we all rup for Eu-rope. 11. Becky is moving around, taking off accessories and pieces theatricality from the show. She doesn’t hold still at al she kicks off boots, de layers sweaty dirty clothing. Wit a minute of this quite serious conversation, she’s down t bra, necklaces, tight pants. Ya-Ema and Dymoke respect he rituals and face forward, completely unmoving from the direction of the table.
0) 71) dialog: Of course I knew.
0) 73) dialog: I was testing you there’s no European tour I’d know if there was.
0) 75) dialog: Because I’d have packed a bag which as you can see clearly I have not. Becky motions to an area on the floor that, to her total confusion and surprise, does contain a packed bag.
0) 76) dialog: Whoooooa. What’s that!
0) 78) dialog: No you’re a mess. No you’re a mess.
0) 83) dialog: Laurie baby! We just finished rocking. Rocking and a rolling! The only problem is I did not get to visit the other place with Ya-Ema because ol’ Dan-O came in and interrupted my spiritual journey it was postponed so we've still got that to tend to because you know that I’m not myself if I don’t get a moment to visit other realities where the fuck is my lighter. Danny hurts to see this. He holds Tama close. Becky is ba present on this plane of reality right now.
0) 86) dialog: Why? Why? B-E-C-K-Whyyyy? Because I gotta!
0) 88) dialog: Hello exactly! 13. Becky hi-fives Dymoke. Ya-Ema leaves her hanging for a se before giving a reluctant hi-five. Mari slides for a hi-f
0) 121) dialog: I want her out of here. Danny sort of blocks her from getting to Tama.
0) 122) dialog: Hey get the fuck outta my way.
0) 124) dialog: She has to go. She has to go now.
0) 126) dialog: We saw it in the smoke. ‘The child will be your downfall.’ Tell them, Ya- Ema. TELL THEM WHAT YOU SAW!! She is shrieking. Ya-Ema looks afraid, like he has lost control of Becky. He looks at Danny with calm eyes.
0) 128) dialog: You did you did you did you did! You saw a prophecy and when we were in the Other Place you told me that the child will be my downfall so we've got a lit stick a’ dyn-O-MITE that needs tossing out the tank.
0) 133) dialog: I see The Void of Eternity.
0) 135) dialog: (to Tama) Hello baby. Mommy missed you. Danny looks at Becky like she is dangerous. He doesn’t kn how to proceed dealing with her right now. He tries norma 18.
0) 137) dialog: Yeah who knows I mean it might not even happen. Like it probably won't work out or anything even though some of the ‘92 sessions we dug up are powerful and maybe a track or two from earlier that I’d forgotten. Becky pulls Ali down into her lap. Her energy is all over place and totally toxic to Danny and Ali. Ya-Ema and Dymo are in a trance, as if trying to control Becky’s mind. Enter HOWARD GOODMAN, the manager, (50). His life is defi by trying to stay afloat and stay one step ahead.
0) 138) dialog: Howard. How-ard you tonight? Good show huh?
0) 142) dialog: Ah fuck it I forgot. What’s that bitch want? Mari and Lauren enter.
0) 144) dialog: Stuck up holier than thou too good for it all wench.
0) 146) dialog: Yeah whatever what does she want?
0) 148) dialog: Did she come only with fucking obvious things I already know or what of course I was great I’m always great so don’t be late.
0) 150) dialog: (rolling her eyes) Nooooo Howarrrrd you wouldn't.
0) 153) dialog: You see! What is Zelda E. Zekial coming and doing here anyways coming backstage at our show when where I am spending qual-ah-tee time with my family and demand an audience?
0) 155) dialog: Okay FINE I’ve decided to go. Where is she Howard, and while we’re on the topic can you please tell me are we doing those recordings at R-Trax like last time because I can’t get a straight answer on the matter. Becky prances about triumphantly when saying this last pa The room is cramped: Ali, Mari, Lauren, Becky, Danny, Tam Howard. 20. All obstacles for Becky to shimmy around and out of the r Everybody follows her like the Pied Piper except Ya-Ema a Dymoke, who we leave behind for now.
0) 157) dialog: That’s because you understand me don’t you! I can’t count on anybody cah-rist what kind of world is this where we don’t even have the straight information about whether or not we are like making an album nobody is helping me write or some E fucking P with just I don’t know, an acoustic guitar? Can somebody please help Dear Howard and give me an answer and please make it an honest one!
0) 159) dialog: We're all going? Why didn’t you say so! I don’t wanna do it alone. To me, my X-Women! Becky leads Mari (sort of digging this) and Ali (dying inside) down the corridor. Lauren follows. Howard stops a ways back with Danny. Stay with them as the ladies walk a
0) 161) dialog: To the right and to the left and to the right and to the left... Howard, Danny and Tama. Quiet after a whirlwind. Deep bre
0) 172) dialog: (clapping) Miss Ezekial don’t get no bones... Ezekial don’t got no tones... And here’s the word of the lord. Well the finger bones connected to the hand bone (middle fingers up, Mari joins in singing now) (MORE )
0) 174) dialog: The hand bone’s connected to the fuck bone The fuck bone’s connected to the butt bone. (Becky aggressively rubs her butt on and around Zelda's head/shoulders. ) And that’s the turd of the lord. Zelda brushes Becky’s butt away and fixes her awesome hai
0) 176) dialog: Easy for you to say from the comfort of that chair. Zelda looks down, bummed that this is going to be one of “those” Becky conversations.
0) 182) dialog: I CAN JUST GO if you all want some alone time.
0) 184) dialog: I agree let’s all of us just take it down a notch and take stock of the situation. Becky sits, mockingly overly proper and business like. 23.
0) 185) dialog: Zelda darling what to do we owe the pleasure of your visitation?
0) 191) dialog: Yeah I don’t know. Whatever. I’m not really feeling the stage life right now, ya get me? I dunno why do you ask.
0) 193) dialog: Um I dunno Z-grade. What, you mean like opening act for you? Hardly makes sense don’t ya think? What is this, six years ago? Oh wait if it was six years ago you’d be opening for M. E. me and you’de be trying to run off with this one. Points to Mari. No shame. Becky is buzzing about like a nervous bird, touching everything and moving things aroun 24.
0) 195) dialog: What are the dates? Becky pauses. She nearly chokes on rage and sadness. She takes a short, Becky-sized moment to regain herself.
0) 197) dialog: How about a simple ‘no thanks’ and also thanks for the gesture of coming here to personally bitch slap us in all our faces. Nah. We do rock music to rock people and didn’t I hear that on your last record didn’t even have any guitars?? (mock snoring noises) Zelda stands, graceful and elegant, and takes a tiny bird like bite of the snacks Becky has made a mess of.
0) 199) dialog: Don’t fuckin’ talk to her. Don’t even look at her. Here’s an idea. How about you march-ish right out of the room into your limousine and take that fuckin’ offer with you? We need a break, not a tour. I mean, we just finished this one like an hour ago so who'se interested in another tour not me that’s who.
0) 201) dialog: Uh your music used to be awesome and now it sucks so I don’t want to tour with you and now you’ve come to bury me. I speak for everybody when I say that there is zero interest in retreading the past which includes your fabled tour. (MORE )
0) 203) dialog: I’m trying to move for-ward here, not backwards and that means I don’t wanna slip down your bill. Don’t you have like the next generation of pansy art rock babes dying to share your light so why don’t you ask one a’ them. My answer is no and where I go they go. Motioning to Ali and Mari, both mortified, silent and sad
0) 205) dialog: Stay PUH-lease I feel like we’re done here.
0) 207) dialog: You got that right, a true original, stick to your guns and your roots and never buy into the BS just the Becky Something, that’s what I always say. P- U-R-E spells Becky and PEE-YOU spells Zelda. Zelda cannot process the aggravation, having come here to something nice and have it thrown back at her so angrily. Howard appears with an optimistic smile on his face.
0) 209) dialog: Howard how could you? I trusted you and you set me up!
0) 212) dialog: BORING. Pass!
0) 214) dialog: Oh my god if you aren’t going to leave I will. I have an interrupted journey to complete and by the way you’re all being incredibly rude to Ya-Ema and the spiritual calm he requires. (to Howard) I am not done with you. You’re in big trouble. Becky storms out. The room takes a moment to catch it’s breath. Don’t shit talk the hand that feeds you. Ali looks back at the door where Becky exited. Zelda is perceptive, deceptively so. Sly, eyes narrowing.
0) 231) dialog: Holy smoking crap you’re still here? Zelda has left zee building. Take a hint! The Legend of Zelda A Stink to the Ass must come to an E-N-D if you please.
0) 233) dialog: I hardly think I’m overreacting just normal react. She is wired, unwell, fraying at all edges. Like a bee, buzzing around and you couldn’t swat her if you tried. 28.
0) 234) dialog: I mean, Zelda, baby, like excuse me for being so fuckin’ naive but how dare you invade this space?
0) 238) dialog: What no. Get away from me? Dymoke needs to purify her weren’t you listening?
0) 240) dialog: What state is that Dan-O? The state of rage or the state of New York I don’t know where I am anymore you dumb fuckin’ clown, ha ha! She tries to hold Tama away and moves from Danny but trip and falls, forward, managing to spin quickly landing on h back, Tama up in the air. People rush in, freaking out. Becky is on the ground laug and holding Tama.
0) 241) dialog: Wheee that was a fun ride! You wanna go on another sky ride? With mommy! Danny grabs Tama. Becky refuses to let go but he gets her Tiffany puts her arm around Danny, protective.
0) 242) dialog: Dude chill I’ve got this. 29.
0) 246) dialog: What you two suddenly have nothing to say? Just watching the show. Ha ha you're doing a better job of it than playing in it that’s for sure. Oh look at me running my mouth but let’s not say anything we might regret later. Hey maybe if you run you can catch up with Zel-duhhh. She can have you. She's easy and boring and no fun isn’t that what you want? Mari has been hurting watching this. She and Ali look dow Becky with lumps in their throats. This pains them, a lot
0) 248) dialog: Don’t what? Be awesome and show people a G-O-O-D time?
0) 250) dialog: Tough job but somebody's gotta do it and I gotta get out of here. I gotta go to Becky’s room. It stinks of Zelda shit. So I bid you adeiu and hibbida hibbida that’s all folks! 10 11 30. She snatches Tama from a shocked Danny and then pushes hi park bench style, over a chair and he falls to the ground while she scurries off. This is all happening so fast. She exits. The room is empty of aggression. Just silent, shocked faces of people who want so badly to care about h Ya-Ema and Tiffany help Danny up. Seconds pass. It’s very few seconds but after what’s just happened, it feels like a lot. Time stands still, dissolv allude to the collapsing of real time and we see, in slow motion, the devastation wrought by Becky. Hurt feelings, smashed stuff. Seconds pass like hours in silence.
0) 256) dialog: (garbled, mouth full of puke and mucus) We go way beyond. Tama’s crying echoes through all of this and it’s awful. END OF ACT ONE.
0) 258) text: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Becky/Mari/Ali. Full of positivity, excitement, happiness. The contrast of what w just saw is shocking. They are holding framed platinum records for their second album BABY I’M SICK.
0) 261) dialog: Two hundred! Nah I'll keep it. First and last. (MORE)
0) 263) dialog: The well of inspiration has run-a dry! Never gonna make a record this good again. Good as gold! They all keep laughing. Becky clumsily drops the framed record, breaking the glass. She loses it, starts laughing hysterically. Mari and Ali follow.
0) 264) dialog: Oh shit! We’re never gonna make a record this good again.
1) 0) text: Golden, yellowish brown lights buzz bask this past it’s p studio in a ancient haze of wood and history. The place i laden with signs of the amount of time Becky has spent he in the sprawling, open ended eight months of recording th have gone poorly. Tapestries hang over crystals and other items from Ya-Ema shitty candles, no fewer than twenty packed ash trays. Th place is capital D Dingy and Becky the decrepit centerpie Becky is wearing scarves and a threadbare t shirt with on sleeve nearly gone tucked into skin tight pants. She’d lo iconically cool if she wasn’t so tragic. Her messy ponyta is a caked with grease, a heart barrette in her hair, her skin is bad and she feels 1,000% like a goddess. She poorly makes feeble attempts to strum an acoustic gui and sing a weak sounding half finished song. Warbling, ba making notes and words find one another. (the song is called Pulled Down and has been written by Alicia Bognanno/aka Bully)
1) 1) dialog: You rotted away Left to your own mistakes I never wanted to be the crutch for you I’m falling behind With every word you break I meant to try and piece it back for you And I’m back to the same shit I was Drowning in mud If I’m gonna be pulled down I’m taking you with 13 33. The whole scene is rocky as we pan to the side and see Ma and Ali. They are behind glass in the booth with Howard a the distanced hush shows off the tension.
1) 19) dialog: What is this. Talk and tea time? Are we doing a session or a goddamn book club jesus christ am I the only one here who cares about the work we’re doing? Mari looks right at her but speaks under her breath.
1) 22) dialog: Show a’ hands, who is committed to greatness and will do whatever it takes to achieve greatness and show of hands who is lazy and doesn’t care about this music that we are recording? (she raises her hand with vigor) That’s one for greatness. Anyone else? Keith sheepishly raises his hand.
1) 23) dialog: THANK you Keith, nice to know someone is on my side, the winning side and we all know who writes history. You all can go home and take a nap or something now that your level of dedication is exposed. Right Howard? Did you come to check up on your prized project? Thank you for giving us space lately but I gotta tell you I’m sorry but things are going terribly, at best. Speechless reactions. Becky is super messed up, sweating, barely coherent, blind to it all. All four just stare at A quiet pause as we zero in on Becky: see and feel with q dignity the lack of understanding behind her bright blue eyes, the smoke screen of delusion which she hides behind Slow motion. Linger...there is nothing but truth and hone on her tired face. She believes every word she says and w we see Mari, Ali, Howard and Keith, the extent of pity an sadness for Becky transmits off them. It’s a small moment that becomes a big moment without announcing itself.
1) 25) dialog: That is a graaaand idea. Why can’t you two be team players like Howard!
1) 27) dialog: Sorry what. What did you say.
1) 29) dialog: Oh I heard her but I just wanna make sure I heard it correct-lee. Ali darling. Care to take it one more time from the top with feeling see vous play?
1) 34) dialog: BORING. Bore snore. Ali grabs a coat, brushes past Becky with a final icy dag stare. Howard is chin-in-palm, in agony, losing everythin because he isn’t thinking fast enough.
1) 35) dialog: WELL the least you could make some sort of grand final statement right?
1) 37) dialog: It’s just as Ya-Ema prophesized! Ha ha, what a fitting moment just when I was seriously doubting your commitment. I mean it’s been a rotten year stuck carrying this mongoloid to term but today was the final straw and I knew it when I walked in the d-o-o- r. I felt the fetid stink in the elevator. Biggggg whoop. Want to see how quickly we bounce back? Watch me. I’m Ali now.
1) 39) dialog: (voice of Old Prospector) Keith hit record we’ve struck gold!
1) 58) dialog: Because you're young, you're torn between A world of hate and a world of dreams So much to lose, so much to gain So much to fight for, so much to change You don't look back, you don't look down You gotta turn everything around You live your life like a loaded gun Because you're young Stop talking back, get off the phone You're late again, you missed the last bus home This ain't the way you want to live I know something's got to give (song continues over the next bit of dialogue)
1) 72) dialog: Who the fuck are these bitches?
1) 77) dialog: You cut us off. They tried to evict me. Why would you do that to us?
1) 79) dialog: Okay. (to Mari) You know about this?
1) 81) dialog: Howard you fucking genius! Becky lapses happily into the Akergirls witchy circle and gently touches each of their faces.
1) 82) dialog: What are the odds. What are the ODDS that we’d find ourselves one apple short of a bushel and today of all days you unknowingly bring a solution to all the world’s problems. Who plays drums? Cassie raises her hand. Becky high fives it. 43.
1) 83) dialog: The rest of you ready to jam? If I had to guess I'd say we’re fifteen maybe twenty minutes away from pure magic exploding into this room and silly old me lost a drummer on the way to grandmother’s house. Here I thought we'd have to scrap paper and go home but what should happen instead? Three witches come to my rescue. I mean just look at all of you. You’re all so beautiful. Stunning. The Akergirls blush at Becky’s kindness. Their idol! Beck touches all their hair and generally paws at them in a we grope-y way. Mari stands back, still and silent and loopy
1) 85) dialog: Cut the shit you’re making me feel a hundred years old but god damn I just feel a connection to you babes. Mari, you feel that? Mari is dead silent. Becky gives her a look, like: ‘are y in or out?’ And Mari knows it’s now or never.
1) 87) dialog: That’s what I’m talking about. Howard my Goodman. I’m ready to party and make a album and I have been sent angels to help me work the angels if you dig. What better way to introduce new blood into this turgid process than actual new blood. Becky bites Dottie on the neck, then bites Cassie.
1) 88) dialog: Let’s Bathory these bitches and learn a thing or two about what kids are feeling nowadays!
1) 89) text: Dottie and Cassie rub their necks. Becky actually bit the pretty damn hard.
1) 90) dialog: Inward ho! Becky commands them into the studio area. Howard holds Ma and Becky back.
1) 93) dialog: It looks like I’m saving your asshole and keeping this record right on schedule. Don’t worry about reimbursing me for the studio. It’s my treat.
1) 95) dialog: What is this, the scared straight express? Howard, you confuse torpedoing that I don’t know about with making an album which if you’1l excise me I’m quite eager to resume before my juices dry up again.
1) 97) dialog: What, do I need a translator? I got it. Loud and clear and as ear on the rear of a deer.
1) 99) dialog: Who?I don’t know anybody by that name. Kind of a funny name isn’t it? ‘cept for a Muslim. Mari slaps Becky hard across the face. It’s silent again through the glass, the Akergirls notice and look in. Beck smiles like a psychotic. Howard continues to suffer silen
1) 100) dialog: Mari. My love. You have my attention. Becky grabs Mari’s cheek and pinches it real hard and the smacks her on the butt at the same time, holding her clos
1) 101) dialog: And I yours. Now is there something you wanted to say or was that merely a challenge to a duel.
1) 104) dialog: I’m going to finish this record. You have my word cross my heart and hope to die. She transforms for six seconds. Just as quick her eyes sw back: Becky Something returns and she skips into the stud with the Akergirls. Mari and Howard eye one another.
1) 106) dialog: One two, skip to my lou. Three four, skip to my door. Cows in the pasture, two by two/Lost my drummer what’1l I do?/I can get another as pretty as you/skip to my lou my darling. The Akergirls joined in and they all spin in a circle and Becky claps and leads a forced sing a long. 20 21 46.
1) 120) dialog: Any second now. I’1l be fine. Mari gives Becky a look of extreme compassion and empathy
1) 121) dialog: (half normal) Give me a minute? Mari exits. We stay with Becky. In silence, for a moment, just a fleeting instant of adult awareness, that Becky understands that this is it. There’s no chance after this Becky is still, starting to slip into a daze when her dou fades away and she lights up like a fire cracker, slams h Zippo closed and storms out into the room.
1) 123) dialog: Who's ready to do this shit! The Akergirls are stoked, in a tizzy that so quickly they have been welcomed to the inner sanctum. They are comfy. Shoes off (sneakers/no socks/very cool boots). Ready to w
1) 125) dialog: Easy there. Easy easy. It’s not as simple as that. I’m comfortable in a leadership role but let’s slide into this hot spring. 48.
1) 127) dialog: Whoa you chicks read music? Fuck what a loser I am. There are some pieces we've been playing with but wouldn’t it make more sense for us to not rely on table scraps and make a feast as a new family instead?
1) 130) dialog: Sure there is an album. There is some music but maybe they’re the problem? They’re cursed. Done to death. We need the new sound. Show me what the kids are doing. Akergirls just look at one another.
1) 132) dialog: Could I have made myself any clearer YES play. If we’re gonna be working together lets see what you've got. There’s tension. The Akergirls are afraid of being cast o and feel Becky’s judgement lurking. They strap on guitars bass), Cassie gets to the drums and they launch into a su sweet sounding melodic screechy early 90s Riot Grrrl insp song you could dance to, and indeed Becky does dance. Cas sings from behind the drums while Roxie and Dottie bring harmonies and backing on the chorus. It’s a fully collaborative song. (the song is called ‘Can't Wait’ and has been written by Anika Pyle.)
1) 135) dialog: SMOKIN’! I love it. Love love love. Becky kisses Dottie, Roxie and Cassie in the weird way th are now used to. She is super affectionate and keeps her hands all over them while throwing her body on theirs.
1) 137) dialog: This is what its about my sisters. Who wrote it?
1) 139) dialog: All of you? Brilliant. I’ve always longed for that connection but for some reason it never worked. I always did it all. By. Myself. 50. Akergirls look at Mari, who doesn’t disagree but it’s cle this credit hogging is a long time scab being picked at.
1) 140) dialog: Oh sure Mari, your contributions have been helpful. But I’m talking about a ground up collaboration. I wish I could give it to you now but I know myself too well. Highway or her way. (thumbs at herself)
1) 142) dialog: See, that’s what I need. Followers. Silent peons to worship at my feet. Mari is being beaten down silently. Becky is fully aware how much she is hurting her long time partner as she begi to prowl about the recording studio, moving like a spider preparing to launch into a messy soliloquy.
1) 143) dialog: Ladies ladies, what harmony you have found within one another! What spirit, shared, divided three ways. Alas. The rarest of things and not to be taken lightly. Capture it, my sisters, hold on to it and n-n-never release from the bond you share. Dottie and Roxie share a loving look. This all pains Mari Becky is showboating for the Akergirls and making her las ally feel terrible. During Becky’s speech, we are on Mari face as realization sets in.
1) 145) dialog: Um sorry but what?
1) 149) dialog: I support. It’s not a two-a-day two way street darling.
1) 151) dialog: Mari Mari Mari. Careful now. You’re gonna offend our guests.
1) 154) dialog: Now you've done it. Alienating the acolytes. Vanquish the venerating. Exile the exuberant. This is a blessed thing! The next. Hold them close, we should. Not expel them from our midst.
1) 156) dialog: Quiet, all! This is important.
1) 158) dialog: Run away! Flee flee. Big bad bossy Becky makes maudlin Mari mope. Get the bullshit outta here. It belongs, it belongs on fuckin’ Mars! (in the style of Heavy Metal Parking Lot) Mark pauses her exit. Turns to Dottie, Cassie and Roxie. 52.
1) 160) dialog: Now that’s the first logical thing I’ve heard all day! Mari exits with a final look back at Becky, who returns i not as Becky Something but as Rebecca Adamczyk.
1) 161) dialog: (to Akergirls) All I’ve ever asked is respect and if you can’t get that in the work place then where can ya get it? You dig, right? Becky jumps on Cassie’s back, piggy back style and starts whacking her with a drumstick like a pony.
1) 162) dialog: Mush mush! Onward! Into the future. The Akergirls, Dottie Cassie and Roxie. The latest greatest girl rockers found right here under a wing of the eternal Becky Something. The backing on the final Something She record and a smash debut album produced by none other than talent finder and nurturer Becky herself. Ah ha! On the wings of angels, a goddess and three witches. Something Rotten Crassie and 0.2Z.! Becky jumps down, knocking herself and Cassie and some ge to the floor. Dottie and Roxie help Cassie. You can tell them that in the past fifteen minutes, the luster has fad Becky has alienated those who the Akergirls believed to b true partners. The attitude on display fills them with dr
1) 164) dialog: Night time is the right time. Bed ways is right ways. Tally ho!
1) 166) dialog: Then let the wild rumpus begin! Becky grabs an electric guitar and poorly shreds: “Garbag Dump” by Charles Manson.
1) 167) dialog: Oh Garbage dump, oh garbage dump Why are you called a garbage dump? You could feed the world with my garbage dump You could feed the world with my garbage dump
1) 169) dialog: ERRRRR. Wrong. I am the heart and soul of the band. I mean hello I named it after myself. I found those girlies and they were not the first and they will not be the last. I put Something She together from the ashes of failed junk bands, wanting to put one out there in my own name like god spewing mankind. That's ancient history and so are those ungrateful wenches who suckled at the teet of success that I placed upon their mouths. All I ask, before the four of us embark on this journey, is that you show me honesty and I'll do the same. That is the pillar of my music so enough with this jibber jabber and let’s rock. (back to the Manson song) That sums it up one big lump. Becky is mile a minute, machine gun rat a tat fast. It’s reading billboards from a roller coaster. She keeps strum her guitar, not well but not terribly either. The Akergir look on, dazed.
1) 171) dialog: Well for starters go into that booth and wake those turds up and tell them that its blast off to the stars we go hit the fucking switch because the circus is leaving town and it ain’t comin’ back. There’s a silent pause where you can feel the Akergirls deciding if they should do this or turn tail and go home. Becky looks at them, aware of this indecision. She is sta sweaty, messed up, total maniac. Trying to catch her brea nearly ten years of her life torpedoed in the last half h It’s in her eyes: she looks beyond vulnerable and scared.
1) 173) dialog: (like the Kool Aid Man)
1) 180) dialog: You look like you die, then apologize But fuck it I didn’t mean to see this through. And I’m back to the same shit I was Drowning in mud If I’m gonna be pulled down Then I’m taking you with And I’m back to the same shit. I was drowning in mud If I’m gonna be pulled down Then I’m taking you with. Back on the Akergirls as this plays out. We zero in on th letting the worried looks on their faces do all the talki END OF ACT TWO. 28 56.
1) 182) text: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Backstage at a club before show. Becky seems nervous, aloof and distant. She is quie standing away from Mari, Ali and her mother: ANIA. She ha the faintest trace of an accent. Ania is being friendly and hugging Mari and Ali.
1) 187) dialog: Okay mom. Ania goes to Becky and squeezes her face with love and jo
1) 189) dialog: Stop it mom! She pushes Ania a little.
2) 99) dialog: Dem bones dem bones dem dry bones Dem bones dem bones dem dry bones Dem bones dem bones gonna walk around Dem bones dem bones gonna walk around Now hear the word of the lord Disconnecting dem bones, dem dry bones... She has an entourage in tow: Ya-Ema, looking dark and controlling and a documentary camera/boom mic crew of two Sad looking, down and out but they create some sense of heightened attention to what is otherwise not important. Becky wears an open leather jacket with just a pink bra underneath and the words ‘OLD SCRATCH’ scrawled on her to Her hair is huge, very 80s metal. Her makeup is theatrica Because of the video camera, Becky plays everything up to Nth degree in an effort to put on a good performance. It’ insufferable. She talks to the video camera, via to other people who are not listening. Rather than saying hello to mother, she is on lap three already.
2) 100) dialog: Ding dong the bitch is back. Who missed me show of hands? Howard pounces.
2) 102) dialog: Two. Minutes. To midniiiight! (Iron Maiden song) You're actually suing me, right? Or was that somebody else. I’1ll see you in court. Your honor. Is it a crime in this country to prefer the witching hour? I was born with an internal clock. The doctor left it inside me ha haaaa!! I call to the stand my mother, Mrs. Ania Adamczyk nee Smolinska. Mrs. Adamczyk, do you swear solemnly that your daughter was born with a rare neurological condition which renders the passage of time an enforced illusion of the external world? (as herself) Judge, please. I just can’t seem to get goin’ until later at night. You think I want to be late? (MORE )
2) 104) dialog: There’s people deserve a show and you have no idea the hell I’ve been through because I’m wishing there is any way on earth I could get going but just knowing I’m not going to make it. Promise me momma. When I die, have the coffin arrive half an hour late and written on the side in gold letters are the words ‘sorry for the delay.’ Ha HA! Oof. A terrible silence because, due to everything about Becky, the idea of her dying before her mother feels so r and perhaps inevitable. Everyone has been swept back away from the stage into the dressing room again. ROCK CLUB, BECKY’S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 32 It’s jam packed. Insanity, people moving everywhere to av bumping into others. Ya-Ema has dropped to his knees and wraps Becky’s ankles and places crystals from a bag on ea of her legs and feet and is lighting little sticks by her feet in some odd purification ritual. It’s pretty nutso looking and Becky’s camera gets it all, including an increasingly despondent Danny and Ania.
2) 106) dialog: Mommmmmm, you're embarrassing me in front of my friends. I told you to wait in the car. They’re making a movie and I want them to see the real me so ix-nay on the ebecca-Ray.
2) 108) dialog: Fuckin’ stop it with the dramatics, mom! I haven't seen you in months and you lay this down? Danny and Becky study one another, a major look passing. Becky looks at Ania, whose hands now reveal an envelope f her pocket. 68.
2) 110) dialog: You get a pass. You did your time in the trenches but you were alone. Don’t you remember how alone you always were? You remember how you were always always alone.
2) 112) dialog: Great throw it in the trash! Where was he fifteen years ago when I was nobody but his daughter? Becky grabs the envelope and tosses it.
2) 114) dialog: How’s married life, Dirtbag? Give my best to Tiffany.
2) 116) dialog: Stay babes. Your loyalty will be rewarded. That’s how it works. Isn't that right, Ali? She pronounces it like Muhammad “Ali.” Ah-lee.
2) 118) dialog: Kid, your energy is so foul I could see you in the dark. Ania losing her composure. She came in here, brave and confident, but as usual, Becky is breaking her. She stand Danny silently asking for and receiving support from him.
2) 121) dialog: I was born ready. Doesn’t everybody know that by now? You think I need to warm up like some mere mortal? I don’t think so, Tim. Would I have stepped foot in this joint if I wasn’t ready for a double-V victory and if that means a great show two hours later than a crummy one people can thank me later alligator. (to Roxie/Cassie) Children, join me in the sacred circle of spiritual cleanse. Where’s the third member of your coven? (screaming) DOTTIE 0.Z. you your butt in here this instant you are guh-rounded! (to Ania/Danny) How’m I doing mom? Mother of the year over here, ya dig! Ania steps away from Becky, unwilling to play this game. Dottie runs in, frantic. Surveys Becky, seated with wraps crystals, smoke around her, everybody else buzzing nervou around, Danny and Ania moving away, Cassie and Roxie in shock. The video camera whips to get her entrance.
2) 123) dialog: Girls, gather round. Join the circle of energy. Anybody who does not to be here you can leave or avert your gaze. (to video camera) Not you. Becky closes her eyes. Ali and the Akergirls do the same.
2) 124) dialog: Dear goddess of creativity and positivity, Becky here. How’s it going? I’m speaking to you tonight not only on behalf of myself but also my little sisters Dottie 0.Z., Cassie Crassy and Roxie Rotten. (MORE )
2) 126) dialog: This is a big night for them so let’s take care of Akergirls. They’re swell kids and deserve the best. She pauses. The energy shifts and people sense something. leans in, alarmed, like Becky is about to drift away. Bec breathing changes and it’s really weird.
2) 127) dialog: As for me. Lady, if you’re listening still, I need this. I need this bad. This is it for ol’ Beckster. I’m gonna need your help here because the last train is leaving the station and if I’m not on it when the whistle blows, that’s it for me. Lights out. Last call. Soup’s cold. Ice cream’s melting. Beer’s warm. Yuck. Let’s rally, one more time, then you can take that soul I promised you. Danny shuffles, alarmed, when she says this. Becky stops prayer. Everybody is silent. The doubt of Howard and Ali about her not grasping the importance of tonight is gone. Maybe Becky was late because she actually wants to make t perfect. Maybe she is all clear headed and aware of herse finally. Becky looks right at the video camera.
2) 128) dialog: You get it? Perfect. Start with that it’ll be fucking phenomenal now let’s burn this fucker down for the big finish. She jumps and crystals fall and she lands with jazz hands when saying ‘big finish.’ The room is in shock.
2) 152) dialog: What the fuck is that still doing here?
2) 154) dialog: You weak stupid wimp. After everything he has put us through. I uses to look up to you. Ania is gutted. She is in agony, as usual, because of Bec
2) 156) dialog: Destroy it!! They struggle for control of the paper as it tears in the hands.
2) 158) dialog: Negative forces! I cast you out! Be gone from here and wipe this room of evil. Let in the light and forsake the darkness. They are rolling on the ground and Becky doesn’t let go. grabs for stuff, lamps and tapestries and furniture and around them the entire room crumbles and collapses inward Ema watches silently and the video camera gets it all.
2) 160) dialog: Demon, speak not to me. To hear your words is to open myself to your trickery. She puts her hand over Ali’s mouth and Ali continues to struggle to protect herself.
2) 162) dialog: I've fought you in eleven other lives and in eleven other lives you've destroyed me. I’ve seen the faces you’ve used and my demise at your hands across the centuries. Now at last I’ve looked across time and I see how to defeat those who will see me destroyed! Becky is scratching herself and Ali with the glass. Red m and pricks of blood are forming. Ali tries to yell for he but she is out of breath. It’s not loud enough and she ma direct eye contact with Ya-Ema who stands with folded han and will not move a finger to help and the camera crew, filming and not helping.
2) 163) dialog: For the first time I have the power to do what must be done and for the last time we struggle. (MORE )
2) 165) dialog: Alight in me, eternal powerful goddesses and give me the strength to vanquish my enemies once and for all. On battlefields and at the stake. Ali somehow gets free, knocks Becky in the face. Bloody n Her weapon falls and the blood runs down her exposed ches under the jacket. Ali stumbles to the door, heaves at it, tears it open and screams as loud as she can.
2) 168) dialog: 
2) 170) dialog: (faux 1930s moll voice) I don’t give a rat’s! Put me in the slammer. I’1l be back on the streets by noon. There’s no clink in the world that can hold the likesa me.
2) 172) dialog: Who'safraid of the big bad wolf! I’m afraid of the van der Wolff! Ali! Back me up here. Ah I don’t get no respect at all. 35 76. Becky bites the security guard and is able to get free. S grabs the glass bottle again and points it at him. The gu lunges forward and she slices his arm. It’s bleeding and kicks her, pretty hard, to get her to drop the weapon and finally pins her against a wall and puts handcuffs on her Like a rabid dog, Becky barks and tries to bite people bu never stops looking happy, grinning, smiling because some it hasn't sunk in yet that this isn’t a game. She barks a snarls right at the video camera lens. Off to the side, Ali is regaining herself and cleaning wo and standing in the doorway, which we haven’t seen until are the Akergirls, watching Becky bite and snarl. The documentary crew is getting it all. Becky, fallen to floor, handcuffed, bleeding, looks up at her audience wit delight and joy. There’s a physical fight in her body bec the adrenaline is wearing off and it’s fighting the drugs she is starting to get wobbly.
2) 173) dialog: I confess. It was me! I robbed the savings and loan and I shot the sheriff and I fought the law and the law won. Now when do I get my lousy phone call? Speechless. Turn to Howard and Ali, still composing herse The Akergirls are truly shocked.
2) 176) dialog: Hey. Hey! Sorry I messed up your pretty face. Nobody is listening. Becky stands to run, chase after Ali
2) 180) dialog: The crowd closes, swallowing up Howard. The Akergirls sta the door, not entering the floor space. This is crazy, sh hazardous looking stuff. Flashing red lights and yelling screaming abound. The Akergirls know to fall back. ROCK CLUB, THE STAGE -— CONTINUOUS 37 Becky feebly climbs up which is hard without hands. The s is mixing with blood and the OLD SCRATCH marker writing s she’s pretty colorful. Her white pants are tie dyed looki
2) 182) dialog: She leans to the mic.
2) 183) dialog: 
2) 184) dialog: This goes on for several seconds as the crowd slowly stop sensing that this isn’t an act and they are actually witnessing the actions of a damaged and troubled woman. The camera crew is at the foot of the stage, getting it a Security climbs to the stage. Becky slips away from him a grabs the mic.
2) 185) dialog: D'ya ever get the feeling you’re being followed? Muted but loud cheers. Becky, clutching the mic and being grabbed at by security, launches into an epic rant that, matter how hard she is being chased, doesn’t stop. 78.
2) 186) dialog: I’ve been back through the ages of earth and I’ve witnessed centuries of conflict. I regressed to the moment of conception and watched myself being born. That's why I’m leaving now. When I needed it, nobody ever put a hand on my back and told me it was gonna be alright dude. It’s the little things. Security senses she isn’t a threat but is still holding h or at least blocking her from going anywhere and she’s stumbling, backed up against the speakers with nowhere to Faint response. People are alarmed. Becky is fading. She takes a guitar and tries to play but it’s impossible her hands cuffed and she spins the guitar, falls hard off stage into the equipment area and people rush to her, hud around and she’s clutching the guitar which broke her fal Feedback starts to wail. Becky isn’t laughing or talking. She looks up at people, eyes like a dying animal and she looks like someone wakin from amnesia and finally understanding where she is. A li girl, lost and afraid. She reacts with shaky fear. Feedback is still wailing and the video camera is in her and flash photos are going off and security is trying to her up but she’s like a protestor, heavy and inert. He lifts Becky, guitar and all. She’s dead weight as she carried through the venue to the exit, toward a police ca whose sirens we can already hear and whose red/blue flash lights get brighter the further he walks. The look on her face is fear and panic. Like she just woke up here and doesn’t know what is happening. Her energy dangerously al Feedback is still wailing, fading away from the stage. Be looks at the faces of the Akergirls as she passes. They a next to Howard and Becky is all bloody and weak.
2) 187) dialog: (quiet, pause before, a big sense of ceremony) Sometimes I don’t even own myself. Mom? With that, she stares, eyes wide open as if trying to pro a world, a realm of reality she doesn’t comprehend and is carried in the arms of security out the door into the waiting, wailing bright lights of oblivion. 38 79. People look around, back at the stage. They see The Akerg and Howard off to the side. There is still feedback which Dottie puts a stop to as Howard draws the club’s little curtain down, concealing them from view. END OF ACT THREE.
2) 189) text: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Backyard of Becky’s new ho It’s nice and has a pool. Becky, in a pool chair, holds a week old Tama. She is smoking a cigarette and dozing.
2) 190) dialog: I wanna stay home with my baby. No tour. No record. I like it here. Danny shows up, around the corner. He looks confused abou why a camera is there. Becky doesn’t look up at him.
2) 192) dialog: Take her. Take her. I’m so tired.
3) 0) text: Soft, breeze blown curtains. A big, empty, isolated, some dilapidated house with windows open. Glowing, soft light everywhere and this looks like a cartoon idea of heaven, contrasting with the red hell we just left behind of Act Becky is dwarfed by the huge space. Paint is chipped and peeling, floorboards warped and scuffed. She bought a fix upper and will never fix it up. This is going to be slow, static, locked off. (So even th this is half the page length of other acts, it’1ll be rou the same amount of time.) The camera never moves and seldom cuts. Becky’s life is immobile now. She’s in a thin, soft sweater over a tatter old Evergreen College shirt. Beyond natural. No makeup. S clean hair. The mask of theatricality is no more. Looking her, you'd almost think she’d been lobotomized. Becky Something doesn’t live here. Just Rebecca Adamczyk. The tea kettle boils and whistles in the kitchen. 39 40 80.
3) 3) dialog: (horse voice, weird sounding) Baby.
3) 5) dialog: Momma missed you.
3) 10) dialog: Bullshitter. Silence.
3) 11) dialog: I have a year next week.
3) 14) dialog: She misses me?
3) 17) dialog: I had this dream. We were brothers in a past life and we were Native American. You killed all the children in our tribe. And that’s why I was so horrible to you in this life. Danny cannot fathom a response to this. He reaches into a and hands her legal looking documents.
3) 20) dialog: I will.
3) 22) dialog: Does it make a difference.
3) 24) dialog: Including you, do you know how many lawsuits I have against me?
3) 26) dialog: Care to say it out loud. 83.
3) 28) dialog: Settling with M and A. Child support. Breach of contract. Contracts. Promoters. Howard. I’ve lost track.
3) 30) dialog: There’s nothing left. They gave me my band name in exchange for publishing. I don’t own my own music. I’m broke. I can’t give you anything.
3) 32) dialog: I can’t leave this house. I can’t go back into the world. A moment of silence. She sips her tea. Becky seems afraid She talks of leaving the house like she is in a horror mo
3) 34) dialog: Excuse me what?
3) 36) dialog: You shouldn’t have done that.
3) 38) dialog: She took everything I built.
3) 40) dialog: (thinking) I can’t see her like this.
3) 42) dialog: Why did you do it. Why did you bring her?
3) 44) dialog: I need a minute. Go get her and count to a hundred. Danny stands, exits. We stay on Becky, stiff, thinking. A a moment, Tama comes running in.
3) 46) dialog: Oof. You’re getting big, kiddo. What’s daddy feeding you?
3) 48) dialog: Yum. I wish I had some of those.
3) 50) dialog: Oh boy. Well I don’t know if have any of that but if you’re not too big Maybe we can can you peanut butter and jelly if that’s okay.
3) 52) dialog: Alright alright! 85. It’s fun and shocking for this normal mom/kid moment. Bec puts Tama down. Tama runs to the piano and taps keys.
3) 53) dialog: Careful baby. Becky is finding herself choked up by this all. It’s comi to the surface and she is trying to keep it inside, sort
3) 55) dialog: (she sits on piano bench) What kind of a song?
3) 57) dialog: A song that makes me think of you. Hrmmm...okay. You ready?
3) 59) dialog: This next one’s a cover. Piano keys tap out the sublime first notes of the song. W up to lyrics. Bum da bum bum bum. Bum da bum bum bum.
3) 60) dialog: Oh thinking about all our younger years There was only you and me We were young and wild and free (MORE )
3) 62) dialog: Now nothing can take you away from me We’ve been down that road before, but that’s over now. You keep me coming back for more. Baby you’re all that I want. When you’re lying here in my arms. I’m finding it hard to believe. We’re in heaven. And love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It isn’t too hard to see. We’re in heaven. Oh once in your life you find someone. Who will turn your world around. Bring you up when you’re feeling down. Yeah nothing can change what you mean to me. There’s lots that I could say. But just hold me now. Cause our love will light the way. (Tama holds onto Becky now, arms around her waist.) One shot. Baby you’re all that I want. When you’re lying here in my arms. I’m finding it hard to believe. We’re in heaven. Yeah love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It isn’t too hard to see. We’re in heaven. I’ve been waiting for so long. For something to arrive. For love to come along. Now our dreams are coming true. Through the good times and the bad. Yeah I’ll be standing there by you. And baby you’re all that I want. When you’re lying here in my arms. I’m finding it hard to believe. We’re in heaven. And love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It wasn’t too hard to see. We’re in heaven. This is the most amazing performance of Heaven by Bryan Adams that you have ever heard or will ever hear. The emotion is unfathomable. Becky has never given anythi as much as she is giving this. 87. Tama loves it, bobs her head the whole time and when the ends and we finally cut to see Danny and Mari standing in door, he looks like he’s never seen anything like this an Mari just saw for the first time in a decade the Becky sh first knew and Mari, like every viewer watching this scen is crying right now. Becky kisses Tama. She heard them come in and knew they w there the whole time. She doesn’t turn to face them.
3) 63) dialog: Hey M.
3) 70) dialog: Uh huh. You wanna hear?
3) 74) dialog: Dad can get this one. I’1l make the next one. 88.
3) 77) dialog: I lost so much time with her.
3) 79) dialog: I had a vision of you holding her at my funeral. I saw you and Danny, holding her hands and I was so happy that you were godmother. I’ve seen my death a dozen times in a dozen different ways. In every vision I’m surrounded by people. I never die alone.
3) 81) dialog: There’s an ache in my bones. Mari takes a minute. This is a crushing thing to respond She sits down near the piano. Puts the present she has be holding down. Becky looks at it, devoid of curiosity.
3) 83) dialog: Thanks Howard. How’s he doing?
3) 85) dialog: Thank you for taking my call. Back then. You didn’t have to.
3) 87) dialog: Ali didn’t.
3) 89) dialog: How’s she been?
3) 91) dialog: Husband?
3) 93) dialog: I should get a copy.
3) 95) dialog: I’1l buy my own.
3) 98) dialog: Danny told me. That’s rad. I’m happy for you. (pause) You'll be a really good mom. Silence. This is getting harder, not easier. 90.
3) 100) dialog: Alone. A lot.
3) 102) dialog: Sure. You wanna hear some stuff?
3) 104) dialog: Don’t like, tell people anything about what you hear.
3) 106) dialog: Just...if anybody asks. Does anybody ask?
3) 108) dialog: It’s okay. Only...be kind, alright? 91. Becky never expressed any sensitivity or need for approva not once in their entire career together so Mari knows it actually a different person, draped in soft fabric hangin off her lithe, weakened frame. The ghost of Becky future.
3) 110) dialog: Slipping out I’ve caused you pain I shake at the thought of it Anyone could shift the blame But I’m the root the cause of it I don’t think I’ve learned Anything since you Taking ten steps back Polarize the view And how can I be expected to grow If I’m stuck living in what I Already know and I don’t wanna quit I just wanna be in control of it I don’t wanna quit I just wanna be in control of it What I recall Is cold and mean I owe good health and time to you But I get stuck To the wrong things And only space shows me the truth I have not learned I have learned nothing since you Taking ten steps back Polarize the truth It’s clear to Mari that this is exactly what they were tr to make in Act 2, a return to form that is also a leap forward. Somehow, Becky exorcised the demons and created 92.
3) 112) dialog: Just a little thing. Mari looks and see stacks of recordings around the machin Becky has enough for a double album and four bootlegs her An epic amount of music. She sees Mari looking.
3) 113) dialog: It’s mostly junk.
3) 115) dialog: Still?
3) 117) dialog: I fucked you over a hundred times.
3) 119) dialog: I don’t know if I can let people hear this. I think it’s just too, too, just too much.
3) 121) dialog: I don’t deserve another chance.
3) 123) dialog: They always loved me. It’s not loving them back that got me here. 93.
3) 125) dialog: I always thought I’d die on stage. There’s nothing here than can hurt me. I have to stay here, or else...
3) 127) dialog: Somehow I’ve cheated it. It’s very real. It wasn’t that time, so maybe it’ll be next time. So there can’t ever be a next time.
3) 129) dialog: No. It isn’t. Ya-Ema once told me that Tama would be my downfall. I thought he meant she would bring my downfall. It wasn’t until later that I realized he meant my love for her is my true weakness.
3) 131) dialog: He understood me.
3) 133) dialog: Who is she? Mari smiles and makes an ‘I don’t know’ shrug.
3) 136) dialog: She’s a user.
3) 138) dialog: She’s a deadbeat.
3) 140) dialog: A persona.
3) 142) dialog: Recovering.
3) 144) dialog: A way to hide from Rebecca Adamczyk.
3) 146) dialog: I dunno. Nobody’s seen her since I was sixteen. Tama comes in, interrupting. Leaps at Becky.
3) 148) dialog: I know sweetheart. Mommy’s just catching up with Aunt Mari.
3) 150) dialog: Yeah. Let’s go outside. They stand up and slowly get together. Mari knows this conversation is over but the seed has been planted. Offer on the table. 42 43 95. Danny joins from the kitchen as they walk to the door whi leads to the backyard.
4) 0) text: This is the first time in this story we have been outside it’s shocking. Vampiric. Becky shrinks a little and adjus her eyes, breaths fresh air, reacts to nature. We’ve neve seen her outdoors, ever. Tama runs off into the yard. Danny puts his hand on Becky’s shoulder as they watch Tam lovingly and he gives her a small look of acceptance and reassurance and that’s all she ever wanted. Becky steps away from it and into the light and walks off porch into the yard and follows Tama into a thicket of tr and lets the sun light and wind and all the rest wash ove her and her clothes are flowing and she looks like a ghos a movie whose spirit is finally let go and dissolves or evaporates into the air. It has that eerie vibe about it. END OF ACT FOUR. INTERLUDE #5 (No context) GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Becky, Mari and Ali are collapsed in delirious laughter on the floor in front of paper photo shoot backdrop. This is the photo shoot for t Spin cover from Interlude 1. Their faces are turning red, they are gasping for air as laugh: just them together, physically, emotionally, havin fun and loving being in a band. The Best of Times.
4) 2) dialog: Yeah. Ali and Mari come in. Obviously they’ve been practicing a stuff so this isn’t the reunion but it’s a reunion of the public personas and that feels substantial. The women circle one another, silent, smiling, looking at their stage outfits.
4) 4) dialog: Thank you. (she curtseys) Mari is happy and not hiding it; she brought this togethe
4) 5) dialog: Is this a mistake.
4) 9) dialog: Christ Goodman, we’re not Lady Lazarus the damn Phoenix.
4) 18) dialog: Not nearly enough ya big sap. Get outta here. Tonight’s not about me. Howard exits and pauses at the door.
4) 20) dialog: I never thought I’d live this long and wanted to avoid it.
4) 22) dialog: Hey. Thanks for sticking by me.
4) 25) dialog: Yeah’m. Yeah. Fine. It’s iffy and it’s odd being back. Do you hear the ghosts? The bones and chains rattling? Do you feel the spirits of the past?
4) 27) dialog: I’ve never seen it sober before.
5) 1) dialog: Oh fuck looky here. All hug, smiles, kisses. 99.
5) 3) dialog: Still breathing.
5) 6) dialog: Alright alright you’re making me feel like a specimen.
5) 8) dialog: How're things?
5) 10) dialog: I know. It’s the best one yet.
5) 12) dialog: That’s because they’re assholes who don’t want artists to change. I’m serious. It’s on repeat. I love it.
5) 20) dialog: It’s fine. We've spoken. She heard what I had to say. Actually: she still around?
5) 22) dialog: Maybe this means something. Excuse me. Becky exits swiftly. The room is quiet for a moment.
6) 0) text: A tattooed girl and a few guys are inside: the girl is VI and she knows Becky, of course. Vivvy is equally cool, bu night and day from Becky. Dark hair, dark look.
6) 2) dialog: Hey Vivvy. Thought you'd be here.
6) 4) dialog: Right on. Becky looks past Vivvy into a room with people around a t with booze and drugs and joints and so on.
6) 6) dialog: (in a trance, almost) Uhhhhhh. No. No. I’m, um, I’m good. I’m just Zelda?
6) 8) dialog: No. I can’t. Just tell her I’m looking.
6) 10) dialog: Maybe. Probably not. My daughter’s here. 46 102.
6) 12) dialog: She's good. She’s big. Almost seven.
6) 14) dialog: Yeah sure. I’1l find you. Becky exits, starting to be disoriented. THE VENUE, CORRIDOR —- CONTINUOUS 46 She is losing her focus in the hallway which is full of c noises and the deja vu and the drugs are putting her on e She hasn't been around drugs since getting clean. There’s a circular disorienting moment where Becky gets l headed. She pauses and then resumes looking for Zelda. She opens Vivvy’s door again, confused.
6) 16) dialog: Oh, uh no. Sorry I didn’t realize this was...yeah sorry. She closes the door and walks off and just as she does Ze is coming towards her. Zelda looks incredible and is wearing some giant floor le gown/cape thing which is extreme and would look not absur exactly four people on earth and she is one of them.
6) 18) dialog: (flustered, eternally uncool next to Zelda) Zee. Hey. I was uh, I’s looking for you.
6) 20) dialog: You and me both, girl.
6) 22) dialog: Ummmmm. . .
6) 24) dialog: Oh, uh. I mean you can say no and you probably will but I’m going to have a little seance right now. Very pure, really find a clearing on my path before we go, like, do this thing. I know it’s just this song and I know it’s not about me but I want some women around me to help--- She is rambling. Zelda gets it and tries to sooth Becky.
6) 26) dialog: I am Rebecca Adamczyk. I rely on the strength of others for support. Thank you all for being here with me. Silence. Then:
6) 36) dialog: No matter what happens next, thank you for letting me be who I am. I’ve tried and I’ve tried and I’ve tried and you all stuck with me. Until the very end. Becky exits. The women are still feeling good.
7) 80) text: Mari and Ali walk towards Becky. We stay behind, watching three women from afar, the perspective of spectators. Still silent. Still calm. Slow. See people’s reactions ag This moment is about seeing Danny and Howard. Their faces unambiguously ambiguous. Each is certain of something els the worst. The best. Nobody knows for sure. From a distance we see the emotional huddle of Something Becky is shuffling. Mari is strong and confident as she p Becky’s head on her shoulder. Ali seems more reluctant to embrace. It’s not clear what is being said but it is clea what is happening: they trust one and love one another. Mari and Ali look Becky in the eyes and clearly she gives definitive answer. They pause. Her head is forcefully nodding, even though she seems wobbly and weak. Becky and Mari walk back to Howard and Danny.
7) 91) dialog: At the end I have to be me. I caused a lot of pain and I’m sorry. I was so nervous. I am so nervous. I don’t know how to go out there like that. All by myself. Rambling in her own stream of thoughts, newly laden with regret, disappointment, sadness and a sense of self aware we've never seen before. Everybody moves towards her, not angry, but with love. Ready to embrace her, because that’ all she ever wanted or needed.
7) 95) dialog: Things are okay. Things will be okay. She looks to Mari and Ali. They are there for her. Everybody is confused, but there’s nothing more to say. T are no answers here, except one: the show must go on.
7) 103) dialog: Rebecca never went on stage exposed and alone. She never knew how.
7) 106) dialog: Yeah. Okay.
7) 108) dialog: It’s okay. I’m ready to go. 118. anda Ali and Mari nod to him to go. Howard steps to the stage the perspective of him remains in the wings as he starts talking. We hear his story while mostly watching Becky, M and Ali hold one another’s hands and faces and get ready.
7) 113) text: We are still on Becky, Ali and Mari. Zelda is behind them Becky looks up to the balcony/VIP area at Tama and this g her strength to get her head straight, close her eyes and focus. She gives her head to Ali and Mari and they hold h
7) 115) text: I love and respect the hell out of these and am proud to call them family. Please give a Paragon welcome, together for the first time in nearly four years: Becky Something, Ali Van Der Wolff and Marielle Hell. Ladies and gentlemen: SOMETHING SHE! The crowd goes insane. It’s unreal to see these women together again. Howard gestures to the stage and Becky freezes like a deer in headlights. She looks out at him, the spotlights, the audience, hears applause and she can’t move. Mari and Ali are by her side
7) 116) dialog: Is it today? Is today the day I don’t make it?
7) 119) dialog: Where ya been? WILD APPLAUSE.
7) 120) dialog: Oh and thanks Howard for the bullshit story because I don’t remember it happening like that at all. Side of the stage: Howard laughs and finds another mic.
7) 122) dialog: I do remember the blue hair. (LAUGHTER FROM CROWD)
7) 126) dialog: I used to think of myself as an island and it took me a lifetime to realize that without people like these women beside me nobody is nothin’ and I dunno if you heard but I haven't exactly done this lately and I’m like a little pee shy or whatever and I know I didn’t ask them about this and Howard if I know you you’ve got some big bullshit finale planned and I wasn’t included and I don’t wanna ruin it bit I’m gonna because I’ve been through some shit and there’s lotsa people who I wouldn’t be here without and only like eight of em are here and only like four of em are musicians not in this band so if Crassy Cassie, Roxie Rotten, Dottie 0.Z. and cause I am full of love tonight, Zelda E. Zekial care to come up on stage and help me stumble through this bullshit? Becky is wired and, drugs or no drugs, she is fun, energe and workable. Not a disaster. The crowd goes more insane for this super group gathering one by one these women come out and bow to the applause. Becky hugs each one and makes eye contact with Danny, Ani and Tama (near Lauren, Tiffany and Roy) in the balcony. She puts her arm around Zelda and steps to the mic and is bursting with adrenaline and might explode.
7) 127) dialog: Cut the bullshit and love each other, okay? People applaud and cannot wait to hear music and Zelda ki Becky. It’s really complete to see a rivalry buried publi Becky pulls the women in and huddles, muttering the plan. They take positions and the Akergirls get instruments and Zelda gets a tambourine or some noisy hand instrument and Becky and Mari and Ali exchange a warm and loving look an Ali gives a drumstick count and the song starts. It’s rousing, singalong ready. Everybody can take half a verse and sing together, beautifully, on the choruses. Tw minute long burst of pure punk and the song has a narrati about the ups and downs of being on tour in a band with nothing. One by one they share the mic to tell this story (the song is written by Alicia Bognanno/Bully) 122.
7) 128) dialog: I stopped counting Lost track of time Ran out of patience I know what’s mine, I know what’s mine You get me angry You read me wrong I kinda like it. Kills to belong, kills to belong. If I don’t breath I can feel her barely walking Take over me She’s alive and I’m on to something I’d give ten years for a piece of her mind I would I’d give a hundred just to hit rewind My hands are easy And my aim is blind Resist the feeling Control my mind, control my mind. I beg politely. To lie alone Nothing’s forever. This much I know. This much I know. If I don’t breath I can feel her barely walking Take over me She’s alive and I’m on to something I’d give ten years for a piece of her mind I would I’d give a hundred just to hit rewind If I don’t breath....If I don’t breath... It’s so fucking awesome and the crowd goes insane at the Glorious beyond all belief. From the stage wings, Howard cheering and deeply touched. (The VIP area: Ania, Danny, Tiffany, Lauren and Roy love Danny makes quick eye contact with Becky and takes Tama through an exit door.) All seven women bow and things are so positive and Becky sweating like crazy and on her face there’s tears with th sweat and she falls into a loving embrace with Mari and A who has come out from behind the kit. Zelda and the Akergirls step back to let Something She ha this. Becky hugs all of them and the moment feels complet Becky has been occupied with where Danny was headed and i laser focused on it and without saying anything walks off quickly to intercept them. Drifting away from the victory 59 123. Mari and Ali leave the stage and walk past Howard who doe know what will happen, alone now. The crowd is chanting:
7) 130) dialog: 
7) 133) dialog: She holds Tama who is happy and smiling because she’s nev seen her mom be so wild and has never heard rock before s this is her first concert and first exposure to rock.
7) 134) dialog: Did you see mommy up there?
7) 136) dialog: Momma is gonna be better, baby, for you. I promise.
7) 138) dialog: Mari and Ali have been watching Becky with Tama. Everybody knows that Becky only needed to get this one th out of the way to move on with the rest of her life. Beck Something, on stage again. Drugs or no. Sober on stage fo the first time or simply back on stage after years away. It’s all mostly over now. She’s not a junkie, really, anymore. But recovery is a long process and Danny, Mari, Ali all know that and know that they need to be supportiv Becky right now, as they always have been.
7) 140) dialog: 
7) 144) dialog: No. That’s all I got. It’s over. Becky holds Tama and closes her eyes as she leans back on wall. END OF ACT FIVE. THE END.