0) 139) dialog: They love you. And I love that they love you. Danny. What’s happening?
0) 141) dialog: Becky, Zelda is waiting.
0) 147) dialog: Express regards. Cheer. Celebratory remarks? She said you were great tonight.
0) 149) dialog: I believe I saw her with an olive branch. Would I lead you astray?
0) 151) dialog: Do it for me. She’s not lying. You were great tonight. Becky looks to Ya-Ema and Dymoke for consultation.
0) 156) dialog: Of course. Anything you need. Becky throws her arm around Howard as they exit the room. THE VENUE, CORRIDOR —- CONTINUOUS 8
0) 158) dialog: Let’s say hello to Zelda and I’11 confirm this while you’re with her. She's excited to see everybody.
0) 160) dialog: To your right then on the left.
0) 163) dialog: I’m a communicator. I communicate. How’s she doing? 21. He lovingly pats Tama.
0) 165) dialog: How're you doing?
0) 167) dialog: No. But hey: you know who does? They both laugh. A sad, tender moment between the men who suffer for Becky. Howard’s eyes are full of empathy.
0) 168) dialog: Anything I can do?
0) 170) dialog: I’m trying. I’m always trying.
0) 208) dialog: So! Do we have a deal?
0) 210) dialog: I thought you might feel this way but hear us out.
0) 223) dialog: I’m so sorry. Worth a shot, though? Maybe we take another swing when she’s not so...so...I can’t find the word. 27.
0) 235) dialog: It was entirely my idea. Don’t blame her. Becky motions to Ya-Ema and Dymoke, cleansing the air wit some sort of burning reed, purifying the room for her.
0) 245) dialog: Perhaps we should all retreat to our separate rooms for a bit? Becky starts rolling on the floor, slowly slinking up, ar and limbs clumsily draped over the furniture, like a crab She reaches for Tama and falls again, at Howard, Mari and Ali's feet. They all look afraid and upset.
1) 3) dialog: I finally understand why you begged me to stop checking in.
1) 5) dialog: I had to see for myself who was occupying this studio I stopped paying for. Did they not give you the memo?
1) 7) dialog: Isn’t that nice of her. I have this room booked for my new group but it’s not yet vacated.
1) 9) dialog: Did they not tell you you had to leave?
1) 11) dialog: And what did they say?
1) 13) dialog: If this is the best she has to show after nine months I’m very screwed.
1) 16) dialog: Laid off staff to cover overages? Mortgage on my beach house? I’m not on a limb, I’m lying on the ground next to the damn tree.
1) 18) dialog: Releasing their new album this year would help cover your mess. Interrupted by Becky, pounding on the window looking mean nasty. Throughout, her voice is muted. Sound proofing.
1) 24) dialog: There’s a solution to this. I need to figure out what it is. Let’s take a step back and think for a second.
1) 31) dialog: Easy now. Becky does just that in the glass window reflection and i obvious she loves what she sees. She blows herself a kiss
1) 33) dialog: Let’s not. Let’s be calm. Let’s withdraw to somewhere neutral place and talk compromises.
1) 41) dialog: I'm so fucked. The next band’s going to show up any minute. You shoulda told me you were still here. I need time to think.
1) 43) dialog: Hey don’t just leave me here--- (his talking fades out) Follow Mari out into the hallway and then the ladies room 16 17 18 38.
1) 65) dialog: Seems we've got a logjam!
1) 67) dialog: We're all family here, right? Business family. One big happy business family. 41.
1) 69) dialog: Nonsense. No problem at all! Everything's fine. We record your album. Release it. Everything will work out. Easy as pie. Becky will understand. Roxie Rotten is still just watching Becky, who now looks an animal at the zoo aware of being watched. Everybody freezes because her playing stops. The lioness sees.
1) 73) dialog: The Akergirls. Did I not send you their seven inch? You’re gonna love them. You’1l love them. I’ve, yeah, I’ve signed them and now they-
1) 76) dialog: As thrilling as it is to see your passionate commitment, I was counting on the studio being free by now. Perhaps that’s my mistake. I haven't exactly been around.
1) 78) dialog: A misunderstanding! I was giving you space and freedom without me breathing down your neck. I did what I had to do to tighten my belt. Can you blame me? Everyone is calm, assuming Becky will explode.
1) 91) dialog: Keith, could you give us a minute? Keith exits.
1) 92) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
1) 94) dialog: I can’t afford eight more months. I’11l go bankrupt while you your “opus.” I’m on my last credit line and you’re on life number nine. These girls might be our salvation so it’d be swell if you didn’t torpedo them in the process of drowning.
1) 96) dialog: (to Mari) Can you make her aware?
1) 103) dialog: That’s the short of it. This is the first moment Becky doesn’t act like the Tazma Devil. Not Becky Something. Rebecca Adamczyk. Clear eyed.
1) 109) dialog: It’s over. That’s that. I trusted you to be alone and you burned down the house. I’m so sorry. I've tried everything I can.
1) 111) dialog: Can you handle her?
1) 113) dialog: You’re one on one without Ali. I can’t help you. But I need you.
1) 115) dialog: You need your rocket fuel? Mari looks into the studio. The sing a long is over and t Akergirls bring in gear and Becky is ducking into a tent the corner, head down, and Mari knows what that means. It small/big moment on Mari, quiet, lingering.
2) 82) dialog: Nothing?
2) 84) dialog: Well this is great. That’s it. I’m done. It’s over. She’s cost me a house. Half my company. Can you accuse me of not trying hard enough? Did I not present opportunity after opportunity? And this is how it ends. (sees Ania) Forgive me, Ania. Lovely to see you.
2) 86) dialog: Does it even matter how much longer we wait?
2) 88) dialog: I’m deeply sorry. If I’d known--- Cassie and Roxie shake their heads. You can hear it. Building outside this room. The tremble noise, anticipation growing louder. (BACK TO THE OVERHEAD SHOT OF THE CROWD. IT’S READY TO PO Howard and co. listen like it’s a Godzilla attack. Eyes w open, alarmed for how much longer they can survive in her
2) 89) dialog: Give her ten more minutes. No. Five. Then it’s over. (to Ali) I’m sorry. You know nobody wants this night to go off more than me.
2) 91) dialog: At this point any one on stage but Becky will make matters worse. 31 65.
2) 101) dialog: Two. Hours!
2) 129) dialog: Let me...let me go tell them you’re ready. He exits and Becky is gone. You see her ducking into the bathroom and slamming the door. Danny looks at Ali, sad. Junkie ducking into the bathroom...bad news.
2) 174) dialog: (to Ali) Can you...anything?
4) 8) dialog: You all look incredible. Thank you. Really, thanks for doing this. 97.
4) 10) dialog: It’s my night. You tried hard as you could to torpedo my business but somehow the company has survived for twenty years so let me throw a living wake.
4) 13) dialog: You don’t think I actually wanted to see any of you? They all push back against a wall and pose, Howard and Be in the middle. Smiles all around. Show Mari, Ali and Beck faces as the flashes go off. Holding smiles. Faking it. L King Kong having his photo taken. Feel the pressure on Be as the press and the publicity machine begins to consume He exits.
4) 15) dialog: See you out there?
4) 17) dialog: (to Becky) It means a lot to me that you’re here. I mean it. I’m nearly speechless.
4) 19) dialog: Why couldn’t you be this smart ten years ago? 98.
4) 21) dialog: See you ladies on stage.
4) 23) dialog: There was never a question. Mari blows a kiss and Ali waves with both hands. You can the current band finish, yell ‘THANK YOU AND THANK YOU HOWARD’ and applause and they exit the stage. Mari and Ali are noticing how jittery and on edge Becky i
7) 36) dialog: Have we lost Becky already?
7) 38) dialog: I'll have a stroke! I was joking. Goddamnit not this again ahhh sonofabitch where is she?
7) 41) dialog: One smooth night. After all these years is that too much?
7) 43) dialog: I’ll say hello to Danny. They walk back to the Something She dressing room. Vivvy crosses opposite with several others loopy and in party m Mari studies this: she doesn’t like how the signs are pil up. There’s a chill, a tension here that walking behind Howard, Mari and Ali express to one another. 53 112.
7) 46) dialog: Where is she?
7) 49) dialog: Negative. Just saw them.
7) 56) dialog: Do we have faith?
7) 72) dialog: Why is she standing like that?
7) 77) dialog: 
7) 80) text: Mari and Ali walk towards Becky. We stay behind, watching three women from afar, the perspective of spectators. Still silent. Still calm. Slow. See people’s reactions ag This moment is about seeing Danny and Howard. Their faces unambiguously ambiguous. Each is certain of something els the worst. The best. Nobody knows for sure. From a distance we see the emotional huddle of Something Becky is shuffling. Mari is strong and confident as she p Becky’s head on her shoulder. Ali seems more reluctant to embrace. It’s not clear what is being said but it is clea what is happening: they trust one and love one another. Mari and Ali look Becky in the eyes and clearly she gives definitive answer. They pause. Her head is forcefully nodding, even though she seems wobbly and weak. Becky and Mari walk back to Howard and Danny.
7) 83) dialog: She’1l be fine? What does that mean she'll be fine? Is she straight? Is she messed up? Can she perform?
7) 85) dialog: Find Zelda! See if she can go on. The roadie runs to find Zelda.
7) 109) dialog: I first saw this next band...almost ten, god, no, eleven years ago. They were opening for, well, it doesn’t matter who they were opening for because I left right after their set. Ran backstage. Dropped to my knees and begged to let me sign them. And this woman, this once in a lifetime, never been anyone like her in the world, fire brand of a woman, her hair dyed bright blue, looks down at me, a desperate pathetic adult man ina leather jacket and no established career, a label that I ran out of my mother’s basement, begging to work with her. And at this time, she’s a nobody. Keep in mind, this was maybe their ninth show. And you know what she does? She looks me in the eye and says ‘Who the fuck are you to want to work with a star like me?’ (CROWD LAUGHTER)
7) 112) dialog: She sits down and looks me in the eye after months of making me chase, beg, everything, she looks at me and she says ‘who are you again and what is this about?’ (CROWD LAUGHTER)
7) 114) dialog: We've been together ever since. Through the ups, the downs, a friendly lawsuit or two, but mostly, it’s the good times I think about. Both of them. (CROWD LAUGHTER)
7) 115) text: I love and respect the hell out of these and am proud to call them family. Please give a Paragon welcome, together for the first time in nearly four years: Becky Something, Ali Van Der Wolff and Marielle Hell. Ladies and gentlemen: SOMETHING SHE! The crowd goes insane. It’s unreal to see these women together again. Howard gestures to the stage and Becky freezes like a deer in headlights. She looks out at him, the spotlights, the audience, hears applause and she can’t move. Mari and Ali are by her side
7) 121) dialog: Do you remember it at all?
7) 123) text: Oh but what to say what to say what to say! Okay so I know this is all about Howard but I’ve heard enough kind things about him to last a lifetime and those are the ones he says about himself. (LAUGHTER FROM CROWD)
7) 141) text: Howard comes back to find them. He looks so excited.
7) 142) dialog: They want more. You got one more? Becky looks at Mari and Ali and then down at Tama, just holding her mom’s chest and being so happy because she no loves rock and roll.