2) 189) text: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Backyard of Becky’s new ho It’s nice and has a pool. Becky, in a pool chair, holds a week old Tama. She is smoking a cigarette and dozing.
3) 4) dialog: Mommy . They hug. Becky swallows her tragedy because the pain of confronting the reality of how bad she fucked up kills he
3) 6) dialog: I missed momma. 4l 81. Becky is dying inside. This is agony.
3) 8) dialog: Yeah okay! There is already a Tama stool by the machine for her mont visits. She begins to play. The game noises are soft and fading as Becky and Danny walk to another big, sparse roo COUNTRY HOUSE, MUSIC ROOM - CONTINUOUS 4l This one is full of instruments and simple, vintage recor gear to prove that Becky is still active. Like the other rooms, it has big open windows and feels quiet and soft a in addition to pinball, you hear birds and bugs and wind. Becky cannot make eye contact with Danny, ashamed and ful self loathing. But she isn’t fully broken. Always, embers danger are within her, and the threat is there. You see it on Danny’s face. He isn’t sure she can stay so forever, but is impressed as this is the longest she has gone. This year came after a relapse or two. It’s about sixteen months since Act 3. Becky, in recovering addict mode, can feel people looking cracks when they are with her. It feels awful. She holds tea in both hands, like it will shield her.
3) 45) dialog: Momma? I lost my three balls. Becky picks her up, standing herself.
3) 47) dialog: Chicken fingers and fish fingers.
3) 49) dialog: And noodles.
3) 51) dialog: ‘eanut butter!
3) 54) dialog: Play me a song mommy.
3) 56) dialog: A song that reminds you of me. Static. Still, from far away: we see the two of them, Bec posed and ready at the piano. She rolls her head back.
3) 58) dialog: Ready-o! And just for this moment, it’s too bad that Becky has an audience of one because what she is about to deliver is t most achingly beautiful, soul-deep performance of maybe h entire life. And if she were to be playing this for an audience of 10,000, there wouldn't be a dry eye in the ho It's deep, tender, emotional. From a place deep within herself where the pure love lives. The love so deep it wa protected from all the drugs, pain and misery she caused herself and others. It’s closer to a hymn, filling up a church with tones of reverie and spiritual meaning and th reason she can muster all that is because it’s all for Ta One of the best songs ever written: HEAVEN by Bryan Adams
3) 65) dialog: Aunt Mari did you hear? Mom sang a song just for me.
3) 67) dialog: You should sing for me too sometime.
3) 73) dialog: Mom said she’d make me a sandwich.
3) 75) dialog: Okay momma but you have to make the next one. Tama kisses Becky and runs to Danny, who swoops her up. H looks at Becky and Mari, knowing they should be alone. He exits. Mari and Becky feel it out. They haven’t seen one another coming up on three years.
3) 147) dialog: Momma I’m bored.
3) 149) dialog: Can we go outside to play?
4) 0) text: This is the first time in this story we have been outside it’s shocking. Vampiric. Becky shrinks a little and adjus her eyes, breaths fresh air, reacts to nature. We’ve neve seen her outdoors, ever. Tama runs off into the yard. Danny puts his hand on Becky’s shoulder as they watch Tam lovingly and he gives her a small look of acceptance and reassurance and that’s all she ever wanted. Becky steps away from it and into the light and walks off porch into the yard and follows Tama into a thicket of tr and lets the sun light and wind and all the rest wash ove her and her clothes are flowing and she looks like a ghos a movie whose spirit is finally let go and dissolves or evaporates into the air. It has that eerie vibe about it. END OF ACT FOUR. INTERLUDE #5 (No context) GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Becky, Mari and Ali are collapsed in delirious laughter on the floor in front of paper photo shoot backdrop. This is the photo shoot for t Spin cover from Interlude 1. Their faces are turning red, they are gasping for air as laugh: just them together, physically, emotionally, havin fun and loving being in a band. The Best of Times.
7) 5) dialog: Aunt Mari! 50 51 109.
7) 90) dialog: I wanna say good luck before your concert mommy. She kisses Becky. At this, Becky breaks down. Not into te but into herself. It all goes in rather than coming out. Danny, Ania, Howard, Mari and Ali have all come to Becky She hands Tama to Danny and with the weight of a world of shame crushing her, faces her supporters.
7) 113) text: We are still on Becky, Ali and Mari. Zelda is behind them Becky looks up to the balcony/VIP area at Tama and this g her strength to get her head straight, close her eyes and focus. She gives her head to Ali and Mari and they hold h
7) 135) dialog: Best song I ever saw! Becky is woozy from adrenaline (and maybe more) and holds Tama close to her. She can’t stand up. She leans on the w
7) 143) dialog: Go play more momma! Becky pauses and thinks. Mari and Ali are ready to go for more. Becky is now clear headed and determined once again Becky looks around at her loved ones. The crowd keeps chanting as Mari and Ali embrace and look like acceptance peace have found them at last.