0) 35) dialog: (nodding, confident) Dymoke prepares.
0) 39) dialog: The item? Becky produces a photograph and an item of jewelry. Ya-Em hands them to Dymoke who places them at the center of the ceremonial table. This shit is weird. Dymoke rubs some so of powder on the objects and lights candles around them.
0) 127) dialog: I did not decree this. 17.
0) 134) dialog: (chanting) Ammmmmm nahhhhhhh. Ammmmmm nahhhhhbhh. Becky opens her eyes and sits up. It’s insane: like she i different person. Still messed up but fear of Tama is gon
0) 252) dialog: Innnn-connn-immmm Tama is still crying and crying. 31. Ali rips off her vomit covered shirt and props it under Becky’s head, grabs a coke mirror and puts it under her n to see if she is breathing. Dymoke’s hands are in the way spreading his elixir on her chest.
0) 253) dialog: Innnn-connn-immmm Tama is still crying and crying and crying. Becky's eyes flutter faster. She vomits some more onto Al hands and struggles to open her eyes, to breath, and does even try to hold her head up.
0) 254) dialog: (chanting) Innnn-connn-immmm
1) 0) text: Golden, yellowish brown lights buzz bask this past it’s p studio in a ancient haze of wood and history. The place i laden with signs of the amount of time Becky has spent he in the sprawling, open ended eight months of recording th have gone poorly. Tapestries hang over crystals and other items from Ya-Ema shitty candles, no fewer than twenty packed ash trays. Th place is capital D Dingy and Becky the decrepit centerpie Becky is wearing scarves and a threadbare t shirt with on sleeve nearly gone tucked into skin tight pants. She’d lo iconically cool if she wasn’t so tragic. Her messy ponyta is a caked with grease, a heart barrette in her hair, her skin is bad and she feels 1,000% like a goddess. She poorly makes feeble attempts to strum an acoustic gui and sing a weak sounding half finished song. Warbling, ba making notes and words find one another. (the song is called Pulled Down and has been written by Alicia Bognanno/aka Bully)