0) 175) dialog: Great show, Beck.
0) 177) dialog: Ladies. Brilliant work. Ali gives Zelda a friendly hug/air kiss hello. Mari gives a much more intimate kiss. They were briefly a thing.
0) 180) dialog: You're a beauty.
0) 186) dialog: You guys are killers. The new shit for myself. Zelda is cool as a cucumber and cold as ice. Drags her cigarette.
0) 188) dialog: I’m green with envy.
0) 190) dialog: Howard said that you guys are almost wrapping this one up--
0) 192) dialog: (eyes at Mari and Ali) I've got a string of dates coming up. Want to see if guys would be interested in joining. Pregnant pause. Becky freezes. Mari and Ali brace for imp
0) 198) dialog: End of the winter. March ish.
0) 200) dialog: You brought me on my first tour, Beck, and I'll never forget it. I’m not your enemy. I never was despite what you thought happened at that festival thing. You gonna make me beg to get you to bury the hatchet?
0) 206) dialog: (wry, smiling) You're one of a kind, Beck.
0) 211) dialog: It’s not what you’re thinking. It’s not clubs. It’s theaters. An intimate--
0) 215) dialog: “Having fun in Beckytown.”
0) 217) dialog: Say it. Cut the “B.S.”
0) 219) dialog: Who’se Ya-Ema?
0) 221) dialog: I’ll go.
0) 224) dialog: Door’s open and I’m all ears. You used to pack places twice this size. What happened?
0) 226) dialog: I wouldn’t know.
0) 228) dialog: And if it isn’t?
0) 230) dialog: If you change your mind--- Becky bursts back into the room like Kramer. She has had another hit of whatever she is on and is all wired up and has Tama with her. Danny and Tiffany trail behind, panick Ya-Ema and Dymoke are there as well.
0) 232) dialog: I’m leaving. Don’t overreact.
0) 236) dialog: I’m leaving. Peel it the fuck down. Zelda makes for the exit, waving away Ya-Ema’s smoke. She Mari exchange an intimate look. A little silent side stor plays out with Zelda saying bye to Mari, Ali and Howard w Danny and Becky engage on the other side of the room.
5) 0) text: It’s the Akergirls and they just got off the stage so the are sweaty but very awesome looking. They too have mature styles, even though they are still like 26. Super chic, n longer rocker slobbish. Like Zelda in Act 1, they’ve foun the art crowd and have even done advertising campaigns. T sit in the front at some fashion shows now.
6) 17) dialog: Becky Something. As I live and breath.
6) 19) dialog: What’s it all about? Are you guys on soon? I'll be honest, I never thought I’d see the day. 47 103.
6) 21) dialog: You look good. Really good.
6) 23) dialog: Looking for me?
6) 25) dialog: Relax. I’d love to. Everything's cool. Time passes. They turn and start walking to Becky’s dressing room. The walk in silence, Zelda nearly floating on whatever specia air she breaths and Becky, shorter and more anxious than Zelda has ever been. They enter Something She’s room. THE VENUE, BECKY’S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 47 Becky moves her fingers like a conductor but she is summo all the women into a circle. She puts her hands down, motioning for everybody to take one another’s hands. Becky starts setting up. Her belief in mysticism is still powerful. She places small items, crystals, rocks, glass, the hands of all the women, puts ribbons on them and drap cloth over a stool in the center. She lights some smoking thing atop it. She has formed a prayer circle. Everybody eyes one another silently, going with it. It’s reminiscent of AA where people take hands. It shows Becky belief in powers and a program that has worked for her. Focus on Becky as she does finishing touches. It’s clear: is feeling weak right now and is putting this on to suppo herself in a time of crisis. The circle nears completion. Becky takes her place between Mari and Ali. 104. One by one, we see the faces of the six other women, star and ending with Becky. They look at one another with confidence, dedication, style and togetherness. Becky tak final silent pause, closes her eyes, and others follow su Becky is humming, some form of Ya-Ema’s chanting. Nobody joins. But after a moment, Becky speaks up.
6) 32) dialog: I am Zelda Ellen Benson-Hartman. I am here for you. Thank you all for being here with me. One face to another. Ritualistic. Calm and beautiful, to these women together, no energy, no attitude. After a mom
6) 34) dialog: Uh huh. 105.
6) 37) dialog: I should finish getting ready. Thanks for letting me crash. I know I wasn’t always front row at the Becky Show.
6) 39) dialog: See you in a few.
6) 56) dialog: No, thank you.
6) 58) dialog: Thank you, sweetheart. Zelda floats away: Becky as she could have been. All the fame, the talent, none of the problems. Zelda turns a corner and sees Danny, Tiffany (with round pregnant belly), Ania with Tama, Lauren and Ali’s husband (scruffy fellow with a beard). Another roadie is showing to a private area to watch the show.
6) 59) dialog: Danny! 107.
6) 62) dialog: They're with me. They hug and Lauren and Zelda give a more intimate hello, showing that in the last five years they hang out sometim
6) 63) dialog: (to Ania) You must be Becky’s mother. From down the hall I thought you were her.
6) 65) dialog: True story. Zelda is so charming and makes people so happy.
6) 67) dialog: Congratulations.
6) 69) dialog: How’s radio, Dirtbag?
6) 71) dialog: I just came from their room. You want me to show where it is?
6) 74) dialog: Nonsense. Watch from back here. C’mon, let me take you. (to roadie) It’s fine. I’ve got them. She leads the group back where she came from.
6) 75) dialog: (to Roy) I’m Zelda.
6) 77) dialog: Ali is such a beautiful singer. I always knew. I love the record you two did.
6) 79) dialog: Stop. It’s marvelous. Really. And here you are. See you all soon. She stops at the dressing room and keeps walking, exiting
7) 94) dialog: Oh Becky. Becky, darling. Are you okay? 117.
7) 113) text: We are still on Becky, Ali and Mari. Zelda is behind them Becky looks up to the balcony/VIP area at Tama and this g her strength to get her head straight, close her eyes and focus. She gives her head to Ali and Mari and they hold h