54) 0) text: A rehearsal in progress. The shells of apartment building have been built. The actors, who previously had been spre out on the floor of the warehouse, are now perched on scaffolding in various apartment spaces. Caden, followed Michael, surveys the scene by climbing up and down ladder It's difficult to manage with his cane.
97) 0) text: Caden weeps inconsolably at the director's table, Michael pre-Hazel assistant is back, neat and efficient-looking, old now. Hazel's dog, Squishy, sleeps on the floor. The scene in the play is dull. People walk back and forth aimlessly. Various passersby on the street have hacking coughs. Tammy steps out of the bathroom, meanders over to the director's table. Hazel's sweater is on Michael's cha back. She casually pulls it off and tries it on. Caden watches. She looks so much like Hazel now, it's unbearabl He looks away. Millicent walks by carrying a mop and buck
97) 20) dialog: She's right? I didn't see that at all. I saw it all as more hopeful.
97) 22) dialog: Any thoughts for today's rehearsal?
97) 25) dialog: Huh.
97) 27) text: Are you gay, Michael?
97) 28) dialog: Yes. I don't see what that has to do with anything.
97) 36) dialog: (DEFENSIVELY)
98) 0) text: Caden, in "Director Wig," and Michael watch Millicent, dressed Caden-esque, sitting at the director's table. Tam in Hazel's sweater, sits next to her. They watch the "Sam Funeral" scene replayed with actors playing Tammy playing Hazel and an actor playing the stand-in for Sammy playing Caden. Tammy has her head in her hands. She looks over at Millicent, imploringly.
98) 8) dialog: What's she doing?
98) 16) dialog: She's not getting the feel of you, Caden. You don't move around. You don't talk to people. It's not --
98) 30) dialog: It really was! Delightful!
98) 33) dialog: Yes! Yes! Caden, looks sideways at Michael, remains silent. (CONTINUED)
98) 40) dialog: I think you're tired, Caden.Yes. I think you just need All these years of creative some time. To regroup. work.
98) 44) dialog: Her role. Just for a bit. It's a choice role. Just until you're refreshed.