25) 0) text: Sarah and.Chris lie beneath the dilapidated neon ‘Ambassa Hotel’ sign. Chris kisses her, rapaciously, .bending her around his, stroking her everywhere. . His mouth goes down her chest, as he opens buttons on her uniform blouse. Sarah is not emotionally engaged. She watches a smog-hued sunset. Just then, Trey and Laura Lizzie round a corner, hand in hand. Sarah smiles at then, embarrassed. ©
25) 1) dialog: It was nice to meet you, Sarah.
34) 0) text: The whole DIVING TEAM, including Laura Lizzie and her Friends, as well as several COACHES are watching. Rochelle puts her shoulders back, balances, and concentra She bolinces up and down and springs out.
34) 1) dialog: Shark! Oh wait... nevermind. Rochelle is thrown, her body Contorts, and WHAM! FROM UNDERWATER -.She belly flops. The COACH winces. Laura and her friends clap politely.
34) 2) dialog: Superb. Absolutely superb. Rochelle struggles to the surface:
35) 0) text: Laura and her Friends are just getting dressed when Roche nears, wrapped in a towel.
35) 2) dialog: (to her friends, wincing) Does anybody else smell that?
35) 4) dialog: Because‘you dive like shit and you smeil like shit. Okay? Laura and her friends walk off. BY ROCHELLE’S LOCKER - She opens the door, sighs.
37) 0) text: Laura and her Friends are walking along TALKING and LAUGH Sarah comes towards them. She bisects Laura.’'s group, physically brushing up again Laura. Her fingers grab several strands of hair, and yank. Ay =NG.
37) 2) dialog: Ow! You pulled my nair out!
37) 5) dialog: Stupid fucking idiot... They walk off. Sarah smiles, clutching the hair.
38) 0) text: All the Girls are staying over. The Home Shopping Network drones on while Bonnie is busy braiding Laura's hair into back of Rochelle's. Rochelle lights a candle, WHISPERS something.
49) 1) dialog: Rochelle, I have to tell you, I was actually impressed with that last. dive today.
49) 3) dialog: ...in ‘the cannonball competition. Everybody LAUGHS. Laura high fives several of the Girls, she turns back to the mirror, combing ner long brown mane
49) 4) dialog: Wait a minute... Suddenly, Laura is holding a handful of hair. The Girls notice. Somebody GASPS: ANGLE - IN THE MIRROR - There’s.a three-inch-round patch scalp where the hair came out.
63) 0) text: Rochelle luxuriates in the hot water, in seeming solitude Rochelle looks down. ON THE FLOOR - a clump of hair, not just stubble, long strands. She turns off the water and reaches for a towel. We hear WHIMPERING. We FOLLOW A TRAIL OF HAIR around a corner. Laura Lizzie is sitting in the corner, wrapped in several towels, another draped across her head. She looks’ freake
63) 1) dialog: It keeps falling out. She: pulls the towel off her head. UNDERNEATH - A ravaged dome of scattered hair chuRps. BUM BOILS, and festering SCABS.
63) 2) dialog: I don’t understand... Behind Rochelle, another of LAURA’S FRIENDS: sees. this.
63) 4) dialog: What the fuck did I ever do to deserve this? Rochelle and Laura lock gazes: cold exchange.
87) 18) dialog: Rochelle... how’s it going?
87) 20) dialog: Listen, I wanted to... Well, the thing is... I’ve been doing a lot of thinking... I feel bad about some stuff... A TRICKLE OF BLOOD runs down Laura’s forehead. Sarah moves:away towards the stairs