21) 0) text: Dark, Catholic, and decrepit. The proprietor, an ethereal Latina with a lined face, named LIRIO, eyes the Giris war Sarah browses the occult paraphenalia. Rochelle comes over and hands Sarah a book.
21) 16) text: Yes. Lirio looks at the box of candles, the book.
21) 17) dialog: You going to pay for those? : (off Sarah’s nod) Not like your friends. They go to the counter. Sarah pays.
21) 18) dialog: You know how to use candles?
21) 20) dialog: More than that. Red is for love. Black is... Here. Take this. Read it. Lirio gives her a small book covered in Old English scrip and engravings.
21) 22) dialog: Did someone teach you? Your mother?
21) 24) dialog: You are a Natural Witch. Self-taught. Your power comes from within. Lirio touches Sarah’s hand, the ring, nodding, giving Sar creepy smile.
66) 0) text: Tne four Girls come in, jingling the little metallic SKEL BELL. The proprietor, Lirio stands behind the counter:
66) 1) dialog: My young friends... What can I do for you?
66) 3) dialog: You've been busy. A sly glance from Bonnie. Sarah wanders over to Lirio. leans in so the other girls can't hear.
66) 5) dialog: Undo? When you open a floodgate, how. do you undo it? You unleash something with a spell. There’s no un-doing. It must run it’s course.
66) 7) dialog: It’s not for you to judge suffering...
66) 12) text: Lirio starts ringing up the purchases, saying nothing.
66) 16) dialog: True magic is neither black nor white. It is both because nature is both. Loving and cruel. Ugly and beautiful. All at the same time. Earthquake, sunrise, rattlesnake, rose. It keeps a balance on it’s own. So you must not throw that balance out. Understand?
66) 19) dialog: If you have a hole in your life, do not try to fill it with the Spirit. Like. food or drugs or sex.
66) 21) dialog: You can use the spirit or he can use you.
69) 0) text: Muffled VOICES as the Girls appear outside the door. A litter of pickled FETAL PIGS bob in a dusty jar of formaldehyde. ~ Nancy crawls out from behind the boxes, brushing against jar. It. falls - SMASH! The pigs scatter. Nancy freezes. INT. LIRIO’S APARTMENT (UPSTAIRS) - NIGHT - CONT. Ancient and musty, filled with memorabilia, various relig icons. Lirio rises from a daybed and turns the television down, listening. INT. CANDLE SHOP - NIGHT - CONT. Nancy covers her nose, slinks over to the door, and, hold the skeleton bell still, opens the door.
96) 0) text: Sarah comes. in. The place is empty. she sees the black curtain. She moves to it. Just as she’s about to reach it, a hand touches her shoul and Sarah whirls around. It’s Lirio.
96) 1) dialog: Child... Sarah hugs her, starts crying. Lirio leads her to a chair
96) 2) dialog: What’s wrong?.What troubles you so?
96) 3) text: My three friends... They’re using magic against me. “LIRIO I could see this trouble coming. The blonde one.
96) 10) dialog: I can do nothing for you, child.
96) 12) dialog: Come. . She leads Sarah through the doorway into: | INT. GLASS COVERED COURTYARD - CONT. This is an old atrium with hugely overgrown trees and pla obscuring the light from above except for a small pool of _ luminescence at the far end, where, in a shaft of after sun, sits an ANCIENT WOMAN, THe Witch, ‘on an old wooden chair..She turns to Sarah. She has one milky grey eye and eye the color of blood. She smiles, revealing rows of rotting brown and missing teeth. She waves Sarah to come over.
96) 16) dialog: (right behind Sarah) She says don't be afraid. Sit down. She won't put you in a trance like the other night when you came through here with th others...
96) 19) dialog: : (crasiating) She: says this ring from your mother tells her’ many things: your mother was a very powerful woman, very beautiful and strong. More SPANISH from the Witch.
96) 20) dialog: (translating) She knew many things. But she was afraid of her own power. And you are too. The Witch tightens her grip on Sarah, CONTINUING.
96) 21) dialog: She says be strong. The Craft is a blessing... SARAH . . I never knew my mother... But sométimes I think I remember her... Sarah is softly crying. Lirio holds her. Suddenly the place is ripped apart in a BLAST. A huge FIREBALL pours in through the door from the shop. GLASS f from the ceiling. The three Women are rocked to the groun
96) 22) text: The wall into the shop has crumbled, the place is on FIRE utterly destroyed. . Then suddenly, the entire scene melds back to i:’s normal state. Silence. Sarah and Lirio are terrified. A GIGGLE from out front of the shop. A silhouette of Nanc moves past a window.
96) 28) dialog: (translating) She says it’s amateurish work, and she’s not impressed... But personally I think it’s pretty good.
96) 30) dialog: She says remember this: no one can use magi : it 3 5 ;
96) 32) dialog: You will understand when you need to.