10) 0) text: NANCY DOWNS comes ‘out of the bathroom. She wears the sam uniform as the others, but with a white-trash vibe: bleac ‘blonde hair, too much makeup, an ankle tatoo. Nancy is face to face with RAY, paunchy, unshaven, in Rot Rooter cover-alls. As the two maneuver past each other in tiny hallway, Ray Looks down her shirt.
10) 1) dialog: Did I ever tell you I have a thing for girls in Catholic school uniforms? Nancy scratches. her cheek while giving him the finger.
38) 2) text: & . . Fat chance. : Nancy is cutting cake into pieces, pouring wine into a cu a tray. She passes it to Rochelle who is on her right. Rochelle drinks. Sarah takes the tray.
53) 6) dialog: Light a fucking candle. Grace comes over and kicks him. He just lies there. She k him again, and this time he grabs her foot, pulling her d onto the bed. The tumbler of Scotch falls.
53) 9) dialog: I don’t care..
56) 0) text: Two frozen dinners twirl in the Microwave Oven. Grace is pouring two beers Nancy, in a thin robe, comes out of the bathroom, and get Diet Coke out of the little fridge. She has to carefully scoot around Ray to avoid brushing up against him.
56) 1) dialog: (fingering her robe) I think I can see through that thing. Sarah swats him. He laughs, coughs.
56) 3) dialog: I ain’t her father. Her father’s the one - that paid you the fifty bucks for a qaick: bang in the backseat. j he
56) 6) text: uw ul Grace slaps him. Ray grabs her arms and flings her down onto the floor.
56) 7) dialog: Godfuckingdammnit! Don’t you ever hit me! _ Ray puiis back with a clenched fist when Nancy lets loo unearthiy SCREAM.
56) 11) text: Ray...
57) 0) text: Ray is strapped down’with an oxygen mask in his face, delerious, monitoring tabs !across his chest, an erratic issuing from a machine. The ambulance lurches to and fro as it weaves through traffic. Nancy and Grace sit next to him in between PARAMEDICS. Suddenly the BEAT jumps faster, then stops. The Paramedics start YELLING to each other, working on hi