13) 0) text: CHRIS HOOKER, TREY HANTHAM, MITT ROGERS, and a handful of other JOCKS hang by the water fountain, perched on either side of the hall. A spindly-looking lower-class BOY, has to walk through th Trey and Mitt merely glare at the boy. This is enough to him sprint off.
13) 6) text: Trey coughs artfully spicting out the word ‘scum fuck’ or ‘fuck me’ or ‘blow job’. Other boys follow suit, except Chris, who seems annoyed.
25) 0) text: Sarah and.Chris lie beneath the dilapidated neon ‘Ambassa Hotel’ sign. Chris kisses her, rapaciously, .bending her around his, stroking her everywhere. . His mouth goes down her chest, as he opens buttons on her uniform blouse. Sarah is not emotionally engaged. She watches a smog-hued sunset. Just then, Trey and Laura Lizzie round a corner, hand in hand. Sarah smiles at then, embarrassed. ©
25) 5) dialog: We’ll catch you later, bro.
27) 0) text: Sarah is walking toward her locker when she sees Chris, T Mitt and the other Jocks in their formation on either sid the hallway. “She wavers, then decides to: keep going. Chris won’t- look at her as she passes. Trey coughs out a ‘hesebag’. Mitt coughs out a ‘used up Sarah just keeps going.
39) 4) dialog: Twice. CHRIS . ..smelly, scabby, infested, infected, old hole. The guys chuckle. Mitt sees something, looks really embarrassed.
46) 11) dialog: (whispering) * Awwwwwwww! Ain’t that sweet!
52) 10) text: : St Mouthes drop. WHISPERING. Everyone is staring. Especially Trey and Mitt.
85) 0) text: Nancy walks along the sidewalk. As she passes under each STREETLAMP, it flickers. Nancy is TALKING to herself, in angry bursts. A lamp SHATTERS with a BANG in a shower of SPARKS. EXT. TREY’S HOUSE - NIGHT A big California Tudor Mansion with drunken KIDS spilling onto the lawn. BMW’s and sporty Nissans jam every conceiv parking spot.
85) 5) dialog: Shoulder to shoulder revelry. The drunken Dionysian cult is Football. Banners and crepe paper in the Footbal team colors: red and black.
86) 0) text: Chris is on a bed, ensconced by Trey and Mitt and Several other Football: JOCKS. Chris takes swigs from a bottle of Daniels, VERY DRUNK.
86) 1) dialog: Good game, Chris. _ CHRIS. Fuck you too..: They laugh. AT THE DOOR - A GIRL runs up.
87) 15) text: oD 0 He reaches down and takes her in his arms, kissing deepiy rapaciously. EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF TREY’S - NIGHT A CAB pulls up and Sarah, Rochelle and Bonnie get out.