13) 0) text: David walks into the secretarial office. 11 DAVID: Is he in? Is my brother in? McCARDLE: Yes, Mr. David, but he's very busy. DAVID: I want to see him. McCARDLE: Well, how about, uh, 3:30 this afternoon? DAVID: I want to see him now! McCARDLE: I'm sorry. I have my orders. He's working with lawyers on the plastics deal. DAVID: Miss McCardle, are you going to press that button, I'll break that door down using you as a battering ram! McCARDLE: Mr. David! DAVID: Make up your mind! Miss McCardle pushes the button, opening the door. Inside is talking with a number of lawyers. DAVID: Linus, I want to talk to you! LINUS: Ask Miss McCardle for an appointment. DAVID: Don't give me that appointment business! I'm mad! I'm really steamed. LINUS: All right, gentlemen, I'll be ten minutes. The lawyers leave the room. LINUS: Now, what's the trouble? DAVID: How did this get in the paper? LINUS: What? DAVID: "It looks like wedding bells for David Larrabee ag The girl is Elizabeth Tyson of the Oyster Bay Tysons." LINUS: Well, congratulations. DAVID: Did you plant this? LINUS: Me?! I thought it was common knowledge about you a Elizabeth Tyson. You like her, don't you? DAVID: 1 like her a lot. LINUS: Well? DAVID: 1 like a lot of girls a lot. LINUS: You can say that again. 12 DAVID: What are you gonna do with that gun? Linus shoots several times into a barrel. DAVID: Put that thing away, Linus! LINUS: Look at that. The greatest plastic ever made. Not ascratch on it. Say, I wonder how this would stand up against a bazooka. Miss McCardle, ask General Stanton on Governors Island and ask if we can borrow a bazooka. McCARDLE: Yes, Mr. Larrabee. DAVID: To get back to my problem, if you don't mind. LINUS: Lend me your lighter. DAVID: Get this straight, Linus. I have no intention of marrying Elizabeth Tyson! Linus holds a lighter under the plastic shield. LINUS: Doesn't burn, doesn't scorch, doesn't melt. How ab that! DAVID: Look, Linus. I've been married before. I've had it I've had it three times. LINUS: Yeah, but this is the first time the family approv because for once you're gonna settle down and do somethin constructive. Taste it. DAVID: What's so constructive about marrying Elizabeth Ty LINUS: Taste it. DAVID: It's sweet. LINUS: That's right. It's made of sugar cane. DAVID: Sugar cane. Wait a minute. This wouldn't have anyt to do with the fact the Tysons own the largest holdings o sugar cane in Puerto Rico, would it?! LINUS: Second largest. The largest have no daughter. Linus slides the plastic shield back into the barrel. DAVID: It's all beginning to make sense. Mr. Tyson owns t 13
32) 0) text: ELIZABETH: We thought of pink roses for the cherubs and w gardenias for the names. It'll take about 2,000 gardenias We'll float the whole thing in our pool. LINUS: Indoor or outdoor? ELIZABETH: Outdoor, of course. We drained the water from indoor pool to make room for presents. MR. TYSON: Where's the provision determining the ratio of capital to controlling interest? LINUS: Page 62 paragraph six, uh, subdivision B. ELIZABETH: Father, where's the list? MR. TYSON: Here you are, darling. ELIZABETH: Would you like to see the invitation list? Oliver noisily stirs his drink. He tries to get the last out of the bottle. MR. TYSON: (reading) ... 16,749 under trust of Illinois. 550 ... Oliver walks over to Mr. Tyson and takes the paper clip f contract. MR. TYSON: Who are your lawyers, Linus? The way this merg 48
32) 2) dialog: 
32) 7) dialog: worked out, I have all the titles and you have all the controls. I always make it a point to have controls. Yeah, it's just your good luck the kids are so fond of each other. I always make it a point to be lucky, too. Come on, Father. Oh, Linus, you won't forget the gardenias now, will you? Uh-huh. Tony Lennox has the sweetest idea. He's going to fly over the chapel and throw rice at us from his plane. With David the bridegroom, maybe he'd better use wild rice. Mr. Tyson and Elizabeth leave the room.
37) 0) text: OLIVER: Why don't we start this meeting and sign the pape ELIZABETH: We're waiting for David, of course. MR. TYSON: Yes, we're waiting for David. 60 OLIVER: That boy has no sense of time. No sense of direc As a matter of fact, he has no sense. Where is he, Linus? LINUS: We'll get to that in a minute. McCARDLE: Here are the smelling salts, Mr. Larrabee. I go the largest size. ELIZABETH: Linus, look what I bought him for Waikiki Beac I hope they're loud enough. LINUS: I hope they're returnable. He watches as the Liberté departs from the harbor. LINUS: Well, gentlemen, I see no need for any further del Suppose we get down to business? ELIZABETH: But what about David? MR. TYSON: Yes, what about David? LINUS: That's a very good question. (to Miss McCardle) Not yet. (to group) Mr. Tyson, members of the board ... Are you with us, Father? OLIVER: Present. LINUS: As you know, gentlemen, we are here to put our sig to the Larrabee-Tyson merger. Much effort has gone into making this union possible. Long hours, many obstacles to overcome. Nobody knows better than I. However... (to Miss McCardle) Not yet. (to group) However, sometimes even the most conscientious of businessmen can botch up a deal for one reason or another. Now, understand I, I don't mean to say that our merger has hit a snag, or failed to jell, or gone up in smoke, o fallen through. Let me put it this way, gentlemen. It has sailed away. OLIVER: I seem to have missed something here. Would you m starting again? LINUS: Now, Miss McCardle. 61 Miss McCardle stands up and opens the bottle of smelling LINUS: Elizabeth, I hate to have to break the news, but a very moment, your fiancé, David Larrabee... DAVID: Is late, as usual. David walks into the office wearing Linus's hat. DAVID: Hello, everybody. Hello, darling. Hello, Linus. How are you? LINUS: What are you doing here? DAVID: I heard there was a board meeting going on. Where the contracts? Where do I sign? LINUS: Where's Sabrina? ELIZABETH: Sabrina? Who's Sabrina? OLIVER: That name! That name! DAVID: She's on the boat, I guess. LINUS: Yeah, but the boat has sailed. DAVID: And there she goes. MR. TYSON: Who goes? DAVID: Sabrina. ELIZABETH: Who is Sabrina? LINUS: Why did you do it? DAVID: Do what? LINUS: She's all alone out there. DAVID: Not according to the afternoon papers. David pulls out a newspaper from his jacket pocket. DAVID: It says here that "Linus Larrabee", that's you, is it? "And Sabrina Fairchild", that's she, isn't it? "Have quietly reserved adjacent deck chairs on the Libert sailing today. OLIVER: All columnists should be beaten to a pulp and con into paper. 62 LINUS: Did you plant this? DAVID: Me? I thought it was common knowledge about you an Sabrina. ELIZABETH: Who is Sabrina? DAVID: Our chauffeur's daughter, that's who she is. Now, about that, gentlemen? Linus Larrabee, wizard of finance, man of distinction, chairman of the board of Larrabee Industries, getting mixed up with his chauffeur's daughte LINUS: That's enough, David. DAVID: She went after me for a while, but she switched to I guess it's because he's got more money. Now we all know about those kind of girls. Believe me, gentlemen, this one is no different, just seems to be. LINUS: I said that's enough. DAVID: Maybe you got smart, Linus. Or maybe you just got because you're here and she's out there. Brother! She would have taken you for plenty. Linus punches David in the face. DAVID: I was just helping you make up your mind. You are love with her! What are you waiting for? David throws Linus his hat and umbrella. DAVID: There's an elevator outside, a police escort downs and a tugboat standing by at the Larrabee pier. Get movin LINUS: Well, if you'll excuse me, gentlemen, it appears I a previous engagement. OLIVER: That's the 20th century for you. Automobiles. Gar Chauffeurs. Chauffeurs' daughters! Linus rushes out of the office. OLIVER: In as much as I seem to be the only member of the 63 Larrabee family who is not out of his mind, I will take it upon myself to call this meeting back to order... as soon as David Larrabee removes his carcass from this table. DAVID: Sit down, Father. Oliver sits down and shatters the jar of olives in his ba OLIVER: The olives!