29) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack come out of a hut. They are dres in their white pajamas and rabbit slippers. They walk pas three-wheeled flat-bed truck as two men in white tunics approach carrying the body of the dead boy. It is strappe the bamboo stretcher and wrapped in white silk with strin of flowers all over it. The men place it on the back of t truck. Francis, Peter, and Jack pick up some stray flower off the ground and add them to the pile on the body. Francis, Peter, and Jack walk past a camel towing a cart filled with men in long white shirts and white pants. The help an old woman climb onto the back. They continue arou Miniature step-van with three boys in white loin-cloths standing on the rear bumper. Peter takes Francis' and Jac hands and holds them as they walk. They arrive at a green auto-rickshaw with a yellow vinyl top. They get inside. The driver puts the auto-rickshaw in gear, and the entire procession pulls away. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 51 72. cur TO: 51 A cross-street on the upper east side of Manhattan. Franc Peter, and Jack ride together in the back seat of a black limousine. They wear black suits with black shirts and bl neck-ties. Francis' face is perfectly intact. He has a pe thin moustache. Jack has no moustache. A thirty year-old woman in a black coat with a black dress sits opposite th in the jump-seat. She looks calm and concerned. She has freckles and an English accent. She is Alice. A plastic card tucked under the windshield on the dashboa reads Radio Car 1121 across the top and has Whitman Funer hand-written beneath. There is a long antenna with a wire coiled in a spiral around the base mounted on the hood an C.B.-type radio with a handset next to the steering wheel Francis, Peter, Jack, Alice, and the driver all smoke cigarettes. Each stares off in a different direction. Silence.
29) 4) dialog: I think you're all tied for how much grief you feel. Let's leave it at that. Pause. Jack says suddenly:
29) 6) dialog: She's going straight there from the airport. Peter leans forward and clasps Alice's hand. She squeezes back. Peter's legs jiggle restlessly. Alice gently places hands on his knees, calming him. He reaches up and flips switch on the ceiling. The sunroof begins to open. He say suddenly:
29) 8) dialog: (uneasy) We're already late.
29) 17) dialog: I think we should wait.
29) 20) dialog: (reassured) OK. Francis and Jack get out of the car. The limousine drives away. Peter knocks on the office door and rings the bell the shop. He sees something in the corner of the parking He strides over to a car with a canvas cover over it. He whips it off and throws it on the ground. The car is an orange Porsche 911 from the seventies. A buzzer buzzes and a mechanic in his fifties wearing cle overalls swings the office door open. Peter looks at him, holds up the estimate, and says immediately:
29) 57) dialog: They want to start.
29) 59) dialog: They can only wait ten minutes. There's another service after us.
29) 61) dialog: (pause) Hold the line. Francis looks out the window. Peter has connected cables the battery and is cranking the starter. He shouts and curses. Jack has completely unpacked the suitcase. He has shirt off and is holding up various shirts and pants agai himself and laying them out on the hood of the station wa Francis listens to Alice arguing with someone in the background on the other end of the line. She suddenly sna aggressively: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 79.
29) 62) dialog: No, you're not. You're going to start when they get here. Not one second before. Is that perfectly clear? Silence. Alice comes back on the line and says to Francis
29) 63) dialog: Try to be quick.
29) 66) dialog: Wait a second.
29) 68) dialog: (reluctantly) I spoke to your mother. She's not coming. She didn't get on the plane.
29) 70) dialog: I don't know. I'm sorry.
29) 72) dialog: Will you tell Peter and Jack? So they don't expect to see her.