2) 2) dialog: Hi. Sorry. I was just --
2) 6) dialog: Nice to meet you. Brendan picks up the three itineraries from the floor and hands one each to Francis, Peter, and Jack. Francis motio for Brendan to step outside.
2) 12) dialog: Pretty good.
2) 14) dialog: (hesitates) I never heard back.
2) 16) dialog: Well, I left a message. Brendan smiles innocently and shrugs. Francis frowns.
2) 19) dialog: 
2) 22) dialog: 
2) 27) dialog: 
2) 30) dialog: Not yet.
12) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack stand in the corridor outside a small compartment. There are two lap-top computers, a printer, a set of guidebooks, a map of Asia, a bulletin board, and a laminating machine inside. Brendan looks out them from the open doorway. He hands Francis a manila envelope. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
12) 3) dialog: (concerned) It's got a skull-and --
12) 6) dialog: (pleased) Yeah. She got the message.
12) 8) dialog: (puzzled) What? That's it.
12) 10) dialog: (defensively) Well, she knows you're coming.
12) 12) dialog: But she's your mother. Francis looks angry, wounded, and bewildered. He makes a dismissive gesture. He goes back into the corridor. He lo Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 30 38. at Peter and Jack desperately. They look uncertain but concerned. Francis suddenly unbuckles his belt, takes it and holds it out to Peter.
17) 0) text: A high plain with dying trees, scrub, and rocks. There is nothing in sight. Francis, Peter, and Jack come out of th train in their pajamas. Peter and Jack have on rabbit slippers. Francis wears a rabbit slipper on one foot and loafer on the other. Peter ties knots in one of the handkerchiefs and wears it on his head. A few other passengers and train staff members lean out the windows o stand around curiously. Three maintenance engineers in gr jumpsuits tinker at the engine hatch with wrenches and a crowbar. A barefoot boy in khaki pants and a T-shirt stan on a cement post chewing on a hunk of sugar cane. Two waiters and a porter in a red turban sit crouched on ground around a large map with rocks holding down its corners. They talk quickly in Hindi. Brendan looks over t shoulders. Francis, Peter, and Jack approach them.
17) 2) dialog: I don't know. I guess the train's lost.
17) 6) dialog: Apparently, we took a wrong turn at some point last night. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 45.
17) 9) dialog: (shrugs) Nobody knows. We haven't located us yet.
17) 11) dialog: (hesitates) What?
17) 13) dialog: (simply) We haven't located us yet.
17) 16) dialog: In the envelope I gave you this morning. Francis points to a power-line tower in the distance and to Peter and Jack:
21) 1) dialog: The next train's in twenty-four hours. I'll find us a hotel. This came in. Brendan hands Francis a bright yellow envelope.
21) 2) dialog: Why are your eyes all red? Francis frowns. He snaps bitterly:
21) 4) dialog: Because I have alopecia. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 57.
21) 6) dialog: Not really. Peter shakes his head in disgust. Francis points at Jack says to Brendan: