0) 10) dialog: Hello, Peter. Peter looks startled at the condition of Francis’ face. Francis smiles and laughs. He comes into the compartment, shuts the door behind him, and sits down. He hands one of whiskey highballs to Jack and one to Peter. They all laug Francis lights a cigarette. They drink their drinks quick There is a knock on the door. Francis slides it open. A thirty-year-old man with a beard stands in the corridor with a hole-puncher in his hand. He wears a green silk tu and a Nehru jacket with Chief Steward embroidered onto it
0) 17) dialog: I'll have one.
0) 19) dialog: Let’s go get a drink and smoke a cigarette. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 20) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack walk quickly through the train, balancing against the walls and windows as the cars jolt and forth. Francis limps and swings his cane. They light cigarettes.
0) 21) dialog: I want to start by thanking you both for being here. Thank you.
0) 24) dialog: You’re the two most important people in the world to me. I’ve never said that before, but it’s true, and I want you both to know it. Francis opens a sliding door and stops in-between two car The sound of the wind and clacking wheels is extremely lo He yells over the noise:
0) 25) dialog: I love you, Peter!
0) 27) dialog: I love you, Jack!
0) 29) dialog: How'd it get to this? Why haven't we spoken in a year? Let's make an agreement.
0) 33) dialog: A.) I want us to become brothers again like we used to be, and for us to find ourselves and bond with each other. Can we agree to that?
0) 37) dialog: B.) I want us to make this trip a spiritual journey, and for us to seek the unknown and learn about it. Can we agree to that?
0) 40) dialog: c.) I want us to be completely open and say yes to everything -- even if it's shocking and painful. Can we agree to that? Peter and Jack hesitate. Francis continues:
0) 41) dialog: I had Brendan make us an itinerary. Francis takes a small manila envelope out of his pocket a unties a string to open it. He hands Peter and Jack each small, laminated piece of paper.
0) 46) dialog: I had him bring a printer and a laminating machine.
0) 48) dialog: (slightly defensive) In a way, it, actually, doesn’t matter. He's in a different compartment on another part of the train, but we never see him -- ever. Peter and Jack look around the corridor, confused. Jack starts to ask something, but Francis interrupts:
0) 49) dialog: So that’s more or less it. Does it sound OK to you?
0) 52) dialog: Do you have any questions? Peter lifts up his glasses and looks out from under them. says brightly:
0) 54) dialog: OK. Go ahead.
0) 56) text: Clouds, stars, and a moon are painted on the ceiling. The room is filled with people seated for dinner. Waiters in green, silk uniforms rush around taking orders. Francis, Peter, and Jack drink whiskey highballs. They share a tab with a grey-haired man dressed in a white tunic reading a Hindi newspaper. There is a bowl of nuts in front of them Peter listens with his glasses lifted up.
0) 57) dialog: I only remember certain details, but from what I've been able to reconstruct, it was raining, and I was going about fifty miles an hour when I went into a corner, did some wrong steering, and suddenly -- (snaps his fingers) -- skidded off the road, slammed into a ditch, and catapulted fifty feet through the air. Little bits of glass and particles were stinging me as I flew. For a second, there was just silence. Then the bike crashed to the ground, exploded, and caught on fire, and I smashed into the side of the hill with my face. I was going home. I live alone right now. Anyway, two joggers ran over and dug out all the dirt that was jammed inside my mouth and my nose and my ears (my heart had stopped, and my brain had stopped, so I was technically dead, at this point), and they did all the procedures exactly right, as a result of which I’m still alive. Peter and Jack look deeply impressed. Francis stands up. His voice cracks slightly as he says: Francis hugs Peter tightly. He hugs Jack tightly. He sits
0) 60) dialog: The first thing I thought of after I woke up was: I wish Peter and Jack were here. back down. He takes a deep breath. He says quietly to Pet Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 63) dialog: (to Jack) Have you?
0) 65) dialog: Me, neither. A girl's voice snaps sharply in Hindi at the other end of dining car. Jack turns to look. The stewardess stands amo the waiters and the chief steward with two empty champagn bottles and a bucket of half-melted ice under her arm. Sh argues with the chief steward at a whisper in Hindi. Peter squints, mutters, and rubs his temples. He takes th strip-pack out of his yellow plastic sack again. He pops another pill and swallows it.
0) 68) dialog: What's that?
0) 71) dialog: The strongest Indian pain killer you can get. It's for my face. Peter takes Francis' vial and studies it. He unscrews the again. Francis says warily:
0) 72) dialog: Be careful with that. Just take one drop. Peter and Jack drop drops of amber liquid under their ton with the pipette. Francis and Jack each swallow one of Peter's pills. Peter and Francis drink sips of Jack's cou medicine. The gray-haired man observes curiously over the of his newspaper. Two German women at the next table star frowning. Francis reaches into his mouth and digs between two teeth takes out something small and white and sets it on the ed of a plate. It is a false tooth. Peter and Jack look repu and confused. Francis reaches toward the bowl of nuts but hesitates.
0) 73) dialog: I also lost a tooth. Jack picks up the false tooth off the edge of the plate. examines it. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a t folded-up sheaf of pages. He says to Francis and Peter:
0) 75) dialog: (reluctantly) How long is it?
0) 79) dialog: Can you back away a little? You just spit in my eye. Peter looks offended. The German women start arguing loud Peter looks at them and frowns. He squints, mutters, and his temples. He resumes reading the short story. Francis to Jack:
0) 80) dialog: When was the last time you were in America, by the way?
0) 82) dialog: In other words, a year. Jack shrugs. Francis shakes his head.
0) 83) dialog: I have to tell you, I support this relationship not working out. Jack nods. Peter laughs suddenly without looking up from short story. Jack looks pleased.
0) 87) dialog: Let's see. Do we want meat or fish? I'm going to have the chicken. Jack, you want to try the fish? I bet that's delicious. And Peter? The lamb? A chicken, a fish, and a lamb? How does that sound? Silence. Francis continues:
0) 88) dialog: Who wants a soup? Raise your hand. Francis raises his hand. Peter and Jack reluctantly raise their hands, too. Francis looks at Peter curiously.
0) 89) dialog: Your glasses are crooked. Peter adjusts his sunglasses slightly. They are still crooked. Francis frowns. He points at Peter's face.
0) 90) dialog: Are those Dad's?
0) 92) dialog: You've still got his prescription in here. How can you see in these? Francis returns the sunglasses to Peter and says to the waiter:
0) 93) dialog: Three soups. The grey-haired man looks up from his newspaper and order Hindi. The waiter goes away. Peter says calmly:
0) 95) dialog: (hesitates) What?
0) 97) dialog: How's Alice? Peter stops reading but does not look up. He says softly:
0) 99) dialog: Oh, yeah. Thanks! Jack sees the stewardess come out of the kitchen carrying broom and a dustpan. She starts sweeping up some broken crackers off the floor. She sees Jack looking at her. She hesitates. Her lips part. Jack's eyes sharpen, and he sit straight. He says to himself:
0) 104) dialog: Did I raise us? Kind of. Peter and Jack stare at Francis, surprised. They shrug an nod slightly, vaguely positive. Francis nods. The chief steward walks by carrying a tray of empty glasses.
0) 105) dialog: Hang on. I'm just going to ask this guy if he can get me a power adaptor. Francis stands up and walks quickly after the chief stewa Peter squints, mutters, and rubs his temples.
0) 114) dialog: Brendan got the wrong voltage. The waiter arrives with four bowls of soup on a tray. Fra says significantly: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 10 15.
0) 115) dialog: Please, forgive this. Francis reaches into his mouth, takes out his false tooth and sets it on the edge of his plate.
0) 123) dialog: Let's see. Do we want sweets or fruit? I'm going to have the pudding. Jack, you want to try the cake? And Peter? What looks good to you? The cookies? Peter does not respond. Francis points to Peter and says the waiter: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 11 12 16.
0) 124) dialog: He's going to order for himself.
0) 127) dialog: Has he been rooting around and taking things?
0) 129) dialog: Well, I probably am, too, but there's something kind of unethical about it, isn't there? Legally, those glasses belong to all three of us.
2) 0) text: The bunks have been prepared with white sheets and blanke with The Darjeeling Limited embroidered onto them. The do is open to the adjoining compartment. Francis, Peter, and Jack are dressed in white pajamas. Jack has on a yellow bathrobe with Hotel Chevalier stitched into the lapel. Th transistor radio plays the evening news in Hindi on the windowsill. Francis takes out one of his vials of amber liquid and dr three drops into each of their whiskey highballs. He poin at the bottom bunk and says: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 17.
2) 1) dialog: I'm going to take this bed, since I'm the oldest, and my ankle's fractured. Peter, you don't mind climbing a ladder, as I recall, so why don't you set up shop topside -- and Jack, you're kind of a lone wolf. You can bunk out next door. How does that sound? There is a shuffling sound outside the room. Three lamina itinerary cards slide awkwardly under the compartment doo Jack slides it open. A twenty-five-year-old man with a completely bald head is crouched in the corridor. He wears blue top-siders, a bei cap, beige golf pants, and a matching beige polo shirt wi Francis Whitman Industries and a corporate logo stitched the breast pocket. He carries a small note-book and a pen looks up, startled.
2) 3) dialog: Brendan, this is Jack, and this is Peter. Brendan stands up and shakes hands with Jack and Peter.
2) 7) dialog: Let's update me. Francis goes with Brendan into the corridor. Francis shut the door behind them. Jack says to Peter:
2) 11) dialog: How's everything going back there?
2) 13) dialog: What does that mean?
2) 15) dialog: (annoyed) So try again. What are you waiting for?
2) 17) dialog: Why are you smiling? Brendan stops smiling.
2) 18) dialog: Call her again right now and keep calling every ten minutes until you get through.
2) 21) dialog: This is urgent. We're almost there.
2) 24) dialog: And, once again, so we're explicitly clear: don't mention this or discuss it (MORE )
2) 26) dialog: with anyone. In other words, it's a surprise.
2) 29) dialog: Did you find me a power adaptor?
2) 41) dialog: We should order some more of these. I’1ll tell Brendan.
2) 44) dialog: He has this disease where his head is shaved -- except he doesn't have to shave it because he can't grow any hair in the first place. Don't talk about it around him, though. It might offend him. Jack lights a cigarette and opens the window.
2) 47) dialog: Are those Dad's keys?
2) 49) dialog: (edgy) You've got his car keys, too.
4) 0) text: Francis and Peter take swigs of cough medicine. Peter say suddenly: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 20 23.
4) 2) dialog: (frowns ) What are you talking about?
4) 4) dialog: (agitated) Brendan's got all the tickets. There's a whole itinerary. Where's he going? Peter shrugs. Francis stands up and crosses quickly into adjoining compartment. Peter listens while Francis roots around, clicking latches and unzipping zippers. Francis s loudly:
4) 5) dialog: Air-Italiano? Francis comes back into the room holding an airplane tick He says in disbelief:
4) 6) dialog: What the fuck is this? Francis turns around and goes into the adjoining compartm again. Peter peers in behind him. Francis comes back into room with a passport in his hand.
4) 7) dialog: I'm keeping his passport. In fact, give me yours, too. I'm going to hold onto all the passports, so nothing happens.
4) 9) dialog: (firmly) No, I want to keep them all together.
6) 0) text: Francis lies in the bottom bunk, and Peter is in the top bunk. The door slides open, and Jack comes in.
6) 2) dialog: Where's the savory snacks?
6) 4) dialog: (long pause) Did you just fuck that Indian girl? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 22 25.
6) 6) dialog: Sweet Lime.
7) 1) dialog: Who's he talking to?
7) 3) dialog: (hurt) What? When did he confide that to you?
7) 5) dialog: Why am I not a part of this? Peter shrugs. Jack hangs up the telephone and pays the attendant. He walks across the platform to the train. Fra whispers:
7) 6) dialog: I never liked that girl.
7) 9) dialog: Let's make another agreement: on the spiritual journey, it's crucial that we don't splinter into factions or not include somebody who has advice and might know better. Can we agree to that?
7) 12) dialog: What'd you find out?
7) 14) dialog: Good. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 27.
7) 16) dialog: Is that her?
7) 18) dialog: How'd she gain access to your personal belongings?
7) 22) dialog: Wait a second. Let's make another agreement: from now on, if you want to talk to her -- or check her messages -—- you talk to us, first. Anytime, day or night. Can we agree to that? Jack nods. Francis points at the bottle of perfume.
7) 23) dialog: I think we should destroy that. Jack looks at the bottle of perfume. He sets it on its si on the fold-out table, picks up the transistor radio, and slams it down, obliterating the bottle and smashing part the radio. Bits of glass, plastic, and liquid scatter everywhere. Francis and Peter look taken aback. Jack test the radio. Indian music plays.
7) 25) dialog: (pause) Let’s look at the itinerary. Francis turns on the reading light. He, Peter, and Jack examine their itineraries.
7) 26) dialog: Here we go: the train stops first thing tomorrow morning for an hour and forty- five minutes, which is just enough time for a quick visit to the Temple of 1000 Bulls -- Francis looks at his brothers with building excitement. H says quietly:
7) 27) dialog: -- probably one of the most spiritual locations in the entire world.
8) 0) text: A stone shrine with gold and marble charging bulls carved into its walls, doors, and columns. Hundreds of people ar packed into the square in front of it, and a throng of me moves toward the building carrying huge, brightly painted wood and papier-maché idols. Music comes from every direction. Francis walks over to a cart that sells flashlights, headphones, and batteries. He asks a vendor:
8) 1) dialog: Do you have any power adaptors?
8) 9) dialog: This is incredible! Peter and Jack nod. They look bewildered and amazed. Fran takes Peter and Jack to get holy water and press it into their hair. He gives them each a handful of bills.
8) 10) dialog: Take some of these rupees and put them in the thing in front of this deity here. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 30. Francis motions to a statue of a seated god with blue ski and four arms. He sits on the floor with Peter and Jack. put some money into a slot and place their flowers on a s with piles of other flowers, candles, and bananas. They w a group of women and children sitting around them, who to the base of the statue and then their foreheads and chest while praying silently with their lips moving and their p pressed together. Francis, Peter, and Jack imitate them f minute. Francis frowns. He points to a belt wrapped around Peter' waist. It has small cowboys, horses, and Apaches in war-p all over it and the initials F.Cc.W. stencilled onto the buckle.
8) 11) dialog: That's my belt.
8) 13) dialog: Not right now. I was looking for it. Peter sighs. He takes off the belt and hands it to Franci Francis puts it on. He says gently:
8) 14) dialog: Ask first next time. Peter nods. A deafening bell gongs in the temple, reverberating like a thunderclap. The sound slowly dies d Jack pats his breast pocket suddenly.
8) 17) dialog: Don't worry. It's not stolen. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
8) 19) dialog: No, it's not. I've got it.
8) 22) dialog: Where you going?
8) 24) dialog: I hear you're leaving early.
8) 26) dialog: I thought we made an agreement.
8) 28) dialog: Well, I just think we might have a chance for this to be kind of a life-changing experience, and I think we need it. In other words -- (sincerely) -- I don't want you to leave.
8) 30) dialog: (hesitates) Who? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 25 26 32.
8) 32) dialog: Rubby?
8) 34) dialog: Why doesn't he want me to know?
9) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack descend the temple steps. Teenag boys behind them walk in pairs, holding hands. Francis sa enthusiastically:
9) 1) dialog: Wow! Right? Peter and Jack respond without excitement:
9) 4) dialog: Let's get a shoe-shine. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33. Francis sits in the chair. He puts one of his feet on the box, and the little boy starts polishing his shoe with a The shoe is a loafer with an outer space motif of small stars, moons, and planets on it and the initials F.C.W. stencilled across the top. Peter and Jack sit on the curb They watch as the shoe-shine boy works. He suddenly pulls Francis’ shoe and darts away. Francis sits motionless, stunned. He shouts:
9) 5) dialog: Get him!
9) 8) dialog: Come back here! Jack points at the wooden box, a can of shoe polish, and rag.
9) 10) dialog: Well, he can buy this whole building -- Francis jerks his thumb at a partially demolished storefr where three men sit on the ground weaving baskets.
9) 11) dialog: -- now. Those are $3000 loafers.
9) 13) dialog: We’'re in an emergency here! I got my face smashed-in, Jack's heart's been ripped to shreds, and Rubby's having a child! Let's get into it! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 34. Peter looks to Jack and says in disbelief:
9) 15) dialog: It's OK. That's what we're here for. To start trusting each other. I don't get it, by the way. Why aren't we celebrating?
9) 17) dialog: Why not? Peter looks away. He squints, mutters, and rubs his templ He says finally, throwing his hands into the air:
9) 19) dialog: (gently) Well, you're never going to do better than Alice, and what's the point in getting married if --
9) 22) dialog: Come here. Francis takes Peter’s and Jack’s hands and holds them.
9) 23) dialog: I was going to save this for later in the itinerary, but I think it’s time. There’s (MORE )
9) 25) dialog: a ceremony I want us to do where you each take one of these peacock feathers -- (searching his pockets) -- and go off into the wilderness and meditate for -- (suddenly realizing) I gave them to Brendan. Anyway, we'll do it after the next stop.
9) 27) dialog: I love it here. These people are beautiful.
10) 0) text: A green, three-wheeled taxi with a yellow vinyl roof. Francis, Peter, and Jack ride three abreast in the back. driver has a long moustache with curving, twisted ends. T drive weaving through a chaotic spice market. Francis is Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 28 29 36. reading Jack's short story. Peter carefully lifts the top flap of the cardboard box and stares inside. A young man bicycle pedals alongside them. He smiles, puts out his ha and shouts cheerily without slowing down:
10) 2) dialog: It's great.
10) 4) dialog: It's so well-written. You remember it all so clearly. Peter getting all frantic about trying to get the car started -- and you with the suitcase.
10) 6) dialog: Well, anyway, I think it's the best thing you've ever written.
11) 0) text: Francis runs limping and hobbling on his cane with Peter Jack helping him behind the moving train trying to catch as it pulls out of the station. They jump onto the rear d one by one.
12) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack stand in the corridor outside a small compartment. There are two lap-top computers, a printer, a set of guidebooks, a map of Asia, a bulletin board, and a laminating machine inside. Brendan looks out them from the open doorway. He hands Francis a manila envelope. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
12) 2) dialog: We bought a snake.
12) 4) dialog: Let's update me. 37. Francis goes with Brendan into the compartment and pulls door partly shut. He whispers:
12) 5) dialog: Anything?
12) 7) dialog: (pause) And?
12) 9) dialog: That's it? She got the message? You're satisfied with that?
12) 11) dialog: (pained) Does she want to see us? Brendan looks confused. He swallows. He says quietly:
12) 13) dialog: Happy birthday. From last year. Peter takes the belt and immediately starts putting it on over his suit jacket.
12) 15) dialog: It's got one wrong initial, but you can paint over it. It's from me and Jack. Jack looks at the belt and nods.
13) 0) text: The blinds are shut, and the sun comes in at the edges of windows. Peter lies in the top bunk under the sheets with sleeping mask on. The cardboard box with the skull-and- crossbones on it is beside him. Francis reclines in the l bunk, and Jack is in the adjoining room. They both lie on of their covers, fully dressed but asleep. Jack has a tow over his face. Numerous drug strip-packs, bottles, and vi cover the vanity. Empty highball glasses and cigarette bu litter the room. There is a knock on the door. Francis op his eyes. He frowns and shouts:
13) 1) dialog: Yeah? Rita's voice says through the compartment door:
13) 3) dialog: (hesitates) OK. Rita slides the door open and comes into the compartment carrying a tea-tray with cups, saucers, and a pot of tea. There is a cart in the corridor. She shuts the door. She studies the room briefly. She sets the tray on the fold-o table and pours three cups. Francis sits up on the edge o his bunk. Peter pulls one edge of his sleeping mask up an looks down at Rita curiously. Jack comes into the room groggily and stands leaning in the adjoining doorway. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 39. Rita picks up a pack of cigarettes off the floor. She tak one out and lights it. She cracks open the window and sit down in a chair next to the fold-out table. She taps her ashes into Peter's flower pot with the candle in it. Fran Peter, and Jack stare at Rita as she smokes. Her mascara smeared. She says quietly:
13) 5) dialog: What's her name again?
13) 9) dialog: (confused) No, he didn't. How? Francis, Peter, and Jack stare into the box. A piece of lettuce is inside, but the snake is gone. A flap on the s is loose. Francis and Jack look at each other, alarmed. Francis motions quickly for Peter to remain still. He whispers to Jack:
13) 10) dialog: Peel back the sheet. Jack nods. He slowly peels the sheet off Peter's body. Th is nothing there. Peter breathes heavily. Francis says calmly: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 31 40.
13) 11) dialog: We're good so far, Peter. Keep going, Jack. Jack whips the sheet away. Peter screams. He bolts out of bunk and leaps down, crashing onto the floor. Francis and Jack are knocked aside. They slam into the walls, banging over glasses, bottles, and suitcases. Peter kicks his leg shaking them in the air, and rubs his hands rapidly acros himself, searching. He stops. He looks up and down. He lo to Francis and Jack. He is dressed only in pink boxer sho
14) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack cower halfway down the car. Pete shouts furiously:
14) 2) dialog: I think a snake might've gotten onboard. The chief steward walks past the compartment. Rita starts peer into the room. Jack pulls her back by the elbow.
14) 4) dialog: You got him! The chief steward goes over to Rita, drops the snake into ice bucket, and clamps the lid over it. He says something briskly in Hindi, and Rita walks out of the car. He looks Francis, Peter, and Jack.
15) 0) text: The chief steward moves slowly through the room, observin the clothes, personal articles, airline bottles of liquor and dirty ashtrays strewn everywhere. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch, uneasy. The chief steward says gravely:
15) 2) dialog: Please, don't do that. We're very sorry. It won't happen again.
15) 7) dialog: (hesitates) A prescription. I almost died. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 42. Silence. Francis looks to Peter and Jack.
15) 8) dialog: Give me a second. Francis motions for Peter and Jack to step out of the roo He shuts the adjoining door. He stares at the chief stewa He takes a stack of money out of his pocket and holds it The chief grabs the bills and jams them into Francis' bre pocket.
15) 10) dialog: (wearily) We didn't know that. It was an accident. We're just trying to experience something. The chief steward whips open the compartment door. Peter Jack stand listening in front of it. Francis says earnest
15) 11) dialog: It's important to us. Peter and Jack look concerned and vaguely menacing. A wal talkie on the chief steward's belt makes a static sound, a voice comes over it talking in scratchy Hindi. The chie steward frowns. He presses a button on the walkie-talkie responds rapidly in Hindi. He looks at Francis, Peter, an Jack. They deflate. The chief steward softens slightly. H sighs.
16) 0) text: A vast, white, marble room with an elaborate gold altar a the front. A large number of people sit on the floor chan and praying. The men have beards and wear turbans, and th women wear long scarves draped over their heads. Two old type at an outdated computer with a dot-matrix printer. People circled around them sing a changing verse in Punja over and over. Francis, Peter, and Jack sit near the back of the crowd. wears a different brightly-colored silk handkerchief knot awkwardly around his head. Francis' eyes are closed and h hands are folded. He leans forward and presses his face t the floor. Peter bounces and hums with the music, singing along vaguely to himself. Jack looks up at a series of im tacked onto the wall. They depict men being scalped, beheaded, and boiled in oil. Jack looks intrigued. Franci opens his eyes and looks up to Peter and Jack. He frowns.
16) 1) dialog: Are you guys not going to try to pray? Peter and Jack lean forward and press their faces to the floor. They pray silently. Jack whispers:
16) 4) dialog: It's got to. cur TO: 32A Dusk. The rear deck of the caboose. Francis, Peter, and J smoke cigarettes. cur TO: 32B Night. The dining car. Francis, Peter, and Jack sit at th bar drinking whiskey highballs.
16) 6) dialog: Do you trust me? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33
17) 0) text: A high plain with dying trees, scrub, and rocks. There is nothing in sight. Francis, Peter, and Jack come out of th train in their pajamas. Peter and Jack have on rabbit slippers. Francis wears a rabbit slipper on one foot and loafer on the other. Peter ties knots in one of the handkerchiefs and wears it on his head. A few other passengers and train staff members lean out the windows o stand around curiously. Three maintenance engineers in gr jumpsuits tinker at the engine hatch with wrenches and a crowbar. A barefoot boy in khaki pants and a T-shirt stan on a cement post chewing on a hunk of sugar cane. Two waiters and a porter in a red turban sit crouched on ground around a large map with rocks holding down its corners. They talk quickly in Hindi. Brendan looks over t shoulders. Francis, Peter, and Jack approach them.
17) 1) dialog: What's going on, Brendan? Brendan shakes his head. He seems confused and worried.
17) 7) dialog: That's crazy.
17) 10) dialog: (immediately) Say that again.
17) 12) dialog: Repeat what you just said.
17) 14) dialog: (loudly) Ho! Ha! Is that symbolic? Brendan looks confused. Francis turns to Peter and Jack a says energetically:
17) 15) dialog: We. Haven't located. Us. Yet! (to Brendan) Where's those feathers at?
17) 17) dialog: Meet me on top of that thing out there.
17) 19) dialog: The guru told me when the moon turns -- Francis hesitates. He looks frozen. He says suddenly:
17) 20) dialog: Do you trust me? Peter and Jack hesitate. Francis says gravely:
17) 21) dialog: I hired a private detective to track down Mom. She's living at a convent in the foothills of the Himalayas. We'll be there in six days. Jack looks astonished. Peter stares into space blankly. Francis takes three peacock feathers out of the envelope. gives one to Peter and one to Jack. Jack says finally:
17) 23) dialog: I guess she became a nun, apparently. You know what she's like.
17) 26) dialog: No, I didn't.
17) 28) dialog: I think so.
17) 30) dialog: I'm sure she doesn't -- but maybe she does. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 47.
17) 32) dialog: Because I'm trying to protect you from all the painful emotions this is probably going to stir up.
17) 34) dialog: (solemnly) Yeah. I'm scared, too. She's obviously suffered some kind of mental collapse, and we got to go get her and bring her back home. Actually, it's in the itinerary, but I put it down as TBD.
17) 36) dialog: It's possible. She might resist -- but I learned some suppression techniques for how to handle that safely. Jack looks surprised. He starts laughing quietly. Peter starts laughing bitterly. Francis smiles.
17) 37) dialog: Why are you laughing?
17) 41) dialog: Are you going to drink that whole bottle of cough medicine? That's a dumb way to get loaded.
18) 0) text: The train is moving again. Francis, Peter, and Jack are dressed. They eat grilled cheese sandwiches. Francis says Peter and Jack:
18) 1) dialog: Let's look at the itinerary.
18) 3) dialog: I think I need to get that belt back, after all, because it cost $6000 and was made special for me. We'll get you a different present.
18) 5) dialog: (frowns ) What does that mean?
20) 0) text: Peter shaves at the vanity with his shirt off. He uses an old, silver razor. Francis lies on the bottom bunk smokin cigarette. Jack sits next to the window drinking a whiske highball. Francis frowns and says to Peter suddenly:
20) 1) dialog: Is that Dad's razor? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 53.
20) 3) dialog: Can I say something?
20) 5) dialog: You don't have permission to take his property that belongs to all of us and use it for yourself as if it's yours. Jack agrees with that. Right, Jack? Francis looks to Jack for support. Jack takes a sip of hi drink and stares into space blankly. Francis continues:
20) 6) dialog: Plus, Dad would've hated it.
20) 8) dialog: (shrugs) That's my opinion. I knew him well. Silence. Peter says quietly:
20) 10) dialog: Well, I don't mean it to be. I just don't want you to feel like you're better friends with him than we are or something weird like that. Also, you can't leave your wife just because she's pregnant. Jack agrees with that, too. Right --
20) 13) dialog: How's that supposed to make us feel?
20) 15) dialog: You know what? You're a drug addict -- all of us! Peter says loudly from the adjoining room:
20) 17) dialog: What?
20) 19) dialog: My shoulder! Peter looks alarmed and eases his hold on Francis. Franci elbows Peter brutally in the jaw. Jack shouts:
20) 21) dialog: You don't love me!
21) 0) text: The train is stopped at a deserted station. The doors to ticket office are closed and padlocked. Francis, Peter, a Jack stand on the platform next to their luggage in a lar pile. Their suitcases are partly unlatched, and bits of clothes stick out of them. A laundry bag has been hastily filled with shoes, books, toiletries, etc. Francis and Pe have brightly bloodshot eyes which they blink and squint, rubbing them continuously. Tears continue to stream down their faces. They wheeze. Francis' false tooth is now missing. (NOTE: it is never replaced.) Two porters in red turbans come out of the train and stac the printer and laminating machine with the luggage. Bren comes out after them wearing a bathrobe and carrying two duffel bags. He looks confused.
21) 3) dialog: Why is your head so bald? Brendan recoils. He says quietly, disappointed:
21) 5) dialog: (hesitates) Yeah, I know. That's like albino, right?
21) 7) dialog: Jack maced us. Brendan nods. He stares at Francis for a long minute. He reaches into his pocket, takes out a small, plastic, electrical adapter with three large, brass prongs, and ha it to Francis. He turns away and gets back on the train w his duffel bags. Francis stares down at the adapter in hi hand. He says, worried:
21) 8) dialog: Was I just mean to Brendan?
21) 10) dialog: (sadly) He did, didn't he? The chief steward appears in the open doorway and looks o from the train. His eyes are cold. Francis yells desperat
21) 11) dialog: Can we at least get our snake back?
21) 17) dialog: Fuck. Jack walks alongside the train to the next coach. Rita si looking out the window with her arms draped over the windowsill. She has tears all over her face.
21) 26) dialog: So long, Sweet Lime! The train begins to pick up speed. Peter picks up a rock throws it at one of the cars. Francis and Jack pick up mo rocks and pelt the train repeatedly. Frightened passenger watch from their windows. The train pulls away, out of th station. Francis, Peter, and Jack see the old man from th train standing at the other end of the platform. A red ca pulls up to the station and honks its horn. Francis, Pete and Jack hesitate. The old man quickly gets into the car. says something to the driver in Hindi. He looks briefly a Francis, Peter, and Jack and pulls away, spitting gravel. Francis, Peter, and Jack stand alone on the platform. Crickets chirp. Francis opens the yellow envelope and tak out a piece of paper and unfolds it. Peter and Jack look it over his shoulder. It is a typewritten letter. Francis reads out loud:
21) 27) dialog: Dear boys -- The platform lights automatically switch off with a clack Silence.
21) 35) dialog: That sounds like bullshit to me.
21) 38) dialog: She's trying to sell us a vacuum cleaner.
22) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack sit on their suitcases around a small fire made from sticks and garbage. Jack looks insid the paper sack. He takes out a foil packet of cocktail nu and crackers labelled Savory Snack and a bottle of airlin gin and hands them to Francis. He takes out a foil packet chocolates and caramels labelled Sweet Snack and a bottle airline vodka and hands them to Peter. He opens a bottle airline Grand Marnier and downs it in one sip. Silence.
22) 1) dialog: Let's get high. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 61. Peter and Jack nod. Francis takes out one of his vials of amber liquid. They each drop three drops under their tong with the pipette. Peter says suddenly with his voice chok up:
22) 3) dialog: Me, too.
22) 5) dialog: It doesn't matter. It's already demolished. Let's go home. Peter nods. Francis continues sadly:
22) 6) dialog: She doesn't want to see us, anyway.
22) 9) dialog: She's been disappearing all our lives. We weren't raised to be treated like that. It's just not done.
22) 11) dialog: Did you read the instructions? Peter and Jack nod distractedly. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 62.
22) 12) dialog: OK. Let's do it. Francis, Peter, and Jack each walk away in a different direction, into the darkness, counting fifty paces out lo They stop in the distance. Francis digs in the ground and chants to himself. Peter spins around in a circle three t and kneels down on one knee. Jack throws his feather into air, releasing it with the wind. They clench their fists shout. Francis, Peter, and Jack reconvene around the fire. Jack strangely:
22) 14) dialog: (puzzled) What do you mean?
22) 16) dialog: (appalled) That's not right. It's not supposed to get blown away. You blow on it -- Francis pantomimes blowing on a feather.
22) 17) dialog: -- then bury it.
22) 19) dialog: You guys didn't do it right. I asked if you read the instructions. You did it wrong. Francis covers his hands over his eyes and shakes his hea He tries to contain himself. He stammers:
22) 20) dialog: I tried my hardest. I don't know what else to do. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 63. Francis lifts his hands off his eyes. Peter and Jack look him desolately. They sit back down around the fire. Peter takes off his sunglasses and looks at them. He says quiet
22) 22) dialog: (distantly) Well, I'm sure he would've been flattered, anyway -- whether he thought it was in good taste or not.
22) 27) dialog: (brightening desperately) Let's make another agreement: we'll all come back in the spring when the flowers start to --
22) 31) dialog: It'd probably be annoying.
23) 0) text: Daybreak. Francis, Peter, and Jack walk together lugging their baggage along the banks of a fast-rushing river. Francis hits a bump with his trolley. A string snaps, and printer and laminating machine tip off the top of it and smash down onto the ground. Francis, Peter, and Jack paus They look down at the damaged printer and broken laminati machine. They look at each other. The start walking again Francis points:
23) 1) dialog: Look. In the middle of the river, there is a flimsy raft mounte four oil drums with ropes looped under it reaching to the banks. Three boys ride on it. One is ten, one is eight, a one is six. They wear white cloths around their waists an carry large baskets of vegetables. One has a white scarf around his shoulders. They pull the raft across the river through the swift current, on a rope cable stretched in t air over the water. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch them. Jack's says calmly:
23) 5) dialog: Grab the little one! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 42 65. Jack scoots along the edge of the raft to the smallest of boys. He grabs the boy's arm and loops it around his neck yells:
23) 7) dialog: Peter! Jack yells from the shallow water, rushing back toward th raft. The youngest boy crouches on the shore behind him, shivering.
23) 18) dialog: Why are you still under there? Peter yells something undecipherable from beneath the raf The rope slackens with a jolt. Jack turns quickly. The po that the cable is attached to bends slowly. Jack watches, frozen. He says to himself curiously:
23) 20) dialog: Hang on! Francis and Jack grip the broken cable as they are swept downstream until the rope jerks taut. They whirl into a tangle of reeds and branches at the shore with the oldest boy. They watch the raft careening into the distance. Pet surfaces for an instant, gasping and swimming desperately try to stop the raft. He goes under again. The raft bumps the rapids and disappears suddenly over a bank of rocks. Francis and Jack race up to the dirt road and bolt down t river after Peter. They look freaked out. Francis grimace and hops a step on his bad leg. The other boys run after them. Jack sprints ahead, hurtling and sliding in the bru They run one full minute without a word. Jack snaps from bramble and shouts:
23) 27) dialog: Peter! You're OK!
24) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack walk across the scrub, past bony grazing cows, with the two surviving boys. They are drenc and Peter is bloody. He carries the dead boy on his shoul A group of old women holding baskets of grain stop and st An small man with a wheelbarrow begins to walk alongside them, curious and concerned. Children gather, chattering nervously. Francis, Peter, and Jack reach the edge of a village. The are thatched huts and clay brick houses. Agitated people out to meet them, yelling in Hindi. More voices shout in distance. Dogs circle. A large man with a thick moustache and a horrified look o his face rushes up to Peter, shouting. He lifts the dead away, into his arms. He says something rapidly and grimac He is the father. He dashes into the village followed by two surviving boys and most of the bystanders. Francis, Peter, and Jack are left standing with the small and some other children, who all stare at them. A teenage boy in a school uniform of a red shirt and orange pants s something loudly to them in Hindi and darts off. Francis, Peter, and Jack look at each other, weary and lost. The teenaged boy comes back quickly carrying a metal pot fill with water. He offers it to them. Francis, Peter, and Jac share a drink.
25) 0) text: A small, open room on a courtyard. Brightly colored cards depicting deities and mythological scenes are tacked to t walls. Francis, Peter, Jack, and the two surviving boys s on the dirt floor at a low table. They wear white cloths wrapped around them, and Peter has a large bandage taped the side of his forehead. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 46 47 69. Numerous people come in and out of the room and cross bus through the courtyard speaking to each other in Hindi and shaking hands with and bowing to Francis, Peter, and Jack Everyone stares at them continuously with kind eyes. Wome saris attend to them, pouring cups of tea and serving bow of rice. A thin, smiling man drapes white towels over the shoulders. A tall man in a long, white shirt and glasses comes into room and walks through carrying a black doctor's bag. He bald and has a white beard. He opens the door to the next courtyard. There are chaotic shouts and continual, intens sobbing. He goes out and closes the door.
26) 0) text: Francis', Peter's, and Jack's suits, shirts, and socks ha drying from a clothesline outside. Five men in loin-cloth arrive with Francis', Peter's, and Jack's luggage, carryi the bags and suitcases on their heads and pulling the tru in a wagon. Francis lies on his back on a mat on the ground. Crouchin children stare down at him. A woman in a yellow sari holds a sleeping baby with its h sticking up funny. The baby's hand grips Peter's finger. Three men stand next to them, watching. One of them says something quietly in Hindi. The mother offers the baby fo Peter to hold. Peter breathes slowly as he takes the baby cradles it into his arms. Others gather closer. Peter loo up at the mother. He seems moved and dazed. Jack sits in the grass with three girls helping them stri flowers together in long strands. One of them picks up a beetle off the ground and throws it. In the next courtyard, the dead boy lies on a rug on the ground in front of a hut with a sheet over the lower half his body. With the help of two other men, the father pour water over the boy's neck and chest and washes his skin w a sponge. Another man sits on the floor binding bamboo po together with lengths of rope to make the frame of a stretcher. A young woman kneels on the ground, watching. She is in shock. She is the mother.
27) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack wait with their luggage stacked large pile at the side of a dirt highway. They wear their suits again. The teenaged boy in the school uniform stand Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 48 49 70. next to them. He has a pink handkerchief in his shirt poc Silence. Peter turns to the boy and says suddenly:
28) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack climb into the crowded bus and w toward the back. The other passengers hold bundles of fab bags of grain, etc. They all stare from their seats as Francis, Peter, and Jack make their way down the aisle to back. Francis, Peter, and Jack jam their hand-baggage into an overhead rack. A young man with two earrings quickly move patched up, old, cardboard box out of the way, and they squeeze into their seats. A skinny, old man in a multi- colored turban smiles at Francis brightly. Francis waves hello and nods wearily. The old man asks politely:
28) 2) dialog: (distantly) Well, originally, I guess we came here on a spiritual journey -- but that didn't really pan out. The old man nods seriously. The bus driver closes the doo He puts the bus in gear, honks the horn, and hits the gas The two surviving boys run into the road in front of the waving their arms and yelling urgently. The teenaged boy the school uniform runs behind them fluttering his pink handkerchief. The bus driver honks again and stomps on th brakes. The bus lurches to a stop. The driver throws the doors open. The two surviving boys poke their heads insid and exchange words rapidly in Hindi with the driver. The driver looks to the back of the bus. He points to Francis. Francis stands up and walks quickly to the front the bus. Peter, Jack, and everyone else on-board watch as Francis, the driver, and the two surviving boys speak in hushed voices. Francis nods. He walks back down the aisle kneels down on one knee. Peter and Jack lean in close to
28) 3) dialog: We're invited to the funeral. Pause. Peter and Jack stand up. Francis helps them take t bags back down from the overhead rack. Everyone watches a they make their way to the front of the bus and exit.
29) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack come out of a hut. They are dres in their white pajamas and rabbit slippers. They walk pas three-wheeled flat-bed truck as two men in white tunics approach carrying the body of the dead boy. It is strappe the bamboo stretcher and wrapped in white silk with strin of flowers all over it. The men place it on the back of t truck. Francis, Peter, and Jack pick up some stray flower off the ground and add them to the pile on the body. Francis, Peter, and Jack walk past a camel towing a cart filled with men in long white shirts and white pants. The help an old woman climb onto the back. They continue arou Miniature step-van with three boys in white loin-cloths standing on the rear bumper. Peter takes Francis' and Jac hands and holds them as they walk. They arrive at a green auto-rickshaw with a yellow vinyl top. They get inside. The driver puts the auto-rickshaw in gear, and the entire procession pulls away. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 51 72. cur TO: 51 A cross-street on the upper east side of Manhattan. Franc Peter, and Jack ride together in the back seat of a black limousine. They wear black suits with black shirts and bl neck-ties. Francis' face is perfectly intact. He has a pe thin moustache. Jack has no moustache. A thirty year-old woman in a black coat with a black dress sits opposite th in the jump-seat. She looks calm and concerned. She has freckles and an English accent. She is Alice. A plastic card tucked under the windshield on the dashboa reads Radio Car 1121 across the top and has Whitman Funer hand-written beneath. There is a long antenna with a wire coiled in a spiral around the base mounted on the hood an C.B.-type radio with a handset next to the steering wheel Francis, Peter, Jack, Alice, and the driver all smoke cigarettes. Each stares off in a different direction. Silence.
29) 2) dialog: Why not? It's the truth.
29) 10) dialog: We don't have time.
29) 19) dialog: Tell them we'll be there in five minutes.
29) 39) dialog: Peter, we'll come back and get the car later, OK? It's not ready. Peter jerks his arm away. He gets out of the car and walk past the mechanic. He goes into the office. It is very ti with photographs of Bavarian landscapes and a racing cale tacked to the walls. He scans a wooden rack of keys on ho He sees the set of keys on the Porsche key-chain. He grab them and goes out of the office. Peter walks quickly back to the Porsche and sits in the driver's seat. He puts in the key and tries to turn it ov The car lurches and a puff of black smoke comes out of th exhaust. The mechanic says strangely:
29) 41) dialog: There it is. That's the other one. We found it. Jack grabs the suitcase out of the trunk and sets it on t hood of a parked station wagon. Peter flips open the batt cover and fiddles with the connections. Francis and the mechanic stand together, watching.
29) 43) dialog: What are you doing?
29) 45) dialog: No, it's not. We need to take it home and enter it into the inventory along with all the rest of the --
29) 52) dialog: (hesitates) What are you talking about? He told me he loved it. Jack holds up a manila envelope with an address, stamps, a postmark on it.
29) 56) dialog: Hello? Alice's voice says over the telephone:
29) 58) dialog: Send the car back for us. The battery's dead.
29) 60) dialog: (hesitates) OK. Well, we might not make it, then. I guess just tell them to go fuck themselves.
29) 64) dialog: 
29) 67) dialog: What?
29) 69) dialog: (pained) Why not?
29) 71) dialog: She's not coming. OK.
29) 73) dialog: Yeah. Francis hangs up the telephone. He turns to the black gir She is staring at him. He says quietly:
29) 74) dialog: Thank you.
29) 77) dialog: Put it in second! Are you in second? Francis catches up and pushes with Peter and Jack. The ca gathers speed, and they let go. The mechanic runs to the front gate and jerks it open wide. Peter jumps in as the Porsche rolls bouncing into the street. Jack hollers:
29) 82) dialog: Get back in that car! The man turns to Francis. Peter jumps out of the Porsche. points at the man and screams in a rage at the top of his lungs, spitting:
29) 85) dialog: Let's go! Francis, Peter, and Jack run to the limousine and jump in with the suitcase, clothes, and toiletries.
30) 2) dialog: (hesitates) Alice.
30) 4) dialog: They're waiting.
30) 6) dialog: (pause) Not yet. Silence. Francis, Peter, and Jack look away from each oth in different directions. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 54 55 56 57 82. cur TO: 54 The flat-bed truck, the auto-rickshaw, the step-van, and rest of the procession of vehicles arriving at the entran to a temple at the side of a river. Francis, Peter, and J climb out of the auto-rickshaw.
31) 0) text: A bank of stone steps descend into the water. Lit candles glow in glass jars. Two attendants carry the body on the bamboo stretcher down the steps with the father, the doct and the other men from the village. The two attendants place the dead boy's body on a platfor stacked logs. The boy's face is circled with flowers. The from the village place more logs over the body and place over the stacked logs. The father shakes badly as he wash the dead boy's feet. A frail, little man with white hair presses dots of red powder onto Francis', Peter's, and Jack's foreheads. An attendant sprays the funeral pyre with purple fuel from a plastic squeeze-bottle. The father helps one of the survi boys to light it on fire. The flames jump and spread. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch the father and the two surviving boys walk in circles around the burning pyre.
32) 0) text: Francis and Jack lie asleep on a large cot with a woven r mattress. Peter sits up in bed between them, smoking a cigarette in the dark. Dogs bark and howl in the distance Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 58 59 83.
33) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack wait with their luggage stacked large pile at the side of the dirt highway. They wear the suits again. The teenaged boy in the school uniform stand next to them. Silence. The doctor from the village comes from around a corner an walks over to Francis, Peter, and Jack. They watch him curiously. He checks his watch. He looks down the highway smiles gently. Three of the men from the funeral walk out of a shop. The fall in with Francis, Peter, Jack, the boy, and the docto They look down the highway. Francis, Peter, and Jack star them. Five women in white saris hurry over and join the group. look down the highway. Francis, Peter, and Jack look at e other, confused. The dead boy's parents and the two surviving children approach along the side of the road as men, women, and children come from every direction. Francis', Peter's, an Jack's mouths fall slowly open. The bus appears in the distance. The teenaged boy whips h handkerchief out of his pocket, fluttering it as he steps into the road. The bus arrives and stops. The doors open. The men from the village quickly collect Francis', Peter' and Jack's luggage, hoisting it onto the roof and handing through the windows of the bus. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch quietly. All the villagers gather around. They press their hands together and bow. Francis, Peter, and Jack nod and bow in return. They shake men's hands and pat children on their heads and shoulders. They hesitate uncertainly and look o last time at the waiting people. They wave goodbye. Some the villagers say thank you and goodbye in English, other Hindi. Francis, Peter, and Jack climb onto the bus. The doors cl and the bus drives away.
34) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack sit together in the front row. T stare ahead in silence. They look suddenly devastated. Th light cigarettes. Jack puts his hand out the window to fe the wind. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 60 61 62 84.
35) 0) text: Two black and yellow taxis pull up to the curb in front o aging, local airport. A sign above the driveway reads Departures. Francis, Peter, and Jack get out of the first taxi. Porters in red turbans quickly gather to help them their luggage from the trunk. The porters unpack more lug out of a second taxi. They pile suitcases onto a cart and carry bags on their heads. Francis pays the drivers. He walks with Peter, Jack, and porters across the sidewalk, past a soldier wearing a bla beret, into the terminal.
36) 0) text: Francis, Peter, Jack, and the porters walk through the terminal, over to a ticket counter. The name of the airli is written on the wall in Hindi. A woman behind the count wears a floral-patterned sari. Francis sets his, Peter's, Jack's passports onto the counter and says:
36) 1) dialog: Whitman. cur TO: 62 Francis, Peter, and Jack with their arms raised in the ai while soldiers wearing black berets pat them down and sca their bodies with hand-held metal detectors. They collect their hand-baggage off a conveyor belt and continue towar the gates. They stop in the middle of a small shopping ar and light cigarettes as Francis says:
36) 2) dialog: The flight boards in twenty-five minutes. Let's set aside the next ten minutes to use as free time, do a little shopping, have a snack, make a phone call, then we'll meet in the bathroom next to that statue right there -- Francis points across the terminal to a bathroom next to large bronze of Gandhi walking in a loincloth. He checks watch.
36) 3) dialog: -- at about a quarter after, get cleaned up, brush your teeth, have a shave, or what-have-you, and with our last five minutes, we'll sit quietly in that little shrine over there -- Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 85. Francis points to a small shrine next to a cash machine.
36) 4) dialog: -- say a prayer, and think about everything we've been through. Peter and Jack nod. Francis turns away and walks quickly a duty-free store, down an aisle of shelves filled with bottles of liquor. Peter and Jack walk over to a tea stan next to a currency exchange counter. They stand under a s that reads Chai. A skinny attendant with a moustache smil at them. Peter holds up three fingers.
36) 11) dialog: He's going to think about it. Francis sighs. He says quietly: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 86.
36) 12) dialog: I need him to be hired back, because otherwise I'm probably just a bad person, and, in some ways, I feel like Brendan might be my -- Francis suddenly tilts his head back and holds his finger under his eye to keep a tear from falling. He says finall
36) 13) dialog: -- friend, maybe. Peter and Jack nod sympathetically. Jack says suddenly:
36) 16) dialog: Who's he talking to? Peter looks. Jack is at the telephone stand in the middle a call.
36) 18) dialog: (upset) I thought we made an agreement! Why didn't you stop him? Francis shakes his head. He opens the bottle of whiskey a pours shots into the cups of tea on the counter and the o in Peter's hand. Jack comes back over to them.
36) 19) dialog: What'd you find out this time? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 87.
36) 21) dialog: (pained) Oh, man! That's terrible!
36) 24) dialog: Let's look at the itinerary. Francis takes one of the itineraries out of his briefcase studies it. He suddenly twists and pulls at it, trying to it in half, but the lamination is too strong. He gives up jams it into a trash can. Jack puts his hands into his pockets. A curious look crosses his face. He takes out on the foil packets labelled Savory Snack. He and Francis st at it. Francis asks sadly:
36) 25) dialog: Is that from Sweet Lime? Jack nods. He tears open the top of the packet and shakes some cocktail nuts and crackers into Francis' palm. They start eating. Francis says quietly, chewing:
36) 26) dialog: We liked her, didn't we?
36) 28) dialog: Who's he talking to? Jack looks. Peter is at the telephone stand pacing with t cord stretched to its limit, yelling into the receiver an shaking his balled up fist angrily. The attendant stares at the floor. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 88.
36) 31) dialog: It got born already?
36) 33) dialog: Wow! That's incredible!
36) 37) dialog: (hesitates) Ever? Until just now?
36) 41) dialog: You can let him inherit this. It's from me and Jack. Jack nods. Peter takes the belt. He puts it on over his s jacket. He looks down at it sadly.
37) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack stand silently at the mirror. Ja trims his moustache with a pair of tiny grooming scissors Peter shaves. Francis brushes his teeth. A janitor rummag through a broom closet in the background. He takes out a and a bucket, goes to the door, and swings it open. Passengers and baggage handlers criss-cross in the doorwa and the room fills with airport noises. The room goes qui again as the door swings shut. Francis turns to Jack and says:
37) 1) dialog: Can I use those scissors? Jack hands Francis his scissors. Peter and Jack watch as Francis carefully clips the dirty bandages off his face a peels them away. Underneath, he is badly bruised, scratch stitched, and scabbed. He takes a deep breath.
37) 2) dialog: I guess I've still got some more healing to do.
37) 6) dialog: (hesitates) Yeah -- but it hurts. Francis starts laughing quietly. Peter and Jack watch him uncertain -- then start laughing with him. Their eyes loo strange and desperate.
38) 0) text: An alcove next to the departure gate. There is a statue o altar of a man with the head of an elephant. Flowers are strewn around its base, and a candle burns in front of it Francis, Peter, and Jack sit quietly on the floor. They h orange stripes on their foreheads. They wave their hands the candle-flame and ritualistically presses the warmth i their hair. They close their eyes and press their palms together. Jack says thoughtfully:
39) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack riding in tandem on an old, gree motorcycle. A decal on the gas tank reads Hero Honda. Fra drives, smiling fiercely. A small, three-wheeled truck lo with Francis', Peter's, and Jack's bags, suitcases, and t follows close behind them. The vehicles on the road pass within inches of each other, dodging constantly.
40) 0) text: Francis, Peter, Jack, and a Tibetan guide wearing a stars stripes stocking cap walk four black horses and three mul strapped with all their luggage through the gates of the compound. The tack and saddles are hand-made and brightly colorful, and the horses' ears are distinctively pointed curved at the ends. Dozens of children in school uniforms of white shirts and cream-colored pants converge, circling giddily. Francis, Peter, and Jack look exhausted but enchanted. They are unshaven and windburned and wear long, wide, finely-woven scarves. Jack pets a baby lamb with a red dot on its forehead. Two peacocks walk by, stepping slowly. A tall woman in a white habit with her head bare and wild long hair comes out of an arched doorway and descends a s staircase. She is Patricia. She strides out to meet Franc Peter, and Jack. In one hand, she carries a dog-eared biography of Thomas Jefferson with numerous scraps of pap tucked in-between pages as book-marks. In her other hand, carries a piece of chalk and an eraser. She wears a thick leather utility belt with a hunting knife, a flashlight, a canteen attached to it. A young, Indian nun in a blue h follows close behind her. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch intently as Patricia approaches. She starts talking fifty feet before she arri Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 92.
40) 2) dialog: Should we go?
40) 6) dialog: I crashed my motorcycle on purpose into the side of a hill. Patricia hesitates. She nods vaguely.
40) 14) dialog: That's Oberoi. He got us here. Patricia talks rapidly with the guide in broken Tibetan. guide nods, alarmed. Francis frowns.
40) 15) dialog: Wait a second. What'd you tell him?
41) 0) text: A utility room next to a kitchen. Francis, Peter, and Jac hold piles of laundry in their arms. Patricia motions to teenaged girl standing next to her as she says to Francis Peter, and Jack:
42) 0) text: A small, white church with a large, bloody crucifix above altar. Patricia leads a hymn from the pulpit with three Indian nuns in blue habits. Another nun plays a plastic, electric organ. Francis, Peter, and Jack stand in a pew holding hymnals and singing with the rest of the congrega of children, teachers, and workers. A metal fan with fluttering ribbons attached to it whirs, rotating back an forth in the open doorway.
43) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack lie on three narrow cots in a sp white room overlooking the edge of the cliff. They are dressed in their white pajamas. There is a crucifix above bed, an illustration of St. Francis above another, and th Virgin Mary above the third. There is a plastic bottle of water next to each bunk. An electric mosquito coil is plu into the wall. Peter's candle burns on a night-table. The trunk and suitcases are laid out in a row on the floor. S are open with laundry strewn around them. Wind rattles th window-panes, and a light rain falls on the metal roof. Patricia sits on the end of Jack's bed with her hands fol in her lap. She says energetically:
43) 20) dialog: We came here because we miss you.
43) 31) dialog: (pause) Not for us. Silence. Patricia says quietly:
43) 34) dialog: Tilt your head back. Patricia hesitates. Francis puts his hands on the sides o her head and leans back her neck to slow the blood. Peter wipes her face clean with a handkerchief and holds it wit gentle pressure to her nose. Jack kneels down on one knee grasps her hand tightly.
43) 37) dialog: Just relax. Patricia sits quietly. She turns to Peter.
43) 41) dialog: At one point, we thought about trying to kidnap you away by force -- but it seems kind of far-fetched now.
43) 45) dialog: But you love us, right? Patricia looks stunned. Her voice breaks as she says quie
43) 52) dialog: Sure.
44) 0) text: The next morning. Francis and Peter are asleep. Jack sits an open window seat writing furiously in his manila note book. He still wears his white pajamas. There is a tray o sliced mango, scrambled eggs, corn flakes, porridge, oran juice, and instant coffee on the table behind him. Franci sits up slowly on the edge of his bed. He stretches his a and yawns. He says groggily:
44) 1) dialog: Good morning. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 102. Jack drinks a sip of coffee and answers without looking u from his writing:
44) 3) dialog: (hesitates) What? Jack finishes a paragraph, caps his pen, and closes his n book. He goes over to Peter's bed and sits on the edge of across from Francis.
44) 5) dialog: (kicking Peter's bunk) Peter. Jack pats Peter's legs to wake him. Peter sighs and rubs eyes.
44) 7) dialog: She's gone.
44) 12) dialog: That went perfectly.
44) 15) dialog: Read us what you got. Jack reaches into his pocket and takes out his note book. opens it and reads:
44) 18) dialog: Yeah. It's hard for me to judge the ending without knowing the rest of it.
45) 0) text: A train station on the edge of a small town in the mounta Francis, Peter, and Jack run through the terminal carryin their suitcases accompanied by two porters in red turbans pulling the rest of their luggage on a cart. They race ou onto the platform.
46) 0) text: Bells are ringing. Wheels are clacking. Smoke is blowing. train is already pulling out, and Francis, Peter, Jack, a the two porters run alongside the tracks behind it. A teenager with wavy hair and a trumpet at his side watches calmly from a deck at the rear of the caboose. A sign abo his head reads The Bengal Lancer with a picture of a leap tiger below it. Francis', Peter's, Jack's, and the two porters' shoes sla along the cement. They start gaining on the train. The tr picks up speed. The porters grit their teeth. Francis egg them on. They begin to lose ground. Francis turns to Pete and Jack and yells over the sound of the engine’s whistle
46) 1) dialog: Dad's bags aren't going to make it! Francis, Peter, and Jack exchange a quick look. They laug spontaneously. They drop their hand-baggage, sprint ahead run full-steam to the back of the train, and leap on-boar Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 75 76 105. They turn to look back at the porters, who are slowing do with puzzled looks on their faces. They get smaller and smaller as the train pulls away. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch them sadly. They go into the train.
47) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack walk quickly through two cars an enter a third. Francis pulls three tickets out of his coa pocket and checks the numbers next to each compartment do as they go down the corridor.
48) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack sit looking out the window. Ther a knock on the door. Francis slides it open. A thirty-yea old man with a beard stands in the corridor with a hole- puncher in his hand. He wears a pink silk turban and a Ne jacket with Chief Steward embroidered onto it.
48) 8) dialog: Let’s go get a drink and smoke a cigarette. Francis, Peter, and Jack stand up. Jack slides the door o Francis and Peter go out. Jack follows them and shuts the door behind him. A cloud rolls away in the sky, and brigh sunlight fills the compartment. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca