0) 9) dialog: Have you seen Francis? Peter hesitates, curious. The compartment door slides ope forty-year-old man in a light brown, wool suit with a yel shirt stands in the hallway holding a tray of whiskey highballs (Irish whiskey over ice with club soda and a le twist). He has gauze pads over his temples with medical t holding them in place and white bandages wrapped all arou his head. Both of his eyes are blackened and swollen, and has two sets of stitches plus numerous bruises, scratches scabs, and three small bandages on his face. He leans slightly on a bamboo cane. He is Francis Whitman. He says softly:
0) 16) dialog: Yes, please.
0) 20) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack walk quickly through the train, balancing against the walls and windows as the cars jolt and forth. Francis limps and swings his cane. They light cigarettes.
0) 23) dialog: Thank you.
0) 28) dialog: (moved but curious) I love you, too! Francis opens the door to the next car and leads Peter an Jack up the corridor.
0) 30) dialog: 
0) 36) dialog: Yeah.
0) 39) dialog: sure.
0) 42) text: A type-written card with Travel Itinerary printed across top and a detailed list of trains, times, hotels, cities, phone numbers, etc. below. Peter and Jack look puzzled.
0) 47) dialog: (more puzzled) Where is he?
0) 51) dialog: Yeah. It sounds good.
0) 56) text: Clouds, stars, and a moon are painted on the ceiling. The room is filled with people seated for dinner. Waiters in green, silk uniforms rush around taking orders. Francis, Peter, and Jack drink whiskey highballs. They share a tab with a grey-haired man dressed in a white tunic reading a Hindi newspaper. There is a bowl of nuts in front of them Peter listens with his glasses lifted up.
0) 59) dialog: Boy.
0) 64) dialog: No.
0) 66) dialog: What's that?
0) 69) dialog: A type of Indian flu medicine. It's got a tranquilizer in it. Francis nods. He takes a glass vial of amber liquid label Opio-Sedate with instructions in Hindi on it out of his o yellow plastic sack. He unscrews the top and drops three drops under his tongue with a glass pipette. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 10.
0) 74) dialog: You want to read a short story I wrote in France?
0) 76) dialog: Never mind. Forget it. Peter takes the sheaf of pages. He unfolds it and starts reading. Jack hesitates.
0) 77) dialog: You can save it until after dinner, if you want. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 11. Peter shakes his head and continues reading. Francis puts tooth back into his mouth. Peter sees this. He leans forw and says suddenly:
0) 81) dialog: I don't know. The funeral.
0) 84) dialog: What part are you on?
0) 100) dialog: I want that stewardess. Francis turns around and stares at the stewardess. The tw German women start arguing again. Peter gestures toward t and says under his breath:
0) 107) dialog: (hesitates) Really? You're kidding.
0) 109) dialog: (uncertainly) How long?
0) 111) dialog: (surprised) It’s going to be born in six weeks or something?
0) 119) dialog: (tentatively) I think so.
0) 121) dialog: (hesitates) The characters are all fictional. The waiter comes over and sweeps a large number of crumbs bits of food off the tablecloth with a little tool and sa
0) 128) dialog: (uneasy) Maybe. I think he's still in mourning.
2) 0) text: The bunks have been prepared with white sheets and blanke with The Darjeeling Limited embroidered onto them. The do is open to the adjoining compartment. Francis, Peter, and Jack are dressed in white pajamas. Jack has on a yellow bathrobe with Hotel Chevalier stitched into the lapel. Th transistor radio plays the evening news in Hindi on the windowsill. Francis takes out one of his vials of amber liquid and dr three drops into each of their whiskey highballs. He poin at the bottom bunk and says: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 17.
2) 5) dialog: Good evening.
2) 8) dialog: I wonder what he looks like under all that tape and everything? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 18.
2) 32) dialog: How long are you going to stay here?
2) 34) dialog: Uh-huh.
2) 36) dialog: I'm just trying to know so I can figure out my plans.
2) 38) dialog: I don't know yet. Anyway, I have my own ticket, just in case. Don't tell Francis.
2) 40) dialog: Is that one of Alice’s pots? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15 16 20. Peter nods. Francis picks up the flower pot and examines
2) 50) dialog: (to himself) Where's those nuts at? Jack presses a buzzer on the wall. He stands up and paces briefly between the adjoining compartments. Francis and P watch him curiously. There is a knock on the door. Jack o it. The stewardess stands in the corridor.
2) 52) dialog: Is it possible for us to get some more of the savory snacks, please?
2) 54) dialog: I don't think so.
2) 56) dialog: I forgot something. Jack slides open the door.
3) 0) text: Jack comes out of the compartment and shuts the door behi him. He looks to the end of the car. He sees a light on i little galley with a shadow moving. He hears cabinets ope and close and dishes clink. He turns away and walks to th other end of the coach. He slides open the door and stops the space between the two cars. He turns around and looks through a window. He watches as the stewardess comes out the galley with a tray of cocktail nuts and a pitcher. Sh walks to the compartment. Just as she is about to knock, sees Jack. Jack waves for the stewardess to come to him. She frowns slightly. He waves for her to come to him again and keeps waving continuously, switching hands while he takes out a Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 19 22. cigarette and lights it, until she finally strides down t corridor, slides open the door, and enters the space betw the two cars. Jack yells over the noise:
3) 1) dialog: You want to smoke a cigarette with me in the bathroom?
3) 5) dialog: Jack. What's yours?
3) 7) dialog: You're beautiful. The stewardess arches her back and puts her hands on Jack face. She whispers:
3) 9) dialog: 
5) 0) text: Jack stands waiting in the corridor outside the lavatory. looks disheveled and dazed. He drinks a sip from his bott of cough medicine. The bathroom door slides open. Rita lo out at Jack. She frowns. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 21 24.
5) 2) dialog: (puzzled) I'm waiting for you.
5) 4) dialog: (correcting her) Jack.
5) 6) dialog: Right. I get it. OK. Good-night, then. Jack starts to kiss Rita furtively, but she shields him a
6) 0) text: Francis lies in the bottom bunk, and Peter is in the top bunk. The door slides open, and Jack comes in.
6) 1) dialog: Move over, please. Francis props himself up onto one elbow against the wall. Jack lies next to him. Peter leans down from the top bunk upside down. He and Francis stare at Jack.
6) 3) dialog: (pause) Huh?
6) 5) dialog: (taken aback) What?
6) 7) dialog: Of course, not. I went for a walk. Francis and Peter study Jack's face skeptically. Jack loo uneasy but slightly electric.
7) 0) text: Three A.M. The train has stopped at a quiet station. Outs the window, people and dogs sleep on the platform, and a vendor wheels a cart alongside the tracks. Inside compart 40/41, the lights are out, and a cricket is chirping. Fra wakes up. He sees Peter leaning down over the side of his bunk, staring out the window in the darkness. He turns ov and looks out the window, too. Jack stands at a public telephone stand on the other side of the platform listeni with the receiver to his ear and a blank expression on hi face. He wears his bathrobe and pajamas. A telephone boot attendant sits next to him. A meter clicks numbers. Franc frowns.
7) 8) dialog: I don't feel good about myself. Jack kneels suddenly to the floor and digs between two suitcases. He stands up again with his hands cupped, pull open the window, and thrusts a cricket fluttering into th air. It flies away under the lights of the platform, off the distance. The train begins to move. Francis sits up.
7) 10) dialog: 
7) 13) dialog: Nothing.
7) 15) dialog: She put this in my suitcase. Jack takes the bottle of perfume out of the pocket of his bathrobe and sprays it in the air. Silence. Francis says quietly:
7) 17) dialog: That's her.
7) 19) dialog: She came to see me in France for twenty- four hours. Francis sighs and shakes his head. Peter says bluntly:
7) 21) dialog: (hesitates) What's gaslighting?
7) 24) dialog: It still works. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 23 28.
8) 5) dialog: What ingredients does this have in it? I don’t want to kill anybody or anything.
8) 15) dialog: Where's my passport? Jack starts checking every pocket on his body repeatedly rapid succession. He pulls out matches, bits of paper, an broken popsicle stick. He holds the can of pepper spray i his hand. He says, stricken:
8) 16) dialog: I got pick-pocketed. My passport got stolen. Peter exhales deeply and turns away. Francis says calmly:
8) 20) dialog: (long pause) You stole my passport?
8) 25) dialog: What are you talking about?
8) 27) dialog: That's why you stole my passport?
8) 29) dialog: (pause) He's going to have a kid in six weeks.
8) 31) dialog: (points across the temple) Him. Rubby. He doesn't want you to know. Francis looks confused. He repeats:
8) 33) dialog: Yeah. You know: Jack imitates Peter squinting, muttering, and rubbing his temples. Francis laughs sharply. He asks, hurt:
8) 35) dialog: Because we don't trust each other.
9) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack descend the temple steps. Teenag boys behind them walk in pairs, holding hands. Francis sa enthusiastically:
9) 3) dialog: Great. Thanks. Next to the road: two women in orange saris sit on a shee sorting grain into piles and weighing them, a man makes sandals out of worn-out tire treads, and a barber cuts a man's hair in front of a mirror nailed to a tree. Francis points to a ten-year-old boy dressed in tennis shorts and shirt sitting on a shoe-shine box.
9) 7) dialog: (surprised) What? The shoe-shine boy sprints at top speed up the road. He l back over his shoulder. Francis screams, suddenly furious
9) 9) dialog: He left his shoe-shine kit.
9) 12) dialog: Yeah, but he only got one of them. Peter and Jack laugh. Francis points to the rabbit slippe in Peter's bag. Peter hands him one. Francis puts it on. They all stand up. Silence. Francis says forcefully:
9) 20) dialog: Why'd you expect to get divorced?
9) 26) dialog: Those guys are laughing at us. Jack points to a group of six thirteen-year-old boys in school uniforms of bright blue shirts and navy blue short standing on a patch of hard earth at the edge of a vacant with trash all over it. They stare at Francis, Peter, and Jack, smiling and laughing at them good-naturedly. They a playing cricket with a dirty, old, faded tennis ball. Fra shakes his head admiringly.
10) 0) text: A green, three-wheeled taxi with a yellow vinyl roof. Francis, Peter, and Jack ride three abreast in the back. driver has a long moustache with curving, twisted ends. T drive weaving through a chaotic spice market. Francis is Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 28 29 36. reading Jack's short story. Peter carefully lifts the top flap of the cardboard box and stares inside. A young man bicycle pedals alongside them. He smiles, puts out his ha and shouts cheerily without slowing down:
10) 3) dialog: (surprised) Really?
10) 5) dialog: (hesitates) The characters are all fictional.
10) 7) dialog: (moved) Thank you. Peter stares distantly out the side of the auto-rickshaw.
11) 0) text: Francis runs limping and hobbling on his cane with Peter Jack helping him behind the moving train trying to catch as it pulls out of the station. They jump onto the rear d one by one.
12) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack stand in the corridor outside a small compartment. There are two lap-top computers, a printer, a set of guidebooks, a map of Asia, a bulletin board, and a laminating machine inside. Brendan looks out them from the open doorway. He hands Francis a manila envelope. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
13) 0) text: The blinds are shut, and the sun comes in at the edges of windows. Peter lies in the top bunk under the sheets with sleeping mask on. The cardboard box with the skull-and- crossbones on it is beside him. Francis reclines in the l bunk, and Jack is in the adjoining room. They both lie on of their covers, fully dressed but asleep. Jack has a tow over his face. Numerous drug strip-packs, bottles, and vi cover the vanity. Empty highball glasses and cigarette bu litter the room. There is a knock on the door. Francis op his eyes. He frowns and shouts:
13) 6) dialog: (quietly) Rita. Peter whispers something incomprehensible from the top bu Francis and Jack look at each other, puzzled. They climb to stand on the lower bunk and peer over the side of Pete Mattress. Peter is frozen. He has pulled up the sleeping to the top of his head. The lid is open on the cardboard
13) 7) dialog: What'd you say?
14) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack cower halfway down the car. Pete shouts furiously:
14) 3) dialog: Don't go in there, Rita. The chief steward looks back at Jack and frowns. He goes the galley and comes out with a spatula and an ice bucket hands the ice bucket to Rita. He disappears into the compartment. There is a loud banging and some shuffling Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 32 41. sounds. Francis, Peter, Jack, and Rita look at each other nervously. The chief steward lunges into the corridor wit the snake looped over the end of the spatula. He flips it around and pinches it by the throat. Francis brightens.
15) 0) text: The chief steward moves slowly through the room, observin the clothes, personal articles, airline bottles of liquor and dirty ashtrays strewn everywhere. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch, uneasy. The chief steward says gravely:
15) 5) dialog: (tragically) Voltaire, number six. The chief steward looks puzzled. He crosses into the adjoining compartment. He sees the drug strip-packs, bott and vials on the vanity. He picks up a handful and examin them. He turns to Francis, Peter, and Jack and says short
16) 0) text: A vast, white, marble room with an elaborate gold altar a the front. A large number of people sit on the floor chan and praying. The men have beards and wear turbans, and th women wear long scarves draped over their heads. Two old type at an outdated computer with a dot-matrix printer. People circled around them sing a changing verse in Punja over and over. Francis, Peter, and Jack sit near the back of the crowd. wears a different brightly-colored silk handkerchief knot awkwardly around his head. Francis' eyes are closed and h hands are folded. He leans forward and presses his face t the floor. Peter bounces and hums with the music, singing along vaguely to himself. Jack looks up at a series of im tacked onto the wall. They depict men being scalped, beheaded, and boiled in oil. Jack looks intrigued. Franci opens his eyes and looks up to Peter and Jack. He frowns.
16) 2) dialog: You think it's working? Do we feel something?
16) 8) dialog: Where are we?
17) 0) text: A high plain with dying trees, scrub, and rocks. There is nothing in sight. Francis, Peter, and Jack come out of th train in their pajamas. Peter and Jack have on rabbit slippers. Francis wears a rabbit slipper on one foot and loafer on the other. Peter ties knots in one of the handkerchiefs and wears it on his head. A few other passengers and train staff members lean out the windows o stand around curiously. Three maintenance engineers in gr jumpsuits tinker at the engine hatch with wrenches and a crowbar. A barefoot boy in khaki pants and a T-shirt stan on a cement post chewing on a hunk of sugar cane. Two waiters and a porter in a red turban sit crouched on ground around a large map with rocks holding down its corners. They talk quickly in Hindi. Brendan looks over t shoulders. Francis, Peter, and Jack approach them.
17) 3) dialog: (to Peter) What'd he say?
17) 5) dialog: How can a train be lost? It's on rails.
17) 8) dialog: How far off course are we?
17) 22) dialog: How is that possible?
17) 24) dialog: A nun? Francis nods. He shrugs.
17) 25) dialog: Did you talk to her?
17) 27) dialog: Does she know we're coming?
17) 31) dialog: Why didn't you tell us sooner?
17) 35) dialog: (pause) What is she says no?
18) 0) text: The train is moving again. Francis, Peter, and Jack are dressed. They eat grilled cheese sandwiches. Francis says Peter and Jack:
19) 0) text: Back on the train. Jack knocks on a compartment door. Let painted above it read Staff Quarters. It slides open, and Rita looks out. She is dressed in a more formal version o her sari-uniform with embroidery and gold trim. She smoke cigarette. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 49.
19) 1) dialog: These guys are driving me crazy. Is there an empty compartment I can move into? Rita puts on her glasses. She says evenly:
19) 3) dialog: I really want to kiss you. Rita stares at Jack passively. Jack says simply:
19) 4) dialog: Can I? Pause. Rita answers in a quiet, resolute voice:
19) 6) dialog: (hesitates) No? Jack looks confused. A bell rings on the wall next to the window. Rita ignores it. Jack whispers:
19) 7) dialog: But we already did it. Why --
19) 9) dialog: (pause) You do.
19) 11) dialog: I really need someone to talk to right now, and I feel like you might be very important to me in my life.
19) 13) dialog: (long pause) Can you say anything more about that?
19) 15) dialog: Don't be.
19) 17) dialog: Let's go to Italy.
20) 0) text: Peter shaves at the vanity with his shirt off. He uses an old, silver razor. Francis lies on the bottom bunk smokin cigarette. Jack sits next to the window drinking a whiske highball. Francis frowns and says to Peter suddenly:
20) 11) dialog: (quietly) Stop including me.
20) 14) dialog: I want my passport back. Francis frowns. He raises his voice:
20) 20) dialog: Stop! Jack drinks his drink in one sip, throws his glass on the floor, and rushes to intervene. He is immediately knocked Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 55. into the side of the washbasin. He retreats. He watches t fight, concerned. He runs back into the adjoining room. Jack heaves his trunk onto the bench seat, snaps the latc free, and throws open the lid. He digs among stacks of novels, a dictionary, pens, pencils, notebooks, a flashli bottles of water, a camera, and piles of clothes. He find his can of pepper spray. He fiddles with the trigger and snaps a small, metal capsule into the base. It cocks like automatic. He crosses back into the other room. Francis holds his cane around Peter's neck in a strict headlock, squeezing vigorously while Peter’s face turns bright red. Peter digs his fingers under the bandages on Francis’ head. The two brothers buck fitfully on the floo banging into things, shouting, and grunting.
20) 23) dialog: I love you, too, but I'm going to mace you in the face! Francis and Peter ignore Jack and continue fighting. Jack takes a deep breath and holds it. He fires the pepper spr at his brothers. It makes a pop and hisses. Silence. Francis and Peter erupt into crazed screaming, pawing at their eyes and gasping for breath. Jack looks pained and scared. Francis grabs at Jack’s ankles. Jack throws open the compartment door and retreats into the corridor. He watches as Francis and Peter slowly stagger their feet, coughing and wheezing. Francis looks at Jack, squinting. Jack says frozen:
20) 24) dialog: I had to do it. Francis lunges at Jack. Jack kicks him. He runs to the en the car, throws open the door, and heads into the next co Jack turns around to face the door. He takes a step backwards. He inserts a fresh capsule into his can of pep spray. He raises the cannister and waits. The door opens, Jack maces Francis and Peter again. Francis and Peter scr and choke, clawing at their eyes. Jack shouts:
20) 25) dialog: Stop including me! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 38 56. Jack turns and sprints away. He runs past the two German women, who look out from their compartment doorway, angry frightened. He opens the door at the end of the car and r into the next coach. He slams full-speed into the sliding glass door to the dining room and blasts though it, shattering glass everywhere. The passengers at their tables are taken aback and stare Jack, stunned. Some people have on party hats. A banner hanging from the ceiling reads Welcome Gala! There are streamers and balloons everywhere. Jack lies on his back the floor, covered with glittering shards and splinters. The chief steward strides toward Jack from the other end the dining car with an icy look on his face.
21) 0) text: The train is stopped at a deserted station. The doors to ticket office are closed and padlocked. Francis, Peter, a Jack stand on the platform next to their luggage in a lar pile. Their suitcases are partly unlatched, and bits of clothes stick out of them. A laundry bag has been hastily filled with shoes, books, toiletries, etc. Francis and Pe have brightly bloodshot eyes which they blink and squint, rubbing them continuously. Tears continue to stream down their faces. They wheeze. Francis' false tooth is now missing. (NOTE: it is never replaced.) Two porters in red turbans come out of the train and stac the printer and laminating machine with the luggage. Bren comes out after them wearing a bathrobe and carrying two duffel bags. He looks confused.
21) 16) dialog: Your fake tooth's gone. Francis checks the gap in his mouth with his finger. He mutters:
21) 18) dialog: Did you get maced, too?
21) 21) dialog: (pause) Let me think about that. I'1l tell you the next time I see you.
21) 23) dialog: (genuinely) Thanks for using me. Rita looks puzzled. She smiles sadly:
21) 25) dialog: Good-bye, Rita. Jack turns and walks away. Francis yells:
21) 36) dialog: Me, too.
22) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack sit on their suitcases around a small fire made from sticks and garbage. Jack looks insid the paper sack. He takes out a foil packet of cocktail nu and crackers labelled Savory Snack and a bottle of airlin gin and hands them to Francis. He takes out a foil packet chocolates and caramels labelled Sweet Snack and a bottle airline vodka and hands them to Peter. He opens a bottle airline Grand Marnier and downs it in one sip. Silence.
22) 7) dialog: (disappointed) You don't think so? Not even on some primordial level?
22) 10) dialog: Maybe this is how it's supposed to happen. It could all be part of it. Maybe this is where the spiritual journey ends. Pause. Francis suddenly grabs his briefcase, snaps it ope and takes out the manila envelope. He reaches into it. He pulls out the three peacock feathers. He hands one to Pet and one to Jack.
22) 13) dialog: Which direction did yours go?
22) 15) dialog: Your feathers. Mine blew towards the mountains.
22) 23) dialog: Did he really say you were his favorite?
22) 25) dialog: I wonder if the three of us could've been friends in real life. Not as brothers, but as people.
22) 29) dialog: Wouldn't it sound great if you could hear a train going by off in the distance right now?
23) 0) text: Daybreak. Francis, Peter, and Jack walk together lugging their baggage along the banks of a fast-rushing river. Francis hits a bump with his trolley. A string snaps, and printer and laminating machine tip off the top of it and smash down onto the ground. Francis, Peter, and Jack paus They look down at the damaged printer and broken laminati machine. They look at each other. The start walking again Francis points:
23) 2) dialog: That's going to tip over. The raft bounces once, a rope snaps, and it flips. The baskets tumble and radishes spill everywhere. The boys fa into the churning water and hang on desperately. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch, shocked. Peter says under his brea
23) 4) dialog: Francis! Francis grabs Jack's hand and grips the cable tightly. Pe leads them hand-over-hand along the rope. The three boys cling to the upturned raft. They look terrified. Francis yells to Jack:
23) 6) dialog: Don't let go of me! Francis and Peter pull themselves onto the upturned raft crawl over the oil drums to the other two boys on the far side. The raft rocks and tilts. They struggle to balance. Francis tugs the oldest boy out of the water. He and the scramble back across the oil drums to the rope. The current shifts, and the raft flips again, righting itself, with Peter and the middle boy bracing themselves it swings through the air and slams down with a crash. Francis yanks the oldest boy clear and clutches the cable shouts:
23) 8) dialog: What happened? Peter's voice comes from underneath the raft:
23) 19) dialog: It's stretching. On the far shore, a knot around a tree breaks, and the ro snaps free. The raft shoots away, spinning. Francis shout Jack: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 67.
23) 21) dialog: Peter! Peter wades from the shallow water below, holding the mid boy tightly in his arms. Planks of the demolished raft an smashed oil drums float behind them. Blood rushes freely Peter's scalp and flows over the entire side of his face. boy's arms hang limp, and the wet cloth over his body is with blood. Jack screams back to Francis:
23) 22) dialog: He's all bloody! Jack starts down the embankment and falls, rolling over t gravel. He picks himself up by the river and splashes out Peter. Francis and the other two boys catch up in the background. Peter shakes his head and says rapidly, matte fact:
23) 24) dialog: (blankly) He's dead?
23) 26) dialog: You're bleeding like crazy. Jack presses his hand against a laceration above Peter's temple. Francis yells as he approaches: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 44 45 68.
24) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack walk across the scrub, past bony grazing cows, with the two surviving boys. They are drenc and Peter is bloody. He carries the dead boy on his shoul A group of old women holding baskets of grain stop and st An small man with a wheelbarrow begins to walk alongside them, curious and concerned. Children gather, chattering nervously. Francis, Peter, and Jack reach the edge of a village. The are thatched huts and clay brick houses. Agitated people out to meet them, yelling in Hindi. More voices shout in distance. Dogs circle. A large man with a thick moustache and a horrified look o his face rushes up to Peter, shouting. He lifts the dead away, into his arms. He says something rapidly and grimac He is the father. He dashes into the village followed by two surviving boys and most of the bystanders. Francis, Peter, and Jack are left standing with the small and some other children, who all stare at them. A teenage boy in a school uniform of a red shirt and orange pants s something loudly to them in Hindi and darts off. Francis, Peter, and Jack look at each other, weary and lost. The teenaged boy comes back quickly carrying a metal pot fill with water. He offers it to them. Francis, Peter, and Jac share a drink.
25) 0) text: A small, open room on a courtyard. Brightly colored cards depicting deities and mythological scenes are tacked to t walls. Francis, Peter, Jack, and the two surviving boys s on the dirt floor at a low table. They wear white cloths wrapped around them, and Peter has a large bandage taped the side of his forehead. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 46 47 69. Numerous people come in and out of the room and cross bus through the courtyard speaking to each other in Hindi and shaking hands with and bowing to Francis, Peter, and Jack Everyone stares at them continuously with kind eyes. Wome saris attend to them, pouring cups of tea and serving bow of rice. A thin, smiling man drapes white towels over the shoulders. A tall man in a long, white shirt and glasses comes into room and walks through carrying a black doctor's bag. He bald and has a white beard. He opens the door to the next courtyard. There are chaotic shouts and continual, intens sobbing. He goes out and closes the door.
26) 0) text: Francis', Peter's, and Jack's suits, shirts, and socks ha drying from a clothesline outside. Five men in loin-cloth arrive with Francis', Peter's, and Jack's luggage, carryi the bags and suitcases on their heads and pulling the tru in a wagon. Francis lies on his back on a mat on the ground. Crouchin children stare down at him. A woman in a yellow sari holds a sleeping baby with its h sticking up funny. The baby's hand grips Peter's finger. Three men stand next to them, watching. One of them says something quietly in Hindi. The mother offers the baby fo Peter to hold. Peter breathes slowly as he takes the baby cradles it into his arms. Others gather closer. Peter loo up at the mother. He seems moved and dazed. Jack sits in the grass with three girls helping them stri flowers together in long strands. One of them picks up a beetle off the ground and throws it. In the next courtyard, the dead boy lies on a rug on the ground in front of a hut with a sheet over the lower half his body. With the help of two other men, the father pour water over the boy's neck and chest and washes his skin w a sponge. Another man sits on the floor binding bamboo po together with lengths of rope to make the frame of a stretcher. A young woman kneels on the ground, watching. She is in shock. She is the mother.
27) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack wait with their luggage stacked large pile at the side of a dirt highway. They wear their suits again. The teenaged boy in the school uniform stand Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 48 49 70. next to them. He has a pink handkerchief in his shirt poc Silence. Peter turns to the boy and says suddenly:
28) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack climb into the crowded bus and w toward the back. The other passengers hold bundles of fab bags of grain, etc. They all stare from their seats as Francis, Peter, and Jack make their way down the aisle to back. Francis, Peter, and Jack jam their hand-baggage into an overhead rack. A young man with two earrings quickly move patched up, old, cardboard box out of the way, and they squeeze into their seats. A skinny, old man in a multi- colored turban smiles at Francis brightly. Francis waves hello and nods wearily. The old man asks politely:
29) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack come out of a hut. They are dres in their white pajamas and rabbit slippers. They walk pas three-wheeled flat-bed truck as two men in white tunics approach carrying the body of the dead boy. It is strappe the bamboo stretcher and wrapped in white silk with strin of flowers all over it. The men place it on the back of t truck. Francis, Peter, and Jack pick up some stray flower off the ground and add them to the pile on the body. Francis, Peter, and Jack walk past a camel towing a cart filled with men in long white shirts and white pants. The help an old woman climb onto the back. They continue arou Miniature step-van with three boys in white loin-cloths standing on the rear bumper. Peter takes Francis' and Jac hands and holds them as they walk. They arrive at a green auto-rickshaw with a yellow vinyl top. They get inside. The driver puts the auto-rickshaw in gear, and the entire procession pulls away. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 51 72. cur TO: 51 A cross-street on the upper east side of Manhattan. Franc Peter, and Jack ride together in the back seat of a black limousine. They wear black suits with black shirts and bl neck-ties. Francis' face is perfectly intact. He has a pe thin moustache. Jack has no moustache. A thirty year-old woman in a black coat with a black dress sits opposite th in the jump-seat. She looks calm and concerned. She has freckles and an English accent. She is Alice. A plastic card tucked under the windshield on the dashboa reads Radio Car 1121 across the top and has Whitman Funer hand-written beneath. There is a long antenna with a wire coiled in a spiral around the base mounted on the hood an C.B.-type radio with a handset next to the steering wheel Francis, Peter, Jack, Alice, and the driver all smoke cigarettes. Each stares off in a different direction. Silence.
29) 3) dialog: He didn't really mean it.
29) 5) dialog: When does Mom get in?
29) 11) dialog: Let's do this later.
29) 44) dialog: This one's mine. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77.
29) 46) dialog: I'm taking this suitcase. Peter looks up from under the hood of the Porsche and say suddenly:
29) 48) dialog: I don't know. Peter turns to the mechanic and says abruptly:
29) 51) dialog: I guess he never read my book.
29) 53) dialog: The envelope's never been opened. Jack rips open the envelope.
29) 54) text: A hard-back book with a picture of a pink, cut-glass bott of perfume on the dust-jacket. The label on the bottle re Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 78. Voltaire No. 6, La Petite Mort. The title of the book is Invisible Ink and Other Stories by Jack Whitman. A card sticking out of the top says Compliments of the Author. Peter rolls a large console with a power cord trailing be it out of the garage, over to the Porsche, banging agains fenders and walls along the way. The mechanic comes out a him. A bell rings, and a woman's voice says over a loudspeaker:
29) 78) dialog: Pop it! Peter pops the clutch. The car jerks, jolts, and skids to stop with a screech. A pick-up truck jams on its brakes a nearly slams into the side of the Porsche. Peter yells ou the window.
29) 80) dialog: What do you want? The man hesitates. He yells in disbelief:
30) 0) text: The driver puts the car in gear and accelerates up the bl Jack says suddenly:
30) 1) dialog: Who called?
30) 5) dialog: Is Mom there?
31) 0) text: A bank of stone steps descend into the water. Lit candles glow in glass jars. Two attendants carry the body on the bamboo stretcher down the steps with the father, the doct and the other men from the village. The two attendants place the dead boy's body on a platfor stacked logs. The boy's face is circled with flowers. The from the village place more logs over the body and place over the stacked logs. The father shakes badly as he wash the dead boy's feet. A frail, little man with white hair presses dots of red powder onto Francis', Peter's, and Jack's foreheads. An attendant sprays the funeral pyre with purple fuel from a plastic squeeze-bottle. The father helps one of the survi boys to light it on fire. The flames jump and spread. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch the father and the two surviving boys walk in circles around the burning pyre.
32) 0) text: Francis and Jack lie asleep on a large cot with a woven r mattress. Peter sits up in bed between them, smoking a cigarette in the dark. Dogs bark and howl in the distance Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 58 59 83.
33) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack wait with their luggage stacked large pile at the side of the dirt highway. They wear the suits again. The teenaged boy in the school uniform stand next to them. Silence. The doctor from the village comes from around a corner an walks over to Francis, Peter, and Jack. They watch him curiously. He checks his watch. He looks down the highway smiles gently. Three of the men from the funeral walk out of a shop. The fall in with Francis, Peter, Jack, the boy, and the docto They look down the highway. Francis, Peter, and Jack star them. Five women in white saris hurry over and join the group. look down the highway. Francis, Peter, and Jack look at e other, confused. The dead boy's parents and the two surviving children approach along the side of the road as men, women, and children come from every direction. Francis', Peter's, an Jack's mouths fall slowly open. The bus appears in the distance. The teenaged boy whips h handkerchief out of his pocket, fluttering it as he steps into the road. The bus arrives and stops. The doors open. The men from the village quickly collect Francis', Peter' and Jack's luggage, hoisting it onto the roof and handing through the windows of the bus. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch quietly. All the villagers gather around. They press their hands together and bow. Francis, Peter, and Jack nod and bow in return. They shake men's hands and pat children on their heads and shoulders. They hesitate uncertainly and look o last time at the waiting people. They wave goodbye. Some the villagers say thank you and goodbye in English, other Hindi. Francis, Peter, and Jack climb onto the bus. The doors cl and the bus drives away.
34) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack sit together in the front row. T stare ahead in silence. They look suddenly devastated. Th light cigarettes. Jack puts his hand out the window to fe the wind. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 60 61 62 84.
35) 0) text: Two black and yellow taxis pull up to the curb in front o aging, local airport. A sign above the driveway reads Departures. Francis, Peter, and Jack get out of the first taxi. Porters in red turbans quickly gather to help them their luggage from the trunk. The porters unpack more lug out of a second taxi. They pile suitcases onto a cart and carry bags on their heads. Francis pays the drivers. He walks with Peter, Jack, and porters across the sidewalk, past a soldier wearing a bla beret, into the terminal.
36) 0) text: Francis, Peter, Jack, and the porters walk through the terminal, over to a ticket counter. The name of the airli is written on the wall in Hindi. A woman behind the count wears a floral-patterned sari. Francis sets his, Peter's, Jack's passports onto the counter and says:
36) 7) dialog: Who's he talking to? Peter looks. Francis is at a telephone stand in the middl a call. A telephone stand attendant waits beside him.
36) 14) dialog: I'll be right back. Jack walks away. The attendant sets three tiny cardboard of tea in front of Peter and Francis. Peter puts some rup on the counter. He takes a sip. He says suddenly with conviction:
36) 20) dialog: She's going to meet me in Italy.
36) 22) dialog: (sadly) I know. Jack takes a sip of tea. He looks surprised by the taste. sniffs it. Peter drinks his in one swig and says suddenly
36) 27) dialog: (softly) Yeah, we liked her. Francis frowns. He points across the terminal.
36) 29) dialog: Alice, I guess. Francis and Jack drink their shots of tea and whiskey. Pe comes back over to them. He looks highly emotional. Franc and Jack watch him tentatively. Peter says finally:
36) 34) dialog: It's a boy! Wow! Peter squints, mutters, and rubs his temples. Jack says delicately:
36) 35) dialog: Why were you yelling?
37) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack stand silently at the mirror. Ja trims his moustache with a pair of tiny grooming scissors Peter shaves. Francis brushes his teeth. A janitor rummag through a broom closet in the background. He takes out a and a bucket, goes to the door, and swings it open. Passengers and baggage handlers criss-cross in the doorwa and the room fills with airport noises. The room goes qui again as the door swings shut. Francis turns to Jack and says:
37) 3) dialog: (gently) You're getting there, though.
37) 5) dialog: Are you OK?
38) 0) text: An alcove next to the departure gate. There is a statue o altar of a man with the head of an elephant. Flowers are strewn around its base, and a candle burns in front of it Francis, Peter, and Jack sit quietly on the floor. They h orange stripes on their foreheads. They wave their hands the candle-flame and ritualistically presses the warmth i their hair. They close their eyes and press their palms together. Jack says thoughtfully:
38) 1) dialog: What should we pray for now? cur TO: 65 Francis, Peter, and Jack walking across the tarmac carryi their hand-baggage. A large, pale blue prop-plane with peeling paint waits alongside the runway with its engine running loudly. The name of the airline is written in Hin across the side of the fuselage. A flight attendant in a floral-patterned sari greets Francis, Peter, and Jack at bottom of the steps to the airplane. Francis extends the tickets toward the flight attendant. takes a hold of them -- but Francis does not let go. The flight attendant hesitates. Francis turns to Peter and Ja and yells something. Peter and Jack look confused. They y something back to Francis. Francis takes back the tickets Peter, and Jack confer in a huddle. The flight attendant frowns. She tries to grab the tickets again. Francis pull them away. She yells something and points up the steps urgently. Francis holds up one finger for her to wait. Pe motions to the sky suddenly. Francis points down at the ground. Jack gestures toward the countryside. A pilot com down to the bottom of the steps. He looks puzzled. He yel something to the flight attendant. She motions to Francis Peter, and Jack and shouts at them, agitated. Francis turns back to the flight attendant and yells something with finality. The flight attendant shakes her head, shouting angrily. Peter reaches into his pocket and Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca gl. pulls out a lighter. He takes the tickets from Francis, lights them on fire, and throws the burning pieces into t air. Jack goes over to the open baggage compartment door starts taking out their luggage.
39) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack riding in tandem on an old, gree motorcycle. A decal on the gas tank reads Hero Honda. Fra drives, smiling fiercely. A small, three-wheeled truck lo with Francis', Peter's, and Jack's bags, suitcases, and t follows close behind them. The vehicles on the road pass within inches of each other, dodging constantly.
40) 0) text: Francis, Peter, Jack, and a Tibetan guide wearing a stars stripes stocking cap walk four black horses and three mul strapped with all their luggage through the gates of the compound. The tack and saddles are hand-made and brightly colorful, and the horses' ears are distinctively pointed curved at the ends. Dozens of children in school uniforms of white shirts and cream-colored pants converge, circling giddily. Francis, Peter, and Jack look exhausted but enchanted. They are unshaven and windburned and wear long, wide, finely-woven scarves. Jack pets a baby lamb with a red dot on its forehead. Two peacocks walk by, stepping slowly. A tall woman in a white habit with her head bare and wild long hair comes out of an arched doorway and descends a s staircase. She is Patricia. She strides out to meet Franc Peter, and Jack. In one hand, she carries a dog-eared biography of Thomas Jefferson with numerous scraps of pap tucked in-between pages as book-marks. In her other hand, carries a piece of chalk and an eraser. She wears a thick leather utility belt with a hunting knife, a flashlight, a canteen attached to it. A young, Indian nun in a blue h follows close behind her. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch intently as Patricia approaches. She starts talking fifty feet before she arri Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 92.
40) 17) dialog: (surprised) Really? We thought that was bullshit.
41) 0) text: A utility room next to a kitchen. Francis, Peter, and Jac hold piles of laundry in their arms. Patricia motions to teenaged girl standing next to her as she says to Francis Peter, and Jack:
42) 0) text: A small, white church with a large, bloody crucifix above altar. Patricia leads a hymn from the pulpit with three Indian nuns in blue habits. Another nun plays a plastic, electric organ. Francis, Peter, and Jack stand in a pew holding hymnals and singing with the rest of the congrega of children, teachers, and workers. A metal fan with fluttering ribbons attached to it whirs, rotating back an forth in the open doorway.
43) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack lie on three narrow cots in a sp white room overlooking the edge of the cliff. They are dressed in their white pajamas. There is a crucifix above bed, an illustration of St. Francis above another, and th Virgin Mary above the third. There is a plastic bottle of water next to each bunk. An electric mosquito coil is plu into the wall. Peter's candle burns on a night-table. The trunk and suitcases are laid out in a row on the floor. S are open with laundry strewn around them. Wind rattles th window-panes, and a light rain falls on the metal roof. Patricia sits on the end of Jack's bed with her hands fol in her lap. She says energetically:
43) 22) dialog: But why didn't you come to Dad's funeral?
43) 27) dialog: What about us? Patricia hesitates. She turns around and looks back over shoulder. She looks back to Francis, Peter, and Jack. She turns around and looks back over her shoulder again. She looks back to Francis, Peter, and Jack. She points to an imaginary person behind her and says:
43) 35) dialog: It's OK.
43) 43) dialog: (shrugs) You want to come home with us, anyway -- voluntarily? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 100.
43) 49) dialog: Yeah.
44) 0) text: The next morning. Francis and Peter are asleep. Jack sits an open window seat writing furiously in his manila note book. He still wears his white pajamas. There is a tray o sliced mango, scrambled eggs, corn flakes, porridge, oran juice, and instant coffee on the table behind him. Franci sits up slowly on the edge of his bed. He stretches his a and yawns. He says groggily:
44) 2) dialog: She's gone.
44) 4) dialog: I was still asleep, but Oberoi saw her go. She left our breakfast in the doorway.
44) 11) dialog: They couldn't say. They just said she goes away sometimes. Silence. Francis, Peter, and Jack go over to the table an sit down. They start eating their breakfast. Francis stop light snaps on in his eyes. He stands quickly, knocking a Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 72 103. his chair, and strides across the room. He opens his briefcase and takes out the manila envelope. He reaches i it and withdraws the leftover peacock feather. He looks t Peter and Jack. Peter and Jack nod. They follow Francis out the door, thr a small kitchen, onto the grounds. They go down a path al the edge of the cliff, past the bell, and stop on a wide, grassy plateau. A curtain of mist hangs over the hillside river runs slowly into the distance far, far below. Francis slowly extends the feather out in front of him. J looks hopeful. Peter's eyes narrow defiantly. Francis tak deep breath, determined. They lean slowly toward the feat and blow on it all at once. They kneel down together, dig hole in the ground with their hands, and bury the feather They stand up. They each perform a different, improvised ritualistic gesture. They look off, beyond the edge of th cliff. They look slightly electrified. Francis says gentl
44) 14) dialog: I'm working on a new short story. I wrote the ending, but I don't know how it starts.
44) 16) dialog: Whatever happens in the end, she said, I don't want to lose you as my friend. He looked into her eyes. I promise I will never be your friend, no matter what, ever. Her voice cracked. If we fuck, I'm going to feel like shit tomorrow. That's OK with me, he said. He lifted her shirt over her head. I love you, she said. I never hurt you on purpose. He nodded. I don't care. (looking up to Francis and Peter) He would not be going to Italy. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 73 74 104. Francis and Peter smile slightly. Jack shrugs.
44) 17) dialog: Does that sound OK? Francis nods, considering this.
44) 20) dialog: (hesitates) The characters are all -- Jack sighs. He smiles sadly:
44) 21) dialog: Thanks.
45) 0) text: A train station on the edge of a small town in the mounta Francis, Peter, and Jack run through the terminal carryin their suitcases accompanied by two porters in red turbans pulling the rest of their luggage on a cart. They race ou onto the platform.
46) 0) text: Bells are ringing. Wheels are clacking. Smoke is blowing. train is already pulling out, and Francis, Peter, Jack, a the two porters run alongside the tracks behind it. A teenager with wavy hair and a trumpet at his side watches calmly from a deck at the rear of the caboose. A sign abo his head reads The Bengal Lancer with a picture of a leap tiger below it. Francis', Peter's, Jack's, and the two porters' shoes sla along the cement. They start gaining on the train. The tr picks up speed. The porters grit their teeth. Francis egg them on. They begin to lose ground. Francis turns to Pete and Jack and yells over the sound of the engine’s whistle
47) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack walk quickly through two cars an enter a third. Francis pulls three tickets out of his coa pocket and checks the numbers next to each compartment do as they go down the corridor.
48) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack sit looking out the window. Ther a knock on the door. Francis slides it open. A thirty-yea old man with a beard stands in the corridor with a hole- puncher in his hand. He wears a pink silk turban and a Ne jacket with Chief Steward embroidered onto it.
48) 5) dialog: Why not? The stewardess sets three cups of juice onto the table. S dips her fingertip into a little, metal bowl of yellow po and presses it carefully onto Francis', Peter's, and Jack foreheads. She goes back into the corridor. She smiles. S shuts the door. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 106. Francis looks back and forth between Peter and Jack inten Peter and Jack stare back at him, curious. Francis reache into his pocket and takes out Peter's and Jack's passport He holds them out to them. They do not move. Peter says finally:
48) 7) dialog: It's safer if you keep them. Silence. Francis nods slowly. He put the passports back i his pocket. He exhales evenly. He says suddenly: