40) 0) text: Francis, Peter, Jack, and a Tibetan guide wearing a stars stripes stocking cap walk four black horses and three mul strapped with all their luggage through the gates of the compound. The tack and saddles are hand-made and brightly colorful, and the horses' ears are distinctively pointed curved at the ends. Dozens of children in school uniforms of white shirts and cream-colored pants converge, circling giddily. Francis, Peter, and Jack look exhausted but enchanted. They are unshaven and windburned and wear long, wide, finely-woven scarves. Jack pets a baby lamb with a red dot on its forehead. Two peacocks walk by, stepping slowly. A tall woman in a white habit with her head bare and wild long hair comes out of an arched doorway and descends a s staircase. She is Patricia. She strides out to meet Franc Peter, and Jack. In one hand, she carries a dog-eared biography of Thomas Jefferson with numerous scraps of pap tucked in-between pages as book-marks. In her other hand, carries a piece of chalk and an eraser. She wears a thick leather utility belt with a hunting knife, a flashlight, a canteen attached to it. A young, Indian nun in a blue h follows close behind her. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch intently as Patricia approaches. She starts talking fifty feet before she arri Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 92.
40) 1) dialog: Didn't you get my letter? I told you to come back in the spring. Francis turns to Peter and Jack. He shrugs.
40) 3) dialog: (sharply) Of course not. Welcome! My beautiful boys! Patricia starts crying. She says as she hugs and kisses Francis, Peter, and Jack:
40) 4) dialog: Francie. Peter. Little Jack. The children watch curiously. Patricia takes a deep breat She says to Francis suddenly:
40) 5) dialog: What happened to your face? Francis starts to answer. He changes his mind and starts say something else. He shrugs. He smiles.
40) 7) dialog: I'm sorry to hear that. There's so many things we don't know about each other, aren't there? Everyone here's an orphan, by the way. You should feel right at home. Patricia turns to the Indian nun and says:
40) 8) dialog: Sashi, let's put them in the white cottage. (to Francis, Peter, and Jack) It's got some mice, but there's a glorious view. (to the nun) Fill the room with flowers, and tell (MORE )
40) 10) dialog: everyone my sons have come, after all. I want all of us to meet them. Patricia turns away suddenly. She hurls her chalkboard er with a snap and shouts angrily:
40) 11) dialog: Get the hell out of here! Francis, Peter, and Jack look across the compound. A whit monkey ducks and scrambles over the wall. Patricia shakes head.
40) 12) dialog: Some people seem to think they're charming. They snatch fruit out of your hands with their little leather fingers. I don't find them very amusing. Francis, Peter, and Jack nod. Patricia turns to the guide asks warmly:
40) 13) dialog: Who's this?
40) 16) dialog: (with authority) I told him to lock up your horses. There's a tiger.
40) 18) dialog: (quickly) You call that bullshit? Patricia points to some animal tracks along the edge of t wall. Francis, Peter, and Jack look unconvinced but impressed.
40) 19) dialog: He ate one of the sister's brothers. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
40) 22) dialog: I'm not kidding. Francis, Peter, and Jack fall silent. They look all aroun them and listen. A wind comes through the pass. Patricia closes her eyes and begins to pray quickly under her brea
41) 0) text: A utility room next to a kitchen. Francis, Peter, and Jac hold piles of laundry in their arms. Patricia motions to teenaged girl standing next to her as she says to Francis Peter, and Jack:
41) 1) dialog: Separate the lights from the darks, and give everything to Sandyha. Patricia points to Peter and says to the teenaged girl:
41) 2) dialog: Doesn't he have the most beautiful eyes? The teenaged girl laughs. Patricia walks into the kitchen while Francis, Peter, and Jack hand their laundry to the teenaged girl. They follow Patricia. Patricia picks up a ladle and tastes a broth cooking in a cauldron on the sto
41) 3) dialog: This is kind of like soup. (to Francis and Peter) You'll like it, and you'll like it. Patricia holds the ladle while Francis and Peter taste th broth. They look pleased. Patricia turns to Jack:
41) 4) dialog: You'll like this. Patricia lifts a little ball of dough out of another pot a spoon. Jack takes a bite. He nods appreciatively. Patri says to him regretfully:
41) 5) dialog: Why'd you grow a moustache? Jack shrugs. Patricia looks up above her and snaps her fingers. A metal teapot lowers down to her on a rope. She pours herself a cup and leads Francis, Peter, and Jack in vestibule. There is a silver bowl on a shelf. Patricia di her finger into it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 69 70 95.
41) 6) dialog: It's Ash Wednesday. Patricia marks a cross on Francis', Peter's, and Jack's foreheads with the ash.
42) 0) text: A small, white church with a large, bloody crucifix above altar. Patricia leads a hymn from the pulpit with three Indian nuns in blue habits. Another nun plays a plastic, electric organ. Francis, Peter, and Jack stand in a pew holding hymnals and singing with the rest of the congrega of children, teachers, and workers. A metal fan with fluttering ribbons attached to it whirs, rotating back an forth in the open doorway.
43) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack lie on three narrow cots in a sp white room overlooking the edge of the cliff. They are dressed in their white pajamas. There is a crucifix above bed, an illustration of St. Francis above another, and th Virgin Mary above the third. There is a plastic bottle of water next to each bunk. An electric mosquito coil is plu into the wall. Peter's candle burns on a night-table. The trunk and suitcases are laid out in a row on the floor. S are open with laundry strewn around them. Wind rattles th window-panes, and a light rain falls on the metal roof. Patricia sits on the end of Jack's bed with her hands fol in her lap. She says energetically:
43) 1) dialog: What do we want for breakfast? Jack, you'll like the porridge. Peter? Fresh Mango? And corn flakes for you, Francie. Now who wants scrambled eggs? Raise your hand. Patricia raises her hand. Francis, Peter, and Jack reluctantly raise their hands, too.
43) 2) dialog: 
43) 4) dialog: What's on fire in that hideous little flower pot? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 96.
43) 6) dialog: (pause) It's darling. Tell her I said so.
43) 8) dialog: of course, I do. Good-night, boys. Patricia goes from one bed to the next, kissing Francis, Peter, and Jack good-night on the lips. She walks across room. She stops at the suitcases on the floor and looks a them. The trunk is on its end. On top of it, there are th tiny, hand-cranked music boxes in a row. Patricia winds o few turns, listening. She smiles at Jack. She switches of the light and opens the door. Peter says softly:
43) 10) dialog: Uh-huh?
43) 14) dialog: (quietly) What son? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 97.
43) 16) dialog: I'm in shock. Is this for real? Peter nods. Patricia says firmly:
43) 17) dialog: You should be with Alice.
43) 19) dialog: So that's why you came here. To make me feel guilty.
43) 21) dialog: (pained) I miss you, too.
43) 23) dialog: (simply) Because I didn't want to. He was dead. Pause. Patricia takes a deep breath. She says, frustrated
43) 24) dialog: What's wrong with us? Why are we talking about this? (to Peter) We should be celebrating!
43) 26) dialog: I live here. These people need me. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 98.
43) 28) dialog: You're talking to her. Francis, Peter, and Jack look confused. Patricia continue
43) 29) dialog: You're talking to someone else -- not me. I don't have the answers to these questions, and I don't see myself this way. (gently) Pretend I'm a lawyer, and you're paying me $250 an hour. How can I help you? Francis, Peter, and Jack are speechless. Patricia says finally:
43) 30) dialog: I'm sorry we lost your father. We'll never get over it -- but it's OK. There are greater forces at work. Yes, the past happened -- but it's over, isn't it?
43) 32) dialog: I told you not to come here. Why is everything so hard for you? A line of blood runs quickly from Patricia's nose. Franci Peter, and Jack look stunned.
43) 33) dialog: It's probably not the best time for us to discuss this right now. Patricia starts to stand up, but Francis moves toward her says calmly: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 99.
43) 38) dialog: What happened? Did the light change? Did he cross without looking? Did the taxi swerve and hit him?
43) 40) dialog: Did I do wrong? I wasn't ready to be a mother. I regret it. (sincerely) of course, I regret it. Patricia looks down at the floor. Francis says quietly:
43) 42) dialog: (smiles) How sweet. That would've been fun.
43) 44) dialog: (genuinely) I can't do that, baby. Silence. Francis says suddenly:
43) 46) dialog: Of course. Don't you know that? Simultaneously: Francis shrugs, Peter shakes his head, an Jack nods. Patricia swallows hard.
43) 47) dialog: Maybe we can express ourselves more fully if we don't say it in words. Should we try that? Francis, Peter, and Jack look intrigued. Patricia sits up straight. She waves her hand, signalling to begin. She st at Francis, Peter, and Jack, focussing intently. They loo back at her, slightly confused. They try to communicate w their eyes. Patricia listens and responds silently. She suddenly grasps something. Outside, a tall boy pulls on a rope, ringing the bell. On the orphans asleep in a bunk wakes up and listens -- then another and another. Rita leans out the window of the tra smoking a cigarette. Her hair is tied in a knot on top of head, and she eats nuts from a bag of Savory Snacks. The chief steward lies asleep in his bunk on a bedroll with h unrolled turban draped on a hook above him. His compartme is dark except for a small night-light, and the red snake in a small terrarium on his desk. The two surviving broth from the village sleep on a hammock in their hut. Their father sits awake outside petting a dog. A very pregnant Alice sleeps in her apartment as the morning light and so of the city street filter in through a window. The mechan from the auto-shop sits alone dressed in pajamas at a kit table drinking a cup of coffee. He watches a Formula One on a portable television set. Brendan sits upright, sleep peacefully, with a bright blue blanket wrapped around him an overnight flight. The businessman from the beginning o the movie rides in a chair on the rear deck of a caboose, looking out into the dark plain. Deep in the forest, a ti lies stretched in the grass under a tree. (NOTE: with each cut, a sound is added -- bell ringing, wheels clacking, snake hissing, dogs barking, city street Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 71 101. race-cars, jet engines, steam whistle, and jungle birds. noises build to a roar.) Silence. The bell rings one last time. The Tibetan guide listens in the dark, sitting on a mat among the horses wi rifle slung over his shoulder. Lights go out all around t compound. Tears stream down Patricia's face. She wipes her eyes, cl her hands together, and stands up. She says, lost and daz
43) 48) dialog: All right. Let's make an agreement: A.) We'll get an early start tomorrow morning and try to enjoy each others' company here in this beautiful place. B.) We'll stop feeling sorry for ourselves. It's not very attractive. C.) We'll make our plans for the future. Can we agree to that?
43) 53) dialog: (pause) To be continued. Patricia kisses Francis, Peter, and Jack again. She walks the door, ties the white scarf over her head, goes out, a closes the door behind her. Francis, Peter, and Jack look each other. They switch off the light and get back into t beds.