0) 8) dialog: Wake up, Jack. Jack opens his eyes and closes his mouth. He sits up and looks at Peter. He blinks a few times and clears his thro He laughs. Peter laughs. They both take out cigarettes an light them. Jack says significantly, raising his eyebrows
0) 18) dialog: That sounds good. The stewardess sets three cups of juice onto the table. S dips her fingertip into a little, metal bowl of red powde and carefully presses a dot onto each of their foreheads. Francis' dot goes on his bandages. The stewardess goes back into the corridor, looks at Jack an instant, and shuts the door. Francis, Peter, and Jack drink their cups of juice. They look pleased. Francis say suddenly:
0) 20) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack walk quickly through the train, balancing against the walls and windows as the cars jolt and forth. Francis limps and swings his cane. They light cigarettes.
0) 22) dialog: You’re welcome.
0) 26) dialog: (moved but uneasy) Thank you!
0) 34) dialog: 
0) 38) dialog: I guess so.
0) 42) text: A type-written card with Travel Itinerary printed across top and a detailed list of trains, times, hotels, cities, phone numbers, etc. below. Peter and Jack look puzzled.
0) 43) dialog: Who’s Brendan? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 45) dialog: (puzzled) How’s he going to do that?
0) 50) dialog: It sounds good. Sure.
0) 53) dialog: I do.
0) 55) dialog: What happened to your face? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 56) text: Clouds, stars, and a moon are painted on the ceiling. The room is filled with people seated for dinner. Waiters in green, silk uniforms rush around taking orders. Francis, Peter, and Jack drink whiskey highballs. They share a tab with a grey-haired man dressed in a white tunic reading a Hindi newspaper. There is a bowl of nuts in front of them Peter listens with his glasses lifted up.
0) 58) dialog: Wow.
0) 62) dialog: No.
0) 67) dialog: Some kind of Indian muscle-relaxer. I got it at the pharmacy next to the train station. You don't need a prescription here. Jack nods. He takes out a bottle of purple syrup labelled Narco-Cough with instructions in Hindi on it out of his o yellow plastic sack. He pours a capful, drinks it, then t a swig directly from the bottle.
0) 70) dialog: What's that?
0) 78) dialog: Maybe right before whenever you're about to take out your tooth, you should say something like, “Please, forgive this.” Because it's, actually, kind of -- Francis recoils slightly, putting his hand to his face.
0) 85) dialog: (shaking his head) Nothing. It just reminded me of something not related to it. Jack looks slightly disappointed. The waiter comes over t the table with a tray of whiskey highballs. He serves the and says: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 12.
0) 91) dialog: (hesitates) Yeah. Francis reaches across the table and takes Peter's sungla off. He puts them on himself. He squints.
0) 94) dialog: Can you not order for me, please? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 13.
0) 96) dialog: Order for yourself. Peter resumes reading the short story. Francis asks him:
0) 98) dialog: She's fine. She started a company making these little clay pots. They're, actually, kind of popular. We sent you one.
0) 101) dialog: These Germans are bothering me. Peter immediately turns to the women and says aggressivel
0) 102) dialog: Ladies! The women turn quickly to Peter, startled.
0) 103) dialog: Please, keep it down. Lower your voices, thank you. The women look offended but intimidated. Silence. Francis says abstractly, hopefully: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 14.
0) 106) dialog: She's pregnant. Alice.
0) 108) dialog: No.
0) 110) dialog: Seven-and-a-half months.
0) 112) dialog: I think so. I'm trying not to get too caught up in it right now. Jack looks puzzled. Peter sees Francis on his way back th table. He says quickly:
0) 113) dialog: Don't tell Francis. Jack hesitates. Francis says as he sits down:
0) 117) dialog: am. Peter folds up the sheaf of pages and puts it into his pocket. Francis and Jack stare at him. Peter says finally
0) 118) dialog: Is it supposed to be sad?
0) 120) dialog: Well, I'm not crazy about the part where I start screaming at the mechanic. That never happened.
0) 125) dialog: (pause) The cookies. The waiter goes away. Peter stands up.
0) 126) dialog: Excuse me. Peter walks to the lavatory at the end of the car and goe inside. Francis whispers to Jack:
1) 0) text: Peter stands at the sink with the short story in his hand He re-reads a passage, trembling slightly. He has tears a over his face. He folds up the sheaf of pages and puts it back into his pocket. He pops another pill out of his str pack and swallows it. He takes a deep breath.
2) 0) text: The bunks have been prepared with white sheets and blanke with The Darjeeling Limited embroidered onto them. The do is open to the adjoining compartment. Francis, Peter, and Jack are dressed in white pajamas. Jack has on a yellow bathrobe with Hotel Chevalier stitched into the lapel. Th transistor radio plays the evening news in Hindi on the windowsill. Francis takes out one of his vials of amber liquid and dr three drops into each of their whiskey highballs. He poin at the bottom bunk and says: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 17.
2) 4) dialog: Hello, Brendan.
2) 9) dialog: Well, I don't know about his face, but I think his brain might be pretty traumatized. Emotionally, I mean.
2) 33) dialog: (hesitates) What do you mean? He said until the end of the month.
2) 35) dialog: (suspicious) Why do you ask that?
2) 37) dialog: What plans?
2) 39) dialog: (irritated) Well, I'm not going to stay here with just me and him. The compartment door opens, and Francis comes back inside Jack points at Peter's candle and says immediately:
2) 42) dialog: 
2) 48) dialog: (hesitates) Yeah. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 17 21.
4) 0) text: Francis and Peter take swigs of cough medicine. Peter say suddenly: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 20 23.
4) 1) dialog: Jack's got his own return ticket. He says he might leave early.
4) 3) dialog: Don't tell him I told you.
4) 8) dialog: I'm going to keep mine.
6) 0) text: Francis lies in the bottom bunk, and Peter is in the top bunk. The door slides open, and Jack comes in.
6) 8) dialog: Something just happened. Jack gets up and goes into the adjoining compartment. He opens one of his suitcases. He digs among his socks and t out a small package wrapped in brown paper and string. On end of it has already been opened. He pulls something out it.
7) 0) text: Three A.M. The train has stopped at a quiet station. Outs the window, people and dogs sleep on the platform, and a vendor wheels a cart alongside the tracks. Inside compart 40/41, the lights are out, and a cricket is chirping. Fra wakes up. He sees Peter leaning down over the side of his bunk, staring out the window in the darkness. He turns ov and looks out the window, too. Jack stands at a public telephone stand on the other side of the platform listeni with the receiver to his ear and a blank expression on hi face. He wears his bathrobe and pajamas. A telephone boot attendant sits next to him. A meter clicks numbers. Franc frowns.
7) 2) dialog: No one. He got the code to his ex- girlfriend's answering machine, and he's checking her messages. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 26.
7) 4) dialog: Just now.
7) 7) dialog: Me, neither. Anyway, I never trusted her. Francis nods. The compartment door slides open. Jack come inside and shuts it behind him. He looks sad, confused, a highly emotional. He says quietly in the darkness:
7) 20) dialog: Could she be gaslighting you?
8) 3) dialog: Can I get these in, say, a ten-and-a- half, medium?
8) 12) dialog: (hesitates) Can I borrow it? Pause. Francis says tensely:
8) 21) dialog: I'll be right back.
8) 23) dialog: I'm going to go pray at a different thing. 31. Peter stands up and walks away across the temple. Jack st at Francis.
9) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack descend the temple steps. Teenag boys behind them walk in pairs, holding hands. Francis sa enthusiastically:
9) 2) dialog: Yeah. Amazing.
9) 6) dialog: (confused) Who?
9) 14) dialog: You told him? Jack sighs. Francis says eagerly:
9) 16) dialog: (quietly) Because I don't want to talk about it.
9) 18) dialog: I guess because I always expected I'd eventually get divorced, so having children wasn't, actually, part of my plan.
9) 21) dialog: (agitated) I don't know. I love Alice! Maybe it relates to how we were raised. Francis nods. He shakes his head. He says, moved:
9) 28) dialog: They’‘re playing cricket with a tennis ball. The ball bounces into the street. Peter races over to it kicks it as hard as he can. It nails a wall and bounces b into him. He stops it and dribbles crazily toward the laughing boys. He feints and dodges one of them, then kic the ball against a cement post. One of the boys intercept on the rebound. Francis and Jack look surprised. Peter ke his cigarette in his mouth and his hands in his pockets w he plays. He yells sharply:
9) 29) dialog: Give me the ball! One of the boys throws the ball to Peter. Peter bounces i couple of times on the ground, then attempts a wild, wind style cricket pitch. A boy with a cricket bat swats it ba hard. Peter turns and ducks but gets hit in the back. The shoe-shine boy watches from over a fence. He holds th snakeskin loafer tucked under his arm.
10) 0) text: A green, three-wheeled taxi with a yellow vinyl roof. Francis, Peter, and Jack ride three abreast in the back. driver has a long moustache with curving, twisted ends. T drive weaving through a chaotic spice market. Francis is Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 28 29 36. reading Jack's short story. Peter carefully lifts the top flap of the cardboard box and stares inside. A young man bicycle pedals alongside them. He smiles, puts out his ha and shouts cheerily without slowing down:
11) 0) text: Francis runs limping and hobbling on his cane with Peter Jack helping him behind the moving train trying to catch as it pulls out of the station. They jump onto the rear d one by one.
12) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack stand in the corridor outside a small compartment. There are two lap-top computers, a printer, a set of guidebooks, a map of Asia, a bulletin board, and a laminating machine inside. Brendan looks out them from the open doorway. He hands Francis a manila envelope. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
12) 14) dialog: I can't accept this. It's too valuable.
13) 0) text: The blinds are shut, and the sun comes in at the edges of windows. Peter lies in the top bunk under the sheets with sleeping mask on. The cardboard box with the skull-and- crossbones on it is beside him. Francis reclines in the l bunk, and Jack is in the adjoining room. They both lie on of their covers, fully dressed but asleep. Jack has a tow over his face. Numerous drug strip-packs, bottles, and vi cover the vanity. Empty highball glasses and cigarette bu litter the room. There is a knock on the door. Francis op his eyes. He frowns and shouts:
13) 8) dialog: (whispering intensely) There's a hole in it. He escaped.
13) 12) dialog: Where is he? Francis and Jack shake their heads. Peter scans the room intently. He looks terrified.
13) 13) dialog: There he is! Peter throws open the compartment door and darts out into corridor. Francis and Jack race out after him, knocking a open suitcase out of the room and breaking a glass.
14) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack cower halfway down the car. Pete shouts furiously:
14) 1) dialog: Now you believe me, assholes? The two German women, an elderly couple, and the grey-hai all man watch standing in their compartment doorways. The chief steward strides down the corridor with Rita behind He sees shirts, socks, and broken glass on the floor. He looks to Francis, Peter, and Jack with an incredulous expression. Francis says reluctantly:
15) 0) text: The chief steward moves slowly through the room, observin the clothes, personal articles, airline bottles of liquor and dirty ashtrays strewn everywhere. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch, uneasy. The chief steward says gravely:
15) 13) dialog: Is our snake getting confiscated? The chief steward looks stupefied. He cannot bring himsel answer. He slides open the door, walks out of the compartment, and slams the door shut behind him. Peter squints, mutters, and rubs his temples. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
16) 0) text: A vast, white, marble room with an elaborate gold altar a the front. A large number of people sit on the floor chan and praying. The men have beards and wear turbans, and th women wear long scarves draped over their heads. Two old type at an outdated computer with a dot-matrix printer. People circled around them sing a changing verse in Punja over and over. Francis, Peter, and Jack sit near the back of the crowd. wears a different brightly-colored silk handkerchief knot awkwardly around his head. Francis' eyes are closed and h hands are folded. He leans forward and presses his face t the floor. Peter bounces and hums with the music, singing along vaguely to himself. Jack looks up at a series of im tacked onto the wall. They depict men being scalped, beheaded, and boiled in oil. Jack looks intrigued. Franci opens his eyes and looks up to Peter and Jack. He frowns.
16) 3) dialog: I hope so.
17) 0) text: A high plain with dying trees, scrub, and rocks. There is nothing in sight. Francis, Peter, and Jack come out of th train in their pajamas. Peter and Jack have on rabbit slippers. Francis wears a rabbit slipper on one foot and loafer on the other. Peter ties knots in one of the handkerchiefs and wears it on his head. A few other passengers and train staff members lean out the windows o stand around curiously. Three maintenance engineers in gr jumpsuits tinker at the engine hatch with wrenches and a crowbar. A barefoot boy in khaki pants and a T-shirt stan on a cement post chewing on a hunk of sugar cane. Two waiters and a porter in a red turban sit crouched on ground around a large map with rocks holding down its corners. They talk quickly in Hindi. Brendan looks over t shoulders. Francis, Peter, and Jack approach them.
17) 4) dialog: He says the train's lost.
17) 29) dialog: (horrified) What makes you think she wants to see us?
17) 33) dialog: Well, aren't you kind of doing that right now?
17) 38) dialog: You didn't tell us because we never would've come here if we knew about it. Francis hesitates. Jack takes a hard swig from his bottle cough medicine. Peter says to himself:
17) 39) dialog: I'm going to hold this in for a little while. A camel walks by slowly in the distance. The chief stewar shouts from the train:
18) 0) text: The train is moving again. Francis, Peter, and Jack are dressed. They eat grilled cheese sandwiches. Francis says Peter and Jack:
18) 2) dialog: Fuck the itinerary. Francis sighs. He says suddenly to Peter, aside:
18) 4) dialog: (long pause) I don't think so.
18) 6) dialog: It means there's been too much Indian- giving over the years. Francis glares at Peter. Peter stares back at him impassively. Jack stands up and walks out of the room.
20) 0) text: Peter shaves at the vanity with his shirt off. He uses an old, silver razor. Francis lies on the bottom bunk smokin cigarette. Jack sits next to the window drinking a whiske highball. Francis frowns and says to Peter suddenly:
20) 2) dialog: (hesitates) Yeah.
20) 4) dialog: (uneasy) What?
20) 7) dialog: (shocked ) Why?
20) 9) dialog: That's a terrible thing to say.
20) 12) dialog: (steely) I was his favorite. He told me that with blood all over him, lying in the street, right before he died. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca +O ee 54. Peter walks out of the room, into the adjoining compartme Francis looks to Jack and shakes his head.
20) 16) dialog: Francis! Francis leans from the mirror into the adjoining doorway. Peter stands across from him with the belt in his hand. Francis says bluntly:
20) 18) dialog: Here's your belt. Peter throws the belt as hard as he can into Francis' fac The leather slaps across Francis’ eyes, and the buckle sn hard into the bandages on his forehead. A line of blood r quickly from beneath the gauze above his eyebrow down alo the side of his nose. Peter looks angry but worried. Jack mouth falls open. Francis charges into Peter, and they tangle into a furiou scrabbling clutch. They smash into the walls and doors as they try to bang their fists into each others’ faces. Fra hollers in pain:
20) 22) dialog: Yes, I do!
21) 0) text: The train is stopped at a deserted station. The doors to ticket office are closed and padlocked. Francis, Peter, a Jack stand on the platform next to their luggage in a lar pile. Their suitcases are partly unlatched, and bits of clothes stick out of them. A laundry bag has been hastily filled with shoes, books, toiletries, etc. Francis and Pe have brightly bloodshot eyes which they blink and squint, rubbing them continuously. Tears continue to stream down their faces. They wheeze. Francis' false tooth is now missing. (NOTE: it is never replaced.) Two porters in red turbans come out of the train and stac the printer and laminating machine with the luggage. Bren comes out after them wearing a bathrobe and carrying two duffel bags. He looks confused.
21) 9) dialog: (with contempt) He's not coming back. He just quit.
21) 13) dialog: (horrified) You killed him? The chief steward shrugs. Peter throws his hands up in th air, wounded. The chief steward slams the door shut and p the latch closed. Francis grits his teeth and whacks the with his cane. Peter sees the two German women watching f their open window. One of them says:
21) 15) dialog: Krauts! The German women close their window coolly, unfazed. Jack says to Francis:
21) 37) dialog: Obviously.
22) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack sit on their suitcases around a small fire made from sticks and garbage. Jack looks insid the paper sack. He takes out a foil packet of cocktail nu and crackers labelled Savory Snack and a bottle of airlin gin and hands them to Francis. He takes out a foil packet chocolates and caramels labelled Sweet Snack and a bottle airline vodka and hands them to Peter. He opens a bottle airline Grand Marnier and downs it in one sip. Silence.
22) 2) dialog: I'm sorry. Francis looks surprised. He nods and says with feeling:
22) 4) dialog: I wasn't trying to aim for your face.
22) 8) dialog: (softly) No.
22) 18) dialog: I didn't get that. I still have mine. Peter holds up his feather. Francis looks frustrated. He says, pained:
22) 21) dialog: I don't think Dad would've hated it.
22) 24) dialog: (pause) I don't know. I could barely understand him. He wasn't really breathing. Silence. Jack looks up at the stars.
22) 26) dialog: (pause) We might've had a better chance, I guess.
22) 28) dialog: (harshly) We're never coming back here. Let's just find an airport and go our separate ways. Jack takes out two airline bottles of rum and cognac and hands them to Francis and Peter. He says wistfully:
22) 30) dialog: Not really. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 41 64.
23) 0) text: Daybreak. Francis, Peter, and Jack walk together lugging their baggage along the banks of a fast-rushing river. Francis hits a bump with his trolley. A string snaps, and printer and laminating machine tip off the top of it and smash down onto the ground. Francis, Peter, and Jack paus They look down at the damaged printer and broken laminati machine. They look at each other. The start walking again Francis points:
23) 3) dialog: Go. Francis, Peter, and Jack drop their suitcases, sprint to river, and splash in, wading quickly into the deeper wate Jack loses his footing and starts to get swept away. He reaches out and shouts:
23) 9) dialog: We're OK! We're OK!
23) 11) dialog: Do you speak English? The boy nods with his eyes wide, trembling and terrified.
23) 12) dialog: Great! I'll be right back! I'm going see what's got you! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 43 66. Peter ducks underwater. The boy's eyes dart around nervou Peter resurfaces. He says, smiling warmly:
23) 13) dialog: You've got yourself all tangled up, don't you, pal? Well, I'm going to get you out of this! Sit tight! Peter starts ripping away at the tangled fabric. He tries make conversation:
23) 14) dialog: How old are you? The boy does not respond. Peter continues:
23) 15) dialog: Are you guys brothers? The boy does not answer. Peter pulls at a hunk of wire, straining to break the boy free.
23) 16) dialog: You don't want to say anything? (pause) Well, here's an icebreaker: my wife's pregnant! She's going to have a baby! Can you believe that? I'm scared! The boy laughs. Peter laughs.
23) 23) dialog: He's dead. He's dead.
23) 25) dialog: The rocks killed him.
23) 28) dialog: I didn't save mine. Everyone gathers around Peter, breathing hard. They look the dead boy. Peter looks to the oldest boy and asks:
23) 29) dialog: What's his name?
24) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack walk across the scrub, past bony grazing cows, with the two surviving boys. They are drenc and Peter is bloody. He carries the dead boy on his shoul A group of old women holding baskets of grain stop and st An small man with a wheelbarrow begins to walk alongside them, curious and concerned. Children gather, chattering nervously. Francis, Peter, and Jack reach the edge of a village. The are thatched huts and clay brick houses. Agitated people out to meet them, yelling in Hindi. More voices shout in distance. Dogs circle. A large man with a thick moustache and a horrified look o his face rushes up to Peter, shouting. He lifts the dead away, into his arms. He says something rapidly and grimac He is the father. He dashes into the village followed by two surviving boys and most of the bystanders. Francis, Peter, and Jack are left standing with the small and some other children, who all stare at them. A teenage boy in a school uniform of a red shirt and orange pants s something loudly to them in Hindi and darts off. Francis, Peter, and Jack look at each other, weary and lost. The teenaged boy comes back quickly carrying a metal pot fill with water. He offers it to them. Francis, Peter, and Jac share a drink.
25) 0) text: A small, open room on a courtyard. Brightly colored cards depicting deities and mythological scenes are tacked to t walls. Francis, Peter, Jack, and the two surviving boys s on the dirt floor at a low table. They wear white cloths wrapped around them, and Peter has a large bandage taped the side of his forehead. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 46 47 69. Numerous people come in and out of the room and cross bus through the courtyard speaking to each other in Hindi and shaking hands with and bowing to Francis, Peter, and Jack Everyone stares at them continuously with kind eyes. Wome saris attend to them, pouring cups of tea and serving bow of rice. A thin, smiling man drapes white towels over the shoulders. A tall man in a long, white shirt and glasses comes into room and walks through carrying a black doctor's bag. He bald and has a white beard. He opens the door to the next courtyard. There are chaotic shouts and continual, intens sobbing. He goes out and closes the door.
26) 0) text: Francis', Peter's, and Jack's suits, shirts, and socks ha drying from a clothesline outside. Five men in loin-cloth arrive with Francis', Peter's, and Jack's luggage, carryi the bags and suitcases on their heads and pulling the tru in a wagon. Francis lies on his back on a mat on the ground. Crouchin children stare down at him. A woman in a yellow sari holds a sleeping baby with its h sticking up funny. The baby's hand grips Peter's finger. Three men stand next to them, watching. One of them says something quietly in Hindi. The mother offers the baby fo Peter to hold. Peter breathes slowly as he takes the baby cradles it into his arms. Others gather closer. Peter loo up at the mother. He seems moved and dazed. Jack sits in the grass with three girls helping them stri flowers together in long strands. One of them picks up a beetle off the ground and throws it. In the next courtyard, the dead boy lies on a rug on the ground in front of a hut with a sheet over the lower half his body. With the help of two other men, the father pour water over the boy's neck and chest and washes his skin w a sponge. Another man sits on the floor binding bamboo po together with lengths of rope to make the frame of a stretcher. A young woman kneels on the ground, watching. She is in shock. She is the mother.
27) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack wait with their luggage stacked large pile at the side of a dirt highway. They wear their suits again. The teenaged boy in the school uniform stand Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 48 49 70. next to them. He has a pink handkerchief in his shirt poc Silence. Peter turns to the boy and says suddenly:
27) 1) dialog: Can you explain that I almost had him? The boy hesitates. He stares at Peter curiously. Peter continues:
27) 2) dialog: I lost him when we went off the rocks -- he was too slippery -- but I had him the whole rest of the time. (with a lump in his throat) I want them to know that. The boy says something in Hindi. Peter nods. A bus appears in the distance. The boy steps into the roa and whips the handkerchief out of his pocket. He waves it the air. The bus approaches and comes to a stop. It is decorated and personalized with colorful, hand-painted st flowers, and patterns which cover it entirely. cur TO: 48 Francis, Peter, and Jack at the top of a ladder attached the back of the bus. Several young passengers riding on t roof help them strap their trunk and suitcases to a lugga platform. A sign painted above the rear bumper reads Horn Please.
28) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack climb into the crowded bus and w toward the back. The other passengers hold bundles of fab bags of grain, etc. They all stare from their seats as Francis, Peter, and Jack make their way down the aisle to back. Francis, Peter, and Jack jam their hand-baggage into an overhead rack. A young man with two earrings quickly move patched up, old, cardboard box out of the way, and they squeeze into their seats. A skinny, old man in a multi- colored turban smiles at Francis brightly. Francis waves hello and nods wearily. The old man asks politely:
29) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack come out of a hut. They are dres in their white pajamas and rabbit slippers. They walk pas three-wheeled flat-bed truck as two men in white tunics approach carrying the body of the dead boy. It is strappe the bamboo stretcher and wrapped in white silk with strin of flowers all over it. The men place it on the back of t truck. Francis, Peter, and Jack pick up some stray flower off the ground and add them to the pile on the body. Francis, Peter, and Jack walk past a camel towing a cart filled with men in long white shirts and white pants. The help an old woman climb onto the back. They continue arou Miniature step-van with three boys in white loin-cloths standing on the rear bumper. Peter takes Francis' and Jac hands and holds them as they walk. They arrive at a green auto-rickshaw with a yellow vinyl top. They get inside. The driver puts the auto-rickshaw in gear, and the entire procession pulls away. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 51 72. cur TO: 51 A cross-street on the upper east side of Manhattan. Franc Peter, and Jack ride together in the back seat of a black limousine. They wear black suits with black shirts and bl neck-ties. Francis' face is perfectly intact. He has a pe thin moustache. Jack has no moustache. A thirty year-old woman in a black coat with a black dress sits opposite th in the jump-seat. She looks calm and concerned. She has freckles and an English accent. She is Alice. A plastic card tucked under the windshield on the dashboa reads Radio Car 1121 across the top and has Whitman Funer hand-written beneath. There is a long antenna with a wire coiled in a spiral around the base mounted on the hood an C.B.-type radio with a handset next to the steering wheel Francis, Peter, Jack, Alice, and the driver all smoke cigarettes. Each stares off in a different direction. Silence.
29) 1) dialog: I can't believe you just said that.
29) 7) dialog: I want to pick up the car. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52 73.
29) 9) dialog: Tell the driver to take a right. Alice checks her watch. Peter stands up out of the sunroo Francis, Jack, and Alice look at each other, uneasy. Fran and Jack stand up out of the sunroof with Peter. Francis anxiously:
29) 12) dialog: (with finality) No, I want to get it now. Peter sits back down in the car. He digs into his pockets pulls out a folded up slip of paper and opens it. It is a auto-shop estimate with a business card stapled to the to He tears the business card off the paper, leans forward, taps on the divider.
29) 13) dialog: Excuse me. I'm sorry. We need to make a stop first at this address. Peter presses the business card to the glass. The driver turns around and looks at it.
29) 16) dialog: Go ahead. I'll be right behind you. Alice says uncertainly, leaning out of the open car door: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 74.
29) 18) dialog: (frowns ) Why? Peter jogs into the parking lot. Alice looks to Francis. Francis turns to Jack. Jack shrugs. Francis takes a deep breath and nods. He says to Alice gently:
29) 21) dialog: I'm here to pick up Mr. Whitman's car. The mechanic answers with a slight German accent:
29) 23) dialog: (blankly) What do you mean not ready?
29) 25) dialog: (uncomprehending) Waiting for a part?
29) 27) dialog: That's crazy. It's been three months. He can't wait any longer.
29) 29) dialog: He didn't get the message. Mr. Whitman is dead. You understand? The mechanic seems confused. He stammers:
29) 31) dialog: Yeah.
29) 33) dialog: He got hit by a taxi.
29) 36) dialog: Yeah. (strangely) His change was scattered all over 72nd street.
29) 38) dialog: Right -- and we're going to take this car to his funeral, which we're late for, right now. Where are the keys? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 76. Peter is emotional and getting agitated. He goes back to Porsche and opens the door. He pulls a paper protector of the floor and throws it aside. He lifts up the floor-mat searches for the keys. He flips down the visor. Francis g his arm.
29) 47) dialog: Are you going somewhere? Jack hesitates. He says quietly:
29) 49) dialog: Where's the charger? The mechanic shakes his head slightly. Peter strides past into the garage, shouting:
29) 50) dialog: Where's the goddamn battery charger? The mechanic follows Peter inside. Jack stares down at th suitcase and says sadly:
29) 54) text: A hard-back book with a picture of a pink, cut-glass bott of perfume on the dust-jacket. The label on the bottle re Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 78. Voltaire No. 6, La Petite Mort. The title of the book is Invisible Ink and Other Stories by Jack Whitman. A card sticking out of the top says Compliments of the Author. Peter rolls a large console with a power cord trailing be it out of the garage, over to the Porsche, banging agains fenders and walls along the way. The mechanic comes out a him. A bell rings, and a woman's voice says over a loudspeaker:
29) 76) dialog: Go! Peter and Jack start pushing the Porsche across the parki lot and down the driveway. Francis runs out of the office after them. He shouts:
29) 79) dialog: Watch it, asshole! Jack runs into the street with the suitcase. A large man a beard and baseball cap gets out of the pick-up truck. H has a beer bottle in his hand. Jack says angrily:
29) 83) dialog: Get back in your car right now! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 53 sl. Peter's eyes look blood-shot and wild. He picks up the bo off the ground and smashes it into the cement. The man ge back into his pick-up truck and drives away. Francis, Pet and Jack calm down. They look at each other, pleased. The limousine pulls up from the other direction. Peter looks the Porsche. He seems suddenly deflated.
29) 84) dialog: It's not going work. Let's put the cover back on. Francis, Peter, and Jack roll the Porsche back into the parking lot. They put the cover over it and leave it half blocking the driveway. Peter runs over to the mechanic an hugs him. The mechanic wipes tears away from his eyes. Francis grabs the clothes and toiletries into his arms of the hood of the station wagon and shouts:
30) 3) dialog: What'd she say?
31) 0) text: A bank of stone steps descend into the water. Lit candles glow in glass jars. Two attendants carry the body on the bamboo stretcher down the steps with the father, the doct and the other men from the village. The two attendants place the dead boy's body on a platfor stacked logs. The boy's face is circled with flowers. The from the village place more logs over the body and place over the stacked logs. The father shakes badly as he wash the dead boy's feet. A frail, little man with white hair presses dots of red powder onto Francis', Peter's, and Jack's foreheads. An attendant sprays the funeral pyre with purple fuel from a plastic squeeze-bottle. The father helps one of the survi boys to light it on fire. The flames jump and spread. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch the father and the two surviving boys walk in circles around the burning pyre.
32) 0) text: Francis and Jack lie asleep on a large cot with a woven r mattress. Peter sits up in bed between them, smoking a cigarette in the dark. Dogs bark and howl in the distance Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 58 59 83.
33) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack wait with their luggage stacked large pile at the side of the dirt highway. They wear the suits again. The teenaged boy in the school uniform stand next to them. Silence. The doctor from the village comes from around a corner an walks over to Francis, Peter, and Jack. They watch him curiously. He checks his watch. He looks down the highway smiles gently. Three of the men from the funeral walk out of a shop. The fall in with Francis, Peter, Jack, the boy, and the docto They look down the highway. Francis, Peter, and Jack star them. Five women in white saris hurry over and join the group. look down the highway. Francis, Peter, and Jack look at e other, confused. The dead boy's parents and the two surviving children approach along the side of the road as men, women, and children come from every direction. Francis', Peter's, an Jack's mouths fall slowly open. The bus appears in the distance. The teenaged boy whips h handkerchief out of his pocket, fluttering it as he steps into the road. The bus arrives and stops. The doors open. The men from the village quickly collect Francis', Peter' and Jack's luggage, hoisting it onto the roof and handing through the windows of the bus. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch quietly. All the villagers gather around. They press their hands together and bow. Francis, Peter, and Jack nod and bow in return. They shake men's hands and pat children on their heads and shoulders. They hesitate uncertainly and look o last time at the waiting people. They wave goodbye. Some the villagers say thank you and goodbye in English, other Hindi. Francis, Peter, and Jack climb onto the bus. The doors cl and the bus drives away.
34) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack sit together in the front row. T stare ahead in silence. They look suddenly devastated. Th light cigarettes. Jack puts his hand out the window to fe the wind. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 60 61 62 84.
35) 0) text: Two black and yellow taxis pull up to the curb in front o aging, local airport. A sign above the driveway reads Departures. Francis, Peter, and Jack get out of the first taxi. Porters in red turbans quickly gather to help them their luggage from the trunk. The porters unpack more lug out of a second taxi. They pile suitcases onto a cart and carry bags on their heads. Francis pays the drivers. He walks with Peter, Jack, and porters across the sidewalk, past a soldier wearing a bla beret, into the terminal.
36) 0) text: Francis, Peter, Jack, and the porters walk through the terminal, over to a ticket counter. The name of the airli is written on the wall in Hindi. A woman behind the count wears a floral-patterned sari. Francis sets his, Peter's, Jack's passports onto the counter and says:
36) 5) dialog: Three, please. Peter and Jack wait while the attendant prepares their te Peter says nostalgically:
36) 6) dialog: I love the way this country smells. I'll never forget it. It's kind of spicy. Jack and Peter breathe in deeply, inhaling the air. Jack points across the terminal.
36) 8) dialog: I think he's trying to re-hire Brendan. Jack looks surprised. Peter continues:
36) 9) dialog: He said he's going to offer him a fifty percent raise plus some medical benefits to help with his albino disease or whatever it's called. Francis comes over carrying a bottle of whiskey and a car of cigarettes.
36) 10) dialog: How'd it go?
36) 15) dialog: He didn't really kill our snake, did he? It's got to be against his religion. I bet he released him in the desert, which is, actually, closer to his natural habitat. Francis frowns. He points across the terminal.
36) 17) dialog: He's probably checking his ex- girlfriend's messages again.
36) 23) dialog: I'll be right back. Peter walks away. Francis says to himself:
36) 30) dialog: It's a boy. Francis and Jack look stunned. Francis says, concerned:
36) 32) dialog: (correcting himself) It's going to be a boy. She had a somnogram or something. Francis and Jack look excited. They hug Peter and each ot
36) 36) dialog: She's angry because I didn't tell her I was coming here.
36) 38) dialog: Yeah, but I explained everything. Francis and Jack shake their heads and stare at Peter, Marvelling. Peter says quietly:
36) 39) dialog: Actually, it's kind of lucky, because I just bought this vest -- Peter digs in his duffel bag. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 63 89.
36) 40) dialog: -- and it's probably OK for either one, but I think it's better for a man. Peter holds up a miniature felt vest with intricate, colo embroidery all over it. Francis and Jack admire it. Franc suddenly takes off his belt and holds it out to Peter. Pe hesitates.
37) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack stand silently at the mirror. Ja trims his moustache with a pair of tiny grooming scissors Peter shaves. Francis brushes his teeth. A janitor rummag through a broom closet in the background. He takes out a and a bucket, goes to the door, and swings it open. Passengers and baggage handlers criss-cross in the doorwa and the room fills with airport noises. The room goes qui again as the door swings shut. Francis turns to Jack and says:
37) 4) dialog: Anyway, it's definitely going to add a lot of character to you. Francis nods. He, Peter, and Jack stare at his demolished face. Tears suddenly stream down his cheeks. Jack takes h by the arm. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 64 65 90.
38) 0) text: An alcove next to the departure gate. There is a statue o altar of a man with the head of an elephant. Flowers are strewn around its base, and a candle burns in front of it Francis, Peter, and Jack sit quietly on the floor. They h orange stripes on their foreheads. They wave their hands the candle-flame and ritualistically presses the warmth i their hair. They close their eyes and press their palms together. Jack says thoughtfully:
39) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack riding in tandem on an old, gree motorcycle. A decal on the gas tank reads Hero Honda. Fra drives, smiling fiercely. A small, three-wheeled truck lo with Francis', Peter's, and Jack's bags, suitcases, and t follows close behind them. The vehicles on the road pass within inches of each other, dodging constantly.
40) 0) text: Francis, Peter, Jack, and a Tibetan guide wearing a stars stripes stocking cap walk four black horses and three mul strapped with all their luggage through the gates of the compound. The tack and saddles are hand-made and brightly colorful, and the horses' ears are distinctively pointed curved at the ends. Dozens of children in school uniforms of white shirts and cream-colored pants converge, circling giddily. Francis, Peter, and Jack look exhausted but enchanted. They are unshaven and windburned and wear long, wide, finely-woven scarves. Jack pets a baby lamb with a red dot on its forehead. Two peacocks walk by, stepping slowly. A tall woman in a white habit with her head bare and wild long hair comes out of an arched doorway and descends a s staircase. She is Patricia. She strides out to meet Franc Peter, and Jack. In one hand, she carries a dog-eared biography of Thomas Jefferson with numerous scraps of pap tucked in-between pages as book-marks. In her other hand, carries a piece of chalk and an eraser. She wears a thick leather utility belt with a hunting knife, a flashlight, a canteen attached to it. A young, Indian nun in a blue h follows close behind her. Francis, Peter, and Jack watch intently as Patricia approaches. She starts talking fifty feet before she arri Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 92.
41) 0) text: A utility room next to a kitchen. Francis, Peter, and Jac hold piles of laundry in their arms. Patricia motions to teenaged girl standing next to her as she says to Francis Peter, and Jack:
42) 0) text: A small, white church with a large, bloody crucifix above altar. Patricia leads a hymn from the pulpit with three Indian nuns in blue habits. Another nun plays a plastic, electric organ. Francis, Peter, and Jack stand in a pew holding hymnals and singing with the rest of the congrega of children, teachers, and workers. A metal fan with fluttering ribbons attached to it whirs, rotating back an forth in the open doorway.
43) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack lie on three narrow cots in a sp white room overlooking the edge of the cliff. They are dressed in their white pajamas. There is a crucifix above bed, an illustration of St. Francis above another, and th Virgin Mary above the third. There is a plastic bottle of water next to each bunk. An electric mosquito coil is plu into the wall. Peter's candle burns on a night-table. The trunk and suitcases are laid out in a row on the floor. S are open with laundry strewn around them. Wind rattles th window-panes, and a light rain falls on the metal roof. Patricia sits on the end of Jack's bed with her hands fol in her lap. She says energetically:
43) 5) dialog: Alice made that.
43) 7) dialog: OK. You want one?
43) 9) dialog: Mom? Patricia stops. She turns around and stands darkly in the doorway.
43) 11) dialog: (pause) There's one last thing. Peter briskly stands up out of bed and strides to the doo He turns the light back on. He says to Francis and Jack:
43) 12) dialog: I don't know what I'm about to do, by the way. Peter takes Patricia by the arm and draws her quickly bac into the room. She looks startled. Francis and Jack sit u their bunks. Peter shuts the door. He points to a stool. Patricia sits down. Peter returns to his bed. He, Francis and Jack stare at Patricia.
43) 13) dialog: I want to tell you about my son.
43) 15) dialog: The one I'm going to have next month. Patricia looks taken aback. She is suddenly overwhelmed. says in a different voice:
43) 18) dialog: You should've been at Dad's funeral. Patricia falls silent. She stares at Peter evenly. She sa finally:
43) 25) dialog: What are you doing here?
43) 36) dialog: Calm down.
43) 39) dialog: I don't know. I didn't see it. He sent me to buy cigarettes. Patricia nods. She stares into space.
43) 50) dialog: 
44) 0) text: The next morning. Francis and Peter are asleep. Jack sits an open window seat writing furiously in his manila note book. He still wears his white pajamas. There is a tray o sliced mango, scrambled eggs, corn flakes, porridge, oran juice, and instant coffee on the table behind him. Franci sits up slowly on the edge of his bed. He stretches his a and yawns. He says groggily:
44) 6) dialog: What?
44) 8) dialog: Who? Peter sits up in bed. He looks at Francis and Jack. He sa sadly:
44) 9) dialog: She's gone? Jack nods. Peter sighs.
44) 10) dialog: Where?
44) 19) dialog: I like how mean you are.
45) 0) text: A train station on the edge of a small town in the mounta Francis, Peter, and Jack run through the terminal carryin their suitcases accompanied by two porters in red turbans pulling the rest of their luggage on a cart. They race ou onto the platform.
46) 0) text: Bells are ringing. Wheels are clacking. Smoke is blowing. train is already pulling out, and Francis, Peter, Jack, a the two porters run alongside the tracks behind it. A teenager with wavy hair and a trumpet at his side watches calmly from a deck at the rear of the caboose. A sign abo his head reads The Bengal Lancer with a picture of a leap tiger below it. Francis', Peter's, Jack's, and the two porters' shoes sla along the cement. They start gaining on the train. The tr picks up speed. The porters grit their teeth. Francis egg them on. They begin to lose ground. Francis turns to Pete and Jack and yells over the sound of the engine’s whistle
47) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack walk quickly through two cars an enter a third. Francis pulls three tickets out of his coa pocket and checks the numbers next to each compartment do as they go down the corridor.
48) 0) text: Francis, Peter, and Jack sit looking out the window. Ther a knock on the door. Francis slides it open. A thirty-yea old man with a beard stands in the corridor with a hole- puncher in his hand. He wears a pink silk turban and a Ne jacket with Chief Steward embroidered onto it.
48) 6) dialog: Why don't you hang onto mine? Francis hesitates. Jack says gently: