5) 0) text: Jack stands waiting in the corridor outside the lavatory. looks disheveled and dazed. He drinks a sip from his bott of cough medicine. The bathroom door slides open. Rita lo out at Jack. She frowns. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 21 24.
5) 1) dialog: Why are you standing there?
5) 3) dialog: Mr. Whitman, the whole point of us coming out separately is so no one sees us together.
5) 5) dialog: (hesitates) Jack.
5) 7) dialog: Go back to your compartment. Jack turns and walks briskly down the corridor.
13) 2) dialog: Would you like tea?
13) 4) dialog: I got to get off this train. Jack hesitates. Rita stubs out her cigarette. She stands closes the window, crosses the room, and slides open the compartment door. She looks back. She goes out and shuts door behind her. Silence.
19) 0) text: Back on the train. Jack knocks on a compartment door. Let painted above it read Staff Quarters. It slides open, and Rita looks out. She is dressed in a more formal version o her sari-uniform with embroidery and gold trim. She smoke cigarette. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 49.
19) 2) dialog: No, there isn't. We're fully booked.
19) 5) dialog: No.
19) 8) dialog: I have a boyfriend.
19) 10) dialog: Actually, I just broke up with him, or I'm about to. In a way, it's good timing, but it's also bad timing. I'm confused. Jack presses his hair back off his forehead. The bell on wall rings twice more. The lavatory door inside Rita's compartment sways with the movement of the train. A mirro it reveals Rita's back in the reflection. Her sari-unifor unzipped down to the middle of her ass. She has a tattoo little tiger. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 50.
19) 12) dialog: (surprised) Really? I thought -- I mean, thank you.
19) 14) dialog: I would kiss you, but I'm confused. Jack nods. He says quietly:
19) 16) dialog: All right. Jack comes into the compartment and closes the door. He kisses Rita. He slides his hands down her body. He says suddenly:
19) 18) dialog: (pause) How? The bell rings four times in a row. Rita slides the door and shoves Jack out of the room. She shuts the door. Jack stands slightly dazed with lipstick smeared on his face. walks down the corridor. The chief steward comes into the car. He is dressed in a formal version of his turban and Nehru jacket with embroi and gold trim. He sees Jack. He says to him furiously:
19) 21) dialog: (without stopping) What do you mean? The chief steward hurries to catch Rita. She slides open door at the end of the corridor. They stop in the space between the two cars. The chief steward yells over the no of the wind and clacking wheels:
19) 23) dialog: I'll be right there. Rita opens the door and starts to go. The chief steward g her arm.
19) 27) dialog: (pause) I think they're OK.
19) 29) dialog: I'll talk to them.
19) 31) dialog: I understand. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52.
19) 33) dialog: Yes. Rita opens the door and starts to go again. The chief ste grabs her arm again.
19) 35) dialog: What?
19) 37) dialog: (pained) What do you mean?
19) 39) dialog: No.
19) 41) dialog: Let me go. The chief steward releases Rita's arm. She goes into the car. The chief steward watches her anxiously. She walks a down the corridor.
21) 19) dialog: No, I'm crying. Rita hands Jack a small, paper sack. She looks to Francis Peter. They look back at her blankly. She says to Jack:
21) 20) dialog: What's wrong with you?
21) 22) dialog: (withdrawing) Sure. Tell me then.
21) 24) dialog: You're welcome. Jack nods. Rita stares at Jack. The train starts to move. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 59.