0) 139) dialog: (excited)
0) 142) dialog: The word is out in the streets that he's dead.
0) 144) dialog: Paulie's been a little sick all winter...he was home.
0) 146) dialog: Maybe three, four times.  I always asked Freddie if he wanted another bodyguard, but he said no.  Things have been so smooth the last ten years...
0) 148) dialog: That's all?  Don't you want me to send some people over here?
0) 196) dialog: Your mother's at the hospital with the old man: He's gonna pull through. MICHAEL nods his relief.
0) 218) text: Thank God it was Paulie...we'll need Clemenza bad. MICHAEL is just realizing the gravity and extent of the situation.
0) 253) dialog: I tol' you to stay put, Paulie...
0) 259) dialog: Outside.
0) 262) dialog: Understood.
0) 266) dialog: A Sicilian message: Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.
1) 8) dialog: Crazy Detroit delivered it with a wooden bumper.  They're going to send me the chrome bumpers in a couple months.  I waited two years for this car to come with wooden bumpers! He scrubs and polishes with great affection.
1) 9) dialog: Today you make your bones on Paulie. You understand everything?
1) 11) dialog: .22 soft-nosed load.  Accurate up to five feet. LAMPONE expertly puts the gun away.  GATTO's car pulls in the driveway, and he sounds the horn. The two men walk to the car.  GATTO is driving, a bit nervous, like he doesn't know what is up.  LAMPONE gets i the rear seat; CLEMENZA in the front, making a grunt of recognition.  He looks at his wristwatch, as though wanti to chide PAULIE for being late.  PAULIE flinches a little when he sees LAMPONE will ride behind him; he half turns:
1) 13) dialog: Goddamn Sonny.  He's running scared. He's already thinking of going to the mattresses.  We have to find a place on the West Side.  Paulie, you know a good location? PAULIE relaxes a bit; he thinks he's off any possible hoo he was on.  Also there's the money he can make by selling Sollozzo any secret location.
1) 15) dialog: (grunting)
1) 20) dialog: Pay attention!
1) 23) dialog: OK, go to Arthur Avenue; I'm suppose to call when I found somethin'. The car pulls off.
1) 25) dialog: You wait; I'll call. He walks, tucking his shirt into his pants, around the corner and enters the Luna Restaurant.
1) 28) dialog: He talked my ear off.  Want us to go back to Long Beach; have another job for us.  Rocco, you live in the City, can we drop you off?
1) 30) dialog: OK, then you gotta come back. The car pulls out.  By now, PAULIE is completely relaxed secure.
1) 32) dialog: Maybe, or you gotta know now.
1) 35) dialog: Paulie, pull over.  I gotta take a leak. The car pulls off the Causeway, into the reeds.  CLEMENZA steps out of the car, OUR VIEW MOVING with him. He turns his back three quarters from us (we can no longe see the car), unzips, and we hear the sound of urine hitt the ground.  We wait on this for a moment; and then there are two GUNSHOTS.  CLEMENZA finishes his leak, zips up an turns, moving back to the car. PAULIE is dead, bleeding from the mouth; the windows behi him are shattered.
1) 36) dialog: Leave the gun. LAMPONE gets out, the two men walk through the reeds a fe feet where there is another car.  They get in, and drive
1) 39) dialog: Mike.  Hey Mikey; telephone. CLEMENZA had shouted from the kitchen window.  MICHAEL hurries into the house.
1) 41) dialog: Some dame. MICHAEL picks it up.
1) 58) text: CLEMENZA is getting ready to build a tomato sauce for all the button men stationed around the house.
1) 59) dialog: How come you don't tell that nice girl you love her...here, learn something... you may have to feed fifty guys some day.  You start with olive oil...fry some garlic, see.  And then fry some sausage...or meat balls if you like...then you throw in the tomatoes, the tomato paste...some basil; and a little red wine...that's my trick. SONNY peeks into the kitchen; sees CLEMENZA.
1) 61) dialog: You won't see Paulie anymore.  He's sick for good this winter. MICHAEL starts to leave.
1) 67) dialog: Sollozzo knows Mike's a civilian.
1) 133) text: How much is the Turk paying you to set my father up, Captain? Without any warning, McCLUSKEY leans back and hits MICHAE squarely on the jaw with all his weight and strength. MICHAEL groans, and lifts his hand to his jaw.  He looks McCLUSKEY; we are his VIEW and everything goes spinning, he falls to the ground, just as we see HAGEN and CLEMENZA MEN arrive.
1) 137) dialog: How come all the new men?
1) 171) dialog: It's as cold as they come, impossible to trace. (he turns it upside down)
1) 174) text: I left it noisy, so it'll scare any pain-in-the-neck innocent bystander away. MICHAEL is alone with CLEMENZA in a cellar workshop.
1) 175) dialog: Just let your hand drop to your side, and let the gun slip out. Everybody will still think you got it.  They'll be starin' at your face, see?  Then walk out of the place real fast, but don't run. Don't look anybody directly in the eye, but don't look away from them neither.  Hey, they'll be scared stiff o you, believe me.  Nobody's gonna bother with you.  Don't worry about nothing; you'd be surprised how good these things go.  O.K., put your hat on, let's see how you look.  Helps with identification. They put the hat on; CLEMENZA adjusts it.
1) 176) dialog: Mostly it gives witnesses an excuse to change their identification when we make them see the light.  Then you take a long vacation and we catch the hell.
1) 178) dialog: Probably all the other families will line up against us.  But, it's alright.  These things have to happen once every ten years or so...gets rid of the bad blood. You gotta stop 'em at the beginning. Like they shoulda stopped Hitler at Munich, they shoulda never let him get away with that, they were just asking for big trouble... INT DAY: DON'S HALL &amp; LIVING ROOM (WINTER 1945) MICHAEL steps into the foyer of the main house.  A card table is set up with a man playing cards with three of th Corleone buttonmen. He continues into the living room.  It's a mess.  SONNY asleep on the sofa.  On the coffee table are the remains a take-out Chinese food dinner, and a half-empty bottle o whisky.  The radio is playing.
1) 181) text: You ready?  Did Clemenza tell you be sure to drop the gun right away?
1) 185) dialog: It's okay...the hostage is outside playing pinochle with three of my men. The phone rings in the DON's office.
1) 191) text: This is the entrance, Mike.  When you finish just walk out and turn left, then turn the corner. Clemenza, you gotta work fast to plant the gun.  They got an old- fashioned toilet with a space between the water container and the wall.  We can tape the gun behind there.
1) 192) dialog: Mike, they're gonna frisk you in the car.  You'll be clean so they won't worry 'bout nothing.  In the restaurant, wait and talk a while, and then ask permission to go.  See? Then when you come out, don't waste time; don't sit down...you come out blasting.  And don't take chances. In the head, two shots apiece.  And out as fast as your legs can move.
1) 194) dialog: The gun will be there.
1) 197) dialog: We gotta move...
1) 376) text: OK.  Go to Clemenza's house and tell him to come here right away. He'll tell you what to do. The MEN leave him alone.  He is quiet, standing in the middle of the living room a moment.  He looks in the direction of the kitchen, where he can see fragments of M moving around.
1) 655) dialog: We gotta fight sometime.  Let us at least recruit our regimes to full strength.
1) 658) dialog: Don Corleone...Don Corleone. The OLD MAN looks up.  CLEMENZA stand before him in the D Beside him is an anxious TESSIO.  NERI stands by the door HAGEN is seated; MICHAEL sits behind the big desk.
1) 659) dialog: You said there would come a day when Tessio and me could form our own Families.  Only with your benediction, of course.  I ask permission...
1) 663) dialog: Then in a six month time we're on our own; is that it?
1) 668) dialog: And I don't like Barzini.  I say the Corleone Family has to move from strength, not weakness.  We should build our Regimes and take back our lost territories in Staten Island, at least.
1) 670) dialog: Yes, Godfather...
1) 861) dialog: Don Corleone... The smile fades from KAY's face, as she looks at what her husband has become.