0) 31) dialog: My business is heroin, I have poppy fields, laboratories in Narseilles and Sicily, ready to go into production.  My importing methods are as safe as these things can be, about five per cent loss.  The risk is nothing, the profits enormous.
0) 33) dialog: I need two million dollars in cash...more important, I need a friend who has people in high places; a friend who can guarantee that if one of my employees be arrested, they would get only light sentences.  Be my friend.
0) 35) dialog: Thirty per cent.  In the first year your share would be four million dollars; then it would go up.
0) 37) dialog: My compliments.  I'll take care of them from my share.
0) 39) dialog: If you think two million dollars in cash is just finance, I congratulate you Don Corleone. There is a long silence; in which each person present fee the tension.  The DON is about to give his answer.
0) 44) dialog: Are you worried about security for your million?
0) 46) dialog: The Tattaglias will guarantee your investment also. This startles SONNY; he blurts out.
0) 91) dialog: (quietly)
0) 93) dialog: (urgently)
0) 96) dialog: Get in the car.  If I wanted to kill you you'd be dead already. Trust me. HAGEN, sick to his stomach, moves with his ESCORTS, leavi our VIEW on the Mechanical windows gaily bobbing the stor of Hansel and Gretel.  We HEAR the car doors shut, and th car drive off.
0) 116) dialog: Do you know who I am? LUCA Nods.
0) 117) dialog: You've been talking to the Tattaglias.  They thought we could do business. LUCA listens.
0) 118) dialog: I need somebody strong to protect my operation, physically.  I've heard you're not happy with your family, you might make a switch.
0) 120) dialog: On the first shipment, I can guarantee you fifty thousand dollars. LUCA looks at him; he had no idea the offer would be so g SOLLOZZO extends his hand, but LUCA pretends not to see i rather, he busies himself putting a cigarette in his mout BRUNO TATTAGLIA, behind the bar, makes a cigarette lighte magically appear, and holds it to LUCA's cigarette.  Then he does an odd thing; he drops the lighter on the bar, an puts his hand lightly on LUCA's, almost patting it.
0) 152) dialog: Santino Corleone? SANDRA moves behind him, anxious to know who it is.  SONN indicates that she be quiet.
0) 154) dialog: We have Tom Hagen.  In about three hours he'll be released with our proposition.  Don't do anything until you've heard what he has to say.  You can only cause a lot of trouble.  What's done is done. (a pause)
0) 173) dialog: I know you're not in the muscle end of the family--so I don't want you to be afraid.  I want you to help the Corleones and I want you to help me. HAGEN's hands are trembling as he tries to put a cigarett in his mouth.  ONE of the BUTTON MEN brings a bottle of r to the table, and pours a little into a delicate, flowere china cup.  HAGEN sips gratefully.
0) 174) dialog: Your boss is dead... HAGEN is overwhelmed: actual tears spring to his eyes. SOLLOZZO pauses respectfully.
0) 175) dialog: (pushing the bottle)
0) 177) dialog: Sonny was hot for my deal, right? You know it's the smart thing to do, too.  I want you to talk Sonny into it.
0) 179) text: Sonny will come after you with everything he's got. SOLLOZZO rises, impatiently.
0) 180) dialog: That's going to be his first reaction.  You have to talk some sense into him.  The Tattaglia family stands behind me with all their people.  The other New York Families will go along with anything that prevents a full scale war. He leans close to HAGEN.
0) 181) dialog: The Don was slipping; in the old days I could never have gotten to him.  Now he's dead, nothing can bring him back.  Talk to Sonny, talk to the Caporegimes, Clemenza and Tessio...it's good business.
0) 183) dialog: I'll worry about Luca.  You take care of Sonny and the other two kids.
0) 185) dialog: (lifting his hands in an expression of harmlessness)
0) 189) dialog: The old man is still alive.  Five bullets in his Sicilian hide and he's still alive. (he gives a fatalistic shrug)
1) 0) text: LUCA sits at the Bar of the Tattaglia Nightclub, as we remember him.  BRUNO TATTAGLIA had just patted his hand. LUCA looks up at him. Then SOLLOZZO pats the other hand, almost affectionately. LUCA is just about to twist his hands away, when they bot clamp down as hard as they can.  Suddenly, a garrote is thrown around his neck, and pulled violently tight.  His face begins to turn to purple blotches, and then totally purple, right before our eyes; his tongue hangs out, in a far more extreme way than a normal tongue could.  His eye bulge. ONE of the MEN looks down at him in disgust as LUCA's strength leaves him.
1) 2) text: Oh Christ...all over the floor. SOLLOZZO lets LUCA's hand go with a victorious smile on h face. LUCA falls to the floor.
1) 3) dialog: The Godfather is next.
1) 169) text: Sonny, it's all personal, and I learned it from him, the old man, the Godfather.  He took my joining the Marines personal.  I take Sollozzo trying to kill my father personal, and you know I'll kill them Sonny. MICHAEL radiates danger...SONNY stops laughing.
1) 206) dialog: I'm glad you came, Mike.  I hope we can straighten everything out.  All this is terrible, it's not the way I wanted things to happen at all. It should never have happened.
1) 208) dialog: He won't be; I swear to you be my children he won't be.  Just keep an open mind when we talk.  I hope you're not a hothead like your brother, Sonny.  It's impossible to talk business with him. McCLUSKEY grunts.
1) 213) dialog: (sly)
1) 217) dialog: Nice work; I'll remember it. MICHAEL is relieved.
1) 221) dialog: Try the veal; it's the finest in New York. The solitary WAITER brings a bottle of wine to the table. They watch him silently as he uncorks it and pours three glasses.  Then, when he leaves, SOLLOZZO turns to McCLUSK
1) 222) dialog: I am going to talk Italian to Mike.
1) 226) dialog: What guarantees can I give you?  I am the hunted one.  I've missed my chance.  You think too highly of me, my friend...I am not so clever...all I want if a truce... MICHAEL looks long and hard at SOLLOZZO, who is smiling holding his open hands up as if to say: "I have no tricks my sleeve".  Then he looks away and makes a distressed lo on his face.
1) 227) dialog: What is it?
1) 230) dialog: Don't take too long. MICHAEL gets up and calmly walks to the bathroom, and disappears inside.
1) 299) text: It was Michael who killed Sollozzo. The DON closes his eyes, and then reopens them in anger a rage.
1) 420) text: He was the one behind Sollozzo?