62) 0) text: The HOLY TEMPLE. Josh stands near the altar with Arne, wh has pulled the Rubi Radr from an elevated pedestal. He shows Josh the text (written in the graphic Affect langua - a_combination of runes and abstract hand paintings). Th walls of the temple are lined with thousands of books tha look like variations on the Rubi Radr.
62) 1) dialog: We describe it like “emotional sheet music.”
62) 3) dialog: Well...each runic letter stands for one of the 16 Affects, which are graded from most holy to most unholy. This one is about Grief. (MORE)
62) 6) dialog: You can see at the end, however, we have blank pages? Indeed the last half of the book is BLANK.
62) 7) dialog: This is because the Rubi Radr is a forever work in progress. Forever evolving. We have many hundreds of ese.
62) 9) dialog: Well - this iteration is being written by Ruben. Arne points to RUBEN, the deformed boy, who is playing outside.
62) 11) dialog: Since birth. He draws and the Elders interpret. He shows Josh the first pages. They are marked by HANDPRI all in different colors of paint. (Below the drawings are illustrative interpretations.) ARNE feo Ruben is unclouded by normal cognition. It makes him open for the source.
62) 13) dialog: Ruben was a product of inbreeding. All of our Oracles have been deliberate products of inbreeding. Josh's jaw hangs. He hides his amazement.
62) 15) dialog: (suddenly alarmed) What? No. Absolutely not. Arne CLOSES the book.
62) 16) dialog: Okay. Sorry. Absolutely not. A TENSE beat. Broken suddenly by a very DISTANT SCREAM, t far away to discern whether it’s made by a man or animal.
70) 0) text: Breakfast has ended. Christian, Dani and Pelle deposit th dirty dishes at the washing station, only to turn around see ARNE and STEN walking toward them. Our group anticipa the following question:
70) 1) dialog: Where is your friend Josh?
70) 3) dialog: He and your other friend disappear on the same day. You see how it looks.
70) 10) dialog: ..-Let’s just hope it gets returned. Yes. I hope that very much.
70) 12) dialog: Well - you and Odd can go lookin for them. Maybe you can redeem this. Pelle nods, walks to Odd, and they proceed toward the tru Sten turns to Dani and Christian.
80) 14) dialog: To the May Queen! (raises his aquavit) Skal!