3) 0) text: The young woman lowers the cell from her ear. This is DANI (25), a beautiful but delicate brunette. (She is the irl from the photo). She hangs up, and turns to her aptop. An EMAIL from Terri Ardor, titled “dear dani,” is displayed. It reads: i cant anymore - everything’s black - mom and dad are coming too. goodbye. Dani stares at this, anxiety rising. She picks up her pho hesitates, and then calls Christian. Four rings. CHRISTIAN (25) answers. The rest of this scen will be shot in a VERY TIGHT CLOSE-UP of Dani. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 2
3) 2) dialog: Hi...! Dani affects a care-free tone:
3) 4) dialog: Oh, just smoked some resin at Mark’s and how we're getting pizza.
3) 6) dialog: Yeah - he’s saying hi right now, over and over.
3) 7) dialog: Hi Mark! (off-phone) “Hi Mark.”
3) 9) dialog: Oh - did we talk about doing something tonight?
3) 11) dialog: (ambivalent) Uh, well - okay Yeah. I should be able to swing by.
3) 12) dialog: All right...! Yeah. Okay... How’s the sister situation?
3) 14) dialog: I’m sure it’s fine.
3) 15) dialog: Yeah. Probably. I hope so. She does this every other day, Dani. And only because you let her.
3) 16) dialog: Well, I don’t LET her. She’s bipolar. I know, but you do, though, babes. You go straight to crisis mode. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018)
3) 19) dialog: Okay, but_is it, though? It’s still another clear plo for attention - just like every other panic attack she’s given you. Dani looks like she wants to argue with this. She stifles
3) 21) dialog: The more you respond, the more she’s encouraged to keep this crap up.
3) 23) dialog: Me too. I love you.
3) 24) dialog: ---So do I.
3) 26) dialog: Yup.
3) 28) dialog: “Bye Mark.”
5) 0) text: A grubby pizza parlor. Outside the window looms a purple sign. CHRISTIAN, very handsome and fit, sits at a booth. Beside are his friends MARK (26, droll, shaggy hair), JOSH (27, skinny, sometimes snobbish academic) , and PELLE (26), a looking Swedish exchange student. Pelle doodles on his na (drawing the flowers on the table). Mark is gurrently lecturing a despondent Christian, who begins with his face in his arms (on the table).
5) 2) dialog: But what if I end up regretting it and then I can’t get her back?
5) 3) dialog: You don’t want her back! I might!
5) 6) dialog: repared to be offended) And what work do I actually need to do, Josh?
5) 16) dialog: She has one.
5) 19) dialog: Hello? On the other end: an extended, agonized MOAN.
5) 20) dialog: Dani?
5) 22) dialog: Sweetheart? What’s going on? But now there’s only heavy, frightening CRYING on the oth end. It’s a deep, horrible cry. One of pure animal grief. 10 11 12 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 7
5) 24) dialog: (now scared) What’s happening, baby? Please talk to me. The crying has curdled into a sustained WAIL OF ANGUISH.
9) 0) text: Dreamy snowfall in Brooklyn. Christian, bundled up in layers, RUNS down the street. He approaching DANI’S BUILDING, but even as he rushes, he’s going as fast as he possibly could. There’s an ambivalenc is stride. He enters the front door of Dani’s building. INT. DANI’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 12 Wide on the LIVING ROOM. We’re centered on the COUCH, whe Christian sits. Dani has crumbled there, her head Shaking violently against Christian’s lap as she WEEPS. Behind th a WINDOW showcases snowfall against the dark night. Dani’s sobs are possessed of a profound despair. It’s so intense that it looks painful - dangerous even. We are pushing in on this, toward them. Christian’s eyes wide with worry. A worry that goes beyond Dani’s well-bei He stares into space, imagining a future that he’s being chained to. He looks TRAPPED. 12 13 14 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 8
9) 2) dialog: Hey babers. How we feeling?
9) 5) dialog: (hesitates) You sure you got enough rest?
9) 7) dialog: Okay, great. I’1l just be at the door.
10) 0) text: A PARTY in a brownstone full of circulating twenty- somethings. Dani stands with Christian, who chats with Josh, Mark (holding two beers), Pelle, and a stoned HIPSTER GUY (26)
10) 8) dialog: I mean, yeah, we were thinking about maybe - we were talking about it.
10) 11) dialog: I mean, if we even go. I probably won't. We were just talking abou it. Mark, Josh and Pelle stand awkwardly, confused. Christian clearly hasn’t been honest with Dani.
11) 0) text: Dani sits in the back seat of a Lyft car. Christian sits the front passenger seat. Dani’s eyes are BUSY with nag gaging paranoid thoughts. Christian, very tense, turns ook back at Dani. He forces a casual “hey” smile. Ambivalent, she “smiles” back. INT. DANI’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 16 The door opens. Christian and Dani enter. Christian goes his laptop and turns it on. Dani stays by the door, still preoccupied. Christian looks to her.
11) 1) dialog: Are you okay? 16 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 10
11) 5) dialog: Well - what do you mean? I told you I wanted to go.
11) 7) dialog: Well, I just decided today. I wasn’t keeping it from you.
11) 9) dialog: (shrugs ) I'm sorry. Christian looks extremely defensive. He has LOCKED DOWN. sees this, gathers herself, and tries to explain:
11) 10) dialog: It’s just -- imagine if we were at a party and someone asks "what are you doing this summer," and my friends say: "oh, we're all going to China for three months, we’re leaving in two weeks," and imagine that was the first you'd ever heard of it! (correcting) Sweden. A month and a half.
11) 11) dialog: Qkay: I told you I wanted to go to Sweden.
11) 15) dialog: Well, I just apologized, Dani.
11) 17) dialog: Maybe I should just go home.
11) 19) dialog: And I tried apologizing. DANI . I don't need an apology. I just wanna talk about it. Pause.
11) 20) dialog: I think I should just probably go home. Dani looks helpless.
11) 22) dialog: Well, it feels like that.
11) 25) dialog: quietly) I don’t know what my thesis is.
11) 27) dialog: (still looking down) .-.I think I’m just gonna leave. Dani’s eyes start to well intensely with TEARS. 16 17 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 12
11) 30) dialog: Okay -_shhh. It’s okay. I’m sorry, too. All right?
11) 32) dialog: It’s okay. I’m sorry, too. It’s okay. Beat. Christian is wrestling with something, and then:
11) 33) dialog: (uncertainly) I was gonna ask you to come with me. Pause. Dani looks at him. He looks very tense.
11) 35) dialog: ...What I just said.
11) 39) dialog: Well...you ruined the surprise. Dani searches Christian’s eyes. They aren’t especially warm.
11) 40) dialog: I wanted it to be romantic. INT. MARK & JOSH’S APARTMENT - DAY 17 Mark & Josh’s apartment is essentially a stoner’s den crossed with a serious anthropologist’s home. Ironic post (a portrait of Ronald Reagan, etc.) are countered by post of James George Frazer and Claude Lévi-Strauss. There are stacks of books in every corner. 17 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 13
11) 44) dialog: (anxiously) Hey guys, it’s Dani - she’s coming up.
11) 46) dialog: No no, it doesn’t matter. But uh - listen.. Christian goes to buzz her in.
11) 47) dialog: -+-just so iy guys know: she’s not gonna actually come, but I invited er on the trip. Just to not make it weird. A moment of silence. Pelle sits especially frozen.
11) 49) dialog: Yeah, but she’s not coming.
11) 51) dialog: (measuredly) No: I "invited" her and she naccepted, "but she's not gonna actually come. Mark and Josh just stare at him. CHRISTIAN (CONT’D) You guys know what she’s dealing with!
11) 54) dialog: Okay, so just: you ge ys told me to invite her and you know that she’s coming. Agreed? They don’t respond. Christian now OPENS the door to DANI. enters with an almost apologetic smile on her face.
11) 55) dialog: Hey. Hi baby. Hey eagn® room) JOSH/MARK/PELLE y guys! Hey!
11) 65) dialog: (confused pause) Sure. Yeah. Okay. (to Dani) Right back. Christian kisses Dani, and leaves the room with Mark. Dan looks to the ROOM. Josh has returned to his book, Pelle, alone on the couch, warmly gestures for Dani to join him. obliges.
13) 0) text: We are WIDE, looking down the length of the plane. We tra forward, drifting over the heads of passengers. In the b.g., Dani exits the javatory and returns to her s Christian is seated beside her at the window. We have arr at a PROFILE CU of them (the window in the b.g.). Christian takes Dani’s hand and smiles at her. It’s clear she’s been crying, but she hides it behind a determinedly casual “all is well" expression. Christian goes along with the pretending, and looks out t WINDOW. We have begun a slow ZOOM past them, toward the window. The window soon FILLS the Peame . We are flying o beautiful terrain. We have entered SWEDEN. The captain announces this in Swedish over the intercom.
14) 0) text: Our group, now in a rental minivan, drives through Stockh traffic. Pelle is at_the wheel. Mark sits passenger, hold a film theory book. In the back: Dani, Christian and Josh (who reads the Poetic Edda). They pass a group of BEAUTIFUL BLONDE WOMEN.
15) 7) dialog: (tensely y) Well, I don know quite what I’m doing. (As you know.) But I’m thinking about rooting it in something Scandinavian.
17) 18) dialog: Yeah. Of course. (quietly) And you know you don’t need to take them. If you’re feeling unsure. 25 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 21
17) 22) dialog: No, I’1l wait. We’1ll come up together. Josh and Mark and Pelle have pulled their mushrooms from bag. They look to Christian, ready to go.
17) 24) dialog: I’m waiting for Dani. You guys go on.
17) 26) dialog: Then you can wait for us. Mark looks frustrated - angry even.
17) 28) dialog: Baby. Don’t feel rushed.
17) 37) dialog: You okay?
17) 39) dialog: (still concerned) Cool. Me too.
18) 0) text: Dani sits on the grass with Christian and Pelle. Mark is to the side, stabbing at an ANT COLONY with a stick. Josh paces nearby. His stomach TURNS audibly.
18) 3) dialog: (to Dani) How are you feeling?
18) 5) dialog: Technically you do. It’1ll go away soon. And you can throw it up if you need to.
19) 0) text: JUMP CUT to Dani VOMITING into a bush. Christian stands n her.
19) 1) dialog: That’s good, baby. It’s okay. Throw it up. Dani rises to take a breath.
19) 2) dialog: Does that feel better?
20) 3) dialog: What time is it?
20) 9) dialog: Oh fuck. It’s a new person.
20) 20) dialog: Dani? Don’t look like that. Dani STANDS, panic mounting. Her eyes look crazed.
23) 0) text: Christian, Josh, Mark and Pelle are still lying in the sa spot. They've hit the peak of their trip. Twilight is com In the b.g., a group has finished setting up LARGE SPEAKE
23) 1) dialog: Where did she go?
23) 3) dialog: Dani’s gone. We need to find Dani.
23) 5) dialog: Hey! Dani’s our friend!
23) 8) dialog: Dani’s our friend. And she’s sad.
23) 13) dialog: Her family is dead, Mark!
23) 14) dialog: (suddenly terrified) Why are you saying that? Because they are! They’re dead!
24) 4) dialog: No answer.
24) 8) dialog: Dani! Dani FREEZES, eyes crazed.
24) 9) dialog: ..-Christian?! Dani!! Dani searches desperately for his voice. She FINDS him standing at a CLEARING. She runs for him, crying.
24) 10) dialog: Where the hell did you go?! They EMBRACE. She hugs him. SQUEEZES him.
24) 11) dialog: I got lost. Let’s go back to the group.
24) 13) dialog: What?
24) 17) dialog: Okay, just - calm down--
24) 19) dialog: (firmly) No. He takes Dani’s ARM - CHRISTIAN (CONT’D) Fuck. Stop it. That wasn’t real. We’re going back to the friends. Fuck. - and starts leading her away. CHRISTIAN (CONT’D) You're having a bad trip, and you’re thinking you’re alone because you went off and you made yourself alone. You just got scared. He’s now PULLING Dani, aggressively.
24) 20) dialog: (not even looking at her) You have me. Everything’s connected. We‘re all one. Those are the good things you’ re supposed to think about. We’re all unified. Fuck. Christian has been leading her out of the woods. They eme onto the FIELD, where the droning techno is now very pres (and making the visible surroundings THROB to its beat). We track alongside Dani and Christian as they walk uneasi through the grass - past groups of happy, tripping strang Christian’s eyes are glued tensely to the ground, combati dark thoughts. Dani looks less frightened now than disconnected. They arrive at Josh, Mark and Pelle, who are now accompan by CONNIE, SIMON, INGEMAR and the BLONDE SWEDISH GUITARIS 0s), who is still holding her guitar.
24) 23) dialog: (insistent) We're fine. She’s fine. Just took a little walk. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 30
25) 1) dialog: It’s time to get up.
25) 6) dialog: I mean...from yesterday’s perspective. Dani looks at Christian, whose expression is blank. She SINKS with quiet disappointment. (He forgot her birthday. Christian helps Dani up. She wobbles.
26) 0) text: Everyone from the meadow CRUNCHES through the woods. Our group is at the end of the queue (carrying their bags). A they walk, the MELODY is growing clearer and louder. It’s hypnotic tune. The group’s footing is unsteady. Dani, especially, keeps stumbling over her own feet. She grips Christian’s wrist. 30 31 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 31
26) 3) dialog: Sweden has a tick problem.
27) 4) dialog: (to Pelle) You know all these people?
27) 9) dialog: (attempting Swedish) Tack! Thank you! Dagny smiles and walks off. An older man, ODD (50s), approaches. He is wearing a dres Pelle lights up at the sight of him.
27) 39) dialog: (to Pelle) He okay?
28) 11) dialog: Was that praying?
30) 0) text: Maja emerges from the MAIN HOUSE. All the younger Hargans have joined hands to form a train of people. They run and dance in a long chain ("the long dance”). The MAYPOLE sta at the center of their circle. Maja timidly watches the dance, smiling. Her eyes trail o to find our group. She alights on CHRISTIAN, instantly smitten. It almost looks like she recognizes him. One of the dancing boys suddenly GRABS Maja’s hand. He PU her into the train. e LAUGHS as she joins, being pulled suddenly into a HUMAN TUNNEL.
31) 8) dialog: (to Pelle) How can I join the...? You're American. Just jam yourself in there. Christian uneasily JUMPS IN, He joins hands with two girl Josh rises to follow Christian. Dani’s EYES follow them. Pelle takes this opportunity to turn covertly to Dani:
32) 4) dialog: Carving runes? Dan takes a break from teaching to look up and smile confirmation.
32) 8) dialog: Which alphabet is that from?
32) 13) dialog: ent correctin three?and 4 half. 9)
32) 15) dialog: Okay, no, that is true. (off Dani’s look) It is! You're absolutely right. He makes a “sowwy” face, kisses her incredulous cheek, an changes the subject by asking Simon, Connie and Ingemar:
32) 25) dialog: What about that house?
32) 27) dialog: Looks like it was just built.
33) 3) dialog: Who all sleeps in here?
33) 11) dialog: Who are the “May Queens”? 35 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 45
33) 16) dialog: Hey. Can I just pull you...? Christian ushers her gently out of the front door. They move to the Front Steps. Beyond them, four women (all different ages) are gathered closely as they SING SOFTLY ("heydihrudi...") to a crying baby. Struck by this, Dani watches this for a second. As she does so, Christian produces a SOCKERKAKA (sponge cake) from behind his back. candle protrudes.
33) 18) dialog: Happy birthday. He struggles to light the candle with a bad lighter. He finally succeeds.
33) 20) dialog: I've been trying to find a time to surprise you all day. Dani just looks at him with utter suspicion.
33) 21) dialog: What? You thought I forgot? Christian finally RELENTS with a guilty smile:
33) 22) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. I didn’t know it was tomorrow already. With the sun. He kisses her. She doesn’t kiss back. He keeps kissing. 35 36 37 38
33) 25) dialog: Happy birthday, mouse. She forces a tight smile and BLOWS OUT the candle.
34) 9) dialog: What’s that? What’s Attestupan? Pelle gestures for Christian to keep his voice down. Christian pulls out his phone and types “Atestupan” into search engine. But there’s no internet connection.
34) 10) dialog: Fuck. (to,Josh and Pelle) What’s Attestupan? Josh smugly climbs into bed. This has made Dani nervous.
36) 2) dialog: What?! For me?
36) 4) dialog: (accepting them with strained appreciation) ..-Tack sa mycket. He kisses her cheek. Now that everyone is stationed at the tables, a BOY runs to officially summon the guests of honor by ringing a BEL the end of a table. After a moment, TWO ELDERS (72), both wearing ornate gold dresses, enter the scene. (We will recognize them as Dan Ylva, the elders who ran around the Main House with the flaming torches.) They stand with alert posture, maintain an awareness of their bodies as they walk. They arrive at LARGE WOODEN CHAIRS, situated at the head of a beautifull decorated table with fine silverware and golden plates. (Every other table seats at least five people, but this t has been reserved solely for these two.) 43
40) 0) text: The community has gathered on the rocky | galley. Tall CL loom imposingly. The baby cries in the . Our group stands to the side, along with Simon, Connie an Ingemar. Christian turns to DANI, who looks extremely une
40) 1) dialog: Are you sure you can handle this? Dani doesn’t know the answer to this.
40) 2) dialog: Maybe you should go back to the main house? It’s not too late. Dani starts to wrestle with this, but then:
42) 0) text: Everyone looks up at the cliff’s peak. Dani is SWEATING B now, her breathing erratic. Finally, YLVA appear at the edge. Rapt silence. Ylva stands there for a long time. Mesmerized, Josh steps slowly to the side (away from Dani Christian) to get a better look. His eyes are glued to th cliff-top. Ylva, having now summoned total confidence, assumes a GRA POSE, twisting her arms and legs into a standing fetal position, and extending her neck/head into a glorious rea for the heavens. This pose represents a final statement. Dani BRACES herself. Her TEETH begin to chatter. She GRAB Christian’s arm, and then -- Ylva LEAPS OFF THE PRECIPICE. Connie and Simon SCREAM. Th woman plummets 200 feet to LAND FATALLY on the jagged roc below. Upon impact, a FLOCK OF BIRDS ALIGHTS from a tree. Connie SCREAMS. Our group is shocked into horrified silence. Dani looks l she’s been knocked out of her body. The birds fly over Da head, and a sudden rush courses through her. Disassociated, Dani turns to look at Connie and Simon, wh are freaking out. Then Christian points upward, redirecting Dani’s dazed attention to the cliff-top. Dani’s EYES scan back up to see... DAN - the elder whose torch burnt out before circling the house three times - is_now stepping up to the precipice. also strikes a POSE, also reaching for the awesome, but h is slightly clumsier. He wobbles, but he holds the pose. While holding it, he turns to look down...at Dani.
43) 0) text: Everyone is walking back from the beach. JOSH rushes feverishly toward the Main House. Christian’s eyes are trained on him as he moves to Dani, who looks destroyed.
43) 1) dialog: You okay, sweetie?
43) 3) dialog: Okay. Good idea. I’1l find you in a bit? Dani walks off, addled. Christian ACCELERATES to follow J 49
45) 0) text: Two Hargan men remove two stools from the stage (those belonging to Ylva and Dan) and rearrange the remaining stools. Mark watches. In the BG, Josh arrives at the Main House and enters. Christian hastily approaches in the distance.
46) 0) text: Josh anxiously pulls his LAPTOP from his backpack. He sit the mattress as the computer boots up. Christian enters awkwardly - eyes on Josh. He appears to summoning the courage to say something. He closes the doo behind him.
46) 1) dialog: Hey dude...
46) 4) dialog: So listen: I’ve been wanting to ask you, or tell you, or just - mention to you something I’ve been thinking about... Josh looks up. He DARKENS with concern. CHRISTIAN (CONT’D I’ve just been thinking, and I’ve decided...I really think I wanna do my thesis here. On Harga. Josh doesn't react. Christian nervously continues:
46) 5) dialog: And I wanted to tell you first, so that it didn’t seem like I wasn’t telling you.
46) 12) dialog: What the fuck?
46) 15) dialog: Oh my God! In case you forgot, Your Highness, we’re both earning the same degree--
46) 20) dialog: I wanna do my thesis here. If you want to as well, I’d be happy to discuss collaborating. If not, I guess we'll have two separate theses on the Hargas. Christian leaves. Josh sits motionless.
47) 0) text: Christian emerges from the Main House, extremely tense. N the door, a very pale SIMON smokes a cigarette with Conni Mark stands with them, stunned.
47) 5) dialog: Excuse me? Hi. Sorry to bother you... Maja looks up - not understanding. She looks almost panic
47) 8) dialog: I’m Christian. Ulla insert herself:
47) 10) dialog: Hi Ulla. Maja. I, uh -- What are you guys doing?
47) 12) dialog: I was wondering, uh, if I could ask - (pulls out pen and paper) - how many of those Attestupans you guys have seen performed.
47) 15) dialog: Right. Okay. And what would be, like, a typical mourning period? For grieving?
47) 18) dialog: Okay No problem. Thank you. I might find you to ask more later? Ulla smiles “okay” and walks off with Maja. They wave goodbye.
47) 19) dialog: Goodbye. (to Maja) ‘Bye Maja. Maja smiles timidly and waves goodbye again.
47) 29) dialog: Hey. Dani’s eyes open with a start. She turns to him.
47) 30) dialog: How we doing?
47) 34) dialog: You gonna be okay?
47) 36) dialog: I mean, of course, it was shocking. But I’m also trying to keep an open mind. Dani just stares at him.
47) 37) dialog: It’s - cultural. We abandon our elderly to nursing homes. I’m sure they find that disturbing. Dani EYES him, disturbed by his nonchalance. She then see In the b.g., a congregation of MEN and WOMEN (all holding lanterns) are migrating off together. At the front of the queue are men carrying the BEJEWELLED TREE (which we saw men decorating earlier). DAGNY, whom we met earlier, splits from the group to RUN to Dani and Christian.
47) 42) dialog: It’s okay. We can brave it together.
48) 4) dialog: Hey.
48) 8) dialog: (can’t help himself) Don’t you fuckin’ kinda hate Josh?
51) 0) text: Dani has pulled Christian to a secluded spot. She is very high-strung. In the b.g., the Hargas’ WATER POWER PLANT i visible.
51) 2) dialog: Okay: look: I know it’s weird. That’s because it’s alien. We haven't ever been exposed to anything like this.
51) 3) dialog: No, Christian: this is pagan nature worship. This is completely backwards. We shouldn't be here. We just need to acclimate--
51) 5) dialog: Baby, I cannot leave right now. Period. I’m doing my thesis on these guys-—
51) 7) dialog: Since I decided! Today. Which you know has been a nightmare for me to figure out. And I made the mistake of telling Josh and now he’s competing with me-- 59 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 66
51) 9) dialog: So let him have it if he wants it! We shouldn’t be here, Christian. No, hey - have you even seen what’s happening here?! This level of tradition? And nobody knows about it, nobody's written on it - and they've invited us to be part of it! Can’t you see what a privilege that is?! Because Pelle did! But why have they invited us? Because he trusts us! And why did Pelle?!
51) 12) dialog: (stubborn) Not necessarily. Dani HESITATES, seeing that she’s getting nowhere.
51) 14) dialog: Then you can leave. I invited you to come, and I don’t regret that, but I’m here for a reason. Beat. Christian’s eyes are ice cold.
51) 16) dialog: (momentarily stunned) What does that have to do with this?
51) 18) dialog: Oh fuck - can we maybe spare our relationship your textbook psychology keywords? 59 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 67
51) 21) dialog: (finished) Oh, please - give yourself some credit, babe. Looks to me like you've got it all figured out. Christian turns to walk away, but then he STOPS. He turns back to Dani, suddenly furious.
51) 22) dialog: Actually, you know what? I’m just gonna say something. When you casually gift me a bouquet of impromptu flowers, all I wonder is how and when I'm supposed to pay that back.
51) 26) dialog: Yeah, fine - see? Play the wounded party again. You're just this self- denying altruist and I'm a paranoid dick. You don't have a conniving bone in your body!
51) 30) dialog: Fine, great - so never mind. You're right. I’m the asshole.
51) 31) dialog: Nobody’s the asshole! No, I clearly am! You selflessly give me flowers and I feel trapped. Fuck. I’m supposed to be WORKING here! Christian turns and STORMS away.
54) 11) dialog: What’s going on?
54) 14) dialog: Holy shit. That’s incredible. Thank you so much. You're splitting it with Josh.
54) 15) dialog: (as if Josh isn’t there) I already told him that’s totally fine with me. Pelle notices Christian glancing over at Maja.
54) 17) dialog: Oh. Yeah. I think I noticed. Ulf, in the BG, has now taken to praying silently (standi upright with his eyes closed).
54) 19) dialog: Ha. What’s that?
54) 47) dialog: Hey! (seeing him) Oh!
54) 48) dialog: You get some good sleep? They arrive at each other. He gives her a peck. In the BG the other goat-chopper is standing and silently praying. About twenty other Hargans stand about in the distance, staring shocked at the scene with Ulf and Mark.
54) 50) dialog: Mark’s just completely retarded. Dani thinks to ask more, but instead:
54) 52) dialog: ..-How you feeling? 64 65 66 67 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 74
54) 55) dialog: Well - me neither. Christian looks like he wants to say more. Dani waits for Finally, Christian thinks better of it.
54) 56) dialog: Are you feeling less nervous today? Dani pauses uncertainly at this. HORNS bellow in the BG. The surrounding Hargans cease working and everyone, including Dani and Christian, look off in the same direction.
59) 3) dialog: How are roles or jobs assigned?
59) 5) dialog: Hey. You okay?
59) 7) dialog: (faux concern) Really? That’s so shitty. Christian bluntly returns his attention to Valentin.
59) 8) dialog: (to Happy Man) Actually - what about coupling? Is incest ever a problem? Dani PAUSES, disturbed by Christian’s indifference. For t first time, she actually looks scared of him.
65) 0) text: The dining tables are now set in a runic pattern (symboli TBD). Everyone is seated. Christian, Dani, Josh and Mark sit at a table. Pelle is seated a few seats away. Dani glances over at him. He smi warmly and looks away. Dani’s eyes LINGER on him. The SERVERS are laying plates in front of everyone. One es specially COY-LOOKING SERVER sets a plate in front of ISTIAN. It features the special meat pie with the BASIL L on top.
65) 1) dialog: Thanks. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 86
65) 4) dialog: I think Mark did earlier.
65) 8) dialog: Okay, well, that’s a relief.
65) 10) dialog: I’m sure it was just miscommunication.
65) 12) dialog: .-.The hell does that mean?
65) 19) dialog: (mock-delighted) Oh, what? You wanna collaborate now? Josh ignores this and moves on to his food.
65) 20) dialog: I_know that one elder gave you a glimpse.
65) 25) dialog: It’s just a hair.
69) 0) text: Breakfast time. The tables are shaped to form the “stability” pattern. Dani, Christian and Pelle look quizzical y around. The community is dressed in more colorful clothes than usual.
69) 4) dialog: I’m honestly not too concerned. Sten stands up. A hush falls cleanly over the scene.
69) 6) dialog: (under his breath) Fuck. (to Dani and Pelle) Which of you is surprised?
70) 0) text: Breakfast has ended. Christian, Dani and Pelle deposit th dirty dishes at the washing station, only to turn around see ARNE and STEN walking toward them. Our group anticipa the following question:
70) 2) dialog: I know. We have no idea.
70) 4) dialog: Yes, obviousl but I swear to you — we are comple ely in the dark on this. We are every bit as confused as you are. 89 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 91
70) 9) dialog: But Mark wouldn't have done this. Josh, however: he came to bed with us, and when we woke up: he was gone. And if he did take that book, T just pray you understand: we do not identify as friends of his, or collaborators, or an thing. I certainly don't vouch for him and we'd be so embarrassed to be connected to this in any way. Beat. ARNE relents.
70) 10) dialog: ..-Let’s just hope it gets returned. Yes. I hope that very much.
70) 15) dialog: (nervous ) Why? The Elder doesn’t have the answer. CHRISTIAN (CONT’D) ..-Which one is hers? The Elder points to a SMALL WHITE HOUSE across the field. Christian nods “okay” and starts toward it. As he walks, hears: 89 90 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 92
72) 4) dialog: I just need to say, I have no idea where Josh went, and I can swear to that on my mother’s life.
72) 6) dialog: About Maja? Siv just waits.
72) 7) dialog: How do I feel about her how?
72) 9) dialog: We haven’t even really spoken.
72) 11) dialog: (pause) I have someone here with me. I’m with Dani.
72) 13) dialog: So...you'’re asking me to what?
72) 15) dialog: ...-She’s very beautiful. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 95
72) 17) dialog: I think I ate one of her pubic hairs.
72) 19) dialog: Can I not have a unique glimpse without participating? Siv smiles at the silly question.
72) 20) dialog: Can I think about it?
72) 22) dialog: I don’t think I can.
73) 0) text: Christian emerges from the house in a daze. We track back him. His eyes are fraught as he wrestles with the moral quandary. But as he continues to walk/think, a vague SMIL sneaks onto his face. Christian looks ahead to see the DANCE COMPETITION in the distance. He’s walking toward it.
76) 0) text: Christian sits among the onlookers. He is chilled by his last encounter with Dani. Suddenly, he notices ULLA (whom he met earlier) walking toward him. She arrives at his feet, holding out the CUP of the flower-spiked water.
76) 2) dialog: What is it?
76) 4) dialog: (skeptical) What’s it do?
76) 6) dialog: -..I’m worried I’1l have a bad trip. Christian looks back to Maja. She’s now looking directly him. Her eyes are languid, confident. She doesn’t break t gaze. Christian turns to Ulla, and accepts the water. He sips i Sips it again. KNOCKS it back. Settling into the idea that he’s now going to hallucinate Christian looks back to the MAYPOLE. The women are still dancing in a circle.
80) 9) dialog: (almost inaudible) Why did you do that? The Large Man’s attention is now on Dani, whose head is tilted back as she tries to eat the herring whole (tail first). Sten holds it above her, feeding it into her mout Dani takes half of the herring into her mouth, starts to chew, and then coughs out the rest. This elicits ecstatic APPLAUSE. Dani, unnerved at first, lets out a childlike LAUGH.
85) 0) text: The girl finishes the flower path, ending at Christian's feet. All eyes are now on him. Christian, frozen for a moment, RISES. He takes one abrup step forward, and then continues warily toward the Temple
86) 0) text: Christian enters the foyer of the temple. The temple door are closed and muffled humming is heard from within. MATS dressed in ceremonial dress, stands in waiting. He hands Christian a WHITE GOWN.
88) 0) text: Christian has changed into the WHITE GOWN. He steps nervo out from behind the modesty panel.
88) 1) dialog: What now? Mats now turns to a MAN WITH HAIR COVERING HIS FACE (look like the back of a head). He hands Mats a STONE POT. Mats turns to raise the pot toward Christian’s face. Christian looks very unnerved by the man whose face is covered in h 97 98 99 100 101 102
89) 0) text: It is dark, save for several burning candles. In the center of the room, lying on a lush bed of freshly birch twigs and WILD FLOWERS, is MAJA. She is NUDE, lying her back, legs together. Several OLDER WOMEN, mostly in their 30s and 40s (some in their 50s and 60s), stand at the back of the room. They a also NUDE. The humming comes from them. Christian is too stoned to react. He regards the room as would a dreamscape. The humming starts to build as the women SING in the Harg wordless, groaning, microtonal tradition. Maja tilts her head and her eyes move toward the front door...at Christian. One Woman now steps up_to draw Christian’s gown OFF of hi shoulders. He is fluidly DISROBED. Now standing naked, he directed towards Maja, who waits nervously. Christian seems to LEVITATE six inches off the ground and then FLOATS gently across the room (clearly a product of escalating hallucination). As he approaches Maja, the singing intensifies. Maja’s LEGS timidly PART. Christian, approaching swiftly, looks down at her. Her eyes are clos as she waits to be taken. The singing rises to an operati pitch.
91) 0) text: Christian has descended to his knees. He sits between Maj legs, preparing himself. He looks extremely intoxicated. Maja’s eyes are Squeezed shut as she anticipates what’s c Christian awkwardly leans down to gently KISS her lips. W opening her eyes, she kisses back - slowly, sensually. Th singing rises and falls (out of harmony) with trembling impatience. 105 106 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 106
93) 0) text: Dani enters the foyer of the temple. Beyond the closed do the singing/moaning has reached an operatic intensity. Dani takes a moment to gather herself, and then she bends down to peer through the door’s KEYHOLE. Through the keyhole, Dani sees Christian’s BACK as he “ma love” to Maja. The surrounding women have fallen deeper i their trance. They are all HOLDING THEIR BREASTS. With ev one of Christian’s thrusts, the women PUMP THEIR BREASTS THEIR HANDS - moaning in tandem with Maya. Dani’s eyes go WIDE with horror. Stunned, Dani backs away from the keyhole. She suddenly doubles over and RETCHES. She rushes out of the temple.
96) 0) text: The ceremony has nearly reached its apogee. The singing h eaked, and Christian is thrusting faster and harder than efore. Maja, eyes still closed, is in a state of absolute EUPHORIA. She moans in ecstasy, and the room has filled w a cacophony of sympathetic moans. Christian suddenly looks ill. He begins to slow down.
97) 0) text: Christian exits the temple. He looks around, increasingly disoriented. He looks down to see the fresh puddle of Dan VOMIT. This triggers him to retch. He moves desperately a from the vomit. Standing at a distance, several isolated Hargans watch Christian stumbling about. Christian tries to ignore them walks toward the MAIN HOUSE, but as he approaches » he he the CHORUS OF CRYING (coming from Dani and the young wome and he immediately changes his trajectory. Christian is now walking toward the BOOK BINDING HOUSE. As he nears the house, he sees that the TRUCK (which was supposedly stolen) is now parked beside it. Christian’s e buzz with suspicion. He then looks downward...at a GARDEN in front of the book binding house. It is in the shape of a CIRCLE. And at the heart of that circle...a FOOT, its sole facing skyward, protrudes from the soil. A symbol has been painted onto t sole. (It is Josh’s foot.) 111 112 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 109
97) 2) dialog: (to himself, in denial) That’s not that. That wasn’t... He walks off hurriedly toward a SMALL HOUSE. He opens the door to reveal that it’s a CHICKEN COOP.
98) 0) text: Christian enters. He shuts the door behind him. Chickens stupidly about. Christian tries to regain his composure. But as he tries steady his breath, he SEES... Across the room, SIMON - naked - is suspended midair. His arms are outstretched, his body faced downwards, and it looks like he’s flying. (In fact, he’s being held up by flora-decorated ro es « His BACK HAS BEEN OPENED UP, his RIBS SEPARATED FRO! IS SPINE (reaching outward like claws and his LUNGS HAVE BEEN PULLED UP TO LOOK LIKE OUTSPREAD WINGS. It appears that his bloody “wings” have also been covered in bird feed. In fact, one chicken is currently standing on his back, pecking at a rib. Frozen in horror, Christian stares unblinkingly.
98) 1) dialog: Josh? Christian’s eyes fill intensely with TEARS. He starts tow Simon, whose lung-wings are subtly SWELLING and DEFLATING He’s still breathing. Driven by morbid compulsion, Christian crouches under Sim to make sure that it’s Simon’s face, and he confirms that is, BUT... His EYES HAVE BEEN REMOVED and the sockets have been stuf with BRILLIANTLY COLORED FLOWERS. Terrified, Christian turns - as if to run from this night - but he SLAMS into... ODD, who is wearing a garland crown. Odd blows a handful BROWN POWDER in Christian’s face. Christian can’t help bu BREATHE IT IN. He coughs out a lungful of the mysterious dust. Stunned for a moment, Christian stumbles back. He tries t move his legs, but they are suddenly FROZEN. Now immobile Christian drunkenly COLLAPSES. He writhes into panic, una to move. His eyes are LOCKED OPEN. He sees a gathering of Hargans outside the door. Among th is PELLE. Christian looks pleadingly at Pelle. Pelle look away with shame. Odd leans down. With his fingers, he CLOSES one of Christian’s EYELIDS. He then CLOSES the other. As this li shuts, we GO TO BLACK. HOLD ON BLACK. After a beat, we sharply cut to: 113 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 110
99) 0) text: A TIGHT CLOSE-UP of Christian’s sleeping face. His Hip is slightly contorted, and his chin is chapped with drie saliva. A HAND enters frame to gently SLAP Christian awak His eyelids do not open on their own. The hand's fingers PRY OPEN Christian’s EYELIDS. His lip remains contorted. He tries to speak, but it’s nothing bu vowels
103) 0) text: A room that is typically used for book-binding. Its walls lined with collector’s editions of books. A DEAD BEAR (seen earlier, alive and caged) lies on the i table. A deep INCISION has been drawn from the animal’s n its groin. Two Hargan Labourers pull out the bear’s INNAR After scooping out the majority of its guts, they pile th waste into a bucket. Then, with the assistance of two well-built Hargan men, t Labourers endeavor to lift CHRISTIAN’s paralyzed body. Christian is fitted into the bear’s hollowed out carcass. They start by inserting his limp legs into the bear’s leg
104) 0) text: Humming and music has started very quietly outside. Christian has been secured into the giant bear carcass. T incision (from its groin to its neck) has been SEWN UP. T bear’s JAW has been removed, creating a gap. HOLE (down t its upper chest) through which Christi n’s Fate is visibl Five Hargan labourers plant the bear carcass in the CENTE the hay platform. Its back rests against a hay pile. Chri is still unable to move or speak. His muffled screams per A man dressed as “Vidorr” (god of vengeance ) stands befo Christian. He holds the Rubi Radr in his hands.
106) 0) text: The fire has grown considerabl Inside the bear, Christian is now being steam-boiled in t é animal’s fluids: The bear's FUR begins to catch fire. Before long, the who animal is swallowed in the blaze. Christian’s wretched fa becomes invisible behind the flames. Ulf and Ingemar (still smiling) watch this with detached fascination. The fire has now spread to other piles of hay. It has beg to crawl up the walls of the house. Ulf is suddenly consumed by flames. He SCREAMS!