17) 12) dialog: Hey. Hello.
31) 0) text: MEANWHILE: Our group is still sitting in the same place Gatong with Connie and Ingemar). They watch the passing ancers with fascination.
31) 3) dialog: Alright? Ta. Simon sits.
31) 6) dialog: Skin the fool?
32) 11) dialog: (to Christian and Dani) So, how long’ve you two been together?
32) 18) dialog: (correcting) Well - we‘d been on a date. Which I wasn’t even actually aware that it was a ate. 34 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 42
32) 34) dialog: This is fucking cool. Continuing the lateral track, we move slowly along it (ha now become Connie’s POV). In a series of seven panels, th carpet dramatizes the following... 1) A love-stricken girl in a server outfit (profile) star longingly, with hearts for eyes, at a boy sitting frontal 2) The girl in a large field, walking backwards as she gathers flowers. 3) A dual-panel, first depicting: The gi laying flowers under her pillow. And then: the girl aslee dreaming about the boy. A dream bubble hovers over her he Inside of it: the girl and the boy (with spiraling eyes) kissing at their wedding. 4) The girl in the kitchen. She crouches over a coffee cup and drips menstrual blood into cup. 5) A triple panel, first depicting: The girl snips o her pubic hairs, then a close-up of the pubic hair being snipped, and then the girl mixing the disparate hairs int pancake batter. 6) The girl handing the boy the pancake a drinks the coffee. 7) The boy’s face, spirals for eyes. 8 The boy kisses the girl, who is now pregnant in a wedding dress. They both have hearts for eyes.
32) 36) dialog: How do you think I nailed you down? We have passed the carpet to see our group arriving at th Main House in the BG.
40) 0) text: The community has gathered on the rocky | galley. Tall CL loom imposingly. The baby cries in the . Our group stands to the side, along with Simon, Connie an Ingemar. Christian turns to DANI, who looks extremely une
42) 0) text: Everyone looks up at the cliff’s peak. Dani is SWEATING B now, her breathing erratic. Finally, YLVA appear at the edge. Rapt silence. Ylva stands there for a long time. Mesmerized, Josh steps slowly to the side (away from Dani Christian) to get a better look. His eyes are glued to th cliff-top. Ylva, having now summoned total confidence, assumes a GRA POSE, twisting her arms and legs into a standing fetal position, and extending her neck/head into a glorious rea for the heavens. This pose represents a final statement. Dani BRACES herself. Her TEETH begin to chatter. She GRAB Christian’s arm, and then -- Ylva LEAPS OFF THE PRECIPICE. Connie and Simon SCREAM. Th woman plummets 200 feet to LAND FATALLY on the jagged roc below. Upon impact, a FLOCK OF BIRDS ALIGHTS from a tree. Connie SCREAMS. Our group is shocked into horrified silence. Dani looks l she’s been knocked out of her body. The birds fly over Da head, and a sudden rush courses through her. Disassociated, Dani turns to look at Connie and Simon, wh are freaking out. Then Christian points upward, redirecting Dani’s dazed attention to the cliff-top. Dani’s EYES scan back up to see... DAN - the elder whose torch burnt out before circling the house three times - is_now stepping up to the precipice. also strikes a POSE, also reaching for the awesome, but h is slightly clumsier. He wobbles, but he holds the pose. While holding it, he turns to look down...at Dani.
47) 2) dialog: I can’t stay here four more days, I’m sorry. That’s fine. I can’t, either. Mark turns to Christian:
48) 3) dialog: (shakes head) Someone better not be launching off another fucking cliff. Christian sees MARK behind them, and slows down to join h
49) 0) text: Everyone arrives at a lake. Trees at the short have been decorated with lanterns, and torches glow at the opposite side of the water. Siv walks up to a mystified Dani and Connie.
49) 2) dialog: The lanterns?
50) 21) dialog: So, is this just like a Wiccan thing??
57) 0) text: The ceremony has ended. Simon and Connie stand frozen, traumatized. Simon is visi DISTRAUGHT. He stares up at the top of the HILL, where th blood-drained animals are now being taken from the pillor
57) 15) dialog: What does that mean?!
58) 1) dialog: Are you okay, Connie? (not stopping) Yeah. Sorry. We’re actually leaving. We stay outside with Dani and Pelle in a wide. Before lon ODD comes running up.
58) 7) dialog: What? - and you’1l meet him there.
58) 8) dialog: No. Why would he go without me? He wouldn’t do that.
58) 10) dialog: What does that mean? That’s not true. Why wouldn’t he tell me?
58) 12) dialog: So I could've sat on his lap!
58) 14) dialog: (to Odd) . They just left without me, just now?
60) 0) text: Dani walks idly around, thinking about her exchange with Pelle (and about Simon leaving Connie). She holds the her ouch that Pelle gave to her. As the gears turn in her hea er attention falls on... 76
100) 0) text: CU of a WHEEL rolling across the grass. Tracking alongsid this, we tilt up to reveal that it belongs to a WHEELBARR Lying in the wheelbarrow is CONNIE’S CORPSE. It is soakin and its flesh is grossly distended (from being left underwater). She is wearing the same outfit (of greenery jewels) that was used earlier for the sacrificial tree (w was fed to the lake). Continuing to track alongside the wheelbarrow (which is pushed by a young male Hargan), we pull back to EXPAND OU VIEW. We reveal that the Hargan is carting Connie’s corps toward the yellow-painted TRIANGULAR TEMPLE, which was previously off-limits. It stands in the center of an open ield. Its door is now OPEN. We settle on a static wide of this until a NEW CART is pu into frame. We now follow this cart, keeping it centered frame. This cart holds MARK’S “CORPSE.” In fact, it is ju his hollowed out SKIN - stuffed with straw and hay. Atop head is a jester’s hat. Peripherally, other bodies are being carted toward the ho We continue to track ahead, following Mark’s cart INTO th SACRED HOUSE...
101) 0) text: The interior is completely adorned in greenery. An imposs lush mausoleum. In the center is a PLATFORM made of hay. Connie’s corpse is rested against one wall. Mark’s is seated against the opposite wall. Beyond them, to either side, are the TWO ELDER TREE-CORPS that were standing upright in the crowd. The male body is surrounded by his most precious belongings (jewelry, book etc.). The dead female elder is also surrounded by her mo prized possessions. Beyond them, at the far end of the temple, is... JOSH'S BODY, which is covered in dirt and soil. His eyes nostrils are clogged with earth. His face is locked into gagged scream, his mouth utterly stuffed with paper (from Rubi Radr). Stacks of books rest on his lap (and atop tho his smartphone stands on its side, facing outward). And beside Josh... 115 116 117 118 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 113