3) 0) text: The young woman lowers the cell from her ear. This is DANI (25), a beautiful but delicate brunette. (She is the irl from the photo). She hangs up, and turns to her aptop. An EMAIL from Terri Ardor, titled “dear dani,” is displayed. It reads: i cant anymore - everything’s black - mom and dad are coming too. goodbye. Dani stares at this, anxiety rising. She picks up her pho hesitates, and then calls Christian. Four rings. CHRISTIAN (25) answers. The rest of this scen will be shot in a VERY TIGHT CLOSE-UP of Dani. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 2
3) 3) dialog: Hey sweetie. What you up to?
3) 5) dialog: Oh nice. In the b. Tyr we hear a young man repeating “hi Dani, hi hi Dani..
3) 8) dialog: So I was pest calling to see if you were still wanting to get together.
3) 10) dialog: I mean, not concretely. I was just seeing.
3) 13) dialog: Well...I’ve now sent her three emails and still no response. I’m starting to get a little nervous.
3) 18) dialog: Well - but she’s my sister. And even you admit this last email was different...
3) 20) dialog: Okay « Yeah. You’re right. You are right.
3) 22) dialog: No, I do know you’re right. I just needed to be reminded. Thank you. I’m really lucky to have you.
3) 25) dialog: Okay. See you later?
3) 27) dialog: Okay. “Bye Mark!”
3) 29) dialog: All right. Love you. Bye. Dani hangs up. Her eyes are wide with insecurity.
4) 0) text: Dani stands in the kitchen, mid-phone conversation. FRAUGHT. She paces when she’s not speaking.
4) 1) dialog: It’s just in his tone - you can hear it. It’s like he’s trying to work up the nerve to say something.
4) 6) dialog: Oh - just some ominous_bullshit! She does it all the time! It’s torture, and I’ve been completely leaning on him for support! What if I overwhelmed him and now he thinks I have too much baggage? Dani returns the prescription bottle. The label reads ATI
4) 8) dialog: No! Not if I went too far! What if I leaned too heavily? Dani has returned to her laptop.
4) 11) dialog: But he never asks for anything from me! I' ve never even seen him cry! So I'm the only one leaning!
5) 21) dialog: (distantly) +..NO, nO, no, no, no, no, no...
8) 0) text: The bedroom of the sleeping MAN and WOMAN (in their 60s, the beginning). It is very clear now that they are DEAD. Two police officers survey the room. HARD CUTS to the man and woman being ZIPPED UP into body INT. TERRI’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 10 TERRI (24), Dani’s sister, sits on the floor of her bedro beside her desk. The end of the other gardening hose has DUCT-TAPED TO HER MOUTH. A mess of vomit has dried around edges of the hastily applied tape. On Terri’s desk: her LAPTOP. It is open to the EMAIL THRE between her and Dani. In the bottom right corner of the screen: “3 New Messages from Dani Ardor.”
9) 0) text: Dreamy snowfall in Brooklyn. Christian, bundled up in layers, RUNS down the street. He approaching DANI’S BUILDING, but even as he rushes, he’s going as fast as he possibly could. There’s an ambivalenc is stride. He enters the front door of Dani’s building. INT. DANI’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 12 Wide on the LIVING ROOM. We’re centered on the COUCH, whe Christian sits. Dani has crumbled there, her head Shaking violently against Christian’s lap as she WEEPS. Behind th a WINDOW showcases snowfall against the dark night. Dani’s sobs are possessed of a profound despair. It’s so intense that it looks painful - dangerous even. We are pushing in on this, toward them. Christian’s eyes wide with worry. A worry that goes beyond Dani’s well-bei He stares into space, imagining a future that he’s being chained to. He looks TRAPPED. 12 13 14 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 8
9) 3) dialog: (looking to him) Hey. (sitting up) I’m up.
9) 6) dialog: I wasn’t sleeping anyway. Christian pauses briefly, as if this clashes with his plans.
9) 8) dialog: Okay. I’1l just get dressed. Christian nods for a little too long, then “smiles” and leaves the room. Dani rises. Stands for a moment. Heavy.
10) 0) text: A PARTY in a brownstone full of circulating twenty- somethings. Dani stands with Christian, who chats with Josh, Mark (holding two beers), Pelle, and a stoned HIPSTER GUY (26)
10) 7) dialog: .«..Oh yeah? Dani turns to Christian, who now looks semi-panicked.
10) 9) dialog: For when? Dani feigns casualness as she looks inquiringly to the gu
11) 0) text: Dani sits in the back seat of a Lyft car. Christian sits the front passenger seat. Dani’s eyes are BUSY with nag gaging paranoid thoughts. Christian, very tense, turns ook back at Dani. He forces a casual “hey” smile. Ambivalent, she “smiles” back. INT. DANI’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 16 The door opens. Christian and Dani enter. Christian goes his laptop and turns it on. Dani stays by the door, still preoccupied. Christian looks to her.
11) 3) dialog: I mean - yeah. I’m okay. That was just...very weird. aying dw What ( vast g ) Dani looks at him: “Seriously?” Christian widens his eyes “What was weird?"
11) 4) dialog: The...Sweden! I had no idea.
11) 6) dialog: Okay, fine, but I didn’t know you were going.
11) 8) dialog: You already have a ticket! Beat. Christian now looks cornered.
11) 12) dialog: You told me it would be “cool to go.”
11) 16) dialog: You didn't apologize, you said - (shrugs ) - "sorry." Which sounds more like "too bad." Beat. Christian’s eyes are now very cold.
11) 18) dialog: .-.I’m just trying to understand.
11) 21) dialog: I'm not trying to attack you.
11) 23) dialog: Well...I’m sorry! I am sorry. I just got confused. Christian’s eyes, looking down, haven’t begun to thaw. Da now desperate to reverse the mood, sits on the couch. She beckons him.
11) 24) dialog: Come on: Sit with me. I'm sorry. That just felt weird, that's all. I think oing to Sweden could be really great or you. That sounds amazing. Are you going for your thesis?
11) 26) dialog: (brightly) I know! It could be inspiring! Right?
11) 31) dialog: I get paranoid. I'm sorry. I'm going through all this stuff and I've been dealing with all this panic and I just - overreacted. i'm not trying to pyt pressure or accuse you of anything. just got crazy for a second. I didn t mean to project. Christian strokes her hair.
11) 34) dialog: What do you mean?
11) 36) dialog: To Sweden? Christian nods a stiff “yes.”
11) 37) dialog: You don’t want me to.
11) 56) dialog: How’s it going?
11) 58) dialog: Nice. A brief, awkward pause.
11) 60) dialog: Yeah!
11) 62) dialog: I think so...! If it’s not completely destroying your guys’ male bonding plans.
11) 68) dialog: Ooh, that’s a beautiful drawing.
11) 70) dialog: How’ve you been?
11) 73) dialog: How did you like the Anthropology department?
11) 75) dialog: Psychology. Yeah. That’s how you know I’m nuts.
11) 77) dialog: Yeah! I can’t wait. Christian says you've got a special thing in the woods planned?
11) 81) dialog: -+-Christian says you’re from a really small community? 17 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 16
11) 84) dialog: Depends on which of those you mean. PELLE . Oh - ha! No: we're just very secluded... Pelle pulls up a PHOTO on his phone. Shows it to Dani. It features a lush, impossibly green field. Young men and wo 1. stand about - all dressed e hippies in white.
11) 86) dialog: Looks like a Swedish hippie renaissance fair. (noticing another photo) Who's this one? Dani is pointing out a photo of a YOUNG WOMAN (20s) in an impressive flower dress. (We will later discover her to b Ulla.)
11) 88) dialog: Beautiful. A thoughtful pause before he asserts:
11) 90) dialog: (cheekily) Oh yeah? For who?
11) 96) dialog: No, I mean - thank you. I just.. I'm sorry. (stands up suddenly I'll be right back. Bathroom. Thank you. Dani rushes off. Pelle watches her with blank eyes. Dani, stifling tears, enters the BATHROOM.
12) 0) text: Dani has entered an airplane’s lavatory, stifling an onco deluge, After shutting th the door behind her, she BREAKS in a fit of violent SOBS
13) 0) text: We are WIDE, looking down the length of the plane. We tra forward, drifting over the heads of passengers. In the b.g., Dani exits the javatory and returns to her s Christian is seated beside her at the window. We have arr at a PROFILE CU of them (the window in the b.g.). Christian takes Dani’s hand and smiles at her. It’s clear she’s been crying, but she hides it behind a determinedly casual “all is well" expression. Christian goes along with the pretending, and looks out t WINDOW. We have begun a slow ZOOM past them, toward the window. The window soon FILLS the Peame . We are flying o beautiful terrain. We have entered SWEDEN. The captain announces this in Swedish over the intercom.
14) 0) text: Our group, now in a rental minivan, drives through Stockh traffic. Pelle is at_the wheel. Mark sits passenger, hold a film theory book. In the back: Dani, Christian and Josh (who reads the Poetic Edda). They pass a group of BEAUTIFUL BLONDE WOMEN.
14) 6) dialog: How far are we driving?
15) 0) text: Dani’s phone VIBRATES, waking her up. She checks it... DANI'S PHONE: A friend has just posted on her Facebook pa “Happy early birthday! Hope tomorrow is the best one yet! Dani doesn’t react. She looks to the side to notice a boo Josh's lap. The Secret Nazi Language of the Uthark. Its c is a runic pattern.
15) 1) dialog: Why are you reading that?
15) 4) dialog: (to Josh) What are you doing your thesis on, again?
15) 6) dialog: (to Christian) That's similar to what you’re thinking of doing - right? For your thesis?
15) 8) dialog: See that, Pelle? You’ve managed to brainwash all your friends.
17) 0) text: The minivan idles up to a LARGE GRASSY MEADOW. It’s lush, impossibly green, magical. About twenty YOUNG PEOPLE (tee to twenties) lounge about. Tents and camping equipment abound. A few of the women are dressed in traditional whi dresses and don floral garland crowns. A couple of the me look like 19th century farmers, although most are dressed modern clothes. The minivan parks at the head of the field. Our group emerges, yawning and stretching. Dani is mesmerized. Pell WAVES to a group of young people picnicking on the grass. They clearly know each other well.
17) 17) dialog: (to Christian) I think I might need to find my footing first.
17) 27) dialog: You know what? That’s okay. I’m ready.
17) 29) dialog: I don’t. I’m ready.
17) 32) dialog: (considers Okay. Yeah. I’1ll have that. Thank you - Ingmar? Ingemar smiles confirmation and goes to fetch her a mug o tea.
17) 38) dialog: Yeah. It’s good. I’m excited.
18) 0) text: Dani sits on the grass with Christian and Pelle. Mark is to the side, stabbing at an ANT COLONY with a stick. Josh paces nearby. His stomach TURNS audibly.
18) 4) dialog: A little like I have food poisoning.
19) 0) text: JUMP CUT to Dani VOMITING into a bush. Christian stands n her.
20) 21) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m gonna walk.
20) 24) dialog: (to herself) No, that’s not good. No. No. She then stumbles onto a group of mirthful YOUTHS - all wearing flower garlands. They sit ina circle as ,a YQUNG WOMAN 1208) ) plays guitar and sings S& Lunka Vi SA Smani ina silly voice (to the laughter of the others). They all suddenly see Dani, the guitarist stops playing, and then...they all BURST OUT LAUGHING. Dani turns stiffly away, tears welling.
20) 25) dialog: No, no, no, no... Dani tensely | speed-walks away, looking down at the grou Her surroundings are THROBBING visibly (and more intensel than before). INGEMAR calls out to Dani.
20) 30) dialog: They were laughing at me over there.
20) 32) dialog: (terrified, forcing a smile) Okay. Sorry. Never mind. Thank you. Dani turns around and walks stiffly off.
20) 33) dialog: (trying to turn it around) It’s okay. It’s not that. You’re okay. It’s drugs. She continues toward a sturdy wooden OUTHOUSE. She hastil enters and SHUTS the door.
21) 0) text: The interior of the outhouse is pitch- -dark. We hear Dan fumbling for a box of MATCHES. After rummaging, she STRIK one match, and for the moment of the SPARK, we vaguely se TERRI (Dani’ s sister, duct tape over her mouth) in the d behind Dani. When the light settles, that image disappear The outhouse, now illuminated by candle-light, is very cl and cramped. Dani stands here for a moment.
21) 1) dialog: This is a coffin. (immediately reprimanding herself) Hey! No it’s not. Dani sees a MIRROR on the wall. She looks at it. Hard.
21) 2) dialog: Fuck you. Stop it. Suddenly her skin seems to take on a translucent quality. veins become faintly visible. Beneath her cheeks, it look like organic gears are turning. DANI SQUEEZES HER EYES SHUT. She takes a moment, trying t will that vision away. 26 27 28 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 26
21) 4) dialog: Don’t look in the mirror. It’s not your face. (saying that again, under scrutiny) “It’s not your face.” After a_long moment, Dani OPENS her eyes again. When they open, TEN ADDITIONAL EYES open simultaneously - all over face. Like spider eyes. Dani SCREAMS and FLEES the outhouse...
22) 0) text: Dani runs frantically across the field, desperately wipin off her face (as if to wipe off the extra eyes). We CHASE AFTER HER before CUTTING TO:
24) 0) text: Dani paces in the woods. Muffled techno drones in the distance.
24) 1) dialog: Hello?!... HELLO                        ! (redirecting her thoughts) It’s almost your birthday. Fuck. What time is it? (then, PAUSES) You were almost born... You're a baby. This gets to Dani. She now looks around the woods, fearfu Like a lost child.
24) 2) dialog: 
24) 5) dialog: No...no.... You’re alone. 29 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 28
24) 7) dialog: (a revelation) You’re alone. Dani sees a DEAD RABBIT. Its innards are splayed. Dani_ warily approaches. Magnetized but repulsed. As she the FEAR rises in her. She gets close enough to finally s The rabbit is being devoured by ANTS. Dani looks mortified, but her eyes are glued. She LEANS I look closer, but then -- she sees ANTS on her arm. (Wheth they’re there or not is unclear.) Dani SCREAMS. She viglently SLAPS at her arm. She then sw at her other arm, and starts slapping at her NECK and FAC as if she were engulfed in ants. (She’s not.) Dani looks down. The earth seems to now be a PULSATING CA OF ANTS. Dani SCREAMS and RUNS for her life. As she sprints:
24) 12) dialog: (still squeezing) Christian. Nothing means anything.
24) 14) dialog: (looking at him) Nothing means anything! We’re just alone. (tearing up) And I felt this presence - like God but not God - and it was showing me this and it was laughing at me.
24) 18) dialog: Oh my God what the fuck is that?! Dani is now pointing to a BIG TREE in the BG. SEVERAL BOA CARCASSES HANG FROM ITS BRANCHES. Christian sees it, but instantly turns away - denying it.
24) 26) dialog: (to Pelle) I wanna sleep. How can I sleep?
25) 0) text: CLOSE-UP OF DANI’S SLEEPING FACE. In the distance: a faint, barely discernible melody. It sounds like a flute. A HAND reaches into frame to nudge Dani. She stirs awake.
25) 2) dialog: ..-how long was I asleep? Dani sits up. It’s still BRIGHT outside. The visual surroundings are no longer morphin Mark and Pelle and Jos are standing. Christian is crouched beside her.
25) 3) dialog: Did it get dark at all?
25) 5) dialog: Is it tomorrow?
25) 7) dialog: Where are we going?
26) 0) text: Everyone from the meadow CRUNCHES through the woods. Our group is at the end of the queue (carrying their bags). A they walk, the MELODY is growing clearer and louder. It’s hypnotic tune. The group’s footing is unsteady. Dani, especially, keeps stumbling over her own feet. She grips Christian’s wrist. 30 31 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 31
27) 15) dialog: (amused, but slightly weirded out) Thank you.
27) 17) dialog: I love what you’re wearing.
28) 0) text: A group of TEENAGERS (all dressed in bright, formal garb) emerge from a kitchen. They carry PLATES OF FOOD (lamb an blood pudding) and BEER. They begin by serving the elders Dani sees that one of the teens is carrying an ornate pla featuring a LAMB’S SKULL (brain exposed) and a LAMB’S HEA The platter is bordered by a dense spiral of INTESTINES. is laid onto the center of a table that has been painstakingly decorated with local flowers.
31) 2) dialog: I’m too scared. SIMON approaches, carrying two beers. He momentarily gets caught in the crossfire of a group of YOUNG BOYS CHASING OTHER. He finally reaches Connie, and hands her a beer.
31) 13) dialog: Oh - my gosh. Pelle!
31) 16) dialog: Yeah, well - don’t worry. Christian forgot. Pelle PAUSES, surprised. He doesn’t know what to say.
31) 17) dialog: (immediately regretting) Or - I forgot to remind him. It doesn’t matter. Thank you so much for this, Pelle. It’s beautiful. She folds the drawing back up.
32) 12) dialog: Oh, jeez...almost four years now!
32) 14) dialog: (serious pause) You're joking. It'll be three in fifteen days. Christian thinks about that, and grudgingly concedes.
32) 23) dialog: (excited) You did?
33) 7) dialog: What happens when you turn 72, then? Pelle makes a comical THROAT SLASH gesture. Dani laughs, begins to walk off.
33) 9) dialog: Are these the May Queens?
33) 17) dialog: (confused) What?
33) 19) dialog: Where did that come from?
34) 0) text: The windows have been boarded up for the night. Soft sunl peeks from the edges. People are climbing into their beds. The baby is still CRYING, now in his CRIB, which is stationed near the beds of women in their twenties. The crib is made of severe— looking iron and metal. One woman lays a PAIR OF SCISSORS under the baby’s mattress. Dani, noticing this, looks inquiringly to Pelle.
34) 2) dialog: How real is that stuff for you guys?
34) 11) dialog: (to Josh) Is it scary? Josh teasingly raises his eyebrows: “You’ll see.”
36) 0) text: The dining tables have been set up to form a RUNE (representing the “cultivation of art, soul and craft”). Half of the community is already standing at the tables. other half is arriving now. Plates of food have already b placed. No one sits. OUR GROUP Gminus, Dani) arrives at one of the tables. The gaze aroun trying to understand the etiquette. They notic that a few Lingering GIRLS walk backwards through a neighboring field, picking FLOWERS.
36) 3) dialog: Ja!
37) 0) text: MAJA feverishly carves a small RUNE STONE in her lap. She hunched over to conceal her progress from curious eyes. The two elders are receiving lots of attention. Next to Dani, a blonde woman, KARIN (20s), cradles the CR BABY. She rests her forehead’ against the baby’s forehead moans empathically. She notices Dani watching this, and s turns and SMILES.
37) 2) dialog: Is your baby okay?
37) 6) dialog: Mine? Oh no, mine are... Dani makes a comic throat-slashing gesture, recalling Pelle’s; she then instantly feels guilty about it. Christ suddenly looks nervous about this exchange.
37) 11) dialog: (reacting) Oh God, no, I’m sorry. I shouldn't have said. We're enjoying our food.
37) 13) dialog: No, not at all! I just shouldn’t have mentioned it.
39) 3) dialog: Is this the thing you mentioned last night?
39) 6) dialog: (suddenly nervous) -..-Do I not want to do this?
39) 8) dialog: Okay. And what is “this”? Pelle pauses, considering his words. Dani grows more nerv 44 45 46 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 52
39) 10) dialog: What is Attestupan? Josh can’t suppress a smile - anticipating Pelle’s answer
40) 0) text: The community has gathered on the rocky | galley. Tall CL loom imposingly. The baby cries in the . Our group stands to the side, along with Simon, Connie an Ingemar. Christian turns to DANI, who looks extremely une
40) 3) dialog: No. I need to try. A HORN sounds. All eyes go to... SIV holds _a WOOD-BOUND BOOK whose cover is marked by run letters. She opens it and reads in silence for a moment. scripture is written in runes and unknown hieroglyphs (th AFFECT language).
42) 0) text: Everyone looks up at the cliff’s peak. Dani is SWEATING B now, her breathing erratic. Finally, YLVA appear at the edge. Rapt silence. Ylva stands there for a long time. Mesmerized, Josh steps slowly to the side (away from Dani Christian) to get a better look. His eyes are glued to th cliff-top. Ylva, having now summoned total confidence, assumes a GRA POSE, twisting her arms and legs into a standing fetal position, and extending her neck/head into a glorious rea for the heavens. This pose represents a final statement. Dani BRACES herself. Her TEETH begin to chatter. She GRAB Christian’s arm, and then -- Ylva LEAPS OFF THE PRECIPICE. Connie and Simon SCREAM. Th woman plummets 200 feet to LAND FATALLY on the jagged roc below. Upon impact, a FLOCK OF BIRDS ALIGHTS from a tree. Connie SCREAMS. Our group is shocked into horrified silence. Dani looks l she’s been knocked out of her body. The birds fly over Da head, and a sudden rush courses through her. Disassociated, Dani turns to look at Connie and Simon, wh are freaking out. Then Christian points upward, redirecting Dani’s dazed attention to the cliff-top. Dani’s EYES scan back up to see... DAN - the elder whose torch burnt out before circling the house three times - is_now stepping up to the precipice. also strikes a POSE, also reaching for the awesome, but h is slightly clumsier. He wobbles, but he holds the pose. While holding it, he turns to look down...at Dani.
43) 0) text: Everyone is walking back from the beach. JOSH rushes feverishly toward the Main House. Christian’s eyes are trained on him as he moves to Dani, who looks destroyed.
43) 2) dialog: (branching off) I need to not be here right now.
44) 0) text: Dani’s walk speeds into a SPRINT. Once out of sight, she stops behind the triangular temple, now HYPERVENTILATING. tries to steady her breath, but it’s too erratic. She bre down into violent SOBS. Thése are interrupted by a shrill RETCH.
47) 31) dialog: I can’t stop fucking shaking and my teeth keep chattering. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 61
47) 35) dialog: (looking up at him) Are you just not at all disturbed by what happened?
47) 39) dialog: Why? What’s happening now?
47) 41) dialog: (to Christian, whispering) I can’t do another thing. Dani looks to the queue, fraught. Among the line-up is an equally unnerved CONNIE.
48) 2) dialog: Did they tell you what this is?
49) 0) text: Everyone arrives at a lake. Trees at the short have been decorated with lanterns, and torches glow at the opposite side of the water. Siv walks up to a mystified Dani and Connie.
50) 0) text: A BELL is rung. Everyone’s attention has gone to the fron the lake. Dani looks extremely nervous. IRMA stands at the center of the shore. She SINGS a brief wordless song and then announces to the lake:
50) 14) dialog: (to Siv) No. What’s happening? Siv SMILES. The boy is taken to the edge of the lake, and the men beg to SWING him back and forth. They are preparing to launch into the water.
50) 15) dialog: 
51) 0) text: Dani has pulled Christian to a secluded spot. She is very high-strung. In the b.g., the Hargas’ WATER POWER PLANT i visible.
51) 1) dialog: Please Christian - we need to leave. This is feeling really wrong.
51) 4) dialog: I don’t want to acclimate! I want to leave.
51) 6) dialog: What? Since when?!
51) 10) dialog: And why would he trust you, of all people? You’re opportunistic anthropology students.
51) 13) dialog: I want to leave.
51) 15) dialog: ...Do you not love me anymore?
51) 17) dialog: (almost to herself) This is the devaluation phase. We've been in it for a long time now. Next comes the discard.
51) 20) dialog: No - this has been happening for a long time! You've been pulling away. And I've been in denial.
51) 23) dialog: (genuinely baffled) What? What flowers?! (suddenly remembers) At lunch?? I grabbed those on a whim!
51) 25) dialog: (incredulous) Are you serious?
51) 27) dialog: And what is it that you imagine I'm conniving?
51) 32) dialog: Oh my God. You’re gonna walk away now?? As he leaves, she cries out:
51) 33) dialog: You're just gonna leave me like this?! INT. THE MAIN HOUSE - “NIGHT” 60 People are closing the shutters, bringing the Main House darkness. Dani enters with sunken eyes. Christian’s already in bed. staring at him, Dani walks to JOSH. (She is pulling at he again.
51) 34) dialog: Do you have a sleeping pill?
52) 0) text: All of the beds are now empty, and morning activity is heard outside. Dani, however, is still asleep.
54) 49) dialog: What’s happening there?
54) 51) dialog: I’m sorry about last night.
54) 54) dialog: (pause, emotional) I don’t want us to be fighting, Christian.
55) 0) text: CU of a COW’S HEAD being . pushed through a hole in a PIL We ZOOM OUT of this to find that the pillory has addition holes (extending beyond both sides of the cow’s), and additional animals’ heads are being pushed through them. We_ eventually zoom out wide enough _to reveal that this illory, perched at the top of a HILL, has secured the hea of NINE ANIMALS S gone sheep, two goats, two dogs, a baby horse, a cow, two pigs). Sven stands to the side of the line-up. On the other side Siv, Dagny and Hanna. The entire community has congregated at the bottom of the hill. Dani looks very nervous. She turns to Pelle, who already looks concerned for her.
55) 1) dialog: I don’t want to be here, right?
56) 0) text: Dani enters the Main House, eyes crazed. She goes to her and begins hastily packing her bag. Her breathing is erra and she’s pulling at her neck again (as if to loosen the skin). Pelle enters.
56) 2) dialog: I’m really sorry, Pelle. Thank you for inviting me, but I really need to go. Can someone maybe drive me?
56) 4) dialog: I understand that it’s momentous.
56) 9) dialog: But I’m not an anthropologist. I don’t have the foundation to understand this.
56) 12) dialog: What is it?
56) 19) dialog: What?! (crying now) That’s not what I’m talking about! 69 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 77
56) 22) dialog: Christian could walk in.
56) 30) dialog: (re: the herb) Can I smell that again?
58) 0) text: She arrives at the MAIN HOUSE. Dani and Pelle are standin outside. They watch her storm past.
59) 6) dialog: ---Simon left without Connie.
60) 0) text: Dani walks idly around, thinking about her exchange with Pelle (and about Simon leaving Connie). She holds the her ouch that Pelle gave to her. As the gears turn in her hea er attention falls on... 76
60) 4) dialog: Sure! She steps up.
60) 5) dialog: Do you know...have you seen Simon?
60) 7) dialog: No. I didn’t. But that’s okay... (mind still racing) What are we making?
60) 10) dialog: Oh! She’s so beautiful! Meanwhile, MAJA is preparing a tray of unbaked MEAT PIES. of the pies is clearly very specia She distinguishes this one by laying a special BASIL LEAF on top.
61) 0) text: SIV_ stands among labouring men, staring at the KITCHEN WINDOW. She watches Dani. Behind her, the maypole is bein transported from its original placement.
63) 0) text: Five seconds earlier. Dani is taking pies out of the oven but then the same distant scream from the last scene make her HALT.
65) 0) text: The dining tables are now set in a runic pattern (symboli TBD). Everyone is seated. Christian, Dani, Josh and Mark sit at a table. Pelle is seated a few seats away. Dani glances over at him. He smi warmly and looks away. Dani’s eyes LINGER on him. The SERVERS are laying plates in front of everyone. One es specially COY-LOOKING SERVER sets a plate in front of ISTIAN. It features the special meat pie with the BASIL L on top.
65) 6) dialog: What? Where? JARL, a happy Hargan, inserts himself. (Valentin, beside smiles and nods in agreement through this.)
65) 9) dialog: Why would Simon would leave without her?
65) 11) dialog: (after a moment) I could see you possibly doing that.
65) 13) dialog: eeceese Never mind. Christian stares at Dani. Surprised at the uncharacterist defiance. Meanwhile, Mark has noticed ULF staring at him from a distance. Ulf has murder in his eyes.
65) 23) dialog: (inquiring) What is it?
65) 36) dialog: Somebody for everyone, I guess. Josh is so immersed in his thoughts, he didn’t even notic Mark being lured away. INT. THE MAIN HOUSE - “NIGHT” 83 Everybody is climbing into bed. Josh’s eyes, however, are BUSY. He’s thinking intensely about something. Dani sneaks up on him.
65) 37) dialog: Hey. can_I steal another sleeping ill? Only half this time.
69) 0) text: Breakfast time. The tables are shaped to form the “stability” pattern. Dani, Christian and Pelle look quizzical y around. The community is dressed in more colorful clothes than usual.
69) 1) dialog: Could Mark still be off with that girl?
69) 3) dialog: Then what about Josh?
70) 0) text: Breakfast has ended. Christian, Dani and Pelle deposit th dirty dishes at the washing station, only to turn around see ARNE and STEN walking toward them. Our group anticipa the following question:
70) 6) dialog: (not sure whether to say it) We did see Mark go off with one of the girls last night.
71) 0) text: ECU of a BRIGHT YELLOW-GREEN PASTE. It’s being MASHED vigorously in a bowl. The paste is made of ground-up flow A fat SCOOP of the paste is dropped into a LARGE GLASS JU OF SPRING WATER (perched on a table). The paste is STIRRE into the water. A queue of WOMEN (between 16 and 45) has formed behind th table. One by one, the women accept a CUP of the water. T drink it (sometimes after nervous hesitation). In the BG MAYPOLE. Dani has joined the line. KARIN (whom she befriended earlier) is in front of her.
71) 1) dialog: Everybody knows what this is?
72) 0) text: Three CIRCLES OF WOMEN have formed around the Maypole. Th inside circle (of about 8 women) is surrounded by the mid circle (about 15 women) which is surrounded by the larges outside circle (about 22 women). The men, children and older women have gathered on the gr to watch. IRMA stands with musicians (fiddler, key-harpis and floutist). Dani stands in the middle circle. All the neighboring wom look very excited. Dani looks down at the earth. At first everything looks normal, but then she notices...GRASS has begun to sprout her shoes. Dani looks up. Fuck. She’s tripping. IRMA speaks up.
74) 0) text: Dani is still engaged in dance, although it’s now the tre enis dance. It’s a dizzying sp spectacle, and the mountin allucinations are clear The music STOPS abruptly, and everyone FREEZES.
74) 4) dialog: (thoughts turning) Josh...? Karin turns happily to Dani.
75) 0) text: Many of the women have now been disqualified. Dani is sti in the running! She seems determined to stay alert and compete. There are TEN remaining women; five run in one direction and the other five run in the opposite directio weaving around each other. Irma opens her arms swiftly and the musicians CEASE playi The dancing women STOP, and two of them collide. They fal the ground.
76) 0) text: Christian sits among the onlookers. He is chilled by his last encounter with Dani. Suddenly, he notices ULLA (whom he met earlier) walking toward him. She arrives at his feet, holding out the CUP of the flower-spiked water.
77) 0) text: Dani’s eyes betray rising panic. One woman (MAJVOR) says, as provocation:
77) 6) dialog: There’s nothing there. Dani looks up. She laughs with relief, still confused.
78) 0) text: Now, only Dani and two other women are in the running. On these is Karin. The other is a good-natured brunette. The each dance separately, no longer holding hands. The brunette’s legs are clearly less stable than Dani’s or Karin’s, and she is tired and stumbling. Competition has been growing in Dani. She’s so close to winning that she can now taste it. Karin turns happily to Dani.
78) 2) dialog: I don’t speak Swedish!
78) 4) dialog: Aewobeemeewish! Karin, understanding, responds:
78) 6) dialog: (somehow understanding) Aewabeeny-sa-aewonnerstabloo! They are speaking complete gibberish, but they understand each other perfectly. Dani is amazed. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 99
78) 8) dialog: (excitedly remarking on this) Weerabbleeishcobleraymib! Karin nods manically, agreeing with this.
79) 0) text: Cheering women rush over to congratulate Dani, but she KEEPS DANCING in the circle, afraid that it’s a trick. The women_tug excitedly at Dani’s arms. They embrace her. Dani decelerates, but does not cease dancing. Finally, enough women have enfolded her. Her dancing feet slow to confused halt. > lRMA , Vi har (fatt) var Majdrottning!! IRMA approaches with an immense, gorgeously crafted GARLA CROWN. She lays it on Dani’s head.
79) 1) dialog: (hallucinating) It’s over?
79) 3) dialog: (confused) Why? Me?
79) 5) dialog: (suddenly scared) What do you mean?! ROSE PETALS are thrown by children. Dani, severely disoriented, is led aside by several women One woman wraps her in a sort of gown (composed only of greenery and flora), and then she is directed to stand be a gorgeous view of the field. Her distracted attention is pointed to a MAN holding a large, old FILM CAMERA. He tak Dani’s PHOTOGRAPH. Dani looks for Christian, who stands among the Hargans wi baffled expression. Dani alights on him.
79) 6) dialog: What’s happening?!
79) 10) dialog: (pleadingly, to the surrounding women) What does this mean? What do I have to do? The women answer with hugs, warm smiles, and kisses on th cheek. Their faces woERS subtly (a product of the psychedelics). Among t people who kiss her are her MOTHER and FATHER and SISTER (Terri) She looks back for them, bu they have disappeared. A figment of her imagination? Caught_in the hallucination, Dani falls into a traumatize daze. PELLE breaks the spelt by giving Dani an enthusiast hug.
79) 13) dialog: (searching) Christian?! But Christian has lagged to the back of the crowd. He loo extremely conflicted. His eyes move to Maja, whose eyes a TRAINED on him. She smiles widely, but her eyes are faded Christian slows to a stop as the procession continues. Meanwhile, Dani’s confusion and fear is beginning to subs She looks down at the procession to see that these people indeed celebrating her. A few women even persist in throw rose petals up at her. Dani, now calm, looks down to see that her FEET and LEGS assumed the GOLD color of the plank (like a chameleon).
80) 0) text: The crowd arrives at today’s DINING AREA. In a LUSH FIELD, the tabletops are made of MIRRORS, and they are all queued up to form a long, straight line. At the head of the table is a HUGE CHAIR (more like a throne) adorned in lush greenery and bright flora. Dani’s pedestal is set down. Members of the crowd step as to create a PATH for Dani’s trajectory (toward the throne
80) 3) dialog: For what? STEN explains:
80) 5) dialog: (sincerely frightened) What? I can’t. That’s too big.
80) 13) dialog: ..-I don’t know if this is real, or what’s happening, but - thank you. Dani lets this hang. A brief awkward pause, and then:
81) 2) dialog: Can Christian come with me?
82) 0) text: Dani takes a seat. Outside, several YOUNG WOMEN (including HANNA) have gathe in front of the carriage. They each take hold of RODS, prepared to pull the carriage. A few other women have gathered to the sides of the carri Two - one on either side - hold juniper boughs and unlit torches. They IGNITE their torches by the fire of the carriage torches.
84) 0) text: Dani looks out the window as the carriage is pulled throu the WHEAT FIELDS. The accompanying women WAVE their torch about and cast away dark spirits.
87) 0) text: The women pulling the carriage have slowed to a STOP. Dan is directed by Hanna to step out. Hanna holds the flamin torch over a small HOLE in the ground. Dani is instructe to hold the torch by its handle (3 just above where Hanna rips it). Hanna now affects perfect posture. Dani instinctively mimics this. Three women - each holding a_sack of GRAIN, a raw STEAK, an EGG - approach the hole. One pours grain into the hole the other drops the steak over the grain, and the last wo cracks the egg into it. The hole is then COVERED UP with sol
90) 0) text: The sun is less intense now. It is nearing twilight. The carriage rests near the barn. Dani, holding a torch, proceeds to bless the livestock. Hanna sings.
92) 0) text: The carriage has returned to the farmstead. Dani steps un out of the wagon, still under the warping influence of th hallucinogen. The SINGING/MOANING is heard faintly from t Temple.
92) 2) dialog: What’s there?
92) 4) dialog: What about there?
92) 7) dialog: ...Why? Hanna is not convincing when she says:
93) 0) text: Dani enters the foyer of the temple. Beyond the closed do the singing/moaning has reached an operatic intensity. Dani takes a moment to gather herself, and then she bends down to peer through the door’s KEYHOLE. Through the keyhole, Dani sees Christian’s BACK as he “ma love” to Maja. The surrounding women have fallen deeper i their trance. They are all HOLDING THEIR BREASTS. With ev one of Christian’s thrusts, the women PUMP THEIR BREASTS THEIR HANDS - moaning in tandem with Maya. Dani’s eyes go WIDE with horror. Stunned, Dani backs away from the keyhole. She suddenly doubles over and RETCHES. She rushes out of the temple.
94) 0) text: Dani runs outside. She VOMITS onto the grass. She’s ina state of shock. Her breathing is shallow and she looks anxiously around, as if confused as to her whereabouts. The Young women rush over to Dani. They surround her, touching her, rubbing her. Dani CAN’T BREATHE. She's panicking. Hanna directs the women to LEAD Dani to the Main House. T all hurriedly guide her in that direction.
95) 0) text: The young women usher Dani to her bed. They sit her down, atherin intimately around her. Dani struggles increasingl o breathe. Hanna HOLDS Dani’s FACE in her hands. She locks eyes with Dani_and affects DEEP BREATHING. Dani's eyes, unwilling t settle at first, gradually become FIXED to Hanna’s. Hanna continues to affect deep, measured breathing. Dani strugg to follow her. Her breathing trembles to meet Hanna’s example. Finall Dani BREAKS DOWN into tears. Everything she’s bottle "up, all the emotions that she’s labored to stifle it all comes BURSTING out. She falls into deep, anguished SOBS. Still locked onto Dani’s gaze, Hanna also breaks down. Sh SOBS DEEPLY along with Dani. They are sympathetically connected. It’s remarkable, and very unsettling. The surrounding women have also started CRYING, althou he as intensely as Hanna, who has absolutely fixed hersel Dani. The crying is infectious, and the deeper they go, t greater the outpour. It has become a circle of hysterical, weeping women. They moan and scream and cry. It’s positively TRIBAL. 110 111 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 108
97) 0) text: Christian exits the temple. He looks around, increasingly disoriented. He looks down to see the fresh puddle of Dan VOMIT. This triggers him to retch. He moves desperately a from the vomit. Standing at a distance, several isolated Hargans watch Christian stumbling about. Christian tries to ignore them walks toward the MAIN HOUSE, but as he approaches » he he the CHORUS OF CRYING (coming from Dani and the young wome and he immediately changes his trajectory. Christian is now walking toward the BOOK BINDING HOUSE. As he nears the house, he sees that the TRUCK (which was supposedly stolen) is now parked beside it. Christian’s e buzz with suspicion. He then looks downward...at a GARDEN in front of the book binding house. It is in the shape of a CIRCLE. And at the heart of that circle...a FOOT, its sole facing skyward, protrudes from the soil. A symbol has been painted onto t sole. (It is Josh’s foot.) 111 112 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 109
105) 0) text: The torch-men exit the house. Inside, the fire has begun spread along the platform. The music rises as the fire picks up. The SINGING, which wavers in trembling anticipation, has not yet found harmo Dani watches this with dissociated eyes. She stands tense in the field, eyes locked on the fire. Behind her, all of Harga is enraptured.
107) 0) text: Ulf£’s screams are heard from the Sacred House. Suddenly, member of the Hargan community (who is not singing) begin SCREAM as well. Feeling Ulf’'s pain, they emit a horrible of wails. When Ulf’s screams die down, So do theirs. Meanwhile, Ruben has been given paper to PAINT on. Two el encourage him. DANI, watching the burning house with fraught eyes, is suddenly met with a wave of conflicting emotions. Her expression curdles into one of sheer HORROR and DISGUST. it becomes one of deep SORROW and SHAME. Her eyes well wi tears. The singing has now HARMONIZED and has risen to an insane, operatic pitch. We cut to an immense WIDE. Dani’s back is in the f.g. and burning house is in the b.g. Overcome, Dani buries her fa her hands. Breaking into gentle sobs, she begins to walk aimlessly to the side. We TRACK alongside her, keeping he centered, She is circling the house, pulling at her hair face in increasing anguish. She is WEEPING now, and the h fever= present in the b.g.) has become ENGULFED in the ra ames. Dani begins MOANING and SCREAMING. Her howls almost harmo with the singing in the b.g. The fire ROARS and CRACKLES the distance. It’s apocalyptic. 121 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 115