55) 0) text: CU of a COW’S HEAD being . pushed through a hole in a PIL We ZOOM OUT of this to find that the pillory has addition holes (extending beyond both sides of the cow’s), and additional animals’ heads are being pushed through them. We_ eventually zoom out wide enough _to reveal that this illory, perched at the top of a HILL, has secured the hea of NINE ANIMALS S gone sheep, two goats, two dogs, a baby horse, a cow, two pigs). Sven stands to the side of the line-up. On the other side Siv, Dagny and Hanna. The entire community has congregated at the bottom of the hill. Dani looks very nervous. She turns to Pelle, who already looks concerned for her.
82) 0) text: Dani takes a seat. Outside, several YOUNG WOMEN (including HANNA) have gathe in front of the carriage. They each take hold of RODS, prepared to pull the carriage. A few other women have gathered to the sides of the carri Two - one on either side - hold juniper boughs and unlit torches. They IGNITE their torches by the fire of the carriage torches.
87) 0) text: The women pulling the carriage have slowed to a STOP. Dan is directed by Hanna to step out. Hanna holds the flamin torch over a small HOLE in the ground. Dani is instructe to hold the torch by its handle (3 just above where Hanna rips it). Hanna now affects perfect posture. Dani instinctively mimics this. Three women - each holding a_sack of GRAIN, a raw STEAK, an EGG - approach the hole. One pours grain into the hole the other drops the steak over the grain, and the last wo cracks the egg into it. The hole is then COVERED UP with sol
87) 1) dialog: Repeat now after me. Dani and Hanna are looking directly into each other’s eye Hanna begins to SING very slowly, enunciating very carefu and Dani SINGS ALONG (quite well). They circle the hole w the torch held in the center. The surrounding women dance
90) 0) text: The sun is less intense now. It is nearing twilight. The carriage rests near the barn. Dani, holding a torch, proceeds to bless the livestock. Hanna sings.
92) 1) dialog: We shall go now to Siv’s house.
92) 3) dialog: It is a special meetin ng only for the Queens. She will bless you. The distant singing persists. Dani looks to the Temple. S seems DRAWN to it.
92) 5) dialog: Not for us. Dani, attracted/worried by the singing/moaning, takes a f steps toward the Temple. The young women look very concerned. Hanna steps up to STAND IN DANI’S WAY.
92) 6) dialog: I think you should not.
92) 8) dialog: It is a ceremony for the men.
94) 0) text: Dani runs outside. She VOMITS onto the grass. She’s ina state of shock. Her breathing is shallow and she looks anxiously around, as if confused as to her whereabouts. The Young women rush over to Dani. They surround her, touching her, rubbing her. Dani CAN’T BREATHE. She's panicking. Hanna directs the women to LEAD Dani to the Main House. T all hurriedly guide her in that direction.
95) 0) text: The young women usher Dani to her bed. They sit her down, atherin intimately around her. Dani struggles increasingl o breathe. Hanna HOLDS Dani’s FACE in her hands. She locks eyes with Dani_and affects DEEP BREATHING. Dani's eyes, unwilling t settle at first, gradually become FIXED to Hanna’s. Hanna continues to affect deep, measured breathing. Dani strugg to follow her. Her breathing trembles to meet Hanna’s example. Finall Dani BREAKS DOWN into tears. Everything she’s bottle "up, all the emotions that she’s labored to stifle it all comes BURSTING out. She falls into deep, anguished SOBS. Still locked onto Dani’s gaze, Hanna also breaks down. Sh SOBS DEEPLY along with Dani. They are sympathetically connected. It’s remarkable, and very unsettling. The surrounding women have also started CRYING, althou he as intensely as Hanna, who has absolutely fixed hersel Dani. The crying is infectious, and the deeper they go, t greater the outpour. It has become a circle of hysterical, weeping women. They moan and scream and cry. It’s positively TRIBAL. 110 111 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 108