17) 3) dialog: (in Swedish) Holy shit! Pelle!! Pelle turns to Ingemar. His face LIGHTS UP, and he runs o to him. Dani, Christian, Mark and Josh follow.
17) 4) dialog: Glad Heliga Johannes Déparens dag! Pelle laughs. They hug.
17) 7) dialog: Fan vad spinkig du ar! Vart har resten av dig tagit vagen?
17) 8) dialog: Ser ut som att du fatt det.. Va? Tycker du att jag blivit fet?
17) 10) dialog: (recounting) Josh, Christian, Mark...Dani? (confirmed) Awesome! And say hello to my friends, Simon and Connie from London. He gestures to an attractive British couple, CONNIE (24, skinny) and SIMON (26, spectacled, tattooed).
17) 11) dialog: Simon and Connie, this is Pelle and...all the names I just learned two seconds back.
17) 13) dialog: Perfect timing, by the way: dagemar pulls out a bag of MAGIC MUSHROOMS. Hands them to Pelle.
17) 31) dialog: They made mushroom tea if you prefer against the taste.
20) 26) dialog: Hey! Dani!
20) 29) dialog: How are you feeling? Everyone: this is Pelle’s friend, Dani. Everyone says hi.
20) 31) dialog: What? No, I’m sure they weren't. They probably just wanted you to laugh with them. But Ingemar’s face was MUTATING as he said that.
31) 0) text: MEANWHILE: Our group is still sitting in the same place Gatong with Connie and Ingemar). They watch the passing ancers with fascination.
32) 0) text: The dance is over, although separate groups are still dan and playing in the BG. Pelle is now leading our group on a TOUR. (Ingemar, Conni and Simon have joined along.) We track alongside.
32) 2) dialog: Lumbering, linen, homeopathics... Water power plant. They pass a CIRCLE OF CHILDREN, accompanied by a teacher They're carving RUNIC SYMBOLS into smooth BONES.
32) 10) dialog: That’s actually the Elder Futhark. Josh nods “Ah, right" - visibly pained to be wrong.
32) 17) dialog: Well...we were all working on the same farm, and funny enough: I was dating Connie when Simon and me first became pals. Simon’s eyes narrow. Connie looks very confused.
32) 20) dialog: (backtracking jovially) Right, no, I meant that Connie and me had just become friends - we decided to be friends - and that was just before Connie and Simon started dating. And now they're engaged!
32) 21) dialog: Oh wow. Congratulations. Which is amazing. Yes. Congratulations. Simon and Connie look uncomfortable. They smile “thank yo
32) 30) dialog: Here: come see the Rotvadlta! Our group walks off into the BG, and as they go, Ingemar his crew walk profile in the MG. We follow alongside them their way, they pass a CAGED BEAR (which our group is als passing with curiosity in the BG).
32) 33) dialog: (acknowledging, deadpan) That’s a bear. Connie sees a LONG CARPET that has been hung up (horizontally) on a clothesline in the FG. She approaches check it out. Simon follows.
40) 0) text: The community has gathered on the rocky | galley. Tall CL loom imposingly. The baby cries in the . Our group stands to the side, along with Simon, Connie an Ingemar. Christian turns to DANI, who looks extremely une
42) 5) dialog: It’s okay. What’s okay?! CALL AN AMBULANCE! Everybody's just watching! Sten oer eiab wi the three men with a CUDGEL. This is a l handled club with a pointed block of wood at the end. The cudgel is handed over to the MENTOR. Dani watches, overwhelmed, as the three men (now armed wi the cudgel) stalk over to Dan. The dying man moans pathetically, in too much pain to scream. From DANI’S POV: The men have arrived at Dan’s feet. The mentor RAISES the cudgel, and brutally swings it down ont Dan's HEAD. This isn’t a fatal blow. The man raises the cudgel again, and this time he STRIKES Dan with enough force to silence him. The mentor hands the cudgel to the LABORER. He raises the cudgel and brings it down onto the old man’s crown. The elder’s leg goes into pathetic SPASMS. Blood gurgling. Th qaborer BLUDGEONS him once more. Dan goes limp, probably lead. The YOUTH is now handed the cudgel. He delivers two bruta swings to Dan’s head. The mentor gently takes the cudgel from the youth, and they all return to the community. The mentor hands Sten the cudgel, and everyone stands in respectful, contemplative silence. Dani is GRIPPING Christian’s arm. She is completely shell shocked. Christian turns to Josh; they exchange “holy shi looks. Moré EXCITED than troubled: Siv bounds over to Connie and Simon, who are in a panic. trembles, powder-white. Traumatized.
42) 6) dialog: Ingemar! Did you not warn I’m sorry, grandmother Siv! I them? kind of warned them.
42) 15) dialog: (to Simon and Connie) I’m sorry I did not warn you better.
57) 2) dialog: Not those ones. And why not?
57) 3) dialog: (seeing the aggression) Engbecause they weren’t killed for at.
57) 5) dialog: (gesturing) We can talk about this over here. Why didn’t we talk about it before you took us here? Ingemar gently touches Simon’s arm to lead him away.
102) 0) text: We are PUSHING TOWARD the bookbinding house, whose doors open. To the side of it, Ulf and Ingemar are being embrac passionately by several members of the community.
106) 0) text: The fire has grown considerabl Inside the bear, Christian is now being steam-boiled in t é animal’s fluids: The bear's FUR begins to catch fire. Before long, the who animal is swallowed in the blaze. Christian’s wretched fa becomes invisible behind the flames. Ulf and Ingemar (still smiling) watch this with detached fascination. The fire has now spread to other piles of hay. It has beg to crawl up the walls of the house. Ulf is suddenly consumed by flames. He SCREAMS!