50) 0) text: A BELL is rung. Everyone’s attention has gone to the fron the lake. Dani looks extremely nervous. IRMA stands at the center of the shore. She SINGS a brief wordless song and then announces to the lake:
50) 1) dialog: Med tacksamhet och lovord, du drade gudinna, overldmnar vi denna blygsamma gava. Music is played as the men HOIST up the lavishly decorate tree, run it towards the lake, and HURL it into the water The lake gulps the tree down. A HORN bellows. A thin man, SVEN (40s), steps out to announce, quite theatrically:
50) 6) dialog: Inte jag heller. Men vi har redan skankt bort vara finaste Agodelar och mest fruktbara trad. Vad mer kan vi méjligen erbjuda? Then a YOUNG BOY (10) is heard among the crowd. This is B
50) 10) dialog: Du, unga Bror, O6nskar erbjuda ditt liv till var alskade Gudinna?
57) 10) dialog: We sacrificed defenseless animals yesterday, too! To fill your belly! STEN . ; Why are we using “sacrifice” like it’s a dirty word?
57) 11) dialog: Because it’s fucking Why are you swearing?! We’re medieval! not swearing! Sten gestures to Irma to calm down.
72) 0) text: Three CIRCLES OF WOMEN have formed around the Maypole. Th inside circle (of about 8 women) is surrounded by the mid circle (about 15 women) which is surrounded by the larges outside circle (about 22 women). The men, children and older women have gathered on the gr to watch. IRMA stands with musicians (fiddler, key-harpis and floutist). Dani stands in the middle circle. All the neighboring wom look very excited. Dani looks down at the earth. At first everything looks normal, but then she notices...GRASS has begun to sprout her shoes. Dani looks up. Fuck. She’s tripping. IRMA speaks up.
72) 1) dialog: Det var har, fdr lange sedan, som den Mérke lurade Hargas ung- dom ut i graset och férfdrde dem in i dans. Nar de val bérjat kunde de inte sluta, och de dansade sig till déds. Nu, i livsbejakande trots mot den Mérke, dansar vi tills vi stupar. Hon som star ensam kvar pa slutet, kommer att krénas fdr sin uthallighet. Irma CLAPS her hands ONCE. The musicians play a long, sus NOTE. All of the women join hands and slowly dip to a cro legged BOW. The musical note dies, A brief moment of SILE and then...THE MUSIC BEGINS! (It is the song of the Harga The women begin to DANCE. The inside circle dances in a c to the left. The middle circle to the right. The outside circle to the left. Dani stumbles as she finds her way into the dance. Once s hits her stride, she smiles. Karin looks back at her and LAUGHS good-naturedly. Dani laughs back! INT. SMALL WHITE HOUSE - SMALL ROOM - SIV’S HOUSE - SAME Christian sits in a small wooden chair in the empty LIVIN ROOM. The walls are completely covered in RUNIC MURAL ART Christian lingers on a particularly striking ILLUSTRATION (painted in the wall’s center) in which a BEAR is being BURNED ALIVE before several onlookers. A door opens to reveal SIV.
74) 1) dialog: Vand! y taking their toll on the dancers. 93 94 95 95
75) 0) text: Many of the women have now been disqualified. Dani is sti in the running! She seems determined to stay alert and compete. There are TEN remaining women; five run in one direction and the other five run in the opposite directio weaving around each other. Irma opens her arms swiftly and the musicians CEASE playi The dancing women STOP, and two of them collide. They fal the ground.
75) 1) dialog: Atta! The onlookers CLAP SILENTLY. Karin turns to Dani, gives her a big HUG and KISSES HER O THE LIPS. Dani, startled, turns self-consciously to the “clapping” onlookers. She sees CHRISTIAN. He isn’t paying attention. Feeling Dani’s gaze, his eyes go to her. She stares blankly. Taken aback, he gives her a SMILE. She doesn’t smile back. She’s very much in the grip of the psychedelics now. 95
79) 0) text: Cheering women rush over to congratulate Dani, but she KEEPS DANCING in the circle, afraid that it’s a trick. The women_tug excitedly at Dani’s arms. They embrace her. Dani decelerates, but does not cease dancing. Finally, enough women have enfolded her. Her dancing feet slow to confused halt. > lRMA , Vi har (fatt) var Majdrottning!! IRMA approaches with an immense, gorgeously crafted GARLA CROWN. She lays it on Dani’s head.
79) 2) dialog: You are our May Queen.
79) 4) dialog: You!
80) 12) dialog: Stand! Stand! Dani is urged to stand up. She does so, clearly hallucina intensely. The silence hangs heavily.