5) 0) text: A grubby pizza parlor. Outside the window looms a purple sign. CHRISTIAN, very handsome and fit, sits at a booth. Beside are his friends MARK (26, droll, shaggy hair), JOSH (27, skinny, sometimes snobbish academic) , and PELLE (26), a looking Swedish exchange student. Pelle doodles on his na (drawing the flowers on the table). Mark is gurrently lecturing a despondent Christian, who begins with his face in his arms (on the table).
5) 5) dialog: Do you think a masochistic part of you might be playing out this drama to distract you from the work you actually need to be doing?
5) 7) dialog: (quietly, almost to himself) Your prospectus maybe? Your PhD...? Christian clearly doesn’t want to be told his priorities Josh. Before he can snap back, an attractive WAITRESS (ea 20s) brings over the check.
10) 0) text: A PARTY in a brownstone full of circulating twenty- somethings. Dani stands with Christian, who chats with Josh, Mark (holding two beers), Pelle, and a stoned HIPSTER GUY (26)
10) 5) dialog: To Sweden! Halsingland.
10) 10) dialog: .-+-Mid June to late July? In two weeks.
11) 42) dialog: Are the Swedes sensitive about their history of Nazi collaboration?
11) 43) dialog: Are you sensitive about Hiroshima? I am, yes. Or the trail of tears? Yep. Or slavery? Uhhh - what do you think? Christian looks extremely preoccupied. His foot pumps involuntarily. He receives a TEXT.
11) 45) dialog: ...Okay. (re: weed and bong) Should we clear all this?
11) 50) dialog: She doesn’t want to?
11) 52) dialog: No, we know. I just didn’t realize. It’s totally fine if Yeah, dude, nobody minds. she joins. 17 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 14
11) 59) dialog: So, Sweden...!
14) 0) text: Our group, now in a rental minivan, drives through Stockh traffic. Pelle is at_the wheel. Mark sits passenger, hold a film theory book. In the back: Dani, Christian and Josh (who reads the Poetic Edda). They pass a group of BEAUTIFUL BLONDE WOMEN.
14) 3) dialog: The Vikings grabbed all the best babes from other countries and dragged them over. They have now pulled onto the FREEWAY - leaving Stockholm 21
15) 0) text: Dani’s phone VIBRATES, waking her up. She checks it... DANI'S PHONE: A friend has just posted on her Facebook pa “Happy early birthday! Hope tomorrow is the best one yet! Dani doesn’t react. She looks to the side to notice a boo Josh's lap. The Secret Nazi Language of the Uthark. Its c is a runic pattern.
15) 2) dialog: (realizing what she’s talking about) Oh! Ha. Ask Pelle.
15) 5) dialog: Uhhhh - well! My focus is actually on European midsummer traditions. Which was basically the impetus behind this whole trip. I’m doing Germany and England after this.
15) 12) dialog: (re: Pelle’s acknowledgement ) Thank you.
18) 0) text: Dani sits on the grass with Christian and Pelle. Mark is to the side, stabbing at an ANT COLONY with a stick. Josh paces nearby. His stomach TURNS audibly.
18) 1) dialog: Uggghhh, I really don’t feel good. Josh hunches over to RETCH.
20) 23) dialog: Is she mad at us? I don’t like how she did that. Dani continues to walk. She’s starting to think very bad thoughts.
23) 0) text: Christian, Josh, Mark and Pelle are still lying in the sa spot. They've hit the peak of their trip. Twilight is com In the b.g., a group has finished setting up LARGE SPEAKE
23) 2) dialog: It's okay. (looking at his hands) Why the fuck do we have fingerprints? Christian STANDS, panic starting to build.
23) 4) dialog: I don’t feel like standing. Yeah - I don’t wanna move.
23) 15) dialog: Why??? (insistent) HEY! NO! We need to connect back to the good things! This is getting bad! Everything's alive right now.
24) 25) dialog: (excitedly) Did you see the trees with the dead boars hanging?!
26) 6) dialog: What the fuck? Are you (teasing) serious? Both my grandparents died from ticks. Hit the floor screaming. Dani notices a few disparate FLOWERS sprouting up from th ground. As she walks, the flowers continue to accumulate. Soon she’s walking down a controlled, narrow TRAIL of wil yellow flowers - all leading toward a CLEARING.
27) 2) dialog: (mesmerized) This is the place?
27) 19) dialog: Oh wow, that’s like the cult of Aphroditus. (then, remembering) I think the sakhis saints do the same thing, too - in Brajbhoomi? If Odd is annoyed, he hides it well. He shines a tight-li SMILE at Josh. 31 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 34
27) 31) dialog: What does “bad luck” mean?
27) 35) dialog: (to Pelle) What did she just say?
27) 37) dialog: (to Pelle) Can I take photos?
28) 9) dialog: For the food? Yes. And the weather, and the crops... Sten finishes his song, and then announces:
28) 13) dialog: Can you translate what was sung?
28) 15) dialog: es now burning on ristian) . Yes, Pelle, ) ehank you. Christian looks at Josh. A CHARGED moment. They start eat
32) 1) dialog: How do you guys support this place?
32) 7) dialog: Oh man - there’s a serious one. Oh shit!
32) 9) dialog: quick to answer) Looks like the younger Futhark. (to Petle) Right? Or is that medieval?
33) 0) text: Josh leads our group through the two-storied interior of huge, barn-shaped house. There is a large, square HOLE in floor of the second story (so both stories are visible to each other). On both floors, the walls are lined with BED The center of the bottom story is bare, like a dance floo
33) 5) dialog: Why thirty-six? Josh has pulled out his NOTEPAD, ready to write down Pell answer. Christian (almost in response) pulls out his phon ready to type. Pelle PAUSES at this. He then explains, gesturing to a MURAL that dramatizes the following:
34) 5) dialog: And what’s tomorrow?
39) 4) dialog: (smirking) Attestupan.
40) 4) dialog: (to Pelle, whispering) What’s that book? Christian leans in to hear the whispered answer:
40) 6) dialog: Can I read that?
42) 0) text: Everyone looks up at the cliff’s peak. Dani is SWEATING B now, her breathing erratic. Finally, YLVA appear at the edge. Rapt silence. Ylva stands there for a long time. Mesmerized, Josh steps slowly to the side (away from Dani Christian) to get a better look. His eyes are glued to th cliff-top. Ylva, having now summoned total confidence, assumes a GRA POSE, twisting her arms and legs into a standing fetal position, and extending her neck/head into a glorious rea for the heavens. This pose represents a final statement. Dani BRACES herself. Her TEETH begin to chatter. She GRAB Christian’s arm, and then -- Ylva LEAPS OFF THE PRECIPICE. Connie and Simon SCREAM. Th woman plummets 200 feet to LAND FATALLY on the jagged roc below. Upon impact, a FLOCK OF BIRDS ALIGHTS from a tree. Connie SCREAMS. Our group is shocked into horrified silence. Dani looks l she’s been knocked out of her body. The birds fly over Da head, and a sudden rush courses through her. Disassociated, Dani turns to look at Connie and Simon, wh are freaking out. Then Christian points upward, redirecting Dani’s dazed attention to the cliff-top. Dani’s EYES scan back up to see... DAN - the elder whose torch burnt out before circling the house three times - is_now stepping up to the precipice. also strikes a POSE, also reaching for the awesome, but h is slightly clumsier. He wobbles, but he holds the pose. While holding it, he turns to look down...at Dani.
43) 0) text: Everyone is walking back from the beach. JOSH rushes feverishly toward the Main House. Christian’s eyes are trained on him as he moves to Dani, who looks destroyed.
45) 0) text: Two Hargan men remove two stools from the stage (those belonging to Ylva and Dan) and rearrange the remaining stools. Mark watches. In the BG, Josh arrives at the Main House and enters. Christian hastily approaches in the distance.
46) 0) text: Josh anxiously pulls his LAPTOP from his backpack. He sit the mattress as the computer boots up. Christian enters awkwardly - eyes on Josh. He appears to summoning the courage to say something. He closes the doo behind him.
46) 2) dialog: Hey! (excitedty). Holy shit, right?
46) 3) dialog: Holy shit. Incredible. Incredible! Christian works up the nerve:
46) 6) dialog: I feel like I can’t tell if you’re joking. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 57
46) 8) dialog: (barely containing his rage) You know I’m out here doing my thesis, on midsummer. at’s why I’m here. CHRISTIAN . Yeah, but not on this community. Josh's eyes BURN on Christian. Christian maintains an innocent demeanor.
46) 9) dialog: ...You knew I was gonna want to do this.
46) 10) dialog: How would I know that? Oh my God, Christian, of Did you even know that before course you did! I just told you?
46) 11) dialog: You think I don’t know what you’re doing? It’s actually kind of outrageously unsubtle. The fact that you! re being this bald about it. I’m onestly impressed.
46) 14) dialog: Okay, wow, fuck you-- No dude, not fuck me! Find your own subject - or your own passion. Because I’m actually invested in this. It's not some glorified hobby that I’m casually dipping my feet into.
46) 16) dialog: But we’re not doing it in the same way, Christian. Okay? I have to hold your little hand through everything. You didn’t even know how to use J-Stor before I taught you, and you’re a fucking grad student. I mean, why are you even in academia? You don’t care! (MORE )
46) 19) dialog: Which is fine! That's your prerogative! Just don’t appropriate my actual work for your new shortcut! This cuts Christian like a knife. His eyes are flaring wi RAGE. But he stifles it. Determined to remain collected, concludes:
47) 23) dialog: And I told Christian this already, and now I think he’s trying to pretend that it was his idea, so if he comes to you--
47) 25) dialog: So I can just use aliases for everything. Solved.
47) 27) dialog: .-.I thought you just said he hadn’t talked to you.
51) 35) dialog: Sure. Uh... Josh fishes a PILL out of his bag.
51) 36) dialog: They're intense, though. You might wanna cut it in half. I just need to sleep. She swallows it whole. INT. THE MAIN HOUSE - “NIGHT” 61 Silence. Everyone is asleep, including Dani. There is RUSTLING heard off-screen. Dani WAKES. She sits to see... Christian’s bed is now EMPTY. So is Mark’s bed. And Josh' Concerned, Dani looks to the DOOR. Mark, Josh, Pelle and Christian are quietly tip-toeing out of the house. They GIGGLE. Christian is the last to exit. Confused, Dani climbs out of bed. She rushes to the door. Dani looks OUTSIDE to see that the group is now inside th RENTAL MINIVAN, which is IDLING off. Pelle drives, SMILIN Christian, in the back seat, looks down at his lap, ignor Dani. MARK ROUNDS TO THE BACK WINDOW, SMILING GIDDILY AT as they drive away. Dani watches this in utter horror. 61 62 63
54) 3) dialog: Hey man. Any word?
54) 4) dialog: They said you can do it as long as you absolutely don’t . use names and the location is (nodding, excited) never even hinted at and Okay. Wow. Okay. you’ll have to sign an agreement to that. Josh can’t contain his glee.
54) 6) dialog: Well, that’s -- We'll figure that out. Mark notices in the distance: WOMEN picking flowers. Amon them: INGA. She is laughing with her friends.
54) 7) dialog: (to Pelle) Here: can I ask you something?
54) 9) dialog: I found this under Christian’s bed. Do you know what this is?
62) 0) text: The HOLY TEMPLE. Josh stands near the altar with Arne, wh has pulled the Rubi Radr from an elevated pedestal. He shows Josh the text (written in the graphic Affect langua - a_combination of runes and abstract hand paintings). Th walls of the temple are lined with thousands of books tha look like variations on the Rubi Radr.
62) 2) dialog: What does it say?
62) 8) dialog: And who decides what’s added?
62) 10) dialog: (confused) The...disabled?
62) 12) dialog: So...what happens when Ruben dies? Do you just wait until a new baby isn't “clouded”?
62) 14) dialog: Can I possibly take a photograph?
62) 16) dialog: Okay. Sorry. Absolutely not. A TENSE beat. Broken suddenly by a very DISTANT SCREAM, t far away to discern whether it’s made by a man or animal.
65) 0) text: The dining tables are now set in a runic pattern (symboli TBD). Everyone is seated. Christian, Dani, Josh and Mark sit at a table. Pelle is seated a few seats away. Dani glances over at him. He smi warmly and looks away. Dani’s eyes LINGER on him. The SERVERS are laying plates in front of everyone. One es specially COY-LOOKING SERVER sets a plate in front of ISTIAN. It features the special meat pie with the BASIL L on top.
65) 15) dialog: Yikes. 82 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 87
65) 18) dialog: Did you learn anything about the Rubi Radr?
65) 21) dialog: (abruptly ; ending it) Thank you. Sorry I brought it up. Christian seethes. He takes a BITE of his tart. As he che he catches something on his tongue, and pulls a PUBIC HAI from his mouth. His eyes widen with alarm.
65) 38) dialog: Oh. Yeah. Okay. Josh fetches her a pill. She takes it and moves to her be Josh crawls stiffly into his bed. He’s still wearing his SHOES.
66) 0) text: Everyone is asleep, except for JOSH, who looks as tense a before. He sits up, Scannin @ room to make sure nobody is awake. He then climbs quietly out of bed. He creeps to th door and silently exits.
67) 0) text: Josh rushes across the grass. It’s now darkest twilight. hustles to the TEMPLE, glancing nervously about. 86 87 88 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 89 INT. RUBEN’S TEMPLE - FOYER - CONTINUOUS 86 Josh passes the dark foyer to enter through the Temple Doors... INT. RUBEN’S TEMPLE - CONTINUOUS 87 Josh sneaks into the Temple. Ruben is asleep by the door. Josh creeps past him to app reach the pedestal featuring holy book RUBI RADR. He ls out his phone, turns on the FLASHLIGHT, and begins thking silent PHOTOS - page by pag of Rubi Radr’s text. While he anxiously photographs, Josh keeps glancing up at Temple DOORS, making sure he’s still alone. He has photog about fifteen pages when he hears the front door CREAK op Josh FREEZES. He looks up. Through the Temple’s open door sees SOMEONE standing in the dark foyer. The person is ba visible in the dimness. After some scrutiny, Josh makes i to be MARK. He is standing motionless.
67) 1) dialog: (relieved, whispering) What the fuck. Mark? But Mark doesn’t move or speak.
67) 2) dialog: (whispering) The fuck are you doing? Close the door! We’re not supposed to be here. Mark still doesn’t move. Despite how hard it is to see, o can tell that his body looks BULKIER than usual. And his seems somewhat SWOLLEN. Josh looks unsettled. He starts moving toward the door. JOSH (Cont D) (whisperin Mark? Hello? W Me the fu--? MARK steps forward. It is now bright enough to see... Thi isn't Mark. It’s a LARGER MAN, he’s WEARING MARK’S SKIN (which is stretched uneasily over the man’s bulkier eatures). Upon closer inspection, one might identify thes features (and the blue eyes) as belonging to ULF. Before the full horror of this revelation can register on Josh's face, he is STRUCK against the HEAD by a bludgeoni FORCE (the end of a cudgel wielded by an off-screen Harga Josh collapses to make a sustained, involuntary GROANING noise. A quiet moment as “Mark,” eyes invisible behind the skin mask, stares down at Josh's twitching body. Josh's body is swiftly DRAGGED out of frame.
68) 0) text: Outside, the ROOSTER crows. People stir awake in their beds. Josh’s bed is EMPTY. As Mark's. 89
97) 0) text: Christian exits the temple. He looks around, increasingly disoriented. He looks down to see the fresh puddle of Dan VOMIT. This triggers him to retch. He moves desperately a from the vomit. Standing at a distance, several isolated Hargans watch Christian stumbling about. Christian tries to ignore them walks toward the MAIN HOUSE, but as he approaches » he he the CHORUS OF CRYING (coming from Dani and the young wome and he immediately changes his trajectory. Christian is now walking toward the BOOK BINDING HOUSE. As he nears the house, he sees that the TRUCK (which was supposedly stolen) is now parked beside it. Christian’s e buzz with suspicion. He then looks downward...at a GARDEN in front of the book binding house. It is in the shape of a CIRCLE. And at the heart of that circle...a FOOT, its sole facing skyward, protrudes from the soil. A symbol has been painted onto t sole. (It is Josh’s foot.) 111 112 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 109
101) 0) text: The interior is completely adorned in greenery. An imposs lush mausoleum. In the center is a PLATFORM made of hay. Connie’s corpse is rested against one wall. Mark’s is seated against the opposite wall. Beyond them, to either side, are the TWO ELDER TREE-CORPS that were standing upright in the crowd. The male body is surrounded by his most precious belongings (jewelry, book etc.). The dead female elder is also surrounded by her mo prized possessions. Beyond them, at the far end of the temple, is... JOSH'S BODY, which is covered in dirt and soil. His eyes nostrils are clogged with earth. His face is locked into gagged scream, his mouth utterly stuffed with paper (from Rubi Radr). Stacks of books rest on his lap (and atop tho his smartphone stands on its side, facing outward). And beside Josh... 115 116 117 118 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 113