37) 0) text: MAJA feverishly carves a small RUNE STONE in her lap. She hunched over to conceal her progress from curious eyes. The two elders are receiving lots of attention. Next to Dani, a blonde woman, KARIN (20s), cradles the CR BABY. She rests her forehead’ against the baby’s forehead moans empathically. She notices Dani watching this, and s turns and SMILES.
37) 1) dialog: (catching herself) Oh, God, I’m sorry. I was No no... gawking.
37) 3) dialog: Oh, she will be. She has the, em - rickets? Where the bones are bad? She is not “mine,” though.
37) 5) dialog: (to Dani) How 1s your family like?
37) 7) dialog: Oh no! I’m so sorry. All of them? Karin already has TEARS welling in her eyes. She looks sincerely affected by this.
37) 12) dialog: (now worried for Dani) Am I making you sad to ask?
71) 0) text: ECU of a BRIGHT YELLOW-GREEN PASTE. It’s being MASHED vigorously in a bowl. The paste is made of ground-up flow A fat SCOOP of the paste is dropped into a LARGE GLASS JU OF SPRING WATER (perched on a table). The paste is STIRRE into the water. A queue of WOMEN (between 16 and 45) has formed behind th table. One by one, the women accept a CUP of the water. T drink it (sometimes after nervous hesitation). In the BG MAYPOLE. Dani has joined the line. KARIN (whom she befriended earlier) is in front of her.
71) 2) dialog: Oh yes. This is the big one. Karin smiles mischievous] Dani smiles skeptically back. T arrive at the “water” table. Both are handed a cup.
71) 4) dialog: Not just. It is for the competition. Karin gulps hers down, and then gestures “You now.” Dani pauses, and then knocks it back. (Ulla and Maja watch clo in the BG.)
71) 5) dialog: (smiling) Uh-oh! She LAUGHS and HUGS Dani.
71) 6) dialog: Here we go! Dani looks very nervous. 91 92 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 93
74) 5) dialog: Don’t slip! Dani looks to her.
74) 6) dialog: Can you holding on?! Dani gets a second wind. She’s back. Maja, who is dancing in the outside circle, sees CHRISTIA arriving. He joins the onlookers. Maja decisively feigns COLLAPSE, opting out of the dance. stumbles over to the onlookers, affecting dizziness. She glances over at Christian, smiling at him. He SMILES back coyly sits a few people over. The electricity between the pable. The music STOPS abruptly again. All the dancers turn arou switching hands. As the music starts again, one woman TOP to her side, bringing down two of her neighbors. She and other laugh; the third woman is furious.
77) 7) dialog: (smiling) That’s right! Hold on to your brain!
78) 0) text: Now, only Dani and two other women are in the running. On these is Karin. The other is a good-natured brunette. The each dance separately, no longer holding hands. The brunette’s legs are clearly less stable than Dani’s or Karin’s, and she is tired and stumbling. Competition has been growing in Dani. She’s so close to winning that she can now taste it. Karin turns happily to Dani.
78) 1) dialog: Ar du trétt? Dani, still dancing:
78) 3) dialog: (not understanding) What?! Dani repeats herself, but it comes out as:
78) 5) dialog: Waweroobeeny!
78) 9) dialog: Blorishcobleraymib-wonnerstablee! The Plump Woman suddenly TRIPS over _one foot to fall CRA to the ground. Karin (still facing Dani) TRIPS over the P Woman. She COLLAPSES, laughing merrily on the way down. Dani dances past the fallen women. She doesn’t immediatel realize that she’s just won the competition. She still lo determined as she continues dancing manically around the Maypole.
79) 12) dialog: Careful! The handles are gripped by six men, and Dani is swiftly HOISTED UP. She almost falls, but doesn’t. She is elevate five feet above the ground as the crowd erupts into mirth SONG. The song persists as Dani, still on her pedestal, is carr across the field. All eyes are on her. Everyone follows h