29) 0) text: A beautiful, long-haired girl (16) stands before a mirror anxiously fussing with her hair. She needs it to look perfect. This is MAJA.
30) 0) text: Maja emerges from the MAIN HOUSE. All the younger Hargans have joined hands to form a train of people. They run and dance in a long chain ("the long dance”). The MAYPOLE sta at the center of their circle. Maja timidly watches the dance, smiling. Her eyes trail o to find our group. She alights on CHRISTIAN, instantly smitten. It almost looks like she recognizes him. One of the dancing boys suddenly GRABS Maja’s hand. He PU her into the train. e LAUGHS as she joins, being pulled suddenly into a HUMAN TUNNEL.
37) 0) text: MAJA feverishly carves a small RUNE STONE in her lap. She hunched over to conceal her progress from curious eyes. The two elders are receiving lots of attention. Next to Dani, a blonde woman, KARIN (20s), cradles the CR BABY. She rests her forehead’ against the baby’s forehead moans empathically. She notices Dani watching this, and s turns and SMILES.
47) 6) dialog: (not sure of the word) Hello. SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 59
47) 20) dialog: (turning away) Hello. Christian smiles and turns. His smile evaporates, however when he sees... 51
89) 0) text: It is dark, save for several burning candles. In the center of the room, lying on a lush bed of freshly birch twigs and WILD FLOWERS, is MAJA. She is NUDE, lying her back, legs together. Several OLDER WOMEN, mostly in their 30s and 40s (some in their 50s and 60s), stand at the back of the room. They a also NUDE. The humming comes from them. Christian is too stoned to react. He regards the room as would a dreamscape. The humming starts to build as the women SING in the Harg wordless, groaning, microtonal tradition. Maja tilts her head and her eyes move toward the front door...at Christian. One Woman now steps up_to draw Christian’s gown OFF of hi shoulders. He is fluidly DISROBED. Now standing naked, he directed towards Maja, who waits nervously. Christian seems to LEVITATE six inches off the ground and then FLOATS gently across the room (clearly a product of escalating hallucination). As he approaches Maja, the singing intensifies. Maja’s LEGS timidly PART. Christian, approaching swiftly, looks down at her. Her eyes are clos as she waits to be taken. The singing rises to an operati pitch.
91) 0) text: Christian has descended to his knees. He sits between Maj legs, preparing himself. He looks extremely intoxicated. Maja’s eyes are Squeezed shut as she anticipates what’s c Christian awkwardly leans down to gently KISS her lips. W opening her eyes, she kisses back - slowly, sensually. Th singing rises and falls (out of harmony) with trembling impatience. 105 106 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 106
93) 0) text: Dani enters the foyer of the temple. Beyond the closed do the singing/moaning has reached an operatic intensity. Dani takes a moment to gather herself, and then she bends down to peer through the door’s KEYHOLE. Through the keyhole, Dani sees Christian’s BACK as he “ma love” to Maja. The surrounding women have fallen deeper i their trance. They are all HOLDING THEIR BREASTS. With ev one of Christian’s thrusts, the women PUMP THEIR BREASTS THEIR HANDS - moaning in tandem with Maya. Dani’s eyes go WIDE with horror. Stunned, Dani backs away from the keyhole. She suddenly doubles over and RETCHES. She rushes out of the temple.
96) 0) text: The ceremony has nearly reached its apogee. The singing h eaked, and Christian is thrusting faster and harder than efore. Maja, eyes still closed, is in a state of absolute EUPHORIA. She moans in ecstasy, and the room has filled w a cacophony of sympathetic moans. Christian suddenly looks ill. He begins to slow down.
96) 1) dialog: (in Swedish) No. Don’t stop. Christian looks like he’s going to be sick. One of the OLD WOMEN (60s) crouches behind Christian. She PUSHES on his buttocks, urging him to thrust faster. She pushing and pushing until Christian’s thrusts have gained orce.
96) 2) dialog: (in Swedish) Yes. Yes. Fill me. Christian continues to push until he finally CLIMAXES. Th Old Woman releases him, and backs away. The singing/moaning DIES out. Christian, motionless for a long moment, pulls out of Maj and sits on the ground. He looks sli ntly traumatized. Ma looks as_ euphoric as ever. She hugs nees to her chest, and gently rocks herself back and forth.
96) 3) dialog: (in Swedish, to the women) I can feel it! Tt feel the baby! Christian looks back to the OLD WOMAN who was just pushin buttocks. She smiles toothlessly at him. He’s definitely to be sick. He STANDS suddenly, taking | in the room with growing repulsion. He turns to amble dizzily out of the temple