5) 0) text: A grubby pizza parlor. Outside the window looms a purple sign. CHRISTIAN, very handsome and fit, sits at a booth. Beside are his friends MARK (26, droll, shaggy hair), JOSH (27, skinny, sometimes snobbish academic) , and PELLE (26), a looking Swedish exchange student. Pelle doodles on his na (drawing the flowers on the table). Mark is gurrently lecturing a despondent Christian, who begins with his face in his arms (on the table).
5) 1) dialog: Dude: you need to stop sitting on the fence with this.
5) 3) dialog: You don’t want her back! I might!
5) 4) dialog: §° then you can bitch to us for that day about how much you regret it, we'll remind you AGAIN that you’ ve been wanting out of this stupid relationship for the last year, and then you can find some new chick who actually likes sex and who doesn’t drag you through a million hoops a day. Christian is thinking about this. Extremely conflicted. J takes a break from reading his dog-eared copy of Primitiv Mentality (by Lucien Lévy-Bruhl) to ask:
5) 12) dialog: Dude. You could be getting that girl pregnant right now.
5) 13) dialog: And don’t forget all the Swedish women you can impregnate in June. Yeah, dude - don’t forget all the Swedish milkmaids. Christian’s PHONE rings. He checks. It’s DANI. He deflate
5) 14) dialog: Who is that? Christian doesn’t respond. MARK (CONT’ Dr That’s not her again? Seriously? Christian lets the call go.
5) 15) dialog: That’s ridiculous, dude. She needs a therapist.
5) 17) dialog: So she should call him! That’s insane, dude. She’s using you. The phone starts ringing again. Christian checks it. “Dan again.”
5) 18) dialog: Oh my God. Christian answers. He rises from the booth to get some privacy.
10) 0) text: A PARTY in a brownstone full of circulating twenty- somethings. Dani stands with Christian, who chats with Josh, Mark (holding two beers), Pelle, and a stoned HIPSTER GUY (26)
10) 6) dialog: Mr. Pelle’s invited us for an authentic hippie midsummer at his yodeling farm. Dani has PAUSED. She hadn’t heard this before.
10) 10) dialog: .-+-Mid June to late July? In two weeks.
11) 45) dialog: ...Okay. (re: weed and bong) Should we clear all this?
11) 48) dialog: You invited her?
11) 52) dialog: No, we know. I just didn’t realize. It’s totally fine if Yeah, dude, nobody minds. she joins. 17 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 14
11) 57) dialog: Just chillin’.
11) 64) dialog: Hey man, can I get_you to look at that paragraph real quick?
14) 0) text: Our group, now in a rental minivan, drives through Stockh traffic. Pelle is at_the wheel. Mark sits passenger, hold a film theory book. In the back: Dani, Christian and Josh (who reads the Poetic Edda). They pass a group of BEAUTIFUL BLONDE WOMEN.
14) 1) dialog: (to Christian) Holy God, the women here...! Christian, aware of Dani, gives a self-conscious half-nod Dani happily pretends to ignore this.
14) 2) dialog: What is it that makes them hotter?
14) 8) dialog: (exasperated) Oh my God.
17) 15) dialog: overjoye onnn' Shits Mark grabs the bag from Pelle and studies the contents.
17) 16) dialog: (to the group) Do you guys wanna take it now? Or should we settle in first? Fuck it. Let’s just take ‘em.
17) 25) dialog: Dude. We can’t come up_at different times. They’1l be totally separate trips.
17) 30) dialog: (false concern) (bluntly) You sure? Yeah, Mark, thanks.
18) 0) text: Dani sits on the grass with Christian and Pelle. Mark is to the side, stabbing at an ANT COLONY with a stick. Josh paces nearby. His stomach TURNS audibly.
18) 2) dialog: Don’t puke, dude. Keep it down.
20) 5) dialog: (suddenly alarmed) What do you mean?!
20) 7) dialog: That doesn’t feel right.
20) 8) dialog: Why? It’s the midnight sun. It doesn’t feel like nine. I don’t like that! It feels wrong. A YOUNG MAN approaches.
20) 10) dialog: What? I don’t want new people. No - new people are good! A happy Young Man walks past. This is VALENTIN.
20) 12) dialog: I wanna lay down. Mark lies down.
20) 13) dialog: Oh my God. Lay down. Guys. It’s so nice. Everyone lies down. Except for Josh and Dani. For the res of the scene, our focus is on DANI - even as everyone els speaks.
20) 14) dialog: Lie down, Josh. Josh doesn’t. Stubborn.
20) 18) dialog: (emotional) . You guys are my family. The word “family” HITS Dani.
20) 19) dialog: I really mean that. You’re like my real actual Family. Dani RISES to her knees, suddenly overwhelmed. Christian looks to her. She looks to him. He SMILES, but there’s something false about it. Dani looks SCARED now. This scares Christian.
20) 23) dialog: Is she mad at us? I don’t like how she did that. Dani continues to walk. She’s starting to think very bad thoughts.
23) 0) text: Christian, Josh, Mark and Pelle are still lying in the sa spot. They've hit the peak of their trip. Twilight is com In the b.g., a group has finished setting up LARGE SPEAKE
23) 2) dialog: It's okay. (looking at his hands) Why the fuck do we have fingerprints? Christian STANDS, panic starting to build.
23) 4) dialog: I don’t feel like standing. Yeah - I don’t wanna move.
23) 6) dialog: She isn’t all of our friend.
23) 7) dialog: What? Yes she is. That’s not nice! Why aren’t you ever was red by this) nice?! . (tearing up) You're being mean! I’m not being mean! Droning techno begins to THROB from the speakers in the b With every bass punch, the surrounding environment THUMPS visibly.
23) 9) dialog: But that makes me sad! (suddenly angry) And she’s NOT our friend! She's barely YOUR friend! (MORE )
23) 12) dialog: You only invited her because you’re too scared to be honest with her! Christian pauses, FURIOUS, and then:
23) 14) dialog: (suddenly terrified) Why are you saying that? Because they are! They’re dead!
23) 15) dialog: Why??? (insistent) HEY! NO! We need to connect back to the good things! This is getting bad! Everything's alive right now.
23) 16) dialog: But that’s just so it can die (getting, sucked into later. arkness Oh God...!
23) 18) dialog: Wait! Christian! We need to stay together!
24) 22) dialog: Where were you? How are you, Dani?
26) 2) dialog: (starting to take large, paranoid steps) Does Sweden have ticks?
26) 4) dialog: What? No they don’t. Do they really?
26) 6) dialog: What the fuck? Are you (teasing) serious? Both my grandparents died from ticks. Hit the floor screaming. Dani notices a few disparate FLOWERS sprouting up from th ground. As she walks, the flowers continue to accumulate. Soon she’s walking down a controlled, narrow TRAIL of wil yellow flowers - all leading toward a CLEARING.
26) 7) dialog: Okay, well, I actually have an uncle with Lyme and believe me: it’s not worth the pleasant picnic in the countryside. The group finally arrives at the clearing. It opens to another FIELD, beyond which is a SMALL VILLAGE...
27) 6) dialog: You know, dude, if you'd warned me that this place was lousy with ticks, I could’ve at least brought tweezers and like a spray. In the distance is a towering MAYPOLE. Immense in height width, it is entangled in lush green shrubbery and marked a wealth of symbols. At the top of the pole is a TRIANGLE beneath which hang two RINGS. While some of the welcoming committee take bags from our group, Pelle brings a beautiful young woman over. This is DAGNY (25). She wears a white dress with intricate embroi (featuring distinct Pagan runes).
27) 22) dialog: Nice guy. The music suddenly gets LOUDER. Percussion is introduced, the music swells to become a regal melody. Everyone’s attention moves to TEN GIRLS & BOYS (different ages - from 7 to 13), all dressed in identical white dres and suits. They hold FLORAL GARLAND CROWNS (made of mugwo and vervain) and sprigs of LARKSPUR. They are walking sin file towards a PLATFORM.. ear g on on the platform are TEN OLD MEN AND WOMEN (60s t early 70s). These are the ELDERS. They wear severe or neu Sapressions, and are dressed in finely embroidered linen. The gizis and boys march onto the platform. They each sto the left of one of the seated elders. Upon a cue, they simultaneously lay the crowns onto the elders’ heads. (Tw the elders receive slightly larger crowns.) They then han the elders the larkspur sprigs. After this, the girls ret bashfully to the crowd. One of the elders - a sturdy older woman (60s) - rises to address the crowd. The music drops out. She is beautiful, composed, elegant. This is SIV, the spokeswoman.
27) 41) dialog: (to Pelle and Christian) How do you think he’d react if I just put my finger in his butt right now? Continuing the ritual, Siv takes the torches from the eld and walks to a healthy FIRE in a pit (this fire is always burning; never to be allowed to extinguish).
28) 5) dialog: I’m sure he’s got a great personality. The teens finish serving. They now sit with plates of the Mark has already started eating. Josh NUDGES him. Nobody has begun. Mark bashfully sets down his fork.
32) 28) dialog: (mock sinister tune) Ooooweeeyooooh. Changing the subject, Pelle motions toward the MAIN HOUSE
33) 1) dialog: Holy shit! (pointing out paintings) Dick painting. Dick painting. Dick with a pussy in the middle. A pussy shitting out a dick. Mark throws his bag onto one of them. The group marvels at the walls, which are covered in INTRICATE MURALS. Runic letters abound. The CEILING is especially impressive. 35 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 44
33) 8) dialog: Not a lot of privacy. What do you do when you need to jerk off? Or give yourself an enema. Now that Dani is away, Pelle crosses quietly to Christian covertly ushers him aside. Dani has found a wall of many FRAMED PHOTOGRAPHS. They al feature a different young woman dressed in ceremonial gar In each photo, the woman is richly adorned in summer flow and wears an impressive FLORAL CROWN. These photos have b taken annually for the last dozen years. Dani looks over to notice Pelle still talking to Christia who now has one hand behind his back. He looks extremely GUILTY. She interrupts by bluntly asking:
33) 15) dialog: Wait a minute. Did you just see that? Christian, hand behind his back, now sneaks over to Dani.
34) 12) dialog: Christian: do you wanna check my scalp for ticks and then I can check your scalp? INT. THE MAIN HOUSE - “NIGHT” 39 Everyone is asleep. Silence, save for the baby’s CRYING. Dani lies AWAKE. Beside her: Christian sleeping soundly. her other side: Mark SNORING. Dani shifts her weight. She looks over at the wall mural, notices an ILLUSTRATION of a HAPPY MAN OPENING HIS WRIST SPECIAL KNIFE. He is surrounded by smiling friends, and a him, a smiling SUN. Dani looks unnerved, but her attentio suddenly DRAWN AWAY by the SOUND of... A teenaged BOY and GIRL (clearly new lovers) sneak quietl out of their beds. Giggling. They tip-toe out of the hous careful to make no noise. Dani stares at this. Heavy.
36) 1) dialog: Someone should tell those girls that they’re walking stupid. DANI now appears with a bouquet of HANDPICKED FLOWERS. Sh happily presents Christian with the bouquet.
38) 0) text: Everyone has finished eating. Another HUSH falls awkwardl the procession. Silence, save for the wailing baby. Mark, half-asleep, confusedly looks around. He sees the Pretty Brunette (from earlier) SMILING at him. Caught off guard, he BLUSHES and smiles back (a little too eagerly). One of the two elders STANDS. This is YLVA. She clears he throat. Closes her eyes. After a moment, Ylva begins to S a wordless, choral song. Everyone watches, rapt and emotional. At the appropriate time, the other man (DAN) begins to si along, softly and awkwardly at first. Soon he rises, sing with greater projection.
38) 1) dialog: (whispering to Josh) How do you think he’d react if I just put my finger in his butt right now? When the song comes to a finish, SIV stands to RAISE her glass. This prompts everyone else to stand. They all rais their aquavit. A long silence. Everyone is very calm. And present. Dani MOVED. She holds up her glass, feeling energy from the gr Siv finally DRINKS. So does everyone else. The MUSICIANS begin to Yay their handmade instruments, and EIGHT MIDDLE AGED MEN break into two groups. They walk to either of th elder’s chairs, HOIST them up, and start CARRYING THEM OF The congregation follows behind_as the elevated elders ar carried up a hill. Our group JOINS them, confused. Mark l ehin
38) 4) dialog: (to the group) I’m gonna take a nap. My head feels like a sewage blimp. Mark heads back toward the Main House. Dani, Christian, J and Pelle proceed to follow the community.
45) 0) text: Two Hargan men remove two stools from the stage (those belonging to Ylva and Dan) and rearrange the remaining stools. Mark watches. In the BG, Josh arrives at the Main House and enters. Christian hastily approaches in the distance.
45) 1) dialog: (to Josh's disappearing back) How was the thing?
47) 0) text: Christian emerges from the Main House, extremely tense. N the door, a very pale SIMON smokes a cigarette with Conni Mark stands with them, stunned.
47) 1) dialog: Wait, though: for real? The two old ones? With the singing?
47) 3) dialog: Christian dude: of all the things to let me sleep through! Simon sees Christian’s demeanor.
48) 5) dialog: (whispering) Dude. The Elvira girl behind us keeps giving me sex eyes, but she speaks like zero English. Mark is talking about the PRETTY BRUNETTE from earlier. S walks behind them (a few bodies away). Christian turns to look.
48) 6) dialog: No, dude, I didn’t say “look.” Don’t fucking announce it. Christian turns back.
48) 7) dialog: Anyway, I’m in love with her.
54) 1) dialog: Nice garden, fag! Pelle turns to see Mark and Josh approaching. In the deep between Mark/Josh and Pelle, are two ceremonially dressed men, surrounded by onlookers. They finish a ceremonial so before CHOPPING a straw goat into three sections, celebra by silent clapping. Josh walks past it, filming it with h phone. Pelle SIGHS and rises. Behind him, Sven is walking in the getting in the zone for the upcoming ceremony. 64 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 70
54) 8) dialog: I’m gonna take a leak. Mark walks off. We see Inga noticing him as he goes. (Bey her, ULF - one of the straw goat choppers - has walked up a hole in the earth. He kneels down to lay the straw goat head into the hole. He then sprinkles different herbs int and starts filling the hole back up with dirt.) Josh pull Maja’s RUNE BONE out of his pocket.
54) 30) dialog: What’s wrong? What did I do? Pelle (and Christian and Josh) have run over.
54) 33) dialog: (gasps) Jag ar sa ledsen Fader Ulf! Han visste ju inte. What happened? What did I do?
54) 35) dialog: The tree? So what? I’m sorry. “SO WHAT?!"
54) 36) dialog: What?! I didn’t know! Ulf is in a fury. He STIFLES it, but his eyes are frighteningly wide.
54) 38) dialog: What the fuck? It was a dead tree. What’s even happening?
54) 40) dialog: But it’s dead. It’s a dead I know, but it’s important to fucking tree. I didn’t us. It’s okay. We know you realize it was special. I didn’t know. You wouldn’t pee just had to pee. -- Well, no, on a gravestone, right? of course not. 64 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 73
54) 42) dialog: Well - fuck. I am sorry. I still don’t understand what I did... Do I apologize?
54) 44) dialog: Oh shit. Hi. (to Pelle) Sag till honom att det ordnar sig. Han fattar inte. Jag ska prata med Fader Ulf. She SMILES at Mark and walks off.
54) 46) dialog: (overjoyed) Seriously? What else did she say? Christian now sees DANI in the distance, woozily looking him. He walks over to her, affecting pleasantness.
55) 4) dialog: Is this weird or is this not weird? Pelle now goes after Dani, who is speed-walking away. In the b.g., Simon can be heard saying: SIMON fo Ss.) What the fuck did you bring us to? Dani walks past SIMON, who looks very scared in the BG. H confronting a grinning Ingemar. SIMON (CONT’D) (to Ingemar, aggressively) Why are you smiling, mate? Dani speed-walks away from the site (with intermittent running), going for the Main House. Pelle follows her, glancing over his shoulder to view more of the ceremony.
59) 0) text: Mark, standing in the shadow of the kitchen-side, peers cautiously around the corner. He’s listening to (and tryi to catch a glimpse of) ULF, who cries into the shoulder o MATS (late 60s), a handsome elder. dHe’s still devastated over the desecrated Rotvalta.
64) 0) text: Five seconds earlier. Mark, who was just approaching the triangular temple, freezes to investigate the distance scream. It is followed by nothing. His attention now returns to the temple, where a group of young women are entering and exiting. The women entering carry large floral ornaments; the ones exiting are fetchi new ornaments from a pile. Mark keeps his distance, but continues to warily approach INGA emerges from the house, but when she sees him, she pauses and hesitantly waves hello.
64) 1) dialog: (to himself) Fuck, yep, that’s her. Embarrassed, Mark gives a half-wave, then instinctively t away, as if to change course.
64) 2) dialog: Fuck. He then forces himself to turn back. Still looking at him Inga has returned to work, having picked up a big piece o floral ornamentation. She turns her back to him as she re enters the temple. Behind Mark, the young boy BROR runs from one group to another, announcing:
65) 0) text: The dining tables are now set in a runic pattern (symboli TBD). Everyone is seated. Christian, Dani, Josh and Mark sit at a table. Pelle is seated a few seats away. Dani glances over at him. He smi warmly and looks away. Dani’s eyes LINGER on him. The SERVERS are laying plates in front of everyone. One es specially COY-LOOKING SERVER sets a plate in front of ISTIAN. It features the special meat pie with the BASIL L on top.
65) 5) dialog: Yeah, I’m pretty sure I noticed her trying out for the sprinting olympics.
65) 14) dialog: (to Josh) Fuck. Somebody’s still sore about “the ancestral tree.” Josh looks up to see Ulf, whose eyes really are trained o Mark.
65) 17) dialog: Is he gonna kill me? Josh, Preoccupied, turns to Christian. He asks, faux- casually
65) 22) dialog: (seeing this) Oh my God, dude. What the fuck?
65) 24) dialog: Was that a fucking pube? Ew.
65) 26) dialog: Yeah. A pubic hair.
65) 27) dialog: (embarrassed) Why are you embarrassed? Shhh! Calm down. They’re the ones handing out hair pies. Christian tenses up, embarrassed by Mark. He then notices MAJA is looking at him. Dani catches this. Christian self-consciously breaks the gaze, taking a sip his drink (a pink-tinted MEAD in a crystal glass). Mark notices that ULF is still staring him down.
65) 28) dialog: Jesus. He’s still lookin’ at me. Josh looks tensely at his NOTES. He stares at a line that reads: Affects -- runic combinations, “emotional sheet music", followed by different examplés of the affect hieroglyphics. 82 83 84 85 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 88
65) 31) dialog: What?
65) 33) dialog: Uhhh... Oh-kay.
65) 34) dialog: Yes? Yeah. Okay. Sure. Great. Mark rises from his seat.
65) 35) dialog: (to his friends) I’ll be back, I guess? She’s gonna show me... Mark looks very excited as he walks off with Inga. She ta his hand and leads him toward the woods.
67) 0) text: Josh rushes across the grass. It’s now darkest twilight. hustles to the TEMPLE, glancing nervously about. 86 87 88 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 89 INT. RUBEN’S TEMPLE - FOYER - CONTINUOUS 86 Josh passes the dark foyer to enter through the Temple Doors... INT. RUBEN’S TEMPLE - CONTINUOUS 87 Josh sneaks into the Temple. Ruben is asleep by the door. Josh creeps past him to app reach the pedestal featuring holy book RUBI RADR. He ls out his phone, turns on the FLASHLIGHT, and begins thking silent PHOTOS - page by pag of Rubi Radr’s text. While he anxiously photographs, Josh keeps glancing up at Temple DOORS, making sure he’s still alone. He has photog about fifteen pages when he hears the front door CREAK op Josh FREEZES. He looks up. Through the Temple’s open door sees SOMEONE standing in the dark foyer. The person is ba visible in the dimness. After some scrutiny, Josh makes i to be MARK. He is standing motionless.
68) 0) text: Outside, the ROOSTER crows. People stir awake in their beds. Josh’s bed is EMPTY. As Mark's. 89
95) 0) text: The young women usher Dani to her bed. They sit her down, atherin intimately around her. Dani struggles increasingl o breathe. Hanna HOLDS Dani’s FACE in her hands. She locks eyes with Dani_and affects DEEP BREATHING. Dani's eyes, unwilling t settle at first, gradually become FIXED to Hanna’s. Hanna continues to affect deep, measured breathing. Dani strugg to follow her. Her breathing trembles to meet Hanna’s example. Finall Dani BREAKS DOWN into tears. Everything she’s bottle "up, all the emotions that she’s labored to stifle it all comes BURSTING out. She falls into deep, anguished SOBS. Still locked onto Dani’s gaze, Hanna also breaks down. Sh SOBS DEEPLY along with Dani. They are sympathetically connected. It’s remarkable, and very unsettling. The surrounding women have also started CRYING, althou he as intensely as Hanna, who has absolutely fixed hersel Dani. The crying is infectious, and the deeper they go, t greater the outpour. It has become a circle of hysterical, weeping women. They moan and scream and cry. It’s positively TRIBAL. 110 111 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 108
100) 0) text: CU of a WHEEL rolling across the grass. Tracking alongsid this, we tilt up to reveal that it belongs to a WHEELBARR Lying in the wheelbarrow is CONNIE’S CORPSE. It is soakin and its flesh is grossly distended (from being left underwater). She is wearing the same outfit (of greenery jewels) that was used earlier for the sacrificial tree (w was fed to the lake). Continuing to track alongside the wheelbarrow (which is pushed by a young male Hargan), we pull back to EXPAND OU VIEW. We reveal that the Hargan is carting Connie’s corps toward the yellow-painted TRIANGULAR TEMPLE, which was previously off-limits. It stands in the center of an open ield. Its door is now OPEN. We settle on a static wide of this until a NEW CART is pu into frame. We now follow this cart, keeping it centered frame. This cart holds MARK’S “CORPSE.” In fact, it is ju his hollowed out SKIN - stuffed with straw and hay. Atop head is a jester’s hat. Peripherally, other bodies are being carted toward the ho We continue to track ahead, following Mark’s cart INTO th SACRED HOUSE...
101) 0) text: The interior is completely adorned in greenery. An imposs lush mausoleum. In the center is a PLATFORM made of hay. Connie’s corpse is rested against one wall. Mark’s is seated against the opposite wall. Beyond them, to either side, are the TWO ELDER TREE-CORPS that were standing upright in the crowd. The male body is surrounded by his most precious belongings (jewelry, book etc.). The dead female elder is also surrounded by her mo prized possessions. Beyond them, at the far end of the temple, is... JOSH'S BODY, which is covered in dirt and soil. His eyes nostrils are clogged with earth. His face is locked into gagged scream, his mouth utterly stuffed with paper (from Rubi Radr). Stacks of books rest on his lap (and atop tho his smartphone stands on its side, facing outward). And beside Josh... 115 116 117 118 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 113