17) 12) dialog: Hey. Hello.
31) 3) dialog: Alright? Ta. Simon sits.
31) 4) dialog: (re: the boys What are they playing?
31) 7) dialog: (sarcastic) Precious. Dani notices Ingemar STARING at Simon and Connie. He look resentful. He finally averts his eyes and forces a smile. MAJA, in the dancing train, is about to pass the group. S summons the nerve to gently KICK Christian’s back. Christ looks up to see Maja passing by. She SMILES bashfully at He confusedly smiles Dani notices Christian smiling, but doesn’t see Maja (who already turned away). Christian RISES, suddenly feeling bold.
32) 0) text: The dance is over, although separate groups are still dan and playing in the BG. Pelle is now leading our group on a TOUR. (Ingemar, Conni and Simon have joined along.) We track alongside.
32) 22) dialog: (to Dani We've actually asked Ingemar to officiate the wedding.
32) 24) dialog: Nope! Everybody LAUGHS - including Ingemar. Christian points out a GIANT TRIANGULAR HOUSE which stand isolated in a large field. It has been painted a vivid yellow. (Two teen boys hang out beside it.)
32) 31) dialog: So we’re just gonna ignore the bear, then. 34 35 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 43
32) 35) dialog: Wait. Is she dripping period blood into the drink?
40) 0) text: The community has gathered on the rocky | galley. Tall CL loom imposingly. The baby cries in the . Our group stands to the side, along with Simon, Connie an Ingemar. Christian turns to DANI, who looks extremely une
42) 0) text: Everyone looks up at the cliff’s peak. Dani is SWEATING B now, her breathing erratic. Finally, YLVA appear at the edge. Rapt silence. Ylva stands there for a long time. Mesmerized, Josh steps slowly to the side (away from Dani Christian) to get a better look. His eyes are glued to th cliff-top. Ylva, having now summoned total confidence, assumes a GRA POSE, twisting her arms and legs into a standing fetal position, and extending her neck/head into a glorious rea for the heavens. This pose represents a final statement. Dani BRACES herself. Her TEETH begin to chatter. She GRAB Christian’s arm, and then -- Ylva LEAPS OFF THE PRECIPICE. Connie and Simon SCREAM. Th woman plummets 200 feet to LAND FATALLY on the jagged roc below. Upon impact, a FLOCK OF BIRDS ALIGHTS from a tree. Connie SCREAMS. Our group is shocked into horrified silence. Dani looks l she’s been knocked out of her body. The birds fly over Da head, and a sudden rush courses through her. Disassociated, Dani turns to look at Connie and Simon, wh are freaking out. Then Christian points upward, redirecting Dani’s dazed attention to the cliff-top. Dani’s EYES scan back up to see... DAN - the elder whose torch burnt out before circling the house three times - is_now stepping up to the precipice. also strikes a POSE, also reaching for the awesome, but h is slightly clumsier. He wobbles, but he holds the pose. While holding it, he turns to look down...at Dani.
42) 1) dialog: (panicking) What’s happening? Is he gonna jump, too? No-- Dan LAUNCHES HIMSELF OFF THE CLIFF, jumping vertically. Connie GASPS. Dan plummets straight down, but his left fo lands on the large rock that killed Ylva. This obliterate his leg and. sends him falling brutally to his side. Dan, unfortunately not dead, WAILS in horrible pain. The community grumbles with concern. Everyone turns to THREE MEN - each the oldest of their respective generatio (the youths, the laborers, and the mentors). They understand what they must do.
42) 2) dialog: Why did that just happen? We need to call an ambulance.
42) 5) dialog: It’s okay. What’s okay?! CALL AN AMBULANCE! Everybody's just watching! Sten oer eiab wi the three men with a CUDGEL. This is a l handled club with a pointed block of wood at the end. The cudgel is handed over to the MENTOR. Dani watches, overwhelmed, as the three men (now armed wi the cudgel) stalk over to Dan. The dying man moans pathetically, in too much pain to scream. From DANI’S POV: The men have arrived at Dan’s feet. The mentor RAISES the cudgel, and brutally swings it down ont Dan's HEAD. This isn’t a fatal blow. The man raises the cudgel again, and this time he STRIKES Dan with enough force to silence him. The mentor hands the cudgel to the LABORER. He raises the cudgel and brings it down onto the old man’s crown. The elder’s leg goes into pathetic SPASMS. Blood gurgling. Th qaborer BLUDGEONS him once more. Dan goes limp, probably lead. The YOUTH is now handed the cudgel. He delivers two bruta swings to Dan’s head. The mentor gently takes the cudgel from the youth, and they all return to the community. The mentor hands Sten the cudgel, and everyone stands in respectful, contemplative silence. Dani is GRIPPING Christian’s arm. She is completely shell shocked. Christian turns to Josh; they exchange “holy shi looks. Moré EXCITED than troubled: Siv bounds over to Connie and Simon, who are in a panic. trembles, powder-white. Traumatized.
42) 7) dialog: Nobody did anything! Everyone just watched that!
42) 8) dialog: Oh my, poor things-- You’re all just standing calmly around!!
47) 0) text: Christian emerges from the Main House, extremely tense. N the door, a very pale SIMON smokes a cigarette with Conni Mark stands with them, stunned.
47) 2) dialog: I can’t stay here four more days, I’m sorry. That’s fine. I can’t, either. Mark turns to Christian:
47) 4) dialog: We feel the same way, mate. Fuming, Christian just acknowledges Simon with a tight-li smile. Looking out, he then notices in the FIELD: several and women are decorating a TREE that has been pulled from earth and is now elevated on its side. Among the decorato he sees MAJA, working with her friend ULLA (28). They lau as they work. Christian gestures “excuse me” to Simon, and approaches M As he walks toward her, he passes several other people working in the BG.
57) 0) text: The ceremony has ended. Simon and Connie stand frozen, traumatized. Simon is visi DISTRAUGHT. He stares up at the top of the HILL, where th blood-drained animals are now being taken from the pillor
57) 1) dialog: Are we eating those animals?
57) 2) dialog: Not those ones. And why not?
57) 4) dialog: So what were they killed for? So we could watch that shit and clap? Ingemar smiles. This infuriates Simon. SIMON (CONT’D) CONNIE What the fuck is that smile, (trying to calm him) mate? Get it off. Simon... This has drawn attention. People are now looking over.
57) 5) dialog: (gesturing) We can talk about this over here. Why didn’t we talk about it before you took us here? Ingemar gently touches Simon’s arm to lead him away.
57) 6) dialog: (pulling back his arm) Don’t sort me out, mate! STEN speaks up.
57) 9) dialog: What’s offending me? Besides the fact I just saw something I can’t ever unsee, I’m offended that ou’re teaching impressionable ids to sacrifice innocent animals ze including a fucking defenseless log-- IRMA speaks up.
57) 11) dialog: Because it’s fucking Why are you swearing?! We’re medieval! not swearing! Sten gestures to Irma to calm down.
57) 13) dialog: What are my terms? You don’t know my terms-—
57) 20) dialog: Lovely. Thank you. (to Connie) Let’s go. We’re getting our things.
57) 22) dialog: You need my help specifically?
57) 24) dialog: (to Connie) Go pack our stuff. I’1l pick you up out front in - (to Sten) - five minutes?
60) 0) text: Dani walks idly around, thinking about her exchange with Pelle (and about Simon leaving Connie). She holds the her ouch that Pelle gave to her. As the gears turn in her hea er attention falls on... 76
98) 0) text: Christian enters. He shuts the door behind him. Chickens stupidly about. Christian tries to regain his composure. But as he tries steady his breath, he SEES... Across the room, SIMON - naked - is suspended midair. His arms are outstretched, his body faced downwards, and it looks like he’s flying. (In fact, he’s being held up by flora-decorated ro es « His BACK HAS BEEN OPENED UP, his RIBS SEPARATED FRO! IS SPINE (reaching outward like claws and his LUNGS HAVE BEEN PULLED UP TO LOOK LIKE OUTSPREAD WINGS. It appears that his bloody “wings” have also been covered in bird feed. In fact, one chicken is currently standing on his back, pecking at a rib. Frozen in horror, Christian stares unblinkingly.