27) 23) dialog: Glad midsommar allihopa! As she speaks, several TEENS - all wearing outfits to distinguish them as waiters - pass out shot glasses of AQUAVIT. SIV (CONT’D) Valkomna till bords. Vi har den varsta varmebéljan i mannaminne, vilket dr passande. Som ni vet sa ar det har festen vi fdrberett oss for i 90 ar. She notices the non-Swedish speakers, who are just arrivi at the back of the crowd. They receive shot glasses. SIV (CONT’D) Forgive me - I’m excluding the ones who aren't of Swedish tongue! Welcome to Harga, and happy midsummer ! (MORE )
27) 26) dialog: I believe it is the hottest and brightest that we've had in at least a decade, and this is our biggest party in almost a century! So - wow, yes?
27) 28) dialog: All right, my fellow merrymakers. Without any further blathering - let's raise our glasses - Everyone raises their aquavit. SIV (CONT’D) - and let our Nine-Day Feast commence! (announcing) Skal!
27) 30) dialog: And now, in keeping with tradition: Ylva and Dan will make three trips. If they return with the flame intact, our vintage will be abundant this year! Alternately, if it burns out - that will be an omen of bad luck and we will know to prepare. Josh turns to Pelle.
27) 34) dialog: Tillbaka till déden, andar!
41) 0) text: The two elders have been carried to the top of a CLIFF overlooking the beach. Their chairs are SET DOWN near the precipice. They are placed beside freshly carved (and impressively sized) RUNE STONES. The elders rise from. their seats and then stoically pu u their hands. Specially ordained men then draw CEREMO! BLADES across their palms, DRAWING BLOOD. 46
42) 9) dialog: Oh, mercy - please-- Siv tries to lay an empathic hand on Simon and Connie’s shoulder, but Simon RECOILS.
42) 10) dialog: You should have been warned better. What you just saw is a long, long, long observed custom. Those two men have Custom?! just reached the end of their life-cycle.
42) 13) dialog: You must understand it as a great joy for them. And when it is my turn, it will be great joy for me. back to Simon and orn ES} We view life like a circle. Shs? A re- cycle. One thing falls and another raises. The first lady who jumped: her name was Ylva. Yes? Siv points to a PREGNANT WOMAN: SIV (CONT’D) That baby, who is not yet born, will inherit this name and also be Ylva. And if it’s a boy, he will take the name of Dan. Dani gazes at_Siv, who has taken on a strange ETHEREAL GL (like an angel). SIV_(CONT’D) But instead of getting old and dying with shame and pain and fear, we give our life. As a gesture. Out of gratefulness. Before it can spoil. Siv releases Simon and Connie, who are no less fraught. S now addresses the whole group.
42) 14) dialog: It does no good to die lashing back at the inevitable. It corrupts the spirit.
49) 0) text: Everyone arrives at a lake. Trees at the short have been decorated with lanterns, and torches glow at the opposite side of the water. Siv walks up to a mystified Dani and Connie.
49) 1) dialog: Do you admire the Brisinga-smycket?
49) 3) dialog: Gladje’s necklace. We give it now to her mother, Kaérlek, as praise for creating our sun. 56
50) 22) dialog: (confused at first) Wicca? Oh my dear no! This is about reciprocity. Connie, wild eyed, looks unsatisfied. SIV (CONT’D) Strictly presentational. Dani still looks crazed. She turns to find CHRISTIAN, who contrast) looks very amused.
54) 0) text: In the BG, the men from the last scene carry the ash tray over to a massive ROTVALTA (a fallen tree whose root syst is exposed). The earth around the rotvdlta is particularl ASHEN. The men ceremoniously scatter the ashes across the pale, chalky ground. We pull back from this to reveal PELLE tending to the gar
55) 0) text: CU of a COW’S HEAD being . pushed through a hole in a PIL We ZOOM OUT of this to find that the pillory has addition holes (extending beyond both sides of the cow’s), and additional animals’ heads are being pushed through them. We_ eventually zoom out wide enough _to reveal that this illory, perched at the top of a HILL, has secured the hea of NINE ANIMALS S gone sheep, two goats, two dogs, a baby horse, a cow, two pigs). Sven stands to the side of the line-up. On the other side Siv, Dagny and Hanna. The entire community has congregated at the bottom of the hill. Dani looks very nervous. She turns to Pelle, who already looks concerned for her.
61) 0) text: SIV_ stands among labouring men, staring at the KITCHEN WINDOW. She watches Dani. Behind her, the maypole is bein transported from its original placement.
72) 2) dialog: Please. Come in. Christian rises to follow Siv into the other room... 93 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 94 INT. SMALL WHITE HOUSE - LARGER ROOM - SIV’S HOUSE - 93
72) 5) dialog: How do you feel about Maja? Christian pauses. Siv is stone. She gives him nothing.
72) 8) dialog: You have been approved to mate with her. You’re an ideal astrological match and she has fixed her hopes on you.
72) 10) dialog: She fixed on you before you came. Pelle showed her a photo.
72) 12) dialog: Dani will not know. I am not proposing marriage. You wouldn’t be approved for that.
72) 14) dialog: I'm asking you if you care to mate with Maja. It is a one-night offer.
72) 18) dialog: That sounds probably right. Beat. Christian doesn’t know what to say. SIV (CONT’D) From an academic perspective, it would also provide a unique glimpse into our sexual rites.
72) 21) dialog: You can think about it right here. Tonight is the time of alignment. Then it’s done. A long, conflicted pause.
72) 23) dialog: (pause) Is that your answer? Christian hesitates. He’s very torn.
81) 0) text: Everyone is finished (although there’s a smaller number o women at the table now). Siv RISES. All eyes go respectfu to her.
81) 1) dialog: Now it is traditional for the May Queen to bless our crops and livestock. And after the luck you just inherited from that salt erring, we should all be doubly encouraged. Laughter all around. Siv_gestures in the direction of a CARRIAGE, just beyond tables. Its back sports TWO UNLIT TORCHES. Several girls to pull the carriage and six to accompany it) surround it One GIRL scatters flowers to create a PATH between Dani a the carriage. Dani RISES. Everyone else stands up, too.
81) 3) dialog: No. The Queen must ride alone. Dani pauses to accept this. She steps onto the floral pat approaches the carriage. On the way, Hanna offers her a L FE. ING STICK. Dani accepts it. Hanna motions to the carriage unlit torches. Dani walks to the carriage, extends the stick’s flame tow the torches, and sets them each AFIRE. Hanna takes the stick back from Dani, and gestures for he enter the carriage. A TRADITIONALLY DRESSED MAN stands be the carriage door. He hands Dani a VIAL OF HOLY SPRING WA and offers Dani his hand (for support) as she contemplate entering.
99) 3) dialog: On this, the day of our deity of purification, we gather to give special thanks to our treasured Sun. As_an offering to our Father, we will today surrender nine human lives. Christian’s eyes flare with terror. Dani’s expression is blank.
99) 4) dialog: As Harga takes, so Harga also gives. Thus, for every newblood sacrificed, we will dedicate one of our own. That is: four newbloods, four Hargans, and one to_be chosen by our Queen. Nine in all, to die and be reborn in the great Cycle. Siv is done. Sten now continues the speech.