28) 10) dialog: Lat oss ata! Everyone digs in.
57) 7) dialog: What’s offending you, son? SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 79
57) 12) dialog: (to Simon) Are you even aware you’re in your body right now? (then) Sacrifice is essential in any relationship. Let’s put it in your terms-—
57) 14) dialog: (continuing, louder ) Say you're entangled with a lover who can’t put your needs before her own.
57) 16) dialog: (to Connie now) Say your partner can’t part with even a fraction of his own comfort to give you what you need. And show that you, re appreciated. o both of them now) Wouldn’t you resent them? Wouldn’t you start to neglect them yourself? Maybe ing d even want to punish them for taking you for granted. (to Simon) Sacrifice is proof. And without it, I’m sorry, but no union can last. Beat. Simon pops the bubble: 70
57) 19) dialog: I'll happily drive you to the station.
57) 21) dialog: (gesturing) I do need your help jum ing the truck, if you’ll be so
57) 25) dialog: Very fine. Connie doesn’t want to 9° alone. She hesitates and then w quickly off. We TRACK alongside Connie, following her awa As Connie speed-walks, PANIC rises in her. She looks back few times, making sure that she’s not being followed.
59) 0) text: Mark, standing in the shadow of the kitchen-side, peers cautiously around the corner. He’s listening to (and tryi to catch a glimpse of) ULF, who cries into the shoulder o MATS (late 60s), a handsome elder. dHe’s still devastated over the desecrated Rotvalta.
69) 5) dialog: We have something regretful to announce. This mornin nineteenth book of Rubi a Radr was found missing from the temple. We are not hoping to point fingers, yet we ask kindly that whoever took it, please return it to its original place. You can leave it in the temple, which will be left unguarded and unwatched. Nobody need know it was you. If it is not returned by tonight, other actions will be taken. Thank you. He sits down and everyone uneasily resumes eating.
70) 0) text: Breakfast has ended. Christian, Dani and Pelle deposit th dirty dishes at the washing station, only to turn around see ARNE and STEN walking toward them. Our group anticipa the following question:
70) 7) dialog: What girl?
70) 13) dialog: to Dani) You’ll be going with the women for the day’s activity. Karin is standing behind Sten, ready to take Dani. She st forward to hand Dani a special summer dress.
70) 14) dialog: (to Christian) And Siv asks to see you in her house.
70) 18) dialog: What?! Christian turns to see a distraught Pelle and Odd.
80) 4) dialog: You must eat it whole, but the tail going first.
80) 6) dialog: (chuckle) No no - you must try. Christian, tripping heavily, turns to a LARGE MAN to his side. _ CHRISTIAN . How much is happening right now?
80) 10) dialog: A word from the May Queen!
99) 5) dialog: The four newbloods have already been supplied. As for our end, we have two already dedicated - Sten gestures to two elderly CORPSES (one male and one female) proudly DISPLAYED near the back of the crowd. The stand upright, and their bottom halves (legs, hips) have replaced by TREE STUMPS and their arms have been replaced dense TREE BRANCHES. Their branch-arms are positioned to strike s olic poses. The female’s head is tilted back as GNARLED TWIGS jut violently from her mouth (as if they gr out of her stomach). 113 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 111
99) 7) dialog: - and two who have volunteered. projecting to the crowd) Ingemar? Ulf? INGEMAR and ULF take one step forward. Ulf looks nervous. Ingemar looks overjoyed.
99) 8) dialog: You have brought outside offerings, thus volunteering your own bodies. You will today be joined in harmony with Everything. (to Pelle) And to Pelle, who has brought us new blood and our new Queen: you are today honored for your unclouded intuition. Pelle, wearing a VERY LARGE GARLAND CROWN, smiles serenel Sten continues:
99) 9) dialog: And now, for the ninth offering, it is traditional that our fair Queen shall choose between a pre-selected newblood and a specially ordained Hargan... Sten turns to an Elder standing beside a large BALL CAGE generally used in bingo) at the end of the platform. The cage holds about a hundred WOODEN BALLS (the size of ping pong balls) with a different RUNIC NAME carved into each. The Man rotates the ball cage, which then dispenses a sin BALL. The man holds up the ball and reads the name aloud:
99) 11) dialog: Honorable Dag! Please step forward. DAG, a man in his late 50s, looks like he just won the lottery. He takes a step forward, beaming with pride.
99) 12) dialog: And Christian Hughes. A Hargan man now wheels Christian, whose eyes are locked wide, away from the base of the stage. He positions Chris beside Dag to also be facing the stage. Christian is shoc at the sight of Dani.
99) 13) dialog: (to Dani) These are your candidates for the ninth and final offering. We patiently await your verdict. Christian tries to scream, but this only results in muffl moans. His eyes BEG Dani for mercy. Her eyes are GLASS. The community waits as Dani makes her silent deliberation 113 114 115 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 112
99) 15) dialog: (to the crowd) The honor has been bestowed on Christian Hughes, our ninth and most sacred offering! Christian’s muffled screams now become hysterical. He has turned blue in the face. Dani’s gaze remains steely and absent.
100) 0) text: CU of a WHEEL rolling across the grass. Tracking alongsid this, we tilt up to reveal that it belongs to a WHEELBARR Lying in the wheelbarrow is CONNIE’S CORPSE. It is soakin and its flesh is grossly distended (from being left underwater). She is wearing the same outfit (of greenery jewels) that was used earlier for the sacrificial tree (w was fed to the lake). Continuing to track alongside the wheelbarrow (which is pushed by a young male Hargan), we pull back to EXPAND OU VIEW. We reveal that the Hargan is carting Connie’s corps toward the yellow-painted TRIANGULAR TEMPLE, which was previously off-limits. It stands in the center of an open ield. Its door is now OPEN. We settle on a static wide of this until a NEW CART is pu into frame. We now follow this cart, keeping it centered frame. This cart holds MARK’S “CORPSE.” In fact, it is ju his hollowed out SKIN - stuffed with straw and hay. Atop head is a jester’s hat. Peripherally, other bodies are being carted toward the ho We continue to track ahead, following Mark’s cart INTO th SACRED HOUSE...