54) 23) dialog: 
54) 25) dialog: Stoppa undan din vidriga kuk. Hur vagar du! Mark zips back up, utterly confounded. He steps out from behind the tree, but is still standing on the ashes. 64 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 72
54) 27) dialog: 
54) 29) dialog: Det har &r vara fdrfader! Du pissar pa vara forfadder! People have started gathering around.
54) 32) dialog: Din lilla Amerikanska van har, har pissat pa Rotvdltan!
54) 35) dialog: The tree? So what? I’m sorry. “SO WHAT?!"
59) 0) text: Mark, standing in the shadow of the kitchen-side, peers cautiously around the corner. He’s listening to (and tryi to catch a glimpse of) ULF, who cries into the shoulder o MATS (late 60s), a handsome elder. dHe’s still devastated over the desecrated Rotvalta.
102) 0) text: We are PUSHING TOWARD the bookbinding house, whose doors open. To the side of it, Ulf and Ingemar are being embrac passionately by several members of the community.
106) 0) text: The fire has grown considerabl Inside the bear, Christian is now being steam-boiled in t é animal’s fluids: The bear's FUR begins to catch fire. Before long, the who animal is swallowed in the blaze. Christian’s wretched fa becomes invisible behind the flames. Ulf and Ingemar (still smiling) watch this with detached fascination. The fire has now spread to other piles of hay. It has beg to crawl up the walls of the house. Ulf is suddenly consumed by flames. He SCREAMS!
107) 0) text: Ulf£’s screams are heard from the Sacred House. Suddenly, member of the Hargan community (who is not singing) begin SCREAM as well. Feeling Ulf’'s pain, they emit a horrible of wails. When Ulf’s screams die down, So do theirs. Meanwhile, Ruben has been given paper to PAINT on. Two el encourage him. DANI, watching the burning house with fraught eyes, is suddenly met with a wave of conflicting emotions. Her expression curdles into one of sheer HORROR and DISGUST. it becomes one of deep SORROW and SHAME. Her eyes well wi tears. The singing has now HARMONIZED and has risen to an insane, operatic pitch. We cut to an immense WIDE. Dani’s back is in the f.g. and burning house is in the b.g. Overcome, Dani buries her fa her hands. Breaking into gentle sobs, she begins to walk aimlessly to the side. We TRACK alongside her, keeping he centered, She is circling the house, pulling at her hair face in increasing anguish. She is WEEPING now, and the h fever= present in the b.g.) has become ENGULFED in the ra ames. Dani begins MOANING and SCREAMING. Her howls almost harmo with the singing in the b.g. The fire ROARS and CRACKLES the distance. It’s apocalyptic. 121 SALMON Revisions (9/17/2018) 115