8) 15) text: Quail's eyes linger on "Intelligence Agent."
16) 1) dialog: Aren't you the man from Mars?
16) 3) dialog: Don't give us a reason to kill you.
17) 2) dialog: You told everyone at Rekall about you trip to Mars. Where you went, who you worked for, what you did --
17) 4) dialog: You've remembered too much. The Sphinx Project, for a start....
17) 6) dialog: They've been taken care of.
17) 10) dialog: Get in the car.
17) 14) dialog: No one's going to kill you if [you do what you're told.] We're visiting E.I.O. for some new tests.  Now get in, or do we start playing rough?
17) 18) dialog: What, Quail?  What do you remember?
87) 0) text: Bennie's car hurtles through the crowds with the official car gaining on it.  Bennie takes a corner sharply near a huge water selling stand.  The official car brakes to mak the same turn, but clips the side of the water stand.  Th water container tips and empties water through the open roof (i.e. through which one of the Agents has been firin so that the car completely fills.  The driver continues t chase, but the occupants are now submerged.  They frantic ally open the windows while continuing to follow Bennie's car.
93) 0) text: Scaffolding and excavation works cover a wall of the Sphi the Sphinx's huge CARVED FACE visible in the background. Quail and several other E.I.O. agents stand poised, weari breathing masks and protective gear, as a powerful excavation device prizes back a huge stone, revealing an ENTRANCE TO SOME KIND OF HIDDEN CHAMBER. The other agents are fearful, don't want to proceed.  Qua ignores them, enters the chamber --
96) 0) text: Quail alone, hands bound, in a holding chamber.  Suddenly the door opens and THREE BEEFY E.I.O. AGENTS enter.  They grab Quail to haul him out.  Quail battles them with amazing skill and resourcefulness.  With his bound hands he SLUGS ONE MAN, hurling him into a wall;  he RABBIT- PUNCHES a second man with a two-handed blow and KNOCKS HIM UNCONSCIOUS.  The third man sneaks around behind Quail and DROPS HIM WITH A BLACKJACK to the back of the head. WHITE LIGHT.
97) 0) text: Quail on his back, all four limbs pinned by some futurist version of "the rack," his head held imobile by a FEARSOM DEVICE similar to the one we glimpsed on Earth, in the va the two agents tried to shove him into. Several DOCTORS stand over him.  INTO FRAME moves... Cohaagen! Cohaagen orders the doctors to attach electrodes to PROBE already inserted into Quail's brain.  As they turn up the power, Quail's face contorts in a grimace of agony --