4) 10) text: She gestures toward the TV screen where Martian police are keeping protesters behind a barrier.  Some have signs reading "A FREE MARS", "DOWN WITH COHAAGEN", "EARTH - OUT etc.
7) 4) text: TV scene switches to a press conference.  COHAAGEN, sur- rounded by AIDES, steps in front of a podium packed with news network microphones and cameras.  Cohaagen is a striking, intense man with an obvious air of power.
7) 5) dialog: We're dealing with a bunch of extremists and unrepresentative lunatics.  Mars is a happy and prosperous protectorate of Earth... and will remain so.
7) 8) dialog: I have no further comment.
55) 0) text: OPENING CLOSE on a MONITOR SCREEN slated "HAUSER/QUAIL" followed by a serial number and some dates.  The slate vanishes, replaced by a scene of Quail -- undergoing some KIND OF MILITARY TRAINING. PAN to OTHER MONITORS, all depicting Quail in other action scenes -- on some kind of mission, driving a car, etc. TECHNICIANS man the monitors, scrolling through them in fast-forward and fast reverse as if searching files. The technicians turn as Cohaagen and his aides enter.
55) 1) dialog: (demands) Anything?
55) 3) dialog: There must be something -- some place he would go, some friend he would run to.
55) 6) dialog: Again?!
55) 8) dialog: (continuing) Are you sure the original suppression took?
55) 10) dialog: (interrupting) Then how do you explain what he's doing?
55) 12) dialog: (very anxious) He'll remember Mars?  The Sphinx Project?
55) 14) dialog: What do you think I am?  A barbarian?  We're not living in the twentieth century!
55) 16) dialog: (continuing) Hold it there.
75) 7) text: Quail keeps his face in shadow and watches Cohaagen with curiosity as he passes.  Cohaagen is lit up briefly by a street lamp.  His face makes an impression on Quail, who perhaps faintly remembers him in the past.
88) 0) text: The solar car rushes down what appears to be a dead-end street, with the official vehicle (water pouring out of the windows) in pursuit. At the end of the street, however, Bennie doesn't stop bu continues going into a large opening.  It is an abandoned mine.  The bigger car follows him, but won't fit.  The roof is smashed to pieces as the vehicle is wedged into the narrow opening. The second official car pulls up behind.  A chauffeur jum out and opens the rear door.  Cohaagen steps out.  He sur veys the scene.  The four men in the wrecked car clamber their way backwards out of the wreckage.  They are covere in blood and their clothes are in shreds.
88) 1) dialog: I take it, then, you've failed to get him again.
88) 2) text: Cohaagen turns to an associate, EMILE, a youngish, well-dressed executive type.
88) 3) dialog: (continuing) Proceed with Operation Sphinx.
88) 5) dialog: With him... (gestures toward the mine) ...on the lose, I'm not taking any more chances. Operation Sphinx will flush him out.
97) 0) text: Quail on his back, all four limbs pinned by some futurist version of "the rack," his head held imobile by a FEARSOM DEVICE similar to the one we glimpsed on Earth, in the va the two agents tried to shove him into. Several DOCTORS stand over him.  INTO FRAME moves... Cohaagen! Cohaagen orders the doctors to attach electrodes to PROBE already inserted into Quail's brain.  As they turn up the power, Quail's face contorts in a grimace of agony --
117) 0) text: Cohaagen and a number of his associates, plus scientists and heavily arms troops are present.
117) 1) dialog: The air supply is off under the domes?
117) 3) dialog: Any trouble with the rabble?
123) 0) text: Cohaagen and his Aides hear the ALARMS, see Quail and Melina on MONITORS as they race down the corridor on Level One.
123) 1) dialog: How the hell did they get in?
123) 3) dialog: Up the fusion core??
123) 6) text: A wall sign behind Cohaagen reads:  "LEVEL THIRTEEN".
123) 7) dialog: Seal all upper levels.
126) 1) dialog: Forget them.  We'll pick up Quail once the shuttles have left for Earth.
129) 0) text: Cohaagen's chief aide, Emile, addresses him quietly.
129) 2) dialog: We'll tell him the computer's worked out the operational details so we don't really need him.  We're just doing him a favor.
129) 4) dialog: We offer him rewards.
129) 6) dialog: We'll torture him.  You don't think I got this far by being a nice guy?
131) 0) text: The video monitors show the space shuttles.  An operator, with earphones, turns to Cohaagen.
133) 1) dialog: Seal the breach!  Repressurize!
133) 12) dialog: Wait!
133) 14) dialog: If you activate the mechanism you'll die...there were glimpses of it in your memory.
133) 16) dialog: (assured) That's your death.  That's what it looks like.  That's what is always looks like.
133) 19) text: Quail hesitates.  He looks from Melina to Cohaagen.
133) 20) dialog: It's not too late.  Join us again.  U've a lot to offer. A whole world.
133) 23) text: He turns back to the machine and slowly raises his arm again.  His fingers reach towards the blank section on the panel.  Slowly, through the panel, a luminous hand reaches toward Quail's fingers.  Gently, the fingers of the two hands touch. The entire control room begins to rumble and shudder.  As Quail reaches for Melina, Cohaagen suddenly dives on him. They grapple amid the shuddering Sphinx and can be seen only intermittently as debris crashes around them. The fight ends as Cohaagen is hurled backwards and disappears when a section of floor collapses underneath h