67) 1) dialog: Last Chance Air Station Kilometer 61   Gird Square T9"
72) 14) text: His nod indicates an area behind Quail.  He turns to see an attractive waitress placing drinks on tables.  She doesn't notice Quail.  He walks toward her through the crowd.  Bennie watches, then tactfully slips away. MELINA turns to return to the bar and runs straight into Quail.  She stops, obviously astonished to see him.
72) 15) dialog: You bastard!
72) 16) text: Almost in tears, she pushes her way through the crowd to billiard room, which is separated from the main bar by swinging doors. There are no occupants and it is almost in darkness.  Qua bewildered, follows her.  Inside the billiard room he tur on the lights which illuminates the area of the table. (NOTE:  As Quail and Melina speak, the activity in the outside bar can be seen above the swinging doors.) Melina is still fighting back tears.  Quail stops in fron of her, unsure about what to do.  He has no recollection of how well he might have known this woman. Suddenly, she slaps him hard across the face.
72) 17) dialog: (quietly) You bastard...
72) 19) dialog: (continuing) That's new -- the innocent look. (bitter sarcasm) You didn't have that one before. (beat) Well?
72) 22) dialog: All right, I'll say it for you.
72) 24) dialog: (continuing) Don't worry.  I got the note. You discharged your obligation.
72) 26) dialog: Oh, the usual one.  "Must return immediately to Earth... the wife needs me..."
72) 28) dialog: What are you here for?!
72) 30) text: Melina bursts into tears.  Quail rather tentatively puts his arms around her.  She welcomes this at first, but the pushes him away.
72) 32) dialog: "Whoever you were"???
72) 34) text: All Melina's suspicions come rushing back.
72) 36) text: Melina backs off.  Quail grows more desperate.
72) 38) text: Melina's expression grows dead hard.
72) 39) dialog: [And I thought...]
72) 41) dialog: (ignoring the question) Memory erasure is what they use on agents.  Go away.
72) 44) dialog: I'm not trusting you again.
72) 46) dialog: That you was a liar.  Who you are now I don't even know.
72) 48) dialog: (tears starting) Get out!
72) 50) dialog: (crying quietly) Get out!  Get the hell away from me!
76) 31) text: The door starts to open.  Quail pivots and points his gun at the opening door. MELINA walks in, carrying a CLIPBOARD.  She looks at Quai with professional detachment.
76) 32) dialog: Yes, Mr. Quail, I'm afraid it's all true.
76) 34) dialog: (continuing) I tried to break through to you earlier, but you just molded me into your fantasy. Sometimes it takes Dr. Edgemar to get through to a client as tough as you.
76) 38) dialog: Please, Mr. Quail... try to cooperate.  You're having a schizophrenic embolism.
76) 53) dialog: Watch out, Charles!  There's more of them in the hall!
76) 56) text: Melina is still crouched by Edgemar's body, holding his HAND for some reason.  Her CLIPBOARD dangles by her side.
76) 57) dialog: (whispering) There's an explosive in the clipboard!  He has a dead-man switch in his hand!
76) 63) text: Quail takes the CLIPBOARD from Melina and eases himself t the side of the doorway.
76) 66) text: Quail reaches around the corner and SAILS THE CLIPBOARD i the hallway.  Melina lets go of Edgemar's hand -- There is a TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION in the hallway,
78) 0) text: Quail strides back in, icy-furious.  He seizes Melina by the wrist and drags her after him into the corridor.
79) 0) text: Two more E.I.O. men appear but Quail shoots them while dragging Melina down the hall in the opposite direction. He pushes open the door leading to the staircase.
80) 0) text: Quail and Melina run down the stairs.  On the next landin is a service elevator, from which a waiter is emerging carefully carrying a tray with hors d'oeuvres and champag
81) 0) text: Quail presses the basement button.  As he talks to Melina he opens the champagne and pours two glasses.  The waiter is too frightened to protest.
81) 2) dialog: They kidnapped me.  Said they'd kill you if I didn't cooperate.  I told them I didn't care, but then when I realized they meant it...
81) 4) dialog: We were together before.
82) 0) text: Quail and Melina run from a basement door into an alley. A solar car whips out in front of them.  Quail and Melina leap aboard.
82) 1) dialog: Go, Bennie, for God's sake!
83) 0) text: Bennie weaves as fast as he can in and out of the traffic Quail and Melina ducking out of view in the passenger sea
83) 2) dialog: What?
85) 4) text: Bennie reaches down, grasps a KNOB.  He yanks it, like someone starting an outboard motor -- and an ear-splittin LOUD ENGINE roars to life. Bennie opens the throttle and the solar car HURTLES DOWN THE STREET.  Quail and Melina are thrown back in the seat
86) 4) dialog: You better have two aces, Bennie. (glances behind) There's a second cruiser -- and it's gaining --
89) 3) text: They have now climbed out of the car.  Quail looks searchingly at Melina and Bennie.
89) 9) dialog: No.  But we still believe in a free Mars.
89) 10) text: They walk as they talk - into a room off the main tunnel. It is adorned with "FREE MARS" and "MARTIAN LIBERATION FRONT" posters.  A group of people are printing T-shirts and leaflets.  They exchange greetings with Melina and Bennie.
89) 12) dialog: You - when you were Charles Hauser with E.I.O - infiltrated our group.  I guess Cohaagen didn't trust you any more when you and
89) 15) dialog: ...so he had your memory wiped and fixed you up with a new identity.
89) 17) dialog: I don't know.
89) 21) dialog: (reflecting) Maybe there's a way  you can get your memory back.
89) 23) dialog: A bit of Martian Wisdom. We're not all stupid colonists.
90) 0) text: Bennie, Quail and Melina are walking in a crowded area of town.  Water sellers and food stalls are everywhere. An ARMORED LOUDSPEAKER VEHICLE appears, broadcasting to the crowd.  It is also swinging a powerful searchlight along the footpaths and streets.
90) 2) dialog: He's doing it!
90) 4) dialog: Clearing everyone out!  It's been rumored for months...
90) 5) text: The searchlight approaches Bennie, Quail and Melina.  Ben ducks into a doorway, while Quail grabs Melina and kisses her passionately.  The light sees only the back of his he She responds warmly to his kiss.
90) 7) dialog: I though you believed in our cause?
91) 2) text: As Kuato speaks, Quail, unimpressed, talks, sotto voce, to Melina.
91) 4) dialog: Ssssh...there are skills on mars that Earth has forgotten.
92) 0) text: A Bysantine salon filled with enormous Oriental pillows. (NOTE:  In the scenes inside Kuato's sanctum, the loudspe vans in the outside streets can be heard from time to to time.  They are repeating the evacuation message from scene 99, but alternating it with a call for the apprehension of Quail and Melina...
92) 9) dialog: This is for our cause!
92) 13) dialog: That's interplanetary robbery!
94) 0) text: Quail and Melina are dancing.  The faceted mirror ball on the ceiling become the -- WHITE LIGHT.
95) 0) text: Melina watches from the bed as Quail dresses.  She rises, with only the sheet around her, tries desperately to make Quail stay.  Plainly he wants to, but he can't.  They kis lingeringly;  then Quail, as if "called to duty," exits. WHITE LIGHT.
99) 0) text: Quail awakens with a jolt.  White as a sheet... sweating like he's just run ten miles.  Then:  a transformation seems to come over him.  He LOOKS -- and SEES: KUATO slumped across the cushions -- MELINA beside Kuato BENNIE standing holding a smoking GUN trained on Kuato.
99) 1) dialog: (rushes to Quail) Charles!  Are you all right?
99) 3) dialog: (continuing) He kept dragging you deeper and deeper into the trance! We couldn't wake either of you!
99) 13) dialog: Are you okay?... Charles? Doug?  Whoever?
99) 14) text: Quail reaches out and closes the Oracle Head's tiny eyelids.  Melina and Bennie exchange a glance.  Then:
99) 22) dialog: But why?
99) 26) dialog: The Oracle... what did you learn?
100) 0) text: Quail, Melina and Bennie make their way through the crowd to Bennie's depot.  The streets are even busier then befo people are now beginning to evacuate the city.  Everyone carrying their possessions - bundles, suitcases, pets, et etc.  The loudspeaker vans are still touring and broad- casting the same message. Bennie indicates a building on their left.
101) 0) text: Bennie and Melina follow Quail as he walks up and down th rows of vehicles in the vast building.  There are bull- dozers and ore haulers as well as solar taxis.
101) 3) dialog: What are we doing, Charles? For God's sake, tell us.
101) 9) dialog: (ditto) Purpose?  What purpose?
101) 12) text: Melina shakes her head.  The vehicle moves off.
102) 0) text: GUARDS are carefully checking every vehicle leaving the city, though this has to be done fairly rapidly because of the inhabitants leaving for the Space Ports. The vehicle with Bennie, Quail and Melina arrives.
103) 0) text: Bennie is nervous.  Melina and Quail are in the back, but cannot be seen.  Guards are checking all vehicles exiting looking for Quail and Melina.
103) 2) text: The Guards laugh and signal him on. Once through the second door of the air lock (i.e. to the area outside the city), Quail and Melina emerge and sit up on the rear seats.
103) 5) dialog: (overlapping) For what?  To do what?
104) 2) dialog: (baffled) So why is Cohaagen shipping everyone out?
104) 4) dialog: And Cohaagen's going to own it all!
104) 6) dialog: No wonder he wanted you to... penetrate... out group.
105) 1) dialog: So what can we do?
105) 3) text: Melina is amazed.
105) 4) dialog: But who'll work the machine? Do you know how?
106) 2) dialog: But Cohaagen wiped your memory!!!
107) 2) dialog: (smiling) And all without the marvels of modern science!
108) 0) text: A wide shot shows a total of four patrol vehicles approac ing the vehicle with Quail, Melina and Bennie.  Suddenly, it stops moving.
109) 2) text: He turns to see Bennie is covering him and Melina with a pistol.
109) 3) dialog: You bastard.
109) 7) dialog: But what about the Martian people?  Out cause?  I thought you believed in it.
109) 9) text: At that instant, Melina lunges, PUNCHES A RED EMERGENCY BUTTON.  The VENT beside Bennie's hand BLOWS OPEN, [causi a powerful suction caused by Mars's vacuum atmosphere. Bennie's gun hand is PLANTED AGAINST THE VENT [OPENING.] Simultaneously, the air in the vehicle starts rushing out All three parties begin choking.  As Bennie's mechanical hand claws for the lever that seals the vent, Quail has a moment to jump him.  He pounds Bennie's gun hand, the
111) 2) text: Bennie presses another button and the BLADES START SPINNI Bennie's mechanical arm is in effect now a BUZZ SAW! The fight begins.  Bennie attacks Quail with his buzz-saw arm;  Quail dodges.  Bennie's arm shreds various articles in the cabin -- and keeps Melina at bay with well-timed swipes.  Finally Bennie gets in a roundhouse punch to Quail's jaw with his real hand.  Quail sprawls, dazed. Now Bennie goes for the kill.  But Melina leaps onto him. Bennie grabs her by the hair and moves his SPINNING HAND in for the quick kill.  Melina clutches the terrifying appendage with both hands, desperately keeping it at bay. But her strength is no match for Bennie; the whirring blades are just about to bite into Melina's neck when -- Quail comes back, lands a ferocious rabbit punch to Bennie's spine.  Quail lunges at him, grabs the blade weapon;  he and Bennie crash into the cabin wall and -- The BLADE RIPS CLEAR THROUGH THE MOLE'S WALL!  Alarms sound as a GAPING HOLE IS BLOWN IN THE SIDE OF THE
118) 0) text: The Mole bores through a sand wall, emerges into a crampe horizontal tunnel.  Quail and Melina leap out.  The poor Mole is smoking like an overheated drill bit.  Its nose is worn to a nub.
118) 1) dialog: We got in with this thing, but we'll never get back out.
118) 3) text: There's a lighted area at the end of the tunnel.  Quail and Melina hurry toward it, moving silently, close to the wall.
119) 0) text: They draw up an abyss -- where their tunnel intersects th MAIN DOWNSHAFT.  Melina gasps at the colossal scale of th drilling, hundreds of yards across, deeper than the eye can see, and crisscrossed by catwalks, buttresses and super-sophisticated technology. Quail and Melina are forty feet below the upper end of the main downshaft.  They can look up the shaft and see the first interior level of the Sphinx itself.
119) 2) dialog: Remind me not to slip.
119) 4) text: He's right at home -- and full of confidence. Quail climbs onto the ladder, which links various top levels. He starts to climb.  Melina follows him.  They are tiny figures.  The space around them plummets down to infinity
120) 0) text: A patrol of NINE HEAVILY-ARMED GUARDS appear from a corri in Level One -- directly above where Quail and Melina are climbing.
121) 6) text: The First Guard points to the edge  of the main shaft -- right where Quail and Melina are hiding.  The Guards cock their weapons, start cautiously forward.  Just as they're about to peer over the brink, guns at the ready:
121) 13) text: Before either Guard can react, the real Quail appears -- one foot behind them.  With two LIGHTNING BLOWS, he dispatches the Guards.  (Apparently Quail has climbed out of the shaft while the Guards were distracted.) Quail snatches both Guards' weapons, grenades and ammo belts.  Melina climbs out of the shaft.  Quail tosses her one of the Guard's guns.
122) 0) text: ALARMS go off everywhere.  Quail -- carrying a gun and al the grenades and ammo belts -- and Melina (just carrying gun) bolt down a corridor past a sign: "LEVEL ONE".
122) 1) dialog: (running) Where'd you get that little trick?
123) 0) text: Cohaagen and his Aides hear the ALARMS, see Quail and Melina on MONITORS as they race down the corridor on Level One.
124) 0) text: Quail and Melina are still racing through the corridors. He passes her a fresh ammo belt.
124) 2) text: Melina expertly ejects her spent clip (that Guards fired at Quail), slams in a fresh clip and cocks the gun. Quail has a half-second to react, impressed, then -- FOUR GUARDS pound into view at the end of the corridor. Melina opens fire, nails two.  Quail heaves a grenade; as it EXPLODES, he and Melina bolt down a side corridor --
125) 0) text: ALARMS continue as Quail and Melina dash down the side passageway.  MORE GUARDS cut them off;  Melina's machine gun sends them scattering -- Quail pauses at a corner.  He looks around quickly and se that an elevator is arriving.  He motions Melina back.  T doors of the elevator begin to open.  Very quickly, Quail bobs his head and arm around the corner.  He calls out, loudly...
125) 2) text: He hurls something toward the armed men in the elevator. Instinctively one of them reaches for the thrown object. It is an explosive device of some sort.  Quail and Melina press themselves against the wall just around a corner fr the elevator.  There is a tremendous explosion. Quail, followed by Melina, rounds a corner.  The elevator is in ruins; bodies are scattered everywhere.
125) 3) dialog: Great stuff, but how do we get up?
126) 0) text: Melina and Quail can be seen on the security monitor from a high angle.  Quail looks up, spots the monitor, and shoots is to pieces.  The image on the screen goes black.
127) 0) text: Quail spots a large WINDOWED AIR LOCK at the end of the corridor.  He and Melina race to it.  Quail starts to ope the inner door of the air lock.
127) 2) text: He is pulling Melina through the inner air lock door just as -- GUARDS stampede around the corner of the corridor toward them. Quail is out of sight, but they see Melina poised near th window.  She waves and smiles to them, hiding her gun beh her body.  They slow down and approach less cautiously, beguiled by her manner and attractiveness.  As they get close, she suddenly lifts her gun and opens fire, mowing them down.
128) 0) text: Quail and Melina climb through the outer air lock door. They are at the Sphinx's shoulder, with a dizzying drop beneath them.  Melina looks down.  She's sorry she did: the fall is at least 200 feet.  (Both are wearing their breathing apparatus.) Quail and Melina start to climb.  Up the Sphinx's shoulde along its Egyptian-like headdress --
130) 0) text: Quail and Melina traverse across the cheekbones, haul themselves up at the base of the red translucent eyes --
132) 0) text: Quail jams THREE GRENADES against the glass of the eyes, pulls Melina back behind the stone cheeks --
133) 2) text: An aide dives for an EMERGENCY SWITCH.  But now -- Quail and Melina, wearing breather masks, bursts in onto an overhead catwalk.  They OPEN FIRE on the Guards, who a choking, struggling with their masks. An EMERGENCY PRESSURE SEAL powers into place, sealing the breach in the eye.  REPRESSURIZATION comes up, the intern atmosphere stabilizes -- None of the men inside the control room still moves.  The victors tug off their masks, spring down to the main leve Melina hurries to the main control panel. Melina looks towards the video monitors showing half a dozen huge space shuttles lined up for departure.
133) 3) dialog: Those shuttles are starting up any minute.  If you know how to work this thing, you better do it now.
133) 7) dialog: Don't you know how?
133) 13) dialog: Don't wait!
133) 18) dialog: (looking toward space shuttles on video screens) Charles - for Mars's sake....
133) 19) text: Quail hesitates.  He looks from Melina to Cohaagen.
133) 23) text: He turns back to the machine and slowly raises his arm again.  His fingers reach towards the blank section on the panel.  Slowly, through the panel, a luminous hand reaches toward Quail's fingers.  Gently, the fingers of the two hands touch. The entire control room begins to rumble and shudder.  As Quail reaches for Melina, Cohaagen suddenly dives on him. They grapple amid the shuddering Sphinx and can be seen only intermittently as debris crashes around them. The fight ends as Cohaagen is hurled backwards and disappears when a section of floor collapses underneath h
135) 0) text: The hands belong to breather-masked MINERS, dismounting rapidly from an overloaded transport vehicle which was taking them to the Space Port.  Quail looks from them to Melina, who is walking towards the group.
135) 7) text: A MINER'S WIFE watches them.  She is crying. Quail looks up at the sky.  Melina follows his glance. So do the others. Slowly, but perceptibly, the color is changing from yello to blue.
135) 8) dialog: It's happening.
135) 10) text: All the miners are puzzled, apprehensive.  Quail reaches toward the one who spoke to him before and pulls off his breathing apparatus.  At first the man is shocked, then realizes he can breathe without it.  Quail takes off his own, then Melina's All the miners watch in amazement.  They all remove their breathing masks.
135) 12) text: Melina embraces him.
135) 14) text: Melina looks oddly at him, smiling, mysterious. As the sky becomes more and more blue, more of the Miners descend from the bus.  Softly at first, then with more an more confidence, they begin singing the Martian National Anthem. The music swells.  Quail puts his arm around Melina.  The both join in the chorus. It reaches an impassioned crescendo as the FRAME FREEZES and the END CREDITS ROLL UP the screen. THE END