11) 0) text: The room is cheery, commands a view of the city. A VIDEO CAMERA sits unobtrusively in one corner. Six people sit i chairs in various stages of interest and/or boredom. They are MIRIAM, an attractive woman in her forties, who chain-smokes designer cigarettes; CONNIE, smiling, chipper;
11) 14) text: (standing, SCREAMING like Sam Kinison) You forgot VIOLENT MOOD SWINGS! He sits, smiles sweetly. CONNIE
43) 14) dialog: (as she pounds) We used to do something like this in the royal palace in Atlantis. But we used bags of dried kelp.
49) 9) dialog: Drowning isn't so bad... I remember when I died in Atlantis... It was like failing asleep. You know what's bad? Burning. When I was in the great Fire of London, well, let me tell you--
49) 10) text: Hearing this, Cynthia chokes back a sob, jumps up and lea the room. Miriam whirls on Connie.
59) 6) text: Harris promised us eternal bliss on the other side when we're all together. CONNIE
61) 0) text: Connie is sitting on her bad. She takes her pills from Hettie dutifully. Ed comes in.
61) 3) text: He takes his meds from her, smiling. CHEWS THEM loudly an sloppily until she grimaces and goes out. Then, the minute the door closes, Ed and Connie are in ea other's arms. They kiss like characters in a Harlequin Romance.
61) 4) dialog: (coming up for air) Why didn't you tell me before that you were a Prince of Ancient Atlantis?
62) 8) text: Cynthia GASPS.    HARRIS HAS APPEARED IN THE MIRROR, foll Ed and Connie.
63) 0) text: Connie and Ed come to a door marked "Utility." Ed looks around cautiously and opens the door, relieved that it's still unlocked.
64) 0) text: Once inside the small space, he kisses Connie. He pulls o a pint flask of schnapps from his bathrobe pocket. He giv her a swig.
64) 1) dialog: (wistful) Nectar from the grapes of Atlantis!
65) 0) text: There are metal grating steps leading up to a platform th sits adjacent to a huge spinning turbine, its six-foot bl WHIRRING at top speed. Air ducts lead in and out of the space. Connie is uplifted, frightened, exhilarated. Their clothe and hair are blown around. They ascend the platform, and across from each other. They each take a swig. They kiss softly, spiritually.
67) 0) text: Connie and Ed stare into each other's eyes.   They are lo The CAMERA MOVES IN AND OUT between and around them, exploring the depth of their absorption. The CAMERA MOVES TOWARDS the huge spinning turbine. Its SOUND builds to a tremendous ROAR. We see Connie and Ed through the door into the turbine ro The door is pulled closed by someone or something. The kn locks.
72) 27) text: Where are Connie and Ed?   Where are they? Alan wonders at the pouring red, then he hears Cynthia screaming. He runs down the hall to stop her. The patients and nurses watch the blood pour in horror. Cynthia is getting more and more hysterical.
96) 6) text: We see the whole room now. It's filled with Unity House Members, all of them. They're sitting leaning, slumping everywhere in the shadows. Among them are Connie and Ed.
96) 7) dialog: You have to do it yourself, honey. When you didn't... he took us instead. But we're not mad. It's wonderful here.