1) 0) text: A serene landscape, mist collecting as the red ball of a dips behind the mountains. In the middle of a field stands a bare-chested man facing sunset. He is HARRIS, forty-ish, greying but handsome, an very fit. His hands are outstretched as if embracing an invisible entity. He seems filled with some sort of transcendental power. Now, an air of fulfillment and reso settles over him. He turns and walks away from us. CAMERA ADJUSTS and reveals--
3) 0) text: This was probably a stately parlor in its day. There is a funky assembly of odd handmade furniture. There are musli curtains on the windows, crude paintings, and quilts cove ripped chairs and couches. Despite the squalor, there is neatness to the place. Now, the CAMERA begins to ROAM through the room and down the hallways lined with fading wallpaper.
3) 2) text: --where did she go...? ... was here a moment ago... Cynthia, come on, honey, we need you... Cynthia, come out, come out wherever you are... the sun's going down, we're losing the moment...!
4) 0) text: The sun almost gone now, red light reflecting on the gabl windows. Even the battered VW van looks good in this setting. It's beautiful.
4) 2) text: Cynthia, come back! We can't do it without you... We must have unity, my lovechild... Unity, now and through eternity... Cynthia, you cannot run... You belong to us forever--! Pause. The faint SOUNDS of SPLASHING and then FOOTSTEPS skittering on tired wooden floors... and then--
5) 19) text: --Authorities continue to investigate yesterday's mysterious explosion and fire at Unity House, the controversial New Age commune headed by self-styled Guru Adrian Harris. 32 people died in the blaze. Thirteen year old Cynthia Weston, the fire's only survivor, remains in guarded but stable condition at County General. In national news, newspaper heiress Patricia Hearst was abducted from her Bay area apartment shortly before dawn today... A communique from the so-called "Symbionese Liberation Army" demanded that...
6) 0) text: The doors CRASH ASIDE as Cynthia is rushed in on a gurney The CEILING LIGHTS flicker past us as they move her into emergency room. VOICES
6) 1) text: Blood pressure 90 over 30, we're losing her... Where's that cart? CLEAR! CLEAR! Okay, it's climbing... Watch the EEG... Brain activity, shit, damn low... We begin a SERIES OF DISSOLVES, including: A) WASSERMAN, who appears first in his clothes from the fire, then two other wardrobe changes; B) HOSPITAL PERSONNEL, at first the harried and rushed emergency staff, and then the more blase regular doctors and nurses; C) VARIOUS MEDICAL EQUIPMENT, as a series of DIAGNOSTIC TESTS are run on Cynthia--
6) 6) text: As the MONTAGE CONTINUES, TITLES BEGIN. Now we HEAR VARIO NEWS BROADCASTS which come UP AND OVER, fading IN AND OUT with the medical VOICES. (If desired, TV NEWSCASTS might seen as well on a hospital room's set.)
6) 14) text: as (with changing wardrobe and increasing status) he chec in on the girl's unaltered condition as months and years continue to click by:
7) 1) text: Debbie. What happened to your windsurfing lesson? YOUNG NURSE
7) 2) text: No wind. I changed shifts with Nancy. (picking up charts)
7) 3) text: Well... time to weed the vegetable patch. We FOLLOW the young nurse as she goes into--
7) 7) text: Holy shit... Stunned, the nurse DROPS the bottles with a CRASH. Recovering her composure, she darts back to the bed, watc flabbergasted as Cynthia continues to STIR, her arms weak battling half-realized fears.
9) 5) text: CAMERA ADJUSTS to show DR. BERRISFORD. In his 50's, avuncular, he wears half-framed glasses and a sweater ves under his medical coat. Two pieces of tissue paper mark h razor's passage on his neck.
9) 11) text: Then walk to the end of the platform, or I'll shove an entire gallon down your throat. Cynthia's eyes crinkle with confusion. And then, ah, she gets it! A joke, the first one in over a decade. She SMILES, and it's a beautiful smile. Setting her jaw, she makes a renewed effort and reaches the and of the platfor The therapist and Berrisford both move quickly to catch h and set her down in a wheelchair. BERRISFORD
9) 13) text: (peering at Berrisford) Am I supposed to know you or something? BERRISFORD
9) 14) text: I've looked in on you from time to time... but that's hardly an introduction. You've been transferred into my care, Cynthia. I*m Doctor S. A. Berrisford, Consulting Chief of Neuropsychiatry and head of the Berrisford Clinic. CYNTHIA
10) 3) text: I'm a psychiatrist. CYNTHIA (puzzled)
10) 4) text: Why do I need a psychiatrist?
10) 44) text: I was there that night, Doctor. I watched them stack those bodies... (MORE)
10) 49) text: And he's probably as interested in Miss Weston's memory as I am. He turns, nods to Cynthia. WASSERMAN (CONT'D)
11) 0) text: The room is cheery, commands a view of the city. A VIDEO CAMERA sits unobtrusively in one corner. Six people sit i chairs in various stages of interest and/or boredom. They are MIRIAM, an attractive woman in her forties, who chain-smokes designer cigarettes; CONNIE, smiling, chipper;
11) 4) text: Well, now that we're all here, we can begin. Cynthia, I'm Dr. Goldman, and I'd like to welcome you to our little group. I don't know how much my colleague Dr. Berrisford has told you about my methods. I have my detractors... but I have my successes, too! We're going to get you out of your depression... We're going to got you out of your neurosises... We're going to got you out of that hideous hospital robe and into a flimsy revealing negligee--one with the little holes here? I can see us now on a desert island... You, me, a portable waterbed-- As Cynthia's eyes widen, DR. ALAN GOLDMAN comes into the room, sighs with weary familiarity at Ralph's antics. (Actually, Alan doesn't look much more like a doctor than Ralph.) ALAN
11) 7) text: Ralph? (when he sits) Cynthia. I'm Doctor Goldman--at least, last time I checked... (MORE)
11) 13) text: A borderline personality is one that can't be accurately placed on the Neurosis-Psychosis arc. As a personality syndrome it encompasses identity crises, chemical addictions, emotionalism, anxiety- RALPH
11) 15) text: He also forgot suicidal tendencies. But, as one whose previous reincarnations stretch back to Ancient Atlantis, well, suicide is meaningless anyway. ED
11) 18) text: If everyone is finished-- LANA
11) 19) text: (breaking in) They're not finished, Dr. Goldman, they won't be finished until they have her feeling as miserable and pathetic and confused as they are.
11) 23) text: I am confused-- LANA
11) 43) text: What we felt... what we believed... was that if people could become selfless enough, if they could free themselves from their egos, they would experience a... togetherness. A... oneness. A Unity. That's where the name came from. We had a dream about a perfect society based on trust. On love. On totally committed togetherness. We weren't trying to change the whole world. We were just trying to change each other. Pause.   Everyone is affected by her sincerity.
11) 50) text: AS everyone turns, astonished. Gilda gets out of her chai slowly walks towards Cynthia. Takes her hand. And smiles.
12) 13) text: Satisfied, Berrisford smiles, goes out the door.     Alan and looks at Cynthia's image on the screen.
13) 0) text: Patients in different stages of fitness use the equipment some with supervision, others on their own. HETTIE, Berrisford's chief nurse--a Selma Diamond type--comes in a tray of medication in paper cups. She works her way ove to where
13) 5) text: Drop down to first gear, honey. It's Miller time. She fumbles on her tray for the cup marked "Weston," hand the pills to Cynthia along with a cup of juice. CYNTHIA
13) 7) text: Beauty secrets from the orient. Look what they've done for me. Cynthia laughs, takes the pills. Hettie moves over to Ral who's just finished doing bench presses. HETTIE
13) 20) text: Sounds like a complicated world. How do you handle it? RALPH
13) 22) text: You mean with meditation, yoga, what? RALPH
13) 23) text: Nah. I just make a little hole and let it all escape. He pulls open his shirt. On his chest and arms are dozens scars in neat little rows. Cynthia swallows, stunned.      Nonplussed, Ralph buttons up. RALPH (CONT'D)
13) 24) text: Uh-uh, here comes the assistant Ayatollah. See ya. As Ralph exits, Cynthia looks around, puzzled. CYNTHIA
13) 31) text: I'm impressed. They walk out of the therapy room. CYNTHIA
13) 32) text: Impressed enough to call me a cab? ALAN
14) 0) text: They pass Lana and Miriam who are swallowing medication f Hettie's tray. The two women patients wave at Cynthia, wh smiles. ALAN (as they walk)
14) 4) text: --Alan. I'm feeling stronger. I'm getting used to things like VC esses and MCDs. I want to leave. ALAN (carefully)
14) 5) text: Your parents died when you were a child. We haven't been able to locate any relatives. He stops at the elevator doors, hits the button.
14) 15) text: Saying this, he turns as an elevator OPENS.      It's pre crowded. He holds the door for her.
15) 10) text: Relax. They're probably giving shock therapy. (for Alan's benefit) "It works for most people". More LAUGHTER. Then Cynthia is RIVETED by the sight of something across the elevator.
15) 16) text: The emergency BELL starts sounding. Cynthia, still confus gets shoved against the back wall as the passengers busy themselves pushing buttons. Cynthia bumps into the man next to her.        She looks FLASH.   It is Harris. FLASH. Harris reaches out to Cynthia. She CRIES OUT, jerk away, slamming into Alan, falling to the floor.
15) 19) text: FLASH. Cynthia is on the floor. She raises her head. Someone is on the floor right across from her. FLASH.   It's Harris.    His face is burned and skeletal. GRINS.
16) 1) text: Cynthia, what happened--?
16) 4) text: He's alive! Right over-- She stops. The elevator is open and empty. The passengers watch her, some concerned, some voyeuristic. Now they dri away. CYNTHIA (CONT'D) (weakly)
17) 9) text: There's other kinds of addictions. (standing, pensive) we see it in these fringe religious groups... these instant creeds with pseudo-Messianic delusions. You've heard how she talks about Unity House? Perhaps that's her drug. Perhaps she's going through a--withdrawal of sorts. Her memory lapses about Unity House are equally symptomatic... There's some violent turmoil under that pretty little facade. ALAN
17) 12) text: I believe she went into that coma a disturbed young lady. Fifteen years later... nothing has changed.
18) 0) text: We can read the name on the locked security door (albeit backwards.) A SECURITY GUARD watches a basketball game on portable set.
19) 0) text: This is not the room we saw when she was comatose, but a brighter, more residential arrangement. Cynthia sits on t bed, watches as Hettie counts out pills for her. Cynthia swallows them, hesitates at a red one. CYNTHIA
19) 3) text: Sort of a post-elevator cocktail? Cynthia scowls, takes it. Hettie goes out. Cynthia lies down on the bed, stiff. Turns over once or twice. Sighing she picks up the TV remote, shakes her head at the myriad buttons. Finally she finds the right one, CLICKS IT. 39   TV - HER P.O.V. She's come in on the middle of a group therapy scene from BOB NEWHART SHOW. (NOTE: Or maybe THE SNAKE PIT or SHOCK
21) 0) text: Cynthia lies restlessly in her bed. She hears footsteps coming closer. They stop at her door. She looks over. There is a SHADOW moving in the crack under the door.   T doorknob TURNS. Cynthia sits up. CYNTHIA
21) 1) text: Who's there? She reaches for the button to call the nurse, but then th door is OPEN, and the figure stands there silhouetted. FIGURE (whisper)
21) 2) text: Cynthia? The figure comes forward. Cynthia backs off the other sid of the bed and turns on a light. It is Victor, the boy we remember from the opening scene. The years have been kind to him. He stands there, the dim light spilling on his Army field jacket and bell-bottomed jeans.
21) 6) text: Little Cyn. (impressed)
21) 8) text: Vic, this is just... fantastic, it's the most incredible... (hesitating)
22) 0) text: Victor peeks out the door. An orderly passes, then disappears. Victor and Cynthia tiptoe out, sprint down th corridor to a stairwell marked "EXIT", and they are gone.
23) 0) text: Victor takes her hand, and they run towards a battered VW van. We recognize it and its slogans.
25) 3) text: I... did it by memory. I tried to imagine... what you'd... look like today. Guess I came pretty close. CYNTHIA
25) 5) text: Then you need a new mirror. she smiles, flattered.    Suddenly a CAT jumps up on a cr VICTOR (CONT'D)
25) 14) text: He has SQUEEZED the shot glass in his hand so hard that i EXPLODES. Cynthia JUMPS, and that's when he notices it.
26) 0) text: Half a dozen candles illuminate the room. Cynthia and Victor are making love. Not violent, but slow passionate, dreamlike. They are completely enjoying each other. The satisfaction seems spiritual. They stare into each other's eyes the entire time. They are lost. Gradually Victor's rhythm builds. As his momentum increas as the ecstasy nears, Cynthia accelerates too. Heaving, gasping, they are approaching a beautiful climax. But just when it seems Victor is on the verge, the very threshold, he stops and JUMPS violently out of bed.
26) 9) text: Are you going to tell me your little secret, or should I just got dressed? VICTOR
26) 10) text: I'm sorry, Cyn, but I just got the most incredible idea. It's absolutely beautiful! Do you want to know what it is?
26) 15) text: Wouldn't it be incredible if, right at the perfect moment right when we're coming, if we did it?
26) 18) text: (puzzled) ...meant to do...?
26) 29) text: Yeah. We had the answers, way back then. Unity. Unity, now and forever. Cynthia, this is our second chance! She shrinks away from him on the bed. He bounces closer l a kid at a pajama party, holds out one of the pistols.
26) 39) text: We're on the edge of space and time. He spreads her legs under the sheets. She's struggling against him, but it's no use. He's too strong. He's comin closer. VICTOR (CONT'D)
27) 0) text: Cynthia BOLTS up out of bed.
28) 17) text: She is kissing a BURNED AND SCARRED FACE WITH ONLY CLUMPS PUPPY BLACK MUSCLE HANGING ON THE BONE. It is Harris' fac the face we saw in the elevator. Cynthia GASPS, fumbles backwards off of the sofa.
28) 21) text: She knocks over a tequila bottle. It's spilled all over t floor. She is speechless. He picks the bottle up.
31) 0) text: A sweaty-looking DRIVER eyes Cynthia.   She just looks of depressed and afraid.
33) 0) text: She makes her way to her room looking tired, distraught.
34) 0) text: She lies on her bed, exhausted, trying to sleep.     She She gets out of bad.
35) 0) text: She's looking for an office. She goes in one marked Dr. Goldman. He looks up from his coffee, sees her ashen expression... pulls out a chair. Listens as the words tumble out. His expression changes... to skepticism... an then, as she breaks down SOBBING, to concern. He holds her... thinks... ...reaches for his car keys.
37) 0) text: They pull up in front, park.     Go inside. CAMERA LINGERS long enough for us to notice a puddle from OIL LEAK exactly where "Zeke" was parked. THE MUSIC FADES OUT.
39) 0) text: They step inside. The place is completely bare.       No furniture. Nothing. Cynthia is stunned.
39) 2) text: Of course it is. I     don't show rented apartments.     Anyway, what you see is what you    get... one bedroom, gas range,    yadda yadda yadda. (MORE)
40) 0) text: Alan looks and sees the closet as she described it.
41) 9) text: CAMERA TILTS UP. There is, indeed, a corresponding damp s directly above the one on the rug. As we WATCH a DRIP plo down.
42) 8) text: Then the security guard needs glasses! Alan, tell them-- ALAN
42) 10) text: --a one bedroom flat with a beige rug... that's rather... generic. CYNTHIA
42) 14) text: --it was burned beyond recognition-- but there was I.D.-- CYNTHIA
42) 16) text: Cynthia. Look... we've all done it... tumbled out of bed positive that we've just lived something that was only a dream-- CYNTHIA
43) 10) dialog: Nah. Let's talk about the geese again. Nice fat ones, with all the trimmings--
46) 0) text: Cynthia sits in a crumpled sprawl in Alan's office. The r is decorated in comforting tones, with Sierra Club poster and outdoors-y souvenirs. The late afternoon sun steams i through the partially closed blinds. Alan sits beside Cynthia on the couch, concerned.   Berri sucks on his pipe, makes notes. Wasserman, rocking on the legs of his chair, jots in his little notebook.
46) 2) text: ...They... they sang songs as they stacked up the white containers... they were... happy. Because it was going to be their break with the world... a world that didn't understand them. I don't remember if they took a vote or if Harris just... decided. But they all agreed. They were... happy... smiling... laughing... crying from happiness as he drenched them in the gasoline...
46) 8) text: Somehow, I... I knew it was wrong... I ran... When he threw the match, I was at the other end of the hallway... There was a flash... and a... like a wind, or the hand of God--picked me up, threw me... The ceiling fell in... When I opened my eyes... (she looks up) I was here. Hettie appears in the doorway, tray in hand, raises her eyebrows inquisitively at Alan. Alan nods immediately: He yes. Hettie comes in, gives Cynthia her medication. Wasserman closes his book, looks thoughtful. ALAN
46) 9) text: (to Wasserman) If that's what happened, why didn't you find any evidence of arson? WASSERMAN
46) 10) text: The plastic jerry cans would've burned up before anything else... We knew there'd been an explosion... We just didn't know how or why. Berrisford stands, approaches Wasserman as the police off closes his book, moves to the doorway. BERRISFORD
46) 11) text: Well. You must be pleased. Closing a case after... what is it, twelve years? WASSERMAN
46) 12) text: Who says it's closed? The medical people look at him.      Cynthia's thoughts a elsewhere. ALAN
46) 13) text: What's that supposed to mean? WASSERMAN
46) 14) text: When the fairy princess here woke up, she said she didn't remember anything about 32 deaths. Now she remembers they committed suicide... (MORE)
46) 19) text: No... he's right.     I am guilty. They look at her, startled. CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
46) 20) text: I'm guilty of lying... to Unity House. I promised to be part of it... Forever. They expected me to keep my word. (pause)
46) 21) text: They still do. She stands, goes out. Alan and Hettie look worried. Berrisford looks... unsurprised. He turns to Alan. BERRISFORD
47) 9) text: I think... you're a decent person... not a... mean spirited witch like some people... She thrown a look at Miriam, who just smiles pleasantly. LANA (CONT'D)
47) 10) text: --and, well, if you need a friend here... CYNTHIA
47) 11) text: (distant tone) All my friends are dead. Rattled, Lana backs off, on the verge of tears, rushing p Miriam, who has observed all this. MIRIAM
47) 13) text: I know Lana's a mealy-mouthed little prude, but she means well. I probably pull her chain too much... She's reaching out, like all of us. Try and help her. CYNTHIA
47) 14) text: I can't even help myself. Miriam looks at her, puzzled, then exits the locker room, heading back to the ward.
47) 19) text: Be cleansed! The SOUND of the VOICES unnerves Cynthia.     She presses hands against her forehand in pain. We are TIGHT ON Cynthia.    We hear SPLASHING.
47) 34) text: Cleanse the spirit. Lana's gasping, inhaling water, turning blue.    Harris i possessed.
48) 0) text: TIGHT on Cynthia's arm as a clear liquid is injected into vein. We WIDEN, see Berrisford has injected her. Alan watches, concerned. Cynthia flails on the bed, already reacting to the sedati qualities of the drug.
49) 0) text: The patients file past the nurse's station, taking their from Hettie. They look unsettled.
49) 1) dialog: (aside to Ralph) Did you see the swimming pool this morning? The cops are all over it... Fingerprints, photographs...
50) 9) text: From Unity House. He comes to me, Miriam. He talks to me. He reminds me that I was supposed to go with them that night-- MIRIAM
50) 11) text: Through the fire. To the next world. They waited while I was in a coma... He told me that if I didn't join him, he would take someone also... and he did it, Miriam, he did it! Miriam gets up, her face a mixture of sympathy... sympath and something else. She lights a cigarette. Involuntarily Cynthia FLINCHES at the spark. CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
50) 23) text: I was on the staff of a magazine... Well, some people called it a rag, but it was home: ME! Magazine. You heard of it?
50) 33) text: Cynthia, let me be honest. This is a great story, and it means a second chance for me, so, okay, there's some self interest here. But I really think you need to tell people about Unity House... about the way decent ideas and dreams got twisted into something sick and poisonous. You owe it to the world. You owe it to yourself. It's your life, and you have to ask yourself how you want to live it... (sharper)
51) 1) text: I think I know a way to make a phone call. We'll have you out of here tonight. Miriam suddenly stops, almost paralyzed with anxiety.
53) 0) text: Cynthia runs to the elevator and pounds on the button, bu the elevator car has already passed. CYNTHIA (yelling into the door)
56) 2) text: The Orderly rushes to her, but she wavers dizzily and FAL down the half-flight. She's dazed, but she becomes alert when she sees the orderly approaching. She picks herself and runs.
57) 5) text: The nurse crosses herself.    Cynthia is escorted away am confusion.
58) 0) text: The CAMERA IS MOVING FORWARD, TOWARDS the window. It seemingly goes OUT THROUGH THE WINDOW. The FRAME is filled with bright blue sky. Silence, except for a slight BREEZE. Someone is falling through the sky.       It is MIRIAM. We see her CLOSER, flowing down, the wind rushing up roun her. She is happy.
59) 6) text: Harris promised us eternal bliss on the other side when we're all together. CONNIE
59) 9) text: Miriam was going to write a story about me. He killed her because she was going to help me got out of here. ALAN
59) 14) text: What about the commune girl? Has she confirmed that the fire was some sort of mass suicide? BERRISFORD
59) 22) text: From Lieutenant Wasserman. He confirmed to me that he's assigning some of his officers to the hospital grounds until further notice. Pandemonium as the other reporters seize this information
60) 0) text: It is raining.   Cynthia sits in bed, in the dark. We see the CHARRED AND BURNED HARRIS sitting across the r in a shadow. Cynthia looks over at him.
60) 7) text: She stands, fumbles for the switch, knocks over a glass, turns on the light. He is gone. As she stands there in shock, a HAND touches shoulder, spins her around. She GASPS-- It's Alan, who's just opened the door.        He looks at worried.
61) 0) text: Connie is sitting on her bad. She takes her pills from Hettie dutifully. Ed comes in.
61) 2) dialog: You know me at feeding time.
61) 3) text: He takes his meds from her, smiling. CHEWS THEM loudly an sloppily until she grimaces and goes out. Then, the minute the door closes, Ed and Connie are in ea other's arms. They kiss like characters in a Harlequin Romance.
61) 5) dialog: It slipped my mind ...    your Highness.
61) 9) dialog: They'll have bed check soon.   I know a better place.
62) 0) text: Alan site on the counter across from Cynthia's bed.    He with the hinged mirror on the wall.
62) 2) text: As he toys with the mirror, we see a CANTED REFLECTION of first Cynthia and then the hallway. A nurse passes by.
62) 8) text: Cynthia GASPS.    HARRIS HAS APPEARED IN THE MIRROR, foll Ed and Connie.
63) 0) text: Connie and Ed come to a door marked "Utility." Ed looks around cautiously and opens the door, relieved that it's still unlocked.
64) 2) dialog: No fooling you.
64) 3) text: He leads her back to a door that's labeled "DANGER: Authorized Personnel Only." The lock is busted open. in.
65) 0) text: There are metal grating steps leading up to a platform th sits adjacent to a huge spinning turbine, its six-foot bl WHIRRING at top speed. Air ducts lead in and out of the space. Connie is uplifted, frightened, exhilarated. Their clothe and hair are blown around. They ascend the platform, and across from each other. They each take a swig. They kiss softly, spiritually.
65) 1) dialog: I'm so happy.
67) 0) text: Connie and Ed stare into each other's eyes.   They are lo The CAMERA MOVES IN AND OUT between and around them, exploring the depth of their absorption. The CAMERA MOVES TOWARDS the huge spinning turbine. Its SOUND builds to a tremendous ROAR. We see Connie and Ed through the door into the turbine ro The door is pulled closed by someone or something. The kn locks.
68) 0) text: Cynthia keeps looking at the door, worried.
69) 2) text: CAMERA ADJUSTS to show an elderly, skeletal custodian, ED on the phone.
70) 0) text: Edgar comes up to the utility door, but it won't budge.
71) 0) text: This is a low passageway between floors. Edgar has to sto under the ducts and pipes. He comes to a small hatchway i the coiling above him marked "CAUTION: Turbine." There is a latch which has to be pulled to release the hatchway. Edgar pulls. It's stuck. He yanks with his frai body. The latch barely moves. A TRICKLE OF BLOOD streams out at the edge, but Edgar doe see it. Edgar yanks and pulls with all his might, groaning and heaving. Finally he stops in frustration. He sits an a duct, resting. Just then the latch undoes itself. The hatchway slams ope Edgar is showered with red lumpy fluid. He is coated with it.
71) 2) text: Edgar looks down. In the pool of red is a woman's shoe. Puzzled, he bends down, picks it up. Something FALLS OUT IT.
72) 8) text: She goes into another corridor. Alan hurries to catch up, but then has to help a nurse with a frightened OLDER WOMA
72) 21) text: His fingers ARE SLICED OFF BY THE FAN.       He takes no
72) 27) text: Where are Connie and Ed?   Where are they? Alan wonders at the pouring red, then he hears Cynthia screaming. He runs down the hall to stop her. The patients and nurses watch the blood pour in horror. Cynthia is getting more and more hysterical.
72) 30) text: It's Edgar, covered with blood, in a total state of shock
73) 0) text: Alan and an orderly escort Cynthia to her room. Alan come out, watches Edgar pass by in a wheelchair, raving. Ralph and Gilda come up to Alan.
75) 0) text: The newscast continues silently on the TV in her room. is getting dressed. She peaks out the door.
76) 0) text: The Policeman assigned to her is down the hall a ways, chatting with a nurse. Cynthia slips out and down the corridor. She waits for an elevator. When a door opens, she tries t inconspicuously slip inside but she finds herself face to face with Alan who in just getting out of the elevator. H holds a grocery bag.
76) 12) text: He goes into her room, leaving the embarrassed cop behind Suddenly the LIGHTS RETURN with an eye-jarring FLASH. The cop has his revolver halfway out of the holster before he realizes what it is.
77) 0) text: They both react   to the returned power with relief. Alan takes the stuff   out of the bag: chips, dips, cookies, s packs of beer.    He offers some of the chips. She shakes head. The TV's    still on. Alan switches channels with t sound muted.
77) 4) text: pointing upwards. An outstretched hand SLAMS itself down, the blade impaling through the palm. The hand squirms its fingers a bit, then pulls off.
78) 0) text: He gets up clenching the perforated hand. He is very calm He closes the knife and puts it in a drawer. Suddenly, violently, he kicks a trash bin.      Then he i again. Ralph's assigned Policeman pokes his head in the door.
79) 0) text: Ralph comes out of his room. Ralph's policeman is beside him. His hand bleeds, but goes unnoticed.
80) 0) text: Alan lies back in front of the TV, eyes closed, SNORING. Sympathetic, Cynthia slips the remote control from his hand... then there is a KNOCK at the door. She goes there finds Ralph, who steps inside.
80) 5) text: He goes into the bathroom and rinses his blood-soaked han Cynthia sees this.
80) 12) text: Cynthia is mystified.    He goes.
82) 2) text: They go to the door and they are immediately faced with Hettie.
84) 2) text: Alan and Cynthia's policeman move down the hall, followin the drops, scanning in doorways. Cynthia is just behind them. These hallways are unused.       Nobody around.
85) 0) text: Ralph holds her, slams the gate closed, and flips the swi The car moves down. Cynthia SCREAMS.
87) 0) text: They descend.       She wipes blood from her face.   He l wired.
88) 6) text: I have to talk to you. He leans in the elevator, opens the control panel and yan some wires. Sparks fly. The HUM of the elevator motor die Cynthia is panicked. RALPH (CONT'D)
88) 12) text: It's been said by better men than me in better ways in better times-- there is no way out! She goes to a barred window. CYNTHIA
88) 21) text: You do! Real glory, hallelujah! The great big gig in the sky. Don't play dumb, Cynthia. She sees him at the far and of the aisle. His shirt is of There are deep, bleeding cuts all over his chest and stom He has blades clenched in both fists.
88) 31) text: (fading) Get back. Cynthia is crouched down, crying as she watches him. RALPH (CONT'D)
90) 11) text: (stunned) Isolation? Are you out of your mind? That girl needs human contact--connection--isolation is the worst thing you can do-- BERRISFORD
90) 13) text: Shit. You want her on the edge, don't you... You want to play your theory out to the end--
90) 15) text: (interested) Theory? Anything I should know? BERRISFORD
90) 16) text: It's an extraordinarily complex situation, severe identity crisis compounded with the multiple shock of these deaths. She's reverting to this total belief system from the commune through an intermittent psychosis that puts ideology above her life itself-- ALAN
91) 0) text: Cynthia is escorted through the hospital by the nurse and policeman. She moves without resistance, without emotion. We hear CRICKETS. Cynthia hovers in a dreamlike calm. The hospital is a blur as they move through it. Objects pass in front of our view as we TRACK with her. Cynthia, the nurse, and the policeman walk up the path to
93) 0) text: The door is closed. It is dark. A video camera hovers above. We hear keys L0CKING a bolt. Cynthia stand there.
96) 0) text: The only illumination comes from a small lamp near Cynthi bed. She seems comparatively alert.
96) 6) text: We see the whole room now. It's filled with Unity House Members, all of them. They're sitting leaning, slumping everywhere in the shadows. Among them are Connie and Ed.
98) 2) text: We hear the Nurse UNLOCKING the door. A MALE UNITY MEMBER looks over at the door.       We seem momentarily burned.
98) 4) text: We see Harris momentarily burned.       He blows his fing
98) 6) text: The Nurse opens the door.    The room is empty except for Cynthia on her bed.
98) 19) text: The Nurse SLAMS the door closed.    Cynthia is alone.
103) 4) text: A shadowed hand pushes on the plexiglass.       The windo plops onto the pavement below. A breeze wafts in. Cynthia gets out of bed and comes to the window. She look out onto the evening horizon, refreshed, fully experienci the moment.
104) 0) text: Alan comes out, still fuming. He walks along a ways and t looks at the illuminated SIGN pointing out the way to the "Berrisford Clinic." Alan stares at it, then in a sudden release of fury, KICKS it, once, twice, and then he THROW his carton at it. Calming, feeling like an idiot, he sighs.
104) 34) text: He presses the burning tip against Alan's gasoline soaked CREEK. It SIZZLES--Alan SCREAMS--
105) 11) text: Nah, Berrisford does it. He comes in every morning and sets up the medication for the day--Hettie takes it as she needs it-- ALAN
105) 12) text: Fuck! He turns, tries to open the glass case with the prearrang trays. It's locked. He grabs a paperweight, SMASHES THE GLASS. RON
109) 7) text: He looks back at Hettie.    He sees a fire alarm. Suddenly, he grabs one of the Guard's guns.       He dive the wall and pulls the fire alarm. All of the Isolation Ward doors open.     BELLS and SIREN off. Red lights FLASH on and off.
110) 0) text: He slams the door and rams the metal chair log into the b latch to secure the door. SIRENS and BELLS continue. Alan looks over. The room is dark, except for the red light flashing on and off. Cynthia is crouched in the far corne by the open window. We can see that the room is otherwise empty of anybody.
110) 8) text: Behind Alan, the dark shape of Berrisford emerges from outside the window. It is climbing inside from the ledge.
110) 12) text: Alan turns around. Berrisford bashes him in the head, neatly slicing off som skin. Alan flies against the wall. The gun is knocked away. Alan writhes a little, then dips into unconsciousness, Cynthia is a basket case.     She looks at Alan.
112) 0) text: The corridors are run amuck with isolation patients (the worst kind) all escaped from their rooms. Alan runs out o Cynthia's room. He is surrounded by bizarre-looking peopl screaming, singing, dancing, praying. Hettie is by the stairway helping Isolation patients exit
112) 10) text: The guards see Alan.      They come after him.   He runs. Alan scans every room. He slams into patients. The guards aren't far behind. Alan turns a corner, passing a door marked "NOT AN EXIT: ROOF ACCESS." It is ajar. He goes in without the guards seeing him.
113) 0) text: It is dark, but the red lights FLASH. He runs up several flights. The landings face onto the outside with a railin open, no glass. He turns a corner.      Cynthia is there. She in perched on the outside of the railing, a serene expression on her face, the wind blowing her frail white gown. Alan freezes.      He moves towards her slowly, hands outstretched.
113) 4) text: Alan turns. There on the stair above is Berrisford, his f dancing in the flashing red light.
116) 0) text: She is unconscious.     She swings twelve stories above t pavement. The CAMERA FOLLOWS UP her arm to her hand grasped tightly Alan's hand. We CONTINUE UP TO Alan.
116) 12) text: (coming forward) Let her go. She needs it. ALAN
116) 15) text: Let her go. Let her go and I'll forget your disobedience. (MORE)
116) 20) text: (to Cynthia) Don't you hear him? He's trying to bribe me--but I'm not letting go! I'll go with you, but I'm not letting go! Berrisford sees the discarded gun... picks it up. He aims unsteadily... SHOOTS. Alan yanks himself out of the way. Berrisford misses. Berrisford moves closer. Raises the g= barrel at point black range towards Alan's hand. ALAN (CONT'D)
116) 24) text: S...stop it... Stop it! Berrisford SHOOTS. One of Alan's finger joints is BLOWN AWAY. He SCREAMS, his grip loosens, and he SLIDES down th railing. Berrisford moves several yards to stay close... begins to POUND on Alan's mutilated hand. ALAN
116) 30) text: Your life has a purpose... to bring joy and happiness! You're part of my life now. That's an unfinished story, too... She looks at Berrisford viciously pounding on Alan's hand CYNTHIA
116) 34) text: Dr. Berrisford? Suddenly Berrisford freezes. He is paralyzed at the sight of one of the guards coming the stairs. Berrisford backs away glaring. Alan GROANS.   The guard rushes over. GUARD (CONT'D)
116) 35) text: Jesus (Yelling down the stairs) Gomez, get up here! The other guard appears. They start helping Alan up by Pulling his arm. As they he him up, Berrisford, in a state of shock, backs further up wall. He leans against the wall and puts the gun to his head. He trembles. He pulls the trigger. CLICK. CLICK, CLICK, CLICK. Out of bullets. The others are too busy to be noticing what he in doing. Just as they pull Cynthia to the edge, she looks up to see:
117) 0) text: Cynthia is plopped over onto a gurney. Lights are passing her. She is being whisked down a hallway. She is descendi into a haze of unconsciousness.
120) 0) text: Alan drives, Cynthia looks at a map.       They both look They both have bandaged hands.
121) 0) text: Through the greenery are the charred and overgrown remain Unity House. A chiseled sign embedded into a tree verifie it. Alan and Cynthia pull up, park. Cynthia gets out and looks around. She goes to the front entrance. Alan follow her in.
122) 0) text: A mere skeleton of what it was. Daylight pours in through the faded, burnt slats of wood. Patches of woods have sprouted up. Cynthia wanders in and marvels at it all. On piles of charcoal signify where furniture was. Alan meanders in from the other and of the house.
124) 0) text: Wasserman walks along, accompanied by a uniformed officer They go into-
125) 0) text: where the doctor is in a bed, one leg and one arm in traction. He's talking to his LAWYER as the police office enter.
125) 8) text: Well. I don't agree with your definition of justice, but I suppose I obstructed it... All in the name of science, of course-- LAWYER
125) 9) text: (appalled) Doctor Berrisford-- BERRISFORD
125) 10) text: (hushing him) --but as to murder, well, Lieutenant, I beg to differ. I didn't kill anyone. Why would I? I'm only interested in knowledge. Cynthia is a unique girl--the product of an environment and a philosophy unrivaled in its purity. I wanted to understand the depth of her commitment, the link between psychosis and total immersion philosophies, the dark terra incognita of the human psyche-- WASSERMAN
125) 11) text: (fed up) Hey, go chow on a Latin dictionary, okay? You can bullshit all you want, but how do you account for six bodies? BERRISFORD
127) 7) text: She nods.   He goes. Cynthia gives a final look around at the deteriorated structure and turns down the stairs. She stands at the top of what remains of the stairs. We FOLLOW HER DOWN. Just as she nears the bottom, the TICKING of a clock is audible. It gets LOUDER. Cynthia reaches the last stop and turns into
128) 0) text: We FOLLOW HER with a CONTINUOUS PAN. The foyer is new now completely untouched by fire, just as it was at the begin of the film. A candelabrum is lit. Cynthia turns and we PAN BACK TO THE STAIRCASE. It is new unburnt. Two KIDS come scrambling down the stairs laughin The entranceway, the archway to the front room, the stair are all intact, just as we saw them in the opening scene. CYNTHIA peers into the kitchen. Two WOMEN in work aprons kneading bread dough, chopping vegetables. They smile at Cynthia.
129) 0) text: They walk in. The room is filled with people. There is a fire in the hearth. Children play. Candles illuminate the space. Unity Members smile and great her casually as she passes them. Miriam in talking with a BEARDED MAN intently.
129) 5) text: Cynthia, it's so wonderful here, but we miss you terribly. Cynthia nears Harris. He smiles at her and kisses her. Everyone in the room turns to her. Harris holds up a shin and sharp knife with ornamentation on the handle. Cynthia doesn't see it yet. He puts the pointed tip against her chest. HARRIS
129) 13) text: You will. Cynthia clasps her hand around the knife at her chest, Ha lets go. She holds it there by herself, completely hypnotized by his words, by his eyes. MIRIAM
129) 18) text: Beautiful lovechild. All will be in balance when you've joined us. All will be right when daughter is with father. SOMEONE
129) 20) text: Scared blood... daughter of the father. Cynthia in mortified. CYNTHIA
129) 26) text: No I don't! I don't love you!      I don't need you! She is crazed. She flies around the room brandishing the knife at everyone. They back off. CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
129) 27) text: I never loved any of you! I hate you! I hate you all! What you did was wrong!
130) 0) text: She stands on the porch, holding onto a post, trying to c herself. Alan comes out. As he starts the car, a gust com up. The trees are thrashed around. The WIND ECHOES through the house.
132) 0) text: The car speeds off trailing dust. We see the UNITY HOUSE in the distance.     The winds kic again.
133) 0) text: We are CLOSER. Branches and leaves are being tossed aroun by violent gusts as we MOVE TOWARD the structure. A teenage GIRL comes running up from the field behind. is crying. She runs into the house. We FOLLOW HER.
134) 8) text: (startled) Who are you? HARRIS
134) 11) text: Eternal bliss? What do you mean? TRACKING IN on the old knife an the floor. It begins to transform from its rusty and corroded state into a new an shiny knife. MUSIC UP. A burned, skeletal hand reaches INTO FRAME and takes it.