13) 0) text: Patients in different stages of fitness use the equipment some with supervision, others on their own. HETTIE, Berrisford's chief nurse--a Selma Diamond type--comes in a tray of medication in paper cups. She works her way ove to where
13) 6) text: What are these? Vitamins? HETTIE
13) 7) text: Beauty secrets from the orient. Look what they've done for me. Cynthia laughs, takes the pills. Hettie moves over to Ral who's just finished doing bench presses. HETTIE
13) 9) text: Promises, promises. He takes the pills she gives him, smiles.      She just l him, taps his mouth. HETTIE
13) 10) text: Open. Of course the pills are still under his tongue. Hettie gi him a shot in the solar plexus and he GULPS. Hettie hands him the juice. HETTIE (CONT'D)
14) 0) text: They pass Lana and Miriam who are swallowing medication f Hettie's tray. The two women patients wave at Cynthia, wh smiles. ALAN (as they walk)
19) 0) text: This is not the room we saw when she was comatose, but a brighter, more residential arrangement. Cynthia sits on t bed, watches as Hettie counts out pills for her. Cynthia swallows them, hesitates at a red one. CYNTHIA
19) 1) text: This one's new. HETTIE
19) 3) text: Sort of a post-elevator cocktail? Cynthia scowls, takes it. Hettie goes out. Cynthia lies down on the bed, stiff. Turns over once or twice. Sighing she picks up the TV remote, shakes her head at the myriad buttons. Finally she finds the right one, CLICKS IT. 39   TV - HER P.O.V. She's come in on the middle of a group therapy scene from BOB NEWHART SHOW. (NOTE: Or maybe THE SNAKE PIT or SHOCK
20) 0) text: Hettie leans over the security guard's desk. The guard GROANS in frustration an the basketball game ends. HETTIE (extending her hand)
46) 8) text: Somehow, I... I knew it was wrong... I ran... When he threw the match, I was at the other end of the hallway... There was a flash... and a... like a wind, or the hand of God--picked me up, threw me... The ceiling fell in... When I opened my eyes... (she looks up) I was here. Hettie appears in the doorway, tray in hand, raises her eyebrows inquisitively at Alan. Alan nods immediately: He yes. Hettie comes in, gives Cynthia her medication. Wasserman closes his book, looks thoughtful. ALAN
46) 21) text: They still do. She stands, goes out. Alan and Hettie look worried. Berrisford looks... unsurprised. He turns to Alan. BERRISFORD
48) 2) dialog: Move it, people, this ain't a sideshow... Get back to your rooms... Alan looks down at Cynthia with genuine concern.    But Berrisford eyes her totally clinically.
49) 0) text: The patients file past the nurse's station, taking their from Hettie. They look unsettled.
49) 3) text: HE SMASHES his fist on the counter, denting it.    Hettie at him.
49) 4) dialog: Ralph, we're gonna start billing you for these outbursts.
61) 0) text: Connie is sitting on her bad. She takes her pills from Hettie dutifully. Ed comes in.
61) 1) dialog: What are you doing here?
82) 2) text: They go to the door and they are immediately faced with Hettie.
82) 3) dialog: Dr. Goldman, have you seen Ralph?
82) 6) dialog: He didn't take his four o'clock. If he misses this one, I'm gonna...
105) 11) text: Nah, Berrisford does it. He comes in every morning and sets up the medication for the day--Hettie takes it as she needs it-- ALAN
107) 0) text: Hettie is standing smiling in the middle of the hall. nears.
107) 1) dialog: You're not supposed to be here, Dr. Goldman, are you? Alan turns.   Two SECURITY GUARDS are coming.
109) 6) dialog: Get some rest, Goldman.   You look like shit.
109) 7) text: He looks back at Hettie.    He sees a fire alarm. Suddenly, he grabs one of the Guard's guns.       He dive the wall and pulls the fire alarm. All of the Isolation Ward doors open.     BELLS and SIREN off. Red lights FLASH on and off.
109) 8) dialog: Oh, no!
112) 0) text: The corridors are run amuck with isolation patients (the worst kind) all escaped from their rooms. Alan runs out o Cynthia's room. He is surrounded by bizarre-looking peopl screaming, singing, dancing, praying. Hettie is by the stairway helping Isolation patients exit
112) 1) dialog: One at a time! No pushing!      Please do not use the elevator! Alan is frantically looking for Cynthia and Berrisford, checking everywhere, pushing open doors. The security guards are at the far end of the hallway. goes to Hettie.
112) 3) dialog: This is your fault! These goddamn doors won't re-lock!
112) 9) dialog: I haven't seen him!