11) 0) text: The room is cheery, commands a view of the city. A VIDEO CAMERA sits unobtrusively in one corner. Six people sit i chairs in various stages of interest and/or boredom. They are MIRIAM, an attractive woman in her forties, who chain-smokes designer cigarettes; CONNIE, smiling, chipper;
11) 11) text: What's a borderline personality? MIRIAM
11) 16) text: And don't forgot binge eating. (pause) Gourmet binge eating. MIRIAM
11) 29) text: He said he thought that this would help me... fit into the 80's. Miriam CRACKS UP. MIRIAM
11) 38) text: (to Miriam) Do you have to be so crude? MIRIAM
11) 41) text: Back off, Miriam. Cynthia, just tell us about the orgies. CYNTHIA
14) 0) text: They pass Lana and Miriam who are swallowing medication f Hettie's tray. The two women patients wave at Cynthia, wh smiles. ALAN (as they walk)
26) 27) text: This is so great! I mean, I've been living with all this shit, thinking about you, searching... going nowhere. And you, hell, you don't fit in with Ralph and Miriam, those other flakes... Berrisford and Goldman, they're a waste of time-- CYNTHIA
43) 20) text: Ralph. Miriam?
43) 21) dialog: (pounding)
47) 0) text: Cynthia, in her bathrobe, wanders out of the shower in between the dark, steamy rows of lockers. She passes Lana and Miriam. Miriam is dressing, and Lana is putting on a swimsuit. MIRIAM
47) 9) text: I think... you're a decent person... not a... mean spirited witch like some people... She thrown a look at Miriam, who just smiles pleasantly. LANA (CONT'D)
47) 11) text: (distant tone) All my friends are dead. Rattled, Lana backs off, on the verge of tears, rushing p Miriam, who has observed all this. MIRIAM
47) 12) text: Lana, wait a minute, she didn't mean it--shit. Miriam closes her locker and comes over to Cynthia. MIRIAM (CONT'D)
47) 14) text: I can't even help myself. Miriam looks at her, puzzled, then exits the locker room, heading back to the ward.
49) 10) text: Hearing this, Cynthia chokes back a sob, jumps up and lea the room. Miriam whirls on Connie.
49) 11) dialog: Connie, I don't know about your previous lives, but in this one, you're a shithead.
50) 0) text: Cynthia is on the bad, crying. Miriam comes in, sits besi her... Cynthia jumps at the weight on the bad, calms when she sees who it is.
50) 1) dialog: Honey, you can't blame yourself. Lana was an unhappy girl. Sometimes unhappy girls do foolish things.
50) 5) dialog: Harris?
50) 9) text: From Unity House. He comes to me, Miriam. He talks to me. He reminds me that I was supposed to go with them that night-- MIRIAM
50) 11) text: Through the fire. To the next world. They waited while I was in a coma... He told me that if I didn't join him, he would take someone also... and he did it, Miriam, he did it! Miriam gets up, her face a mixture of sympathy... sympath and something else. She lights a cigarette. Involuntarily Cynthia FLINCHES at the spark. CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
50) 12) text: You...   you don't believe me, do you? MIRIAM
50) 14) text: But I don't know anyone.   I don't have any money. MIRIAM
50) 20) dialog: 
50) 21) dialog: Look. Despite popular opinion to the contrary, I have not always been the career borderline psychotic neurotic that I am today. Up until a coupla years ago I was a writer, a reporter, a damn good one too... Hell, I really kicked some ass with that Selectric... She seems lost in thought for a moment. Unconsciously, sh scratches her wrist... a wrist where we notice for the fi time a PURPLE SCAR across the veins.
50) 22) dialog: (turning)
50) 26) dialog: Oh, right. Well, when they took me off to the funny farm, Saul--he's the editor--he said I was always welcome back. Maybe this is the time. See, if I can go to him, tell him your story, I could get a big advance... I'd share it with you, and we'd be set! I mean, girl, your story has everything... death, hospitalization, weird rituals, maybe a little romance-- I've seen all those longing glances between you and Goldman-
50) 28) dialog: --and now with poor Lana we got a little mystery. Hell, you're not an article, you're a goddamned mini- series!
51) 0) text: Cynthia walks along with Miriam towards the banks of elevators. MIRIAM
51) 1) text: I think I know a way to make a phone call. We'll have you out of here tonight. Miriam suddenly stops, almost paralyzed with anxiety.
51) 2) dialog: Cynthia.    This is the right thing to do. CYNTHIA
51) 4) dialog: Uh oh.     Mum's the word. Alan is coming down the hallway towards them.   They move towards the elevator.
51) 10) dialog: Thank you. Miriam then gets into the elevator.         The doors rem Alan turns to Cynthia. ALAN
51) 15) text: Miriam!    Stop! She bangs on the buttons. She pounds on the doors. in the corridor turns to look.
53) 1) text: Miriam, get out! She races back to
57) 0) text: She gets to the elevator. The door is just closing, but i opens again against a purse--Miriam's purse. The elevator empty. Cynthia whips around looking for her. Orderlies an nurses are moving towards her. At the opposite and of the hallway, a window is broken. Cynthia runs to it. There is a WOMAN'S SCREAM from the street below. PEOPLE YELLING. Cynthia looks out and down. We know what she sees.    She covers her face.
58) 0) text: The CAMERA IS MOVING FORWARD, TOWARDS the window. It seemingly goes OUT THROUGH THE WINDOW. The FRAME is filled with bright blue sky. Silence, except for a slight BREEZE. Someone is falling through the sky.       It is MIRIAM. We see her CLOSER, flowing down, the wind rushing up roun her. She is happy.
58) 1) dialog: Cynthia, it's really quite beautiful.
59) 9) text: Miriam was going to write a story about me. He killed her because she was going to help me got out of here. ALAN
96) 9) text: Lana and Miriam.
96) 12) dialog: if I can do it, you can do it, honey.
129) 0) text: They walk in. The room is filled with people. There is a fire in the hearth. Children play. Candles illuminate the space. Unity Members smile and great her casually as she passes them. Miriam in talking with a BEARDED MAN intently.
129) 1) dialog: Cynthia, I'm so glad you're here. Ed and Connie are by the fireplace with some others.    T smile at Cynthia knowingly. Lana is sitting contentedly on the window seat reading wi some children. Ralph is crouched with victor in a corner.    They are la warmly.
129) 13) text: You will. Cynthia clasps her hand around the knife at her chest, Ha lets go. She holds it there by herself, completely hypnotized by his words, by his eyes. MIRIAM