6) 1) text: Blood pressure 90 over 30, we're losing her... Where's that cart? CLEAR! CLEAR! Okay, it's climbing... Watch the EEG... Brain activity, shit, damn low... We begin a SERIES OF DISSOLVES, including: A) WASSERMAN, who appears first in his clothes from the fire, then two other wardrobe changes; B) HOSPITAL PERSONNEL, at first the harried and rushed emergency staff, and then the more blase regular doctors and nurses; C) VARIOUS MEDICAL EQUIPMENT, as a series of DIAGNOSTIC TESTS are run on Cynthia--
7) 0) text: The HEAD NURSE looks up, smiles at a YOUNG FLOOR NURSE as walks past. From somewhere we HEAR a Springsteen song on radio. HEAD NURSE
7) 1) text: Debbie. What happened to your windsurfing lesson? YOUNG NURSE
7) 3) text: Well... time to weed the vegetable patch. We FOLLOW the young nurse as she goes into--
7) 6) text: No... no... it's wrong... someone... please help... YOUNG NURSE
7) 7) text: Holy shit... Stunned, the nurse DROPS the bottles with a CRASH. Recovering her composure, she darts back to the bed, watc flabbergasted as Cynthia continues to STIR, her arms weak battling half-realized fears.
13) 0) text: Patients in different stages of fitness use the equipment some with supervision, others on their own. HETTIE, Berrisford's chief nurse--a Selma Diamond type--comes in a tray of medication in paper cups. She works her way ove to where
21) 1) text: Who's there? She reaches for the button to call the nurse, but then th door is OPEN, and the figure stands there silhouetted. FIGURE (whisper)
49) 0) text: The patients file past the nurse's station, taking their from Hettie. They look unsettled.
57) 0) text: She gets to the elevator. The door is just closing, but i opens again against a purse--Miriam's purse. The elevator empty. Cynthia whips around looking for her. Orderlies an nurses are moving towards her. At the opposite and of the hallway, a window is broken. Cynthia runs to it. There is a WOMAN'S SCREAM from the street below. PEOPLE YELLING. Cynthia looks out and down. We know what she sees.    She covers her face.
57) 5) text: The nurse crosses herself.    Cynthia is escorted away am confusion.
62) 2) text: As he toys with the mirror, we see a CANTED REFLECTION of first Cynthia and then the hallway. A nurse passes by.
69) 0) text: Darkness and confusion. Cynthia passes by the CAMERA. A moment later Alan comes by, looking for her. Other patien come out and wonder. Flashlights. A NURSE streams by.
69) 1) dialog: It's just overloaded circuits. Everyone, please go back into your room.
69) 4) dialog: Hurry.
72) 8) text: She goes into another corridor. Alan hurries to catch up, but then has to help a nurse with a frightened OLDER WOMA
72) 27) text: Where are Connie and Ed?   Where are they? Alan wonders at the pouring red, then he hears Cynthia screaming. He runs down the hall to stop her. The patients and nurses watch the blood pour in horror. Cynthia is getting more and more hysterical.
76) 0) text: The Policeman assigned to her is down the hall a ways, chatting with a nurse. Cynthia slips out and down the corridor. She waits for an elevator. When a door opens, she tries t inconspicuously slip inside but she finds herself face to face with Alan who in just getting out of the elevator. H holds a grocery bag.
90) 0) text: Lots of COPS, a few DOCTORS and ORDERLIES.    Alan is sto by a FEMALE COP. He looks into the basement area and sees Ralph in a pool blood. A POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER is taking pictures of him. Alan stares at Ralph. Berrisford is with Cynthia and a nurse.    Cynthia is get an injection. Wasserman comes over to Alan and Berrisford.
91) 0) text: Cynthia is escorted through the hospital by the nurse and policeman. She moves without resistance, without emotion. We hear CRICKETS. Cynthia hovers in a dreamlike calm. The hospital is a blur as they move through it. Objects pass in front of our view as we TRACK with her. Cynthia, the nurse, and the policeman walk up the path to
92) 0) text: The imposing facade of the old Victorian with its warmly windows looks inviting. The three make their way over the lawn up the path towards the front porch. An evening BREE is just coming up. Cynthia looks around, absorbing the environment. The policeman and the nurse say nothing. Cynthia turns to the
92) 2) dialog: No, thank you. Cynthia steps inside.
94) 0) text: The nurse puts her keys in her pocket, looks at the policeman, and goes. The policeman stays.
97) 0) text: A NURSE notices Cynthia's movement on the screen.       S the volume up.
97) 2) text: The nurse gets up. Gilda is standing there.        She fo Gilda's policeman lurks nearby.
98) 2) text: We hear the Nurse UNLOCKING the door. A MALE UNITY MEMBER looks over at the door.       We seem momentarily burned.
98) 6) text: The Nurse opens the door.    The room is empty except for Cynthia on her bed.
98) 7) dialog: You want me to call the doctor, honey?
98) 9) dialog: Try to sleep, all right?
98) 13) dialog: Hey, get out of here!
98) 16) dialog: Get her out of here!
98) 19) text: The Nurse SLAMS the door closed.    Cynthia is alone.
109) 2) dialog: Sometimes doctors got personally involved. I think it's a mistake. You've got to keep professional.
118) 0) text: Alan runs alongside the gurney with doctors and nurses. H clutches bloody bandages to his hand, tries to hear Cynth