5) 2) text: What have we got? POLICEMAN
74) 0) text: As Ralph moves along, a paunchy POLICEMAN intercepts him.
76) 0) text: The Policeman assigned to her is down the hall a ways, chatting with a nurse. Cynthia slips out and down the corridor. She waits for an elevator. When a door opens, she tries t inconspicuously slip inside but she finds herself face to face with Alan who in just getting out of the elevator. H holds a grocery bag.
78) 0) text: He gets up clenching the perforated hand. He is very calm He closes the knife and puts it in a drawer. Suddenly, violently, he kicks a trash bin.      Then he i again. Ralph's assigned Policeman pokes his head in the door.
79) 0) text: Ralph comes out of his room. Ralph's policeman is beside him. His hand bleeds, but goes unnoticed.
81) 0) text: Ralph walks off, his Policeman following.
83) 0) text: Alan and Cynthia and the policeman scan for Ralph.
84) 0) text: Ralph walks along, his policeman trailing.        No one around.
84) 2) text: Alan and Cynthia's policeman move down the hall, followin the drops, scanning in doorways. Cynthia is just behind them. These hallways are unused.       Nobody around.
86) 0) text: Alan and the policeman rush up just as the car disappears
89) 0) text: Wasserman rushes in, raincoat over a pajama shirt and chi slacks. Another POLICEMAN rushes to meet him.
89) 1) dialog: They're in the basement.   The girl's alive. They run on together.
91) 0) text: Cynthia is escorted through the hospital by the nurse and policeman. She moves without resistance, without emotion. We hear CRICKETS. Cynthia hovers in a dreamlike calm. The hospital is a blur as they move through it. Objects pass in front of our view as we TRACK with her. Cynthia, the nurse, and the policeman walk up the path to
92) 0) text: The imposing facade of the old Victorian with its warmly windows looks inviting. The three make their way over the lawn up the path towards the front porch. An evening BREE is just coming up. Cynthia looks around, absorbing the environment. The policeman and the nurse say nothing. Cynthia turns to the
94) 0) text: The nurse puts her keys in her pocket, looks at the policeman, and goes. The policeman stays.
97) 2) text: The nurse gets up. Gilda is standing there.        She fo Gilda's policeman lurks nearby.
98) 15) text: Gilda's Policeman comes in.
99) 0) text: Gilda's policeman is on the phone.
99) 1) dialog: Yeah, I'm taking her back to her room... Okay, bye.
101) 0) text: Gilda's policeman is still looking for her.      She's no sight.
125) 14) text: Lieutenant, I'll put it in terms even a policeman can understand. He smiles, shrugs the best he can in his plaster cast.