1) 6) text: CLOSE on a girl, MAUREEN, no more than 18. A friendly face with innocent eyes. She stands in line with her boyfriend PHIL, same age. A handsome counterpart.
1) 8) dialog: I hate scary movies.
1) 12) dialog: If we hurry, we can still catch the Sandra Bullock movie.
2) 1) text: Maureen and Phil reach the box office, presenting their tickets.
2) 4) dialog: What's that?
3) 1) text: The small theatre is nearly packed to capacity. Maureen and Phil enter, moving down the aisle searching for two seats. A YOUNG GIRL SCREAMS, whizzing by them as a GHOST MASKED GUY chases after her. The crowd LAUGHS. Everyone is having fun.
3) 2) text: Maureen and Phil find aisle seats down towards the screen just as the lights DIM. People FAKE SCREAM in terror. A very lively crowd.
3) 12) text: Maureen turns to find a GHOST MASK in her face. Phil has slipped it on.
3) 14) dialog: I don't think so.
3) 17) dialog: Take it off.
3) 21) dialog: Now.
3) 30) text: Maureen looks behind her, toward the rest of the audience. A sea of white ghost faces fill the theatre. The publicity masks actually glow in the dark. A chilling sight that leaves Maureen extremely spooked.
3) 37) dialog: Now why does she have to be naked? How does that serve the plot?
3) 56) text: Maureen is not having a good time. She's already spooked.
3) 58) dialog: I hate this shit.
3) 68) text: Maureen shifts in her seat.
3) 70) dialog: Why doesn't she just hang up and call the police? Stupid..
3) 74) dialog: I'm gonna pee. You want anything?
3) 75) text: He nods. Maureen stands and moves up the aisle.
4) 1) text: Maureen emerges from the theatre and into the small lobby. It is dark and shadowed. She moves down a long hallway to a staircase. A "BATHROOM" sign with an arrow points downstairs.
4) 2) text: Maureen hits the stairs to...
5) 1) text: A small lounge leads to two bathroom doors. Very low lighting. Maureen descends the stairs, heading for the...
6) 1) text: A large bathroom. Five stalls line one wall. The door CREAKS open. Maureen enters and shoots for a stall.
6) 5) text: Maureen finishes up, fastening her pants. Suddenly, the bathroom door CREAKS open. Maureen listens. FOOTSTEPS are heard. Loud and heavy.
6) 6) text: Maureen eyes the crack in the stall door. Not much is visible. Suddenly, a SHADOW sweeps by. The footsteps stop.
6) 7) text: Maureen finishes up quickly. She flushes, throws the stall door open and rushes out to find...
6) 10) text: The stall doors are all closed. Maureen shoots for the door. She rips the door open as a FIGURE rushes her...
6) 11) text: A YOUNG GIRL followed by her FRIEND, both perky and loud. They hurl past Maureen, LAUGHING and carrying on.
6) 18) text: Maureen is out the door. Now thoroughly spooked.
7) 1) text: Alone, Maureen moves for the stairs when a FIGURE emerges from the shadows. A GHOST MASKED SHAPE appearing behind her...
7) 3) text: MAUREEN
7) 7) text: MAUREEN
7) 12) text: MAUREEN
7) 17) text: MAUREEN
7) 21) text: MAUREEN (nibbling back)
7) 25) text: MAUREEN
7) 29) text: Maureen moves up the stairs out of sight. Phil turns, reaching for the bathroom door just as a...
8) 1) text: Maureen is at the concession. A GIRL at the counter hands her change and Maureen is off with soda and a tub of popcorn.
9) 10) text: Maureen makes her way back to her aisle seat. She sits down next to...
9) 15) text: MAUREEN
9) 18) text: MAUREEN
9) 27) text: Maureen offers Phil popcorn.
9) 28) text: MAUREEN
9) 38) text: Everyone in the theater is SCREAMING. Maureen tries her best to detach herself from the movie. She eats her popcorn.
9) 39) text: MAUREEN
9) 42) text: MAUREEN
9) 45) text: MAUREEN
9) 54) text: Maureen pretends to watch the movie while her hand continues to move between Phil's legs. She stares ahead, WINCING at what's about to happen to the girl on screen.
9) 55) text: She doesn't notice as Phil pulls a long sharp hunting knife from inside his coat jacket. Maureen's hand moves up Phil's jacket... something stops her. She feels something on her fingers... something wet. She pulls her hand back, the reflected movie illuminating bloody fingers.
9) 56) text: Maureen stares at her hand...
9) 64) text: Maureen looks at Phil, confused... as if seeing for the first time... IT'S NOT PHIL. She pulls away when, the Ghost-masked Figure grabs her with one hand, the other one clutching the hunting knife.
9) 65) text: Maureen sees it, her mouth billowing forth a LOUD SCREAM that is matched by the entire audience as they SCREAM at the screen.
9) 73) text: Maureen is helpless. The knife comes fast and furious, striking her in the stomach. She falls forward, into the aisle as...
9) 81) text: Popcorn flies as Maureen falls forward, into the aisle, clutching her bloody stomach. She's speechless, unable to SCREAM. She holds her bloody hand out for all to see, begging for help. She stumbles down the aisle.
9) 82) text: Someone YELLS "Sit down." Maureen turns to several PEOPLE who begin to react. She turns behind her to see the Ghost Face coming at her again... knife raised.
9) 90) text: The knife slices into Maureen again... then again. The theatre audience is starting to take note as the Ghost keeps slashing at her repeatedly with the knife. A horrifying, sickening sight.
9) 91) text: Maureen stumbles forward, her bloody body moving down to the front of the theater. Suddenly, the entire audience begins...
9) 95) text: Maureen, swaying from side to side, turns to the crowd and emits a HORRENDOUS BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM as...
9) 99) text: The young girl lets out an enormous EAR SCREECHING SCREAM that mirrors Maureen's as the killer attacks one last time, stabbing her, silencing her forever.
9) 103) text: The Ghost slashes out one last time, direct and fierce. Maureen falls back against the movie screen... very much dead. Her arms flail across the screen... smearing blood over the wide screen image of the GHOST MASK.
10) 45) text: "... The two victims, Maureen Evans and Phil Stevens..."
35) 1) text: A chalk board in front of them. Three names are written on it under the label "Victims" - "MAUREEN EVANS, PHIL
35) 5) text: Maureen Evans - Maureen Prescott. Sidney Prescott's mother. The first victim in the Woodsboro Murders. Phil Stevens - Stephen Orth - the first kid to be murdered. Ten to one - Cici is not the third victim's real name.
62) 12) text: Home-made video footage fills the screen. A movie theatre, people standing in line. The home camera ZOOMS in to a YOUNG COUPLE. Maureen and Phil come into view.