1) 6) text: CLOSE on a girl, MAUREEN, no more than 18. A friendly face with innocent eyes. She stands in line with her boyfriend PHIL, same age. A handsome counterpart.
1) 10) dialog: It'll be okay, baby, I'll hold your hand.
1) 14) dialog: We got free tickets.
2) 1) text: Maureen and Phil reach the box office, presenting their tickets.
2) 2) text: They pass through the front doors where an USHER stands randomly handing out GHOST MASKS. A Hollywood variation of a most familiar one. Phil takes one.
3) 1) text: The small theatre is nearly packed to capacity. Maureen and Phil enter, moving down the aisle searching for two seats. A YOUNG GIRL SCREAMS, whizzing by them as a GHOST MASKED GUY chases after her. The crowd LAUGHS. Everyone is having fun.
3) 2) text: Maureen and Phil find aisle seats down towards the screen just as the lights DIM. People FAKE SCREAM in terror. A very lively crowd.
3) 12) text: Maureen turns to find a GHOST MASK in her face. Phil has slipped it on.
3) 15) text: Phil gets in her face, playing with her. She swats him.
3) 19) dialog: But...
3) 39) dialog: Sssshhh.
3) 72) dialog: Shush.
7) 2) text: LUNGING FOR HER, grabbing her, spinning her around. She SCREAMS MADLY as the Ghost starts LAUGHING. The mask comes off. It's Phil.
7) 5) text: PHIL
7) 9) text: Phil takes her in his arms.
7) 10) text: PHIL
7) 14) text: PHIL
7) 19) text: PHIL (nibbling her neck)
7) 23) text: PHIL.
7) 27) text: PHIL
7) 29) text: Maureen moves up the stairs out of sight. Phil turns, reaching for the bathroom door just as a...
7) 30) text: GHOST MASKED FIGURE appears in his path. Phil steps back, surprised. Suddenly, a flash of silver shoots forth as Phil is pierced with a long sharp knife. Quick and silent. He bellies over just as the Ghost Shape strikes again. Phil goes down without a scream.
9) 13) dialog: 
9) 27) text: Maureen offers Phil popcorn.
9) 30) text: Phil turns to her, bringing his finger to his masked lips, SSSHHING her.
9) 41) text: She turns her attention to Phil.
9) 44) text: Phil ignores her. She reaches over in the darkness putting her hand on his knee. She inches it up. The Ghost-masked Phil just stares ahead.
9) 54) text: Maureen pretends to watch the movie while her hand continues to move between Phil's legs. She stares ahead, WINCING at what's about to happen to the girl on screen.
9) 55) text: She doesn't notice as Phil pulls a long sharp hunting knife from inside his coat jacket. Maureen's hand moves up Phil's jacket... something stops her. She feels something on her fingers... something wet. She pulls her hand back, the reflected movie illuminating bloody fingers.
9) 64) text: Maureen looks at Phil, confused... as if seeing for the first time... IT'S NOT PHIL. She pulls away when, the Ghost-masked Figure grabs her with one hand, the other one clutching the hunting knife.
10) 45) text: "... The two victims, Maureen Evans and Phil Stevens..."
35) 1) text: A chalk board in front of them. Three names are written on it under the label "Victims" - "MAUREEN EVANS, PHIL
35) 5) text: Maureen Evans - Maureen Prescott. Sidney Prescott's mother. The first victim in the Woodsboro Murders. Phil Stevens - Stephen Orth - the first kid to be murdered. Ten to one - Cici is not the third victim's real name.
62) 12) text: Home-made video footage fills the screen. A movie theatre, people standing in line. The home camera ZOOMS in to a YOUNG COUPLE. Maureen and Phil come into view.