12) 0) text: ALTHEA BROCKETT, a woman in her forties, sits on the couc reading a mail order catalogue for home furnishings. Ther are several other catalogues sticking out of her jammed,  woven carry-all. The door to Mumford's inner office opens with some force. Mumford stands looking back across his office at Lionel, is getting up from the couch in some confusion.
12) 5) text: Lionel looks around, but there is no such sign. He does s Althea watching the show from the couch.
12) 8) text: Althea stands up, smiling. She thinks Mumford is the bee' knees.
12) 9) dialog: Not at all. It takes guts, Lionel.
12) 13) text: Lionel bangs out the front door. Mumford motions Althea i
12) 15) text: Althea heads inside, giggling wildly. She can't get enoug of this guy.
13) 0) text: Althea is sobbing. Mumford hands her a new Kleenex from t box next to the couch. She wads it with her current one a tries to stop crying. Mumford settles back in his chair,  patient.
13) 1) dialog: What do they want from me? (more sobbing) What have I done that's so wrong? (pulling it together) They act as though they don't have  their own peculiar things... They  do! Believe me. Everybody's got  something... (looks at Mumford) Even you probably have things.
13) 3) dialog: Why are they ganging up against me?
13) 5) dialog: It's the kids, you know, not Jeremy.  He had nothing to do with this --  except pay, of course. He's always  willing to pay. He's extremely  generous. (a long beat) I'm so humiliated that my own children  would threaten me.
13) 7) dialog: They said if I didn't get help, they  wouldn't deal with me any more. (a beseeching look) What do you think about that?
13) 9) text: Althea stares at him a long moment. She knows he's right. Tears well up in her eyes and roll down her cheeks. She g another Kleenex. In the midst of the torrent she tries to talk, but it's undecipherable:
13) 10) dialog: Mmmmfffstttubll abbittmm.
13) 12) text: Althea uses three new tissues to dry up her face.
13) 13) dialog: I said... you must come out to the  house for dinner on Thursday.
13) 15) dialog: Yes. Jeremy will be home for the  weekend. And you can meet the kids.
26) 0) text: Althea leads Mumford toward the back of the lavishly appo house. The weird thing, what gets in the way of the decor is the cardboard boxes of all sizes which are stacked  everywhere. Many are unopened, but the rest are spilling  their styrofoam-nugget and bubble-wrap guts to reveal som hint of their contents: a huge variety of catalogue-order housewares, clothing, linens, gadgets, and knickknacks. I it can be ordered from an upscale catalogue (and everythi can), it is here. Althea sounds very nervous, cheery.
26) 1) dialog: -- sorry everything's in such an  uproar. Lots of big occasions coming  up, and of course Christmas is only  eight months away -- (giggles uncontrollably) -- I don't know what's keeping Jeremy.  You know he stays in the city three  nights a week -- I guess I explained  that... (Mumford nods) ...I know Katie's here, but I'm not  so sure about Martin... I'm making  dinner myself tonight, so I'll have  to leave you, I'm afraid...
27) 0) text: They come out onto the wide porch, which commands a  spectacular view of the surrounding countryside. There's elaborate bar cart out here, which Althea points Mumford  toward.
27) 1) dialog: I'm awful I know, but will you please  help yourself. I just got a new copper  sauciere from Williams-Sonoma and  I'm afraid it'll be the death of us  all if I don't get back in there...
27) 4) text: Mumford turns to see that Althea's thirteen year old daug KATIE has silently appeared. Her jeans and little tee-shi are meant to be sexy; it seems sad on her. Mumford nods.
29) 0) text: Just as Mumford and Katie come back around the corner, MA Althea's sixteen year old son, crosses the yard and comes onto the porch. He's wearing an old black leather jacket  with a lot of zippers, dirty jeans and black Converse All Stars that are coming apart. In his hand, casually but  properly held, is a .22 caliber rifle. He looks Mumford o
29) 4) text: Mumford takes them both in and nods. He understands. Sudd their manner changes, for the worse. What they can see th Mumford cannot is JEREMY BROCKETT, Althea's husband, who come to the back screen door, with the bustle of a late  arrival.
30) 1) dialog: I'll be back.
96) 0) text: CLOSE ON Althea Brockett.
96) 1) dialog: -- The argument had nothing to do  with it.
96) 3) dialog: (hates to say) I had ordered some books. "The 100  Greatest Books Ever Written."
96) 5) dialog: Oh, all the great writers --  Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, Moby  Dick... those people. Each is bound  in genuine premium leather with 22  carat gold accents. It's a magnificent  set -- and only $33.50 per volume.  Right away you get Great Expectations  for just $6.99.
96) 7) dialog: It's irrelevant. It had nothing to  do with what happened.
96) 9) text: Althea is sitting on the couch facing Mumford. She has a  bulky knit cardigan sweater hugged tightly around her -- only sign that she's not completely calm.
96) 10) dialog: We argued on Sunday. He went to work  on Monday and stayed in the city  during the week, like always. But on  Thursday, when he normally comes  home, he didn't. Didn't call either.  Not till Saturday afternoon.
96) 12) dialog: It's happened before. (a beat) I'm shocked by how little I'm feeling.  I can't understand it. (a real question --) I'll probably have a complete  depressoid collapse soon, won't I?
96) 14) dialog: He said he wasn't coming back. He  said it wasn't working for him any  more. That it hadn't "worked for  him" for quite a while... You know  what I regret the most? I'm sorry I  let him make the kids take his name.  He was an acquirer. (off Mumford's look) He liked to acquire things.
96) 15) text: Mumford looks away. Althea realizes what he's thinking.
96) 16) dialog: You think that has something to do  with my problem? Ordering all those  things?...
96) 18) dialog: ...Like I was on some kind of campaign  to out-acquire him... (excited now, playing  it out) ...If I was just an acquisition to  him, and he lost interest once he  had me --
96) 20) dialog: That can't be it. It's too simple.  And besides, I still like it. This  morning I ordered a marble turtle  cheese board from The Horchow  Collection. (an odd look) Can I tell you something just awful?  You know how people who are just  assholes will sometimes look at a  woman who's got problems and say,  "What she needs is a good shtupping!"?
96) 22) dialog: Well, there may be something to that.  Jeremy didn't keep up his end -- Oh,  what difference does it make? (suddenly) Why do I feel elated? Am I in denial?  You know what it feels like?...
96) 24) dialog: I know my time's up, but I've got to  get this out while I've got hold of  it --
96) 26) dialog: (no slowing down) -- When I was in high school, the  thing I wanted most, when I was stuck  in class, the thing I was always  desperately in pursuit of -- was a  hall pass. That's all I wanted. I  loved moving freely around the school  while everybody else was trapped in  there... And that's how I feel right  now... Like I have some giant, all- day hall pass.
96) 28) dialog: My god, did it just get hot in here  or what?
96) 29) text: She takes off the bulky sweater and bends to pick up her  purse. She is wearing a simple cotton dress that buttons the front and hugs her body. WE SEE for the first time wh all her other outfits have hidden: Althea has a terrific, voluptuous figure.
96) 30) dialog: See you next time. I'll probably be  a basket case by then.
96) 33) dialog: (quoting Mumford) "There's no shame in getting a little  therapy", right, Doc?
97) 0) text: Follett is embarrassed to be discovered here. But that's  secondary to the impact Althea's current appearance -- se body framed in the doorway -- is having on him. She's bee customer in his store, but he's seeing her now as if for first time. All his libidinous buttons are being pushed.  Althea breezes by, oblivious to his reaction.
97) 1) dialog: Hello, Mr. Follett. Have a good  session. Bye, Doc.
97) 4) text: But Follett continues to stare in the direction Althea ha gone.
105) 35) text: He hurries out. Mumford stands up to leave, but first loo down through the one-way mirror. WHAT HE SEES: Follett hurries up behind the prescription  counter, where Althea Brockett is waiting; once again she looks quite sexy. Follett brings her prescription up and  begins playfully flirting. Althea is responsive. Follett  motions Althea down the aisle, where it's more private. H comes out from behind the counter, ostensibly to show Alt something on the prescription bottle. Althea leans back  against some shelves in the same posture as the Landlady Follett's first fantasy. Mumford reacts, bemused.
112) 4) text: BACK AT THE DOOR, the Cheerleader hears someone coming an steps aside to make way for -- Althea Brockett, dressed n in a nurse's uniform so tight the buttons are straining.
112) 6) text: As the Landlady and the Cheerleader retreat out the door, Althea the Nurse sways forward toward the bed bearing ban and a bowl of steaming water, a lascivious look of concer on her face.
112) 8) text: Althea the Nurse places a bandage over Follett's eyes,  BLACKING OUT THE SCENE.
118) 13) text: Follett is sitting in one of the back rows, apparently al But now he looks down the row. Althea is sitting down at end in a stylish suit, completely appropriate, but a size too small. She gives Follett a sidelong glance, then crosses her leg provocatively. Whatever fantasy they're currently enactin is working really well for both of them.