65) 4) text: His POV STOPS, letting the Collection Agents go, on anoth fellow, with the disreputable, cocksure demeanor of a pri dick, who is lolling near the water cooler, watching the  altercation with amusement. He is GREGORY, an IRS  INVESTIGATOR.
67) 0) text: MOVING POV as Mumford follows GREGORY down the gloomy all to a corner where they can spy at the scene beyond.
67) 4) text: Gregory turns to look at camera (Mumford) with a devilish grin.
68) 0) text: MUMFORD'S POV as he supports a drunken Gregory as they st down the sidewalk to a row house. Holding Gregory up on t other side, is CANDY, Gregory's pretty wife. They wrangle Gregory up the front steps. Gregory stumbles inside and  Mumford retreats down the steps, his eyes still on the fr door. Candy appears there and stares down at Mumford, who stops where he is.
71) 0) text: MOVING POV as Mumford follows Gregory up the ladder and o the roof of this old building in a rundown industrial  neighborhood.
71) 2) text: Mumford follows Gregory, crawling, to the edge of the roo and looks down on a building one block over. It is a smal furniture factory. Employees are eating their lunches on loading dock.
72) 0) text: MUMFORD'S POV takes in his ATTRACTIVE DATE next to him, t PANS TO Candy and Gregory across the table. Everybody's  laughing. Candy flashes Mumford a momentary special look. MUMFORD'S POV guiltily PANS TO Gregory. Did he see it?
74) 0) text: Lit by powerful flashlights, Gregory and Mumford attack t files of the company, both in cabinets and on computer.
77) 0) text: Mumford's POV slides into the passenger seat. Gregory is  already sitting in the driver's seat. He stares at Mumfor long time.
78) 0) text: Mumford is following Gregory and REVENUE OFFICER MCLURE d the hall. They reach a door with the painted sign: "SAMUE
79) 0) text: GORBECK listens, intimidated by McLure, who sits on the  accountant's desk, and Gregory, who is moving around the  office -- snooping.
80) 0) text: Edmond Worrell, his wife, his adult SON and DAUGHTER,  WORRELL'S LAWYER, and, finally, the accountant Gorbeck ar ushered toward a conference room by McLure, Gregory and s other IRS types. Gorbeck sneaks a nervous look at Mumford Gregory, who now appears slightly mad, motions for Mumfor to join them.
81) 0) text: MOVING POV OUT THE WINDSHIELD of Gregory's government car it comes speeding into the parking lot. There are two fla Squad Cars and an Ambulance at the entrance. As Gregory's car hits a speedbump, the IMAGE BEGINS TO SLOW DOWN --
115) 8) text: A snapshot of some IRS-era party, happy revelers posing f a flash. Camera PUSHES IN on Mumford, smiling and high, h neck encircled by Gregory's arm. Candy is on the other si of Gregory. A shot of the Pennsylvania Turnpike as a State Police Cru zips by.
115) 10) text: GREGORY, in State Police uniform, with a sadistic glint i his eye, is interviewed by the roadside, cars whipping by
115) 11) dialog: The guy was obsessed... didn't always  know where to draw the line... but I  would have trusted him with my wife --  er, my life -- (looks off camera,  laughing) -- What'd I say? Both, actually... (gets serious again) ...I can't say I was surprised,  though, when he disappeared.