1) 4) dialog: Can I help you?
1) 5) text: The Newcomer turns toward the door. Standing there, holdi the screen open, is the LANDLADY. She's a knockout in a c small-town way: a cotton dress that buttons down the fron and clings with sweat to her generous curves.
2) 0) text: The Newcomer's POV of the Landlady as she leads him up th narrow, gloomy stairs from the second floor to the third  story / attic. She has a Monroe-like sway to her walk. We can barely HEAR her DISTANT, ECHOEY DIALOGUE:
2) 1) dialog: ...not very fancy... house needs  repairs... We haven't had a man around  here for so long...
2) 3) text: The Landlady reaches the tiny landing at the top of the s and opens a door to a squalid room with a bed, bureau and tiny window. The Newcomer has to squeeze by her voluptuou body to get inside and look around. It doesn't take long. His gaze returns to the Landlady who is leaning against t door, chest thrust forward. He focusses on her fingers, t with the button at her sweat-shiny cleavage.
2) 5) text: The Newcomer takes a step in the Landlady's direction --
41) 5) text: The LANDLADY'S DAUGHTER looks up and sees the Newcomer  watching her through the half-open bathroom door. She giv him a petulant, white-hot look, then turns on her heel an goes into her room at that end of the hall. She bangs her door behind her, but it bounces open again about a foot. Newcomer, still watching in the bathroom mirror, now has view of the bureau mirror in the Landlady's Daughter's ro In there, seemingly oblivious, the girl quickly strips of the top of her outfit, revealing a '50's-era white bra.
41) 7) text: Suddenly, in mirror reflection of mirror, the Landlady's  Daughter meets the Newcomer's smoldering stare and her li begins to curl.
105) 35) text: He hurries out. Mumford stands up to leave, but first loo down through the one-way mirror. WHAT HE SEES: Follett hurries up behind the prescription  counter, where Althea Brockett is waiting; once again she looks quite sexy. Follett brings her prescription up and  begins playfully flirting. Althea is responsive. Follett  motions Althea down the aisle, where it's more private. H comes out from behind the counter, ostensibly to show Alt something on the prescription bottle. Althea leans back  against some shelves in the same posture as the Landlady Follett's first fantasy. Mumford reacts, bemused.
112) 0) text: STILL IN SUBJECTIVE CAMERA as the concerned Landlady, cle foremost, stands away from us, having patted the unseen  Newcomer's face with a washcloth. Beyond her, near the ha open door, stands her Cheerleader Daughter, worriedly che on her thumb.
112) 6) text: As the Landlady and the Cheerleader retreat out the door, Althea the Nurse sways forward toward the bed bearing ban and a bowl of steaming water, a lascivious look of concer on her face.