4) 27) text: Mumford is smiling as he goes out. Another Patron, LIONEL DILLARD, a lawyer, brings his check to Lily, watching Mum cross the street. Lily can't stand this guy.
4) 28) dialog: That's the new psychiatrist?
4) 30) dialog: Probably thinks he's pretty smart.
9) 0) text: Mumford is listening to Lionel, the arrogant lawyer who a about him in the restaurant. Lionel is lying on the couch talking with enormous energy; he has a serious superiorit complex. Mumford can't stand him and the session seems to lasting an eternity.
9) 1) dialog: ...so I'm watching Brokaw and they've  got some astronomer, this little  limey know-it-all, and he's telling  how, with this Himball telescope,  they've discovered there are maybe  400 million more galaxies than they  thought there were. And I guess that's  supposed to make me feel small? I'm  supposed to feel insignificant? Is  that the point? Because I can tell  you it didn't.
9) 4) text: Lionel is twisting his neck around painfully to look back Mumford.
9) 6) dialog: Kind of impatient for a big-time  headshrinker, aren't you? How 'bout  you let me explain it my own way...
9) 7) text: As Lionel goes on, Mumford's eyes again dart toward -- TH CLOCK: still 2:23! Hold on it. Finally, it moves. Mumford eyes dart toward his desk -- A deadly-looking letter opener in the shape of Excalibur  stands GLINTING LIGHT in a marble rendition of Arthur's s
9) 8) dialog: ...and in the dream, it's always the  same, I wake up in my room from when  I was I kid in Ohio, and I realize  this is the day of the big exam at  school...
9) 9) text: Mumford's head rocks slowly back for a moment as if he's  going to drift off. He snaps back to life and stares hard the top of Lionel's head, where there is a bald spot star to take hold. The sound of LIONEL'S VOICE begins to echo
9) 10) dialog: ...which is no problem for me, because  I remembered it was coming and I've  attended every class, so I'm totally  prepared. Then I see myself running  down the hall at school...
9) 11) text: MUMFORD'S GLANCE FLASHPANS from Lionel's bald spot to the gleaming letter opener. Mumford closes his eyes. We CUT TO:
10) 0) text: A boy, unmistakably the Young Lionel, runs down the deser hallway toward a bright doorway. [LIONEL'S DREAM has a BL
10) 2) dialog: ...but it's not really my school --  and this is very interesting -- it's  the school from the next district --
11) 0) text: Young Lionel comes breathlessly in the classroom door and stares alarmed.
11) 1) dialog: And even though I arrive a little  bit early, everybody's already there.  But the surprising part is --
11) 2) text: WHAT YOUNG LIONEL SEES: Everyone in the class, including Teacher in the front, is naked. The Teacher holds out an  exam toward Young Lionel.
11) 3) dialog: -- I'm the only one who's prepared!
12) 0) text: ALTHEA BROCKETT, a woman in her forties, sits on the couc reading a mail order catalogue for home furnishings. Ther are several other catalogues sticking out of her jammed,  woven carry-all. The door to Mumford's inner office opens with some force. Mumford stands looking back across his office at Lionel, is getting up from the couch in some confusion.
12) 1) dialog: -- you crazy? You can't do this!
12) 3) dialog: I'm a criminal lawyer -- you think I  like my clients? I can't stand most  of them! But I don't kick them out...
12) 5) text: Lionel looks around, but there is no such sign. He does s Althea watching the show from the couch.
12) 6) dialog: Don't you at least have a back door  I can use?
12) 10) text: Lionel steams by them in a black mood.
12) 11) dialog: Maybe some of us don't need this  crap!
12) 13) text: Lionel bangs out the front door. Mumford motions Althea i
18) 0) text: Mumford is walking up the busy sidewalk carrying his new foot stepladder hooked on his shoulder. Folks greet him.  Suddenly Lionel appears in front of Mumford, who stops.
18) 2) dialog: You've got to have the right ladder  for the job. You don't know what  you're doing, you can get yourself  in trouble.
18) 4) text: Mumford continues up the street. We STAY WITH Lionel, who watches Mumford with a sour look, then turns to enter a s medical building.
19) 1) dialog: ...completely inappropriate and highly  unprofessional. Now I don't want to  presume to tell you how to run your  businesses --
19) 3) text: Lionel is sitting across the room, making an ardent case
19) 4) dialog: -- Whatever. Six months ago, you two  were the only games in town. The  value of your... (mocking) ..."practices" could be seriously  undermined by this bozo. A town this  size has only so many headcases to  go around.
19) 6) dialog: Protect your turf! Check this guy  out. I smell a rat, I tell you.
19) 7) text: Delbanco and Sheeler exchange a look; they find Lionel  distasteful.
19) 9) dialog: What the hell's a widget?
20) 0) text: Lionel comes out of the office, miffed, and goes down the stairs. A moment later, the door opens slightly and Delba peeks out to make sure Lionel is gone. He closes the door us.
94) 36) text: Mumford turns to find Dr. Delbanco and Phyllis Sheeler, t shrinks Lionel had conferred with, standing nearby. It ta a moment for Mumford to remember Delbanco. Finally, shaki hands --
99) 0) text: Lionel is here with Delbanco and Sheeler. This time, Delb is behind his desk, Sheeler across the room on the sofa.
99) 1) dialog: Don't you find it incredibly  convenient that everyone who could  possibly corroborate his story has  recently died some exotic death?
99) 5) text: Lionel's derisive snort is so obnoxious, it's hard to bea
99) 6) dialog: What's easier than hacking your way  into a state computer and inserting  some numbers? For all you know he  never even took the exams!
99) 9) dialog: Doctor, correct me if I'm wrong, but  it sounds to me like you've gone for  this guy's story hook, line and bull- twaddle.
99) 12) text: Sheeler jumps, so shocked is she by his outburst, and so  humiliated for Lionel to witness it. Fighting tears and t to maintain her dignity, she gathers up her things and wa to the door. Delbanco, immediately contrite, stands up.
99) 15) text: She breaks into tears and rushes out of the office. Delba is left facing Lionel, who gives him exactly the look the doctor least wants to see.
118) 0) text: Mumford is at the defense table. Lionel is his lawyer. So Mr. Cook and Ben sit right behind the rail.
118) 2) text: Mumford and Lionel stand up.
118) 4) text: Lionel sits down, squelched again. We see JUDGE OTTO for first time, a tough guy in his sixties.
118) 21) text: The judge slams down his gavel, stands up and stalks out. DEPUTY moves in to take custody of Mumford. Lionel stands and leans in --
118) 22) dialog: It's a country club. Don't worry  about it.
118) 24) text: Mumford turns to face the Cooks. Mr. Cook and Ben shake h hand like he's just won something. Lionel addresses them with his usual self-satisfaction --
118) 25) dialog: I'll have him out in half the time.