17) 0) text: Mumford is comparing different stepladders. MR. COOK, the sixty-ish proprietor, has been watching from a distance, now --
23) 0) text: Silence. Nessa sits staring at Mumford defiantly, an unli cigarette in her mouth. Mumford looks at the clock -- 3:0 and stands up, session over. Nessa quickly lights her  cigarette with the lighter concealed in her hand and stan up too. She exhales a huge cloud of smoke and walks quick to the back door of the office, which Mumford has opened her, and goes out. Mumford waves half-heartedly at the cloud of smoke as he  walks to the door to the waiting room and opens it. MUMFORD'S POV: As the door swings open, the first figure see is Mr. Cook; he twists around at the sound of the doo He acknowledges Mumford and then sighs as he steps aside reveal, sitting exhausted in a chair, his daughter -- SOFIE -- a young woman whose actual appearance is somewha disguised at present by her wan, ashen visage. She regard Mumford with some resignation. Her father helps her out o the chair. Sofie keeps her eyes on Mumford. CLOSE ON Mumford, watching her.
24) 0) text: LATER. Mr. Cook is gone. Sofie is sitting up on the couch facing Mumford. She looks like she might pass out at any  moment, but her voice is stronger than you'd expect.
101) 0) text: Mr. Cook opens the front door to Mumford.
102) 0) text: Mumford follows Mr. Cook into the room. Mrs. Cook and Sof thirtyish brother, BEN, are in there, watching television Mrs. Cook keeps knitting; Ben stands to shake Mumford's h muting the TV with a remote.
102) 10) text: Mumford's surprised. Mr. Cook speaks with some pleasure.
102) 18) dialog: Elizabeth...
102) 23) dialog: Is there something we need to know,  Dr. Mumford?
102) 26) text: Mr. Cook and Ben exchange an alarmed glance. Mrs. Cook  actually cheers up.
102) 34) dialog: Elizabeth, I'm tellin' you, stop  this...
102) 38) text: Mumford looks from Ben to Mr. Cook, who nods his agreemen
102) 44) dialog: (ignoring her now) What is the problem, Doctor?
102) 45) text: Mumford can't take his eyes off Mrs. Cook, even as he spe to Mr. Cook.
117) 17) text: Mr. Cook suddenly appears, takes Mrs. Cook by the arm and makes her vanish. Sofie and Mumford are left alone. She l at him through the screen.
118) 0) text: Mumford is at the defense table. Lionel is his lawyer. So Mr. Cook and Ben sit right behind the rail.
118) 24) text: Mumford turns to face the Cooks. Mr. Cook and Ben shake h hand like he's just won something. Lionel addresses them with his usual self-satisfaction --