5) 0) text: An overweight, teenage girl named NESSA WATKINS is on  Mumford's couch. She fidgets as she talks and can't decid whether to lie down (so she's looking away from him) or s up and face him. She plays with an unlit cigarette and ke taking out a lighter, then stuffing it back in her big, s handbag.
5) 1) dialog: ...so he already had the tattoo that  said, "Naomi Forever"... and now  they're broken up, see, and he has  to have it removed. But while the  scar is still healing, or whatever  you call it when you have a tattoo  removed, he meets Chandra. And it's  serious, immediate love. So in no  time, he's gone from the most gorgeous  model in the world to the most  gorgeous actress in North America.
5) 3) dialog: In maybe three or four issues.
5) 5) dialog: Monthly! God, how shallow do you  think Brad is? Why do I waste my  time telling you this stuff?
5) 7) dialog: Don't do that thing... (Mumford: what?) ...that shrink thing.
5) 10) dialog: You really need to let people smoke  in here, you know. It's perverse.  What are they paying you to see me?
5) 12) dialog: The school board doesn't pay you?  What kind of deal is that?
5) 14) dialog: Pro boner? (he waits her out) Pro bono, huh? For whose good,  supposedly?
5) 16) dialog: Fuck the community. (he won't go for it) There was this article my friends  and I read. It was "25 Signs He's  Great in Bed". It was very  fascinating.
5) 18) dialog: Where?... The New York Times. The  first one was -- "he handles produce  well." Which we already knew! (an expression she  uses) The point is, you have a lot of the  signs.
5) 20) dialog: Have women found you attractive?
5) 22) dialog: I knew you wouldn't answer. I've  been thinking about what you said  last time. How me trying to lose  weight -- and constantly not -- is  like a lot of people with addictions.  How maybe I can't lose the weight,  ever... (quietly) Which we already knew...
5) 24) dialog: It's a really weird thing for a shrink  to say... and then you said maybe  people'd be happier if they'd accept  that some things don't change --  that it'd be some kind of a relief  or something...
5) 26) dialog: Well, I guess I'm just a dumb bitch,  but how depressing is that moment --  the moment when you give up?
23) 0) text: Silence. Nessa sits staring at Mumford defiantly, an unli cigarette in her mouth. Mumford looks at the clock -- 3:0 and stands up, session over. Nessa quickly lights her  cigarette with the lighter concealed in her hand and stan up too. She exhales a huge cloud of smoke and walks quick to the back door of the office, which Mumford has opened her, and goes out. Mumford waves half-heartedly at the cloud of smoke as he  walks to the door to the waiting room and opens it. MUMFORD'S POV: As the door swings open, the first figure see is Mr. Cook; he twists around at the sound of the doo He acknowledges Mumford and then sighs as he steps aside reveal, sitting exhausted in a chair, his daughter -- SOFIE -- a young woman whose actual appearance is somewha disguised at present by her wan, ashen visage. She regard Mumford with some resignation. Her father helps her out o the chair. Sofie keeps her eyes on Mumford. CLOSE ON Mumford, watching her.
93) 3) dialog: Isn't she amazing? That is such a  wicked look.
93) 5) dialog: Just chill for a second. Look at  this guy, it appears he's actually  dead... but gorgeous.
93) 6) text: Mumford is sitting next to Nessa on the couch. At their f is a mess of magazines. Nessa discards one and immediatel starts flipping through a new one beneath it. She is very agitated. Mumford stands up, walks over and sits in his c
93) 7) dialog: What are you doing? We're not done.  I just need to find the thing...
93) 9) dialog: I want to have the session. I thought  it would be cool if I could show you  some of the things that interest me.  But I guess you're not into it...  which we already knew.
93) 11) dialog: What are you talking about?
93) 13) dialog: (petulant) These appointments were not my idea,  remember.
93) 15) text: A look of panic crosses Nessa's face, but she instantly h it, busily taking out cigarette and lighter, which she do use. Instead, she lies down on the couch, balancing the c magazine on her chest.
93) 16) dialog: I don't think you know what you're  talking about.
93) 18) dialog: This shrink school you went to...  did you hear about it on an  infomercial?
93) 19) text: Mumford waits. Nessa refers to the magazine beneath her c
93) 20) dialog: I want to live in the world these  people are in. No one ever says  anything in there, have you noticed?  So they're very cool. Like they're  all really deep. It's when people  start talking that everything goes  to shit.
93) 21) text: Nessa suddenly seems on the edge of tears, but beats it b
93) 22) dialog: There's this kid at school... Martin  Brockett. He has some gigantic idea  of himself that no one else shares.  You wouldn't believe the crap he  lays on me... Who appointed him my  spiritual leader? If he has everything  so figured out how come his best  friend is a .22 rifle? And why's he  spend all his time chasing after me?  Probably thinks I'm gonna give him a  hummer...
93) 24) dialog: (after a beat) No. I don't know what he wants. But  I know I don't like being watched.  Nobody's ever paid any attention to  what I did, and I liked it just fine.  Where does he get off telling me I  disrespect myself? (a beat) Fuck him. Look in a mirror, bozo.
103) 0) text: Mumford carries a large Fed-Ex box down a side street and into an alley. As he passes a secluded space created by t adjacent buildings, something catches his eye. MUMFORD'S MOVING POV: A young couple is embracing and tal intimately. As they separate, we can see that it is Nessa and Martin Brockett. Martin sees Mumford, but makes no si Nessa twists to see what Martin's looking at just as the  view is interrupted by a wall. Mumford walks on, mulling what he's seen.
108) 0) text: Nessa's on the couch, playing with her usual unlit cigare There's an uncharacteristic lightness to her.
108) 1) dialog: ...I mean, Doc, the dude is seriously  deluded. I said that to him, I said,  "If you think I'm gonna do all that  shit for you, man, you are seriously  deluded."
108) 3) dialog: (can't hide her  pleasure) He said -- "Which we already knew!"
108) 6) dialog: First off, he tells me to stop smoking  cigarettes. I told him abso-fuckin'- lutely no. As you can see --
108) 8) dialog: Then he says stop smoking dope. No  again. So then he says he doesn't  want me getting together with any  other guys...
108) 10) dialog: ...What balls on this guy? What're  we... (too geeky for her) ...going steady? Jesus.
108) 12) dialog: (long pause) I said I'd consider it. Nobody owns  me. And the last thing was insane. I  don't know what's wrong with him...  No magazines.
108) 14) dialog: I don't know if I can quit. We're  gonna try it together, like, you  know, AA or something. And I made  him give up his .22. No more sneaking  around the hills with his fucking  nut gun like some loony tune.
108) 16) dialog: (yes) He's pitiful, Doc, a goddam puppy. I  don't know how much longer I can put  up with it. I already got two arms  and legs, I don't need another  appendage.
108) 18) dialog: Oops... gotta go!
108) 19) text: She heads toward the waiting room. Mumford gestures to  indicate the back door. She waves him off. He shakes his  head -- no one wants to use the back anymore. Nessa opens the door to the waiting room. Martin Brockett sitting there. He makes a gesture to Nessa to underline t fact that he is not reading any of the many magazines lyi around, then stands up. She goes into his arms like maybe she's the puppy. He beams and looks at Mumford.
108) 23) text: Nessa give him an affectionate punch in the side, then bl smoke in his face.
108) 26) text: Nessa gives Mumford an embarrassed, "ain't he corny?" loo but as they go out the door, she's never looked happier.
118) 8) text: WE SEE there's a pretty big turnout for this hearing.  Prominent among the onlookers: Lily and Skip, sitting  together; Nessa and Martin, holding hands; Dr. Delbanco a MRS. DELBANCO. Gilroy, from the State Certification Board sits with the PROSECUTOR.