1) 25) dialog: You skin your palms?
1) 27) dialog: Yes it does. C’mere. She grabs his hand and tenderly picks out some of the gra BEE (CONT’D) They bother you a lot? He shrugs. BEE (CONT’D) Ya gotta just punch ‘em in the dick. Don’t hit them in the face, cuz then if you leave a mark their parents are gonna call your parents and it’s just the worst. And if they’re chasing you, wait until they’ve almost got you. Then drop like a bag of rocks. And then when they trip over you and are on the ground... kick ‘em in the dick. She finishes his hand. Smiles at him.
1) 29) text: Like I would ever do that without you. INT. BEE’S JEEP - DAY Bee is laughing. The windows are down. The radio is up.
1) 30) dialog: The sophomore?
1) 32) dialog: Screw that guy. The closest he’s come to getting laid is HBO. The closest she’s come is a tampon. Also, she’s totally gay. And I don’t mean that disparagingly. I mean she dates chicks. So don’t worry about it. Cole smiles to himself, no longer worrying about it. says is God’s gospel, after all. BEE (CONT’D) How the folks?
1) 34) dialog: Hotel therapy is working! That’s great for all of us. They stay happy, we get to hang out, I get paid.
1) 36) dialog: What?
1) 40) dialog: Besides, I'd hang out with you either way.
1) 42) dialog: One hundred percent. I got maybe two years tops before you’re too cool to hang out with me.
1) 44) dialog: Whatever. You’1l still be too cool. Cole smiles and looks out the window.
1) 46) dialog: Tomorrow night. You. Me. Party. Cults will be formed over nights like the night we will have.
5) 15) dialog: 
5) 20) dialog: Hi, Mrs. Johnson. Mr. Johnson. Where you guys heading tonight?
5) 25) dialog: Oh, we will. Mom kisses Cole’s head goodbye. He hates it.
6) 3) dialog: So you're basically saying, intergalactic dream team.
6) 5) dialog: From Terminator or Star Trek?
6) 9) dialog: That makes sense.
6) 11) dialog: How many seats do I have?
6) 13) dialog: Five!
6) 15) dialog: No, I get it. Hmm. She counts out her squad.
6) 16) dialog: One, Kirk. Two, Picard. Three, Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum from Independence Day. Five, Ripley and six, are you ready for this shit? A xenomorph egg, so here’s the plan. Kirk and Picard team up to captain-
6) 18) dialog: Because a girl’s got needs. They team up to get us to the big bad, because you know he’d have like, obstacles.
6) 22) dialog: Now this whole time Ripley’s been bitching about the Xenomorph egg and shit, cuz that’s her move. But she knows she’s gotta do this because it’s the only way to save the world.
6) 24) dialog: Yes! So Will and Goldblum get her inside. Ripley personally drops off the egg, the facehugger attacks the big bad. Ripley makes it back to Goldblum and Will, the big bad attacks, they narrrrrrowly escape, Kirk and Picard supply cover as the scout craft returns home, they peace out of there, then the big bad starts feeling like shit and- She shoves her hand through the inside of her shirt, ches burster style.
6) 25) dialog: He’s out!
6) 27) dialog: Shut up. A woman just saved the galaxy.
6) 29) dialog: I don’t think so, right, cuz they got dicks? 21.
6) 31) dialog: I wanna do over.
6) 33) dialog: Aliens don’t abide by our primitive gender stereotypes!
6) 35) dialog: You suck. You suck and I hope you die.
6) 37) dialog: It would definitely effect my income. So you’re probably right. The oven dings. PIZZA TIME.
7) 0) text: Bee and Cole are watching an R-rated movie that he’s prob not allowed to watch. Cole sits close to Bee, pretending not as scared as he is.
7) 2) dialog: I don’t know man. I hope not.
7) 6) dialog: Not her! Melanie. A brief pause.
7) 8) dialog: I would. I would say she is extremely super duper cute.
7) 10) dialog: Whatever. You want your tongues to touch.
7) 12) dialog: Yes you do.
7) 14) dialog: You’re in denial.
7) 16) dialog: That was great.
7) 18) dialog: But you’ll be okay if they break up. It happens. This is America. (MORE )
7) 20) dialog: Shit stinks. You can’t trust anyone you love to be there for you for the rest of your lives. Unless you die really young. In which case you got a better shot.
7) 22) dialog: I think about you at fifty becoming a super immortal robot literally all of the time. Bee sees the time. She looks Bee tries BEE (CONT’D) Shit, dude, it’s late.
7) 24) dialog: I know you’re not, but I am. at him. BEE (CONT’D) If I give you a shot, will you go to sleep.
7) 26) dialog: Vvvvvvooooooginnnnnnrrummmabbbbbbss siiiiiinntthbbbbaaaileys! Baileys! Cole can’t help but agree. BEE (CONT’D) You my man. I’1l be right back. You wanna clean up?
7) 28) dialog: Thanks, babe. She skips away to the kitchen, leaving Cole. He smiles an walks over to close the blinds when- He looks outside the window and sees-— Across the street- A CAR PARKED. But full of people. He can’t make out much more than that He eyes them for a moment, the wheels in his head turning When Bee returns with a shot glass, yawning. BEE (CONT’D) Here you are, my good sir. He takes it. She holds on. BEE (CONT’D) And remember, you don’t say a word of this to your parents. Ever. Even when you're a fifty year old super immortal robot.
7) 30) dialog: I’m sure he does. She smiles and skips back to the kitchen.
7) 31) dialog: One sec! Cole has this one moment. He stares at the Baileys... And suddenly DUMPS IT in a nearby plant. Bee returns with a shot glass. Bummed. BEE (CONT’D) You drank it without me! Cole shrugs. Trying to be cool. 25.
7) 43) dialog: (Ian McKellan voice) MELONNN. She pushes the door open and enters, checking out the roo if it were the Mines of Moria. 26. Cole laughs and Bee smiles. Sits on his desk. She’s weari short shorts, and Cole’s eyes flicker to her legs. This is not lost on her. BEE (CONT’D) Feeling bout ready for bed?
7) 45) dialog: It’s the Baileys, man. Like a gentler ambien.
7) 47) dialog: Adult candy. You need anything? Cole shakes his head and wraps himself up in blankets. BEE (CONT’D) Cool. Night, dude.
7) 49) dialog: Yup? Cole, slightly worried the love of his life will soon kno the touch of a different, obviously lesser man, chooses h words with care.
7) 51) dialog: You don’t think you’re okay? Cole shrugs.
7) 53) dialog: Well, I like weird all of the time. And I’m hot, so if I like it, imagine how all the girls will like you when you’re a senior. Cole can’t help but blush.
7) 55) dialog: Good night. She winks at him and turns off the light. When Cole hears her walk downstairs, he sits up. IT’S ON. FIVE MINUTES GO BY. Cole is playing a game on his cellphone in the dark. Musi off. He hears Bee moving stuff around downstairs and list FIFTEEN MINUTES GO BY. And he hears the soft steps of someone coming up the stai He pockets his phone under the covers and pretends to be asleep as-— Bee checks on him. She says nothing. She walks into the room and looks closer at him. He seems be conked out. Satisfied, she leaves. Cole opens his eyes. That was definitely a little weird. TWENTY MINUTES GO BY. And Cole listens as Bee greets HER FRIENDS at the door. Most confusing of all though is the fact that they’re not whispering. They’re talking in their normal voices. Clearly not afraid they could wake Cole up. He texts Melanie. 28.
7) 61) dialog: Don't pay attention to Max. And don't ever, ever do that to me. Everyone laughs.
7) 63) dialog: Or anyone.
8) 0) text: Cole gets down to his hands and knees and peers over the second floor balcony- Where he sees THEM sitting in a circle in the living room There are SIX of them, including BEE. MAX. The Man. Dreadlocks. Football. Fast Five. ALLISON. Pixie. School paper. Network. JOHN THE BAPTIST. Preacher kid. White boy. Chariots of Fi SONYA. Peppy. Cheerleader. Beauty and the Beast (not the Disney one, the French one, you know with oh nevermind). And finally: SAMUEL. The Nerd. Doesn’t fit in. Especially with these g Which is weird, considering Cole's pretty sure this is th guy Bee had her head resting on earlier. Upstream Color. The entire living room floor is covered in PLASTIC WRAP. The group sit around, passing a bottle of liquor and and generally being teenagers. A bottle sits in the middle of them. And naturally- That bottle is spinning. It points at MAX (0000000000h) -
8) 7) dialog: Dare.
8) 12) dialog: Sam. He looks at Bee, now standing in front of him. BEE (CONT’D) Just close your eyes. Pretend they’re not here.
8) 14) dialog: Do you trust me? 31. After a moment, he nods. She wraps her arms around his ne BEE (CONT’D) Then don’t stress. Just relax. This is fun. This is not weird. Okay? He reluctantly agrees.
8) 16) dialog: C’mere. She kisses him. And Cole's heart breaks. He can’t look away. Try as he mi But wait. As they kiss, Max and John hand something to Bee. She takes it behind Samuel’s head and Cole sees- That she has TWO KNIVES IN HER HANDS. Which she plunges into Samuel’s poor skull.
8) 21) dialog: Shhh. Shhh. It’s alright. Cole forces his shaking body to peer down again- Samuel’s body is trembling. He keeps trying to breathe, b can’t seem to exhale. Only inhales. He stares at Bee with understandably confused eyes. His body goes slack, but Bee holds him up with the knives his head. BEE (CONT’D) Shhh. Just let go.
8) 23) dialog: Shut up, Sonya! Show some respect. Bee looks back at the almost-dead Samuel. She smiles. BEE (CONT’D) You are helping fulfil a great purpose. Know this. Samuel stutters.
8) 28) dialog: He didn’t even get to understand. She says this kind of sadly. Sonya and John have two urns. They hold them up by the knives. Max wraps his arms around Samuel's chest. BEE (CONT’D) Ready?
8) 32) dialog: Don’t laugh. John, relax. John closes his eyes and mouth obediently, but still frea out internally. Bee pushes his hands up, so the urn starts collecting the blood instead of his face. BEE (CONT’D) There you go. He exhales.
8) 39) dialog: Don’t throw them out. Take them home, burn and then bury them.
8) 41) dialog: I don’t care. It’s tradition, so probably in the earth. Allison stomps into the kitchen-
8) 45) dialog: Bring me the case. The group suddenly become VERY EXCITED. Like, quiet excited. Sonya hurries out of sight, and returns with a RED METAL SUITCASE. She hands it carefully to Bee, who undoes a combination a opens it- A BROWN LEATHER JOURNAL sits protected inside. Some of the group gasp. Cole doesn’t get it. BEE (CONT’D) Oh calm down. But she barely means it as she gently picks the book up o of the case.
8) 47) dialog: Yeah, it’s really it. John the Baptist peers over Bee’s shoulder as she opens i up.
8) 49) dialog: The best language. Alrighty, babes. Let’s get started. Take his blood into the kitchen, and we'll get 1il’man’s next. SHIT. Time to go. Cole looks up to his bedroom door. Takes a few very deep breaths... And starts to slowly crawl inside. 37. INT. COLE’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Cole very, very, very, very gently closes the door- And dashes for his phone. He ignores all the texts from Melanie and goes straight f 911 He waits anxiously as it rings. Through his window, we see a light come on at the house n door, and see Melanie eagerly trying to get his attention Wanting the scoop on all the sex she presumes is happenin Until she sees how utterly terrified he is. And becomes utterly terrified herself. (CONT'D)
8) 66) dialog: He’s so cute. You have no idea. Max flips through some of Cole’s books.
8) 69) dialog: With the amount of drugs I gave him? Haillll no. And this might be the most heartbreaking moment of the evening so far for Cole. He faces the wall, his big eyes darting around. Bee sits on the bed. Cole does his best not to tense. He closes his eyes lightly.
8) 70) dialog: He’s been my biggest project. I’ve been watching him for two years.
8) 73) dialog: It’s not sadistic. It’s an honor. She turns back to the others. BEE (CONT’D) Do you have the needle? COLE’S EYES GO WIDE THE FUCK OPEN.
8) 77) dialog: You know what happens when you kill someone?
8) 79) dialog: They STOP MAKING MORE BLOOD. So this is basically a faucet for us.
8) 81) dialog: Sonya, you have a listening problem. Bee ties off the fourth and puts it carefully in the container. She then slowly leans down to his arm- And kisses the pinprick wound. She leaves her lips there for a long second. Before whispering, as if he could hear her. BEE (CONT’D) Good boy. 43. As she stands to leave the room, she sees the curtain flapping lightly in the breeze. She pauses, fixing her eyes on it. Wondering... was that window open before? And does it even matter? She shrugs it off and heads for the door with the others. And in bed, Cole waits. He hears the door open. And the door shut. And the feet on the stairs. And he waits until they are all downstairs. And then slowly exhales. He quietly crawls out of bed. He pulls off the sheet. Carries it to his desk by the window. He does not notice Bee watching him. She is crouched by the door, watching him with absolutely expression. Cole exhales, throws open the curtains. No Melanie in the other window yet. He kneels and ties one end of the sheets to the desk leg. Bee watches. Cole finishes the knot. Tries it a few times. Bee watches. He stands up and throws the sheet out the window. He peers out to see how far down it goes. Not far enough but... it can work. He shakes out his hands, trying to psych himself up.
9) 0) text: Cole wakes up. The situation is... well... totally fucked. He quickly discovers that he’s tied to a chair. His hands rope behind his back. The gang of high-schoolers all watch him. Including Bee. But Cole’s mostly focused on MAX. Because Max is pacing back and forth, stretching his arms front of him. Shirtless. So Cole asks the obvious.
9) 5) text: Give him a cookie. Cole looks at Bee. Her eyes burn into him. But he holds her gaze. Sonya walks towards him with some cookies. She holds front of his mouth.
9) 11) dialog: You'll feel better if you eat the cookie. Cole doesn’t respond. BEE (CONT’D) You fainted, Cole. Some of the group laugh. Cole tries his best to not let o that the cool kids laughing at him hurts his feelings. His best is not good enough. 46.
9) 13) dialog: Yes, you did. I know this because after I took four vials of blood from you, I waited in the room because something felt... off. I crouched by the door, and a few seconds later, you got up, tied a sheet to the desk, threw the sheet out the window... And fainted. So. Your blood sugar is low, eat the cookie. Please. She says all of this fairly monotonously. But Cole can’t help feel like-
9) 15) dialog: Cook. Key. Cole reluctantly looks at Sonya. And opens his mouth. She lacklusterly shoves it in there. And walks back to the others. Max keeps pacing. Cole keeps chewing. He swallows.
9) 17) dialog: Why are you awake, Cole. His eyes go back to Bee.
9) 19) dialog: Mhmm? 47.
9) 22) dialog: I don’t believe you.
9) 24) dialog: Touché.
9) 26) dialog: Wanna try again?
9) 29) dialog: You were gonna go smoke in the woods.
9) 31) dialog: You smoke pot?
9) 34) dialog: Why didn’t you drink the Baileys? 48.
9) 37) dialog: Cole. Again, it’s almost painful for Cole to look her way.
9) 39) dialog: Why are you still lying to me?
9) 41) dialog: Why didn’t you drink the Baileys?
9) 43) dialog: Because I put shit in that alcohol that should make them konk out for a solid eight hours, what else did you see?
9) 52) dialog: Well, he does now. Cole doesn’t know what to do... So he gives them the finger. And keeps cutting. BEE (CONT’D) Why are you cutting the ropes?
9) 54) dialog: Why do you have a pocket knife?
9) 56) dialog: You know what I mean.
9) 62) dialog: Dude, how do we explain any of this to your parents?
9) 67) dialog: It was for a science project, okay?
9) 69) dialog: The blood. An orgy is when a bunch of people all have sex together. We probably wouldn’t need your blood for that.
9) 72) dialog: I knew you were scared of needles. And that’s when the familiar lights of a COP CAR illumina through the curtains outside. Everyone looks towards them. Including Cole. Who starts cutting way faster. BEE (CONT’D) Cole. Why is there a cop car outside?
9) 74) dialog: Did you call them?
9) 76) dialog: Which makes me think you were awake before then. Which makes me think you saw something that scared you enough to call the cops. Right? Cole stares at her. And she is angry. BEE (CONT’D) Right! Answer me! He flinches when she raises her voice at him. Stares at her with his broken, twelve year old heart- His watery eyes blink. And he becomes a fucking ANGRY twelve year old. He scrunches up his face and screams.
9) 81) dialog: Max KICKS Cole in the chest- His chair goes backwards and-
9) 90) dialog: Your fault, bro.
9) 95) dialog: Aw hunny, they were totally finished.
9) 98) dialog: No.
9) 101) dialog: Your boob was shot by a now dead cop. Have fun explaining that. They have, for the moment, forgotten about Cole. So this is his moment. They are huddled around Allison to his left. The stairs to his right. He eyes the front door beside them. The crumpled bodies of the two cops blocking it. So the stairs seem like the only option. All their backs turned to him, as they argue how to best extract a bullet from a breast. So Cole GOES FOR IT.
13) 42) text: Bee is bad? Cole thinks on this. 67.
14) 31) dialog: She was so annoying. She never ever did anything to help. She probably has a secret tumblr all about it. You know what it is? She was the kinda girl that still listens to Smashing Pumpkins. She smirks at Cole.
14) 32) dialog: So tonight, huh. Cole leans his head back against the cabinets.
14) 34) dialog: You and me both. Now I have to move and shit. Do the whole “new girl at high school” for the hundredth time. You've really done a number on us.
14) 36) dialog: Her boob was ruined. She wanted to die. Sonya?
14) 38) dialog: Max?
14) 40) dialog: Ditched it with the cop car.
14) 42) dialog: It’s like, 5am bro. We’ve been doing this dance of ours for about six hours. Cole can’t believe this. He looks at the clock and what s says is somehow true.
14) 44) dialog: That’s just the adrenaline. An awkward pause.
14) 46) dialog: Yeah. So. This is the part I’m not really excited about.
14) 48) dialog: No! I was only shooting around you because I was hoping you’d just put your hands up and shit. She sighs. BEE (CONT’D) Plus I’m out of bullets.
14) 50) dialog: But, I mean, two cops are dead. She nods to Allison. 77.
14) 51) dialog: Couple high schoolers. I gotta skip town. And that leaves you, and what to do with you. Any suggestions? Cole is silent. Then-
14) 53) dialog: Where is the- She turns back to Cole- To find him holding the book. So old. So weathered. So dry. And in his other hand, he still holds the CANDLE LIGHTER. Its flame ready and hungry. Bee loses her breath. She looks BEE (CONT’D) Cole, listen to me.
14) 55) dialog: Cole, listen to me-
14) 57) dialog: at him, hands raised, surprised at his outburst.
14) 61) dialog: Cole. Seriously. You’re too young to understand. Trust me. Cole stares at her blankly for a moment. Before saying:
14) 64) dialog: Cole!
14) 66) dialog: Dude, I am so confused-
14) 68) dialog: «+-Did you just spoil MAD MEN for me?!
14) 70) dialog: That’s so douchey!
14) 72) dialog: I guess, fine, in the grand scheme of things tonight, it’s not the douchiest.
14) 74) dialog: What do you mean? takes a step forward- he swings the fire closer to the journal. backs up obediently. BEE (CONT’D) Okay! Okay!
14) 76) dialog: No.
14) 78) dialog: You heard that?
14) 82) dialog: Okay! Okay! Yes! Probably! But I can teach you! stretches her hands out to him. BEE (CONT’D) You're the best, man, and I've been... I’ve been bad, to you. But what I do, and what I believe, it’s powerful shit. It’s holy. I used to feel so scared and so small until this- 80. She points to the sculpture. BEE (CONT’D) And now I’m strong and I’m confident. And when I leave town, what if, okay, what if you came with me. As my apprentice. And I'1l teach you everything I know. I’11l teach you how to read that. I’1l be Lady Exposition and you’1l become so strong. Okay? Yeah? No one could ever hurt you again. There would be nothing left to be afraid of. Isn't that what you want? Plus, dude, we'd have fun. And all for a great cause!
14) 84) dialog: What? Yeah, kinda. He thinks about it. BEE (CONT’D) What do you say, dude.
14) 87) dialog: NooOO! Cole tosses it into the living room- Bee runs for it and- Cole runs out the back door. EXT. COLE’S HOME - NIGHT
14) 89) text: Strong, powerful and brave as fuck- Cole Johnson runs around his house- Towards the front yard- And when he gets there- He doesn’t go back into his house. He pulls out the keys to Melanie’s Dumb Dad’s Dumb SUV. AND UNLOCKS THAT SHIT. Gets inside. And slams that fucker closed. INT. MELANIE’S DUMB DAD’S DUMB SUV - NIGHT With the head lights off, Cole slowly reverses out of the drive way- Straight back up the street. He does his best to angle the front of the car so it’s directly facing his house. He sees Bee inside. Putting out the blazing book desperately. Cole closes his eyes- Takes a deep breath- And does his best to not let on how fucking terrified he HIS BEST IS MORE THAN GOOD ENOUGH. He opens his eyes: CLEAR EYES. He exhales: FULL HEARTS. He grips the wheel: CAN’T LOSE. He SLAMS his foot on the gas. SCREAMS as the car surges towards the house as-— Bee looks up. Sees the car flying towards her. 82. Sighs. The car SMASHES through the front of the house in a storm glass and rubble. The airbag HITS Cole full on as- Bee goes flying as the SUV tears through the room- Before coming to a stop. Debris falls from the ceiling as- Cole coughs. His whole body hurts. He pushes the airbag away and tries to look out the windo It’s hard to see anything. Gingerly, he opens the door and falls out of the SUV.
15) 0) text: Cole stumbles with unsure footing through the rubble, loo for Bee, until-
15) 1) dialog: What up, Cee. Cole looks down and sees Bee, covered in rubble. He hesitantly walks over to her as she weakly pushes shit of her. She looks like, well, like she got hit by a car.
15) 3) dialog: You drove a car into your house. I really didn’t see that coming. She coughs disgustingly. Lays back flat. BEE (CONT’D) I think you broke my ribs.
15) 5) dialog: It’s okay. It happens. 83. She looks at him. BEE (CONT’D) You never told me your intergalactic dream team.
15) 7) dialog: I should have. I’m usually pretty good about that stuff. Cole leans exhausted against the wall.
15) 9) dialog: You didn’t say we could add ourselves.
15) 11) dialog: I guess that’s true. But don’t you get it yet? He looks down at her. BEE (CONT’D) You bring me on your trip because I'm beautiful, and I listen to you, and I make you think you’re a unique snowflake and an adult and we get to the big bad’s lair, and suddenly you’re confused because no one’s there. “Where is he?” you ask me, turning around to see me smiling at you. Here I am Cole. The big bad that you brought along for the ride and that your parents paid to be your friend. Cole processes this. 84.
15) 13) dialog: I don’t care.
15) 16) dialog: That... that I’1l give you. (then) See ya, Cee. Cole looks at her sadly.
16) 5) dialog: No tea for you. FIVE MINUTES LATER. Bee sits beside the still sleeping Tammy, while Mr. and M Morgan watch in terror. Bee slowly drinks her tea. Puts it back on her plate.
16) 6) dialog: Naw, I’m just fucking with you, I don’t drink tea. They continue staring at her in terror.
16) 7) dialog: I just liked the idea of you guys walking home, a kettle going off, your little Regan MacNeil tied to a chair, and me drinking tea calmly.
16) 9) dialog: But I am not calm, David and Mallory, am I. They shake their heads as if they were five years old. BEE (CONT’D) I’m pretty far from calm. I am light years away from calm. Because I am so sick of this shit. She points at them. BEE (CONT’D) You had one job. We agreed to this. In fact, what did I say when I sought you out?
16) 11) dialog: Excuse me, David?
16) 13) dialog: Why did I say nothing.
16) 15) dialog: Ding ding ding! So you can imagine how super annoying it is when, the kid and I are hanging out, the kid goes to bed, I go to do my thing and- She slams forward- BEE (CONT’D) You didn’t tell her to take the pills I gave you.
16) 17) dialog: Well then you're a terrible parent, because now here you are, here I am, angry, and here is your daughter. (MORE )
16) 20) dialog: Should I wake her up and be like, mommy and daddy signed you up for this so they could have happier lives?
16) 23) dialog: Mommy, why don't you love me enough to not be completely happy just in mothering me? Why did you need to call this attractive, smart, dangerous girl and beg her to help you in ways I never could, because I am a real Regan MacNeil? Mrs. Morgan answers by staring at her lap and crying. Bee sighs. BEE (CONT’D) You'll tell her it was a nightmare. You’1l tell her that she woke up screaming and, me being the concerned lady I am, called you and you rushed home. You’1ll have her write me a cute apology card, and I’ll write her a cute one back. I'll put twenty bucks in it for a movie and popcorn, and you’1l take her to something PG-13 so it’s extra special. When she asks why I don’t babysit her anymore, you'll say I have a boyfriend and am too busy getting laid to babysit. That last part can be open to your own creative license. The rest cannot. Bee stands up. The Morgans stand up. Except for Tammy, because she is tied up and asleep and a real Regan MacNeil. 92. BEE (CONT’D) I think you’1ll agree that our deal is off. No harm no foul, and be thankful for that. They nod, like rebuked five year olds. BEE (CONT’D) Groovy. You can paypal me the money you owe me for babysitting your asswipe of a kid. Bee walks up to them. They flinch. BEE (CONT’D) She actually threw Beverly Cleary books at me. What the shit, guys. Bee stares Mr. and Mrs. Morgan down hard. It’s terrifying. And then she smiles like everything is super! BEE (CONT’D) Ciao! And she walks chipper out of the house. When she closes the door, Mrs. Morgan breaks out into a s Mr. Morgan looks to the heavens in thanks. And Tammy Morgan stirs awake, realizing she’s tied up.