2) 0) text: Cole chews a fruit roll-up as he makes his way through th cluttered garage that dad always promises to clean and ne does. EXT. THE HOME’S CRAWL SPACE - DAY Cole’s MOM is under the crawl space beneath their house. small gate unscrewed and put off to the side. Cole hands her mouse traps, which he hears her setting.
3) 0) text: They are in a mall parking lot. It’s after hours, so completely empty. Cole is in the driver’s seat. DAD in the passenger.
3) 1) dialog: How them windows looking?
3) 3) dialog: Roger that. Radio distracting?
3) 5) dialog: Then it’s distracting. He turns it on. Looks for the perfect sound track for his son's driving lesson.
3) 6) dialog: Parking brake?
3) 8) dialog: Hands?
3) 10) dialog: Engage. 12. And Cole begins to drive around the empty lot. He loves i going all of twenty miles an hour.
3) 12) dialog: You waited until you started to drive to ask that question?
3) 14) dialog: At least drive us into JC Penney. It’s so much cheaper.
3) 16) dialog: I've created a monster. Multiple times over. And no, we’re not getting a divorce.
3) 18) dialog: (sighs) Marriage takes a lot of work. And sometimes routine can be... I don’t know. Your mom likes hotels. (MORE )
3) 20) dialog: You know what it is? Marriage is a fire and you gotta, ya know, keep it going. And sometimes the weather changes and you're like, aw crap, it’s raining! And you just gotta work harder so the fire doesn’t go out. Make sense? Cole shrugs. The answer is no.
3) 22) dialog: At the hotels? Oh. Huh. We go out to eat. Sometimes they have spas. Your mom likes musicals, so I pay my dues. (then) Besides, you get to hang out with Bee. I can’t wait until you're thirty and we can talk about how lucky you are. (then) Do kids make fun of you for still having a baby sitter?
3) 24) dialog: I’m sorry. You know, we don’t have to call her that-
3) 26) dialog: Hell yeah they do! Dad raises a hand for a high five. Cole lets go of the wh to hit it. The car swerves. Dad grabs the wheel in a panic. They laugh. It’s a good night. INT. PARENT’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Cole walks into his parent’s room to find them watching T Mom is working on bills. Dad is watching. 14. They’re not really connected.
3) 30) dialog: Nah, it’s not dirty. It’s just dense. It would go over your head. We'll rewatch it together in a few years.
5) 2) dialog: Oh my Goddddd.
5) 4) dialog: We said we were gonna leave at five, didn’t we?
5) 6) dialog: It’s almost five thirty. This is the problem! in. Sees Dad's WIF face.
5) 8) dialog: Five thirty!
5) 10) dialog: We were supposed to leave at five! and heads
5) 12) dialog: Five!
5) 21) dialog: It’s a surprise!
5) 23) dialog: Oh. Well, there will be more surprises! 18.
5) 28) dialog: Remember son, you’re the man of the house. Protect her from all enemies.
10) 0) text: Cole runs inside- Smacks the garage door opener- But instead of running outside he slides under his dad’s He’s small, so he makes it under there before- MAX explodes into the garage and- Seeing the garage door almost fully opened- Assumes Cole went that way and- Runs out of the garage. Cole remains motionless for a second before- Quietly- Slowly- Crawling off the ground. He gets to his feet and comes face to face with- SAMUEL. Dead eyes and blood stained head. Cole almost screams but stops himself. He stares at this poor, nerdy kid. It kills him. He tears himself away and- Surveys the garage quickly. What is here that he can use. He looks in cabinets and boxes for anything. A large can of BUGSPRAY. Squeezes that into his back pocket. A LIGHTER. He flicks it a few times to see if it works. Eventually, a flame! Pockets it. An old BLANKET. Wraps it around his shoulders. His Dad’s POWERDRILL. Wields it heroically. 58. And finally, he sees something that makes the twelve year very, very excited because of how very, very wrong this i An OLD FIREWORK. He digs it out of a box carefully. Holds it like a precious Indiana Jones artefact.
14) 89) text: Strong, powerful and brave as fuck- Cole Johnson runs around his house- Towards the front yard- And when he gets there- He doesn’t go back into his house. He pulls out the keys to Melanie’s Dumb Dad’s Dumb SUV. AND UNLOCKS THAT SHIT. Gets inside. And slams that fucker closed. INT. MELANIE’S DUMB DAD’S DUMB SUV - NIGHT With the head lights off, Cole slowly reverses out of the drive way- Straight back up the street. He does his best to angle the front of the car so it’s directly facing his house. He sees Bee inside. Putting out the blazing book desperately. Cole closes his eyes- Takes a deep breath- And does his best to not let on how fucking terrified he HIS BEST IS MORE THAN GOOD ENOUGH. He opens his eyes: CLEAR EYES. He exhales: FULL HEARTS. He grips the wheel: CAN’T LOSE. He SLAMS his foot on the gas. SCREAMS as the car surges towards the house as-— Bee looks up. Sees the car flying towards her. 82. Sighs. The car SMASHES through the front of the house in a storm glass and rubble. The airbag HITS Cole full on as- Bee goes flying as the SUV tears through the room- Before coming to a stop. Debris falls from the ceiling as- Cole coughs. His whole body hurts. He pushes the airbag away and tries to look out the windo It’s hard to see anything. Gingerly, he opens the door and falls out of the SUV.