8) 0) text: Cole gets down to his hands and knees and peers over the second floor balcony- Where he sees THEM sitting in a circle in the living room There are SIX of them, including BEE. MAX. The Man. Dreadlocks. Football. Fast Five. ALLISON. Pixie. School paper. Network. JOHN THE BAPTIST. Preacher kid. White boy. Chariots of Fi SONYA. Peppy. Cheerleader. Beauty and the Beast (not the Disney one, the French one, you know with oh nevermind). And finally: SAMUEL. The Nerd. Doesn’t fit in. Especially with these g Which is weird, considering Cole's pretty sure this is th guy Bee had her head resting on earlier. Upstream Color. The entire living room floor is covered in PLASTIC WRAP. The group sit around, passing a bottle of liquor and and generally being teenagers. A bottle sits in the middle of them. And naturally- That bottle is spinning. It points at MAX (0000000000h) -
8) 5) dialog: You didn’t even have to think for that! This is all the most fascinating thing that Cole has seen. The bottle gets spun again and- Lands on BEE.
8) 26) dialog: I think he did.
8) 30) dialog: Gasdfgasdfg
8) 34) dialog: Allison, what are you even doing? I forgot you were here.
8) 36) dialog: With what?
8) 38) dialog: Well clever you, get me a paper towel and wipe sacrificed Samuel out of my darn eye. Allison gets up to get the paper towels-—
8) 48) dialog: What language is that?
9) 2) dialog: That's your first question?
9) 46) dialog: 
9) 66) dialog: That's... actually a solid answer. They look to Bee. Bee looks
9) 97) dialog: Should we call an ambulance?
9) 102) text: As Cole launches himself from the ground- For the stairs- It takes the group a minute to realize as he- Leaps over the dead cops-— Crashing onto the stairs. The group freak out- John’s first off the mark- Sprinting to catch up- But Cole is already scrambling up the stairs. He spots John coming after him. Closing- Knows he can’t make it too far before he’s caught-— Cole reaches the tops of the stairs-— Turns right and- Stops— Turns-— John’s almost at the top of the steps when-
14) 89) text: Strong, powerful and brave as fuck- Cole Johnson runs around his house- Towards the front yard- And when he gets there- He doesn’t go back into his house. He pulls out the keys to Melanie’s Dumb Dad’s Dumb SUV. AND UNLOCKS THAT SHIT. Gets inside. And slams that fucker closed. INT. MELANIE’S DUMB DAD’S DUMB SUV - NIGHT With the head lights off, Cole slowly reverses out of the drive way- Straight back up the street. He does his best to angle the front of the car so it’s directly facing his house. He sees Bee inside. Putting out the blazing book desperately. Cole closes his eyes- Takes a deep breath- And does his best to not let on how fucking terrified he HIS BEST IS MORE THAN GOOD ENOUGH. He opens his eyes: CLEAR EYES. He exhales: FULL HEARTS. He grips the wheel: CAN’T LOSE. He SLAMS his foot on the gas. SCREAMS as the car surges towards the house as-— Bee looks up. Sees the car flying towards her. 82. Sighs. The car SMASHES through the front of the house in a storm glass and rubble. The airbag HITS Cole full on as- Bee goes flying as the SUV tears through the room- Before coming to a stop. Debris falls from the ceiling as- Cole coughs. His whole body hurts. He pushes the airbag away and tries to look out the windo It’s hard to see anything. Gingerly, he opens the door and falls out of the SUV.