8) 0) text: Cole gets down to his hands and knees and peers over the second floor balcony- Where he sees THEM sitting in a circle in the living room There are SIX of them, including BEE. MAX. The Man. Dreadlocks. Football. Fast Five. ALLISON. Pixie. School paper. Network. JOHN THE BAPTIST. Preacher kid. White boy. Chariots of Fi SONYA. Peppy. Cheerleader. Beauty and the Beast (not the Disney one, the French one, you know with oh nevermind). And finally: SAMUEL. The Nerd. Doesn’t fit in. Especially with these g Which is weird, considering Cole's pretty sure this is th guy Bee had her head resting on earlier. Upstream Color. The entire living room floor is covered in PLASTIC WRAP. The group sit around, passing a bottle of liquor and and generally being teenagers. A bottle sits in the middle of them. And naturally- That bottle is spinning. It points at MAX (0000000000h) -
8) 2) dialog: Truth me.
8) 4) dialog: Sonya. 30. laughing The group laugh and cheer. Except for the nerdy kid, who kinda sits there awkwardly.
8) 6) dialog: Truth or dare. Bee stares straight at Samuel.
8) 8) dialog: Make out! Bee smiles, leans forward but- Poor Samuel stands up.
8) 10) dialog: Stop being a pussy Sam.
8) 25) dialog: Did he say porpoise? 34.
8) 27) dialog: (laughs ) That’s so shitty.
8) 31) dialog: Oh shit!
8) 43) dialog: No different than usual for you then.
8) 67) dialog: Oh man, Jules Verne! I read some of this shit!
8) 76) dialog: Ya know, there’s a faster way to get all that blood.
8) 78) dialog: They die?
9) 0) text: Cole wakes up. The situation is... well... totally fucked. He quickly discovers that he’s tied to a chair. His hands rope behind his back. The gang of high-schoolers all watch him. Including Bee. But Cole’s mostly focused on MAX. Because Max is pacing back and forth, stretching his arms front of him. Shirtless. So Cole asks the obvious.
9) 60) dialog: No?
10) 0) text: Cole runs inside- Smacks the garage door opener- But instead of running outside he slides under his dad’s He’s small, so he makes it under there before- MAX explodes into the garage and- Seeing the garage door almost fully opened- Assumes Cole went that way and- Runs out of the garage. Cole remains motionless for a second before- Quietly- Slowly- Crawling off the ground. He gets to his feet and comes face to face with- SAMUEL. Dead eyes and blood stained head. Cole almost screams but stops himself. He stares at this poor, nerdy kid. It kills him. He tears himself away and- Surveys the garage quickly. What is here that he can use. He looks in cabinets and boxes for anything. A large can of BUGSPRAY. Squeezes that into his back pocket. A LIGHTER. He flicks it a few times to see if it works. Eventually, a flame! Pockets it. An old BLANKET. Wraps it around his shoulders. His Dad’s POWERDRILL. Wields it heroically. 58. And finally, he sees something that makes the twelve year very, very excited because of how very, very wrong this i An OLD FIREWORK. He digs it out of a box carefully. Holds it like a precious Indiana Jones artefact.
12) 2) dialog: Dibs on the forest! Have fun, baby girl.
13) 8) dialog: Did you just lock Sonya under there and spray an entire can of bug poison in her face?
13) 10) dialog: I mean. I’m not even mad. That’s just so messed up. What was the loud banging sound?
13) 12) dialog: Oh shit! Oh shit! That’s horrible! And then he pulls the knife out of the back of his pants. (BTW, still shirtless.)
13) 13) dialog: So, you want like, a head start? Cole’s shoulders slump.
13) 15) dialog: Life’s not fair, dude.
13) 17) dialog: You just Auschwitzed our friend!
13) 19) dialog: Like, the gas chambers, from World War 2? Haven’t they taught you that shit ye- Cole CHUCKS THE BUG SPRAY at Max’s face- Clocking him dead in the forehead. 64.
13) 20) dialog: Son of a bitch! And by the time he’s done rubbing his head- Cole has already started sprinting towards the trees. Max grins and gives chase as if his college football care depended on it. It takes him barely three seconds to catch up to the twel year old. Cole knows he won’t make it- He sees the trees coming- Hears Max right behind him- And when Max stretches out his free hand to grab Cole- Cole DROPS like a bag of rocks. Wrapping his head in his arms and hitting the ground so- Max TRIPS over his body hard-