0) 8) text: Cole is waiting for the school bus beside MELANIE, anothe twelve year old. Also his neighbor. Also definitely not a potential love interest for Cole so whoever told you that is an idiot and a liar and loser an
0) 9) dialog: Did you know that only one baby was born on the Mayflower? How crazy is that shit. His name was, literally, Oceanus. He didn’t even have a nationality. He was a citizen of the sea, I guess.
0) 11) dialog: No one learns anything in class, Cole. That’s why we have the internet. A new SUV pulls up and Melanie waves to her ANNOYING DAD.
0) 12) dialog: We just got it. It’s pretty sweet. Has DVDs in the back, and like, a million horse power.
0) 14) dialog: Dad, can we give Cole a ride too? MELANIE’S ANNOYING DAD Cole, are your parents expecting you to take the bus?
0) 16) text: I didn’t even ask to- They start pulling away. Melanie waves bye and-
4) 0) text: Cole sits beside Melanie on the way to school.
4) 2) dialog: They are definitely having sex. But they probably have sex when you’re at home too.
4) 4) dialog: Hotels have TVs. Cole had never thought of this.
4) 6) dialog: Besides, I bet Bee has boys over at your place all the time. Doing it. This makes Cole much more uncomfortable than the previous topic.
4) 8) dialog: Dude, that’s what babysitters do! They put the kids down, sneak their boyfriends in. Doing it. I mean seriously, have you ever been awake after she’s fallen asleep. Cole thinks about this. The answer is NOPE.
4) 9) dialog: Did you hear that Jeremy told everyone that she threatened to cut his mom’s throat and force feed him her spleen? Cole is blank for a moment.
4) 11) dialog: I know, right!
7) 33) dialog: She's totally getting LAID. INT. COLE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Cole is facetiming with Melanie.
7) 35) dialog: You're such a little perv, watching people do it.
7) 37) dialog: Way to throw away the whiskey. They give that stuff to babies to knock them out.
7) 39) dialog: Then what was it?
7) 57) dialog: omfg orgieeeee Cole’s not sure what that word means. He tosses the phone the bed and creeps closer to the door to eavesdrop. The voices are still muffled. There are definitely boys. Cole creeps his door open just a touch. He can hear a lit better. Oddly, it sounds like everyone is walking on plastic.
7) 67) dialog: That's really disappointing! You should go down there! Film them! Cole scrunches up his face.
7) 69) dialog: Lol. Cole puts the phone in his pocket and goes back to the do He opens it a crack- They are back in the living room. So he sneaks out the door.
8) 61) dialog: WHAT’S GOING ON?!
8) 64) dialog: (silently, subtitled) WHAT’S GOING ON?! Cole doesn’t answer her. He looks out the window- It’s a long way down. FUCK. Cole looks up at Melanie. She moves her arm up and down: LADDER? 40. He looks around his room... And that’s when- Cole hears a bunch of FEET ON THE STAIRS. He looks at Melanie, waving her away from the window. He throws the curtains closed and- And dives on top of the bed. He roles over so he is facing the wall- Pulls the blanket over him so his jeans and shoes aren’t visible as- Bee, Max, Sonya and Allison enter the room. Again, they don’t particularly talk quietly.
13) 28) dialog: At her back door, waving him over. Cole waits for a moment- Looking at his house- Before he starts crawling soldier-style to her when- ANOTHER SHOT RINGS OUT.
13) 31) dialog: 
13) 34) dialog: 
13) 39) dialog: Cole! Cole turns and sees Melanie behind him. Shaking.
13) 40) dialog: You're really freaking me out.
13) 44) dialog: And... we... we can’t call the cops?
13) 46) dialog: Shit. (then) Should I get my dad? Cole sighs.
13) 48) dialog: That's true. I just.. do?
13) 50) dialog: Okay.
13) 52) dialog: Oh.
13) 54) dialog: When Cole sees a SHADOW come over the window. Cole grabs Melanie and pushes her down to the ground. We keep getting on the floor together- 68.
13) 57) dialog: 
13) 60) dialog: Do you think she can get in here?
13) 62) dialog: (silent, subtitled) We shoulda prayed. Cole nods. They wait. They hear very soft footsteps. One after the other. Coming deeper into Melanie’s home. They wait. Pressed against the island. Melanie looks to Cole for guidance. AND HE STEPS UP TO THE TASK. As the steps come closer on their left- Cole leads Melanie silently around the island- 69. Timed so when the intruder rounds the island, they are on side. Cole slowly, slowly, slowly peaks and- He can’t tell who it is- Because they’re walking towards them OH SHIT- Cole scrambles as quietly as he can, pushing Melanie the other direction. She crawls and he waits there, ready to spring and fight do something really stupid when- The legs beside him stop- Cole holds his breath- For what seems like forever. Until the figure turns- And goes back the way it came. Cole quickly grabs Melanie and- or They round the island until they are back where they star as- The figure walks down a hallway to investigate the rooms there.
13) 64) dialog: Now what? Cole looks out the back door.
13) 66) dialog: You were being shot at!
13) 68) dialog: Are you crazy?! Cole looks at her simply.
13) 71) dialog: Just because she’s a psychopath doesn’t mean women are evil.
13) 76) dialog: Let’s make out next time. This might be the scariest part of Cole’s night. He awkwardly nods and runs out the door. EXT. MELANIE’S HOUSE / COLE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS As he runs as fast as he can, he bangs on the side of Melanie’s house.
14) 89) text: Strong, powerful and brave as fuck- Cole Johnson runs around his house- Towards the front yard- And when he gets there- He doesn’t go back into his house. He pulls out the keys to Melanie’s Dumb Dad’s Dumb SUV. AND UNLOCKS THAT SHIT. Gets inside. And slams that fucker closed. INT. MELANIE’S DUMB DAD’S DUMB SUV - NIGHT With the head lights off, Cole slowly reverses out of the drive way- Straight back up the street. He does his best to angle the front of the car so it’s directly facing his house. He sees Bee inside. Putting out the blazing book desperately. Cole closes his eyes- Takes a deep breath- And does his best to not let on how fucking terrified he HIS BEST IS MORE THAN GOOD ENOUGH. He opens his eyes: CLEAR EYES. He exhales: FULL HEARTS. He grips the wheel: CAN’T LOSE. He SLAMS his foot on the gas. SCREAMS as the car surges towards the house as-— Bee looks up. Sees the car flying towards her. 82. Sighs. The car SMASHES through the front of the house in a storm glass and rubble. The airbag HITS Cole full on as- Bee goes flying as the SUV tears through the room- Before coming to a stop. Debris falls from the ceiling as- Cole coughs. His whole body hurts. He pushes the airbag away and tries to look out the windo It’s hard to see anything. Gingerly, he opens the door and falls out of the SUV.