8) 0) text: Cole gets down to his hands and knees and peers over the second floor balcony- Where he sees THEM sitting in a circle in the living room There are SIX of them, including BEE. MAX. The Man. Dreadlocks. Football. Fast Five. ALLISON. Pixie. School paper. Network. JOHN THE BAPTIST. Preacher kid. White boy. Chariots of Fi SONYA. Peppy. Cheerleader. Beauty and the Beast (not the Disney one, the French one, you know with oh nevermind). And finally: SAMUEL. The Nerd. Doesn’t fit in. Especially with these g Which is weird, considering Cole's pretty sure this is th guy Bee had her head resting on earlier. Upstream Color. The entire living room floor is covered in PLASTIC WRAP. The group sit around, passing a bottle of liquor and and generally being teenagers. A bottle sits in the middle of them. And naturally- That bottle is spinning. It points at MAX (0000000000h) -
8) 9) dialog: I’m, I’m sorry, this is kinda weird- ever Bee stands up too.
8) 11) dialog: I’m not! I just, it’s weird, with all you guys staring-
8) 13) dialog: Closing my eyes doesn’t mean they’re not here.
8) 15) dialog: Okay.
8) 24) dialog: ...I don’t wanna be a great porpoise- And with that said, his eyes fade out. And he dies, being held up by the knives sticking out of head, held by the last girl he’1l ever kiss. Cole's brain is exploding a million times a second.
10) 0) text: Cole runs inside- Smacks the garage door opener- But instead of running outside he slides under his dad’s He’s small, so he makes it under there before- MAX explodes into the garage and- Seeing the garage door almost fully opened- Assumes Cole went that way and- Runs out of the garage. Cole remains motionless for a second before- Quietly- Slowly- Crawling off the ground. He gets to his feet and comes face to face with- SAMUEL. Dead eyes and blood stained head. Cole almost screams but stops himself. He stares at this poor, nerdy kid. It kills him. He tears himself away and- Surveys the garage quickly. What is here that he can use. He looks in cabinets and boxes for anything. A large can of BUGSPRAY. Squeezes that into his back pocket. A LIGHTER. He flicks it a few times to see if it works. Eventually, a flame! Pockets it. An old BLANKET. Wraps it around his shoulders. His Dad’s POWERDRILL. Wields it heroically. 58. And finally, he sees something that makes the twelve year very, very excited because of how very, very wrong this i An OLD FIREWORK. He digs it out of a box carefully. Holds it like a precious Indiana Jones artefact.
14) 0) text: Enters the side door. Notices that Samuel is GONE. Cole is disgusted.