8) 0) text: Cole gets down to his hands and knees and peers over the second floor balcony- Where he sees THEM sitting in a circle in the living room There are SIX of them, including BEE. MAX. The Man. Dreadlocks. Football. Fast Five. ALLISON. Pixie. School paper. Network. JOHN THE BAPTIST. Preacher kid. White boy. Chariots of Fi SONYA. Peppy. Cheerleader. Beauty and the Beast (not the Disney one, the French one, you know with oh nevermind). And finally: SAMUEL. The Nerd. Doesn’t fit in. Especially with these g Which is weird, considering Cole's pretty sure this is th guy Bee had her head resting on earlier. Upstream Color. The entire living room floor is covered in PLASTIC WRAP. The group sit around, passing a bottle of liquor and and generally being teenagers. A bottle sits in the middle of them. And naturally- That bottle is spinning. It points at MAX (0000000000h) -
8) 22) dialog: (sings) Let it go-
8) 29) dialog: Ready ready. With a gross squelch, Bee pulls the knives from his head. His leg twitches as she does as- Blood slowly leaks out on Sonya’s side while- A small geyser shoots John in the face.
8) 44) dialog: Oh snap. The group laughs. Except Allison. And except Cole, who is literally trembling. And not part of their group. YET. 36.
8) 46) dialog: Is that really it?
8) 65) dialog: Ohmagod, this room is ADORABLE.
8) 74) dialog: Yup! She hands Bee a small box. Bee opens it and pulls out the container. And from that container- Pulls out the HOLY FUCKING SHIT IT’S A SYRINGE. Cole is doing his very, very, very best to not have a ful blown panic attack. And to keep pretending to be asleep. He tries not to tense up- But— It’s- Really- Fucking- Hard- Bee pets his head with her free hand. His eye closest to her is shut- But the other is freaking the hell out- It would leave his skull if it could. And then BEE-
8) 80) dialog: What about Samuel? Bee sighs, the way you sigh when someone’s being a fuckin idiot.
9) 3) dialog: How can you even ask that? Look at him! Max stretches out his arms so Cole can look at his chisel body.
9) 5) text: Give him a cookie. Cole looks at Bee. Her eyes burn into him. But he holds her gaze. Sonya walks towards him with some cookies. She holds front of his mouth.
9) 7) dialog: Eat the cookie.
9) 9) dialog: Now eat it.
9) 58) dialog: I love that he’s still cutting the rope.
12) 0) text: INSIDE with him. He shines his iphone light carefully so he avoids the MOU TRAPS his mother set earlier. He makes his way deeper inside while- He hears someone outside the crawl space. He reaches the back wall and quickly covers himself with blanket... And waits as- SONYA peers inside.
12) 1) dialog: Are you shitting me with this tomb raider crap?
12) 3) dialog: I hope you get impaled. And disemboweled. I hope both. Max laughs off screen, as Sonya begins crawling her way inside the crawl space. SONYA (CONT’D) You better not be in here, Cole. My manicure cost twenty bucks. But Cole does not answer. Instead, he waits. He watches through the thin blanket. Laying low to the gr when- A dark shadow passes over the blanket and as he focuses o he realizes... It’s a really, really big SPIDER. He freezes. This complicates things as Sonya crawls close and closer. It crawls down over his blanketed face slowly. 60. S-1l-o-w-l-y- Cole doesn’t breathe as Sonya gets closer. And closer. When she flashes her iPhone light towards him- All she sees is a big-ass spider crawling over an old blanket. She shivers. SONYA (CONT’D) This is such bullshit. She begins to try and turn herself around and- Trembling, Cole reaches back and- Pulls out the FIREWORK. He quietly pokes it out from underneath the blanket- Aiming it directly at her. The spider keeps crawling down the blanket- And then onto the firework. Cole regards this with twelve year old fascination. As he pulls out the lighter. Takes a deep breath and- Flick. Flick. Flick. SPARK. Sonya hears it. Turns her head back and sees the tiny flame of the lighte Grins.
12) 4) dialog: There you are! And the firework lights. She doesn’t realize what she’s looking at until- IT FIRES. 61.
12) 7) dialog: 
12) 10) dialog: 
13) 1) dialog: We're going to hang you upside down and watch your blood leak out of your eye sockets! Three screws! 62. Cole searches the ground for the fourth as Sonya is almos there-
13) 4) dialog: And then we’re gonna-