53) 0) text: Vivian comes out of the elevator and crosses the lobby. is back in her hooker clothes.  She leaves an envelope at front desk. MR. THOMAS, the prim, middle-aged hotel manager, steps ou his office.  He stares in surprise and displeasure as he Vivian exit out the front door.  Vivian doesn't notice th stares she gets from two well-dressed MIDDLE-AGED WOMEN w just entering.
57) 0) text: Vivian enters the lobby, upset, nervous and paranoid.  Sh an emptiness in her stomach at the sight of all the luxur around her.  She hurries toward the elevators. At the front desk, Mr. Thomas, once again spots her.  He the lobby and deftly cuts her off from the elevator.
57) 1) dialog: May I help you Miss? Vivian stops, practically shaking with terror.
57) 3) dialog: You're a guest here?
57) 5) dialog: And who is that?
57) 8) dialog: Do you know this young lady? The Operator nods.
57) 10) dialog: (surprised) Mr. Harris?
57) 12) dialog: Why don't you come with me.  We'll chat for just a moment. He takes Vivian gently but firmly by the arm and leads he
58) 0) text: In a richly furnished office, Mr. Thomas places Vivian in comfortable chair and then leans against the edge of his
58) 1) dialog: What's your name?
58) 3) dialog: Miss Vivian... things that go on in other hotels don't happen at the Regent Beverly Wilshire. Vivian says nothing. MR. THOMAS (cont'd) Mr. Harris, however, is a very special customer.  And we like to think of our special customers as friends.  As a customer, we would expect Mr. Harris to sign in any additional guests.  But as a friend, we're willing to overlook it, I'm assuming you're a... relative? Vivian finds herself nodding. MR. THOMAS (cont'd) I thought so.  You must be his...?
58) 5) dialog: Of course.  Naturally when Mr. Harris leaves, I won't see you in this hotel again. Vivian bites her lower lip, nods. MR. THOMAS (cont'd) Good.  We understand one another. (as a gentle afterthought:) I would also encourage you to dress in a more appropriate manner. Vivian's face screws up as she tries hard not to cry.
58) 7) dialog: (into the phone) Women's clothing. (beat) Bridget, please. Vivian is staring at him. MR. THOMAS (cont'd) Bridget, hello, this is Barnard Thomas over at the Regent Beverly Wilshire.  Well, thank you, that's flattering.  I'd like to ask a favor of you.  I'm going to send someone over.  Her name is Vivian. She's a guest of ours.  A very special guest. He glances at Vivian.  With those simple words, he'd made feel better. MR. THOMAS (cont'd) She's from out of town and she needs a little help in dressing. Perhaps you could help her out. Thank you very much.  She'll be right over. He sets the phone down and smiles patronizingly at Vivian MR. THOMAS (cont'd) There you are.  If you have any other problems, come ask for me personally.  I'm Mr. Thomas.
62) 0) text: Mr. Thomas is behind the desk.  He looks up.  Vivian is s there, a happy look on her face.  She holds up a garment
62) 2) dialog: (dryly) I rather hoped you'd be wearing it.
62) 4) dialog: That's all right.  I'm sure they're quite lovely.
62) 6) dialog: You're very welcome, Miss Vivian. She smiles at him.  He watches as Vivian turns and walks the elevator.  The provocative way her hips move just nat attracts the attention of a MALE PASSERBY.  And the white ELEVATOR MAN literally leaps to press the elevator button Vivian who rewards him with a happy smile.  Mr. Thomas si
66) 0) text: Mr. Thomas is still behind the desk, working when a soft startles him.
66) 2) dialog: What is it, Miss Vivian?
66) 4) dialog: It's a bit beyond my... range, shall we say.
66) 6) dialog: I think you'll find it normal enough.
66) 8) dialog: You'll like it fine.
66) 10) dialog: Just mind which fork you use. Vivian turns abruptly back, a horrified look on her face.
67) 3) dialog: In fifteen minutes I can teach you everything you need to know to dine with the Queen.  First, as you pick up the knife you shift your fork to the left hand.
67) 5) dialog: Either you're European or badly brought up.
67) 7) dialog: Actually, some of the richest people I know have the worst manners.  Of course, Mr. Harris, being of old money, knows his way around a table.  All right now, pay attention please.  Salad fork.
67) 9) dialog: They will serve salad.
67) 11) dialog: Then you use your soup spoon.
67) 13) dialog: (picking up the appropriate utensil) Then you would use your--
67) 15) dialog: Miss Vivian --
67) 17) dialog: Miss Vivian... there's a salon here in the hotel.  Instead of worrying unnecessarily about table manners, why don't you just have your hair done instead?
69) 1) dialog: Good evening, Mr. Harris. Edward looks at him blankly.
69) 2) dialog: Barnard Thomas, manager of the hotel.
69) 4) dialog: I have a message for you from your "niece", sir.
69) 6) dialog: The young lady staying in your room? Edward's eyes narrow.  He hangs up the phone.
69) 8) dialog: Mr. Harris, a guest of yours, is a guest of ours and shall be treated accordingly.  The young lady asked me to tell you that she is waiting for you in the lounge.
69) 10) dialog: Very intriguing young woman, Miss Vivian. His tone stops Edward in his tracks. MR. THOMAS (cont'd) Have a good evening, sir. And off he goes, leaving Edward to wonder what the hell transpired during the afternoon.
84) 0) text: Mr. Thomas looks up from the desk.  And stares.  Vivian a BELLHOP stroll through the hotel entrance and across the lobby to the elevator.  The bellhop's arms are packed wit and shopping bags.  Mr. Thomas can't help it.  He smiles himself.
111) 1) dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Harris.
137) 0) text: Mr. Thomas is standing behind the front desk, a rather st expression on his face.
137) 1) dialog: Barnard Thomas here.  Miss Vivian, I wonder if you might come down to the front desk.  There's someone here to see you.
137) 3) dialog: I'd send them up, but sadly, I don't trust the young lady to find you on her own. A hand reaches out and wrenches the phone away from Mr. T Kit, heavy make-up, skimpy outfit, chewing gum, cigarette all, keeps her voice just below a bellow.
145) 5) dialog: (looking up) Miss Vivian.
145) 7) dialog: Mr. Harris doesn't check out until tomorrow.
145) 9) dialog: You're not accompanying him to New York?
145) 11) dialog: Certain ladies make that very easy... Vivian. (turning to the desk clerk) John, call a limousine for our guest, please.  Have it take her anywhere she wishes to go.  Bill the hotel. (turning back to Vivian) See you again sometime soon. Vivian smiles softly at him.  She turns and walks for the