0) 1) text: The rear door opens, and CYRUS KRITICOS, 50s, wealthy, immaculately dressed, not a hair out of place, steps out. His hand rests on a shiny, silver-headed cane. He surveys the flares, shakes his head.
0) 2) dialog: Their little crusade is wearing thin.
0) 4) dialog: As cancer... (lights his cigarette) Never bet against human nature, Dennis. You'll always lose. Behind him, Rafkin suddenly lurches forward, racked by spasms. Cyrus turns, with slight concern --
0) 5) dialog: Is it bad tonight?
0) 10) dialog: (ignoring Rafkin, re: flares) Noted. Clean this place up, and locate our guests. Cyrus snaps his fingers. An ASSISTANT steps forward with a large photo. When Cyrus turns around, he catches Rafkin gulping down prescription drugs. Cyrus strikes the bottle out of Rafkin's hand with his cane. Pink medicine runs down Rafkin's face as he turns with rage.
0) 12) dialog: You know the routine. First things first. Now where is he? Cyrus holds it in the limo headlights; an aerial photo of the graveyard. Rafkin, closing his eyes, reaches out towards the photo with one hand, then touches the earth with the other. A silent moment.
0) 13) dialog: Where? Then a huge spark arcs between the psychic and the ground. Rafkin jolts back, as if shocked.
0) 15) dialog: Twenty when he was alive. He's added a few more since then. Now where's the Breaker, Dennis? Rafkin ignores the photo, and points at a spot deep inside the auto graveyard. Cyrus grabs a headset from the Assistant.
0) 16) dialog: (into microphone) All teams go to alpha. I repeat!-- THIRTEEN GHOSTS - Rev. 10/27/00 4.
1) 0) text: Teams of men pile out of the vehicles. The back of the semi is opened, revealing racks of remote-operated amplifiers. Others unload inch-thick, eight-foot-square sheets of glass, rimmed with aluminum pipe, and inscribed with ancient text. The glass sheets are assembled to form a large cube. Arrays of flood lamps illuminate the canyons of the wrecking yard in stark white. One side of the cube remains open... allowing entry and -- ready to come down in theory, and close the improvised "mousetrap." Rafkin walks up behind Cyrus, still massaging his temples.
1) 2) dialog: It's simply folklore at work. The local color exorcising its demons... Just then, a hideous HOWL ECHOES through the night -- part human, part God-knows-what. Everyone stops. Rafkin swallows hard. Tosses away the empty prescription drugs bottle, then opens an extra-large jar of aspirin, pops a few into his mouth, crunches them like mints.
1) 3) dialog: «++. Or maybe it's because he broke his victims into as many pieces as possible. (exhaling smoke) Who's to say...?
1) 7) dialog: I hate being rushed.
1) 9) dialog: These men are well paid. That's all they need to know.
1) 11) dialog: Then I'll match their price... and yours.
1) 13) dialog: You'd be surprised... now get to work. This takes Rafkin by surprise. He turns, taking a step towards Cyrus. Cyrus backs up, his cane instantly at Rafkin's chest, keeping him distant. Rafkin becomes suspicious.
1) 15) dialog: Careful, Dennis, curiosity killed the cat.
1) 21) dialog: Damon Quinteros and Kalina Oretzia. Every time I hunt must I scrape you off the bottom of my shoes?
1) 23) dialog: Why don't you guys go join Greenpeace or throw blood on the old ladies' fur coats, for Christ's sake... we have business.
1) 25) dialog: Playing's for children. I'm going to be God.
1) 28) dialog: Get them out of my sight. We've wasted enough time as it is. The team straps Damon and Kalina to some car wreckage.
1) 30) dialog: Excellent... set up the transmitters. Cyrus turns away from them as he slips on a pair of ghost glasses. The rest of the team around the graveyard do so as well. (CONTINUED )
1) 34) dialog: Yes, and then one more. I thought you were psychic.
2) 1) dialog: We haven't got the time to argue... (into microphone) Now bring in the bait! Nearby, a silver tanker rolls into the canyon of cars.
2) 3) dialog: 
2) 4) dialog: (into mike) Insurance. I can't afford to lose this one.
3) 0) text: A TEAM MEMBER opens the truck's valve: Huge streams of blood gush out from both sides, via two nozzles, flooding the area around the cube. Rafkin's jaw drops. ON Cyrus, smiling.
3) 1) dialog: Power up the cube! Somewhere a switch is thrown and the cube lights up. The symbols etched on its surfaces glow a brilliant green. (CONTINUED )
3) 4) dialog: (into mike) Base. Start transmitting.
3) 6) dialog: (into mike) Just start the transmission!
6) 0) text: Somewhere near Cyrus there's an angry HOWL. Cyrus turns and looks out over the auto graveyard, smiling.
6) 1) dialog: (under his breath) Come out, come out, wherever you are... (CONTINUED )
9) 5) dialog: (on headset) Calm down.
9) 7) dialog: (on headset) History has no time for cowards, Mr. Rafkin.
13) 0) text: Rafkin rounds a pile of cars, and sees... Kalina, on the ground, holding a dying Damon in her arms. His throat has been slit, and Kalina holds her hand over the gash, trying to keep him from dying. But it's no use... he dies. Kalina sobs. Rafkin's in awe, perhaps ashamed. Rafkin turns nervously away. And there, he sees Cyrus's Assistant lying, dead, bloody and broken. And beyond him, lies Cyrus himself. Cyrus's neck has been pierced by a long, metal shard. His eyes stare, cold and dead. Rafkin brings his hands to his head, distraught, almost weepy. (CONTINUED )
16) 14) dialog: (on computer ) Arthur. Good to talk to you. Ben tilts the screen forward. Cyrus comes clearly into view. He smokes one of his thin brown cigarettes.
16) 15) dialog: (on computer ) Sadly, if you're watching me now, that means I am no longer among the living. Happily, that makes you and your family my sole beneficiaries. The family members look at one another with anticipation.
16) 16) dialog: (on computer ) I've instructed my lawyer, Mr. Moss, to deliver to you the essentials of my last will and testament. Ben produces a small box, lays it on the table, opens it. Inside the silk-lined interior is a large, odd-looking key.
16) 19) dialog: (on computer ) A key to your new house. A series of windows on the computer screen open to reveal a series of photos of an astonishing modernist masterpiece. We see the interiors. Living room, bedrooms, kitchen, bathrooms. Everyone at the table gasps.
16) 21) dialog: (on computer ) This house is the fruit of my life's work. It's a one-of-a-kind home. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
16) 26) dialog: (then) I've led an interesting life, seen many amazing things. The only regret I have is that I never really got to know my nephew Arthur. This house is my attempt to make up for that. Enjoy. Perhaps we will meet again in another life. Cyrus smiles. The screen goes blank. Arthur can't believe his eyes. Nor his good fortune.
81) 0) text: releasing Another HOWL ECHOES through the room. Cyrus and Kalina watch as the 12TH SIGN lines up and CLICKS into place... the Breaker. Kalina turns to him pissed.
81) 2) dialog: But you did bring me Damon's spells, right? Kalina removes the book from her bag. She tears the leather covering off the back of the book, and inside is a thin reel of audio tape. (CONTINUED )
81) 6) dialog: Don't you worry, Kalina, you'll get everything you deserve. Cyrus places a reel-to-reel machine on the table.
83) 0) text: Cyrus is setting up a reel-to-reel machine. Kalina's beside him. (CONTINUED )
83) 4) dialog: Then let's give them to him... (tosses her some rope) Go tie them up.
83) 6) dialog: Why not? You know as well as I do that human lives are the price of human achievement. How many lives went into the construction of the Pyramids? Or the Great Wall of China? Or the space program? It's Darwinism at its finest. (beat) Now step aside... I need to finish setting this up. And you need to do your job... Kalina walks out of the room with the rope, and Cyrus finishes threading the reel-to-reel machine with the audio tape. Then he flips a switch...
85) 0) text: Cyrus finishes setting up the REEL-TO-REEL, then he switches ON the MACHINE. (CONTINUED )
85) 3) dialog: Time to finish this... CuT TO:
88) 0) text: Cyrus steps over Maggie's body, heads to the door.
88) 1) dialog: The final configuration's starting... gather your things, let's go... Kalina picks up her knapsack. Then abruptly, she hears a HISS, turns -- Cyrus has stepped through an open doorway on the neighboring wall, and that DOOR has just snapped shut. (CONTINUED )
88) 6) dialog: Good-bye, my dear... thanks for all your help. Maybe we'll see each other again on the other side. He smiles, hits another switch. The walls surrounding Kalina begin closing in on her.
90) 0) text: Arthur notices Cyrus's ghost standing at the end of the corridor, a spectator to the deadly game. He's taken aback by the old man's presence, finally recognizing him.
92) 0) text: Arthur looks back into the hallway. There still stands Cyrus's ghost. Arthur slowly takes off his glasses. Cyrus is still standing there.
92) 5) dialog: Well, well... it's nice to see you have some of the family blood in you after all. The two men go at it. Arthur's fighting for his life. He's like a wild man, throwing everything he's got, hitting Cyrus everywhere. In the face, the body...
92) 7) dialog: How dare you stand in the way of history, Arthur! You are nothing, you hear me. Nothing! I dedicated my entire life to this. Every goddamn day. When have you ever shown that kind of dedication? Huh? To anything?! He kicks Arthur repeatedly, like a sick mind kicking a dog to death.
92) 8) dialog: You make me sick.
93) 0) text: Arthur regains himself... when Cyrus appears over him.
93) 1) dialog: (out of breath) The world hasn't time for small people, Arthur. People like you, or Dennis. Or Kalina. It needs those who are willing to do anything, without question, for what they believe in.
93) 3) dialog: I'm sorry, Arthur. Unlike Jean, you haven't got a choice this time. Now make the sacrifice. Or your. Children. Will. Die. The CHANTING sound suddenly ENDS. Silence. Cyrus looks around in shock and confusion. As does Arthur. That's when he sees Bobby's scooter come rolling behind Cyrus from the other side of the corridor. (CONTINUED )
93) 8) dialog: just as he comes to on the floor. He looks up and there's nothing there. Arthur puts on his glasses and sees 12 very deadly ghosts standing around Cyrus. The ghosts of the house reach down and grab Cyrus --
93) 9) dialog: Get away!! No!!!! Arthur watches as the ghosts tear into Cyrus. It'sa feeding frenzy. The last one in to tear in is the Breaker. Cyrus suffers a horrible ending.
93) 10) dialog: Let me go! Noo!!!
94) 0) text: Cyrus is borne into the hall on the shoulders of the ghosts he enslaved. (CONTINUED )
94) 6) text: The ghosts lift Cyrus above their heads, all bloody and broken bones, bleeding and mangled... and throw him into the spinning gears of the Ocularis. (CONTINUED )