1) 16) dialog: Son-of-a-bitch! They both turn to see four team members dragging an attractive man and woman, DAMON QUINTEROS and KALINA ORETZIA, over to Cyrus. Damon's a handsome chap with a righteous fire in his eyes. Kalina, his lover, is equally fiery, late 20s, tough and sexy. She cradles in her arms an ancient book.
1) 17) dialog: How can you possibly justify what you're doing, Cyrus? It's out and out slavery. (CONTINUED )
1) 26) dialog: You'll never pull it off! Not without the right spells. That and the thirteenth ghost! Rafkin turns, alarmed.
6) 7) dialog: Dennis, listen! He's not telling you the whole story! His spells won't work with this one. They're not strong enough. Trust me on this... I know... Trust me.
13) 0) text: Rafkin rounds a pile of cars, and sees... Kalina, on the ground, holding a dying Damon in her arms. His throat has been slit, and Kalina holds her hand over the gash, trying to keep him from dying. But it's no use... he dies. Kalina sobs. Rafkin's in awe, perhaps ashamed. Rafkin turns nervously away. And there, he sees Cyrus's Assistant lying, dead, bloody and broken. And beyond him, lies Cyrus himself. Cyrus's neck has been pierced by a long, metal shard. His eyes stare, cold and dead. Rafkin brings his hands to his head, distraught, almost weepy. (CONTINUED )
17) 0) text: PAN AROUND the cluttered closed office at newspaper clippings hanging on the wall. Black and white photos of newly dug up graves. Autopsy pictures of about a dozen deceased individuals, articles underneath each picture describing their deaths. It's a gruesome, graphic, reportage of things we'd rather not think about. The first is a suicide victim, found with her wrists slashed in her bathtub. Another's an archery accident involving a little boy. The list goes on and_= on, ending with a serial killer, one Frank Mahoney, a.k.a. the Breaker. CONTINUE PANNING past books on the Occult, and Damon's PHd degree in Parapsychology. We LAND ON Kalina herself, stuffing her worn satchel. A lamp illuminates an ancient book in front of her with handwritten notes and drawings inside. She closes the book and stuffs it in her satchel. (CONTINUED )