1) 22) dialog: These aren't animals you're trapping! They're human beings!
1) 24) dialog: (to Cyrus) Bastard! Who are you to play God?!
6) 8) dialog: Listen to him, Dennis. He knows what he's talking about.
12) 6) dialog: (screaming, desperate) Help! Somebody, please! Oh God!
13) 0) text: Rafkin rounds a pile of cars, and sees... Kalina, on the ground, holding a dying Damon in her arms. His throat has been slit, and Kalina holds her hand over the gash, trying to keep him from dying. But it's no use... he dies. Kalina sobs. Rafkin's in awe, perhaps ashamed. Rafkin turns nervously away. And there, he sees Cyrus's Assistant lying, dead, bloody and broken. And beyond him, lies Cyrus himself. Cyrus's neck has been pierced by a long, metal shard. His eyes stare, cold and dead. Rafkin brings his hands to his head, distraught, almost weepy. (CONTINUED )
13) 4) dialog: Was it worth it? Huh? Playing God! Was it...? OFF Rafkin's shell-shocked look, we PAN OVER to see the ghost of one of the techs, ripped apart and bloody, studying the scene.
17) 0) text: PAN AROUND the cluttered closed office at newspaper clippings hanging on the wall. Black and white photos of newly dug up graves. Autopsy pictures of about a dozen deceased individuals, articles underneath each picture describing their deaths. It's a gruesome, graphic, reportage of things we'd rather not think about. The first is a suicide victim, found with her wrists slashed in her bathtub. Another's an archery accident involving a little boy. The list goes on and_= on, ending with a serial killer, one Frank Mahoney, a.k.a. the Breaker. CONTINUE PANNING past books on the Occult, and Damon's PHd degree in Parapsychology. We LAND ON Kalina herself, stuffing her worn satchel. A lamp illuminates an ancient book in front of her with handwritten notes and drawings inside. She closes the book and stuffs it in her satchel. (CONTINUED )
55) 0) text: Behind Kathy and Arthur, and elsewhere near Rafkin and Kalina three more doors slide open, unnoticed. CuT TO:
61) 2) dialog: What?
62) 20) dialog: Pull!! Together, the two pull Kathy down the hall, away from the Jackal. The Jackal regains his wits and attacks. It's a race now.
62) 21) dialog: Run, goddammit!!! Arthur and Kalina drag Kathy down the hall, trying to outrun the Jackal.
64) 1) dialog: Kalina is helping Arthur tear up strips of cloth to bind Kathy's wounds.
64) 2) dialog: Kalina Oretzia. I'm in the spirit reclamation business.
64) 4) dialog: I free trapped souls. Your Uncle --
64) 6) dialog: Looks like I'm saving your ass.
64) 11) dialog: Another one of your uncle's victims.
64) 13) dialog: Yeah, your uncle had a nasty habit of enslaving souls. That's why I'm here. It doesn't matter whether they're dead or not, they're still people. Kathy looks up, bloody, trembling, angry, like this woman's crazy.
64) 15) dialog: I eased in through an opening when the house shifted. Kathy looks to her father with hope.
64) 16) dialog: Don't get your hopes up. It's closed now, and it's not gonna happen again.
64) 18) dialog: Here... Kalina pulls out a huge ancient book from her satchel. (CONTINUED )
64) 21) dialog: The Arcanum. It belonged to my fiance. He and your uncle had the only two known copies in the world. Kalina flips through the book.
64) 22) dialog: It was penned in the fifteenth century by an astrologer named Basileus. In it he describes the building of a certain device. One that can see into the future, As legend has it, it was described to him while under demonic possession. (beat) Needless to say, his book didn't make the Best Seller's List. After reading it, the church burned him at the stake. His writings, however, survived. (looking around) I just can't believe he built it...
64) 24) dialog: Basileus' device. The Eye of Hell. (beat) You're standing in the middle of a machine designed by the Devil... CuT TO:
66) 1) dialog: Arthur addresses Kalina as Kathy looks on.
66) 3) dialog: Possibly -- (CONTINUED )
66) 7) dialog: Alright, I'll help you get out but you, in turn, have to help me. I came here to free those trapped by your uncle. Tonight. You want out? You have to help me, too.
66) 9) dialog: Yeah. I could free us all. Here. Now. Kalina opens her bag, exposing sticks of dynamite. Arthur swallows hard. This wasn't the option he had in mind.
66) 13) dialog: C'mon, we gotta get out of here.
66) 15) dialog: Try telling him that. (CONTINUED )
72) 0) text: Arthur and Kalina are in front of the blocked-off staircase. Kalina's flipping through her book, studying the map of the house. Arthur keeps lookout for anything out of the ordinary.
72) 2) dialog: Not yet. Arthur turns back around... and now, at the end of the hallway is -- the Jackal.
72) 4) dialog: I'm hurrying. But when he looks back, it's gone...
72) 9) dialog: Show. A little. Backbone. No matter how much I hated your uncle, he always managed some. The words sting Arthur, and for the first time he knows it's always been a problem. Kalina's still rifling through her book.
72) 10) dialog: If I can just pinpoint where things have moved to... Arthur peers around the corner, and the Jackal's back. Closer.
72) 12) dialog: Light it. It's quicksilver. Arthur IGNITES the FLARE.
72) 13) dialog: The burning metal disrupts its spiritual energy and buys us time.
72) 15) dialog: Three.
72) 19) dialog: I didn't plan on giving a tour of the place. (finds what she's looking for in book) Here it is... The book is opened to one of the layouts. A red square is indicated in one of the "blocks." (CONTINUED )
72) 22) dialog: We gotta get to the library. It has spell protection all around it.
72) 24) dialog: Above us, to the right. Kalina notices the glass blocks above them in the ceiling. Arthur sees where she's going with this, and we... CuT TO:
74) 0) text: Kalina's legs disappear through the ceiling. Arthur, holding out the flare, scans the basement around him. The figures still remain at bay. That's when the flare burns out. Arthur shakes it once, twice, then, knowing it's out for good, stands alone, helpless in the single patch of light coming from the ceiling. He looks to his left and sees the crab-like creature scurrying down the corridor. From the other direction comes a large silhouette (which is the Hammer).
75) 1) dialog: Kalina notices the two of them. Rafkin recognizes her. She recognizes him.
75) 3) dialog: I should ask you the same question. Heretic.
75) 6) dialog: Oh, shit! Pull him up! Pull him up!! Rafkin reaches his hand into the hole, and Arthur grabs it. They pull him up through the hole... just as the Hammer swings. An EXPLOSION of SPARKS ERUPTS in the basement. (CONTINUED )
75) 10) dialog: Alright, at the end of the hall, make a right... then another right... then --
75) 12) dialog: The library. It's the safest place in the house, the walls are surrounded entirely with spells.
75) 14) dialog: Trust me.
75) 18) dialog: Alright, let's move. Kalina IGNITES another FLARE, and guides them down the corridors.
76) 2) dialog: We should be safe in here... Arthur lands on the couch, in pain. Maggie's by his side. Rafkin bangs on the glass, pissed.
76) 4) dialog: They don't seem to like you either... Kalina takes a seat at the desk, begins reading through her book.
76) 5) dialog: .-. I wonder why.
76) 10) dialog: Alright... let's start with... this is all your fault! If you hadn't caught them, we wouldn't be running from them now, would we?
76) 12) dialog: But you helped him. How could you help him without knowing what he was up to?
76) 14) dialog: You stole people's souls for money. How depraved is that?
76) 17) dialog: He didn't accept you. He used you. Rafkin looks away, ashamed.
76) 21) dialog: You didn't tell him, did you? Rafkin lowers his head.
76) 23) dialog: About the fourth ghost?
76) 25) dialog: He has a right to know.
76) 27) dialog: Let me help you out... St. Luke's Hospital, six months ago. The realization hits Arthur hard. He turns to Rafkin.
76) 37) dialog: There is a way to save her, Arthur. And your kids, too. Arthur stops pacing. Turns to her --
76) 38) dialog: This house... it isn't a house, it's a machine. It's a complete recreation of Basileus' design. (reading from the book) According to this, there should only be twelve earthbound spirits trapped inside here. Arthur walks over and she shows him the book.
76) 39) dialog: (re: book) You see these? They're the Black Zodiac. They represent the different ghosts that Cyrus needed to catch. (reading) The Withered Lover, the First Born Son, the Torn Prince. And here... the Bound Lady, the Great Child and the Dire Mother... the Suicide, the Torso, and the Buried Maiden... then there's the three death signs, the sign of Hell's Winter... the Hammer, the Hyena, and the Juggernaut... As Kalina counts through the ghosts of Arthur, forever the math teacher, instinctively counts them off on his fingers. Kalina flips through a few more pages.
76) 40) dialog: According to Basileus, this machine requires the energy of these specific spirits in order to bring it to life. Once engaged, the spirits are freed one by one, each adding its energy to the machine... powering it up. (CONTINUED )
76) 44) dialog: To open the Ocularis Infernum.
76) 51) dialog: In Hell, there's an eye that sees the whole world. Past and future, heaven and earth, the blessed and the damned. If knowledge is power, then the man who controls the Ocularis would be the most powerful man on earth. Your uncle was planning to become God. A beat passes...
76) 53) dialog: Eleven.
76) 58) dialog: It's a fail safe. Yes. In order to stop the process. The house needs a sacrifice of life, instead of death. (beat) A willing... human... sacrifice. The sacrifice of the Broken Heart. All eyes turn on Arthur.
76) 60) dialog: Exactly. The thirteenth spirit stands before the eye as the final configuration culminates. As the eye opens, the spirit uses the power of life to, essentially, short circuit the system.
76) 62) dialog: By leaping into the eye.
76) 68) dialog: We can try it the old-fashioned way... but nobody's going to be able to brag about it later. She opens her bag. Shows Maggie and Rafkin the dynamite. A long beat passes...
76) 69) dialog: Whatever we decide, we have to come up with a game plan soon. Time's running out. Rafkin takes a seat next to Arthur on the couch. Kalina's out of earshot, working out their plan. Arthur thinking, while fidgeting with Rafkin's Power and Light tool belt, left there from before.
76) 90) dialog: I got enough dynamite here to blow this place back to the Fifteenth Century if that's the question? (CONTINUED )
76) 94) dialog: One. Why?
76) 99) dialog: You have about ten minutes before the last ghost is released and the ectoplasmic shit hits the cosmic fan. Arthur nods. Maggie and Arthur share a last look, then follow Rafkin out the door of the library.
78) 0) text: After flashing a flare before them, Kalina and Maggie drop through the ceiling, back into the basement. They make their way through the glass hallway, coming to a door. As Kalina approaches it, she stumbled across Ben's sliced corpse. Maggie gasps at the remains.
78) 2) dialog: Hold the flare still. I'm almost there. Kalina reaches around the doorway, clicks the door open.
79) 4) dialog: I'm working on it! Kalina's following the manual. She studies the different levers and what each does. Maggie turns and comes face-to-face with Cyrus's ghost. She jumps, then quickly jabs the flare at him. But to her surprise, he doesn't react... Instead, he takes a step towards her. She tries to ward him off again with the flare... but he takes another step.
81) 0) text: releasing Another HOWL ECHOES through the room. Cyrus and Kalina watch as the 12TH SIGN lines up and CLICKS into place... the Breaker. Kalina turns to him pissed.
81) 1) dialog: You know, it's one thing for me to have spent all that time with that idiot Damon, kill him, and then steal his spells -- now I gotta babysit your stupid nephew so he doesn't get himself killed before you need him. Enough is enough, Cyrus.
81) 5) dialog: I got your spells. But a deal's a deal, remember, we share everything... fifty-fifty. Cyrus snatches it from her, holds it up to the light, and examines it. Smiles when he realizes they're authentic.
83) 0) text: Cyrus is setting up a reel-to-reel machine. Kalina's beside him. (CONTINUED )
83) 3) dialog: So, what're you gonna do now? Your nephew believes the sacrifice is gonna stop this thing, but you'll never get him to jump into the eye, not until he finds his kids.
83) 5) dialog: Cyrus, I can't...
88) 4) dialog: Cyrus? Cyrus presses a stud. There's another HISS. Kalina turns pale. The door separating her from the fallen Maggie has just slid aside. She turns to Cyrus --
88) 5) dialog: Cyrus! Stop screwing around! Let me outta here!
88) 7) dialog: Motherfu -- She kicks the glass! Tries holding it back, no use. It keeps coming. Panic starts to set in. The glass moves in closer. Finally pinning her.
88) 8) dialog: Oh, God... no... please... Her face is pressed up against the glass, her breasts flattened. Her eyes go wide. She starts to scream and scream... We start to hear the SNAPPING of RIBS. Her arms narrower than her body, claw uselessly at the glass.
88) 9) dialog: Aaabh... Her head, now turned sideways, is being pressed flatter and flatter... abruptly there's a ghastly dull CLUNK as her SKULL SPLITS and blood and brains splatter out. The walls continue to close, crushing her body, flattening, distending it, until there is nothing recognizable. (CONTINUED )
91) 8) dialog: (in FLASHBACK) According to this, there should only be twelve earthbound spirits trapped inside here. We --
91) 15) dialog: Her explanation.
91) 16) dialog: The Withered Lover, the First Born Son, the Torn Prince. And here... the Bound Lady, the Great Child and the Dire Mother... the Suicide, the Torso, and the Buried Maiden... then there's the three death signs, the sign of Hell's Winter... the Hammer, the Hyena, and the Juggernaut... Arthur takes in each of the ghosts, confirming Kalina's description. We --