3) 0) text: A TEAM MEMBER opens the truck's valve: Huge streams of blood gush out from both sides, via two nozzles, flooding the area around the cube. Rafkin's jaw drops. ON Cyrus, smiling.
7) 1) dialog: Oh, shit...
7) 2) dialog: (looks over partner's shoulder) Mother of... His partner turns as a great shape looms... (CONTINUED )
9) 0) text: As HIDEOUS SCREAMS fill the air, the Team Member turns and starts climbing the other side. Rafkin rounds a turn, sees the Team Member climbing up the wall of cars. The Team Member looks back as they approach.
9) 1) dialog: Run! It's right behind me -- Suddenly, a SQUEAL of METAL as something invisible reaches through the grill of the car and grabs the Team Member by the waist. He screams as he is folded over, backwards, and yanked into the grill of the car. Rafkin rushes toward him. We hear BONES BREAK as the Team Member screams. The Breaker, unseen on the far side of the heap of cars, yanks on his victim, over and over, smashing the Team Member's chin against the grill, trying to pull him through. Rafkin does the best he can to pull the man free, but it seems hopeless. The man screams and screams. Abruptly, Rafkin's efforts seem, at last, to work. With a mighty tug, he tumbles back and falls to the ground. Looks down and sees that he holds only the man's foot. The wall of cars begins to move before Rafkin. He leaps just as the wall comes crashing down. Rafkin scrambles and runs full bore back the way he came. He looks back, speaks into his mike:
10) 0) text: Rafkin turns a corner and runs past two team members heading in the opposite direction.
11) 0) text: Rafkin tears down the alleyway. He turns a corner just as the wall behind him collapses. He's looking down a passage filled with team members, with the cube serving as its plug: a dead end. It seems the Breaker has everyone trapped, instead of vice versa. Everyone runs toward the cube, splashing through pools of blood.
11) 1) text: The team members and Rafkin scatter before us. Men climb up the walls of wreckage as the invisible Breaker plows through, sending men flying high into the air. Rafkin slams hard against the wall, drops to the ground.
12) 0) text: A team member runs, looks over his shoulder at the pursuing Breaker. He doesn't see where he's going and runs straight against a blood-splashed glass wall. He's blundered into the glass cube. In an instant, the Breaker's inside with him. His entry trips an unseen switch. The final glass wall slides down, sealing the cube. As it does, the howling, and the team member's screams, drop to silence. Inside the cube, something awful happens, but we can't see through the smears of blood. Rafkin regains his senses, scrambles towards the cube. (CONTINUED )