0) 0) text: Fade in-- On the Matrix at code level, where we are traveling with speed of thought-- Rushing through streaks of coded light before pausing to survey an area from above, aS a god might. We glide down for a slightly closer look at the encoded metropolis, effortlessly moving through the walls and roo of a skyscraper, until we again accelerate beyond the spe of light to search--
1) 0) text: As the code forms the familiar drips and we pull out onto monitors of the Mjolnir’s operator’s station. AK, Link’s counterpart on this ship, beats his keyboard.
1) 1) dialog: I got nothing, sir. No sign of Niobe or Ghost. Nothing but blue pills. The crew of the Mjolnir are gathered on the main deck.
1) 8) dialog: Captain, these lines are crawling with calamari. 502 503 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 2. 502
3) 6) dialog: How could he be in the Matrix, sir? He’s not plugged in.
4) 7) dialog: . Jesus H. Christ.
4) 8) text: : All right. Let’s move with a purpose. AK, * get upstairs. I want you on holographic. he AK : Yes, sir. He pulls off his headset jumping free of his operator’s
5) 0) text: Neo slowly, painfully, wakes up. His face is mashed against a grey concrete slab. Every pa of him hurts. A hot-wire migraine sears through both hemispheres of his brain. He peels open his eyes and sees a tiny pair of shoes. Into the glare of fluorescent light, he looks up at a beautiful little Indian girl. She smiles at him.
11) 0) text: He turns and fires at the three pursuing figures. 515 516 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 14. 515 Weaving behind the steel and concrete columns, he continu to fire forcing them to take cover until-—- The station begins to rumble and the Trainman smiles. He whirls out from his column firing, emptying the gun, waiting for the train to blast into the station. Seraph sees the train that is not going to stop and reali what the Trainman is about to do.
18) 0) text: They push through the heavy doors like blood-soaked diver slipping into shark-filled waters. cnstantly they are recognized. Forming a Laagez, back to back, their guns constantly shifting from hare stare tc clenched jaw, they move into crowd that clinches arcund them, probing, looking for an opening. On a raised platfcrm, at the far end of the club, the Merovingian rises from nis seat.
22) 0) text: Link is wearing the headset, pacing behind AK who is typi furiously. 529 530 531
25) 0) text: The Oracle and Sati are near the oven, baking the cookies The Oracle cracks the door and takes a good whiff.
33) 0) text: Morpheus, Roland, Mauser and AK are in the cockpit.
33) 2) dialog: No sir. Nothing yet.
33) 5) dialog: Sentinels. AK points as the lights sweep over the still metal carcas of several Sentinels.
35) 4) dialog: What was that?
37) 0) text: Zee is alone folding a powdery mixture in a large teflon bowl. The table is strewn with strange tools as if she we baking a cake or fixing an engine. She sets the bowl next to a set of scales, looking up as enters, carrying several bags. The children are behind he
39) 0) text: AK and Link are staring at the same thing.
39) 1) dialog: No there’s not. You’re looking at what we're looking at.
41) 0) text: They are preparing for take off. Roland is on the radio.
45) 0) text: Niobe, Ghost and Roland prepare for take-off.
51) 0) text: The Mjolnir leaves a wake of static electricity like a ra car laying down smoke and burnt rubber.
52) 3) dialog: Captain! Captain we got an emergency down here!
52) 6) dialog: It's Maggie, sir. She’s dead. Murdered sir. I think it was Bane.
61) 0) text: The Lights go out. 590 GOLDENROD REVISTONS JUNE 27, 2002 66. 589 There is a window between the moment Bane understands wha happened and the moment he fires the gun. It is a window is only a fraction of a second wide-- But that is wide enough. The lightning bolt slashes open the darkness, a sizzling of electricity that bursts against the ground where Neo h been, but is no longer. In the strobing light of the gun, Neo lunges for Bane, di into him, colliding with the gun that continues to fire-~ Raking up the walls, severing cables that shower the dark with star-bursting spark light. Neo tackles Bane, driving into him, toppling him backward until they both crash to the ground-- The gun bouncing free. The two men merge into a single writhing shadow, limbs flailing wildly as they fight to separate. Gone is the grace and precision of fighting in the Matrix Neo swings his fist like a club, bludgeoning it against Bane’s skuli-- Each blow laying open the flesh covering his knuckles, wh sending shivers of pain shooting up his forearm. The fight is violent and chaotic; two dogs searching for other's neck-~ Neo finds it first, his hands clamping like jaws onto Ban throat. He leans into it, with all his might, trying to c his windpipe. Bane thrashes madly, eyes bulging, until-- His hand seizes hold of a snaking black cable, its end hissing, spitting embers like a roman candle. He jams it straight into Neo'’s face, sending him screami backwards.
66) 2) dialog: Holy christ would you look at that.
66) 7) dialog: It'll bottom out!
68) 6) dialog: There! They can see the dark opening, but a section of the tunne root has collapsed in front of it. Niobe’s grip tightens and she banks the ship trying to sl over the fallen debris, but it scrapes against a jagged, metal outcropping creating a terrible noise.
70) 0) text: Ghost sees a group of Sentinels on his monitor breaking f the main army.
70) 15) text: s cleaved open and with a ed Machine breaks through
72) 0) text: A scout turns, half of his face masked by a faceplate of monitors and motions to a cluster of scldiers.~ scout Go! Gc! Take out its legs! The soldiers heft their weapons racing up inclined access branches. “INT. ZION - DOCKS — NIGHT 508 The Mifune and the other APU's look down at Digger 1 then to the Digger hole .They know what’s ccming. Smoke hisses off of the cone of the digger, as it sits ha embedded in the crinkled dock floor like an undetonated missile. Mifune to gu
77) 0) text: Several soldiers scatter as the point of the digger bores inte the duct shredding through it like paper. * INT : FOXHOLE - OTHER - NIGHT 618d * Zee loads two oll-can rounds and hits Charra on the shoul She fires. The two heavy projectiles streak toward their mark, cotton candy strands of heat and smoke in their wak INT : DOCK -— NIGHT 618K * Charra’s & Zee's rocket hits the Digger 1’s knee. It brea but the Digger begins to rebalance. *
81) 0) text: A small group of soldiers run in a half crouch along the duct, shock-waves shaking the alloy walls. A scout points down a branching duct. scour Keep moving. Don’t let them lock down your position. As Zee and Charra split off, the roof caves in behind the falling Sentinel carcass and Gooses APU cratering the doc floor.
84) 0) text: Zee and Charra race along shaking tunnel towards the hatc Charra pops up from one of the sub defense ducts, Zee fee the bazooka. Sentinels react to them and rush to defend the digger, as Charra shoulders and aims her weapon.
88) 0) text: Phe crew of the Mjclnir scramble to their battle stations Colt motioning Link into one of the stern underside gunpi Link’s fingers fly over the controls, the heads up displa quickly coming online. He takes Zee’s necklace, wraps it around his trigger hand then kisses it.
97) 0) text: Digger 2 breaks through the bridge and continues it’s fal It crashes onto the dock floor.
106) 1) text: GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 84a. 652 The ship blasts forward like a mad dying animal, banking rolling through the intestine tangle of service tunnel. For every Sentinel the Mjolnir’s gun turrets knock down, more take its place. 653 654 655 656 GOLDENROD REVISTONS JUNE 27, 2002 85.
120) 0) text: The kid with a clean line of sight at the weighted cable takes aim just as-- Another Sentinel wraps up his APU from behind, its tentac snaking around its legs squeezing like a boa constrictor causing-- The APU to pitch forward crashing to the ground in a thundering belly-~flop. The Sentinel rises up, like an animal poised to sink its teeth into the exposed jugular of its prey, when-- The white hot bolt of a lightning gun blasts through its back. The Sentinel, wounded, spins in time to see Zee level the and fire again-- The bolt, brilliantly white in the dark dock, jabs into t Sentinel like a meat hook and drives the spastic, flailin machine up until its eyes burst open and it dies.
126) 0) text: The cockpit shakes spastically, as Morpheus hits the collision alarm. INT. ZION - DOCKS — NIGHT All at once, the Sentinels begin to flee en masse-- 679 680 681 682 682 683 684 685 686 687 688 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 94. 682 A bottleneck of black, forming at the digger tunnels, whi
134) 0) text: The Logos banks along a pipe thick with steam that is breathed from a series of openings caked with human greas and machine rust, like a scab that continues to leak.
136) 0) text: The fetus fields run right up to the edge of the ravine. pickers continue their work like grazing animals, oblivio to the Logos. The sky is a churning black sludge, its clotted clouds fr and leak a pale yellow light, casting a glow that is the color of dead callowed flesh. In the distance, the mile high towers of the Power Plant visible.
156) 0) text: The rumble of the digger returning to its job shakes the room.
157) 0) text: Neo looks out at the distant horizon that breaks against jagged edge of a mountain range. He is able to see a powerful source of light, glowing lik sun about to rise, hidden behind a horizon of seething darkness.
161) 0) text: The Logos flies into the jaws of the Armada, Machines rows of jagged shark-teeth. 731 forming 731 732 733 734 735 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 107. 731 They attack in a frenzy; red lasers stabbing into the Log as the larger armored crab-~like machines spit bolts of e that break against the hull sending a shiver of sizzling electricity through the entire ship.
167) 0) text: Rocketing towards the churning black sky, leaving a white jet trail that cuts up from the black earth at a forty-fi degree angle. Several Sentinels leap from the back of the ship, but man remain as it barrels towards the dark roiling ceiling. The Logos plunges into the sky with a surreal splash, lik plane crashing into a sea of shaving cream. The molecular replicators immediately drain the life from Sentinels and they fall dead-- Tearing through the clouds that cling to them momentarily like shredded pieces of parachute, before letting them fa away. The Logos is engulfed by a ball of lightning as it is attacked by the sky. It shakes violently, every light blo out, until the ship dies--
169) 0) text: The forward momentum carries them just a little higher un suddenly there is a spectacular explosion of light as-- The ship breaks out the other side revealing a perfect bl sky lit by a brilliant yellow sun. 740 Al 742 743 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 110.
174) 0) text: The rumbling of the digger shakes all of Zion. The Temple congested with panicked chaos. Near the entrance, Lock is organizing the defense.
175) 0) text: The entire tower is quivering as the wall begins to crack The wall splits, giving birth to a ball of metal teeth spitting rock and dust. The digger chews through, rending rock, shredding steel and shaking the entire city. Tt emerges with a final rearing thrust, then tips free an falis-- Smashing through the lacework of catwalks, before crashin into the knotted tangle of pipe at the base of Zion, bury into the bedrock and metal like a knife to its hilt. The black hole breathes brimstone as a cloud of dust sett over Zion like a shroud. INT. ZION - TEMPLE — NIGHT 748 People cling to each other as the booming crash echoes through their bodies. Link holds Zee and looking up at the dark ceiling of the Temple, he whispers. 748 749 750 751 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 115. 748
176) 0) text: Neo climbs. Feeling his way, rising from the wreckage alo the coiled mechanical intestines. There are sounds all around him: a ratcheting clatter tha rises and fades like a rattlesnake warning, the hiss of a radiator pipe, the scrape of a rake dragged against concr The sounds circle as if patiently watching him like vultu watching a dying man. He heaves himself up into a large passageway running horizontally through the tower.,It spirals, coiling inwar woven out of shiny metal rods that are ribbed and knuckle like bones.
184) 0) text: A sick green-black sky vomits a raging storm upon the urb night-scape below. Lightning spits from every cloud like constant flicker of snake tongues. Black boots stride down the center of the rain soaked str We follow as Neo walks, glancing left, then right at a ci of Agent Smiths. They line the streets, their perfect silhouettes filling the windows of skyscrapers. It is a c of dark-suited, sunglass-wearing shadows. Lightning flash-bulbs a group of them, staring at Neo, smiling identically. A singular Smith enters the street and turns towards Neo, walking at him until they stand, like gun fighters-- Face to face.
187) 0) text: They fight in mid-air, punching, kicking, grappling, lock together but in constant motion like electrons chasing ea other around a single nucleus~- Oblivious to the height, they rise up beyond the city’s g towers until they are amidst the flashing electric tongue lightning and the city is a distant pattern of light bene them. Smith lands a series of savage blows that stun Neo and he slips down, twisting, lost for a moment, suddenly vulnera Above him, Smith rises up just as twin bolts of lightning strike, haloing the dark-suited demon with jagged broken of light. - With the crashing din of thunder that follows, Smith atta Diving down, he slams into Neo, tackling him, driving him back to the earth-- Streaking like a comet, faster than the rain, plummeting the mirrored towers as Neo struggles to get free, fightin even as the inevitability of the ground rushes towards th and-~ The unstoppable force meets the immovable object.
197) 0) text: Rain pebbles the angelic face of Sati as a black cat carefully pads up next to her and licks her cheek. In a blink the cat disappears and as it does-- It stops raining. The cracked and broken ground is now replaced with a perfectly smooth sidewalk. Sati remains in the in the same sleeping position as the again softly pads in and licks her cheek, exactly as it j did. Sati slowly wakes up and smiles at the cat.