24) 0) text: As if hearing his name called, Bane opens his eyes.
29) 0) text: Bane sits silently, a small twitch in his eye as the crew both ships stare at him. If there was a sound being made by anyone, it would be th grinding of Roland’s teeth. 545
29) 5) dialog: I really wish I could help... I just... I don't remember any of it.
29) 7) dialog: Yeah, definitely. You’re right about that, six. They look like they might be self inflicted, but why would I do something like that to myself? Unless of course, I wasn’t myself. But if I’m not me, then who am I? Bane stares into the cut across his palm.
39) 4) text: Bane is sitting on the table. Maggie is drawing a serum i a hypodermic needle.
39) 5) dialog: What’s that for?
39) 7) dialog: What if I don’t want to remember?
39) 9) dialog: What if I blew that EMP? What if I did destroy those ships and I am responsible for the deaths of all those men? un a
39) 12) dialog: Of course, it might not be very safe for you either.
48) 1) text: Bane attacks. Her light clatters to the floor as he grabs her from behi pressing the scalpel against her throat.
48) 2) dialog: I should have known he'd send his bitch first.
48) 5) dialog: No one ever got away from me as many times as you did. Every single time T thought it was the last, every time I was sure we had you, somehow you'd slip through our fingers. I really can’t express just how aggravating that can be.
48) 7) dialog: I think I might even enjoy killing you as much as killing him. At the mention of Neo, her eyes fire with the intensity o lion guarding its cubs. She grabs the knife hand, fighting it with all her streng as she screams throwing them both backward crashing to th floor. The two bodies writhe and twist, knotting and unknotting until Trinity slips free-- Grabbing the light as he grabs her. Twisting back, she smashes it into his face, pitching the voom into darkness except for the light that falls throug the hatch. She lunges for the ladder, scrambling up it as a shadow l after her.
50) 0) text: Bane bangs Trinity against the metal wall. Stunned, she f to the floor and before she can recover, he kicks her savagely in the ribs, almost flipping her over. Pain explodes through her body, black spots bursting in h vision. Bane wipes the back of his hand across his shattered nose
50) 1) dialog: You're going to pay for that.
53) 16) dialog: Yes, we're over here! He hears him forcing her quiet.
53) 18) dialog: Hello, Mr. Anderson. I see you are as predictable in this world, as you are in the other.
53) 21) dialog: It might appear that way to you, but Mr. Anderson and I know that appearances can be deceiving. A rush of something familiar floods Neo’s mind.
53) 22) dialog: Confused, Mr. Anderson? It‘ll all become clear in a moment. Now, thank you for bringing me the gun, you can set it down right there.
53) 26) dialog: Yes, shoot. Fry us. Burn us alive. Neo is frozen.
53) 28) dialog: Look at him. He knows he should do it, but he won't. Neo raises the gun.
53) 30) dialog: He won't do it. He can‘t.
53) 34) dialog: Back away.
53) 36) dialog: Fair enough. 62.
53) 40) dialog: Back away from the gun and turn around. Neo does.
53) 42) dialog: Somehow familiar, isn’t it? We've been here before, you and I? Remember? I do. I think of nolhing else.
55) 0) text: Bane stands over Nec, blood still dripping from his ruine face.
55) 2) dialog: You still don’t recognize me? I admit it is difficult to even think encased in this rotting piece of meat, the stink of it filling every breath, a suffocating cloud you can’t escape. Mucus bubbles out of his mangled nose.
55) 4) dialog: Look at this. Disgusting. Look at how pathetically fragile it is. Any excuse and it begins to spew. He spits a clot of blood.
55) 5) dialog: Nothing this weak is meant to survive.
56) 0) text: Trinity saws through the wire binding her wrists. Closing mind to the pain, she pushes herself up and steps towards ladder, but as she does-~ A pisce of glass from the broken light crunches under her boot. She looks up as Bane looks down. Leaping for the ladder, she sees Bane kick the hatch shut as she is buried in darkness, she hears the wheel-lock sn into place.
57) 0) text: Neo starts for him, but Bane is toc far, the gun holding in check.
57) 1) dialog: Persistent isn’t she?
57) 3) dialog: T want what you want. Neo can almost hear the voice of Smith.
57) 4) dialog: Yes, that's it, Mr. Anderson. Lock past the flesh, look through the soft gelatin of these dull cow eyes and see your enemy.
59) 2) dialog: Oh yes, Mr. Anderson.
59) 4) dialog: There is nowhere I can’t go, there is nowhere I won‘’t find you...
59) 6) dialog: Wot impossible. Inevitable. The word is like ice down his spine.
59) 7) dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Anderson. Bane raises the gun to fire as--
61) 0) text: The Lights go out. 590 GOLDENROD REVISTONS JUNE 27, 2002 66. 589 There is a window between the moment Bane understands wha happened and the moment he fires the gun. It is a window is only a fraction of a second wide-- But that is wide enough. The lightning bolt slashes open the darkness, a sizzling of electricity that bursts against the ground where Neo h been, but is no longer. In the strobing light of the gun, Neo lunges for Bane, di into him, colliding with the gun that continues to fire-~ Raking up the walls, severing cables that shower the dark with star-bursting spark light. Neo tackles Bane, driving into him, toppling him backward until they both crash to the ground-- The gun bouncing free. The two men merge into a single writhing shadow, limbs flailing wildly as they fight to separate. Gone is the grace and precision of fighting in the Matrix Neo swings his fist like a club, bludgeoning it against Bane’s skuli-- Each blow laying open the flesh covering his knuckles, wh sending shivers of pain shooting up his forearm. The fight is violent and chaotic; two dogs searching for other's neck-~ Neo finds it first, his hands clamping like jaws onto Ban throat. He leans into it, with all his might, trying to c his windpipe. Bane thrashes madly, eyes bulging, until-- His hand seizes hold of a snaking black cable, its end hissing, spitting embers like a roman candle. He jams it straight into Neo'’s face, sending him screami backwards.
62) 4) text: ‘1 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 67. INT. LOGOS ~ LOWER DECK -— DAY 531 Neo is badly burned, a slash of white blistered flesh acr both eyes. Bane scurries away, grabbing the nearest weapon he sees: thick piece of pipe Neo spins toward the sound and Bane freezes, realizing tw things at once: the gun is at Neo’s feet, but he can’t se it. Neo is blind. Bane laughs as Neo tries to find his bearings, stepping a from the gun.
62) 5) dialog: I wish you could see yourself, Mr. Anderson. Bane leads Neo further away, his voice luring him into th main chamber.
62) 6) dialog: A blind messiah. He slowly feels his way towards him, but as Bane moves Ne seems to lose him for a moment.
62) 7) dialog: A symbol for your kind. Helpless. Pathetic. Bane circles back, his grip tightening on the pipe.
62) 8) dialog: dust waiting to be put out of your misery. Raising the pipe, he swings it like a bat, but just as it about to cave in Neo’s head-- Neo ducks. Bane blinks in disbelief, immediately swinging again, but Catches hold of his wrist. Bane is again surprised as Neo leans in, his ruined eyes looking at Bane or more accurat locking into him as~- 591 592 593 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 68. 591 We see what Neo sees: a world of total darkness, except f the pale glowing specter of Agent Smith, like a ghost mad phosphorescent light, his sunglasses like the dark socket a skull.
62) 10) dialog: It's not over, Mr. Anderson. The ghost of Smith also looks up at him.