64) 0) text: Cas is leading her children into the Temple. INT, ZION — DEFENSE DUCT ~ RIGHT 597 Huddied in the defense duct, a group of ground troops wai eyes wide, the tiny passage filled with white noise. Amongst the soldiers, Zee crouches, the pounding in her h rising with the sound of the digger. Charra, her artiller partner, is checking the handmade bazooka.
64) 2) dialog: Shit yeah. But I‘1ll make you a deal; you keep loading, I'll keep shooting. She holds out her hand and Zee takes it.
76) 11) text: GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 76aA. INT. ZTON - FOXHOLE — NIGHT 618F * A hatch flips up and Zee and Charra roli out, as a steady barrage of artillery is hurled against the Machine by the entrenched infantry. * Charra shoulders the fat double barreled bazooka aiming i one of the digger’s kneecaps, * INT: DOCKS -— NIGHT 6186 * Digger 1‘s drill begins to spin. The cone is starting to rotate.It begins to tear through tunnel pipes. *
77) 0) text: Several soldiers scatter as the point of the digger bores inte the duct shredding through it like paper. * INT : FOXHOLE - OTHER - NIGHT 618d * Zee loads two oll-can rounds and hits Charra on the shoul She fires. The two heavy projectiles streak toward their mark, cotton candy strands of heat and smoke in their wak INT : DOCK -— NIGHT 618K * Charra’s & Zee's rocket hits the Digger 1’s knee. It brea but the Digger begins to rebalance. *
78) 0) text: Zee starts to reload but stops, looking up as the metal cavern is filled with the rising mechanized locust scream the Sentinel army. Zee pats Charra again and she fires, the two shells this exploding uselessly against the armored plate of the digg
78) 1) dialog: Shit, we need a better angle. They climb back down into the duct. INT. ZION - COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT 618Nn Lock studies the data flowing across the monitor windows.
81) 0) text: A small group of soldiers run in a half crouch along the duct, shock-waves shaking the alloy walls. A scout points down a branching duct. scour Keep moving. Don’t let them lock down your position. As Zee and Charra split off, the roof caves in behind the falling Sentinel carcass and Gooses APU cratering the doc floor.
84) 0) text: Zee and Charra race along shaking tunnel towards the hatc Charra pops up from one of the sub defense ducts, Zee fee the bazooka. Sentinels react to them and rush to defend the digger, as Charra shoulders and aims her weapon.
84) 1) dialog: Dig this. She fires; her aim is true and the rocket explodes agains the leg of the digger. bes
98) 1) text: A small circular hatch door opens with a cough of smoke a Charra and Zee climb up into a long thin channel running between the pipelines.
98) 4) dialog: Just give me one clean shot... The protective school of Sentinels seems to open for a mo and she fires, the twin shells slipping through, finding bulls-eye of the molten center of the digger’s core exhau The missiles hit starting a chain-reaction that ends with sunken digger exploding-- Concrete and metal shrapnel erupting like a volcano as a4 section of the dock floor is demolished. The Sentinels scream as though they were hit, immediately swarming after Zee and Charra who scurry back into the ti channel-- Sentinels swarm above them, landing with the crashing din metal to metal as they jam their tentacles into the thin running channels between the pipes. Zee and Charra race for the open hatch, dodging and divin between the stabbing tentacles with a mounting sense of impossibility that rises until-—- A claw cleaves the calf of Charra, pinning her in place. She screams just as Zee reaches the open hatch. Zee can o watch as another tentacle stabs through Charra’s stomach, impaling/eucserting her.