37) 20) text: The kid shoves a wheelbarrow with two crates of ammo from APU support bunker. The front wheel bumps over a tangle o power lines and the kid loses control, tumbling forward a the bin tips over. The boxes smash open with the bright metal chatter of end strings of bullets spilling out around the kid.
37) 22) dialog: An accident sir. I didn’t see-- I’m sorry.
37) 24) dialog: Unit volunteer, sir.
37) 26) dialog: I want to do my part, sir. We have to hold the dock.
37) 28) dialog: Eighteen. Mifune scoffs.
37) 30) dialog: Okay. I’m sixteen.
37) 32) dialog: The Machine’s don’t care how old I am. They'll kill me just the same-~ “8 561 562 iB Lo
80) 0) text: The kid waits at his wheelbarrow, the sound of the battle ringing against the walls of the bunker when the huge reinforced metal doors open, another reloading team hurry back inside. One of them is cradling his bloody, laser- lacerated shoulder. A Sentinel leaps at the open door before the bunker sentr can close it. As it pounces to the opening, the nearest A rings out and cuts the Machine in two. The kid swallows hard as the door slams shut. Flanked by a gunnery escort, the kid runs, pushing his am bin out onto the dock floor, red laser-lightning cracklin above him.
113) 4) dialog: No! The Sentinel whirls around, covered in the Captain’s gore its metal mandibles slick with blood. The kid fires, the bolt like a jagged spear of light, puncturing the Sentinel's armor, tearing out its back in Eggerton apple-burst. The kid rushes to his Captain.
113) 5) dialog: Captain Mifunel Mifune spits a clump of wadded blood, as the kid helps hi from his harness.
113) 7) dialog: What?
113) 11) dialog: Captain, I didn’t finish the training program. Mifune smiles, his teeth bright with his own blood.
114) 0) text: Close on the leg of an APU as its recoil supports stab in the ground. The kid punches a command and the left leg supports also into the dock floor. The kid manipulates the controls as if by memory, fingers flying over buttons that cause the APU’s monitors and exoskeleton to close in around him, like a luxury car sea adjusting.
114) 1) dialog: Keep your weight forward. Let the machine do the work. He mutters the operating instructions ingrained in his mi from thousands of virtual hours of combat drills. In one motion the APU groans from its indented resting pl and is on its feet. The anchors retract, snapping out of the ground.
114) 2) dialog: Unlock your anchors. Now-— 667 668
114) 5) dialog: Light as a feather. Light as a feather. The mechanized behemoth sprints up the incline toward the gate, a hulking gazelle.
116) 0) text: A group of Sentinels race down to the kid, the leader erashing down in front of him.
116) 1) dialog: Don’t over squeeze the trigger. A fury shoots from the APU cannons mutilating the Sentine hide like tinfoil.
120) 0) text: The kid with a clean line of sight at the weighted cable takes aim just as-- Another Sentinel wraps up his APU from behind, its tentac snaking around its legs squeezing like a boa constrictor causing-- The APU to pitch forward crashing to the ground in a thundering belly-~flop. The Sentinel rises up, like an animal poised to sink its teeth into the exposed jugular of its prey, when-- The white hot bolt of a lightning gun blasts through its back. The Sentinel, wounded, spins in time to see Zee level the and fire again-- The bolt, brilliantly white in the dark dock, jabs into t Sentinel like a meat hook and drives the spastic, flailin machine up until its eyes burst open and it dies.
121) 0) text: The kid sees the cable still in his fritzing target monit With a mighty heave, he lifts aiming the APU’s cannon, 674 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 92A. 674
131) 0) text: The docking bay is filled with a wave a white, EMP light- Even as the Mjolnir crashes into the bay platforms in a cacophonous roar-- All electrical systems dying. And as the Mjolnir shrieks skidding stop-~ Another sound begins to rise; the thundering downpour of Sentinels. They flow from the jet glass tunnels like water from a spigot, until-- At last it is over. As the echoing rolls away like a fading storm, the soldie of Zion begin to crawl from the defense labyrinth and fal APUs, their bloody faces frozen in disbelief. INT. ZION —- COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT 688 The control room walls ring with jubilation. 689 690
140) 0) text: Soldiers are scrambling to unload the ammunition from the Mjolnir,. It is the kid that hears them first.
140) 2) dialog: You hear that? He turns with the kid towards the rent gate. After a mome he hears it; the sound of air being forced out through a pipe, like a distant trumpet or a scream heard from far a
179) 0) text: Thé kid swallows hard, wiping the sweat from his palms as steadies the grip on his gun. INT. ZION —- TEMPLE ENTRANCE - NIGHT 754 The leading force descends to the Temple entrance, limbs outstretched like the talons of an attacking bird of prey The first Sentinel slams down onto the metal bridge, rear back on its haunches as its brethren smack down behind hi
194) 4) dialog: He saved us. He saved us. The last of the Machines glide out of sight and waves of emotion sweep through all of them. The kid can’t hold it in and he screams, joy bursting out hin.
194) 5) dialog: He did it! It's over! He did it!
195) 2) dialog: Sir, Councilor, he did it, sir! Neo did it!
195) 4) dialog: He ended the war! The Sentinels are gone! It's over, sir! The war is over! Hamman is unable to breathe as he drinks down the information. The kid turns and leaps onto a boulder, his voice filling the Temple.
195) 5) dialog: Zion! It’s over! The war is over! Tears stream down both Link and Zee’s faces as they embra A huge resounding cheer surges up from the people of Zion they break open with relief and joy. INT. ZION - TEMPLE ENTRANCE ~— NIGHT 775 Morpheus and Niobe hear the cheering that rolls up out of Temple. Morpheus unable to move, unable to embrace a moment he wa his entire life for. 775 776