18) 0) text: They push through the heavy doors like blood-soaked diver slipping into shark-filled waters. cnstantly they are recognized. Forming a Laagez, back to back, their guns constantly shifting from hare stare tc clenched jaw, they move into crowd that clinches arcund them, probing, looking for an opening. On a raised platfcrm, at the far end of the club, the Merovingian rises from nis seat.
18) 1) dialog: What in the hell... Grabbirg the railing, he sees the three, completely Surrounded, trying te push through the dance
18) 3) dialog: I don’t believe this~- He begins to laugh. 525 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 21. 525
18) 4) dialog: Hey. Hey! Hey!! The music is killed, plunging the catacombed chamber into silence.
18) 5) dialog: The prodigal child returns! <<The angel with no wings.>> Are you here for the bounty, Seraph? He Laughs again as the crowd contracts around them.
18) 6) dialog: Tell me, how many bullets are there in those guns? I don’t know, but I don't think you have enough.
18) 8) dialog: Oh yes. I am sure you do. You have fought through Hell to do so. Yes? I‘il teil you what I will do. Put down the guns and I will promise you safe passage out of here. Seraph checks with Morpheus and Trinity.
18) 10) dialog: Yes, yes. Of course. Slowly they lower their guns. The point of no return pass as their weapons clatter to the floor. Immediately they are snatched up by the surrounding crowd who smile now, teeth flashing the way a knife does as it being sharpened. The Merovingian giggles as they climb the stairs followed the newly armed men and women. GOLDENROD REVISTONS JUNE 27, 2002 214. 525
18) 11) dialog: orise, eh?Po> Who could have ed we would all be seaing each other on after ouz last meeting. The Fates oc Rand.
18) 16) dialog: Please, sit, sit. Be comfortable. The Trainman smiles at Seraph.
18) 18) dialog: Come now. What kind of question is this? of course I know. It is my business to know. Some might think that this is a very strange coincidence, but I do not. He sucks at an olive.
18) 19) dialog: Tam curious though, as to how it actually happened. Do you know?
18) 21) dialog: No? I did not think so, but it is always best to ask. He pops the olive into his mouth chewing it with obvious relish.
18) 23) dialog: Always straight to business, eh Morpheus? Okay. So, I have something you want. To make a deal, you must have something I want, yes? He smiles.
18) 24) dialog: And it so happens there is something T want. I want them very badly, and I think you may be the only ones who can get them for me,
18) 26) dialog: There are only two of them and IT must have them both. There is a faint smile as he chews.
18) 28) dialog: The eyes of the Oracle. Seraph doesn’t react while several of the armed goons chuckle.
18) 29) dialog: She won’t need them anymore, what with the end of the world and all. He drops the metal toothpick into the empty martini glass
18) 30) dialog: So here, you bring them to me in this glass and I will give you back your savior. His smile is Mephistopheiean as he lifts the glass to Ser Seraph doesn’t move.
18) 31) dialog: Do we have a deal? Eh? Yes? No? The empty glass hovers between them as they stare at one another with the kind of intensity that is only possible after years of deep felt hatred.
18) 34) dialog: Interesting deal. . He looks at her, reading the bio-chemistry in her code.
18) 39) dialog: It is remarkable how similar the pattern of love is to the pattern of insanity.