37) 0) text: Zee is alone folding a powdery mixture in a large teflon bowl. The table is strewn with strange tools as if she we baking a cake or fixing an engine. She sets the bowl next to a set of scales, looking up as enters, carrying several bags. The children are behind he
37) 2) dialog: Making shells.
37) 9) dialog: I'm not going with you. cas What?
37) 10) dialog: They called fox volunteers to hold the dock. Cas drops her bag.
37) 13) dialog: I have to.
37) 17) dialog: Maybe it is, but ask yourself, if it was Dozer and you knew the only chance you had to see him again was to hold that dock, what would you do? She looks down considering what she would do to have Doze alive again. There is only one answer to the question.
64) 0) text: Cas is leading her children into the Temple. INT, ZION — DEFENSE DUCT ~ RIGHT 597 Huddied in the defense duct, a group of ground troops wai eyes wide, the tiny passage filled with white noise. Amongst the soldiers, Zee crouches, the pounding in her h rising with the sound of the digger. Charra, her artiller partner, is checking the handmade bazooka.
64) 1) dialog: You scared, Charra?
76) 11) text: GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 76aA. INT. ZTON - FOXHOLE — NIGHT 618F * A hatch flips up and Zee and Charra roli out, as a steady barrage of artillery is hurled against the Machine by the entrenched infantry. * Charra shoulders the fat double barreled bazooka aiming i one of the digger’s kneecaps, * INT: DOCKS -— NIGHT 6186 * Digger 1‘s drill begins to spin. The cone is starting to rotate.It begins to tear through tunnel pipes. *
77) 0) text: Several soldiers scatter as the point of the digger bores inte the duct shredding through it like paper. * INT : FOXHOLE - OTHER - NIGHT 618d * Zee loads two oll-can rounds and hits Charra on the shoul She fires. The two heavy projectiles streak toward their mark, cotton candy strands of heat and smoke in their wak INT : DOCK -— NIGHT 618K * Charra’s & Zee's rocket hits the Digger 1’s knee. It brea but the Digger begins to rebalance. *
78) 0) text: Zee starts to reload but stops, looking up as the metal cavern is filled with the rising mechanized locust scream the Sentinel army. Zee pats Charra again and she fires, the two shells this exploding uselessly against the armored plate of the digg
81) 0) text: A small group of soldiers run in a half crouch along the duct, shock-waves shaking the alloy walls. A scout points down a branching duct. scour Keep moving. Don’t let them lock down your position. As Zee and Charra split off, the roof caves in behind the falling Sentinel carcass and Gooses APU cratering the doc floor.
84) 0) text: Zee and Charra race along shaking tunnel towards the hatc Charra pops up from one of the sub defense ducts, Zee fee the bazooka. Sentinels react to them and rush to defend the digger, as Charra shoulders and aims her weapon.
88) 0) text: Phe crew of the Mjclnir scramble to their battle stations Colt motioning Link into one of the stern underside gunpi Link’s fingers fly over the controls, the heads up displa quickly coming online. He takes Zee’s necklace, wraps it around his trigger hand then kisses it.
98) 1) text: A small circular hatch door opens with a cough of smoke a Charra and Zee climb up into a long thin channel running between the pipelines.
98) 5) dialog: Charra! GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 82.
107) 0) text: Zee’s necklace cuts deep into Link’s fist as he squeezes gun turret controls, a whirling fury.
118) 3) dialog: Link. Zee grabs a lightning gun and sprints away.
120) 0) text: The kid with a clean line of sight at the weighted cable takes aim just as-- Another Sentinel wraps up his APU from behind, its tentac snaking around its legs squeezing like a boa constrictor causing-- The APU to pitch forward crashing to the ground in a thundering belly-~flop. The Sentinel rises up, like an animal poised to sink its teeth into the exposed jugular of its prey, when-- The white hot bolt of a lightning gun blasts through its back. The Sentinel, wounded, spins in time to see Zee level the and fire again-- The bolt, brilliantly white in the dark dock, jabs into t Sentinel like a meat hook and drives the spastic, flailin machine up until its eyes burst open and it dies.
120) 1) dialog: Do it, kid.
133) 2) dialog: Link!
133) 4) dialog: I knew you'd come. Somehow... I knew you would.
133) 6) dialog: You did wear it.
175) 0) text: The entire tower is quivering as the wall begins to crack The wall splits, giving birth to a ball of metal teeth spitting rock and dust. The digger chews through, rending rock, shredding steel and shaking the entire city. Tt emerges with a final rearing thrust, then tips free an falis-- Smashing through the lacework of catwalks, before crashin into the knotted tangle of pipe at the base of Zion, bury into the bedrock and metal like a knife to its hilt. The black hole breathes brimstone as a cloud of dust sett over Zion like a shroud. INT. ZION - TEMPLE — NIGHT 748 People cling to each other as the booming crash echoes through their bodies. Link holds Zee and looking up at the dark ceiling of the Temple, he whispers. 748 749 750 751 GOLDENROD REVISIONS JUNE 27, 2002 115. 748