1) 0) text: OPEN on a MOVING WIDE SHOT of a mountain range with the distant lights of the San Fernando Valley behind it. BEGIN CREDITS as a NAVY JET drops down into the picture. PUSH IN on the jet's exhaust flame. Have the words "THE BLAST" come out of the flame. Then there is a SLIGHT EXPLOSION and the flame intensifies. The words "FROM THE PAST" jump out of the exhaust as the jet momentarily shakes.
4) 0) text: Start on a CU of the HAM RADIO ANTENNA, WIND GAUGE and THERMOMETER attached to the roof of Calvin's shop. (We can hear military air traffic chatter on Calvin's Hallicrafter radio.) Then move down to the window where we see CALVIN Webber tinkering with a gadget at his work bench. Calvin's very pregnant wife HELEN appears. The music becomes source.
41) 0) text: CLEAN CUT SURFER KIDS are being served their favorite ice cream and malt treats by MOM herself and a young SODA JERK. Appropriate music comes from the jukebox.
41) 1) dialog: I'm going to need two more banana- splits and a cherry coke!
46) 0) text: The clean-cut kids have been replaced by FLOWER CHILDREN. Mom hasn't put a lot back into the decor, but she has made concessions to the fashions of the time. The jukebox plays something appropriate. Mom and the Jerk are five years older.
46) 1) dialog: I can't tell the boys from the girls anymore!
46) 3) text: Uh...yeah. It's like hard. Mom gives the Jerk a suspicious look.
49) 2) dialog: I miss those nice flower-power kids. How 'bout you?
49) 5) dialog: What the hell kind of music is that?! The Jerk puts his hands to his ears, he so hates the new music.
55) 0) text: Mom watches the punks enter. Then crosses to the Soda Jerk who now has a tattoo on his forehead.
55) 1) dialog: I'm selling this place.  I want out of this hell hole!
55) 3) dialog: Buy it from me?
55) 5) dialog: I'll give it to ya, no money down. The neighborhood has gone to hell anyway. She walks off.
65) 0) text: Cars flash by in a rare L.A. DOWNPOUR.  All that's left of Mom's is an EMPTY BUILDING with a painted-out front window and a "For Sale or Rent" sign.  There's ANOTHER SHOP attached to it CAMERA RIGHT but we can't see what it is.  The alley way on the left has always been there.
86) 0) text: Adam marvels at the abundance and variety. He passes a mother whose child is riding in the cart and that reminds him of his own mom -- when she used to let him ride that way.  Then he is surprised to see a MIDDLE-AGED COUPLE so casually dressed in public. She (overweight) is in an unfortunate terrycloth halter-shorts combination.  He (hirsute) is in a sleeveless undershirt and baggy bathing trunks.
109) 0) text: Eve holds the receiver away from her for a moment.
152) 15) text: In 1962, when the bomb was dropped on Los Angeles, my parents were in our fallout shelter.  That's where I was born. We only survived because it was a huge shelter as fallout shelters go. My father worked on it secretly for years. When he had to, he used contractors, but always from out-of- state and always for just a portion of the job. He told them it was a secret government experiment done through CalTech. My Dad's not a liar, but he felt in this case he had no choice. Of course, it had to be a secret, because we had just enough supplies to last three people thirty-five years. That's also why I have no brothers or sisters. The air vent was the really tricky part, but he was able to cut into a flood control sewer. What I'd like to do Eve, is take you down into the fallout shelter with me. We could live there with my Mom and Dad. My dad said if I found a healthy girl I should "bring her on down". And you look plenty healthy to me.