9) 0) text: A late guest named RON hurries up the walkway and into the house.
10) 2) dialog: Calvin!  Hey, Calvin! (pointing over his shoulder)
16) 0) text: To Helen's embarrassment, Calvin is ushering  all the guests to the front door. Helen is passing out hats and purses. She and Calvin speak simultaneously - somewhere in the middle we cut outside.
35) 52) text: Well, it's pretty clear that the front entrance caved in when the bomb went off. So, you know, when the time is up, we'll have to return to the surface using, you know, this back entrance.  Which is very nice because it has the service elevator!
38) 0) text: Calvin vaguely hears the noise made by the front loader.
62) 4) text: reveals the family in their pajamas standing in front of the front hatchway and red box.
65) 0) text: Cars flash by in a rare L.A. DOWNPOUR.  All that's left of Mom's is an EMPTY BUILDING with a painted-out front window and a "For Sale or Rent" sign.  There's ANOTHER SHOP attached to it CAMERA RIGHT but we can't see what it is.  The alley way on the left has always been there.
69) 0) text: Calvin emerges from the alley that separates the Malt Shop from another storefront (perhaps now a rundown Thai restaurant.)
76) 0) text: Adam sets down his suitcase and goes to his father's bed. He sits. At the door, Helen dries her eyes with her apron.  Calvin indicates that he wants to whisper to Adam, who drops his ear close to his father's lips.
91) 51) text: The front seat! He runs around to the front while Eve chats with herself. EVE (cont'd)
91) 52) text: Why am I doing this? What in the hell is wrong with me? That's what I'd like to know.
144) 0) text: Adam, Eve and Troy examine female patrons over drinks. It's white wine for her, imported beer for Troy, and a Rob Roy for Adam.
146) 0) text: Troy takes out his keys as he approaches the front door. But the door opens. Eve stands there in sweats. Agitated.
150) 0) text: Eve hurries out of the house leaving the front door wide open.  She runs down the porch steps, across the yard, and to her car, which she unlocks with the usual fumbling.
152) 10) text: "All at once am I--several stories high-- knowing I'm--on the street-- where you live."  It's about a young man who is overjoyed just to be standing in front of the house of the person he loves. She reaches down, and taking hold of his collar, draws him to her and they kiss very romantically and at length. Then:
153) 0) text: Adam comes out glowing with happiness. He looks heavenward. And does his patented thumbs up. Behind him we hear Eve locking all the locks on her front door.
156) 0) text: Adam runs up.  The bookstore looks familiar.  Adam runs to the next store. It's a bar.  He runs to the next store.  It's the Malt Shop.  Adam is thrilled.  He tries the front door and at first it does not open.
159) 0) text: Adam springs in, Troy drags in behind him (knowing the deal). Eve is standing away from the door next to a kind looking professional woman named Dr.Aron.
161) 0) text: Eve and Troy run out to Aron who is dialing her cell phone.
161) 3) text: Hi. This is Nina Aron.  I've got a run away and I'm going to need police assistance.
173) 0) text: Eve lets Troy drive.  She clutches the cigar box and rests her head on the seat as they pull away from the curb in front of the bookstore.  A low rider passes them on the left.  Eve sees an old hag being shoved out of the bar and a homeless man slipping into the abandoned malt shop and the cross-dressing STREET WALKER making eyes at passing cars and Adam hanging up the pay phone he just used.