41) 0) text: CLEAN CUT SURFER KIDS are being served their favorite ice cream and malt treats by MOM herself and a young SODA JERK. Appropriate music comes from the jukebox.
41) 2) dialog: You bet, Mom! Coming up! Two YOUNG MEN IN BEATLE HAIRCUTS enter. Everyone looks at them in amazement. (Perhaps there is also a record change here.)
46) 2) dialog: (stoned)
49) 3) dialog: (after studying her for some time)
49) 6) dialog: Oh, man. I'm like not sure I like that.
55) 0) text: Mom watches the punks enter. Then crosses to the Soda Jerk who now has a tattoo on his forehead.
55) 2) dialog: Could I, like...oh, wow...like,uh...
55) 4) dialog: Yeah!  Yeah, that's it!
55) 6) dialog: Cool.
66) 0) text: TWO DRUNK BUMS are sharing a bottle. One of them is the Soda Jerk, now a  dissipated middle-aged man (with a tattoo on his forehead.)
66) 1) dialog: ...all of these things...Alcoholics Anonymous...Cocaine Anonymous...Heroin Anonymous.
66) 3) dialog: Shut up! All of these things... ask you to believe in a power greater than yourself! Some sort of God on High! Well...I have lifted my eyes skyward a time or two... and I have certainly not seen anything coming from up there except a goddamn airplane -- that I can't afford to get on! The cement FLOOR of the old Malt Shop begins to QUIVER AND RUMBLE.
66) 5) dialog: Let her come!  Let's get this over with!  And please, if there is a God, let it be worse in Bel Air!! The Other Bum staggers to his feet and SPLITS for a back window.  Soda Jerk is fearless.  Until finally the HYDRAULIC DOORS of the back entrance SPLIT THE FLOOR with an eerie, struggling whine and LARGE CHUNKS OF CEMENT GO FLYING.  Then up comes RED SUBMARINE LIGHT followed by Calvin in his BIG YELLOW SUIT with Geiger counter ticking.
66) 6) dialog: Oh, God!  Oh, God!!  Oh,God, save me!! For I have seen the light!! Calvin raises his hand and yells through his mask.
77) 0) text: The Soda Jerk has turned the rear exit into a religious shrine.  He's put flowers and candles and costume jewelry and religious icons (from all the Majors) on top of and around the broken cement.  Currently he's on his knees, rocking back and forth as he prays. And,lo! There came a rumbling even as from the very bowels of the earth and a great light showed forth followed by gates of armor which opened and shut and delivered up the vision of a young man whose countenance caused the Soda Jerk to be struck dumb and to fall on his face and to weep in fear.  And, Adam, taking pity on the man, put down his suitcase, and went to him, saying:
77) 2) dialog: Yes!  Yes!  Oh, Lord!  Yes, oh, yes! But  where is the one who came last night -- all in yellow?!
77) 4) dialog: Ooooohhhh!!  Of course! The father! Forgive me!!  Can you forgive me for my wasted life?!  Everything has been so awful!!
77) 7) dialog: Yes.
77) 9) dialog: Of course you do.  I'll stay here and pray.
77) 12) dialog: No. I don't need money anymore -- I see that now.
77) 14) dialog: The front door is open.  Will you be back?
128) 0) text: The floor rumbles and the metal doors open emitting the red light.  Soda Jerk and TEN OF HIS FOLLOWERS stand up expectantly and anxiously.  Helen appears--and looks at this terribly odd assortment of people.
128) 1) dialog: Who are you?!
128) 4) dialog: It's the mother!! And they all fall down on their knees and worship her with much wailing and rejoicing.  Several speak in tongues. Helen stares at them wide-eyed, presses the button on the control box, and goes back down.
157) 0) text: The Soda Jerk is leading about twelve followers in prayers.
157) 1) dialog: Give us a sign!  That's all we ask! Give us some sort of sign! The front door opens and Adam peers in.  He sees the Soda Jerk; smiles broadly at him and waves.  Then he closes the door.  The Soda Jerk grabs his heart and faints.  His followers rush to his aid.
163) 3) dialog: Archbishop Melker. We met earlier. He promptly drops to his knees in supplication.
163) 8) dialog: It happens.
163) 10) dialog: Horrible.
163) 12) dialog: I know.
166) 0) text: Adam, the Soda Jerk and fifteen followers hurriedly unload the truck, taking provisions into the back door of the malt shop.
171) 0) text: The Soda Jerk drives the rental truck away leaving the lot empty and the door to the Malt Shop closed. Troy and Eve appear after the truck is gone.
184) 0) text: Eve and Troy are showing large color drawings to the Soda Jerk.  In CU we see the Malt Shop exterior all dolled up with a big lighted sign that says "GIVE ME SHELTER." There's valet parking and the Adult Bookstore and Bar have been turned into a Souvenir Center (think Planet Hollywood).  Another drawing shows fashionable guests boarding the elevator.
184) 3) dialog: Praise the Lord.  And I mean the real one.