6) 8) dialog: 
6) 9) text: He sits a few stools away. He's about 25, even-featured, weary. His appealing face needs a shave. The cook fills h glass. The ice cubes rattle as Cameron's hand trembles. H are riveted on the policemen.
6) 14) dialog: 
6) 18) text: The MAN is staring at the TATOO which shows below the rol sleeve of Cameron's shirt, a large American Eagle with el scrollwork and a patriotic slogan. The man pulls up his o to show a small tatoo of an anchor.
6) 23) text: Cameron rises and moves across the diner to the pinball m
6) 32) text: 12A   Cameron's eyes scan the room, passing the TV above it, the commercial shows a beautiful girl (who we'll late NINA FRANKLIN) bending over a bowl of dog food. Her ass, 12B   wiggles engagingly. The pinball player leaves the m Cameron, stalling for time, works the plunger while a cop closer; like the cat to the mouse hole.
6) 37) text: Cameron shoots. The ball bounces crazily inside the machi and buzzers flashing. Another policeman approaches.
6) 49) text: In a lightning-swift motion, the cop clamps his hands dow Cameron's wrists, snapping the HANDCUFFS on. The trap has
6) 51) text: Cameron nods his head in resignation. A big uncontrollabl breaks and spreads over the cop's face.
6) 54) text: Then suddenly, Cameron bolts, desperately springing full the back door. He flings it open. The cops are moving tow One has almost got his gun out.
6) 57) text: Cameron lunges through the doorway, not realizing in his screen door still blocks his path. He tears through it, b stuck halfway.
7) 1) text: As Cameron flies down the back steps, a COP stationed at door, caught off-guard, tries to stop him but is shoved f back. Cameron weaves and scrambles across the yard, over between the shed and the barn, rolling beneath a building other side. Behind him, distant shouts and a gunshot.
8) 0) dialog: 
8) 1) text: As Cameron runs, he moves with a skill that suggests fore alien to him. He crouches low, following tiny avenues in of tree trunks, scrambling on all fours over needles and cones. Sweat pours down his face. His breath rasps in his He breaks into a clearing and FREEZES...suddenly face to MAN who crouches, blocking his path. It is one of the tel linemen we saw earlier.
8) 4) text: The lineman, kneeling at his tool chest, is surprised by The other lineman is halfway up the power pole. They both Cameron's handcuffs. Cameron edges back, his escape route The man on the ground grabs a WRENCH and moves forward wi gleam in his eye we saw when he scared that bird from the
8) 9) text: The lineman advances on him as Cameron backs away.
8) 12) text: The lineman jumps in surprise. Then, enraged like a start he lunges forward with the wrench. Cameron uses the man's against him, his moves those of a trained fighter. A hard his stomach doubles up the lineman. The handcuffed arms s like a club between his shoulder blades driving him to th A kick thrown sideways to his head and the man is out. Th lineman who had started to descend the pole freezes and t step back up. Cameron grabs the lineman's toolbox in his grasp and dashes off into the forest.
8) 18) text: The jaws of a wire-cutter clamp down severing the chain c the cuffs around Cameron's wrists. He lifts his knee from cutter handle. His arms are now free. He wedges a chisel one bracelet and swings a sledgehammer against it. We hea sharp outcry.
8) 20) dialog: 
9) 1) text: Cameron is trudging along the old road winding down throu mountainous pass. He crosses a bridge. Through the arches low stone railing, he sees a BLACK RIVER twenty feet belo toward the sea. Then, glancing back, he is suddenly alert
9) 7) dialog: 
9) 11) text: The speck grows larger. The SOUND of the engine is faintl now. Sunlight flashes from metal and glass. Cameron's app suddenly changes to wonderment, for the vehicle is not th he had feared, but something else. Moving in the shimmeri wave is a splendid, high, humpbacked World War I vintage SEDAN with gleaming brass headlights, roaring towards him
9) 12) dialog: 
9) 16) text: The Duesenberg goes into a skid and then bounces to a sto Running, Cameron reaches the car, pulls the front door op climbs in beside the DRIVER.
10) 3) text: The driver, BURT, is a husky, red-haired man about Camero deeply agitated. Pounding his fist against the steering w talks half to Cameron, half to himself.
10) 11) text: Cameron looks at him, puzzled.
10) 21) text: He puts his boot in Cameron's stomach and shoves hard.
11) 1) text: Cameron comes flying out and lands on his back in the roa Duesenberg squeals forward, its open door slamming shut f momentum.
11) 2) text: Stunned, the wind knocked out of him, Cameron rises to hi Before the old relic has gone thirty yards, again the bra screech, swinging the car into a sliding salute turn, one eighty degrees and it is suddenly screaming back toward C 28
12) 5) text: Cameron, sprawled on the road, is momentarily paralyzed a of the Duesenberg's great brass grill bearing down. His h over a rock and with the same illogical gesture that a so flings a Coke bottle at a tank, Cameron hurls the rock in direction of the car and frantically rolls sideways. The spinning tires brush him as they pass. We catch a momenta of the rock smashing against the gleam of the passing win
12) 8) dialog: 
12) 12) text: It is the same helicopter we saw in the opening sequence. swiftly descended beside the bridge just beyond the raili catching Cameron with no chance to run or hide. FOUR MEN seen inside the plastic cockpit barely a few feet away. T beside the PILOT is ELI CROSS. He grabs the radio microph begins speaking into it. Cameron whirls, scrambles down a field. The helicopter drops to within a few feet of the w hovers. Protected from sight, Cameron runs between the ta away from the road.
12) 14) dialog: 
12) 15) text: Glancing back through the stalks as he runs, Cameron sees TRUCK barreling toward the sight of the accident. In the THREE MEN are frantically putting on black wet-suits. The from this distance, like little black toys tumbling again other. Cameron runs on.
13) 1) text: A few hotels, like a cluster of old Victorian gingerbread a sandy cove beyond which is the sea. There is a fishing boardwalk, hot dog stands, pizza parlors, all swarming wi sunbathing TOURISTS. The town's bucolic, turn-of-the-cent might even survive these, if not for a monstrous yellow C CRANE, which juts ten stories into the sky from the cente sandy cove. Cameron appears on the bluff.
13) 3) dialog: 
14) 1) text: The SCREEN is yellow and on it are the words: 'HAVE A NIC THE ANGLE WIDENS and we realize the words are on the back YELLOW HAT that jiggles as its wearer walks. It is Camero him we see the tide of tourists in oils and ointments fli the sun. Teenage girls at portable toilets adjusting thei The boardwalk cops in white shirts, looking like ice crea whom Cameron deftly avoids. Then, he looks up at the sky, perplexed: the helicopter from the bridge is overhead, ci Cameron watches it warily as he walks.
14) 4) text: A BIG CROWD has formed at the railing of the pier. Many o people with CAMERAS CLICKING at the sand below. Cameron n helicopter is now sharing the sky with a brightly painted cockpit BIPLANE. It is a WORLD WAR I FIGHTER with BRITISH
14) 7) text: Cameron works his way through the crowd. All eyes now loo at the plane. A LOUD VOICE is HEARD coming through an ele BULLHORN.
14) 13) text: Cameron's world has become more ordered again. It's a fil shooting on location -- this somehow must explain the Due His eyes go to the scene below.
14) 31) dialog: 
14) 35) text: 41A   A WOMAN sags into a faint.      A small child in th clutching Cameron's leg.
14) 50) text: The crowd disperses.      A TOURIST turns to Cameron.
14) 58) text: The tourist stiffens as Cameron turns away, his attention by the beating sound of the helicopter. He glances up.
14) 63) text: Wary of the men in the chopper, Cameron is moving down th from the landing site. Suddenly he stops short, caught by he sees O.S. Excitedly he points and begins to shout.
14) 69) text: Cameron is puzzled. He watches as the red-haired actor lo to see who called and finding no one, starts off, but is a LITTLE OLD LADY holding a parasol and offering her auto
14) 104) text: Cameron, sitting on the edge of the pier over the water, this mini-disaster. The undertow from the wave has swept Lady directly beneath him. Reaching down toward her, he y
14) 118) text: CAMERON My God! (choking on water) You're...I know you...that girl from TV...the actress. Nina...
14) 120) text: The sun glistens on the wet, wild young perfection of her ingenuously sparkling laughter and for an instant it's br - a universal boyhood fantasy to suddenly be thrown this that kind of "movie star" beauty. It's something Cameron the pit of his stomach.
14) 121) text: CAMERON My God!...Why the hell...?
14) 124) text: CAMERON They gotta be crazy to cover that face.
14) 128) text: CAMERON In three feet of water?
14) 136) text: Eli, surrounded by the crew and dozens of tourists, is st the water's edge as Cameron wades in and sets Nina down.
14) 142) text: Nina is surrounded by people who are rubbing her with tow pictures, all shouting at once. The CROWD closes in, excl Cameron to the outskirts.
14) 145) text: THREE CREWMEN hustle her off, as she searches the crowd f Cameron...then spots him.
14) 148) text: Cameron waves and starts to wander off as they whisk Nina
14) 151) text: He moves toward Cameron.
14) 154) text: As Eli trots up, Cameron tenses, finally facing this man from the helicopter.
14) 161) text: CAMERON Yeah, I also smoke too much.
14) 163) text: Eli begins to stroll along the sand toward the pilings wh the pier. Cameron hesitates, but Eli's manner compels him follow.
14) 164) text: CAMERON I don't know. He must've gone crazy. He tried to run me down.
14) 166) text: CAMERON (flustered) ...I didn't ask him why! All I know is he was comin' at me very fast. (quoting an axiom spouted by top sergeants in a thousand boot camps) 'You want to get home for Thanksgiving, you better figure the guy comin' at you is tryin' to kill you'...That's one thing I learned from the gooks.
14) 178) text: A POLICE CAR has driven onto the beach. From it, THREE OF have emerged. They are armed and efficient looking. The P MANAGER moves to greet them. Eli takes Cameron's wrist an pulls him back into the shadow of the pilings, (privately to the handcuff he feels beneath the shirt). JAKE, the Ch irate enough to be clearly heard from this distance.
14) 186) text: Eli squats down on his heels and leans back against a pil smiling up at Cameron.
14) 194) text: Cameron studies Eli, not knowing what to make of him.
14) 195) text: CAMERON No...I don't.
14) 197) text: Cameron half laughs despite himself.
14) 199) text: CAMERON What?
14) 203) text: Jake has spotted them and is approaching with his men and Production Manager. Eli puts his hand on Cameron's should steps out into the sunlight.
14) 204) text: ELI (softly, to Cameron) Now, don't get hasty. And, remember your ass, it's just like mine... maybe I can save them both.
14) 219) text: (after a pause; quietly) No explanations...don't have any. But, maybe he does... (staring at Cameron) Go ahead, ask him, Jake.
14) 220) text: Eli's words are exploding in Cameron's mind -- that illus on the bridge has crystallized into hard reality.
14) 221) text: CAMERON (wide-eyed) ...Now wait!...You're not blaming me for...
14) 222) text: ELI (wheeling on Cameron) Why not, Burt?! Because you're a fake?! Because you're just a goddamn daredevil with a head full of marbles?!
14) 223) text: Cameron vaguely understands that Eli is trying to pass hi Burt and that he, somehow, may be saved by going along wi madness. Eli, turning to Jake, continues passionately...
14) 225) text: The Chief is dazed. If this is Burt, the stunt man, he is alive. Jake goes to Cameron.
14) 228) text: The Chief stares at Cameron. His clothes and hair are wet is a small bruise on his cheek from when he fell out of t Duesenberg. He looks the part. Jake turns to Eli with res
14) 233) text: He walks to the waiting police car, surrounded by TOURIST pictures. He glares at them, angry at the world. Eli puts on Cameron's shoulder and leads him through the dispersin toward the hotel. Eli is now easygoing and friendly.
14) 235) text: CAMERON I didn't get a chance to say a word. I just listened.
14) 237) text: CAMERON How? What about the crew? They going to look at me and say, 'Hi, Burt?'
14) 246) text: Eli turns back to Cameron as they mount the steps.
14) 247) text: CAMERON By tomorrow the local cops'll know what I look like. I can't hang around.
14) 251) text: In exhaustion and resignation, Cameron nods and wearily c eyes.
15) 4) text: Part of the laundry room is being used for the film's Hai Department. Cameron sits in a barber chair wearing a plas surrounded by dryers, wigs, etc. In b.g., washing machine constantly. DENISE, the Hairdresser, an attractive earthy thirty-two, stands over him. He is still wary and trying show it.
15) 16) text: Through the window, the crew is setting up a shot while E rehearses with Nina and his red-haired male star, RAYMOND (who Cameron earlier saw on the beach). Bailey is dressed World War I British aviator and Nina as a young girl of t
15) 24) text: CAMERON (moving toward window) Why not?
15) 27) text: CAMERON What's she like? I've seen her on
15) 30) text: CAMERON What are you sore about?
15) 34) text: Snaring a crumpled garment, she kicks it toward Cameron, it instinctively, then holds it up for inspection -- a pa (Nina's) lace panties. He grins, mildly embarrassed by th
15) 40) text: She reaches for the panties, but instead takes his hand a sharply, pulling him off balance, falling back on the lau with Cameron on top of her, their faces inches apart; sur his, amusement on hers.
15) 43) text: Cameron is trying to remember: what was it Eli said? "Clo eyes, relax and enjoy." Across the room the washing machi whirl and heave.
16) 17) text: Eli climbs to his feet as the laughter subsides. Cameron, wearing a uniform exactly like Raymond's, watches from th sidelines.
16) 36) text: Cameron crosses to them. He and Raymond stand appraising other, red-haired men in identical uniforms. As Raymond o hand:
17) 11) text: As the Messenger leaves, Chuck strolls over to where Came waiting, circles around him, sizing him up. Cameron is no wearing the uniform, but now is in jeans and a work shirt
17) 13) text: CAMERON Not really.
17) 15) text: CAMERON (good-naturedly) I got out of Vietnam in one piece. Let me tell you that wasn't a bad stunt.
17) 17) text: CAMERON Seems like yesterday.
17) 28) text: He throws Cameron some knee pads from his stunt bag and b marking off two lines on the bare earth between the grave the churchyard.
17) 33) text: Cameron hops up to the starting line, finishing with the clumsily, surveys the distance of not more than seven fee
17) 41) text: CAMERON (returns to the starting line) Don't bury me yet.
17) 44) text: Cameron has landed three beyond the mark and looks up at shaken.
17) 46) text: CAMERON Show me, sergeant.
17) 48) text: CAMERON Very fancy.
17) 50) text: CAMERON Okay?
17) 52) text: CAMERON My speciality is Hopscotch.
17) 61) text: Cameron is surprised to see that Chuck is grinning.
18) 3) text: Cameron sailing into the SHOT. Chuck ducks slightly, catc Cameron on his back and flipping him into a somersault. C lands on the sharply slanted slate roof of the municipal Chuck stands beside him straddling the peak. The church s be seen in b.g. (and we now realize time has passed and w longer in the graveyard of the previous sequence, but ato building).
18) 13) text: Cameron goes running at Chuck and once again flies over h shoulder. Sprawling on the slippery slate, he looks up to strolling down the hazardous incline like a mountain goat scrambles to follow.
18) 16) text: They have reached the lower edge of the roof.    Cameron the drop.
19) 1) text: Cameron's face is beginning to sweat and the veins are bu the growing strain of some physical effort.
19) 4) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal Cameron dangling from a secti gutter, four stories above the ground.
20) 1) text: In a large vacant hall on the ground floor of the municip building, a movie set has been erected representing the w a World War I military asylum. In it, Eli's crew is filmi sequence -- a dozen enraged INMATES in tatters, heads sha eyed, advance toward Raymond, shrieking (as though in ech Cameron's exultant yell).
22) 10) text: The truth in Eli's statement registers on Sam. Cameron si down the table, watching Nina watch Eli...and wishing she watching him.
22) 17) text: ELI That's the big question, Sam. Name the disease and you've licked the screenplay. (indicating Cameron) Ask him. 'Cause he knows what the film is about. Right Lucky? Tell 'em...How'd you like Vietnam?
22) 18) text: CAMERON How'd you like bubonic plague?
22) 20) text: CAMERON No.
22) 21) text: ELI See, Sam? Here's another one who hates war...but he enlisted. (to Cameron) You fought in Vietnam for two years? ...I mean actually were out there killing people...
22) 22) text: CAMERON ...Hey, I didn't kill that many people...
22) 24) text: Cameron is starting to bristle at Eli's needling, particu Nina watching.
22) 25) text: CAMERON About what?
22) 27) text: CAMERON (tentatively) ...that you better figure the guy coming at you is trying to kill you...?
22) 39) text: The deadly in Eli's voice was more than intended and ther suddenly an awkward silence at the table. Cameron eyes El wry smile.
22) 40) text: CAMERON You mean, bang? Kill 'em, just like that?
22) 53) text: Jake, the Chief of Police, is seen in the background appr table. Cameron spots him and starts to rise.
22) 55) dialog: ...If you'll excuse me...
22) 69) text: Cameron, realizing the film might disclose his presence o bridge, reacts with alarm, which increases as Eli says...
22) 74) text: Then, suddenly noticing something different about Cameron appearance...
22) 81) text: Jake pulls a PHOTOGRAPH from a manila envelope and hands Cameron.
22) 88) text: A wire photo, front and side views of Cameron, taken at h induction. War ages a man...he looks younger and quite di his GI Haircut.
22) 93) text: Cameron hands the photo back to the Chief, who passes it table. Denise receives the photograph, studies it and gla Cameron, expressionless. He returns her gaze.
22) 107) text: Eli looks at Cameron with grudging admiration.
22) 119) text: Raymond "gathers" Nina along the way, wrapping his arm ab shoulders -- Cameron watching silently. Then, charging fr the dining room like a tanker steaming in their wake, com gushing, overwrought, blue-rinsed MATRON.
23) 1) text: Drawers are slamming open and shut as Cameron hurriedly s few belongings into his pockets.
23) 4) text: It's a mean little bedroom, with Sam's clothes, typewrite evidence. Seeing Sam's wallet, Cameron pulls a wad of mon it, at the same time accidentally knocking Sam's false te dresser. He hesitates, then stuffs back all the bills but He strides to Sam's closet, pulls out shirt and slacks, s in a cloth beach bag, also belonging to Sam and starts ou Then he stops, gets on his hands and knees, looking for t teeth, which he finally finds. Now, annoyed at himself fo "nice guy," he throws them carelessly on the dresser and exits.
24) 1) text: As Cameron moves down the steps, the returning company ST pulls to a stop in the driveway. Nina, Raymond and a few emerge from the car. Cameron turns away so as not to be s they pass him on the steps heading for the entrance.
24) 8) text: 74A   They've entered the hotel. Cameron continues to the stairs, hesitates, looking back at Nina.
24) 11) dialog: 
24) 19) text: CAMERON (smiles) Hi.
24) 22) text: Cameron's mind is racing over all the things he'd like to would know him instantly. But his answer is simple and so sincere.
24) 23) text: CAMERON Not much. I guess if there were any real danger, Eli wouldn't let me do it, would he?
24) 25) text: CAMERON (abruptly, with a boyish grin) Good. Then you jump.
24) 28) text: CAMERON Well, come on.
25) 1) text: It is crowded with bells, a small walkway and railing sur them. The city lights are seen beyond. Below are the shed crewmen are preparing the next day's shooting. Just beyon overwhelming silhouette of the huge CRANE. Nina and Camer the top of the stairs winded and laughing, as they rush t railing and lean over. Nina gasps, clutching Cameron in g fright.
27) 1) text: The church door swings open. Nina and Cameron emerge, cov their embarrassment with bravado. Nina is prattling as th tour guide.
27) 19) text: Privately, she gives Cameron's arm an affectionate squeez disappears around the corner of the building. He is left the beach bag, pursued by the Peter Pan in the basket. It dropped to ground level so Eli is looking up at Cameron.
27) 21) text: CAMERON Thanks, I'll walk.
27) 22) text: Eli's basket now moves up a few feet so he's looking down Cameron, riding beside him while he walks.
27) 24) text: CAMERON Okay to be upset about what happened in the dining room? Why'd you promise to show that cop the film? He'll recognize me.
27) 29) text: He pulls Cameron into the basket beside him so unexpected Cameron drops Sam's bag. Eli picks it up and plops it int Cameron's lap. Suddenly Cameron finds himself soaring sky stomach-churning rate -- while Eli rattles on...probing, quixotic...
27) 32) text: Now, hanging ten stories above the city, Eli is adjusting viewer, looking at a cluster of RED FLASHING LIGHTS IN TH He hands the viewer to Cameron, who looks through it.
27) 51) text: CAMERON You're close. What's your advice?
27) 53) text: CAMERON (overwhelmed by the offer) I'll swim like a fish. You really mean it? (Eli nods) Why are you trying to save my ass?
28) 1) text: The thunderous clang of bells! Cameron ready, coiled tigh pounding as loud as the bells. A burst of machine gun bul through the railing beside him, sending splinters flying face.
28) 8) text: Near Cameron, the SECOND A.D., crouched out of sight with talkie, stabs a finger at him.
28) 11) text: A burst of tracer bullets streak past Cameron. Sparks fly bullets seem to bounce and ricochet off the bells.
28) 15) text: The Second A.D. slams his hand down on a PLUNGER, setting series of explosive squibs. Like machine gun bullets, the shattering the railing, moving toward Cameron, forcing hi edge of the tower.
28) 16) text: Vaulting over the rail, he clings to the side of the bell Explosive bursts disintegrate the railing in his hand. He out, launching himself into space. Twisting, hurtling acr gap between the buildings, falling, crashing to the slate crawling and scrambling for a hand hold. The relentless t bullets chip the slate beside him. Crouching low, Cameron animal, moves across the roof to the safety of a water to Squibs burst over his head and spouts of water stream fro tower.
28) 20) text: Moving around the tower, suddenly there are TWO GERMAN SO running at him with bayoneted rifles. He wheels and there ANOTHER GERMAN (Chuck), who leaps toward him, slamming do rifle butt. The blow glances off Cameron. They grapple, k clawing, rolling down the steep slope, picking up momentu
28) 22) text: The roof's edge rushes toward them, below it a fearsome d Cameron's hands reach out desperately grabbing for the ra Chuck, screaming, hurtles off the edge, writhing as his b in space toward the ground.
28) 23) dialog: 
28) 26) text: Chuck, lying relaxed on the straw and mattress safety pad caught him on the ground, looks up, cups his hands and sh Cameron.
28) 31) text: Cameron, running for his life along the edge of the roof, soldiers shooting down at him from the roof's peak. He re far end, looks down. There is the awning jutting from an wall two stories below. He scrambles off the roof. Clingi down spout, he starts descending it.
28) 35) dialog: 
28) 36) text: The bracket holding the down spout breaks loose. The spou to fall away from the side of the building. Cameron cling riding its downward arc as though it were a falling tree.
28) 41) text: At the end of the arc, Cameron throws himself free for a landing and smashes against the awning. Instead of holdin apart like paper and, in that unexpected instant, Cameron widen in genuine terror as he plummets through the shredd toward a skylight one floor below.
28) 45) text: Collapsing from the impact of Cameron's fall. The MAN and were making love on the cot have been flung to the ground entwined with him. Cameron is dazed. Like a drowning man, to free himself from the tangle of naked limbs and smothe A painted face shrieks in laughter -- as the door to the in is thrown open, revealing:
28) 48) text: Cameron has fallen into a cubicle in what appears to be a I German army brothel. In the high-ceilinged room, there of cots separated by makeshift screens. COUPLES jump up f cots startled. A line of partly naked GERMAN SOLDIERS wai turn at the whores have broken into shouts and laughter a unorthodox entrance. They crowd around the cubicle where fell and now struggles with the couple.
28) 54) dialog: 
28) 61) text: Cameron's confusion changes to helpless fury as he kicks struggles against a forest of grasping hands ripping his away, passing him back toward the rear of the line.
28) 64) text: Whores have left their cots to join in the assault, scree glee. As he maniacally lashes out at his good-natured mol the blood from Cameron's face smears a whore's body.
28) 66) text: Instantly everything stops. Cameron is sprawled half-nake knees at the end of the line. Enraged, he whirls toward E caused this humiliation. Then the CLAPPING begins, the CA CREW applauding his stunt. People slap him on the back ad A robe is thrown around him. He is helped to his feet. Su Nina is there flinging her arms about him and kissing him mouth.
28) 68) text: He is pulled away from her by the backslappers. Now Camer responding to this strange new sensation -- the warmth of acclaim. He regains his poise, hoping his embarrassing an noticed. Chuck is now beside him, reaching up to the woun Cameron's face and pulling away the plastic makeup patch blood inside; the "wound" is gone. He starts feeling Came shoulders, arms and ribs for possible damage.
28) 69) text: CAMERON (quietly to Chuck, wincing in pain) Why didn't you tell me about the awning? I could have been killed.
28) 95) text: Eli continues toward Cameron.    Chuck is spraying ethyl his bare tattooed shoulder.
28) 103) text: Eli laughs and moves off, Cameron staring after him.
28) 120) text: The crew laughs and so does Nina.    Cameron feels humili patronizing tone.
29) 7) text: Revealing Eli and Cameron walking through the hotel GARAG replica of the lost Duesenberg which a MECHANIC works on.
29) 13) text: ...Really? Rape? No. I think you're putting me on. Come on, now, no more hints. (he thinks) Let's see...Christ, could be anything. I know a guy in this state got 20 years for having cunnilingus with his wife. (studies Cameron) No...I guess you're not the type. More likely some hideous crime of violence...
29) 14) text: Eli is getting under Cameron's skin.     They stop at car
29) 19) text: Mechanic nods toward a door at the rear of the garage. El fender of the Duesenberg. Cameron views it with a strange unease. Putting his arm around Cameron's shoulder, Eli le toward the back door yelling to mechanic.
30) 9) text: Eli squats on his haunches peering between the legs of th and tugs on Cameron's sleeve to join him.
30) 17) text: Cameron and Eli rise to their feet.
30) 26) text: Suddenly Cameron is shoved backwards by the door as someo against it to get in.
30) 35) text: Nina tries to peer over the heads of the crowd, pushing i room. Cameron steps toward her without thinking. He wants of there.
30) 43) text: There is general laughter, but not shared by Cameron. He surprisingly finds himself angry at Nina's presence here everyone's easy familiarity toward her. She sees Cameron through the smokey dimness and works her way toward them Eli puts his arms about her shouting over the din.
30) 46) text: More laughter.   Nina turns to Cameron.
30) 54) text: CAMERON Having fun with me, aren't you? It's Eli's potty training class. Show little Lucky the pretty lady. Make dirt on the pretty lady. Watch little Lucky puke. Trouble with you is you think the whole world is your own personal crapper. (Cameron starts to exit) Have yourself a time...Just wallow around in it, man. Watching you makes me feel like Mr. Clean.
30) 55) text: Cameron storms out in a rage. Eli watches with a thoughtf Sam, who has witnessed the outburst, turns to Eli, furiou
30) 69) text: Sam's anger fades to a sheepish grin, realizing he's fall Eli's trap. Where his daughter is concerned, he's just as as Cameron. Eli snaps an affectionate headlock around Sam
31) 15) dialog: 
31) 45) text: Nina, close to tears, quickly gets up and hurries out of theater, as Cameron sits there numbly staring at the scre
32) 36) text: 108   Cameron is startled.   He was not aware that Eli ev the room.
32) 45) dialog: (off guard, embarrassed) What else? I'd dance for joy...I'd probably do a jig.
32) 73) text: It screams down vertically, full power, machine guns blaz smashes into the earth, shredding to fragments hurled in direction. The dead German pilot is flung crumpled to the The plane's carcass explodes, filling the screen with fir smoke through which we see a brightly colored PARACHUTE d The FIGURE dangling beneath it passes through the smoke a and tumbles to the ground, rolling, his parachute now abl Cameron dressed in a British flyer's uniform.
32) 75) text: To show the hand-held Arriflex at Gabe's eye, Eli behind steering Gabe by the back of his belt and carrying the ba as they photograph Cameron shedding the harness. With the they crouch and move together like a three-headed, four-a legged creature.
32) 76) text: Banking steeply, a British fighter roars past Cameron, it almost brushing the ground, machine guns rattling, drivin advancing German soldiers back toward the woods.
32) 77) text: The plane touches down to rescue Cameron, the pilot becko Cameron has pulled off the dead German pilot's boots and Stray bullets strike about him as he sprints to the idlin plane. It is a single-seater. It starts to pick up speed. grabs a strut and scrambles up onto the lower wing.
32) 80) text: The bucket hanging from the giant CRANE descends. Smoothl guides Gabe backward, seating him in the bucket. The buck lifting Gabe while he photographs the scene, as the plane Cameron on the wing becomes airborne.
32) 87) text: The giant arm of the crane swings and rises with the plan completing Gabe's spectacular shot. Now we see a HELICOPT into frame, photographing the plane from the other side. chopper and the vintage British plane bank together in pe formation with Cameron standing spread-eagled between the struts like a flying Christ, as they soar into the sun.
32) 88) dialog: 
32) 89) text: Seated on the wing, his back against he fuselage, legs fi against the struts. His white silk scarf streams into the wind. Jamming a champagne bottle into the German's boot, it up. The pilot grins approval, popping the cork on a se bottle which spouts foam into the slipstream. Laughing, h glass to Cameron and pours from above. The liquid is lost wind. Shrugging, he swigs from the bottle and hands it to Cameron drinks. The champagne pours down his throat and f holding the strut with one hand, he rises to his feet.
32) 90) text: The pilot waggles his wings, giving Cameron a seesaw ride bottle back. Cameron now seems drunk. He lets go of the s stands leaning against the wind. As the pilot toasts his Cameron's balance falters and he grabs the strut.
32) 91) text: Now, Cameron picks his way through the guywires toward th the wing. Then he bounces up and down, rocking the plane. pilot starts to sing to Cameron's rhythm, "How ya gonna k down on the farm..." And Cameron dances the Charleston.
33) 13) text: Cameron holds the boot poised, lets go. Then, the pilot i by a bursting shell. As he slumps over, the plane skids a and drops off into a spin. Cameron clings for his life as sickening momentum grows, until his feet are flung out fr him and he dangles from the wing, whipping in space.
33) 37) text: Apparently hurtling through the air, his eyes widen at th impact. A gasp and then a sharp cry. But instead of the crash...the ANGLE WIDENS and we see it is Cameron reachin With extreme contentment on his face, he rolls over revea who, it is clear, has also had a lovely time.
33) 46) text: Cameron gets up, moving toward the dresser to turn off th but instead stops at the stand holding the Old Lady wig. his fingers through it as the clock continues to ring.
33) 51) text: Subtly, we sense something is bothering Cameron.    He ig still-ringing clock.
33) 56) text: CAMERON Why can't I double for both of you? I could use the money and I don't look half bad.
33) 61) text: CAMERON Eli might really go for that, the big soldier as a little old lady.
33) 64) text: CAMERON Everything's beautiful.
33) 69) text: CAMERON We've got to consider Eli. If you don't study the scene, he'll be mad...then you'll get mad...and I'll get shot out of a cannon.
33) 72) text: CAMERON I want it to ring.
33) 74) text: CAMERON For me, that's why. That's Eli yelling for you to work on your scene and us saying, "Up yours, Eli," and I like that.
33) 76) text: CAMERON I want to make love to you while Eli is screaming his head off.
33) 79) text: CAMERON Betcha can.
33) 81) text: CAMERON (to ringing clock while making love to Nina) You tell 'em, Eli.
33) 90) text: ANGLE WIDENS, showing a small STORAGE ROOM has been conve makeshift EDITING ROOM, where Chuck sits working the MOVI Slowly becoming aware of someone, he glances up through t reels and dimly sees Cameron leaning in the doorway.
33) 93) text: Cameron ambles over as Chuck reverses the film to see it time. Even as he catches a glimpse of the film whirring b he realizes he's seeing BURT'S DEATH SCENE in the water. has reached the beginning of the film and is moving it fo again.
33) 104) text: Sweat is running down Cameron's face.    Finally, with dr
33) 113) text: Cameron's face reflects immense relief. At least he's not that. The flung stone was not the cause. Now, abruptly, B body begins to move more violently.
34) 7) text: Nina's listening intensely but something catches her eye. tourists at the doorway stands Cameron, who has paused to costume slung over his shoulder. He nods to her with a sm smile. Subtly, so Eli won't notice, she smiles back, then her concentration.
35) 39) text: Cameron just sinks back in the chair, slowly dying.
36) 45) text: Everybody is applauding, wild with joy over Nina's great performance. Tears of happiness run unabashedly down Sam' Only Cameron is sullen, seething with anger and jealousy them in the light of his recent information.
36) 48) text: Cameron is standing aside, while Nina vainly looks around Denise is unpinning her wig. Chuck approaches Cameron.
36) 52) text: Cameron, still watching Nina and Eli in the now dwindling admirers, doesn't answer.
36) 54) text: CAMERON What does Eli say?
36) 56) text: CAMERON Tell Eli to do it.
36) 58) text: CAMERON I'm tired of being somebody's goddamn clown!
36) 60) text: CAMERON Fine, Eli. Let's be brotherly. Milk brothers, sucking from the same tit.
36) 65) text: As it explodes, Cameron is BLOWN THROUGH THE WALL -- ON F tumbles to the ground, frantically writhes, rolls, trying the flames, finally collapsing in some wagon tracks fille muddy water. Cameron lifts his head at the approach of a SOUND...an ENGLISH CAISSON hurtles toward him, the driver mangled over the barrel of the gun, the horses insane wit Before Cameron can move, the charging horses are on top o rolls between their hooves, the giant steel wheel of the barely missing him. Shells from a cannon barrage are burs about. Cameron staggers to his feet and scrambles over a wall for protection, drops to the other side and then hur the air as the wall is shattered by an exploding shell.
36) 67) text: As Cameron falls into the shot, landing on a hidden TRAMP the stone wall, bouncing up and down 'til he finally come
36) 73) text: Cameron stares over the edge of the trampoline as Henry, assistant cameraman, uneasily faces Eli.
36) 90) text: Cameron is so intrigued that he hasn't realized an EMBER through his asbestos protector, until suddenly he feels t and frantically begins beating it out and thus, is even d pleasure of savoring Eli's anguish.
36) 92) text: Rosy-faced and dewy-eyed and wearing a big floppy hat. Se trouble with Cameron and that she might be at fault, she to do a campy, cutesy Blanche Dubois stepping off "THE ST NAMED DESIRE" number, ten years too soon.
36) 97) text: Cameron lies on his bed in a T-shirt and shorts, an elast around his knee and an ice bag at his neck, coldly watchi performance as she grandly moves through the doorway into
36) 101) text: From behind her back, she takes an APPLE with a tiny cock parasol stuck in it and holds it out to Cameron. Cameron glaring at her with mounting rage.
36) 103) text: CAMERON (coldly) What should I congratulate you for? The fucking scene or for fucking the director?
36) 106) text: She leaves. Cameron lies there seething, then abruptly le storms into the bathroom. Sam sits rubbing his head, resu typing. Cameron rages out of the bathroom, flings himself bed. Unwinding the elastic bandage, he sprays ethyl chlor knee. Sam's typing stops.
36) 108) text: Cameron ignores Sam.
36) 112) text: CAMERON You and the entire crew, buddy.
36) 114) text: CAMERON (interrupting in anger) ...All she had to do was tell me!
36) 116) text: CAMERON You telling me he banged her once three years ago?
36) 120) text: CAMERON Yeah...
36) 127) text: Cameron sits there feeling dumb and full of regrets. Then up, goes to Sam's closet and begins rummaging through the Sam watches him curiously.
37) 1) text: The pleasant SEAFOOD RESTAURANT is on the pier over the w Cameron, now wearing Sam's sweater after all, is searchin crowded room trying to find Nina and what might be her fa is about to leave when he sees a group at a window table, WOMAN in their early fifties and a FOURTEEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL attractive despite the baby fat. Something about the comp all their features is familiar enough to give them a seco In doing so, he sees a half-eaten BIRTHDAY CAKE on their front of an empty place. He goes to the table.
37) 24) text: At this moment Cameron can tell from their faces that the Nina behind him. He turns.
37) 31) text: Nina has emerged from the ladies' room looking miserable walking toward them. At the shock of seeing Cameron, her to her mouth in such embarrassment and joy and confusion she feels, that she starts back to the refuge of the ladi Catching herself, she turns back to face him, her eyes no with tears of happiness.
38) 6) text: ANGLE shifts to include Cameron a few stools down.    He his beer and crosses to henry.
38) 8) text: CAMERON Ya quittin'?
38) 11) text: HENRY (CONT'D) Change is for you, except that. That's a very special dime. (holds it up for Cameron to see) Know what this is? Ask me!
38) 12) text: CAMERON It's a dime...am I close?
38) 14) text: Cameron pales, knowing that drunken Henry's desire for re expose him to the police. He grabs the dime from Henry's and drops it into a PEANUT VENDING MACHINE.
38) 16) text: Cameron stuffs the bag of peanuts in Henry's shirt pocket suitcase and hustles him out of the bar toward the FRONT
38) 17) text: CAMERON
38) 21) text: They have reached the HOTEL DOORWAY.   By now, Henry is c Cameron means business. He stops.
38) 23) text: CAMERON (blustering) Not to me, he ain't. I'm going to the cops. You gotta earn your living in pictures, but I don't give a shit. He can't hurt me.
38) 25) text: CAMERON (confused) Henry, what are you talking about? I watched that whole thing today, he didn't even touch you.
38) 31) text: As Henry's last words sink in, Cameron stands pale and sh
38) 34) text: Henry takes the suitcase from Cameron's numb hand and pus the door, looks back for a parting shot.
38) 38) dialog: 
38) 42) text: Cameron's hand thrusts KEY into the hole, flings open the NINA'S BEDROOM and barges in.
38) 48) text: He FREEZES. Over his shoulder, we see Nina, naked, lying bed. Raymond, also naked, sits slumped on the edge of the utterly disconsolate. The three stare at each other, an a tableau. Cameron whirls and leaves, slamming the door beh almost off its hinges.
39) 1) text: He comes down the steps like a madman. Raging, Cameron st across the lobby toward the glass doors that will take hi Eli's grotesque wonderland. He collides with a group of r night FISHERMEN still in their slickers, carrying their e their catch wrapped in newspapers. For a moment he is tan their tackle, FISH TUMBLING AND SLIDING along the marble
39) 4) text: Cameron stares at them, whirls and rushes back across the up the stairs.
40) 1) text: As Cameron bursts in.   She stands in her robe in the cen room, glaring at him.
40) 16) text: Cameron, realizing for the first time that instead of bei or frightened, she is livid with rage?
40) 17) text: CAMERON (coldly) My girl gave me her key!
40) 19) text: CAMERON (ironically) Then gee, ma'am, I sure hope you didn't tell him about all that ballin' last night.
40) 21) text: CAMERON (not giving an inch) You couldn'a said that with your clothes on?!
40) 24) text: CAMERON Did ya look in the laundry hamper?
40) 31) text: Cameron crosses to the door. Searching through this madne some kind of logic, turning on her.
40) 32) text: CAMERON I don't have any rights? I don't have the right to be pissed off...?
40) 34) text: CAMERON (interrupting) The word is "fuck!"
40) 36) text: CAMERON (interrupting) Don't. Don't push me. I don't know this freaky world you live in, but I know that there still must be a couple of places where people somehow believe in...
40) 39) text: CAMERON ...A place where a guy has a right to blow his top if he finds his lover screwing...
40) 44) text: Cameron, exhausted, slides down the wall and sits on the
40) 48) text: CAMERON (wearily) Okay...okay. I just want to sit a couple of seconds without having to say a word. Because if I start trying to say, "I'm sorry I caught you and Raymond fucking," I'll start laughing and when I laugh too hard, I get the hiccups and they can last for days.
40) 50) text: CAMERON (quietly) Isn't anything what it seems to be?...
41) 1) text: Dailies are in progress. Eli watches, surrounded by a few members. Cameron sits in the back row with Nina's MOTHER, and SISTER. Nina is not present. On the PORTABLE SCREEN i of Nina as a wild, radiant eighteen-year old Austrian gir pell-mell along a willow-lined VILLAGE STREET, dodging ch 148A   bicycles. She collides with an OLD MAN, her basket contents scattering; his momentary anger vanishing as he with her joy of life. He helps her refill the basket and rewards him with a sausage and a kiss. The old man watche wistfully as she runs away.
41) 23) dialog: 
43) 0) dialog: 
43) 1) text: Striding rapidly down the hall, looking like a man who ho a fight, to dissipate his residual anger. He rounds a cor almost colliding with Eli, who comes rapidly from an inte corridor. Eli puts his arm around Cameron's shoulder, hur along even faster.
43) 4) text: Cameron shrugs his arm off in annoyance as they round the hurry down some STAIRS.
43) 8) text: CAMERON Where are we rushing to?    I Was asleep...
43) 12) text: CAMERON Short words.
43) 15) text: CAMERON (looking at the book as he walks) What the hell is this?
43) 17) text: CAMERON Did Burt read this?
43) 19) text: CAMERON (hands it back to him)
44) 1) text: Jake is there with SEVERAL OTHER MEN. But before Cameron register who they are, Eli is saying...
44) 4) text: Immediately the lights snap off and the film is projected screen. In the dark, the men in the room fumble their way On the projection screen we see a helicopter SHOT OF THE APPROACHING THE BRIDGE. Cameron is suddenly alert like a beast who's just heard the trap slam shut behind him. His around at the official-looking faces staring at the O.S. face looks disturbingly familiar, but in the dark he can'
44) 15) text: The MAN Cameron couldn't recognize speaks out.
44) 18) text: The lights go on and Cameron looks at the speaker, recogn as one of the TELEPHONE LINEMEN. Apparently, the lineman recognize Cameron in his new identity.
44) 25) text: Cameron follows Eli as the lights go out and the film beg
45) 1) text: Cameron moves swiftly down the corridor behind Eli, who s the stairs, still blithely chewing his gum.
45) 16) text: Cameron understands the implied threat and Eli, knowing h his point, continues good-humoredly.
45) 38) text: Eli blows a BUBBLE with his gum that POPS on cue as thoug the explosion of the bouncing Betty. Grinning, he sticks booklet in Cameron's shirt pocket, turns and walks off.
46) 1) text: Scattered about the room are suitcases, a wardrobe trunk, completed packing for tomorrow's departure. Nina lies in staring into nothing, Cameron beside her. Each is talking himself, adrift in his private world, unaware they have l with the other. The room is semi-dark, except for the nig light on Cameron's side, by which he studies the BOOKLET him.
46) 13) dialog: (eyes on the book) Beautiful...There's a second school of thought that says the first school is all wet. It says, "Keep the windows rolled up tight and wait for the air bubble."
46) 17) dialog: (not looking up) He's not a cruel man.   He's a crazy man. A maniac.
46) 21) dialog: (reading) "The water pressure at two hundred feet can crush a man into the size of an egg." He wants to get that on film....so he's gonna kill me.
46) 25) dialog: It's a rotten shame about your folks and your naked ass, but dying always scared me a little, okay?
46) 34) text: CAMERON Did you know that Eli almost strangled a man because he stopped the camera when Burt got killed?!
46) 36) text: CAMERON ...I saw the bruises!
46) 38) text: CAMERON She saw the tears! Did you ask him what he was crying about?! 'Cause you can bet your sweet tits, it wasn't over Burt. He was crying over losing his fucking shot!
46) 41) text: CAMERON And you know what? You want the shock of your life...? I understand what the son-of-a-bitch is saying, and he may be right...which makes me what? Minus twelve, the dumb schmuck with a gun. That doesn't change the fact that he's crazy. If he had his way, there wouldn't be a soldier left alive by morning. But
46) 49) text: Cameron calmly picks up the phone.
46) 50) text: CAMERON Hi...hello?
46) 52) text: CAMERON (glancing at Nina) Okay, Chuck. I'll meet you in an hour. (he hangs up) For me. Amazing how they keep secrets around here.
46) 53) text: He walks over to the still-stricken Nina and tenderly emb She leans against him, the trembling subsiding. CAMERON What if I told you I wasn't going to do the stunt?
46) 57) text: CAMERON And what if I told you I was gonna get out of here tonight...and that I want you to come with me?
46) 59) text: CAMERON What if I can't wait?
46) 61) text: CAMERON That's a shame.
46) 65) text: By now she is stalking about the room throwing things fro suitcase to another as Cameron silently watches her.
47) 1) text: Which stands alone like Moby Dick awaiting its victim. Ch Cameron appear from behind the car, stalking it like it w Sunday Special on a used car lot, Chuck the "hearty" sale Cameron the reluctant customer.
47) 8) text: Cameron inhales deeply and Chuck clicks his stopwatch.
47) 11) text: CHUCK Now, look around. Whaddya see?...No roll bar in the roof. That's because the roof caving in really looks gassy on film. You got your protection in the back of the seat...steel sheeting. If the roof goes too far, you get your goddamn head down quick! You listening to me?!...Nod Your head. (slapping Cameron on back) You got good lungs. (buckles Cameron's seatbelt) You got no shoulder harness because it would show on camera. So when you hit the water, you brace yourself against the steering wheel. It's reinforced. You couldn't break it loose with dynamite...you gettin' light-headed yet?
47) 12) text: Cameron shakes his head, "No."
47) 13) text: CHUCK Keep your hands off the doors... You're leaving through the window. You lower them slowly as you sink to equalize the pressure. What are you waitin' for? I'm not gonna be down there holding your hand. (Cameron lowering windows) Slower. When you hit bottom, the windows are open and you're gonna make like a minnow. But first, a little fresh air wouldn't hurt. You reach down under the seat and, what do you know, a respirator...Make like you're reaching for it. There'll be one there tomorrow.
47) 14) text: Cameron reaches for the non-existent respirator.
47) 19) text: By this time, Cameron's breath is giving out and he's str hold it.
47) 22) text: That knocks the wind out of Cameron.
48) 0) dialog: 
48) 7) text: Eli pulls Gabe and Nina toward the police station, yellin Cameron and Chuck.
48) 10) text: Cameron watches them, confused, as they start up the step the station house.
50) 1) text: Cameron stands, peering in through the big front window, once again betrayed. It's like watching TV with the sound From here, Nina and Raymond are very convincing. Chuck le against a lamppost, smoking a cigarette, as the charade g
53) 1) text: Partly crated props and costumes, luggage belonging to th film crew is piled against the wall and on shelves. In th cavernous half-lit room, Cameron, once again the coiled, animal, moves through the shadows among the racks of suit pulling them aside, searching. Discovering one, he sets i floor. It's locked. With a metal bar, he breaks the lock eagerly rifles the contents. Then, sensing a presence, he There stands Nina at the base of the steps watching him. a glance to her, he goes on with his search.
53) 9) text: Cameron stuffs the wallet in his pocket, moving along the suitcases. He pulls out a duffel bag, unzips it, shaking
53) 33) text: CAMERON Easy with that tatoo...it mighta lost me Eli, but it won me Lt. Emily Schmidt, the greatest boobs in Southeast Asia...and a very patriotic chick. So I got this tattoo, for 28 bucks. And when she saw this shoulder, let me tell ya, holy Jesus! Following which I got the clap from the Lt. And hepatitis from the tattoo needle. You know what bothers me? I think Emily is gonna be very offended by Eli's picture.
53) 36) text: CAMERON Eli'd tell you...I was a soldier. I did the same as everybody, just one of the boys... emptied my M-16 at any sound... don't know whether I killed gooks or cherries...the new kids from the States, we call 'em cherries, which they were for maybe fifteen minutes. The dry season is when it really breaks loose. You get very tired. It's like falling asleep at the wheel. You close your eyes and it still goes on. You're killin' them, they're killin' you. Couldn't tell ya now what was real except I'm here.
53) 61) text: Cameron can't afford to fall for her softness.
53) 83) text: 179D   Suddenly the ice turns to steam. His self-control glass. There in the basement of a 100-year old hotel, bef audience of one, Cameron ERUPTS, spewing out the memory o mortification and crucifixion...not without the silent re of Jesus, but with the howling rage of a mad dog...Pluto rabies...
53) 91) text: 179E   Cameron's fist SMASHES his own face in the dressin His reflection crazes and falls to pieces.
53) 94) text: Cameron holds up his fist to her, shaking it in glee.
53) 97) text: Cameron kicks over the makeup table as though it were the counter...tubes and glasses shatter all over the floor.
53) 110) text: Cameron rips Denise's electric hair dryer from the wall a across the basement.
53) 116) text: Cameron's hands have come to rest on a metal laundry bin. it and lifts it over his head.
53) 122) text: Cameron starts running across the room and just as he's a hurl it, he COLLIDES with a jutting shelf, which knocks h his back. The shelf falls and thirty or forty one-gallon cascade on top of him. It looks disastrous. Nina runs to terrified, but before the last can has even come to rest, emerges from the pile of cans, throwing them aside, still and screaming as he struggles to his feet.
53) 123) text: At the sight of him, Nina starts laughing. But Cameron, w somehow managed to keep his grip on the laundry basket, r over his head as if nothing has happened, hurls the cloth screaming:
53) 124) text: CAMERON (CONT'D)
53) 127) text: With the effort, Cameron's feet fly out from under him as stepped in oil. In fact, he has stepped in paint, and lan his ass in the green goo. Nina "bracks" out an uncontroll guffaw.
53) 128) text: CAMERON (bellowing) It's not funny!
53) 135) text: CAMERON You'll miss the main part! Killer Cameron's ghastly crime! I was freaked out of my head! And, suddenly there's this big flashlight shining in my face. I just grabbed that goddamn ice cream bucket and slopped it...right over the guy's head!
53) 136) text: Although Cameron's got nothing in his hands, he pantomime that fifty-pound ice cream bucket around in the air, losi balance and landing on his back in the paint beside Nina. hysteria is renewed, but Cameron stops laughing.
53) 137) text: CAMERON (CONT'D) (quietly) It's not funny. It wasn't him. It was a cop. I got out of there like a shot. I didn't know he was knocked out. How the hell did I know he was gonna lay there all night with his head in the ice cream?
53) 139) text: CAMERON No, he's in the hospital.
53) 141) text: CAMERON Oh, yes.   That ice cream's goddamn cold! (struggling for a proper description) His nose...it froze and his ear froze, see...and...
53) 143) text: CAMERON (CONT'D) (indignantly) No, it's terrible!...He lost the tip of his nose and his ear lobe...
53) 146) text: 179H   Then, Cameron, realizing the absurdity, starts gig control, Nina scrambles to her feet and dashes for the la Cameron follows her to the door, still talking as it clos her.
53) 151) text: Abruptly, Cameron's energy is gone. The hilarity is over. his forehead against the door in exhaustion and despair.
54) 1) text: The DUESENBERG STANDS silhouetted in the darkness, light dimly off it like the gleam from fine wood of a splendid waiting in the slumber room before services begin. Behind side door of the garage opens. But it is not visitors com their last respects, it is Cameron and Nina. He is wearin clothes.
54) 2) text: Nina moves quickly to a WHITE CONVERTIBLE as Cameron cros big overhead garage doors and hits the electric SWITCH. N HAPPENS. He flips another switch and harsh overhead light illuminate the reality of the garage. Nina has started th convertible, as Cameron tries to lift the garage door han
54) 7) text: Nina gasps. Cameron whirls towards the voice. A COP with flashlight stands in the open doorway peering in at them.
54) 12) dialog: We know it's locked.   Would you open up for us?
54) 28) dialog: Why not?
54) 35) text: CAMERON I think the lady had her heart set on pancakes, but thanks.
54) 40) text: CAMERON I can't believe it...He knows. The son-of-a-bitch knows whatever I'm thinking. I'm beginning to feel like something that Sam wrote! I'm not real. I'm some jerk American flyer from World War I who has to go over a bridge and die because the goddamn script says so! It's crazy...I'm trapped in his goddamn story. If somebody lost that page, I'd be fine. If he crossed it out and wrote something else like -- "At the last moment, he veers the big car from the railing--then goes speeding on to live happy ever after..." (he looks at the Duesenberg appraisingly, then grins as a plan starts to form) ...How about that?! Empty road, me out there all alone, the crew 'way back, breathless as I approach the bridge. And then..."Hey, what happened?!" A fucking rewrite's what happened! I'll have a fifteen- minute jump on them before they figure out they're shooting a new version!
54) 43) text: CAMERON How?
54) 46) text: CAMERON
54) 52) text: CAMERON (firmly) Nina, get out of the trunk.
54) 55) text: CAMERON (sternly) ...Get out of the trunk.
54) 57) text: CAMERON (angry) It's my nightmare...Stay out! This isn't the time to solve your neurotic problems! I'm trying to stay alive!
54) 59) text: CAMERON (interrupting) Oh, for Christ's sake...
55) 68) text: As Cameron steps out through the open doorway, buttoning costume.
55) 75) text: As Cameron moves toward it uncertainly. Eli, some distanc surrounded by members of his crew, glances up.
55) 81) text: Cameron walks around it, testing and checking, but moving relentlessly toward the humpback trunk. A horn honks and car slides up. Jake leans out the window, waves at Camero jovially.
55) 84) text: He drives on toward a parked German army truck, in which several soldiers. Chuck approaches Cameron.
55) 94) text: Cameron tenses at this information.
55) 114) text: If Cameron was upset by the change in the stunt, he is no unnerved by the sight of those cops with guns. The second loading cartridges.
55) 124) text: As Cameron arrives and casually leans against the trunk a gently taps. He must get Nina out of there. With determin reaches for the trunk handle. Arms wearing the same costu own reach in, holding the trunk closed. It is Raymond.
55) 133) text: Dazed, Cameron climbs behind the wheel.
56) 9) text: TECHNICIAN (CONT'D) All right, bump it once. (to Cameron) Does it work?
56) 10) text: Cameron, barely hearing, looks straight ahead without res Jake lounges at the driver's window, kibitzing the operat
56) 13) text: CAMERON (by reflex) What?
56) 14) text: The words "CAMERA ON" sound exactly like "CAMERON." It so though his real name was called and he automatically answ his identity been exposed? His eyes widen. The technician no response, calls to Jake.
56) 16) text: JAKE Cameron?
56) 20) text: Cameron realizes his error, but it's too late, he's in a his mind, he's given himself away. The road ahead is clea He jams the car in gear and slams the accelerator to the Duesenberg leaps forward, screeching wildly. In its wake Everyone running, yelling...
57) 1) text: Speed. The needle hits sixty-five -- seventy -- climbing Cameron grips the wheel, looking at that empty road. An i shout swells up and escapes his mouth.
58) 9) text: The Duesenberg drops on one axle. Metal screams against s though it were Cameron himself, screaming. Skidding, spin tearing through the papier-mache railing, plunging out of into space, where it hovers for a brief instant and arcs like a dying bird.
59) 0) dialog: 
60) 1) text: The river rushes up and the car smashes into it with a de shattering roar, plunging beneath the surface to a dark a soundless world -- except for a tiny red light, the whir and Cameron's desperate cries. Tearing his seatbelt off h himself toward the rear of the car, clawing at the back s reach Nina. Incredibly, there is sunlight again as the ca buoyed to the surface. There, again, is the living world road, the trees. In that brief instant, through the rear Cameron has a wild, tilted glimpse of a pink pinafore -- standing by the rail looking down, Eli beside her. The ca downward, water rising swiftly over the rear window. The on Cameron's retina is that wild, eager, little-girl exci Nina's face. Then he's alone again, entombed in the darke as the car plunges toward the bottom.
60) 2) text: Cameron sits, immobilized at the realization that his bet total. Everyone, even Nina, has conspired to bring him to red light glowing, camera whirring, to capture the moment death.
60) 6) text: Outrage galvanizes him to action. He reaches for the door to rip them open -- they snap off in his hands. Now there rumbling and rending of metal as the roof begins to implo crushing down toward him. Under the immense pressure, the window bursts inward, the river rushing in a wild torrent memory of Chuck's voice..."the windows." He lowers the fr slowly. The water now pours in faster. The level has rise chin. He gasps a final breath and the water rises over hi Still the red light burns. He reaches beneath the seat fo oxygen cylinder and tries to pull it loose. It won't move impact of the car hitting the water has bent the seat fra groping hand finds the hose, the oxygen mask. A hope. Tho second is robbing his chance for life, his movements unde as in slow motion. Pulling the mask to his face, he takes breath and chokes as water fills his mouth. The rubber tu broken loose from the cylinder and is floating free -- as have with Burt. Pressure of the onrushing water has stopp water reaches the roof. For a moment there is a strange s which Cameron, his lungs bursting, swims through, out the toward the surface.
60) 7) dialog: 
60) 12) text: Fanned out across the field is a row of men, guns held re Policemen from the truck in their German uniforms moving slowly -- carefully searching the terrain in an arch whic closes, must irrevocably reach Cameron.
60) 20) text: He is alive and free. Is that gurgle we hear in Cameron's the water that he swallowed or an unseemly giggle? Then i into laughter.
60) 25) dialog: 
60) 26) text: Chuck has reached Cameron, throwing a blanket over him. pint from his back pocket.
60) 29) text: As Cameron tilts his head back, the bottle to his mouth, skin divers setting down their rescue equipment and strip their dripping wet-suits.
60) 32) text: Chuck, who is rubbing Cameron violently through the blank restore his circulation, replies with the highest complim pay?
60) 41) text: Nina has reached an impasse twenty yards away in her jour toward Cameron -- a muddy section of swamp.
60) 65) text: Suddenly she turns, running headlong, pell-mell across th through the mud holes, drenching her pink pinafore into a losing a shoe, ripping her hose -- and then wildly into t Cameron, smearing him with love and mud! And then, just a she is gone, racing back across the field, hopping like a without her shoe, toward the road.
60) 68) text: Cameron is brimming with pleasure.    Chuck, totally igno his stunt bag.
60) 71) text: He walks off, leaving Cameron draped in the blanket like Eli steps up to him looking very serious, lifts his hand Indian sign of greeting and says:
60) 74) text: Cameron stares at him, incredulous.
60) 80) text: CAMERON (shaking his head) ...You sure took a hell of a chance, Eli...why didn't you just let me go last night?
60) 82) text: CAMERON ...All right. This morning then. Chuck could have done the stunt.
60) 84) text: CAMERON Paranoid?
60) 94) text: CAMERON I hope you find an easier cure. That was the hardest thousand bucks I ever made.
60) 95) text: A horn honks. It is Jake who, in his enthusiasm, has driv police car bumping over the marshes to Eli and Cameron.
60) 98) text: CAMERON (considers it) Thanks, Eli, but that looks too dangerous. I think I'll ride with Jake. Good luck with the picture.
60) 100) text: ELI (yelling to Cameron) Don't miss that plane, Burt!
60) 101) text: JAKE (leaning across Cameron to yell at Eli) He better not! Any member of your company found within city limits after five o'clock tonight, gets shot on sight!
60) 102) text: Eli stops, suddenly registering what Cameron had said.
60) 104) text: CAMERON (surprised) Chuck told me a thousand...
60) 110) text: CAMERON (getting upset) A thousand!
60) 112) text: CAMERON Bullshit!   You're trying to screw me!!
60) 115) text: CAMERON (shrieking) That's your big problem, Eli! You use people! I want my money, a thousand bucks!
60) 116) text: ELI (to Cameron) Six-fifty!! (to Sam) Rewrite the battle scene and let the tank run him over! The stunt pays six-fifty!
60) 117) text: The helicopter takes off, zooms under the bridge, up into hammerhead and soars back, while Cameron continues to scr
60) 118) text: CAMERON Come back here. I'm tired of being your goddamn clown! Pay me my thousand bucks!