14) 178) text: A POLICE CAR has driven onto the beach. From it, THREE OF have emerged. They are armed and efficient looking. The P MANAGER moves to greet them. Eli takes Cameron's wrist an pulls him back into the shadow of the pilings, (privately to the handcuff he feels beneath the shirt). JAKE, the Ch irate enough to be clearly heard from this distance.
14) 203) text: Jake has spotted them and is approaching with his men and Production Manager. Eli puts his hand on Cameron's should steps out into the sunlight.
14) 207) text: PRODUCTION MANAGER (trailing after Jake) ...but we've gotta have three days to finish this picture...
14) 208) text: JAKE (striding toward Eli) You said you'd be gone four days ago, before the season started. You lie, break promises... (he is now close enough and shouting at Eli) Cross, I've gone out of my way, but this time...
14) 210) text: ELI Jake, it's been a rotten morning. You're hot and tired. Let's go in, have us a drink and find out what's eating you.
14) 211) text: JAKE (turning beet red) Don't treat me like these other morons! You know goddamn well what's eating me is that Duesenberg on the bottom of the river with the dead man in it!
14) 212) text: There is silence. Eli stands thoughtfully kicking the san toe. Then Jake starts shouting again.
14) 213) text: JAKE (CONT'D) I mean, that is a goddamn public bridge and a public river! You go there without permits, without any precautions and get a man killed!
14) 214) text: ELI (gently) Jake...
14) 215) text: JAKE No more bullshit explanations. Just go...before I figure out how to hang you with a manslaughter charge!
14) 219) text: (after a pause; quietly) No explanations...don't have any. But, maybe he does... (staring at Cameron) Go ahead, ask him, Jake.
14) 223) text: Cameron vaguely understands that Eli is trying to pass hi Burt and that he, somehow, may be saved by going along wi madness. Eli, turning to Jake, continues passionately...
14) 224) text: ELI (CONT'D) He grabs the bread, blows the shot, screws you up...screws me up. He's dumb, Jake, but thank God, he ain't dead yet. So do me a favor, put your handcuffs on this son-of-a- bitch and put him some place where he can't get hurt!
14) 225) text: The Chief is dazed. If this is Burt, the stunt man, he is alive. Jake goes to Cameron.
14) 226) text: JAKE How did you get out of the car?
14) 228) text: The Chief stares at Cameron. His clothes and hair are wet is a small bruise on his cheek from when he fell out of t Duesenberg. He looks the part. Jake turns to Eli with res
14) 229) text: JAKE
14) 239) text: They have reached the steps of the HOTEL. A BUS has stopp front. TOURISTS are piling out. The POLICE CAR pulls up a nearby. Jake and his men can be seen surveying the crowd.
22) 53) text: Jake, the Chief of Police, is seen in the background appr table. Cameron spots him and starts to rise.
22) 57) dialog: (arriving) Don't go away, Burt.   I want you.
22) 61) dialog: I'm not talking to you. (to Production Manager) I understand you got that film out of the Duesenberg...
22) 81) text: Jake pulls a PHOTOGRAPH from a manila envelope and hands Cameron.
44) 1) text: Jake is there with SEVERAL OTHER MEN. But before Cameron register who they are, Eli is saying...
49) 1) text: As the three enter. The station is old with a high sergea and wooden benches against the walls. Raymond, beyond tea destroyed, sits among the other refuse of the night: dere stoned kids, etc. On one bench is a SAILOR, with that ade look that betrays the weakness he tries to hide with his arrogance. Jake, in the doorway of his office, savors the he has finally nailed Eli Cross. Eli captures the setup i glance...then, instant theater. He strides across the pol station to Raymond, takes his head in his hands and kisse on the mouth.
49) 15) text: Eli has stormed to the counter and slams his fist down on furiously, confronting Jake.
51) 6) text: Eli pays no attention, knowing that he's got Jake.     He toward Nina embracing Raymond.
55) 81) text: Cameron walks around it, testing and checking, but moving relentlessly toward the humpback trunk. A horn honks and car slides up. Jake leans out the window, waves at Camero jovially.
55) 101) text: 190A   They've reached the truck where Jake stands proudl Man is handing out rifles and boxes of bullets to the Ger soldiers, whom we now recognize as police officers from t One cop, tying his shoe, lifts his head and grins at Came old buddy -- the officer from the garage last night.
56) 10) text: Cameron, barely hearing, looks straight ahead without res Jake lounges at the driver's window, kibitzing the operat
56) 14) text: The words "CAMERA ON" sound exactly like "CAMERON." It so though his real name was called and he automatically answ his identity been exposed? His eyes widen. The technician no response, calls to Jake.
56) 16) text: JAKE Cameron?
56) 17) text: He whirls to see Jake staring at him. His hand darts to t ignition key, the engine roars to life.
56) 18) text: JAKE (CONT'D) (startled) Hey, they wanna know is the CAMERA
60) 95) text: A horn honks. It is Jake who, in his enthusiasm, has driv police car bumping over the marshes to Eli and Cameron.
60) 96) text: JAKE You guys want a ride back?
60) 98) text: CAMERON (considers it) Thanks, Eli, but that looks too dangerous. I think I'll ride with Jake. Good luck with the picture.
60) 101) text: JAKE (leaning across Cameron to yell at Eli) He better not! Any member of your company found within city limits after five o'clock tonight, gets shot on sight!