6) 32) text: 12A   Cameron's eyes scan the room, passing the TV above it, the commercial shows a beautiful girl (who we'll late NINA FRANKLIN) bending over a bowl of dog food. Her ass, 12B   wiggles engagingly. The pinball player leaves the m Cameron, stalling for time, works the plunger while a cop closer; like the cat to the mouse hole.
14) 118) text: CAMERON My God! (choking on water) You're...I know you...that girl from TV...the actress. Nina...
14) 119) text: NINA (sputtering) ...Franklin.
14) 122) text: NINA (laughing and choking) ...Makeup test...it's for the film...
14) 125) text: NINA (laughing) I'm only old at the end of the story.
14) 127) text: NINA No, don't do that.    Rescue me!
14) 129) text: NINA Oh come on, please. I always wanted someone to rescue me from something...
14) 136) text: Eli, surrounded by the crew and dozens of tourists, is st the water's edge as Cameron wades in and sets Nina down.
14) 142) text: Nina is surrounded by people who are rubbing her with tow pictures, all shouting at once. The CROWD closes in, excl Cameron to the outskirts.
14) 148) text: Cameron waves and starts to wander off as they whisk Nina
15) 16) text: Through the window, the crew is setting up a shot while E rehearses with Nina and his red-haired male star, RAYMOND (who Cameron earlier saw on the beach). Bailey is dressed World War I British aviator and Nina as a young girl of t
15) 26) text: He studies the view, his attention focused on Nina.
15) 29) text: DENISE (irritated by his interest in Nina) At selling douche powder, she's fabulous; dog food?...I'm not sure she's sincere.
15) 31) text: DENISE I'm not sore. Isn't that what you wanted to know? (with sarcasm) ...Or did you mean, what's the real Nina Franklin like--without the greasepaint and tinsel...
15) 34) text: Snaring a crumpled garment, she kicks it toward Cameron, it instinctively, then holds it up for inspection -- a pa (Nina's) lace panties. He grins, mildly embarrassed by th
22) 1) text: Eli is at the head of a long table, CAMERA PULLING BACK T dozen members of the company dining with him. Nina sits b listening with rapt attention to Sam's monologue, her des sensuously lingers at her lip.
22) 10) text: The truth in Eli's statement registers on Sam. Cameron si down the table, watching Nina watch Eli...and wishing she watching him.
22) 24) text: Cameron is starting to bristle at Eli's needling, particu Nina watching.
22) 119) text: Raymond "gathers" Nina along the way, wrapping his arm ab shoulders -- Cameron watching silently. Then, charging fr the dining room like a tanker steaming in their wake, com gushing, overwrought, blue-rinsed MATRON.
24) 1) text: As Cameron moves down the steps, the returning company ST pulls to a stop in the driveway. Nina, Raymond and a few emerge from the car. Cameron turns away so as not to be s they pass him on the steps heading for the entrance.
24) 8) text: 74A   They've entered the hotel. Cameron continues to the stairs, hesitates, looking back at Nina.
24) 10) text: Silhouetted through the etched glass doors (on the other "The Looking Glass") he sees the lithe, gay, exquisitely figure of Nina -- light sparkling from the cut glass danc her face -- a hauntingly romantic image.
24) 21) text: NINA Yes. It does look pretty high. (with concern) Are you worried about tomorrow?
24) 24) text: NINA (quickly, reassuring) No. I'm sure it's safe.
24) 26) text: NINA (laughing) Okay.
24) 29) text: NINA (willing, but flustered) What, right now?
25) 1) text: It is crowded with bells, a small walkway and railing sur them. The city lights are seen beyond. Below are the shed crewmen are preparing the next day's shooting. Just beyon overwhelming silhouette of the huge CRANE. Nina and Camer the top of the stairs winded and laughing, as they rush t railing and lean over. Nina gasps, clutching Cameron in g fright.
26) 14) text: As Nina's arm raises into view with the middle finger ext
27) 1) text: The church door swings open. Nina and Cameron emerge, cov their embarrassment with bravado. Nina is prattling as th tour guide.
27) 17) text: Unable to elude Eli in his basket, Nina turns on him in m frustration.
27) 18) text: NINA It's gotten to the point where I have to look under the stopper of the bathtub when I take a shower to make sure I've got some privacy! (broadly gesturing to group) Thank you one and all and good night!
28) 66) text: Instantly everything stops. Cameron is sprawled half-nake knees at the end of the line. Enraged, he whirls toward E caused this humiliation. Then the CLAPPING begins, the CA CREW applauding his stunt. People slap him on the back ad A robe is thrown around him. He is helped to his feet. Su Nina is there flinging her arms about him and kissing him mouth.
28) 67) text: NINA I'm so proud of you...I could just die!
28) 120) text: The crew laughs and so does Nina.    Cameron feels humili patronizing tone.
30) 32) text: It is Harvey standing in the doorway with Nina.
30) 35) text: Nina tries to peer over the heads of the crowd, pushing i room. Cameron steps toward her without thinking. He wants of there.
30) 40) text: Nina, who by now has seen what's happening, laughs.
30) 43) text: There is general laughter, but not shared by Cameron. He surprisingly finds himself angry at Nina's presence here everyone's easy familiarity toward her. She sees Cameron through the smokey dimness and works her way toward them Eli puts his arms about her shouting over the din.
30) 46) text: More laughter.   Nina turns to Cameron.
31) 6) text: In the dimness, Nina sits separated from Eli, Sam and a f On the screen, a World War I British biplane in steady fl interrupted by a couple of subliminal cuts. Another subli flash holds and replaces the scene on the portable screen "NUDIE" SHOT -- a rear view of the lady taken in the rowb night before.
31) 14) text: As Nina laughs good-naturedly, the airplane is back on th screen.
31) 19) text: Without even glancing at him, Nina gets up and moves to a distance away. He is stunned, then angry. Then confounded resigned to the ways of women, he goes over and sits besi
31) 31) text: Nina, we're watching dailies.
31) 45) text: Nina, close to tears, quickly gets up and hurries out of theater, as Cameron sits there numbly staring at the scre
32) 82) text: Behind it is a CROWD OF SPECTATORS who jump up and down s CAMERA PANS to show Nina among them, her excitement hardl controlled.
33) 40) text: They are in bed in a pleasant large room (the Queen Anne untidy, with script pages, wigs, costumes, fresh flowers, leftovers of a room service dinner. Nina caresses his bac noticing bruises. She kisses them gently and starts to gi looks at her quizzically.
33) 54) text: NINA (CONT'D) Anyway, his patriotism is stronger than his love and he leaves me with another little patriot in my belly.
33) 57) text: NINA (seriously) Honey, you'll ruin it.    Take it off.
33) 59) text: NINA (CONT'D) The clock's electric. It'll ring forever.
33) 62) text: Disturbed, Nina leaves the bed, turns off the alarm clock adjusts the wig properly on its stand.
33) 63) text: NINA What's wrong?
33) 66) text: NINA What are you doing?
33) 71) text: NINA Did you fall on your head today?
33) 73) text: NINA Why?
33) 75) text: NINA Do you want to leave?
33) 78) text: NINA I can't make love with the clock ringing.
33) 80) text: While he moves over her body, she grabs a pillow and hurt the clock. It falls over, but keeps on ringing. By now, C has entered Nina and she is rapidly becoming more involve than in the clock.
33) 81) text: CAMERON (to ringing clock while making love to Nina) You tell 'em, Eli.
34) 1) text: In one of the private DINING ROOMS off the lobby, tables are pushed against the wall to make room for a rehearsal progress. Some early morning TOURISTS have gathered outsi entrance, watching. A few members of the kitchen staff pe an inside doorway. Sam and key crewmen stand on the sidel Eli rehearses with Nina.
34) 5) text: He takes Nina by the hand and pulls her down beside him, the floor.
34) 7) text: Nina's listening intensely but something catches her eye. tourists at the doorway stands Cameron, who has paused to costume slung over his shoulder. He nods to her with a sm smile. Subtly, so Eli won't notice, she smiles back, then her concentration.
34) 11) text: Sam crosses over to them and kneels beside Eli and Nina.
34) 23) text: Sam's hand presses a lever on the side of the bronze. The whirring of the clockwork and a music box melody plays. T begins to swing. The bear slides toward her. She mechanic lifts her bronze dress until they meet, performing their love rite. Nina giggles.
35) 33) text: There is general knowing laughter as Denise crosses back and sees by the look on his face she has hit her target. thought of Nina and Eli as lovers had never occurred to C
36) 3) text: The ANGLE WIDENS and we see Nina, now made up to look wri gray, tragically old, her eyes moist as she kneels beside
36) 6) text: OLD LADY (NINA) (sudden deep sincerity) Why do I lie? I couldn't wait either. I think both of us are bears. (a soft nostalgic smile) Go, young maiden, you'll be late for your piano lesson.
36) 9) text: OLD LADY (NINA) I'm almost finished.
36) 11) text: OLD LADY (NINA) But, we want these.
36) 13) text: OLD LADY (NINA) Ask the driver how many graves we visited today. I could have chosen five hours ago. I came here and my soul said, "Oh yes." I know that is hard to believe...
36) 15) text: OLD LADY (NINA) As soon as I am gone, you will take everything away.
36) 19) text: OLD LADY (NINA) (tears streaming down her face) You will, and I can't stop you, and it's wrong. We loved each other... Where else should these go?
36) 21) text: OLD LADY (NINA) Yes, I know I'm ridiculous, but you laugh without knowing anything. You would buy a plastic wreath for a man of such importance.
36) 23) text: OLD LADY (NINA) President Wilson...from the President of the United States...for heroism. To me for sheltering him... (smiling to herself) How silly. I 'sheltered' him to be with him. He was my beloved...Where is it?...Oh, here, did you see this?
36) 25) text: OLD LADY (NINA) Given to me by Adolf Hitler...for our son. Our son...
36) 27) text: OLD LADY (NINA) ...Our son!!! (then, with simple reverence) ...A thousand years of peace...is what he said. That would be very nice.
36) 32) text: with his eyes closed and his fists clenched, wishing he w grave. Nina stands in speechless horror.
36) 40) text: It's deadly silent as Eli walks over to Nina.    They sta other for a moment.
36) 45) text: Everybody is applauding, wild with joy over Nina's great performance. Tears of happiness run unabashedly down Sam' Only Cameron is sullen, seething with anger and jealousy them in the light of his recent information.
36) 48) text: Cameron is standing aside, while Nina vainly looks around Denise is unpinning her wig. Chuck approaches Cameron.
36) 52) text: Cameron, still watching Nina and Eli in the now dwindling admirers, doesn't answer.
36) 100) text: NINA (CONT'D) ...Nevertheless, I'm cancelling your invitation to an intimate party given by my parents, who arrived unexpectedly to honor me on the occasion of my birthday...but don't feel too badly. As consolation for a lovely evening missed, I'm presenting you with the "good-sport- of-the-month" award.
36) 102) text: NINA (CONT'D) Mr. Baum, will you notify this young savage that it's customary to cover one's privates when accepting an award? It's one of the common courtesies, like...congratulating people.
36) 104) text: Nina stands there shaken, looking at him sadly.
36) 105) text: NINA For fucking the director, honey. (biting into apple) Didn't you know that's how little girls get into the movies?
36) 111) text: SAM (CONT'D) Being a devout masochist, it follows that I'm Eli's best friend. I know quite a lot about him and Nina.
37) 1) text: The pleasant SEAFOOD RESTAURANT is on the pier over the w Cameron, now wearing Sam's sweater after all, is searchin crowded room trying to find Nina and what might be her fa is about to leave when he sees a group at a window table, WOMAN in their early fifties and a FOURTEEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL attractive despite the baby fat. Something about the comp all their features is familiar enough to give them a seco In doing so, he sees a half-eaten BIRTHDAY CAKE on their front of an empty place. He goes to the table.
37) 24) text: At this moment Cameron can tell from their faces that the Nina behind him. He turns.
37) 31) text: Nina has emerged from the ladies' room looking miserable walking toward them. At the shock of seeing Cameron, her to her mouth in such embarrassment and joy and confusion she feels, that she starts back to the refuge of the ladi Catching herself, she turns back to face him, her eyes no with tears of happiness.
37) 34) text: He moves forward and kisses Nina. We now realize we are a HOTEL ROOM DOOR. She on the inside, he on the outside, ki through the doorway, which stands slightly ajar. With the barely parting:
38) 42) text: Cameron's hand thrusts KEY into the hole, flings open the NINA'S BEDROOM and barges in.
38) 48) text: He FREEZES. Over his shoulder, we see Nina, naked, lying bed. Raymond, also naked, sits slumped on the edge of the utterly disconsolate. The three stare at each other, an a tableau. Cameron whirls and leaves, slamming the door beh almost off its hinges.
40) 10) text: 147A   In the HALLWAY, a little group of PASSING TOURISTS wonderment at the tumult through the open doorway. Nina l phone, crosses to the door and kicks it shut in the peopl with all her strength.
40) 18) text: NINA I am not your girl! I am that man's girl! That man and I have been lovers for six months! I've known you two days!
40) 20) text: NINA Don't you dare be clever with me! He came scratching at the door tonight like a beaten dog, begging me to say that you were some twenty- four hour nonsense. (against her will she starts to cry) ...and I had to tell him I thought I was falling in love with...
40) 22) text: Nina lets out an incoherent roar of rage.
40) 23) text: NINA Goddamn you! The wounded stud! He is entitled to some dignity! To lose his "pure and faithful lover" without the new boy barging in! Where do you suppose he is now?
40) 30) dialog: GET OUT!     Get the HELL OUT!!
40) 33) text: NINA You don't have the right to breathe! I knew him before I met you! Do you understand that?! Before I met you!! If we were frightened, we woke each other in the dark...we slept in each other's arms...
40) 35) text: NINA All right, the word is fuck! You narrow, insensitive, stupid...!
40) 38) text: NINA Believe in what? You're blushing. A place where what? Don't get embarrassed at this late date!
40) 40) text: NINA (interrupting) Raymond's lover! Raymond's lover! Say it! Raymond's lover!
40) 45) text: NINA (CONT'D) I'll have it typed up and notarized...! Raymond's lover! And you will sign where it says, agreed!
40) 47) text: NINA (CONT'D) (quietly) You won't turn me into some rotten whore because your papa once told that a woman is a certain way "and that's how it's gonna be 'til Gabriel blows his horn..."
40) 49) text: NINA (after a long beat; softly) Don't get hiccups.
40) 51) text: NINA (quietly) No...
41) 1) text: Dailies are in progress. Eli watches, surrounded by a few members. Cameron sits in the back row with Nina's MOTHER, and SISTER. Nina is not present. On the PORTABLE SCREEN i of Nina as a wild, radiant eighteen-year old Austrian gir pell-mell along a willow-lined VILLAGE STREET, dodging ch 148A   bicycles. She collides with an OLD MAN, her basket contents scattering; his momentary anger vanishing as he with her joy of life. He helps her refill the basket and rewards him with a sausage and a kiss. The old man watche wistfully as she runs away.
41) 3) text: There's a tear of pride in Nina's mother's eye. Father ge his hand on top of hers as the room lights come on.
41) 20) text: The room dims and the film starts. We see a slate board r "150A Take 1." The clapper claps and the board is removed revealing an ATTIC. Nina sprawled on her stomach, stark n Raymond's naked body, her breasts resting on his chest, h apart, interlocked with his. They look directly at the CA awaiting their cue with the calm resignation of two peopl for the Wilshire bus. The MAKEUP GIRL appears in the shot Nina's back and ass with glycerin sweat from an aerosol c disappears as Eli's voice on the sound track calls, "ACTI ANGLE TIGHTENS into a less revealing, more artistic compo Their mouths meet. Their bodies writhe.
42) 0) dialog: 
42) 21) text: Nina looks at him with foreboding.
42) 29) dialog: 
42) 40) dialog: 
42) 44) text: Hands reach in and drape a sash around Nina's throat. Fro dangles a SWASTIKA. For Nina, there is still no voice, no only the obliterating shame for that image of her naked b into her father's memory. And yet, that shame is so simil shame she should be feeling as the woman in Eli's film at mockery of her son's death.
42) 50) text: The THUNDEROUS SOUND of ten thousand voices shouting: "Si Sieg Heil!" has shattered Nina's isolation. She is now aw her personal despair has been used to accomplish an actin and it only adds to her degradation and sense of shame, i making her performance even more poignant. The crowd on t playback roars with fanatic zeal.
46) 1) text: Scattered about the room are suitcases, a wardrobe trunk, completed packing for tomorrow's departure. Nina lies in staring into nothing, Cameron beside her. Each is talking himself, adrift in his private world, unaware they have l with the other. The room is semi-dark, except for the nig light on Cameron's side, by which he studies the BOOKLET him.
46) 15) dialog: Say it was an accident...benefit of the doubt. But then to use me that way...like a gadget...Why would Eli do that? He's not a cruel man...
46) 19) dialog: What?
46) 23) dialog: (jumping out of bed) What in God's name are you babbling about?!
46) 30) dialog: 
46) 35) text: NINA What is going on in that head of yours?! You take the word of some...malcontent...technician!
46) 37) text: NINA ...And I saw Eli that night when he had to tell Burt's brother on the phone...I saw the tears.
46) 39) text: To keep from exploding, Nina opens her luggage and furiou repacking.
46) 40) text: NINA Didn't they give I.Q. tests in the army? What did you get...minus twelve? Haven't you figured out yet why he's working himself to death? What his film is all about? He's trying to tell people not to kill each other!
46) 45) text: Against her instincts, Nina is emotionally affected by wh says.
46) 46) text: NINA Stop it...sweetheart...I'd die if anything happened to you.
46) 48) text: NINA It's my father...I won't talk to him...You're all driving me crazy...I won't talk to him.!
46) 51) text: NINA (whispering) Tell them I'm not here. Tell them anything. Tell them I'm working.
46) 52) text: CAMERON (glancing at Nina) Okay, Chuck. I'll meet you in an hour. (he hangs up) For me. Amazing how they keep secrets around here.
46) 53) text: He walks over to the still-stricken Nina and tenderly emb She leans against him, the trembling subsiding. CAMERON What if I told you I wasn't going to do the stunt?
46) 56) text: NINA I'd say fine.
46) 58) text: NINA (upset and confused) But there's just one more day of shooting...
46) 60) text: NINA I...I have two more scenes...
46) 62) text: NINA ...I could meet you...
46) 63) text: When he doesn't answer, Nina resorts to her last defense, anger.
46) 64) text: NINA (CONT'D) ...Look, don't do the stunt! If you believe Eli's a killer, call the police...Why are you doing this to me? That's all I need right now, with all I've been through!...For you to give me now-or-never ultimatums and tell me my director is insane!...
48) 7) text: Eli pulls Gabe and Nina toward the police station, yellin Cameron and Chuck.
50) 1) text: Cameron stands, peering in through the big front window, once again betrayed. It's like watching TV with the sound From here, Nina and Raymond are very convincing. Chuck le against a lamppost, smoking a cigarette, as the charade g
51) 6) text: Eli pays no attention, knowing that he's got Jake.     He toward Nina embracing Raymond.
52) 1) text: It's three o'clock in the morning. The corridors are empt elevator door swings open and Nina and Eli step out and m the hallway, functioning on their last ounce of nervous e
52) 10) text: NINA Eli, what's wrong?
52) 14) text: NINA (wounded) That's not fair.
52) 16) text: ELI What's not fair...getting my feelings "hurt?" When did I lose you to that soldier boy, Nina? That nice, wholesome, swell-looking kid...wanted by every cop, the FBI and God knows who else, for God knows what crime.
52) 17) text: Nina is paralyzed with shock.
53) 1) text: Partly crated props and costumes, luggage belonging to th film crew is piled against the wall and on shelves. In th cavernous half-lit room, Cameron, once again the coiled, animal, moves through the shadows among the racks of suit pulling them aside, searching. Discovering one, he sets i floor. It's locked. With a metal bar, he breaks the lock eagerly rifles the contents. Then, sensing a presence, he There stands Nina at the base of the steps watching him. a glance to her, he goes on with his search.
53) 34) text: Nina cannot endure another moment of this charade.
53) 35) text: NINA Why do they want you?   What did you do?
53) 122) text: Cameron starts running across the room and just as he's a hurl it, he COLLIDES with a jutting shelf, which knocks h his back. The shelf falls and thirty or forty one-gallon cascade on top of him. It looks disastrous. Nina runs to terrified, but before the last can has even come to rest, emerges from the pile of cans, throwing them aside, still and screaming as he struggles to his feet.
53) 123) text: At the sight of him, Nina starts laughing. But Cameron, w somehow managed to keep his grip on the laundry basket, r over his head as if nothing has happened, hurls the cloth screaming:
53) 127) text: With the effort, Cameron's feet fly out from under him as stepped in oil. In fact, he has stepped in paint, and lan his ass in the green goo. Nina "bracks" out an uncontroll guffaw.
53) 129) text: Shamed, Nina runs to him.
53) 130) text: NINA Oh, baby...
53) 131) text: But, as she reaches him, her feet too are caught in the p she slides forward like an ice skater, spraddling him, la her ass. His rage vanishes as he points at her, breaking fiendish, uncontrollable cackle. These pratfalls are a ca that has released the pressure and the madness. They atte gain their feet, skidding and sliding in the paint. He su but Nina fails.
53) 132) text: NINA (through laughter) Let me go to the bathroom.   I'm gonna have an accident.
53) 136) text: Although Cameron's got nothing in his hands, he pantomime that fifty-pound ice cream bucket around in the air, losi balance and landing on his back in the paint beside Nina. hysteria is renewed, but Cameron stops laughing.
53) 138) text: NINA (suddenly serious) Oh, my God. He died?
53) 140) text: NINA Oh, no.
53) 142) text: Despite the horror of it, Nina starts giggling.   She can
53) 146) text: 179H   Then, Cameron, realizing the absurdity, starts gig control, Nina scrambles to her feet and dashes for the la Cameron follows her to the door, still talking as it clos her.
54) 1) text: The DUESENBERG STANDS silhouetted in the darkness, light dimly off it like the gleam from fine wood of a splendid waiting in the slumber room before services begin. Behind side door of the garage opens. But it is not visitors com their last respects, it is Cameron and Nina. He is wearin clothes.
54) 2) text: Nina moves quickly to a WHITE CONVERTIBLE as Cameron cros big overhead garage doors and hits the electric SWITCH. N HAPPENS. He flips another switch and harsh overhead light illuminate the reality of the garage. Nina has started th convertible, as Cameron tries to lift the garage door han
54) 7) text: Nina gasps. Cameron whirls towards the voice. A COP with flashlight stands in the open doorway peering in at them.
54) 16) dialog: (the actress) I'm sure Mr. Cross will understand when you tell him that Miss Franklin had a sudden desire for Swedish pancakes for breakfast and this gentleman had a sudden desire to keep me company...I'm Nina Franklin, the star of the film.
54) 20) dialog: That's all right, we'll find some place.
54) 24) dialog: Then we'll drive to Cape Long.
54) 33) text: NINA (fiercely) Are you telling me that if I decide to take a drive at any time of the day or night or whenever I damn please, I need Mr. Cross's permission? Mr. Cross does not control me or anyone else, including this gentleman and he does not control the public roads!
54) 41) text: Nina has come to life, her eyes aglow like a shrewd littl who's already decided how the fairy tale will end!
54) 42) text: NINA ...And what about the love story? What happens to the Austrian girl? People will leave the movie feeling terrible...I know! She goes with him!
54) 44) text: Nina has walked around to the back of the Duesenberg and TRUNK.
54) 45) text: NINA In here.
54) 51) text: NINA No...look... (she climbs in) See how big it is? Comfortable, too...Honestly, honey, it's a better ending.
54) 52) text: CAMERON (firmly) Nina, get out of the trunk.
54) 54) text: NINA And what happens in the morning? Do I show up on the set in my little pink pinafore and say, "Hi, Eli. Where's my hug and kiss...?" How do I do that now?
54) 56) text: NINA ...Or should I trot up to my room to catch a couple of winks and cuddle up with a dozen sleeping pills?
54) 58) text: NINA (shouting back) So am I. And I never claimed not to have "neurotic problems!"
54) 60) text: NINA
55) 124) text: As Cameron arrives and casually leans against the trunk a gently taps. He must get Nina out of there. With determin reaches for the trunk handle. Arms wearing the same costu own reach in, holding the trunk closed. It is Raymond.
60) 1) text: The river rushes up and the car smashes into it with a de shattering roar, plunging beneath the surface to a dark a soundless world -- except for a tiny red light, the whir and Cameron's desperate cries. Tearing his seatbelt off h himself toward the rear of the car, clawing at the back s reach Nina. Incredibly, there is sunlight again as the ca buoyed to the surface. There, again, is the living world road, the trees. In that brief instant, through the rear Cameron has a wild, tilted glimpse of a pink pinafore -- standing by the rail looking down, Eli beside her. The ca downward, water rising swiftly over the rear window. The on Cameron's retina is that wild, eager, little-girl exci Nina's face. Then he's alone again, entombed in the darke as the car plunges toward the bottom.
60) 2) text: Cameron sits, immobilized at the realization that his bet total. Everyone, even Nina, has conspired to bring him to red light glowing, camera whirring, to capture the moment death.
60) 22) text: Here comes Chuck, running across the field with his silly filled with elastic bandages. How funny. Here's the helic hovering with Gabe descending the rope ladder bearing fil who runs to meet him. How hilarious. There's the pink pinafore...Nina holding the skirt up to her waist as she through the tall grass towards him. How sweetly absurd.
60) 41) text: Nina has reached an impasse twenty yards away in her jour toward Cameron -- a muddy section of swamp.
60) 62) text: Nina continues picking her way toward the road.   And the
60) 64) dialog: 
60) 81) text: ELI What, with Nina in the trunk? I've got scenes to shoot with her...