12) 5) text: Cameron, sprawled on the road, is momentarily paralyzed a of the Duesenberg's great brass grill bearing down. His h over a rock and with the same illogical gesture that a so flings a Coke bottle at a tank, Cameron hurls the rock in direction of the car and frantically rolls sideways. The spinning tires brush him as they pass. We catch a momenta of the rock smashing against the gleam of the passing win
12) 12) text: It is the same helicopter we saw in the opening sequence. swiftly descended beside the bridge just beyond the raili catching Cameron with no chance to run or hide. FOUR MEN seen inside the plastic cockpit barely a few feet away. T beside the PILOT is ELI CROSS. He grabs the radio microph begins speaking into it. Cameron whirls, scrambles down a field. The helicopter drops to within a few feet of the w hovers. Protected from sight, Cameron runs between the ta away from the road.
14) 67) text: Below him, walking away on the sand is one of the actors same red hair, the same old British army jacket as Burt - in the Duesenberg. Hearing the shout, the actor stops and tentatively turns. It's a mistake. Clearly the features a different. It's not Burt.
17) 49) text: He takes a running start and does the same.   Not quite a well enough. As he rolls to his feet:
20) 22) text: As Eli steps down from the DOLLY, a solemn, quiet man app from among the onlookers. It is SAM BAUM (the writer).
20) 23) text: SAM What's wrong?
20) 25) text: The A.D. Calls "Five minutes" and the crew moves toward t urn. Eli wanders toward the door, Sam pursuing.
20) 26) text: SAM (fighting for his scene) Eli, it played like a dream.   My God, it was Marat-Sade.
21) 1) text: There, beside the rear entrance on a pile of construction Eli, cross-legged, staring morosely at some kids who play He is absently folding a torn script page into a paper ai Behind him, at a respectful distance, stand the Productio A.D., half a dozen assorted crew chiefs and Sam Baum, all concerned. Sam looks at the others, shrugs and approaches squatting beside him on the sand pile.
21) 4) text: While Sam talks, Eli takes a fistful of sand and pours it shoe. Suddenly noticing, Sam yanks his foot away.
21) 12) text: Sam has finished replacing his shoe and Eli pours a fistf into Sam's other shoe.
22) 1) text: Eli is at the head of a long table, CAMERA PULLING BACK T dozen members of the company dining with him. Nina sits b listening with rapt attention to Sam's monologue, her des sensuously lingers at her lip.
22) 10) text: The truth in Eli's statement registers on Sam. Cameron si down the table, watching Nina watch Eli...and wishing she watching him.
22) 17) text: ELI That's the big question, Sam. Name the disease and you've licked the screenplay. (indicating Cameron) Ask him. 'Cause he knows what the film is about. Right Lucky? Tell 'em...How'd you like Vietnam?
22) 21) text: ELI See, Sam? Here's another one who hates war...but he enlisted. (to Cameron) You fought in Vietnam for two years? ...I mean actually were out there killing people...
22) 32) text: Yeah. See, Sam?...That's what the disease is about...being scared shitless. Inventing enemies. Whistling in the dark. I wish you'd talk to the kid, Sam, I mean it. You know, really, you guys should room together.
22) 33) text: SAM (getting the last word) Hey, Lucky, give me your cot by the window and I'll let you read a great madhouse sequence.
22) 35) text: SAM (surrendering) All right, Eli. I'll write you another scene. What difference does it make? The studio will cut it all out anyway and what you got left is a lot of swell battle scenes, which, when I was back there they said were "just terrific."
22) 37) text: SAM Yeah, what makes you different?
22) 47) dialog: (laughs) They call him "Eli the Terrible..."
22) 51) dialog: Being an insecure writer, I'd call my agent...and get another opinion.
23) 4) text: It's a mean little bedroom, with Sam's clothes, typewrite evidence. Seeing Sam's wallet, Cameron pulls a wad of mon it, at the same time accidentally knocking Sam's false te dresser. He hesitates, then stuffs back all the bills but He strides to Sam's closet, pulls out shirt and slacks, s in a cloth beach bag, also belonging to Sam and starts ou Then he stops, gets on his hands and knees, looking for t teeth, which he finally finds. Now, annoyed at himself fo "nice guy," he throws them carelessly on the dresser and exits.
27) 29) text: He pulls Cameron into the basket beside him so unexpected Cameron drops Sam's bag. Eli picks it up and plops it int Cameron's lap. Suddenly Cameron finds himself soaring sky stomach-churning rate -- while Eli rattles on...probing, quixotic...
27) 50) text: ELI (patting Sam's beach bag) You've got that look again. That gleam of the sprinter about to set a record for the 50-yard dash. Is that why all those cops are chasing you? What are you, some kind of sex freak running across America with your fly open? Is that why they're after you?
28) 109) dialog: 
28) 110) text: Approaching Eli, who turns to Sam, eager, vulnerable.
30) 55) text: Cameron storms out in a rage. Eli watches with a thoughtf Sam, who has witnessed the outburst, turns to Eli, furiou
30) 56) text: SAM ...Goddamn little prudish bastard!
30) 58) text: SAM ...Are you kidding?...If That guy in the rowboat was a Marine sticking a bayonet in her instead of a cock, that uptight son-of-a-bitch would have saluted.
30) 60) text: SAM (CONT'D) Fucking Fascist. What are you laughing at?
30) 62) text: SAM (outraged) Goddamn you, Eli.   That's not funny!
30) 68) text: Get 'em, Sam! Sic 'em! Kill 'em, boy! That's my uptight killie doggie...
30) 69) text: Sam's anger fades to a sheepish grin, realizing he's fall Eli's trap. Where his daughter is concerned, he's just as as Cameron. Eli snaps an affectionate headlock around Sam
31) 6) text: In the dimness, Nina sits separated from Eli, Sam and a f On the screen, a World War I British biplane in steady fl interrupted by a couple of subliminal cuts. Another subli flash holds and replaces the scene on the portable screen "NUDIE" SHOT -- a rear view of the lady taken in the rowb night before.
31) 55) text: Now the scene on the portable screen changes: from the gr see the same biplane flying low. An object drops from the (the boot). Then there is a burst of flame in the engine. smoke, the plane wobbles, crash-lands (sliding alarmingly CAMERA). It ground-loops, goes up on one wing and, as it down, we see that the pilot who we assumed was Raymond, i dummy that is flapping absurdly and falling to pieces bef eyes during the crash. There are groans, laughter and ras O.S.
32) 25) text: But Eli and Sam are not listening.
32) 49) dialog: Eli...
32) 53) dialog: A Charleston?
32) 57) dialog: (contempt) ...That's ridiculous.
32) 61) dialog: The Charleston is silly...They won't believe it.
32) 65) dialog: (smugly) You'll get a laugh, Eli.
34) 1) text: In one of the private DINING ROOMS off the lobby, tables are pushed against the wall to make room for a rehearsal progress. Some early morning TOURISTS have gathered outsi entrance, watching. A few members of the kitchen staff pe an inside doorway. Sam and key crewmen stand on the sidel Eli rehearses with Nina.
34) 11) text: Sam crosses over to them and kneels beside Eli and Nina.
34) 23) text: Sam's hand presses a lever on the side of the bronze. The whirring of the clockwork and a music box melody plays. T begins to swing. The bear slides toward her. She mechanic lifts her bronze dress until they meet, performing their love rite. Nina giggles.
34) 32) text: Eli begins to beam. Sam, realizing he has again fallen in trap, winces, chagrined. Eli grabs him in a bear hug.
34) 35) text: Sam struggles to escape from the iron grip as Eli dances in joy.
36) 45) text: Everybody is applauding, wild with joy over Nina's great performance. Tears of happiness run unabashedly down Sam' Only Cameron is sullen, seething with anger and jealousy them in the light of his recent information.
36) 60) text: CAMERON Fine, Eli. Let's be brotherly. Milk brothers, sucking from the same tit.
36) 96) text: Sam has stopped typing and sits silently, waiting for the
36) 106) text: She leaves. Cameron lies there seething, then abruptly le storms into the bathroom. Sam sits rubbing his head, resu typing. Cameron rages out of the bathroom, flings himself bed. Unwinding the elastic bandage, he sprays ethyl chlor knee. Sam's typing stops.
36) 107) text: SAM (quietly) Young man, taking my life in my hands, I must inform you that you are an asshole.
36) 108) text: Cameron ignores Sam.
36) 111) text: SAM (CONT'D) Being a devout masochist, it follows that I'm Eli's best friend. I know quite a lot about him and Nina.
36) 113) text: SAM (wryly) He met her three years ago. Two lonely people rattling around New York. A brutal winter. Eli's marriage had just broken up...
36) 115) text: SAM'S VOICE She could have done that in four seconds. They went to bed once and they were lousy as lovers. But they had a problem. They liked each other. They recognized some area of mutual sensitivity. I'm boring you.
36) 117) text: SAM'S VOICE (disgusted) I'm going to see if they can put me up in the employees' toilet.
36) 119) text: SAM'S VOICE (CONT'D) I think he 'banged' her twice to confirm the awful truth...Was she supposed to be a virgin?
36) 121) text: But he says this so sadly and looks so miserable that Sam has reached him and it touched.
36) 122) text: SAM
36) 127) text: Cameron sits there feeling dumb and full of regrets. Then up, goes to Sam's closet and begins rummaging through the Sam watches him curiously.
37) 1) text: The pleasant SEAFOOD RESTAURANT is on the pier over the w Cameron, now wearing Sam's sweater after all, is searchin crowded room trying to find Nina and what might be her fa is about to leave when he sees a group at a window table, WOMAN in their early fifties and a FOURTEEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL attractive despite the baby fat. Something about the comp all their features is familiar enough to give them a seco In doing so, he sees a half-eaten BIRTHDAY CAKE on their front of an empty place. He goes to the table.
45) 41) text: Sam catches up and walks beside him toward the set.
53) 36) text: CAMERON Eli'd tell you...I was a soldier. I did the same as everybody, just one of the boys... emptied my M-16 at any sound... don't know whether I killed gooks or cherries...the new kids from the States, we call 'em cherries, which they were for maybe fifteen minutes. The dry season is when it really breaks loose. You get very tired. It's like falling asleep at the wheel. You close your eyes and it still goes on. You're killin' them, they're killin' you. Couldn't tell ya now what was real except I'm here.
54) 40) text: CAMERON I can't believe it...He knows. The son-of-a-bitch knows whatever I'm thinking. I'm beginning to feel like something that Sam wrote! I'm not real. I'm some jerk American flyer from World War I who has to go over a bridge and die because the goddamn script says so! It's crazy...I'm trapped in his goddamn story. If somebody lost that page, I'd be fine. If he crossed it out and wrote something else like -- "At the last moment, he veers the big car from the railing--then goes speeding on to live happy ever after..." (he looks at the Duesenberg appraisingly, then grins as a plan starts to form) ...How about that?! Empty road, me out there all alone, the crew 'way back, breathless as I approach the bridge. And then..."Hey, what happened?!" A fucking rewrite's what happened! I'll have a fifteen- minute jump on them before they figure out they're shooting a new version!
55) 124) text: As Cameron arrives and casually leans against the trunk a gently taps. He must get Nina out of there. With determin reaches for the trunk handle. Arms wearing the same costu own reach in, holding the trunk closed. It is Raymond.
60) 85) text: Sam has run up, out of breath, followed by crew members.
60) 86) text: ELI Hey Sam, the kid just licked your screenplay. He named the disease.
60) 87) text: SAM Yeah, what?
60) 89) text: SAM ...like gonorrhea...
60) 93) text: ELI You're close. It's spread the same way...by screwing your fellow man.
60) 113) text: ELI (exasperated) Christ! You're doing it again! (striding toward the chopper, shouting) Sam! This paranoid little bastard still doesn't understand your damn screenplay!
60) 116) text: ELI (to Cameron) Six-fifty!! (to Sam) Rewrite the battle scene and let the tank run him over! The stunt pays six-fifty!