27) 3) dialog: You okay, honey? COLLINS (focuses) Yeah... I think so.
27) 4) dialog: They get any money?
27) 8) dialog: I’m Angel.
27) 10) dialog: We need to hurry. I’ve got a “life support” meeting.
27) 13) dialog: We'll get along fine. They exchange a glance, there’s a deep, intense attractio the handkerchief, wipes the blood from his forehead. Ange handkerchief from Tom’s hand.
27) 14) dialog: Let me. Angel wipes the blood from Collins’ head.
39) 18) dialog: It was my lucky day today on Avenue.A, when a lady in a limousine drove my way. She said, “Dahling, be a dear. Haven't slept ina year. I need your help to make my neighbor’s yappy dog disappear. This Akita, Evita, just won’t shut up. I believe if you play non-stop. that pup; will breathe its very last high strung breath. I’m certain that cur will bark itself to death.” Angel continues to wildly dance around the apartment.| Th taken with her incredible energy.
39) 19) text: Today for you, tomorrow for me. Today for you, tomorrow for me. Angel beats on the pickle tub, then hands it to Mark, who drumming on the tub.
39) 20) dialog: We agreed on a fee, a thousand dollar guarantee, Tax free. And a bonus if I trim her tree. Now who could foretell that it’d go so.well, but sure as I am here, that dog is now in doggy hell. After an hour, Evita, in all of her glory on the window ledge of that 23¢ story. 28 ANGEL (CONT’D) Like Theima and Lousie did when they got the blues, swan dove into the courtyard of the Gracie Mews. The boys double over with laughter. Angel continues her p . ANGEL ; Today for you, tomorrow for me. Today for you, tomorrow for me. Angel whips out a pair of drumsticks from her belt. She d fabulous drum and dance solo, throughout the loft. ANGEL (to Collins) Back on the street where I met my sweet, where he was moaning and groaning on the cold concrete, The nurse took him home for some Mercurochrome, and I dressed his wounds and got him back on his feet. The boys are now-on their feet, joining in Angel’s infect celebratory dance number.
39) 21) dialog: Sing it! Today for you, tomorrow for me. Today for you, tomorrow for me! TI said... Today for you, tomorrow for me! Today for you, tomorrow... whoa, oohhh... for me! The boys applaud. Angel holds her hands up in the air and and Mark walk up to her. Each takes a hand. And kisses. The phone rings. Speak!!!
39) 26) text: 29 MARK (mumbling) Well, yeah. But--- ROGER (to Collins) He’s still in love with her. MARK (phony laugh) Yeah. Right. No way. Roger and Collins just smile, staring knowingly at Mark. . MARK (defensive) Hey. It’s Christmas day. The girl needs a little support. . COLLINS (to Angel) Which reminds me, we have an appointment. Anyone who wants can come along.
39) 28) dialog: Life support meeting.
39) 30) dialog: Some people don’t have anywhere else to go today. They look at each other knowingly. No shit. Angel extends to Roger. .
39) 31) dialog: Come on.
39) 33) dialog: Life support’s a. group for people coping with life. You don’t have to stay. too long.
43) 38) dialog: Hi... Ifm Angel.
44) 0) text: Roger sits at his spot on the table, working on a song. T bursts open. Mark enters, flanked by a determined Angel a They move toward Roger. Mark takes away Roger’s guitar. A Collins each grab one arm and puil Roger to the door.
45) 0) text: Bright neon lights spell out the Club’s name. Angel, Mark Collins pull a reluctant Roger to the front door. Roger p gives a puzzled look to the marquee. ROGER . Since when do they serve food here? No one responds, dragging Roger inside. .-
46) 0) text: A smoky room, crowded with a mostly male clientele, and g girls, girls. Handcuffs. Leather. Whips. The dancers are peppered throughout the crowd, conning desperate men into drinks. Collins, Roger, Mark’ and Angel take a seat at th of the runway. ‘A.middle aged BUSINESSMAN, sitting near t eyes at Angel, thinking Angel is‘a woman. Angel flirts ri From behind the stage, a curtain opens slightly. Mimi pee behind the curtain, dressed in a kimono and heavy make-up onstage. She catches Collins’ eye. They exchange a nod. C whispers something to Angel, who excuses herself from the hasn’t seen any of this, but notices Angel leaving the ta
46) 11) text: 77 Al " MIMI (CONT’D) (angry, fearless) So, let’s find a bar so dark we forget who we are, And all the scars from the nevers and maybes die! Bright stage lights... One of the dancers steps up, joins song. It"s ANGEL, dressed in an identical leather outfit. together, the other dancers behind them. Mimi sings and d Roger, Angel does the same for Collins.
46) 12) dialog: Let’s go out tonight! Have to go out tonight. . You’re sweet, wanna’ hit the street? Wanna’ wail at the moon like a cat in heat? Just take mé out tonight. The audience is on their feet, cheering. Roger storms off
46) 13) dialog: Please take me out tonight! Mimi and Angel grind dance. The crowd goes crazy.
46) 14) dialog: Don’t forsake me! Out. tonight! Mimi and Angél throw off their leather. All bra and panti
46) 15) dialog: I’1l let you make me! Out tonight! The Businessman is dying for Angel.
46) 16) dialog: Tonight! Tonight! Mimi and Angel whip off their bras. We see them from behi bare backed ladies.
46) 17) dialog: Tonight! The song ends. The place erupts with thunderous cheers an A few of the men stop applauding... they look at Angel. N And.a bulge in the panties. The businessman looks shocked winks at him. Mimi looks to the back of the club. Roger e
47) 0) text: Mimi, Angel, Collins and Mark arrive at the loft entrance look up to the third floor. We hear the distant sound of angry guitar. Mimi looks to the others. 78 42
49) 15) text: 81 82 45 The song climaxes, fades. Roger looks back to Mimi. “He p sighs, and turns away. He goes back inside the loft. Tear Mimi’s eyes. She embraces Angel.
53) 0) text: The Life Support Group stand together, all singing. CAMER their faces. Gordon. Steve. Angel. Collins. Mark continue film. The song builds into its finale, a gorgeous melting
53) 7) dialog: New York City.
53) 9) dialog: Center of the Universe.
53) 11) dialog: Times are shitty. But I’m pretty sure they can’t get worse.
53) 13) text: Drunks, whores, junkies, NYU kids, businessmen, stockbrok the cramped, dirty train, along with Angel, Collins; Mark
53) 15) dialog: It’s a comfort to know when you’re singing the hit the road blues... that anywhere else you could possibly go after New York would be... The train hits a BUMP, lurches forward. A DRUNK spills ha of gin on Angel’s skitt. She sighs, turns to Mark and Col
53) 16) dialog: A pleasure cruise.
53) 20) dialog: You teach. 50
53) 22) dialog: America. ALL a America! Collins walks ‘through the train, singing to everyone,
53) 30) text: 92 Sl The golden light FADES from the train, réplaced by the co fluorescent subway lighting. Outside, the landscape of Sa been replaced by the WASHINGTON SQUARE SUBWAY STATION. Th have returned to the reality of their tired, cold, dreary EXT. EAST VILLAGE - LATER —- NIGHT . 92 Angel, Collins, Mark and Roger exit the subway. . MARK (checks watch) I’m late for Maureen’s sound check. (pulls Roger) C’mon. You can help. (to Angel and Collins) See you there. Mark and Roger run off.. Angel and Collins are left alone arm in arm through the New York streets. I’LL COVER You b
53) 31) dialog: Live in my house, I’1l be your shelter. Just pay me back, with one thousand kisses, Be my lover. I’1l cover you.
53) 34) dialog: You’ll be my king. And I’ll be your castle. .
54) 0) text: Hundreds of people gather for Maureen’s show. Homeless. T College students. Protesters. Little kids, Dozens of poli riot gear. Fires burn in the trash cans, keeping the crow casting ribbons of smoke through the lot. The theater doors and windows are wide open, making the p accessible for those outside in the abandoned lot. Mark, does a last minute sound check. Joanne stands over him, c watch. Angel and Collins arrive, join Roger. Benny stands corner of the theater, with his investors and father-in-l Roger turns, sees Mimi across the street, in the park. Sh smack from her dealer, THE-MAN. Roger walks up, pulls Mim
55) 0) text: A large, fairly upscale East Village café. A LIGHT SNOW h to fall. We hear the sounds of police and ambulance siren with shouting and screaming, in the background. Roger, Mimi, Angel and Collins arrive at the café entranc by Maureen and Joanne, who tries to comfort her distraugh JOANNE (tender) Baby, please. Calm down. It’s gonna’ be okay. The audience loved you. They got your message.
56) 8) dialog: Tonight we can. The Manager sighs, can’t turn down the business. He leads into the café. They pass Benny’s table,
56) 20) dialog: Who died?
56) 48) dialog: fo Sondheim.
56) 58) dialog: Brothers! Benny tries to calm Mr. Grey. Mark, Angel and Mimi are le
56) 83) dialog: And Collins will recount his exploits as an anarchist, including the tale of his successful programming of the MIT virtual-reality equipment to self destruct as it broadcast the words:
58) 8) dialog: Food of love, emotion, mathematics, isolation, rhythm, feeling, power, harmony, and heavy competition!
60) 2) text: Collins’ arms are wrapped around Angel, who sleeps on Tom
62) 4) dialog: And Pussy Galore . CAMERA PANS BACK to Mark, walking with Joanne.
68) 0) text: Establishing shot. A three. story, well appointed country situated on several lush acres. Rows of luxury cars and l pull into the driveway, parked by a team of valets.. Well guests enter the mansion. . INT. MANSION - DAY ‘ 118 It’s an engagement’ party for Joanne and Maureen. The pla decorated for Valentine’s Day. The party is packed with g There is a clear distinction between the two groups of fa Joanne’s family and friends are racially integrated, soph well educated and liberal. Maureen’s family is very subur class, racist and narrow minded. -A tense, difficult mix Roger, Mark, Mimi, Angel and Collins. are here, looking v place, but happy to indulge in the free food and drink. A pale, thinner. His health appears to be declining. Mauree Joanne stand with their friends. Joanne’s parents, MR.-AND MRS. JEFFERSON, are a distingui dressed, black couple. They stand at the top of the stair Jefferson clinks his. champagne glass, clears his throat.
69) 0) text: Roger, Mimi, Mark, Collins and Angel..enter. The loft has restored, back to normal. All furniture and appliances ha returned. The door has been repaired. Benny stands inside loft, waiting. The. others. are surprised to see him.
69) 24) dialog: People. Please. Stop fighting. We're all a little tense after Maureen and Joanne’s argument. ‘And Benny’s probably still upset about his. cat---
69) 26) dialog: My cat had a fall. And I went through hell. s
71) 0) text: Angel is coughing like hell, shaking with fever. Collins
73) 0) text: Angel has been admitted to the hospital. She is in bed, w All of the Bohemians fill the room. Mimi gives Angela pre It's pink lingerie teddy. Everyone laughs. Mark films. Jo Maureen, standing on opposite sides of the room, exchange
78) 0) text: CAMERA PANS from the morphine drip and heart monitor, to looking very weak and feverish. Collins wipes off Angel’s
78) 1) dialog: Collins. 92
78) 3) dialog: IT want you to take something with. you, okay? Collins nods, holding back emotion. ANGEL . I’m 22 years old and I haven’t had a lot of blessings. But I have known you. and let me tell you something... I wouldn’t trade you for fifty: years.
78) 5) dialog: Why? You know someone? Collins laughs. Angel is very serious now.
78) 6) dialog: Make sure Roger writes his song. And Mark finishes his documentary. And get Mimi off that pipe, get her shit together. All of them. Alright?
78) 8) dialog: Because they’re good people, and Half of them don’t know it.
78) 10) dialog: They’re just fucked up. Collins laughs and wipes Angel’s eyes. Angel smiles. Fadi of peace that real pain can release.
78) 11) dialog: And I owe them.
78) 13) text: 136 137 93 » ANGEL Until I met you... until you all came into my life... Well, I just figured I was going to be alone. Collins tries to be strong, embraces Angel. DISSOLVE TO: CLOSE-UP: The image of the HIV virus ravaging and ‘finall the T-cell. A beat. INT. CHURCH — DAY 137 A Puerto Rican church. A funeral Mass. A coffin rests at the church, adorned with a small framed photo of Angel. T is made up of the people we’ve seen through the course of Angel’s family and friends. The congregation is silent, s hold back sobs. Paul, their leader of LIFE SUPPORT, plays LOVE on the piano, as some of Angel’s friends give their
80) 14) text: If you leave now, Angel’s death is in vain... Roger pauses, turns and opens the door to discover... Mim gravely upset. :
85) 0) text: The window is down. Roger breathes in the country air. CLOSE-ON: Shaky, documentary footage, a brief collage of seven bohemians, in happier days. There are snippets of M performance, Life Support group, La Vie Boheme, Angel’s d CAMERA PULLS BACK. Mark is seated at his editing bay, wat footage, satisfied, happy. He shoves the reels into his b