11) 0) text: CAMERA swoops over the occupants of the tent city parking the remains of an abandoned movie theater that rests on t The theater windows are boarded up. The marquee is shatte GOES inside, past the empty lobby, into the theater. The remaining seats are torn and broken. The floor is str coffee cups, candy wrappers and garbage. An’ occasional r by. Years of dust and cobwebs have accumulated on the wal fixtures. The screen is stained, ripped. Standing on the stage, is JOANNE JEFFERSON, an elegant black woman in her She’s Harvard educated, intelligent, tough and anal reten tinkering with a.complicated sound system with one hand, receiver is cradled under her chin.
11) 1) dialog: Don’t screen Maureen, it’s me, Joanne, your substitute production manager, Hey, hey, hey! Did you eat? Don’t change the subject, Maureen. But darling, you haven’t eaten all day. Joanna tries to adjust the amp’s-electrical cord. It spar She jumps back, still talking. Smoke begins to pour out o
11) 2) dialog: You won’t throw up. You won’t throw up The digital delay... didn’t blow up (exactly). There may have been one teeny tiny spark... 22 23 24 25 BAM! A BLAST OF SPARKS shoots from the amplifiers. A fire along the electrical cords. Joanne quickly stomps on the trying to extinguish them.
11) 3) dialog: You’re not calling Mark!!!
18) 0) text: Flames continue to erupt from the sound equipment. JOANNE (on pay phone) Maureen, I’m not a theater person.
20) 0) text: The fire grows. Joanne panics, stomping out flames. JOANNE (on pay phone)
22) 0) text: Joanne continues stomping out flames. JOANNE (on pay phone) Hello?
24) 0) text: JOANNE (on pay phone) Hello?
40) 3) dialog: Don’t hold your breath.
40) 5) dialog: I told her not to call you. MARK (awkward) Yeah. Well. Can I help? Since I’m here~-
40) 6) dialog: T-hired an engineer.
40) 8) text: Mark turns walks back (CAMERA CUTS BETWEEN MARK and JOANNE’S singing onstage an
40) 9) dialog: He’s three hours late. back. The opening chords of TANGO: MAUREEN begins. Mark to the equipment, begins fiddling with the connections.
40) 10) dialog: The samples won’t delay. But the cable---
40) 14) dialog: Very weird.
40) 16) dialog: I’m so mad that I don’t know what to do. Fighting with microphones, freezing down to my bones. And to top it all off, I’m with you.
40) 18) dialog: As a matter of fact--- “MARK Honey, I know this act. It’s called the Tango Maureen, their relationship with Maureen.) 62 63 64 65 32
40) 20) dialog: You're wrong.
40) 23) dialog: it’s different with me.
40) 25) dialog: I think I know what you mean.
40) 29) dialog: Never.
41) 2) dialog: This is spooky.
42) 0) text: JOANNE (worried) Did you swoon when she walked through the door?
43) 1) dialog: Did she moon over other boys? ~
43) 3) dialog: I’m getting nauseous. INT. THEATER — DAY Joanne and Mark begin a dignified tango, with Mark leadin
43) 8) dialog: You should try it in heels. 70 Joanne DROPS Mark to the floor.. The entire room TRANS an elegant BALLROOM. Mark is in a black tux and tails, Jo a silver evening gown. THey are surrounded by several COU dressed in BLACK and SILVER, doing the tango. MAUREEN ent a bright red evening gown. She dances from couple to coup changing partners every few.steps.
43) 9) dialog: She cheated!
43) 11) dialog: Maureen cheated,
43) 13) dialog: I’m defeated. I should give up right now.
43) 15) dialog: I’d fall for her still anyhow. Maureen turns, dances with Mark, then back with Joanne, b dancing back and forth between the two.
43) 19) dialog: ...dance a tango to hell.
43) 24) dialog: And she can be so obscene... BACK TO REALITY, inside the theater. Mark and Joanne are back in street clothes. Mark fiddles with the PA system, the microphone to Joanne.
43) 27) dialog: Thanks.
43) 29) dialog: I feel lousy. The pay phone rings. Joanne answers.
43) 30) dialog: Hi, honey, we’re... ,Pookie?!? You never called me Pookie. Forget it., We're patched. - She hangs up, looks at Mark.
54) 0) text: Hundreds of people gather for Maureen’s show. Homeless. T College students. Protesters. Little kids, Dozens of poli riot gear. Fires burn in the trash cans, keeping the crow casting ribbons of smoke through the lot. The theater doors and windows are wide open, making the p accessible for those outside in the abandoned lot. Mark, does a last minute sound check. Joanne stands over him, c watch. Angel and Collins arrive, join Roger. Benny stands corner of the theater, with his investors and father-in-l Roger turns, sees Mimi across the street, in the park. Sh smack from her dealer, THE-MAN. Roger walks up, pulls Mim
55) 0) text: A large, fairly upscale East Village café. A LIGHT SNOW h to fall. We hear the sounds of police and ambulance siren with shouting and screaming, in the background. Roger, Mimi, Angel and Collins arrive at the café entranc by Maureen and Joanne, who tries to comfort her distraugh JOANNE (tender) Baby, please. Calm down. It’s gonna’ be okay. The audience loved you. They got your message.
55) 11) dialog: Everybody in New York City is gonna’ see your show!
55) 12) text: Honey, you're a star. Maureen, eyes wet with tears, and a smile that could melt night, turns to Mark. She moves close to him, appreciativ MAUREEN . I don’t know what to say... How can I repay you?. Mark pauses, a slow smile. Joanne, jealous, steps between them. Stern, she looks at Maureen.
55) 13) dialog: Let the boy buy us dinner. Everyone cheers, in unison cries out:
61) 1) dialog: Five hundred twenty-five thousand six hundred minutes. Five hundred twenty- -five thousand journeys to plan. Roger removes a small box from his pocket, gives it to Mi opens it. Inside, is an ANTIQUE WRISTWATCH. Tears fill Mi
61) 2) dialog: Five hundred twenty five thousand six hundred minutes. How do you measure the life of a woman or a man? 105 106 107 72 Roger fastens the watch onto Mimi’s wrist. They kiss. EXT, ST. MARK’S PLACE - THRIFT SHOP - (SUPER 8/16MM) - DA Tom Collins waits outside of this funky, second hand clot Angel exits the store, carrying a shopping bag. Angel giv to Tom. He opens it. Inside, is a worn, faded brown leath Angel helps Tom put on the coat. He checks his reflection store window. He likes it, looks good, models it for Mark
61) 7) dialog: Measure, measure your life in love. Seasons of love, seasons of love, The group finishes the song with pure exuberance and joy. they are stronger than ever. A family. SMASH CUT TO:
64) 0) text: Maureen and Joanne exit. Mark runs out, calls to Joanne.
65) 0) text: Joanne, Mark and Maureen enter a modern high rise. Mark i jeans, flannel shirt, mismatched tie and a worn, corduroy Before going inside, Joanne straightens Mark’s tie. Maure a flicker of jealousy on her face.
66) 0) text: Mark, Maureen and Joanne sit in the waiting ‘room, lookin of place in these slick offices. An attractive, blonde RE in her mid-twenties, sitting at a desk, answers the ringi The receptionist looks up at Mark, Joanne and Maureen.
66) 3) dialog: We don’t want to come on too strong. 16 MAUREEN (hurt, but tough) Okay. Yeah. Sure. Whatever. Joanne and Mark enter. Maureen is left in the waiting roo turns, eyes the receptionist. INT. ALEXI DARLING’S OFFICE - LATER - DAY . 114 ALEXI DARLING is 34, Asian, very slick, too thin, wearing business suit. She paces in front of her window, which ha view of the Bast Side. Maureen and Mark are seated in fro The door to Alexi’s office is open. The waiting room is d Joanne’s eye-line. She has a clear view of Maureen, who i FLIRTING with the blonde receptionist. Joanne tries to co the business at hand. Alexi addresses Mark.
66) 7) dialog: It is? Alexi smiles at Joanne, who smiles back. - But Joanne is focusing on the meeting. She glances to the waiting room, move closer to the receptionist, shamelessly flirting. ALEXI . Okay. We might dip a little on the tabloid side. But we are a News show. And your client has a fresh eye to bring real stories to an audience. We get real programming. He gets network exposure. Not a bad way to start a career. Joanne is distracted by Maureen, who appears to be writin phone number for the receptionist. Alexi is waiting for J response to her last statement, ALEXI (to Joanne} Well?
66) 8) text: 77 JOANNE (back to business) Oh. Yes-- What about salary?
66) 9) text: On commission. An escalating rate per segment. Long pause. Joanne turns to Mark. Well? He's nervous, tor He hates the idea of selling out. 115 EXT. 57° STREET - LATER - DAY . : 115 Mark, Joanne and Maureen exit the offices, walking down t Joanne is ecstatic. Mark is depressed.
66) 11) dialog: For three grand.a segment.
66) 13) dialog: Does everything have to-be about you?
66) 16) dialog: He needed a lawyer. I figured I could. help out since you got them evicted. This is getting heated, nasty: Mark backs away, the girls
66) 18) dialog: Invite the girl. you just flirted with to join us and I will!
66) 20) dialog: Commitment. MAUREEN (sweet smile) That’s all? Why didn’t you say so in the first place?
66) 21) dialog: What?
66) 24) dialog: Will you commit to me? To be with only me? For the rest of our lives?
66) 27) dialog: I don’t know.
66) 30) dialog: Same sex marriage isn’t legal in this country. (pauses, an idea) But it is... in Denmark.
68) 0) text: Establishing shot. A three. story, well appointed country situated on several lush acres. Rows of luxury cars and l pull into the driveway, parked by a team of valets.. Well guests enter the mansion. . INT. MANSION - DAY ‘ 118 It’s an engagement’ party for Joanne and Maureen. The pla decorated for Valentine’s Day. The party is packed with g There is a clear distinction between the two groups of fa Joanne’s family and friends are racially integrated, soph well educated and liberal. Maureen’s family is very subur class, racist and narrow minded. -A tense, difficult mix Roger, Mark, Mimi, Angel and Collins. are here, looking v place, but happy to indulge in the free food and drink. A pale, thinner. His health appears to be declining. Mauree Joanne stand with their friends. Joanne’s parents, MR.-AND MRS. JEFFERSON, are a distingui dressed, black couple. They stand at the top of the stair Jefferson clinks his. champagne glass, clears his throat.
68) 3) dialog: What the hell are you doing?!?
68) 5) dialog: My what?!?
68) 7) dialog: You were flirting with the woman in rubber!
68) 14) dialog: Don’t. You. Dare. Maureen stops right under her chest.
68) 18) dialog: It won’t work. Joanne moves toward Maureen, starts singing.
68) 19) dialog: I look before I leap. I love margins and discipline. I make lists in my sleep. Baby, what’s my sin? Joanne gets right in Maureen’s face and chest. .Is this a mating ritual? The guests can’t take their eyes away. Our loving it, save for Mark, who is embarrassed. 84
68) 20) dialog: Never quit, I follow through. I hate mess. But I love you. What to do with my impromptu baby! So be wise ‘cause this girl satisfies. You’ve got a prize, but don’t compromise. You’re one lucky baby. Take. me for what I am! . MAUREEN (to the crowd) A control freak.
68) 21) dialog: Who I was meant to be!
68) 23) dialog: And if you give a damn!
68) 25) dialog: Take me baby, or leave me!
68) 28) dialog: The straw that breaks my back!
68) 30) dialog: Unless you take it back!
78) 26) text: 95 Maureen and Joanne both join in. As does Benny.
79) 0) text: An overcast Autumn day. Scattered leaves blow in the wind across the cemetery. Carnation after carnation is left on casket. Mark is comforting Collins. Maureen looks at Joanne. A beat. Maureen breaks down cryi comforts her. They hold each other. The funeral ends. Mim away from Benny, walks up to Roger.
100) 0) text: The echoes of “Roger, where are you?” and “Donde estas Mi as another concerned parent’s VOICE, JOANNE’S FATHER, joi JOANNE’S FATHER (V.0.) Joanne, where are you? Joanne and Maureen are showing pictures of Mimi to passer JOANNE’S FATHER (V.0O.) Joanne, where are you? The three questions melt into lovely harmony as we add th VOICE of concern, Mark’s Mother.
104) 0) text: Roger, Mark and Collins open the window, look out. Below, and Joanne are carrying a semi-conscious, very pale, very Roger is stunned.
104) 3) dialog: She was huddled in the park. Freezing. She begged to come here.
105) 2) dialog: She’s been living on the street.
105) 25) text: 112 i181 EXT. THE LOFT BUILDING - SEVERAL DAYS LATER - NIGHT Mark flips on a projector, connected to a long extersion Mark’s film, in its grainy glory, is projected onto the f the loft building. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal the entire street. Roger and Mimi hold each other. She looks well enough for months. Collins is with Maureen and Joanne. The homeless are there. Along with the tenants, the punk protestors and the Life Support Group. Everyone holds a candle. .Tonight is a celebration.