18) 0) text: Flames continue to erupt from the sound equipment. JOANNE (on pay phone) Maureen, I’m not a theater person.
21) 0) text: Mark films his script burning. The title page goes up in It reads: “DEDICATED TO MAUREEN”.
25) 0) text: MARK (answers phone) Hello, Maureen? Your equipment won’t work. Okay, tomorrow, I’ll go! Mark hangs up furiously. Roger looks down at an old pictu Inside, is a faded photo of Roger and his old girlfriend,
39) 3) text: 59 25 Mark searches the cupboards, finds a coffee can. He tears from a Village Voice, forms it into-a filter for the rust machine. He opens the coffee can, begins to pour the.cont the filter. Less than a teaspoon. Mark sighs, frustrated. The phone rings. The answering machine picks up: Speak! MARK’S MOM (V.0.) Mark? Are you there? Are you screening your calls? It’ Mom. Mark grimaces. Roger turns, notices something outside. An on a string, is being lowered in front of. the. window. MARK’S MOM (V.0.) : Just wanted to call and say we love you. We’ll miss you today. Cindy and the kids are here, send their love. I hope you like the hot plate. Just don’t leave it on when you leave the house. Roger opens the window, takes the envelope. His name is h on the front. He opens the envelope. Written on a slip of X-mas Brunch? Come on up. Mimi. Roger is torn. He desperately wants to go... MARR’ S: MOM (V.O.) Oh, Mark, and -we’re sorry to hear that Maureen dumped you. I say C’est le vie. So let her bea lesbian. There are other fishies in the sea. Beep! The red light blinks. Mark sighs, looks to Roger.
39) 22) dialog: Mark! I need you at the theater! The new equipment’s just arrived-- Mark picks up the telephone. He’s obviously still smitten
40) 19) text: Smiling, blowing kisses at the audience. She’s whimsical, a self-obsessed diva, insane with her own freedom. CAMERA We see that Mark is filming Maureen, doing an interpretiv the Central Park band shell. MARK (V.0.) . The Tango Maureen! It’s a dark, dizzy merry-go-round. As she keeps you dangling.
41) 0) text: Mark and Maureen sit at an outside table. They lean acros and kiss. Mark’s eyes are closed. Mauréen’s are not. CAME to her POV. She’s checking out a gorgeous girl, crossing
43) 0) text: Mark is at the bar, shell shocked, watching something fro barstool. CAMERA PANS to the dance floor. Maureen is just as she dances with another guy.
53) 30) text: 92 Sl The golden light FADES from the train, réplaced by the co fluorescent subway lighting. Outside, the landscape of Sa been replaced by the WASHINGTON SQUARE SUBWAY STATION. Th have returned to the reality of their tired, cold, dreary EXT. EAST VILLAGE - LATER —- NIGHT . 92 Angel, Collins, Mark and Roger exit the subway. . MARK (checks watch) I’m late for Maureen’s sound check. (pulls Roger) C’mon. You can help. (to Angel and Collins) See you there. Mark and Roger run off.. Angel and Collins are left alone arm in arm through the New York streets. I’LL COVER You b
54) 0) text: Hundreds of people gather for Maureen’s show. Homeless. T College students. Protesters. Little kids, Dozens of poli riot gear. Fires burn in the trash cans, keeping the crow casting ribbons of smoke through the lot. The theater doors and windows are wide open, making the p accessible for those outside in the abandoned lot. Mark, does a last minute sound check. Joanne stands over him, c watch. Angel and Collins arrive, join Roger. Benny stands corner of the theater, with his investors and father-in-l Roger turns, sees Mimi across the street, in the park. Sh smack from her dealer, THE-MAN. Roger walks up, pulls Mim
54) 10) dialog: -..Diet Coke”. 54 The microphone throws the words in reverb. “Diet Coke, Di Diet...” The audience cheers and applauds with tremendous Benny exchanges a worried look with his investors and Fat Grey, who is slowly fuming.
54) 11) dialog: She said, “The only thing to do is jump over the moon”. They’ve closed everything real down.. Barns, troughs and performance spaces! And replaced it ali with lies and rules and virtual life. Special microphone. The reverb: Life, life, life, life...
54) 12) dialog: And there’s only one way out... On the back of the stage, THREE BACKUP SINGERS appear.
54) 14) dialog: Only thing to do is jump over the moon. Only thing to do is jump over the moon. Only thing to do is jump over the moon. The crowd is with her, starting to sing along. Mimi, Ange are singing. Roger smiles. Mark continues to film. Maureen goes to the. next verse, looks to the back of the meet Benny’s.
54) 15) dialog: Then a little bulldog entered. His name (we have learned) was Benny. And although he once had principles, he abandoned them to live as a lapdog to a wealthy daughter of the revolution. Mr. Grey shoots a cold, insulted look to Benny. Scared, B over to a nearby RIOT COP. Benny whispers to the cop, giv policeman very specific orders. The cop nods, moves to a Policeman, repeating Benny’s instructions. A worried Roger sees what has transpired between Benny an
54) 16) dialog: Elsie the cow whispered to me, “A leap of faith. Still thirsty?” she asked. Parched. “Have some milk.” I lowered myself beneath her swollen udder and sucked the sweetest milk I’d ever tasted.
54) 17) text: 55 Maureen makes a loud, slurping, sucking sound. The backup continue:
54) 19) dialog: . Only thing to do is jump over the moon. Over the moon. Over the--- (moos like a cow) Mooc0000! Mooococ000! Mooooc000! C’mon! Moo with me! Maureen encourages the audience to Moo with her. Several members join her, beginning to Moo. In the midst of this, one of the cops PUSHES a protestor. PUSHES BACK. Others JOIN in. Angry protestors and police STAND OFF. Sh Shouting. A punch is thrown. A RIOT begins. At first it’s against the protestors. Then everyone begins to JOIN IN. his CAMERA AWAY from the stage, begins to FILM the riot. Outside, Benny, Mr. Grey and the investors get into a nea and drive off. Maureen stops her show, tries to stop the rioting. MAUREEN (softly, scared) People. Please. Let’s be cool... Joanne joins Maureen onstage, trying to pull her to the e A cop shoves a protestor into the light board. The lights goon. Some start to strobe, flashing. A cop pushes one of the homeless into a flaming trash can can is knocked over. The Christmas tree goes up in flames Mark films all of it. The riot has spilled out onto the s larger, more violent. . A cop tries to arrest Angel. He gives the cop a swift kic followed by an elbow to the jaw. The cop drops to his kne grabs Collins, Roger and Mimi, leads them away, trying to the crowd. Absolute CHAOS. Bricks and bottles begin to fly. Approach heard in the distance. Joanne watches in horror from the sees a cop beating on a homeless man. She LEAPS from the crowd. Joanne follows. 94 56 Roger, Mimi, Angel and Collins have nearly made it to saf COP steps in front of them. It looks like they’re done fo The cop takes off his riot mask, reveals his face. It’s S the Life Support Group. They are shocked.
55) 0) text: A large, fairly upscale East Village café. A LIGHT SNOW h to fall. We hear the sounds of police and ambulance siren with shouting and screaming, in the background. Roger, Mimi, Angel and Collins arrive at the café entranc by Maureen and Joanne, who tries to comfort her distraugh JOANNE (tender) Baby, please. Calm down. It’s gonna’ be okay. The audience loved you. They got your message.
55) 1) dialog: Before or after they got arrested? I mean... It was supposed to be a peaceful protest. How did it get so out of control?
55) 3) dialog: Benny? ROGER (nods) He orchestrated the whole thing. I saw it all go down.
55) 4) dialog: That prick! Mark dashes up to our group of Bohemians. Mark is dancing excited, happy, sporting a few bruises and scratches from Maureen turns on him, furious.
55) 6) dialog: What are you so fucking happy about?
55) 8) dialog: Who?
55) 12) text: Honey, you're a star. Maureen, eyes wet with tears, and a smile that could melt night, turns to Mark. She moves close to him, appreciativ MAUREEN . I don’t know what to say... How can I repay you?. Mark pauses, a slow smile. Joanne, jealous, steps between them. Stern, she looks at Maureen.
56) 10) dialog: The enemy of Avenue A.
56) 14) dialog: Go to hell.
56) 44) dialog: Emotions, devotion, to causing a commotion. Creation. Vacation.
56) 46) dialog: Compassion, to fashion, to passion when it’s new.
56) 51) dialog: To the stage.
56) 57) dialog: We’re close. Angel jumps on top of.Collins, who’s on the table. They k
58) 10) dialog: Revolution, justice, screaming for solutions, forcing changes, risk and danger, making noise and making pleas! PANDEMONIUM ERUPTS in the restaurant. Everyone is dancing chairs, on the bar.
58) 12) dialog: To’ me!
62) 2) dialog: ‘Who are you two supposed to be?
62) 7) dialog: The only reason you got on TV in the first place was because of me. (scheming) We can plan another protest. This time you can shoot my entire show.
62) 9) dialog: What? Why not?
64) 0) text: Maureen and Joanne exit. Mark runs out, calls to Joanne.
65) 0) text: Joanne, Mark and Maureen enter a modern high rise. Mark i jeans, flannel shirt, mismatched tie and a worn, corduroy Before going inside, Joanne straightens Mark’s tie. Maure a flicker of jealousy on her face.
66) 0) text: Mark, Maureen and Joanne sit in the waiting ‘room, lookin of place in these slick offices. An attractive, blonde RE in her mid-twenties, sitting at a desk, answers the ringi The receptionist looks up at Mark, Joanne and Maureen.
66) 2) dialog: But--~-
66) 9) text: On commission. An escalating rate per segment. Long pause. Joanne turns to Mark. Well? He's nervous, tor He hates the idea of selling out. 115 EXT. 57° STREET - LATER - DAY . : 115 Mark, Joanne and Maureen exit the offices, walking down t Joanne is ecstatic. Mark is depressed.
66) 12) dialog: You would have got nothing without my protest.
66) 15) dialog: Me?!? You're the one helping my ex-boyfriend.
66) 17) dialog: Why don’t you two just get an accountant’s ledger, a bottle of champagne and go at it?
66) 19) dialog: That’s what your upset about?!? C’/mon, Pookie. I was just being friendly. Joanne rolls her eyes. She’s heard this one before. Maure on one knee, looks up at Joanne. . 78 MAUREEN (theatrical) How can I make it up to you? Let me be your slave. I/’11 kiss your Doc Martins. I’il obey your every wish. Just tell me what you want. Joanne pauses, speaks softly, honestly. From the heart.
66) 22) dialog: All you have to do is ask. And I’m yours. A beat. They look into each other’s eyes, Mark is nauseou day get any worse for him? He stops at his bicycle, unloc
66) 25) dialog: Ido. Iwill. - They kiss. Mark groans.
66) 28) dialog: Let’s go to Hawaii. Like Rock Hudson and Gomer Pyle. We’1ll get married on a volcano,
66) 31) dialog: I’ve always wanted to go to Denmark. Arm in arm, they walk off together. Mark watches, in horr
68) 0) text: Establishing shot. A three. story, well appointed country situated on several lush acres. Rows of luxury cars and l pull into the driveway, parked by a team of valets.. Well guests enter the mansion. . INT. MANSION - DAY ‘ 118 It’s an engagement’ party for Joanne and Maureen. The pla decorated for Valentine’s Day. The party is packed with g There is a clear distinction between the two groups of fa Joanne’s family and friends are racially integrated, soph well educated and liberal. Maureen’s family is very subur class, racist and narrow minded. -A tense, difficult mix Roger, Mark, Mimi, Angel and Collins. are here, looking v place, but happy to indulge in the free food and drink. A pale, thinner. His health appears to be declining. Mauree Joanne stand with their friends. Joanne’s parents, MR.-AND MRS. JEFFERSON, are a distingui dressed, black couple. They stand at the top of the stair Jefferson clinks his. champagne glass, clears his throat.
68) 4) dialog: We were just talking--- 82 JOANNE (sarcastic) Right. MAUREEN (angry) You know, Miss Ivy League... I can’t take much more of your obsessive, compulsive, control freak paranoia!
68) 6) dialog: I didn’t pierce. my nipples because it grossed you out! I didn’t stay at the clit Club last night because you wanted to-go home!...
68) 8) dialog: There will always be women in rubber flirting with me! Give me a break! Silence falls over the crowd. The guests are all looking Maureen. We hear the chords of TAKE ME OR LEAVE ME. Maure sing,’ facing off against Joanne.
68) 9) dialog: Every single day, I walk down the street I hear people say, “Baby’s so sweet”. Ever since puberty, everybody stares at me. Boys, girls. I can’t help it, baby. Maureen starts moving around the room. Joanne is mortifie partygoers watch. Some are entertained, some are in shock
68) 10) dialog: So be kind. Don’t lose your mind. Just remember that I’m your baby. fake me for what am! Who I was meant to be! And if you give a damn. Take me baby,.or leave me. Take me baby or leave me. Maureen kisses Joanne and jumps up on the bar.
68) 11) dialog: A tiger in a cage, can never see the sun. This Diva needs her stage. Baby, Jet’s have fun. Maureen jumps down. Joanne’s seething is starting to turn rage.
68) 13) dialog: ‘You are the one I choose. Folks’d kill to fill your shoes. You love the limelight too, baby! Maureen starts to pull up her shirt. ‘ MAUREEN So be mine, but'don’t waste my time, cryin’ “Honeybear, are you still my baby?” Maureen is about to remove her shirt.
68) 15) dialog: Take me for what I am. Who I was meant to be. And if you give a damn. Take me baby or leave me. Maureen dances around the room, flirting with the guests, at Joanne. .
68) 16) dialog: No way can I be-what I’m not! But hey, don’t you want your girl hot? Don’t fight! Don’t losé your head! ‘Cause every night, who’s in your. bed? Maureen moves closer to Joanne,
68) 17) dialog: Who’s in your bed, baby? (inches from Joanne) Kiss, Pookie?
68) 22) dialog: A snob. Yet, over-attentive.
68) 24) dialog: A lovable, droll geek.
68) 26) dialog: And anal retentive, They square off. The guests are transfixed.
68) 32) dialog: What is it about them? They sing to each other. A battle of passion and soul.
73) 0) text: Angel has been admitted to the hospital. She is in bed, w All of the Bohemians fill the room. Mimi gives Angela pre It's pink lingerie teddy. Everyone laughs. Mark films. Jo Maureen, standing on opposite sides of the room, exchange
78) 16) dialog: You were so much more original than any of us. You'd find an old tablecloth on the street and make a dress. And next year, sure enough, they’d be mass producing them at the Gap. You always said how lucky you were that we were all friends. But it was us, baby, who were the lucky ones. 94 The congregation lowers its head. Maureen walks back to h exchanges a glance with Joanne as she passes her. Collins The mourners are’ silent. Collins is clutching the leathe bought for hin. Collins tries to speak, but can’t. He looks over at Paul, begins to play the opening of I’LL COVER You (REPRISE). C to sing. Softly.
78) 26) text: 95 Maureen and Joanne both join in. As does Benny.
79) 0) text: An overcast Autumn day. Scattered leaves blow in the wind across the cemetery. Carnation after carnation is left on casket. Mark is comforting Collins. Maureen looks at Joanne. A beat. Maureen breaks down cryi comforts her. They hold each other. The funeral ends. Mim away from Benny, walks up to Roger.
100) 0) text: The echoes of “Roger, where are you?” and “Donde estas Mi as another concerned parent’s VOICE, JOANNE’S FATHER, joi JOANNE’S FATHER (V.0.) Joanne, where are you? Joanne and Maureen are showing pictures of Mimi to passer JOANNE’S FATHER (V.0O.) Joanne, where are you? The three questions melt into lovely harmony as we add th VOICE of concern, Mark’s Mother.
104) 2) dialog: I can’t get her up the stairs. ‘Roger, Mark and Collins hurry downstairs. Roger is the first to arrive, taking a near unconscious M arms. The others offer their support, assist in carrying the building. Joanne explains to Roger.
105) 21) dialog: Her fever’s breaking. Mark looks to the others. Gently, quietly, he begins to s beginning of FINALE B.
105) 25) text: 112 i181 EXT. THE LOFT BUILDING - SEVERAL DAYS LATER - NIGHT Mark flips on a projector, connected to a long extersion Mark’s film, in its grainy glory, is projected onto the f the loft building. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal the entire street. Roger and Mimi hold each other. She looks well enough for months. Collins is with Maureen and Joanne. The homeless are there. Along with the tenants, the punk protestors and the Life Support Group. Everyone holds a candle. .Tonight is a celebration.