9) 0) text: Through the scattered loft windows, we see various tenant candles. One woman, MIMI MARQUEZ, 19 years old, beautiful thick, long dark hair and brown eyes, lights a candle in Her voice joins Roger and Mark.
9) 1) dialog: How we gonna’ pay? In another window, ANOTHER TENANT’S voice joins Roger, Ma
10) 0) text: We hear Mimi and the tenant’s voice along with...
37) 6) dialog: It’s nothing. They turned off my heat. And I’m just a little weak on my feet. Would you light my candle? (a beat) What are you staring at?
39) 3) text: 59 25 Mark searches the cupboards, finds a coffee can. He tears from a Village Voice, forms it into-a filter for the rust machine. He opens the coffee can, begins to pour the.cont the filter. Less than a teaspoon. Mark sighs, frustrated. The phone rings. The answering machine picks up: Speak! MARK’S MOM (V.0.) Mark? Are you there? Are you screening your calls? It’ Mom. Mark grimaces. Roger turns, notices something outside. An on a string, is being lowered in front of. the. window. MARK’S MOM (V.0.) : Just wanted to call and say we love you. We’ll miss you today. Cindy and the kids are here, send their love. I hope you like the hot plate. Just don’t leave it on when you leave the house. Roger opens the window, takes the envelope. His name is h on the front. He opens the envelope. Written on a slip of X-mas Brunch? Come on up. Mimi. Roger is torn. He desperately wants to go... MARR’ S: MOM (V.O.) Oh, Mark, and -we’re sorry to hear that Maureen dumped you. I say C’est le vie. So let her bea lesbian. There are other fishies in the sea. Beep! The red light blinks. Mark sighs, looks to Roger.
46) 0) text: A smoky room, crowded with a mostly male clientele, and g girls, girls. Handcuffs. Leather. Whips. The dancers are peppered throughout the crowd, conning desperate men into drinks. Collins, Roger, Mark’ and Angel take a seat at th of the runway. ‘A.middle aged BUSINESSMAN, sitting near t eyes at Angel, thinking Angel is‘a woman. Angel flirts ri From behind the stage, a curtain opens slightly. Mimi pee behind the curtain, dressed in a kimono and heavy make-up onstage. She catches Collins’ eye. They exchange a nod. C whispers something to Angel, who excuses herself from the hasn’t seen any of this, but notices Angel leaving the ta
46) 11) text: 77 Al " MIMI (CONT’D) (angry, fearless) So, let’s find a bar so dark we forget who we are, And all the scars from the nevers and maybes die! Bright stage lights... One of the dancers steps up, joins song. It"s ANGEL, dressed in an identical leather outfit. together, the other dancers behind them. Mimi sings and d Roger, Angel does the same for Collins.
47) 0) text: Mimi, Angel, Collins and Mark arrive at the loft entrance look up to the third floor. We hear the distant sound of angry guitar. Mimi looks to the others. 78 42
48) 0) text: Roger angrily strums out a rock riff on his guitar. Mimi
48) 6) text: 43 Mimi tries to touch Roger. He recoils, pushes Mimi out th
49) 0) text: Roger stands at the entrance, glaring at Mimi.
49) 2) dialog: There’s only us. Only tonight. We must let go. To know what’s right. No other course. No other way. No day but today. Mimi turns, joins Collins, Angel and Mark across the stre melodies begin to trade off with Roger's, pushing each ot MIMI/ANGEL/COLLINS/MARK — ROGER I can’t control Control your temper. My destiny. She doesn’t see. Seeing that Angel, Collins and Mark have sided with Mimi, anger returns. He stares them all down... They sing at ea 44
49) 15) text: 81 82 45 The song climaxes, fades. Roger looks back to Mimi. “He p sighs, and turns away. He goes back inside the loft. Tear Mimi’s eyes. She embraces Angel.
54) 0) text: Hundreds of people gather for Maureen’s show. Homeless. T College students. Protesters. Little kids, Dozens of poli riot gear. Fires burn in the trash cans, keeping the crow casting ribbons of smoke through the lot. The theater doors and windows are wide open, making the p accessible for those outside in the abandoned lot. Mark, does a last minute sound check. Joanne stands over him, c watch. Angel and Collins arrive, join Roger. Benny stands corner of the theater, with his investors and father-in-l Roger turns, sees Mimi across the street, in the park. Sh smack from her dealer, THE-MAN. Roger walks up, pulls Mim
55) 0) text: A large, fairly upscale East Village café. A LIGHT SNOW h to fall. We hear the sounds of police and ambulance siren with shouting and screaming, in the background. Roger, Mimi, Angel and Collins arrive at the café entranc by Maureen and Joanne, who tries to comfort her distraugh JOANNE (tender) Baby, please. Calm down. It’s gonna’ be okay. The audience loved you. They got your message.
56) 42) dialog: To hand crafted beers made in local breweries. To yoga. To yogurt. To rice and beans and cheese. Angel lies face down on the table. Mimi mimics giving it behind. The investors tap Benny. Mimi turns 62
56) 43) dialog: To leather, to dildos, to curry vindaloo, fo huevos rancheros and Maya Angelous, to smile at Roger, but he’s distant. Collins and Maureen dance ballroom past him. Roger taps ignored by
56) 53) dialog: Why Dorothy and Toto went over the rainbow, to blow off Auntie Em,
56) 91) dialog: Baggage.
57) 0) text: A summer courtyard, deserted in the winter. Tables and ch covered with several inches of snow. ‘The glorious snow c fall. It’s a magical, romantic night. Roger and Mimi ente hands, alone. They look into each others’ eyes, singing t
57) 12) dialog: I should tell. Well, here we go. Now, We...
57) 18) dialog: Who knows where?. Who goes there? Who knows? Here goes? They finally surrender to each ether, beginning to slow d courtyard. Mimi puts her head on Roger’s shoulder.
57) 19) dialog: . Trusting desire. Starting to learn. Walking. through fire, without a burn. Clinging. A shoulder. A leap begins. Stinging and older. Asleep on pins. So here we go. Now, we... Roger takes Mimi’s hand, leads her-back inside. 68
58) 0) text: Roger and Mimi enter, holding hands, gazing into each oth
58) 1) dialog: Here goes. Here goes. Here goes. They kiss. It is long, passionate. Perfect. Everything a first kiss The BOHEMIANS, seeing Roger and Mimi kissing, break into and APPLAUSE.
60) 0) text: 101 102 103 104 Roger and Mimi kiss. Mimi pauses, turns, looks at the cam puts her hand over the, lens. :
61) 0) text: Roger and Mimi sit on a brownstone staircase. They are sh slice of pizza with a plastic fork.
62) 0) text: The streets are scattered with East Village partiers, all in the New Year. The Bohemians are splitting a few bottle champagne between them. They are happy, filled with hope, promise of a New Year. CAMERA STARTS on Roger and Mimi, w ahead of the others, having a conversation. .
67) 0) text: The afternoon crowd. Mimi is standing on the runway as a aged tourist puts a twenty into her stocking. She looks u Benny, sitting at a table, in the rear of the club. He gi small wave. Mimi moves over to him.
67) 9) dialog: Ease up on Roger and Mark. I understand that business is business. But you guys were best friends. Mark still loves you. He’s real upset about this whole thing. So is Collins. And Roger. BENNY (incredulous) I can’t believe you're with hin.
68) 0) text: Establishing shot. A three. story, well appointed country situated on several lush acres. Rows of luxury cars and l pull into the driveway, parked by a team of valets.. Well guests enter the mansion. . INT. MANSION - DAY ‘ 118 It’s an engagement’ party for Joanne and Maureen. The pla decorated for Valentine’s Day. The party is packed with g There is a clear distinction between the two groups of fa Joanne’s family and friends are racially integrated, soph well educated and liberal. Maureen’s family is very subur class, racist and narrow minded. -A tense, difficult mix Roger, Mark, Mimi, Angel and Collins. are here, looking v place, but happy to indulge in the free food and drink. A pale, thinner. His health appears to be declining. Mauree Joanne stand with their friends. Joanne’s parents, MR.-AND MRS. JEFFERSON, are a distingui dressed, black couple. They stand at the top of the stair Jefferson clinks his. champagne glass, clears his throat.
69) 0) text: Roger, Mimi, Mark, Collins and Angel..enter. The loft has restored, back to normal. All furniture and appliances ha returned. The door has been repaired. Benny stands inside loft, waiting. The. others. are surprised to see him.
69) 21) dialog: Liar. You came on to me.
70) 0) text: The park is no longer snow covered, but budding green, sc flowers, It’s Springtime. “Mimi has an envelope in her ha sees the pusher, The Man, in the distance. she holds the tighter and walks toward him.
72) 0) text: Roger finds the packet of used white powder on the table. starts to fight with Mimi. They argue.
73) 0) text: Angel has been admitted to the hospital. She is in bed, w All of the Bohemians fill the room. Mimi gives Angela pre It's pink lingerie teddy. Everyone laughs. Mark films. Jo Maureen, standing on opposite sides of the room, exchange
74) 0) text: Summertime. A window fan spins. Roger sits up in bed. He the space in bed beside him. Mimi is gone. Roger leaps ou He runs into the hallway. The bathroom door is open. A cr Roger's face pales, bringing back awful memories of April He races to the bathroom, opens the door. Mimi lies on th wasted on crack. Roger picks her up, carries her into the
75) 0) text: Mimi buys smack from The Man. She turns. Roger is facing just seen the whole thing. He grabs the bag of white powd it. Mimi and. Roger fight, singing to each other. . ROGER ‘ Without you, the eyes gaze. The legs walk. The lungs breathe, Roger tosses the bag of powder at her, turns and walks aw takes off the antique watch that Roger gave her, delicate drop onto the ground. She sings to Roger as he walks away
75) 5) dialog: fhe tears dry. Without you.
75) 6) text: 132 133 134 135 91 Mimi turns away. He and Roger are now walking their separ continuing to sing.
75) 7) dialog: Life goes on. But I’m gone. ‘Cause I die. Without you. CAT SCRATCH CLUB - MIMI’S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT 132 While the girls scramble for their costumes, Mimi waits t onstage. She looks terribly sad, almost in a trance. Lost
76) 2) dialog: Without you.
77) 0) text: The song ends. Mimi is now alone, trying to apply makeup, hold herself together, but the tears are brimming. A KNOC door. Mimi wipes her eyes, collects herself.
79) 11) dialog: No shit. Benny joins them. Collins smiles.
80) 19) dialog: Just came to say, Glory. “Goodbye love. One blaze of Goodbye love. Glory. Goodbye love. I have to find Goodbye.
82) 0) text: Mimi stands at the top of the stairs, shattered, crying. appears behind her, puts his hand on her shoulder.
83) 0) text: Mimi walks to the window.
84) 0) text: Mimi stares out the window, singing.
92) 0) text: Roger performs. The crowd doesn’t listen. Bored. Roger si frustrated, . ‘ ROGER Just don’t let go, or you may drown, 101 isl 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 1593 160 102 Again,-he sees Mimi’s face in the crowd. It’s fleeting, t disappears.
100) 0) text: The echoes of “Roger, where are you?” and “Donde estas Mi as another concerned parent’s VOICE, JOANNE’S FATHER, joi JOANNE’S FATHER (V.0.) Joanne, where are you? Joanne and Maureen are showing pictures of Mimi to passer JOANNE’S FATHER (V.0O.) Joanne, where are you? The three questions melt into lovely harmony as we add th VOICE of concern, Mark’s Mother.
101) 0) text: Roger is running through the park, searching for Mimi. Up sees The Man. Roger runs up to him. .
105) 0) text: The group enter, carrying Mimi. ‘They lay her down carefu table. Mimi looks up at Roger.
105) 16) text: Another death. It’s too soon. It’s too much for them to bear. CAMERA PANS to Mimi's hand. It is motionless. . Still. Suddenly, her hand twitches. Incredibly, Mimi is still alive. She sits up. Roger supports her.
105) 25) text: 112 i181 EXT. THE LOFT BUILDING - SEVERAL DAYS LATER - NIGHT Mark flips on a projector, connected to a long extersion Mark’s film, in its grainy glory, is projected onto the f the loft building. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal the entire street. Roger and Mimi hold each other. She looks well enough for months. Collins is with Maureen and Joanne. The homeless are there. Along with the tenants, the punk protestors and the Life Support Group. Everyone holds a candle. .Tonight is a celebration.
105) 26) dialog: There’s only us. There’s only this, Forget regret or life is yours to miss. Mark’s film is celebratory, images of all the people we h know and love. Face after face after face. Soon, other voices begin to JOIN in the song, as it grows more powerful.