30) 0) text: JOE MATHESON sits in a wheelchair in his small one-room apartment, struggling to reach the rabbit ears of a tiny crap TV. Joe's a man from another era - 90s and frail - but his white hair is neatly parted and slicked back, and he wear a three-piece suit with a gold chain and pocket-watch. Smacking the side of the television, he shakes it, making a hell of a racket until...
30) 2) dialog: Yeah. Can you give it a shot Marna?
30) 4) dialog: Better picture. Try a little to the left. (beat) That's getting there. REVEAL Frank stepping into the doorway, taking in the scene. He clears his throat. Joe looks over as the nurse straightens up.
30) 6) dialog: Thanks Marna. Frank watches her go, marveling.
30) 8) dialog: Your timing is terrible, Kid. I don't see you in forever and when you finally show, you're cutting into my action.
30) 10) dialog: It's goddamned embarrassing you seeing me like this.
30) 12) dialog: I never thought it would happen to me. Getting old. The things we did, I never thought I'd still be alive. Hell, I can't believe you're alive. 19.
30) 14) dialog: You? Ha! Can't be. I remember recruiting this wet-behind-the-ears army punk like it was yesterday. Frank can't help but smile. JOE (cont'd) What'd you do? Marry the girl next door? Frank hesitates.
30) 18) dialog: (stunned) Jesus. How'd that go?
30) 20) dialog: Sure. Got the prints? Frank tosses him a squishy plastic bag. Joe peers inside, disgusted. JOE (cont'd) You know there was a time this was a gentleman's game.
32) 0) text: Joe and Frank sit on a small patio in the shade. Joe's on a cell phone taking notes.
32) 1) dialog: Okay. You too. Thanks. He hangs up. JOE (cont'd) It was a South African team. Very elite. They only worked for major governments. Joe gives He passes 21.
32) 3) dialog: What the hell did you do?
32) 5) dialog: One of them is also a print match to an NYPD crime scene. A woman was killed a couple months back. his notes to Frank, but nothing clicks.
32) 7) dialog: Give me a day. I'll make some calls. See what I can find out.
32) 9) dialog: (laughing) Hell, Kid. I'm ninety years old with stage IV liver cancer. What do I have to be afraid of?
40) 0) text: Joe Matheson's on the phone, worried, jotting something on a piece of paper.
40) 1) dialog: I appreciate it. Okay. Bye. He folds the paper and scrawls Frank's name on it. Rolling to his dressing table, Joe straightens his tie, combs his hair back, and picks up his wallet and keys. Behind him, the door to his room opens and two men in suits step inside, pulling the door shut. Joe coldly eyes them in the mirror, slipping the paper into the dresser. One SUIT takes out a gun. The other picks up a pillow.
40) 2) dialog: So it's like that then?
96) 3) dialog: (nods at Marvin) There's something wrong with this guy, Frank, you know, in the head. Frank grins. 69.
96) 6) dialog: Help him in here, honey. Sarah pulls open the door and settles Frank into the car beside Joe.
96) 8) text: Joe kicks his wheelchair around to face the two killers. They're astonished to see he's got a 9mm semiautomatic in each hand.
96) 10) dialog: Nah. Just retired. (to Marvin) Start the car, nutjob. Sarah closes the door and rounds the car heading for the front seat. JOE (cont'd) She's with you? Frank nods. JOE (cont'd) Nice work. Sarah slides in and Marvin pulls out.
100) 2) dialog: Both hands on the wheel, Nutjob. Sarah turns to Joe.
104) 0) text: The others filter in and Joe and Victoria embrace.
104) 2) dialog: Victoria. You're lovely as ever.
104) 5) dialog: Victoria was the best wet asset I ever worked with. A true artist with a PSG. Sarah shoots Frank a questioning look.
106) 0) text: Marvin, Joe, Frank, Sarah and Victoria sit around the coffee table with papers and a laptop. Other guests chat quietly in the background.
106) 2) dialog: Christ. He's CEO of Browning-Orvis.
106) 4) dialog: The defense contractor. Very politically connected.
112) 0) text: A security guard escorts Joe, in his wheelchair and three piece suit, up to the main house.
113) 1) dialog: Nice place. In fact, I'm not sure I've ever been in a room this nice. ANDREW DUNNING, portly and rich, sits behind his desk, looking Joe over skeptically. JOE (cont'd) How big is that TV?
113) 3) dialog: We just have a few questions. Suddenly Frank appears behind the startled butler, quickl zip-tying his hands. Marvin appears in another doorway, hustling in three security guards, their hands zip-tied behind their backs.
113) 15) dialog: (to Dunning) Did you know that Frank here wrote the CIA field manual on torture? The old one.
113) 27) dialog: Robert Stanton.
116) 1) dialog: How's it look?
117) 0) text: Frank watches Marvin laying out his numerous weapons. Joe puts a hand on Frank's shoulder.
117) 1) dialog: We don't have a lot of options, Kid.
117) 3) dialog: Somebody's going to have to make the tough choice if any of us are going to make it out alive. A long, quiet moment of understanding passes between them love and sadness. JOE (cont'd) I think you're going to have to give yourself up. Finally Frank nods.
118) 3) text: He turns, reeling, realizing Frank was right: he's not in control of this situation. Cooper draws his weapon and charges towards the house. Frank lies motionless on the walkway. Cooper rolls the body over. It's Joe Matheson, dressed in Frank's clothes. He's dead. 87. PUSH IN on Cooper. Suddenly GUNFIRE erupts from the back of the house, and RADIOS ARE SCREAMING.