0) 373) dialog: (stunned)
0) 374) text: My God! That's it! You're right! Anthony Shepherd! They call me Tony. Tony Shepherd! That's who I am! VALENTINA and ANTON begin to pay attention and gather aro
0) 376) dialog: Yes...That's right! That's right! But how?...
0) 379) dialog: But that's amazing! Brilliant! (oddly concerned)
0) 381) dialog: (relieved)
0) 391) dialog: That's so strange. And horrible.. it's a complete blank. But I do remember I was involved in some sort of charity.. trying to do good, to make the world a better place, you know...inspire people, give them hope.... (self deprecatingly)
0) 393) dialog: What's that?
0) 396) dialog: I mean, the pipe. Where did you get it? ANTON looks at the metal pipe.
0) 398) dialog: It's mine.
0) 403) dialog: It's not a musical instrument. May I have it?... Please.
0) 406) dialog: Positive.
0) 409) dialog: (getting shirty)
0) 412) dialog: (angry)
0) 417) dialog: Thank you. DR. PARNASSUS, who's been watching this exchange, looks thoughtful.
0) 453) text: However, the AUDIENCE - a few PASSERS-BY and DRINKERS who have drifted out of the pub for a smoke - aren't much interested in ANTON. Instead they pay more attention to t masked TONY who, decked out in a stylish costume, is work the sparse crowd with his smooth charm. ANTON, irritated, glances back at DOCTOR PARNASSUS who is worried about the lack of customers. TONY is now surrounded by fascinated WOMEN. They laugh at of his jokes. One pretty young woman, SALLY, in particula seems to be smitten by the handsome `actor'. TONY smiles seductively at her. The sight provokes ANTON. He leaps off the stage, grabs S by the wrist and begins to pull her to the stage. PERCY keeps playing.
0) 456) text: ANTON is trying to compete with TONY but just can't manag the charm.
0) 496) dialog: Please. Everything's alright. It's okay. Really. I promise you. A MIDDLE AGED WOMAN hits him with her handbag. TONY and PERCY are in danger of being overwhelmed. We can still hear Sally screaming from somewhere within the stag
0) 497) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen....please... A DRUNK takes a swing at PERCY, misses, and connects with TONY.
0) 498) dialog: Ugh! He falls off the stage and disappears into the angry CROW who begin pummelling and kicking him.
0) 503) text: A battered TONY, chased by the enraged crowd,just manages clamber on board, with the help of VALENTINA. The wagon narrowly succeeds in out-pacing the fastest of CROWD. As it disappears down the street, a figure is dump unceremoniously out through the back door of the wagon. It's the terrified SALLY, sent sprawling in the middle of road. A figure steps out from the shadows to help her to her fe It's MR. NICK in his bowler and red waistcoat.
0) 507) text: TONY, battered and bleeding, helps her lift PARNASSUS and manoeuvre him to his room.
0) 515) text: TONY, nods, leaves slowly. Listening.
0) 518) text: TONY arrives.
0) 519) dialog: Can I help?
0) 521) text: TONY finds ANTON sitting despondently a short way from th wagon swigging from a bottle. He sits down next to him.
0) 523) dialog: What were you doing to that girl behind the mirror?
0) 528) dialog: Oh, c'mon...we all heard her screaming.
0) 530) dialog: Terrifying? Why? I don't understand.
0) 532) dialog: Your not trying to tell me that mind control stuff is real?
0) 534) dialog: Isn't it?
0) 536) dialog: Hang on.. if he can really control people's minds, why isn't he ruling the world? Why bother with this crappy side show?
0) 538) dialog: What a waste... Tell me about the mirror. What's the point of that, if not to razzle-dazzle the public?
0) 545) dialog: Er... one more thing....Does `first to five' mean anything to you? ANTON looks at TONY with loathing.
0) 553) dialog: If you hadn't been there...
0) 555) dialog: Valentina, your father seems in a terrible state. Is it the police? The show? Maybe I can help.
0) 557) text: She looks miserable. TONY puts his arms around her.   Hol her tightly to him.
0) 558) dialog: Don't say that. What you're doing is important. Really important. It's just... maybe... it should be done in a different way.
0) 561) text: DR. PARNASSUS, grim faced, head bandaged, steps from behi the wagon. TONY and VALENTINA quickly disengage.
0) 562) dialog: Oh, hello, good morning sir. How are you feeling? That was a nasty bump on the head you got..
0) 564) dialog: Well, sir, I've been thinking... It's clear the show's not attracting many people. Forgive me but... I see two ways of tackling this problem.
0) 569) dialog: Either the style of the show is at fault... or the type of audience. I would suggest changing both. PERCY has appeared, dragging a damaged flat.
0) 572) dialog: I'm sorry but.. you're not modern. People want modern. Look. He holds open a tattered fashion magazine to a page of beautifully photographed models in a fabulously magical setting. He thumbs through more pages of dreamy images.
0) 573) dialog: This is modern. It works. Trust me, I understand this world. (with a wink)
0) 576) dialog: (puzzled)
0) 579) dialog: There'll be a better class of police too.
0) 584) dialog: The trick is not to hide. Change your colours. Be bold. Go where they would least expect to find you. I think we have been brought together for a reason. I don't believe in coincidence. You saved my life. Now let me do something in return. PARNASSUS confers with PERCY.
0) 586) dialog: (to Valentina)
0) 592) dialog: Well... First of all, I want you to give me your money. All of it. What?!   PARNASSUS, PERCY, and VALENTINA look at each oth Then PARNASSUS sees something beyond the wagon...ANTON, downcast, heading off through the swirling plastic bags a flying rubbish... a battered suitcase in his hand.
0) 606) dialog: (retrieving the money) Excuse me, madam. I'm afraid we can't accept this.
0) 607) text: The woman stops, confused. Tony hands her back her money.
0) 608) dialog: We are here to give...not take. We are here to help those in need. If it's money you need, then here it is. (referring to the glass plinth) If it's the flowering of the soul you need, then here we are but, unfortunately we are booked solid at the moment. But thank you.. I can see you have a generous spirit.
0) 609) text: TONY returns to his pensive pose.    The women look at ea other.
0) 614) dialog: Cost? Money is no good in the Imaginarium.   This is a refuge for hearts in need of truth. A place for souls to be purified.
0) 616) dialog: Madam, why should you care about time? What are your dreams worth in minutes? The women grow pensive.
0) 617) dialog: There are hard choices to be made in life. (he indicates the tableaux)
0) 619) text: ...despair at your inability to do anything to change it.. to make it better...I despaired so much at the powerlessness of my own existence that I took the easy way out...the coward's way...I committed suicide! Yes, that's right, I killed myself. Can you understand my despair? But I was saved...saved by a miracle...The Imaginarium...and Doctor Parnassus. He brought me back from the dead. He gave me a new life. A reason to live. He has given me power to dream again... to dream of a better world. During his speech, more and more people have gathered. So are actually weeping. They are press forward putting mone in the plinth. Tony tries to stop them but, they insist. VALENTINA, ANTON, PERCY, and DR. PARNASSUS are astonished TONY'S performance.
0) 624) dialog: Please, I'm sorry but, we're booked solid at the moment. A Louis Vuitton-dressed woman (60+ years old)at the back the crowd shouts:
0) 628) dialog: Madam, congratulations, you have been chosen. The other WOMEN gasp.
0) 630) dialog: Come forward and enter the Imaginarium.
0) 635) dialog: We don't want your money. We want your hopes and dreams. You may make a donation later, if you wish.
0) 637) dialog: This is a rare moment. Very few are chosen. Don't miss this once-in-a- life-time opportunity. This way. Please. He ushers the uneasy LOUIS VUITTON WOMAN onto the stage a guides her upstage. PARNASSUS goes into his trance.
0) 638) dialog: Believe me Madam, you're the luckiest woman in the world. The LOUIS VUITTON WOMAN steps into the mirror. TONY hesitates..a moment of uncertainty. VALENTINA encourages with a smile. He steps through. Across the street a clock begins striking the hour. CUT TO the two POLICE OFFICERS who start to move the crow and show on.
0) 647) dialog: Tony...
0) 651) text: She bats her eyelashes at TONY and begins, knowingly, to him towards the motel.
0) 652) dialog: (resisting) If I'm not wrong, I fear you must go alone.
0) 655) dialog: It's one of the rules... One imagination at a time, free from the influence of another.
0) 660) dialog: Oh..look... another possibility.. Below them a gondola rests in the stream as small, flower bedecked barques float past with framed pictures of roman heroes who died young; Keats, Shelly, Byron, James Dean, Rudolph Valentino, Marilyn Monroe, Buddy Holly, Princess Diana... the stream continues off into the distance to a dark, towering Egyptian pyramid. TONY is as bemused as THE LOUIS VUITTON WOMAN.
0) 661) dialog: You must make a choice...and... actually, to be honest, I'd strongly recommend this one.
0) 663) dialog: (thinking fast)
0) 667) dialog: There's not a moment to lose. But as she hesitates a dark shadow rises over them. TONY, looking past the WOMAN"S shoulder, sees the dark waters o the stream rise up transforming into a GIGANTIC KING COBR that towers menacingly over them. It's wearing a BOWLER HAT... and it's angry.
0) 671) dialog: But your sacrifice must be pure. You have to let go of all these worldly goods. He helps THE LOUIS VUITTON WOMAN remove her necklace, earrings, bracelets, rings, broach, in double quick time guides her onto the gondola, blowing a kiss after her.
0) 672) dialog: Remember nothing is permanent... not even death. He turns back to see the GIGANTIC KING COBRA shrinking ba below the bridge, transforming itself back into the water the stream. From under the arch of the bridge hangs a rop At its end.. a hangman's noose. TONY stares at it darkly disconcerted.
0) 674) dialog: (gobsmacked)
0) 676) dialog: ..how do you do this?
0) 684) text: Born again, tearful but transcendent, the LOUIS VUITTON W produces her cheque book and begins to write a cheque. TONY is frozen, confused. The crowd is still... stunned b the LOUIS VUITTON WOMAN's transformation as she deposits cheque, her handbag, her expensive coat in the glass box glides benignly through the crowd... which parts in awe. Pause... and then the other WOMEN rush the stage. Mayhem narrowly averted as TONY and PERCY manage to coral them i a more-or-less orderly queue. Across the street, standing in the doorway of a shop sell luxury goods, is MR NICK. He watches events, intrigued... ...as TONY escorts a second woman through the mirror, and third, they descend, ecstatic, emptying the contents of t handbags, their pearls, earrings and diamond rings into t glass box. TONY pays off the cops who move on. TONY, getting more and more flamboyant, forgets to lower mask each time he re-enters the stage. And now a fourth w descends. Four successes for DOCTOR PARNASSUS.
0) 686) text: DOCTOR PARNASSUS spots MR NICK across the street, smiles, holds up four fingers. MR NICK gives a little `I'm not impressed' smirk and turn away and pretends to be interested in the luxury goods in shop window as four large dark heavy RUSSIAN MEN, all lad with luxury shopping walk past. One of the RUSSIANS stops..looking at the show..at TONY w mask is sitting on top of his head. The leading RUSSIAN pulls him on.
0) 704) text: In the distance, TONY is hiding behind some billowing fab On being spotted, he takes off up a hill. The RUSSIANS race toward the hill only to crash into a so wall - painted as a landscape with TONY frozen in mid str Looking off to their right they see Tony heading up anoth hill. But as they rush in that direction another wall ris up blocking them. Again it is painted with a hill and TON frozen in midstride. A third and fourth wall rise up.. surrounding and trapping the RUSSIANS. There is a cell door in one wall. Like crazy animals they start throwing themselves against the door trying to brea down. It won't budge. While the others batter the door, GREGOR, who has been somewhat affected by the soft shampoo commercial world, s quietly in a corner picking pretty flowers. Exhausted, the other RUSSIANS collapse on the ground. GREGOR gently breathes in the aroma of the flowers and exhales. As he does the door swings open. The other RUSSI gape at him... then barrel out the door. Outside is a new, beautiful, landscape - the sky dotted w white fluffy clouds. Extending from the ground to each cl is an incredibly long ladder. On each ladder is a person climbing upwards. The RUSSIANS spot Tony. He is already a hundred feet up a ladder and climbing. Unfortunately, their way is blocked by an over-bright, hy active, wide-eyed sales girl.
0) 712) dialog: No! Wait! I can explain! Give me a chance!
0) 720) text: Relax. Smell the flowers. Confused, ANTON takes the flower, sniffs and then... GREG floors him with a powerful punch on the nose Meanwhile, the RUSSIANS have a noose around TONY's neck a have looped the rope over a tree branch. TONY struggles t pull out the metal pipe he keeps on a string around his n He gets it to his mouth as if to swallow it when... ... the ground erupts and a giant London policeman's helm rises up (we are talking 20 feet tall)and revolves - revealing DR. PARNASSUS' carved and painted face beneath. The mouth drops open and a great red tongue rolls out lik welcoming red carpet. From inside the giant mouth a smili policeman beckons the RUSSIANS to come on in.. The terrified RUSSIANS let go of the lynching rope. TONY drops to the ground and, with a whistle, the brass p flies out of his mouth. Behind the RUSSIANS a painted backdrop unfurls..it reads "JOIN THE FUZZ.. WE LOVE VIOLENCE".. and a chorus line of LONG-LEGGED GIRLS in mini-skirted police outfits appear - high-kicking a snappy song and dance number. The astonished RUSSIANS don't know what the fuck is going Suddenly, a friendly OLD WOMAN'S VOICE is heard shouting something in Russian. Spinning around, the RUSSIANS see an old BABOUSHKA (Russi grandmother) outside a tumble-down cottage waving gaily t them. A stunned pause. Then, pell-mell, they rush to her.
0) 725) dialog: Did you see me!! I almost reached the clouds! I could have...it was incredible...I was almost there...
0) 727) dialog: I made my choice and I climbed... I felt so much potential. I could have done anything. I have to have another chance...another go...I need this...
0) 736) dialog: I made a mistake. A big mistake. I know that and I'm sorry.
0) 739) dialog: I am not a liar!
0) 741) dialog: No! I just... didn't divulge everything I knew.
0) 743) dialog: Absolutely not. Not in law.
0) 745) dialog: No. I didn't.
0) 750) dialog: Are you going to believe them before you believe me?
0) 752) dialog: Because they're irredeemably bad people, and I'm essentially good. I know that sounds terribly prim and arrogant and self righteous, but I'm trying to be honest. Look, the truth is... in order to get my charity off the ground I needed capital.
0) 754) dialog: (in response to Anton) Yes, I know, and you're right, but that's the way the grown-up..the real world works. You can't make omelettes without soiling your hands. Or should that be the other way round? Anyway, I - with hindsight very foolishly - accepted a loan from people who seemed to me, at the time, to be very decent and sincere. There was absolutely no way I could have known that they were part of a ruthless organised crime syndicate and that they wanted to use my charity to launder money. I made a mistake. And I have to live with that. I'm sorry. What more can I say?
0) 755) text: VALENTINA wants to believe TONY. ANTON and PERCY don't.
0) 757) dialog: But, can we not talk about me for a moment.. I want to thank the Doctor for letting me experience the most sublime, inspiring ....
0) 762) dialog: What?
0) 765) dialog: Stop saying that! I didn't steal it! I didn't have it. I'd had to invest in infrastructure. I needed more time. When you run a charity you have to give lots of money away. You wouldn't believe the red tape. The Charity Commission are a bunch of fascists. It's incredible. I mean... c'mon give me a break...I almost died today.. and I said I'm sorry... and anyway..... this was supposed to be a special day...it's Valentina's birthday. He pulls out the LOUIS VUITTON WOMAN'S beautiful necklace from his pocket.
0) 766) dialog: Happy birthday. For a beautiful woman. He puts it around Valentina's neck. VALENTINA smiles.   A glowers.
0) 768) dialog: Marks?
0) 782) text: Please can we answer the door? I can't stand not answering the door, or the telephone, or whatever. It's not in my nature. I won't sleep for weeks if we don't answer the door! Sorry! DR. PARNASSUS gets up, goes to the door, opens it and ste outside, closing the door behind him. VALENTINA, ANTON, PERCY and TONY exchange looks.
0) 851) text: A new wager... The first of five. If I win... you're free... you're mine again.. and we can win! Where's Tony? We can still win!
0) 870) dialog: Saving Valentina.
0) 872) dialog: I overheard you. You only need one more to win. Me! I'll be that one. I'll take the risk to save Valentina and, hopefully, you sir. We've still got a few minutes.
0) 873) text: Tony steers DOCTOR PARNASSUS towards his glass column.
0) 875) dialog: (to himself) How about thanking me?
0) 877) dialog: I expect nothing in return.
0) 879) dialog: Only Valentina's hand in marriage, if she'll have me...
0) 881) dialog: And, as your son-in-law... perhaps... initiation into the secrets of the trance.
0) 886) dialog: But... (realizing Parnassus is referring to his inability to go into a trance)
0) 889) dialog: You must do it! You have to do it! It's the only way to save your daughter!
0) 892) dialog: (sitting PARNASSUS down)
0) 894) text: I'll make the right choice. I'm sure of it. I can feel how right it is already. TONY leaps back to steady DR. PARNASSUS who looked as tho he were about to topple off his pillar.
0) 895) dialog: Oh God!... Doctor... We can save her.. you and me. I need this. We both need this. Please. The trance. PARNASSUS quiets down.   Starts mumbling. TONY rushes to the mirror. Steps through. He finds himsel standing amongst the stage scenery. Nothing else.
0) 896) dialog: Bugger! He steps back out of the mirror.    Goes to PARNASSUS who weeping.
0) 901) dialog: PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER!... Sir. Concentrate...or you'll have lost her forever. PARNASSUS slowly goes into a sobbing kind of trance state TONY confirms he is in a trance, then rushes to the mirro
0) 904) text: It's useless... Hopeless... I thought I was strong, but I don't even know how to run away... TONY hesitates.. No time! He looks back to PARNASSUS who seems to still be in his trance. Hesitates. Then rushes t VALENTINA.
0) 905) dialog: It's alright... it's alright... Don't cry. It's going to be alright, believe me.
0) 907) dialog: Everything's going to be alright... I'll take you away. I'll show you the world. My world. The great big beautiful world I've always dreamed of... You'll love it. VALENTINA, grateful, clings to TONY.
0) 911) dialog: Yes?
0) 913) dialog: C'mon then. They turn to the mirror but, an off-stage clearing of the throat makes them look round to see ANTON watching them. holding a torn and dirty piece of newspaper.
0) 916) dialog: No! TONY tries to snatch the paper but ANTON steps back.
0) 920) dialog: (to Valentina)
0) 921) text: Valentina, Don't listen to that. I'm innocent. This is the work of people who are trying to destroy me! Evil people! Believe me! Look, I'll show you the truth! TONY pulls VALENTINA towards the mirror.
0) 925) dialog: (grabbing VALENTINA)
0) 926) text: Hurry! TONY and VALENTINA disappear through the mirror.
0) 930) dialog: This isn't right. This is all wrong. Which way? Soaked and cold they spy a welcome sight. A uniformed val with an open umbrella stands by the door of a sleek limo.
0) 932) dialog: Ah, Lester, just in time. TONY ducks under the umbrella and helps VALENTINA into th car ahead of himself. As she slides across the seat she notices the driver - bo hatted and smoking a cigarette.
0) 937) dialog: Help! Over here!
0) 938) text: The boatman turns the boat in their direction. TONY tries pull himself on board. The boatman reaches down to help.
0) 940) text: It's MR. NICK.    VALENTINA recoils, drags TONY off the b
0) 941) dialog: Stop! What are you doing!   We'll drown!
0) 946) dialog: Valentina...
0) 947) text: He pulls her away..towards a little tumble-down cottage. candlelight glows in the windows, smoke curls from the chimney. They run to the door. TONY bangs on it. Someone can be heard unlatching the locks inside. A child's crying cuts through the wind. VALENTINA turns and sees a little girl sitting on the pat among flapping laundry. She rushes to her, tries to pick up but, the little girl resists..
0) 952) dialog: What is it now?! Can't we just go inside and get dry. Behind him, in the warmth, stands the old BABOUSHKA. Seeing that VALENTINA is really struggling with the littl girl, TONY reluctantly goes to help. The little girl, on seeing TONY, tries to break away but, he holds on to her.
0) 953) dialog: (shouting angrily)
0) 954) text: Ostanobuite bas menshi schit! The litle girl goes quiet. VALENTINA looks at TONY with surprise. The BABOUSHKA looks angry. Suddenly a light beg to suffuse TONY and the little girl. A small orchestra ca be heard playing garden party music.
0) 960) dialog: Sustainability's great, if you can achieve it. The problem is, in many cases you simply can't, for a whole variety of reasons.
0) 961) text: TONY smiles and shakes the hand of someone in a wheelchai A GROUP OF GUESTS burst into spontaneous applause. Everyb loves and admires TONY. He smiles boyishly. He moves on. The TV CREW stay with him.
0) 963) dialog: Look, charity, like poor little Olga... (referring to the little girl) ...is always with us, to coin a phrase...
0) 965) dialog: (to VALENTINA) Ah, there you are, my lovely.
0) 966) text: She and TONY exchange broad smiles. They're in love. He p her to his side and puts his arm around her. The photographers snap away.
0) 968) dialog: (laughs engagingly) I wouldn't presume to have a 'message' for the Prime Minister... Fortunately for the Foundation, I think we pretty much see eye to eye on most things.
0) 976) dialog: You look gorgeous, my love.   I knew you wouldn't let me down. The little girl, OLGA, and a little boy are brought forwa They are dressed in ethnic clothes. TONY takes OLGA'S hand...offers the little boy's hand to VALENTINA. She tak it in her own. The four of them start to walk to the door leading to the ballroom.
0) 977) dialog: (looking to everyone)
0) 984) text: TONY and VALENTINA look around. ANTON is nowhere to be se but, his voice continues.
0) 986) dialog: Call security, somebody.
0) 990) text: He produces the newspaper with TONY'S photo and news stor
0) 992) dialog: What?   How?...
0) 993) text: TONY lunges for him but, ANTON dodges out of the way.
0) 996) dialog: Stop him. Silence the little bastard!
0) 1001) text: ...who was arrested last week on charges of involvement in the sale of organs from third world children to wealthy Westerners'...unghh! TONY has grabbed little ANTON and starts hitting him.
0) 1002) dialog: And now he doesn't stutter! You see!? It was all an act to get cheap sympathy!
0) 1005) dialog: Get off me! What are you doing? (lashing out and hitting VALENTINA in the face)
0) 1006) text: You've betrayed me! Haven't you? You let him in...into my world, you bitch!?.. after all I've lavished on you...OW!! Little ANTON has leapt on TONY's back and sunk his teeth TONY'S ear. TONY throws him off and starts beating him.
0) 1024) dialog: Who's behind this!? Eh!? You didn't come up with this all on your own did you!!!??? (slapping her) No! Someone's got at you. Someone's paid you!!!... Who!!!??? Tell me!!!
0) 1029) dialog: You old bastard! This is all your doing!
0) 1073) dialog: Thank God for that!
0) 1074) text: TONY relaxes a little. We can hear the mob now, struggling up the mountain. TONY digs into one of his pockets and pulls out the brass tube that he has always kept close. TONY opens his mouth and is about to slip the tube down h throat when he spots the Hanged Man Tarot card lying at h feet. A hand from behind him snatches the tube away. TONY, startled, turns to find himself looking up at DR. PARNASSUS. PARNASSUS is standing on a chair with the noose around hi neck. He smiles and opens his hand. The metal tube has vanished. TONY panics. The MOB is getting closer.
0) 1078) dialog: (desperate) Give me that!
0) 1081) text: The CROWD goes into very slow motion...but twice as angry DR. PARNASSUS teases TONY with magic.
0) 1083) dialog: Stop!
0) 1085) dialog: (desperate) You've been talking to the devil, haven't you? Let me guess what he said... If you manage to kill me, he'll release Valentina. Yes? Am I right?... I am aren't I? It's all lies. He can't release her. And why not? Because he doesn't have her. He can't have her because she's the prize. (gaining confidence) He doesn't have five wins. But if you kill me he will, won't he? You'll have lost Valentina forever!
0) 1091) dialog: This is ridiculous!
0) 1093) dialog: You've got to believe me! For all our sakes!
0) 1095) dialog: Look...
0) 1097) dialog: Gotcha! TONY swallows the tube as the MOB surge around the gibbet grabbing him, beating him, and then lifting him onto the chair, tightening the noose around his neck.