3) 0) text: An ESTABLISHING SHOT of Brodie's store in the heart of Re Bank.
3) 1) dialog: No fucking way!
3) 2) text: WE GO TIGHT on the huge, cartoon sign of BRODIE outside t
4) 0) text: BRODIE himself, holding a stack of comics in one hand and Dixie cup in the other, Jay and Silent Bob follow him as puts new books in the racks.
4) 1) dialog: Dante and Randal slapped you with a  restraining order?!
4) 3) dialog: So you gonna abide by the court's  ruling or you gonna go Bandit-- Reynolds style?
4) 5) dialog: I guess if you really wanted to hang  out in from of a convenience store,  you could just buy your own now-- what with all that money you guys  made.
4) 7) dialog: The money from the movie, dumb-ass.
4) 9) dialog: (pulling a bagged-and- boarded issue down  from the wall) The Bluntman and Chronic movie. (dawns on him) Oh my God--don't tell me you have no  idea there's a movie being made of  the comic you two were the basis  for.
4) 11) dialog: Goddamit, man-- (taps his wrist) Here's the pulse, alright. And here's  your finger-- (shoves his hand down  the back of his pants) --far from the pulse, jammed straight  up your ass. (extracts hand and  extends it to Jay) Say--would you like a chocolate  covered pretzel?
4) 12) text: Brodie leads them back to the counter.
4) 13) dialog: You see, kids, if you read Wizard,  you'd know it's the top story this  month.  Check it out.
4) 14) text: Brodie hands Jay and Silent Bob a copy of Wizard, opened the headline: Snootchie Bootchies! Bluntman and Chronic G Big Screen Treatment!  There are pictures of HOLDEN MCNEI AND BANKY EDWARDS, as well as drawings of Bluntman and  Chronic.
4) 16) dialog: Well, after X-Men hit at the box  office, all the studios started buying  up every comic property they could  get their hands on. Miramax optioned  Bluntman and Chronic.
4) 18) dialog: Yeah, well once they made She's All  That, everything went to hell. So  you're saying you haven't gotten a  cut of the movie? Didn't Holden McNeil  and Banky Edwards used to pay you  likeness rights for the comic book?
4) 20) dialog: Well boys, I'm no lawyer, but I think  Holden and Banky owe you some of the  proverbial phat cash. I mean they're  making a movie based on characters  that are based on you and Quiet  Robert.
4) 22) dialog: I believe it "Snootchie Boochies."   Regardless--you're getting screwed.  If I was you guys, I'd confront Holden  McNeil and ask him for my movie check.
4) 24) dialog: And on that note, we cue the music.
4) 25) text: Jay lays down a House bass beat. Brodie complements it wi his own beat.