24) 4) dialog: Where the fuck did they come from?
24) 9) dialog: I'm on it.
24) 10) text: Chrissy lunges toward Jay, pulling a knife.
24) 12) text: Sissy stops Chrissy, shoving a burger into her hands.
24) 14) dialog: And what-stupid ass little foul- mouthed bitch-boys don't get their  balls cut off in suburbia?
24) 16) dialog: Holy shit--he's retarded, to boot.
24) 23) dialog: "Honest Injun"? (to Sissy) I can't believe what a pushover you  are.
24) 27) text: Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy immediately go from disgusted t sweet and airy, totally switching characters.
24) 28) dialog: Hi Brent!
24) 30) dialog: Brent, tell these sillies that girls  don't fart.
26) 4) dialog: And we're on our way to Colorado to  give Provasik a piece of our minds!
29) 0) text: Missy drives. Sissy sits in the passenger seat. Chrissy k between them.
29) 1) dialog: What the fuck are we gonna do now?
31) 2) dialog: (slapping Justice  upside the head) Nice going, Four Eyes!
31) 10) dialog: Not as much as I hate you.
31) 11) text: Justice offers Chrissy a cold glance,
31) 12) dialog: Fuck, if I don't get to kill someone  soon, I'm gonna--fucking kill someone!
31) 14) dialog: Then how about you help me take the  edge off?
31) 15) text: Chrissy grabs Missy forcefully and the pair make out, hot and heavy in the middle of the convenience store. Other  customers regard them wide-eyed.
31) 20) dialog: Oh, I'm a cow, am I?  I'm a mad cow,  bitch. And now I'm gonna rip your  head off and fuck your spine stump.
31) 23) dialog: Shit--your name doesn't even fit the  rhyme scheme.
31) 25) dialog: (getting in her face) You're dancing on my last nerve,  Strawberry Shortcake. (to Sissy) You deal with the weak link. I'm  gonna take Missy into the dirty  convenience store bathroom and hate- fuck the shit out of her.
31) 26) text: Chrissy drags Missy off. Justice and Sissy watch them go.
38) 0) text: Jay and Silent bob get out, along with Justice. They wear Ninja masks. Missy and Chrissy follow.
38) 3) text: Chrissy lunges at Jay, Missy holds her back, dragging Chr away.
43) 2) text: Chrissy sticks a box on the door and presses a button. On digital readout, numbers roll until they stop on four  different digits. The door lock CLICKS open.
43) 4) text: Justice blows her off. Sissy enters the building, followe closely by Chrissy.  Justice lingers at the door, taking last look back at the Provasik Building, fretting for Jay and Bob.
45) 0) text: The three Girls stand at the end of a large hallway. At t other end is a glass case, full of DIAMONDS. Sissy pulls and aerosol can from her utility belt and spr the air in the hallway. She watches the decibel monitor,  which rises only slightly at the sound of the spray. Sudd within the mist, laser beams become apparent. Sissy hands the decibel monitor to Chrissy and takes a fe steps back, shaking her hands to limber up. She then runs forward and does an impressive series of flips down the  hallway, not touching a single laser beam. Chrissy checks the decibel monitor, which rises only slig Once Sissy's flipping comes to a stop at the other end of the hallway near the Diamond case, she makes a hand gestu to Justice. Justice nods, and proceeds to do the same ser of flips down the hallway, not tripping the alarm. Chrissy checks the decibel monitor, which rises only slig Justice lands beside Sissy, and then Sissy gestures to  Chrissy. Chrissy tosses the decibel monitor over the laser beams,  Sissy catches it, and the monitor rises only slightly. Then, Chrissy proceeds with her series of flips, which ar even more impressive than the other two, including runnin up walls and pushing into handstand flips.  When she pass the last laser beam, she lands between Sissy and Justice, arms in the air like a gymnast. Then, she lets out a loud manly FART. The decibel monitor goes red and an alarm starts RINGING  through the building.
45) 1) dialog: Holy fuck--the little stoner was  right--
45) 2) text: Sissy shutters the glass surrounding the Diamonds. She ou them into a bag, and races back down the hallway, followe by Justice and Chrissy.
46) 1) dialog: Boom Box!
46) 2) text: Missy tosses a metal box to Chrissy, who catches it and r toward the van, while Sissy and Justice pile into the  convertible.
46) 6) text: Chrissy attaches the metal box to the side of the van.
46) 7) dialog: Kaboom, you little stoner fucks.
46) 8) text: The girls pull up in the convertible and Chrissy jumps in the car with them.
46) 9) dialog: It's set. Let's roll.
65) 0) text: On the second-floor terrace of a run-down, roadside motel Sissy, Missy and Chrissy dance in their undies and drink  champagne. On the first floor terrace below, Justice lean against the open sliding glass door, watching the news re on a TV inside the room with the volume turned way up.
65) 7) dialog: The only thing I regret is not gutting  that little trout-mouthed prick like  a fish and playing Twister with his  vitals.
65) 9) dialog: I'll show you nasty, you little slut.
65) 11) dialog: Fine--we'll take yours. (getting up in Sissy's  face) I am gonna stain your sheets, bi- otch.
65) 12) text: Chrissy dances away with Missy, heading inside. Sissy rol her eyes.
100) 0) text: The door slowly opens in the dark bedroom, and Justice cr to the bedside table, reaching for a set of keys. In the  bed, Missy and Chrissy make out under the sheets, moaning Sissy's banging the Pizza Delivery Guy against the vanity Justice grabs the keys, leaving a note in their place. As she crawls back out, we PUSH IN on the note, which reads: SORRY, GUYS--BUT I LOVE HIM.
102) 0) text: There's a loud scream, then Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy rus down the stairs (in varied states of undress and sheet-wr Wiping their mouths. Sissy holds Justices's note.
102) 2) dialog: Fuck that, I didn't get to cum yet.
102) 4) text: Sissy and Missy race back up the stairs. Chrissy stands t still, shrugs, then digs her hand into her panties.
102) 6) dialog: Fuck--
102) 7) text: Chrissy races back up the stairs.
122) 19) text: All turn to see Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy slinking from t shadows, guns drawn.
122) 23) dialog: Shut the fuck up before I shoot you  where you stand in your pansy red  booties.
122) 31) text: Justice high-kicks the gun out of Sissy's hand. It lands the ground discharging. Then everyone starts shooting and running for cover. Jay and Silent Bob hurl themselves over the Bluntmobile. Missy and Chrissy flip over a lavish, exquisitely-packed  craft service table labeled. CAST. They pop back up and s firing at Willenholly. Willenholly leaps behind a barren  craft service table that holds a bag of Smarties and a de can of RC Cola. He pops up and returns fire. When both ar out of bullets, they drop back down behind the table and  reload. From behind his table, Willenholly yells--
122) 33) dialog: TWO REASONS: ONE--WE'RE WALKING,  TALKING BAD GIRLS, CLICHES!
122) 87) text: Justice high-kicks Sissy and she goes flying across the s Sissy sails toward the craft service table, landing atop  Missy and Chrissy, knocking them out. Willenholly stands to see why the girls stopped shooting.