2) 0) text: Jay and Silent Bob are thrown against the wall outside by COP, who frisks them.
2) 2) dialog: We got a report that two guys were  hanging around outside the stores,  selling pot?
2) 6) text: Teen 1 races off. Jay and Bob move to follow, but the Cop stops them, grabbing the rolling papers out of Jay's hand He eyeballs the pair.
2) 7) dialog: No pot, hunh? What do you need this  for?
2) 11) dialog: Pull up your pants up sir, Now!
2) 12) text: Jay bends down to pull up his pants and FARTS. Silent Bob cracks up. The Cop grabs them both, leading them toward t car.
2) 13) dialog: Let's take a ride down to the station.
4) 14) text: Brodie hands Jay and Silent Bob a copy of Wizard, opened the headline: Snootchie Bootchies! Bluntman and Chronic G Big Screen Treatment!  There are pictures of HOLDEN MCNEI AND BANKY EDWARDS, as well as drawings of Bluntman and  Chronic.
48) 4) text: Three COP CARS screech up, the van between them and Jay a Bob. The COPS leap out of their cruisers, guns drawn. Jay looks to Bob, pissed
48) 5) dialog: DROP THE BAG! BEFORE THIS THING TURNS  EXPLOSIVE!
48) 6) text: The counter on the device attached to the van hits "0," a the van BLOWS UP.  Jay and Bob get thrown backwards in on direction, the Cops in the other.  On all fours, Jay look at the burning shell of the van, a tear forming in his ey
52) 0) text: There are FIRE TRUCKS all over the place now. The burned van is being poured over by Cops. Just then, Willenholly  pulls up on a MOPED. He parks it and surveys the wreckage
52) 9) text: Willenholly and the Cop look at the camera. Then, another COP joins them.
52) 22) text: The COPS now chatter amongst themselves, to the effect of "Yeah--It could mean that too--He's got a point--,"etc.  Willenholly rubs his temples.
52) 27) text: Another COP joins Willenholly, carrying a large, fat enve
53) 0) text: Willenholly and the Cops stare at the O.C. TV, shocked, a the video ends.
53) 2) dialog: Sir, we don't have a jet; just a  helicopter.
67) 0) text: There's a few COP CARS outside, and the SHERIFF is yellin at the diner through his bullhorn. Beside him are the oth COPS.
69) 4) text: From behind the cop car, the Sheriff looks to Willenholly
70) 2) text: GUNSHOTS RING OUT, and bullets whiz by the trio, who are in full panic mode. Willenholly and the Cops race after them, firing. Jay, Bob and Suzanne race away, ducking bullets.
83) 10) text: Willenholly then climbs into the sewer, disappearing. The Cops look at the Sheriff for a beat, who heads O.C. sayin
94) 0) text: The Sheriff and his men stand around, eating donuts, laug The Station doors slam open, and Willenholly enters, soak wet. All the Cops stare at him.
117) 0) text: The Security Guards push a cuffed Jason and James into a  waiting Cop Car. The pair are still dressed like Jay and  Silent Bob.
123) 0) text: Justice and Jay are still kissing, until Willenholly pull her away and loads her into the waiting Cop Car.