4) 14) text: Brodie hands Jay and Silent Bob a copy of Wizard, opened the headline: Snootchie Bootchies! Bluntman and Chronic G Big Screen Treatment!  There are pictures of HOLDEN MCNEI AND BANKY EDWARDS, as well as drawings of Bluntman and  Chronic.
6) 0) text: Holden McNeil, opens the door and smiles.
6) 1) dialog: Well! I have been waiting years to  do this. (smiles) Look at these morose motherfuckers  right here. Smells like someone shit  in their cereal. Bunngg!
6) 2) text: Jay and Silent Bob enter. Holden closes the door, followi them.
6) 4) dialog: No, I was just showering your mother's  stink off me after I gave her a quick  jump and sent her home. But now that  you mention it-- (to Bob) Thanks, you know. You could've made  the moral of that story you told me  a bit more clear.
6) 6) dialog: So what brings you two dirt merchants  to my neck of the woods?
6) 10) dialog: You heard about that too, Hunh? Well,  I've got nothing to do with it. That's  Banky's deal. He owns the property  now. I signed my half of the Bluntman  and Chronic right over to him years  ago.
6) 12) dialog: Because I'm almost thirty, for God's  sake--why on earth would I want to  keep writing about characters whose  central preoccupations are weed and  dick and fart jokes? You gotta grow,  man. Don't you ever want more for  yourself? (off Silent Bob) I know this poor, hapless sonovabitch  does. I look in his doe eyes and I  see a man crying out, "When, Lord?  When the fuck can your servant ditch  this foul-mouthed little chucklehead  to whom I am a constant victim of  his folly, and who bombards me and  those around us with grade-A  foolishness that prevents me from  even getting to kiss a girl? Fuck!  When?!
6) 15) dialog: When you're right, you're right. I  wish I'd broken off a little piece  for myself. Because if the buzz is  any indication, the movie's gonna  make some huge bank.
6) 17) dialog: The Internet buzz.
7) 0) text: Holden's at a computer terminal. Jay and Silent bob look  over his shoulder.
7) 1) dialog: The Internet is a communication device  that allows people the world over to  bitch about movies and share  pornography with one another. (off monitor) Here's what we're looking for: "Movie  PoopShoot.com"
7) 3) dialog: This is a site full of militant movie  buffs: sad bastards who live in their  parents' basements, downloading  scripts and trading what they believe  to be inside info about movies and  actors they despise yet can't stop  discussing. This is where you go if  you wanna hear frustrated would-be  filmmakers mouth off with their two- bit, arm-chair-director's opinions  on how they all could've made a better  Episode One.
7) 4) text: On the computer monitor, we see the site mainpage load up Holden begins navigating the site.
7) 5) dialog: Here. This is about the Bluntman  movie. (reading) "Inside sources tell me Miramax is  starting production this Friday on  their adaptation of underground comic  fave Bluntman and Chronic."
7) 7) dialog: No, but if it's Miramax, I'm sure  it'll be Ben Affleck and Matt Damon.  They put'em in a bunch of movies.
7) 9) dialog: You know--the guys from Good Will  Hunting.
7) 11) dialog: Yeah, I'm not too big a fan either.  Though Affleck was the bomb in  Phantoms.
7) 13) text: Holden and Jay slap hands. Holden points at the monitor a
7) 14) dialog: Now down here is where you can gauge  the buzz. This is the Shoot Back  area. It's where people who read the  news get to chime in with their two  cents. Here's what a guy who goes by  the chick-magnet Net handle of "Wampa- One" thinks about Bluntman and  Chronic. (reading) "Bluntman and Chronic and their stupid  alter egos Jay and Silent Bob only  work in small doses, if at all. They  don't deserve their own movie." (to Jay) He's got a point.
7) 16) dialog: (reading) "Bluntman and Chronic is the worst  comic I ever read. Jay and Silent  Bob are stupid characters. A couple  of stoners who spout dumb-ass  catchphrases like a third-rate Cheech  and Chong or Bill and Ted. Fuck Jay  and Silent Bob. Fuck them up their  stupid asses."
7) 18) dialog: A guy who calls himself "Magnolia- Fan."  Check out what the guy after  him said: "Jay and Silent Bob are  terrible, one-note jokes that only  stoners laugh at.  They're fucking  clown shoes. If they were real, I'd  beat the shit out of them for being  so stupid. I can't believe Miramax  would have anything to so with this  shit. I, for one, will be boycotting  this movie. Who's with me?" (leans back) And then there are about fifty more  posts from people who agree to join  Spartacus-here's boycott of the flick.
7) 20) dialog: Ah, let it go. Number one, they're a  bunch of jealous little dicks who  use the anonymity of the Net to insult  people who're doing what they wish  they were doing, and number two,  they're not really talking about you  guys--they talking about Bluntman  and Chronic.
7) 22) dialog: Really.
7) 24) dialog: First off, I don't know how good  your names really are. Secondly,  there's not much you can do about  stopping this bile. The Internet's  given everyone in America a voice,  and everyone in American has chosen  to use that voice to bitch about  movies. As long as there's a Bluntman  and Chronic movie, the Net-nerds are  gonna have something negative to say  about it.  Jay steams, thinking.  Then, a light dawns on him.
7) 26) dialog: They're not saying anything about  you now--they're talking about  fictional characters!
7) 28) dialog: Yeah, and kiss-off the hundreds of  thousands of dollars in royalties  you're due in the process. Are you  fucking retarded? Look, I'm probably  not alone in the opinion that this  flick is the worst idea since Greedo  shooting first. I mean, a Jay and  Silent Bob movie? Who would pay to  see that?
7) 29) text: Holden, Jay and Silent Bob pause and look at the camera f a beat. Then--
7) 30) dialog: But since it is happening, you might  as well just ignore the idiots on  the Internet, go find Banky, and get  your "motherfucking movie check." As  you so succinctly put it. That's  what's important here.
7) 32) dialog: They start this Friday.
7) 34) dialog: It's more like three days.
7) 38) text: They stride off. Holden shakes his head.
7) 39) dialog: Now that's what I call the Blunt  leading the Blunt.
63) 0) text: On the TV screen is Willenholly and the video capture of and Silent Bob.  Holden looks up from his drawing table,  shocked.
63) 3) dialog: (shakes his head) Nights like this, I miss dating a  lesbian.