24) 8) dialog: Oh my god--he just called Sissy  "Juggs"!
24) 19) dialog: That we do have a job to do?
24) 27) text: Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy immediately go from disgusted t sweet and airy, totally switching characters.
24) 28) dialog: Hi Brent!
29) 0) text: Missy drives. Sissy sits in the passenger seat. Chrissy k between them.
31) 1) dialog: Smooth move, Justice.
31) 15) text: Chrissy grabs Missy forcefully and the pair make out, hot and heavy in the middle of the convenience store. Other  customers regard them wide-eyed.
31) 26) text: Chrissy drags Missy off. Justice and Sissy watch them go.
36) 16) text: Up front, Justice talks to Sissy, while Missy drives.
38) 0) text: Jay and Silent bob get out, along with Justice. They wear Ninja masks. Missy and Chrissy follow.
38) 3) text: Chrissy lunges at Jay, Missy holds her back, dragging Chr away.
39) 3) text: Sissy takes the tape out of the camera and hands it off t Missy, beside whom is a bag full of high-tech equipment.
39) 5) dialog: No sweat.
42) 0) text: Missy peers through binoculars out the window.
42) 2) dialog: You can say that.
43) 0) text: The quartet piles out of the van, and we get our first lo at them: sexily geared up for action, wearing all black.  They head for a SEPARATE BUILDING.  Stopping at the front door. Sissy gestures elaborately to Missy, and Missy gestures  elaborately back, racing away into the night. Justice off Sissy a look.
46) 0) text: The Girls emerge from the Diamond Exchange, just as Missy pulls up in a CONVERTIBLE.
46) 2) text: Missy tosses a metal box to Chrissy, who catches it and r toward the van, while Sissy and Justice pile into the  convertible.
65) 0) text: On the second-floor terrace of a run-down, roadside motel Sissy, Missy and Chrissy dance in their undies and drink  champagne. On the first floor terrace below, Justice lean against the open sliding glass door, watching the news re on a TV inside the room with the volume turned way up.
65) 8) dialog: You are so nasty.
65) 12) text: Chrissy dances away with Missy, heading inside. Sissy rol her eyes.
100) 0) text: The door slowly opens in the dark bedroom, and Justice cr to the bedside table, reaching for a set of keys. In the  bed, Missy and Chrissy make out under the sheets, moaning Sissy's banging the Pizza Delivery Guy against the vanity Justice grabs the keys, leaving a note in their place. As she crawls back out, we PUSH IN on the note, which reads: SORRY, GUYS--BUT I LOVE HIM.
102) 0) text: There's a loud scream, then Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy rus down the stairs (in varied states of undress and sheet-wr Wiping their mouths. Sissy holds Justices's note.
102) 4) text: Sissy and Missy race back up the stairs. Chrissy stands t still, shrugs, then digs her hand into her panties.
122) 19) text: All turn to see Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy slinking from t shadows, guns drawn.
122) 21) dialog: You should've just let these guys go  down, Jussy.
122) 31) text: Justice high-kicks the gun out of Sissy's hand. It lands the ground discharging. Then everyone starts shooting and running for cover. Jay and Silent Bob hurl themselves over the Bluntmobile. Missy and Chrissy flip over a lavish, exquisitely-packed  craft service table labeled. CAST. They pop back up and s firing at Willenholly. Willenholly leaps behind a barren  craft service table that holds a bag of Smarties and a de can of RC Cola. He pops up and returns fire. When both ar out of bullets, they drop back down behind the table and  reload. From behind his table, Willenholly yells--
122) 34) dialog: AND TWO: BECAUSE YOU'RE A MAN.
122) 87) text: Justice high-kicks Sissy and she goes flying across the s Sissy sails toward the craft service table, landing atop  Missy and Chrissy, knocking them out. Willenholly stands to see why the girls stopped shooting.