24) 2) dialog: Who the fuck are these guys?
24) 6) dialog: I don't know if that's such a great  idea. Jussy.
24) 12) text: Sissy stops Chrissy, shoving a burger into her hands.
24) 13) dialog: We're in the middle of suburbia,  Chrissy. Let's try to act like it.
24) 18) dialog: (to Justice) What's wrong with you, Justice? You  do remember where we're going, don't  you?
24) 21) dialog: Fine--they can ride with us. But  they're so out of here before we get  to Boulder.
24) 27) text: Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy immediately go from disgusted t sweet and airy, totally switching characters.
24) 28) dialog: Hi Brent!
24) 29) dialog: This is Brent. He's with us, too.
26) 3) dialog: We're the Kansas State chapter of  S.A.A.C.--Students Against Animal  Cruelty.
29) 0) text: Missy drives. Sissy sits in the passenger seat. Chrissy k between them.
29) 2) dialog: Shut up, I'm thinking.
31) 4) dialog: Why the fuck did you let that little  stoner throw Brent our of the van?!
31) 6) dialog: We needed Brent, Justice! He was our  patsy!
31) 8) dialog: Because I didn't want to blow our  cover!
31) 13) dialog: (rubbing Chrissy's  shoulders) Don't mind Chrissy. She's just a  little too wound for sound.
31) 17) dialog: 
31) 21) dialog: Enough! (calm to Justice) We have a very simple gang here,  Justice. I'm the brains, Chrissy's  the brawn, and Missy's the tech-girl.  But lately, I'm having a hard time  figuring out what you're doing here.
31) 26) text: Chrissy drags Missy off. Justice and Sissy watch them go.
31) 28) dialog: Don't change the subject. You know  what you have to do now, right? Since  you let our patsy slip away, you've  gotta convince the little kid and  that fat guy to take his place.  They've gotta break into Provasik  now.
31) 30) dialog: Uh-huh. You'll do it; or you're out  of this gang. Just use the little  one's crush to convince him, since  he's so fucking in love with you.
31) 32) dialog: What--am I blind? He wasn't kissing  your hand back in the van like he  was fucking Lord Byron?
33) 0) text: Sissy continues to confront Justice.
33) 1) dialog: You're the one that brought the kid  in, Jussy. So you've gotta make  amends.
33) 3) dialog: That kid and his quite friend are  our only options at this point. Now  we got about two hours before we get  to Boulder. That gives you plenty of  of time to work on him.
33) 5) dialog: Why the fuck not?
35) 0) text: Sissy eyeballs Justice, who's still looking out at Jay.
35) 1) dialog: Who's it going to be, Jussy--him or  us?
35) 2) text: Justice looks at Sissy. Sissy nods at her. Justice looks  back out at Jay.
36) 16) text: Up front, Justice talks to Sissy, while Missy drives.
36) 18) dialog: Good. They do their part-- (pats a video camera) And we'll do ours.
36) 19) text: Justice eyes Sissy, then slumps in her seat.
38) 12) text: Sissy jumps out of the van, holding the video camera, aim it at Jay and Bob.
38) 13) dialog: Jay, before you go, could you say  something into the camera about the  clitoris.
38) 16) dialog: (off Justice; to Jay) She's just a little embarrassed.  See, Jussy and I are putting together  this documentary for our Human  Sexuality class, and we need a male  perspective on the clitoris.
38) 18) dialog: Uh--yeah.
38) 20) text: She elbows Sissy.
38) 22) text: Jay proceeds to make some pussy-eating faces. Justice sha her head at Sissy, who snaps the camera closed and smiles
38) 23) dialog: Awesome. Knock 'em dead, Tiger.
38) 24) text: Sissy climbs back into the van.
38) 29) dialog: Jussy. C'mon.
39) 0) text: Justice sits, glaring at Sissy.
39) 1) dialog: Hey, Lover-girl. You cock-block my  authority again, you lose your fucking  fronts, you got that?
39) 3) text: Sissy takes the tape out of the camera and hands it off t Missy, beside whom is a bag full of high-tech equipment.
39) 4) dialog: Phase One, down. While we're executing  Phase Two, you edit that tape and  grab a new car.
39) 6) dialog: Let's suit up.
42) 1) dialog: They in?
42) 3) dialog: Time to shine. Let's go.
43) 0) text: The quartet piles out of the van, and we get our first lo at them: sexily geared up for action, wearing all black.  They head for a SEPARATE BUILDING.  Stopping at the front door. Sissy gestures elaborately to Missy, and Missy gestures  elaborately back, racing away into the night. Justice off Sissy a look.
43) 3) dialog: Once we're inside, I want complete  silence. (holding up high-tech  device) Missy whipped this up. It counts our  decibel level. If it goes into the  red--alarm, we're dead. So not even  the slightest noise, got it?
43) 4) text: Justice blows her off. Sissy enters the building, followe closely by Chrissy.  Justice lingers at the door, taking last look back at the Provasik Building, fretting for Jay and Bob.
43) 5) dialog: (pokes her head back  out) Justice! Move your ass!
45) 0) text: The three Girls stand at the end of a large hallway. At t other end is a glass case, full of DIAMONDS. Sissy pulls and aerosol can from her utility belt and spr the air in the hallway. She watches the decibel monitor,  which rises only slightly at the sound of the spray. Sudd within the mist, laser beams become apparent. Sissy hands the decibel monitor to Chrissy and takes a fe steps back, shaking her hands to limber up. She then runs forward and does an impressive series of flips down the  hallway, not touching a single laser beam. Chrissy checks the decibel monitor, which rises only slig Once Sissy's flipping comes to a stop at the other end of the hallway near the Diamond case, she makes a hand gestu to Justice. Justice nods, and proceeds to do the same ser of flips down the hallway, not tripping the alarm. Chrissy checks the decibel monitor, which rises only slig Justice lands beside Sissy, and then Sissy gestures to  Chrissy. Chrissy tosses the decibel monitor over the laser beams,  Sissy catches it, and the monitor rises only slightly. Then, Chrissy proceeds with her series of flips, which ar even more impressive than the other two, including runnin up walls and pushing into handstand flips.  When she pass the last laser beam, she lands between Sissy and Justice, arms in the air like a gymnast. Then, she lets out a loud manly FART. The decibel monitor goes red and an alarm starts RINGING  through the building.
45) 2) text: Sissy shutters the glass surrounding the Diamonds. She ou them into a bag, and races back down the hallway, followe by Justice and Chrissy.
46) 2) text: Missy tosses a metal box to Chrissy, who catches it and r toward the van, while Sissy and Justice pile into the  convertible.
46) 3) dialog: I can't believe it. Months of planning  and it's all blown by a fucking fart.
46) 5) dialog: That was always the plan, Justice!  They take the heat off of is long  enough until we can get out of town!
62) 8) text: The logo gives way to the video of Jay and Bob that Sissy shot before the Provasik break-in. Jay's yelling into the camera.
65) 0) text: On the second-floor terrace of a run-down, roadside motel Sissy, Missy and Chrissy dance in their undies and drink  champagne. On the first floor terrace below, Justice lean against the open sliding glass door, watching the news re on a TV inside the room with the volume turned way up.
65) 3) text: Justice turns the TV off and yells up to Sissy.
65) 5) dialog: (yelling down to  Justice) I told you those two were the perfect  patsies. Now we lay low for awhile-- just in case--and start planning the  next job.
65) 10) dialog: Would you two get a room?
65) 12) text: Chrissy dances away with Missy, heading inside. Sissy rol her eyes.
65) 13) dialog: Sarah Lawrence girls. Go figure.
65) 15) dialog: Oh and not yours? You know, I don't  get you, Justice. You used to be all  about the girl stuff: stealing,  boning, blowing shit up. Now you're  like this little priss with a  conscience. It's really a fucking  drag.
65) 17) dialog: If moping around over some little  boy you're crushing on is being grown- up, then pass me my Wonder Woman  underoos.
65) 19) dialog: Awww. Does Jussy-wussy feel all dirty  about setting up her boyfriend? Then  how about taking a shower?
65) 20) text: Sissy dumps the bag of diamonds over the side of the terr They rain down on Justice below. Just then a PIZZA DELIVE GUY approaches the lower terrace, carrying a stack of piz
65) 22) dialog: This dopey bitch ordered the large  plain, but I could go for some hot,  thick, Sicilian.
100) 0) text: The door slowly opens in the dark bedroom, and Justice cr to the bedside table, reaching for a set of keys. In the  bed, Missy and Chrissy make out under the sheets, moaning Sissy's banging the Pizza Delivery Guy against the vanity Justice grabs the keys, leaving a note in their place. As she crawls back out, we PUSH IN on the note, which reads: SORRY, GUYS--BUT I LOVE HIM.
102) 0) text: There's a loud scream, then Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy rus down the stairs (in varied states of undress and sheet-wr Wiping their mouths. Sissy holds Justices's note.
102) 1) dialog: That bitch!  That fucking, fucking  bitch!!! (to girls) Get dressed. We're going after her.
102) 3) dialog: Which is more important to you: a  fortune in diamonds or busting a  nut?
102) 4) text: Sissy and Missy race back up the stairs. Chrissy stands t still, shrugs, then digs her hand into her panties.
102) 5) dialog: Chrissy! Now!
122) 19) text: All turn to see Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy slinking from t shadows, guns drawn.
122) 20) dialog: Because she's gonna be one dead bitch. (to Justice) Hi, Jussy. We catch you at a bad  time?
122) 25) dialog: Let's have those diamonds, Jussy.
122) 27) dialog: (points her gun at  Jay) Then lover--boy gets one in the brain.
122) 31) text: Justice high-kicks the gun out of Sissy's hand. It lands the ground discharging. Then everyone starts shooting and running for cover. Jay and Silent Bob hurl themselves over the Bluntmobile. Missy and Chrissy flip over a lavish, exquisitely-packed  craft service table labeled. CAST. They pop back up and s firing at Willenholly. Willenholly leaps behind a barren  craft service table that holds a bag of Smarties and a de can of RC Cola. He pops up and returns fire. When both ar out of bullets, they drop back down behind the table and  reload. From behind his table, Willenholly yells--
122) 38) text: He races off, passing Justice and Sissy, who circle each  other defensively, striking kung fu poses.
122) 39) dialog: You really let me down, Justice.  Throwing it all away for a little  stoner with bad pronunciation.
122) 42) dialog: Are you kidding me? I taught you all  all your moves myself. There's not a  style you can bust that I can't defend  against.
122) 44) dialog: Yeah, but I can bury you with my  "Crouching Tiger."
122) 46) dialog: I'll counter with "Dragon Crane."
122) 48) dialog: (beat; smiles) Bring it on.
122) 49) text: Justice rushes Sissy and instead of sleek kung fu, they l into a down-and-dirty, girl's cat-fight; hair pulling and screaming. Behind the Bluntmobile, Jay and Bob watch all the action.
122) 55) text: Sissy has Justice on her belly, banging her face into the floor, screeching.  Jay, Bob, and Banky continue.
122) 65) text: Justice now has the advantage over Sissy, holding her hea and kicking her in the face, repeatedly, screaming.
122) 69) text: In the background, we see Justice high-kick Sissy into th air.
122) 71) text: On cue, Sissy drops from above, landing in Jay's lap.
122) 75) text: Sissy races at Justice, leaping atop her, pulling her hai Jay, Bob, and Banky continue.
122) 84) text: Justice throws Sissy off, onto the floor. Both get up, fa each other.
122) 85) dialog: Your shit is so tired, Justice!
122) 87) text: Justice high-kicks Sissy and she goes flying across the s Sissy sails toward the craft service table, landing atop  Missy and Chrissy, knocking them out. Willenholly stands to see why the girls stopped shooting.