54) 0) text: Jay and Silent Bob sit close to each other, staring at-- SUZANNE (the ORANGUTAN)--who sits on a log across from th staring back.
54) 2) text: Suzanne covers her eyes with her hands suddenly. Jay and  Silent Bob, startle, with Jay leaping behind Silent Bob a pulling back as if he's going to strike.
54) 4) text: Silent Bob offers the ape a weak wave. Suzanne drops her  hands from her face and waves back. Jay cranes his neck t see over silent Bob.
54) 6) text: Suzanne nods. Jay steps out from behind Bob. They state a the ape.
54) 8) text: Suzanne offer them a "raspberry." Spitting as if the comm was ridiculous. Jay and Silent Bob react with surprise at this.
54) 10) text: Suzanne holds her nose, as if to say, "Congo stunk." Sile Bob smiles in agreement and amusement. Jay looks at him,  stung.
61) 0) text: Another close-up of Jay's painted face. Behind him, Suzan and Silent Bob are playing patty-cake. Jay eyes Suzanne  angrily.
61) 2) text: Jay turns and rushes Suzanne, ferociously.
61) 4) text: Jay trips on a root poking out of the ground and hits the dirt. Suzanne then goes over to Jay, pulls his face to he and kisses him on the lips.
66) 0) text: Jay, Silent Bob, and Suzanne sit at a booth, eating. Jay  chews a burger while Silent Bob eats pancakes and Suzanne digs into a banana split.
66) 2) text: Silent bob and Suzanne are oblivious, digging into their  food.
68) 0) text: Jay, Suzanne, and Silent Bob peer over the top of their b like scared rats.
68) 4) text: Bob pulls Suzanne close to him, welling up with tears. Ja rolls his eyes.
68) 6) text: Suzanne shakes her head "no." Bob points to her, as if sh strengthening his point.
69) 2) text: Jay and Silent Bob emerge from the diner, with Suzanne be them (they're holding her raised hands). She's now dresse up in the sweatshirt and jeans the kid was wearing in the diner, with the baseball cap pulled down over her face.   It's a pretty piss-poor disguise.
69) 26) text: Jay, silent Bob and Suzanne head off down the road.  Willenholly and all watch them go. The Sheriff is livid.
70) 0) text: Jay, Silent Bob and Suzanne are laughing.
70) 2) text: GUNSHOTS RING OUT, and bullets whiz by the trio, who are in full panic mode. Willenholly and the Cops race after them, firing. Jay, Bob and Suzanne race away, ducking bullets.
74) 2) text: Silent Bob struggles while Jay and Suzanne try to pull hi through the hole.
76) 0) text: Jay and Suzanne pull with all their might. Bob strains.
80) 0) text: Jay and Suzanne fall backwards, as Silent Bob pops throug
80) 3) dialog: OOOOOOOOO!!!
82) 0) text: Jay, Silent Bob, and Suzanne are in various states of  collapse. Jay and Bob look up at the hole.
84) 0) text: TIGHT on Jay, Bob, and Suzanne, looking into the distance bathed by natural light. We HEAR the loud sounds of water rushing.
84) 2) text: PULL BACK to reveal Jay, Silent Bob and Suzanne standing the precipice of the sewer tunnel that pokes out of a DAM Water rushed below.
84) 14) text: TIGHT on Suzanne, who's looking down at the raging water  below. Her brow hardens with purpose. TIGHT on Suzanne's right hand grabbing Jay's right hand. TIGHT on Suzanne's left hand grabbing Bob's left hand. Suzanne leaps forward at us, pulling Jay and Silent Bob  backwards.
85) 0) text: Suzanne leaps from the mouth of the tunnel, dragging Jay Bob with her.
87) 0) text: As Willenholly plummets, he passes Suzanne hanging by her feet off a pipe that pokes out from beneath the mouth of tunnel. She's hanging upside down, holding Jay and Silent Bob's hands.
89) 0) text: Suzanne has pulled Jay and Silent Bob back into the mouth the tunnel.
89) 2) text: Silent Bob lifts Suzanne over the tunnel onto the--
92) 0) text: Suzanne sits by the side of the road. A car pulls into th shot. Jay and Silent Bob climb over the cliff onto the highway  just in time to see-- The passenger door slamming on a TRUCK with Los Angeles p and a sign that reads CRITTERS OF HOLLYWOOD. Suzanne is  looking out the back window waving.  Jay and Bob leap to  their feet, chasing after the truck.
92) 6) text: Silent Bob mimes that they should go after Suzanne.
112) 5) text: Shannen pulls the mask off the short performer to reveal  SUZANNE. Jay and Silent Bob go wide-eyed.
112) 11) text: Jay and Silent Bob rush in, grab Suzanne.
113) 2) text: Just then, a P.A. on a bike pulls up nearby. He ditches t bike and grabs papers from the large hanging basket in fr Jay and Bob look at each other, race over to the bike, an jump on, putting Suzanne in the basket. They start pedali away furiously, closely followed by the Security Guard po Silent Bob peddles like mad, racing toward the Golf Cart.
113) 4) text: Bob pops a wheelie and the Bike races up the front of the vehicle, taking flight, Below, the Security Guards stare in awe as-- Jay and Silent Bob atop the bike--with Suzanne in the fro basket--go past a moon (on a billboard, on the side of a  soundstage) a la E.T. Jay and Bob look down, then at each other. They smile. Th they look ahead and let out a scream. The bike crashes through a window in the side of a Sounds Building.
114) 0) text: The Bike lands, and Jay and Bob, and Suzanne go tumbling  onto the floor covered in glass. They look up to see. JAMES VAN DER BEEK AND JASON BIGGS dressed as Jay and Sil Bob, looking down as them.
114) 30) text: Jay and Bob stare at them, blankly. Then Jay puts up his  finger, indicating they should wait a minute. He gets int huddle with Silent Bob and Suzanne.
114) 32) text: Silent Bob nods at Jay, then Suzanne. Suzanne heads off,  leaving Jay and Bob to huddle.
114) 37) text: Suzanne approaches them.
114) 41) text: Suzanne pulls Jason and James out of the frame. While Jay and Silent Bob continue to huddle, the sounds o beating are heard, O.C.
114) 43) text: Jay and Bob spin to face Jason and James--only to go wide eyed. Suzanne stands atop the fallen actors, who are bloo and beaten and knocked out cold. She holds her hands skyw clasped like a champion.
116) 0) text: Bob opens an AIR VENT in the wall. He puts Suzanne into i and hands her the tranquilizer gun, miming to her. She no and starts crawling through the ductwork, Bob closes the  vent again, and starts rifling through a nearby closet.
122) 89) text: Suddenly, he lets out a shriek and falls forward, reveali a tranquilizer dart in his ass, and SUZANNE standing behi him, holding the gun up in the air.  Justice surveys her  handiwork for a beat, then calls off toward the Bluntmobi
122) 119) text: Justice and Jay kiss again. Suzanne reached up to Silent Bob, who picks her up. She g his face and kisses him. Willenholly looks to Banky.
123) 7) text: Jay looks at Justice, confused, as the Cruiser pulls away leaving Jay, Bob, Suzanne, and Banky. They start walking  down the lot.
133) 33) text: WHIP PAN to Morris day and The Time on stage, performing  "The Bird." During the song, Morris points to-- Jay and Bob, who are dancing with Suzanne and Justice (wh still in cuffs, flanked by the Guards). Jay looks to Bob, they nod at each other and-- Jay and Silent Bob, join Morris Day and the TIME onstage, and dance us out to the coda, which reads--