1) 0) text: Donnie turns the corner and heads towards the garage. We pan over to the Darko house... moving through the fron yard where Eddie Darko (forty-four) pulls the cord and hi gas-powered leaf-blower roars to life. Elizabeth Darko (nineteen) comes out the front door. She approaches her dad from behind. Eddie turns and aims the leaf-blower at her face... blasting her with air
7) 0) text: Elizabeth talks on the phone, getting ready for her Satur night. Rose knocks and then enters.
21) 11) text: Elizabeth comes through the front door, leans back agains it, closes her eyes.
23) 0) text: Elizabeth falls back in horror as plaster rains down from around the chandelier... debris falling in the dining-roo doorway.
66) 0) text: Donnie walks into his room again for the first time since the accident, looking around at the new furniture, paint carpet. Everything is perfect. Elizabeth appears in the doorway behind him with a cordle phone in her hand.
83) 3) dialog: Awww. Bunnies. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 49.
88) 0) text: Donnie sits at the kitchen island with Elizabeth, carving pumpkin.
105) 2) dialog: OK, Mom. Jim Cunningham walks past them towards the stage. He stop and touches Samantha on the shoulder... smiling.
113) 0) text: Donnie comes downstairs to see Elizabeth glued to the TV.
124) 0) text: Rose and Eddie are in the kitchen. He is getting ready fo business trip. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 75. Samantha is jumping up and down. Elizabeth is jumping up down, dancing with her. Donnie looks into the kitchen from the foyer, catching hi family in a serene, contented moment of happiness. A mome that he chooses not to interrupt. Title card:
127) 0) text: Rose brings her luggage out to the airport van. Mystery W loads Beth Farmer into the van. Donnie sits on the back-porch steps, watching everyone silently. Elizabeth gives Samantha a hug.
134) 0) text: Donnie walks into the kitchen, where Elizabeth is sitting the table.
141) 0) text: Elizabeth walks over to a friend.
153) 0) text: Donnie looks down at Elizabeth asleep on the couch. He th leans down and gives her a kiss on the forehead.
176) 0) text: Elizabeth leans against the wall, screaming.