32) 3) dialog: Chut up. Also there are Donnie's two best friends, Sean Smith (six and Ronald Fisher (fifteen) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 13.
32) 13) dialog: Chut up.
43) 0) text: The same group stands and waits for the bus. The guys smo Cherita stands alone. Samantha is reading something to Joanie. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 20.
43) 17) dialog: Chut up.
64) 7) dialog: Juanita has an important maths test today. She has known about the test for several weeks, but has not studied. (MORE )
64) 9) dialog: In order to keep from failing her class, Juanita decides that she will cheat on the maths test. Cherita places an X near the "Fear" end of the lifeline.
71) 0) text: Cherita Chen listens to this conversation intently.
104) 0) text: On the stage, among blowing autumn leaves, Cherita Chen performs a strangely beautiful mime act to Symphony No. 3 Henryk Gorecki. When her act is finally over, the crowd is indifferent, w scattered applause and laughter. Ms. Pomeroy stands up an applauds enthusiastically. Clearly affected by the laughter, Cherita walks offstage. In the front row, the entire Darko family has assembled. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 66.
107) 0) text: Cherita sits alone in the courtyard at the base of the mo statue... defeated and alone.
130) 0) text: And with that... Ms. Pomeroy turns and walks down the hal with her career in a cardboard box... heading towards the bright Friday afternoon sunlight. Donnie walks back down the hallway... lost in his own introspection. Across the way... at her locker... as Cherita Chen. Donni approaches her slowly like a cat. She turns from her locker... and they make eye contact. She looks at him warily, frightened. A book falls from he arms onto the floor. Written in large letters on the brown book cover is his n DONNIE DARKO. He comes face to face with her, grabs her earmuffs with b hands, and touches his forehead to hers as if he were goi to kiss her.
130) 2) dialog: Chut... up! She then turns and runs down the hall... disappearing fro sight.
131) 0) text: Donnie walks by himself... thinking... wearing Cherita's earmuffs. Title card:
171) 0) text: Dr. Thurman wakes up. Jim Cunningham wakes up... sobbing. Kitty Farmer wakes up... coming to a horrible realisation Karen Pomeroy and Dr. Monnitoff wake up together Cherita Chen wakes up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 97.