0) 0) text: Montage is choreographed to 'Never Tear Us Apart' by INXS Donnie pedals down into the suburban village of Middlesex Virginia ...passing by a large rock 'Middlesex' rock-patt Donnie pedals past two neighbourhood women who are speedwalking with handweights. They smile at him. A Pontiac Trans-Am speeds by.
1) 0) text: Donnie turns the corner and heads towards the garage. We pan over to the Darko house... moving through the fron yard where Eddie Darko (forty-four) pulls the cord and hi gas-powered leaf-blower roars to life. Elizabeth Darko (nineteen) comes out the front door. She approaches her dad from behind. Eddie turns and aims the leaf-blower at her face... blasting her with air
2) 0) text: Donnie parks his bike and goes inside.
4) 0) text: Donnie walks into the kitchen. He then goes to the refrigerator. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Printed in magic marker on the refrigerator notepad is t phrase:
4) 1) dialog: 
5) 0) text: The opening theme of "Who's the Boss?" begins as we see T Danza's blue van and the title card. We reveal Samantha, sitting on the floor, singing softly to the theme song "B New Life" performed by Larry Weiss We pan over to Donnie, sitting in the La-Z Boy.
6) 4) dialog: Will you still be working at Yarn Barn? 'Cause that's a great place to raise children.
6) 12) dialog: Whoa, Elizabeth. A little hostile, there. Maybe you should be the one in therapy. Then Mom and Dad can pay someone two hundred dollars an hour to listen to all of your thoughts... so we won't have to.
6) 16) dialog: (glaring at Elizabeth) You're such a fuck-ass.
6) 21) dialog: Oh, please tell me, Elizabeth, how exactly does one suck a fuck? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
8) 0) text: Donnie lies on his bed, reading "Collected Short Stories" Graham Greene. His room is an organised wreck. Rose enters and begins to pick things up of the floor
8) 1) dialog: Get out of my room. Rose bitterly turns to leave, but stops at the door
8) 5) dialog: (still reading) I stopped rolling houses in the sixth grade, Mom. (beat ) Get out of my room.
8) 7) dialog: Then why don't you start taking the goddamn pills? Donnie leans over and turns off his lamp. Rose turns and leaves her son alone in the dark, closing the door behind her.
8) 8) dialog: Bitch.
11) 0) text: Donnie removes his pills from the medicine cabinet. We se insert that reads: L. THURMAN M.D. He looks at the bottle for a moment, and then takes three pills and swallows them... staring at his reflection in t mirror.
15) 0) text: Donnie walks downstairs.
16) 0) text: Donnie stares at Eddie, asleep in the La-Z Boy.
17) 0) text: Donnie walks into the kitchen, removes the magic marker f the refrigerator message board.
18) 0) text: Donnie walks to the front and exits the house.
19) 0) text: Donnie walks down the front walk to the street.
20) 0) text: Donnie walks down the street.
21) 0) text: Donnie arrives next to the pin and stares off into the distance. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 1) text: Helluva night for a walk... huh, Donnie? Donnie stares off into the distance.
21) 3) dialog: What?
21) 7) dialog: Why?
24) 0) text: Donnie is curled up, asleep on the green. A golf ball lan on the green and rolls within inches of his head. A golf cart filled with four older men arrives. Dr. Fishe (forty-five) gets out first.
24) 6) text: (back to Donnie) So let's stay off the greens at night
24) 8) dialog: Sorry, Dr. Fisher. It won't happen again.
25) 0) text: Donnie walks down the street towards his house. A fire engine. Two police cars. A news van... All parked front of his house. There are dozens of neighbours in the street surrounding barricade. Donnie moves through the crowd where a Police Officer is standing.
25) 1) dialog: Hey, I live here!
25) 3) dialog: Yeah! The Officer lets him through. Near the cul-de-sac there is a large caterpillar crane li something from inside the house. There are firemen roamin around. Two Police Officers are speaking with Eddie and R Donnie looks over at the house. A crane lifts a gigantic jet engine over from the house towards a large flatbed truck. Firemen kick pieces of woo and shingle from the roof. He turns and sees his entire family standing there. Eddie holding Samantha.
30) 2) dialog: When you fall asleep tonight, I'm gonna fart in your face.
32) 0) text: Rose drops Donnie and Samantha off at the corner.
32) 5) dialog: We went to a hotel.
32) 7) dialog: I don't wanna talk about it.
32) 9) dialog: What happens if you tell Mom and Dad about this, Samantha?
32) 16) dialog: Leave her alone, man. Cherita looks over at Donnie... her quiet devastation poo hidden. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 14.
33) 0) text: The following montage is three long Steadicam shots in th main school hallway and courtyard. We follow Donnie and his friends as they pour out of the back of the emergency exit of the school bus to 'Head Ove Heels' by Tears for Fears. We pick up teachers Karen Pomeroy (twenty-seven) and Dr. Kenneth Monnitoff (thirty) and Kitty Farmer (forty-two), with Jim Cunningham, as they make their way through the hallways. Swarms of girls surround Donnie as he makes his way to hi locker. There is a huge smile on his face. We reveal Gretchen Ross (fifteen)... we see Principal Col (thirty-eight) and then Samantha's dance team (Sparkle Mo practising their routine in the courtyard. We follow Ms. Pomeroy into English class... then time-lap dissolve through the doorway...
34) 7) dialog: Well... they say it right when they are ripping the place to shreds. When they flood the house. That like... destruction is a form of creation. So the fact that they burn the money is... ironic. They just want to see what happens when they tear the world apart. (beat) They want to change things. Gretchen Ross stands at the doorway to the classroom.
35) 0) text: Eddie drives Donnie down Old Gun Road, a windy back-road that goes towards the country.
35) 2) dialog: It was great. We had peanut-butter sandwiches and apples and honey at snacktime. And then during show-and- tell, my stuffed walrus was a big hit.
35) 4) dialog: Do they know yet?
35) 6) dialog: Where it came from?
35) 8) dialog: So we're not supposed to tell anybody what nobody knows?
35) 11) dialog: Grandma Death. Standing in the road directly in front of the car is Robe Sparrow (101 years old, a.k.a. Grandma Death) Grandma Death lives in a modest brick house that sits bac in a huge grassy field that overlooks the entire town. He mailbox sits on the edge of Old Gun Road.
36) 0) text: Donnie gets out of the car and takes Grandma Death's hand walking her back towards her mailbox. He opens it for her
36) 1) dialog: No mail today. (smiles) Maybe tomorrow. Grandma Death smiles back at him... and begins to walk sl back to her house. She then turns and takes Donnie's hand into her frail grip.
38) 2) dialog: I've been taking it. I just like to make her feel guilty for all of this. You know, abuse her. Psychologically.
38) 4) dialog: So, I met a new friend.
38) 6) dialog: His name is Frank.
38) 8) dialog: I think he saved my life.
38) 10) dialog: Don't you watch the news?
38) 12) dialog: A jet engine fell on my house.. landed on my bed. While I was talking to Frank on the golf course. Dr. Thurman looks at him for a long beat, analysing wheth or not he is telling her the truth.
38) 13) dialog: I'm not kidding. Concerned, Dr. Thurman leans in closer.
38) 15) dialog: He said to follow him.
38) 17) dialog: Into the future. (beat) Then he said that the world was coming to an end. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 19. He rubs his arm, where the numbers are still lightly draw
38) 19) dialog: (long beat) No. (beat) That's stupid.
40) 0) text: Donnie lies on the couch... fast asleep. His eyes slowly open. There, standing in the corner of the room in the shadows Frank.
41) 0) text: In the dark school hallway, Donnie rounds the corner with flashlight, a can of spray paint, and an axe. Frank stand in the same hallway where the tidal wave crashed.
42) 0) text: Donnie shines the flashlight through the basement. He approaches some old piping. Donnie puts the axe back over his shoulder and then lower it fiercely. The smashing of metal against metal echoes through the huge room. Title card:
43) 3) dialog: (reading out loud) "The Last Unicorn!" By Samantha Darko
43) 11) dialog: Yeah... he's right. Because if we keep waiting, some guy in a van might pull up and try to molest us. And then our parents could sue the school board. Everyone starts to get excited... looking down the road t see if the bus is coming. Sean's watch hits 7:55. No bus. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 21.
43) 14) dialog: Come on, Sam, you can call Joanie's mom from home. The two girls follow them. Cherita stands at the corner.
43) 15) dialog: Hey, Cherita... you should go home.
46) 0) text: Donnie, Sean, Ronald, Samantha and Joanie, Emily and Susi walk from their bus stop.
48) 0) text: Donnie approaches another corner alone. Ricky Danforth (seventeen) and Seth Devlin (eighteen) stand with Gretche
48) 3) dialog: Hey...
48) 5) dialog: School's cancelled. They look at one another, surprised.
48) 7) dialog: Sure. They quickly begin to walk off. Seth and Ricky look off a them, furious. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 24.
48) 9) dialog: I'm not. But you should check your backpack 'cause those guys like to steal shit.
49) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk along the sidewalk together.
49) 1) dialog: So... you just moved here?
49) 3) dialog: Oh, I... have those too. (beat) What kind of problems does your dad have?
49) 5) dialog: Wow. Did he go to jail?
49) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. I was in jail once. (beat) I accidentally burned down this house. It was abandoned. (MORE )
49) 9) dialog: I got held back in school again. Can't drive until I'm eighteen. (babbling) I think when I grow up I want to be a painter. Or maybe a writer or maybe both. Then I'll write a book and draw the illustrations like a comic book. You know, change things.
49) 11) dialog: What makes you think I'm not? Gretchen smiles. She looks over at her house.
49) 13) dialog: That's easy. Antiseptics. She gives him a look.
49) 14) dialog: I mean, the whole sanitation thing. Joseph Lister... 1895. Before antiseptics there was no sanitation especially in medicine.
49) 16) dialog: Don't knock soap. Without it, disease would spread rapidly. If we ran out... you and I would never live to see the year 2000.
49) 18) dialog: The best thing about soap is that it's the only thing on earth that can never get dirty. No matter what crap you throw on it ...it always rubs off. And there it is again... perfect. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 26.
49) 20) dialog: It's a good thing the school was flooded today.
49) 22) dialog: We never would have had this conversation. She smiles.
49) 24) dialog: I'm sorry.
49) 26) dialog: Will you go with me?
49) 28) dialog: No... I mean, will you GO with me? That's like... what they call it here. Going together.
49) 30) dialog: Where are you going?
50) 0) text: Dr. Thurman sits next to Donnie. His eyes are closed. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 27.
50) 2) dialog: Yes.
50) 4) dialog: I met a girl.
50) 6) dialog: Gretchen. We're going together now.
50) 8) dialog: Yes.
50) 10) dialog: I think about girls a lot.
50) 12) dialog: I think about.. Fucking a lot during school.
50) 14) dialog: I think... about... "Who's the Boss?"
50) 16) dialog: I just turn the volume down and think about fucking Alyssa Milano.
50) 18) dialog: No, I don't think about fucking my family. That's sick!
51) 0) text: Donnie sits with his eyes wide open, staring at something
53) 0) text: The ruins of a brick chimney sit in the middle of a field Donnie, Sean and Ronald have lined up several empty beer bottles, cans and stuffed animals on the hearth. They take turns blasting these targets with a BB gun. Blam! A can falls over. Ronald hands the gun to Donnie. S pulls out a bottle of Raspberry Night Train and takes a s He hands the bottle to Ronald.
53) 10) dialog: First of all... Papa Smurf didn't create Smurfette. Gargamel did. (MORE )
53) 12) dialog: She was sent in as Gargemel's evil spy, with the intention of destroying the smurf village. But the overwhelming Goodness of the Smurf way of Life transformed her into the Smurfette we all know and love. And as for the whole gang-bang scenario... it just couldn't happen. Smurfs are asexual. They probably don't even have reproductive organs down there under those little white pants. The only reason they exist is because of Magic spells and witchcraft... which is all a bunch of bullshit if you ask me. (beat) That's what's so illogical about the smurfs... what's the point of living if you don't have a dick? Donnie aims the gun... pulls the trigger. Blam! A bottle breaks.
54) 1) dialog: Grandma Death. Ms. farmer leans her head out of the window.
54) 5) dialog: A hundred and one, I think. Every day she does the same thing. But there's never any mail. Grandma Death approaches the mailbox.
55) 0) text: Donnie lies on the couch watching television... where the is a news story about the flooded school. Several constru workers are packing up their things.
56) 0) text: Looking nauseous, Donnie opens the medicine cabinet and retrieves his pills. He takes four of them. Donnie takes drink of water, closing his eyes. He puts the pills back closes the cabinet. In the mirror's reflection is Frank. Donnie jumps.
56) 2) dialog: How can you do that?
60) 0) text: Donnie continues to converse with Frank
60) 1) dialog: Why did you make me flood the school?
60) 3) dialog: Who is... we?
60) 5) dialog: (desperate) Where did you come from?
62) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen play a Sega race-car driving game. Do drives a souped-up red Ferrari through the Grand Canyon.
62) 2) dialog: No. I just wake up and I look around, try to figure out where I am... how I got there.
62) 4) dialog: It's like this big force... that's in your brain. But sometimes it grows bigger... and it spread down into your arms and legs... and it just sends you someplace.
62) 6) dialog: No. Every time I wake up somewhere different. Sometimes my bike is laying there next to me. Like once when I woke up on the edge of this cliff up on Carpathian Ridge. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 37.
62) 9) dialog: Yeah?
62) 11) dialog: Why?
63) 0) text: Donnie stands in front of the class. Ms. Pomeroy sits beh her desk. On the chalkboard is "Poetry Day".
63) 1) dialog: "A storm is coming, Frank says. A storm that will swallow the children... and I will deliver them from the kingdom of pain." (beat) "I will deliver the children to their doorsteps. I will send the monsters back to the underground. I will send them back to a place where no one can see them ...except for me. Because I am Donnie Darko." Donnie returns to his seat. Ms. Pomeroy stares at him intensely.
63) 3) dialog: A six-foot-tall bunny rabbit. The class begins to laugh. Donnie looks over at Gretchen. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 38.
64) 11) dialog: Ling Ling finds a wallet on the ground filled with money. She takes the wallet to the address on the driver's license but keeps the money inside the wallet. Donnie looks at the blackboard.
64) 12) dialog: I'm sorry, Ms. Farmer, I just don't get this.
64) 14) dialog: I just don't get this. Everything can't be lumped into two categories. That's too simple.
64) 16) dialog: Well, life isn't that simple. So what if Ling Ling kept the cash and returned the wallet? That has nothing to do with either fear or love.
64) 18) dialog: Well, yeah... OK, but you're not listening to me. (MORE )
64) 20) dialog: There are other things that need to be taken into account here. Like the whole spectrum of human emotion. You're just lumping everything into these two categories... and, like, denying everything else. Ms. Farmer stares at Donnie vehemently. She can't believe what she's hearing.
64) 21) dialog: People aren't that simple.
65) 0) text: Donnie and his parents sit in front of Principal Cole.
66) 0) text: Donnie walks into his room again for the first time since the accident, looking around at the new furniture, paint carpet. Everything is perfect. Elizabeth appears in the doorway behind him with a cordle phone in her hand.
68) 0) text: Donnie lies in bed... looking up at the ceiling. He then rolls over and looks at the calendar on his wall. The day of the month of October are marked off with an X in each square. Tacked onto the calendar is a drawing of Frank.
68) 1) dialog: 28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes, 12 seconds.
69) 0) text: As everyone is leaving class, Donnie stays behind.
69) 1) dialog: Dr. Monnitoff?
69) 3) dialog: I know that this is gonna sound kinda weird... but do you know anything about time travel? Dr. Monnitoff pauses, turns and looks at Donnie. He seems know something.
70) 2) dialog: So... in order to travel back in time, you'd have to have a big spaceship or something that can travel faster than the speed of light --
70) 4) dialog: -- and be able to find one of these wormholes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 43.
70) 6) dialog: So... that's it?
72) 1) dialog: Like a DeLorean.
73) 0) text: Donnie stands before an array of old photographs. We zoom to a black-and-white photograph of a young Robert Sparrow standing in a class photograph dated 1944. Donnie looks down at the book, and then at the photograph
73) 1) dialog: Roberta Sparrow... Grandma Death. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 44.
74) 0) text: Donnie sits down for dinner with his family.
74) 1) dialog: It's called "The Philosophy of Time Travel".
74) 3) dialog: Guess who wrote it? No one seems to know.
74) 4) dialog: Grandma Death.
74) 7) dialog: (to Eddie) You know, Roberta Sparrow. We almost hit her with the car the other day.
74) 10) dialog: I guess she just lost faith in the world.
75) 0) text: Slow motion. Donnie and Gretchen jump up and down on the trampoline, lost among falling autumn leaves.
76) 0) text: Donnie is back on Dr. Thurman's couch. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 45.
76) 2) dialog: Four times... so far.
76) 4) dialog: I don't think so. It's like a TV station. And they're tuned into mine and no one else's.
76) 6) dialog: I don't know. Gretchen has a theory. That Frank is a sign. I told her I thought it was ridiculous.
76) 8) dialog: (changing the subject) I think that Frank wants me to go to this woman. (holding up the book) She wrote a book about time travel. Frank asked me if I believed in time travel. That can't just be a random coincidence. (beat) My dad almost hit her with the car the other day, and she said the creepiest thing. She said that every living creature on this earth dies alone.
76) 10) dialog: It reminded me of my dog Callie.
76) 12) dialog: No. She died when I was eight. We couldn't find her for days. She went and crawled underneath our back porch... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 46.
76) 14) dialog: I'd like to believe that I'm not... but I've just never seen any proof. So I just choose not to bother with it. It's, like, I could spend my whole life thinking about it... debating it in my head. Weighing the pros and cons. And in the end, I still wouldn't have any proof. So ...I don't even debate it any more. Because it's absurd. (beat) I don't want to be alone. (beat) So, does that make me, like, an atheist?
77) 0) text: Eddie and Dr. Fisher watch the Redskins game. Ronald and Donnie watch the game in the family room.
79) 0) text: Donnie sits back in the La-Z Boy, dozing off... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 47. John Madden's CBS chalkboard unfolds on the TV screen. Ma traces his electronic lines across the screen, tracing th movement of the players... as their images are frozen in time. Donnie's eyes close... and then re-open. Donnie turns his head and sees that the room is momentari bathed in artificial white light, as if God hit the slow- motion button during a flash of lightning. Donnie turns his head and sees that protruding from his father's stomach... is a thick spear made of silvery plas gel. As Eddie gets up from the couch to walk over to the refrigerator ...his spear precedes him... morphing into a extruded arrow that reaches the refrigerator several seco before him. The spear traces the exact geography of his movement thro time... using his centre of gravity as its axis point. Donnie turns and sees Samantha skipping from the kitchen. as her spear bounces several feet in front of her like a caterpillar. Her spear... smaller than her father's... is proportional her mass.
80) 0) text: Donnie and his spear round the corner and arrive in his parents' bedroom.
81) 0) text: His spear leads him to the closet. He opens the closet do and the spear leads him down to a box hidden beneath his father's shoe rack. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 48. Donnie removes the box from the closet and unlatches it. Inside is a gun. Donnie removes the pistol from the box.. staring at it with the same childlike expression. Suddenly... Donnie's universe snaps back to normal. The w light strobes... the spear has vanished. Donnie still holds the gun. His expression changes to ner shock. His eyes linger over the gun for a moment, he then quickl puts it back in the box... and carefully places the box b under the shoe rack. Title card:
82) 0) text: The usual bus stop crew is there. Donnie arrives last... himself. He looks tired and preoccupied. A plane flies overhead... they all look up at the sky.
84) 0) text: Donnie walks along the edge of the school. Suddenly, a fi approaches, grabbing him from behind, placing a switchbla next to his throat. It is Seth Devlin.
84) 2) dialog: I didn't say shit.
84) 4) dialog: Well, if you're innocent, then you have nothing to worry about.
85) 0) text: Donnie walks into the classroom and takes his seat next t Gretchen. He is sweating profusely. Dr. Monnitoff is handing out papers. The bell rings Peopl shuffle out.
85) 3) dialog: I don't want to talk about it. (MORE )
85) 5) dialog: (changing the subject) So what happened to your neck?
86) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk around the trail.
86) 2) dialog: Why? She thinks for a moment.
86) 4) dialog: Why not just buy your baby a night light?
86) 6) dialog: With, like, images?
86) 8) dialog: You know... we've been going together for a week and a half...
86) 10) dialog: Well...
86) 12) dialog: That's alright... I understand.
86) 14) dialog: I always wanted it to be at a time when ...when it reminds you how beautiful the world can be.
87) 0) text: Donnie rides along the sidewalk... and skids to a stop, s a wallet lying there. Donnie opens the wallet, looking at the ID. It reads:
88) 0) text: Donnie sits at the kitchen island with Elizabeth, carving pumpkin.
88) 2) dialog: Yeah.
88) 4) dialog: You're not gonna tell Mom, are you?
88) 6) dialog: Because you tell Mom everything.
88) 8) dialog: Well, don't worry... I'm taking my medication.
88) 10) dialog: I was just being honest.
88) 12) dialog: Her name is Gretchen.
90) 0) text: Donnie walks into the kitchen and removes a butcher's kni from a drawer.
91) 0) text: Donnie stands in front of the bathroom mirror... catatoni looking at his reflection. Frank stands behind him. Suddenly, Donnie turns around with the butcher's knife an lunges at Frank with all of his weight. The knife collides with Frank's invisible force field as it were liquid steel. Donnie lunges repeatedly at Frank w psychotic rage... but the knife bounces off. Title card:
93) 0) text: Donnie is in a trance.
93) 1) dialog: We're moving through time.
93) 14) text: Okay. Donnie steps up to the mike stand.
93) 15) dialog: (furious) How much are they paying you to be here?
93) 17) dialog: Gerald.
93) 19) dialog: Well, Jim, I think you're full of shit! There are rumblings from the faculty. Some laughter from student body.
93) 20) dialog: Are you telling us this crap because you want us to buy your book? Because I'll tell you something, that was some of the worst advice I've ever heard! (MORE )
93) 22) dialog: (to Dorky Girl) If you want your sister to lose weight... tell her to get off the couch, stop eating Twinkies... and maybe go out for field hockey. (to Lanky Kid) You're never gonna know what you want to be when you grow up. Most of the time, nobody does. How about you, Jim? (to Larry) And you... Sick of some jerk shoving your head in a toilet? Then go lift some weights... take a karate lesson. And when he tries to do it again... kick him in the balls. More rumblings from the faculty... Laughter from the stud gets louder.
93) 24) dialog: (long beat) Well, I think you're the fucking Anti-Christ. The crowd is stirring. Students break out into applause. Principal Cole approaches Donnie and removes him from the auditorium. Gretchen watches him go with a smile.
94) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk down the wooded road.
94) 1) dialog: (mumbling) They suspended me for two days.
94) 3) dialog: (long beat) I've been seeing stuff... a lot of really messed-up stuff. (MORE )
94) 5) dialog: (beat) Do you know who Grandma Death is?
94) 7) dialog: The old crazy woman who lives off Old Gun Road. Donnie takes out the book by Roberta Sparrow.
94) 9) dialog: She wrote it. (beat) There are chapters in this book that describe the stuff I've been seeing. It can't just be a coincidence. (beat) Will you come see her with me?
95) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen stand at the end of Grandma Death's driveway. Gretchen leads Donnie up to the front porch of the decrep house. She then rings the doorbell. They wait for several moments ...nothing happens. Gretchen then goes and peers through a window.
95) 1) dialog: I know she's here. She never leaves the house.
96) 0) text: Donnie sits at his desk, sealing an envelope. The address reads:
97) 0) text: Dr. Thurman looks at a diagram from Sparrow's boo. Donnie pacing around her office.
97) 2) dialog: It was just like she described them in her book. Like they were alive. The way that they looked... moved... smelled. They were like workers... assigned to each one of us. (long beat, then distant) I followed my spear... and I found something...
97) 4) dialog: Nothing.
97) 6) dialog: Yeah, but if I told her about the other stuff about Frank...
97) 8) dialog: You know... every week I come in here and I tell you stuff... and it's all embarrassing. (MORE )
97) 10) dialog: I tell you stuff that I don't tell anyone else... and you know what? It's your turn, Dr. Thurman. I'm not saying anything else until you tell me something embarrassing about yourself. Donnie makes a "zipper lip" gesture.
97) 12) dialog: Whoa. (beat) That's OK, Dr. Thurman, it's nothing to be embarrassed about. I have sexual fantasies all the time too.
97) 14) dialog: I mean... Gretchen... She won't even let me kiss her. She says because it's our first kiss... she's, like, waiting for this big... moment or something. I just don't get it. I just want to get it over with so we can move on to the good stuff.
97) 16) dialog: Yeah... you know... (whispering) Fucking.
98) 0) text: The entire family is having dinner. Donnie is lost ina trance. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 62.
98) 3) dialog: Fine. You know, Dr. Thurman isn't so bad a lady. I can tell her anything. Rose appears surprised and then sad at this comment. She looks at Eddie, who just looks down at his plate of food.
99) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen are at the front of the room, present their invention. Dr. Monnitoff presides.
99) 1) dialog: So, we call them... IMGs
99) 3) dialog: Yeah. So the idea is that... you buy these glasses for your infant, and they wear them at night when they sleep.
99) 6) dialog: Well... the thing is, nobody remembers their infancy. And anyone who says they do is lying. We think that this would help develop memory earlier in life. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 63.
100) 0) text: Gretchen walks out the front door. Donnie comes chasing a her.
100) 1) dialog: Gretchen! Gretchen... wait up! She turns and faces him, tears in her eyes.
100) 2) dialog: I'm so sorry. They embrace... kissing for the first time.
101) 3) dialog: Two for "Evil Dead", please. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 64.
102) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen sit in the middle of the huge, empty theater. "The Evil Dead" unfolds. They eat popcorn and watch silen Donnie looks over and sees that Gretchen is asleep. Donnie turns back to the movie... beginning to look ill.
102) 3) dialog: You have to do something for me first.
102) 5) dialog: Yeah. Tell me why you're wearing that stupid bunny suit.
102) 7) dialog: Take it off. I want to see you. After a moment, Frank slowly reaches up and removes the r headpiece. Donnie's eyes widen. Underneath the headpiece is the human face of a handsome young man. His left eye does not exist, because it has imploded into the socket. There is blood oozing from the wound.
102) 9) dialog: What happened to your eye?
102) 11) dialog: Why do they call you Frank?
102) 13) dialog: How much longer is this gonna last?
103) 0) text: Donnie walks slowly past the theatre marquee.
108) 0) text: Donnie walks into the theatre and sits next to Gretchen, is asleep. As the credits to the film roll, Donnie wakes her.
108) 2) dialog: The whole movie. Let's go.
110) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen lie awake on a pile of blankets... st out into the abyssal canyon. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 68. Helicopter shot: we swoop down over Carpathian Ridge... p Donnie and Gretchen... of evergreen forest. Title card:
111) 0) text: Donnie and Eddie are in the backyard raking leaves onto a giant sheet.
111) 1) dialog: I know everyone thinks I'm a nutcase. I've been getting a lot of weird looks from people lately. They rake in silence for a moment. (angry)
111) 3) dialog: A lot of people. Teachers. Younger kids. It's like they're afraid of me for some reason. (beat) But that's OK... because I know I deserve it. Eddie stops raking.
111) 5) dialog: 
112) 0) text: Donnie sits on his bed and stares at the calendar on his wall. Each day is marked with an xX. He takes his pills from his nightstand... and downs three There are noises coming from downstairs.
113) 0) text: Donnie comes downstairs to see Elizabeth glued to the TV.
114) 0) text: Donnie and Dr. Monnitoff are having another in-depth conversation.
114) 2) dialog: (to himself) Like a spear.
114) 4) dialog: Like a spear that comes out of your stomach?
114) 6) dialog: Could these wormholes appear in nature?
114) 8) dialog: If God controls time... then all time is pre-decided. Then every living thing travels along a set path.
114) 10) dialog: If you could see your path or channel growing out of your stomach, you could see into the future. And that's a form of time travel, right? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 71.
114) 12) dialog: Not if you chose to stay within God's channel...
121) 0) text: The classroom is dark. The students watch "Watership Down the movie. Donnie is asleep. Gretchen stares at him. Ms. Pomeroy sta at Gretchen. Suddenly, she turns on the lights, turning off the TV. Donnie wakes up... with dark circles under his eyes.
121) 2) dialog: Why should we care?
121) 4) dialog: Why should I mourn for a rabbit like it was a human?
121) 6) dialog: Of course. A rabbit is not like us. It has no history books... it has no knowledge of sorrow or regret. I like bunnies and all. They're cute... and they're horny. And if you're cute and horny... then you're probably happy that you don't know who you are... or why you're even alive. But the only thing I've known rabbits to do is have sex as many times as possible before they die. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
121) 8) dialog: There's no point in crying for a dead rabbit... who never feared death to begin with. The class is silent for a moment.
122) 0) text: Donnie approaches Gretchen at her locker.
122) 1) dialog: You want to skip fourth period and go to the Ridge?
122) 3) dialog: What do you mean? She turns and walks off, leaving Donnie broken and deject
123) 0) text: Donnie sits at his desk looking at an intricate drawing o cloud formation. On it he has written: THE PORTAL.
124) 0) text: Rose and Eddie are in the kitchen. He is getting ready fo business trip. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 75. Samantha is jumping up and down. Elizabeth is jumping up down, dancing with her. Donnie looks into the kitchen from the foyer, catching hi family in a serene, contented moment of happiness. A mome that he chooses not to interrupt. Title card:
126) 0) text: Rose is standing in Donnie's room alone. She stares at a drawing of Frank that he has tacked onto his bulletin boa Donnie appears in the doorway. Rose jumps.
126) 1) dialog: I feel like... I'm approaching something horrible. Donnie walks over and sits on his bed. Rose goes and sits next to him.
126) 3) dialog: Do you get to meet Ed?
126) 7) dialog: How does it feel to have a wacko for a son?
127) 0) text: Rose brings her luggage out to the airport van. Mystery W loads Beth Farmer into the van. Donnie sits on the back-porch steps, watching everyone silently. Elizabeth gives Samantha a hug.
127) 5) dialog: Mom... Donnie stands up and reluctantly approaches from the porc
127) 6) dialog: There's nothing broken... in my brain. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 78. Rose stands there for a moment, looking at her only son.
128) 0) text: Donnie walks up to Gretchen, who stands at her locker wit several other girls. The girls whisper to each other as h approaches.
128) 1) dialog: Will you please talk to me?
128) 3) dialog: Then when? I have to talk to you. Gretchen walks away, looking back at him with apologetic eyes.
129) 0) text: Donnie walks alone through the hallways... lost. He stumbles upon Ms. Pomeroy's room. She sits behind her desk... which has been packed up into a cardboard box.
129) 1) dialog: (knocking on the door) Ms. Pomeroy... what's going on?
129) 3) dialog: Where are you going?
129) 5) dialog: That's bullshit. You're a good teacher.
129) 7) dialog: What do I tell the rest of the class when they ask about you?
129) 9) dialog: What's "Cellar Door"?
129) 11) dialog: Cellar door.
129) 14) dialog: I think I already have. (beat) But now she won't even talk to me. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 80.
130) 0) text: And with that... Ms. Pomeroy turns and walks down the hal with her career in a cardboard box... heading towards the bright Friday afternoon sunlight. Donnie walks back down the hallway... lost in his own introspection. Across the way... at her locker... as Cherita Chen. Donni approaches her slowly like a cat. She turns from her locker... and they make eye contact. She looks at him warily, frightened. A book falls from he arms onto the floor. Written in large letters on the brown book cover is his n DONNIE DARKO. He comes face to face with her, grabs her earmuffs with b hands, and touches his forehead to hers as if he were goi to kiss her.
130) 1) dialog: (long beat) I promise that one day things will get better for you. Cherita holds still for a moment, trembling, and then jer back from him. Her earmuffs come off in his hands. She backs away from him slowly. A single tear rolls down cheek.
131) 0) text: Donnie walks by himself... thinking... wearing Cherita's earmuffs. Title card:
132) 0) text: Donnie is under hypnosis.
132) 2) dialog: Yes.
132) 4) dialog: I... I was playing with fire.
132) 6) dialog: People get hurt.
132) 8) dialog: People get hurt. I don't want to hurt anyone.
132) 10) dialog: Yes. I went to jail.
132) 12) dialog: They... didn't buy me what I wanted for Christmas that year.
132) 14) dialog: Hungry Hungry Hippos. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 82.
132) 16) dialog: Regret.
132) 18) dialog: That I did it again.
132) 20) dialog: Yes. I flooded my school... and I burned down that pervert's house. I think I only have a few days left... before they catch me.
132) 22) dialog: I have to obey him... because he saved my life. He controls me and I have to obey him or I'll be left all alone... and I'll never figure out what all of this means...
132) 24) dialog: I think now that he might...
132) 26) dialog: Because I'm so horny.
132) 28) dialog: I think so. I think that's one of the clues. It's a clue that tells us... to keep going. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 83.
132) 31) dialog: I have the power to build a time machine.
132) 33) dialog: Grandma Death will teach me how. Soon.
132) 35) dialog: It would have to be God's portal. They will lead me to it. Then I will go back in time... and I won't feel regret anymore.
132) 37) dialog: Soon. Time is almost up. Donnie gets up on his feet, staggering around the room. H looks frightened... childlike.
132) 38) dialog: It has to happen soon, it has to happen soon. Dr. Thurman gets up and tries to control Donnie... follow him around the room.
132) 40) dialog: (freaking out) Frank is going to kill.
132) 43) dialog: (freaking out) I can see him right now!
132) 45) dialog: He's right there... He can read my mind and he'll show me the way out of this. The sky is going to open up... and then He will reveal himself to me.
132) 48) dialog: It's too late. I've already ruined my life.
133) 0) text: Donnie, calmed down and putting his jacket on, walks slow to the doorway. Dr. Thurman stands looking out the window. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 85.
133) 3) dialog: Thank you.
133) 5) dialog: Goodbye, Dr. Thurman.
134) 0) text: Donnie walks into the kitchen, where Elizabeth is sitting the table.
134) 2) dialog: Congratulations. Donnie sits down across from her.
134) 3) dialog: Mom and Dad won't be back until Sunday night. It's Halloween Carnival. We should throw a party. We could totally get away with it.
134) 5) dialog: Everything is going to be just fine. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 86.
136) 0) text: The doorbell rings. Donnie answers the door... only to fi Sean and Ronald dressed in black with monster masks. They are both carrying backpacks. Donnie is dressed in a black skeleton suit, and his face painted white like a skull.
136) 3) dialog: There's a keg here.
137) 0) text: Donnie and his friends watching the party unfold. The party grows larger
140) 0) text: The doorbell rings... and once again Donnie is the one to answer it. To his surprise... it is Gretchen standing on front porch. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 87.
140) 2) dialog: Hey. You OK?
140) 4) dialog: Where is she?
140) 6) dialog: But you're OK? She nods yes.
140) 7) dialog: Did you call the cops?
140) 10) dialog: (embraces her) It's safe here. Donnie takes Gretchen upstairs. We reveal Elizabeth watch them go.
142) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen sit on the bed. Gretchen takes a sip beer.
142) 3) dialog: There's something you have to know, Gretchen. (beat) Everything is going to be just fine. They lie down together... silently listening to the party below. The phone is ringing. The answering machine picks up.
145) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk downstairs. They kiss, and she g towards the family room. Donnie walks towards the kitchen, but then doubles over against the wall in pain. Suddenly... the room blows out with a strobe of white lig as costumed teenagers and their vector spears intersect i shimmering maze of chaos. Donnie slowly follows his spear as it leads him through t crowd... directly towards the refrigerator Donnie stares blankly at what he sees... scrawled in magi marker on the memo board. It reads: FRANK WAS HERE... WENT TO GET BEER! Donnie stares at the board for several moment... he then turns his head and sees a teenager with a Ronald Reagan m walk by. He then sees another spear come towards him. Gretchen rou the corner, coming in from the family room. Donnie falls to his knees and puts his face inside the en of Gretchen's spear. We see his P.O.V. - an abyssal tunne of light.
145) 1) dialog: Come with me.
146) 2) dialog: Time is running out. We have to go see Grandma Death. We have to talk to her.
146) 4) dialog: No. Frank.
146) 7) dialog: She knows. I know she knows.
149) 3) dialog: (his eyes widen) Yeah... The cellar door is ajar... and there is a dim light comin out from inside.
150) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen open the door to the cellar... and de down into a murky pit with a stone floor. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 91. Inside... the room is quite large... filled with row afte row of boxes, paintings, antique furniture and chandelier There is even an ancient piano in the back. Gretchen slowly reaches her hand out and places her finge on the deepest piano key. Suddenly a figure emerges from the shadows and slams Donn into the wall. He then grabs Gretchen by placing an arm around her neck with a butcher's knife. It is Ricky Danforth. Seth comes out from another corner. also brandishing a butcher's knife. Both have pantyhose p over their heads.
151) 0) text: The four of them come bursting out of the cellar Seth holds Donnie's arms down with his knees and places t butcher's knife against his throat. Ricky throws Gretchen down hard onto the shoulder of Old Road. She lets out a gasp of pain as her head hits the gravel.
151) 4) dialog: (barely audible whisper ) Dea ex machina...
151) 6) dialog: Our saviour... The headlights are getting close.
151) 10) dialog: You better run.
151) 15) dialog: Gretchen... wake up. Wake up. Her neck is broken. She has no pulse. The passenger door to the Trans-Am opens, and a passenger a clown costume gets out. The driver's side door opens and the driver gets out. He is wearing a rabbit suit. A Halloween costume. He is holding the grotesque rabbit helmet in his hand. It is Frank.
151) 22) dialog: Waiting for you. Donnie raises the gun from his father's closet with his r hand, and to his own surprise, he pulls the trigger Frank's left eye implodes as the bullet passes through hi head. His body falls limply to the ground.
151) 25) dialog: (very calm) Go home. Go home and tell your parents that everything is going to be just fine. After contemplation of the recent events... Sean and Rona turn and run off in the opposite direction. Donnie is left alone... with the dead bodies. He turns and stares at Grandma Death... who is calmly sta there... with his letter in her hand.
152) 0) text: Donnie carries Gretchen home.
153) 0) text: Donnie looks down at Elizabeth asleep on the couch. He th leans down and gives her a kiss on the forehead.
154) 0) text: Donnie walks out to the Taurus, then stops and looks up a the sky.
155) 0) text: The Time Portal begins to form above the house. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 95. Donnie touches his stomach... feeling sick once again. Donnie then steps into the car, where Gretchen sits in th passenger seat. He turns on the engine and peels out of t driveway.
156) 0) text: Donnie drives the Taurus up Carpathian Ridge.
157) 0) text: Donnie sits on the roof of the Taurus looking out. He smiles, lighting a cigarette.
157) 1) dialog: 28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes, 12 seconds. We're almost home.
161) 0) text: Donnie continues to stare out at the canyon.
163) 0) text: Donnie steps off the hood and gets into the car. He takes Gretchen's hand.
170) 0) text: We move towards Donnie's empty bed. Title card:
173) 0) text: Donnie wakes up. He is laughing hysterically. The engine crashes through his ceiling... engulfing the r
177) 0) text: The mammoth jet engine has plummeted all the way down thr the house, creating a cavernous hole that splits Donnie's room in half. The smoke from the wreckage begins to clear Above the engine is Donnie... impaled through the stomach a wooden beam that was once part of the floor beneath his bed. There is blood gushing from his mouth, as his face i contorted into an expression that could almost be a smile