24) 1) dialog: Donnie Darko? (beat) Son? What's going on here? Jim Cunningham (forty), the man riding shotgun, gets out the cart and walks over.
24) 3) dialog: Eddie Darko's kid. Donnie gets up and brushes himself off. On his arm he see something written in black magic marker Numbers.... 28:06:42:12. Donnie stares at the numbers on his arm, confused.
24) 4) dialog: (to Jim, kissing his ass) Sorry about this, Jim, just a... a kid from the neighbourhood. (MORE )
69) 2) dialog: Donnie.
70) 0) text: Dr. Monnitoff has drawn a diagram on the blackboard. In h hand he holds a copy of Stephen Hawking's "A Brief Histor of Time".
70) 1) dialog: So... according to Hawking... wormholes might be able to provide a shot cut for jumping between two distant regions of space-time.
70) 3) dialog: Theoretically.
70) 5) dialog: A wormhole with an Einstein-Rosen bridge, which is, theoretically... a wormhole in space controlled by man.
70) 7) dialog: The basic principles of time travel are there. (beat) So you have the vessel and the portal. And the vessel can be anything. Most likely a spacecraft.
72) 2) dialog: (smiling) A metal craft of any kind. Donnie stares at him intently. Dr. Monnitoff walks over t his desk and picks up a book.
72) 3) dialog: Don't tell anybody that I gave you this. (beat) The woman who wrote it... used to teach here a long time ago. She was a nun for many years and then overnight she just became this entirely different person. She up and left the Church, wrote this book and started teaching science. Donnie takes the battered book... we see the cover.
77) 0) text: Eddie and Dr. Fisher watch the Redskins game. Ronald and Donnie watch the game in the family room.
77) 2) dialog: We need a miracle.
85) 0) text: Donnie walks into the classroom and takes his seat next t Gretchen. He is sweating profusely. Dr. Monnitoff is handing out papers. The bell rings Peopl shuffle out.
85) 1) dialog: Don't forget tomorrow we'll be meeting with our partners for the Young Inventors Fair. Donnie rubs his finger over his neck wound.
99) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen are at the front of the room, present their invention. Dr. Monnitoff presides.
99) 5) dialog: What effect do you think this would have on an infant?
99) 7) dialog: Did you stop and think that maybe infants need darkness? That darkness is part of their natural development. Seth Davis raises his hand.
114) 0) text: Donnie and Dr. Monnitoff are having another in-depth conversation.
114) 1) dialog: Each vessel travels along a vector path through space-time... along its centre of gravity.
114) 3) dialog: Beg pardon?
114) 5) dialog: Uhh... sure. And in order for the vessel to travel through time it must find the portal, in this case the wormhole, or some unforeseen portal that lies undiscovered.
114) 7) dialog: That... is highly unlikely. You're talking about an act of God.
114) 9) dialog: I'm not following you.
114) 11) dialog: You are contradicting yourself, Donnie. If we could see our destines manifest themselves visually... then we would be given the choice to betray our chosen destinies. The very fact that this choice exists... would mean that all pre-formed destiny would end.
114) 13) dialog: (cutting him off) Donnie, I'm afraid I can't continue this conversation. I could lose my job.
115) 0) text: Ms. Pomeroy sits across from Dr. Monnitoff. They both gra papers silently. Dr. Monnitoff stares at her for a long moment.
115) 1) dialog: (incredulous) Donnie... Darko. She stares at him for a while, haunted by something.
171) 0) text: Dr. Thurman wakes up. Jim Cunningham wakes up... sobbing. Kitty Farmer wakes up... coming to a horrible realisation Karen Pomeroy and Dr. Monnitoff wake up together Cherita Chen wakes up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 97.