1) 0) text: Donnie turns the corner and heads towards the garage. We pan over to the Darko house... moving through the fron yard where Eddie Darko (forty-four) pulls the cord and hi gas-powered leaf-blower roars to life. Elizabeth Darko (nineteen) comes out the front door. She approaches her dad from behind. Eddie turns and aims the leaf-blower at her face... blasting her with air
6) 2) dialog: Perhaps when you have children of your own that need braces, and you can't afford them because half of your husband's paycheck goes to the federal government, you'll regret that decision.
10) 0) text: Rose goes into bed with Eddie, who is reading a hardback copy of Stephen King's "The Tommyknockers".
10) 2) dialog: (beat) You're not a bitch.
12) 0) text: Eddie sits up in bed, unable to sleep. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
12) 1) text: The TV pops on. Eddie drops into the La-Z Boy. They are replaying a Bush/Dukakis debate. Eddie laughs.
16) 0) text: Donnie stares at Eddie, asleep in the La-Z Boy.
22) 0) text: Eddie Darko sleeps reclined in the La-Z Boy. The final no of the Channel 12 National Anthem fade away to static. From above... a thunderous crash. Plaster rains from the ceiling ...Books fly off the bookshelf as the entire wall mount collapses to the floor. Eddie jerks awake.
27) 0) text: Eddie is signing some documents in front of Garland at a table that has been set up. Another FAA guy is there.
27) 3) dialog: Come on, Donnie... we're going to a hotel.
29) 0) text: Rose and Eddie lie awake in the dark.
29) 2) dialog: (quoting Rod Serling) You are entering a new dimension of sight and sound... Rose begins to laugh.
31) 1) dialog: Frankie Feedler.
31) 3) dialog: Frankie Feedler. You remember him from high school?
31) 5) dialog: He died, remember? On the way to the prom. (beat) He was doomed. Rose lies there silently.
31) 6) dialog: Jesus Christ. They could have said the same thing about Donnie. Our Donnie. (beat) But he dodged it. He dodged his bullet, Rose. Rose rolls over to embrace him.
31) 7) dialog: That's my boy. Moments later, the door to the adjoining room opens. It i Samantha.
35) 0) text: Eddie drives Donnie down Old Gun Road, a windy back-road that goes towards the country.
35) 1) dialog: So how was school today?
35) 3) dialog: Good Lord. (beat) So the construction guys say it'll take about a week to fix the roof. Damn airline better not fuck us on the shingle match.
35) 5) dialog: Know what?
35) 7) dialog: No... apparently they can't tell us what happened yet. Something about a matching serial number that got burned. (beat) But I had to sign a form saying I wouldn't talk to anyone about it.
35) 9) dialog: You tell Dr. Thurman whatever you want. Suddenly, Eddie slams on the brakes and the station wagon comes to a sudden stop. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 17.
35) 10) dialog: Oh, shit!
58) 0) text: Parents and teachers convene in front of the auditorium entrance. Kitty Farmer hands out Xeroxed images of something. Eddie and Rose chit-chat with other concerned parents. Ms. Pomeroy approaches Kitty Farmer
67) 0) text: Eddie and Rose sit across from one another at the bistro patio... having a quiet dinner to themselves.
67) 2) dialog: Oh, I say we buy him a moped.
74) 6) dialog: Grandma Death.
74) 9) dialog: You're right. Roberta Sparrow was famous for her gem collections. Kids used to try and steal stuff from her all the time. Over the years... as she got older, she became more and more of a recluse... now she just likes to stay up there all by herself.
77) 0) text: Eddie and Dr. Fisher watch the Redskins game. Ronald and Donnie watch the game in the family room.
77) 1) dialog: Ahh... we need Theisman.
79) 0) text: Donnie sits back in the La-Z Boy, dozing off... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 47. John Madden's CBS chalkboard unfolds on the TV screen. Ma traces his electronic lines across the screen, tracing th movement of the players... as their images are frozen in time. Donnie's eyes close... and then re-open. Donnie turns his head and sees that the room is momentari bathed in artificial white light, as if God hit the slow- motion button during a flash of lightning. Donnie turns his head and sees that protruding from his father's stomach... is a thick spear made of silvery plas gel. As Eddie gets up from the couch to walk over to the refrigerator ...his spear precedes him... morphing into a extruded arrow that reaches the refrigerator several seco before him. The spear traces the exact geography of his movement thro time... using his centre of gravity as its axis point. Donnie turns and sees Samantha skipping from the kitchen. as her spear bounces several feet in front of her like a caterpillar. Her spear... smaller than her father's... is proportional her mass.
89) 0) text: Rose and Eddie sit in front of Dr. Thurman.
89) 4) dialog: She deserved it.
111) 0) text: Donnie and Eddie are in the backyard raking leaves onto a giant sheet.
111) 2) dialog: Who's been giving you weird looks?
111) 4) dialog: You're my only son... I know, Dad.
111) 6) dialog: I know I'm not the best... communicator. (beat) But whatever happens in your life... whatever obstacles you come up against... you just say... and do whatever is in your heart. You be honest... and tell the truth... even if they look at you funny... and they will. They'll tell you that you're wrong. They'll call you a fool. (beat) But what you've got to understand, son, is that almost all of those (MORE)
111) 8) dialog: people are full of bullshit... and they're scared of people like you. Because you're smarter than all of them. Donnie smiles at his father
124) 0) text: Rose and Eddie are in the kitchen. He is getting ready fo business trip. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 75. Samantha is jumping up and down. Elizabeth is jumping up down, dancing with her. Donnie looks into the kitchen from the foyer, catching hi family in a serene, contented moment of happiness. A mome that he chooses not to interrupt. Title card:
174) 0) text: Eddie jumps up from the La-Z Boy... startled awake by the impact.