1) 0) text: Donnie turns the corner and heads towards the garage. We pan over to the Darko house... moving through the fron yard where Eddie Darko (forty-four) pulls the cord and hi gas-powered leaf-blower roars to life. Elizabeth Darko (nineteen) comes out the front door. She approaches her dad from behind. Eddie turns and aims the leaf-blower at her face... blasting her with air
6) 1) dialog: I'm voting for Dukakis.
6) 3) dialog: (amused bitterness) I'm not gonna squeeze one out until I'm thirty.
6) 6) dialog: I haven't been accepted yet, mother
6) 11) dialog: Donnie? You're a dick.
6) 13) dialog: Maybe you'd like to tell Mom and Dad why you stopped taking your medication. An awkward silence.
6) 18) dialog: (laughing) Did you just call me a fuck-ass?
6) 20) dialog: (to Donnie) You can suck a fuck.
7) 0) text: Elizabeth talks on the phone, getting ready for her Satur night. Rose knocks and then enters.
7) 1) dialog: (into the phone) No. I took a year off to be with you. (beat) Of course I care. Don't get angry. (covering the phone) What?
7) 3) dialog: (cutting her off) I didn't realise it was such a big deal.
7) 5) dialog: I caught him flushing pills down the toilet. He knows you check the container.
21) 11) text: Elizabeth comes through the front door, leans back agains it, closes her eyes.
23) 0) text: Elizabeth falls back in horror as plaster rains down from around the chandelier... debris falling in the dining-roo doorway.
26) 2) dialog: (whispering) They don't know where it came from. Donnie looks over in awe as the mammoth engine is now str to the flatbed truck. A man in a silver firesuit sprays t engine down with water.
28) 3) dialog: They don't know, Samantha. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 11.
30) 4) dialog: Samantha, don't go over there.
66) 0) text: Donnie walks into his room again for the first time since the accident, looking around at the new furniture, paint carpet. Everything is perfect. Elizabeth appears in the doorway behind him with a cordle phone in her hand.
66) 1) dialog: (into the phone) Oh my God, remember that gym teacher Ms. Farmer? (beat) Yeah. Well, I guess my brother called her a fat bitch today in class and got suspended. And my parents just bought him all of this new shit. (beat) Yeah, I know. I wish a jet engine would have fallen on my room.
74) 2) dialog: What does time travel have to do with philosophy?
88) 0) text: Donnie sits at the kitchen island with Elizabeth, carving pumpkin.
88) 1) dialog: So I hear you have a girlfriend.
88) 3) dialog: What's her name? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52.
88) 5) dialog: (defensive) Why would I tell Mom?
88) 7) dialog: No I don't. (long beat) She worries about you.
88) 9) dialog: It's not that. I mean mouthing off to your teachers. I'll admit... when Dad told me what you said to Ms. Farmer, I laughed my ass off.
88) 11) dialog: Yeah... well, that's not the way the world works. If you keep being too honest, the world will eventually find a way to destroy you.
88) 13) dialog: That's a nice name. (beat) OK, let me see it. Donnie turns the carved jack o' lantern around and we see that it looks remarkably like Frank.
113) 0) text: Donnie comes downstairs to see Elizabeth glued to the TV.
113) 1) dialog: Oh my God, that's him. That's the guy from last night. On the television: a Newscaster stands in front of the ch heap of what was once a large suburban house. Firefighter mill about behind her.
113) 4) dialog: Oh my God. Dad played golf with that guy. Donnie says nothing, turns around... and walks upstairs.
124) 0) text: Rose and Eddie are in the kitchen. He is getting ready fo business trip. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 75. Samantha is jumping up and down. Elizabeth is jumping up down, dancing with her. Donnie looks into the kitchen from the foyer, catching hi family in a serene, contented moment of happiness. A mome that he chooses not to interrupt. Title card:
127) 0) text: Rose brings her luggage out to the airport van. Mystery W loads Beth Farmer into the van. Donnie sits on the back-porch steps, watching everyone silently. Elizabeth gives Samantha a hug.
127) 1) dialog: You're gonna win. I know it.
127) 4) dialog: Don't worry, Mom. Just go, you'll miss your flight. Rose turns... wanting to say goodbye to Donnie, but not knowing how. She smiles and waves goodbye. Donnie waves back. Rose turns and goes to the van... handing the driver her last bag.
134) 0) text: Donnie walks into the kitchen, where Elizabeth is sitting the table.
134) 1) dialog: (in shock) I got in. I'm going to Harvard.
134) 4) dialog: (long beat) Okay, but it has to be a small one.
141) 0) text: Elizabeth walks over to a friend.
141) 1) dialog: (yelling over the music) Have you seen Frank? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 88.
153) 0) text: Donnie looks down at Elizabeth asleep on the couch. He th leans down and gives her a kiss on the forehead.
176) 0) text: Elizabeth leans against the wall, screaming.