21) 8) dialog: I'm here to save you. (beat) The world is coming to an end, Donnie. Donnie doesn't answer.
21) 9) dialog: Look up in the sky, Donnie. He looks up into the black night.
21) 10) dialog: 28 days... 6 hours... 42 minutes... 12 seconds. That is when the world will end. Donnie looks back at Frank. His expression is a vacant ex of confusion. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
40) 0) text: Donnie lies on the couch... fast asleep. His eyes slowly open. There, standing in the corner of the room in the shadows Frank.
40) 1) dialog: Wake up, Donnie.
41) 0) text: In the dark school hallway, Donnie rounds the corner with flashlight, a can of spray paint, and an axe. Frank stand in the same hallway where the tidal wave crashed.
52) 11) dialog: Pay close attention, you could miss something. Donnie stares at the screen... at Jim Cunningham. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 30.
56) 0) text: Looking nauseous, Donnie opens the medicine cabinet and retrieves his pills. He takes four of them. Donnie takes drink of water, closing his eyes. He puts the pills back closes the cabinet. In the mirror's reflection is Frank. Donnie jumps.
56) 1) dialog: You got away with it. Don't worry. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33. Donnie reaches his hand out towards Frank and it presses against an invisible wall, as if he were pressing his han against liquid glass.
56) 3) dialog: I can do anything I want... and so can you... Donnie stares closely at Frank. He then removes his hands and moves back away from him.
60) 0) text: Donnie continues to converse with Frank
60) 2) dialog: We just want to guide you in the right direction.
60) 4) dialog: You'll know soon enough.
60) 6) dialog: (beat) Do you believe in time travel, Donnie? A moment of silence.
68) 0) text: Donnie lies in bed... looking up at the ceiling. He then rolls over and looks at the calendar on his wall. The day of the month of October are marked off with an X in each square. Tacked onto the calendar is a drawing of Frank.
87) 4) dialog: (echoing in Donnie's head) Now you know where he lives. Donnie looks over and sees that he is in front of Cunning Tudor mansion.
91) 0) text: Donnie stands in front of the bathroom mirror... catatoni looking at his reflection. Frank stands behind him. Suddenly, Donnie turns around with the butcher's knife an lunges at Frank with all of his weight. The knife collides with Frank's invisible force field as it were liquid steel. Donnie lunges repeatedly at Frank w psychotic rage... but the knife bounces off. Title card:
102) 1) dialog: Feeling sick? Donnie turns his head over and looks across Gretchen. Fra is sitting next to her.
102) 2) dialog: I want to show you something.
102) 4) dialog: You have a request?
102) 6) dialog: Why are you wearing that stupid man suit?
102) 8) dialog: Satisfied? Donnie just stares at him.
102) 10) dialog: I am so sorry. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 65.
102) 12) dialog: It is the name of my father... and his father before me.
102) 14) dialog: You should already know that. (beat) Watch the movie, Donnie. I have something to show you. Donnie looks at the screen. On the screen, "The Evil Dead" morphs into a Time Portal.
102) 15) dialog: There's a storm coming. (beat) Have you ever seen a Portal, Donnie? Suddenly... the screen morphs into an image of a large Tu house.
102) 16) dialog: Burn it to the ground. Donnie pulls out Jim Cunningham's wallet from his pocket. Donnie contemplates his fate for several more moments, an then gets up and walks out.
126) 0) text: Rose is standing in Donnie's room alone. She stares at a drawing of Frank that he has tacked onto his bulletin boa Donnie appears in the doorway. Rose jumps.
145) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk downstairs. They kiss, and she g towards the family room. Donnie walks towards the kitchen, but then doubles over against the wall in pain. Suddenly... the room blows out with a strobe of white lig as costumed teenagers and their vector spears intersect i shimmering maze of chaos. Donnie slowly follows his spear as it leads him through t crowd... directly towards the refrigerator Donnie stares blankly at what he sees... scrawled in magi marker on the memo board. It reads: FRANK WAS HERE... WENT TO GET BEER! Donnie stares at the board for several moment... he then turns his head and sees a teenager with a Ronald Reagan m walk by. He then sees another spear come towards him. Gretchen rou the corner, coming in from the family room. Donnie falls to his knees and puts his face inside the en of Gretchen's spear. We see his P.O.V. - an abyssal tunne of light.
151) 18) dialog: She's dead. Donnie slowly nods his head. Sean and Ronald approach him slowly. Grandma Death looms behind them.
151) 19) dialog: What the fuck. Look at my fucking car!
151) 21) dialog: What were you stupid fucks doing in the middle of the road? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 94.