33) 0) text: The following montage is three long Steadicam shots in th main school hallway and courtyard. We follow Donnie and his friends as they pour out of the back of the emergency exit of the school bus to 'Head Ove Heels' by Tears for Fears. We pick up teachers Karen Pomeroy (twenty-seven) and Dr. Kenneth Monnitoff (thirty) and Kitty Farmer (forty-two), with Jim Cunningham, as they make their way through the hallways. Swarms of girls surround Donnie as he makes his way to hi locker. There is a huge smile on his face. We reveal Gretchen Ross (fifteen)... we see Principal Col (thirty-eight) and then Samantha's dance team (Sparkle Mo practising their routine in the courtyard. We follow Ms. Pomeroy into English class... then time-lap dissolve through the doorway...
34) 9) dialog: I just registered, and I think they put me in the wrong English class. Ms. Pomeroy studies her.
34) 11) dialog: Umm, where do I sit? Ms. Pomeroy thinks for a moment. There are several empty chairs.
48) 4) dialog: Hey...
48) 6) dialog: (to Donnie) Wanna walk me home?
48) 8) dialog: Don't look so freaked.
48) 10) dialog: Fuck them. Gretchen smiles at Donnie, and then turns back and gives them the middle finger.
49) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk along the sidewalk together.
49) 2) dialog: Yeah. My parents got divorced. My mom has a restraining order against my stepdad. (beat) He has... emotional problems.
49) 4) dialog: (long beat) He stabbed my mom four times in the chest. Donnie is shocked.
49) 6) dialog: He fled. They still can't find him. (beat) My mom and I had to change our names and stuff. I thought Gretchen sounded kind of cool.
49) 10) dialog: Donnie Darko is a cool name. Sounds like a superhero.
49) 12) dialog: I should go. For physics. Monnitoff says I have to write an essay on the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind.
49) 15) dialog: You mean soap?
49) 17) dialog: Wonder where we'll be then.
49) 19) dialog: Until it withers away. She stares at him for a moment.
49) 21) dialog: Why is that?
49) 23) dialog: You're weird.
49) 25) dialog: That was a compliment.
49) 27) dialog: Where are we going?
49) 29) dialog: (beat) Sure. She gets up and begins to walk up the hill.
49) 31) dialog: I'm going home. Title card:
62) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen play a Sega race-car driving game. Do drives a souped-up red Ferrari through the Grand Canyon.
62) 1) dialog: So when you sleepwalk, can you remember afterward? Like, do you dream?
62) 3) dialog: My dad said never wake a sleepwalker... because they could drop dead. The Trans-Am crashes head on into a tree. Game Over
62) 5) dialog: So when you sleepwalk, you go somewhere familiar?
62) 7) dialog: And you'd never been there before? They sit silently for a moment.
62) 8) dialog: Donnie?
62) 10) dialog: Do you ever feel as though there's always someone watching you?
62) 12) dialog: Well... maybe someone is, like... giving you these dream steroids. And sleepwalking ...is someone showing you the way. Title card:
75) 0) text: Slow motion. Donnie and Gretchen jump up and down on the trampoline, lost among falling autumn leaves.
85) 0) text: Donnie walks into the classroom and takes his seat next t Gretchen. He is sweating profusely. Dr. Monnitoff is handing out papers. The bell rings Peopl shuffle out.
85) 2) dialog: What happened to your neck?
86) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk around the trail.
86) 1) dialog: Were you ever afraid of the dark? They pull over to a stop.
86) 3) dialog: Babies cry because they're afraid of the dark. And because they have no memories... for all they know... every night could be the last forever Like, perpetual darkness.
86) 5) dialog: That's not good enough. You've got to go back in time and take all those hours of darkness and pain and replace them... with whatever you wanted.
86) 7) dialog: Like... a Hawaiian sunset... the Grand Canyon. Things that remind you how beautiful the world can be. Donnie stops and takes Gretchen's hand.
86) 9) dialog: And what?
86) 11) dialog: You want to kiss me... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 51. Donnie goes in for an awkward kiss... but Gretchen turns denies him. Donnie turns away, embarrassed.
86) 13) dialog: (embarrassed) No... Donnie, wait. I've never...
86) 15) dialog: Yeah. And right now there's some fat guy over there watching us. A man in a red jogging suit is standing there in the fore smoking a cigarette. He turns away... disappearing into t woods.
92) 14) dialog: Let's get out of here. Donnie ignores her. His eyes are locked on Jim Cunningham who begins his rousing re-enactment of the sad, unfortuna downfall of Frank. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 56. Within minutes, Jim Cunningham has the crowd laughing... enamoured of him with his cartoon slide show. Note: during this sequence, the camera speed ramps to 4 b
93) 2) dialog: What? The huge screen rises upwards and Jim Cunningham takes questions from the crowd from portable mike stands in the back of the auditorium. Several students get up and go to the mikes.
94) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk down the wooded road.
94) 2) dialog: (stopping) Are you okay?
94) 6) dialog: Who?
94) 8) dialog: Oh, yeah. (taking the book) "The Philosophy of Time Travel". What is this?
95) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen stand at the end of Grandma Death's driveway. Gretchen leads Donnie up to the front porch of the decrep house. She then rings the doorbell. They wait for several moments ...nothing happens. Gretchen then goes and peers through a window.
95) 2) dialog: Maybe she's asleep. They walk to the end of the driveway, and Donnie stops at the mailbox. He opens it... empty.
95) 3) dialog: (pointing at the house) Donnie, look. In an upstairs window of the house, the silhouette of Gra Death peers down at them ominously. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 60.
99) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen are at the front of the room, present their invention. Dr. Monnitoff presides.
99) 2) dialog: Infant Memory Generators.
99) 4) dialog: And inside these glasses are these slide photographs. And each photograph is of something peaceful... or beautiful. Whatever pictures the parent wants to put inside.
99) 9) dialog: Is that what you'd show your kids?
100) 0) text: Gretchen walks out the front door. Donnie comes chasing a her.
102) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen sit in the middle of the huge, empty theater. "The Evil Dead" unfolds. They eat popcorn and watch silen Donnie looks over and sees that Gretchen is asleep. Donnie turns back to the movie... beginning to look ill.
108) 0) text: Donnie walks into the theatre and sits next to Gretchen, is asleep. As the credits to the film roll, Donnie wakes her.
108) 1) dialog: (disoriented) What? How long was I asleep?
110) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen lie awake on a pile of blankets... st out into the abyssal canyon. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 68. Helicopter shot: we swoop down over Carpathian Ridge... p Donnie and Gretchen... of evergreen forest. Title card:
121) 0) text: The classroom is dark. The students watch "Watership Down the movie. Donnie is asleep. Gretchen stares at him. Ms. Pomeroy sta at Gretchen. Suddenly, she turns on the lights, turning off the TV. Donnie wakes up... with dark circles under his eyes.
121) 7) text: He looks over at Gretchen, who looks angry at this.
121) 9) dialog: You're wrong. (beat) You're wrong about these rabbits. These rabbits can talk. They are the product of the authors imagination. And he cares for them. So we care for them too. We care that their home has been destroyed... and that their lives are in danger. Otherwise ...we've missed the point.
122) 0) text: Donnie approaches Gretchen at her locker.
122) 2) dialog: (angry) What's wrong with you?
128) 0) text: Donnie walks up to Gretchen, who stands at her locker wit several other girls. The girls whisper to each other as h approaches.
128) 2) dialog: Not now, Donnie. It isn't a good time.
140) 0) text: The doorbell rings... and once again Donnie is the one to answer it. To his surprise... it is Gretchen standing on front porch. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 87.
140) 1) dialog: (very upset) Hey.
140) 3) dialog: (walking inside) My mom is gone.
140) 5) dialog: (close to tears) I don't know. She didn't leave a note. The house is all messed up.
140) 8) dialog: Yeah, they told me to get out of the house. Donnie takes Gretchen into the hallway and gives her a hu
140) 9) dialog: I'm so scared... I just keep thinking that something awful has happened. It's my fucking stepdad. I know it.
142) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen sit on the bed. Gretchen takes a sip beer.
142) 1) dialog: Some people are just born with tragedy in their blood. He kisses her. He then pulls back.
142) 2) dialog: What?
145) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk downstairs. They kiss, and she g towards the family room. Donnie walks towards the kitchen, but then doubles over against the wall in pain. Suddenly... the room blows out with a strobe of white lig as costumed teenagers and their vector spears intersect i shimmering maze of chaos. Donnie slowly follows his spear as it leads him through t crowd... directly towards the refrigerator Donnie stares blankly at what he sees... scrawled in magi marker on the memo board. It reads: FRANK WAS HERE... WENT TO GET BEER! Donnie stares at the board for several moment... he then turns his head and sees a teenager with a Ronald Reagan m walk by. He then sees another spear come towards him. Gretchen rou the corner, coming in from the family room. Donnie falls to his knees and puts his face inside the en of Gretchen's spear. We see his P.O.V. - an abyssal tunne of light.
145) 2) dialog: Where are we going? He grabs her and pulls her out the back of the kitchen in the back yard. Ronald and Sean follow.
146) 1) dialog: Donnie, what's going on! She stops him.
146) 3) dialog: Why? Is this about the book? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 90.
146) 5) dialog: Who's Frank? Ronald and Sean approach.
149) 2) dialog: Is that a cellar door?
150) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen open the door to the cellar... and de down into a murky pit with a stone floor. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 91. Inside... the room is quite large... filled with row afte row of boxes, paintings, antique furniture and chandelier There is even an ancient piano in the back. Gretchen slowly reaches her hand out and places her finge on the deepest piano key. Suddenly a figure emerges from the shadows and slams Donn into the wall. He then grabs Gretchen by placing an arm around her neck with a butcher's knife. It is Ricky Danforth. Seth comes out from another corner. also brandishing a butcher's knife. Both have pantyhose p over their heads.
151) 0) text: The four of them come bursting out of the cellar Seth holds Donnie's arms down with his knees and places t butcher's knife against his throat. Ricky throws Gretchen down hard onto the shoulder of Old Road. She lets out a gasp of pain as her head hits the gravel.
151) 9) dialog: (in a hoarse whisper) Donnie... Even closer...
151) 14) dialog: Donnie... The car swerves left, barely missing Grandma Death. The Pontiac tries to brake hard... but the wheels lock... and it goes skidding onto the shoulder. Gretchen raises her head from the gravel... into bright headlight beams. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 93. The Trans-Am goes barrelling over her like a speed-bump.. and her limp body rolls off into the grassy ditch. The Trans-Am skids off into the grass and collides head-o with the crumbling stone chimney... which explodes into t crumpled hood of the car... as it eventually comes to a s in a fury of smoke. Donnie staggers to his feet... regaining his breath. He r over to Gretchen and kneels down next to her
152) 0) text: Donnie carries Gretchen home.
155) 0) text: The Time Portal begins to form above the house. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 95. Donnie touches his stomach... feeling sick once again. Donnie then steps into the car, where Gretchen sits in th passenger seat. He turns on the engine and peels out of t driveway.
163) 0) text: Donnie steps off the hood and gets into the car. He takes Gretchen's hand.
178) 0) text: The same disaster scene as before... only more media, mor neighbours, and a Coroner. People stand around in shock.. disbelief. From the other end of the street, a girl comes riding alo on a bike... slowly taking in the entire scene. She pulls up to the kerb where a kid named David (eleven) is standi around. It is Gretchen Ross.
178) 1) dialog: Hi... what's going on here?
178) 3) dialog: What happened?
178) 5) dialog: What was his name?
178) 8) dialog: (long beat) Yeah.
178) 10) dialog: No. Rose, leaning against a tree while smoking a cigarette, notices them. She seems to recognise Gretchen... from somewhere in the vast reservoir of her memory. She waves at her. She waves back. FADE OUT.