24) 2) dialog: Who is it, Don?
33) 0) text: The following montage is three long Steadicam shots in th main school hallway and courtyard. We follow Donnie and his friends as they pour out of the back of the emergency exit of the school bus to 'Head Ove Heels' by Tears for Fears. We pick up teachers Karen Pomeroy (twenty-seven) and Dr. Kenneth Monnitoff (thirty) and Kitty Farmer (forty-two), with Jim Cunningham, as they make their way through the hallways. Swarms of girls surround Donnie as he makes his way to hi locker. There is a huge smile on his face. We reveal Gretchen Ross (fifteen)... we see Principal Col (thirty-eight) and then Samantha's dance team (Sparkle Mo practising their routine in the courtyard. We follow Ms. Pomeroy into English class... then time-lap dissolve through the doorway...
52) 10) dialog: Hello. My name is Jim Cunningham. And welcome to "Controlling Fear". The title CONTROLLING FEAR appears on the screen... follo by PART ONE: ATTITUDINAL BELIEFS.
64) 1) dialog: And so, let us begin Lifeline Exercise No. 1. "PLEASE PRESS STOP NOW" appears on the screen. Ms. Farmer stops the tape and moves to the blackboard. On it, she has drawn a horizontal line book-ended by the wor "Love" and "Fear".
87) 1) dialog: 
92) 0) text: The auditorium is packed with Middlesex mongrels. Jim Cunningham takes the stage.
92) 1) dialog: (shouting) Good morning, mongrels!
92) 3) dialog: That's all the gusta you can musta? I said, "Good morning!"
92) 5) dialog: Now that's better... but I still sense some students out there... who are AFRAID ...just to say GOOD
92) 9) dialog: Are you AFRAID?
92) 12) dialog: Now that's what I like to hear (suddenly serious) Because too many young men and women today are paralysed by their fears. They give in to their feelings of self-doubt... they surrender their bodies to the temptations of drugs, alcohol and premarital sex. Empty solutions. These are toxic chemicals ...and disease-spreading behaviour. A large screen lowers behind him.
92) 13) dialog: I would like to tell you a story today about a young man whose life was destroyed by the instruments of fear. A young man searching for love... in all the wrong places. (shaking his head tragically) His name was Frank. On the giant screen, an image slide appears of a young ca teenager whose eyes are whacked out on drugs. The title appears: HIS NAME WAS FRANK. Upon hearing the name Frank, Donnie falls into a paranoid trance. Gretchen, who looks extremely bored, leans over to Donnie
93) 6) dialog: There's no need to be embarrassed. Many times we eat because we are afraid to face the reality of our ego reflections. We shouldn't just look INTO the mirror. We should look THROUGH the mirror.
93) 9) dialog: I think you should look deep within yourself... deep within your heart... and find what it is in the world that makes you feel LOVE. Just pure LOVE. And then go to that. In your studies... in your athletics... go towards love.
93) 12) dialog: Violence is a product of fear. Those who love themselves enough should have no need to fight another person. Learn to truly love yourself... and the world will be yours.
93) 16) dialog: Excuse me? What's your name, son?
93) 18) dialog: Well, Gerald, I think you're afraid.
93) 23) dialog: (getting angry) I think you are afraid to ask me for advice. I think that you are a very troubled... confused young man. I think you're searching for answers in all the wrong places.
105) 3) dialog: Good luck out there. She smiles nervously back at him. He exits onto the stage
106) 1) dialog: Thank you... Cherita Chen. That was Autumn Angel. (clearing throat) Next... it is my distinct pleasure to introduce to you... Emily Bates... Suzy Bailey... Samantha Darko... Beth Farmer ...and Joanie James. They are... SPARKLE MOTION! The audience roars with applause as the lights dim. The following montage alternates between the auditorium s and Jim Cunningham's house. The stage lights slowly raise as the opening beat of 'Wes End Girls' by the Pet Shop Boys begins. Under the soft stage lights... Sparkle Motion unfolds. Donnie approaches Jim Cunningham's house. Sparkle Motion... in perfect synchronicity. In the living room of the house... Donnie walks through, dousing gasoline all over the place with psychotic force. trail of fire spreads. A mystery woman emerges from the back wall of the auditor A couch and curtains become engulfed in flames. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 67. Middlesex girls are jumping up and down in the aisles. Eddie and Rose are smiling ear to ear Elizabeth Darko is cracking up at the entire scene. Kids are going bonkers in the aisles. The mystery woman takes off her glasses. Slow motion: fire engulfs a deer taxidermy. Ms. Pomeroy gets into the groove. The parents are now on their feet. The crowd roars even louder Slow motion: Sparkle Motion stands triumphant. Slow motion: Donnie stands before a wall of flames.
120) 0) text: The Sparkle Motion girls squeal with excitement... jumpin up and down. Kitty Farmer pumps her fist in victory. Suddenly... Linda Connie bursts into the office, grabbing Kitty by the arm. The teacher holds up a newspaper... whe there is a headline that reads: JIM CUNNINGHAM CHARGED. Kitty's facial expression goes from elation to horror
171) 0) text: Dr. Thurman wakes up. Jim Cunningham wakes up... sobbing. Kitty Farmer wakes up... coming to a horrible realisation Karen Pomeroy and Dr. Monnitoff wake up together Cherita Chen wakes up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 97.