33) 0) text: The following montage is three long Steadicam shots in th main school hallway and courtyard. We follow Donnie and his friends as they pour out of the back of the emergency exit of the school bus to 'Head Ove Heels' by Tears for Fears. We pick up teachers Karen Pomeroy (twenty-seven) and Dr. Kenneth Monnitoff (thirty) and Kitty Farmer (forty-two), with Jim Cunningham, as they make their way through the hallways. Swarms of girls surround Donnie as he makes his way to hi locker. There is a huge smile on his face. We reveal Gretchen Ross (fifteen)... we see Principal Col (thirty-eight) and then Samantha's dance team (Sparkle Mo practising their routine in the courtyard. We follow Ms. Pomeroy into English class... then time-lap dissolve through the doorway...
58) 0) text: Parents and teachers convene in front of the auditorium entrance. Kitty Farmer hands out Xeroxed images of something. Eddie and Rose chit-chat with other concerned parents. Ms. Pomeroy approaches Kitty Farmer
64) 6) dialog: We'll start in the front. Cherita Chen stands up and walks over to the blackboard. Ms. Farmer pulls up large white cards that have black-and white animated cartoons on them.
105) 0) text: Kitty Farmer stands with the five-member dance team ina huddle.
117) 0) text: Ms. Pomeroy steps out from Principal Cole's office. She s Kitty Farmer and the Sparkle Motion girls milling about. mystery woman is there as well. Ms. Pomeroy glares at Kitty Farmer before leaving.
120) 0) text: The Sparkle Motion girls squeal with excitement... jumpin up and down. Kitty Farmer pumps her fist in victory. Suddenly... Linda Connie bursts into the office, grabbing Kitty by the arm. The teacher holds up a newspaper... whe there is a headline that reads: JIM CUNNINGHAM CHARGED. Kitty's facial expression goes from elation to horror
125) 0) text: Doorbell rings. Rose answers the door Kitty Farmer is there on the front porch. She is wearing shirt that reads: GOD IS AWESOME!
171) 0) text: Dr. Thurman wakes up. Jim Cunningham wakes up... sobbing. Kitty Farmer wakes up... coming to a horrible realisation Karen Pomeroy and Dr. Monnitoff wake up together Cherita Chen wakes up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 97.