44) 0) text: A janitor named Leroy (fifty-five) stands at the end of t hall with Principal Cole. Water rushes past their feet do the steps.
44) 2) dialog: What else? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 22.
45) 1) dialog: Christ. Is that an axe?
45) 3) dialog: How did this happen?
45) 5) dialog: You're fired. Principal Cole walks off.
51) 2) dialog: Donald Darko. We reveal on the blackboard the phrase, "They made me do it", written over and over again. We reveal two Police Officers standing next to Principal Cole in the corner of the classroom. Donnie gets up and walks over to the board and writes the phrase. He then sits down again without hesitation. The Police Officer hesitates for a moment, lingering over Donnie's penmanship. He then places a '?' next to Donnie' name on the roster. Ms. Pomeroy makes eye-contact with hi
59) 0) text: The crowd settles... Principal Cole takes the stage.
59) 1) dialog: In co-operation with the county police, we have begun an active investigation into the cause of the flooding... and our suspects include several of our own students. Kitty Farmer stands up in her seat near the front row.
59) 5) dialog: Kitty...
59) 9) dialog: (trying to calm her) This meeting of the PTA was called to inform the parents of our ongoing investigation...
65) 0) text: Donnie and his parents sit in front of Principal Cole.
65) 1) dialog: Donald... let me preface this by saying that your Iowa scores are... (looking down at the file) ... intimidating. (rubbing his temples) So... let's go over this again. what exactly did you say to Ms. Farmer? Donnie does not answer. We reveal Ms. Farmer standing in corner.
116) 0) text: Ms. Pomeroy sits across from Principal Cole.
116) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, Karen, this is a specialised school. We don't think the methods you've undertaken here are appropriate.
116) 3) dialog: I don't have to get myself into a debate about this, Karen, I believe I have made myself clear. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 72.
116) 5) dialog: I am sorry that you have failed. Now if you'll excuse me, I have another appointment. You can finish out the week.
117) 0) text: Ms. Pomeroy steps out from Principal Cole's office. She s Kitty Farmer and the Sparkle Motion girls milling about. mystery woman is there as well. Ms. Pomeroy glares at Kitty Farmer before leaving.
119) 1) dialog: (over the intercom) Good afternoon. It is my great pleasure to announce that the Middlesex Middle School dance team has been invited to perform on Ed McMahon's Star Search '88 in Los Angeles, California... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 73.