32) 4) dialog: (raising his hands in victory) DARKO CHEATS DEATH! Man... you're famous! I called you, like, a jillion times last night!
32) 6) dialog: My dad said he found you on the golf course. Are you sleepwalking again?
32) 14) dialog: (mimicking) Chut up!
43) 7) dialog: Maybe Martha Moo finally went nuts and hijacked the bus.
43) 9) dialog: There's no rule!
43) 13) dialog: Let's go to Donnie's house. His parents are both at work. The three guys begin walking.
46) 0) text: Donnie, Sean, Ronald, Samantha and Joanie, Emily and Susi walk from their bus stop.
46) 1) dialog: School's closed! Everybody go home!
53) 0) text: The ruins of a brick chimney sit in the middle of a field Donnie, Sean and Ronald have lined up several empty beer bottles, cans and stuffed animals on the hearth. They take turns blasting these targets with a BB gun. Blam! A can falls over. Ronald hands the gun to Donnie. S pulls out a bottle of Raspberry Night Train and takes a s He hands the bottle to Ronald.
53) 1) dialog: What is this shit?
53) 3) dialog: Raspberry. That's good shit. Donnie aims the crosshairs on Smurfette's head. He pulls trigger. Smurfette falls over
53) 4) dialog: Wicked.
53) 6) dialog: Smurfette doesn't fuck.
53) 8) dialog: Not Vanity. He's a homo. Blam! A bottle shatters.
53) 13) dialog: Dammit, Donnie! Why do you always gotta get all smart on us! Donnie takes the bottle of Night Train and takes a small sip. Their conversation is interrupted by the squealing of tyr
54) 4) dialog: How old is Grandma Death?
54) 7) dialog: Awwww. That sucks. She approaches the box again...
54) 9) dialog: Noooo! They continue to watch her, sipping liquor into the sunse as Grandma Death repeats this act like an ancient wind-up doll.
77) 0) text: Eddie and Dr. Fisher watch the Redskins game. Ronald and Donnie watch the game in the family room.
136) 0) text: The doorbell rings. Donnie answers the door... only to fi Sean and Ronald dressed in black with monster masks. They are both carrying backpacks. Donnie is dressed in a black skeleton suit, and his face painted white like a skull.
136) 2) dialog: I stole four beers from my dad.
145) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen walk downstairs. They kiss, and she g towards the family room. Donnie walks towards the kitchen, but then doubles over against the wall in pain. Suddenly... the room blows out with a strobe of white lig as costumed teenagers and their vector spears intersect i shimmering maze of chaos. Donnie slowly follows his spear as it leads him through t crowd... directly towards the refrigerator Donnie stares blankly at what he sees... scrawled in magi marker on the memo board. It reads: FRANK WAS HERE... WENT TO GET BEER! Donnie stares at the board for several moment... he then turns his head and sees a teenager with a Ronald Reagan m walk by. He then sees another spear come towards him. Gretchen rou the corner, coming in from the family room. Donnie falls to his knees and puts his face inside the en of Gretchen's spear. We see his P.O.V. - an abyssal tunne of light.
149) 4) dialog: Don't open it, Donnie. Let's just leave.
151) 24) dialog: What'd you do, Donnie? What'd you do!