3) 0) text: We pull back from Samantha Darko (ten) as she is jumping a trampoline and pan over to Rose Darko (forty-two) as sh sits at a table reading a paperback copy of Stephen King' "IT". She glances over to the kitchen.
5) 0) text: The opening theme of "Who's the Boss?" begins as we see T Danza's blue van and the title card. We reveal Samantha, sitting on the floor, singing softly to the theme song "B New Life" performed by Larry Weiss We pan over to Donnie, sitting in the La-Z Boy.
6) 8) dialog: When can I squeeze one out? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 15) dialog: When can I squeeze one out, Mom?
6) 23) dialog: What's a fuck-ass? Despite his brave efforts to hold back laughter, Eddie Da lets out a slight guffaw.
25) 4) dialog: It fell on your room.
28) 2) dialog: If it fell from a plane, then what happened to the plane?
28) 4) dialog: Is there any way that we can make money from this? Couldn't we get on television if we sue the airline?
30) 1) dialog: Why do I have to sleep with Donnie? He stinks.
30) 3) dialog: (walking to the door) I'm telling Mom.
31) 8) dialog: Mom, Donnie said he's gonna fart in my face. Title card:
32) 0) text: Rose drops Donnie and Samantha off at the corner.
32) 2) dialog: Hi, Cherita.
32) 10) dialog: You'll put Ariel in the garbage disposal.
33) 0) text: The following montage is three long Steadicam shots in th main school hallway and courtyard. We follow Donnie and his friends as they pour out of the back of the emergency exit of the school bus to 'Head Ove Heels' by Tears for Fears. We pick up teachers Karen Pomeroy (twenty-seven) and Dr. Kenneth Monnitoff (thirty) and Kitty Farmer (forty-two), with Jim Cunningham, as they make their way through the hallways. Swarms of girls surround Donnie as he makes his way to hi locker. There is a huge smile on his face. We reveal Gretchen Ross (fifteen)... we see Principal Col (thirty-eight) and then Samantha's dance team (Sparkle Mo practising their routine in the courtyard. We follow Ms. Pomeroy into English class... then time-lap dissolve through the doorway...
43) 0) text: The same group stands and waits for the bus. The guys smo Cherita stands alone. Samantha is reading something to Joanie. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 20.
43) 1) dialog: (reading) "And then the prince was led into a world of strange and beautiful magic."
43) 4) dialog: Donnie! Give it back! He pushes her away.
43) 5) dialog: You're wrinkling it!
46) 0) text: Donnie, Sean, Ronald, Samantha and Joanie, Emily and Susi walk from their bus stop.
46) 3) dialog: Yeah-huh. A cat burglar broke him and trashed everything. Susie talks with Emily. Joanie and Samantha listen in.
60) 7) dialog: Who are you talking to? Donnie turns to see Samantha is standing in the doorway. Frank is gone.
79) 0) text: Donnie sits back in the La-Z Boy, dozing off... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 47. John Madden's CBS chalkboard unfolds on the TV screen. Ma traces his electronic lines across the screen, tracing th movement of the players... as their images are frozen in time. Donnie's eyes close... and then re-open. Donnie turns his head and sees that the room is momentari bathed in artificial white light, as if God hit the slow- motion button during a flash of lightning. Donnie turns his head and sees that protruding from his father's stomach... is a thick spear made of silvery plas gel. As Eddie gets up from the couch to walk over to the refrigerator ...his spear precedes him... morphing into a extruded arrow that reaches the refrigerator several seco before him. The spear traces the exact geography of his movement thro time... using his centre of gravity as its axis point. Donnie turns and sees Samantha skipping from the kitchen. as her spear bounces several feet in front of her like a caterpillar. Her spear... smaller than her father's... is proportional her mass.
79) 1) dialog: (her voice echoing through the silence) Follow the yellow brick road... Donnie looks down at his stomach and sees his own spear protruding outward. It then begins to extrude forward tow the foyer. He does not follow it. It then retreats back in and becko him to follow. Like a child transfixed by a firefly... Donnie follows th path of his spear into the foyer.
98) 1) dialog: Donnie, are you coming to my talent show tomorrow? Donnie ignores her.
124) 0) text: Rose and Eddie are in the kitchen. He is getting ready fo business trip. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 75. Samantha is jumping up and down. Elizabeth is jumping up down, dancing with her. Donnie looks into the kitchen from the foyer, catching hi family in a serene, contented moment of happiness. A mome that he chooses not to interrupt. Title card:
127) 0) text: Rose brings her luggage out to the airport van. Mystery W loads Beth Farmer into the van. Donnie sits on the back-porch steps, watching everyone silently. Elizabeth gives Samantha a hug.
127) 2) dialog: So do I. (to Donnie) Bye, Donnie. Donnie waves goodbye.
127) 7) dialog: Come on, Mom!
143) 1) dialog: Semi-finals, Mom!
159) 0) text: Samantha Darko is fast asleep. Her head rests on Rose's shoulder. She looks out of the window at the rising sun.