48) 0) text: Donnie approaches another corner alone. Ricky Danforth (seventeen) and Seth Devlin (eighteen) stand with Gretche
48) 1) dialog: (smoking a cigarette) Has anyone ever told you that you're sexy?
84) 0) text: Donnie walks along the edge of the school. Suddenly, a fi approaches, grabbing him from behind, placing a switchbla next to his throat. It is Seth Devlin.
84) 1) dialog: Did you tell them that I flooded the school?
84) 3) dialog: That's not what I heard. Now they think I did it.
84) 5) dialog: You know what? I think that you did it. Seth takes the knife and pokes the tip softly into the fl of Donnie's neck, drawing a small amount of blood. He pushes Donnie away. Donnie touches his neck in shock.
99) 8) dialog: What if the parents, like... put in photographs of Satan... pentagrams, dead people... stuff like that?
99) 10) dialog: I mean, didn't your dad, like, stab your mom? Dr. Monnitoff looks over at Seth calmly.
99) 11) dialog: Get out. Seth begins to walk out. Gretchen doesn't answer. There i only the 80 IQ grin... staring back at her face. The room silent.
150) 0) text: Donnie and Gretchen open the door to the cellar... and de down into a murky pit with a stone floor. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 91. Inside... the room is quite large... filled with row afte row of boxes, paintings, antique furniture and chandelier There is even an ancient piano in the back. Gretchen slowly reaches her hand out and places her finge on the deepest piano key. Suddenly a figure emerges from the shadows and slams Donn into the wall. He then grabs Gretchen by placing an arm around her neck with a butcher's knife. It is Ricky Danforth. Seth comes out from another corner. also brandishing a butcher's knife. Both have pantyhose p over their heads.
151) 0) text: The four of them come bursting out of the cellar Seth holds Donnie's arms down with his knees and places t butcher's knife against his throat. Ricky throws Gretchen down hard onto the shoulder of Old Road. She lets out a gasp of pain as her head hits the gravel.
151) 2) dialog: I have... a bigger knife now. Sean and Ronald watch... dumbfounded, backing away. Seth just stares down at Donnie with his dead eyes... pus the knife down harder, cutting off Donnie's air supply.
151) 5) dialog: What did you say? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 92.
151) 8) dialog: That's no cop... The headlights are getting close.
151) 13) dialog: You're dead, Donnie Darko Seth gets up and runs off with Ricky into the forest... j as the approaching car crests the top of Old Gun Road at breakneck speed. Suddenly, in the bright glow of the car's headlights... i the silhouette of Grandma Death... standing in the middle the road. In her right hand she is clutching a letter Donnie's letter.