8) 0) text: Pulling out of a side street onto Crenshaw, we see two ha looking O.G. BLOODS. As the bus passes, they CLOCK THE KI flashing SIGNS. They can't believe it. Driver Grits his teeth. SPEEDS OUT after the bus --
9) 0) text: The bus rolls to a stop. Before any KIDS can get off -- t O.G. Bloods' truck pulls in front of the bus, blocking th road. Passenger hops out. Noticing, the BUS DRIVER goes to shut the doors, but he's late -- O.G. Blood gets on, strides past the BUS DRIVER - glock 9mm in hand.
9) 2) dialog: Shut the fuck up, Blood! (Addresses the whole bus)
9) 4) dialog: 
9) 7) dialog: You little Crab ass niggas could've got this whole bus shot the fuck up! We saw that bullshit you was throwing up out the window! Hit me up now!
9) 9) dialog: That's yo muthafuckin problem, Blood! This shit ain't nuthin' ta play wit! It's real in the field, nigga! Shit's life and death! I kill Crips for breakfast, Blood! So keep yo' mothafuckin hand down when you see me, Understand?!
9) 11) dialog: What you little muthafuckas need to do is start gangbang them got damn books! Learn some shit better then what we doing! If not, I might be the one that kill yo' dumb ass! Remember me! This that Crenshaw Mafia, Blood! And with that, the O.G. Blood tucks his gun, and calmly e the bus -- leaving behind the stunned kids. Their truck pulls away into traffic. Cube grab his books, get up to exit the bus along with a others, but not before glancing over at the kids, who sit there sweating, shell-shocked. Cube shakes his head at the wannabes. No way he's going o like that.
91) 6) text: Naw. I think you gonna stay awhile. SLAM! Eazy SPINS to see TWO MORE BLOODS entering through side door. One of them holds a metal BASEBALL BAT. The ot has a SHOTGUN dangling at his side. Eazy now realizes he's just walked into a straight-up buz saw. But he shows no fear. He puffs his chest out. EAZY
91) 10) text: These niggas will take something from you that you can't get back. BLOOD
91) 12) text: Naw. That's too easy. (to Eazy) I got a whole night planned for you if you don't sign them release forms. Eazy's eyes shoot to the Blood, back to Suge. SUGE (CONT'D)
103) 0) text: Cube drives through SOUTH CENTRAL in the epicenter of the unfolding RIOTS. Looting stores. Burning buildings. He drives by GRAFFITI TAGS, many of which say FUCK THA POLICE. He sees a CRIP and a BLOOD, tying their RED and B bandanas together in front of one such tag: a SYMBOL of t GANG TRUCE. NEARBY, crowds of young people CHANT:
111) 0) text: Dre walks into Death Row feeling the sting of Nicole's wo still reverberating in his head as -- We reveal two pitbulls snarling and lunging at each other being restrained by heavy duty chains. The screams and ye of a betting crowd of Bloods permeate the hallway as we s the Death Row signature electric chair squarely at the en guy walking a pitbull on a hain moves pass the screaming Bloods and howling dogs runs into Dre.
113) 0) text: We reveal a pitbull snarling at an emasculated poor basta that is on the floor all bloody, in his underwear holding glass of champagne. The pitbull continues to lunge at his face looking to rip his soul out. WE REVEAL Suge smoking big cigar and laughing. He's at the center of a room full Bloods and hoodrats plus Blood #1, Goon Girl and Goon #1, intently watching the last moments of this emasculated homeboys toast. Dre opens the door at the far end of the room not expecti to see this spectacle. There's several blown holes in the wall where the gun shots were fired just above the coweri man's head.
113) 4) text: You know what to do. Bruised and bloody with one eye closed shut, the Poor Bas raises the glass with a shaky hand and a quivering voice. bull continues to stand at attention.
113) 29) text: This sends Dre into orbit. He goes after Blood #1. The wh conference room jumps in between them -- keeping these tw human pit bulls from scrappin'. Everybody jumps but Suge amused by the whole thing -- puffs on his cigar. Dre is b held back by the Off Duties. While Goon #1 is being held by Goon #2 and a few others. World War III averted for no
129) 3) text: Yes, well, it is those things... and more, I'm afraid... We ran a full blood battery and -- (beat) Mr. Wright, I'm sorry but you've tested positive for the HIV virus. Tomica reflexively stands, her hand over her mouth. Eazy squints, smiles, looks at the Doctor like he's crazy. EAZY