0) 4) dialog: Eric! Man, we been through this shit a thousand times. Multiple DEADBOLTS UNLOCK and an irritated Eazy enters --
0) 5) dialog: What's the use to having this dumb ass knock if I gotta tell you my name anyway?
1) 0) text: It's not what you'd call "cozy." The carpet is torn up, stained, cigarette-burnt. Walls covered in TAGS. A PITBUL stares menacingly from the kitchen. In addition to Eazy and Tone, there are THREE other peopl spread around the room: one GIRL lounges on a vinyl couch eyes glazed; another girl, TASHA, loudly SCRAPES soul foo onto the pitbull's plate; and a JITTERY DUDE steady keeps EYE out the WINDOW, tense, occasionally clocking -- EAZY spreads the CONTENTS of the BROWN BAG before them on long TABLE: three FREEZER BAGS each containing 10 ounces. looks up, ALL BUSINESS.
1) 1) dialog: Now where the money at?
1) 3) dialog: The fuck that got to do with me? Tone turns to Tasha in the kitchen, nods.
1) 5) dialog: Do I look thirsty to you? (beat)
1) 9) dialog: Yep. But not from these strawberry bitches you got right here.
1) 11) text: So you just gonna disrespect my house like that, Cuz? EAZY
1) 13) text: (re: Eazy's drugs) Well fuck it then -- You gonna have to let us hold on to that right there. ON THE COUCH, the GIRL grabs a SAWED-OFF SHOTGUN FROM UND PILLOW. Levels it at Eazy, face grimaced, hard, strung ou EAZY
1) 14) text: Yeah, do what you gotta do -- `Cause I got my homies parked across the street from your momma's house. I don't show up. They show out... Eazy just stares right back at them. The tension's like a pressure cooker about to burst. Until -- A WHISTLE echoes in from outside (THE LOOKOUT) -- Suddenly, everyone notices a deep RUMBLING coming from outside. Jittery Dude steps back from the window, eyes wi JITTERY DUDE
1) 16) text: Fuckin' Batter-Ram! Everyone in the room FLIES into action, STASHING the WEAP and the MONEY into hidden STASH SPOTS all over the HOUSE: Behind fake-panel LIGHT SWITCHES, hidden HATCHES beneath FLOORBOARDS, in a fake-panel inside the FRIDGE. It's some serious MACGYVER SHIT. Eazy grabs his ROCKS, BEE-LINES for the BACK of the HOUSE eyes wide, amped on adrenaline as the RUMBLING ESCALATES an almost UNBEARABLE LEVEL -- CRASH!!! The 14-foot BATTERING RAM PUNCHES THROUGH THE WA DEBRIS FLIES EVERYWHERE. The RAM keeps coming until --
14) 0) text: Muffled MUSIC seeps into the area as SECURITY GUARDS thoroughly SEARCH everyone. One of them stares Eazy down.
14) 4) dialog: Thanks for the tip, homie. The Security Guard frowns as he allows them into --
15) 9) dialog: Dr. Dre, how you been doin'?
15) 11) dialog: You know. Out here on the grind -- Nice jacket. Dre looks down at the purple satin.
15) 15) text: Wuddup, Dre. EAZY
15) 17) text: It's fucked up. I'm too tall for that shit. Plus I got my woman and baby livin' there. It's hard. But everybody can't do what you do. EAZY
15) 19) text: Yeah. Change ain't bad. Shit, I'm tryin' to make a few changes my self. EAZY
17) 0) text: DRE emerges from the Police Station, police property bag hand, to find EAZY waiting for him beside a fresh `63 IMP LOWRIDER.
17) 1) dialog: They got you for carrying records? That's some gangsta shit, Dre. Dre smiles, chuckles -- He's clearly beyond exhausted.
17) 3) dialog: Lonzo just left you here, huh?
17) 5) dialog: Mind gettin' your funny lookin' ass in the car before they arrest you for some other dumb shit?
17) 7) dialog: Man, I was thinkin' about what you said last night.
17) 9) dialog: It's interestin' --
17) 11) dialog: Shit, man, this all comin' from the nigga I just bailed out.
17) 13) dialog: Okay so what then -- That nigga last night? Is that what we doin'?
18) 11) text: What you wanna do, mark ass nigga? Cube and the HBO dudes square up, swelling and huffing -- Without hesitation, Eazy gets up, stands beside Cube. Dre whips off his headphones and flanks Cube from the other s These dudes have each other's back, ready to throw down.
18) 13) dialog: Well there goes the talent. Don't know a whole lot about the music game, but we can't start a label without talent. The three of them chuckle. Eazy sighs, shakes his head.
18) 14) dialog: Okay, I put up my money -- I held up my side of the deal, Dre. When you gonna deliver your side?
18) 16) dialog: What? Fool, I ain't no rapper. Off Eazy's unsure look --
19) 0) text: ON EAZY, self-conscious in the booth, light beaming on hi Dre gets up from the board, DIMS THE LIGHTS way down low
19) 1) dialog: Fuck you doin'?
19) 6) text: Hit that first beat hard. CRUISE-in down the street. CRUISE-in. When Eazy tries it again, it almost sounds worse -- EAZY
19) 9) text: That ain't it... EAZY
19) 13) text: Just gimme the words. EAZY
19) 20) dialog: `Cause I do.
19) 22) dialog: You really gonna make me do this, huh? Yup. Eazy frowns. Takes a moment to compose himself...
19) 23) dialog: Aiight, fuck it. Let's do this. Dre starts the track again -- ONLY THIS TIME, HE DOES SO
19) 25) dialog: Cruisin' down the street in my 6-4. Dre grins. Much better. Stops the track.
20) 0) text: There's a sense of ceremony here. Cube, Eazy, YELLA, REN, Jinx, DOC and few girls wait with palpable anticipation a DRE PUSHES PLAY on the freshly completed TRACK. It starts THUMPING from the speakers: It's BOYZ N THA HOOD. Pride and a sense of purpose swell in each and every one them as LONZO POPS IN. Listens, skeptical. The song stops and no one says a word. They know this is something special. Finally:
20) 9) text: Damn, Dre -- You just turned a hustler into a rapper. EAZY
21) 0) text: BOYZ IN THA HOOD is PLAYING OVER -- A STACK of VINYL RECORDS moves through a PRESS. A machine STAMPS a RED LABEL onto the MIDDLE. CLOSE ON the RED RUTH LABEL -- BOYZ N THA HOOD. IN THE RECEIVING AREA, EAZY picks up a couple BOXES of RECORDS. He PAYS for them, and hauls them away.
23) 0) text: BOYZ continues OVER -- Eazy emerges from a RUN-DOWN HOUSE, jogs across the stree his BUCKET, climbs inside, opens his STASH SPOT, stuffs a large WAD of CASH inside. A hustler is always hustlin --
25) 0) text: BOYZ continues as Eazy brings TWO BOXES of RECORDS to a S MEET BOOTH operated by STEVE YANO. Yano excitedly collect the two boxes, hands over some cash. Deal done. Before Ea can even bounce, some KIDS bumrush Yano for copies --
27) 0) text: Eazy pays for another couple boxes of records. Grabs them
27) 3) dialog: Eric Wright.
27) 5) dialog: About what?
28) 0) text: Jerry at his desk, Eazy on the ratty couch. Eazy lets his eyes wander around the shabby office. The sad furniture, old and irrelevant posters on the walls.
28) 3) text: Just good? Why you call me in here then -- Eazy gets up and heads for the door -- JERRY
28) 4) text: No-no-no, hang on. (beat) I thought it was exceptional. Please, sit back down. Eazy indulges Jerry. Sits back down and stares, cold, unreadable. Jerry rubs his eyes, frustrated, his regular spiel isn't having its usual effect. JERRY (CONT'D)
28) 5) text: Let's try this again. As a music manager, let me tell you what I can do for you, Eric -- EAZY
28) 7) text: You think because I don't have some flashy office, that means I don't know what I'm talking about? Elton John, War, Styx, REO Speedwagon -- EAZY
28) 8) text: You manage anybody this decade? Jerry leans on his elbows on the desk, cocks his head at Eazy. The balls on this kid. JERRY
28) 9) text: Let me tell you what I see. Lotta raw talent. Lotta braggadoccio. But if you think anyone's gonna talk to you, if you think anyone's gonna let you into the building where you might talk to somebody -- somebody who matters -- you're crazy. Eazy frowns, looks away -- JERRY (CONT'D)
28) 14) dialog: I got everything you need.
28) 16) text: No Whites Allowed? Eazy looks at Jerry. Cold as ice.
28) 17) dialog: "Niggas With Attitudes." The smile is wiped off Jerry's face immediately.
29) 0) text: 200 or so people lined up outside, waiting to get in. NWA POSTERS are stapled to walls in testament to guerilla marketing. Notice the profusion of PEOPLE present as -- Eazy and Ren pull into the lot, exit the car and heads inside, intoxicated by the sea of people.
30) 0) text: Eazy addresses the guys, all business.
30) 1) dialog: I asked everybody to wear something black today, `cause if we gonna be an All-Star group, we gotta look like an All-Star group. WE PULL BACK to reveal the GUYS -- Cube, Dre and Ren -- gathered around Eazy. A whole crew is there with them, to including DOC, Tyree and Jinx. And everybody's dressed in some type of BLACK L.A. RAIDERS GEAR, except Yella who approaches from the side wearing an old school purple &am L.A. KINGS jersey.
30) 2) dialog: Damn Yella! What happened?
30) 4) text: Man, kiss my ass, I ain't got no Raider gear.-- Are we gettin' paid to wear that shit? Eazy hits him in the face with a black t-shirt. EAZY
30) 7) text: Nah, Mr. Furley from "Three's Company." EAZY
30) 9) text: And then what-- How he get paid? EAZY
30) 11) text: (drink in hand) All managers don't get 20 mothafuckin' percent! EAZY
30) 17) text: Let me go and make sure they're all here. Jerry peels away and goes inside. Cube looks at Eazy. CUBE
30) 18) text: And you trust this dude? Cause he looks like a one of my old muthafuckin' history teachers. Eazy cocks his head at Cube. EAZY
30) 20) text: Yeah, I trust you. But that ain't what we talking about -- EAZY
30) 21) text: Just leave it up to me. I'll make sure everything is straight. Just have them raps cocked and loaded. Dre throws his arm around Eazy, puts a stop to it--
31) 12) text: Jerry, we're friends, but Compton? (laughs) I don't think so. Queens..? Maybe. But. If you find another Bon Jovi, you call me. The Exec brushes past Jerry and WALKS OUT. Jerry turns an sees that BRYAN TURNER is the only Exec still there. And WATCHING with wide eyes, overwhelmed while -- UP ON STAGE, EAZY tears into his verse -- EAZY
32) 10) dialog: Wuddup, Suge -- What you been up to, homie? Still out in Vegas?
32) 17) text: This is Eazy E and NWA. Guys, this is Bryan Turner. CUBE
32) 28) dialog: Gold?
34) 0) text: Dre runs his fingers on the knobs and levels of the mixin board. There's nowhere that he feels more at home. Eazy, Cube, Ren, Yella and Jerry are gather in the studio. Dre Inspired:
36) 3) text: Yeah, no doubt. Jerry and Eazy are discussing business. JERRY
36) 4) text: Our deal with Priority is done. I have the contracts for you to sign. Cube takes notice of Jerry and Eazy, looking up from anot beat-up notebook. JERRY (CONT'D)
36) 8) text: I appreciate that, man. (to Eazy) Eazy what's up with our deal. EAZY
37) 17) text: This is Torrance. You niggas supposed to be somewhere? EAZY
39) 2) dialog: (sly smile)
40) 0) text: STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON continues over -- EAZY and JERRY walk into the new RUTHLESS OFFICES...
42) 2) dialog: My days of selling anything out the trunk is over.
43) 5) text: What's wrong with that? Bryan, controversy's good -- It's gonna help us sell more records. But Jerry's distracted by Eazy carrying a big duffel bag.
43) 8) text: Have you lost your mind? You are not taking that on the bus. EAZY
43) 10) text: I'm not gonna let you take that arsenal on tour, Eric! Eazy squares off, crosses his arms.
43) 12) dialog: Let me? Jerry, you take care of the business, I'll take care of the rest.
44) 4) dialog: They had to buy all those albums to do that! More money in our pockets.
46) 6) dialog: (to the crowd) Where the fuck y'all at, Cincinnati!?
46) 41) text: Big Dude pulls up his SHIRT, PISTOL poking out of his waistband -- Dre SHOVES him back and SLAMS the door! Quic OPENS the DOOR to the adjacent room where -- 47pt3   ON THE OTHER SIDE There's a PARTY going on. EAZY, CUBE and REN are all part with GIRLS, most of whom aren't wearing any shirts. Titti are everywhere, booze flowing freely. YELLA's in the middle, FUCKING A GIRL on one of the beds.
46) 48) text: Eyes wide, Eazy quickly pulls the GUN DUFFEL out from und one of the beds, unzips it, fishes through and pulls out AK.
46) 50) text: But Eazy just grins, heads for the door. Opens it, PEEPS through the crack --
46) 51) dialog: Hey, you lookin' for Felicia?
46) 54) dialog: Yeah, she's in here. Problem is, my homeboy's got his dick in her mouth. Big Dude scowls, rests his hand on the butt of his pistol
46) 56) dialog: How bad you want Felicia now? The DUDES gape at Eazy a moment, then SCATTER, disappeari down the hallway. Eazy LAUGHS his ass off as Ren bolts ou 9mm in hand, ready for anything --
47) 0) text: Cube, Dre, Yella, Ren and D.O.C. stroll through, carrying bags of McDonalds. Cube's eyes drift over to the fancy FO STAR RESTAURANT across from the lobby where he can see Je and Eazy at a table inside, enjoying a lavish meal.
48) 2) text: For the sake of our children, I implore each of you to be unyielding and inflexible in your opposition to drugs. Our young people are helping us lead the way. Not long ago in Oakland, California, I was asked by a group of children what to do if they were offered drugs. And I answered, just say no. AT A TABLE NEARBY, Jerry and Eazy devour steaks and lobst sipping champagne. JERRY
48) 3) text: (concerned) Another one called-- said she was pregnant by you too. Eric, you gotta slow down. You can't fuck'em all... EAZY
48) 5) text: Yeah well, you start making a little money, problems come with it. EAZY
48) 7) text: Money problems are race neutral. But I'll help you through all of it. I'll put you in touch with -- Jerry's distracted by the sight of Cube marching towards table, bag of McDonald's still in hand. Smiles up at him. Eazy doesn't make eye contact. JERRY (CONT'D)
48) 11) dialog: Man, stop asking about them fuckin' contract. They're coming --
48) 18) dialog: Waiter! Another round over here...
51) 0) text: The BUS is parked in a nearly-empty PARKING LOT outside o lonesome, isolated GAS STATION. It's a dark, starless nig Dre shuffles slowly out of the station, in a daze, like h just awoke from a fucked-up dream. He walks over to the B But instead of getting on, he SITS DOWN on the pavement, filled with shock and disbelief. The sound of FOOTSTEPS as Ren, Yella, Cube, and Eazy exit bus, surround Dre. They can tell something is very wrong.
51) 3) text: My Moms called. Tyree. He's dead. Somebody killed my little brother... Shocked: "What?" "Hell naw!" "What happen?" are heard amo Cube, Eazy, Yella and Ren-- they crouch down next to Dre. sure what else to say or do. They wait for Dre to say mor DRE (CONT'D)
51) 5) text: Never told y'all, but when I was twelve, my sister got murdered by her own husband-- A fuckin' wanna be cop who couldn't make it in the academy. Life changed for me that day. Everything became serious-- EAZY
51) 8) text: Or it could've happened in another way. Can't blame yourself, Dre... Life has to end for all of us, but love don't. Feel me? Tyree is always gonna be with you. No matter what. Eazy moves closer. Slowly, he places a hand on Dre's head Rubs it. It's a bit startling -- Eazy's not one for tenderness. But it's clear he feels Dre's pain.
51) 10) dialog: Gonna be aiight, Dre... We with you. PULL BACK as the guys remain clustered around Dre. Lookin small, so vulnerable, crouched in front of the Bus, alone the parking lot. NWA against the world.
52) 0) text: In a suit, Dre stands beside Tyree's MEMORIAL WALL, his a draped around his heartbroken mother, Verna. She cries without end or apology, surrounded by family, including h other brother, WARREN G, plus Eazy, Cube, Ren and Yella. It's solemn and quiet. Dre remains stoic, staring hard, trying his best to remain strong for his mother. All memb of the band keep a close eye on him, as the pastor wraps his eulogy.
53) 11) text: Dre fights back tears of his own, the words he's longed t hear. As Verna slowly turns and walks away, Cube, Eazy, R and Yella surround him, brothers in arms. They walk out t Mausoleum.
53) 17) text: 55pt4   INT. TOUR BUS -- Yella watches porn next to Eazy who's grown bored...
53) 18) dialog: Man shut that off. Put on my shit.
53) 21) text: Eazy scans the magazine. Drinks it in, sly smile as we --
54) 0) text: Surrounded by GROUPIES, living the life, the GANG hangs b the pool. Odd looks are sent their way from snobby HOTEL GUESTS, a school of fish out of water as -- JERRY looks worried as he makes a bee-line toward the poo his trademark velvet sweat suit, LETTER in hand. He officiously hands it to Eazy, who scans it. Growls:
54) 1) dialog: The muthafuckin' FBI?
54) 11) dialog: We should all be happy, not worried. This is a gift, man. More free publicity for NWA. (waves letter)
54) 14) dialog: Do it, Jerry. Let everybody see this bullshit. Eazy gives the letter back to Jerry, who walks off, leavi the boys all hanging pool side. After a deliberative beat
56) 1) dialog: This is the auto-biography of the E, and if you ever fuck with me you'll get taken, by a stupid dope brotha who will smother, word to the motherfucka, straight outta Compton. The CROWD goes insane as the CHORUS PLAYS OUT. Like a God Eazy pimp strides off stage where Jerry awaits, all smile arms open as -- BACK ON STAGE, Cube, Dre, Yella and Ren are feeling defia CUBE addresses the amped CROWD:
57) 0) text: It's CHAOTIC. Tons of COPS, both UNIFORMED and UNDERCOVER SWARM as the Guys RACE past a LIVID Eazy and Jerry --
57) 1) dialog: What the fuck did you DO!? No time for answers, THEY RUN TOO. Jerry can't believe th cops are on their tails.
61) 9) dialog: We don't even have passports. Check the source.
64) 12) text: Cube, I thought you knew? Everyone else signed already. You're the only one who hasn't. Cube flips to the last page. The Signatory page. Sure eno there's EAZY's signature, DRE's, YELLA's, and REN's. Cube only shake his head with confusion, disappointment. CUBE
68) 3) text: Yeah, I'm tired of the games. Eazy puts everything on Jerry and Jerry puts everything on Eazy. They can have it. BRYAN
70) 0) text: The completed version of NIGGA YA LOVE TO HATE POUNDS out the SPEAKERS in DRE's ride as he pulls up to Eazy's crib.
71) 0) text: There's a PARTY going on at Eazy's huge new mansion, reminiscent of Scarface's estate. And the gang's all here everyone we know... except for Cube. Over by the poolside gazebo, JERRY talks with a troubled EAZY.
71) 1) dialog: Cube's record's in the Billboard top 20! Our shit never even came close to that. He's blowin' the fuck up --
71) 5) text: We've got D.O.C., we've got Michel'le, we've got Above the Law. We're moving up to the next level. EAZY
71) 6) text: We gotta keep Dre happy. Keep him motivated. Eazy looks over at DRE, across the pool -- He's DANCING w three drop-dead BEAUTIFUL GIRLS. Dre's smile is massive. clearly loves this sweet life. JERRY
71) 7) text: Look at him. You think he needs anymore motivation than that? EAZY
71) 9) text: You gotta stop worrying so much. Let me do the worrying for you. Fact is, Ren can write just as good as Cube. Maybe even better. Come over here a minute -- Eazy follows Jerry to a TABLE where he's set up a bunch o CHECKS and PAPERS, and he hands Eazy a PEN. JERRY (CONT'D)
71) 10) text: Need your autograph on these checks and a few other things. Just sign right here -- Eazy starts SIGNING, even though his eyes keep drifting o to the many WOMEN partying. Jerry GRINS, noticing how qui Eazy gets distracted. EAZY
71) 12) text: We're done. EAZY
71) 13) text: Thanks, Jerry. I'mma go fuck now. Jerry laughs, slaps Eazy on the back as he walks off, and stands there enjoying the sunshine, the pretty girls, the party vibe. His eyes wander to the PORCH, where --
74) 0) text: Dre, Eazy, Ren and Yella work on their follow-up album. D.O.C.'s here, too, drinking gin, straight, buzzing. IN THE BOOTH, Ren's recording REAL NIGGAZ...
74) 2) dialog: That's what I'm talkin' about. Cube ain't shit.
74) 5) dialog: That's why we gotta go hard at him. We gonna look like some bitches if we just take that shit.
74) 8) dialog: Man, why you gotta be drunk all the time? Get your shit together. D.O.C. keeps on walking, barking back:
75) 0) text: Eazy enjoys dinner with a lovely, put-together young woma TOMICA. She's nobody's groupie. She's serious, and smart.
75) 2) dialog: Only the special ones. (beat) Actually I've never been here before, but I heard it's good. (Jokingly)
75) 5) dialog: Excuse me, Miss Record Executive.
81) 4) text: You little maggot, Eazy E turned faggot. With your manager, fella, fuckin' MC Ren, Dr. Dre, and Yella. But if they were smart as me, Eazy E would be hangin' from a tree. With no vaseline, just a match and a little bit of gasoline. Light 'em up, burn 'em up, flame on. Til that Jheri curl is gone. On a permanent vacation, off the Massa plantation. Heard you both got the same bank account -- Dumb nigga, what you thinkin' about? Get rid of that Devil real simple: put a bullet in his temple. Cuz you can't be the Nigga 4 Life crew with a white Jew tellin' you what to do -- Jerry looks absolutely livid, while Eazy just looks caugh off guard. Jerry gets up and TURNS OFF the music -- YELLA
81) 6) text: Mothafucka got us! What we gonna do? I got my pen ready to serve that fool. Just say the word. Eazy is still trying to digest the track. JERRY
81) 7) text: We'll sue that worthless fuck. Defamation, libel... That anti- Semitic piece of shit, I'm gonna call up my friends at the J.D.L. and we'll see how he likes that, little bastard. (off Eazy's despondent look) Eric, come on, we gotta get organized here, we gotta fight --
81) 9) dialog: Stop it, Jerry. Relax man. Niggas don't know what anti-Semitic means - - It's just a battle rap.
81) 12) dialog: I heard it, Jerry. You deal with it your way, I'll deal with it mine. All we got to do is hit the studio and end this boy career.
81) 16) dialog: Who you see sitting in the big chair mothafucka?! Eazy re-establishes that he's the top dog at Ruthless.
84) 2) dialog: Least they got it on video. LAPD gonna have a real good time on that level 3 prison yard, know what I mean?
86) 0) text: Eazy sits alone in the studio, listening to some NEW TRAC It's late, and there's nobody else around as -- Dre comes in through the door, holding the FILE from Suge Eazy notices the file, along with Dre's nervous energy.
86) 1) dialog: So, what'd you wanna see me about? Sounded all worked up on the phone. Dre sits down across from him, full of purpose, fired up.
86) 3) dialog: Is that seriously the reason you wanted to talk? I thought we were past all that --
86) 5) dialog: You know why you rich, Dre? You know why you live in a big ass house and don't sleep on a couch no more? Do you know why you fuck the finest bitches? That's Jerry, dude. He broke us through the door. He made this shit happen, and you wanna turn on him just like Cube --
86) 11) dialog: You think that's right, turning your back on somebody? After all he's done for us?
86) 15) dialog: Thought you were mine, too. Dre walks out the door -- SLAMS it so hard, the walls sha A platinum NWA record slides off the wall, breaks on the floor. Eazy FLINCHES, even though he wishes he didn't.
87) 0) text: Ren and Yella enter to find Eazy on the mixing board, mor than a little out of his element. They look at one anothe confused -- Clearly, something's up.
87) 4) dialog: Man, fuck Dre. They've finally got Eazy's undivided but heated attention
87) 6) dialog: Why don't y'all ask him.
87) 8) dialog: That nigga quit. So nah, he ain't comin'. But fuck it, we gonna keep this shit movin'. Don't need that punk anyway... Disbelief washes across Ren and Yella's faces as we --
89) 0) text: The PHONE RINGS. Eazy answers --
89) 1) dialog: Hello?
89) 3) dialog: Talk to Jerry.
90) 0) text: Parked across the street, Eazy looks at the building, not happy about it. Enemy territory. He opens up his STASH BO a hidden panel below the radio. There's a PISTOL inside. reaches in, puts his hand around it. Hesitates, hearing - A DISTANT POLICE SIREN. Pulls his hand away, leaves the piece. He hops out of the car, walks toward --
91) 0) text: Eazy enters the Studio, sees only SUGE sitting there, smo a cigar, petting his DOG. He comes further into the room, peeks around, looking for --
91) 1) dialog: Where the hell is Dre? You said he'd be here --
91) 4) dialog: Whatever homie. You think I'm signing that shit, you crazier then I thought. I'm out -- Eazy just laughs, heads for the door. But before he gets there, it OPENS, revealing -- A LARGE DUDE wearing Blood-Red. He enters the studio, cro his arms. A massive barrier.
91) 6) text: Naw. I think you gonna stay awhile. SLAM! Eazy SPINS to see TWO MORE BLOODS entering through side door. One of them holds a metal BASEBALL BAT. The ot has a SHOTGUN dangling at his side. Eazy now realizes he's just walked into a straight-up buz saw. But he shows no fear. He puffs his chest out. EAZY
91) 7) text: Fuck you, Suge. I ain't scared of none you niggas, cuzz! Suge just stares at Eazy a long uncomfortable while. SUGE
91) 8) text: You can talk tough all you want-- but this ain't no record. (heart attack serious) Don't make me change you, Eric Wright. EAZY
91) 11) text: Just let me murder this Crab, Suge. Suge stands, eyes cold, black, as the THUGS moves behind Eazy. SUGE
91) 12) text: Naw. That's too easy. (to Eazy) I got a whole night planned for you if you don't sign them release forms. Eazy's eyes shoot to the Blood, back to Suge. SUGE (CONT'D)
91) 13) text: It could happen quick, Eric. Or it could take a long, long time. You better choose right. Because you know where I come from. This Bompton nigga! EAZY'S FACE can't hide his fear anymore. Or his anger.
91) 15) dialog: (so quiet, to himself)
91) 16) text: Dirty mothafucka... WHAP! A large HAND falls on Eazy's SHOULDER -- pushing hi hard down in a chair.
92) 0) text: Eazy sits slumped in a chair, drinking a beer next to the pool. His eyes look hard, flat, broken somehow -- CLICK! THERE'S A GUN TO HIS HEAD, revealing -- JERRY, in his BATHROBE looking freaked out, holding the g He immediately LOWERS it.
93) 0) text: Eazy follows Jerry into the kitchen as Jerry pulls some leftovers from the fridge. Slides them over to Eazy. But isn't interested. Instead, he pulls out a bag of weed. Ro a joint, lights it. Takes a long drag -- Exhales a lot mo than just smoke...
93) 2) dialog: I gotta kill that mothafucka, Suge. I just wanted you to know that shit's about to get thick around here.
93) 4) dialog: I didn't come over here to ask you - - I came to tell you.
93) 8) text: You do that, it's gonna ruin everything we've built -- Eazy suddenly SNAPS into intense anger -- EAZY
93) 9) text: I have to do it! This is the streets, muthafucka! I don't have a choice! He came at me! He came at us. We don't hit back, it's over! Done! Put a fork in this shit! Jerry closes his eyes, takes a breath. Tries to keep his relaxed, so that he can, in turn, relax Eazy. JERRY
93) 10) text: Eric. Listen to me. I never said we won't hit back. But this isn't Compton. We don't hit back with bullets. We do it with lawyers. We drain those assholes. Eazy calms down a little bit. EAZY
93) 11) text: I don't care about the money, Jerry. Ain't about the money. Jerry puts a fatherly hand on Eazy's shoulder. Looks at h JERRY
93) 12) text: Of course it is. You're smarter than those criminals. You wanna kill somebody? Then you'll be in prison, forever. No more family. No more Ruthless. No more anything. Eazy stares back at Jerry. JERRY (CONT'D)
93) 13) text: If you kill this man. His problems are over and yours are just beginning -- Lets hit 'em where it really hurts. Eazy is more conflicted then ever before --
94) 0) text: Through the darkness we see movement. It's Eazy. He moves a slow and laborious fashion as he enters -- THE BEDROOM where Tomica sleeps in their bed, safely tang in sheets. Eazy doesn't even bother shedding his clothes. Simply slumps closer, sliding quietly under the covers. Without a word, she wraps Eazy in an embrace.
97) 6) text: Too much outside interference -- Eazy and Jerry tryin' to starve me out. Playin' games with my money. Tryin' to get me back in there on my hands and knees --
99) 0) text: Tapdancing for a slightly fatigued Eazy, Jerry tries hard convince him that --
99) 2) dialog: Yeah? How you figure?
99) 5) dialog: Do you really believe that bullshit? All I know is Cube's doin' big things, makin' movies and shit. And I keep hearin' about this album Dre workin' on --
102) 0) text: Jerry turns the volume up as Eazy plops down on the couch beside him --
102) 3) dialog: Sorry? We all ought to be sorry... (then)
102) 4) text: We had them on tape -- we had their asses on tape. Eazy continues to watch, pained and perplexed, as we see
105) 0) text: Eazy cruises down Sunset. He looks older, more anguished.
106) 0) text: Times are hard. Eazy's not ballin' like he was. Surrounde MOVING BOXES and basic studio equipment, a few HOMIES do their thing on the board, the makings of NEIGHBORHOOD SNI playing, as Eazy, Ren and Yella huddle over -- THREE HUGE, ONE-POUND BAGS OF WEED sit on the coffee tabl They divide them into smaller BAGS.
106) 2) text: So all this weed. It's for your Ruthless artists? EAZY
106) 4) text: Maybe you should think about diversifying into my kinda shit. There's money in there, too. Eazy laughs, shakes his head. EAZY
106) 5) text: What, makin' pornos? No thanks, man. That's your thing. I'll stick with this music shit. Once my new album right here's done, I'mma be fine -- Eazy starts COUGHING. It doesn't sound great. REN
106) 6) text: You all right, man? EAZY
106) 8) text: Eric -- Jerry enters. Approaches Eazy. JERRY (CONT'D)
106) 9) text: Can you come by my office? I need you to sign some checks -- But Eazy doesn't even look up at Jerry. EAZY
106) 11) text: Eric -- But Eazy just keeps ignoring him. Annoyed, Jerry exits --
116) 0) text: Tomica and Eazy lie in bed together. He stares at the ceiling, and she runs her hand soothingly down his arm.
116) 1) dialog: I feel like I don't know what I'm doin' anymore. I don't even know where the money's going. Tomica props herself up on her elbow, looks at him.
116) 4) dialog: Okay. After New York. Workin' on that International Distribution with Sony. Jerry don't know about that. I wanna keep it that way. Tomica nods, smiles. Encouraged he has a plan again.
118) 0) text: ICE CUBE sits in a BOOTH, surrounded by friends, label-ex and hangers-on. It's pretty clear that Cube is a huge celebrity at this point. He even has some big, unsmiling THUGS (The Lench Mob) standing close. Cube, mid-conversation, suddenly STOPS talking... Because SEES that EAZY-E is entering the VIP with 2 HUGE SAMOANS, making his way over.
118) 2) text: Heads up y'all. This lil nigga might wanna do something. Cube stands up -- ready for whatever. Eazy and his Bodyguards arrives at the booth. There's a t silence -- almost a stand off before anyone speaks. Every looks to them, seeing how they're gonna react. After all, these two have dissed each other, ferociously and publicl for years. Still, Eazy gives Cube a friendly, vaguely submissive smile.
118) 3) dialog: Relax everybody. Just came in the club-- heard you were over here.
118) 7) dialog: I don't need shit. Out here with Bone Thugs-- Was just in the neighborhood. Wanted to say wassup. The tension between the sides eases up a bit, but not completely. They both stand there, neither sure what to s to the other.
118) 8) dialog: Saw your movie. It was good. Cube slowly smiles. Knows that wasn't easy for Eazy.
118) 10) dialog: Missed you, boy.
118) 12) dialog: Guess it all happened like it was supposed to. You a movie star-- I'm a music mogul. Dre. Well Dre is tripping right now, but he's doing his thang. Just wanted to come over here and put something on your mind.. Cube is curious.
119) 0) text: The club has mostly emptied out. Only a few die-hards rem as we find Cube and Eazy slumped over their table, loose alcohol. The vibe is cool, friendly, like the old days. B we notice Eazy has a subtle, persistent COUGH...
119) 1) dialog: I wish all that bullshit never happen between us.
119) 5) text: Never should've dissed each other in the first place. Made our fans choice between us. That ain't cool. EAZY
119) 7) text: Nope. I was reminiscing with my wife the other day. What it felt like-- In the beginning. We were so young and ferocious. Doing music straight for the hood. Trying to be ghetto stars... I thought I knew everything back then -- But I didn't know shit. EAZY
119) 9) text: Yeah. I get it. Everything changes so fast. Feels like it was 20 years ago. If we were still together do you know how large we'd be? They both sit there, thinking about that shit, amazed. EAZY
119) 11) text: I'd be lyin' if I said I never thought about it. Eazy's eyes flash. That's what he was hoping to hear.
119) 13) dialog: Me too, Cube. Been thinkin' about it a lot. (beat) Be like 1989 again. We changed the world forever. Mothafuckas can never go back to that fake shit after us. It gets no realer then NWA. No matter what... After a quick thought.
119) 15) dialog: I hear you. An EMPLOYEE walks by, pushing a broom, glaring at them. I time to go. They both stand up.
119) 17) dialog: Naw, I'm cool. I wanna walk.
119) 20) dialog: I'm good. Hit me up later. Another HUG, this one last a little longer then normal. E doesn't say anything else. Just heads for the exit, witho looking back. Cube watches him go off into the cold night
120) 0) text: Eazy walks back to his hotel in the freezing cold, his ha jammed in his pockets. The wind blows mercilessly. Eazy i shivering like crazy. But he keeps walking. It's a longer walk than he thought. He tries to hail a ca but of course, none stop. He keeps trudging along, his br making clouds, through the lonesome pre-dawn City --
122) 0) text: Jerry has the PAPERS on the counter for Eazy's signature. something's different this time. Eazy doesn't just sign. Instead, he starts GATHERING the papers into a pile.
122) 2) dialog: I'mma take these home with me. I'll sign 'em. Get'em back to you in a couple days. Jerry looks alarmed.
122) 4) dialog: It's cool, Jerry. They're my bills, my checks. I mean look, my name's right there. Eazy grins at Jerry, points to his name on the checks.
122) 6) dialog: Don't worry so much, Jerry. I can handle it. Eazy picks up the pile of papers and heads for the door. Jerry stares after him, visibly shaken --
123) 0) text: Tomica watches on as Eazy finishes READING the immaculate organized PAPERS she's laid out for him. He puts them dow
123) 3) dialog: Cube tried to warn me. So did Dre. And I didn't listen. I fucked up. And we stay with Eazy a moment, reeling, pissed....
124) 0) text: Eazy walks into their familiar meeting place to find Jerr slumped at the table.
124) 3) dialog: This ain't about Tomica, Jerry. It's about you. And you really gotta stop acting like you never did anything wrong.
124) 5) dialog: Jerry, for real? You can stop givin' me advice. As of, like, now. I'm getting NWA back together. It's happening. But you ain't gonna have nothing to do with it this time. Jerry's voice starts to RAISE in volume, desperation grow
124) 11) dialog: Trust. God damn, that's a word. Let me tell you somethin', Jerry. Trust is a muthafucka. Jerry is now full-on YELLING at Eric, who remains calm.
124) 13) dialog: You're fired, Jerry. Jerry, who is now beet-red, starts to BELLOW with rage --
126) 0) text: Chilling by his modest pool, Eazy looks worn but determin
126) 1) dialog: Just felt like callin' -- Dre is still vaguely mystified, at a loss.
126) 4) dialog: You know. Doin' my thing. Makin records. Killin' all that pussy out there. Seated a few feet away from Eazy, Tomica rolls her eyes.
126) 5) dialog: How about you?
126) 7) dialog: That Snoop record you did was big. 850,000 copies in the first week?! Congratulations on the success of that.
126) 9) dialog: Well look, I know you're busy, but I talked to Cube, and we were, like, talkin' about some... possibilities. Dre gets up, walks around the edge of his pool, processin
126) 11) dialog: And by the way, if you ain't heard-- I ain't fuckin' with Jerry Heller no more. Nigga's fired. Something in those words causes Dre to soften... a bit.
126) 13) dialog: Listen man, I know everything got messed up and went the wrong way. I wish it didn't. I wish we can go back to the days of Skateland when we were all just young, hungry and ferocious. The world's most dangerous group. Before all the money and fame got between us.
126) 15) dialog: So you think maybe, we can make somethin' happen?
126) 17) dialog: Fair enough. They both hang up. Eazy turns to Tomica, big smile.
126) 18) dialog: Everybody's all in. NWA is back!
127) 0) text: Ren and Yella work the kinks out of a dope new beat -- To enters, Eazy in tow, looking a bit sluggish.
127) 6) dialog: I don't know. Hopefully soon. Let's just get ready. New NWA gonna change the game, just like back in the day --
127) 9) dialog: Yeah. Just. Like. Need some fresh air, somethin' -- PANIC flashes in his eyes as he moves toward the door, suddenly CRUMPLES TO THE FLOOR, out cold --
129) 0) text: Eazy lies in a propped-up hospital bed, watching TV. He doesn't look ill, just annoyed with the situation. Tomica sits in a chair beside him, flipping through a magazine. A young DOCTOR walks in, carrying a chart. He looks troub preoccupied. His eyes dart from Tomica... to Eazy.
129) 3) text: Yes, well, it is those things... and more, I'm afraid... We ran a full blood battery and -- (beat) Mr. Wright, I'm sorry but you've tested positive for the HIV virus. Tomica reflexively stands, her hand over her mouth. Eazy squints, smiles, looks at the Doctor like he's crazy. EAZY
129) 5) text: The normal T-cell count is anywhere between 500 and 1500. Right now, your T-cell count is... 14. Tomica just stands there, mouth agape, speechless. Eazy's smile slowly fades to a look of pure dread. EAZY
129) 7) text: Mr. Wright, there are actually quite a few ways that the virus can be transmitted -- EAZY
129) 9) text: We've actually run the test five times, with five different samples... and the results remain -- Tomica suddenly lets out a choked CRY, runs from the room Eazy watches her go, overwhelmed, confused... and then, a at once, he gets it. Voice trembles a little. EAZY
129) 11) text: No. Not necessarily. But we'll need to test her, too. EAZY
129) 14) dialog: I got work to do. How long's it gonna take to get me healthy again? The Doctor looks at Eazy, struggles a bit. He pulls up a chair, sits down next to the bed.
129) 16) dialog: But I don't even feel that bad...
129) 18) dialog: Comfortable? What you mean comfortable? Six months!?
132) 0) text: Tomica sits in a chair pulled right beside Eazy's bed. Th hold hands, look at each other. They've both been crying.
132) 1) dialog: Just glad you're okay. You and the baby. Tomica takes his hand, kisses it, cries.
132) 3) dialog: Yo.
132) 5) text: Eazy! What the fuck, cuz? People been sayin' some crazy shit. Like you got AIDS or somethin'? Can you believe that? Muthafuckin' Eazy-E got AIDS? Niggas be starting too many rumors, huh? SILENCE. Ren is hit with the reality as Eazy TURNS OFF th phone -- Sticks it in the bedside table drawer. It's pret clear he's never gonna turn it on again.
134) 0) text: Tomica and Yella stand by Eazy's bedside. Eazy looks drai depressed. Various members of Eazy's FAMILY are also pres Yella holds a CASSETTE in his hand.
134) 2) dialog: Put it on the table. I'll listen later. Thanks for stoppin' through. Hit you when I get outta here. Yella nods sadly, places the cassette on the bedside tabl and exits. Handwritten on the cover, it says BONE.
135) 0) text: Tomica sits holding Eazy's hand, staring at him with haun eyes. RON SWEENEY stands in the background, along with Ea Family. Someone else is there now, too. A PASTOR.
135) 2) dialog: Please. It's gotta happen, baby. I'm having my surgery tomorrow, so it has to happen now. Because I might not. Wake up. Eazy's clearly struggling to come to terms with this.
135) 4) text: Don't say that. EAZY
135) 6) text: It's so... fucked up -- EAZY
135) 7) text: Hey. Listen to me. It doesn't matter what people think. They don't know. They don't understand. There's no other way. Please. I know it's not the way you pictured it. You deserve better. He reaches out, puts his hand on her stomach. EAZY (CONT'D)
135) 8) text: But if we don't do this, I won't be able to protect either of you. After looking deep into Eazy's eyes -- He needs her. TOMICA
135) 9) text: Okay. I love you, Eric. Ron steps forward, followed by the FAMILY, who gather aro Eazy's bed. Finally, the PASTOR, who smiles kindly at the PASTOR
135) 10) text: Are we ready? Tomica and Eazy nod their heads yes. The Pastor reaches o holds Tomica's hand in one hand, Eazy's hand in the other PASTOR (CONT'D)
135) 11) text: Tomica Woods, do you take Eric Wright to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold... Tomica tries not to cry, but it's impossible. The tears f and all she can do is wipe them away. Eazy won't stop loo at Tomica. Like she's the last thing he'll ever see.
136) 0) text: Outside the Hospital, the VIGIL has grown in size. There' now about a HUNDRED PEOPLE standing outside. Holding cand Many of them are crying. Holding pictures of Eazy.
137) 0) text: DRE quietly enters the room, nobody in there except him a Eazy. He walks to the bed. Looks down at his friend, whom hasn't seen in four years: Eazy's eyes are closed, a RESPIRATOR doing his breathing for him. NOTE: The BONE TAPE is still sitting, untouched, on the bedside table. Eazy never got a chance to listen to it. Dre stands there, staring down, in this extended, surreal moment. He bends down, so his mouth is close to Eazy's ea
137) 2) text: Yo, Eazy. Wanna tell you somethin'. I know you can hear me. I know you're still in there -- We PULL BACK, so WE CAN'T HEAR WHAT DRE IS SAYING. And we won't hear it, because that's between Dre &amp; Eazy. After a few moments, Dre stands up straight. Whatever he to say to Eazy, he's finished now. He walks to the door - On his way out, he passes TOMICA as she's coming in. He l at her. Then he looks at the ring on her finger. Walks aw without saying a word...
138) 0) text: A phalanx of POLICE guards the front entrance, preventing MOB OUTSIDE from getting in. OUTSIDE EAZY'S DOOR, find CUBE sitting in a chair. He spo DRE walking out, looking glazed. Cube gets up. They stand there looking at each other.
142) 0) text: A moment of quiet beauty. A TIME-LAPSE of the magnificent City of Los Angeles. From hazy, sun-blasted MORNING, to a explosively-hued SUNSET, into the electricity of NIGHT. We hear EAZY'S VOICE, one last time, through some of the final words he released to his fans.