27) 1) dialog: I heard your record. Eazy turns to find -- JERRY HELLER, a middle-aged guy in a velvet track suit. H face is craggy, seasoned, wise. He's got terrible posture but lively, hyper-alert eyes. He extends his hand to Eazy
27) 2) dialog: Jerry Heller.
27) 4) dialog: Pleasure to meet you. Would it be possible to have a word with you, Eric?
28) 0) text: Jerry at his desk, Eazy on the ratty couch. Eazy lets his eyes wander around the shabby office. The sad furniture, old and irrelevant posters on the walls.
28) 1) dialog: I thought your record was good.
28) 3) text: Just good? Why you call me in here then -- Eazy gets up and heads for the door -- JERRY
28) 4) text: No-no-no, hang on. (beat) I thought it was exceptional. Please, sit back down. Eazy indulges Jerry. Sits back down and stares, cold, unreadable. Jerry rubs his eyes, frustrated, his regular spiel isn't having its usual effect. JERRY (CONT'D)
28) 6) text: Maybe I'm the one who can do somethin' for you. JERRY
28) 8) text: You manage anybody this decade? Jerry leans on his elbows on the desk, cocks his head at Eazy. The balls on this kid. JERRY
28) 9) text: Let me tell you what I see. Lotta raw talent. Lotta braggadoccio. But if you think anyone's gonna talk to you, if you think anyone's gonna let you into the building where you might talk to somebody -- somebody who matters -- you're crazy. Eazy frowns, looks away -- JERRY (CONT'D)
28) 12) dialog: But you're gonna have to believe in me like I believe in you. If you don't think you can do that... Eazy doesn't budge. Satisfied, Jerry continues --
28) 13) dialog: You got more music for me?
28) 15) dialog: Good, cause you're gonna have to follow this up. So what does N.W.A. stand for anyway? (with a smile)
28) 16) text: No Whites Allowed? Eazy looks at Jerry. Cold as ice.
30) 5) text: Put this on. As YELLA starts to change shirts, Jerry Heller comes arou the corner talking to the promoter, nothing hip-hop about at all. CUBE
30) 12) text: Doc, shut yo drunk ass up. You don't know the music business. DOC take another sip. Jerry joins the group.
30) 15) text: "Nibbles"..? What's that mean? Jerry pauses a beat, finding the best response. JERRY HELLER
30) 16) text: Here's the thing. You guys can make a real record. Sell it nationwide. But we're not there yet. These labels, they're still gonna need some... convincing. So I invited a few of them to your show. So you have to kick ass tonight. Can you do that? The guys stare back at Jerry, with the fire in their eyes Goddamn right they can do it -- "Hell yeah!" JERRY HELLER (CONT'D)
30) 17) text: Let me go and make sure they're all here. Jerry peels away and goes inside. Cube looks at Eazy. CUBE
31) 0) text: We see the PACKED MASS of the CROWD, crammed together, ha in the air, SCREAMING, even though nothing's happened yet The stage is pitch black as we see the silhouettes of NWA members manning their battle stations. More screams and anticipation from the crowd. At the BACK of the room, we see JERRY HELLER beside THREE nervous-looking RECORD EXECS. One of them -- BRYAN TURNER glances around warily at the inner-city CROWD.
31) 2) dialog: Try not to look so scared, Bryan. They smell it on ya, you're finished. Turner FREEZES and his eyes go wide -- Jerry LAUGHS.
31) 3) dialog: Relax. You're in for a real treat! Just then, the STAGE LIGHTS come on, and NWA IS ON STAGE, spread out in FORMATION, in their BLACK RAIDERS GEAR. DRE YELLA man FOUR TURNTABLES and 2 mixers --
31) 12) text: Jerry, we're friends, but Compton? (laughs) I don't think so. Queens..? Maybe. But. If you find another Bon Jovi, you call me. The Exec brushes past Jerry and WALKS OUT. Jerry turns an sees that BRYAN TURNER is the only Exec still there. And WATCHING with wide eyes, overwhelmed while -- UP ON STAGE, EAZY tears into his verse -- EAZY
32) 14) text: You never know what you need until you need it. Somewhat of an uncomfortable pause of dead air. JERRY rounds the corner, sweating through his misshapen s along with BRYAN TURNER. SUGE (CONT'D)
32) 15) text: I just came back here to give ya'll your props. I got my people out here waiting on me. But I'll be around. Suge exits... as DOC clocks his flavor-- our attend goes Jerry and Bryan. JERRY
32) 16) text: That was quite a show, gentlemen. Nice job. Very, very nice. They all keep STARING at him, waiting. Jerry grins, enjoy stretching out this moment. JERRY (CONT'D)
32) 18) text: (brazenly) Ice Cube, `Sup? JERRY
32) 21) text: That'll work. Priority Records? I'm not familiar with your label. What artist do you got over there? Bryan looks at Jerry, who folds his arms, chin on his che
32) 29) dialog: Yep, almost platinum. Bryan has a great distribution platform. This is the perfect time for Jerry Heller to seal the dea
34) 0) text: Dre runs his fingers on the knobs and levels of the mixin board. There's nowhere that he feels more at home. Eazy, Cube, Ren, Yella and Jerry are gather in the studio. Dre Inspired:
36) 3) text: Yeah, no doubt. Jerry and Eazy are discussing business. JERRY
36) 4) text: Our deal with Priority is done. I have the contracts for you to sign. Cube takes notice of Jerry and Eazy, looking up from anot beat-up notebook. JERRY (CONT'D)
36) 6) text: Thanks, Jerry. JERRY
36) 9) text: Jerry handles that. Cube looks at Jerry. JERRY
36) 10) text: The lawyers just started drawing them up. Before Cube can respond, Tyree enters the room as Jerry e the room. Tyree pulls Dre aside. TYREE
37) 24) text: Shut your hole! The whole group is getting frisked one by one. Until Jerr Heller comes to the rescue. JERRY
37) 26) text: Step back sir! Just making sure these thugs are clean! Jerry keeps coming. JERRY
37) 27) text: These are not thugs, they're artists! As Jerry gets into the officers face, we see the contrast the black guys face down on the ground with the Cops and Jerry's shoes standing over them talking. TORRANCE COP 1
37) 28) text: Artists? What kind of artists? JERRY
37) 30) text: Rappers? Rap is not art. It's jungle music. And who are you supposed to be? JERRY
40) 0) text: STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON continues over -- EAZY and JERRY walk into the new RUTHLESS OFFICES...
42) 1) dialog: This is only the tip of the iceberg, fellas. The days of selling records out of your trunk are a thing of the past, Eric.
43) 0) text: All the GROUP MEMBERS saying goodbye to their FAMILY, FRIENDS. JERRY's there, too, along with Bryan Turner.
43) 2) text: So, are you going out with them? JERRY
43) 4) text: Well make sure everything goes smooth, okay? I have enough bad press with Tipper Gore and P.M.R.C. on my ass. I'm gonna have to put Parental Advisory stickers on all the records from now on -- JERRY HELLER
43) 5) text: What's wrong with that? Bryan, controversy's good -- It's gonna help us sell more records. But Jerry's distracted by Eazy carrying a big duffel bag.
43) 6) dialog: Excuse me. Jerry sidles up to EAZY, who is carrying a big, heavy, clattering DUFFEL. JERRY (CONT'D)
43) 7) text: What ya got in there, Mr. Wright? Eric grins, sets down the duffel -- CLUNK -- and unzips i Jerry's eyes bug. The duffel is full of GUNS, big and sma a Kevlar vest, a hockey mask. All things trouble. JERRY (CONT'D)
43) 9) text: Yeah we are. How we supposed to protect ourselves out there, Jerry? In fuckin' Texas? And Tennessee? They lynch niggas down there -- JERRY
48) 2) text: For the sake of our children, I implore each of you to be unyielding and inflexible in your opposition to drugs. Our young people are helping us lead the way. Not long ago in Oakland, California, I was asked by a group of children what to do if they were offered drugs. And I answered, just say no. AT A TABLE NEARBY, Jerry and Eazy devour steaks and lobst sipping champagne. JERRY
48) 4) text: Yeah, I know. (Deep breathe) All these chicks want is money. If I was broke, they're wouldn't even be calling. JERRY
48) 6) text: White people problems? JERRY
48) 7) text: Money problems are race neutral. But I'll help you through all of it. I'll put you in touch with -- Jerry's distracted by the sight of Cube marching towards table, bag of McDonald's still in hand. Smiles up at him. Eazy doesn't make eye contact. JERRY (CONT'D)
48) 9) text: What's the deal on them contracts, Jerry? I'm still waitin' on 'em...
48) 12) dialog: It's all right, Eric. Cube's right to ask, and I'm remiss in not updating you guys. (to Cube)
48) 15) dialog: Everybody knows how important you are, Cube. Just give us a little more time. Cube glances at Eazy, who's like a statue. Cube picks up Eazy's champagne glass, drains it, sets it back down.
48) 17) dialog: He wants to be you so freaking bad. This kid has issues. At some point, you gotta trust somebody... But Eazy's not paying attention. Waving to a passing wait
53) 20) dialog: Moving up on the Billboard 200 albums chart, Holding our bullet the R&amp;B, Hip-Hop chart. I mean, you have any idea how many records we're selling? Ruthless has arrived. Eric, we are huge!
54) 0) text: Surrounded by GROUPIES, living the life, the GANG hangs b the pool. Odd looks are sent their way from snobby HOTEL GUESTS, a school of fish out of water as -- JERRY looks worried as he makes a bee-line toward the poo his trademark velvet sweat suit, LETTER in hand. He officiously hands it to Eazy, who scans it. Growls:
54) 6) dialog: It's a warning. A message to our record label about "Fuck the Police". We should really think about not performing that song for a while.
54) 8) dialog: (over their PROTESTS)
54) 12) text: That's why we gonna send this to the press. Let everybody know about this kind of harassment and intimidation by the government. Right, Jerry? Jerry does not think this is the best idea ever but...
54) 13) dialog: Well, uh. If that's what you wanna do, then maybe we --
57) 0) text: It's CHAOTIC. Tons of COPS, both UNIFORMED and UNDERCOVER SWARM as the Guys RACE past a LIVID Eazy and Jerry --
58) 6) dialog: You have no right! This is illegal! You can't do this -- But the Detroit Cops don't give a shit, they SLAM Jerry u against a wall, hold him there.
60) 0) text: Silence, save the rumble of the road. Everyone sits by himself, semi-secluded. Nobody talks. They all just stare the windows, embroiled in thought. Exhausted. Shell-shock Jerry watches a NEWS REPORT on the riot at the Detroit sh
60) 1) dialog: What the fuck were you guys thinking? They can hold us libel for inciting a riot! No one cares that the police started it... Dre, Ren and Yella start paying attention as Eazy switche channels. Finds another report about the riot. And anothe And another. Images blurring by of the concert.
60) 2) dialog: Whether you like it or not, you are a political group. Never give these assholes a reason to hurt you. Next time they might take it. The guys watch, realizing that they're becoming a part of zeitgeist. No longer in the news, they are the news.
64) 0) text: Cube enters the dark room. At the far end of the room, there's a DESK, with a lone LAMP illuminated, casting wei creepy shadows across the room. And JERRY HELLER sits behind the desk, his face mostly obscured in shadow. Cube grins, bemused, because this tab is clearly deliberate, a dramatic show of power.
64) 1) dialog: It's nice to see you, Cube.
64) 3) dialog: I know you've been very eager to sign a contract with Eric's company, Ruthless Records.
64) 5) dialog: That's incorrect. It's not my company. I work for you. I've made that clear from the beginning. Cube just nods, like, yeah right. Picks up the thick contract, pages through it. It's full of dense legalese.
64) 7) dialog: Cube, lawyers get paid to make trouble. That's what they do -- create problems where problems don't exist.
64) 9) text: But I have no idea what it says. At least let me take it to show my family. JERRY
64) 11) text: Jerry, you know I can't understand this legal shit. None of us can. That's why we need to show it to a lawyer-- JERRY
64) 13) text: What the fuck..? JERRY
64) 14) text: Look. Cube. This is a great thing. This is what you always wanted your whole life. And there's also this. Jerry lays a CHECK on the desk in front of Cube, made out O'SHEA JACKSON. And it's for $75,000. Cube can't help it, eyes go wide. It's more money than he ever dreamed of. CUBE
64) 15) text: Damn. (beat) Thanks, man. He reaches for the check, but Jerry pulls it back. JERRY
64) 17) text: That's my money anyway, Jerry. I earned it. I wrote a lot of hit songs. I been on tour for months. (MORE)
64) 20) dialog: That's ridiculous.
64) 22) dialog: You're kidding me, right? Who do you think pays for everything? All the hotel rooms, the parties, the transpo? You think that's free? Cube closes his eyes. Takes a deep breath. He must litera will himself to not implant his fist in Jerry's face.
64) 24) dialog: Nothing's a sure thing, Cube. Even a great talent can crash and burn. Too much ego, too much excess, too many expectations -- it tends to ruin things. You oughta keep that in mind. Cube stares hard. Knows exactly what Jerry's implying.
68) 3) text: Yeah, I'm tired of the games. Eazy puts everything on Jerry and Jerry puts everything on Eazy. They can have it. BRYAN
71) 0) text: There's a PARTY going on at Eazy's huge new mansion, reminiscent of Scarface's estate. And the gang's all here everyone we know... except for Cube. Over by the poolside gazebo, JERRY talks with a troubled EAZY.
71) 2) dialog: It's gonna be fine, Eric. It's not just NWA anymore, it's our whole Ruthless roster.
71) 6) text: We gotta keep Dre happy. Keep him motivated. Eazy looks over at DRE, across the pool -- He's DANCING w three drop-dead BEAUTIFUL GIRLS. Dre's smile is massive. clearly loves this sweet life. JERRY
71) 8) text: Yeah I get it. He drownin' in pussy. But that don't mean -- JERRY
71) 9) text: You gotta stop worrying so much. Let me do the worrying for you. Fact is, Ren can write just as good as Cube. Maybe even better. Come over here a minute -- Eazy follows Jerry to a TABLE where he's set up a bunch o CHECKS and PAPERS, and he hands Eazy a PEN. JERRY (CONT'D)
71) 10) text: Need your autograph on these checks and a few other things. Just sign right here -- Eazy starts SIGNING, even though his eyes keep drifting o to the many WOMEN partying. Jerry GRINS, noticing how qui Eazy gets distracted. EAZY
71) 11) text: We done with this shit now? JERRY
71) 13) text: Thanks, Jerry. I'mma go fuck now. Jerry laughs, slaps Eazy on the back as he walks off, and stands there enjoying the sunshine, the pretty girls, the party vibe. His eyes wander to the PORCH, where --
81) 0) text: NO VASELINE CONTINUES over -- Jerry and N.W.A., minus Dre and D.O.C., listen to the tra faces grimaced:
81) 3) text: ... So don't believe what Ren say, cause he goin out like Kunta Kinte. But I got a whip for ya, Toby; used to be my homie, now you act like you don't know me -- But Cube has saved the best for last. He unleashes upon E and JERRY, who LISTEN intently, jaws dropped. CUBE (ON TRACK) (CONT'D)
81) 4) text: You little maggot, Eazy E turned faggot. With your manager, fella, fuckin' MC Ren, Dr. Dre, and Yella. But if they were smart as me, Eazy E would be hangin' from a tree. With no vaseline, just a match and a little bit of gasoline. Light 'em up, burn 'em up, flame on. Til that Jheri curl is gone. On a permanent vacation, off the Massa plantation. Heard you both got the same bank account -- Dumb nigga, what you thinkin' about? Get rid of that Devil real simple: put a bullet in his temple. Cuz you can't be the Nigga 4 Life crew with a white Jew tellin' you what to do -- Jerry looks absolutely livid, while Eazy just looks caugh off guard. Jerry gets up and TURNS OFF the music -- YELLA
81) 6) text: Mothafucka got us! What we gonna do? I got my pen ready to serve that fool. Just say the word. Eazy is still trying to digest the track. JERRY
81) 10) dialog: (still hopping mad)
81) 14) dialog: Well call Dre and you guys go do it! And Jerry storms out, leaving the crew behind --
82) 0) text: Jerry pulls into his driveway, gets out of the car, carry a bag of groceries, starts walking toward the door. He he a CAR DOOR SLAM, and he TURNS, sees a gleaming-new EL CAM parked across the street. A very large BLACK MAN we haven seen before has emerged, and is walking toward him. The Man STOPS about fifteen feet away from Jerry, and sta there, just staring, patiently, ominously.
82) 2) dialog: Help you with something?
82) 4) dialog: Who's asking?
82) 6) dialog: Who are you? Are you with Suge Knight? Someone else? Ice Cube? The Man doesn't answer. Instead, he just gazes upon the house, the lush surrounding lawn, the trees.
84) 5) dialog: Just need a word with Dre --
92) 0) text: Eazy sits slumped in a chair, drinking a beer next to the pool. His eyes look hard, flat, broken somehow -- CLICK! THERE'S A GUN TO HIS HEAD, revealing -- JERRY, in his BATHROBE looking freaked out, holding the g He immediately LOWERS it.
92) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ, Eric. You can't just... I thought you were -- But Eazy isn't rattled at all. He just sits there, blank.
92) 2) dialog: Are yo okay? Eric. Why don't we go inside? All right? Come on... Jerry helps Eazy out of the chair, ushering him into --
93) 0) text: Eazy follows Jerry into the kitchen as Jerry pulls some leftovers from the fridge. Slides them over to Eazy. But isn't interested. Instead, he pulls out a bag of weed. Ro a joint, lights it. Takes a long drag -- Exhales a lot mo than just smoke...
93) 1) dialog: Hey. You gotta tell me what's going on. I can tell when something's -- Eazy leans on the counter. Finally looks at Jerry.
93) 3) dialog: You're not gonna do that.
93) 7) text: You the one that wanted to be down with this gangsta shit. So here we go. JERRY
93) 9) text: I have to do it! This is the streets, muthafucka! I don't have a choice! He came at me! He came at us. We don't hit back, it's over! Done! Put a fork in this shit! Jerry closes his eyes, takes a breath. Tries to keep his relaxed, so that he can, in turn, relax Eazy. JERRY
93) 11) text: I don't care about the money, Jerry. Ain't about the money. Jerry puts a fatherly hand on Eazy's shoulder. Looks at h JERRY
93) 12) text: Of course it is. You're smarter than those criminals. You wanna kill somebody? Then you'll be in prison, forever. No more family. No more Ruthless. No more anything. Eazy stares back at Jerry. JERRY (CONT'D)
97) 6) text: Too much outside interference -- Eazy and Jerry tryin' to starve me out. Playin' games with my money. Tryin' to get me back in there on my hands and knees --
99) 0) text: Tapdancing for a slightly fatigued Eazy, Jerry tries hard convince him that --
99) 1) dialog: We're about to get back into the game in a big way, Eric --
99) 3) dialog: Are you just trying to insult me? Eazy stares back at Jerry, like indulge me.
99) 4) dialog: Did you forget about Ren's album? Or the fact that you're working on an album that I believe is gonna be bigger than anything NWA ever --
99) 6) dialog: Dre's a fuckin' producer, Eric! Producer's don't rap! It's never gonna work! Period!
101) 2) dialog: Eazy. You may wanna see this.
102) 0) text: Jerry turns the volume up as Eazy plops down on the couch beside him --
102) 2) dialog: Sorry...
106) 7) text: Yeah. Just tired. All this shit, downsizin' to a new crib, just weighin' on me. I'll figure it out though. I always do. JERRY (O.S.)
106) 8) text: Eric -- Jerry enters. Approaches Eazy. JERRY (CONT'D)
106) 9) text: Can you come by my office? I need you to sign some checks -- But Eazy doesn't even look up at Jerry. EAZY
106) 10) text: I'll come when I can, Jerry. JERRY
106) 11) text: Eric -- But Eazy just keeps ignoring him. Annoyed, Jerry exits --
122) 0) text: Jerry has the PAPERS on the counter for Eazy's signature. something's different this time. Eazy doesn't just sign. Instead, he starts GATHERING the papers into a pile.
122) 1) dialog: Wait, aren't you gonna sign --
122) 3) dialog: But this is how we've always done it. You have a lot on your plate Eric, there's no need to add to it --
122) 5) dialog: I just wish we could do it here. I don't want anything to get misplaced or lost --
124) 1) dialog: Where the fuck have you been? I've been calling you -- Jerry glances down at the PAPERS in Eazy's hand, sees the flat look on Eazy's face... and gets it.
124) 2) dialog: So what was it, the groupie? The executive assistant? Did she even go to college? Come on. You're smarter than that, Eric --
124) 4) dialog: Look, I know you're upset. But I'd strongly advise you to take a breath, let me look at the paperwork -- Eric lets out a low, rumbling laugh.
124) 6) dialog: Why would you say something like that? You're not thinking straight.
124) 9) dialog: I know what's best for you, and for Ruthless, and we've built a trust over years of hard work. That trust is our foundation, Eric. Eazy laughs again, but this time... the laugh deteriorate into a ragged, hacking COUGH. Jerry watches, concerned --
124) 10) dialog: Are you okay? You don't look --
124) 12) dialog: Look, if what I've done is so illegal, why have I never been sued? I'm such a thief, such a liar, such a motherfucker, how come nobody's come to collect? This is business. This is how it works. It's not always pretty, but all of it, everything I've put into this company, my whole LIFE for all these years, it's for you, Eric. Eazy absorbs this. Then --
124) 14) dialog: Goddammit, Eric! This is not how we do things! This is a business and I won't let you -- But Eazy's already out the door. Enraged, Jerry wipes his across the table sending everything SMASHING onto the flo