12) 0) text: JINX'S ROOM, dirty but very hip-hop. JINX, 17, is digging through a crate of RECORDS, and offering them up to DRE, waves most of them away because -- DRE'S IN THE ZONE, doing his thing on the turntables, mix SCRATCHING. And whatever it is sounds DOPE. Next-level sh Cube enters -- Lets the SONIC ACROBATICS BOOMING from Dre turntables marinate on him a minute.
12) 4) dialog: Crazy, right! Dre finally notices Cube's in front of him --
12) 8) dialog: Yup. His momma kicked him out for that mouth.
20) 0) text: There's a sense of ceremony here. Cube, Eazy, YELLA, REN, Jinx, DOC and few girls wait with palpable anticipation a DRE PUSHES PLAY on the freshly completed TRACK. It starts THUMPING from the speakers: It's BOYZ N THA HOOD. Pride and a sense of purpose swell in each and every one them as LONZO POPS IN. Listens, skeptical. The song stops and no one says a word. They know this is something special. Finally:
36) 0) text: Dre's at the soundboard, chopping up the beasts from what will become "Fuck Tha Police". Cube, Ren, DOC and Jinx ar listening while writing and eating fast food.
51) 4) text: He got into a fight near Leimert Park. A big mothafucka fell on top of him -- broke his neck. He killed Tyree. I can't believe this shit. Face buried in his hands, Dre quietly weeps. Jinx, Laylaw and DJ Speed gather in the front window of t bus. Not wanting to interrupt the group's moment. Cube rests a hand on Dre's shoulder as the others tighten circle. There's silence... until: CUBE
66) 10) text: You comin', Cube? Cube turns to find T-BONE from the Lench Mob and Jinx, waiting for him in his CAR. He looks back at Dre -- I'm o They pound hug and Cube heads off. Hops into T-Bone's rid
67) 0) text: Cube rides in the passenger seat, pretty low at this poin No money, no group. JINX MOUTH IS RUNNING, but Cube's in daze -- doesn't hear a word he's saying.
67) 1) dialog: Can't believe you left the group, man. What you gonna do now? Guess we gotta start working on some solo stuff, huh? Cube? Cube?! As the car pulls up to a stop light, Cube looks over, spo beautiful YOUNG LADY in a nice jeep on rims. She's looks over at him, their eyes locked. Is this love at first sig After a few magical moments. Cube finally speaks.