75) 0) text: Eazy enjoys dinner with a lovely, put-together young woma TOMICA. She's nobody's groupie. She's serious, and smart.
75) 1) dialog: This place is nice. Wow, I didn't realize this was a real "date" date. I thought we were just going out to eat. You bring all your females here?
75) 4) dialog: You know I have a job, right?
75) 6) dialog: Executive Assistant. Ya know, you don't have to impress me. We could've went to Fat Burgers. I just like hangin with you. You make me laugh. That's good enough for me, you know? We can just chill. Eazy nods, knows she's right. His eyes catch a SEXY WOMAN sashaying past. He SMILES at her, and she SMILES back.
75) 8) dialog: Yeah, she had a nice ass. But she might wanna fix those teeth. Eazy laughs. He knows a lot of women, but it's no wonder Tomica's his favorite.
94) 0) text: Through the darkness we see movement. It's Eazy. He moves a slow and laborious fashion as he enters -- THE BEDROOM where Tomica sleeps in their bed, safely tang in sheets. Eazy doesn't even bother shedding his clothes. Simply slumps closer, sliding quietly under the covers. Without a word, she wraps Eazy in an embrace.
116) 0) text: Tomica and Eazy lie in bed together. He stares at the ceiling, and she runs her hand soothingly down his arm.
116) 3) dialog: I can help, you know. Show me the files, the bills, the contracts. I know the business, I know how it all works. Let me look. Baby, if you're feelin' this way, Jerry's not doin' right by you. Eazy puts his arm around her, pulls her close. They both there a little longer, just breathing.
123) 0) text: Tomica watches on as Eazy finishes READING the immaculate organized PAPERS she's laid out for him. He puts them dow
123) 2) dialog: You had to know the truth sometime. Now you do.
127) 10) dialog: Eric! They all hurry over to him --
129) 0) text: Eazy lies in a propped-up hospital bed, watching TV. He doesn't look ill, just annoyed with the situation. Tomica sits in a chair beside him, flipping through a magazine. A young DOCTOR walks in, carrying a chart. He looks troub preoccupied. His eyes dart from Tomica... to Eazy.
129) 1) dialog: You gonna say something? Is it a respiratory infection -- pneumonia?
129) 3) text: Yes, well, it is those things... and more, I'm afraid... We ran a full blood battery and -- (beat) Mr. Wright, I'm sorry but you've tested positive for the HIV virus. Tomica reflexively stands, her hand over her mouth. Eazy squints, smiles, looks at the Doctor like he's crazy. EAZY
129) 5) text: The normal T-cell count is anywhere between 500 and 1500. Right now, your T-cell count is... 14. Tomica just stands there, mouth agape, speechless. Eazy's smile slowly fades to a look of pure dread. EAZY
129) 9) text: We've actually run the test five times, with five different samples... and the results remain -- Tomica suddenly lets out a choked CRY, runs from the room Eazy watches her go, overwhelmed, confused... and then, a at once, he gets it. Voice trembles a little. EAZY
129) 10) text: Tomica. She's pregnant. Oh fuck. Does that mean she -- DOCTOR
132) 0) text: Tomica sits in a chair pulled right beside Eazy's bed. Th hold hands, look at each other. They've both been crying.
132) 2) dialog: No. We can beat this. Together. Eazy nods reassuringly, but you can see in his eyes he doesn't believe it. Eazy's PHONE rings. He answers it.
132) 6) dialog: Who was that? Eazy doesn't respond, just lies there, despondent.
134) 0) text: Tomica and Yella stand by Eazy's bedside. Eazy looks drai depressed. Various members of Eazy's FAMILY are also pres Yella holds a CASSETTE in his hand.
135) 0) text: Tomica sits holding Eazy's hand, staring at him with haun eyes. RON SWEENEY stands in the background, along with Ea Family. Someone else is there now, too. A PASTOR.
135) 1) dialog: I can't. That's not the way it should happen. It's not right --
135) 5) text: It's true, Tomica. I gotta make this right. Ron says it's the only way to protect everything I built. Tomica looks to Ron, who nods. She stares off into space, slowly shaking her head. Her life has become a nightmare. TOMICA
135) 8) text: But if we don't do this, I won't be able to protect either of you. After looking deep into Eazy's eyes -- He needs her. TOMICA
135) 10) text: Are we ready? Tomica and Eazy nod their heads yes. The Pastor reaches o holds Tomica's hand in one hand, Eazy's hand in the other PASTOR (CONT'D)
135) 11) text: Tomica Woods, do you take Eric Wright to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold... Tomica tries not to cry, but it's impossible. The tears f and all she can do is wipe them away. Eazy won't stop loo at Tomica. Like she's the last thing he'll ever see.
137) 2) text: Yo, Eazy. Wanna tell you somethin'. I know you can hear me. I know you're still in there -- We PULL BACK, so WE CAN'T HEAR WHAT DRE IS SAYING. And we won't hear it, because that's between Dre &amp; Eazy. After a few moments, Dre stands up straight. Whatever he to say to Eazy, he's finished now. He walks to the door - On his way out, he passes TOMICA as she's coming in. He l at her. Then he looks at the ring on her finger. Walks aw without saying a word...