2) 3) text: What happened? VERNA GRIFFIN, 36, his Mother, and she can smell bullshit mile away. He flashes his smooth, easy, magnetic Dre-smil DRE
2) 4) text: What happened with what? VERNA
2) 6) text: (sighs, realizing) Sorry, I just been so focused on this DJing that I forgot -- She frowns, shakes her head. VERNA
2) 8) text: That ain't even true, momma. I get paid -- He pulls out a sad little wad of bills, waves it in her f Quick as lightning, she SNATCHES it away from him -- VERNA
2) 13) text: -- long as I own the company. Yeah, I know. Dre fumes, gather the bills off the floor, heads for the kitchen -- VERNA
2) 14) text: But you don't own the company. Lonzo does. -- but Verna stays hot on his heels -- VERNA (CONT'D)
2) 15) text: Oh, you think we're done here? Dre keeps going, MUTTERS under his breath -- She grabs hi shoulder, SPINS him around, strong. Gets in his face. VERNA (CONT'D)
2) 17) text: (explodes) You don't care what I'm fighting for. I already know what I wanna do with my life, and it definitely ain't sittin in a cubicle takin' orders on som stupid ass job. Verna's eyes FLASH -- WHAP! She SLAPS HIM IN THE FACE -- Dre steps back, puts his hand to his cheek. Verna's reeli as much as he is. She tries to compose herself. VERNA
2) 18) text: People used to tell me I was too young when I had you -- Said I wouldn't be shit, said you wouldn't be shit. Now I been workin' my ass off to get us here and I refuse to let you throw it all away. Dre holds Verna's gaze a moment longer, then turns and ca walks back past her, into his room. He picks up his headphones, pull-out car stereo. Heads for the door, open it...
2) 20) dialog: (regret)
52) 0) text: In a suit, Dre stands beside Tyree's MEMORIAL WALL, his a draped around his heartbroken mother, Verna. She cries without end or apology, surrounded by family, including h other brother, WARREN G, plus Eazy, Cube, Ren and Yella. It's solemn and quiet. Dre remains stoic, staring hard, trying his best to remain strong for his mother. All memb of the band keep a close eye on him, as the pastor wraps his eulogy.
53) 0) text: A shattered Dre slumps out with his mom, Verna.
53) 2) dialog: This is not on you, Andre. Dre doesn't say anything. Keeps his head bowed.
53) 3) dialog: Andre.
53) 6) dialog: This is not your fault. Understand me? Stop this nonsense. Stop it now.
53) 8) dialog: Your brother looked up to you. And you took great care of him. We both did. It's time to let someone else take care of him now.
53) 10) dialog: I'm proud of you... So proud of you, baby...
53) 11) text: Dre fights back tears of his own, the words he's longed t hear. As Verna slowly turns and walks away, Cube, Eazy, R and Yella surround him, brothers in arms. They walk out t Mausoleum.