52) 0) text: In a suit, Dre stands beside Tyree's MEMORIAL WALL, his a draped around his heartbroken mother, Verna. She cries without end or apology, surrounded by family, including h other brother, WARREN G, plus Eazy, Cube, Ren and Yella. It's solemn and quiet. Dre remains stoic, staring hard, trying his best to remain strong for his mother. All memb of the band keep a close eye on him, as the pastor wraps his eulogy.
88) 7) dialog: My bad.
96) 3) text: What you fools doin' out here? WARREN G
97) 0) text: Snoop at the wheel, they ride listening to ATOMIC DOG by George Clinton. Snoop's at the wheel, smoking a JOINT (surprise), Dre shotgun, Warren G and D.O.C. in the back. SNOOP
97) 2) text: I'm cool. WARREN G
97) 4) text: First time in my life, I feel like I'm forcin' it. WARREN G
97) 11) dialog: Come on, big bro. Loosen up.
98) 0) text: Dre's behind the SSL, listening to a rhythm based on Leon Heywood's I'M GONNA DO SOMETHING FREAKY TO YOU. Warren G, Snoop, and D.O.C are in different corners of the room. Sm floats over Snoop's head like a halo. The vibe is positive and laid back, but as we look at Dre face we can tell what he's thinking: something's missing. Dre turns to the MOOG Keyboard situated on the side of th board and starts noodling with a melody. It's almost familiar. But not quite.
99) 19) text: I don't know, maybe another time and another place. But not now. And with that, a visibly tipsy Warren G walks over, tryin dump some USED COALS out of a kettle-style GRILL -- WARREN G
99) 24) dialog: Aiight, regulate that shit! Warren G staggers off with the hot coals. They smile at Warren's walk off.
99) 35) dialog: Your house is on fire.
99) 37) dialog: Maybe I shouldn't have thrown them coals in the trash. Dre suddenly snaps out of it. Because --
104) 0) text: Calm now, we behold a virtual wasteland of smoldering car and buildings. Shell-shocked, CITIZENS wander around, try to make their neighborhood livable again as -- A `64 IMPALA rolls down the boulevard. Dre, Snoop, D.O.C. Warren G silently observe the damage, shell-shocked.