2) 0) text: CARD: “The Tall adega Speedway: Ten Years Later” Qverhead shot of Talladega Speedway 1992. W helicopter pa past an electric crow of two hundred thousand people as multi-colored stock cars tear dow the straight away wtha deafening roar. Mmm It’s sweet. ESPN ANCR #1(V. © ) It is a hot one here in Talladega. And this crowd of over one hundred and ei ghty thousand is enj oying one heck of a race! Cal Naughton Jr. has been dueling Bill Elliot all day long... CUT TO.
8) 0) text: We see Ricky Bobby in his car approaching the finish line wth three cars in front of him He zig zags through them tapping bumpers and then throws a balled up piece of pape into Cal Naughton’s car as he wns. ANNOUNCER ( V. ©. ) Ricky Bobby wth sone go for broke driving takes the checkered flag!!! Do not try that at hore! ! Cal Naughton opens the piece of paper and it reads “Bye B CAL NAUGHTON JR. Cocky ass tire changer. MUSIC AND CRED! TS CONTI NUE TO ROLL. CUT TO.
29) 0) text: The race is in its final twenty laps. Cal Naughton is | e wth two cars behind hi mand then Ricky.
32) 1) dialog: Woo! Goodbye Ricky! !
34) 62) dialog: Wat’s a fastbal!? The Bartender whips a shot glass at Cal Naughton. The who crew cracks up.
34) 63) dialog: Ah!! That’s it! You’ re going down! Music: Conway Twtty song wnds down as a new song cones on Mles Davis’ Kind of Blue. The whole bar cones to a stand still. Ri CKY Wat’ s goin’ on?
34) 64) dialog: Wat is that...? Ri CKY | hope |’ mwrong. | really do, but I’ mpretty sure that’s... jazz. Ricky stands up and throws a bottle at the j ukebox. A GENTLEMAN in a stylish, racing wndbreaker wth slacks and sporty European racing shoes turns around. He is the driv fromthe cover of Hgh Octane Magazine.
34) 91) dialog: Gh this is too goood!
40) 8) dialog: Hey Ricky? How does it feel to be number two on your own teanf? Ha! Hal Ri CKY Shut up Cal ! 35.
63) 0) text: Cal Naughton Jr is bei ng i ntervi ewed. CAL NAUGHTON JR. No | wouldn’t say the situation has gotten ugly. VWé just want this piece of (BEEP) Frenchie to go back to his (BEEP)-hole country.
63) 1) text: Boy Cal, that sure sounds ugly. CAL NAUGHTON JR. WIl that’s cause you’ re quoting ne out of context.
69) 0) text: Ricky cores riding up to his house on a kid’s BM bike wth pizza on the back. There’s a lino parked in front of the house. Cal Naughton Jr. gets out. CAL NAUGHTON JR. | never thought |’d live to see this day, Ricky Bobby on a bicycle. Ri CKY Hey Cal, what the hell you doing here? CAL NAUGHTON JR. Look Ricky |’ mgoing to make this short, you and | never |iked each other. And | guess you know by now that me and Carley fooled around many a night. Ri CKY No Cal, | didn’t know that. CAL NAUGHTON JR. (his voice gets high pi t ched) Véll, it’s good you didn’t knowit because | just made it up. It’s a lie, afunlie. | like to tell fun lies so that we can have a | augh. Ri CKY Wy is your voice gettin’ all high? CAL NAUGHTON JR. (back to normal ) Here’s the deal Ricky: that French bastard is ruining our sport. You get back on the track and together we can take him out. Ri CKY |’ mdone Cal. | don’t drive no nore. Hell, | don’t even have a license. Ricky starts to walk awgy. CAL NAUGHTON JR. | knewit Ricky! You're a coward! A stone cold coward!
69) 2) text: CAL NAUGHTON JR. (cont' d) You’ re a disgrace to every driver on the circuit! Cal spits on the ground. Ricky sheepi shl y walks back to the house...a broken man Naught on, | ooking pissed off, makes his way back to the only to see the LIMO DRIVER, in the middle of the street uri nating. CAL NAUGHTON JR. Hey man, what are you doi ng?!
106) 0) text: Cal Naughton is trying desperately to pass Jean.
107) 2) dialog: Ricky | know you and |! don’t lik each other nuch. And | know !’m sleeping wth your wfe and all, and | guess by now you know about the time | took a piss in your
107) 4) dialog: Véll there is nothing to know about because that was just another fun lie that | made up. Anyway, I’m going to give Frenchie a tap on his bunper and once | do, you run him straight up into the wall and you and | take over this race. Let's go. Cal taps Jean’s bumper and Jean fishtails slightly. Ricky doesn’t do anything. 96.
107) 5) dialog: Wat’ re you doing Ricky? Finish him of f!! Ri CKY | don’t want to wn like that!
107) 6) dialog: Here’s the deal. You help ne finish himoff and 1!’Il give you Carley back. Nowlet’s do this Ricky...for Arer i ca! Ri CKY That’s not American, that’s cheating. And Americans only cheat on their taxes. Ricky gives Cal a tap and he spins out into the infield.
122) 4) dialog: Man you are a dumbass. You mean a fire hydrant ? Vé hear dogs barking in the distance.