12) 0) text: Ricky is being introduced at the pre-race introductions. the crowd a hot drunk bl onde CARLEY, 25, is sitting on h DI RT BAGGY BOYFRI END S shoul ders in the crowd. W see h from behind as she takes off her top and flashes Ricky.
13) 0) text: Ricky carries Carley in wedding gow through the front doo of a huge MMansi on in a devel opment of identical Mansi There is a giant bow on it. They enter and make out furi ousl y.
25) 1) dialog: Supper’ s ready! Cone on everyone! Supper! ! CUT TO.
25) 2) text: VW see a massive spread of fried chicken, burgers, veget biscuits etc. Ricky sits at the head of the table in a Mountain Dew var jacket. Their TWO SONS, 9 and 7 are there in Mountain Dew jackets as well. Carley and CARLEY’ S DAD, 71. They are all holding hands and saying grace. During the entire scene there is a dog barking in the backgr ound. Ri CKY Dear Lord baby Jesus or as our brothers to the south cal! you, Hey- zues. VWé thank you for this bountiful harvest of fried foods and Pepsi. And |’d also like to thank you for ny fanily; ny two beautiful sons, Hank and W11i ans Jr. And of course ny red hot wfe, who if you were to rate here ass on a scale of 100, it would easily be a 94. ( MORE)
25) 4) dialog: You know sweetie, Jesus did grow up. You don’t have to always call hi m Baby. Ri CKY Honey | just like the Christmas Jesus best.
25) 6) dialog: Ricky finish the grace. Ri CKY Qk... Dear tiny newborn infant Jesus, we thank you for all the races |’ ve won and the 21.2 million dollars in total prize winnings that | alone have earned. Also, due to a binding endorserent contract that stipulates | mention Mountain Dew whenever | say grace, I|’d like to say that Mountain Dewis thirst quenching and delicious. Anen. Everyone digs in. Ri CKY How was school today boys?
25) 13) dialog: Daddy you stop disrespecting Ricky. He pays for this food and he pays for your leg treatments. You | eave him alone, under st ood? 16.
25) 15) dialog: Baby what you gonna do t onorrow? Ri CKY Wn.
25) 16) dialog: Waachya gonna do?! Ri CKY Wn.
25) 17) dialog: Ki ds, what’s daddy gonna do? HANK AND WLLI AMS JR. Wn!
25) 18) dialog: Daddy what’s your son-in-| aw gonna do?
25) 20) dialog: Nobody beats ny baby! She and Ricky kiss in a really sexual way.
27) 2) dialog: Ricky, did you see this nonth’s issue of Hgh Octane Magazi ne? Ri CKY No baby...(then to some fans) Is that Charla wth an “S” or a “C'? Carley holds up the magazine. It says “Formula Me driver Jean Grard: Qur Driver of the Year!” There is a picture o dashing driver in front of a Formula Me race car. Ri CKY Wat ? This was supposed to be ny year!
27) 3) dialog: | already called themand said that you'll! never do another interview wth them again. He signs a program a WOMAN s chest and a BABY in quick successi on. Ri CKY “Jean Grard?” Who the heck is he? | hate those Formula Me drivers. Their cars | ook like bugs. A CUTE BRUNETTE, 27, wth glasses comes up to Ricky.
27) 6) dialog: By the way Susan, you might want to button up that top button on your blouse. If you don’t have the merchandise don’t put it in the front window.
34) 100) dialog: So this is why you’ ve been avoiding me for the better part of a week! Ri CKY I’ msorry darlin.
34) 101) dialog: All you had to do was say you like crepes! They said you asked himto break your arm 31. Ri CKY It was about pride.
34) 102) dialog: And now because of your pride you can’t drive today. That’s less money for us. Hell that’s less money for me. Recky |’ mhot. W ass has caused four traffic accidents. | once made out wth pro golfer John Daly. | deserve a wnner! And you can’t wn wWth a broken arm you... you... bunghol e! Kids hear this bouncing on the tranp.
35) 1) dialog: | wasn’t saying anything! | NSI DE NASCAR_HOST (V. © ) Born and raised in the French countryside Jean has lived by one notto since he was a small child...
40) 3) dialog: Ricky what are you worried about ? He may be slick and strikingly handsore but no one can match your pure speed.
40) 11) dialog: You’ re handling this perfectly Ri cky. Jean approaches themas he is congratul ated by the crew.
40) 13) dialog: God one Ricky.
40) 16) dialog: That’s ny baby.
40) 19) dialog: You keep it up, Ricky. This is great behavior.
40) 21) dialog: You are a fine man Ricky Bobby. You are acting |ike a wnner.
42) 0) text: Ricky’s car is in pit row W see Carley is putting a gi an Fig Newon sticker across the front of Ricky's windshield. Ri CKY Baby, what’ re you doi ng?
42) 1) dialog: | made a deal wth Fig Newon. They’ re paying us seven hundred thousand dollars to put this on your wi ndshi el d. Susan walks over to Ricky.
42) 4) dialog: Listen sweetheart, | know you’re not the prettiest flower in the garden and you make up for it by acting all concerned and nice but |’ mreally gonna need you to shut your mouth. Ckay sugar? Ri cky’s | ooking in through the car. Ri CKY It’s actually fine! | can see if | hunch down. I|’!I! be okay Susan.
42) 5) dialog: “I’ IL be okay Susan!” Why don’t you two just get it on right here and right now! Ri CKY Aw, |’ msorry baby. (then to Susan) Susan, Carley’s right. Wien you were worried that | might hurt nysel f?...you shoul dn’t have been. Susan is pissed and hurt and walks away. Ri CKY Susan- !
42) 6) dialog: Cone here ny baby... You’ re gonna wn today... Carley kisses Ricky and he wnces in pain fromhis arm Ri CKY Ahhh! It’s alright. It’s still got a little touch of brokeness to it.
51) 3) dialog: Ve’ ve deci ded to have him creat ed...
52) 4) text: | NT HOSPI TAL ROOM - Ni GHT Ricky’s very hazy POV of Carley leaning over him
52) 5) dialog: That’s it Ricky...you just sign here and everything’l! be fine... MAN S VOl CE Hey the movie starts in a half- hour, just get himto signit. Fade to black...
58) 0) text: VW see 30 Reporters in the stands of atest track. M. Dennit, Carley, Susan and Lucius all stand by the side of track. Ricky is in his car wiile Genn and Hershell give i final once over.
58) 2) dialog: He’d better be. It’s just a stupid test run. Susan, why don’t you do sonet hing useful and go get nea cof f ee?
58) 16) dialog: That half aman lost his nerve! He’s done! Fi ni shed! She knocks the coffee out of Susan’s hands.
58) 17) dialog: Were’ s_ny coffee?! VW see Hershell and Genn helping Ricky away fromthe car. MUSIC: It Was Al most Like a Song by Ponnie MI sap
59) 5) dialog: Baby you and | both know this has been over for along tine. Ri CKY No | honestly didn’t! Carley holds up a thick docunent.
59) 6) dialog: You signed this contract wllingly while you were in a coma.
59) 8) text: . CARLEY (cont' d) It gives me all assets and an uncont ested di vorce whenever | Ww sh. Ri CKY W' re di vor ced?
59) 10) dialog: | think we should let them deci de who they go wth. Their rich Mom who's dating a pro golfer or their gun shy, bankrupt Daddy. Hank and WIliamns Jr look at Carley and Ricky.
69) 0) text: Ricky cores riding up to his house on a kid’s BM bike wth pizza on the back. There’s a lino parked in front of the house. Cal Naughton Jr. gets out. CAL NAUGHTON JR. | never thought |’d live to see this day, Ricky Bobby on a bicycle. Ri CKY Hey Cal, what the hell you doing here? CAL NAUGHTON JR. Look Ricky |’ mgoing to make this short, you and | never |iked each other. And | guess you know by now that me and Carley fooled around many a night. Ri CKY No Cal, | didn’t know that. CAL NAUGHTON JR. (his voice gets high pi t ched) Véll, it’s good you didn’t knowit because | just made it up. It’s a lie, afunlie. | like to tell fun lies so that we can have a | augh. Ri CKY Wy is your voice gettin’ all high? CAL NAUGHTON JR. (back to normal ) Here’s the deal Ricky: that French bastard is ruining our sport. You get back on the track and together we can take him out. Ri CKY |’ mdone Cal. | don’t drive no nore. Hell, | don’t even have a license. Ricky starts to walk awgy. CAL NAUGHTON JR. | knewit Ricky! You're a coward! A stone cold coward!
100) 6) dialog: Ricky | need to talk to you. Ri CKY Qh, Carley | missed you so nuch. Were’s John Dal y?
100) 7) dialog: He’s gone Ricky. Ri CKY | knewit! W’re going to get back together again. Cal Naughton walks up. CAL NAUGHTON JR. Hey Ricky, | see you net ny lady. Q did you two already know each ot her ? They’ re hol ding each other. Ri CKY Qh you gotta be kidding ne! ?
100) 8) dialog: It’s not howit seems. W just happen to live together and have alot of sex. 91. CAL NAUGHTON JR. Sorry Ricky, but if | see a porsche wth the keys init, | take it for a spin. You have a good race, you hear ? Ricky just stares as they walk off wth each other hands i their back pockets. Ri CKY Ah, | think I’ mgonna cry...1’m fightin’ it..it’s startin’ to cone up through ny throat.... around the sides of ny eyes...it’s hard to fight it. Susan cores up, grabs himby the armand pulls himby the arm
120) 4) dialog: Ricky! | Carley lifts up her shirt and flashes Ricky as he cones around the turn. He gets distracted for a split second. Ri CKY Vow... those are fantastic. In that second he loses control of the car and bumps into Jean wecking themboth. The cars flip and roll before coni to a shredded stop. FOX ANCR (V. ©.) Qh no! No! Jean Grard and Ricky Bobby have wecked! That is such a share! Ricky can see Jean in his weck. He undoes hinself and staggers out of the car. Recky’s leg iis hurt and we see on his forehead as he rips off his helmet. Jean does the same. Ricky, in a slight daze, |ooks around. He and Jean at each other for a beat. Ricky then | ooks in the direct of his pit crew, looking for guidance, only to catch eyes wth Lucy, who has worked her way dom to pit row.
122) 6) dialog: Honey! You’re a wnner again! That means | | ove you!
122) 8) dialog: Qkay Ricky. But before you make this decision, just take a look at ny ass... (she turns around) Now let’s get out of here. She turns back around and Ricky is gone. 106.