2) 1) text: W see a quick cut of the caution flag being waved. A hand full of cars pull into pit row. W focus on one parti cul car: #28 The Laughing Cow Milt Liquor Car as it weakly rolls to a stop. As soon as it stops the crewis all over changing tires and fueling up like they’ re involved in s kind of aut onoti ve ballet. Vé whip pan to the crewto see Ricky changing a tire. He’s the crew. HE 1S NOT THE DRIVER Fé still has a dorky spiky haircut and a pimple or two wth a nane tag reading “Ricky on his crew suit. The crew chi ef, LUCIUS WASHINGTON, an intimidating Afric Arerican man, starts talking to the driver.
4) 1) dialog: Just play it safe. | don’t want you wecking that car and costing us three hundred thousand GD. bucks. Ri CKY Wth all due respect sir, | think |’ m going to do sone driving. VW see his foot on the accelerator and he begins to pass cars. Ricky fakes high and then passes | ow. Taps someone fender then dodges a weck nasterfully.
52) 0) text: Quce again fromfAicky’s hazy POV of Lucius sitting by his bedsi de reading to him
54) 0) text: Ricky is in a wheelchair playing basketball wth five othe guys in wheelchairs. Lucius and M. Dennit walk up wth Ricky’s Doctor.
55) 0) text: Ricky, Lucius and M. Dennit sit in the visitor's roomwtha TV pl aying in the backgr ound.
56) 0) text: Ricky, M. Dennit and Lucius walk through the Carden. Ri CKY So anyway, |’msorry and! don’t hope your boys | ose their | egs. (and t hen) ( MORE)
58) 0) text: VW see 30 Reporters in the stands of atest track. M. Dennit, Carley, Susan and Lucius all stand by the side of track. Ricky is in his car wiile Genn and Hershell give i final once over.
92) 0) text: Vé hear the voice of Lucius, Ricky’s former crewchief as see the stage.
92) 1) dialog: Put your hands together and make some noise for our next young | ady. She looks to shake it and soreti nes she likes to bake it, she’s also a nother of three, give it up for M. Jade or as | call her, Hot Tofu! Vé see an Asian stripper cone onto the stage. There are s drunks in the audience. The song, “Panama”, by Van Halen kicks in. Fromacross the room Lucius sees Ricky walk in.
93) 0) text: Ricky and Lucius are having drinks at a table. During the entire length of their conversation, a stripper’s bikini runp is positioned in between them and cones in and out o frame. They never acknow edge this in any way.
102) 0) text: Lucius, furious, speaks to Ricky on the headset.
103) 0) text: Ri CKY Sorry Lucius! M nerves are junpin’! W see Ricky Bobby start to pass sone cars.
107) 1) dialog: Ricky, | got Cal Naughton wanting to talk directly to you. Ri CKY Put em through!