34) 7) dialog: That was a great wn Ricky. But | think we got to start | ooking at the big picture here. Qur sponsors, along wth nyself would love to wn a points chanpi onshi p. Ri CKY WIl wth all due respect sir | had no idea that you recently had gotten experimental surgery to have your balls renvved.
34) 90) dialog: |’ m gonna need all of you to step away fromny driver. Ri CKY Wat’ d you mean “ny driver?! !”
34) 92) dialog: | told you | wanted a points chanpi onship Ricky. Jean’s here to get us one. | just signed himas your teanmate. Ri CKY M. Dennit, wth all due respect and remenber, | amsaying “wth all due respect”, that idea is hand di pped in shit.
34) 93) dialog: Hey you don’t talk to ne like that! You better get your head t oget her Ricky. This go for broke stuff don’t play in the long haul, you hear ? You hear! LOOK AT ME VHEN |
34) 95) dialog: Now I’ I| see you in Richnond wth a serious attitude adj ust ment. 30. The Man wth the beard goes to Jean.
40) 9) dialog: Put a smile on your face Ricky. That’s your teammate. You should be happy. Ri CKY Qh yeah, |’ mjust thrilled M. Dennit. | love seeing sone French dude breaking ny track record wile | got my armwrapped up like a freakin pinata! Hey, if you really want to put a smile on ny face wy don’t you hose nme dow wth piss and shoot ne in the eye Wtha wist rocket!! Then this wll be the greatest day ever! Ricky knocks over an entire tool drawer.
40) 15) dialog: Son, that was tear ass driving. WI! done. Ri CKY (to his crew Ah hell! Get ny car off the trailer!
40) 20) dialog: Now Ricky, let’s not be silly. There’s no nore qualifying tine left. Just wait until the next race. Ri CKY Then |’ musing an exemption! Tel! ‘eml’ mracing tonvrrow. |’ mthe fastest! Not Johnny Snail Eater over here! M!
42) 7) dialog: (to Luci us) WII he be alright?
55) 3) dialog: Alright. Ricky, the Doctor told us to let you work this out in your own time but... you can walk Ricky. Ri CKY What did you just say?
55) 5) dialog: | didn’t know you could dunk a basket bal | . Ri CKY Dann you!! | curse your insensitivity! | hope you both have sons who grow up to be star athletes only to have their | egs taken away fromthem I pray you know that pain and hurt!!
55) 7) dialog: Ricky don’t do that! ! Ricky stabs his |eg wth the knife. | mredi ately he j ump of the chair screaming in pain, running around the room Ri CKY AHHAHHHFHH HEE tt
56) 2) dialog: Ricky you should relax and forget about racing for alittle while. Just get better, alright son? He pats himon the back and walks off. Ri CKY Luci us what the hell is going on?
58) 1) dialog: Do you think he’s ready for this?
58) 7) dialog: How fast is he going? LUcI US (checks his stop watch) Twent y- six miles per hour.
59) 1) dialog: Ricky you need a break. Along break. Vé’ ve made the decision to deactivate the 28 car for awhile. Ri CKY Yeah...that’s probably a good i dea. Just for a few weeks or maybe a few years...just til the cars slow down, right M. Dennit?
121) 2) dialog: Darlin’ I’ mgoing to need you to be real quiet right now.