0) 0) text: VWé see a woman, LUCY BOBBY, 23, in the midst of giving b in the back seat. Driving the car is REESE BOBBY, 26. He go! ng way too fast in a gleaming inmecul ate tri cked- o evy.
0) 1) dialog: Wioo- whoo!!! Honey wll you | ook at that speedoreter!! Just | ook at it!!
0) 4) dialog: Baby, we’re going one hundred and thirty-six mles an hour! Ha, ha, ha!! This car ain’t never gone this fast!!! VW hear the cry of a newoorn as the speedoreter strains hit 140 mph. DI SSOLVE TO.
1) 5) dialog: Excuse nme darlin...!’ m Reese Bobby. |’ mhere for career day wth ny son Ricky... Ve see Reese is peeking through the door wth a cigarette his mouth. Ri CKY Dad! Ricky runs up to Reese and hugs him
1) 6) dialog: Hey there boy. Man you got bi g...How long’s it been? Three ront hs? Ri CKY Ten years.
1) 7) dialog: Aw sorry about that. Here’s a five dollar bill. He hands Ricky the bill as the other boy and his Dad sit down.
1) 9) dialog: It’s alright honey, |’ m bonded. (addressing the cl ass) Qxay...| ama race car driver. The kids oh and ah and Ricky beans with pride.
1) 10) dialog: And the first thing you gotta learn if you wanna be a race car driver, is that you don’t listen to losers...like your teacher over here.
1) 12) dialog: Your teacher wants you to go slow and she’s wong, cause this whole worlds built on speed. Just remenber, it’s the fastest that gets paid and it’s the fastest that gets laid.
1) 13) text: Reese Bobby is being forcibly removed fromthe school by three JAN TORS, while Ricky watches.
1) 14) dialog: You people are in the wong on this one!!! So in the wong!!! This is egregi ous!!! Do you hear ne, ear egi ous! |! They toss Reese onto the parking | ot. He gets up. Ri CKY Dad?
1) 15) dialog: Don’t listen to these people Ricky! You're a wnner! You got the gift. Al ways renenber: if you aint first, you’ re last. He jumps in his car and takes off.
1) 16) dialog: See you when you're grown up! Ri CKY (awe struck) If you aint first, you’re last...
72) 5) dialog: Hey Lucy.
72) 7) dialog: Look son, | saw what happened to you on the television. You saw the fear. It happens to all of us. Ri CKY Get the hell out of ny hore.
72) 11) dialog: You wanna race again. Just adnit it. Ricky Bobby is silent....but the dogs keep barking.
72) 12) dialog: You got unfinished busi ness.
72) 14) dialog: So where is it? Ri CKY Carley took it away fromne!
72) 16) dialog: Look, Ricky... I’mfifty-nine years old and all | got to my nameisa car and a duffle bag full of under wear and sweet, stinky weed. | need this. | screwed up raising you as a boy, let me at least help you as a man. Everyone goes silent, even the dogs, as they wait for Ric response. REESE BOBBY ( CONT’ D) Please....let me help you.
72) 19) dialog: Wat are you going to call me?
73) 1) dialog: Now basi call y wnat happened to you is that you sawthe fear. And before you even think of doing any real driving you gotta make friends wth the fear. So get in the car. Ricky punches his Dad in the j aw.
73) 2) dialog: Wat the hell was that? Ri CKY | got alot of unresolved anger towards you. So that might j ust happen soneti res. Ricky gets in the car. He hears aterrible grow and turns around to see a COUGAR IN THE BACK SEAT. | medi at el y R jumps out of the car and slams the door. Ri CKY Wat the hell!! Ahhh!!! There's a goddam cougar in the car!!!
73) 3) dialog: | know there’s a cougar in the car! | put it in there! You gotta learn to drive wth the fear. And there is nothing more God dam frightening than driving Wtha live cougar in the car. Ri CKY That’s just stupid! | could’ ve been killed. Were’d you get that thing?
73) 4) dialog: | trapped it. Been keeping it in ny bathroom at the Mtel. Feedin it old pizza. Now you get back in that car! You hear ne! Ri CKY I’ mnot gettin’ in that car!!
73) 5) dialog: Listen to me! If you're calmthat wondrous big cat, wl! be calm But if you're scared, that beautiful death machine wll do what God made it to do. Namely, eat youwtha smile on its face! 64. Beat as Ricky mulls this over. He takes a couple really d br eat hs. Ri CKY So it really won’t hurt ne if I’m calm? (kay, okay.... here goes.
73) 7) dialog: Rel ax son!! Control your heart ratel! CUT TO.
75) 1) dialog: So all | want you to do today is to go around this track once. Ricky gets into the car.
75) 3) dialog: Not fast. Slow. Real slow. | want you to literally take all day to do one | ap. Ri CKY Wat ?
75) 4) dialog: | want you to go as slow as you can. Like you're making | ove to Reba Macintyre and you wanna savor it. Ri CKY How s this gonna help ne get over the fear?
75) 5) dialog: This ain’t about fear, this is about teaching you that the pedal to the netal ain't all thereis. Ricky pulls away as slow as he can. Ri CKY Like this?
75) 6) dialog: Sl ower! You should know every inch of Reba by the tire you're done. Wth everything good in life you gotta go slow before you can go ast. MUSIC CUE: Sultry Reba Macintyre song. TIME LAPSE: the sun going up and then starting tofall. W see Ricky craw around the track at a snail’s pace. It’s dark as Ricky crosses the finish line. He gets out a coll apses. 6/.
75) 7) dialog: You did good today Ricky. CUT TO.
77) 1) dialog: Don’t you get it? You drive wth your heart not your eyes. Now feel the road. Let it live inside you. Can you feel it? Ricky inhales deepl y. Ri CKY | think | can...
77) 2) dialog: Now drive... Ricky puts the car into drive and proceeds to weck into every parked car and tear across every | awn on the stree ends wth the car crashing into someone’ s house.
77) 3) dialog: This was a bad idea. You definitely drive wth your eyes. Ri CKY | really thought | could feel it. 68.
79) 1) dialog: Were’d stock car racing cone fron? Ri CKY Wat ? Hs dad throws another bucket of water on him Ri CKY Wat the hell man?!
79) 3) dialog: That’ s right. Hs Dad throws another bucket of water on him Ri CKY Ah! If | was right why'd you throw another bucket on ne.
79) 4) dialog: Cause | filled up three. Now there’s nothing like driving to avoid jail. Nothing hones your instincts and nind like necessity. VW hear sirens in the distance.
79) 5) dialog: So | taped a kilo of cocaine underneath your car and called the boys in blue. The way | figure it you got two ninutes before they show up and you do five to ten. yest er day we went slow. Today we go ast. Ricky flies out of the hammock and into the front yard wh his car is sitting. It’s already running. Ri CKY You sick crazy old- VW can see the cop cars dom the street. Ricky has no choi He jumps in the car and tears off. Reese watches as Ricky drives off. Hank and WIliams Jr co up to him
79) 7) dialog: | got another idea, why don’t you boys go dig a hole and |’I! have a beer. 10. EXT. Hi GHMWY - TH RTY SECONDS LATER Ricky is tearing ass onto the freeway wth three cop cars behind him He is driving very fast and very skillfully to get away. Ri CKY Son of a bitch. Son of a bitch. Son of a bitch. Ricky |ooks dom at the speedometer to see he’s going 160 nph. Ri CKY 160?... Whooo!!! Whooo! ! He hits a Uturn inthe middle of the freeway and turns off an exit losing the cops completely. He's really driving again.
88) 0) text: Ricky and Reese are driving hone. f2.
88) 1) dialog: | think we need to cel ebrate. Heck. Let’s go all out for once.
88) 16) dialog: | hate to be a pain darlin’, but | asked for no onions on ny steak sandw ch.
88) 18) dialog: Qkay... maybe don’t interrupt me-
88) 21) dialog: Yeah, well | think you did mean to and | also think you meant to put the goddam oni ons on ny sandw ch! Cause | think you're a nasty, nasty, little bitch!!! Ri CKY Dad, what’ s going on-
88) 24) dialog: Wy don’t you tell us what you’re really going to do Dolly! You're going to go in the back, smoke sone reefer wth the dishwashers and come back out here and act like a dirty hooker!!! She | eaves in tears. Ri CKY Dad why are you doing this?! VW’ ve had a great two weeks! !
88) 26) dialog: | don’t know wnat you’ re talking about. | said no onions. Manager walks up wth crying waitress.
88) 28) dialog: Qh Jimthank god you’re here. This alleged woman woo is part of your staff, came up to us, on wat is supposed to be an evening of celebration and said, in front of ny grandchildren, “Would you like to see the specials”. She then proceeded to lift up her shirt and show us half atitty.
88) 30) dialog: | wll never back dow from ny st at erent ! Reese Bobby takes a sip froma can of beer between his | e
88) 32) dialog: Jimhere’s the deal. | amfeelin’ rascally tonight and |’ mnot going anywhere. So let’s light this fuse and see wnat happens.
88) 34) dialog: Noooo! Aww! |’ ma veteran and di abetic!! Appl ebee’s has rats! | found a whole rat in ny cobb sal ad! ! They throw himdown into the parking | ot. Reese Bobby get and storms off. 16. Ri CKY Dad! Were are you going? Ricky starts to chase after him
88) 36) dialog: Gt away fromne Ficky! Let ne go! Don’t you get it! Your daddy is a live wrel Ri CKY Thi ngs were going good, weren't they? They’ ve stopped in the middle of the road. Cars are goin themwth their headlights on.
88) 37) dialog: That’s exactly why | had to blowit up. | don’t know what organ or bone peopl e have that makes them act right, but | was born wthout it. |’ mno good, plain and simple. Ri CKY Arhh! Don’t you get it? All those races | won. It was all for you. | did it just like you told re: If you aint first, you’re last.
88) 38) dialog: Wat’ re you talking about ? Ri CKY Wat you told me on the day at school for career day...if you aint first, you're last.
88) 39) dialog: Ricky | was probably high when | said that. | mean, hell, thinking like that could set you up for a life of poor choices and dangerous risk taking. Ri CKY Qh ny God...! can’t believe | listened to you... Vf.
88) 40) dialog: Look Ricky, | gotta go. |’ msorry. | really am Reese starts to walk off dom the road. Ri CKY Hey Dad! Reese stops. Ri CKY Wy didn’t you ever make it on the circuit?
88) 41) dialog: You wanna know why? Cause | wasn’t as good as you. Catch you | ater cowboy. Reese walks off leaving Ricky alone in the middle of the wth notorists honking their horns and yelling at Ricky. CUT TO.
123) 3) dialog: Hey Ricky. Let me ask you, who'd you wn that race for? Ri CKY || you one person | didn’t for... you.
123) 4) dialog: Just the answer | was | ooking for. | te it There’s a beat as they | ook around the empty parking | o
123) 5) dialog: | gotta say things are pretty much perfect right now And it’s makin’ me kinda of itchy. Ri CKY What’ d you say we all get throw out of an Appl ebee’ s?
123) 6) dialog: Yeah that’ d probably do the trick. They jump in the car and drive off to the horizon line. MUSIC: “| LOVE A RAINY NIGHT” - Eddi e Rabbi t