1) 0) text: It is career day and a class of twenty fourth graders are listening to a PARENT, 35, talking about his job wth his DAUGHTER, 9, next to him In the front rowis TEN YEAR CD RICKY, he wears braces and an ill-fitting, bright, orange collared shirt. He is clearly not one of the popular kids
1) 13) text: Reese Bobby is being forcibly removed fromthe school by three JAN TORS, while Ricky watches.
2) 1) text: W see a quick cut of the caution flag being waved. A hand full of cars pull into pit row. W focus on one parti cul car: #28 The Laughing Cow Milt Liquor Car as it weakly rolls to a stop. As soon as it stops the crewis all over changing tires and fueling up like they’ re involved in s kind of aut onoti ve ballet. Vé whip pan to the crewto see Ricky changing a tire. He’s the crew. HE 1S NOT THE DRIVER Fé still has a dorky spiky haircut and a pimple or two wth a nane tag reading “Ricky on his crew suit. The crew chi ef, LUCIUS WASHINGTON, an intimidating Afric Arerican man, starts talking to the driver.
2) 11) text: 1) Ricky being zipped up in the suit 2) Buckle clicking h into the seat 3)Gose up of a tire peeling out 4) The car tearing out of pit rowwth a vengeance MUSIC: STEVE EARLE’ S “LAST OF THE TROUBADOURS” ki cks in
4) 0) text: Ricky is moving and shaking. He’s got his spotter in his as well as Luci us.
6) 0) text: A reporter fromthe show RPMis intervi ewng Ricky.
8) 0) text: We see Ricky Bobby in his car approaching the finish line wth three cars in front of him He zig zags through them tapping bumpers and then throws a balled up piece of pape into Cal Naughton’s car as he wns. ANNOUNCER ( V. ©. ) Ricky Bobby wth sone go for broke driving takes the checkered flag!!! Do not try that at hore! ! Cal Naughton opens the piece of paper and it reads “Bye B CAL NAUGHTON JR. Cocky ass tire changer. MUSIC AND CRED! TS CONTI NUE TO ROLL. CUT TO.
9) 0) text: Ricky is doing big victory donuts in the infield, tearing grass. Ri CKY Wooo!!! Wooo!!! Wen he’s done we see from overhead that he’s witten “I’m #1” in the turf. INT. COUNTRY WESTERN BAR - Ni GHT Ricky is line dancing wth a dozen people behind him He’s got a different hairstyle and is alittle nore cleaned up.
10) 0) text: Ricky Bobby tries to j am between two cars approaching th finish line. ANNOUNCER ( V. ©. ) Ricky Bobby thinks he sees a gap but | sure as heck don’t... Ricky spins out and rolls into the infield. He gets out o his car and stands on the hood and waves two small Areri flags as the crow) cheers him ANNOUNCER ( V. ©. ) That’s Ricky Bobby’s third no finish of the year but the fans love himfor going for the wn. 10.
11) 0) text: Ricky is line dancing now wth a hundred peopl e behind hi He now | ooks good wth sone nice clothes and a good hairc
12) 0) text: Ricky is being introduced at the pre-race introductions. the crowd a hot drunk bl onde CARLEY, 25, is sitting on h DI RT BAGGY BOYFRI END S shoul ders in the crowd. W see h from behind as she takes off her top and flashes Ricky.
12) 2) dialog: | have found ny angel...
13) 0) text: Ricky carries Carley in wedding gow through the front doo of a huge MMansi on in a devel opment of identical Mansi There is a giant bow on it. They enter and make out furi ousl y.
15) 0) text: Ricky working on his engine wth some crew nenbers, turns carer a. Ri CKY H, |’mfR®cky Bobby and | love to be healthy but | also love deep fried pork products. But now! can enj oy both wth new Low Carb McG nty’s Cheese Pork Ri nds. Takes a bite and sniles... 11. EXT. OOUNTRY VESTERN BAR - Ni GHT Ricky is line dancing now wth literally two thousand peop behind him te rules the race scene.
16) 0) text: Ricky is being interviewed by DI CK BERGGRON for FOX in Victory Lane. Behind himhis crew and a crowd celebrate ye another victory.
17) 0) text: Ricky finishes his thought but now he’s on ESPN s The bot bei ng interviewed by Stuart Scott. Ri CKY -wecked into the cookie dough truck. | love-
19) 0) text: Ricky is being interviewed by Lou Dobbs. Ri CKY -that checkered flag shake. | love the speed, the bunpi ng- 12.
21) 0) text: Ricky is now on a Spanish | anguage talk show. Ri CKY - pit stops. They both chuckl e.
22) 0) text: Ricky finishing the chuckle and now bei ng interviewed by Qor ah Wof rey.
23) 0) text: Ricky is now being interviewed by Elm.
24) 0) text: Ricky is now surrounded by literally three hundred report wth casette recorders and mcs. W see this froman overhead shot . Ri CKY If you aint first, you’re last. Ricky gives a wnk and a click as hundreds of canera fire. 13.
25) 2) text: VW see a massive spread of fried chicken, burgers, veget biscuits etc. Ricky sits at the head of the table in a Mountain Dew var jacket. Their TWO SONS, 9 and 7 are there in Mountain Dew jackets as well. Carley and CARLEY’ S DAD, 71. They are all holding hands and saying grace. During the entire scene there is a dog barking in the backgr ound. Ri CKY Dear Lord baby Jesus or as our brothers to the south cal! you, Hey- zues. VWé thank you for this bountiful harvest of fried foods and Pepsi. And |’d also like to thank you for ny fanily; ny two beautiful sons, Hank and W11i ans Jr. And of course ny red hot wfe, who if you were to rate here ass on a scale of 100, it would easily be a 94. ( MORE)
27) 0) text: Ricky, in shades and his driving suit, strides past all t trailers set up in the infield.A constant stream of peopl come up to Ricky and ask for his autograph and follow him while he walks.
28) 0) text: Ricky leans into the wll call window. Ri CKY Hey Stephen, just makin’ sure those two tickets are here for ny special guest.
29) 0) text: The race is in its final twenty laps. Cal Naughton is | e wth two cars behind hi mand then Ricky.
30) 0) text: VW see the balcony of spotters watching the race from overhead wth binoculars. RICKY S SPOTTER 52, wtha must ache and sungl asses waves Ricky off.
30) 1) dialog: Do | got roomto pass bet ween the two cars in front of me? RICKY’ S SPOTTER Ricky there’s no room Stay in your | ane!
33) 0) text: Ricky has stopped spinning so that he’s facing the wong w He kicks the car into reverse and keeps going, BACKWARDS.
34) 59) dialog: Hey bartender! Gve ne a fast bal! wth atwst of lire!
40) 4) dialog: You so right. Sugar | love you so much, soretines | feel like I’m gonna have a sei zure. An out-of-breath Hershel! comes running up.
41) 0) text: Ricky sits in a chair, methodically sawng off his cast. QGccasi onall y he gets too close to his armand winces in EXT. Ri CHVOND SPEEDWAY - THE NEXT DAY The cars are making their way onto the track. The stands packed. Jet planes fly overhead.
42) 0) text: Ricky’s car is in pit row W see Carley is putting a gi an Fig Newon sticker across the front of Ricky's windshield. Ri CKY Baby, what’ re you doi ng?
44) 2) dialog: No, | need to know what’s going on in front of me. | can’t see a dam thing.
46) 0) text: Two FANS in Ricky Bobby shirts are drinking beers.
47) 0) text: Ricky taps a car and passes it by aninch. He’s now behind Grard.
47) 1) dialog: WI! hello Frenchie... Ricky is trying desperate to pass Grard.
48) 0) text: Ricky is right on Jean’s tail.
50) 0) text: The car flies over the wall, rolls over three times and h a concrete barricade exploding into a huge bal! of fl ane I mredi ately a safety truck and crewis on the scene wth extinguishers. They pulls Ricky clear and spray him Ri CKY Ahhhh! !!!
52) 4) text: | NT HOSPI TAL ROOM - Ni GHT Ricky’s very hazy POV of Carley leaning over him
53) 0) text: Ricky’s hazy POV of the enpty roomand only the sound of t heart monitor flat lining. After a second, a crash unit c into the roomled by a panicked RESIDENT, 25.
53) 7) dialog: Excuse me. Do you all knowif I’m dead? Cause if | am!’d sure love to meet Bruce Lee. He collapses on the ground as the Nurses run to him CUT TO. INT. LUCIUS’ PICK-UP TRUCK - THE NEXT DAY Lucius and M. Dennit pull into the Hospital parking | ot.
54) 0) text: Ricky is in a wheelchair playing basketball wth five othe guys in wheelchairs. Lucius and M. Dennit walk up wth Ricky’s Doctor.
55) 0) text: Ricky, Lucius and M. Dennit sit in the visitor's roomwtha TV pl aying in the backgr ound.
56) 0) text: Ricky, M. Dennit and Lucius walk through the Carden. Ri CKY So anyway, |’msorry and! don’t hope your boys | ose their | egs. (and t hen) ( MORE)
58) 0) text: VW see 30 Reporters in the stands of atest track. M. Dennit, Carley, Susan and Lucius all stand by the side of track. Ricky is in his car wiile Genn and Hershell give i final once over.
58) 9) text: Ri CKY Q, I’ mgoing take her high into the bank! This could get alittle hairy! Tell me if |’ mmaking you too nervous, y’all!! Vé see Ricky actually slows dow going into the banked tur
59) 0) text: Ricky is in a T-shirt and sweat pants. He’s drinking tea M. Dennit seated across fromhim It’s over. Ri CKY Those cars go fast don’t they? | don’t rerenber them goi ng that fast...
60) 0) text: MUSIC: Ronnie MIsap song fades out. Ricky, wth two pieces of | uggage and the boys in tow kno on a door. Lucy, Ricky’s Mom opens the door. 94.
65) 0) text: Ricky is driving nervously wth a stack of pizzas on his passenger side seat and a Dominos sign on top of his car. As he tries to read an address he clips a parked car, rip the fender off. Ri CKY Ah, hunp ne! o6. Immediately we see flashing red lights of a police car be him RAcky pulls over. The OFFICER wites hima ticket.
66) 0) text: Ricky is backing out of his spot in front of the pizza pl He backs into a shopping cart being pushed by a HOUSEWFE, sending it flying out of frame.
67) 0) text: The OFFI CER from before finishes giving Ricky a ticket.
68) 0) text: Ricky steps onto bus holding three large pizzas, puts tok into the counter and takes a seat. No one really | ooks a him except for one passenger. Ri CKY (to passenger ) | lost my license. |’ mdelivering pi zzas.
69) 0) text: Ricky cores riding up to his house on a kid’s BM bike wth pizza on the back. There’s a lino parked in front of the house. Cal Naughton Jr. gets out. CAL NAUGHTON JR. | never thought |’d live to see this day, Ricky Bobby on a bicycle. Ri CKY Hey Cal, what the hell you doing here? CAL NAUGHTON JR. Look Ricky |’ mgoing to make this short, you and | never |iked each other. And | guess you know by now that me and Carley fooled around many a night. Ri CKY No Cal, | didn’t know that. CAL NAUGHTON JR. (his voice gets high pi t ched) Véll, it’s good you didn’t knowit because | just made it up. It’s a lie, afunlie. | like to tell fun lies so that we can have a | augh. Ri CKY Wy is your voice gettin’ all high? CAL NAUGHTON JR. (back to normal ) Here’s the deal Ricky: that French bastard is ruining our sport. You get back on the track and together we can take him out. Ri CKY |’ mdone Cal. | don’t drive no nore. Hell, | don’t even have a license. Ricky starts to walk awgy. CAL NAUGHTON JR. | knewit Ricky! You're a coward! A stone cold coward!
69) 2) text: CAL NAUGHTON JR. (cont' d) You’ re a disgrace to every driver on the circuit! Cal spits on the ground. Ricky sheepi shl y walks back to the house...a broken man Naught on, | ooking pissed off, makes his way back to the only to see the LIMO DRIVER, in the middle of the street uri nating. CAL NAUGHTON JR. Hey man, what are you doi ng?!
70) 0) text: Lucy was watching the exchange bet ween Ricky and Cal thr the front w ndow. DI SSOLVE TO.
71) 0) text: Ricky rings the bell on a dingy-| ooking notel room After beat an OLDER MAN, 61, with a scraggly beard in his boxer opens the door. He’s sipping froma | ong neck. Ri CKY That’!! be eleven ninety three.
72) 0) text: Ricky and Lucy are in the kitchen. Ricky is emotional and furi ous. Ri CKY | can’t believe it!! This is the last thing | need now How could he have found ne! !? A dog begins to bark in the distance.
72) 13) dialog: No | don’t! | got a trophy that says | won the Daytona 500. They can’t never take that away fromne! 62.
73) 0) text: Ricky and his Dad stand facing his Dad’s muscle car. Ri CKY Alright Di ckweed, so what’s the pl an? 63.
73) 6) text: An!! Here | go... Ah! Ricky opens the door and inmedi ately the cougar | eaps o of him Knocking himto the ground, mauling him Ri CKY AWA! He’'s on me!!! He’s gonna eat re! !
74) 0) text: Lucy is washing dishes. Ricky enters | ooking like hell.
75) 0) text: Ricky and his dad are standing by Ricky’s car on a dirt o track. 66.
75) 2) dialog: Alright. How fast?
77) 0) text: Ricky is behind the wreel wth a blindfold on. Hs Dad is next to himin the passenger seat. Ri CKY This is crazy. | can’t see.
79) 0) text: Ricky is asleep in a hammock. Suddenly a bucket of water thrown onto Ricky’s face. He awakes wth a start to find h Dad wth a beer in hand standing over him Ri CKY Ah!
81) 0) text: Ricky unwaps the package to reveal a bag of Lucky Charns cereal, Wth anoteinit. It reads, “FEELS GOOD GING FAST,
82) 0) text: Ricky is driving his Dad’s car wth the live cougar seated next to him Ricky |ooks confident and at ease, so does th cougar .
84) 0) text: Ricky drives by a kid sitting on the curb. He stops and w he pulls away the kid now has Ricky’s BM bike.
86) 0) text: VW see a sign that says Department of Motor Vehicles Wtha wiite line and a starting point for the drivers test. No is there. Then after a beat we hear screeching tires and Ricky bl ows into frame doing a sideways turn into a scre st op. Ri CKY There’s your Mother flippin’ driving test. VW see a TERRIFIED OFFICER next to Reky in the car Wtha clip board. TERRI Fl ED OFFI CER M. Bobby... you are magnificent. The cougar pops up fromthe back and grows. TERRI Fl ED OFFI CER Ah!
87) 0) text: There’s a quick flash of Ricky getting his picture taken. gives a wink.
88) 0) text: Ricky and Reese are driving hone. f2.
89) 0) text: Ricky is laying in his childhood race car bed surrounded posters of great drivers fromthe early eighties. Hs Mm walks in.
92) 0) text: Vé hear the voice of Lucius, Ricky’s former crewchief as see the stage.
92) 3) dialog: | swear to God, if you were twenty- years-old, blonde and a wonan, I'd kiss you! They | augh Ri CKY But you’re not. You’re a 50-year - old, bald black man. They hug.
93) 0) text: Ricky and Lucius are having drinks at a table. During the entire length of their conversation, a stripper’s bikini runp is positioned in between them and cones in and out o frame. They never acknow edge this in any way.
95) 0) text: Ricky, and his newy reassenbl ed team are unl oadi ng the fromthe back of the trailer. It’s covered wth a tarp.
96) 0) text: Jean Grard, an ASIAN MANin a white suit and two GORGEOUS MODELS all recline on a large, white blanket eating gourm cheese and fruits, while drinking wne. Ricky walks up as they just finish their conversation he’s being escorted b Jean's fashi onabl e personal ASSISTANT, who is dressed l bell hop at the Chateau Marnont.
96) 13) dialog: So you’ re going to | ose on purpose?
97) 0) text: Ricky and his sons are watching TV on the foldout bed. It the Speed Channel .
99) 0) text: Ricky and his teamare gathered around the car by pit row The team! ooks exhaust ed.
99) 2) dialog: Hot-dog. It’s like | ooking up Pam Anderson's skirt.
102) 0) text: Lucius, furious, speaks to Ricky on the headset.
103) 0) text: Ri CKY Sorry Lucius! M nerves are junpin’! W see Ricky Bobby start to pass sone cars.
113) 0) text: Ricky in an interview limbo talks to canera. 98.
113) 1) dialog: |’ ve always been a risk taker. And because it rhymes, |’ malso a bit of a heartbreaker. You see what | did, risk taker... heartbreaker ? It’s fun to do that wth words. (He listens to an off camera question) ) Wy am! arisk taker? | think it’s ingrained in all Americans to take risks. | mean if we didn’t say “hey, horses suck, let’s drive a car” then we wouldn’t be here. @ if we didn’t go, “hey, | like cold cuts and crackers but why can’t | have themall together in one convenient package,” then we woul dn’ t have Lunchabl es.
118) 0) text: Ricky gets out of his car and rips off his helmet, while pit row, Jean does the sane thing. 101. Ri CKY That felt good. Who won? Susan runs up to him
120) 0) text: Ricky and Jean pull up next to each other. Ri CKY Qe lap for all the marbles?
122) 0) text: Drivers and crew converge on Ricky. The crowd is clinbing over the walls and flooding onto the field. Rocky sees Je and @egory waving to himwth sniles on their face. 105.
122) 7) dialog: | don’t think so Carley...
123) 0) text: Ricky is leaving wth Susan and Hank and Wiliams Jr. The parking lot is pretty much enpty. Ri CKY (to Susan) That was sone nice work you did rounding up those sponsors. You ever think about co-owni ng a t ean?