42) 2) dialog: Here’s the aspirin you wanted M. Bobby. What’s on your wi ndshi el d? Ri CKY It’s a giant Fig Newon sticker.
42) 3) dialog: Isn’t that dangerous? 38.
58) 0) text: VW see 30 Reporters in the stands of atest track. M. Dennit, Carley, Susan and Lucius all stand by the side of track. Ricky is in his car wiile Genn and Hershell give i final once over.
58) 3) dialog: Yes Ms. Bobby.
58) 15) dialog: Wat happened? 91.
95) 3) dialog: Here you go Ricky. Ri CKY Susie! What a dam treat!
95) 4) dialog: Ricky, you | ook great. The car is off the truck. Ri CKY Now the sponsors | got aren’t high end but they kicked in enough to get us this car... Hershell pulls the cover off the car revealing the new sponsors: RAVEN THONGS FOR MEN, JIM PRI DEVORTHY, ATTORNE LAW FI SHER PRICE GAS STATION PLAY SET; THE HULLMONT Hi G SCHOOL SKI CLUB; CATWOMAN ON DVD and DR LANE’ S BATH SALT FOR MENOPAUSE AND RACCOON BI TES.
95) 7) dialog: Hey! Ricky has worked his ass off to put this together! What did you all sign up for? Because | thought it was all about racing! Yes, these are mangy sponsors but guess what ? Their money's green like everyone else's. Besides, it’s what inside that takes you to Victory Lane...and if these stickers ain't pretty enough for you, then why don’t you go back to working at the Pep Boys, for six bucks an hour!!!
95) 9) dialog: Hope | didn’t say too nuch. Susan blushes as Lucius lifts the hood to reveal the engi It’s a weck. Sore pieces are missing and it’s a bit ruste
95) 13) dialog: Were’re you going Ricky? Ri CKY |’ mgonna go let Jean Grard know that |’ mconming for him CUT TO.
100) 9) dialog: Listen to me. Don’t worry about them that’s teenage soap- opera crap. Now! talked to Luci ous and had him! oosen up the car, so that you could do sore driving. Watch Gerrard in the turns, that’s when he likes to make his pass. Ri CKY How did you get like this?
100) 10) dialog: Three years of bring people coffee at a racetrack, you | earn something about driving. Nowlet’s go!!
118) 0) text: Ricky gets out of his car and rips off his helmet, while pit row, Jean does the sane thing. 101. Ri CKY That felt good. Who won? Susan runs up to him
118) 1) dialog: That was amazing Ricky! Ri CKY | almost don’t care if | won. But seriously, did | wn?
123) 0) text: Ricky is leaving wth Susan and Hank and Wiliams Jr. The parking lot is pretty much enpty. Ri CKY (to Susan) That was sone nice work you did rounding up those sponsors. You ever think about co-owni ng a t ean?
123) 1) dialog: Maybe, wth the right driver...