10) 2) text: Oh, God, I hope there's nothing physically wrong with me, either. Mickey pushes open the outside door of Dr. Abel's office, the movie cuts to the doctor's consultation room.  The doctor is framed in the doorway, looking through a file cabinet.
10) 3) dialog: (taking out Mickey's file)
10) 6) text: This time I really think I have something. While Mickey answers him offscreen, Dr. Abel turns and wa toward him.  The camera follows the doctor's movements fr the other side of the wall, obscuring him briefly. It moves across a dark examining-room wall to a second doorway, where Mickey sits on a stool, continuing to talk the offscreen Dr. Abel.
10) 8) text: I mean, I'm absolutely convinced that-that-- You know, I mean, it's not like that adenoidal thing, you know, where I didn't realize I had them out. Dr. Abel walks back onscreen.  Both he and Mickey are now seen through the second doorway.  Dr. Abel sniffs and sta directly in front of the sitting Mickey.  He stares down him as Mickey talks.
10) 11) dialog: (overlapping, interrupting)
10) 15) dialog: (continuing)
10) 18) dialog: (interrupting)
10) 22) text: ...or my left ear, my, my left...oh, n-n-n-no.  No, I'm sorry.  It was my right, my right, my right or my left ear. Dr. Abel chuckles.
10) 25) dialog: Let's take a look. An uptempo big-band sound is heard as the movie cuts to Mickey's examination, beginning with a close-up of Dr. Ab using an otoscope to examine the ear of a nervous Mickey. Next is a hearing test.  The film shows the doctors's han turning the dials on a sonometer.  Mickey sits on a nearb high stool, large earphones on his head.  He listens with such concentration that he squints his eyes.  He holds up finger in response to the sounds he hears in his headset. Finally, the film shows Dr. Abel hitting a large turning fork with his finger.  He puts the vibrating fork to Mick ear.  Mickey, looking up at the offscreen doctor's face, The music stops as the film cuts back to Dr. Abel's consultation room.  Dr. Abel walks from the examining roo through the consultation room, to a second examining room across the way.  He talks to the offscreen Mickey as he w
10) 26) dialog: Well, I'm sorry to say you have had a significant drop in the high- decibel range of your right ear.
10) 28) text: Really?! Dr. Abel moves offscreen in the second examining room.  T camera stays focused on the doorway to this room as the doctor and Mickey talk offscreen.
10) 29) dialog: (offscreen)
10) 32) text: No, I-I've been perfectly healthy. You know me. Dr. Abel briefly passes by the doorway.
10) 35) dialog: (offscreen)
10) 38) text: Oh, uh, about a month ago.  Wha- what do I have? Looking preoccupied, Dr. Abel walks back into the consultation room, holding Mickey's open file.  He stride over to his desk, revealing a frightened Mickey, sitting a chair opposite it.  Still standing, the doctor leans ov the desk, his back to the camera, and makes a few notes i the file.
10) 39) dialog: You've had some dizzy spells. (sighing)
10) 43) dialog: (making more notes in the file)
10) 46) text: Yes, is it, is it, uh, healthier to have problems in both ears? Dr. Abel chuckles as he closes Mickey's file and straight up.  The camera looks past his back and shoulders to the anxious Mickey.
10) 47) dialog: (his face offscreen)
10) 50) dialog: (sighing)
10) 55) dialog: (sniffing)
10) 58) dialog: (shaking his head)
11) 0) text: Mickey stands in a telephone booth on a corner near Dr. Abel's office; he talks on the phone.  It is raining.  A and a woman holding an umbrella pass by; traffic moves across a nearby intersection.