0) 18) text: Have you tried these?  These are wonderful. (nibbling, swallowing)
0) 42) text: No, no, we decided! Holly takes a sip of her drink as Hannah and Elliot walk over to her.
1) 0) text: Hannah, licking her fingers, walks past a memo-cluttered refrigerator to the stove as Holly, behind her, begins to speak.  The faint sounds of music are still heard.
1) 8) text: Someday, I'll pay it all back.
1) 20) text: Well, in order to get started, there's just a few things I have to buy... (gesturing)
1) 28) text: I swear.  I swear.  We've already got some requests to do a few dinner parties. A timer goes off.  Hannah walks past Holly to attend to s food on a different stove.  Holly turns to face her.  Onl Holly is seen as she talks to the offscreen Hannah, the camera moving in closer on her face.  As Holly speaks, sh distractedly nibbles an hors d'oeuvre.  In the background her parents can be heard singing in the living room.
2) 0) text: The living room is crowded with family and guests sitting comfortably on chairs near the piano, where Evan, Hannah' father, plays "Bewitched" as Hannah's mother, Norma, sits nearby, accompanying him in their duet.  A child is spraw out under a blanket on a sofa; some guests chatter quietl others drink and eat, listening. EVAN &amp; NORMA (singing)
2) 1) text: "A whimpering, simpering Child again Bewitched, bothered, and bewildered Am I..." As they continue to sing, the film cuts back to the kitch where Lee, carrying some glasses, enters through the door
2) 4) text: Aah... Hey, have you tried Holly and her friend's shrimp puffs?
2) 12) text: I need an antihistamine.  Mom thinks she's feeling her asthma, and so...
2) 52) text: Frederick didn't come with her.
2) 54) text: When does Frederick ever come with her?
2) 57) text: "A pill he is But still he is All mine and I'll Keep him until he is Bewitched, a'both--"
3) 10) text: Oh, gosh.  Well, you know, that's why I invited Phil Gammage tonight. As the sisters talk, the piano music stops.  There's the sound of light applause as Evan begins a new song, faintl heard in the dining room.
3) 23) text: His Adam's apple keeps jumping up and down whenever he gets excited.
3) 47) text: I mean, I've looked everywhere.
3) 62) text: No, really, we mustn't get discouraged. As Holly continues to tease her sister, Hannah opens a drawer in the cabinet.  She takes out two apples decorate with paper turkey heads and tails and hands them to April
3) 66) text: Mmm. April starts to put the turkey apples on the table.  A bemused Hannah takes two more out of the cabinet and plac one of them on the table as well.
3) 83) text: Oh, well, you know Frederick.  One of his moods.  Although it wasn't a bad week.  He (onscreen)
3) 86) text: Oh, great. The camera stays with Lee as she walks around the room, p another curtained window, a television set, and a rolltop desk.  She absently flips through the book as she talks t the offscreen Elliot.
3) 88) text: It's funny, you know, it's a funny feeling to know you're being hung naked in some stranger's living room. Lee puts the book she's been holding down on the desk, on to pick up another one.  She looks at the offscreen Ellio
3) 90) text: You're turning all red, Elliot. She reacts.  The camera moves to a blushing Elliot, follo him now as he walks across the room.
3) 97) text: I don't know exactly. As Elliot reaches inside the stereo shelf, grabbing a bot of antihistamines, the camera moves back to Lee, who sits down on the bed.  She is still holding a book.
3) 100) text: Incidentally, I-I always have clients who are furnishing places. Some of them might-might be interested in buying art.  Shall I, shall I call you? (chuckling self-consciously)
3) 102) text: You know, uh, Frederick would really by grateful for a sale. She chuckles; Elliot smiles and chuckles with her.
3) 106) text: Dinner's ready. Hannah, eating a carrot stick, enters the bedroom.  The camera stays with her momentarily as she walks towards Elliot and Lee.
4) 0) text: Everyone is seated around the table for Thanksgiving dinn Facing the camera are Holly, Lee, Norma, and Hannah.  She sits to the left of Elliot, who's at the head of the tabl On his right is Evan; April sits next to him.  She and th other guests sit with their backs to the screen.  The tab overflows with food, floral decorations, and candles.  In the background, the children sit at a separate table; a m serves them turkey.  The guests chatter comfortably among themselves as they eat.
4) 35) text: And we drink to her, and we all congratulate her on her wonderful accomplishment during this last year...her great success in A Doll's House! The group continues to cheer as they all toast Hannah.  S reacts, smiling but embarrassed.
4) 38) text: I played Nora.  I hate to tell you what year... The guests, sipping their wine, quiet down as Norma conti to speak.  Lee and Holly unsuccessfully try to contain th laughter.  Mavis reenters the dining room to serve more f to the children.
4) 47) text: I don't know about that.  Oh, no, I just, see, I-I've been very, very lucky.  W-when I had the kids, I decided to stop working and just, you know, devote myself to having the family, and I've been very, very happy (banging her fists lightly on the table)
4) 48) text: but...I've always secretly hoped that maybe some little gem would come along and tempt me back on the stage...
4) 54) text: Oh, bravo!  Bravo! Hannah, still embarrassed, looks down at a plate.  The gr applauds once more, toasting and drinking, and warmly sounding their approval.
5) 2) text: It's funny.  I've had that thought before.  He pays a lot of attention to me all the time, and he blushed tonight when we were alone in the bedroom.  I wonder if he and Hannah are happy?  It's funny, I...I still feel a little buzz from his flirting.
6) 4) text: No, thank you. Lee continues to walk, past a modern chaise, a bookcase, some sofas, two columns.  Lamps hang down from the ceilin The classical music still plays in the background.  Lee stops at a plastic-enclosed work area.  Frederick can be seen working at a drawing board on the other side of the clear plastic screen.
6) 12) text: As Lee walks over to the drawing board where Frederick is sitting, he is seen intently cleaning some paintbrushes w a rag.  Lee stands by him, leaning over the board, and lo directly at him.  The table is filled with cans of brushe and artist's equipment.
6) 14) text: And why didn't you come tonight? We all had a terrific time.  I really think you would have enjoyed yourself.
6) 23) text: You're too harsh with everyone. You know that, don't you? Frederick and Lee embrace; Lee sighs.
6) 34) text: when you were very happy to be only with me.  You wanted to learn everything about poetry, about music.
6) 38) text: I don't think so. Lee kisses Frederick twice, then releases him and walks o of the work area.
6) 40) text: Oh, Elliot said he might have a couple of clients for you. Lee walks over to the loft's stereo area, pulling up the sleeves of her sweater as Frederick talks.
6) 58) text: Oh, no, no, no.  He's my sister's husband.  And I think if you gave him half a chance, you'd like him. He's very intelligent. Lee sits down next to Frederick; he takes her hand.
6) 61) text: You understand? Lee kisses Frederick back on the cheek.  They embrace. Frederick laughs; their embrace gets tighter.
7) 12) text: If we have to... They are all now seen walking down the new corridor towar the camera.  The corridor is crowded with busy TV personn The group continues to talk frantically as people hurry p them.  One man pushes rudely past Mary as he walks; she looks back at him briefly.
7) 25) text: Why me, Lord?  What did I-- He is interrupted by Ed Smythe, an official from the Standards and Practices Department, who's been standing i the corridor waiting for Mickey.  Mickey stops and shakes Ed's hand as if he'd known the official would be there. Gail stops by his side while the others walk into a background studio doorway that is busy with scurrying personnel.
7) 28) dialog: Ed Smythe, yes.
7) 30) dialog: (gesturing)
7) 34) dialog: (continuing)
7) 38) dialog: (pointing at Mickey)
7) 41) text: We nev-- We don't name names! (turning to Gail for support, briefly touching her shoulders, then looking back at Ed)
7) 45) dialog: That sketch...
7) 48) dialog: (continuing)
7) 52) text: Hey! Mickey, Gail, and Ed turn towards the writer.
7) 54) text: Who changed my sketch about the PLO? Mickey and Gail walk over to the angry writer, Ed forgott with this new crisis.
7) 59) text: Oh, you're crazy!  It's not so delicate.  Everybody's married to every line. The writer reacts angrily.  Gail tries to get Mickey's attention as they walk.
7) 67) text: You want 'em cut?!  I'll cut 'em myself! Mickey, still in surprised shock, turns away from the ang writer.  He stands by an open dressing room, where Ron, a actor, slouches, dazed, in a chair facing a makeup mirror People mill in the background behind the actor.
7) 95) text: You want a Quaalude? Mickey, as reflected in the mirror, starts to pace as the movie cuts to:
8) 0) text: Norman, a Los Angeles TV producer and Mickey's former partner, is driving down a peaceful street lined with pal trees.  He's wearing sunglasses and headphones.  He click his fingers in time to the music only he hears on his Walkman.  He's smiling contentedly while Mickey talks ove the sun-filled scene.  The continuous background jazz pla louder.
9) 0) text: As Mickey finishes his ruminations, Hannah is seen walkin towards her front door.  She opens it, her back to the camera.  Mickey stands there holding two boxed gifts.  Th jazz stops.
10) 2) text: Oh, God, I hope there's nothing physically wrong with me, either. Mickey pushes open the outside door of Dr. Abel's office, the movie cuts to the doctor's consultation room.  The doctor is framed in the doorway, looking through a file cabinet.
10) 8) text: I mean, I'm absolutely convinced that-that-- You know, I mean, it's not like that adenoidal thing, you know, where I didn't realize I had them out. Dr. Abel walks back onscreen.  Both he and Mickey are now seen through the second doorway.  Dr. Abel sniffs and sta directly in front of the sitting Mickey.  He stares down him as Mickey talks.
10) 16) text: ...and, uh, he complained of chest pains.
10) 19) text: You mentioned on the phone that you'd had some dizziness.
10) 28) text: Really?! Dr. Abel moves offscreen in the second examining room.  T camera stays focused on the doorway to this room as the doctor and Mickey talk offscreen.
10) 30) text: Have you been exposed to a loud noise recently, or did you have a virus?
10) 38) text: Oh, uh, about a month ago.  Wha- what do I have? Looking preoccupied, Dr. Abel walks back into the consultation room, holding Mickey's open file.  He stride over to his desk, revealing a frightened Mickey, sitting a chair opposite it.  Still standing, the doctor leans ov the desk, his back to the camera, and makes a few notes i the file.
10) 40) text: What about ringing and buzzing? Have you, uh, noticed any of that?
10) 51) text: Now, don't get alarmed.  These are just more sophisticated audiometry tests than I can run here. (gesturing)
11) 2) text: Huh, uh, hello, Dr. Wilkes?  Dr. Wilkes, this is Mickey Sachs.  You have a minute?  I want to ask you a question. The film cuts to Dr. Wilkes, on the telephone at his end. He is in his office; he leans back in his chair, dangling his stethoscope as he speaks.  Behind him, a chest X-ray mounted on a light panel.
11) 8) text: Anything.  Uh, often it's hereditary. Flu, uh, even a small noise will do it.
12) 0) text: Gail, wearing her glasses, stands behind a crowded but we ordered desk.  Two assistants, a man and a woman, stand around her.
12) 33) text: Oh, God! (looking around worriedly and touching Gail's shoulder)
12) 62) text: Everyone was pointing back here. He sighs again as Gail, frustrated, gestures impatiently the papers on the desk.
13) 0) text: An abstract painting on a wall fills the screen.  Light laughter is heard, as well as the sophisticated music; offscreen brunch guests chatter indistinctly.
13) 16) text: Thank you. Holly finally makes her way into the cluttered loft kitch Her tray is empty.
13) 18) text: The Stroganoff is ready. Holly, excited, runs over to April, who is busy taking th Stroganoff out of the oven.  She wears the same uniform a Holly: black skirt, white shirt, and black bowtie.
13) 23) text: You will be.  You will be.  You'll get five jobs next week. David walks over to Holly, who is busy at the pot-and-pan covered stove.
13) 64) text: I'm sorry. April walks offscreen to another area of the kitchen.  Ho picks up a napkin from the crowded table.
13) 70) text: Now I'm going to tell you the truth. I really came in here because I was bored stiff by the party.
13) 72) text: What makes you think we're more interesting? David walks around the table, putting the plate of clams down on the already crowded surface.  Holly follows him, chuckling, throwing her napkin into an offscreen garbage as David stops at a small television set near the doorway Guests in the other room can be seen chatting together in clusters.
13) 74) text: Actually, I'm going to listen to Aida, if I'm not getting in your way. Canned laughter and miscellaneous chatter is heard from t television set.  David watches the set, still munching on clam, while Holly and April reassure him offscreen.
13) 80) text: We saw, um, Pavarotti, eh, uh, in Ernani at the Met, and I cried...
13) 84) text: Oh, I-I-I go limp in the last scene in La Traviata.  Limp. Holly chuckles as David, listening to April, impressed, walks over to her.  She is standing by the table.
14) 0) text: A contemporary red building, designed by David, is seen, squeezed in between two older buildings.  Holly, April, a David talk offscreen.
14) 2) text: Wow, it's the red one?
14) 8) text: It's terrific! The film moves down from the buildings to reveal the trio sitting in David's Jaguar across the street.  David and April sit in the front seat; Holly sits scrunched up in back, her head slightly forward.
14) 10) text: The design's deliberately noncontextural.  But I wanted to... keep the atmosphere of the street, you know, and the proportions.
14) 38) text: Great. David starts the car and the movie cuts to an unfolding visual excursion through New York City's landmark buildin as seen from the trio's point of view in the moving Jagua Inspiring classical music plays in the background. The series of shots includes the Dakota, complete with surrounding winter trees, the Graybar building on Lexingt Avenue, an incredibly ornate building on Seventh Avenue a Fifty-eighth Street, a red-stone church, an old building with embellished, bulging windows on West Forty-fourth Street, the Art Deco Chrysler Building, a red-brick build Abigail Adams's old stone house, and the Pomander Walk nestled off Broadway on the Upper West Side.  The group c be seen walking down the path between the old-fashioned r houses and shrubbery.  A lamppost sits in the foreground. It is now dark.  The music continues to play as the film cuts to the façade of a rococo-style building, complete French doors and ornate windows.  The admiring group is heard offscreen.
14) 58) text: They fit right in together.  And your eye goes along, lulled into complacency, and then... The film moves from the two elegant façade to show an ug ultra-modern structure covered with tiny, diamond-shaped motifs.
14) 74) text: It does. The film moves from the ugly façade to the building's equally ugly entrance.  A large car is parked right in fr of the building.
14) 82) text: A lot of works. The group is now seen walking down the canopied entrance stairs of an apartment house on the other side of the street, where they'd been gazing at both the lovely and u façades across the way.  David is in the lead; the women follow, Holly slightly behind April.
14) 92) text: Uh, who gets dropped first?
14) 114) text: Right.  Yeah, but Fifth is so jammed, isn't it? She looks at David.
14) 118) text: I mean, it's jammed.  If we went... um... Both she and April mumble awkwardly.
14) 136) text: And I really like him a lot.  Oh, screw it.  I'm not gonna get all upset.  I've got reading to do tonight.  You know, maybe I'll get into bed early.  I'll turn to a movie and take an extra Seconal. The classical music stops and some uptempo jazz begins. screen cuts to black and a title appears. "...nobody, not even the rain, has such small hands."
15) 0) text: The movie briefly holds on a ripped, red, paint-splattere door as Elliot, wearing a raincoat, appears nearby.  He looks down the street and the film cuts to his point of view: Frederick's loft building. The movie goes back to the impatient Elliot; he's looking around him.  He glances at his watch as the film cuts bac once again to the loft building, where Lee finally appear walking down the street away from Elliot.  A truck passes down the street.  Lee doesn't see him.  She walks further and further away; she turns a corner. Elliot frantically looks around again; then, in a burst o decision, he runs around a garbage dump, crossing the street, and still running, he moves down an adjacent stre past The Canal Lumber Company and several other buildings as the film cuts back to Lee, walking down a different street, oblivious. The jazz plays on as the movie cuts back and forth betwee the fast-moving Elliot, rushing down the SoHo streets, pa a truck waiting for a light to change, past some pedestri some garbage cans, turning corners, and the strolling Lee walking up different streets, past different buildings. Lee eventually crosses a street, lost in thought, looking right and left, as Elliot, pretending nonchalance, waits the corner, looking at his watch.  She looks up in surpri the music stops.
15) 27) text: Where are you headed?
15) 31) text: Well, listen, you didn't know me before Frederick.  I'd...I'd start with a beer at about ten in the morning, and...go on.
15) 43) text: Don't let me get started on my childhood. (stopping in her tracks, remembering)
15) 67) text: Your book?  You wanted to buy a book? The camera moves past another aisle of books to reveal Le browsing through a shelf.
15) 72) text: Well, you sure picked the right place.  I mean, you can stay here all afternoon, not buy anything and just read. She walks down a center aisle, the camera still in its parallel aisle, following her.
15) 87) text: Yes? Elliot starts walking down the center aisle, in the same direction Lee had walked up.  He continues to talk to her she remains offscreen in a nearby row.
15) 96) text: How-how's Frederick? Elliot stops walking to browse through some books. "Bewitched" still plays.
15) 98) text: Fine.  Oh, we went to the Caravaggio exhibition at the Met.  It's such a treat to go through a museum with Frederick.  I mean...you learn so much.  Do you like Caravaggio?
15) 101) text: Look! Elliot turns and walks back down the center aisle to a ro of books he'd already passed.
15) 132) text: And, uh, d-don't forget the poem on page a hundred and twelve.  It reminded me of you. A taxi pulls over to the curb; they walk over to it.
15) 136) text: Page a hundred and twelve.
16) 0) text: Lee, in slacks and shirt, is curled up on the bed, her ba to the camera, as she reads the e.e. cummings poem in the glow of a night-table lamp.  The piano music is still hea
16) 2) text: "your slightest look easily will unclose me though I have closed myself as fingers, you open always petal by petal myself... As Lee continues to read aloud, the movie cuts to Elliot' darkened den, lit by a light in the hallway.  Elliot ente wearing a robe, crossing the room in the dark.
16) 6) text: "nobody, not even the rain, has such small hands." The film leaves Elliot's face and cuts back to the loft, where Lee, having finished the poem, sits up in the bed, staring pensively, lost in her thoughts.
17) 0) text: A sitting Dr. Grey, his back to the camera, is examining group of X-rays clipped to the light board behind his des
17) 3) text: You see this little gray area here? Mickey stares at the X-ray, horrified.
18) 0) text: Mickey is seen leaving the hospital.  He strides slowly, shoulders slouched, his hands in his pockets. His voice is heard over the screen as he crosses the stre continuing his self-absorbed walk on the opposite side. Occasional traffic goes by.
18) 2) text: Nothing's gonna happen to you. You're in the middle of New York City.  This is your town.  You're surrounded by people and traffic and restaurants. Mickey brushes against a heavyset man who gives him a nas look.  Mickey is so dazed, he doesn't even notice.
19) 0) text: The dark bedroom is abruptly lit as Mickey, lying in his bed, wakes up with a start and turns on his night-table l
19) 2) text: All right now, take it easy, will you?  It's not on your lungs.  It's on your ear.  No, it's the same thing, isn't it? (pulling the sheets off and sitting on the edge of his bed)
19) 4) text: N-now I keep thinking I can feel it every time I blink!  Oh, Jesus! He-he-he wants me to do a brain scan to confirm what he already suspects. Mickey, still ruminating, stands up.  Fixing his pants, h walks out of his bedroom loft into a dark upper hallway.
19) 10) text: I'm sorry to say, Mr. Sachs, that you cannot have children. The camera moves to Dr. Smith's point of view: Hannah and Mickey, sitting on the opposite side of the desk.  They l stunned.
19) 16) text: Well, naturally, this doesn't mean that you can't have a normal sex life. (walking over to the opened office door and closing it)
19) 17) text: But Mr. Sachs's tests indicate that he is infertile.  Small sperm volume and infertile. The camera moves back to the stunned Mickey and Hannah, following Dr. Smith with their eyes.
19) 26) text: Well, then a third opinion. Dr. Smith walks back to his high-backed leather chair beh the desk and sits down.  As he talks, the camera moves closer and closer to his face.
20) 0) text: Mickey and Hannah walk on the sidewalk, oblivious of the passing pedestrians.  Hannah, crying, blows her nose.
20) 2) text: I'm so humiliated.  I don't know what to say.  I mean--
20) 4) text: Could you have ruined yourself somehow?
20) 16) text: You know, where I-I-I would get implanted from a-a donor.
20) 18) text: What, by a st-stranger? Deep in conversation, they cross a tree-lined street.  Th pass a yellow wood-frame house bordered by a wrought-iron fence.
20) 21) text: Fro--?  You want a-a defrosted kid? Is that your idea?
20) 25) text: Just think about it.  That's all I ask. They walk offscreen and the film cuts to Hannah and Micke living room.  The room is brightly lit; it's cluttered wi pillows and plants.  Norman and Carol, his wife, sit on t couch drinking coffee.
20) 53) text: We-we...we had something we-we really wanted to discuss with you.
20) 57) text: Jeez, this is, this is, this is very delicate and-and I only bring this up amongst friends, you know. He starts to pace.  Hannah, her hands clasped near her fa glances briefly at Carol.
20) 67) text: W-w-we-we've decided after a lot of discussion that we-we'd try with artificial insemination. Mickey stops his pacing and looks at the group.
20) 74) text: Right.  We felt that if we were gonna do it, that we would like somebody who we knew and who we liked and who was warm and bright and... Norman and Carol remain silent.
20) 79) text: Well... My first reaction after the initial shock is, uh, flattered that you would ask me. (chuckling nervously)
20) 107) text: Now let's move on to another topic. Hannah reaches for the cake as Carol and Norman exchange glances, reacting. The flashback ends.  Mickey is back in the present in his darkened living room, illuminated by a glow from a window behind the couch.  A coffee table sits in front of the co Papers are scattered on the floor.  Mickey gets up from t couch where he'd been sitting.  He paces back and forth a he talks over the screen.
20) 109) text: I think we were drifting apart anyhow.  Now instead of man and wife we're just good friends.  Boy, love is really unpredictable.
21) 0) text: Manon Lescaut is being performed.  Onstage, the soprano i the title role sings a mournful aria as she kneels by the ruins of a wagon.  The background is dark.  The film move up to the private boxes in the upper loge.  David and Hol can be seen from a distance sitting in one of the boxes. David glances at her; he reaches down for a bottle of win The movie briefly cuts back to the stage.  The soprano is leaning on a wagon wheel; her voice soars.  Then it's bac to a closer look at Holly and David in their box.  The ar continues as David hands a smiling Holly a glass.  He uncorks the wine and pours some in both their glasses. Holly mouths a thank you, glancing around.  They look at each other and raise their glasses in a toast.
21) 3) text: Lee, Frederick...say hello to Dusty Frye. Lee closes the door behind the men and walks over to Dust
21) 14) text: I told him about your work, and he's very excited.
21) 17) text: If you stare at that Stella too long, the colors just seem to float. It's kinda weird. Frederick covers his face to hide his disgust.
21) 19) text: Are you excited about becoming a collector?
21) 30) text: Yeah. (chuckling as he notices and points to some offscreen drawings Frederick has set up)
21) 32) text: She's beautiful.  But, uh, really, I-I-I-I need something... I'm looking for something big. As Dusty talks, the camera follows Elliot, who walks past the others to examine the drawings more closely.  Two fra nude drawings of Lee are propped up on an easel.  Elliot glances admiringly at the drawings, then surreptitiously Lee, admiring her body as she converses with an offscreen Dusty and Frederick.
21) 34) text: Big.  Frederick, show him the oils.
21) 36) text: They're in the basement. The camera leaves Elliot to follow the enthusiastic Lee a she takes Dusty by the arm and starts leading him to the door.  Frederick follows at a distance.
21) 38) text: Frederick's done this whole new series that I'm sure you would really love.
21) 46) text: Oh, Frederick! The camera now moves back to Elliot, still staring at the nude drawings, as the sounds of Frederick's and Dusty's footsteps are heard leaving the loft.  He turns and hesitantly smiles to an offscreen Lee.
21) 50) text: Oh, you know...I talked to Hannah this morning on the phone, and she said that you two might be going to the country for the weekend.
21) 59) text: I figured I'd get, uh, Frederick and Dusty together.
21) 67) text: Oh, speaking of records...I bought that Mozart Trio you recommended... The camera follows Lee as she walks quickly to the stereo unit, pulling a record off the shelf.
21) 69) text: ...and the man in the record shop showed me another one that I think you'd love.  It's a... another Bach, second movement. She pulls the record out of its jacket and puts it on the turntable.
21) 79) text: Oh, that's nice.  I'd love to see her wind up settled.  She's a tense one. (chuckling)
21) 80) text: The record in place, Lee turns and leans back against the stereo unit.  She listens to the music, her eyes closed. The record plays for a few moments in the quiet room, as Elliot walks over to Lee and leans against the shelf near
21) 90) text: They have a very large gay clientele, you know, where I get my teeth cleaned, and...all the hygienists now wear gloves because they're afraid of AIDS.
21) 94) text: Did you ever get around to the poem on page a hundred and twelve?
21) 101) text: Did you ever read this one--? Elliot leaps up, grabs Lee, and kisses her passionately. Lee, surprised, pushes him away.
21) 113) text: I have been in love with you for so long. Frederick and Dusty's indistinct voices, raised in argume are suddenly heard.  Elliot quickly turns away from Lee. She tries to compose herself and the film cuts to the lof entranceway.  Frederick enters the loft first, followed b confused Dusty.  They stride across the loft past Lee, wh is standing by the stereo.  Elliot, standing near the nud drawings, is looking through a book.
21) 121) text: I'm not interested in what your interior decorator would think, okay?!
21) 130) text: We'll go. The film moves outside the loft building.  Dusty and Elli emerge and walk to Dusty's waiting limousine.  Elliot is rubbing his forehead, anguished.
21) 132) text: What a weirdo that guy is!  Paranoid. (noticing Elliot's anguished face)
21) 142) text: Yeah.  Yeah, I just-just need so- some-some fresh air.  It's probably something I ate.  I'll-I'll walk. You go ahead. Dusty settles down in the backseat and closes the door. Elliot leans down to the chauffeur's window, signaling fo him to start driving.
21) 144) text: You go.  Go on.  Go. The limousine drives off.  Elliot runs to a phone booth across the street.  He picks up the phone and dials. The film cuts to Frederick in his loft, standing near the phone.  It rings.  Frederick picks it up.
21) 146) text: Hello?  Hello?  Hello? When no one answers, Frederick, reacting, hangs up, and t film moves back outside to the phone booth, where Elliot, the phone receiver to his ear, listens for a moment, then hangs up.  He walks out of the booth, reacting, then walk down the sidewalk, where he bumps into a frantic Lee, jus turning the corner.
21) 148) text: Oh!  There you are! Elliot mumbles, relieved and confused.
21) 151) text: I, I must apologize.  I-I'm, I-I'm sorry.  I'm so mixed up.
21) 153) text: Well, how do you expect me to react to such a thing? Elliot, uneasy, glances up in the direction of Frederick' loft.  He leads Lee a few yards up the street, away from prying eyes.
21) 190) text: I live with Frederick, and Hannah and I are close.
21) 193) text: Oh, Elliot, please!  I can't be a party to this!  I'm suddenly wracked with guilt just standing her talking to you on the street! She sighs.
21) 197) text: Oh, please, I have to go.  I have to get my teeth cleaned. She walks off.  Elliot stares after her, grinning.
23) 4) text: I am glad to see you. Hannah takes off her shoulder bag and her coat as her aggravated father walks past her towards the kitchen.  He passes a wall with an ornate mirror and some framed photographs.
23) 10) text: Always. Hannah hurriedly passes her father and enters the kitchen her mother takes a sip of her drink.
23) 12) text: What triggered it?
23) 14) text: We were making a commercial down at the mayor's office, and there was this young, good-looking salesman... Norma reacts, turning to her daughter.  Hannah, however, her back turned.  She is busy taking charge in the kitche as Evan speaks.  She takes some pills out of a cupboard a hands them to her mother with a glass of water.
23) 16) text: ...and your mother was throwing herself at him in a disgusting way, and when she found she was too old to seduce him, that he was just embarrassed by her--
23) 20) text: and finally she became Joan Collins! Evan walks over to the piano, where several framed family photographs sit in a line on its top.  He picks one up as Norma speaks offscreen in the kitchen.
23) 25) text: He could never support us.  It's a good thing we had a talented daughter! Evan is back in the doorway, listening to Norma, getting more and more angry.  As he makes a retort, he starts to walk back to the den and his piano.
23) 36) text: No!  I like to joke around and have fun, and he gets angry because I get the attention.  He's gotten sourer as he's gotten older, and I've tried to stay young...at heart.
23) 40) text: He's ruined me with his ego, his philandering, his-- (gesturing)
23) 41) text: his-his-his-his mediocrity!
23) 48) text: Th-th-they, they wanted me for a screen test.
23) 60) text: I just had a lot of luck...from my first show, you know?  I've always thought Lee was the one destined for great things.
23) 70) text: Remember this, Hannah? Evan plays a few bars of "You Are Too Beautiful" as mothe and daughter, their backs to the camera, listen.  Norma leans over the piano; Hannah looks off into the distance, deep in reflection.  The piano music continues in the background as the movie cuts to: Lee walking along a wharf by the waterfront.  The wind bl her hair; she hugs the e.e. cummings book to her chest. She, too, is deep in thought.  She stops at the edge of t wharf; the camera continues to move, to a group of wooden pilings nearby, lapped by the water.
24) 0) text: The quiet continues as the film cuts to a close-up of a large, circular CAT-scan module in an antiseptic hospital room.  A slowly moving stretcher, bearing Mickey's strapp prone body, begins to enter the round opening of the modu As the camera pulls back from Mickey, his taped head unde the scan, two technicians can be seen through the window separating the scanner from the control room.  One of the sitting down, taps information into a computer while the other technician stands nearby, looking from Mickey to th computer screen. The movie then cuts briefly to the computer screen, showi an image of Mickey's skull.  Scan lines bleep over the sk The camera moves up from the screen to reveal Mickey once again, as seen through the window, silent and serious und the CAT-scan module. From Mickey's prone form, the film moves to the two technicians, as seen through the window in the scanner ro They examine the computer screen and talk indistinctly to each other.  One of the men, nodding, taps more informati into the computer. While they're studying the CAT-scan picture, the camera c to a back view of Mickey under the module.  There is a science-fiction feel to this scene, as if Mickey is lying the center of a huge, white, futuristic circle.  The stretcher, bearing Mickey, slowly moves out of the module
25) 7) text: ...grown quite large without being detected... (trailing off indistinctly as Mickey continues his anguished ramblings)
25) 10) text: I must admit, I was concerned, given your symptoms. (turning to look at the offscreen Mickey)
25) 11) text: What caused this hearing loss in one ear, I guess we'll never really know for sure.  But whatever it was, it's certainly not anything serious at all. (nodding)
25) 12) text: I'm very relieved.
27) 0) text: Gail sits in a chair in front of a bookshelf.  A sofa, a coffee table holding periodicals, and an endtable with a lamp complete the tableau.  Gail's hands are clasped on h lap.
27) 10) text: you know, when I ran out of the hospital, I, I was so thrilled because they told me I was going to be all right.  And I'm running down the street, and suddenly I stop, 'cause it hit me, all right, so, you know, I'm not going to go today. I'm okay.  I'm not going to go tomorrow. (pointing)
27) 14) text: Well, I don't realize it now, I know it all the time, but, but I managed to stick it in the back of my mind... As Mickey continues to talk offscreen, Gail closes the cabinet drawer and walks to a file cabinet behind Mickey' desk.
27) 27) text: I went into a store, I bought a rifle.  I was gonna... You know, if they told me that I had a tumor, I was going to kill myself.  The only thing that mighta stopped me, might've, is my parents would be devastated.  I would, I woulda had to shoot them, also, first.  And then, I have an aunt and uncle, I would have... You know, it would have been a bloodbath.
27) 39) text: Listen, kid, I think you snapped your cap. Mickey sighs.
27) 41) text: Maybe you need a few weeks in Bermuda, or something.  Or go to a whorehouse!  No?
27) 59) text: I've wanted to call you everyday since I first told you how I felt. He walks over to Lee by the curtained windows.
27) 64) text: I know it isn't. They kiss, their figures almost silhouetted in the warm g of the room.  Elliot takes Lee's coat off without breakin the kiss.  They embrace.  They kiss each other lightly, t stronger, more passionately, their embrace much tighter. And it's later that night.  The harpsichord music begins play again as the camera moves over the bed covers to rev Lee, lying contentedly under the sheets, her hair fanned on the pillows, one arm near her head.
27) 69) text: I was so worried I wouldn't compare with Hannah.
27) 71) text: Oh, my God. He enters the screen, sitting down on the edge of the bed next to Lee.  He holds a cigarette.
27) 77) text: Yes, she's, she's very warm, but, but it-it's me that wants to be giving to you.  I-I-I want to do things for you.  Hannah doesn't need me as much. (chuckling as Lee laughs)
27) 78) text: I'm being presumptuous.  Not that you need me.
28) 0) text: Lee walks along the sidewalk in the rain; she's bareheade The streets are dark.  A car drives by; a pedestrian pass holding an umbrella.  Lee passes a restaurant well lit inside by hanging lamps.  The baroque music continues as enters the loft, her head soaked.  She closes the door, touching her soaking hair.
28) 2) text: You're late. Lee walks through the loft's living room area, unbelting coat, towards the bathroom.  She passes Frederick, who si at a table in the kitchen area, drinking a cup of coffee reading the paper.  A plate with a half-eaten sandwich si in front of him.  The music stops.
28) 6) text: You missed a very dull TV show about Auschwitz.  More gruesome film clips...and more puzzled intellectuals declaring their mystification over the systematic murder of millions. As he talks, Lee is seen turning on the bathroom light. takes off her coat, hanging it on a hook, then begins to her hair with a towel.
28) 9) text: "Why doesn't it happen more often?" Of course it does, in subtler forms. Frederick takes a bite of his sandwich and another sip of coffee as Lee walks out of the bathroom, tossing the towe down on the counter.
28) 13) text: It's been ages since I sat in front of the TV... just changing channels to find something. As Frederick continues his monologue, Lee is busy in the background: striking a wooden match and lighting a burner the stove for the kettle, taking a glass out of the cupbo walking into the bathroom for some pills, filling the gla with water in the kitchen sink, and taking her pills.
28) 16) text: Money, money, money!  If Jesus came back, and saw what's going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up. He takes a bite of his sandwich and a sip of coffee.  Lee sets her glass on the kitchen counter and walks towards t bedroom area.
28) 18) text: Oh, God, Frederick, could you please lighten up?!  I'm really not in the mood to hear a review of contemporary society again. She starts to take off her wet clothes by the bed.  Frede takes off his glasses.  He turns and looks at Lee in surp
28) 24) text: I'm just trying to complete an education I started on you five years ago.
28) 29) text: When you leave the nest, I just want you to be ready to face the real world. He pulls Lee down next to him on the bed.
28) 31) text: Frederick, we're going to have to make some changes. She sighs.
28) 51) text: Good God!  Have you been kissed tonight?!
28) 63) text: I'm too smart, Lee!  You can't fool me!  You're turning all red! Lee, fraught with emotion, briefly puts her outstretched hands on the refrigerator door, then turns around and lea against it, hugging herself, her blouse still unbuttoned, her hair still wet and bedraggled.
28) 74) text: Yeah. Frederick cringes, reacting.  He puts his hand to his forehead; he sighs.
28) 85) text: Oh, God, that's too much responsibility for me.  It's not fair!  I want a less complicated life, Frederick.  I want a husband, maybe even a child before it's too late.
28) 94) text: it's not sexual anymore.  It's certainly not intellectual.  I mean, you're so superior to me in every way that-- Frederick furiously shakes Lee away.  He pounds his fist against a cupboard.  Lee, gasping, moves away.
28) 98) text: Oh, God, don't you know it never would have worked? Frederick turns away from Lee.  He begins to pace near th counter.
29) 0) text: Hannah, wearing a plaid shirt, sits up in bed, a book propped up on her knees.  A cupboard with some bric-a-bra is mounted behind the night table, which holds a small, white, warm-glowing lamp and some photographs.  She turns the page as Elliot, in pajamas and silk bathrobe, enters. She continues to read her book as he sits down at the edg of the bed and muses.  His voice is heard over the screen
29) 3) text: Now I feel very good and cozy being here next to Hannah.  There's something very lovely and real about Hannah. (tossing his bathrobe aside and lying down on the bed next to Hannah, his hands crossed over his stomach)
29) 4) text: She gives me a very deep feeling of being part of something.  She's a wonderful woman...and I betrayed her.  She came into my empty life and changed it...and I paid her back by banging her sister in a hotel room.  God, I'm despicable. What a cruel and shallow thing to do. (sitting up)
29) 6) text: It can't ever happen again.  I'm not that kind of man...and I value Hannah too much.  I love my wife. Now I've betrayed her.  Oh, God! Elliot frantically stands up and leaves the room.
29) 14) text: Yeah, I know.  I-I can't believe I forgot. Elliot walks quickly into the darkened hallway.
29) 17) text: I'll hang up. (walking into the darkened living room)
29) 19) text: It's immoral. Elliot switches on the light.  He paces back and forth in front of the piano and an accompanying music stand.  The of the piano is filled with family photos; the lamp he turned on illuminates some framed pictures on the wall an the piece of sheet music open on the piano.
29) 25) text: Frederick goes jogging at six, yeah, she'll be alone.  And I'll, I'll call her and nip it in the bud. The phone rings.  Elliot jumps.
29) 29) text: Mel! The movie cuts to Lee, standing in the dark in Frederick' loft.  She talks softly into the telephone.
29) 31) text: I would have hung up if you hadn't answered and I promise I won't ever do this again, but I just had to tell you, I feel very close to you tonight.  Very, very close. (pausing)
29) 32) text: Good night. Lee hangs up the phone and the movie cuts back to Elliot, standing in his living room.  Stunned, he slowly lowers t phone receiver.
29) 37) text: it's so sad what people go through with their-their stationary bike and their exercise and their... (glancing at a fat woman jogger in a red sweatsuit who runs by)
29) 43) text: "I want to be like you I said I'm going to fit into your group..." As the band loudly plays on, the camera moves across the spellbound audience, sitting at crowded, smoky, small tables, to reveal a stricken Mickey and a mesmerized Holl squeezed together at one of them.  A nearby member of the audience swills beer from a bottle.  Holly, beating time the music and enjoying herself, takes a puff of her cigar She wears a wristful of silver bracelets.  She glances at Mickey impatiently.  He's the only one in the place weari a suit.
29) 45) text: "I don't wanna be different Said I'm gonna be just like you Because I'm gonna buy the records That they play on radio... Holly turns back to the band, who are still in full swing The camera moves down the body of the lead singer, singin into a microphone, from his longish, curly red hair, thro his cut-off red shirt and sweaty torso, to his guitar.  H wears several silver bracelets on his wrists and gold bracelets on his upper arm.  The microphone screeches feedback.
29) 47) text: "I'm gonna dance at clubs Gonna do just what I'm told Because I'm bleedin' now And I'm bleedin' now I wanna slip, slip, slip, slip, slip Into the crowd I wanna slip, slip, slip, slip, slip Into the crowd..." The camera moves back to Holly and the even more stricken looking Mickey.  They are crowded in with people.  In the background, a waitress holds up a tray.  A man drinks fro glass mug; people chatter indistinctly over the loud band The club is noisy, smoky, and thick with people.  Holly glances at Mickey once again, this time unable to contain her annoyance.
29) 58) text: Holly, I'm frightened!  I'm--After they sing... they're gonna take hostages!  Now let's-- Holly holds a short metal straw of cocaine to her nose an sniffs it.
29) 76) text: My--uh... The camera leaves the crowded tables and moves back to th band.  The lead singers continues to sing with his band, swaying his body to the music...
29) 78) text: "...Gonna buy the records That they play on the radio..." ...as the film cuts abruptly to outside the rock club.  T music has stopped.  Mickey and Holly, almost in dark silhouette, are walking at a fast clip along the sidewalk arguing.  They pass some lighted clothing store windows; few cars go by in the dark street.
29) 83) text: Oh, well, I cannot communicate with you!  I, you know, I never realized you were such a tightass.
30) 0) text: Bobby Short is playing "I'm In Love Again" on the piano, accompanied by a bass player.  An Art Deco mural fills th wall behind him...
30) 2) text: "Why am I Just as reckless as a child? Why am I Like a racehorse running wild? Why am I In a state of ecstasy? The reason is 'cause something's Happened to me I'm in love again And the spring is comin'..." ...as the camera leaves the musicians and moves to the conversatively dressed audience.  A far cry from the rock club atmosphere, the Carlyle is quiet except for Bobby Short's singing.  The audience at their tables watch him, some with smiles of pleasure.  A man has his arm around a woman.  Jewels sparkle in another woman's hair.  The men wear suits. Mickey and Holly sit at one of the tables; a candle burns its holder on the tabletop.  Holly takes a cigarette from her purse as she holds her hand to her nose, sniffing. Mickey keeps shooting glances at Holly; she can't sit sti Bobby Short continues to sing...
31) 10) text: This crowd wouldn't know the difference!  They're embalmed!
31) 17) text: You know, it's probably my fault. I've been a little depressed lately.
32) 0) text: Elliot, Hannah, and the twins sit at the dining room tabl A Christmas tree stands in the corner of the room, next t table holding a lamp; a picture hangs on the wall.  The family has just finished eating; the table is cluttered w the remains of dinner, including a quart of milk, some chocolate syrup, and a bottle of ketchup.  Hannah's two adopted children stand by her chair; she is showing them a small camera works.  The children watch her, fascinated muttering among themselves.  Elliot looks listless.  He stares blankly at the table.
32) 15) text: Yeah!  Okay. The adopted children leave, the twins going off with them When they're gone, Hannah takes a sip of her coffee and looks at Elliot.  She puts down her cup, still watching h
32) 29) text: Because it's the last thing in the world we need right now.
32) 37) text: what's that mean?  W-w-we've been, we've been married for four years. How settled can things get?
32) 39) text: You know, y-you have some very set plans on how your life should be structured.  A-a house, uh, kids, certain schools, a h--, a home in Connecticut.  I-it's all very...preconceived.
32) 41) text: Yeah, but I...uh--I thought you needed that.  When-when-when we met, you said your life was chaos.
32) 56) text: What kind of interrogation... Su- supposing I said yes?  I-I-I am disenchanted.  I am in love with someone else.
32) 62) text: What, you, of c-- What are you talking about?  Of course not.  I'd be destroyed! The camera moves in on Elliot's anguished face.  He talks over the screen.
32) 67) text: I ought to have my head examined. I don't deserve you. Elliot kisses Hannah again; they embrace tightly.  She touches his hair.
33) 2) text: You know, I just want to look so good, but I don't want to seem, you know, like I'm overdressed. (onscreen, walking up the stairs behind Hannah)
33) 12) text: Hannah and Holly reach the top of the stairs.  They walk onto a cavernous, high-tech floor.  Empty bleachers line wall; the rest of the floor is filled with racks of cloth and empty space.
33) 63) text: No, I'm sorry.  No, I didn't mean that.  No, I didn't mean that. The two sisters walk away from the rack, Hannah slightly the lead.  Behind them are some more racks of clothing an large window with closed venetian blinds.
33) 75) text: Yeah. They walk over to a table laid out with colorful scarves decorated with hurricane lamps bordering its edges.
33) 91) text: Okay.  I-- What happened?  You know, we were having a really nice time, a-and suddenly, everything went to bad feeling. She walks past Holly and briefly looks at a different rac of clothes beneath the table.
33) 95) text: Look, everything's going your way. She walks offscreen to a nearby rack; the camera remains focused on Holly.
34) 0) text: A group of theater executives, including the producer, th director, and two assistants, sit in a cluster in the emp audience, talking; they look up at the offscreen Holly, w is auditioning on the stage.  She is singing "I'm Old- Fashioned," accompanied by a piano.
34) 2) text: "This year's fancies Are passing fancies..." The film moves from the audience to the stage where Holly her hands clasped in front of her, continues to sing her song.  A large group of other hopefuls are seen in the background behind her.
34) 4) text: "But sighing sighs Holding hands This my heart Understands I'm old-fashioned And I don't mind it It's how I want to be As long as you agree To stay old-fashioned with me." The camera moves from Holly back to the executives in the audience.  As it passes the empty audience seats, they ar heard offscreen.
34) 12) text: Terrific. The camera has reached the executives in the audience.  T are now chattering among themselves, Holly forgotten.
34) 16) text: "Someday When I'm awfully low When the world is cold I will get a glow Just thinking of you And the way you look Tonight..."
35) 9) text: Uh, David called me last night, and he wants to take me to the opera. (chuckling)
35) 15) text: I, uh, I'm very surprised.
35) 33) text: The film cuts to Father Flynn's rectory office.  The Cath priest looks out a simple stained-glass window, then turn to an offscreen Mickey.
35) 35) text: Now why do you think that you would like to convert to Catholicism? The camera moves back to reveal Mickey, his back to the camera, sitting in front of Father Flynn's desk.  A lamp lit in the background; the Father's desk is neat.  The ro is comfortably decorated in wood and leather.
35) 40) text: Tch.  Well, y-you know...first of all, because it's a very beautiful religion.  It's very well structured. Now I'm talking now, incidentally, about the-the, uh, against-school- prayer, pro-abortion, anti-nuclear wing.
35) 45) text: I-I need some evidence.  I gotta have some proof.  Uh, you know, i- i-if I can't believe in God (gesturing, his raincoat in his lap)
35) 50) text: Yes, well, can-can you help me? The film abruptly cuts to the long hallway in Mickey's parents' apartment. In the foreground, a section of the living room can be se with a bureau holding a lamp and a framed photo.  The hallway itself is crowded with pictures and a wall shelf. At the other end of the hallway, in the background, is another bureau, with candlesticks on top and a framed picture on the wall above.  Mickey's mother stands in the front of this bureau at the hallway's end, screaming at t top of her lungs, holding her heart dramatically.
35) 52) text: Why?  Oh, my God! She sobs hysterically, staggering offscreen to the bathro she shuts the door.  Mickey walks into view, in the livin room, looking after his shocked mother, who continues to over the scene.
35) 63) text: Because I got off to a wrong foot with my own thing, you know.  B-b- b-but I need a dramatic change in my life.
35) 69) text: But why?  We raised you as a Jew.
35) 86) text: I don't understand.  Aren't you frightened?
35) 108) text: How the hell do I know why there were Nazis?  I don't know how the can opener works. Mickey starts pounding the door again as the movie cuts t A beautiful snow-covered church downtown, complete with courtyard and wrought-iron fence.  A pedestrian walks by with an umbrella.  A church choir sings a soaring hymn ov the scene. The music continues as the film moves inside, where the choir is seen singing behind an altar glowing warm gold. fairly large congregation sits in darkened pews as the fi cuts to the back, where Mickey, his arms crossed, stands underneath some stained-glass windows, watching and liste to the inspiring music. The choir continues to sing as the movie cuts to Father Flynn in his office. He picks up some large, heavy books from a shelf near his window and he walks over to Mickey, who's standing near h desk, already holding several tomes.  Father Flynn puts t books on top of Mickey's pile; Mickey, flipping through t top one, awkwardly carries his bundle to the door. Next is seen a close-up of a painting of Jesus Christ on cross, complete with crown of thorns and holy expression. His eyes, especially designed to blink as the lights hit them, open and close repeatedly.  The hymn plays on, loud as the camera moves back, revealing Mickey, standing outs a barber shop window, looking at the Christ playing and shuffling from side to side to gets its eyes' 3-D effect. Smaller inspirational pictures border the bigger, blinkin Christ.  A barber pole with moving stripes stands nearby; passing traffic is reflected in the window. Mickey turns from the window, shrugging, and starts to wa down the street, past a fruit and vegetable store with op air-displayed flowers, past several briskly moving pedestrians. With the hymn still playing, the screen goes black briefl Mickey opens the door, the light from a hallway illuminat him.  He's just entered his apartment.  He closes the doo and walks through his dark foyer; he carries a brown bag. He switches on the light, and walking past his spiral staircase, past several framed pictures on the wall, he makes his way to his living room coffee table.  Mickey pu a crucifix out of the bag; he looks at it, then puts it o the table near a pile of books and some objets d'art.  He then takes out a copy of the New Testament, putting it on top of the crucifix.  Then out comes a framed picture of saint.  It too gets put on the growing pile.  But the bag not yet empty.  Next comes a large loaf of Wonder Bread a a large jar of Hellman's mayonnaise.  Mickey sets them on top of the saint.
36) 0) text: Lee is walking down the street, looking around her.  The sidewalk is fairly crowded with people; the sounds of traffic are heard.  She passes some office buildings, a store's large display window; she stops when she sees Han Her sister is waiting outside the Art Deco façade of a restaurant; she's looking in the opposite direction.  Lee taps Hannah on the shoulder; Hannah, surprised, turns and gasps.
36) 9) text: Oh, God, you know Holly.  When she's depressed, she's manic.  I think it was a good idea that we invited her to lunch. They disappear inside.  The camera follows them, cutting the restaurant's interior at the same time the sisters wa in.  It's a chic, trendy place, with an Art Deco design a high ceilings.  A waiter in uniform stands near its glass and metal doors, holding a tray to his chest; a few peopl sit at the bar; a large plant in a vase sits in the foreground.  The sisters walk toward the coatcheck area, deep in conversation.
36) 16) text: Oh, Hannah, she's-she's just embarrassed in front of you, that's all. Hannah walks offscreen, farther into the coatcheck room. She talks offscreen as Lee alone is seen, reacting and speaking as well.  In the background, a waiter crosses ov to the bar, then walks away.
36) 21) text: Do you miss Frederick?
36) 30) text: You know, how's everything?  You doing okay?  How's Frederick? (laughing)
36) 35) text: Oh, he's fine.  He's-he's, I guess he's fine.  I don't know. (shaking her head, her arms crossed)
36) 75) text: I was very polite.  I maintained my poise. (taking out a match for her cigarette)
36) 88) text: But what I decided to do is some writing.  Yeah, I think I've had it with acting.  You know, these meaningless auditions at cattle calls.  And I can't handle another rejection. (emotionally)
36) 91) text: I've got...an idea for a story. More than one.  And I just need a few months, you know, or, uh, a year even. As the camera slowly circles the table, Hannah is seen listening to Holly, her hand on her mouth.
36) 104) text: I'm not!  I'm not!  I'm trying to be helpful.  A person doesn't just say one day, "Okay, now-now I'm finished as an actress.  Now I'm a writer."  I mean--
36) 135) text: You know, I could always tell what you thought of me by the type of men you fixed me up with! The camera, slowly circling the table, is back on Lee's f While her sisters argue emotionally on her right and left she is looking down, biting her lip.  She is outwardly still, but her face is registering her seething emotions.
36) 139) text: Hey, Hannah, I know I'm mediocre.
36) 172) text: I think we need to eat.
36) 174) text: A piano plays "Bewitched" in the background as the film c to a large tree, covered with bright white blossoms.  The camera moves down the tree to reveal a well-kept, red-bri brownstone on a pleasant, sunny New York City street.  A wearing a summer suit walks by as the film moves inside t building, to Elliot's analyst's office.  The psychotherap sits in a comfortable armchair next to a curtained window In front of the window sits a table covered with artifact and a large lamp.  The analyst's fingers are touching, hi arms resting on the chair, as he listens to the offscreen Elliot.
37) 5) text: For all my education, accomplishments, and so-called wisdom...I can't fathom my own heart.
38) 0) text: Hare Krishna music is heard over a sunlit view of the Manhattan skyline and the green trees of Central Park.  T camera moves down to reveal a large group of Hare Krishna dancing on the broad green lawn among other New Yorkers enjoying the day.  The leader, holding some pamphlets, stands by a chain-link fence, a few feet away from his group, talking to someone on the other side.  It's Mickey as the camera soon shows, wearing a short-sleeved shirt, paper tucked under his arm.
38) 6) text: Well, I was born Jewish, you know, but, uh, but last winter I tried to become a Catholic and...it didn't work for me.  I-I studied and I tried and I gave it everything, but, you know, Catholicism for me was die now, pay later, you know. And I just couldn't get with it. And I, and I wanted to, you know.
38) 27) text: Hannah?  Hi.  Listen, um, you'll be happy to know that your money has not gone completely to waste... No, I have an actual first rough draft of something I wrote... Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah, well, I showed it to Lee, and she gave me some good pointers. And, um, listen, I'm pretty near where you live.  I wonder if I could just drop it off...and, you know, when you have time, some time, read it, an-and we'll talk when I come over at Thanksgiving. Okay?  All right.  Okay.  Oh, wait, wait. (turning her body, still on the phone)
39) 0) text: It's Thanksgiving at Hannah's once again.  Guests are crowded together in the living room, surrounding the pian where Evan is sitting and flipping through some sheet mus Norma stands behind him, leaning against a book-laden wal The guests are chattering, enjoying themselves; a lamp gl on the corner of the piano.  A little boy sitting in a ch next to Evan is talking animatedly with a girl who is leaning over the arm of the sofa.  An adult guest talks t the little boy; another guest takes a sip of wine from a glass she'd placed on the bookshelf behind her as Evan tu and addresses the group.
39) 11) text: A slight exaggeration. The guest continue to laugh; they are charmed.
40) 0) text: Holly is standing in the pantry, preparing some offscreen food.  Near her is a restaurantlike swinging door with a glass porthole.  In the foreground, the kitchen table is crowded with bowls and plates of food.  An open cupboard separates Holly from the rest of the room.
40) 2) text: Hey, Hannah?  You know, I think Lee is really serious about her new boyfriend.  Yeah, eh, from what I understand he sounds really nice. Hannah walks into view, headed for the refrigerator.  She carries two tomatoes.
40) 22) text: Well, Lee mentioned that to me, so obviously you discussed it with her. You... (pacing around the table)
40) 28) text: You make it sound like, you know, I have no needs or something.  You think I'm too self-sufficient?
40) 37) text: Y-you mentioned to me yourself that you and Elliot were having some problems.
40) 45) text: That's the point.  I'd like to be bothered.
40) 49) text: No, he hasn't.  If I offended you, I'm sorry. Hannah, reacting, puts the spices down on the pantry coun Holly turns away. The film cuts to the dining room doorway.  Guests can be seen mingling and talking and helping themselves at a buf table in the living room.  Lee and Elliot can be heard offscreen as the camera slowly moves from the doorway acr the empty dining room to reveal them in the midst of an intense conversation.  The piano, as well as soft chatter is heard in the background.
40) 62) text: But it hasn't been forever. (walking over to Lee at the just-closed door)
40) 64) text: It's been nearly a year since our first time and you're still married to my sister, which...I now realize is fine because you're probably much more in love with her than you know.
40) 68) text: Yeah.  Uh, well, sure we did.  An- an-and in a way you led me on, because I truly believed you were unhappy with Hannah.  Otherwise, I would never have let myself be drawn in.  I was very weak.  So were you.  Now I've met someone else. The door opens and Mavis appears, holding a set of candlesticks.  She walks over to the dining room table, which is already decked out with a floral centerpiece, glassware, and china.  She puts them down as Lee and Elli stand awkwardly near the door, waiting for her to leave.
40) 73) text: Uh-huh.  Good. Mavis leaves.  Both Lee and Elliot quickly close the door behind her and immediately pick up where they'd left off.
40) 81) text: Sweetheart, I loved your script.  I thought it was so clever.
40) 85) text: I particularly liked the character of the mother.  Just a boozy old flirt with a filthy mouth. Holly chuckles.
40) 96) text: Come on.  Bottoms up. The uncle and the children happily drink their beer as th movie cuts to a wall with subtly patterned wallpaper in Hannah's bedroom.  Her face moves on to the screen.
40) 103) text: Look, I've got a splitting headache and I don't like being accused. Hannah walks towards Elliot; he's in the bathroom standin over the sink.
40) 109) text: Well, what is it then?  What?  Eh, what's come between us?  How have I alienated you?
40) 115) text: Hannah, I am very mixed up!  Now please! Elliot turns back to the sink, once again obscured by the partially closed door.
40) 119) text: Well, maybe I've asked advice once or twice or-or made a joke. He dries his hands as Hannah, standing behind him, contin to talk.
40) 125) text: Jesus, I've told you.  I need someone I can matter to. The camera moves behind the closed door, into the bathroo
40) 129) text: It's hard to be around someone who gives so much and-and needs so little in return! He opens the medicine cabinet and puts the aspirin bottle back.
40) 131) text: But, look...I-I have enormous needs. Elliot slams the medicine cabinet shut.
41) 0) text: The dark hallway is illuminated by light coming from the offscreen foyer; pictures line the wall.  Piano music is still heard very softly in the background as Hannah, hugg herself, walks slowly down the hallway into the living ro She briefly looks around, lost in thought.  She sits down heavily, tiredly, on the arm of the couch as the movie cu to several framed photographs on the mantel.  One shows Hannah and Elliot on their wedding day.  Another shows Elliot, obscured in the shadows.  Yet another has capture Norma as a young girl.  The camera, however, moves closer and closer to a photograph showing Hannah, Lee, and Holly the three sisters, smiling into the camera.  There is no sound.
42) 0) text: The film shows the bedroom night table, holding a small lamp, a wooden box, a cast-iron fire truck, an ashtray, a glasses.  Elliot's pajama-clad arm moves into view.  He turns off the lamp; the room is now pitch-black.
42) 4) text: You're not lost. Elliot turns the lamp back on, then turns to Hannah; she lying on her side of the bed, partially in shadow.  He le over and kisses her.
42) 7) text: "Bewitched" continues as the film cuts to a busy nighttim New York City street.  Mickey, his hands in his pockets, walks along the sidewalk, one person among many other pedestrians.  He pulls his coat tighter around him as he walks. "Bewitched" continues to play as he passes Tower Records' neon-lit window.  He glances inside...and sees Holly, her jacket flung over her shoulders, looking at so records. Mickey walks through the revolving doors of Tower Records up a few stairs to the selling floor proper, and stops ri in front of Holly.
42) 47) text: You look wonderful.  You do.  What happened to you?
42) 51) text: Well, I hope you've changed.
42) 54) text: I hope so for your sake, because, uh, your personality left something to be desired...
42) 56) text: Yeah, and for yours.  I'm sure you've changed.
42) 69) text: Yeah?  Is that an embarrassing question?  Should I have not asked it?
42) 79) text: Oh...well, you-you're not interested in this.
42) 97) text: You've always hated my taste in the past.
42) 109) text: I may, I may have to get back into it, 'cause my accountant says that I'm running out of dollars. But...but, um, no, I haven't, I just sort of dropped out for a year...
42) 113) text: ...which is a long, dull story and I won't get into it.  But-- Mickey walks back onscreen to Holly.  The two of them are partially obscured by a large white Jazz sign imprinted w a large red circle as they continue their conversation.
42) 142) text: Come over tomorrow and read it to me? Holly laughs, embarrassed, as Mickey puts the record he's been looking at back in the bin.
43) 0) text: The screen shows a chaise in Mickey's apartment; an ashtr on a stand sits nearby.  The camera moves down the chaise past several piles of books, to Mickey's coffee table.  H sits, picking at his fingers and listening, on the edge o the table in front of Holly, who is sitting cross-legged the floor, propped up with a pillow, reading her script a
43) 8) text: I don't know what to say.  I'm moved and I laughed and I-- Uh, I, you know, I was on the edge of my seat.  I just think it's wonderful! I'm, I'm totally...stunned.  This is not an insult.  I'm amazed that you can... (sighing)
43) 30) text: Fabulous, I mean it!  I'm so impressed. Holly, thrilled with Mickey's overwhelming response, stan up, her hand on her head. Unable to contain herself, she begins to walk up and down the room, holding her script.  The camera follows her; Mickey is now offscreen.
43) 38) text: It was just great.  Uh, I was all set...I was set to be bored stiff.
43) 48) text: Y-you used to-- Oh, no!  Yeah, I care.  You used to be so ambitious and... (pausing, grinning)
43) 49) text: God, you really liked it?! "You Made Me Love You" starts to play as the movie cuts t the street outside Mickey's apartment house, an old build complete with a red entrance door and a gray, weather-bea façade.  Trees line the sidewalk.  Holly and Mickey emer from the door and walk up the street, revealing a whole r of similar apartment buildings.  They pass a few other people as they walk. The film then moves to the outside of a charming glass an stainedwood café.  Through the window, Holly and Mickey be seen having lunch.  Holly is talking animatedly; Micke takes a sip of coffee.  Some people pass by. Next, the film cuts to an almost isolated path in Central Park, complete, with old-fashioned streetlamps and scatte leaves.  Holly and Mickey stroll into view, deep in conversation.
43) 51) text: Gosh, you really went through a crisis, you know that?  H-how did you get over it?  I mean, when I ran into you, you seemed, you seemed just perfectly fine.  Well, you seem fine now.
43) 64) text: ...but I was perspiring so much, the gun had slid off my forehead and missed me.
43) 74) text: and, you know, the movie was a-a-a film that I'd seen many times in my life since I was a kid, an-and I always u-uh, loved it.  And, you know, I'm, I'm watching these people up on the screen, and I started getting hooked o-on the film, you know? The film cuts back to the black-and-white movie screen as Mickey continues to talk.  The Marx Brothers, as well as hundred-odd other cast members in Duck Soup, are kneeling and bowing as they sing "Hidee-hidee-ho." They kick their heels up in the air.  They sway back and forth, hands clasped, singing "Oh-h-h-h-h-h..."
43) 79) text: "Oh, Freedonia Oh, don't you cry for me They'll be coming around the mountain..." The Marx Brothers kneel, strumming their banjos, and the movie cuts back to Central Park.  The flashback is over. Mickey and Holly continue their stroll as "You Made Me Lo You" begins to play in the background.  They pass some people, a cluster of buildings that look like castles, an the Manhattan skyline as seen through the trees, as the camera moves back, farther and farther away from them, showing a beautiful Central Park, frozen in time.
43) 86) text: That I've always regretted the way I behaved that evening we went out, and, uh...I've, I just thought I'd tell you that because I really made a fool out of myself.
44) 0) text: A large, perfectly roasted turkey on a serving plate brie fills the screen as the camera moves across the food-lade table in Hannah's kitchen, past an electric mixer, severa bowls, spices, tomatoes, and parsley, to reveal Evan walk through the doorway.
44) 9) text: Hey, Hannah, did you read that last thing Holly wrote?  It was great. She's really developed.
44) 22) text: Oh, honey! The movie leaves the kitchen and cuts to the doorway betw the dining room and the living room.  Upbeat jazz plays o the low din of the party.  Two women stand by the partial set dining room table, chatting and arranging some plates as Elliot strolls into view, sipping a drink.  He passes women and walks through the doorway into the living room, nodding hello to a guest who is walking the other way. He enters the living room, smiling.  It is crowded with guests; Hannah's children play in their midst.  One of Hannah's boys grabs Elliot's arm.  They playfully "spar" a moment before Elliot laughingly shakes him off, continu on his way into a connecting room.  He stops at the doorw looking at the crowd.  The camera shows his point of view Guests stand in clusters, enjoying themselves; one woman chats with a little boy; another woman, carrying a drink, walks over to a group of other guests. The film then cuts back briefly to Elliot, holding his dr and looking straight ahead, as it shows his point of view once more.  This time he sees a smiling Lee and Doug, talking animatedly; a few guests are seen in the backgrou Elliot's voice is heard over a close-up of the couple.
44) 29) text: ...who as you once said, I love much more than I realized. After pausing for a moment on Elliot's face, the film cut to the foyer, where two boys and a girl gather by the doo One boy opens it, revealing Holly.  She joyfully enters t apartment, greeting each child with an enthusiastic kiss.
44) 36) text: No! The jazz ends as the record scratches and stops.  Evan's rendition of "Isn't It Romantic" is heard on the piano as Holly, shrugging the strap of her pocketbook off her shoulder, walks towards the living room.  She is stopped three guests--two women, one of them wearing glasses, and man--who are coming out of the room.
44) 47) text: Hello. The movie cuts to Hannah, leaning contentedly against a doorway into the living room and listening to the offscre Evan play the piano.  Elliot, holding his drink, walks ov to her.  They look at each other for a beat; Elliot then hugs Hannah, pulling her towards him.  She leans her head his shoulder, fingering his jacket lapel.  They look offscreen together, happily, intimately, at the offscreen guests, as the camera moves across the room, past a few guests, to reveal Evan sitting at the piano.  Norma sits his side, one arm resting on the piano.  She holds a drin and looks off in the distance, mouthing the words to "Isn It Romantic." The camera then moves to the doorway in the living room, where a man, holding a drink, enters and joins the happy crowd.  Evan can be seen in the background, playing his s A child plays near the coffee table. The camera continues to move past the doorway, past a hug grandfather clock, to a second doorway leading to the den Here, more guests are gathered; a child sits in a small chair by the sofa.  He sips a soda as female guest #2 ent the room and crouches down next to him, smiling.  She wav to him.  He waves back as the camera continues to move pa the doorway to reveal Holly, standing in front of a hallw mirror, fixing her earrings.  Mavis can be seen in the background, through the doorway into the dining room, lighting the candles on the table.  She dims the lights, darkening the room and the hallway where Holly stands in warm candlelit glow.  Mavis leaves the dining room and passes Holly.
44) 49) text: It's beautiful. Mavis walks off.  Holly, reflected in the mirror, begins fluffing her hair as Mickey enters and wraps his arms aro her from behind.  The camera stays focused on the mirror; both Holly and Mickey are now seen in its reflection.
44) 65) text: it's ironic.  I-I used to always have Thanksgiving with Hannah...and I never thought (kissing)
44) 67) text: And here it is, years later and I'm married to you (kissing)
44) 75) text: married to the other sister.  It's, you know, it's a...