0) 0) text: A full face of Lee, wearing a gray sweater and leaning against the dining room doorway.  She gazes into the came with a half-smile on her face as Elliot speaks over the screen.
0) 1) dialog: God, she's beautiful. Lee glances over her shoulder, then turns from the doorwa and walks away.  The camera follows her, moving across a book-and-photograph-filled bookshelf that obscures her fr view as she walks into a crowded, comfortable vestibule. People, some holding drinks, some just entering the apartment, surround her.  Everyone is talking at once, carrying on easy, familiar conversation.
0) 2) dialog: She's got the prettiest eyes, and she looks so sexy in that sweater. Lee smiles at the various people, exchanging greetings.
0) 4) dialog: I just want to be alone with her and hold her and kiss her... Lee walks into the living room, turning her head back for moment to talk to the child she has just hugged.
0) 5) dialog: ...and tell her how much I love her and take care of her.  Stop it, you idiot.  She's your wife's sister. But I can't help it. The camera is still moving with Lee as she smiles and sto to chat with her mother.  Elliot's voice, as well as the music, continues over the low din of warm conversation.
0) 6) dialog: I'm consumed by her.  It's been months now.  I dream about her.  I- I, I think about her at the office. Oh, Lee. (sighing)
0) 8) dialog: I hear myself mooning over you, and it's disgusting.  Before, when she... Elliot's voice-over continues as he is actually seen, standing in a doorway having a conversation with a gestur rotund man.  Both are holding drinks as Lee, carrying a t of hors d'oeuvres and two drinks, walks between them.  Th space is very tight; the men hold up their drinks to make room for her.
0) 9) dialog: ...squeezed past me in the doorway, and I smelled that perfume on the back of her neck... Elliot watches Lee walk off; the other man, oblivious, continues to talk.  Elliot reluctantly returns to the conversation, but he can't help turning his head to gaze the offscreen Lee as the other man chatters on.
0) 10) dialog: ...Jesus, I, I thought I was gonna swoon!  Easy... The camera resumes following a smiling Lee.  She has just put down the tray and drinks near April, and briskly and obliviously, she walks past a doorway where Elliot, still ruminating, watches her, entranced.
0) 11) dialog: You're a dignified financial advisor.  It doesn't look good for you to swoon. The camera stays with Elliot, who is still watching the offscreen Lee.  In the background, guests continue to chatter warmly with each other. Hannah, carrying a tray of hors d'oeuvres, walks up behin the distracted Elliot.
0) 13) text: Elliot?  Elliot? (rubbing his shoulder)
0) 14) text: Sweetheart? Elliot returns from his reveries with a start.
0) 15) dialog: (turning to Hannah)
0) 19) text: Holly and her friend made them. Elliot, taking one of the hors d'oeuvres, starts nibbling well as he and Hannah walk past the bookshelf into the living room.
0) 20) dialog: (swallowing)
0) 24) dialog: Your sister is an unbelievable cook.
0) 26) text: I know!  I know! Elliot and Hannah, eating and talking, walk past a hallwa and offscreen as Holly appears, walking down the hallway. She holds a drink and a plate of hors d'oeuvres; she stan at the entrance to the hallway, eating and looking at the offscreen guests.
0) 29) dialog: (walking offscreen swallowing)
0) 33) dialog: (offscreen, overlapping Holly)
0) 42) text: No, no, we decided! Holly takes a sip of her drink as Hannah and Elliot walk over to her.
0) 47) dialog: (nodding)
0) 51) dialog: (overlapping Hannah)
0) 59) dialog: (calling after them as he nibbles on an hors d'oeuvre)
3) 76) text: Oh! The film cuts to a short hallway leading to a bathroom in Hannah's apartment.  In the foreground is a standing lamp In the background, Elliot is seen walking inside the bathroom, looking around the room.  Light piano music is dimly heard.
3) 77) dialog: (searching)
3) 81) dialog: How's Frederick?  He didn't come. Elliot walks into the bedroom as Lee continues to talk offscreen.  The camera, leaving Elliot, moves across the room, past a wall of framed paintings, a headboard and be a night table and lamp, revealing Lee. She is flipping through a book by a curtained window.
3) 85) dialog: (offscreen)
3) 86) text: Oh, great. The camera stays with Lee as she walks around the room, p another curtained window, a television set, and a rolltop desk.  She absently flips through the book as she talks t the offscreen Elliot.
3) 90) text: You're turning all red, Elliot. She reacts.  The camera moves to a blushing Elliot, follo him now as he walks across the room.
3) 91) dialog: (laughing self-consciously)
3) 94) text: Oh, I don't know.  My unemployment checks are running out.  Um, I was thinking of taking some courses at Columbia with the last of my savings. As Lee speaks, Elliot parts a hanging curtain against the wall to reveal a stereo and some records.  He looks at th offscreen Lee.
3) 95) dialog: Like, uh...?
3) 97) text: I don't know exactly. As Elliot reaches inside the stereo shelf, grabbing a bot of antihistamines, the camera moves back to Lee, who sits down on the bed.  She is still holding a book.
3) 99) dialog: (gesturing with the bottle of pills gripped in his hand)
3) 102) text: You know, uh, Frederick would really by grateful for a sale. She chuckles; Elliot smiles and chuckles with her.
3) 104) text: Hey, you guys? Elliot turns in the direction of his wife's voice.
3) 106) text: Dinner's ready. Hannah, eating a carrot stick, enters the bedroom.  The camera stays with her momentarily as she walks towards Elliot and Lee.
3) 116) dialog: (overlapping, agreeing with Hannah)
3) 123) text: He was, he's just as crazy as ever. He was on his way to get a blood test. (laughing, Elliot joining in)
3) 126) dialog: (standing up)
4) 0) text: Everyone is seated around the table for Thanksgiving dinn Facing the camera are Holly, Lee, Norma, and Hannah.  She sits to the left of Elliot, who's at the head of the tabl On his right is Evan; April sits next to him.  She and th other guests sit with their backs to the screen.  The tab overflows with food, floral decorations, and candles.  In the background, the children sit at a separate table; a m serves them turkey.  The guests chatter comfortably among themselves as they eat.
4) 23) text: ...from Mavis, also. Elliot wraps his arm around Hannah; he pulls her towards affectionately and kisses her on the cheek.  She hugs him back.
4) 24) dialog: (hugging Hannah)
4) 52) text: ...just for a second.  So, now I got that out of my system and I can go back to the thing that makes me happiest. Hannah tenderly takes Elliot's hand as she looks around t table.  He, in turn, kneads her shoulder, chuckling with equal tenderness.
6) 40) text: Oh, Elliot said he might have a couple of clients for you. Lee walks over to the loft's stereo area, pulling up the sleeves of her sweater as Frederick talks.
6) 52) text: Elliot lusts after you.
9) 33) text: How's Elliot?
15) 0) text: The movie briefly holds on a ripped, red, paint-splattere door as Elliot, wearing a raincoat, appears nearby.  He looks down the street and the film cuts to his point of view: Frederick's loft building. The movie goes back to the impatient Elliot; he's looking around him.  He glances at his watch as the film cuts bac once again to the loft building, where Lee finally appear walking down the street away from Elliot.  A truck passes down the street.  Lee doesn't see him.  She walks further and further away; she turns a corner. Elliot frantically looks around again; then, in a burst o decision, he runs around a garbage dump, crossing the street, and still running, he moves down an adjacent stre past The Canal Lumber Company and several other buildings as the film cuts back to Lee, walking down a different street, oblivious. The jazz plays on as the movie cuts back and forth betwee the fast-moving Elliot, rushing down the SoHo streets, pa a truck waiting for a light to change, past some pedestri some garbage cans, turning corners, and the strolling Lee walking up different streets, past different buildings. Lee eventually crosses a street, lost in thought, looking right and left, as Elliot, pretending nonchalance, waits the corner, looking at his watch.  She looks up in surpri the music stops.
15) 1) dialog: (trying not to sound out of breath)
15) 4) text: Oh, Elliot!
15) 5) dialog: Hi.
15) 8) dialog: (looking around, gesturing)
15) 12) dialog: Yes.  Yeah, I-I'm kill--
15) 15) dialog: (glancing at his watch again)
15) 19) dialog: (gesturing)
15) 22) dialog: (interrupting, chuckling)
15) 26) dialog: (putting his hands behind his back)
15) 29) dialog: Oh, my goodness.  Well, why do you still go to those?  You never tough alcohol. They begin to walk down the street.
15) 32) dialog: (looking at Lee)
15) 36) dialog: I'll never understand it.  You're so bright and charming and beautiful.
15) 39) dialog: (overlapping, chuckling)
15) 45) dialog: (stopping alongside her)
15) 49) dialog: Yes?
15) 52) dialog: (looking around for a moment, then gesturing to Lee)
15) 56) dialog: Thank you. They begin to walk again as the movie cuts to the interio of the Pageant Book &amp; Print Shop, an old, serious boo A nude print hangs at the end of one of the library shelf like bookcases, which are packed, row after row, with boo An unseen Elliot and Lee carry on a conversation as the camera moves down an aisle, past the rows of books.  A pi playing "Bewitched" is heard.  Pictures hang on the aisle ends of the shelves.
15) 60) dialog: (offscreen, distracted)
15) 64) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 68) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 73) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 76) dialog: (gesturing)
15) 80) dialog: (overlapping)
15) 84) dialog: (gesturing, looking at books)
15) 87) text: Yes? Elliot starts walking down the center aisle, in the same direction Lee had walked up.  He continues to talk to her she remains offscreen in a nearby row.
15) 88) dialog: (offscreen momentarily, hidden by a shelf as he talks)
15) 92) dialog: Yeah.  How are you?
15) 95) dialog: (offscreen momentarily, hidden by another shelf as he walks)
15) 96) text: How-how's Frederick? Elliot stops walking to browse through some books. "Bewitched" still plays.
15) 99) dialog: (turning to talk to the offscreen Lee)
15) 101) text: Look! Elliot turns and walks back down the center aisle to a ro of books he'd already passed.
15) 102) dialog: (pointing to a book on a shelf, continuing)
15) 106) dialog: (pulling the book off the shelf and browsing through it)
15) 110) dialog: (gesturing with the book, looking at the offscreen Lee)
15) 115) text: Lee walks over to Elliot in the center aisle.  She looks the book.
15) 118) dialog: (overlapping, patting the book)
15) 122) dialog: (overlapping)
15) 123) text: And-and maybe, um...maybe we could discuss it sometime. He hands Lee the book.  She thumbs through it, as the mov cuts to: The street outside the bookstore.  Lee, holding the book a brown bag, and Elliot are walking out.
15) 126) dialog: (pointing to the bookstore)
15) 131) dialog: (pointing to the book)
15) 134) text: Really?  Well... Elliot opens the rear door for Lee.  She laughs as she ge in.
15) 135) dialog: (leaning down to talk to Lee in the cab)
15) 138) dialog: (closing the taxi door for Lee)
16) 2) text: "your slightest look easily will unclose me though I have closed myself as fingers, you open always petal by petal myself... As Lee continues to read aloud, the movie cuts to Elliot' darkened den, lit by a light in the hallway.  Elliot ente wearing a robe, crossing the room in the dark.
16) 4) text: "...as Spring opens [touching skillfully, mysteriously] her first rose [i do not know what it is about you that closes and opens; only something in me understands the voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses]... Elliot turns on a light.  The camera stays on his face as looks off into the distance, mouthing indistinctly the li of poetry Lee next reads.
16) 6) text: "nobody, not even the rain, has such small hands." The film leaves Elliot's face and cuts back to the loft, where Lee, having finished the poem, sits up in the bed, staring pensively, lost in her thoughts.
21) 2) dialog: (leading the way into the loft, gesturing)
21) 7) dialog: (as he walks)
21) 13) dialog: (to a less than enthusiastic Frederick)
21) 32) text: She's beautiful.  But, uh, really, I-I-I-I need something... I'm looking for something big. As Dusty talks, the camera follows Elliot, who walks past the others to examine the drawings more closely.  Two fra nude drawings of Lee are propped up on an easel.  Elliot glances admiringly at the drawings, then surreptitiously Lee, admiring her body as she converses with an offscreen Dusty and Frederick.
21) 36) text: They're in the basement. The camera leaves Elliot to follow the enthusiastic Lee a she takes Dusty by the arm and starts leading him to the door.  Frederick follows at a distance.
21) 46) text: Oh, Frederick! The camera now moves back to Elliot, still staring at the nude drawings, as the sounds of Frederick's and Dusty's footsteps are heard leaving the loft.  He turns and hesitantly smiles to an offscreen Lee.
21) 47) dialog: (chuckling softly)
21) 51) dialog: Yeah, she loves to go out in the woods.
21) 54) dialog: (chuckling)
21) 57) dialog: Oh, that's nice. There's an awkward moment of silence.
21) 58) dialog: (breaking the silence, pointing in the direction of the door)
21) 62) dialog: Yes.  This kid, he's earned a trillion dollars.
21) 65) dialog: He's got like six gold records.
21) 70) dialog: (offscreen)
21) 74) dialog: (offscreen)
21) 78) dialog: (offscreen)
21) 80) text: The record in place, Lee turns and leans back against the stereo unit.  She listens to the music, her eyes closed. The record plays for a few moments in the quiet room, as Elliot walks over to Lee and leans against the shelf near
21) 83) dialog: (looking at Lee, his hands clasped in front of him)
21) 84) text: I know this.  Bach.  F Minor Concerto.  It's one of my favorites. Lee, smiling, continues to listen to the music, her head down; Elliot stares at her.
21) 85) dialog: (after a pause)
21) 88) text: Yes, he's just adorable. Elliot nods.
21) 91) dialog: (taking a breath)
21) 92) text: Oh, right. There is another moment of silence.  Elliot stares at Lee who continues to look down, her arms around her chest.  T harpsichord plays on.
21) 93) dialog: (softly)
21) 96) text: it was so beautiful...so romantic. Lee looks down again; the music plays softly and Elliot continues to stare at her, thinking.
21) 97) dialog: I want so badly to kiss her.  Not here, you idiot.  You've got to get her alone someplace. As Elliot's thoughts are heard over the scene, Lee glance around the loft, then begins to walk away.  The camera follows her as she goes past the nude drawings, which bec the focus of attention as Lee walks offscreen.
21) 98) dialog: But I've got to proceed cautiously. This is a very delicate situation. Okay, uh...ask her if you can see her for lunch or a drink tomorrow. Lee walks back onscreen, to the bookshelf behind the draw She takes the e.e. cummings book from the shelf and flips through it as she walks back to Elliot, who is still lean by the stereo, still ruminating.
21) 99) dialog: And be ready to make light of the offer if she's unresponsive.  This has to be done very skillfully, very diplomatically.
21) 101) text: Did you ever read this one--? Elliot leaps up, grabs Lee, and kisses her passionately. Lee, surprised, pushes him away.
21) 103) dialog: Lee!  Lee!  Lee, I'm in love with you. He kisses Lee again.  He clumsily turns around; she humps against the stereo unit.  As Lee pulls away, she smashes into the turntable.  The needle scratches loudly.  Lee, shocked, is gasping.  The record, pushed to a different p of the concerto, now plays a more complicated, faster fug
21) 104) dialog: (breathing hard)
21) 108) dialog: (frantically)
21) 109) text: I...I'm-I'm-I'm-I'm sorry.  I have to talk to you for... There's so much that I want to tell you. Lee stares at Elliot in shock.
21) 111) text: Elliot!
21) 112) dialog: (gesturing desperately)
21) 113) text: I have been in love with you for so long. Frederick and Dusty's indistinct voices, raised in argume are suddenly heard.  Elliot quickly turns away from Lee. She tries to compose herself and the film cuts to the lof entranceway.  Frederick enters the loft first, followed b confused Dusty.  They stride across the loft past Lee, wh is standing by the stereo.  Elliot, standing near the nud drawings, is looking through a book.
21) 127) text: It's not a sofa, it's an ottoman! (touching his forehead, turning to Elliot)
21) 128) text: God, forget it!  Let's just get outta here, Elliot.
21) 129) dialog: (putting down the book)
21) 130) text: We'll go. The film moves outside the loft building.  Dusty and Elli emerge and walk to Dusty's waiting limousine.  Elliot is rubbing his forehead, anguished.
21) 132) text: What a weirdo that guy is!  Paranoid. (noticing Elliot's anguished face)
21) 134) dialog: (gesturing)
21) 138) dialog: (gesturing)
21) 141) dialog: (overlapping, nervously)
21) 142) text: Yeah.  Yeah, I just-just need so- some-some fresh air.  It's probably something I ate.  I'll-I'll walk. You go ahead. Dusty settles down in the backseat and closes the door. Elliot leans down to the chauffeur's window, signaling fo him to start driving.
21) 143) dialog: (continuing, gesturing)
21) 144) text: You go.  Go on.  Go. The limousine drives off.  Elliot runs to a phone booth across the street.  He picks up the phone and dials. The film cuts to Frederick in his loft, standing near the phone.  It rings.  Frederick picks it up.
21) 146) text: Hello?  Hello?  Hello? When no one answers, Frederick, reacting, hangs up, and t film moves back outside to the phone booth, where Elliot, the phone receiver to his ear, listens for a moment, then hangs up.  He walks out of the booth, reacting, then walk down the sidewalk, where he bumps into a frantic Lee, jus turning the corner.
21) 148) text: Oh!  There you are! Elliot mumbles, relieved and confused.
21) 150) dialog: (gesturing)
21) 153) text: Well, how do you expect me to react to such a thing? Elliot, uneasy, glances up in the direction of Frederick' loft.  He leads Lee a few yards up the street, away from prying eyes.
21) 154) dialog: (taking Lee's arm)
21) 157) dialog: (overlapping, shaking his head)
21) 161) dialog: (looking away for a moment)
21) 164) dialog: Hannah and I are in the last stages.
21) 167) dialog: Wh--, it-it-it-it, it's so sad. She's crazy about me, but somewhere on the, along the line, I've fallen out of love with her.
21) 169) dialog: Oh, no, no. (nodding)
21) 172) dialog: (overlapping, shaking his head)
21) 175) dialog: Tch, w-well, for a million reasons.
21) 178) dialog: Tch, no!  We were, we were both going in different directions.
21) 181) dialog: But-but, but how about you?  Do you, do you share any of my feelings? Or is this just an unpleasant embarrassment to you?
21) 184) dialog: W-well, please be candid.  I, I-I don't want you to feel bad.
21) 187) dialog: (gesturing)
21) 191) dialog: Yes, but you, you do care about me.
21) 193) text: Oh, Elliot, please!  I can't be a party to this!  I'm suddenly wracked with guilt just standing her talking to you on the street! She sighs.
21) 194) dialog: (emphatically)
21) 197) text: Oh, please, I have to go.  I have to get my teeth cleaned. She walks off.  Elliot stares after her, grinning.
21) 198) dialog: (happily)
27) 46) dialog: (looking intensely at Lee, his hands in his pockets)
27) 49) dialog: (putting his hand on her shoulder, wanting to kiss her)
27) 52) dialog: (taking his hand away, gesturing to the room)
27) 55) dialog: (offscreen)
27) 58) dialog: (offscreen)
27) 60) dialog: I resisted so many times. (pausing)
27) 62) dialog: This is not an easy situation.
27) 64) text: I know it isn't. They kiss, their figures almost silhouetted in the warm g of the room.  Elliot takes Lee's coat off without breakin the kiss.  They embrace.  They kiss each other lightly, t stronger, more passionately, their embrace much tighter. And it's later that night.  The harpsichord music begins play again as the camera moves over the bed covers to rev Lee, lying contentedly under the sheets, her hair fanned on the pillows, one arm near her head.
27) 66) dialog: (offscreen)
27) 70) dialog: (offscreen, laughing)
27) 72) dialog: You really do have those thoughts, don't you?
27) 74) text: Oh, all the time. Elliot chuckles; they hold hands.
27) 76) dialog: (looking at their clasped hands)
27) 80) text: I want you to take care of me... And I love when you do things to me. Elliot leans down to Lee; they begin to kiss passionately
29) 0) text: Hannah, wearing a plaid shirt, sits up in bed, a book propped up on her knees.  A cupboard with some bric-a-bra is mounted behind the night table, which holds a small, white, warm-glowing lamp and some photographs.  She turns the page as Elliot, in pajamas and silk bathrobe, enters. She continues to read her book as he sits down at the edg of the bed and muses.  His voice is heard over the screen
29) 1) dialog: What passion today with Lee.  She's a volcano.  It was a totally fulfilling experience... Just as I dreamed it would be. (nodding slightly as he takes off his slippers)
29) 6) text: It can't ever happen again.  I'm not that kind of man...and I value Hannah too much.  I love my wife. Now I've betrayed her.  Oh, God! Elliot frantically stands up and leaves the room.
29) 9) dialog: (offscreen)
29) 13) dialog: (offscreen)
29) 14) text: Yeah, I know.  I-I can't believe I forgot. Elliot walks quickly into the darkened hallway.
29) 15) dialog: (muttering)
29) 19) text: It's immoral. Elliot switches on the light.  He paces back and forth in front of the piano and an accompanying music stand.  The of the piano is filled with family photos; the lamp he turned on illuminates some framed pictures on the wall an the piece of sheet music open on the piano.
29) 20) dialog: (gesturing and whispering)
29) 21) text: Then, time will pass.  I won't call, and she'll get the idea.  I gotta stop this before I get in too deep.  I'd rather hurt Lee a little, than destroy Hannah. Elliot stops pacing and checks his wristwatch.
29) 22) dialog: (whispering, rubbing his hands)
29) 25) text: Frederick goes jogging at six, yeah, she'll be alone.  And I'll, I'll call her and nip it in the bud. The phone rings.  Elliot jumps.
29) 26) dialog: (loudly, to the offscreen Hannah, gasping)
29) 32) text: Good night. Lee hangs up the phone and the movie cuts back to Elliot, standing in his living room.  Stunned, he slowly lowers t phone receiver.
31) 29) text: A big-band rendition of "You Made Me Love You" begins as film cuts to a hotel room.  Elliot and Lee can be seen dancing cheek to cheek in the reflection of a mirror over dresser.  A TV sits in the corner.  A lamp is on one side the dresser; on the other side is a bucket with champagne Two half-full glasses sit nearby.  Elliot and Lee dance i view.  Without missing a beat, Elliot picks up one of the glasses of champagne and hands it to Lee.  She sips.  Ell sips, then puts it back down on the dresser.  They embrac tightly, continuing to dance.
32) 0) text: Elliot, Hannah, and the twins sit at the dining room tabl A Christmas tree stands in the corner of the room, next t table holding a lamp; a picture hangs on the wall.  The family has just finished eating; the table is cluttered w the remains of dinner, including a quart of milk, some chocolate syrup, and a bottle of ketchup.  Hannah's two adopted children stand by her chair; she is showing them a small camera works.  The children watch her, fascinated muttering among themselves.  Elliot looks listless.  He stares blankly at the table.
32) 15) text: Yeah!  Okay. The adopted children leave, the twins going off with them When they're gone, Hannah takes a sip of her coffee and looks at Elliot.  She puts down her cup, still watching h
32) 18) dialog: (shaking his head slightly)
32) 22) dialog: (looking down at his hands)
32) 25) dialog: (shaking his head)
32) 28) dialog: (edgily)
32) 31) dialog: I don't know.
32) 33) dialog: But, you got four children!
32) 35) dialog: Well...I-I think we should wait till things settle.
32) 38) dialog: (gesturing)
32) 42) dialog: I-I-I know, but there's got to be some give and take. Hannah sighs.  Elliot angrily throws his napkin on the ta He stands up and begins to pace behind Hannah.
32) 43) dialog: Oh, let's not--I, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
32) 46) dialog: No!
32) 48) dialog: (pointing at Hannah)
32) 51) dialog: (angrily)
32) 55) dialog: (gesturing and pointing)
32) 58) dialog: (staring at Hannah for a beat before answering her)
32) 62) text: What, you, of c-- What are you talking about?  Of course not.  I'd be destroyed! The camera moves in on Elliot's anguished face.  He talks over the screen.
32) 63) dialog: For Chrissakes, stop torturing her. Tell her you want out and get it over with.  You're in love with her sister.  You didn't do it on purpose.  Be honest.  It's always the best way. He looks down.  Hannah leans over and tenderly puts her h on his shoulder.
32) 65) text: Look, can I help you?  If you're suffering over something, will you share it with me? She touches his hand; Elliot embraces her.
32) 66) dialog: Hannah, you know how much I love you. (kissing her on the forehead)
32) 67) text: I ought to have my head examined. I don't deserve you. Elliot kisses Hannah again; they embrace tightly.  She touches his hair.
36) 24) text: I can't believe Elliot and I can't think of someone nice for you to go out with, you know--
36) 31) text: I mean, Elliot.
36) 174) text: A piano plays "Bewitched" in the background as the film c to a large tree, covered with bright white blossoms.  The camera moves down the tree to reveal a well-kept, red-bri brownstone on a pleasant, sunny New York City street.  A wearing a summer suit walks by as the film moves inside t building, to Elliot's analyst's office.  The psychotherap sits in a comfortable armchair next to a curtained window In front of the window sits a table covered with artifact and a large lamp.  The analyst's fingers are touching, hi arms resting on the chair, as he listens to the offscreen Elliot.
36) 175) dialog: (offscreen)
36) 176) text: I-I can't seem to take action. I'm-I'm like, uh, Hamlet unable to kill his uncle. The music stops as the camera moves across the room to reveal Elliot, sitting in a wooden chair.  He holds a lon thin cigarette; he wears a gold Rolex watch.  He face is yet seen.
36) 177) dialog: (face offscreen)
36) 178) text: I want Lee, but I can't harm Hannah. And in no other area am I a procrastinator. Elliot raises his cigarette to take a drag.  The camera follows the cigarette up to his face.  Elliot looks thoughtful as the movie cuts to:
37) 0) text: Lee, wearing jeans and carrying an armful of books, is running up a broad set of steps in the sunlight, greeting other students as she passes.  Elliot continues to talk o the scene...
37) 1) dialog: Meanwhile...Lee has no direction. She's taking courses at Columbia...but just randomly. ...as Lee stops on a portico and turns to greet Doug, a professor, who is running over to her, calling her name. They mouth hello, smiling, and begin to walk off together
37) 2) dialog: I try not to call her, but then she calls me and then...I call and...we try to resist meeting, but...once in a while we meet.  Sometimes we argue because I can't break up my marriage.  Sometimes we wind up making love and...we both feel terrible. The film cuts back to Elliot in his analyst's office.
37) 3) dialog: But it's my fault. Elliot takes a last drag on his cigarette.  The camera follows his hand as he crushes it out in a nearby ashtray
37) 4) dialog: (face offscreen)
38) 24) text: Funny.  I feel like I'm betraying Elliot...but that's ridiculous. Why shouldn't I see Doug?  Elliot's not free. (pausing)
39) 15) text: But only slight. Evan continues to laugh with everyone as he starts to pla the piano.  A nearby woman toasts him with her drink.  Th camera moves around the room as he plays, showing the various guests, chattering over the music.  Some are in clusters, in private conversations; others listen and wat the offscreen Evan.  A couple stands by the window; one m gets up from his chair and walks away.  Some guests sip their drinks, smiling, as the camera moves back to the pi and the book-laden wall.  Evan is playing the piano with exuberance.  Norma, still standing behind him, has a poignant, wistful expression on her face.  She mouths the words to the song Evan is playing, "It Could Happen to Yo The woman next to her smiles, enjoying the music, as the camera continues its exploration, moving to a man standin in the doorway with a group of children.  Mavis the maid walks by with a tray of hors d'oeuvres.  The man takes on mouthing his thanks, as the camera travels past the open bookshelf, past two boys in suits who are drinking soda a munching, to reveal Lee.  She is leaning against another doorway, a faraway look on her face as she listens to the music.  Mavis passes in the hall beyond the doorway.  Sev people, deep in conversation, stand nearby as Elliot, holding a drink, walks up behind her.
39) 16) dialog: (sipping his drink)
39) 20) dialog: Is something wrong?
39) 22) text: Oh, not here. (touching Elliot's arm)
39) 23) text: There are too many people around. Lee slips past Elliot and walks away.  Elliot looks back her briefly, then, sipping his drink, he turns and looks offscreen at the crowd in the living room.
40) 20) text: No, it's real exact!  The-the situations, the dialogue, everything. It's-it's full of intimate details between Elliot and me! Which I don't, I don't see how you could even possibly know about.  A conversation we once had about adoption? Hannah storms out a nearby door as Holly turns away from sink.
40) 37) text: Y-you mentioned to me yourself that you and Elliot were having some problems.
40) 47) text: I don't see how you could know about these things unless Elliot's been talking to you.
40) 49) text: No, he hasn't.  If I offended you, I'm sorry. Hannah, reacting, puts the spices down on the pantry coun Holly turns away. The film cuts to the dining room doorway.  Guests can be seen mingling and talking and helping themselves at a buf table in the living room.  Lee and Elliot can be heard offscreen as the camera slowly moves from the doorway acr the empty dining room to reveal them in the midst of an intense conversation.  The piano, as well as soft chatter is heard in the background.
40) 51) text: It's over, Elliot.  I don't know how to make it any clearer.  It's over.  I can't see you anymore.
40) 52) dialog: (offscreen, overlapping)
40) 57) dialog: (overlapping, gesturing)
40) 61) dialog: (offscreen)
40) 65) dialog: (shaking his head)
40) 73) text: Uh-huh.  Good. Mavis leaves.  Both Lee and Elliot quickly close the door behind her and immediately pick up where they'd left off.
40) 74) dialog: And you're in love overnight?
40) 76) dialog: (trying to put his arm around Lee)
40) 79) text: Ah, it's over!  Elliot, I mean it. It's over! They look at each other, reacting, as the film cuts back Hannah's kitchen.  Norma's face can be seen in the portho window on the other side of the pantry's swinging door. looks around the kitchen, then opens the door and steps inside.  Holly stands nearby, working in the pantry area.
40) 99) dialog: (offscreen)
40) 102) dialog: (offscreen)
40) 103) text: Look, I've got a splitting headache and I don't like being accused. Hannah walks towards Elliot; he's in the bathroom standin over the sink.
40) 107) dialog: No. Elliot walks from behind the partially closed door to an offscreen medicine cabinet.
40) 110) dialog: (taking a bottle of aspirin from the cabinet and walking back to the sink, gesturing)
40) 114) dialog: (angrily turning to Hannah and pointing as she shouts)
40) 115) text: Hannah, I am very mixed up!  Now please! Elliot turns back to the sink, once again obscured by the partially closed door.
40) 118) dialog: (walking towards a towel rack and gesturing)
40) 122) dialog: (whirling around to face Hannah, snapping)
40) 124) dialog: (continuing in a lower tone)
40) 128) dialog: (pausing, his voice rising again)
40) 131) text: But, look...I-I have enormous needs. Elliot slams the medicine cabinet shut.
40) 132) dialog: (shouting)
41) 0) text: The dark hallway is illuminated by light coming from the offscreen foyer; pictures line the wall.  Piano music is still heard very softly in the background as Hannah, hugg herself, walks slowly down the hallway into the living ro She briefly looks around, lost in thought.  She sits down heavily, tiredly, on the arm of the couch as the movie cu to several framed photographs on the mantel.  One shows Hannah and Elliot on their wedding day.  Another shows Elliot, obscured in the shadows.  Yet another has capture Norma as a young girl.  The camera, however, moves closer and closer to a photograph showing Hannah, Lee, and Holly the three sisters, smiling into the camera.  There is no sound.
42) 0) text: The film shows the bedroom night table, holding a small lamp, a wooden box, a cast-iron fire truck, an ashtray, a glasses.  Elliot's pajama-clad arm moves into view.  He turns off the lamp; the room is now pitch-black.
42) 3) dialog: (offscreen)
42) 4) text: You're not lost. Elliot turns the lamp back on, then turns to Hannah; she lying on her side of the bed, partially in shadow.  He le over and kisses her.
42) 5) dialog: I love you so much. They begin to kiss passionately as "Bewitched" starts to play in the background.
44) 22) text: Oh, honey! The movie leaves the kitchen and cuts to the doorway betw the dining room and the living room.  Upbeat jazz plays o the low din of the party.  Two women stand by the partial set dining room table, chatting and arranging some plates as Elliot strolls into view, sipping a drink.  He passes women and walks through the doorway into the living room, nodding hello to a guest who is walking the other way. He enters the living room, smiling.  It is crowded with guests; Hannah's children play in their midst.  One of Hannah's boys grabs Elliot's arm.  They playfully "spar" a moment before Elliot laughingly shakes him off, continu on his way into a connecting room.  He stops at the doorw looking at the crowd.  The camera shows his point of view Guests stand in clusters, enjoying themselves; one woman chats with a little boy; another woman, carrying a drink, walks over to a group of other guests. The film then cuts back briefly to Elliot, holding his dr and looking straight ahead, as it shows his point of view once more.  This time he sees a smiling Lee and Doug, talking animatedly; a few guests are seen in the backgrou Elliot's voice is heard over a close-up of the couple.
44) 23) dialog: Oh, Lee, you are something. Lee and Doug kiss each other.  They continue talking.
44) 24) dialog: You look very beautiful.  Marriage agrees with you.  Everything that happened between us (pausing)
44) 25) text: seems more and more hazy. As Lee takes a sip of her drink, the movie cuts back to Elliot, standing in the doorway and still staring straigh ahead.  The camera moves in closer to his face as he talk over the scene.
44) 26) dialog: I acted like such a fool.  I don't know what came over me.  That complete conviction that I couldn't live without you. The film quickly cuts to a brief look at Lee and Doug, st talking animatedly and smiling.  Lee gently pushes back Doug's hair.
44) 27) dialog: What did I put us both through? And Hannah... The camera moves back to Elliot.
44) 28) dialog: (continuing)
44) 29) text: ...who as you once said, I love much more than I realized. After pausing for a moment on Elliot's face, the film cut to the foyer, where two boys and a girl gather by the doo One boy opens it, revealing Holly.  She joyfully enters t apartment, greeting each child with an enthusiastic kiss.
44) 47) text: Hello. The movie cuts to Hannah, leaning contentedly against a doorway into the living room and listening to the offscre Evan play the piano.  Elliot, holding his drink, walks ov to her.  They look at each other for a beat; Elliot then hugs Hannah, pulling her towards him.  She leans her head his shoulder, fingering his jacket lapel.  They look offscreen together, happily, intimately, at the offscreen guests, as the camera moves across the room, past a few guests, to reveal Evan sitting at the piano.  Norma sits his side, one arm resting on the piano.  She holds a drin and looks off in the distance, mouthing the words to "Isn It Romantic." The camera then moves to the doorway in the living room, where a man, holding a drink, enters and joins the happy crowd.  Evan can be seen in the background, playing his s A child plays near the coffee table. The camera continues to move past the doorway, past a hug grandfather clock, to a second doorway leading to the den Here, more guests are gathered; a child sits in a small chair by the sofa.  He sips a soda as female guest #2 ent the room and crouches down next to him, smiling.  She wav to him.  He waves back as the camera continues to move pa the doorway to reveal Holly, standing in front of a hallw mirror, fixing her earrings.  Mavis can be seen in the background, through the doorway into the dining room, lighting the candles on the table.  She dims the lights, darkening the room and the hallway where Holly stands in warm candlelit glow.  Mavis leaves the dining room and passes Holly.