2) 0) text: The living room is crowded with family and guests sitting comfortably on chairs near the piano, where Evan, Hannah' father, plays "Bewitched" as Hannah's mother, Norma, sits nearby, accompanying him in their duet.  A child is spraw out under a blanket on a sofa; some guests chatter quietl others drink and eat, listening. EVAN &amp; NORMA (singing)
2) 56) text: Tch.  He's such an angry...he's such a depressive.  I thought she was moving out! Hannah shakes her head in disapproval while Holly angrily takes another sip of her drink. And the film cuts briefly back to the living room, where Evan is still playing the piano and singing.  The camera moves past him and a few guests to Norma, who is enthusiastically singing along, looking at Evan and movin her hands. EVAN &amp; NORMA (singing)
3) 10) text: Oh, gosh.  Well, you know, that's why I invited Phil Gammage tonight. As the sisters talk, the piano music stops.  There's the sound of light applause as Evan begins a new song, faintl heard in the dining room.
4) 0) text: Everyone is seated around the table for Thanksgiving dinn Facing the camera are Holly, Lee, Norma, and Hannah.  She sits to the left of Elliot, who's at the head of the tabl On his right is Evan; April sits next to him.  She and th other guests sit with their backs to the screen.  The tab overflows with food, floral decorations, and candles.  In the background, the children sit at a separate table; a m serves them turkey.  The guests chatter comfortably among themselves as they eat.
4) 1) dialog: (clanking a piece of silverware against his water glass)
4) 4) text: Dad. Evan continues to clank his glass to get everyone's atten
4) 9) dialog: (still clanking)
4) 12) dialog: (clanking away)
4) 16) dialog: This is a toast.  You know this beautiful Thanksgiving dinner was all... Holly laughs.  Lee glances over to her, reacting.  Hannah embarrassed, reacts and sits with her hands on her face. Lee and the rest of the guests put down their silverware. They look at Evan, listening.
4) 17) dialog: ...prepared...by Hannah. Hannah, embarrassed, makes a victory sign.
4) 28) dialog: (overlapping the noise)
4) 34) dialog: (overlapping, holding out his wine glass)
4) 49) dialog: (nodding)
4) 53) dialog: (chuckling)
23) 0) text: Evan, his back to the camera, walks to the front door and opens it to Hannah.
23) 3) dialog: (overlapping)
23) 5) dialog: She's in the kitchen there.  It's the same thing.  Same thing.  She promises, promises. (gesturing)
23) 6) text: But it's all lies. Through a doorway, Norma can be seen sitting on a chair i the kitchen.  She wears a robe over a slip and stockings; she's drinking.  Evan stands in the doorway looking at he he doesn't go in.
23) 9) dialog: (overlapping)
23) 13) dialog: (gesturing, as Norma turns her head and watches him)
23) 14) text: We were making a commercial down at the mayor's office, and there was this young, good-looking salesman... Norma reacts, turning to her daughter.  Hannah, however, her back turned.  She is busy taking charge in the kitche as Evan speaks.  She takes some pills out of a cupboard a hands them to her mother with a glass of water.
23) 15) dialog: (continuing)
23) 18) text: Liar!  Liar! The camera moves to Evan, who continues to tell his story ignoring his wife's outburst, as he walks away from the kitchen doorway into the den.
23) 19) dialog: Then at lunch she got drunker and drunker (shouting over his shoulder)
23) 20) text: and finally she became Joan Collins! Evan walks over to the piano, where several framed family photographs sit in a line on its top.  He picks one up as Norma speaks offscreen in the kitchen.
23) 22) text: All my life I've had to put up with insults... The camera moves back to the kitchen as Norma talks.  She still glaring offscreen at the doorway where Evan stood moments before.  She holds the water glass and the pills.
23) 25) text: He could never support us.  It's a good thing we had a talented daughter! Evan is back in the doorway, listening to Norma, getting more and more angry.  As he makes a retort, he starts to walk back to the den and his piano.
23) 26) dialog: I can only hope that she was mine. With you as her mother (gesturing, his voice getting louder)
23) 31) dialog: (offscreen, choosing to ignore Hannah's suggestion)
23) 32) text: You never know when she's going to fall off the wagon and humiliate everybody. Hannah, choosing to ignore Evan's remark, hands her mothe cup of coffee; she puts her mother's hands on the cup.
23) 53) text: Now how can you act when there's nothing inside to come out?! Norma sips her coffee, softly sobbing.  Hannah, reacting, walks away from the counter and, capping the bottle of pills, puts them back in the cupboard.  Evan plays the pi offscreen.  The camera moves in on Hannah's face as she reflects, her voice heard over the screen.
23) 64) text: Now, Holly's not shy. They stop at the entrance to the den.  Evan can be seen playing the piano as they continue their conversation.
23) 68) text: I'd have been a great dope addict. Norma chortles.  Hannah laughs, touching her mother.  The walk over to Evan at the piano.
23) 69) dialog: (looking up)
23) 70) text: Remember this, Hannah? Evan plays a few bars of "You Are Too Beautiful" as mothe and daughter, their backs to the camera, listen.  Norma leans over the piano; Hannah looks off into the distance, deep in reflection.  The piano music continues in the background as the movie cuts to: Lee walking along a wharf by the waterfront.  The wind bl her hair; she hugs the e.e. cummings book to her chest. She, too, is deep in thought.  She stops at the edge of t wharf; the camera continues to move, to a group of wooden pilings nearby, lapped by the water.
39) 0) text: It's Thanksgiving at Hannah's once again.  Guests are crowded together in the living room, surrounding the pian where Evan is sitting and flipping through some sheet mus Norma stands behind him, leaning against a book-laden wal The guests are chattering, enjoying themselves; a lamp gl on the corner of the piano.  A little boy sitting in a ch next to Evan is talking animatedly with a girl who is leaning over the arm of the sofa.  An adult guest talks t the little boy; another guest takes a sip of wine from a glass she'd placed on the bookshelf behind her as Evan tu and addresses the group.
39) 1) dialog: (gesturing)
39) 4) dialog: (overlapping, to the woman)
39) 8) dialog: (looking back at Norma)
39) 12) dialog: (overlapping Norma, laughing)
39) 15) text: But only slight. Evan continues to laugh with everyone as he starts to pla the piano.  A nearby woman toasts him with her drink.  Th camera moves around the room as he plays, showing the various guests, chattering over the music.  Some are in clusters, in private conversations; others listen and wat the offscreen Evan.  A couple stands by the window; one m gets up from his chair and walks away.  Some guests sip their drinks, smiling, as the camera moves back to the pi and the book-laden wall.  Evan is playing the piano with exuberance.  Norma, still standing behind him, has a poignant, wistful expression on her face.  She mouths the words to the song Evan is playing, "It Could Happen to Yo The woman next to her smiles, enjoying the music, as the camera continues its exploration, moving to a man standin in the doorway with a group of children.  Mavis the maid walks by with a tray of hors d'oeuvres.  The man takes on mouthing his thanks, as the camera travels past the open bookshelf, past two boys in suits who are drinking soda a munching, to reveal Lee.  She is leaning against another doorway, a faraway look on her face as she listens to the music.  Mavis passes in the hall beyond the doorway.  Sev people, deep in conversation, stand nearby as Elliot, holding a drink, walks up behind her.
44) 0) text: A large, perfectly roasted turkey on a serving plate brie fills the screen as the camera moves across the food-lade table in Hannah's kitchen, past an electric mixer, severa bowls, spices, tomatoes, and parsley, to reveal Evan walk through the doorway.
44) 1) dialog: (holding a drink)
44) 6) dialog: (putting ice into his glass)
44) 21) dialog: (overlapping, reacting)
44) 36) text: No! The jazz ends as the record scratches and stops.  Evan's rendition of "Isn't It Romantic" is heard on the piano as Holly, shrugging the strap of her pocketbook off her shoulder, walks towards the living room.  She is stopped three guests--two women, one of them wearing glasses, and man--who are coming out of the room.
44) 47) text: Hello. The movie cuts to Hannah, leaning contentedly against a doorway into the living room and listening to the offscre Evan play the piano.  Elliot, holding his drink, walks ov to her.  They look at each other for a beat; Elliot then hugs Hannah, pulling her towards him.  She leans her head his shoulder, fingering his jacket lapel.  They look offscreen together, happily, intimately, at the offscreen guests, as the camera moves across the room, past a few guests, to reveal Evan sitting at the piano.  Norma sits his side, one arm resting on the piano.  She holds a drin and looks off in the distance, mouthing the words to "Isn It Romantic." The camera then moves to the doorway in the living room, where a man, holding a drink, enters and joins the happy crowd.  Evan can be seen in the background, playing his s A child plays near the coffee table. The camera continues to move past the doorway, past a hug grandfather clock, to a second doorway leading to the den Here, more guests are gathered; a child sits in a small chair by the sofa.  He sips a soda as female guest #2 ent the room and crouches down next to him, smiling.  She wav to him.  He waves back as the camera continues to move pa the doorway to reveal Holly, standing in front of a hallw mirror, fixing her earrings.  Mavis can be seen in the background, through the doorway into the dining room, lighting the candles on the table.  She dims the lights, darkening the room and the hallway where Holly stands in warm candlelit glow.  Mavis leaves the dining room and passes Holly.