2) 0) text: The living room is crowded with family and guests sitting comfortably on chairs near the piano, where Evan, Hannah' father, plays "Bewitched" as Hannah's mother, Norma, sits nearby, accompanying him in their duet.  A child is spraw out under a blanket on a sofa; some guests chatter quietl others drink and eat, listening. EVAN &amp; NORMA (singing)
9) 22) text: ...a little, uh, hey!  A little hug! What is this?  Now how 'bout a little action from the kids? The twins put down their gifts, one on the sofa, one on t coffee table, and hug their father.
10) 12) text: You know, I saw your father this week about his sinus...
20) 82) text: Yeah, well, I would be the father. (pointing to Norman)
23) 4) text: I am glad to see you. Hannah takes off her shoulder bag and her coat as her aggravated father walks past her towards the kitchen.  He passes a wall with an ornate mirror and some framed photographs.
23) 10) text: Always. Hannah hurriedly passes her father and enters the kitchen her mother takes a sip of her drink.
23) 27) text: her father could be anybody in Actors' Equity!
35) 33) text: The film cuts to Father Flynn's rectory office.  The Cath priest looks out a simple stained-glass window, then turn to an offscreen Mickey.
35) 34) dialog: (gesturing)
35) 35) text: Now why do you think that you would like to convert to Catholicism? The camera moves back to reveal Mickey, his back to the camera, sitting in front of Father Flynn's desk.  A lamp lit in the background; the Father's desk is neat.  The ro is comfortably decorated in wood and leather.
35) 37) dialog: (pacing behind his desk and gesturing)
35) 41) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 42) text: So at the moment you don't believe in God. The camera cuts back to Father Flynn, who walks over to a leather armchair next to a table set for tea.  He begins pour the tea into china cups.
35) 44) text: No.  A-a-and I-I want to.  You know, I'm-I'm willing to do anything. I'll, you know, I'll dye Easter eggs if it works. (walking over to Father Flynn and sitting down in an adjacent chair)
35) 47) dialog: (stopping his tea pouring)
35) 48) text: It means making a very big leap. Father Flynn clasps his hands in his lap.
35) 54) text: I don't understand. (turning to his offscreen father)
35) 56) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 57) text: How can we be happy? His father walks into view, carrying a teacup and a candy dish.  He strides past Mickey towards the kitchen.
35) 60) dialog: (offscreen, in the kitchen)
35) 64) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 68) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 71) text: So, just 'cause I was born that way... You know, I'm old enough to make a mature decision. Mickey's father walks into view; he stands by the stove n the kitchen doorway, picking up a dirty glass and some bo to clean.
35) 72) dialog: But why Jesus Christ?  Why, for instance, shouldn't you become a Buddhist? Holding the dirty dishes in his hand, Mickey's father loo at his son.
35) 74) text: A Bud--?  That's totally alien to me.  Look, you're getting on in years, right?  Aren't you afraid of dying? Mickey's father walks offscreen again, to the kitchen sin
35) 75) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 79) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 82) text: That thought doesn't terrify you? Mickey's father walks out of the kitchen, past his son, t the living room.
35) 83) dialog: (waving his arm)
35) 87) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 91) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 94) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 95) text: Who knows what'll be? Mickey's father comes back on screen; he's carrying a pla of hors d'oeuvres and an empty glass towards the kitchen. He stops and looks down the hall at Mickey, who's now struggling to open the bathroom door.
35) 96) dialog: (gesturing with his hands full)
35) 107) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 108) text: How the hell do I know why there were Nazis?  I don't know how the can opener works. Mickey starts pounding the door again as the movie cuts t A beautiful snow-covered church downtown, complete with courtyard and wrought-iron fence.  A pedestrian walks by with an umbrella.  A church choir sings a soaring hymn ov the scene. The music continues as the film moves inside, where the choir is seen singing behind an altar glowing warm gold. fairly large congregation sits in darkened pews as the fi cuts to the back, where Mickey, his arms crossed, stands underneath some stained-glass windows, watching and liste to the inspiring music. The choir continues to sing as the movie cuts to Father Flynn in his office. He picks up some large, heavy books from a shelf near his window and he walks over to Mickey, who's standing near h desk, already holding several tomes.  Father Flynn puts t books on top of Mickey's pile; Mickey, flipping through t top one, awkwardly carries his bundle to the door. Next is seen a close-up of a painting of Jesus Christ on cross, complete with crown of thorns and holy expression. His eyes, especially designed to blink as the lights hit them, open and close repeatedly.  The hymn plays on, loud as the camera moves back, revealing Mickey, standing outs a barber shop window, looking at the Christ playing and shuffling from side to side to gets its eyes' 3-D effect. Smaller inspirational pictures border the bigger, blinkin Christ.  A barber pole with moving stripes stands nearby; passing traffic is reflected in the window. Mickey turns from the window, shrugging, and starts to wa down the street, past a fruit and vegetable store with op air-displayed flowers, past several briskly moving pedestrians. With the hymn still playing, the screen goes black briefl Mickey opens the door, the light from a hallway illuminat him.  He's just entered his apartment.  He closes the doo and walks through his dark foyer; he carries a brown bag. He switches on the light, and walking past his spiral staircase, past several framed pictures on the wall, he makes his way to his living room coffee table.  Mickey pu a crucifix out of the bag; he looks at it, then puts it o the table near a pile of books and some objets d'art.  He then takes out a copy of the New Testament, putting it on top of the crucifix.  Then out comes a framed picture of saint.  It too gets put on the growing pile.  But the bag not yet empty.  Next comes a large loaf of Wonder Bread a a large jar of Hellman's mayonnaise.  Mickey sets them on top of the saint.
44) 47) text: Hello. The movie cuts to Hannah, leaning contentedly against a doorway into the living room and listening to the offscre Evan play the piano.  Elliot, holding his drink, walks ov to her.  They look at each other for a beat; Elliot then hugs Hannah, pulling her towards him.  She leans her head his shoulder, fingering his jacket lapel.  They look offscreen together, happily, intimately, at the offscreen guests, as the camera moves across the room, past a few guests, to reveal Evan sitting at the piano.  Norma sits his side, one arm resting on the piano.  She holds a drin and looks off in the distance, mouthing the words to "Isn It Romantic." The camera then moves to the doorway in the living room, where a man, holding a drink, enters and joins the happy crowd.  Evan can be seen in the background, playing his s A child plays near the coffee table. The camera continues to move past the doorway, past a hug grandfather clock, to a second doorway leading to the den Here, more guests are gathered; a child sits in a small chair by the sofa.  He sips a soda as female guest #2 ent the room and crouches down next to him, smiling.  She wav to him.  He waves back as the camera continues to move pa the doorway to reveal Holly, standing in front of a hallw mirror, fixing her earrings.  Mavis can be seen in the background, through the doorway into the dining room, lighting the candles on the table.  She dims the lights, darkening the room and the hallway where Holly stands in warm candlelit glow.  Mavis leaves the dining room and passes Holly.
44) 64) text: You know, I was talking with your father before...and I was telling him that (kissing)