0) 0) text: A full face of Lee, wearing a gray sweater and leaning against the dining room doorway.  She gazes into the came with a half-smile on her face as Elliot speaks over the screen.
0) 3) dialog: Hi, how are you? Two more guests enter the apartment; the vestibule is ful now.  Still walking, Lee lightly hugs one of the children she continues on her way towards the living room.  Elliot voice, as well as the jazzy music, is heard.
0) 7) text: What am I gonna do? Lee starts to walk off again, finishing her conversation with her mother.  She passes several other guests, then turns to greet April, giving her a warm, brief hug.
2) 1) text: "A whimpering, simpering Child again Bewitched, bothered, and bewildered Am I..." As they continue to sing, the film cuts back to the kitch where Lee, carrying some glasses, enters through the door
2) 2) dialog: Mom and Dad are floating down memory lane again! Lee walks over to her sisters, putting the glasses down o counter.  Hannah is scooping seeds out of a cantaloupe. Holly, leaning on the table, sips her drink.  The music f the living room is softly heard as the three sisters chat comfortably and easily with each other.
2) 5) dialog: (nodding to Holly, touching her arm)
2) 11) dialog: (interrupting, to Hannah)
2) 17) dialog: (continuing)
2) 21) dialog: (turning to Holly)
2) 29) dialog: (nodding)
2) 33) dialog: (turning towards the sink)
2) 41) dialog: (laughing)
2) 46) dialog: (laughing, to Hannah)
2) 49) dialog: (nodding)
2) 50) text: Okay. Lee leaves the kitchen.  Holly, puffing on her cigarette, watches her go.
3) 79) dialog: (offscreen)
3) 82) dialog: (offscreen)
3) 86) text: Oh, great. The camera stays with Lee as she walks around the room, p another curtained window, a television set, and a rolltop desk.  She absently flips through the book as she talks t the offscreen Elliot.
3) 87) dialog: Yeah, it was, it was one of his better drawings, a very beautiful nude study.  Actually, it was of me. (laughing)
3) 88) text: It's funny, you know, it's a funny feeling to know you're being hung naked in some stranger's living room. Lee puts the book she's been holding down on the desk, on to pick up another one.  She looks at the offscreen Ellio
3) 89) dialog: Well, you can't tell it's me, although-- (pausing)
3) 93) dialog: (offscreen)
3) 94) text: Oh, I don't know.  My unemployment checks are running out.  Um, I was thinking of taking some courses at Columbia with the last of my savings. As Lee speaks, Elliot parts a hanging curtain against the wall to reveal a stereo and some records.  He looks at th offscreen Lee.
3) 96) dialog: (offscreen)
3) 97) text: I don't know exactly. As Elliot reaches inside the stereo shelf, grabbing a bot of antihistamines, the camera moves back to Lee, who sits down on the bed.  She is still holding a book.
3) 98) dialog: Uh, sociology, psychology maybe.  I always thought I might like to work with children. Elliot walks over to Lee; he sits down on a footstool in front of her.
3) 101) dialog: Yeah, sure. (taking the bottle of pills Elliot hands her)
3) 106) text: Dinner's ready. Hannah, eating a carrot stick, enters the bedroom.  The camera stays with her momentarily as she walks towards Elliot and Lee.
3) 107) dialog: (offscreen)
3) 111) dialog: (offscreen)
3) 115) dialog: I bumped into your...
3) 118) dialog: (continuing)
3) 122) dialog: (gesturing)
3) 130) dialog: (standing up, overlapping)
4) 0) text: Everyone is seated around the table for Thanksgiving dinn Facing the camera are Holly, Lee, Norma, and Hannah.  She sits to the left of Elliot, who's at the head of the tabl On his right is Evan; April sits next to him.  She and th other guests sit with their backs to the screen.  The tab overflows with food, floral decorations, and candles.  In the background, the children sit at a separate table; a m serves them turkey.  The guests chatter comfortably among themselves as they eat.
4) 6) dialog: (reacting, to Holly)
4) 19) text: Uh, and a little help... Lee and Holly try to suppress their laughter.  Norma glar at them.
4) 38) text: I played Nora.  I hate to tell you what year... The guests, sipping their wine, quiet down as Norma conti to speak.  Lee and Holly unsuccessfully try to contain th laughter.  Mavis reenters the dining room to serve more f to the children.
5) 0) text: A taxi moves down Broadway towards the camera, passing a truck on the right, the Winter Garden marquee advertising Cats, and several buildings, and as the taxi moves offscr the classical music still playing, the movie cuts to the taxi's backseat.  Lee sits by the window, leaning her hea in her hand, a reflective look on her face.  Her voice is heard over the screen.
5) 1) dialog: Is it my imagination, or does Elliot have a little crush on me? (chuckling slightly)
6) 0) text: Lee stirs a cup of coffee on the counter of the loft's modern kitchen area; a nearby vase hold flowers.  She wal across the loft, with its high ceilings and beige walls, holding her coffee.
6) 1) dialog: (to an offscreen Frederick)
6) 4) text: No, thank you. Lee continues to walk, past a modern chaise, a bookcase, some sofas, two columns.  Lamps hang down from the ceilin The classical music still plays in the background.  Lee stops at a plastic-enclosed work area.  Frederick can be seen working at a drawing board on the other side of the clear plastic screen.
6) 5) dialog: (stirring her coffee)
6) 8) dialog: Are you sure?
6) 10) dialog: (walking around the screen to Frederick)
6) 12) text: As Lee walks over to the drawing board where Frederick is sitting, he is seen intently cleaning some paintbrushes w a rag.  Lee stands by him, leaning over the board, and lo directly at him.  The table is filled with cans of brushe and artist's equipment.
6) 13) dialog: God! (sniffing)
6) 18) dialog: You're not going to abuse them. They're all so sweet.
6) 20) text: Lee... (pausing, reaching for Lee's hand)
6) 21) text: you are the only person I can be with...who I really look forward to being with. (pulling Lee to him, around the board)
6) 22) dialog: (compliantly)
6) 23) text: You're too harsh with everyone. You know that, don't you? Frederick and Lee embrace; Lee sighs.
6) 26) dialog: (sighing)
6) 29) dialog: (overlapping)
6) 35) dialog: (nodding)
6) 38) text: I don't think so. Lee kisses Frederick twice, then releases him and walks o of the work area.
6) 39) dialog: (turning her head in Frederick's direction)
6) 40) text: Oh, Elliot said he might have a couple of clients for you. Lee walks over to the loft's stereo area, pulling up the sleeves of her sweater as Frederick talks.
6) 42) text: I'm sure all those morons he handles have a deep feeling for art. Lee picks up a book from the stereo shelf.  She leans bac against the unit, glancing through its pages.
6) 43) dialog: (flipping through the book)
6) 48) dialog: (looking up from the book)
6) 53) dialog: Based on what?  You never even see him. The camera stays with Frederick as he walks into the loft bedroom area.
6) 57) dialog: (walking over to him)
6) 58) text: Oh, no, no, no.  He's my sister's husband.  And I think if you gave him half a chance, you'd like him. He's very intelligent. Lee sits down next to Frederick; he takes her hand.
6) 60) text: And I prefer to sell my work to people who appreciate it, not to rock stars. (kissing Lee's face)
6) 61) text: You understand? Lee kisses Frederick back on the cheek.  They embrace. Frederick laughs; their embrace gets tighter.
6) 62) dialog: (sighing)
15) 0) text: The movie briefly holds on a ripped, red, paint-splattere door as Elliot, wearing a raincoat, appears nearby.  He looks down the street and the film cuts to his point of view: Frederick's loft building. The movie goes back to the impatient Elliot; he's looking around him.  He glances at his watch as the film cuts bac once again to the loft building, where Lee finally appear walking down the street away from Elliot.  A truck passes down the street.  Lee doesn't see him.  She walks further and further away; she turns a corner. Elliot frantically looks around again; then, in a burst o decision, he runs around a garbage dump, crossing the street, and still running, he moves down an adjacent stre past The Canal Lumber Company and several other buildings as the film cuts back to Lee, walking down a different street, oblivious. The jazz plays on as the movie cuts back and forth betwee the fast-moving Elliot, rushing down the SoHo streets, pa a truck waiting for a light to change, past some pedestri some garbage cans, turning corners, and the strolling Lee walking up different streets, past different buildings. Lee eventually crosses a street, lost in thought, looking right and left, as Elliot, pretending nonchalance, waits the corner, looking at his watch.  She looks up in surpri the music stops.
15) 3) dialog: (overlapping, smiling in surprise)
15) 6) dialog: (smiling)
15) 10) dialog: (shaking her head)
15) 13) dialog: (overlapping)
15) 17) dialog: (laughing)
15) 21) dialog: Oh.  Well, I live--
15) 24) dialog: (overlapping, chuckling)
15) 28) dialog: Oh, I was just going to my AA meeting.
15) 30) dialog: (laughing)
15) 34) dialog: Yeah, unhappy and fat. (chuckling)
15) 37) dialog: (laughing)
15) 42) dialog: (gesturing, laughing)
15) 47) dialog: (overlapping, pointing)
15) 50) dialog: (nodding)
15) 54) dialog: (nodding)
15) 57) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 62) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 66) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 71) dialog: (looking up at a row of books)
15) 75) dialog: No, I don't have time. Lee stops at the row where Elliot has been browsing.  She hidden by a shelf; only Elliot is seen as he talks to the offscreen Lee.
15) 78) dialog: (offscreen, chuckling)
15) 82) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 86) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 87) text: Yes? Elliot starts walking down the center aisle, in the same direction Lee had walked up.  He continues to talk to her she remains offscreen in a nearby row.
15) 90) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 93) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 97) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 104) dialog: (offscreen, laughing)
15) 108) dialog: (offscreen)
15) 115) text: Lee walks over to Elliot in the center aisle.  She looks the book.
15) 116) dialog: (overlapping)
15) 120) dialog: (looking down at the book)
15) 123) text: And-and maybe, um...maybe we could discuss it sometime. He hands Lee the book.  She thumbs through it, as the mov cuts to: The street outside the bookstore.  Lee, holding the book a brown bag, and Elliot are walking out.
15) 124) dialog: (laughing, holding up the bag)
15) 128) dialog: (nodding)
15) 133) dialog: (laughing)
15) 134) text: Really?  Well... Elliot opens the rear door for Lee.  She laughs as she ge in.
15) 137) dialog: Bye.
16) 0) text: Lee, in slacks and shirt, is curled up on the bed, her ba to the camera, as she reads the e.e. cummings poem in the glow of a night-table lamp.  The piano music is still hea
16) 1) dialog: (reading)
16) 2) text: "your slightest look easily will unclose me though I have closed myself as fingers, you open always petal by petal myself... As Lee continues to read aloud, the movie cuts to Elliot' darkened den, lit by a light in the hallway.  Elliot ente wearing a robe, crossing the room in the dark.
16) 3) dialog: (continuing reading)
16) 4) text: "...as Spring opens [touching skillfully, mysteriously] her first rose [i do not know what it is about you that closes and opens; only something in me understands the voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses]... Elliot turns on a light.  The camera stays on his face as looks off into the distance, mouthing indistinctly the li of poetry Lee next reads.
16) 5) dialog: (continuing reading)
16) 6) text: "nobody, not even the rain, has such small hands." The film leaves Elliot's face and cuts back to the loft, where Lee, having finished the poem, sits up in the bed, staring pensively, lost in her thoughts.
19) 3) text: Oh, jeez, I can't sleep!  Oh, God, there's a tumor in my head the size of a basketball! (putting on his slippers)
21) 3) text: Lee, Frederick...say hello to Dusty Frye. Lee closes the door behind the men and walks over to Dust
21) 4) dialog: (shaking Dusty's hand)
21) 10) dialog: Oh. They walk into the living room area of the loft, where Frederick, his hands in his pockets, neatly attired in ve sweater and white shirt, stands, waiting.
21) 18) dialog: (chuckling, her arms crossed)
21) 21) dialog: (nodding)
21) 25) dialog: (nodding)
21) 32) text: She's beautiful.  But, uh, really, I-I-I-I need something... I'm looking for something big. As Dusty talks, the camera follows Elliot, who walks past the others to examine the drawings more closely.  Two fra nude drawings of Lee are propped up on an easel.  Elliot glances admiringly at the drawings, then surreptitiously Lee, admiring her body as she converses with an offscreen Dusty and Frederick.
21) 33) dialog: (looking at an offscreen Frederick, gesturing)
21) 36) text: They're in the basement. The camera leaves Elliot to follow the enthusiastic Lee a she takes Dusty by the arm and starts leading him to the door.  Frederick follows at a distance.
21) 37) dialog: (to Dusty)
21) 41) dialog: Yeah.  Some of them...yeah, some of them are very big.
21) 45) dialog: (chuckling, reacting)
21) 46) text: Oh, Frederick! The camera now moves back to Elliot, still staring at the nude drawings, as the sounds of Frederick's and Dusty's footsteps are heard leaving the loft.  He turns and hesitantly smiles to an offscreen Lee.
21) 49) dialog: (walking onscreen towards Elliot)
21) 52) dialog: (nodding, her arms clasped around her chest)
21) 55) text: But I go nuts.  It's a conflict. He laughs.  Lee, uneasy, looks down.
21) 56) dialog: I have to get my teeth cleaned this week.
21) 60) dialog: (looking in the same direction, gesturing)
21) 63) dialog: (nodding, wrapping her arms around her chest again)
21) 66) dialog: (gesturing, relieved that she's found something to say)
21) 67) text: Oh, speaking of records...I bought that Mozart Trio you recommended... The camera follows Lee as she walks quickly to the stereo unit, pulling a record off the shelf.
21) 68) dialog: (continuing)
21) 72) dialog: (working at the stereo, turning her head towards Elliot)
21) 76) dialog: (putting the turntable cover in place)
21) 80) text: The record in place, Lee turns and leans back against the stereo unit.  She listens to the music, her eyes closed. The record plays for a few moments in the quiet room, as Elliot walks over to Lee and leans against the shelf near
21) 81) dialog: (intently)
21) 84) text: I know this.  Bach.  F Minor Concerto.  It's one of my favorites. Lee, smiling, continues to listen to the music, her head down; Elliot stares at her.
21) 87) dialog: (wrapping her arms around her chest and looking away from Elliot for a moment)
21) 89) dialog: (awkwardly)
21) 92) text: Oh, right. There is another moment of silence.  Elliot stares at Lee who continues to look down, her arms around her chest.  T harpsichord plays on.
21) 95) dialog: Yes, it made me cry (tentatively looking at Elliot)
21) 96) text: it was so beautiful...so romantic. Lee looks down again; the music plays softly and Elliot continues to stare at her, thinking.
21) 100) dialog: (showing Elliot a poem in her book)
21) 101) text: Did you ever read this one--? Elliot leaps up, grabs Lee, and kisses her passionately. Lee, surprised, pushes him away.
21) 102) dialog: Elliot!  Don't!
21) 106) dialog: (gasping)
21) 109) text: I...I'm-I'm-I'm-I'm sorry.  I have to talk to you for... There's so much that I want to tell you. Lee stares at Elliot in shock.
21) 110) dialog: (still gasping)
21) 113) text: I have been in love with you for so long. Frederick and Dusty's indistinct voices, raised in argume are suddenly heard.  Elliot quickly turns away from Lee. She tries to compose herself and the film cuts to the lof entranceway.  Frederick enters the loft first, followed b confused Dusty.  They stride across the loft past Lee, wh is standing by the stereo.  Elliot, standing near the nud drawings, is looking through a book.
21) 118) dialog: (in a slightly higher-pitched voice)
21) 146) text: Hello?  Hello?  Hello? When no one answers, Frederick, reacting, hangs up, and t film moves back outside to the phone booth, where Elliot, the phone receiver to his ear, listens for a moment, then hangs up.  He walks out of the booth, reacting, then walk down the sidewalk, where he bumps into a frantic Lee, jus turning the corner.
21) 147) dialog: (gesturing in relief)
21) 149) dialog: I was looking for you.
21) 152) dialog: (gesturing)
21) 153) text: Well, how do you expect me to react to such a thing? Elliot, uneasy, glances up in the direction of Frederick' loft.  He leads Lee a few yards up the street, away from prying eyes.
21) 156) dialog: Oh, don't say those words!
21) 159) dialog: (pushing back her hair, shaking her head hopelessly)
21) 163) dialog: What do you expect me to say?
21) 165) dialog: (shaking her head)
21) 168) dialog: Not because of me, I hope.
21) 171) dialog: Oh, I can't be the cause of anything between you and Hannah.  I jus--
21) 174) dialog: Why?
21) 176) dialog: (gesturing)
21) 179) dialog: (looking down)
21) 182) dialog: (reacting uneasily)
21) 185) dialog: (putting her hand to her head)
21) 186) text: Yes!  But I...I have certain feelings for you, but don't make me say anything more, all right? Lee looks at him.
21) 188) text: O-o-o-okay, Lee.  Okay, okay.  You, you, y-you've said enough.  It's my responsibility now.  I will work things out.
21) 189) dialog: Look, don't do anything on my behalf. (shaking her head)
21) 192) dialog: (reacting)
21) 196) dialog: (reacting)
23) 60) text: I just had a lot of luck...from my first show, you know?  I've always thought Lee was the one destined for great things.
23) 70) text: Remember this, Hannah? Evan plays a few bars of "You Are Too Beautiful" as mothe and daughter, their backs to the camera, listen.  Norma leans over the piano; Hannah looks off into the distance, deep in reflection.  The piano music continues in the background as the movie cuts to: Lee walking along a wharf by the waterfront.  The wind bl her hair; she hugs the e.e. cummings book to her chest. She, too, is deep in thought.  She stops at the edge of t wharf; the camera continues to move, to a group of wooden pilings nearby, lapped by the water.
24) 0) text: The quiet continues as the film cuts to a close-up of a large, circular CAT-scan module in an antiseptic hospital room.  A slowly moving stretcher, bearing Mickey's strapp prone body, begins to enter the round opening of the modu As the camera pulls back from Mickey, his taped head unde the scan, two technicians can be seen through the window separating the scanner from the control room.  One of the sitting down, taps information into a computer while the other technician stands nearby, looking from Mickey to th computer screen. The movie then cuts briefly to the computer screen, showi an image of Mickey's skull.  Scan lines bleep over the sk The camera moves up from the screen to reveal Mickey once again, as seen through the window, silent and serious und the CAT-scan module. From Mickey's prone form, the film moves to the two technicians, as seen through the window in the scanner ro They examine the computer screen and talk indistinctly to each other.  One of the men, nodding, taps more informati into the computer. While they're studying the CAT-scan picture, the camera c to a back view of Mickey under the module.  There is a science-fiction feel to this scene, as if Mickey is lying the center of a huge, white, futuristic circle.  The stretcher, bearing Mickey, slowly moves out of the module
27) 48) dialog: I almost didn't.
27) 50) text: Lee... uh...
27) 51) dialog: I didn't sleep all night.
27) 53) text: No, no-no-no, I'm sure. They walk towards the camera, further into the room.  Ell puts his arm around Lee.
27) 54) dialog: What are we doing, meeting in a hotel room?  It's terrible, isn't it? The music stops.  The camera follows Lee as she walks towards the curtained windows, past a fireplace, a mirror some innocuous pictures, a delicate table holding a lamp, the foot of the bed.
27) 57) dialog: I promised myself I wouldn't let this happen till you were living alone.  I was so torn when you called. She parts a corner of the curtains, looking out the windo turning when Elliot speaks.
27) 59) text: I've wanted to call you everyday since I first told you how I felt. He walks over to Lee by the curtained windows.
27) 61) text: Don't think badly of me. He takes Lee into his arms.
27) 63) dialog: (whispering)
27) 64) text: I know it isn't. They kiss, their figures almost silhouetted in the warm g of the room.  Elliot takes Lee's coat off without breakin the kiss.  They embrace.  They kiss each other lightly, t stronger, more passionately, their embrace much tighter. And it's later that night.  The harpsichord music begins play again as the camera moves over the bed covers to rev Lee, lying contentedly under the sheets, her hair fanned on the pillows, one arm near her head.
27) 65) dialog: That was just perfect.  You've ruined me for anyone else.
27) 68) dialog: (sighing)
27) 71) text: Oh, my God. He enters the screen, sitting down on the edge of the bed next to Lee.  He holds a cigarette.
27) 73) dialog: (chuckling, touching Elliot's arm)
27) 75) dialog: I know she must be a really passionate person.
27) 77) text: Yes, she's, she's very warm, but, but it-it's me that wants to be giving to you.  I-I-I want to do things for you.  Hannah doesn't need me as much. (chuckling as Lee laughs)
27) 79) dialog: (nodding)
27) 80) text: I want you to take care of me... And I love when you do things to me. Elliot leans down to Lee; they begin to kiss passionately
28) 0) text: Lee walks along the sidewalk in the rain; she's bareheade The streets are dark.  A car drives by; a pedestrian pass holding an umbrella.  Lee passes a restaurant well lit inside by hanging lamps.  The baroque music continues as enters the loft, her head soaked.  She closes the door, touching her soaking hair.
28) 2) text: You're late. Lee walks through the loft's living room area, unbelting coat, towards the bathroom.  She passes Frederick, who si at a table in the kitchen area, drinking a cup of coffee reading the paper.  A plate with a half-eaten sandwich si in front of him.  The music stops.
28) 3) dialog: (opening the bathroom door)
28) 6) text: You missed a very dull TV show about Auschwitz.  More gruesome film clips...and more puzzled intellectuals declaring their mystification over the systematic murder of millions. As he talks, Lee is seen turning on the bathroom light. takes off her coat, hanging it on a hook, then begins to her hair with a towel.
28) 9) text: "Why doesn't it happen more often?" Of course it does, in subtler forms. Frederick takes a bite of his sandwich and another sip of coffee as Lee walks out of the bathroom, tossing the towe down on the counter.
28) 10) dialog: (moving her fingers through her wet hair)
28) 13) text: It's been ages since I sat in front of the TV... just changing channels to find something. As Frederick continues his monologue, Lee is busy in the background: striking a wooden match and lighting a burner the stove for the kettle, taking a glass out of the cupbo walking into the bathroom for some pills, filling the gla with water in the kitchen sink, and taking her pills.
28) 16) text: Money, money, money!  If Jesus came back, and saw what's going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up. He takes a bite of his sandwich and a sip of coffee.  Lee sets her glass on the kitchen counter and walks towards t bedroom area.
28) 17) dialog: (impatiently, her hands in her hair)
28) 18) text: Oh, God, Frederick, could you please lighten up?!  I'm really not in the mood to hear a review of contemporary society again. She starts to take off her wet clothes by the bed.  Frede takes off his glasses.  He turns and looks at Lee in surp
28) 21) dialog: (sighing)
28) 25) dialog: (unbuttoning her blouse)
28) 29) text: When you leave the nest, I just want you to be ready to face the real world. He pulls Lee down next to him on the bed.
28) 30) dialog: (putting her hand on Frederick's leg)
28) 34) dialog: Oh, you know what.  I'm suffocating!
28) 37) dialog: Yes, we're going to have this conversation again.  I...I have to leave.  I have to move out.
28) 40) dialog: (sighing)
28) 44) dialog: I don't know.  I thought, maybe I'd move in with my parents for a while.
28) 47) dialog: (hugging her arm with her other hand)
28) 50) text: Oh...Lee, you are my whole world. (pausing)
28) 52) dialog: (reacting, pushing Frederick's hands from her face)
28) 56) dialog: (quickly standing up, defensively)
28) 60) dialog: (overlapping, running away from the bed)
28) 61) text: Stop accusing me! Lee runs into the kitchen, her hands tight around her che
28) 63) text: I'm too smart, Lee!  You can't fool me!  You're turning all red! Lee, fraught with emotion, briefly puts her outstretched hands on the refrigerator door, then turns around and lea against it, hugging herself, her blouse still unbuttoned, her hair still wet and bedraggled.
28) 64) dialog: Leave me alone! Frederick enters the kitchen area and leans against the counter.
28) 67) dialog: (leaning against the refrigerator, sighing)
28) 70) dialog: (overlapping, her voice emotionally raised)
28) 73) dialog: (sighing, nodding)
28) 75) dialog: (walking into the bathroom)
28) 79) dialog: (frantically putting things in her purse, glaring at Frederick)
28) 82) dialog: It doesn't make a difference!  I have to move out!
28) 84) dialog: (gesturing emotionally)
28) 88) dialog: (gesturing, moving closer to Frederick)
28) 92) dialog: (rubbing Frederick's shoulder tenderly)
28) 94) text: it's not sexual anymore.  It's certainly not intellectual.  I mean, you're so superior to me in every way that-- Frederick furiously shakes Lee away.  He pounds his fist against a cupboard.  Lee, gasping, moves away.
28) 97) dialog: (sighing)
28) 98) text: Oh, God, don't you know it never would have worked? Frederick turns away from Lee.  He begins to pace near th counter.
29) 21) text: Then, time will pass.  I won't call, and she'll get the idea.  I gotta stop this before I get in too deep.  I'd rather hurt Lee a little, than destroy Hannah. Elliot stops pacing and checks his wristwatch.
29) 29) text: Mel! The movie cuts to Lee, standing in the dark in Frederick' loft.  She talks softly into the telephone.
29) 30) dialog: (into the telephone)
29) 32) text: Good night. Lee hangs up the phone and the movie cuts back to Elliot, standing in his living room.  Stunned, he slowly lowers t phone receiver.
29) 47) text: "I'm gonna dance at clubs Gonna do just what I'm told Because I'm bleedin' now And I'm bleedin' now I wanna slip, slip, slip, slip, slip Into the crowd I wanna slip, slip, slip, slip, slip Into the crowd..." The camera moves back to Holly and the even more stricken looking Mickey.  They are crowded in with people.  In the background, a waitress holds up a tray.  A man drinks fro glass mug; people chatter indistinctly over the loud band The club is noisy, smoky, and thick with people.  Holly glances at Mickey once again, this time unable to contain her annoyance.
31) 29) text: A big-band rendition of "You Made Me Love You" begins as film cuts to a hotel room.  Elliot and Lee can be seen dancing cheek to cheek in the reflection of a mirror over dresser.  A TV sits in the corner.  A lamp is on one side the dresser; on the other side is a bucket with champagne Two half-full glasses sit nearby.  Elliot and Lee dance i view.  Without missing a beat, Elliot picks up one of the glasses of champagne and hands it to Lee.  She sips.  Ell sips, then puts it back down on the dresser.  They embrac tightly, continuing to dance.
36) 0) text: Lee is walking down the street, looking around her.  The sidewalk is fairly crowded with people; the sounds of traffic are heard.  She passes some office buildings, a store's large display window; she stops when she sees Han Her sister is waiting outside the Art Deco faГ§ade of a restaurant; she's looking in the opposite direction.  Lee taps Hannah on the shoulder; Hannah, surprised, turns and gasps.
36) 1) dialog: (overlapping Hannah's gasp)
36) 4) dialog: (overlapping)
36) 8) dialog: (following Hannah through the restaurant's doors)
36) 12) dialog: Why?
36) 15) dialog: (unbuttoning her coat)
36) 16) text: Oh, Hannah, she's-she's just embarrassed in front of you, that's all. Hannah walks offscreen, farther into the coatcheck room. She talks offscreen as Lee alone is seen, reacting and speaking as well.  In the background, a waiter crosses ov to the bar, then walks away.
36) 19) dialog: Oh, me, I'm okay.
36) 22) dialog: No.
36) 25) dialog: (interrupting, her voice slightly higher-pitched as she takes off her coat)
36) 29) dialog: (overlapping)
36) 33) text: Y-yeah. Hannah walks out of the coatcheck room without her coat; it's Lee's turn to disappear and check her things.  Now o Hannah can be seen onscreen as the sisters talk.  In the background, the waiter once again walks over to the bar.
36) 37) dialog: (offscreen, overlapping)
36) 40) dialog: (offscreen)
36) 44) dialog: (offscreen)
36) 48) dialog: (walking back onscreen without her coat, reacting)
36) 54) dialog: (overlapping, leaning against the coatcheck wall)
36) 70) dialog: April? The hostess appears, peeking around the corner of the coatcheck area.  She signals for the three sisters to fol her.
36) 77) dialog: Hmm.  I never trusted April, you know.  She has eyes in the back of her head. They sit down.  The hostess leaves.  Other diners are see in the background; a waiter is taking the order of a coup sitting on a banquette; other waiters clear off a table. Diners walk in and out.  A low murmur of conversation, as well as the faint clatter of dishes, is heard.  The camer moves closer to the three sisters, circling the table as Holly speaks.
36) 79) dialog: (overlapping)
36) 96) text: Well-well, like what? Lee looks up, her hand still on her mouth, watching Hanna as the camera slowly moves off her to show Hannah.
36) 107) dialog: (shaking her head, unable to take much more)
36) 112) dialog: (trying to alleviate the tension)
36) 119) dialog: (overlapping, reacting)
36) 135) text: You know, I could always tell what you thought of me by the type of men you fixed me up with! The camera, slowly circling the table, is back on Lee's f While her sisters argue emotionally on her right and left she is looking down, biting her lip.  She is outwardly still, but her face is registering her seething emotions.
36) 140) dialog: (interrupting angrily, looking as if she's about to cry)
36) 144) dialog: (interrupting, shaking her head)
36) 148) dialog: (sobbing and gesturing)
36) 151) text: What's the matter with you, Lee? Why are you so sensitive all of a sudden?
36) 163) text: Take...take a year.  Take six months.  Whatever you want.  Who knows?  Maybe you'll, maybe you'll be sitting with a good play. She opens her menu, then turns to Lee, reacting suddenly her sister, who is rubbing her forehead, looking terribly upset.
36) 165) text: What's the matter?  What's the matter with you? (offscreen again as the camera circles back to Lee)
36) 167) dialog: (overlapping, nodding and stuttering)
36) 171) dialog: (still rubbing her forehead, looking down at the menu)
36) 178) text: I want Lee, but I can't harm Hannah. And in no other area am I a procrastinator. Elliot raises his cigarette to take a drag.  The camera follows the cigarette up to his face.  Elliot looks thoughtful as the movie cuts to:
37) 0) text: Lee, wearing jeans and carrying an armful of books, is running up a broad set of steps in the sunlight, greeting other students as she passes.  Elliot continues to talk o the scene...
38) 0) text: Hare Krishna music is heard over a sunlit view of the Manhattan skyline and the green trees of Central Park.  T camera moves down to reveal a large group of Hare Krishna dancing on the broad green lawn among other New Yorkers enjoying the day.  The leader, holding some pamphlets, stands by a chain-link fence, a few feet away from his group, talking to someone on the other side.  It's Mickey as the camera soon shows, wearing a short-sleeved shirt, paper tucked under his arm.
38) 21) text: Bach's Concerto for Harpsichord is heard as the film cuts the waterfront at dusk.  A bench faces some wharf pilings the water gently laps against them as Lee walks into view the wind blowing her hair.  She stands and faces the wate and the distant skyline across the bay.  The view is contemplative, beautiful in the dim light. Lee is alone; her hands are in her pockets.  Lee, thinkin is heard over the scene; the harpsichord music plays in t background.
38) 22) dialog: The nights are really getting cooler.  Summer went so quickly. Soon it'll be fall. (walking to the beach and sitting down)
38) 27) text: Hannah?  Hi.  Listen, um, you'll be happy to know that your money has not gone completely to waste... No, I have an actual first rough draft of something I wrote... Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah, well, I showed it to Lee, and she gave me some good pointers. And, um, listen, I'm pretty near where you live.  I wonder if I could just drop it off...and, you know, when you have time, some time, read it, an-and we'll talk when I come over at Thanksgiving. Okay?  All right.  Okay.  Oh, wait, wait. (turning her body, still on the phone)
38) 28) text: Listen.  Listen.  I think Lee met an interesting guy at Columbia... Yeah.  Yeah, well, he sounds really nice... (puffing on her cigarette)
39) 15) text: But only slight. Evan continues to laugh with everyone as he starts to pla the piano.  A nearby woman toasts him with her drink.  Th camera moves around the room as he plays, showing the various guests, chattering over the music.  Some are in clusters, in private conversations; others listen and wat the offscreen Evan.  A couple stands by the window; one m gets up from his chair and walks away.  Some guests sip their drinks, smiling, as the camera moves back to the pi and the book-laden wall.  Evan is playing the piano with exuberance.  Norma, still standing behind him, has a poignant, wistful expression on her face.  She mouths the words to the song Evan is playing, "It Could Happen to Yo The woman next to her smiles, enjoying the music, as the camera continues its exploration, moving to a man standin in the doorway with a group of children.  Mavis the maid walks by with a tray of hors d'oeuvres.  The man takes on mouthing his thanks, as the camera travels past the open bookshelf, past two boys in suits who are drinking soda a munching, to reveal Lee.  She is leaning against another doorway, a faraway look on her face as she listens to the music.  Mavis passes in the hall beyond the doorway.  Sev people, deep in conversation, stand nearby as Elliot, holding a drink, walks up behind her.
39) 18) dialog: (glancing back at Elliot, then turning away)
39) 21) dialog: (turning)
39) 23) text: There are too many people around. Lee slips past Elliot and walks away.  Elliot looks back her briefly, then, sipping his drink, he turns and looks offscreen at the crowd in the living room.
40) 2) text: Hey, Hannah?  You know, I think Lee is really serious about her new boyfriend.  Yeah, eh, from what I understand he sounds really nice. Hannah walks into view, headed for the refrigerator.  She carries two tomatoes.
40) 22) text: Well, Lee mentioned that to me, so obviously you discussed it with her. You... (pacing around the table)
40) 39) text: Yeah, we're having some problems, but problems that are my business...which I don't see how you could know about in such detail. How does Lee know about these things?  How?  They're private! Hannah picks up a large bowl and carries it, as well as h armload of spices, into the pantry area.
40) 49) text: No, he hasn't.  If I offended you, I'm sorry. Hannah, reacting, puts the spices down on the pantry coun Holly turns away. The film cuts to the dining room doorway.  Guests can be seen mingling and talking and helping themselves at a buf table in the living room.  Lee and Elliot can be heard offscreen as the camera slowly moves from the doorway acr the empty dining room to reveal them in the midst of an intense conversation.  The piano, as well as soft chatter is heard in the background.
40) 50) dialog: (offscreen)
40) 55) dialog: (touching her chest)
40) 59) dialog: I've got to be honest with you.  I met someone else.  I've met someone else. (turning and walking away from Elliot)
40) 60) text: I...I told you I wasn't going to wait forever. Lee goes over to an open door and closes it quickly.
40) 62) text: But it hasn't been forever. (walking over to Lee at the just-closed door)
40) 63) dialog: (gesturing)
40) 67) dialog: (overlapping, gesturing)
40) 68) text: Yeah.  Uh, well, sure we did.  An- an-and in a way you led me on, because I truly believed you were unhappy with Hannah.  Otherwise, I would never have let myself be drawn in.  I was very weak.  So were you.  Now I've met someone else. The door opens and Mavis appears, holding a set of candlesticks.  She walks over to the dining room table, which is already decked out with a floral centerpiece, glassware, and china.  She puts them down as Lee and Elli stand awkwardly near the door, waiting for her to leave.
40) 69) dialog: (to Mavis)
40) 72) dialog: (nodding)
40) 73) text: Uh-huh.  Good. Mavis leaves.  Both Lee and Elliot quickly close the door behind her and immediately pick up where they'd left off.
40) 75) dialog: I care a great deal about him, yes.
40) 77) text: Lee...
40) 78) dialog: (pulling back, flinging her hands)
40) 98) text: Have you been talking to Holly or Lee about us?  About our-our personal life?
40) 113) text: You never want to talk about it. I-- Every time I bring it up, you- you change the subject.  What is it? Do you-- We're communicating less and less.  You sleep with me less and less.
40) 117) text: Do you talk to Holly or Lee behind my back?  Do you?  You must.  They- they seem to know so much about us.
40) 121) text: Well, what do you do?  Do-do-do you talk to Holly, or Lee, or what?  Do you, do you, do you phone them?
40) 133) text: Well, I can't see them, and neither can Lee or Holly! He leaves.  Hannah watches him go, reacting.  She is stun
41) 0) text: The dark hallway is illuminated by light coming from the offscreen foyer; pictures line the wall.  Piano music is still heard very softly in the background as Hannah, hugg herself, walks slowly down the hallway into the living ro She briefly looks around, lost in thought.  She sits down heavily, tiredly, on the arm of the couch as the movie cu to several framed photographs on the mantel.  One shows Hannah and Elliot on their wedding day.  Another shows Elliot, obscured in the shadows.  Yet another has capture Norma as a young girl.  The camera, however, moves closer and closer to a photograph showing Hannah, Lee, and Holly the three sisters, smiling into the camera.  There is no sound.
44) 7) text: Hey, where's Holly?  She's late. As Mavis leaves the kitchen, Lee enters, carrying some em glasses.
44) 8) dialog: (walking briskly to the sink)
44) 12) dialog: (turning to the offscreen Hannah)
44) 13) text: Yeah.  I'll get some ice. Lee walks off, drying her wet hands in the air.  Hannah, a silk dress, moves onscreen, going to the table and pour herself a glass of wine as Norma enters the kitchen.
44) 22) text: Oh, honey! The movie leaves the kitchen and cuts to the doorway betw the dining room and the living room.  Upbeat jazz plays o the low din of the party.  Two women stand by the partial set dining room table, chatting and arranging some plates as Elliot strolls into view, sipping a drink.  He passes women and walks through the doorway into the living room, nodding hello to a guest who is walking the other way. He enters the living room, smiling.  It is crowded with guests; Hannah's children play in their midst.  One of Hannah's boys grabs Elliot's arm.  They playfully "spar" a moment before Elliot laughingly shakes him off, continu on his way into a connecting room.  He stops at the doorw looking at the crowd.  The camera shows his point of view Guests stand in clusters, enjoying themselves; one woman chats with a little boy; another woman, carrying a drink, walks over to a group of other guests. The film then cuts back briefly to Elliot, holding his dr and looking straight ahead, as it shows his point of view once more.  This time he sees a smiling Lee and Doug, talking animatedly; a few guests are seen in the backgrou Elliot's voice is heard over a close-up of the couple.
44) 25) text: seems more and more hazy. As Lee takes a sip of her drink, the movie cuts back to Elliot, standing in the doorway and still staring straigh ahead.  The camera moves in closer to his face as he talk over the scene.