4) 23) text: ...from Mavis, also. Elliot wraps his arm around Hannah; he pulls her towards affectionately and kisses her on the cheek.  She hugs him back.
4) 27) text: Holly and April, thanks for helping. Mavis the maid exits, carrying some trays, as the group starts to cheer and applaud.  Holly waves her napkin at April, then holds up her wine glass.
4) 38) text: I played Nora.  I hate to tell you what year... The guests, sipping their wine, quiet down as Norma conti to speak.  Lee and Holly unsuccessfully try to contain th laughter.  Mavis reenters the dining room to serve more f to the children.
39) 15) text: But only slight. Evan continues to laugh with everyone as he starts to pla the piano.  A nearby woman toasts him with her drink.  Th camera moves around the room as he plays, showing the various guests, chattering over the music.  Some are in clusters, in private conversations; others listen and wat the offscreen Evan.  A couple stands by the window; one m gets up from his chair and walks away.  Some guests sip their drinks, smiling, as the camera moves back to the pi and the book-laden wall.  Evan is playing the piano with exuberance.  Norma, still standing behind him, has a poignant, wistful expression on her face.  She mouths the words to the song Evan is playing, "It Could Happen to Yo The woman next to her smiles, enjoying the music, as the camera continues its exploration, moving to a man standin in the doorway with a group of children.  Mavis the maid walks by with a tray of hors d'oeuvres.  The man takes on mouthing his thanks, as the camera travels past the open bookshelf, past two boys in suits who are drinking soda a munching, to reveal Lee.  She is leaning against another doorway, a faraway look on her face as she listens to the music.  Mavis passes in the hall beyond the doorway.  Sev people, deep in conversation, stand nearby as Elliot, holding a drink, walks up behind her.
40) 68) text: Yeah.  Uh, well, sure we did.  An- an-and in a way you led me on, because I truly believed you were unhappy with Hannah.  Otherwise, I would never have let myself be drawn in.  I was very weak.  So were you.  Now I've met someone else. The door opens and Mavis appears, holding a set of candlesticks.  She walks over to the dining room table, which is already decked out with a floral centerpiece, glassware, and china.  She puts them down as Lee and Elli stand awkwardly near the door, waiting for her to leave.
40) 71) dialog: About fifteen minutes.
40) 73) text: Uh-huh.  Good. Mavis leaves.  Both Lee and Elliot quickly close the door behind her and immediately pick up where they'd left off.
44) 5) text: It's on the table, Dad. The sounds of Thanksgiving guests in the other room are dimly heard; "You Made Me Love You" continues softly in t background.  Mavis passes the table, licking some food of her hand.  Hannah, in the background, is busy by the stov
44) 7) text: Hey, where's Holly?  She's late. As Mavis leaves the kitchen, Lee enters, carrying some em glasses.
44) 47) text: Hello. The movie cuts to Hannah, leaning contentedly against a doorway into the living room and listening to the offscre Evan play the piano.  Elliot, holding his drink, walks ov to her.  They look at each other for a beat; Elliot then hugs Hannah, pulling her towards him.  She leans her head his shoulder, fingering his jacket lapel.  They look offscreen together, happily, intimately, at the offscreen guests, as the camera moves across the room, past a few guests, to reveal Evan sitting at the piano.  Norma sits his side, one arm resting on the piano.  She holds a drin and looks off in the distance, mouthing the words to "Isn It Romantic." The camera then moves to the doorway in the living room, where a man, holding a drink, enters and joins the happy crowd.  Evan can be seen in the background, playing his s A child plays near the coffee table. The camera continues to move past the doorway, past a hug grandfather clock, to a second doorway leading to the den Here, more guests are gathered; a child sits in a small chair by the sofa.  He sips a soda as female guest #2 ent the room and crouches down next to him, smiling.  She wav to him.  He waves back as the camera continues to move pa the doorway to reveal Holly, standing in front of a hallw mirror, fixing her earrings.  Mavis can be seen in the background, through the doorway into the dining room, lighting the candles on the table.  She dims the lights, darkening the room and the hallway where Holly stands in warm candlelit glow.  Mavis leaves the dining room and passes Holly.
44) 49) text: It's beautiful. Mavis walks off.  Holly, reflected in the mirror, begins fluffing her hair as Mickey enters and wraps his arms aro her from behind.  The camera stays focused on the mirror; both Holly and Mickey are now seen in its reflection.