3) 125) text: God, Mickey's such a hypochondriac. I wonder how he'd handle it if there was ever anything really wrong with him?
7) 0) text: Metal elevator doors open and Mickey Sachs, a high-powere television producer, walks out, deep in conversation with his assistants, Paul and Larry.  As the elevator operator begins to reclose the door with his passengers, Mickey, h assistants fast behind, walks down an office corridor pas busy groups of studio personnel.  Indistinct conversation as well as the jazz, is heard in the background as the tr talk.
7) 1) dialog: (gesturing)
7) 4) dialog: But we showed it to them in rehearsal! Without missing a beat, he takes Mary's wrist and continu walking.
7) 5) dialog: (to Paul)
7) 6) text: You know, what'd they do, figure out what the words mean? A foursome now, they briskly walk past a man and a woman going over a script.  Mary and Mickey lead; Paul and Larr follow.
7) 9) dialog: How could it be short?  We timed everything (offscreen)
7) 15) dialog: (gesturing)
7) 19) dialog: (nervously rubbing his forehead)
7) 22) text: Hey, Mickey! Gail runs in front of the group.  Without missing a step, she faces Mickey and walks backwards, gesturing and talki frantically.
7) 24) dialog: (gesturing towards heaven)
7) 25) text: Why me, Lord?  What did I-- He is interrupted by Ed Smythe, an official from the Standards and Practices Department, who's been standing i the corridor waiting for Mickey.  Mickey stops and shakes Ed's hand as if he'd known the official would be there. Gail stops by his side while the others walk into a background studio doorway that is busy with scurrying personnel.
7) 26) dialog: You-- (pointing)
7) 29) dialog: Okay.  Why, all of a sudden, is the sketch dirty? (putting his hands on his hips)
7) 32) dialog: (overlapping, looking at Gail)
7) 36) dialog: (overlapping and grunting)
7) 40) dialog: (gesturing)
7) 46) dialog: (overlapping)
7) 50) dialog: Oh, Je--
7) 52) text: Hey! Mickey, Gail, and Ed turn towards the writer.
7) 54) text: Who changed my sketch about the PLO? Mickey and Gail walk over to the angry writer, Ed forgott with this new crisis.
7) 55) dialog: (gesturing)
7) 58) dialog: (gesturing, trying to calm the writer down)
7) 59) text: Oh, you're crazy!  It's not so delicate.  Everybody's married to every line. The writer reacts angrily.  Gail tries to get Mickey's attention as they walk.
7) 61) text: Mickey, I can--
7) 64) dialog: (shrugging)
7) 67) text: You want 'em cut?!  I'll cut 'em myself! Mickey, still in surprised shock, turns away from the ang writer.  He stands by an open dressing room, where Ron, a actor, slouches, dazed, in a chair facing a makeup mirror People mill in the background behind the actor.
7) 68) dialog: (shrugging, distracted)
7) 71) text: Mickey, Mickey, listen, listen.
7) 72) dialog: (distractedly, his mind still on the writer)
7) 76) dialog: (still distracted, looking off)
7) 79) text: I don't feel good, Mickey. Mickey, remembering Ron, runs into the dressing room.  Ga follows him.  Inside, a man and a woman talk, ignoring Ro They share a drink in a paper cup.  The woman looks back Ron; she gestures with disgust.
7) 80) dialog: (gesturing)
7) 82) dialog: (to Gail)
7) 87) text: I lost my voice. Gail walks around the chair.  The camera shows she and Mickey talking to Ron through the reflection in the clutt makeup mirror.
7) 88) dialog: (reacting)
7) 92) dialog: (looking around, touching his stomach)
7) 95) text: You want a Quaalude? Mickey, as reflected in the mirror, starts to pace as the movie cuts to:
8) 0) text: Norman, a Los Angeles TV producer and Mickey's former partner, is driving down a peaceful street lined with pal trees.  He's wearing sunglasses and headphones.  He click his fingers in time to the music only he hears on his Walkman.  He's smiling contentedly while Mickey talks ove the sun-filled scene.  The continuous background jazz pla louder.
8) 1) dialog: Christ, this show is ruining my health!  Meanwhile, my ex-partner moves to California and every stupid show he produces turns out to be a big hit.  Brother, what am I gonna do with my life?  Speaking of that, I-I...gotta remember to see my ex-wife tomorrow.  Tch.
9) 0) text: As Mickey finishes his ruminations, Hannah is seen walkin towards her front door.  She opens it, her back to the camera.  Mickey stands there holding two boxed gifts.  Th jazz stops.
9) 2) dialog: (overlapping, sniffing)
9) 5) dialog: (gesturing)
9) 8) text: Very good. Hannah nods as Mickey comes inside.  She closes the door behind him.
9) 9) dialog: (overlapping)
9) 10) text: I got two minutes. 'Cause, God, the show is killing me.  I got a million appointments today.  It just so happens it fell this way. Hannah continues to nod patiently, patting Mickey on the back, as they make their way across the foyer into the de where the twins are playing.  Mickey wears his coat.
9) 11) dialog: I gotta see new comedians later, I've gotta--
9) 13) text: Two minutes on your sons' birthday. You know, it's not going to kill you. Her voice trails off as Mickey walks over to the twins.
9) 14) dialog: Happy Birthday, fellas!  Happy Birthday! Hannah's twins greet Mickey with cries of "Hi, Daddy!" an indistinct chatter.
9) 16) text: Guys, look what Daddy brought. Presents! Mickey hands a gift to each twin.  They grow quiet, sudde shy.
9) 17) dialog: (to his sons)
9) 21) dialog: (continuing, holding out his arms)
9) 23) dialog: (turning to Hannah)
9) 27) dialog: (nodding, overlapping)
9) 32) dialog: Let me get a little reaction here. (to Hannah, putting his hands in his pockets)
9) 35) dialog: Yeah?
9) 38) dialog: Oh!
9) 40) dialog: (nodding)
9) 43) dialog: I like him.  I think he's a sweet guy.
9) 46) dialog: The few times that I've met him... (pointing to the baseball mitt twin #1, has taken out of his box)
9) 49) dialog: (overlapping to Hannah)
9) 53) dialog: (overlapping, gesturing)
9) 57) dialog: (overlapping)
9) 61) dialog: (still rambling on, gesturing to Hannah)
9) 65) dialog: You've always had good taste in husbands, so...
9) 68) dialog: Mh-hm.
9) 71) dialog: Isn't that great?
9) 73) dialog: (pointing, to Twin #2)
9) 76) dialog: (to the offscreen twin)
9) 80) dialog: (still pointing, gearing up for the pass)
9) 81) text: Go out, go out by the Sung vase and, and catch this. Mickey throws the football.
9) 82) dialog: See? (whistling)
9) 84) text: Hey, d-- Watch, watch the picture. There's a sound of breaking glass.  Hannah and Mickey rea
10) 0) text: Mickey is walking up a West Side street, his hands in his coat pockets.  Jazz plays in the background as he talks o the screen.
10) 1) dialog: Gee, Hannah's sweet.  Although, sometimes I still do get angry when I think of things.  Oh, what the hell.  At least, I'm not paying child support. (sighing)
10) 2) text: Oh, God, I hope there's nothing physically wrong with me, either. Mickey pushes open the outside door of Dr. Abel's office, the movie cuts to the doctor's consultation room.  The doctor is framed in the doorway, looking through a file cabinet.
10) 5) dialog: (offscreen)
10) 6) text: This time I really think I have something. While Mickey answers him offscreen, Dr. Abel turns and wa toward him.  The camera follows the doctor's movements fr the other side of the wall, obscuring him briefly. It moves across a dark examining-room wall to a second doorway, where Mickey sits on a stool, continuing to talk the offscreen Dr. Abel.
10) 7) dialog: (onscreen)
10) 8) text: I mean, I'm absolutely convinced that-that-- You know, I mean, it's not like that adenoidal thing, you know, where I didn't realize I had them out. Dr. Abel walks back onscreen.  Both he and Mickey are now seen through the second doorway.  Dr. Abel sniffs and sta directly in front of the sitting Mickey.  He stares down him as Mickey talks.
10) 9) dialog: (continuing, gesturing)
10) 13) dialog: (folding his arms on his chest)
10) 17) dialog: Well, this guy's the real hypochondriac of the family.  I mean, he's, you know, he's--
10) 20) dialog: (rubbing his hands on his knees)
10) 23) dialog: (nodding and gesturing)
10) 27) dialog: (offscreen)
10) 28) text: Really?! Dr. Abel moves offscreen in the second examining room.  T camera stays focused on the doorway to this room as the doctor and Mickey talk offscreen.
10) 31) dialog: (offscreen)
10) 33) dialog: (offscreen)
10) 37) dialog: (offscreen)
10) 38) text: Oh, uh, about a month ago.  Wha- what do I have? Looking preoccupied, Dr. Abel walks back into the consultation room, holding Mickey's open file.  He stride over to his desk, revealing a frightened Mickey, sitting a chair opposite it.  Still standing, the doctor leans ov the desk, his back to the camera, and makes a few notes i the file.
10) 41) dialog: (gesturing)
10) 45) dialog: (picking at his fingers)
10) 46) text: Yes, is it, is it, uh, healthier to have problems in both ears? Dr. Abel chuckles as he closes Mickey's file and straight up.  The camera looks past his back and shoulders to the anxious Mickey.
10) 49) dialog: The hospital?  What kind of tests? Dr. Abel lays his pen across Mickey's closed file.  He wa around his desk and sits on its edge close to Mickey.
10) 53) dialog: (gesturing)
10) 57) dialog: Like what?
11) 0) text: Mickey stands in a telephone booth on a corner near Dr. Abel's office; he talks on the phone.  It is raining.  A and a woman holding an umbrella pass by; traffic moves across a nearby intersection.
11) 1) dialog: (into the telephone)
11) 2) text: Huh, uh, hello, Dr. Wilkes?  Dr. Wilkes, this is Mickey Sachs.  You have a minute?  I want to ask you a question. The film cuts to Dr. Wilkes, on the telephone at his end. He is in his office; he leans back in his chair, dangling his stethoscope as he speaks.  Behind him, a chest X-ray mounted on a light panel.
11) 4) text: Sure, Mickey.  What's up? The movie cuts back and forth between Mickey in his phone booth asking questions and Dr. Wilkes in his office answe them.
11) 5) dialog: (into the telephone, gesturing)
11) 9) dialog: (into the telephone)
11) 13) dialog: (into the telephone, reacting with a blank stare)
12) 12) dialog: I feel dizzy.  Sshh, you know, I don't feel well. He starts to pant, looking worriedly around the room.  He continues to wring his hands as Gail stares at him, conce
12) 13) dialog: Do you hear a ringing?  Is there, is there a, is there a ringing sound? (sighing)
12) 16) dialog: (shaking his head)
12) 20) dialog: (covering first one ear, then the other, continuing)
12) 24) dialog: (turning to Gail, gesturing nervously)
12) 27) dialog: (sighing)
12) 32) dialog: (flinging up his arms, sighing)
12) 36) text: Mickey, come on, we got a show to do!
12) 37) dialog: (pacing)
12) 41) dialog: (sighing and gesturing)
12) 46) dialog: Like what?!  What?
12) 49) dialog: (interrupting)
12) 54) dialog: (gesturing)
12) 55) text: You--I got the classic symptoms of a brain tumor! Mickey sighs.
12) 57) dialog: (gesturing)
12) 60) dialog: (sighing)
12) 64) dialog: I can't.  I can't think of it. This morning, I was so happy, you know.  Now I, I don't know what went wrong. (sighing)
12) 66) dialog: (pacing back to the desk, still wringing his hands)
17) 3) text: You see this little gray area here? Mickey stares at the X-ray, horrified.
17) 5) dialog: (reacting)
18) 0) text: Mickey is seen leaving the hospital.  He strides slowly, shoulders slouched, his hands in his pockets. His voice is heard over the screen as he crosses the stre continuing his self-absorbed walk on the opposite side. Occasional traffic goes by.
18) 1) dialog: Okay...take it easy.  He didn't say you had anything.  He just doesn't like the spot on your X-ray, that's all.  It doesn't mean you have anything.  Don't jump to conclusions. (sighing)
18) 2) text: Nothing's gonna happen to you. You're in the middle of New York City.  This is your town.  You're surrounded by people and traffic and restaurants. Mickey brushes against a heavyset man who gives him a nas look.  Mickey is so dazed, he doesn't even notice.
18) 3) dialog: I mean, God, how can you, how can you just one day...vanish?  Keep calm.  You're gonna be okay.  Don't panic.
19) 0) text: The dark bedroom is abruptly lit as Mickey, lying in his bed, wakes up with a start and turns on his night-table l
19) 1) dialog: I'm dying!  I'm dying!  I know it! There's a spot on my lungs! (sitting up, putting on his glasses)
19) 4) text: N-now I keep thinking I can feel it every time I blink!  Oh, Jesus! He-he-he wants me to do a brain scan to confirm what he already suspects. Mickey, still ruminating, stands up.  Fixing his pants, h walks out of his bedroom loft into a dark upper hallway.
19) 5) dialog: (running his hand along a banister)
19) 7) dialog: Oh, relax, will ya?  Your whole life you run to doctors.  The news is always fine. (pausing at the bottom of the stairs)
19) 8) text: That's not true.  What about years ago? The film cuts to a flashback of Mickey's past.  Dr. Smith sitting behind his desk, faces the camera.  Rows of periodicals line the wall behind him.
19) 10) text: I'm sorry to say, Mr. Sachs, that you cannot have children. The camera moves to Dr. Smith's point of view: Hannah and Mickey, sitting on the opposite side of the desk.  They l stunned.
19) 11) dialog: (reacting, putting his hands across his chest)
19) 17) text: But Mr. Sachs's tests indicate that he is infertile.  Small sperm volume and infertile. The camera moves back to the stunned Mickey and Hannah, following Dr. Smith with their eyes.
19) 18) dialog: (gesturing, looking up at an offscreen Dr. Smith)
19) 22) dialog: Well, I gotta get a second opinion.
19) 25) dialog: (shrugging)
20) 0) text: Mickey and Hannah walk on the sidewalk, oblivious of the passing pedestrians.  Hannah, crying, blows her nose.
20) 1) dialog: (gesturing)
20) 5) dialog: (gesturing)
20) 9) dialog: Hey, you gonna start knocking my hobbies?  Jesus! Hannah sobs, clutching her tissue to her face.
20) 10) dialog: Maybe, maybe we can adopt a child. He said you could adopt one--
20) 13) dialog: (gesturing)
20) 17) dialog: (reacting)
20) 20) dialog: (gesturing)
20) 23) dialog: With a, with a stranger?  With a--
20) 29) text: No, the funniest show that Mickey and I ever did was the one we won the Emmy for. Mickey walks from the kitchen into the living room, holdi a half-eaten chocolate cake on a serving plate.  The sun pours through the windows he passes.  Hannah is briefly s in the background, preparing more coffee in the kitchen.
20) 30) dialog: Yeah...I-I think as, I think as far as laughs, I mean just plain laughs, you know, that was probably the best thing that we ever did. Mickey puts the cake down on the coffee table, which is already crowded with assorted plants, plates, and a bambo tray holding utensils and napkins.
20) 34) text: Yeah, it was funny, it was very funny.  But the show was about the two Frenchmen, now that was funny and it was warm. Mickey sighs and flops down on an adjoining couch.  He ru his forehead.
20) 43) dialog: (sighing, almost mumbling)
20) 46) text: Mm-hm. Hannah walks over to the group, holding a pot of coffee. She awkwardly steps past Mickey to pour coffee for Norman and Carol.
20) 54) dialog: (overlapping, coughing)
20) 55) text: Yeah... Hannah refills Carol's cup.  She puts the pot down on the coffee table and sits down next to Mickey.
20) 56) dialog: (standing up and gesturing)
20) 58) dialog: (turning to the group as he paces behind the couch)
20) 62) text: I'm all ears. Hannah sighs.  Mickey pauses for a moment, collecting his thoughts.
20) 63) dialog: (gesturing and pacing)
20) 67) text: W-w-we-we've decided after a lot of discussion that we-we'd try with artificial insemination. Mickey stops his pacing and looks at the group.
20) 68) dialog: (putting his hands on his hips)
20) 73) dialog: (pacing)
20) 76) dialog: Yeah, but the-the point that, uh, that we're making here is that we need some sperm. Mickey, rubbing his hands on his knees, leans back agains the wall.  Norman and Carol turn to each other, reacting.
20) 81) dialog: (pointing at himself)
20) 100) text: Okay, Norman, listen, I really want to talk about this at home. (nodding as Hannah looks briefly offscreen at Mickey)
20) 107) text: Now let's move on to another topic. Hannah reaches for the cake as Carol and Norman exchange glances, reacting. The flashback ends.  Mickey is back in the present in his darkened living room, illuminated by a glow from a window behind the couch.  A coffee table sits in front of the co Papers are scattered on the floor.  Mickey gets up from t couch where he'd been sitting.  He paces back and forth a he talks over the screen.
20) 108) dialog: So you had my ex-partner's baby. Twins.  Maybe that did cause some trouble, but (sighing)
24) 0) text: The quiet continues as the film cuts to a close-up of a large, circular CAT-scan module in an antiseptic hospital room.  A slowly moving stretcher, bearing Mickey's strapp prone body, begins to enter the round opening of the modu As the camera pulls back from Mickey, his taped head unde the scan, two technicians can be seen through the window separating the scanner from the control room.  One of the sitting down, taps information into a computer while the other technician stands nearby, looking from Mickey to th computer screen. The movie then cuts briefly to the computer screen, showi an image of Mickey's skull.  Scan lines bleep over the sk The camera moves up from the screen to reveal Mickey once again, as seen through the window, silent and serious und the CAT-scan module. From Mickey's prone form, the film moves to the two technicians, as seen through the window in the scanner ro They examine the computer screen and talk indistinctly to each other.  One of the men, nodding, taps more informati into the computer. While they're studying the CAT-scan picture, the camera c to a back view of Mickey under the module.  There is a science-fiction feel to this scene, as if Mickey is lying the center of a huge, white, futuristic circle.  The stretcher, bearing Mickey, slowly moves out of the module
25) 0) text: Dr. Brooks, holding Mickey's X-rays, walks past a row of bookshelves to his light panel.  He props up the X-rays.
25) 2) text: I'm afraid the news is not good. Dr. Brooks turns to an offscreen Mickey.
25) 4) text: If I can show you exactly where the tumor is, and why we feel that surgery would be of no use. The film quickly cuts to a close-up of Mickey's face, reacting in total despair.  He closes his eyes; he covers his face with his hand.
25) 5) dialog: It's over.  I'm face-to-face with eternity.
25) 7) text: ...grown quite large without being detected... (trailing off indistinctly as Mickey continues his anguished ramblings)
25) 8) dialog: Not later, but now.  I'm so frightened I can't move, speak, or breathe. As Mickey finishes his speech, the "real" Dr. Brooks is s walking into the office.  The previous scene had been a figment of Mickey's imagination, a nightmare fantasy only Holding Mickey's X-rays, the "real" Dr. Brooks walks past the same row of books to the light panel.
25) 10) text: I must admit, I was concerned, given your symptoms. (turning to look at the offscreen Mickey)
26) 0) text: Once again, Mickey is seen leaving the building, but this time he bounds down the steps, jumping for joy.  He runs swirling down the street, clapping his hands, happy with relief.  Upbeat, uptempo jazz plays in the background. Several cars pass as Mickey joyfully runs.  Suddenly he stops, his hand to his mouth, reflecting.
27) 2) dialog: Do you realize what a thread we're all hanging by?
27) 4) text: Mickey, you're off the hook.  You should be celebrating.
27) 5) dialog: (walking around to the front of his desk, gesturing)
27) 9) dialog: No, I'm not dying now, but, but (gesturing)
27) 11) text: But eventually, I'm going to be in that position. Gail gets up from her chair.  She walks past Mickey to a nearby cabinet.  She opens a drawer, rummaging around for something.  The camera follows her, leaving Mickey briefl
27) 13) dialog: (offscreen)
27) 14) text: Well, I don't realize it now, I know it all the time, but, but I managed to stick it in the back of my mind... As Mickey continues to talk offscreen, Gail closes the cabinet drawer and walks to a file cabinet behind Mickey' desk.
27) 15) dialog: ...because it-it's a very horrible thing to... think about! Gail opens the file cabinet and takes out a pack of gum. She slams it closed, distracted.
27) 18) dialog: (turning to Gail)
27) 22) dialog: (pointing)
27) 26) dialog: (overlapping, nodding and gesturing)
27) 30) dialog: Yes, but doesn't that ruin everything for you?  That makes everything... Gail sighs.  She pops a piece of gum into her mouth as Mickey continues to speak.
27) 31) dialog: (continuing)
27) 36) dialog: (nodding emphatically)
27) 39) text: Listen, kid, I think you snapped your cap. Mickey sighs.
27) 42) dialog: (shaking his head, his hand to his chest)
29) 34) dialog: Millions of books written on every conceivable subject by all these great minds, and, and in the end, none of 'em knows anything more about the big questions of life than I do.  Ss--I read Socrates. You know, n-n-n--, this guy used to kn-knock off little Greek boys. What the hell's he got to teach me? And, and Nietzsche with his, with his Theory of Eternal Recurrence. He said that the life we live, we're gonna live over and over again the exact same way for eternity.  Great.  That means I, uh, I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again.  Tch.  It's not worth it. The movie next cuts to a sunny day in Central Park.  A ma jogger, seen through some tree branches, runs by.  The camera moves past him, revealing a pondering Mickey walki by the reservoir.  He continues to talk over the screen.
29) 35) dialog: And, and Freud, another great pessimist.  Jeez, I was in analysis for years.  Nothing happened.  My poor analyst got so frustrated. The guy finally put in a salad bar. Several joggers pass Mickey; he continues to ruminate.
29) 36) dialog: Oh!  Look at all these people jogging...trying to stave off the inevitable decay of the body.  Boy (smacking his lips)
29) 38) text: ...Oh!  Look at this one!  Poor thing.  My God, she has to tote all that fat around.  Maybe the poets are right.  Maybe love is the only answer. Mickey goes over to the chain-link fence encircling the reservoir.  He stops walking and looks out over the water
29) 39) dialog: Shh--Of course, I was in love with Hannah.  That didn't work out too well. (sighing)
29) 40) text: I even took her sister out. Remember that? Mickey continues to look through the fence at the water a the distant skyline.  A jogger crosses in front of him. It's very quiet; the soft jazz continues.
29) 41) dialog: Remember years ago when Hannah and I got divorced and she fixed me up with her sister Holly? The film cuts abruptly to Mickey's flashback of his date with Holly, beginning with a rock club performance.  The soft jazz becomes loud, pulsating rock.  Three punkers--a girl with pink hair, a girl with a spiked mohawk, and a g with Stevie Wonder braids and sunglasses--watch and bop their heads to the sounds of the offscreen rock band, The Steps. The camera moves to the stage, revealing a sleazy-looking rock band in the midst of their number.
29) 43) text: "I want to be like you I said I'm going to fit into your group..." As the band loudly plays on, the camera moves across the spellbound audience, sitting at crowded, smoky, small tables, to reveal a stricken Mickey and a mesmerized Holl squeezed together at one of them.  A nearby member of the audience swills beer from a bottle.  Holly, beating time the music and enjoying herself, takes a puff of her cigar She wears a wristful of silver bracelets.  She glances at Mickey impatiently.  He's the only one in the place weari a suit.
29) 47) text: "I'm gonna dance at clubs Gonna do just what I'm told Because I'm bleedin' now And I'm bleedin' now I wanna slip, slip, slip, slip, slip Into the crowd I wanna slip, slip, slip, slip, slip Into the crowd..." The camera moves back to Holly and the even more stricken looking Mickey.  They are crowded in with people.  In the background, a waitress holds up a tray.  A man drinks fro glass mug; people chatter indistinctly over the loud band The club is noisy, smoky, and thick with people.  Holly glances at Mickey once again, this time unable to contain her annoyance.
29) 49) dialog: (leaning over to Holly, gesturing)
29) 53) dialog: (pointing to his ears)
29) 57) dialog: (gesturing, trying to talk over the band)
29) 59) dialog: (panicking)
29) 65) dialog: (shaking his head)
29) 68) text: Come on, Mickey.  Come on.
29) 69) dialog: (overlapping, gesturing)
29) 71) text: don't, please. While Mickey pleads with her, Holly puts her cocaine vial into her purse.  She holds a finger against one nostril a sniffs.  She then picks up her lit cigarette and continue to smoke.
29) 72) dialog: Can we, can we go?
29) 75) dialog: (touching his ear in pain)
29) 78) text: "...Gonna buy the records That they play on the radio..." ...as the film cuts abruptly to outside the rock club.  T music has stopped.  Mickey and Holly, almost in dark silhouette, are walking at a fast clip along the sidewalk arguing.  They pass some lighted clothing store windows; few cars go by in the dark street.
29) 81) dialog: Not when they're sung by extraterrestrials.
29) 84) dialog: I can't understand you.  Your sisters, both sisters have such good taste in music.  I don't know where you went, went wrong.
29) 87) dialog: Can I take you someplace to hear something nice?
29) 89) text: Eh, Mickey, it's getting late.
29) 90) dialog: Now come on, you're be--, 'cause you're being angry at me. They stop briefly at a street corner and look for oncomin cars before crossing.  Mickey takes Holly's arm as they w across the street towards the camera.
30) 2) text: "Why am I Just as reckless as a child? Why am I Like a racehorse running wild? Why am I In a state of ecstasy? The reason is 'cause something's Happened to me I'm in love again And the spring is comin'..." ...as the camera leaves the musicians and moves to the conversatively dressed audience.  A far cry from the rock club atmosphere, the Carlyle is quiet except for Bobby Short's singing.  The audience at their tables watch him, some with smiles of pleasure.  A man has his arm around a woman.  Jewels sparkle in another woman's hair.  The men wear suits. Mickey and Holly sit at one of the tables; a candle burns its holder on the tabletop.  Holly takes a cigarette from her purse as she holds her hand to her nose, sniffing. Mickey keeps shooting glances at Holly; she can't sit sti Bobby Short continues to sing...
30) 4) text: "I'm in love again Hear my heart strings strummin' I'm in love again And the hymn they're hummin' Is those cuddle-up huddle-up blues I'm in love again And I can't rise above it..." ...as Holly lights her cigarette, dropping her matchbook the floor.  She bends down to pick it up, then starts to fidget in her chair.  She gulps her wine; she sniffs. Mickey tries to watch the offscreen Bobby Short; he cross his arms across his chest. The film cuts back briefly to Bobby Short playing the pia
31) 0) text: A taxi pulls away from the curb as Mickey and Holly walk of the hotel through its revolving doors.  Holly stays un the awning; Mickey walks to the curb and looks angrily ba at her.  People pass by as Mickey walks back and forth fr the curb to Holly, growing angrier and angrier.
31) 2) dialog: (gesturing)
31) 5) dialog: (gesturing)
31) 8) dialog: And you don't have to snort cocaine at the table all the time!  What do you, what do you do?  Carry a kilo around in your purse?
31) 11) dialog: Jesus... (waving his arm and whistling for a taxi)
31) 12) text: I'm glad Hannah got us together. You know, she's got a great instinct for people.  Really. A taxi pulls up to the curb.  Mickey and Holly walk up to its rear door.
31) 14) dialog: (overlapping)
31) 18) dialog: (overlapping)
31) 22) dialog: (continuing)
31) 25) text: Oh, I'll see myself home! Holly slams the door.  Mickey starts to walk along the sidewalk as the taxi drives off; he passes the hotel and several evening-lit store windows. "I'm In Love Again" begins to play in the background as Mickey's voice is hea
31) 26) dialog: Yeah, it was quite an evening. Holly with her cocaine... (chuckling)
35) 33) text: The film cuts to Father Flynn's rectory office.  The Cath priest looks out a simple stained-glass window, then turn to an offscreen Mickey.
35) 35) text: Now why do you think that you would like to convert to Catholicism? The camera moves back to reveal Mickey, his back to the camera, sitting in front of Father Flynn's desk.  A lamp lit in the background; the Father's desk is neat.  The ro is comfortably decorated in wood and leather.
35) 36) dialog: Well, uh, because, y-you know, I gotta have something to believe in, otherwise life is just meaningless.
35) 38) text: I understand.  But why did you make the decision to choose the Catholic faith? The movie cuts to Mickey's face.  He's very neat in a tie sweater, and sports jacket.
35) 39) dialog: (gesturing)
35) 43) dialog: (offscreen)
35) 49) dialog: (nodding, fiddling with his raincoat)
35) 50) text: Yes, well, can-can you help me? The film abruptly cuts to the long hallway in Mickey's parents' apartment. In the foreground, a section of the living room can be se with a bureau holding a lamp and a framed photo.  The hallway itself is crowded with pictures and a wall shelf. At the other end of the hallway, in the background, is another bureau, with candlesticks on top and a framed picture on the wall above.  Mickey's mother stands in the front of this bureau at the hallway's end, screaming at t top of her lungs, holding her heart dramatically.
35) 52) text: Why?  Oh, my God! She sobs hysterically, staggering offscreen to the bathro she shuts the door.  Mickey walks into view, in the livin room, looking after his shocked mother, who continues to over the scene.
35) 53) dialog: (overlapping and gesturing)
35) 57) text: How can we be happy? His father walks into view, carrying a teacup and a candy dish.  He strides past Mickey towards the kitchen.
35) 58) dialog: (following his father)
35) 62) dialog: (gesturing at the kitchen door to his offscreen father)
35) 66) dialog: (gesturing)
35) 70) dialog: (shrugging)
35) 71) text: So, just 'cause I was born that way... You know, I'm old enough to make a mature decision. Mickey's father walks into view; he stands by the stove n the kitchen doorway, picking up a dirty glass and some bo to clean.
35) 73) dialog: (gesturing)
35) 74) text: A Bud--?  That's totally alien to me.  Look, you're getting on in years, right?  Aren't you afraid of dying? Mickey's father walks offscreen again, to the kitchen sin
35) 77) dialog: (loudly gesturing)
35) 81) dialog: (gesturing)
35) 82) text: That thought doesn't terrify you? Mickey's father walks out of the kitchen, past his son, t the living room.
35) 85) dialog: (following his father, gesturing)
35) 89) dialog: (turning and walking down the hallway)
35) 93) dialog: Well, it certainly doesn't look promising. Mickey stops at the bathroom door at the other end of the hallway.  He starts to pound it.
35) 95) text: Who knows what'll be? Mickey's father comes back on screen; he's carrying a pla of hors d'oeuvres and an empty glass towards the kitchen. He stops and looks down the hall at Mickey, who's now struggling to open the bathroom door.
35) 98) dialog: (pounding on the door)
35) 102) dialog: (sighing)
35) 106) text: Tell him, Max. Mickey, reacting, hits his forehead.
35) 108) text: How the hell do I know why there were Nazis?  I don't know how the can opener works. Mickey starts pounding the door again as the movie cuts t A beautiful snow-covered church downtown, complete with courtyard and wrought-iron fence.  A pedestrian walks by with an umbrella.  A church choir sings a soaring hymn ov the scene. The music continues as the film moves inside, where the choir is seen singing behind an altar glowing warm gold. fairly large congregation sits in darkened pews as the fi cuts to the back, where Mickey, his arms crossed, stands underneath some stained-glass windows, watching and liste to the inspiring music. The choir continues to sing as the movie cuts to Father Flynn in his office. He picks up some large, heavy books from a shelf near his window and he walks over to Mickey, who's standing near h desk, already holding several tomes.  Father Flynn puts t books on top of Mickey's pile; Mickey, flipping through t top one, awkwardly carries his bundle to the door. Next is seen a close-up of a painting of Jesus Christ on cross, complete with crown of thorns and holy expression. His eyes, especially designed to blink as the lights hit them, open and close repeatedly.  The hymn plays on, loud as the camera moves back, revealing Mickey, standing outs a barber shop window, looking at the Christ playing and shuffling from side to side to gets its eyes' 3-D effect. Smaller inspirational pictures border the bigger, blinkin Christ.  A barber pole with moving stripes stands nearby; passing traffic is reflected in the window. Mickey turns from the window, shrugging, and starts to wa down the street, past a fruit and vegetable store with op air-displayed flowers, past several briskly moving pedestrians. With the hymn still playing, the screen goes black briefl Mickey opens the door, the light from a hallway illuminat him.  He's just entered his apartment.  He closes the doo and walks through his dark foyer; he carries a brown bag. He switches on the light, and walking past his spiral staircase, past several framed pictures on the wall, he makes his way to his living room coffee table.  Mickey pu a crucifix out of the bag; he looks at it, then puts it o the table near a pile of books and some objets d'art.  He then takes out a copy of the New Testament, putting it on top of the crucifix.  Then out comes a framed picture of saint.  It too gets put on the growing pile.  But the bag not yet empty.  Next comes a large loaf of Wonder Bread a a large jar of Hellman's mayonnaise.  Mickey sets them on top of the saint.
38) 0) text: Hare Krishna music is heard over a sunlit view of the Manhattan skyline and the green trees of Central Park.  T camera moves down to reveal a large group of Hare Krishna dancing on the broad green lawn among other New Yorkers enjoying the day.  The leader, holding some pamphlets, stands by a chain-link fence, a few feet away from his group, talking to someone on the other side.  It's Mickey as the camera soon shows, wearing a short-sleeved shirt, paper tucked under his arm.
38) 2) dialog: (gesturing, walking onscreen)
38) 5) dialog: (gesturing)
38) 10) dialog: (gesturing)
38) 14) dialog: (nodding, taking the material)
38) 17) dialog: (looking down at the material he's just received)
38) 20) dialog: Who are you kidding?  You're gonna be a Krishna?  You're gonna shave your head and put on robes and dance around at airports?  You'll look like Jerry Lewis.  Oh, God, I'm so depressed. Mickey puts his hand to his mouth as another title appear on a black screen. Autumn chill.
42) 7) text: "Bewitched" continues as the film cuts to a busy nighttim New York City street.  Mickey, his hands in his pockets, walks along the sidewalk, one person among many other pedestrians.  He pulls his coat tighter around him as he walks. "Bewitched" continues to play as he passes Tower Records' neon-lit window.  He glances inside...and sees Holly, her jacket flung over her shoulders, looking at so records. Mickey walks through the revolving doors of Tower Records up a few stairs to the selling floor proper, and stops ri in front of Holly.
42) 8) dialog: (gesturing)
42) 12) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 16) dialog: (gesturing)
42) 20) dialog: ...and I thought I'd come in and...and we could replay, uh, the whole, uh...
42) 23) dialog: (overlapping, smiling)
42) 26) dialog: Good.  How are you?
42) 28) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 32) dialog: (overlapping, scratching his head)
42) 35) dialog: It was a terrible evening.
42) 37) dialog: (overlapping, gesturing)
42) 42) dialog: (continuing)
42) 46) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 50) dialog: (touching Holly's shoulder)
42) 53) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 57) dialog: (continuing)
42) 58) text: ...namely a personality. Holly chuckles and turns to look at more records.  She wa down the aisle, occasionally glancing at the bins of reco Mickey walks beside her.
42) 59) dialog: So how are you?
42) 62) dialog: You didn't answer my question. What are you doing?
42) 64) dialog: (interrupting)
42) 68) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 72) dialog: Are you, are you out of work or something?
42) 74) dialog: Have you?
42) 77) dialog: Well, that's interesting.  Wh-what kind of stuff?
42) 80) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 83) dialog: No, I am.  I am.
42) 86) dialog: Nobody ever said it.
42) 88) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 92) dialog: (nodding his head)
42) 96) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 100) dialog: You have.
42) 103) dialog: (chuckling, gesturing)
42) 106) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 107) text: I've done no television whatsoever. No. As Mickey continues to speak, Holly walks to another bin records, reacting to his words.  She looks offscreen at h then down at some records.  The camera follows her.
42) 108) dialog: (offscreen, continuing)
42) 112) dialog: (offscreen, overlapping)
42) 113) text: ...which is a long, dull story and I won't get into it.  But-- Mickey walks back onscreen to Holly.  The two of them are partially obscured by a large white Jazz sign imprinted w a large red circle as they continue their conversation.
42) 116) dialog: I'm-- Yes.  Yes, I'm fine.  I'm fine.  How are you?
42) 119) dialog: What...what about your script? (face offscreen obscured by the sign)
42) 123) dialog: (face offscreen)
42) 127) dialog: Hmm.
42) 130) dialog: Yeah.
42) 132) dialog: (overlapping)
42) 135) dialog: Really?
42) 137) dialog: Well, you know, I-I-I...you know, if you want me to, I'll read it.
42) 141) dialog: (chuckling)
42) 142) text: Come over tomorrow and read it to me? Holly laughs, embarrassed, as Mickey puts the record he's been looking at back in the bin.
42) 143) dialog: You must be joking.  I've been doing all my own reading since I was forty...you know.
42) 147) dialog: (laughing)
42) 151) dialog: (overlapping, gesturing)
42) 153) dialog: (continuing, looking at Holly)
43) 0) text: The screen shows a chaise in Mickey's apartment; an ashtr on a stand sits nearby.  The camera moves down the chaise past several piles of books, to Mickey's coffee table.  H sits, picking at his fingers and listening, on the edge o the table in front of Holly, who is sitting cross-legged the floor, propped up with a pillow, reading her script a
43) 3) text: "Emily: I'm two high pair, maybe even aces up.  The problem is, you've got three deuces." Holly closes the script and looks up at Mickey.
43) 6) dialog: (shaking his head, shrugging)
43) 12) dialog: (grunting and gesturing)
43) 16) dialog: (gesturing)
43) 20) dialog: (gesturing)
43) 24) dialog: (continuing)
43) 29) dialog: (smiling and shaking his head)
43) 30) text: Fabulous, I mean it!  I'm so impressed. Holly, thrilled with Mickey's overwhelming response, stan up, her hand on her head. Unable to contain herself, she begins to walk up and down the room, holding her script.  The camera follows her; Mickey is now offscreen.
43) 33) dialog: (offscreen, overlapping)
43) 37) dialog: (offscreen)
43) 41) dialog: (offscreen)
43) 45) dialog: (offscreen)
43) 49) text: God, you really liked it?! "You Made Me Love You" starts to play as the movie cuts t the street outside Mickey's apartment house, an old build complete with a red entrance door and a gray, weather-bea faГ§ade.  Trees line the sidewalk.  Holly and Mickey emer from the door and walk up the street, revealing a whole r of similar apartment buildings.  They pass a few other people as they walk. The film then moves to the outside of a charming glass an stainedwood cafГ©.  Through the window, Holly and Mickey be seen having lunch.  Holly is talking animatedly; Micke takes a sip of coffee.  Some people pass by. Next, the film cuts to an almost isolated path in Central Park, complete, with old-fashioned streetlamps and scatte leaves.  Holly and Mickey stroll into view, deep in conversation.
43) 52) dialog: Well... (chuckling)
43) 54) text: One day about a month ago... The film abruptly cuts to Mickey's flashback, a visual counterpoint to the story he is telling Holly.  A close-u of a nervous, perspiring, and panting Mickey alone in his apartment appears on the screen as his voice is heard.
43) 55) dialog: ...I really hit bottom.  You know, I just felt that in a Godless universe, I didn't want to go on living.  Now I happen to own this rifle... (coughing)
43) 56) text: Mickey raises the barrel of a rifle to his forehead.  He shuts his eyes tightly.
43) 57) dialog: ...which I loaded, believe it or not, and pressed it to my forehead. And I remember thinking, at the time, I'm gonna kill myself.  Then I thought...what if I'm wrong? What if there is a God?  I mean, after all, nobody really knows that. The camera moves past the desperate Mickey to a mirror on the wall behind him.  Its reflection shows his spiral staircase and some standing lamps.  A clock faintly ticks
43) 58) dialog: But then I thought, no.  You know, maybe is not good enough.  I want certainty or nothing.  And I remember very clearly the clock was ticking, and I was sitting there frozen, with the gun to my head, debating whether to shoot. The gun goes off with a loud bang.  The mirror shatters.
43) 59) dialog: All of a sudden, the gun went off. Mickey, holding the rifle, is seen running over to the shattered mirror.  The sounds of his excited neighbors, their shouting, a knocking door, are heard as he continue his tale.
43) 60) dialog: I had been so tense, my finger had squeezed the trigger inadvertently...
43) 63) dialog: (continuing)
43) 66) text: I don't know.  I heard a gun.  Is everything all right? Mickey, still brandishing the rifle, runs into his sunlit living room.  He looks around frantically, his shirt loos Finally, he throws the rifle down between the sofa and th coffee table.  The gun goes off a second time.  Mickey, standing nearby, jumps, his hands flying to his head.  Th doorbell rings; the neighbors begin pounding at the door.
43) 67) dialog: And suddenly, neighbors were, were, pounding on the door, and-and I don't know, the whole scene was just pandemonium.  And, uh, you know, and I-I-I-I-I ran to the door. Mickey runs offscreen briefly to answer the door.
43) 68) dialog: I-I-I-I didn't know what to say. You know, I was, I was embarrassed and confused, and my-my-my mind was r-r-racing a mile a minute... He returns onscreen, panting; he looks frantically once again around the living room.
43) 69) dialog: ...and I-I jus knew one thing. The film cuts to a West Side street.  It's an overcast da Mickey, walking slowly along the sidewalk, passes several other pedestrians and numerous storefronts, including Klein's Pharmacy and a "Bar-B-Q" take out.  Occasionally, is obscured by a tree trunk on the opposite side of the street; a few taxis go by as he talks over the scene.
43) 70) dialog: I...I-I-I-I had to get out of that house.  I had to just get out in the fresh air and-and clear my head. And I remember very clearly.  I walked the streets.  I walked and I walked.  I-I didn't know what was going through my mind.  It all seemed so violent and un-unreal to me.  And I wandered... The movie cuts to the exterior of the Metro movie theater with its smoked glass entrance doors and its Art Deco fee An old publicity photo hangs inside.  Mickey's reflection seen at the almost-transparent doors, as well as the reflection of the street and various cars whizzing by.  H reflection walks towards the theater entrance; he continu his story.
43) 71) dialog: ...for a long time on the Upper West Side, you know, an-and it must have been hours!  You know, my, my feet hurt.  My head was, was pounding, and, and I had to sit down.  I went into a movie house. I-I didn't know what was playing or anything. Mickey walks into the movie house.  He is seen through th glass doors, which still reflect the street and traffic outside.  He makes his way through the lobby into the act theater.
43) 72) dialog: I just, I just needed a moment to gather my thoughts and, and be logical, and, and put the world back into rational perspective. The film abruptly cuts to the theater's black-and-white screen, where the Marx Brothers, in Duck Soup, play the helmets of several soldiers standing in a line like a liv xylophone.  The sounds of the "xylophone" are heard as th movie cuts to the darkened theater, where Mickey slowly s down in a balcony seat.  The "xylophone" music stops and changes to "Hidee-hidee-hidee-hidee-hidee-hidee-ho" as su by the Marx Brothers and ensemble in the movie.  The sing continues faintly in the background as Mickey continues h tale:
43) 73) dialog: And I went upstairs to the balcony, and I sat down (sighing)
43) 74) text: and, you know, the movie was a-a-a film that I'd seen many times in my life since I was a kid, an-and I always u-uh, loved it.  And, you know, I'm, I'm watching these people up on the screen, and I started getting hooked o-on the film, you know? The film cuts back to the black-and-white movie screen as Mickey continues to talk.  The Marx Brothers, as well as hundred-odd other cast members in Duck Soup, are kneeling and bowing as they sing "Hidee-hidee-ho." They kick their heels up in the air.  They sway back and forth, hands clasped, singing "Oh-h-h-h-h-h..."
43) 75) dialog: ...And I started to feel how can you even think of killing yourself? I mean, isn't it so stupid?  I mean, l-look at all the people up there on the screen.  You know, they're real funny, and, and what if the worst is true? The movie cuts back to Mickey, sitting almost obscured in the dark theater.  The Oh-h-h-h-h-h's coming from the offscreen movie are heard as he continues to speak.
43) 76) dialog: What if there's no God, and you only go around once and that's it? Well, you know, don't you want to be part of the experience?  You know, what the hell, it-i-it's not all a drag.  And I'm thinking to myself, geez, I should stop ruining my life... As Mickey talks, the film cuts back to the antics of the Marx Brothers on the black-and-white theater screen.  The four brothers are now swaying and singing and strutting, their voices indistinct over Mickey's narration.
43) 77) dialog: ...searching for answers I'm never gonna get, and just enjoy it while it lasts.  And...you know... The film is back on Mickey's dark form in the audience.
43) 78) dialog: ...after, who knows?  I mean, you know, maybe there is something. Nobody really knows.  I know, I know "maybe" is a very slim reed to hang your whole life on, but that's the best we have.  And...then, I started to sit back, and I actually began to enjoy myself. As Mickey continues, the film cuts back to Duck Soup on t black-and-white screen.  The Marx Brothers are sitting on judge's bench, playing banjos and singing with the other cast members.  They jump down from the bench, still singi Their voices swell. MARX BROTHERS &amp; COMPANY
43) 79) text: "Oh, Freedonia Oh, don't you cry for me They'll be coming around the mountain..." The Marx Brothers kneel, strumming their banjos, and the movie cuts back to Central Park.  The flashback is over. Mickey and Holly continue their stroll as "You Made Me Lo You" begins to play in the background.  They pass some people, a cluster of buildings that look like castles, an the Manhattan skyline as seen through the trees, as the camera moves back, farther and farther away from them, showing a beautiful Central Park, frozen in time.
43) 83) dialog: (mumbling)
43) 87) dialog: Oh, don't be silly!  No!  Don't be ridiculous.
43) 90) dialog: I was the, I was... You know, it was my fault.  I-- (inhaling)
43) 92) dialog: So, so you want to go out to dinner again?  I mean, is that, is that... Have, you have any interest in that, or...
43) 94) dialog: (overlapping)
44) 49) text: It's beautiful. Mavis walks off.  Holly, reflected in the mirror, begins fluffing her hair as Mickey enters and wraps his arms aro her from behind.  The camera stays focused on the mirror; both Holly and Mickey are now seen in its reflection.
44) 50) dialog: (smacking his lips)
44) 54) dialog: Hi. (kissing Holly)
44) 58) dialog: When'd you get here?
44) 60) dialog: Oh. (kissing her again)
44) 61) text: You look so beautiful. Mickey continues to kiss Holly.  She responds, sighing an closing her eyes.
44) 63) dialog: (kissing Holly's neck)
44) 78) dialog: (overlapping)
44) 79) text: I don't know how you're gonna top that. Mickey continues to kiss Holly's neck; he chuckles.
44) 81) text: Mickey?
44) 82) dialog: (kissing Holly's neck)