2) 0) text: The living room is crowded with family and guests sitting comfortably on chairs near the piano, where Evan, Hannah' father, plays "Bewitched" as Hannah's mother, Norma, sits nearby, accompanying him in their duet.  A child is spraw out under a blanket on a sofa; some guests chatter quietl others drink and eat, listening. EVAN &amp; NORMA (singing)
2) 56) text: Tch.  He's such an angry...he's such a depressive.  I thought she was moving out! Hannah shakes her head in disapproval while Holly angrily takes another sip of her drink. And the film cuts briefly back to the living room, where Evan is still playing the piano and singing.  The camera moves past him and a few guests to Norma, who is enthusiastically singing along, looking at Evan and movin her hands. EVAN &amp; NORMA (singing)
4) 0) text: Everyone is seated around the table for Thanksgiving dinn Facing the camera are Holly, Lee, Norma, and Hannah.  She sits to the left of Elliot, who's at the head of the tabl On his right is Evan; April sits next to him.  She and th other guests sit with their backs to the screen.  The tab overflows with food, floral decorations, and candles.  In the background, the children sit at a separate table; a m serves them turkey.  The guests chatter comfortably among themselves as they eat.
4) 19) text: Uh, and a little help... Lee and Holly try to suppress their laughter.  Norma glar at them.
4) 20) dialog: (to her daughters)
4) 36) dialog: (overlapping, laughing)
4) 38) text: I played Nora.  I hate to tell you what year... The guests, sipping their wine, quiet down as Norma conti to speak.  Lee and Holly unsuccessfully try to contain th laughter.  Mavis reenters the dining room to serve more f to the children.
4) 39) dialog: (continuing)
4) 41) text: Now I think that Ibsen would have been damn proud of our Hannah! Norma toasts her daughter; everyone follows her.  The applause and cheers begin anew.  Hannah, reacting, chuckl
4) 44) dialog: (overlapping)
8) 0) text: Norman, a Los Angeles TV producer and Mickey's former partner, is driving down a peaceful street lined with pal trees.  He's wearing sunglasses and headphones.  He click his fingers in time to the music only he hears on his Walkman.  He's smiling contentedly while Mickey talks ove the sun-filled scene.  The continuous background jazz pla louder.
19) 16) text: Well, naturally, this doesn't mean that you can't have a normal sex life. (walking over to the opened office door and closing it)
20) 25) text: Just think about it.  That's all I ask. They walk offscreen and the film cuts to Hannah and Micke living room.  The room is brightly lit; it's cluttered wi pillows and plants.  Norman and Carol, his wife, sit on t couch drinking coffee.
20) 42) text: Do you remember that summer in France?  Hannah, you had jet lag for six straight weeks. Norman chuckles.
20) 46) text: Mm-hm. Hannah walks over to the group, holding a pot of coffee. She awkwardly steps past Mickey to pour coffee for Norman and Carol.
20) 48) text: Sorry. (to Norman and Carol)
20) 71) text: Um, I-I didn't really want to, you know, go to a sperm bank or something, have some anonymous donor. (gesturing at Norman and Carol)
20) 74) text: Right.  We felt that if we were gonna do it, that we would like somebody who we knew and who we liked and who was warm and bright and... Norman and Carol remain silent.
20) 80) text: Carol glances at Norman.
20) 82) text: Yeah, well, I would be the father. (pointing to Norman)
20) 100) text: Okay, Norman, listen, I really want to talk about this at home. (nodding as Hannah looks briefly offscreen at Mickey)
20) 107) text: Now let's move on to another topic. Hannah reaches for the cake as Carol and Norman exchange glances, reacting. The flashback ends.  Mickey is back in the present in his darkened living room, illuminated by a glow from a window behind the couch.  A coffee table sits in front of the co Papers are scattered on the floor.  Mickey gets up from t couch where he'd been sitting.  He paces back and forth a he talks over the screen.
23) 6) text: But it's all lies. Through a doorway, Norma can be seen sitting on a chair i the kitchen.  She wears a robe over a slip and stockings; she's drinking.  Evan stands in the doorway looking at he he doesn't go in.
23) 14) text: We were making a commercial down at the mayor's office, and there was this young, good-looking salesman... Norma reacts, turning to her daughter.  Hannah, however, her back turned.  She is busy taking charge in the kitche as Evan speaks.  She takes some pills out of a cupboard a hands them to her mother with a glass of water.
23) 17) dialog: (angrily interrupting, turning her head)
23) 20) text: and finally she became Joan Collins! Evan walks over to the piano, where several framed family photographs sit in a line on its top.  He picks one up as Norma speaks offscreen in the kitchen.
23) 21) dialog: (offscreen)
23) 22) text: All my life I've had to put up with insults... The camera moves back to the kitchen as Norma talks.  She still glaring offscreen at the doorway where Evan stood moments before.  She holds the water glass and the pills.
23) 23) dialog: (continuing, dramatically)
23) 25) text: He could never support us.  It's a good thing we had a talented daughter! Evan is back in the doorway, listening to Norma, getting more and more angry.  As he makes a retort, he starts to walk back to the den and his piano.
23) 28) dialog: She's talented...so it's not likely she's yours! (taking a sip of water)
23) 30) text: Dad, could you just please stay in the other room and let me take care of her? Hannah goes back to Norma; she takes the glass of water a
23) 35) dialog: (sipping her coffee)
23) 38) dialog: (shaking her head)
23) 43) dialog: (shouting to the offscreen Evan)
23) 47) dialog: (touching Hannah's arm, gasping)
23) 51) dialog: (gesturing)
23) 53) text: Now how can you act when there's nothing inside to come out?! Norma sips her coffee, softly sobbing.  Hannah, reacting, walks away from the counter and, capping the bottle of pills, puts them back in the cupboard.  Evan plays the pi offscreen.  The camera moves in on Hannah's face as she reflects, her voice heard over the screen.
23) 56) dialog: You know, of all of us in the family, you were the one blessed with the true gift. She puts her arm around Hannah's shoulder.  Mother and daughter walk out of the kitchen.
23) 58) text: Ohhh, my true gift is luck, Mom. Norma chuckles.
23) 61) dialog: Yes, she's lovely, but she doesn't have your spark. (gesturing and chuckling)
23) 65) dialog: No, Holly's game for anything. Holly takes after me.
23) 67) dialog: (shaking her head)
23) 68) text: I'd have been a great dope addict. Norma chortles.  Hannah laughs, touching her mother.  The walk over to Evan at the piano.
23) 70) text: Remember this, Hannah? Evan plays a few bars of "You Are Too Beautiful" as mothe and daughter, their backs to the camera, listen.  Norma leans over the piano; Hannah looks off into the distance, deep in reflection.  The piano music continues in the background as the movie cuts to: Lee walking along a wharf by the waterfront.  The wind bl her hair; she hugs the e.e. cummings book to her chest. She, too, is deep in thought.  She stops at the edge of t wharf; the camera continues to move, to a group of wooden pilings nearby, lapped by the water.
39) 0) text: It's Thanksgiving at Hannah's once again.  Guests are crowded together in the living room, surrounding the pian where Evan is sitting and flipping through some sheet mus Norma stands behind him, leaning against a book-laden wal The guests are chattering, enjoying themselves; a lamp gl on the corner of the piano.  A little boy sitting in a ch next to Evan is talking animatedly with a girl who is leaning over the arm of the sofa.  An adult guest talks t the little boy; another guest takes a sip of wine from a glass she'd placed on the bookshelf behind her as Evan tu and addresses the group.
39) 2) text: Now, here...here's a song that Norma sang on that trip we made up to the show in Buffalo.  And, oh, was she beautiful that night! The guests laugh appreciatively.  A woman comes over to E and hands him some wine.
39) 3) dialog: Come on. (laughing and touching Evan's shoulder)
39) 10) dialog: (tapping his shoulder)
39) 14) dialog: (gesturing)
39) 15) text: But only slight. Evan continues to laugh with everyone as he starts to pla the piano.  A nearby woman toasts him with her drink.  Th camera moves around the room as he plays, showing the various guests, chattering over the music.  Some are in clusters, in private conversations; others listen and wat the offscreen Evan.  A couple stands by the window; one m gets up from his chair and walks away.  Some guests sip their drinks, smiling, as the camera moves back to the pi and the book-laden wall.  Evan is playing the piano with exuberance.  Norma, still standing behind him, has a poignant, wistful expression on her face.  She mouths the words to the song Evan is playing, "It Could Happen to Yo The woman next to her smiles, enjoying the music, as the camera continues its exploration, moving to a man standin in the doorway with a group of children.  Mavis the maid walks by with a tray of hors d'oeuvres.  The man takes on mouthing his thanks, as the camera travels past the open bookshelf, past two boys in suits who are drinking soda a munching, to reveal Lee.  She is leaning against another doorway, a faraway look on her face as she listens to the music.  Mavis passes in the hall beyond the doorway.  Sev people, deep in conversation, stand nearby as Elliot, holding a drink, walks up behind her.
40) 79) text: Ah, it's over!  Elliot, I mean it. It's over! They look at each other, reacting, as the film cuts back Hannah's kitchen.  Norma's face can be seen in the portho window on the other side of the pantry's swinging door. looks around the kitchen, then opens the door and steps inside.  Holly stands nearby, working in the pantry area.
40) 80) dialog: (holding the door, half in and half out of the kitchen)
40) 84) dialog: (gesturing)
40) 86) dialog: I'm so proud!
41) 0) text: The dark hallway is illuminated by light coming from the offscreen foyer; pictures line the wall.  Piano music is still heard very softly in the background as Hannah, hugg herself, walks slowly down the hallway into the living ro She briefly looks around, lost in thought.  She sits down heavily, tiredly, on the arm of the couch as the movie cu to several framed photographs on the mantel.  One shows Hannah and Elliot on their wedding day.  Another shows Elliot, obscured in the shadows.  Yet another has capture Norma as a young girl.  The camera, however, moves closer and closer to a photograph showing Hannah, Lee, and Holly the three sisters, smiling into the camera.  There is no sound.
44) 13) text: Yeah.  I'll get some ice. Lee walks off, drying her wet hands in the air.  Hannah, a silk dress, moves onscreen, going to the table and pour herself a glass of wine as Norma enters the kitchen.
44) 14) dialog: Hannah, can I tell everybody you're going to play Desdemona? Norma walks over to a glass-doored cabinet and takes out bottle of gin.
44) 17) dialog: (gesturing with the bottle)
44) 18) text: Yes, but it's public television. And to me, Shakespeare doesn't get any greater than Othello.  You with some big black stud!  I love it! Norma unscrews the liquor bottle and pours some into her empty glass as Hannah stops her mashing, reacting.
44) 47) text: Hello. The movie cuts to Hannah, leaning contentedly against a doorway into the living room and listening to the offscre Evan play the piano.  Elliot, holding his drink, walks ov to her.  They look at each other for a beat; Elliot then hugs Hannah, pulling her towards him.  She leans her head his shoulder, fingering his jacket lapel.  They look offscreen together, happily, intimately, at the offscreen guests, as the camera moves across the room, past a few guests, to reveal Evan sitting at the piano.  Norma sits his side, one arm resting on the piano.  She holds a drin and looks off in the distance, mouthing the words to "Isn It Romantic." The camera then moves to the doorway in the living room, where a man, holding a drink, enters and joins the happy crowd.  Evan can be seen in the background, playing his s A child plays near the coffee table. The camera continues to move past the doorway, past a hug grandfather clock, to a second doorway leading to the den Here, more guests are gathered; a child sits in a small chair by the sofa.  He sips a soda as female guest #2 ent the room and crouches down next to him, smiling.  She wav to him.  He waves back as the camera continues to move pa the doorway to reveal Holly, standing in front of a hallw mirror, fixing her earrings.  Mavis can be seen in the background, through the doorway into the dining room, lighting the candles on the table.  She dims the lights, darkening the room and the hallway where Holly stands in warm candlelit glow.  Mavis leaves the dining room and passes Holly.