3) 125) text: God, Mickey's such a hypochondriac. I wonder how he'd handle it if there was ever anything really wrong with him?
6) 42) text: I'm sure all those morons he handles have a deep feeling for art. Lee picks up a book from the stereo shelf.  She leans bac against the unit, glancing through its pages.
7) 22) text: Hey, Mickey! Gail runs in front of the group.  Without missing a step, she faces Mickey and walks backwards, gesturing and talki frantically.
7) 67) text: You want 'em cut?!  I'll cut 'em myself! Mickey, still in surprised shock, turns away from the ang writer.  He stands by an open dressing room, where Ron, a actor, slouches, dazed, in a chair facing a makeup mirror People mill in the background behind the actor.
7) 75) text: In-in-in-instead of the child molestation sketch, why don't we repeat the Cardinal Spellman Ronald Reagan homosexual dance number?
7) 78) dialog: (overlapping)
7) 79) text: I don't feel good, Mickey. Mickey, remembering Ron, runs into the dressing room.  Ga follows him.  Inside, a man and a woman talk, ignoring Ro They share a drink in a paper cup.  The woman looks back Ron; she gestures with disgust.
7) 81) text: Yeah, wh-- Yeah, what did you do? Swallow a drugstore?! Ron coughs.
7) 86) dialog: (groaning)
7) 87) text: I lost my voice. Gail walks around the chair.  The camera shows she and Mickey talking to Ron through the reflection in the clutt makeup mirror.
7) 91) text: Ron...Ronny, you know you do have to go on in twenty-five minutes. Ron sighs.
7) 94) dialog: (sighing)
9) 0) text: As Mickey finishes his ruminations, Hannah is seen walkin towards her front door.  She opens it, her back to the camera.  Mickey stands there holding two boxed gifts.  Th jazz stops.
10) 2) text: Oh, God, I hope there's nothing physically wrong with me, either. Mickey pushes open the outside door of Dr. Abel's office, the movie cuts to the doctor's consultation room.  The doctor is framed in the doorway, looking through a file cabinet.
10) 8) text: I mean, I'm absolutely convinced that-that-- You know, I mean, it's not like that adenoidal thing, you know, where I didn't realize I had them out. Dr. Abel walks back onscreen.  Both he and Mickey are now seen through the second doorway.  Dr. Abel sniffs and sta directly in front of the sitting Mickey.  He stares down him as Mickey talks.
12) 40) text: But there's nothing wrong with you.
12) 42) text: If there's nothing wrong with me (pacing back to the desk and Gail)
13) 2) text: These things are delicious!  What in the world are they? Holly walks onto the screen in front of the painting.  Sh holds an almost empty tray of hors d'oeuvres; she wears a uniform.
13) 5) text: Oh, they're very good. Holly walks past the painting towards the female brunch guest.  A man walks in front of her.  Chatter, light laughter, and music are still heard; a party is in progre
13) 33) text: Listen, you guys are too attractive to be caterers.  Something's wrong.
14) 8) text: It's terrific! The film moves down from the buildings to reveal the trio sitting in David's Jaguar across the street.  David and April sit in the front seat; Holly sits scrunched up in back, her head slightly forward.
14) 26) text: You know, April, people pass by vital structures in this city all the time, and they never take the time to appreciate them.  I get the feeling you tune in to your environment.
14) 132) text: Well, naturally.  She went to Brandeis. The movie cuts to Holly's point of view: the front seat where David and April sit, the Jaguar's windshield, and t passing lights and traffic of the street.  Holly continue her ruminations as April leans over to say something to D
17) 8) text: Mr. Sachs, let's take one step at a time.  We won't make any decisions until we have all the information in front of us, all right?
20) 18) text: What, by a st-stranger? Deep in conversation, they cross a tree-lined street.  Th pass a yellow wood-frame house bordered by a wrought-iron fence.
20) 107) text: Now let's move on to another topic. Hannah reaches for the cake as Carol and Norman exchange glances, reacting. The flashback ends.  Mickey is back in the present in his darkened living room, illuminated by a glow from a window behind the couch.  A coffee table sits in front of the co Papers are scattered on the floor.  Mickey gets up from t couch where he'd been sitting.  He paces back and forth a he talks over the screen.
23) 0) text: Evan, his back to the camera, walks to the front door and opens it to Hannah.
23) 70) text: Remember this, Hannah? Evan plays a few bars of "You Are Too Beautiful" as mothe and daughter, their backs to the camera, listen.  Norma leans over the piano; Hannah looks off into the distance, deep in reflection.  The piano music continues in the background as the movie cuts to: Lee walking along a wharf by the waterfront.  The wind bl her hair; she hugs the e.e. cummings book to her chest. She, too, is deep in thought.  She stops at the edge of t wharf; the camera continues to move, to a group of wooden pilings nearby, lapped by the water.
24) 0) text: The quiet continues as the film cuts to a close-up of a large, circular CAT-scan module in an antiseptic hospital room.  A slowly moving stretcher, bearing Mickey's strapp prone body, begins to enter the round opening of the modu As the camera pulls back from Mickey, his taped head unde the scan, two technicians can be seen through the window separating the scanner from the control room.  One of the sitting down, taps information into a computer while the other technician stands nearby, looking from Mickey to th computer screen. The movie then cuts briefly to the computer screen, showi an image of Mickey's skull.  Scan lines bleep over the sk The camera moves up from the screen to reveal Mickey once again, as seen through the window, silent and serious und the CAT-scan module. From Mickey's prone form, the film moves to the two technicians, as seen through the window in the scanner ro They examine the computer screen and talk indistinctly to each other.  One of the men, nodding, taps more informati into the computer. While they're studying the CAT-scan picture, the camera c to a back view of Mickey under the module.  There is a science-fiction feel to this scene, as if Mickey is lying the center of a huge, white, futuristic circle.  The stretcher, bearing Mickey, slowly moves out of the module
27) 0) text: Gail sits in a chair in front of a bookshelf.  A sofa, a coffee table holding periodicals, and an endtable with a lamp complete the tableau.  Gail's hands are clasped on h lap.
27) 64) text: I know it isn't. They kiss, their figures almost silhouetted in the warm g of the room.  Elliot takes Lee's coat off without breakin the kiss.  They embrace.  They kiss each other lightly, t stronger, more passionately, their embrace much tighter. And it's later that night.  The harpsichord music begins play again as the camera moves over the bed covers to rev Lee, lying contentedly under the sheets, her hair fanned on the pillows, one arm near her head.
28) 2) text: You're late. Lee walks through the loft's living room area, unbelting coat, towards the bathroom.  She passes Frederick, who si at a table in the kitchen area, drinking a cup of coffee reading the paper.  A plate with a half-eaten sandwich si in front of him.  The music stops.
28) 8) text: The reason why they could never answer the question "How could it possibly happen?" is that it's the wrong question.  Given what people are, the question is (swallowing)
28) 13) text: It's been ages since I sat in front of the TV... just changing channels to find something. As Frederick continues his monologue, Lee is busy in the background: striking a wooden match and lighting a burner the stove for the kettle, taking a glass out of the cupbo walking into the bathroom for some pills, filling the gla with water in the kitchen sink, and taking her pills.
28) 66) text: Oh, Christ!  What's wrong with you?!
29) 19) text: It's immoral. Elliot switches on the light.  He paces back and forth in front of the piano and an accompanying music stand.  The of the piano is filled with family photos; the lamp he turned on illuminates some framed pictures on the wall an the piece of sheet music open on the piano.
29) 40) text: I even took her sister out. Remember that? Mickey continues to look through the fence at the water a the distant skyline.  A jogger crosses in front of him. It's very quiet; the soft jazz continues.
32) 52) text: My God!  Wha-what is this?  The Gestapo?  No. He sits down again, in a chair next to Hannah; the ketchu bottle sits in front of him.
33) 60) text: I mean, y-you know, don't say it that way, you know, because my confidence is not my strong point,
34) 2) text: "This year's fancies Are passing fancies..." The film moves from the audience to the stage where Holly her hands clasped in front of her, continues to sing her song.  A large group of other hopefuls are seen in the background behind her.
35) 35) text: Now why do you think that you would like to convert to Catholicism? The camera moves back to reveal Mickey, his back to the camera, sitting in front of Father Flynn's desk.  A lamp lit in the background; the Father's desk is neat.  The ro is comfortably decorated in wood and leather.
35) 50) text: Yes, well, can-can you help me? The film abruptly cuts to the long hallway in Mickey's parents' apartment. In the foreground, a section of the living room can be se with a bureau holding a lamp and a framed photo.  The hallway itself is crowded with pictures and a wall shelf. At the other end of the hallway, in the background, is another bureau, with candlesticks on top and a framed picture on the wall above.  Mickey's mother stands in the front of this bureau at the hallway's end, screaming at t top of her lungs, holding her heart dramatically.
35) 63) text: Because I got off to a wrong foot with my own thing, you know.  B-b- b-but I need a dramatic change in my life.
35) 108) text: How the hell do I know why there were Nazis?  I don't know how the can opener works. Mickey starts pounding the door again as the movie cuts t A beautiful snow-covered church downtown, complete with courtyard and wrought-iron fence.  A pedestrian walks by with an umbrella.  A church choir sings a soaring hymn ov the scene. The music continues as the film moves inside, where the choir is seen singing behind an altar glowing warm gold. fairly large congregation sits in darkened pews as the fi cuts to the back, where Mickey, his arms crossed, stands underneath some stained-glass windows, watching and liste to the inspiring music. The choir continues to sing as the movie cuts to Father Flynn in his office. He picks up some large, heavy books from a shelf near his window and he walks over to Mickey, who's standing near h desk, already holding several tomes.  Father Flynn puts t books on top of Mickey's pile; Mickey, flipping through t top one, awkwardly carries his bundle to the door. Next is seen a close-up of a painting of Jesus Christ on cross, complete with crown of thorns and holy expression. His eyes, especially designed to blink as the lights hit them, open and close repeatedly.  The hymn plays on, loud as the camera moves back, revealing Mickey, standing outs a barber shop window, looking at the Christ playing and shuffling from side to side to gets its eyes' 3-D effect. Smaller inspirational pictures border the bigger, blinkin Christ.  A barber pole with moving stripes stands nearby; passing traffic is reflected in the window. Mickey turns from the window, shrugging, and starts to wa down the street, past a fruit and vegetable store with op air-displayed flowers, past several briskly moving pedestrians. With the hymn still playing, the screen goes black briefl Mickey opens the door, the light from a hallway illuminat him.  He's just entered his apartment.  He closes the doo and walks through his dark foyer; he carries a brown bag. He switches on the light, and walking past his spiral staircase, past several framed pictures on the wall, he makes his way to his living room coffee table.  Mickey pu a crucifix out of the bag; he looks at it, then puts it o the table near a pile of books and some objets d'art.  He then takes out a copy of the New Testament, putting it on top of the crucifix.  Then out comes a framed picture of saint.  It too gets put on the growing pile.  But the bag not yet empty.  Next comes a large loaf of Wonder Bread a a large jar of Hellman's mayonnaise.  Mickey sets them on top of the saint.
36) 16) text: Oh, Hannah, she's-she's just embarrassed in front of you, that's all. Hannah walks offscreen, farther into the coatcheck room. She talks offscreen as Lee alone is seen, reacting and speaking as well.  In the background, a waiter crosses ov to the bar, then walks away.
36) 174) text: A piano plays "Bewitched" in the background as the film c to a large tree, covered with bright white blossoms.  The camera moves down the tree to reveal a well-kept, red-bri brownstone on a pleasant, sunny New York City street.  A wearing a summer suit walks by as the film moves inside t building, to Elliot's analyst's office.  The psychotherap sits in a comfortable armchair next to a curtained window In front of the window sits a table covered with artifact and a large lamp.  The analyst's fingers are touching, hi arms resting on the chair, as he listens to the offscreen Elliot.
38) 21) text: Bach's Concerto for Harpsichord is heard as the film cuts the waterfront at dusk.  A bench faces some wharf pilings the water gently laps against them as Lee walks into view the wind blowing her hair.  She stands and faces the wate and the distant skyline across the bay.  The view is contemplative, beautiful in the dim light. Lee is alone; her hands are in her pockets.  Lee, thinkin is heard over the scene; the harpsichord music plays in t background.
40) 35) text: Oh, wow!  I don't want to have this conversation.  I didn't do anything wrong. Hannah angrily gathers up some spices from the table; Hol walks back onscreen holding a silver ice bucket.  She sto at the corner of the table and faces Hannah.
42) 0) text: The film shows the bedroom night table, holding a small lamp, a wooden box, a cast-iron fire truck, an ashtray, a glasses.  Elliot's pajama-clad arm moves into view.  He turns off the lamp; the room is now pitch-black.
42) 7) text: "Bewitched" continues as the film cuts to a busy nighttim New York City street.  Mickey, his hands in his pockets, walks along the sidewalk, one person among many other pedestrians.  He pulls his coat tighter around him as he walks. "Bewitched" continues to play as he passes Tower Records' neon-lit window.  He glances inside...and sees Holly, her jacket flung over her shoulders, looking at so records. Mickey walks through the revolving doors of Tower Records up a few stairs to the selling floor proper, and stops ri in front of Holly.
43) 0) text: The screen shows a chaise in Mickey's apartment; an ashtr on a stand sits nearby.  The camera moves down the chaise past several piles of books, to Mickey's coffee table.  H sits, picking at his fingers and listening, on the edge o the table in front of Holly, who is sitting cross-legged the floor, propped up with a pillow, reading her script a
44) 47) text: Hello. The movie cuts to Hannah, leaning contentedly against a doorway into the living room and listening to the offscre Evan play the piano.  Elliot, holding his drink, walks ov to her.  They look at each other for a beat; Elliot then hugs Hannah, pulling her towards him.  She leans her head his shoulder, fingering his jacket lapel.  They look offscreen together, happily, intimately, at the offscreen guests, as the camera moves across the room, past a few guests, to reveal Evan sitting at the piano.  Norma sits his side, one arm resting on the piano.  She holds a drin and looks off in the distance, mouthing the words to "Isn It Romantic." The camera then moves to the doorway in the living room, where a man, holding a drink, enters and joins the happy crowd.  Evan can be seen in the background, playing his s A child plays near the coffee table. The camera continues to move past the doorway, past a hug grandfather clock, to a second doorway leading to the den Here, more guests are gathered; a child sits in a small chair by the sofa.  He sips a soda as female guest #2 ent the room and crouches down next to him, smiling.  She wav to him.  He waves back as the camera continues to move pa the doorway to reveal Holly, standing in front of a hallw mirror, fixing her earrings.  Mavis can be seen in the background, through the doorway into the dining room, lighting the candles on the table.  She dims the lights, darkening the room and the hallway where Holly stands in warm candlelit glow.  Mavis leaves the dining room and passes Holly.
44) 65) text: it's ironic.  I-I used to always have Thanksgiving with Hannah...and I never thought (kissing)