23) 0) text: The door is opened by CAROLINE, 22, blonde, in panties an top--the original slacker starting to make her way in the
23) 1) dialog: Shit, you gave me a fright ringing the bell like a headcase! Caroline steps forward and gives Lucy a hug. Lucy immediately forms a complete picture of her friend's body: bones, muscles, veins, waves, equations, everything Ascan from head to toe in five seconds. Caroline steps back. Lucy is slightly in shock.
23) 2) dialog: (sweetly) T missed you.
23) 4) dialog: Have you lost your keys? 64. Lucy Something like that. Can I use your laptop?
23) 5) dialog: Uh... Sure. Lucy heads into the living room, sits straight down at th computer and types at mind-blowing speed. Caroline flops on the couch and goes back to painting her
23) 6) dialog: You're into computers now. Lucy Yup. It's all new. Lucy browses scientific websites. So fast, it's impossibl keep up.
23) 7) dialog: I spent all day yesterday going to auditions. Well... Going to two auditions. It was so boring! They keep you waiting for hours, gabbing away in Chinese. You don't understand a word they say, then at the end they say they'll call you but they don't even take your number. (smiles) Except one guy. But he wasn't Chinese. A guy from the agency. The cute-and-I-know-it kind. Lucy digests a huge quantity of scientific papers at phen speed. 65.
23) 8) dialog: (grins) You'll never guess where he took me! Lucy (riveted to the screen) The Four Seasons. The Royal Suite. And you made love all night long.
23) 9) dialog: (stunned) How did you know? Lucy Lucy looks at her friend, they are obviously on different of consciousness, but Lucy still has a dollop of compassi this girl.
23) 11) dialog: Ready for what? What truth are you talking about. Lucy, you're scaring me. 66. Lucy takes a deep breath. Lucy His name's Franco. He’s HIV- positive but he doesn't know it yet. Trouble is, you are biologically vulnerable to contamination. Your kidneys don't operate very efficiently and your liver's in bad shape because of all the shit you've put through it since you were 13. Her tone is clipped, devoid of emotion. Caroline is froze stunned, the nail polish in her hands.
23) 13) dialog: “Come up with something?” Lucy A treatment. Lucy goes back to the computer. Caroline's beautiful eyes begin to fill with tears.
23) 14) dialog: Lucy, is this some kind of joke? Caroline begins to cry. Lucy concentrates on the computer 67.
23) 15) dialog: Why are you telling me all this? You don't know what the fuck you're talking about. First, you don't even know Franco. You never met him. Did Richard tell you this crap? Is that it? Richard is a jealous little shit because I wouldn't fuck him. He'll do anything to hurt me. Caroline cries more. Lucy continues typing.
23) 16) dialog: Why are you being so mean to me? T know my life is a little messed up, but it's not any reason to throw it up at me like this. I've always been your friend, I've always told you all my secrets. Everything. I trusted you, Why are you trying to hurt me like this? Her anger begins to rise... just as Lucy said it would,
23) 17) dialog: You think you're better than me? Look at you? You're 25 and you're still working as a salesgirl ina second-hand clothes store to pay your way through college. So maybe you're more intelligent than me because you had a little more school, but what have you done with your fabulous education? Huh? You're like me! Still lost, trying to find who the hell you are. and while you wait for the ‘great’ answer all you do is party in the same clubs as me, so what is your fucking problem that you have to lay this shit on me. 68. Coroline is desperate. Tears flow uncontrollably.
23) 18) dialog: And why are you saying I'm sick? That's not true! It's not! Tell me you were just making it up. Tell me it's not true! Lucy is still silent, typing away.
23) 19) dialog: (screaming) Look at me whenT talk to youllll! Lucy prints out a page in Chinese. She grabs the page, ju and thrusts it toward Caroline. Lucy Here... It's a prescription. Go to the pharmacy and start your treatment.
23) 20) dialog: (amazed) Since when do you speak Chinese?! Lucy (honestly) About one hour. Bemused, Caroline holds the prescription in her fingertip Trembling.
23) 21) dialog: Lucy... I don't understand any of this. 35 36 69. LUCy (gently) T know, but do what I told you. Pull some pants on and go down to the pharmacy. I don't want you to die. Lucy means it, but she’s ina hurry and turns back to the Ina daze, Caroline pulls on some jeans and heads out. On the laptop, Lucy seems to have found what she was look for. A photo pops up. We recognize Professor Samuel Norman of Boston University