0) 0) text: The first ray of the sun's light streams between the buil of Taipei, touching the face of LUCY, 25. Last night's ma caked on her skin. She has been up all night. She wears a tight leopard print miniskirt, and is trying her jacket on her bare shoulders. RICHARD, 28, is standin next to her in vintage ray bans and a Bono-style Stetson. Lucy takes a sip of her coffee from a Taiwanese Starbuck
0) 8) text: The real prehistoric Lucy sits half-naked, gazing blankly camera. Back to scene: Miniskirt Lucy stares at Richard. Lucy And that's supposed to make me feel better?
0) 9) text: (realizes) Yeah, no, I mean... Sorry! I guess I meant Lennon and McCartney's Lucy! Lucy gives him a blank look. Richard hums the tune.
0) 13) text: RICHARD (CONT’D) You can see the reception from here! I won't take my eyes off you. T'll even press my nose up against the window if you want. Lucy peers inside the Imperial Hotel. Classy. Five stars. ‘And he's right, she can see the reception from where the ‘standing, outside the big plate-glass windows.
0) 14) text: ‘A mouse scampers around a trap holding a juicy chunk of ‘Back to scene: Lucy hesitates. Sighs. Lucy What's in the case?
0) 17) dialog: You mean, you get paid for this? Busted. Richard tries to laugh it of f.
0) 28) dialog: (sighs) What the... Richard! What the hell are you doing?
0) 30) dialog: (pissed of f) Richard! Richard! Hold on a second! What is this shit? Take this of f of me right now!
0) 32) text: He'll come down with the key and you'll be free to go. Lucy (firmly) Take it of fll Right now!
1) 0) text: Lucy pauses to adjust her skirt. She walks slowly across lobby, eyes darting this way and that, on the alert, but doesn't really know what she's looking out for--proof of kind of dirty trick, for sure. Richard stands outside, pressed up against the glass, moc paranoia.
1) 8) text: The gazelle is anxious. The lions creep closer. Lucy Lucy. 12.
1) 14) text: The gazelle bolts. The lions take off in pursuit. Lucy turns back to the Concierge, but she can't get a wor Lucy The... The... Police! Call the police! 14. The four men close in around her. TAO, the slender one, pushes the muzzle of his gun into h back. He talks calmly, as if parking a car. The Concierge translates for Lucy.
1) 16) text: The gazelle dodges a murderous swipe of a paw by inches. Lucy nods. She sways and her eyes roll back in her head a about to faint, but two of the goons hold her up straight Tao puts a roll of dollar bills on the counter. The Concierge takes it and ducks behind the counter. Distant sirens wail. ‘The goons talk among themselves in Chinese, grab Lucy an her toward the elevators. In the furor caused by Richard's violent death, nobody intervenes. The elevator doors close.
2) 0) text: Surrounded by the four goons, ina steel cage hurtling to ‘25th and top floor, Lucy begins to shake uncontrollably. 15. Lucy (like a child) Look, I've got nothing to do with all this... Fluid trickles down her leg. Tao notices and steps back, witha few snarky remarks in C ‘The elevator doors open.
3) 0) text: ‘The small group swooshes down the long hallway, the thic carpet muffling their steps. ‘Lucy feels like she's being walked down death row. At the far end, a sign on a door proclaims Royal Suite.
4) 0) text: ‘The curtains are drawn, blocking out all but a few shaft light. In one corner, the feet of three corpses are visible, pil top of each other. Lucy pukes. Who can blame her? ‘The goons grab her before she collapses, and drop her in Tao appears with a towel that he lobs at her for her to c herself up. 16. ‘Lucy doesn't react. She can't take her eyes off the heap ‘corpses and signs of gruesome activities taking place in ‘room next door. ‘Tao barks out some orders. ‘Agoon tugs the bedroom door closed to block out the sigh the corpses, while another begins dabbing at Lucy with th ‘towel. Lucy (stammers) T.. I haven't done anything... ‘Aman enters. Early fifties, three-piece suit, and blood ‘from his hands. With complete disregard for the carpet, a goon pours Evia water on the man's hands so he can rinse them of f. LUcy (CONT'D) (terrified) You... You speak English? No answer. The man meticulously wipes his hands and checks there are any stains on his suit.
4) 1) dialog: (in Spanish) T know a little Spanish, too... MR. WANG speaks Chinese and only Chinese. Wang quizzes Tao, who replies. The only word Lucy picks up is when Tao mentions her name
4) 2) dialog: Yes! I'm Lucy, but I haven't done anything wrong! It's Richard. (MORE)
4) 3) text: LUCY (CONT’D) He told me to deliver the case. Here... Take it, but don't feel you have to chop my hand of f. Just cut through the chain if you've lost the key. ‘They pursue their discussion in Chinese. Apparently, the ‘problem. Wang sighs and sits down. ‘He motions for Lucy to be brought over. ‘She struggles and squirms all she can. After all, nobody ‘have their hand chopped of f.
4) 4) dialog: Nol Please! I'm begging you! She's pinned to a chair facing Wang across his desk. Meanwhile, Wang makes a call and launches into another discussion in Chinese. Lucy finally begins to tire and calms down a little. ‘Wang activates the phone's loudspeaker.
4) 9) text: Mr. Wang wants to know where is Richard. She's floundering in a nightmare. ‘INSERT: ‘The mouse in the wheel, stops moving. Tears run down Lucy's cheek. Lucy But... He's dead! Outside the hotel. I thought your men had... She glances at Tao, who remains as expressionless as a lu lead. Lucy (CONT'D) I don't know anymore... I don't get it... ‘Wang stares at her, and issues a few orders and stands. ‘More goons arrive with Plexiglas shields to form a sort ‘at one end of the room. Helmets and gas masks are handed round. ‘Everybody gets kitted up. Except Lucy. Agoon puts a piece of paper in front of Lucy.
4) 10) dialog: They've put a note in front of me, with numbers on it.
4) 13) dialog: So why won't Mr. Wang open it himself?
4) 16) dialog: (tears in her eyes) Please... God... Help me... ‘She turns the fourth wheel. Nothing goes of f. ‘Except Wang, yelling impatiently.
4) 20) dialog: Icky!
4) 22) dialog: What are you going to do with me now? Kill me? Is that the plan? Now I've seen all this, you're gonna say you haven't got any choice, T suppose. It was too easy just to let me go, wasn't it? “The voice translates. ‘Wang just sits stony-faced while the goon completes his -painstaking inspection. ‘Denied a response, Lucy heaves a sigh. She watches the sweat-soaked goon raising and peering und each plastic packet. ‘Suddenly, Lucy pulls the pouches out one by one. She dep them on the table as if unpacking her groceries. Wang stares in astonishment.
4) 23) dialog: (trying to pull herself together) OK... Look... You got what you want... Can I go now?... Please? 24. | The translation takes some time, but it's worth it: for first time, Wang cracks a smile.
4) 26) dialog: A job? Agoon comes over. | Lucy looks up just in time to see his fist crunching in ‘face.
6) 0) text: Very European-style decor, kind of “rich Asian wants his own Versailles." Only the maids in traditional dresses re that we are in Asia. Lucy arrives wearing a denim skirt, flat shoes and white Definitely not dressed to kill. She is flanked by the two guards, who open a door, reveal ‘magnificent library. Mr. Wang sits cradling a glass of brandy. Two white men in designer suits are with him. Clearly not _rights activists or charity workers. ‘Lucy walks forward. | Wang smiles. This bastard looks almost happy to see her Lucy What have you done to my stomach? One of the mucky-mucks answers instead of Wang. He has an English accent that's so thick you could cut it knife. 29.
6) 4) dialog: It's... It's a packet of the powder that... that was in the case?
8) 0) text: Suddenly, the hood is ripped off. Bright, dazzling light. Straight into poor Lucy's face. 35. Change of setting. Some kind of warehouse . She's in a padded room--the kind of room where you can sc _all you like and not have to worry about upsetting the n "Set in the far wall is a large ring with a meter-length dangling from it. "Three men haul Lucy over there and handcuff her to the c ‘The three guys babble away in Chinese. The way they leer at Lucy leaves no doubt about the subje their conversation. One of them comes over and touches her hair, as if feelin quality. Lucy stiffens, but simply moves her head away from his ha Lucy Please... no... _ The second guy clasps her breast with one hand, as if t ‘melon at a market stall for ripeness. Lucy gives him a free taste of her fist witha side order handcuff chain.
8) 1) dialog: (fiery) I'm not in the mood! The goon freaks out and punches her back, in the face. Lucy falls back and he kicks her in the gut several times : Lucy's eyes nearly pop out in agony. One of the other guards grabs his buddy and hustles him o They lock and bolt the door, leaving Lucy writhing in pai _gasping for breath and clutching her stomach. 14 36. The camera closes in, closer and closer on her stomach, u the view penetrates the fibers of her bandages.
9) 0) text: The camera enters Lucy's skin like an endoscope. The view penetrates her flesh until it focuses on one of corners of the plastic packet. It looks like underwater footage of the exploration of th Titanic, The view tracks alongside the packet, until it reaches th Just like the Titanic, it’s split open. The kicking from the Chinese guard has ruptured the pouch | The dope spills out like fluid. It's like the milky way--sparkling, skipping, shifting, p blue, red... It rockets through her system, like a firewo luminescent streak lighting up her veins from the inside making the walls of the vein phosphorescent. Whenever a vein branches off in two directions, the strea powder splits up. We follow one all the way to the huge v that gives access to the heart, like a sacred entrance to temple. The fluid engulfs the heart. ‘Lucy contorts in pain, like a wriggling earthworm. After seeing what one gram of C.P.H.4 did to the Dutchman - easy to imagine the effect of one kilo. _ Her body twists into insane, completely dislocated posi ‘like a fish out of water or a garden hose gone wild. She spins round and round like a top, hitting herself all The sounds that come out of her mouth are inhuman, more l _ the grunts of a fatally wounded animal. She slithers ac floor on her back, pushes against the wall and starts sli it. Dream and reality converge. 15 37. Finally, Lucy raises herself up, lets out a bloodcurdling vand charges into the wall head first.
11) 0) text: Lucy's eyes flit wide open. Her retina changes, going thr ‘spectrum from cat to reptile to bird, before becoming hu “again. There is aglint in her eyes that we haven't seen before. ‘ Something cold, jagged, primal... Something animal. She picks herself up with no apparent pain, stares at the _of her hands, cracks her neck... _Lucy grabs a chair and sits down, back straight, palms o _ knees, eyes jet black. Lucy is a changed woman. _ She sits motionless in the corner, like a robot resetti : The door opens. _ The guard who beat her up enters, slaps a tray of food ‘the table and glances at Lucy as she sits motionless in corner. Lucy doesn't take her eyes off him. Hands on hips, the guy gazes back at her. 41. | Lucy calmly smiles at him and slowly opens her legs. _ The guy is given an unobstructed view up her denim skir ‘He smiles at her open invitation, checks there's no-one ‘hallway, locks the door and walks over. "Just incase it's a trap, he leaves the key in the lock a on the table, where Lucy can't reach it because of the ch ‘He stands in front of Lucy and slips his hand between he It's the last move he'll ever make. Lucy snaps her legs closed on his hand. The man howls.
11) 1) text: _ Like a fox when a pincer trap snaps closed on its leg. Snakelike, Lucy strikes. Wraps the chain round the guy's His neck snaps and he falls lifelessly to the floor. Lucy moves fast, as if she has it all planned out, as if guy for the first time means nothing to her. | She tears his pant legs into strips, winds them togethe them end to end and knots them into a length of homemade “rope. She picks up the chair, shatters it on the floor and ties . shaped frame of the front legs to the end of her rope. ‘It's all done in under ten seconds, with chilling compos With her makeshift grappling hook, Lucy snags one leg of _ table, which she hauls across the room. She grabs the g _ open her handcuffs and heads for the door. 17 42.
12) 0) text: ‘Lucy slinks swiftly down the empty hallway, her eyes sti :shimmering somberly. All fear has left her. 'She enters a small room, where four guards are playing | Mahjong. They immediately stop laughing and freeze, sta ‘Lucy. ‘CUT: 4 cheetahs run at full speed on the plain. A Gazell ibehind chasing the cheetahs. ‘Back to scene Lucy's in a hurry. i She wastes the first two guys at point-blank range. ‘The other two dive for cover, but Lucy skirts the table plugs the third player. ‘Despite his extreme panic-stricken state, the last guard imanaged to draw his gun. He shoots Lucy in the shoulder. She rocks back but barely grunts. Then blows him away with a bullet to the brain. Lucy lobs her empty gun onto the table, grabs the bottle ‘booze and chugs half of it down. She sits down and devou ‘half-eaten sandwiches as if she hadn't eaten for a week, ‘Her cheeks still bulging with the last of the sandwiches digs into her shoulder wound and plucks out the bullet, w ishe tosses into a glass of water. _ She picks up the glass and peers at the bullet, magnifi jrefraction effect. It fascinates her. For a second. “Wiping her hands on her t-shirt, Lucy heads over to the ‘cabinet that contains an astonishing array of weaponry. -grabs two monstrous guns and some magazines. 18 19 20 43. | Then some grenades and some Uzis. As muchas she can car She piles it all into a sports bag lying on the ground.
13) 0) text: ‘Lucy slinks down a hallway that leads to a stairwell. _ At the top of the stairs, Lucy finds herself in a kind warehouse.
14) 0) text: She ignores the workmen loading and unloading trucks. Some of them nudge their co-workers as Lucy walks past wi her sports bag and Uzis over her shoulders, but wisely no ‘tries to stop her.
15) 0) text: Lucy comes out into a small courtyard. It's dark. “Two men are chatting, probably bodyguards of Mr. Wang's. -Lucy rams the muzzle of her gun into the first ASIAN’s c Lucy You speak English?
15) 3) dialog: Take me to the hospital. ‘The driver nods meekly.
16) 2) dialog: Hold these. ‘The driver doesn't dare refuse. He grasps a grenade in e ‘hand, Lucy pulls the pins out of them.
16) 3) dialog: Wait here for me. . She hardly gives him much choice, Lucy walks away.
16) 10) dialog: Somebody dumped some real shit in my gut--a plastic bag with a kilo of powder in it. Take it out. His scrubs spattered in blood, the Surgeon has been roote _ the spot since the patient met his unfortunate end. He like a butcher. She lowers her gun.
16) 11) dialog: T'm ina hurry. Lucy looks at him like a confused child. | The doctor snaps out of it. Luckily for him.
16) 13) dialog: Just borrowing it. . She dials a number. 48. While Lucy waits for someone to pick up, the Surgeon open ‘her wound. LUCy (CONT'D) .. Mom?
16) 18) text: Tears are rolling down her cheeks. She is devastated like child who has just seen the world exploding. Lucy ..Mom?... I Feel everything.
16) 22) dialog: How much is left? 51. |The Surgeon turns and places the packet on some small sc
17) 0) text: _ Lucy comes out of the hospital, witha fresh bandage vis | beneath her t-shirt. : Lucy breathes in the cool night air. She gazes at a sol surrounded by a sea of asphalt. She isolates every sound _ she hears is the tree's laments. She also succeeds in s _ tree. She sees all its veins and the sap running throug ‘also sees its roots delving into the earth and separatin : With sweat pouring off him, the Driver still clutches t | grenades, Lucy gets in the back.
17) 1) dialog: Imperial Hotel. » The Driver motions “I've got my hands full.”
17) 2) dialog: (in Chinese) Put them between your legs. | The Driver wedges the grenades between his thighs. | The car pulls away.
17) 3) text: _ Lucy opens her bag to see what will be most useful to h ' She finds some knives. Unsheathes one of them. It's the _ knife Rambo would die for. 27 28 54. lEXT. HOTEL - NIGHT 27 ‘The car pulls up outside the Imperial Hotel. Lucy takes ‘keys. Lucy (in Chinese) Wait here, I won't be long. The Driver doesn't really have any choice. ‘Lucy marches into the hotel.
18) 0) text: | The elevator doors open again. ; Two tourists are passed out on the floor. The third tourist, the chatty one, is dripping with sweat Lucy's silencer pokes into his mouth. LUcy (to her hostage) Don't leave me. Hunched forward, hands half-raised, the man shuffles out. “They walk down the hallway and stop outside Suite 2508. - Lucy shoves her hostage toward the door and stands with back flat against the wall, gun poised.
18) 1) dialog: Go to the door and ring the bell. _ The man looks a real dork standing there in his Hawaiia
19) 0) text: ‘Lucy calmly walks through the empty suite. ' She heads for the bedroom. Enters. | Mr, Wang is there, sitting in a deep armchair with a ma - working on each hand, face pack on, two slices of cucum his eyes and iPod buds in his ears. . He is deaf to the outside world. : Lucy puts her finger to her lips. The two manicurists look anxiously at her.
19) 1) dialog: Go into the bathroom. I'll finish up here. » The manicurists get up and shut themselves in the bathr » Lucy puts her gun down next to aroll of dollar bills an up her t-shirt slightly. She has two knives tucked in the her skirt. : She whips them out in a flash, the blades swooshing thr . air, and drives them viciously into the tops of Wang's 58. The mobster screams so hard the slices of cucumber go fly He is crucified to the chair. Gripped by pain, he barely The earbuds fall out. Mozart floats faintly around the ro Wang's mouth gapes open but no sound dares to emerge.
19) 2) dialog: (mimics him) Ah! Aaah? You see? Her voice mellows, becomes almost intimate, as if relieve share her ordeal with someone. Lucy (CONT'D) Learning's always a painful process. It's like when you're little and your bones are growing. It makes you ache all over. Lucy frowns. Her somber eyes mist over.
19) 3) dialog: Can you believe that I can remember the sound of my bones growing? An inhuman sound muffled by flesh. Now it's different... Every sound is music I can understand, like a mathematical equation. Wang looks at her like a puppy dog with his front paws ca trap.
19) 4) dialog: You see, it's funny. I spent years trying to find out who I was and what I wanted to do. But the only answer I came up with was to have fun and make a mess of my life. (MORE)
19) 6) dialog: And now that I have access to the furthest reaches of my brain, and I see things clearly. I sense my humanity slipping through my fingers, and nothing seems to matter anymore. As if humanity were only a primitive stage on the road to knowledge. Understand? Mr. Wong is too busy writhing in pain. She moves closer. strokes his cheek.
19) 7) dialog: You have to learn how to get over your pain. It blocks you, it stops you from understanding. It blocks knowledge. You live in your little world of profit, fed by war, misery and chaos. You want to escape your pain by putting your burden onto others. You live without sharing, and it's centuries humans are acting like this . Don't you think it's time we share it all? Don't you want to have access to knowledge? Because right now you know nothing. She grabs a cucumber Lucy (CONT'D) Except that cucumber is good for your skin. She eats the piece of cucumber. Lucy So tell me, where are the others? The other guys carrying the drugs? 60. Wang doesn't respond, of course. He didn't understand a w of what she said and the only thing he can think about is excruciating pain. Lucy peers at him. Slowly presses her hands over his. Concentrates, She penetrates the man's skin, cuts through layers of mus and into his nervous system. In a few seconds, she has tr these information highways to his brain. She hurtles towa cortex and enters the black box of his memory. An image forms: Lucy is back in the mansion where she met the four other mules.
19) 8) text: Lucy moves around invisibly like a mobile voyeur-camera c of zooming in and out, becoming endoscopic, freeze-framin tracking around objects if necessary. Lucy explores the setting and people, as if visiting a 3- up of a kitchen on a computer. A goon checks the passport of one of the mules. Freeze-frame. We see the guy's photo and name. Lucy (reads the name) Louis Bertrand. The goon hands Louis his passport and ticket. Freeze-frame. The view slips into the pouch containing the ticket and r the time and destination. BRUSSELS 08:20.
20) 0) text: Rivulets of sweat run down the Driver's face. He's trying to insert a length of wire into the hole to r the pin of one of the grenades. His hand is shaking. When he finally succeeds, he heaves a huge sigh of relief Suddenly, Lucy jumps into the car and lobs him the keys. Lucy See? You're smarter since you met me! (in Chinese) Cmon, drive! 62. Even after deactivating the grenades, the Driver is still state of complete panic. The car drives off into Taipei.
22) 0) text: The car pulls up outside a building. Lucy jumps out with her bag. Leans toward the Driver's wi 34 63. Lucy Thanks for the ride. She lobs him a tightly tied roll of cash that she took fr Wang's room. She walks into her apartment building. Dazed, the Driver pulls away.
23) 3) dialog: (perplexed) Me too.
23) 10) dialog: (sympathetic) Caroline, I don't have a lot of time, so you must listen to me very carefully. At first you will not understand what I'm saying, you're going to reject it. Then the emotion will overwhelm you and you will start crying. Then you will start to understand. To feel what I am saying is true. You won't accept it, you'll fight it, you'll cry some more. And then you will start screaming at me. You're going to go through all this before you can accept what is true. Are you ready?
23) 12) dialog: You have to make some changes in your life. Work out, eat organic, stop partying, and you'll buy yourself a few more years. By then they'll have come up with something.
24) 13) dialog: I know no fear, pain, distress, desire, grief or love anymore... And it's a constant battle for me to stay human. So it doesn't fade away. To cling to a trace of what I was. The Professor is worried for her.
24) 15) dialog: (pensive) Time... Yes... (beat) T'll be at your door in 12 hours. She hangs up. The Professor sits totally dazed, trying to get his head what's just happened.
25) 0) text: Lucy has changed. She walks through Taipei airport. Her eye scans headlines of Chinese newspapers. She's all front pages. Wanted! Suddenly, her hair gets longer and becomes black and stra She pulls on dark glasses and dials a number on her cellp 38 74.
26) 12) text: A huge "30%" fills the screen. 76. The view enters the receiver, zips across the circuit boa then shoots up at the speed of light, through the airport and out of the satellite dish. With a bright flash, the view bounces off an orbiting sat and zings back to earth, France. Del Rio's of fice, His t Freeze-frame. The view pans around the office. The nameplate “Pierre Del Rio” on the desk. Unruly piles paperwork. A red pen. Back on Lucy. She sighs. Lucy Listen up, Pierre Del Riol First, sit down properly at that desk of yours, pick up the red pen to the right of you and take down everything I say. Pierre freezes. He glances around as if expecting to find a hidden camera filming him. Lucy starts moving again, headed for Customs. Lucy (CONT'D) There are no cameras, Pierre. Hurry up, I have no time to waste. Del Rio is shocked. His buddies are too busy cracking jokes to notice anythin He walks around his desk and sits down. Picks up the red 77.
32) 7) text: Prehistoric Lucy breaks into the same awed smile. She's sitting on a rock, at the entrance to her cave, obs the moon.
32) 9) dialog: Thank you. He walks away. Lucy raises her glass ina silent toast. Al 83.
32) 10) text: A huge "40%" fills the screen. Lucy downs the champagne in one. Heaves a sigh. There's something in her glass. She peers into it and sees she has lost a tooth. Lucy looks alarmed. She gives a little cough and spits in hand. Three more teeth nestle in her palm. Lucy feels panic overwhelming her. She stares at her hands. The veins are enormous, pulsating in sync with her heart. She touches the backs of her hands, The skin comes away, revealing the veins and flesh. Soon her fingertips disintegrate as if each cell is now independent, like a pear! necklace after the chain breaks Lucy's fingers morph into thousands of little balls float front of her. Lucy is horrified. She scrambles to unbuckle her seat belt, hauls herself up staggers to the restroom. The Cabin Manager sees her.
33) 0) text: Lucy can barely control her body. Each cell seems to have of its own. Her hands and hair are out of control. Even h start wandering across her face. She can't keep her mouth in place. Lucy tries the best she can to gather all the cells escap from her, To no avail. In fact, it only gets worse. Panic-stricken, Lucy starts screaming from her big deform mouth. Suddenly, without warning, Lucy's whole body explodes int thousands of tiny balls, which bounce of f the walls of t like a swarm of bees that has gone mad. BLACKOUT.
34) 0) text: CLOSE ona man’s hand flicking through a passport. He stops at the page with Lucy's photo on it.
35) 1) text: A huge "60%" fills the screen. Lucy sits up and scans the room around her. Lucy lies ona gurney. She has a drip attached to her arm. She looks in pretty good shape for someone who's just swallowed her second A-bomb. Lucy reaches up to touch her forehead, but handcuffs rest her. She is cuffed to the steel frame. ANURSE enters and stops in her tracks, amazed to see that Lucy is awake. She rushes out again. 86.
38) 0) text: Del Rio drives an unmarked car with a magnetic blue light “roof. Lucy sits next to him and watches Paris flash by.
38) 3) dialog: I'm in the process of becoming intelligent.
38) 8) text: | Suddenly, one in particular catches her attention. ‘Tt's a beam of red light. Lucy is focused on the telephone signals. She begins to o all the beams using the window like the screen of an iPad _ she finds the red beam. Closing in on it, the red beam ' to be made up of Chinese characters.
38) 9) dialog: May I?
40) 8) text: Lucy just stands there, with the Italian at her feet. The Chinese guy doesn't shoot. He gazes at her. And colla
40) 9) text: From inside the room, Tsui sees the goon collapse. | He closes up the attaché case with the dope in it, and | gun. | Adozen Chinese gangsters swarm into the hallway, leveli their guns at Lucy.
40) 10) text: | A huge “70%" fills the screen. She raises her hand slightly. All the goons’ guns suddenly fly up and stick to the ceil | The Chinese mobsters are dumbstruck. Their guns melt an become blackish puddles stuck to the ceiling. 96. LUcy (to Tsui) It's time for you to choose: Learn ' or die.
40) 11) text: ‘Tsui hesitates and then... screams! ‘His goons attack. Lucy dodges every blow and attack with ‘precision and calm. None of them even slows her down. Soon, the dozen gangsters are sprawled on the floor and L _stands facing Tsui, who charges at her. ‘He aims a punch at Lucy, who ducks it. | She grabs his outstretched hand and shoves him brutally | backwards. Tsui’s arm dislocates, popping grotesquely o | shoulder. _ Tsui screams in pain. Lucy takes the case from his gras
40) 12) dialog: Dying hurts but not as much as | learning. Tsui collapses in an unconscious heap. _ Lucy comes back to Del Rio, who has stuck close to the | mule. _ The poor cop looks totally confused. Lucy hands him the case.
40) 13) dialog: Open it. 97. | She hunches over the inert Italian and delves into the his belly with her nail, which has suddenly become long a ‘sharp. She pulls out a packet full of C.P.H.4. Lucy slips the packet into the case with the three other packets.
40) 14) dialog: The full set. Let's go. She closes the case and picks it up.
40) 17) dialog: (so sweet) How was it?
41) 7) dialog: With pleasure. Just then, the door opens and Lucy enters. Norman stares at her in awe. She hands Del Rio his phone. ' The cop is carrying the attaché case.
41) 13) dialog: All three. You're forgetting collective memory.
41) 23) dialog: All social systems that we have put in place are a mere sketch, a child's drawing. "One plus one makes two.” That's all we've learned. In other words, nothing! Because one plus one has never made two. There are in fact no numbers and no letters. All that's just prehistoric grunting. We have codified our existence to bring it down to human size, to make it bearable. We have ' found a scale to make us forget its unfathomable scale. / Because we don't fear what we don't know.
41) 25) dialog: Only the fetus is devoid of fear. It modifies its cells, manufactures its bones, blood and tissue. It's working on a titanic construction site that it manipulates without moving, without even existing. Devoid of fear. Then, from the moment of birth, the human being closes the doors to knowledge one by one, for self-protection.
41) 28) text: Lucy takes a deep breath and slowly lets it out. ‘The truth isn't always easy to say. Lucy Film a car driving past on a highway. Speed up the picture to infinity and eventually the car will disappear. What proof of its existence remains? Time gives legitimacy to its existence, Time, the only unit of measure. It is the proof of the existence of matter. Without time, we don't exist.
42) 0) text: The scientists are in a University lab. Del Rio dissolves the contents of the last packet of CP.H _pouch of physiological serum. The four pouches are hooke ‘drips connected to Lucy's arms. The scientists place sensors all over her body and activa swathe of monitors and apparatuses.
42) 5) dialog: Knowledge brings peace. Make sure it belongs to the whole world.
42) 12) text: ‘Suddenly, the walls of the room shoot back 100 meters! T gleams. Lucy redefines the room to her scale. The lab is sparkling, medical almost. ‘Shapes as black as night emerge from the floor. They loo ‘carbon needles, black stalagmites several meters high. T of diodes flicker, These are next-generation computers -- ‘might be inventing one hundred years from now. ‘The assembled Professors watch in awe. Lucy half-smiles, while her heartbeat seems to slow gradu When the vaive of her heart finally blows (with a deafeni Lucy springs forward a kilometer or so. She is now in the center, but still in her chair. Another clap of her heart and she springs 1,000 kilometer in Rome now. ‘Another clap and she's in New York. Suddenly, her heart stops. The picture likewise. Lucy rea and turns an imaginary page. The picture slides to the le ‘like an iPad window. The next image is the same but ona different timescale. Lucy turns more pages, generating movement before her ver eyes, like a children's book whose characters are animate the pages are turned quickly. Lucy's face lights up. She now has control of time. With a big sweep of her arm, she makes images flash past. York's skyscrapers disappear and the city reverts to how 1900, with people's clothes and carriages from another ag '- Lucy flicks quickly through the pages again. 111. New York is now no more than a swamp, home to a few India - Another leap in time and there are only dinosaurs paddl through the marches. - Another leap and we are seeing primeval forest with tot unfamiliar vegetation. Lucy takes a deep breath and gives another broad sweep of ‘arm. Everything suddenly accelerates: the Cambrian perio [torrential million-year rains passes ina few seconds. Th ‘no more than a volcano floating away in space. Lucy is fascinated by everything she sees at each stage. Earth joins thousands of other stars in movement. The journey in time takes us back to the origins. Tunnels of stars, sidereal paintings that look like the a of cells we saw right at the start of the movie. - Millions of stars fizz past, all in the same direction. - The cells are now visible. There are around a hundred o - The stars gather and converge ona single point. - Only eight cells now. | - The energy of the universe is concentrated and conden - Only four cells now. _- All the stars hurtle toward a single point. The energy _ unbearable. | - Two cells. - The whole Universe is now a phosphorescent ball. 112. L There is now... only one single cell, a single planet, single world, A same circle with different colors. - The Universe continues to shrink and disappears into a circle. An iris. A cell. Lucy is at the origin of the world, a spectator of the Bi
42) 13) text: - For several seconds, we remain in darkness, sidereal ni \picture or sound, just emptiness. - Lucy weeps tears of joy and grief. Ultimate knowledge necessarily provokes both. - CLOSE on Lucy's heart. The enormous valve is about to c again, like the massive door of a fortified castle. _~ In slow-motion, the valve slams deafeningly shut on th Her heart is about to beat again. With the next clap, the explodes once more, and her heart swells once more. - At top speed, we rewind the story, or fast-forward it, matter... The original explosion, expansion of the Universe, format Earth, its oceans, the inception of life, civilization... Ts the Universe perpetual motion? As regular as a heartbe The history of a lifetime fits into a single heartbeat? . Life stories and the history of the Universe are a sing _ seen from agreater or smaller distance? | And time is just a scale to measure the size of the sto i cur TO: 113. The camera hurtles at top speed through periods and plain toward Lucy, sitting on her chair in the middle of the la The camera arrives so fast, like a car speeding into a wa impact is so violent that Lucy disappears. Her clothes fall on the floor. She is nowhere and, most l everywhere.
42) 15) text: Ahuge "100%" fills the screen. ‘The scientists gawk, slack-jawed. They can't believe the Del Rio is baffled, Silence settles on the room. Even the computers fall silent. Everybody stares at the inanimate clothes on the floor, t ‘trace of Lucy's passage. The silence becomes oppressive. _ Suddenly, Professor Norman's phone rings, startling eve in the room, He pulls it out of his pocket. It's not a call, just a text. Signed “Lucy.” It reads: It's on Youtube. | The Professor smiles, enthralled by this proof of his | hypothesis.