5) 0) text: _ PROFESSOR NORMAN, late 40's, gives a lecture to packed _rows of students. 25.
7) 0) text: Professor Norman stands facing it's students.
21) 0) text: Professor Norman arrives back at his hotel room, a junior He removes his shoes and rubs his feet, wincing. Picks up the phone.
24) 0) text: The Professor sits at the table, holding a report in one finishing of f his lasagna with the other. The phone rings. The Professor looks surprised. He stands and goes into the small living room to answer t phone.
41) 0) text: A group of scientists sits in a large room piled high wit ‘Professor Norman is in animated conversation with a coll when his mobile rings.
41) 12) dialog: You have access to your RAM or to your hard drive? Or both?
41) 14) dialog: (skeptical) Can you give us a sample? _ Lucy looks at the Professor and materializes all the vi | coming from him. She connects up to them. 101. LUcy Your daughter Gabrielle died aged 6, run over by a car.
41) 17) dialog: i How did you manage to access all : this information? LUCy Electrical impulses. Each cell in the body emits a thousand per second. | She raises her hand and makes her fingers stretch until ‘are improbably long. | Her hand switches to three fingers, like a batrachian-- remnant of bygone DNA. The scientists are speechless. 102.
41) 18) dialog: And you can control them all? In anyone you meet? Lucy No, but I'm getting better. Every door that opens releases knowledge that allows me to open the next one.
41) 20) dialog: And... What stage are you at now? Lucy I can control matter... Ona small scale. Lucy makes a sculpture on the table rise and hover in fro “her. The sculpture begins to change, morphing into all k weird and wonderful shapes.
41) 30) dialog: And God in all of this? Lucy (sadly) When one doesn't know, it's reassuring to imagine that somebody somewhere knows. _ Awkward silence. 106.
42) 12) text: ‘Suddenly, the walls of the room shoot back 100 meters! T gleams. Lucy redefines the room to her scale. The lab is sparkling, medical almost. ‘Shapes as black as night emerge from the floor. They loo ‘carbon needles, black stalagmites several meters high. T of diodes flicker, These are next-generation computers -- ‘might be inventing one hundred years from now. ‘The assembled Professors watch in awe. Lucy half-smiles, while her heartbeat seems to slow gradu When the vaive of her heart finally blows (with a deafeni Lucy springs forward a kilometer or so. She is now in the center, but still in her chair. Another clap of her heart and she springs 1,000 kilometer in Rome now. ‘Another clap and she's in New York. Suddenly, her heart stops. The picture likewise. Lucy rea and turns an imaginary page. The picture slides to the le ‘like an iPad window. The next image is the same but ona different timescale. Lucy turns more pages, generating movement before her ver eyes, like a children's book whose characters are animate the pages are turned quickly. Lucy's face lights up. She now has control of time. With a big sweep of her arm, she makes images flash past. York's skyscrapers disappear and the city reverts to how 1900, with people's clothes and carriages from another ag '- Lucy flicks quickly through the pages again. 111. New York is now no more than a swamp, home to a few India - Another leap in time and there are only dinosaurs paddl through the marches. - Another leap and we are seeing primeval forest with tot unfamiliar vegetation. Lucy takes a deep breath and gives another broad sweep of ‘arm. Everything suddenly accelerates: the Cambrian perio [torrential million-year rains passes ina few seconds. Th ‘no more than a volcano floating away in space. Lucy is fascinated by everything she sees at each stage. Earth joins thousands of other stars in movement. The journey in time takes us back to the origins. Tunnels of stars, sidereal paintings that look like the a of cells we saw right at the start of the movie. - Millions of stars fizz past, all in the same direction. - The cells are now visible. There are around a hundred o - The stars gather and converge ona single point. - Only eight cells now. | - The energy of the universe is concentrated and conden - Only four cells now. _- All the stars hurtle toward a single point. The energy _ unbearable. | - Two cells. - The whole Universe is now a phosphorescent ball. 112. L There is now... only one single cell, a single planet, single world, A same circle with different colors. - The Universe continues to shrink and disappears into a circle. An iris. A cell. Lucy is at the origin of the world, a spectator of the Bi
42) 15) text: Ahuge "100%" fills the screen. ‘The scientists gawk, slack-jawed. They can't believe the Del Rio is baffled, Silence settles on the room. Even the computers fall silent. Everybody stares at the inanimate clothes on the floor, t ‘trace of Lucy's passage. The silence becomes oppressive. _ Suddenly, Professor Norman's phone rings, startling eve in the room, He pulls it out of his pocket. It's not a call, just a text. Signed “Lucy.” It reads: It's on Youtube. | The Professor smiles, enthralled by this proof of his | hypothesis.