5) 0) text: _ PROFESSOR NORMAN, late 40's, gives a lecture to packed _rows of students. 25.
5) 1) dialog: Tf life starts approximately a billion years ago then we will have to wait 400,000 years to see the aberration of the first nerve cells. This is where life as we know it begins. Brains in formation of only a few milligrams, there is no way to determine any sign of intelligence yet, it acts more as a reflex. One neuron, you are alive. Two neurons you're moving, and with movement that's when interesting things begin to happen.
5) 4) dialog: Animal life on earth goes back millions of years, yet most species use barely 3-5% of their brain's capacity. Rats, foxes, and crows are patently smart and organized, but it's only when you reach human beings, at the top of the animal chain, that you finally see a species using more of its cerebral capacity.
5) 7) dialog: 10% seems very little, but is really quite a lot when you look at all we've done with it.
5) 9) dialog: Despite all these wonderful inventions and undisputable ingenuity we are prisoners of the natural selection so dear to Darwin - - adapt to one’s environment or die. Now let's discuss a special case -- the only living being that uses its brain better than us. The dolphin. _Agiant photo of a dolphin appears on the screen behind t Professor. -A student nudges his pretty neighbor and flashes the dol ‘tattoo on his shoulder. 27.
5) 10) dialog: My dear Jean, it will take more than a tattoo for you to be its equal. More laughter in the hall. Jean smiles sheepishly.
5) 11) dialog: It is estimated that this exceptional animal with its permanent and beautiful smile uses up to 20% of its cerebral capacity. In particular, this allows it to have an echolocation system that is far more efficient than any sonar invented by mankind, but the dolphin didn't "invent" the sonar, it “developed” it naturally, and this is the crucial part of our philosophical reflection that we have today. Can we therefore conclude, that humans are concerned with "having" rather than “being,” and in fact “invent” only what they would be capable of developing naturally if they took the time and, of course, if they used their brains a little better.
6) 12) dialog: For primitive beings like us, life seems to have in reality one single purpose: To go through time.
7) 0) text: Professor Norman stands facing it's students.
7) 1) dialog: Going through time seems to be the only real purpose of each of our cells.To achieve that aim, the mass of cells that makes up the earthworm and the human being has only two solutions: to be immortal or to reproduce. _Aslide flashes up with two words in caps: 'IMMORTALITY/REPRODUCTION.
7) 2) dialog: Tf its habitat is not sufficiently favorable or nurturing...
7) 4) dialog: . the cell will opt for immortality, in other words self-sufficiency and self-management. 33. Image of an autonomous cell.
7) 5) dialog: It will develop a perfect system of consumption and recycling of all it has. Such is the case of carcinogenic cells, for example. They are cells that consider their environment -- the body that houses them -- to be insufficiently propitious. Thus, they change their way of functioning. On the other hand, if the habitat is favorable...
7) 7) dialog: .. the cell will choose to reproduce.
7) 9) dialog: When it dies, the cell passes on essential information to another cell, which passes it on to another, and so on...
7) 11) dialog: In this way, knowledge and learning are passed down... through time.
7) 13) dialog: Millions of our cells die every day, to the extent that none of the cells that constitute our beings now were present on the day of our birth. So the body of our childhood is no longer there, but the spirit remains. And that reveals the full complexity of our existence: our body accepts dying a little bit every day, while our spirit doesn't, and is afraid of only one thing: death. BLACKOUT. We hear Lucy's breathing. Hard and fast. Like her heartbe Fear in her belly. Gradually, we sense a little more light. |The sound of an engine. The city. Through the thick weave of the hood into Lucy's private s Her eye. Her mouth. Mumbling to herself. Lucy .. Lucy... Keep calm. You have to wait, play for time. You'll have time to think it through on the plane. Yes, that's right. Take that flight. Get out of here. Don't try anything yet. Keep your cool. You're alive, that's all that matters. Wait... Wait... Wait...
9) 3) dialog: Let's imagine for a few moments what our life would be like if we had access to, let's say, 20% of our brain's capacity. A huge "20%" fills the screen.
10) 1) dialog: If we went down the same road as the dolphin, we would be able to localize objects from a distance, and receive and analyze a much broader spectrum of electric impulses. This first stage would in fact give us access to and control over our own body. Black & white archive footage of a fakir meditating on a “nails.
10) 2) dialog: Managing our oxygen consumption, controlling enzymes, globules, heartbeat, moods... (MORE)
10) 4) dialog: We might even be able to order our body to prioritize repairs of this or that damaged organ. _ Images of sonars, cells and fluids flash up behind the _ The students are entranced yet skeptical. One raises hi Norman nods to him.
10) 6) dialog: For the moment, it is just a hypotheses. I confess, there's nothing very scientific about it. We are just a group of nerds playing with old theories, but if you think about it, it is very disturbing that the Greeks, the Egyptians, and the Indians, have already some notions of cells many centuries before we invented the microscope, and what to say about Darwin who everyone was taking for a fool when he first presents his theory of evolution. It is up to us to push the rules and laws and to go from evolution to revolution. The young audience is smiling
10) 7) dialog: One hundred billion neurons per human being, of which only 15% are activated. There are more connections in our bodies than there are stars in the galaxy. (HORE oy 39. PROFESSOR NORMAN (CONT’D) We possess a gigantic information network, to which we have practically no access. Insert: The colored picture of the entire galaxy. The students are perplexed.
10) 9) dialog: The next stage would probably be controlling other people.
10) 11) dialog: But for that we'd need to have at our disposal at least 40-50% of our cerebral capacity. After control of oneself and control of others, next up, probably, would be controlling matter, but now we're entering the realm of science- fiction.
10) 13) dialog: Nonetheless, it's the logical next stage, requiring access to at least 70-80% of cerebral capacity. 16 40.
10) 15) dialog: 100%? I'd rather not imagine... : BLACKOUT.
21) 0) text: Professor Norman arrives back at his hotel room, a junior He removes his shoes and rubs his feet, wincing. Picks up the phone.
21) 2) dialog: Good evening, Nicole.
21) 4) dialog: No, I think I'll have the lasagna tonight. For a change. With a glass of white wine like the one you dug out for me last night.
21) 6) dialog: Take your time.
24) 1) dialog: Yes? INT. LUCy’S APARTMENT - DAY 36 Lucy sits at the laptop, She has an earpiece in. Lucy Professor Norman.? My name’s Lucy. T've just read all your research on the human brain. We need to meet. 70.
24) 2) dialog: (smiles) All my research? I'm flattered, young lady, but I find you a little presumptuous. I must have written no less than -- LUCy 6,734 pages. I can recite them to you by heart, if you wish, The Professor smiles and sits ina chair.
24) 3) dialog: Who is this? Are youa friend of Emily's? This sounds like one of her silly little jokes. Is she with you? The TV in the living room switches on all by itself. Lucy's face, filmed by the laptop's webcam, appears. LUCy No, I'm all on my own. The Professor is stunned.
24) 4) dialog: Who are you? Lucy I just told you.
24) 5) dialog: Yes, Lucy, sorry... Lucy I've read your theory on the use of the brain’ ity. e brain's capacity 71. Lucy (CONT'D) It's a little rudimentary but you're on the right track.
24) 6) dialog: (dumbstruck) Thank you. Lucy Look, I don't have much time. My cells are reproducing at a phenomenal speed. Several million per minute. I'm still having trouble precisely evaluating the time of my death, but I doubt I'll hold out more than 48 hours.
24) 7) dialog: (confused) What are you talking about? I... I'm not sure I follow you. Lucy Due to a convergence of circumstances beyond my control, I absorbed a substance that gives me access to 28% of my cerebral capacity, and counting. I've gained 5% in the last three hours because once you reach 20%, you have enough capacity to open up the rest. There are no more obstacles. They fall one after the other, like dominos. I'm colonizing my brain minute by minute. The knowledge that's in me explodes every second... There's ahint of sadness in Lucy's voice. Regret. The Professor is simultaneously concerned and fascinated. 72.
24) 8) dialog: Look, I... I don't know what to say... I've been working on this theory for twenty years, but it's only ever been hypotheses and research ideas. I never thought... I mean... That one day somebody... You have control of your body? LUCy Yes. And I'm starting to control other people's bodies. I can also control electric and magnetic waves. Not all of them, just the most basic--radio, TV, telephone...
24) 9) dialog: (awed) That's amazing. Lucy What amazes me is that we've lived for so long in such ignorance.
24) 10) dialog: You can feel... everything? LUcy (hint of sadness) Yes.
24) 11) dialog: That must be unbearable. Tears run down Lucy's cheeks. She takes one and studies i Lucy Yes. (beat) (MORE)
24) 14) dialog: If you don't want to lose everything, you have to pass it on. All this astonishing knowledge, all this learning you are acquiring can help others, the whole of humanity. You have to pass on your knowledge, like a simple cell would to keep going through time.
41) 0) text: A group of scientists sits in a large room piled high wit ‘Professor Norman is in animated conversation with a coll when his mobile rings.
41) 1) dialog: Hello? Lucy (0.S.) Lucy. ‘Norman gestures excitedly to his colleagues.
41) 2) dialog: (his hand over the receiver) It's her! It's her! (to Lucy) You... You're in Paris? Lucy (0.5.) Yes. I was a little delayed. Please forgive me.
41) 3) dialog: No, no! No problem! Look, I'm not at the hotel. (MORE)
41) 5) dialog: I'm at the University, where I took the liberty of calling together a few colleagues to discuss your case. Top men in the field. Completely trustworthy. Lucy (0.S.) Good thinking.
41) 6) dialog: Do you... Do you think you could join us here at the University?
41) 8) dialog: (mesmerized) It's a pleasure to meet you. Lucy Likewise. (motions to Del Rio) Pierre Del Rio, my lover. Now Del Rio blushes.
41) 9) dialog: Oh? Nice to meet you. Let me introduce my colleagues. First, Professor Cantié, a neurosurgeon who -- Lucy I know everybody. Lucy has no time to lose.
41) 10) dialog: Oh, yes. Of course! Gentlemen, this is Lucy, the first woman to... I mean... Aconfused murmur from his colleagues.
41) 11) dialog: (to the scientists) As I mentioned earlier, Miss Lucy, for reasons that remain a mystery to me, has unlocked certain parts of her brain, offering her access, apparently, to previously unexplored cerebral zones. Silence. The scientists are perplexed.
41) 19) dialog: (remembers the lesson) Like dominoes.
41) 21) dialog: (to himself) Breathtaking! Lucy Yes, but I have to devote a lot of my energy to slowing it all down.
41) 22) dialog: Why slow it down? | Lucy To protect the humanity within me. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to communicate with you anymore, just like you can no longer communicate with plants or animals. The gap is too wide. The professors are speechless, Del Rio is lost.
41) 24) dialog: (realizes) Are you saying that “Fear" stops us from going further? Lucy Yes, it's a self-defense mechanism. Lucy watch a screen, and images of a foetus growing appea 104.
41) 26) dialog: (nods) Like a frightened horse who can only walk with blinders on its eyes. Lucy Forget fear and you will have unlimited access to all things, for every cell knows and talks to every other cell. They form a gigantic web of communication, which in turn forms matter. Cells group together, taking one form, deforming, reforming... makes no difference. Humans consider themselves “unique,” so they have rooted the whole theory of their existence in this uniqueness. Their whole world and their mathematical languages are a function of themselves. "One" is their unit of measure. But it's not. Life doesn't like uniqueness.
41) 27) dialog: But if humans are not the unit of measure, if the world isn't governed by mathematical laws, what governs all that?
41) 29) dialog: (fascinated; to himself) Time is unity. Lucy Every single thing dematerializes then connects back up, forming a whole. Single, indivisible and eternal. 105. | The scientists are in shock. Torn between bewilderment fascination. Between the real and the divine.
41) 31) dialog: Lucy... What do you intend to do with all this knowledge? LUcy Pass it on . Like a humble cell that would strive to keep going through time. Norman smiles, delighted to have been heard. Del Rio looks at Lucy. His cop instinct tells him he's about to lose her.
42) 1) dialog: (slightly harassed) Okay, we're ready, I think. Lucy Good. 107.
42) 2) dialog: (anxious) Are you sure you still need such huge doses? You said that the doors to knowledge were opening one after the other. Lucy The humanity inside me will resist and defend my body to the very end. To attain the last few percent, T have to force it--crack cells open to their nucleus.
42) 3) dialog: Oh? And then? LUCy Then I'll stock pile all my knowledge. Most likely it'll take you a few decades to decipher it all. It'll keep you busy. The Professor smiles. But he soon becomes serious again.
42) 4) dialog: Lucy... All this knowledge... It will be awonderful gift that you are giving humanity.
42) 6) dialog: (awkwardly) I'll try. I'm not sure those who govern us will put it to good use or resist the lure of profit. 108. LUcy (amused) T'll put it all away ina safe place.
42) 7) dialog: That sounds sensible but, in that case, how will I ever know where you've stored it all? LUcy T'll let you know. They share a smile.
42) 8) dialog: I know this probably doesn't mean much to you anymore but... You're a beautiful person, Lucy, and it’s been a pleasure getting to know you. Lucy Thank you. Del Rio shyly comes over to Lucy
42) 15) text: Ahuge "100%" fills the screen. ‘The scientists gawk, slack-jawed. They can't believe the Del Rio is baffled, Silence settles on the room. Even the computers fall silent. Everybody stares at the inanimate clothes on the floor, t ‘trace of Lucy's passage. The silence becomes oppressive. _ Suddenly, Professor Norman's phone rings, startling eve in the room, He pulls it out of his pocket. It's not a call, just a text. Signed “Lucy.” It reads: It's on Youtube. | The Professor smiles, enthralled by this proof of his | hypothesis.