0) 0) text: The first ray of the sun's light streams between the buil of Taipei, touching the face of LUCY, 25. Last night's ma caked on her skin. She has been up all night. She wears a tight leopard print miniskirt, and is trying her jacket on her bare shoulders. RICHARD, 28, is standin next to her in vintage ray bans and a Bono-style Stetson. Lucy takes a sip of her coffee from a Taiwanese Starbuck
0) 1) dialog: Lucy, it's easy as pie. In, out, all done and dusted, Lucy So, why don't you do it yourself?
0) 2) dialog: (syrupy) For fun, that's all! The last thing the guy is expecting is a total 10 turning up to deliver his case. It will blow his mind. Cmon! She takes another sip of coffee, turning her face to the Lucy What's in it?
0) 3) dialog: (shrugs) Sweetheart! Don't get paranoid on me! It's fifty feet! And I'm right here! You trust me, don't you?
0) 6) dialog: Hey, Lucy, Lucy!!! What are you doing?? Lucy I have exams on Monday, Richard. So I'm gonna take a shower and work!
0) 7) dialog: Hey, you know the other day, somebody dragged me to an exhibit ion--something about dinosaurs--and the first ever prehistoric woman was right there. Know what? Her name was Lucy.
0) 8) text: The real prehistoric Lucy sits half-naked, gazing blankly camera. Back to scene: Miniskirt Lucy stares at Richard. Lucy And that's supposed to make me feel better?
0) 9) text: (realizes) Yeah, no, I mean... Sorry! I guess I meant Lennon and McCartney's Lucy! Lucy gives him a blank look. Richard hums the tune.
0) 10) dialog: (sings) Lucy in the sky with dia-a-a-monds! Lucy rolls her eyes. LUCy T'll call you this week. She's ready to go. Richard grabs her again by the arm. On edge.
0) 11) dialog: Lucy! Look, I can't deliver the case myself. I had a little falling-out with the guy. Nothing major but... If we run into each other now, it's gonna be a bit tense and who needs that right now? If it’s you, problem's solved. He takes the case, end of story. Lucy sighs.
0) 12) dialog: It'll take twenty seconds. You walk in there, go up to reception and ask for Mr. Wang. He comes down, takes the case, you flash him your prettiest smile and bounce. Look! (MORE)
0) 13) text: RICHARD (CONT’D) You can see the reception from here! I won't take my eyes off you. T'll even press my nose up against the window if you want. Lucy peers inside the Imperial Hotel. Classy. Five stars. ‘And he's right, she can see the reception from where the ‘standing, outside the big plate-glass windows.
0) 15) dialog: Paperwork. Lucy Let's see.
0) 16) dialog: Tt's locked and only Mr. Wang has the code. I’m just the delivery boy. Lucy glances at the handcuff dangling from the case handl
0) 18) dialog: Yeah... Kind of. Lucy How much?
0) 19) dialog: (chuckles feebly) Oh? We're negotiating now? Lucy No, I'm just curious how much you get paid. Go on... How much?
0) 20) dialog: (hesitates) ..A thousand. Dollars. Lucy A thousand dollars? For delivering paperwork?
0) 21) dialog: Babe! T don't know! From time to time, I get given a case andI deliver it toa hotel, period. It takes me ten minutes and they pay me agrand. The rest is none of my business. Lucy (nervous smile) You say you're gonna give me a ride home,and in fact you want me to work for youl
0) 22) dialog: How's this? We split it down the middle. Five hundred for you. Five hundred for me. Lucy Richard, seriously. There's something fishy going on here. You should be careful. ‘She kisses him on the cheek and sets of f. Richard catches her by the arm.
0) 23) dialog: (irritated) Listen, it's the third time this week I'm showing up in the same hotel with the same cowboy hat. They gotta be suspicious. Lucy grabs his Stetson and puts it on. Lucy Problem solved.
0) 24) dialog: Lucy, Honey! I've done this a dozen times! It's paperwork!
0) 25) dialog: Probably some designs they've swiped so they can copy them. That's how it works in this country. Even my Stetson was made here! Look! It says so on the label. Lucy glances inside the hat. The label reads Made iin Tai She slips it back on his head. Lucy So long, cowboy witha fake Stetson! She smiles, turns and walks away, really going this time Richard grabs her by the wrist.
0) 26) dialog: Baby, please... Lucy T gotta go. Ina flash, Richard slips the handcuff from the case handl around her wrist.
0) 29) dialog: (smiles) Sorry. I really need your help. He heads toward the hotel entrance. Lucy is forced to tag along.
0) 31) dialog: (serious) I don't have the key. Mr. Wang has it. All you have to do is go into the hotel and ask for him at the reception desk. (MORE)
0) 33) dialog: Look, I'm sorry. I really have no choice. I'll be watching you all the way. The sooner you go, the sooner you'll be back. LUCy T can't believe you did this to me.
0) 34) dialog: I won't move from here. You have my word. Lucy Your word isn't worth shit! Richard counts out five hundred dollars and wedges the bi cleavage.
0) 35) dialog: It's worth five hundred bucks, at least! And the money up front! Buy yourself areal Stetson with it. He grabs his hat back and puts it on. Lucy glances around. The street looks normal, the hotel is reassuringly quiet. 10. LUCcy (cold) You're an asshole!
0) 36) dialog: (warm) You're wonderfull 'She sighs and heads for the hotel entrance.
1) 0) text: Lucy pauses to adjust her skirt. She walks slowly across lobby, eyes darting this way and that, on the alert, but doesn't really know what she's looking out for--proof of kind of dirty trick, for sure. Richard stands outside, pressed up against the glass, moc paranoia.
1) 16) text: The gazelle dodges a murderous swipe of a paw by inches. Lucy nods. She sways and her eyes roll back in her head a about to faint, but two of the goons hold her up straight Tao puts a roll of dollar bills on the counter. The Concierge takes it and ducks behind the counter. Distant sirens wail. ‘The goons talk among themselves in Chinese, grab Lucy an her toward the elevators. In the furor caused by Richard's violent death, nobody intervenes. The elevator doors close.
4) 9) text: Mr. Wang wants to know where is Richard. She's floundering in a nightmare. ‘INSERT: ‘The mouse in the wheel, stops moving. Tears run down Lucy's cheek. Lucy But... He's dead! Outside the hotel. I thought your men had... She glances at Tao, who remains as expressionless as a lu lead. Lucy (CONT'D) I don't know anymore... I don't get it... ‘Wang stares at her, and issues a few orders and stands. ‘More goons arrive with Plexiglas shields to form a sort ‘at one end of the room. Helmets and gas masks are handed round. ‘Everybody gets kitted up. Except Lucy. Agoon puts a piece of paper in front of Lucy.