6) 1) dialog: (smiles) It's just a little horizontal slit. But it's very well done. You'll see, ina month the scar will be practically invisible. You'll be able to show your tummy off on Miami Beach next summer. Lucy It's not the scar that worries me --
6) 2) dialog: It's why we opened you up? ' Lucy nods apprehensively. The Limey smiles, like a white shark.
6) 3) dialog: Rest assured, we didn't harvest any of your organs. We merely slipped a small packet into your lower tummy. Tt will be removed as soon as you arrive in Los Angeles.
6) 5) dialog: Smart Girl. | Flash: Lucy sees the Dutchman from the earlier scene tw _ and convulsing. - Back to: Lucy looks about to faint. A bodyguard stops h 30.
6) 6) dialog: CP.H.4, A prototype, for what we believe will be the next big thing in recreational drug use. Lucy's just grasped what her new job is: drugs mule. | Wang waves his hand. Lucy is led next door. il UINT. LIVING ROOM ll Lucy is marched to the far end of the room, next to four Two of them have no shirts on, revealing bulky bandages o their stomachs. ‘Lucy does the math: five packets in the case, five mules A Chinese gangster hands out passports and plane tickets.
6) 7) dialog: (typically British politeness) Good morning to you, gentlemen and lady. First of all, many thanks for taking part in this experiment, which I'm sure will go of f flawlessly. These passports and tickets will enable you to return home within the next twenty-four hours. Upon arrival, you will be taken in hand by our people, so that we might recover our merchandise and you might rediscover the freedom you so richly deserve. (MORE)
6) 9) dialog: I'm sure I don't need to remind you that if you are apprehended by the police, you run the risk of up to ten years in prison. As for those of you who may be tempted to warn or hand themselves in to the authorities, may I point out we have the names and addresses of the families of every one of you, down to the most distant cousins. Therefore, we rely on your complete discretion. ‘Lucy looks at her comrades in misfortune as if they were already dead.
6) 10) dialog: But enough of my speedy lying. Gentlemen, lady... allow me to wish you “bon voyage!" The guards rush over and pull hoods over the guinea pigs’ The Limey is intrigued by Lucy and moves closer, standing facing her, an amused smile flirting across his lips. Lucy You're gonna kill thousands of people with this shit!
6) 11) dialog: (smiles) We all have to die sometime, darling, but before death, there will be pleasure! No more grief, no more pain. For a few brief moments, the sense of being king of the world, of being immortal. And forgetting the crappy one they live in, 32. ‘Lucy is the last of the mules to be hooded. ‘BLACKOUT.