0) 18) text: You are a nice young man, Peter, but you are not dependable. This is the last chance I can give you. You must cross forty-two blocks in seven and one half minutes. Or your ass is to be fired. Peter checks the big Mineo's clock. It's 5:44.
25) 3) dialog: You're under arrest. The GROCER comes running over. A bloody patch on his uppe arm. Picks up the bag of money. Screams at the young men.
31) 0) text: 3 AM. Deserted. Peter sits in a plastic chair, reading a thick tome entitled Biomolecular Chemistry. 40. A pile of similar tomes beside him. Makes a note in a notebook. A YOUNG MAN enters, carrying a laundry sack. Sees Peter sitting there. Peter doesn't look up. The man goes over t a machine. Spider sense TINGLES. Peter looks up as in slow motion th man walks, KEYRING JINGLING, CHANGE in his pocket, earpho THROBBING in his ears. Slowly the fingers reach for the lid of the machine.
31) 3) dialog: Okay, mister. Take it easy. He shoulders the bag and hurries out.
31) 4) dialog: The yellow light's flashing. Peter waits a moment, then runs over to the machine. The OUT OF BALANCE light is blinking. Peter lifts the lid Pulls out the red and blue suit, soaking wet.
59) 0) text: A HOMELESS MAN watches Peter walk away from the drum. He tacks a little unsteadily across the lot toward the dr
60) 4) dialog: You don't got to be rude, bitch. Peter, sweating. His fingers flex. His lips narrow. His e meet the second man's. The train pulls screeching into the station. The doors op and the girl slips out. The men stand up as if to follow then sit back down. They laugh. One of them flips Peter off. Peter looks away.
61) 0) text: The homeless man stands across the desk from JJJ. Carryin the charred husk of the suitcase.
61) 2) dialog: No, sir.
61) 5) dialog: This guy left it in the garbage. Out in New Lots. First he tried to set it on fire.
61) 9) dialog: Uh, mister...
61) 11) dialog: Mr. Jameson, please, I'm hungry. JJJ haggles, but his heart's not in it. He's staring fixe at the Spidey suit.
61) 13) dialog: A hundred.
85) 13) dialog: Mr. Osborn! Are you all right?