59) 0) text: Annabelle watches Ramona use a tiny pair of scissors to c the string off a tampon.
59) 2) dialog: How d’you learn to do that? 42.
59) 4) dialog: My brothers don’t talk to me anymore. I told my mom and dad I worked here and they kicked me out of the house. Ramona looks at Annabelle’s innocent face, plays with her hair.
61) 0) text: And into the bars. We PAN OVER to find Ramona, Mercedes a Annabelle seated at one of the outdoor bars, sizing them
61) 8) dialog: Oh I don’t know... Annabelle rubs Spencer’s arm. Mercedes touches his leg.
67) 0) text: Annabelle sits in a form-fitting dress at the bar, sizing a GOOD-LOOKING GUY in a nice suit. He turns, smiles at he She looks down at his shitty shoes. She sighs and turns a
70) 0) text: Ramona, Mercedes and Annabelle sit together, defeated. 46.
70) 1) dialog: ... what do we do now?
70) 3) dialog: I can’t move back home.
70) 6) dialog: Are you serious?
70) 8) dialog: What if someone gets hurt?
70) 12) dialog: I think I’m gonna throw up.
70) 15) dialog: Did she get caught?
74) 0) text: Ramona shuts the curtain behind them. The girls drop the on the couch. He bounces off the couch onto the floor. Annabelle grabs a bucket of champagne and throws up in it
74) 1) dialog: I'm sorry...
76) 2) dialog: We don’t have to go back, do we?
76) 10) dialog: You guys really are my sisters. Annabelle gives Destiny a “big sis” kiss on the cheek. Destiny beams, wrapping her arms around her “little sis”. Mercedes wraps her arms around both of them. Ramona hugs all.
78) 0) text: Annabelle sits too close to DAVID (40s). (We remember him the WALL STREET GUY from the club. Mr. Lucy Liu.) Just th Mercedes, Ramona, and Destiny roll up to the bar.
79) 1) dialog: These are my sisters! The girls surround Guy #2, touching, distracting Guy #3, handing a drink to Guy #4, Guy #5 takes a sip... CLOSE on the powder dissolving in their drinks... CLOSE on their hands clinking glasses...
82) 0) text: Mercedes shakes hands with a HIGH-POWERED LAWYER for Drag INT. ANNABELLE’S BROOKLYN APARTMENT - DAY Annabelle rearranges furniture in her own place. She sits her couch with her CAT, looks around, happy, independent.
84) 0) text: Annabelle and Mercedes try on expensive dresses.
85) 0) text: Annabelle sits next to a HANDSY MAN (40s).
85) 1) dialog: An architect. Whoa. No wonder you got such nice hands.
85) 4) dialog: Owwwhhh...hang on...my sisters should be here any minute... Annabelle tries to keep his hands at bay...
90) 0) text: Georgia and Trixie dance for the Stockbroker who gave Des three twenties. Just when they think he’s gonna pass out, rises to his feet and dances with them. The girls look at each other. Georgia uses her inhaler. Angel and Annabelle dance for the Alpha, waiting for him pass out. When he finally does, they play with Mr. Bruce. Crystal and Mercedes are whispering in the Corporate Raid ear. He looks like a baby in their arms.
94) 0) text: Ramona and Destiny sit around the Christmas tree with the daughters and employees, Mom, Annabelle and Mercedes, and Manuela and her two daughters, all opening gifts. Destiny grandmother among them. Full house. Destiny’s grandmother opens a blue jewelry box and gasps. 63. DESTINY’S GRANDMOTHER Oh, Dorothy. What have you done?
96) 0) text: End of the meal. Annabelle clears the table. Ramona is holding court, mid-story. Everyone’s listening, captivate
108) 15) dialog: Oh no no no no...
108) 17) dialog: I'm sorry...
132) 0) text: We see Annabelle with the handsy architect.
132) 1) dialog: An architect. Whoa.
134) 1) dialog: Peter, these are my sisters! We PUSH in on Annabelle as she looks up at Ramona, Destin and Mercedes coming to the rescue.
139) 1) text: INT. ANNABELLE’S APARTMENT —- MORNING Annabelle feeds her cat, then sits with a cup of tea, in pajamas. Her cell buzzes. It’s a TEXT from Destiny: Run. There’s a KNOCK at the door. Annabelle looks up. Then bur from her seat. Grabs her cat. The door is kicked in. Annabelle tries to climb out the fire escape but the COPS grab her. The cat jumps out of her arms. Annabelle throws
139) 2) dialog: Oh God, I’m sorry... The cops put her in hand-cuffs, trying to avoid the vomit EXT. DESTINY’S HOUSE - MORNING We follow the back of Destiny’s head as she walks out her front door, hands in the air, surrendering. EXT. DESTINY’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER They put her in the back of a car. She sees Lily in the neighbor's arms, watching her. Destiny tries to look stro
140) 0) text: Destiny joins Ramona, Mercedes and Annabelle. They’re lik different exotic birds chirping in a cage. Annabelle is crying, vomit on her shirt. The detective steps up.