5) 4) dialog: Back off, bitch! Destiny stumbles, looks back at Diamond waving her off. INT. MOVES - MANAGER’S OFFICE - LATER End of the night. The young manager sits behind a desk wi calculator and various stacks of money.
14) 0) text: Ramona introduces Destiny to Diamond.
14) 2) dialog: Boogie Down heyyyyyy-
15) 0) text: Ramona and Diamond show Destiny how to give a lap-dance. Destiny straddles Diamond.
15) 2) dialog: Throw your hair around. Guys like it when you throw your hair around. Destiny throw her hair around.
15) 3) dialog: Yeah that’s it. 13.
15) 5) dialog: But you gotta slow that shit down. Diamond sits on Ramona and shows Destiny how it’s done.
15) 6) dialog: Let me tell you something...some motherfucker’s saying shit to you, being a racist piece a shit, you take your fucking time with him. Your time is his money. You slow. That shit. Down. You a motherfuckin’ sloth. Drain the clock, not the cock. The girls crack up laughing.
16) 23) dialog: Of course he did. Guys think they wanna date a stripper until they realize we work 6 nights a week, and on our one night off, the last thing we wanna do is look at their fucking dicks. Destiny laughs. The other girls chime in, in agreement.
16) 28) dialog: You wanna meet my boyfriend? Diamond pulls a VIBRATOR out of her purse. The others lau
16) 29) dialog: He doesn’t get jealous. He’s not aggressive, unless I want him to be. And he never lets me down.
16) 31) dialog: Well...you can’t have everything. 16. Mom comes in with a HOMEMADE CAKE, GET $ in frosting.
37) 0) text: On the floor, Destiny, Ramona, Diamond, Mercedes, Justice Tracy, Star, and Jackie are all hustling the guys. The gu are making it rain. The girls are securing the bag. Stephen puts a diamond necklace around Destiny’s neck. Tracy gently talks down her BOYFRIEND. She kisses him and sends him on his way. Then gets back to work.
38) 0) text: Diamond yells at one of the managers. He can’t get a word
38) 1) dialog: I’m telling you right now, Carmen, you fuck with my money, I’m gonna fuck with your whole life. You hear me? What the fuck do you do here anyway? I know what the bouncers and the waitresses and the DJ's doing, what the fuck do you do? (walking away, still shouting) Get the fucking stage fixed.