16) 10) dialog: She's playing a song for Jackie's new titties.
16) 15) dialog: Nice to meet you. Ramona sits next to Diamond, Destiny sits next to her, in middle of the group. Justice comes in off the floor.
16) 19) dialog: What’s wrong with Rodrigo?
37) 0) text: On the floor, Destiny, Ramona, Diamond, Mercedes, Justice Tracy, Star, and Jackie are all hustling the guys. The gu are making it rain. The girls are securing the bag. Stephen puts a diamond necklace around Destiny’s neck. Tracy gently talks down her BOYFRIEND. She kisses him and sends him on his way. Then gets back to work.
51) 0) text: Destiny walks out of the bathroom, still shaken. Flo Rida “Club Can’t Handle Me” is playing too loud. Destiny looks around, lost, when she catches sight of a familiar face - EVERYTHING SLOWS -- Ramona. Button-down shirt, pencil ski She’s now rolling with Mercedes and a PETITE GIRL (18). T three of them corral a SHIT-FACED GUY toward the Champagn Room. Ramona spots Destiny. They lock eyes. Like long lost sist with a secret. Ramona takes a few steps in Destiny’s direction. Destiny does the same. They cross the room to other, meet in the middle, face-to-face. Ramona smiles an holds out her arms. Destiny practically collapses into th
55) 0) text: Ramona's working retail, folding clothes at the back of t store with Mercedes.
55) 2) dialog: «+. I can’t believe he got arrested. Like now what am I supposed to do? How am I supposed to pay for lawyers when I can’t even afford his half of the rent? (MORE )
55) 4) dialog: It’s like...enough to make me call off the wedding.
55) 6) dialog: I don’t know. I mean...three-to- five is a big commitment. A RESERVED WOMAN (50s) comes out of the dressing room.
61) 0) text: And into the bars. We PAN OVER to find Ramona, Mercedes a Annabelle seated at one of the outdoor bars, sizing them
61) 5) dialog: Spencer, these are my co-workers! The girls all surround Spencer, touching him, passing aro shots, pretending to drink them, passing around coke, pretending to sniff it. Spencer really does the shots. Spencer really sniffs the coke.
61) 7) dialog: Let’s go to a strip club!
63) 0) text: Mercedes holds up an empty vodka bottle.
63) 1) dialog: Another round? Spencer hands over his credit card.
68) 0) text: The girls try the same thing on a STRAIGHT-LACED MAN (40s Mercedes holds up shots. He shakes his head.
70) 0) text: Ramona, Mercedes and Annabelle sit together, defeated. 46.
70) 2) dialog: I’m supposed to meet a new lawyer for Dragon. I can’t fucking afford him now. Annabelle starts crying.
70) 4) dialog: Guess it’s back to the pole. Ramona looks at them, the wheels turning.
70) 10) dialog: What if they go to the cops?
70) 14) dialog: .+. I know a girl from Queens who did this.
70) 16) dialog: Nah. She sent her two kids to college. Now she lives in Miami. Started her own nail salon. The girls look at each other.
72) 0) text: Mercedes sits close with a SHORT GUY (30s, tailored suit.
72) 3) dialog: Oh I guess it is. That’s a shame... She crosses her legs. He tries to look up her skirt.
72) 5) dialog: Mmmmm...let’s have one more. She flags down the bartender for one more round. Just the Annabelle, Destiny and Ramona join them.
72) 6) dialog: Hey, these are my sisters! The girls surround him, making introductions, touching hi all over, hands everywhere. Ramona gets them all drinks, giving the bartender a huuuge tip. She reaches in her bag Mercedes gets the short guy’s attention, distracting him while Ramona goes for his drink. The guy turns, about to when Annabelle steps in front of him, blocking his view w her angelic face. Destiny goes to rub his shoulders. Ramo takes a tiny vile out of her bag and taps it against his glass. The powder drops in his drink. Just a sprinkle.
74) 3) dialog: You okay? Mercedes goes to help Annabelle. Destiny and Ramona drag guy back up on the couch.
76) 1) dialog: ... no, the worst guys are the ones that put condoms on in the bathroom ahead of time. Then you know you gotta grind it out. Mercedes steps over Annabelle, gives her a lap-dance. Annabelle laughs.
76) 5) dialog: I think I’m gonna get myself an engagement ring. Dragon can sit in jail a few more weeks. They all laugh. Ramona holds up the champagne bottle. 52.
78) 0) text: Annabelle sits too close to DAVID (40s). (We remember him the WALL STREET GUY from the club. Mr. Lucy Liu.) Just th Mercedes, Ramona, and Destiny roll up to the bar.
78) 1) dialog: David, these are my friends!
82) 0) text: Mercedes shakes hands with a HIGH-POWERED LAWYER for Drag INT. ANNABELLE’S BROOKLYN APARTMENT - DAY Annabelle rearranges furniture in her own place. She sits her couch with her CAT, looks around, happy, independent.
84) 0) text: Annabelle and Mercedes try on expensive dresses.
89) 0) text: Parked. Ramona behind the wheel, Destiny beside her. They turn to see Mercedes and Georgia in back, Herve Leger dresses...
90) 0) text: Georgia and Trixie dance for the Stockbroker who gave Des three twenties. Just when they think he’s gonna pass out, rises to his feet and dances with them. The girls look at each other. Georgia uses her inhaler. Angel and Annabelle dance for the Alpha, waiting for him pass out. When he finally does, they play with Mr. Bruce. Crystal and Mercedes are whispering in the Corporate Raid ear. He looks like a baby in their arms.
90) 1) dialog: What’s your mother’s maiden name?
94) 0) text: Ramona and Destiny sit around the Christmas tree with the daughters and employees, Mom, Annabelle and Mercedes, and Manuela and her two daughters, all opening gifts. Destiny grandmother among them. Full house. Destiny’s grandmother opens a blue jewelry box and gasps. 63. DESTINY’S GRANDMOTHER Oh, Dorothy. What have you done?
95) 1) dialog: .».. and thank you God for all that you have given us... (MORE )
95) 3) dialog: this delicious food, my new Louboutins, and especially for this family, my sisters, we are so blessed. Amen.
108) 0) text: The door opens. Destiny is on the front porch. Mercedes i crying in the doorway, wearing vintage Swimona.
108) 2) dialog: Out back. Mercedes follows Destiny out back to see -- EXT. RICH MAN’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS A NAKED MAN face down on the concrete, unconscious, bleed from his head... a foot away from the pool.
108) 4) dialog: He said he could dive off the roof and I said he couldn’t. Destiny looks up. Then down.
108) 7) dialog: She took off.
108) 9) dialog: I couldn’t get a hold of her.
108) 11) dialog: Is he dead?
108) 13) dialog: (crying harder) We’re not gonna kill him, are we?
108) 20) dialog: Slow down... Destiny sees it too. Slows down. Just then, the naked man opens his eyes. He turns to Mercedes.
108) 21) dialog: Jesus Christ-- 77. Annabelle turns to see him and starts screaming. Mercedes jumps, startled, accidentally elbowing the man in the fac He’s out cold again. The three women look straight ahead. Waiting for the ligh change. We don’t see the cop’s faces. It takes too long. Finally, a green light. The cop car pulls ahead. Destiny slowly hits the gas. Annabelle throws up on herself. INT. DESTINY’S ESCALADE - LATER They pull up to the EMERGENCY DROP-OFF at the hospital.
108) 22) dialog: Where are we gonna put him?
108) 24) dialog: I thought we were gonna leave him.
108) 26) dialog: I’m not going inside.
138) 0) text: Mercedes, dressed up, visits HER BOYFRIEND (20s) in priso She squeezes his hand, a giant engagement ring on her fin
139) 0) text: The GUARD walks Mercedes outside. Her heels click on the pavement. The gate opens. A row of COPS waits for her. Sh looks at them. Then looks back at the prison. Confused.
140) 0) text: Destiny joins Ramona, Mercedes and Annabelle. They’re lik different exotic birds chirping in a cage. Annabelle is crying, vomit on her shirt. The detective steps up.