4) 0) text: At first, we're not sure where we are or what's happening It's too bright, the space confining.  As our eyes adjust seem to be in a bathroom or shower stall.  We HEAR a WOMA CRYING and the camera finds ANNE VICKSEY.  Dark circles beneath eyes red and puffy from crying.  Hair wet and rat Sweater and pants damp and stained.  Barefoot, she shiver from cold and fear... PULL BACK to show more of her surroundings.  The white-ti 10' x 8' room features a SHOWER HEAD, TOILET, and a push button SPIGOT for drinking water.  Two walls are SOLID, t other two MIRRORED, the glass covered by thick clear plas The floor is littered with empty food wrappers - candy ba juice boxes.  In the center of the floor is a DRAIN and a her, on the ceiling, a FLUORESCENT LAMP, also encased in clear plastic. There is no door. A mechanism CLICKS. Then a RUMBLING... Anne seems to know what's coming.  She presses against the wall, removes her arms from the sleeves of the sweater, hunches down, and raises the garment over her head, forming a tent. WATER ERUPTS from the shower head.  There is no steam, so this water must be cold.  Shaking, Anne whispers a count herself - "One-one thousand, two-one thousand, three..." so on.  The spray hits everything in the room - mirror, toilet, floor - and a food wrapper drifts toward the drai
4) 1) dialog: Thirty. She peeks up from the tent, but the water has not stopped and that isn't what she expected.  We hear a soft SUCKING NOISE and a CLICK.  The wrapper rises on a puddle of wate Anne POUNDS her fist on the wall.
4) 2) dialog: (angry, scared)
10) 0) text: From the outside, a passerby would never know this sanctu existed.  Within the foundation of a farm building never completed, we find a small room in the center of a much larger space.  The cell.  We hear the WHIR of ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT and notice VIDEO CAMERAS mounted on tripods poi at the two-way glass.  We follow CABLES to a massive VIDE RECORDER - the type used in surveillance, able to record days without maintenance, and an elaborate TIMING DEVICE connected to a series of VALVES and SWITCHES. As if in a beatific trance, the driver moves to the windo and gently rests his palm on the glass.  ANNE MOVES!  Arm flailing, mouth gasping, eyes filled with dread.  The las spark of life... The driver JUMPS, startled and frightene Almost shamefully, he turns and hides, unable to look at Suddenly, his body tenses and writhes, as if seized by torturous pain.  He opens his mouth in a silent scream. And then, quickly as it came, the pain subsides.  Hidden shadow, he breathes deeply, regaining self-control.  He waits, then moves back to the glass.  Anne's dead face fl past him.  Almost angelic.  He watches her and leans his against the window, closer.  And the driver catches his o reflection in the mirror. Meet CARL STARGHER.
13) 0) text: We MOVE out of shadow, toward a bright focused light, following the albino German Shepherd - VALENTINE - as it enters a VAST SUBTERRANEAN ROOM.  Most of the walls have knocked down, leaving only thick support posts.  Valentin finds Stargher in a DUGOUT PIT - about five feet deeper t the rest of the room - polishing a stainless steel table. bright tungsten work light hangs above, and near it is th chain, cables and hooks of a customized MECHANICAL HOIST. The dog picks up an unpleasant scent and follows it to a corner where there are empty jugs of BLEACH sitting next long, deep cast iron TUB.  Stargher WHISTLES and Valentin obediently retreats to a KENNEL CAGE.  Stargher gives him chew toy and locks the dog inside before moving to the tu Soaking in the bleach is the nude corpse of Anne Vicksey. The interior of the tub is glazed with gleaming porcelain the whiteness of her flesh makes it appear as though she floating in nothingness, but what hypnotizes and appalls her eyes.  Wide open, transformed by the chlorine into something ghostly, they are unforgettable. As the bleach gurgles down the drain, Stargher lifts Anne from the tub and carries her to the table.  He places her face up and dries her with a clean white towel.  He moves limbs, lips, hips, and hands into desired positions then retreats into shadow.  In the harsh light, against the sh table, the bleached body has the quality of an apparition we almost expect her to move... We HEAR Stargher remove his clothes and he steps into the pool of light.  Nude, we see that his lean, muscular fram laced with some rough tatoos.  When he turns his back to we find EIGHT METAL RINGS, thick and strong, PIERCED thro his flesh.  Two columns of four on either side of the spi running from shoulder blade to just below the waist.  Wha God's name are they for? Stargher shuts off the work light and moves to an area wh he keeps TELEVISION MONITORS and VCRs.  He inserts a videocassette taken from the surveillance deck and watche the screen. In BLACK AND WHITE, we see Anne awaken in the cell.  Her first moments inside.  Disoriented, terrified, trapped, s examines her surroundings. Stargher is mesmerized by her fear.  Fast-forwarding to h death, he presses a remote and we get SOUND.  Anne scream begging for her life.  Aroused, stimulated, Stargher drin it in like a symphony.  Valentine cowers in the back of h cage, hating this.
17) 0) text: CHAINS attached to bizarre HOOKS dangle from the ceiling. Admiring Anne's body, Stargher links the hooks to the rin in his back.  He presses a remote unit and up in the raft a series of GEARS click into motion.  The sound is tortur as the mechanical hoist LIFTS Stargher off the ground, pulling at the rings, strips of flesh rising.  Stargher grimaces, but clearly he wants the pain, needs it.  As th hoist clicks into another gear, it carries Stargher over table until his body is perfectly positioned above Anne's In the flickering weird light of the television screen, Stargher resembles something from the twisted imagination William Blake - a levitating demon ready to debauch an innocent angel.  With his free hand, he touches himself, chains clinking and swaying.
48) 0) text: A SMALL TV SCREEN shows footage of Anne drowning in the c Catherine, Cooperman, Henry, and Miriam watch with curios disgust, pity.  Novak and Ramsey flank the portable monitor/VCR, knowing this is a disturbing but powerful to There's someone else in the room.  John Tracy.  He cannot watch the video, not again.  Catherine glances at him, uncomfortable with his presence.