18) 0) text: A railroad bridge and highway span an almost-bone-dry cre bed.  Gathered beneath the overpass are the POLICE, CORON CRIMINIALISTS, AND A LOCAL FBI.  A SEDAN travels down a service road and stops nearby.  TWO MEN exit, identify themselves as FBI and move to the crime scene. Special Agent GORDON RAMSEY is well-groomed, prides himse on professionalism, and follows the Bureau party line.  Special Agent PETER NOVAK is rough around the edges, introspective, and intense.  A loner who marches to the t of a peculiar drummer, he's unconventionally handsome wit probing eyes.  He moves slowly, observing the scene - the world, for that matter - from a unique perspective. As Ramsey finds the FBI's local liaison - AGENT COLE - No oblivious to the people around him, touches dirt, smells air, and examines road, river, bridge and sky.
18) 2) dialog: Surveyor for the railroad... 'Bout six this morning. Novak sees a FEMALE BODY wrapped in plastic and bound by wire.  Supervising the examination of the woman is FBI PATHOLOGIST DR. THEODORE "TEDDY" LEE, a polite, dapper southern gentleman.
18) 6) dialog: She the one from Santa Cruz?
26) 0) text: In a BRIEFING ROOM we find Teddy Lee, Ramsey, Cole and lo cops.  All in need of caffeine.  They complain, gossip, a shoot the shit.  Resembling a demanding professor, Novak enters and through presence alone, lacking any self consciousness about his dishevelled appearance, takes con of the room by holding up a PHOTOGRAPH of a young woman.
80) 0) text: A team of FBI AGENTS is meticulously going through every of Stargher's house.  Crisscrossed wooden beams have been laid across the pit allowing forensics experts to search without disturbing anything.  On the other end of the direct line is COLE...
80) 1) dialog: Agent Cole. (INTERCUT WITH NOVAK AND RAMSEY)
80) 3) dialog: Already there.
80) 6) dialog: (reading)
90) 0) text: Cole and a handful of other agents pour into waiting Suburbans.  (INTERCUT WITH NOVAK IN HELICOPTER).
90) 1) dialog: The hoist was manufactured by Carver Industrial Equipment in 1982.  Serial number 117-337J.  Purchased by a boat shop in Lake Havasu, but sold to Lattimer's industrial Supply in 1992...
94) 0) text: Cole is the passenger, on the radio to Novak, A DRIVER ne to him, doing about a hundred down the Interstate, SIREN blaring.
94) 1) dialog: Lattimer sold the hoist to a guy named Bainbridge who tired to build a machine works out near Delano.  Bainbridge ends up in bankruptcy court and the state winds up with the land - it's just sitting there.
94) 4) dialog: Yep.  And guess who they hired to seal up the place?
94) 6) dialog: I never kid.  My wife hates it.  Says I'm too serious. Novak locates Delano on the map.
102) 0) text: Cole's Suburban leads a contingent of FBI vehicles and lo police cars onto the property, sirens blaring.