0) 3) dialog: You liked him?
0) 12) dialog: (nods at the ship)
0) 16) dialog: Mocky-Lock.
0) 18) dialog: "Mocky-Lock is the bogeyman.  Mocky-Lock wants me where I am."
3) 0) text: Although this is a hospital room filled with medical equipment, its sterility has been camouflaged with toys, posters, photographs, and drawings to make it more "homey (Some hint at aspects of Edward's fantasy world).  Every comfort has been provided and no expense spared. Henry, Miriam, and Catherine, now wearing funky/casual clothes under a lab coat, stand opposite Cooperman.  Sitt on the bed with Edward is ELLA BAINES, an elegantly dress woman in her mid-40's.  There is a soulfulness to her, bu the husband, LUCIEN BAINES, 60's, possesses the icy demea of a corporate tycoon.  One might write him off as cold, we sense a genuine love for his wife and child.  Ella smi and caresses Edward's hair.
3) 5) text: He wants to place Edward in a hospital. Seeing an unfunded future, Henry's ready to disassociate himself from Miriam and Catherine...
6) 0) text: The corridors are dark and most everyone has gone home. the NURSES STATION, a staff member observes the child on closed-circuit monitor.  Further down the hall, Miriam an Henry exit.  Wearing a (chic) thrift store coat and luggi worn book bag, Catherine stands outside Edward's room, watching him sleep.
15) 0) text: And we find ourselves in the DESERT of EDWARD'S WORLD. We fly over dunes and come up behind Catherine as she struggles through waves of sand.  The tree trunk is up ah and we glimpse someone hiding inside. Catherine reaches.  MOCKEY-LOCK ERUPTS FROM WITHIN THE TR TRUNK!  SNARLING!  Catherine retreats, silently screaming
47) 6) text: I'm not signalling! Edward is frightened by what's happening and runs away.  Catherine tries to call out, but her throat constricts, making speech difficult.
52) 45) text: When we started, there were a number of test subjects - other therapists - who acted as "receivers."  All they did was observe and report.  Nothing more.  But Catherine, she had the ability to feel what was happening.  She understood.  And the patient responded.  Edward engaged her in dialogue, took her places, showed her things.  He knew she cared. A hopeful, solemn Novak gazes through the window, watchin Catherine's body as it becomes parallel to Stargher's... IN THE PROCEDURE ROOM, Catherine takes a deep breath and the drugs take effect, feels herself losing consciousness She glances at Stargher, a man who tortures and kills wom then looks up as the CLOTH MASK descends from the ceiling
59) 0) text: A worried Novak searches the halls of the Campbell Center He's about to ask the staff for help, but stops when he s through the window to Edward's room.
60) 0) text: Catherine sits next to the boy's bed, holding Edward's ha softly singing a lullaby (to him, to herself).  Feeling t he must speak to her, Novak intervenes.
60) 21) text: A kingdom.  His utopia.  Life without consequence or restriction.  He's not even Carl Stargher anymore.  He's this... idealized version of himself who can do anything he pleases... Without fear.  A horrible primitive ugly thing. (uncomfortable; re: Edward)
60) 22) text: I don't want to talk in here. She kisses Edward's forehead and exits.
105) 9) text: Give a kiss to Edward. The women exchange smiles and Miriam exits.
106) 5) text: I heard she got the approval to try the reversal with Edward.