1) 0) text: We are looking at a large SCREEN showing an electronicall generated three-dimensional view of a human brain featuri color-coded neurological activity.  In a specific section the image, cells flash from yellow to red... PULL BACK TO REVEAL HENRY WEST surrounded by computers, monitors, electronics, and keyboards.  DR. MIRIAM KENT st before a peculiar diagnostic machine scrutinizing data an images.  Both wear garb favored by surgeons or microchip assemblers.  The impressive, weird computer system HUMS a shifts programs, the unusual brain image changing colors. THROUGH A LARGE WINDOW, we see into an ADJOINING ROOM wit which a HUMAN FIGURE hangs suspended in mid-air by a seri of cables designed to simulate flotation. AT THE CONSOLE, Miriam uses a pen to hit specific areas o the touch-sensitive screen, changing the complex CHEMICAL SYMBOLS displayed there. IN THE PROCEDURE ROOM, a series of pharmaceuticals are injected into an intravenous tube feeding the sleeve/arm the figure.  A featherweight cloth MASK electronically ri revealing the sleeping face of Catherine. AT THE CONSOLE, Miriam hits a button and speaks into an intercom microphone.
1) 7) dialog: "Mister E." is doing fine. REVEAL A SECOND FIGURE suspended from the ceiling in the PROCEDURE ROOM.  A SMALL BOY is lowered to the pedestal a as Miriam records data, Catherine removes the child's "ma displaying the haunted face of Edward.  Clearly, the boy in some kind of catatonic state.
1) 12) dialog: Where did that come from again? Catherine looks annoyed - How could he forget?
1) 15) text: Nursery rhymes, fairy tales, the bogeyman... All preparation for the horrors of the real world. Making certain the child is comfortable, Catherine covers with a blanket, rests a teddy bear on his lap, and pushes into the CONTROL ROOM, accompanied by Miriam.  Henry type a command and moves to join them.
1) 16) dialog: Anybody hungry?  I'm hungry... A BUZZER sounds and ANOTHER DOOR HISSES OPEN... A constan fretting administrator, BARRY COOPERMAN, is waiting for t in the corridor.
3) 0) text: Although this is a hospital room filled with medical equipment, its sterility has been camouflaged with toys, posters, photographs, and drawings to make it more "homey (Some hint at aspects of Edward's fantasy world).  Every comfort has been provided and no expense spared. Henry, Miriam, and Catherine, now wearing funky/casual clothes under a lab coat, stand opposite Cooperman.  Sitt on the bed with Edward is ELLA BAINES, an elegantly dress woman in her mid-40's.  There is a soulfulness to her, bu the husband, LUCIEN BAINES, 60's, possesses the icy demea of a corporate tycoon.  One might write him off as cold, we sense a genuine love for his wife and child.  Ella smi and caresses Edward's hair.
3) 5) text: He wants to place Edward in a hospital. Seeing an unfunded future, Henry's ready to disassociate himself from Miriam and Catherine...
3) 6) dialog: There are other applications for the scanner, Mr. Baines...
6) 0) text: The corridors are dark and most everyone has gone home. the NURSES STATION, a staff member observes the child on closed-circuit monitor.  Further down the hall, Miriam an Henry exit.  Wearing a (chic) thrift store coat and luggi worn book bag, Catherine stands outside Edward's room, watching him sleep.
48) 0) text: A SMALL TV SCREEN shows footage of Anne drowning in the c Catherine, Cooperman, Henry, and Miriam watch with curios disgust, pity.  Novak and Ramsey flank the portable monitor/VCR, knowing this is a disturbing but powerful to There's someone else in the room.  John Tracy.  He cannot watch the video, not again.  Catherine glances at him, uncomfortable with his presence.
48) 9) dialog: So what you're asking us to do is illegal?
52) 0) text: Cooperman guides Novak and Ramsey into the lab.  The FBI are impressed, but neither is quite sure what to make it The FBI escort team leader gets Ramsey's signature and No undoes the cuffs from Stargher's wrists and ankles.  Following Miriam's direction, the escorts guide the gurne carrying Stargher into the procedure room.  As Cooperman shows them out, Henry seals shut the door.  Miriam assume responsibility for Stargher's care and checks his pulse, pupil dilation, and vital signs...
52) 1) dialog: Shouldn't we get a catheter in him?
52) 4) dialog: Gentlemen, you stand before the one and only Neurological Cartography and Synaptic Transfer System. Although he's listening, Novak's eyes never really stray his prisoner as Miriam uses safety scissors to cut away Stargher's clothes.
52) 5) dialog: It provides a highly detailed map of the human mind.  Not the brain - any MRI can do that.  The mind. (self-impressed)
52) 8) dialog: But we can't record or store the data.  The connections between nerve cells are constantly being modified. Miriam needs a moment to fully take in the scars.  Henry continues, eager to focus attention back to him, but even is fascinated by Stargher's skin.
52) 9) dialog: It's like the early days of television.  The subject sends out a live feed and you receive it during time of broadcast.  Whatever happens, happens.  All you have to do is "tune in." Miriam gives Stargher an alcohol bath, the clinical proce taking on the quality of ritual.  Her wash cloth moves un Stargher's chin and over his face.  She's careful around eyes and finds herself unable to look at them for long.
52) 10) dialog: But you do more than tune in... You become part of the snow. Catherine enters from a dressing area wearing the bodysui Filled with curiosity, Novak watches Miriam and Catherine Stargher into his suit.
52) 26) dialog: Don't touch that, please.
52) 34) dialog: About twelve years of research, right Miriam?
52) 38) dialog: There's a touch-sensitive microchip implanted in her hand.  If she becomes frightened, disoriented, or simply wants to end the session, she signals us to abort. Catherine presses again and the red light shuts off.
52) 43) dialog: Not a gift.  A highly evolved area in her cerebral cortex, that's all.  A genetic fluke.
52) 47) dialog: Initiating connection. We follow fibrous wires running from Catherine's mask to Stargher's.  Their blood mixing with chemicals in the IV- containers.  The computer system humming.
52) 48) dialog: Transfer begins 1100 hours, 34 minutes, 12 seconds. Catherine's eye focuses on the mask.  As it comes closer, see the lining is laced with thread-like wires and microc forming hyper-miniature circuit boards.  Catherine's eye blinks.  The mask covers her face.  Catherine's eye shuts Vision fades.  Darkness.  A faint light.  Microscopic vei in the eyelid become wires connected to chips.  And we're MOVING, into the circuitry.
57) 1) dialog: Gentlemen? Novak looks at an INTERCOM SPEAKER.
57) 2) dialog: She's back. Novak doesn't wait for his just-stirring partner and move
58) 0) text: As he enters, Novak sees a concerned Henry checking a pri out of the procedure.
58) 2) dialog: Must've been rather unusual. Noting Novak's confusion, Henry points to a CENTRAL MONIT resembling a futuristic V.U. meter, gradiated in sections white, yellow, orange, and red.
58) 3) dialog: (re: white/yellow area)
58) 6) dialog: (re: orange section)
58) 9) dialog: We don't talk about that.
58) 11) dialog: Well, Theoretically, while she's inside.  If she came to believe that Stargher's world is her world, her mind has the power to convince the body that anything done to it is, um, actually done. Novak doesn't like the sound of that.
58) 12) dialog: That's why we monitor the use of the drugs so closely.  We don't want her getting to that degree of perceptual disorientation.
63) 4) dialog: I think that's the whole point. Valentine runs to his "sleeping" master and barks at Catherine as if asking for help.  She encourages the anim to lick and sniff Stargher's face and hands.
63) 5) dialog: That's interesting. IN THE CONTROL ROOM, he scrutinizes the monitor showing t detailed "map" of Stargher's brain.
63) 6) dialog: Increased neural activity in the frontal lobes.  Rising dopamine levels in the basal ganglia.  Ever since the dog walked in. IN THE PROCEDURE ROOM, Catherine readies herself in the "receive" apparatus.  As Stargher is lifted off the pedes the doors HISS shut and Valentine curls up on the floor beneath his master.  As Catherine is lifted, she smiles a the animal, then looks to Stargher.
63) 10) dialog: Uh-oh... LIGHTS FLICKER.  We hear an ELECTRICAL HUM rise and fall. Catherine opens her eyes and the LIGHTS blink on and off weird pattern, making it difficult to see clearly.
63) 12) dialog: I'm not.  It's a power problem.  I need you to go to the circuit breaker and check switches six through twelve. Catherine moves toward the electrical panel.
63) 13) dialog: Try to stay awake, okay?
68) 24) text: Henry sees a rapid rise in Catherine's warning meter.
68) 25) dialog: Miriam...
70) 0) text: A SENSOR ALARM SOUNDS on the computer.  Henry and Miriam express shock at the sight of the monitor peaking in the and move to the "map" of Catherine's mind.  As it becomes "cool," Stargher's becomes "hot."
72) 4) text: Deep breaths. IN THE OBSERVATION ROOM, Henry adjusts monitors showing Novak's vital signs.
72) 5) dialog: Pulse is rapid, pressure's a little high... IN THE PROCEDURE ROOM, Miriam asks:
72) 17) dialog: We should hurry. Miriam walks Novak through what's about to happen.
72) 20) dialog: Agent Novak?  Press the sensor. Novak does and the red light comes on.  As Novak is LIFTE he looks at Catherine, then Stargher.  Valentine YIPS and settles beneath Novak.  The suspension device clicks into place and the MASK descends.
78) 0) text: Henry notices significant activity on the monitors.
78) 1) dialog: They're back. Everything happens fast.  He and Miriam frantically cease procedure.  Novak and Catherine are lowered and Novak startles them b quickly regaining consciousness.  Miriam attempts to inje him with stabilizing drugs, but he's already trying to te himself out of the apparatus.
82) 4) dialog: The FBI has left the building. IN THE PROCEDURE ROOM, Miriam appears concerned.
85) 0) text: Henry analyzes voluminous print-outs from the last proced Although his eyes are on the data, he converses with Catherine in the PROCEDURE ROOM via intercom.
85) 1) dialog: ...there was a moment when we thought we'd lost Agent Novak as well. We see chemicals flow and computer programs initiate the procedure, but Henry is oblivious.
85) 2) dialog: His post-procedure consciousness recovery was remarkably quick.  Never saw that before.  Hey, remember that one time... He JUMPS when the door to the procedure room SEALS SHUT a mechanisms HUM.
85) 3) dialog: Catherine? When he looks through the window, Catherine is again suspended, the procedure under way.
85) 4) dialog: What are you doing? He types in a command, but nothing happens.  He tires aga On another keyboard, but gets no response.  When he looks the "map" screens, he sees something odd.  It's a small change, but it makes all the difference in the world.
86) 0) text: Miriam and Ramsey return to the lab to find Henry anxious observing from the console.
86) 1) dialog: (flustered)
86) 4) dialog: It would take hours to re-route the system, and even if I did, I shouldn't.
86) 8) dialog: Instead of going into his mind...