19) 0) text: A PRETTY YOUNG WOMAN, JULIA HICKSON, shares lunch with he fiancee, JOHN TRACY.  They talk, laugh and kiss, not a ca in the world.
20) 0) text: As TALK RADIO plays, Carl Stargher watches them, specific Julia, his eyes never off her for too long as his hands w on something banal but unseen.
20) 4) text: Meeeee....wwuuuuuddunnnnttttt... be spending billions on other countries when we've got problems right here. He opens his eyes and watches John kiss Julia goodbye as returns to work.  Stargher looks down and we see what he' been working on - A TOY DOLL.  Female.  Stripped of its clothes, a single metal ring stuck through its plastic ne
23) 0) text: Exiting an elevator, Julia heads for her little Toyota.  Smart girl that she is, her eyes scan the area and her fingers hold a can of mace.
24) 0) text: Julia climbs in, checks her mirror and backs up.  WHAM! she hit something??  She brakes, puts the car in park, an checks her sideview mirror. Reflected there is a WOUNDED DOG.  A white German Shepher She rolls down her window and can hear the poor thing whimpering.
24) 1) dialog: Oh no...
25) 0) text: Julia exits her car and kneels next to Valentine, who app to be in terrible pain.
25) 1) dialog: God... I didn't see you. STARGHER'S HANDS COME AT HER FROM BEHIND!  One grabs her and the other covers her face with a chloroform-soaked to He presses so hard, she cannot scream, cannot move.  Afte brief struggle, he SHOVES her into her car and holds her until she passes out.  Stargher pushes Julia into the passenger seat and starts the car.  Pulls a dog treat fro his pocket and WHISTLES.  The Shepherd instantly perks up Perfectly healthy.  And jumps into the car.
29) 0) text: Julia Hickson finds the snack foods, drinking spigot, toi shower, and drain.  Her bare feet try to adjust to the ti floor, but it's fucking cold.  She glimpses herself in th mirror and is startled by what she sees - a terrified gir
31) 0) text: A distraught middle-aged couple, MR. AND MRS. HICKSON, si the couch of their living room.  FAMILY PHOTOS show them Julia, whose fiancee, John, does his best to comfort the mother.  Novak and Ramsey have the unfortunate task of interviewing them about their daughter's disappearance.
45) 0) text: CLICK.  WATER SPRAYS FROM THE SHOWER.  Caught by surprise Julia blocks the spray with her hands and searches for a off valve.  Of course, there is none.  Thirty seconds lat the water stops.  Like an animal caught in a trap, Julia' eyes dart around her "cage."  What kind of hell is this?  Shivering, she catches herself in the mirror and looks de into it.  Something's odd about the glass.  Is someone watching her?  She bangs on it with her fist.
45) 1) dialog: Hey!
45) 3) dialog: 
61) 4) text: As soon as I met him, you knew I'd say yes.  He makes Julia real for me. Novak nods.  Guilty.
63) 8) text: Remember, Julia Hickson is priority number one.  Nothing else matters.  Find out where she is.
71) 0) text: Fueling herself with candy and juice, Julia examines the for a way out, but finds tight seals everywhere.  THE SHO ERUPTS WITH WATER!   She counts until thirty, it stops.  Shivering, Julia stars at the drain as the water spirals down.
71) 1) dialog: (trying to remember the words)
71) 3) dialog: ...on Earth as it is in Heaven. We drift to the right and see the l.e.d. counters CLICKIN AWAY.  01:44:54, 01:44:53, 01:44:52... Less than TWO HOUR live and she has no idea.
77) 0) text: More stylized than the actual cell, it's bigger and ornat decorated, with the atmosphere of a church.  Individual IMAGES hang like SHRINES, each showing Julia Hickson from different angles. Central to the room is a WINDOW INTO THE CELL ITSELF.  Wh we find a beautiful, mermaid-like JULIA HICKSON floating water.  Peaceful, joyous. IN THE CENTER OF THE ROOM, we find Novak and Catherine, s holding the hand of Young Stargher, he stunned at the sig of Julia.  The child looks at Catherine with beatific, sa eyes, regarding her as one would a saviour.
83) 1) dialog: Do something, Julia. She looks around the room and runs her hands along the wa the tile, looking for a weak spot.  She focuses on the CEILING PANEL and although it's painful because of swolle fingers, removes her ENGAGEMENT RING.
85) 6) text: Like a rock climber in a crevasse, Julia shimmies up the walls of the cell by bracing herself in a corner and usin her hands and feet to push up.  The tile is slippery and movement precarious. She uses strength and balance to reach a position just be the Plexiglass, the fluorescent light bathing her in an e intense glow.  She sees a gap between the glass and the w and uses her ENGAGEMENT RING to dig into it, SCAPE, SCRAP SCRAPING with the diamond. THE SHOWER SPRAYS WATER!  Julia nearly loses her balance, manages to stay pressed into the corner.  She kicks the shower head, sending the spray as far from her as possibl and continues to dig at the caulking around the light fixture. IN THE OBSERVATION ROOM, we see something unexpected.  Th clock reads 00:00:00.  That water isn't going to stop.
91) 0) text: The water is near the ceiling.  Kicking her legs to keep afloat, Julia DIGS with the ring and we see she has creat gap between the light fixture housing and an unused PIPE leading to the surface.  She pushes, but can't get anythi to move.  The opening will get no bigger.  Julia sucks th last bit of oxygen and swims to the bottom of the cell.  Searching for something, she finds a juice box and pulls the drinking straw.
95) 0) text: Julia is entirely underwater but alive.  She uses the str to suck oxygen through the gap in the ceiling, but it's difficult to tread water and her lungs are aching.
97) 0) text: Julia tries to hold herself up by pressing her arms and l against the walls, but as she does, the straw slips from mouth.  She reaches for it, but only succeeds in pushing away from her.  It heads for the drain.  And disappears.
99) 0) text: As Julia desperately tires to find the straw through the holes of the drain, we see for the first time an expressi which tells us she's given up.  THUMP-THUMP-THUMP.  The c starts to vibrate.  A repetitive noise WHUP-WHUP-WHUP - c from above.  She swims to the top of the cell and POUNDS the ceiling.
101) 0) text: Novak drops to the floor below.  Instantly affected by th similarities and the differences to the idealized cell of Stargher's mind, he feels another wave of dizziness, but pushes on. And is hit hard by the sight of DROWNED JULIA, her motion body floating past him.  HER EYES OPEN and bubbles drift her nose and mouth.  Novak BANGS on the Plexiglas and cal to her.
101) 2) dialog: The thick Plexiglass still remains, but she now can see h Novak pulls his ID BADGE and smacks it against the glass.
103) 0) text: Hearing the sirens, Novak relaxes.  For the first time in knows how long, he relaxes.  And holds Julia Hickson as i his life depended on it.