31) 0) text: A distraught middle-aged couple, MR. AND MRS. HICKSON, si the couch of their living room.  FAMILY PHOTOS show them Julia, whose fiancee, John, does his best to comfort the mother.  Novak and Ramsey have the unfortunate task of interviewing them about their daughter's disappearance.
67) 0) text: Martin has discovered his son's secret hiding place - a camouflaged corner of the attic.  Arranged in deliberate, artistic fashion are scavenged DOLLS.  Heads, limbs and torsos held together with twine, tape and wire.  Some wra in filthy plastic.  Faded photographs (including one of h MOTHER), mementos, and most disturbingly, the feathers an bones of dead birds, insect carcasses, and dissected, desiccated mice.  There's something peculiarly beautiful here, but Martin doesn't see it.  Not at all.
73) 3) dialog: (similar monotone)
73) 5) dialog: Me god me boy.  Me god good son. Novak takes a moment to absorb his surroundings.  The sig sounds and feel of the place.  Like being within a dream. he backs away from the odd quartet, SHIMMERING LIGHT danc across his face.  Shading his eyes.  Novak searches for t source. Opposite him, across the valley, is a SHEER ROCK WALL.  A massive cliff face pockmarked with rough "windows."  Like star, the LIGHT sparkles inside one of them, a fragment o MIRROR reflecting a beam away from Novak's face to a PATH cutting across the valley floor to the base of the wall. The light guiding him, Novak follows the path and starts CLIMB, finding stairs or ladders, passing deep, seemingly infinite passages.  Like tombs, or the "drawers" of a mausoleum.  Deep within one of them, THE LIGHT FLICKERS.  Fades.  And Novak crawls into darkness.
75) 6) text: You had to work at a center for abused kids for three months.  You stayed on two years for no pay.  You give half your fucking salary to the nursing home your grandmother stays at... Stargher King grabs his throat and traces the blade down center of Novak's torso.  Novak struggles and pleads with Catherine.