18) 4) dialog: Bleach. As the man snaps pictures, Ramsey and Cole join them.  Sa Novak recognizes the face.
18) 10) dialog: Someone looking after her little girl?
18) 12) dialog: The poor thing. FLASH!  We're up there now, ON THE OVERPASS, with the photographer and Novak, examining TIRE TRACKS in the soft shoulder.  Novak peers over the edge at the crime scene, steps back, and focuses on the highway - imagining the killer's truck as it disappeared into the night.
21) 12) dialog: Hot off the presses. He gives them copies of the AUTOPSY REPORT and FORENSIC ANALYSIS of Anne Marie Vicksey.  The WAITRESS sees Teddy, approaches, and offers a menu.
21) 13) dialog: (doesn't need it)
21) 15) dialog: Water in her lungs.  Same brand of bleach.  Match on the semen.  Lots of hair.
21) 18) dialog: (reading)
21) 22) dialog: Now?
22) 0) text: A MONITOR shows a SINGLE HAIR under a video microscope.  Teddy Lee plays with the dials and gets a spectral view.
22) 1) dialog: Complete absence of melanin. Novak and Ramsey stand over his shoulder.
22) 5) dialog: Gentlemen, I believe an albino dog is rare indeed.
26) 0) text: In a BRIEFING ROOM we find Teddy Lee, Ramsey, Cole and lo cops.  All in need of caffeine.  They complain, gossip, a shoot the shit.  Resembling a demanding professor, Novak enters and through presence alone, lacking any self consciousness about his dishevelled appearance, takes con of the room by holding up a PHOTOGRAPH of a young woman.
26) 10) dialog: The Phoenix office tested that hair thirty minutes ago.  And we got the match.
46) 0) text: A HUMAN EYE.  No movement, no deviation of the iris.  A f stare.  The catatonic Stargher lies in a hospital bed, wr cuffed to the frame.  An IV feeds him fluids and monitors report his vital signs.  As a nervous NURSE exits, we see POLICEMEN standing guard in the outer hallway.  Novak, Ra and Teddy Lee stand by as the killer is examined by DR. MILTON REID, a brilliant forensic M.D. currently shining opthalmoscope into Stargher's eyes.  He pulls away and ch the ELECTROENCENPHELOGRAM already on a lightbox.
46) 4) dialog: (answering for Reid)
46) 15) dialog: What about Thorazine? Or... Desoxyn?