3) 0) text: Although this is a hospital room filled with medical equipment, its sterility has been camouflaged with toys, posters, photographs, and drawings to make it more "homey (Some hint at aspects of Edward's fantasy world).  Every comfort has been provided and no expense spared. Henry, Miriam, and Catherine, now wearing funky/casual clothes under a lab coat, stand opposite Cooperman.  Sitt on the bed with Edward is ELLA BAINES, an elegantly dress woman in her mid-40's.  There is a soulfulness to her, bu the husband, LUCIEN BAINES, 60's, possesses the icy demea of a corporate tycoon.  One might write him off as cold, we sense a genuine love for his wife and child.  Ella smi and caresses Edward's hair.
19) 0) text: A PRETTY YOUNG WOMAN, JULIA HICKSON, shares lunch with he fiancee, JOHN TRACY.  They talk, laugh and kiss, not a ca in the world.
26) 0) text: In a BRIEFING ROOM we find Teddy Lee, Ramsey, Cole and lo cops.  All in need of caffeine.  They complain, gossip, a shoot the shit.  Resembling a demanding professor, Novak enters and through presence alone, lacking any self consciousness about his dishevelled appearance, takes con of the room by holding up a PHOTOGRAPH of a young woman.
48) 11) text: We're dealing with exigent circumstances.  Somewhere there's a kidnapped woman still alive.  If we weigh the suspect's Constitutional Rights against the public safety.  The Law favors the victim and gives us a lot of leeway.  It's called the Public Safety Exception.
55) 0) text: Young Stargher knows his way around the landscape, but Catherine has difficulty simply keeping him in sight.  Sh runs, climbs and crawls.  Until she's utterly lost and disoriented.  Tired and having difficulty breathing, she drops to her knees and "cools down."  She hears a NOISE nearby, gets to her feet, and finds a GEARED MECHANISM connected to some kind of SHUTTERED DOOR composed of an almost metallic-looking glass.  Curious yet cautious, she examines the nearby walls, floor, and ceiling for any sig of "traps" akin to the glass blades.  Finding none, she p the mechanism and quickly steps back. The shutter opens and Catherine knows there's something a in the tiny cubicle beyond.  She retreats into shadow, hiding.  Released from the chamber is a WOMAN.  As she mo out of a darkness, we see VICTIM ONE. Ghostly pale and adorned in eerie fetish garb, she appear "sense" the presence of a stranger, targets Catherine in shadows, and ATTACKS! Catherine's had enough and moves to press the implant, BU
66) 0) text: Young Stargher is forced to sit on the lap of an ugly MID AGED WOMAN barely wearing a man's robe.  On a nearby tabl are whisky, tumblers, and an ashtray filled with butts.
66) 1) dialog: I got you a present, cutie-pie. She gives him a TOY DOLL.  Drunk, she hugs and kisses him Embarrassed, the boy tries to squirm away.
66) 2) dialog: Oh no.  You're not going anywhere. Martin enters and sneers at the boy.
66) 4) dialog: It's okay, we was just.