55) 0) text: Young Stargher knows his way around the landscape, but Catherine has difficulty simply keeping him in sight.  Sh runs, climbs and crawls.  Until she's utterly lost and disoriented.  Tired and having difficulty breathing, she drops to her knees and "cools down."  She hears a NOISE nearby, gets to her feet, and finds a GEARED MECHANISM connected to some kind of SHUTTERED DOOR composed of an almost metallic-looking glass.  Curious yet cautious, she examines the nearby walls, floor, and ceiling for any sig of "traps" akin to the glass blades.  Finding none, she p the mechanism and quickly steps back. The shutter opens and Catherine knows there's something a in the tiny cubicle beyond.  She retreats into shadow, hiding.  Released from the chamber is a WOMAN.  As she mo out of a darkness, we see VICTIM ONE. Ghostly pale and adorned in eerie fetish garb, she appear "sense" the presence of a stranger, targets Catherine in shadows, and ATTACKS! Catherine's had enough and moves to press the implant, BU
65) 0) text: Young Stargher is at the sink WASHING DISHES, an anxious on the clock.
66) 0) text: Young Stargher is forced to sit on the lap of an ugly MID AGED WOMAN barely wearing a man's robe.  On a nearby tabl are whisky, tumblers, and an ashtray filled with butts.
74) 0) text: Novak emerges in a cavernous room dripping with decadence The place reeks of sex, pain, lust, and cruelty.  As he m deeper into the chamber, Novak sees YOUNG STARGHER perche atop some kind of pedestal, crouching, fingering his mirr LOCKET, bouncing sparkles of light into the dark corners the room The FLICKERING LIGHT pinpoints a FIGURE emerging from the darkness.  It is Catherine.  Altered to an image of Stargher's victims.  Her skin, face, clothing, eyes, are like the Victims'.  It's a shocking, strange image, made more disturbing by the look of pleasure on her face.  Nov is staggered by the sight.  His vision and hearing become affected by blurred vision, sharp sounds - then focus to clarity as he reminds himself...
77) 0) text: More stylized than the actual cell, it's bigger and ornat decorated, with the atmosphere of a church.  Individual IMAGES hang like SHRINES, each showing Julia Hickson from different angles. Central to the room is a WINDOW INTO THE CELL ITSELF.  Wh we find a beautiful, mermaid-like JULIA HICKSON floating water.  Peaceful, joyous. IN THE CENTER OF THE ROOM, we find Novak and Catherine, s holding the hand of Young Stargher, he stunned at the sig of Julia.  The child looks at Catherine with beatific, sa eyes, regarding her as one would a saviour.
87) 0) text: A bright, deliriously colorful realm visually reflective things we saw in Catherine's home.  Unusual trees, rock formations, totems, statues, and a brilliant POOL OF WATE The pond ripples.  Visible through the crystal-clear wate YOUNG STARGHER, rising to the surface like a drowning vic suddenly breaking through to air.  Panicked, he scrambles shore and pulls himself to land.  Although the place is comforting and beautiful, he's in strange territory and i frightens him.  Shivering, he hunches down, eyes darting way and that.
87) 4) dialog: Can... Catherine is astonished and relieve to hear him speak.  A sad, trembling little voice.
87) 5) dialog: Can I stay here? She is touched that he would ask and strokes his face.
87) 10) dialog: He found me... Catherine bristles as STARGHER KING RISES FROM THE POOL l a human serpent.  The brilliant colors of Catherine's wor fade to GRIM TONES.
87) 11) dialog: He always finds me. Stargher King SCREECHES with anger and confusion.
87) 14) text: And you.  You cumm home now, liddle cogsugger worm.  Or me god haffa punish you... Young Stargher tightens his embrace of Catherine.  She st back, away from the pond, hugging the boy tightly.
87) 25) dialog: No! Catherine stops.  And turns to see the distraught Young Stargher.
87) 26) dialog: Don't hurt him! She spins around and sees not Stargher King, but MARTIN.
87) 27) dialog: He didn't mean it.  I was bad. Disturbed by the transformation, Catherine backs away.  H vision blurs, the sound distorts.  And the earth cracks around Stargher King's ankles.
87) 28) dialog: He teached me a lesson.  I deserved it. Fighting feelings of disorientation, she kneels before th child and rests the knife on the ground.
87) 43) text: Why?  What'd I do?... Stargher TWISTS the handle of the blade and Martin/Stargh King drops dead.   Dead.  Young Stargher smiles and hugs Catherine.
87) 44) dialog: Time to go 'way.
87) 46) dialog: Bye. She looks to adult Stargher and begins to understand.  He descends into the pool, the boy resting his head on his shoulder.