37) 0) text: MR. FEDELE, a jovial scatterbrain, struggles to get comma of his classroom.
37) 1) dialog: Everyone, quiet down. I know it’s exciting to catch up after summer break. Jeff is detached in the back row. MR. FEDELE (CONT’D) I have rules, I must go over, I have rules. Your attention, students. But no one in class really cares. Fedele’s weak reputatio precedes him. Students pass notes and gossip. Derf doodle cartoon of Fedele for an audience of onlookers. MR. FEDELE (CONT’D) That’s enough. Quiet. Alright, good. Thank you. Mr. Fedele starts passing out textbooks from the stack. 25. MR. FEDELE (CONT’D) Your senior year American History Honors class will focus on Federal Government and our Presidents. Why is history important? Mr. Fedele notices Jeff hunkered down in the back. MR. FEDELE (CONT’D) You. Why is history important? Jeff mumbles. MR. FEDELE (CONT’D) What?
37) 3) dialog: You all must speak clearly.
37) 6) dialog: Quiet! Let me answer. We can only really know about ourselves if we come to better understand our past. Turn to page ten in your new text books.
38) 1) dialog: Wait, before you forget, take a permission slip and packets home for our spring trip to DC. Everyone must get a parent to sign it. 26. A fellow student approvingly pats Jeff on the shoulder as they head out. Jeff grins.
67) 3) dialog: Alright. As you read in Chapter Fifteen, Truman shared the same view of politics as James Madison, a hundred fifty years earlier. Presidential power is the power to persuade in a pluralist world where competing factions mobilize and counter-mobilize. How so? Kent raises his hand.
90) 1) dialog: Kids, since World War Two, public access to The White House grounds has been increasingly restricted. But maybe you can see President Carter through a window.
115) 0) text: Mr. Fedele takes attendance. He notes Jeff’s absence. 78.
115) 1) dialog: Mr. Jeff Dahmer, absent again. That’s five times in the last two weeks.
150) 2) dialog: Have a good summer kids. Best of luck in college. 102.