14) 0) text: A drove of students mill about. It’s a quintessential pub high school - soulless, modular formation of red brick. A school bus pulls in and drops off another herd of teenage Some kids gather around the SCHOOL ROCK. This defaced bou is the students’ billboard: graffiti, couples’ initials, the declarations “Balderelli Sucks” and “Class of ‘77 Rul 10.
40) 0) text: Jeff sits at a reading table scanning the quiet scene. He studies a pack of STUDENTS doing homework at another tabl light bulb goes off... Jeff GROWLS. LOUDER AND LOUDER, evolving into a widesprea moan. Shoulders jerk up.
46) 0) text: Pep rally. Cheerleaders prance around in unison. The foot team files onto the court in their new jerseys. The Marching Band is stacked into the bleachers, beside t rest of the student body. They play the quintessential pe rally song. Derf plays tuba. Kent on bass drum. Hoisted o the wall above them is Derf’s poster. It’s a large cartoo an angry running back stomping Jeff Dahmer flat on his ba It reads: GO MINUTEMEN! CRUSH THE COMETS! (A speech bubbl reads: BAAAAA!) Several rows ahead, Jeff plays trumpet. Once the song end Jeff glances back at his large cartoon. Gives a thumbs up Derf. Center court, the officious VICE PRINCIPAL BALDERELLI tak the microphone.
58) 1) dialog: He’s not in National Honor Society.
70) 0) text: Gym class. Coach Natale times students running laps. Seve psycho-stoners and band nerds slowdown to a walk.
108) 0) text: Balderelli polices the main thoroughfare. With cunning, J avoids and staggers by, gripping his leather briefcase, t BUMPS into two students. They smell the alcohol.
108) 1) dialog: Dang.
109) 0) text: In a dark room, a corny 1960s 16mm anti-drug educational unspools for students. MR. LAPOLLA monitors the projector
109) 6) dialog: Watch it, Jerk! (smells Jeff's boozy breath) Yuck, arrr, Damn.
136) 0) text: Students toss a frisbee, enjoying a beautiful day at the of the school year.
151) 0) text: Students tear out of the school, tossing notebooks in the air. Revere High sign reads: CONGRATULATIONS SENIORS GOOD