25) 1) dialog: Agent Mackelway? Mackelway turns. Descending a creaking stairway is DAVID DYSON: 50, lean, with a friendly smile.
26) 1) dialog: Benjamin spent hours down here. Mackelway takes it all in, every corner of this basement. notes a row of standing GYM LOCKERS.
26) 4) dialog: No. They're staff-only.
26) 7) dialog: Off and on. It's not uncommon for our guests to vanish for months at a time. Dyson works a combination lock on the first locker.
26) 9) dialog: No... but as elaborate fantasies go, it was one of my favorites. (fondly)
26) 12) text: Is that what you called him? Benjamin? DYSON
26) 13) text: It's what he wished to be called. Locker #2 is opened - also empty. Only one locker left. DYSON (CONT'D)
26) 14) text: (re: locker #3) That one's mine. Mackelway shrugs: "Sorry, it has to be opened." Dyson sig then works the combination. Mackelway waits. Locker #3 is opened. Inside, nothing incriminating: a swe some old junk, two trophies. Dyson eyes him: "See?" Macke nods. Dyson shuts the locker. Mackelway looks to that wall: 1,000 copies of the circle- a-slash-through-it. No idea what they signify... DYSON (CONT'D)
26) 16) text: Can I see it? DYSON
26) 18) text: Still, might be helpful. Dyson heads for the stairs. They're wooden slats with mor basement-junk stored below: old sporting equipment, an ol vaccuum cleaner, broken chairs, rusted patio furniture. Mackelway follows. They climb... MACKELWAY (CONT'D)
27) 0) text: Mackelway climbs under the stairs, crouching down, pushin aside all of the aforementioned junk. He grabs the box. Sure enough, that bucket once held red paint - same color O'Ryan used to cover that wall. There's also a bucket of PAINT here. And some used brushes. Mackelway brings the box into the meager light. We get a INSIDE IT now. So does Dyson. Inside, beneath the paint-buckets, we see a few TV GUIDES yo-yo, a football. Then a BOOK on TRIBAL RITUAL AND TRANC Mackelway grabs it, eyes it. He flips through a few pages - odd images: a TRIBESMAN wi eyes rolling back in his head, strange rites, etc. Mackelway sets the book down. Then, amidst the other mate in this box, he spots a large folded MAP. He grabs it, begins to unfold it. We see that this map's written on, in pen. Cities on it have been CIRCLED. But before we can get a good look at it, Mackelway spots something else, at the bottom of this box, a shocker: A photograph of himself. It takes him a second to realize what he's looking at. Bu there it is, a NEWSPAPER PHOTO, of Agent Thomas Mackelway It is part of a FRONT-PAGE STORY, dated July of this year concerning the trial and release...of Virgil Ray Starkey. on the F.B.I.'s Most-Wanted List... Dyson can't help but notice the picture of Mackelway. Mackelway stares. Suddenly we JUMP BACK IN TIME, NINE MON for a brief, choppy FLASHBACK.
37) 2) dialog: I guess you fellas're never unaccounted for, huh?
38) 0) text: Mackelway turns, a bit startled. Dyson is approaching, FA hand.
38) 2) dialog: Anything urgent?
38) 4) text: No. Dyson is glad to hear it.
113) 35) text: Dyson re-paint it? (no reply) My room. Did he re-paint it?
114) 0) text: More rain falls outside. Lightning too. Mackelway waits h Piper's in his usual spot in front of the TV. Dyson desce the stairs, a bit testy tonight.
114) 1) dialog: Welcome back. That had some edge. Mackelway doesn't reply.
115) 0) text: Mackelway stands in the center of this room, Dyson in the doorway. That SINGER down the hall is at it again, off-ke ever. Tonight it's the "Gilligan's Island" theme-song.
115) 1) dialog: I'll be in my office. Dyson backs away, leaving the door ajar. Now Mackelway is alone - eyeing the tiny bed, sink, windo the leaky ceiling, the bucket, the peeling paint. This ro heaving with energy... He sits on the bed, checks his watch. 9:05 p.m. Opposite this bed is that WALL, re-painted in industrial white, with the hint of a shape underneath. It's what Mackelway's come here to investigate. INTERCUT WITH...