6) 1) dialog: Here. Lemme do that. He turns. This is KATIE POTTER. She's 25, friendly, under challenged by her job. Been here two years. In two second she's got the thing percolating. Of course.
6) 2) dialog: It takes some experience. He shrugs, not feeling too smooth.
6) 3) dialog: You're Mackelway, right?
6) 5) dialog: Fax came in for you. It's the room next door.
81) 2) dialog: Hi.
82) 0) text: Inexpensive, but furnished with all the touches that Mackelway's apartment lacks: flea-market stuff, lace, ant books, photos from other eras. Character. And candles. Lots of candles. They throw SHADOWS of Macke and Katie all over the walls. An odd MUSIC fills the room, coming from a BOOM-BOX on th floor. It's a rhythmic Navajo CHANT, with Native-American drums providing the pulse. It's eery, tuneless, but awfully authentic... and it fits intensity of the moment: Mackelway and Katie, coupling ma their eyes locked. She's breathless.
82) 2) dialog: (softly)
83) 0) text: Mackelway stands at the mirror, changing the dressing on wound across his chest. He unwraps the gauze over that fa bandage soaked through with blood. He pulls the bandage off, giving us a better look at the gash. Dried blood, torn skin, bruising. Looks like hell. Mackelway eyes it calmly. He slugs down some beer from a nearby bottle, then cleans wound with some Hydrogen Peroxide... as Katie appears in doorway. She eyes him.
83) 1) dialog: Can't sleep? He shrugs, turns.
83) 3) dialog: It's Navajo. A song for dead warriors. I never played it for anybody before.
83) 6) dialog: (a beat)
83) 9) dialog: I dunno. The way you stare when you think nobody's looking. She shrugs. Silence hovers...
84) 0) text: 4:30 a.m. Rain pounds the window and roof, a real storm o there. The boom box is still. The candles are down to the nubs. Katie continues to sleep. Mackelway too. Then his eyes SNAP OPEN. Something just hit him, something huge. One of those 4:30 the-morning ideas that has to be expressed. Now.
101) 0) text: Mackelway exits the office, heading for his Yukon. Then he stops... because Katie is waiting out here, leani against her Toyota Camry.
101) 3) dialog: Somethin', huh? Guy with a wife and kids keepin' bodies in his attic? He nods... but what is she doing out here?
101) 6) dialog: Yeah. Just... Wondered if you could do me a favor.
101) 8) dialog: Her name's Karen Sumpter. We were friends. (almost reluctantly)
101) 10) dialog: Anyway, I know you're gonna be in on the autopsies - of the girls they found over at Speck's. Figured you might see if one of 'em was... Her voice trails off. This is hard.
101) 11) dialog: If it is, I'd like to be the one to notify her folks. Out families've been friends for years.
101) 14) dialog: Thanks... 'Night. Mackelway puts the envelope under his arm. She starts up Camry. The sky rumbles. He eyes her. For some reason, she hasn't pulled away yet...
102) 0) text: Candles. Shadows on the wall...and Mackelway and Katie, a again, with the sounds of that eery Navajo CHANTING comin from the boom-box.
104) 0) text: She is utterly lost now. And that CHANTING seems to have gotten louder somehow. IMAGES FLICK at us now: culled from that BOOK on TRIBAL R AND TRANCE, found at the halfway house: a TRIBESMAN with rolling back in his head, foaming at the mouth. Mackelway tries to shake it off, tries to keep his focus Katie. He buries his head into her neck, as:
152) 18) text: Her name's Katie. She half-smiles: "You mean the one you've been fucking?" shrugs, confirming nothing - wishing Fran weren't quite s smart. She puts the photo back into the envelope. FRAN