42) 0) text: Low-lights, dust on the floor. Pool tables. LORETTA is a pretty 19-year-old who stands at the jukebox weighing her choices. She's got a thick curtain of hair, she wrangles with a CHIP-CLIP. It's a habit. She chooses a country-rock tune, then heads for the bar, walking to the beat. It's fun being 19 and beautiful.
42) 2) dialog: (re: song)
42) 5) dialog: I'll have a seven and seven, please.
42) 7) dialog: It's in the car. No one's asked me for it for a couple years now.
43) 0) text: Loretta walks to her VW Bug. Starkey exits the bar. She doesn't notice. We TILT UP: the lights are off in O'Ryan' motel room...
45) 1) dialog: Please, Mister... Starkey's hand shoots out, banging Loretta's head against window, hard. That makes things start to swim. Starkey te at her clothes, lowers himself on to her. She whimpers. WE CARRY THE SOUND OF IT INTO:
46) 0) text: This is where you go when you've just moved to Wichita Fa and money's tight: spotty shag carpet, chipped Formica ki table, scuffed blinds. ...and one sleepless agent, having one lousy night. Mackelway sits on the edge of his bed, almost able to hea Loretta's helpless cries. Some nights are like this. His is POUNDING again. Down go four more Bufferin. Above him, covering the bedroom mirror, is the MAP he too from that Hope House basement. O'Ryan's map, UNFOLDED. It's HUGE: 6-feet-wide, 4-feet-tall, obscuring the mirror As we glimpsed while still in that basement, this map his written on, in pen. O'Ryan's notations cover it: Over a THUSAND CITIES on it have been CIRCLED, by hand, i RED. Each of those circled cities has a DATE written besi it, also in red: ("4/6," "5/19," "10-26," etc.)
47) 0) text: The attack continues, its terror unimaginable. Loretta so It hurts. Starkey's too powerful to fight off. We stay on face: dazed, her mind simply checking out. ...until a look of cognizance comes over her, brought on SHADOW that just passed by. Then the window behind Starkey simply EXPLODES. Glass flies everywhere, and TWO ARMS reach into the pick- They grab Starkey by the neck and yank him out of the pic his back sliced open by shards. He screams. She can't resist coming to the window, where she sees:
48) 10) text: Turn around! She turns away, lying face down on the seat, covering her head. No idea what kind of terror is to come next. We STA WITH HER... able only to hear what follows: The sound is animal, awful - like a pig being gutted - a horrible SQUEAL, covering the GRUNTS coming from O'Ryan. In goes the knife again, prompting another agonized cry f Starkey. Loretta's crying too: from fear, shock... She ke her face buried, shutting her eyes tight. The sounds of savagery fill the night. Then, one last gasp from Starkey... followed by an awful silence... and the assault is over. Loretta's too afraid to look up - certain that the maniac the knife will be coming after her next. But then she hears FOOTSTEPS, trailing away. So she rises peeking over the edge of the window. WE STAY ON HER FACE, she sees what's become of her attacker. Her horrified SCREAM fills the woods...
50) 0) text: Law enforcement VEHICLES surround the site. COPS, Grieves CORONER'S GUYS taking pictures. Loretta is sitting on the of an ambulance, being tended to. A COMPOSITE ARTIST sits beside her, trying.
50) 1) dialog: I don't think the eyes are right.
50) 3) text: Narrower? LORETTA