21) 0) text: Harold Speck lies on a table. A BESPECTACLED CORONER exam him. Victim #2, BARNEY FULCHER, lies on another, his ampl frame yet to be examined. The lights are out, but that Coroner wears a FLUORESCENT with a MICROPHONE pinned to his gown. He speaks into it w quiet monotone: anatomical terms, etc. Mackelway and Fran are here... watching. Mackelway is particularly focused on Fulcher's face. His EYELIDS, we n see, have also been torn off. Hmmmm...
23) 0) text: A three-story Victorian residence in decay, next door to CHURCH/SOUP KITCHEN in the middle of Oklahoma City's Skid Rain falls. The street is still. Mackelway approaches this halfway-house. A few lights shi within, and the blue glow of a tv. Upstairs can be heard strident, off-key voice of somebody singing.
51) 0) text: The number of HAVE YOU SEEN ME's has now grown, quite a b 45 PAGES sit stacked on Mackelway's desk. 45 victims. He the stack, rises. Heading for the Conference Room, he nearly bumps into Kat the Receptionist, rounding a corner.
67) 0) text: A lively Sunday Service. Lots of Baptists, singing a rous spiritual. Music and praise filling the room. We move along the pews, until we came to the very back ro There, one man sits. Alone. Quiet. O'Ryan. Odd expression on his face - it's as if he can't hear thi rousing music, or feel the power of this place. People in next row are stomping their feet. Music soars. But O'Ryan just drops his head, slowly... and begins to W in the middle of this boisterous congregation. Outside, an 18-WHEEL TRUCK can be heard, rumbling by with great force. No one else in here seems to hear it. But O'Ryan shuts his eyes tight, grieving, sobbing...
78) 0) text: The fax tray has overflown onto the floor - 200 more phot 200 more HAVE YOU SEEN ME's. Forgotten victims. We hear a rumble from that 18-WHEELER. END INTERCUT...
141) 0) text: Mackelway sits on the bed, looking at what he's just uncovered. An awesome sight. His head is pounding worse t ever... so he reaches for the Vicoden.
148) 0) text: He enters. The fax has spun out a single sheet. No top-sh That's odd... But here's another face, another victim, with the customa HAVE YOU SEEN ME? across the top. A young African-American boy: "Lloyd Simms, Age 9. Ht. 4' Wt. 67 lbs. Last Seen: Greenville, Texas. Date of Disappearance: 10-26-99." That's it. One face. The transmission ends. Mackelway eye those vitals. They mean something. Greenville...
152) 13) text: Females - Logan, Utah; and Decatur, Alabama. (Neither city is represented with black pins on that map. She slides over a packet of PHOTOS: two FEMALE VICTIMS, photographed in separate morgues - face up, face down, wa and above, waist and below, etc. Mackelway eyes them, then leaves the room. We STAY WITH FRAN... taking in that O'Ryan FBI file. It troubles her. Mackelway returns, carrying the 9-by-12 envelope that Kat gave to him. FRAN (CONT'D)
152) 35) text: Do you? That's the million-dollar question, and it hangs there. Mackelway's about to answer... when he stops himself. Jus noticing something. That MORGUE PHOTO from Logan, Utah: There's a BURN MARK on the lower left calf of the victim. We've seen such a mark before, on another autopsy photo. MACKELWAY
158) 0) text: Mackelway backs out in the Yukon, trying to keep a visual Vic's truck. ANOTHER 18-WHEELER pulls in front of him, blocking his vi entirely.
159) 0) text: He follows Vic's rig out of the lot and onto a road approaching I-30. But there are three cars between them - Mackelway can't get a clean look at Vic's license plate. Vic approaches the Interstate. So do the three cars betwe them. Vic passes the Interstate on-ramp. The three cars turn on it... putting Mackelway right on Vic's tail. He grabs his cel, dials. This truck has license plates fr ten states.
160) 0) text: There are several BIG-RIGS parked here, but the vast majo of the vehicles we see are garden-variety cars and SUV's. few pick-ups. There are RIDES at this carnival: Pony rides, a ferris wh and a huge ring of Barbeques, each fired up and cooking. be a thousand people in attendance today. Vic parks his rig. Mackelway hangs back, watching: Vic gets out of the rig. From here we can see that that 5 old BOY is still stick in his car seat, and he is still screaming and flailing. Vic points a stern finger at the kid as if to say, "Behav else." Then Vic disappears into the crowded carnival.
161) 0) text: He gets out of the Yukon, approaching Vic's truck. We CRO THE LOT WITH HIM. He reaches Vic's truck, looks in the passenger window. Th the five year-old kid, tears streaming down his face. (We still can't tell if it's Charlie.) Mackelway reaches for the passenger-side door. It's locke course. And he can't shoot his way in. He looks to the kid inside:
161) 2) text: Kid? You okay in there? The Kid doesn't respond - just seems spooked. Shit... Mackelway looks into the heart of that crowd. Vic's still visible to us, but he won't be for long.
162) 0) text: He begins running now, past the table where ladies are se TICKETS for the rides and games, past the Cotton-Candy Gu Running... because we just lost sight of Vic. Mackelway hurries through that ring of barbeques, upsetti tray or two. Then he stops. There's the ferris wheel. Was Vic on the other side of it? Mackelway takes off.
163) 0) text: No Vic. But Mackelway thinks he sees the guy... heading b in the direction of the parking lot. He runs past the Pony rides, past a funhouse, past a popc machine, past those ladies selling tickets.
164) 6) dialog: I told you she'd be here. (to Woman)
173) 0) text: Mackelway tightens. O'Ryan's out the door. This VISION th keeps getting clearer and clearer... What the hell does t it mean? Down go two more Vicodens...
185) 9) text: Travelling due west now. Don't see a name. It's a service road, running parallel to the-- Then Mackelway freezes, mid-word. He just saw something t made his jaw drop: On the other side of this road is a field of TALL WHEAT. Time seems to stop. His blood feels like it just congeale Tall wheat in a wet wind. He has been here before. He has it before. And so has O'Ryan... Mackelway just stares, slack-jawed, as that wheat whips p them. The feeling is so unsettling that for a moment he forgets about Zero, and the rig, and the kid... Everything has just crystallized in a horrible way. He kn that he is going to wind up in that wheat field, somehow, O'Ryan. And O'Ryan will be begging him for mercy. "Please..." O'Ryan guns the Yukon, attempting to cut in front of the Zero swings wide, sending the Yukon into a curb this time That shreds their front tire. ...which means that in one minute this car is going to be undriveable. So if they don't stop Zero from hitting that Interstate - now - Zero will be gone.
196) 0) text: Hours have passed. Dozens of LAW ENFORCEMENT VEHICLES hav arrived. Sherrifs, Feds. Zero's rig remains on its side. Mackelway sits nearby on a CURB, his shattered wrist is i SLING. Up above, the CLOUDS have parted. Morning sun stre through. No more rain. Fran sits beside him. At their feet, in the gutter of this service road, lies a discarded MILK CARTON, covered with dust. The face under "Have You Seen Me?" is unknown to us. Kathleen is nearby, holding Charlie tight. Cops surround An UNMARKED SEDAN arrives. Charlton hurries out of it, ma a bee-line for Mackelway.