81) 0) text: Wind In His Hair is riding hard and happy. He really fixe that white god. But as he clears the brow of a rise, a  riderless horse blows past him, running in the opposite  direction. Cisco's running back, to the fort at full speed, the line of two ropes flying behind him. The big warrior's smile is gone. He wheels his pony and  charges over the rise, nearly colliding with another warr who has been in hot pursuit of Cisco. The warrior pulls u and looks helplessly at Wind In His Hair. But Wind In His Hair's attention is focused on the rest of his party. The three remaining warriors who rode with him are all on foo One is bending over a man lying unconscious on the ground The third is limping badly, trying to catch his horse. Wind In His Hair glances back in the direction of the for but the buckskin is already gone. He starts down the incline to help his friends.
141) 0) text: As Dunbar gnaws on a rib, he glances at the friendly face around the fire. His eyes suddenly stop their roving. A BIG WARRIOR is wearing the military hat he lost on the  hunt. It's a little too big. The brim touches the top of big warrior's ears. Now the Big Warrior notices that Dunbar is staring at him Their eyes meet.
141) 4) dialog: I found it on the prairie. It's mine.
141) 7) dialog: He left it on the prairie. He didn't  want it.
141) 9) text: The Big Warrior shakes his head. He won't budge.
141) 11) text: The other men around the fire murmur their assent. The Bi Warrior thinks for a moment then abruptly gets to his fee He looks at his waist and unfastens a knife in a beautifu worked scabbard. He tosses it across to Dunbar. The lieutenant examines the trade item a moment. Now he l back at the big warrior. A smile breaks slowly across his face and Dunbar nods. At last he smiles back. It's a trad And at that, the cheerful voices around the fire are at i again. Dunbar takes his new knife out and as he watches the ligh flicker off the blade a voice comes into his ear.
162) 3) text: Dances With Wolves is standing alone in front of his lodg Wind In His Hair is riding past. He reaches down and shak Dances With Wolves' hand. The big warrior smiles. Dances With Wolves watches the warriors go by, but his ey begin to wander. He's looking for someone among the faces the women. Who ever it is, he can't find her.