107) 0) text: Stands With A Fist rushes past BLACK SHAWL, her face cove with tears. Now Kicking Bird comes out. Black Shawl looks Kicking Bird, his face is not happy.
107) 1) dialog: Will she make the white words?
162) 0) text: Black Shawl is hurrying out of the lodge with her husband bow and arrows. A war party of twenty warriors is mounted and everyone ex sleeping children is out to say goodbye. Stands With A Fist is helping to load Kicking Bird's hors with last minute preparations. Out of the tipi comes Kick Bird's eldest child. He is sleepy but almost on the verge tears as he knows what is happening. Kicking Bird picks up the boy. What is said is between fa and son. And it is just a look. He hands the child to Stands With A Fist, and pauses to s with his wife. She comes close to tears but there will be crying. None from Kicking Bird either. He steps back to h horse.
165) 0) text: Black Shawl is settling the youngest children in for bed, Stands With A Fist is playing with the oldest of the chil They're setting up a child's tipi.
165) 1) dialog: How is Dances With Wolves?
165) 4) dialog: How is he learning?
165) 6) text: Case closed, she goes back to playing and Black Shawl  continues putting the kids to bed. She looks again at Stands With A Fist wondering "what did you think I meant?"
169) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is sitting in the middle of the lodge, she starts when Black Shawl walks in.
169) 1) dialog: You are not talking today?
169) 3) text: Black Shawl gives her a deeper look, then lets it go.
175) 0) text: Stands With A Fist kneels before Black Shawl, the older w is combing out the tangles in her hair. Black Shawl sense tension in the girl and gently tries to pry it out of her
175) 1) dialog: People are talking about you...
175) 4) dialog: They are proud of the medicine you  are making with Dances With Wolves.
175) 7) dialog: You can't, he is gone.
175) 8) text: Stands With A Fist bolts up, racing to the lodge flap -- pulls it aside and is stunned by the sight of Dances With Wolves' abandoned lodge -- Cisco is nowhere to be seen. She turns away, tears coming to her eyes. Black Shawl is  beside her watching -- the girl's emotions have betrayed  her. Black Shawl takes the crying girl into her arms. A child  runs into the lodge but Black Shawl indicates "not now." The message is clearly understood, and the child digs in heels and heads the other way.
191) 0) text: Dances With Wolves steps into the lodge, followed by Smil A Lot. They both have rifles and Dances With Wolves' old  long-barreled revolver is holstered at his waist. Before him is a quiet, tense scene. The women are huddled together on a single sleeping platf Kicking Bird's three children nestled between them. Two o the kids are crying softly. Black Shawl grips a hatchet and Stands With A Fist has a  rifle. They will both fight. But they are both scared.  Everyone in the village has a life at stake. In one glimp Dances With Wolves understands what he will be fighting f He looks once more at the women and children and ducks ou of the lodge.
196) 0) text: Now there's a ripping at the lodge entrance. The flap is  being torn away. Black Shawl is desperately pulling the c back from the edge of the lodge. Suddenly, there he is... a Pawnee warrior. But now it's h turn to be surprised. He sees Stands with A Fist taking a and it's too late. She fires the rifle and the Pawnee exp back out of the lodge.
207) 0) text: Black Shawl and Stands With A Fist are clearing things aw The medicine man has hosted a dinner party which is now  winding down. Wind In His Hair is there, Dances With Wolves and several other prominent warriors. It's purely social and all the are enjoying themselves. Dances With Wolves sneaks a look of affection at Stands W A Fist, and she returns it. Then, with more theatricality than is really necessary, h stretches his arms and yawns. Wind In His Hair looks at h friend with surprise. Dances With Wolves gets to his feet.
207) 3) text: He slips out. In a few seconds, the men have pick up anot topic to jawbone. They pay no attention to Stands With A Fist's momentary e But Black Shawl does, it doesn't bother her, but she noti
208) 1) dialog: How long will Stands With A Fist  mourn?
208) 4) dialog: I hope it will not be too long.
208) 7) dialog: She has found love again.
208) 9) dialog: Dances With Wolves.
208) 11) dialog: When you see them together you will  know.
208) 14) dialog: No. They like the match. It makes  sense. They are both white.
208) 17) dialog: She's your daughter now.
208) 19) dialog: You can't see everything coming.
263) 0) text: Black Shawl watches as Kicking Bird slips a magnificent p into its buckskin case. Now he looks at her. The medicine man too is in a kind of pain we have not seen before.