79) 0) text: Dunbar is sitting naked in the shallow river below the fo He has worked up a good lather on his face and is shaving The big Navy revolver and his gunbelt are slung over his  shoulder. Dunbar glances at the far bluff. Two Socks is sitting quietly, watching the shaving ritual below. The lieutenant is finishing shaving his moustache. He sta onto the surface of the water trying to get it just right Once again he glances up at Two Socks. Two Socks' attention has been diverted. He's on guard, st intently across the river. Dunbar looks quickly at the bluff nearest the fort. Every is still. He looks back at Two Socks. The wolf is gone. The lieutenant hears something now. Hoofbeats. Hoofbeats  coming in a rush. He bursts from the water and scrambles up the incline.
91) 0) text: Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter (who now sports a crude spli on his arm) are occupying an open space in the midst of a huge pony herd. They should be on guard against enemies but the three boy are sitting on the ground, absorbed in a gambling game.
194) 0) text: In ragged formation, the Sioux pour from behind the lodge and thirty rifles fire into the vanguard of the Pawnee ch The smoke of many rifles mixes with the ground fog as the Sioux run screaming down on the Pawnee. Dances With Wolve screams too as he runs flat out down the slope. A Pawnee warrior suddenly looms out of the smoke and they crash together violently. The two fighters tumble over the ground, each grappling f an advantage. The hand to hand fighting all around them i furious and, shrouded in smoke and fog, it has a surreal  quality. Dances With Wolves works the Navy revolver from its holst and shoots the Pawnee in the face.
232) 0) text: Surrounded by guards, Dances With Wolves is being walked  toward a clump of bushes. He glances out at the prairie. Cisco's body lies where it fell. Black birds are pecking it.
232) 1) dialog: Here you... eyes front.
239) 0) text: The wagon is pulling out with an escort of SEVEN SOLDIERS Dances With Wolves' spirits are very low as he sits in th bed of the jolting wagon. Spivey is guarding him.  Elgin leading the detail. EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY. Dances with Wolves watches a ridge in the distance for an sign of riders.