61) 0) text: Just as Dunbar did on his trip out with Timmons, someone running a palm over the tips of the tall prairie grass. T hand, however, is red. A lone Indian is standing in the grass, his pony at his s He is a real Indian; tough, wild and free. He is a person special maturity. He radiates wisdom and is a man of  responsibility in his community. He is a Sioux medicine m He is KICKING BIRD.
63) 0) text: The spectacular face of Kicking Bird is staring at someth He's looking thoughtfully at the "new" Fort Sedgewick; th tidy grounds, the great awning, the repaired corral. The  beautiful, buckskin standing inside.
64) 2) text: Kicking Bird jumps straight into the air. As he lands he  whirls to meet the voice that startled him. Dunbar is coming. His hands are clenched and his arms are swinging stiffly at his sides. Kicking Bird has turned to stone at the sight of this hor With a sharp intake of breath, he staggers back a few ste Then he turns and runs, tearing through the corral fence if it were made of twigs. He leaps onto his horse and qui the pony into full gallop. Dunbar is watching from the yard. His jaw is clenched, hi hands are still fisted. The great grassland is empty. Kicking Bird is gone.
69) 0) text: An old Indian man sits in the shade outside his lodge. Hi skin is leathery, his hair grey and wispy but his eyes ar bright as diamonds. He is TEN BEARS, well past sixty, but still strong enough to be the head man. He is, for the mo part, oblivious to the GRANDCHILD squirming in his lap. He's smoking a long-stemmed pipe, but the main object of interest is an old woman squatting next to him... PRETTY  SHIELD. She's pounding away at something in a bowl. Ten Bears looks up to notice Kicking Bird. The medicine m is passing not far away and Ten Bears' eyes follow him  carefully, not glancing away until Kicking Bird has ducke into his lodge.
69) 9) text: Ten Bears looks once more at the entrance of Kicking Bird lodge.
70) 0) text: Kicking Bird sits next to the fire playing with his son b he is preoccupied with something. There is a rustle of movement at the tent flap, and Ten B peers in.
70) 2) text: The little boy races over to the old chief, Kicking Bird  makes a move to pull him back, but Ten Bears indicates th boy should stay.
70) 6) dialog: Yes... it is good. The grass is rich.  The game is plenty and not running  away.
70) 9) dialog: I was thinking of a dance.
70) 11) text: Kicking Bird seems suddenly uncomfortable. The little boy leaves.
70) 12) dialog: Yes.
70) 15) dialog: I have seen such a sign.
70) 17) dialog: I saw a man, a white man.
70) 20) dialog: Just one. He was naked.
70) 23) dialog: I saw his sex.
70) 25) dialog: No.
72) 0) text: The eldest and most respected men of the band, including Bears, his pal STONE CALF, an influential warrior named W IN HIS HAIR, and Kicking Bird are seated around the fire. Crowded around them, in a high state of excitement, are t village's leading warriors. The meeting is in progress.
72) 1) dialog: He might be a god or he might be a  special chief -- that's why we are  thinking of having a talk with him.
72) 4) dialog: You are right, we need meat today  and tomorrow. But we must also have  meat in ten years.
72) 5) text: Kicking Bird pauses here. Everyone is listening attentive
72) 6) dialog: But the whites are coming. Our friends  the Shoshone and the Kiowa, even our  enemies, agree on this -- the whites  are coming. More than can be counted.
72) 11) dialog: Wind In His Hair has spoken straight,  his words are strong and I have heard  them. It's true the whites are a  poor race and it's hard to understand  them. But when I see one white man  alone, without fear in our country,  I do not think he is lost. I think  he may have medicine. I see someone  who might speak for all the white  people who are coming. I think this  is a person with which treaties might  be struck.
95) 0) text: Otter, Worm and Smiles A Lot are riding in, drawn by the  ruckus in the village. They see the white soldier oh his  horse leaving the camp. They see the tumult in the villag and realize they are in trouble, again. Some of the young, mounted warriors are shouting taunts a the departing soldier, calling for him to come back and f They seem set to take out after him when Kicking Bird sud appears in front of their ponies.
95) 1) dialog: The soldier did not come to fight --  he is going away and we will let  him.
95) 2) text: No one is going to argue with one of the band's leading m The young warriors shout a few more taunts and turn away. The medicine man glances after the boys who just came in. Each boy, confronted now by an angry father or uncle, is  being jerked off his pony. There's going to be discipline Kicking Bird looks back at the lieutenant. Dunbar's head is down and his shoulders are slumped. It i sight that makes the wheels in Kicking Bird's head turn.
98) 0) text: Six Sioux warriors, THE ESCORT, are sitting atop their po high on the ridge. Dunbar buttons his tunic and casts a quick, backward glan at the quarters. A rifle is standing near the door. Dunbar decides not to go after it. He straightens his bea and he watches the approaching riders. It's only two -- W In His Hair and Kicking Bird. The lieutenant bows at the  waist.
99) 0) text: Wind In His Hair and Kicking Bird are sitting comfortably under the awning, each holding steaming army-issue cups.  They are staring straight ahead with a curious expression Dunbar is turning a handle on a machine. It is a coffee  grinder. The last of the beans goes down and Dunbar pauses for dra effect. Then he pulls out the drawer containing the fresh grounds and passes it to the medicine man. Kicking Bird a Wind In His Hair both sniff the contents. Dunbar gestures at their still full mugs -- neither one o them has taken a drink.
99) 4) text: Wind In His Hair doesn't wait for Kicking Bird's answer. reaches over and dumps a good amount in Kicking Bird's cu adding some more to his own for good measure.
99) 8) text: Wind In His Hair's interest borders on rude. Prompted by light tap on his leg from Kicking Bird, Wind In His Hair  turns his attention back to Dunbar.
99) 12) text: Kicking Bird and Wind In His Hair are baffled. The lieutenant is trying to jam a wadded blanket under th back of his tunic.
99) 15) text: Kicking Bird doesn't respond. He's still intent on the  lieutenant. In wedging the blanket under his tunic, Dunba has become a hunchback. He bends over in a weird attitude and with a finger peeking over each side of his head, he  begins a bizarre display of dancing, punctuated with snor and bellows.
99) 16) dialog: Buffalo.
99) 18) dialog: (slowly) Buffalo.
99) 20) text: Kicking Bird nods his assent and Dunbar flashes a pleased smile.
100) 0) text: Dunbar is watching Kicking Bird and Wind In His Hair walk their horses up the ridge to meet the waiting escort. Eac horse has a gift of coffee and sugar slung over its withe Occasionally, Wind In His Hair dips a hand into one of th bags and carefully licks each finger. Dunbar waves up at them but there is no response.
101) 2) text: Dunbar is standing in the same spot, it is a new day Leaving their ever present escort behind, Kicking Bird an Wind In His Hair ride into the fort. Kicking Bird's pony is carrying something large and bulky his withers. A buffalo robe. Dunbar walks up to greet the Kicking Bird returns the welcome and signs to him as he  speaks.
101) 3) dialog: Have you seen any buffalo?
101) 4) text: Dunbar can only shake his head no. Kicking Bird accepts this and dismounts. Dunbar throws his customary wave but the escort remains  noncommittal.
103) 0) text: It's raining. High on a hill, the Indian escort waits  stoically, horses heads bowed in the drizzle. On the haun of one of the ponies is a single deer. Down below, Wind In His Hair and Kicking Bird are still  mounted and converse with Dunbar using sign talk.
103) 5) text: Kicking Bird and Wind In His Hair disappear over the hill followed by their escort. Lightning bursts far out on the prairie.
104) 0) text: Dunbar huddles beneath the warmth of his buffalo robe. He finishing up the second of two drawings. It is a portrait Wind In His Hair, he carefully titles it "The Fierce One. He has already completed a likeness of Kicking Bird and  underneath it the words "The Quiet One."
105) 1) dialog: Stands With A Fist.
105) 3) dialog: We will talk awhile.
106) 0) text: Except for Kicking Bird and Stands With A Fist, the tipi empty. They are just seating themselves at the firepit in the center of the lodge. A brief silence, during which Ki Bird studies the girl with the bowed head.
106) 1) dialog: Your wounds are healing well?
106) 3) dialog: You are happy here, with my family?
106) 5) dialog: Perhaps you will marry again when  the time is right.
106) 7) text: Kicking Bird is leading up to something and Stands With A Fist fears it. She keeps her head bowed.
106) 8) dialog: We have word from many places that  the whites are...
106) 9) text: Kicking Bird stops himself, he knows this must be hard. S brings her green eyes to bear on the medicine man, waitin to hear more.
106) 10) dialog: They are coming into everyone's  country. They will soon be in ours I  think. This white man who lives at  the old soldier fort, the one who  calls himself loo ten tant... I have  visited him and I believe his heart  is a good one. He knows things about  the whites which we do not.
106) 13) dialog: He is only one man.
106) 15) dialog: Every warrior in camp would fight  them if they tried.
106) 17) dialog: I cannot make the white man talk.  Loo ten tant does not know Sioux.
106) 18) text: Kicking Bird waits. Still she does not raise her head.
106) 19) dialog: You have a certain medicine which no  other Sioux -- man or woman -- has.
106) 21) dialog: I do not ask this for myself... I  ask this for all our people.
106) 23) dialog: I want you to try and remember the  the word.
106) 25) dialog: You don't want to know.
107) 0) text: Stands With A Fist rushes past BLACK SHAWL, her face cove with tears. Now Kicking Bird comes out. Black Shawl looks Kicking Bird, his face is not happy.
107) 2) dialog: Perhaps I am asking too much.
118) 0) text: Everyone has gathered around the great blaze. In the cent of the circle close to the fire, the buffalo men are danc Others are dancing too. The music is very loud. The little buckskin is out of his head with speed. He doe answer the bit when Dunbar first tries to pull him up. People scatter in all directions, as Dunbar and Cisco cha into their midst. Dunbar pulls back with all his might, and the buckskin si down. He's wet from his long ride, and Dunbar can't stay his back. As Cisco rears, he slides off and tumbles onto back. Angry warriors pile on top of him. Dunbar shouts out the  word for buffalo, yelling it over and over as the warrior pummel him. So many men have rushed into the fray that none can deal lieutenant a decisive blow. They roll about in the dust.  Just as Dunbar's cries have begun to lose their strength, feels a sudden lessening of the weight upon him. As the men pile off, Dunbar is left flat on his back. His lip is split and blood is streaming from his nose. He's looking into a familiar face. The man's head is cove with the full skin and feathers of an eagle. Kicking Bird
118) 2) text: Kicking Bird doesn't understand or can't hear. He brings face close to Dunbar's.
118) 4) dialog: Buffalo?
118) 6) text: Kicking Bird raises up and yells it out to his people.
118) 7) dialog: The buffalo have come.
119) 0) text: A wide stretch of prairie, falling away to nothing. The buffalo have left a trail in the form of a tremendous swath of torn-up ground, several hundred yards from side side. Indians on horseback move into the picture. Most of Ten Bears' camp is moving out in a long, noisy co Spirits are high. First come the lead scouts, followed by Ten Bears and his advisors, Kicking Bird and wind In His  Hair among them. A large body of warriors come next. Behi these men are the women, children and elderly. Dunbar is  riding at the head of the last group. The attitudes of the people have changed significantly. P who catch his eye are openly smiling at the lieutenant. An old woman comes alongside and offers him a piece of dr meat, patting his hand as he takes it. Here comes Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter, all on ponies,  galloping up beside him. They want to play.
121) 0) text: The day has grown hot as the column continues its march  through changing terrain. Dunbar is suffering some. The heat and dust are monstrous At the moment however, he's most concerned with Stands Wi A Fist. She's riding closeby and he watches her with inte It's easier to see now that she was once white. Suddenly she looks in his direction. The lieutenant quick tips his hat, but she turns her shy eyes away before he h finished the motion. Kicking Bird is riding down the line. The medicine man  gestures Dunbar forward and the lieutenant guides Cisco o of line. Through her tangled hair, Stands With A Fist watches the  soldier and the medicine man ride up the line.
122) 0) text: Dunbar and Kicking Bird are riding together at the flank Ten Bears' entourage. Far in the distance, the lieutenant sees something strang on the prairie... pink bumps are dotting the landscape up ahead. And black specks are moving about on the bumps.
123) 0) text: Beneath droves of scavenging black birds lies the body of buffalo. His hide has been peeled off and his tongue has  been cut out. The rest of his body has been left to rot i the sun. The column, so noisy and happy before, winds its way thro the killing ground in silence. There must be twenty-five  buffalo like the one we saw close up, all of them strippe and rotting. Dunbar looks queasy. The lieutenant glances at the medici man riding next to him. Kicking Bird looks sick too. Dunb looks away. The entire column is stretched along the kill ground, looking. A naked cow, covered with birds, lies on her side. Her ne born calf, doomed to death, cries for his dead mother. An next to the calf, Dunbar sees something else. He sees wag tracks and the booted footprints of white men.
125) 0) text: While Kicking Bird's lodge rises behind her, Stands With Fist digs out a firepit. She looks up from her work. Watching bashfully from several yards away is Lieutenant  Dunbar. Now that she has seen him he starts forward, perh to try some more talk.
125) 1) dialog: Loo ten tant...
125) 2) text: Dunbar turns to find Kicking Bird sitting on a pony just  behind him. Two dozen mounted BUFFALO SCOUTS are gathered around him. Kicking Bird points at Cisco, indicating that Dunbar should join them. Tipping his hat to Stands With A Fist, Dunbar hustles awa to his horse. Stands With A Fist faces the pit she's digging, not bothe to look up as hoofbeats drum their way out of the tempora camp. She seems to have lost herself in her own hands... hands that are digging out the soft prairie earth. There is crying but when Stands With A Fist looks up ther is just one of Kicking Bird's children standing there smi at her. She goes back to her digging.
128) 0) text: With Kicking Bird and the other buffalo scouts, Lieutenan Dunbar is sneaking up one side of the draw. They all reac the summit together and peer over. They are there by the thousands, grazing quietly in the  twilight. The buffalo.
134) 0) text: The hunters are advancing across the prairie, spreading o in a formation that will encircle part of the herd. The lightning bolts on Wind In His Hair's pony are in mot Cisco's bolts are moving too. There's a lump in Dunbar's throat. He knows nothing of wh is expected of him but he's doing it anyway. He glances t his right at Wind In His Hair and to his left at Kicking  Bird. They're both concentrated on what lies ahead. From the corner of his eye, he sees Kicking Bird look bac The lieutenant looks too. It's a minor flap. Three or four youngsters, eager to  distinguish themselves have trailed too close to the hunt and are being turned back. Dunbar recognizes one of them the boy who took charge of Cisco at the village... Smiles Lot. Like Kicking Bird, Dunbar swings his face back to the fro They're close enough now to hear the low bellowing of the herd.
142) 0) text: Wind In His Hair finishes sucking on the rib bone and tos it to a dog that's been trailing him. Kicking Bird is wal toward him. He notices the new tunic and gives wind In Hi Hair a dubious look.
142) 1) dialog: Where is loo ten tant?
142) 3) text: Kicking Bird reaches out and feels the strange material o either side of Wind In His Hair's chest.
142) 5) dialog: Does it scratch the skin?
143) 4) text: The lieutenant does a step or two, trying to explain. Fin that strange half-smile appears on Kicking Bird's face.
145) 0) text: The fire is still burning in the center of the lodge. Dun is sleeping soundly. It's not a moment later that we hear the soft sounds of  mumbling somewhere in the lodge. Then it's quiet. There's that mumbling again. And now a woman's giggle. Dunbar stirs, waking and curious, sits up a little and lo across the fire. There is movement on Kicking Bird's plat The medicine man's head and that of his wife come into vi for a second or two before they sink back down into shado The movements and sound that follow become more forceful. They're having sex. Embarrassed, the lieutenant averts his eyes, they happen  over the forms of Kicking Bird's deeply sleeping children the low-burning fire, and settle on Stands With A Fist's  back. Lieutenant Dunbar, the sounds of lovemaking floating over him, peers again in that direction only to meet the smili eyes of Kicking Bird and his wife. Embarrassed again, he stares open-eyed at the ceiling. He looks like a man who knows something is happening but doe know what it is. Stands With A Fist's eyes are open too. She doesn't move.
155) 6) text: The wolf races away this time and Dunbar immediately runs for Cisco, hoping to reach his horse and ditch Two Socks. But he's running long before the wolf comes bouncing  alongside. Dunbar weaves out at him, startling Two Socks. sidles away but as he does the lieutenant reaches out and gives the base of his tail a good hard squeeze. It might as well be a firecracker. Tow Socks gives a yelp and shoots off with his tail tucked. Dunbar laughs out lo He watches until the wolf has gone a fair distance withou sign of slowing down. Then still chuckling to himself, he turns once again and  starts for Cisco at a trot. But moments later, something  grabs at one of his ankles, the lieutenant's legs tangle he goes down face first into the grass. Dunbar's lying on his belly. Not knowing what hit him, he rolls onto his side for a closer look. There's Two Socks, sitting in the grass a few feet back. Dunbar sits up cros legged and smiles at his old friend. Two Socks catches something suddenly, perhaps from a shif in the wind, and starts to slink away. Dunbar peers over grass up at the bluff. It's Stone Calf, Kicking Bird and  Wind In His Hair.
156) 0) text: The Indian entourage is riding slowly toward Lieutenant  Dunbar. Stone Calf is at Kicking Bird's side.
156) 2) text: Kicking Bird watches Dunbar as he replies.
156) 3) dialog: Yes, he is special... he should have  a real name.
158) 0) text: The escorts dismount and so does the lieutenant. Smiles A Lot suddenly comes forward and grasps Cisco's reins. Ther a brief tug of war. But before it gets out of hand, Kicki Bird is reassuring Dunbar with calm words and a smile, wi the lieutenant watching, the boy takes Cisco's muzzle bet his hands and blows breath into each nostril. He too give Dunbar a reassuring smile. In the next moment, the lieutenant finds himself being ge pushed into Kicking Bird's lodge. As Kicking Bird is about to duck in behind him, a hand on his arm stops him. It is Wind In His Hair and his tone is strong with friendly advice.
158) 2) dialog: I know.
159) 0) text: Kicking Bird's pipe is a beautiful piece of work. It's be smoked. Kicking Bird puffs away a few times and hands the pipe to Dunbar. The lieutenant, aware that the pipe is something  special, handles it with care. He looks to Kicking Bird for guidance as he puts his mout to the tip. The medicine man reassures him with a wave of the hand and Dunbar begins to puff. Dunbar coughs lightly at the harsh tobacco but he smokes  well, watching the bowl pulse with life at each puff. He stops now and lowers the pipe. He stares down. The pip seems almost alive as it lays in his hands. Dunbar hands the pipe back, and as Kicking Bird takes it hears the light tinkling of bells. Dunbar hears it too. As he looks toward the sound, a shad falls across the arbor's entrance.
159) 1) dialog: We were waiting for you.
159) 2) text: Stands With A Fist ducks through the arbor's entrance and seats herself between Dunbar and Kicking Bird. Stands With A Fist is wearing a band of bells around one  ankle. She has a pair of simple but pretty moccasins on h feet. Her dress is old but well-cared for. Animal teeth a sewn along her bodice. On her wrist is a solid brass brac Her hair is tied back loosely with a bret, accenting the  feminine in her face. Her whiteness seems to show more than ever. But it is not dominant. The Sioux is dominant.
159) 3) dialog: (to Dunbar) Welcome. It is good that you are  here.
159) 4) text: Kicking Bird looks to Stands With A Fist. She takes her t and the words are accented but they are close enough.
159) 9) dialog: Ask him why he is at the soldier  fort.
159) 14) dialog: What does he say?
159) 16) dialog: Ahhh... He's right. I'm sorry.
159) 28) text: A brief silence. Kicking Bird seems ready to speak but Du is too quick.
160) 0) text: Kicking Bird and Dunbar are strolling through camp engage in a real conversation, Stands With A Fist is just behind them.
160) 2) text: Kicking Bird and Stands With A Fist are walking away from Dunbar, who takes a few steps in the opposite direction b pausing. Toward the end of the following speech he glance back at them and Stands With A Fist glances back at him.
161) 2) text: The lodge flap rustles and in comes Stands With A Fist an Kicking Bird. Dunbar stands to greet them.
161) 4) text: Kicking Bird speaks and Stands With A Fist translates.
161) 13) text: She translates this to Kicking Bird. The medicine man  hesitates then speaks once more.
161) 15) text: Dunbar looks to Kicking Bird then to Stands With A Fist u to mask his disappointment.
162) 0) text: Black Shawl is hurrying out of the lodge with her husband bow and arrows. A war party of twenty warriors is mounted and everyone ex sleeping children is out to say goodbye. Stands With A Fist is helping to load Kicking Bird's hors with last minute preparations. Out of the tipi comes Kick Bird's eldest child. He is sleepy but almost on the verge tears as he knows what is happening. Kicking Bird picks up the boy. What is said is between fa and son. And it is just a look. He hands the child to Stands With A Fist, and pauses to s with his wife. She comes close to tears but there will be crying. None from Kicking Bird either. He steps back to h horse.
162) 1) dialog: (to Stands With A  Fist) Keep on with the white man talk if  it pleases you.
191) 0) text: Dances With Wolves steps into the lodge, followed by Smil A Lot. They both have rifles and Dances With Wolves' old  long-barreled revolver is holstered at his waist. Before him is a quiet, tense scene. The women are huddled together on a single sleeping platf Kicking Bird's three children nestled between them. Two o the kids are crying softly. Black Shawl grips a hatchet and Stands With A Fist has a  rifle. They will both fight. But they are both scared.  Everyone in the village has a life at stake. In one glimp Dances With Wolves understands what he will be fighting f He looks once more at the women and children and ducks ou of the lodge.
206) 0) text: The war party with Kicking Bird and Wind In His Hair at i head has halted in the middle of nowhere. The Sioux rider are coming toward them at a run. They pull up, excited wi what they have to tell. The returning war party and the two riders who met them s ahead at a gallop.
208) 2) text: Kicking Bird gives his wife an odd look.
208) 3) dialog: I don't know.
208) 5) text: Kicking Bird rises on his elbows.
208) 6) dialog: Something has happened? Well what?
208) 8) dialog: With who?
208) 10) dialog: Are you certain of this?
208) 12) text: Kicking Bird stares wearily across the floor.
208) 13) dialog: What are people saying? They're not  angry?
208) 15) dialog: I suppose I will be the one to say  something.
208) 18) text: Kicking Bird glances up frustrated with himself.
209) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is walking through the village with Ki Bird's youngest child. They're both carrying armloads of  firewood. Here comes Kicking Bird. He's out of breath.
209) 1) dialog: Stands With A Fist.
209) 3) dialog: You are no longer a widow.
209) 4) text: Kicking Bird turns abruptly and stalks off, leaving Stand With A Fist to ponder the meaning of his curt announcemen A smile gradually works onto her face.
213) 0) text: Dances With Wolves ties the last of the ponies in front o Kicking Bird's lodge and starts back toward his own home.
217) 0) text: Kicking Bird is leading the wedding party. Stands With A  Fist by his side. She glows with the special beauty of a  bride. Many people are standing about quietly, more like simple  observers than participants. The whole village is as peac as we will ever see it. Kicking Bird steps forward, his wife and Stands With A Fi following in his footsteps.
217) 1) dialog: This is a good day for me.
217) 3) dialog: Stands With A Fist... if you want  this man, take his hand in yours.
217) 4) text: Shyly, she holds out a slender, graceful hand. Dances wit Wolves meets it with one of his own. The medicine man looks Dances With Wolves in the eyes for several seconds. Dances With Wolves also begins to speak... internally. At first the volume of his voice and that of the medicine ma are nearly equal, but Kicking Bird's voice quickly begins fade.
217) 7) dialog: Have you heard all that I have said?
217) 9) dialog: Good, then take her inside... she is  your wife.
218) 11) text: The boys look at each other for the first time, their eye brightening. What a great idea! The two boys are stalking toward Dances With Wolves' lodg when they see something that makes them peel off in anoth direction. It's Kicking Bird, coming to call.
218) 12) dialog: Dances With Wolves, are you in there?
218) 14) dialog: I am riding today to a far away place.  It is a place I haven't seen for a  long time. A sacred place. I would  like you to come with me.
219) 0) text: Kicking Bird and Dances With Wolves are cantering side by side across the open prairie. They pull their horses to a walk and Kicking Bird glances Dances With Wolves' direction. Dances With Wolves' glances back and smiles.
219) 2) dialog: Yes it must be.
219) 4) dialog: No waiting?
219) 7) dialog: I was just thinking that of all the  trails in this life, there is one  that matters more than all the others.  It is the trail of a true human being.  I think you are on this trail and it  is good to see.
220) 0) text: Dances With Wolves and Kicking Bird gallop their horses t the crest of a steep hill and rein to a halt. Down below, miles distant, is the curving line of a river But there is a section of river, directly before them, th cannot be seen. It is screened by a mammoth stand of tree some of them towering a hundred feet or more. He glances at Dances With Wolves but his companion doesn' see. He's staring in wonder at the great forest before hi
220) 1) dialog: It is said that all the animals were  born here... that from here they  spread over the prairies to feed all  the people. Even our enemies say  this is a sacred place.
221) 0) text: The two riders come out of the sunlight and onto a shaded path leading into the forest. They've only gone a few yar when Kicking Bird pulls to a stop. The men sit on their h in complete silence. Dances With Wolves is still fully  entranced.
221) 2) text: But Kicking Bird does not acknowledge his companion's wor He seems to be concentrating on the quiet. The quiet is w and Kicking Bird knows it. He moves forward slowly. Following behind Kicking Bird, Dances With Wolves' attent is focused on the tree tops above him. A curious buzzing  sound has started up and is growing louder by the moment. Perhaps there are bees swarming in the branches overhead. Now he is distracted by Cisco coming to a stop. Kicking B too has stopped. Just ahead the forest opens into an  incredible cathedral-like expanse. Sunlight streams down  onto the floor in beautiful pools. But still there is a deathly quiet and Dances With Wolves can see now that this remarkable place has been horribly  desecrated. Trees have been felled everywhere, most of them left to r for no explicable reason. At the same time he sees this destruction Dances With Wol realizes that the strange buzzing sound is not coming fro overhead but from the forest floor. The insects are not bees. They are flies and they are swa over dozens of carcasses strewn over the ground. Badgers, skunks, squirrels and other small animals, nearly all of  them killed merely for target practice. The men and their ponies move on. Deer carcasses are  everywhere, many of them horribly mutilated. A choice fla portion is cut away here and there, while ninety-five per of the bodies have been left to rot. Heads and legs have been chopped off. Dances With Wolves  passes by a spot where several deer heads have been place nose to nose as if the heads were having a conversation.  Someone's perverted idea of humor. The men ride through the carnage in a sad daze. Now they reach the center of the cathedral and here they  find a few crude leantos, hewn from freshly cut wood. The people who stayed here had bigger plans for all the felle wood, but lost ambition and settled for these ugly hovels A great pile of wild turkeys, perhaps twenty birds in all sit to one side. They haven't even been plucked. Just sho and left to rot. Dances With Wolves notices half a dozen liquor bottles in heap of trash. He cannot bring himself to look at Kicking Bird. Any man  would be repulsed at these sights, but in Dances With Wol case there is a feeling of shame as well.
221) 4) text: Kicking Bird says nothing for a long time.
221) 5) dialog: No, they've been gone a week maybe  more... we will water the horses and  go home.
222) 0) text: Kicking Bird and Dances With Wolves are alone on a great of prairie. There's a little fire going. A sage hen is being roasted, but for some time we hear nothing but the light crackle o the fire. Each man is preoccupied with his own thoughts,  thoughts of the broken forest.
222) 4) dialog: Help me to know how many.
222) 6) text: This is what Kicking Bird wanted to know. And it hits him like a rock. Kicking Bird bows his head in thought while Dances With W raises his. He never wanted to say this, he wishes it was true.
223) 0) text: The old man puffs away at his trusty pipe. Now he lays it down. Kicking Bird and Dances With Wolves are waiting  patiently.
227) 2) dialog: We cannot wait for you.
230) 0) text: Ten Bears village is on the trail. Kicking Bird is riding down the line. He notices Stands With A Fist. She is terr distraught. Kicking Bird glances at the sun. The day is more than hal over. He kicks his pony back up the line next to Wind In Hair.
230) 1) dialog: Something has happened... Dances  With Wolves is not coming.
230) 3) dialog: Pick two good men with fast ponies  and send them back to the soldier  fort.
258) 0) text: Several men are gathered around Ten Bears' fire, includin Kicking Bird, Wind In His Hair and Dances With Wolves. All the men are draped with blankets. The wind is howling outside. The men are engaged in small talk as the pipe go around the circle. The pipe comes around to Dances With Wolves, and the man  next to him must nudge him to attention. Dances With Wolv takes the pipe and begins to smoke. Ten Bears watches him closely.
258) 8) text: Objections break out all around the fire. Wind In His Hai jumps to his feet and even Kicking Bird is protesting.
263) 0) text: Black Shawl watches as Kicking Bird slips a magnificent p into its buckskin case. Now he looks at her. The medicine man too is in a kind of pain we have not seen before.
264) 0) text: Carrying the pipe he made, Dances With Wolves walks throu the village. Suddenly he stops. Kicking Bird is standing the middle of the empty avenue. Like gunfighters, the two men approach each other at a sl and deliberate walk. Gradually they realize that each has selected the same pa gift. It's heartbreaking. Kicking Bird tries to cover wit casual question, but it's all fake.
264) 1) dialog: You've finished your pipe? How does  it smoke?
264) 4) dialog: It doesn't seem possible that we  could come this far.