21) 0) text: Sitting behind the desk, holding a set of orders is MAJOR FAMBROUGH.
21) 10) text: Fambrough returns to the order. Dunbar watches him in sil The major's tunic is covered with food stains. Sweat has  broken out all over his head. His grooming is awful. His  hands are trembling slightly. Something is very wrong wit him. Now the major sees something on the official paper. He lo quickly at the lieutenant, then back at the paper, moving his lips but making no sound.
21) 17) text: The major fixes Dunbar with a sly look.
21) 28) text: The major turns in his chair to stare through a single, d window. He can see a teamster outside, tying down canvas a heavily-loaded wagon.
21) 32) text: Dunbar turns around. Fambrough is standing in front of hi desk. There's a large, dark splotch on the major's trouse front. He jams both of his hands into the front of his pants and giggles.
24) 0) text: The insane face of Major Fambrough peeks around the corne of a building. On his head is a ridiculous, plumed hat. Now he looks both ways, as if preparing to cross a busy  street. Seeing that the coast is clear, he minces into th parade ground in front of headquarters. The plume is wavi in the breeze and the major carries something in each han an officer's sword and a revolver. Except for these items, the unfortunate major is naked. As he trots onto the parade ground, Fambrough is startled find that Elgin is following him. He begins to run faster Fambrough halts near the center of the parade ground and  turns back on the lieutenant and waves his pistol menacin
231) 7) text: Dances With Wolves only blinks at him. His cheek is crush and so is his spirit. Someone calls attention and two officers walk into the  roofless supply house. One is a MAJOR, one is a young  lieutenant -- Lieutenant Elgin -- the officer Dances With Wolves bumped into at Fort Hays. Neither one recognizes t other.
231) 8) dialog: Does he speak english?
231) 12) dialog: Who are you?
231) 14) dialog: Why are you dressed like this?
231) 16) text: The major and the lieutenant exchange whispers.
231) 24) text: Elgin indicates to the major that he will get to the bott of this and walks out the door -- the major follows. Dances With Wolves lets his head slump forward. The men  gathered around the supply house murmur among themselves, commenting on the prisoner. They can't take their eyes of him. Neither can Sergeant Bauer. He watches the prisoner  from a distance. Then he walks across the floor, squats i front of him and whispers coarsely in his face.
231) 28) text: The major and the lieutenant suddenly reappear.
233) 8) dialog: We will ascertain that for ourselves.  Now if you guide us to these camps  and serve as an interpreter, your  conduct will be reevaluated.
233) 10) dialog: Your status as a traitor might improve  should you choose to cooperate with  the United States Army.
233) 12) text: Elgin can see that the major's attitude and inexperience killed any chance of communication. He makes one last try his own.
233) 14) dialog: Well, speak up...
233) 16) dialog: What's that?
233) 18) text: The major is surprised. Elgin is not. The major turns on heel and walks out. Lieutenant Elgin stares at Dances Wit Wolves.
256) 0) text: We follow a pair of boots walking in the snow. Pan up to  find an ORDERLY bringing coffee to a MAJOR. He is surroun by other officers and in front of him a large column of m is moving toward the snow covered mountains. The Major tosses the remaining coffee in a fire and he  prepares to mount. We pan up with the smoke and the steam.