6) 0) text: Some of the confederate riflemen can see the wild rider h for their lines. A sharpshooter (RAY) calls over his shou
6) 1) dialog: Tucker!
14) 0) text: Dunbar swerves in a little closer to the wall as he appro the other half of the confederate ranks. They're standing ready, like a firing squad. Tucker has just reached the side of Ray the sharpshooter. The lieutenant shuts; his eyes, lets the reins flop on th buckskin's neck and spreads his arms as they thunder towa the line of riflemen. Ray's finger squeezes the trigger, his keen eye sights do the barrel of his gun. THUD... a rifle ball buries itself Ray's forehead.
59) 0) text: Considerable time has passed. Dunbar, bundled warmly agai the chill of an oncoming storm, and Cisco are coming back into camp from a hunting foray. A brace of grouse is slun over Cisco's withers.
118) 0) text: Everyone has gathered around the great blaze. In the cent of the circle close to the fire, the buffalo men are danc Others are dancing too. The music is very loud. The little buckskin is out of his head with speed. He doe answer the bit when Dunbar first tries to pull him up. People scatter in all directions, as Dunbar and Cisco cha into their midst. Dunbar pulls back with all his might, and the buckskin si down. He's wet from his long ride, and Dunbar can't stay his back. As Cisco rears, he slides off and tumbles onto back. Angry warriors pile on top of him. Dunbar shouts out the  word for buffalo, yelling it over and over as the warrior pummel him. So many men have rushed into the fray that none can deal lieutenant a decisive blow. They roll about in the dust.  Just as Dunbar's cries have begun to lose their strength, feels a sudden lessening of the weight upon him. As the men pile off, Dunbar is left flat on his back. His lip is split and blood is streaming from his nose. He's looking into a familiar face. The man's head is cove with the full skin and feathers of an eagle. Kicking Bird
135) 0) text: A strike far up on the horned formation. Their ponies lea forward. The mad dash is on. Dunbar's hat flies off at first spurt and now the lieuten and his horse are hurling over the prairie. The little  buckskin seems to know what is expected of him and has pu every ounce of his muscle to speed. They're burning up th ground. When Dunbar looks back over his shoulder, he's shocked to find that the best buffalo ponies the Sioux's have are fa behind. He and Cisco are on their own. The herd is in full flight and the sound of their stamped is overwhelming. The buffalo are very fast but Cisco is  gaining with every stride. They've formed a great running wall in front of him and now Dunbar can see their rumps a tails and flying hooves. Dunbar takes a solid grip on his rifle and shuts his eyes if in prayer. The sound of thousands of hooves is deafeni Dunbar and Cisco have caught the buffalo. A few more stri and they'll be in. Dunbar and Cisco are running with the buffalo. A shaggy h moves in and swipes at Cisco, but the little horse is too quick and too smart. He dodges away, nearly dumping the  lieutenant in the process. Dunbar rights himself and fires. It's a wild shot, only  grazing the buffalo's shoulder. The report of the gun  instantly scatters the herd and Dunbar pulls up, dust swi all around him.
175) 8) text: Stands With A Fist bolts up, racing to the lodge flap -- pulls it aside and is stunned by the sight of Dances With Wolves' abandoned lodge -- Cisco is nowhere to be seen. She turns away, tears coming to her eyes. Black Shawl is  beside her watching -- the girl's emotions have betrayed  her. Black Shawl takes the crying girl into her arms. A child  runs into the lodge but Black Shawl indicates "not now." The message is clearly understood, and the child digs in heels and heads the other way.