5) 0) text: And just behind the other wall are UNION MEN, better equi perhaps, but just as weary as their enemies. We hold on one man, an enlisted soldier, SERGEANT PEPPER. chances to glance behind and squints at a strange sight. A solitary officer is standing a few feet behind him. The sun is at his back, giving him a ghostly feel. Eerily he  takes a step or two forward. He's limping badly. The sergeant recognizes him. It's Dunbar.
5) 2) text: Dunbar says nothing. He just stands and stares. It unnerv the sergeant.
5) 5) text: The sergeant stares at Dunbar's foot.
5) 8) text: A ping of riflefire flies overhead and the sergeant dives for the wall. He calls over his shoulder.
5) 10) text: Dunbar settles next to the sergeant.
5) 12) text: The sergeant nods at the distant hill and Dunbar looks to
5) 16) text: More riflefire comes in and some of the union men answer  with a few rounds of their own. The sergeant watches the  confederate line across the field through a crack in the  wall. Lieutenant Dunbar is not watching the enemy. He's looking some horses picketed in the trees behind the union lines. There's a nice bay. There's a big roan.
5) 18) text: Dunbar is still watching the horses. He's holding on a sm well-muscled buckskin standing a little apart from the ot CISCO. Now he moves away from the wall, heading for the horses. The sergeant squeezes off a shot. Squinting across the fi he sees a rifle with a hat on the tip of its bayonet wavi at him disrespectfully. The sergeant rolls on his side to reload. He keeps on talking to the lieutenant, but the  lieutenant is gone.
5) 20) text: The sergeant's chatter is interrupted by a sound... the s of hoofbeats rushing in behind him. Men on either side ar scattering, but there's no time for the sergeant. He turn to the sound and cringes against the wall as the buckskin belly of a horse soars over his head. Dunbar and his horse hit the ground with a thud and dig f the confederate line.
20) 0) text: Silhouetted against the outside, Lieutenant Dunbar pauses the wide doorway of headquarters. We can hear the distant sounds of work and life coming from the outside but in he it's strangely quiet. A SERGEANT sits at a desk in the foyer. Across the way, a another desk, is an enlisted CLERK. Both men glance from  their paperwork at the man in the doorway. But it's only glance and they go right on shuffling paper. Footfalls sound in a hallway and a blue-eyed officer with slick, black hair swings into the foyer. He too has a  slackness that echoes the dreariness of this post. The blue-eyed officer, LIEUTENANT ELGIN, and Dunbar meet the doorway. Dunbar glances down at a scrap of paper in h hand.
24) 3) text: Now Elgin sees a GRIZZLED SERGEANT approaching Fambrough  from the opposite direction.
24) 4) dialog: Leave him alone lieutenant... he's  cracked.
24) 5) text: Fambrough turns on the voice behind him and waves his pis at the sergeant.
24) 7) text: But Fambrough finds himself staring at the barrel of the  sergeant's raised pistol.
24) 13) dialog: (to Elgin) Don't do it.
231) 0) text: Dances With Wolves lies unconscious on the floor of the r supply house. One side of his face is grotesquely swollen from the blow he took. Blood still seeps from a long spli of the skin along his cheek. He groans. Voice are playing about his ears, the voices o white men. He opens his eyes. A bearish, bearded SERGEANT BAUER, is squatting directly front of him. Behind the sergeant, peering over the crumb walls like visitors at a zoo, are a crowd of ordinary  soldiers.
231) 4) dialog: Tell the major he's wakin' up... and  move your worthless ass.
231) 5) text: The sergeant's smallish eyes are fixed on Dances With Wol With some effort he manages to get himself into a sitting position against the back wall.
231) 6) dialog: Got yourself a helluva shiner, didn't  ya?
231) 9) dialog: Don't know sir... you speak english?  Talk english? (kicking at one of  Dances With Wolves'  boots) Talk?
231) 24) text: Elgin indicates to the major that he will get to the bott of this and walks out the door -- the major follows. Dances With Wolves lets his head slump forward. The men  gathered around the supply house murmur among themselves, commenting on the prisoner. They can't take their eyes of him. Neither can Sergeant Bauer. He watches the prisoner  from a distance. Then he walks across the floor, squats i front of him and whispers coarsely in his face.
231) 25) dialog: You turned Injun, din'cha?
231) 27) dialog: Din'cha?
233) 3) text: Sergeant Bauer shoves Dances With Wolves with his gun.
237) 1) dialog: Lap it up Injun.
237) 3) dialog: Go on ahead Injun... You'll just get  hungrier is all... but mebbe that  don't matter. Word is they're gonna  ship you back to Hays. And they'll  hang you once you get there.
241) 4) text: Sergeant Bauer fires his own round. Everyone has missed.  Bauer is jamming another cartridge into the chamber.
247) 0) text: In the midst of the smoke and confusion of the battle, Ba has made his way to the cover of the weeds along the rive bank. Crashing through the thicket, he comes to a clearing and  there in the shallows, comes face to face with Smiles A L The boy is standing in the shallows holding the extra hor The boy is so frightened at the sudden sight of this whit soldier that he doesn't move. Bauer sticks his revolver i Smiles A Lot's face and pulls the trigger. But the hammer only clicks. The gun is empty. Bauer pistol-whips the boy, knocking him to the ground an grabs for the closest of the horses. But the ponies are a stirred up now and starting to run down the river. Bauer succeeds in grabbing a hunk of mane, but the horse  he's gotten hold of is moving too fast for him to get on. But now Bauer hears a bone-chilling whoop. Wind In His Ha is coming. His pony plows through the water at full speed. A skullcr dangles from one hand. The warrior begins to whirl it aro Terrified, Bauer turns to run. Before he can take a step, hatchet buries itself to the hilt. Smiles A Lot is at the other end. But Bauer is not through. His hands are around the boy's neck, choking him with his last seconds of life. A larger than life Wind In His Hair draws even and swings his club. Bauer's head explodes,  covering Smiles A Lot in blood -- the sergeant's hands ca be seen.