71) 0) text: A teenaged boy, SMILES A LOT and his two buddies OTTER an WORM lie prone outside Ten Bears' home. They are peeking  under the tipi's rolled-up sides. Their eyes are wide, fo inside there's plenty to see and hear. The village's most influential warriors have squeezed into the lodge for thi big and important meeting
73) 0) text: Inside the meeting is breaking up. But Smiles A Lot is no longer watching. He's lost in thought, as if he has got  something on his mind. Now he comes out of it. With a last look into the lodge, sneaks off into the night.
74) 0) text: Three boys Otter, Worm and their leader Smiles A Lot, are riding to the fort. Smiles A Lot stops, just realizing that the other two hav fallen behind. He rides back to investigate.
74) 1) dialog: What's the matter now?
74) 3) text: Smiles a Lot trots his pony over to Otter.
74) 4) dialog: If we take the horse of a white god  they will make up songs about us.
74) 6) dialog: They will ask us to go on raids.
74) 8) dialog: I do... but we share... you and Worm  can ride him too. Who can say this  is not a great plan?
76) 1) dialog: Let me take him Otter.
76) 3) text: To Smiles A Lot's amazement, Otter is suddenly gone. He's zooming backward in midair. Otter comes to ground a few yards back, throwing up a puf of dust. Cisco has screeched to a halt. Now he rears up,  twisting until the rope is free of Otter. Then he sticks tail in the air and makes tracks in the direction of the  fort. Worm chases after Cisco as Smiles A Lot sees to Ott
77) 0) text: Smiles A Lot pulls his pony up next to Otter and peers do at the fallen boy.
77) 1) dialog: What happened?
77) 3) dialog: You shouldn't have fallen down...  now we'll get in trouble.
77) 5) dialog: My idea was only to take the horse.
77) 7) dialog: Otter hurt himself.
77) 8) text: Worm shakes his head in frustration. Otter grabs a handfu of dirt and flings it at Smiles A Lot and Worm.
91) 0) text: Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter (who now sports a crude spli on his arm) are occupying an open space in the midst of a huge pony herd. They should be on guard against enemies but the three boy are sitting on the ground, absorbed in a gambling game.
95) 0) text: Otter, Worm and Smiles A Lot are riding in, drawn by the  ruckus in the village. They see the white soldier oh his  horse leaving the camp. They see the tumult in the villag and realize they are in trouble, again. Some of the young, mounted warriors are shouting taunts a the departing soldier, calling for him to come back and f They seem set to take out after him when Kicking Bird sud appears in front of their ponies.
119) 0) text: A wide stretch of prairie, falling away to nothing. The buffalo have left a trail in the form of a tremendous swath of torn-up ground, several hundred yards from side side. Indians on horseback move into the picture. Most of Ten Bears' camp is moving out in a long, noisy co Spirits are high. First come the lead scouts, followed by Ten Bears and his advisors, Kicking Bird and wind In His  Hair among them. A large body of warriors come next. Behi these men are the women, children and elderly. Dunbar is  riding at the head of the last group. The attitudes of the people have changed significantly. P who catch his eye are openly smiling at the lieutenant. An old woman comes alongside and offers him a piece of dr meat, patting his hand as he takes it. Here comes Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter, all on ponies,  galloping up beside him. They want to play.
119) 1) dialog: Loo ten tant...
136) 0) text: Sioux hunters stream past him, every man for himself zero in on targets. Dunbar starts to dismount but something he sees stops him A hundred yards away a small hunter is after a handful of buffalo who have splintered off from the rest. It's Smile Lot, trying to make a kill of his own. As Dunbar watches, the boy's inexperienced horse shies away and bucks, pitch the kid to the ground. A big bull breaks away from the splinter group, lowers hi head and charges. Dunbar kicks Cisco into a run, spits a spare bullet from mouth and rams it into the chamber. Smiles A Lot is picking himself off the ground. The bull in full charge. Dunbar is riding with his knees. Both hands are holding t rifle. He'll never make it to the boy in time. He's got t make the shot. He squeezes the trigger. The bullet plows home, exploding the bull's heart. The bi buffalo's legs collapse but the momentum of his charge pu him into a skid. He comes to rest only a few yards away f Smiles A Lot. The boy stands as the lieutenant rides up. Smiles A Lot i dazed but he's okay. Dunbar hops off next to the dead buffalo. He's a huge one real grandfather and the lieutenant loses himself for a f moments in contemplation of this tremendous kill. Now he  looks back to check the boy. Smiles A Lot has caught his pony and is racing away from scene of his humiliation. The sounds of approaching riders turns Dunbar's attention a different direction. The entire village is streaming onto the plains for the  butchering. The riders bearing down on him are being lead by Wind In Hair. Wind In His Hair jumps off his pony and, smiling broadly, slaps Dunbar's back with a good-natured blow of  congratulations.
147) 0) text: The camera pans off the tipi to the eastern horizon. It's the pony herd. And Dunbar is walking in that directi His feet leave a trail in the wet grass. First one, then two, then whole groups of ponies lift the heads and prick their ears at Dunbar's approach. Dunbar walks to the edge of this great sea of horses, he  stops and gives a long whistle. A figure, previously unseen, sits up on the back of a pon It's Smiles A Lot. He and Dunbar glance blankly at each o But in a moment, both are distracted by movement in the h Horses are being gently eased out of the way by Cisco who answering Dunbar's call. A moment later and they are reun at the edge of the herd. Grasping a hunk of Cisco's mane, Dunbar starts to lead hi back to the village. The temporary camp is starting to co to life. And with Cisco at his side, Dunbar pauses to tak in the scene.
158) 0) text: The escorts dismount and so does the lieutenant. Smiles A Lot suddenly comes forward and grasps Cisco's reins. Ther a brief tug of war. But before it gets out of hand, Kicki Bird is reassuring Dunbar with calm words and a smile, wi the lieutenant watching, the boy takes Cisco's muzzle bet his hands and blows breath into each nostril. He too give Dunbar a reassuring smile. In the next moment, the lieutenant finds himself being ge pushed into Kicking Bird's lodge. As Kicking Bird is about to duck in behind him, a hand on his arm stops him. It is Wind In His Hair and his tone is strong with friendly advice.
164) 29) dialog: ...a bone.
180) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
180) 2) text: Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter are sitting pathside. Worm i holding a sack.
180) 4) text: Smiles A Lot looks to Stands With A Fist.
180) 12) text: Worm and Otter laugh and race off down the path. Smiles A Lot and Dances With Wolves follow, Dances With W a little ahead. Something on his back, something curious, has captured Smiles A Lot's attention. There's a strange coating of fuzz on Dances With Wolves'  back. Something occurs to Smiles A Lot. He stops and turns, his eyes going up the trail. Stands With A Fist is walking toward the village, it's th on her back too... cattail fuzz. Smiles A Lot laughs and runs to catch Dances With Wolves. The boy slaps Dunbar with a knowing pat and a big grin.
185) 7) text: Ten Bears looks briefly at Smiles A Lot. He too can see  resolve in the boy's face. Now he looks once again at Dan With Wolves. He nods.
186) 0) text: Rain is pouring now. Thunder is still booming. A great fo of lightning illuminates the ruins of the old fort. And  nearby, it reveals two riders out in the grass. Dances With Wolves and Smiles A Lot have brought a couple extra horses with travois, but is is dark and in the rain they've been reduced to looking for a needle in a haystac Dances With Wolves' face is grim with frustration as it c the ground at Cisco's feet. Smiles A Lot and his pony are walking the soggy ground. O the tumult of the storm there is the faint but distinct s of a "snap". He's staring curiously at the ground beneath his pony's f Smiles a Lot jumps off and, going on all fours, he paws o the ground. His hand grasps something and he holds it up to his face. It's a sliver of bone shattered at one end. Quickly he gr some more and finds the other half. Together they are a  buffalo rib.
186) 1) dialog: (shouting over the  storm) Dances With Wolves... Dances With  Wolves.
188) 2) text: Smiles A Lot stops. Dances With Wolves squints into the f light. He can see the outline of the village below, but  upriver the light is still too murky to make anything out Another bolt of lightning flashes. There they are. A long line of horsemen crossing river a mile or so upstream fro the village. The Pawnee.
204) 0) text: The Toughest has his knife to Stone Calf's forehead and i preparing to scalp his victim when something strikes him the lower leg. He looks down to find a small arrow imbedded in his calf. looks up to see three boys, Otter, Worm, and Smiles A Lot huddled at the edge of the battlefield. He turns back to finish the job when another arrow hits h Enraged he breaks off the arrow, leaps onto a horse and  charges the kids. Their faces go ashen as the Toughest bears down on them. Otter's arrow flies weakly into the air. The boys turn an run for their lives. The Toughest would catch them with ease but now, he sees  half a dozen howling Sioux warriors angling in to cut him off. He knows in a glance that the fight has been lost. H also knows that he can still escape if he changes directi He veers for the river. The Sioux are distraught. The Toughest will get away. But wait, Dances with Wolves is at full speed now. He is  streaking across the battlefield. Suddenly, the Pawnee himself is hurtling through space, d there by the full force impact of Dances With Wolves' sho which has caught him rib high. Both men hit the ground grappling and rolling. A knife flashes in the Toughest's hand and Dances With Wo can only react quick enough to keep the knife from a vita spot. As it is, the blade lays open a huge gash on his ar They square off. The Toughest knows the advantage is his. smiles grimly at Dances With Wolves and grunts sadistical But the sound from his throat is cut short by the simulta arrival of five Sioux arrows. Before the Pawnee can fall, six Sioux warriors are on him tearing him to pieces.
210) 0) text: Dances With Wolves sits waiting as a voice comes to him f the outside. Wind In His Hair's face pokes through the entrance. He st inside, followed by Smiles A Lot.
210) 3) text: Wind In His Hair and Smiles A Lot share a smile.
210) 4) dialog: To Stands With A Fist.
210) 7) dialog: Not today.
210) 14) text: Smiles A Lot whispers in the warrior's ear.
210) 23) text: Smiles A Lot is on the hot seat. He looks to Wind In His  Hair, but no luck -- he's on his own.
210) 24) dialog: For a girl.
210) 26) text: Wind In His Hair and Smiles A Lot leave.
211) 0) text: Wind In His Hair and Smiles A Lot are greeted by seven  chuckling warriors. They've been listening to the exchang and move off with the two "helpers".
218) 0) text: The lodge flap is still closed. But now it is covered in  sunshine. Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter are just across the way, bun now against the chill of oncoming winter. They're watchin too. Smiles A Lot is standing next to Worm, -- Otter is o his haunches. Both are gnawing at a breakfast of dried me as they talk nonchalantly.
218) 2) dialog: They're trying to make a baby.
218) 5) dialog: You would think they could have made  a baby by now.
218) 7) dialog: I don't think they're having a hard  time.
238) 0) text: There's a tremendous upheaval. Ten Bears' band has halted its march. SIX PAINTED WARRIORS all heavily armed are jum onto their ponies and being handed the lines to spare mou Wind In His Hair is their leader. The whole village is up to see them off. Smiles A Lot, painted and carrying a bow and quiver rides into the midst of the group. Wind In His Hair studies the resolute boy.
238) 2) text: Smiles A Lot nods. With a great whooping from the villagers, the rescue part roars out of camp.
247) 0) text: In the midst of the smoke and confusion of the battle, Ba has made his way to the cover of the weeds along the rive bank. Crashing through the thicket, he comes to a clearing and  there in the shallows, comes face to face with Smiles A L The boy is standing in the shallows holding the extra hor The boy is so frightened at the sudden sight of this whit soldier that he doesn't move. Bauer sticks his revolver i Smiles A Lot's face and pulls the trigger. But the hammer only clicks. The gun is empty. Bauer pistol-whips the boy, knocking him to the ground an grabs for the closest of the horses. But the ponies are a stirred up now and starting to run down the river. Bauer succeeds in grabbing a hunk of mane, but the horse  he's gotten hold of is moving too fast for him to get on. But now Bauer hears a bone-chilling whoop. Wind In His Ha is coming. His pony plows through the water at full speed. A skullcr dangles from one hand. The warrior begins to whirl it aro Terrified, Bauer turns to run. Before he can take a step, hatchet buries itself to the hilt. Smiles A Lot is at the other end. But Bauer is not through. His hands are around the boy's neck, choking him with his last seconds of life. A larger than life Wind In His Hair draws even and swings his club. Bauer's head explodes,  covering Smiles A Lot in blood -- the sergeant's hands ca be seen.
250) 0) text: The journal continues its downstream journey. Suddenly a  small hand reaches down and scoops it out of the water. Smiles A Lot holds the book close to his face amazed at t sight of words.
251) 0) text: The party is mounting. Smiles A Lot rides up next to Danc With Wolves.
251) 1) dialog: Dances With Wolves... look.