231) 2) text: A pitiful looking man, SPIVEY, who is a soldier by name o answers up.
231) 3) dialog: Yessir sergeant...
231) 20) text: Spivey shifts uncomfortably.
231) 21) dialog: We didn't see nothin' sir.
231) 23) dialog: He's outside. But he didn't see  nothin' either.
235) 0) text: Trooper Spivey is crapping in the bushes. Another soldier CRAPPER, is crapping not far away. Spivey can see Dances  With Wolves in the distance, still splashing water on his face. Now he slips something out of his tunic. It's the journal He opens it and starts to tear out a page, trying hard no to make noise.
235) 2) dialog: What's it to you?
235) 4) text: Spivey thinks.
235) 5) dialog: Can you read?
235) 7) text: Spivey looks down at the stolen journal, thinking.
235) 8) dialog: Alright... hold your horses.
237) 0) text: Dances With Wolves is half-dozing against the wall when S walks in with a plate of army gruel. He's followed by Ser Bauer. Spivey sets the plate in front of the prisoner. He admires the breastplate and like a crow eyeing something  shiny, he thinks to grab for it. Suddenly a pair of manacled hands lock on his wrists. Dan With Wolves face is inches away from Spiveys. Terrified,  Spivey pulls away, kicking over the plate of food as he  scrambles to safety across the room.
237) 2) text: Dances With Wolves sticks a toe under the lip of the plat and flips it over. Most of it hits Spivey, a little splas on Bauer. Spivey moves to kick the prisoner, but Bauer  intercedes with his rifle.
237) 4) text: Bauer and Spivey leave him and Dances With Wolves kicks o viciously at the spilled plate.
239) 0) text: The wagon is pulling out with an escort of SEVEN SOLDIERS Dances With Wolves' spirits are very low as he sits in th bed of the jolting wagon. Spivey is guarding him.  Elgin leading the detail. EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY. Dances with Wolves watches a ridge in the distance for an sign of riders.
239) 1) dialog: I don't see nobody.
241) 1) dialog: Lookit the stupid bastard... he ain't  even runnin'.
241) 6) text: Now Spivey decides to get into the act. He rises up with rifle aiming.
241) 7) dialog: You dumb sons a bitches.
241) 8) text: Before he can fire, there's a rattling of chains. And the next moment, Spivey's feet are being pulled out from unde him by Dances With Wolves. His rifle fires harmlessly int space. Bauer turns from the wagon seat and slams the back of the prisoner's head with the gunstock. Dances With Wolves fal back, letting go of the shaken Spivey. Bauer smiles at Spivey contemptuously.
241) 10) text: In the next instant, Spivey gives Dances With Wolves a  resounding crack in the sternum with the butt of his rifl and he goes down on his back. More shots are fired. Dazedly, Dances With Wolves looks o and sees Two Socks still running parallel to the wagon. There's another shot and then shouting.
241) 14) text: Spivey is still poking Dances With Wolves.
241) 15) dialog: You want more?... get up... get up.
244) 0) text: Dances With Wolves has looped the shackles around Spivey' neck in a death grip when he sees Bauer leveling his rifl at the approaching riders. Dances With Wolves aims a vicious kick at Bauer, sending rifle flying, and Bauer over the edge of the wagon. Bauer flounders in the water, fumbling for his pistol. He sends off a round taking one of the on rushing warriors in the  shoulder. The Sioux looses his seat and tumbles off the p into the water, wounded.
245) 0) text: Dances With Wolves snaps the loop around Spivey's neck as hard as he can and bone breaks. Dances With Wolves is beating Spivey furiously with his  chains. He keeps whacking until the blood is spreading on the surface of the water. The frantic driver is about to make a run for it when he impaled with a Sioux lance.
249) 0) text: A warrior is stripping down Spivey. He holds up the dead  man's tunic, but doesn't notice that something plops out. It's the journal. It floats off into the current, well ou of Dances With Wolves field of vision. It is lost forever