83) 0) text: Several travois are parked in a clearing. It's a scene of terrible woe. On the travois are dead bodies. Women membe of several families are grieving as they collect the dead men. Some are shrieking, some are crying softly, and some are  beating themselves. One group is just beginning to hoist a body off its litte when a strange looking woman appears in the clearing. She been running. Her light, cherry-colored hair is tangled. Her face is creased with pain and disbelief as she rushes forward, crying out in Sioux. She pushes through the othe women and tackles the body, taking it to the ground. She climbs atop the dead man, cradles his head against he face and says a single word softly. It is his name and she whispers it again. Of course there is no answer. With each saying of the nam she is more desperate, her voice growing louder and loude She arches her back eerily and wails the name to the heav before flinging herself back at the lifeless face. At last the other mourners feel compelled to drag her awa The little woman does not go easily. Her name is STANDS WITH A FIST.
88) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is sitting under a solitary cottonwood Her hands are folded on her lap. A blood-stained knife is held between them. She has ritually slashed her arms. The cuts are not deep -- but all are running with blood. Bloo pours from a deep cut in her thigh. She lets her song fade to nothing and bows her head. She  dabs at a large pool of blood spreading in the ground nex to her thigh. Suddenly she's alert. Stands With A Fist ha heard something too... a strange popping sound. She turns The gleaming buckskin horse is standing thirty or forty f behind her on the top of the knoll. A white soldier is si on the horse. A white soldier with a sword, a bright unif and a red sash. And most amazing of all, no face. A shift in the breeze has wrapped the popping red, white, and blue flag around his head. One of the soldier's hands trying to claw it away from his face. Dunbar pulls the flag away. It's an Indian woman alright. But now that she is staring him open-mouthed and afraid, he can see that there is  something odd about her. Too late for further study. She's risen and has taken a s step backward from the knoll. She's covered with blood. Reflexively, he offers a helping hand and calls after her
88) 9) dialog: Don't...
93) 0) text: Dunbar has stopped on the slope leading down to the villa taking it all in. No one has seen him. He can hear human  voices drifting up from the camp. Stands With A Fist coughs lightly against his tunic and t lieutenant moves Cisco ahead at a walk.
94) 0) text: A woman and her children have come out of the breaks alon the river and are marching back to the village when one o the kids sees him. With an ear-splitting shriek, the woma grabs up her children and runs screaming for the safety o the village. There's pandemonium amongst the lodges. Everyone seems to running everywhere at once. Dunbar pulls Cisco to a halt a hundred yards from the fir of the conical houses and slides off, taking the girl up his arms. The people of Ten Bear's village, realizing now that ther is only one white man and that he is carrying someone, ar massing with great curiosity on the outskirts of the town Warriors, some of them mounted, have taken the front rank The women and children and elderly are standing just behi Initial panic has given way to a steady buzzing as everyo jockeys for a better look. Still holding Stands With A Fist in his arms, Dunbar sudd stops on a familiar face... Wind In His Hair. He lifts the girl resting in his arms and holds her out.. as in offering.
94) 8) text: He raises his club and shakes it at Dunbar. Though he doesn't understand the words, Dunbar gets the  message. As he goes for his horse, Wind In His Hair march back to his people with Stands With A Fist. There is great commotion as the crowd surges in around Wi In His Hair. With a look of profound disappointment, Dunbar walks away Cisco.
106) 0) text: Except for Kicking Bird and Stands With A Fist, the tipi empty. They are just seating themselves at the firepit in the center of the lodge. A brief silence, during which Ki Bird studies the girl with the bowed head.
106) 2) dialog: Yes.
106) 4) dialog: I am glad to be here. I am missing  my husband.
106) 6) dialog: Perhaps.
106) 7) text: Kicking Bird is leading up to something and Stands With A Fist fears it. She keeps her head bowed.
106) 12) dialog: I am afraid of the man at the fort.
106) 14) dialog: I am afraid that he will tell some  whites that I am here. I am afraid  that they will try to take me away.
106) 20) dialog: It has been a long time since I made  the talk.
106) 22) dialog: It's dead in me.
106) 24) dialog: I don't know how.
106) 26) text: This outburst shocks Stands With A Fist, she runs out of lodge.
107) 0) text: Stands With A Fist rushes past BLACK SHAWL, her face cove with tears. Now Kicking Bird comes out. Black Shawl looks Kicking Bird, his face is not happy.
108) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is tearing through the thick willows  growing alongside the river. She's crying her heart out.
109) 0) text: The big cry is over, but Stands With A Fist is still snif as she emerges on a little patch of beach-next to the riv She sits herself down under a cottonwood and looks hollow at the surface of the water in front of her. Somewhere in the distance is the sound of many drums, wit sigh she drops her head. Then, as if shocked by some unseen force, her eyes spring open. Wide and unblinking, her eyes stare deeply into spa Someone is calling. The voice is so faint at first that t word can't be heard. But the calling grows and suddenly t word is upon her.
112) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is still in shock. The drumming in the village is very loud now. She rises unsteadily to her fee and starts back to camp.
121) 0) text: The day has grown hot as the column continues its march  through changing terrain. Dunbar is suffering some. The heat and dust are monstrous At the moment however, he's most concerned with Stands Wi A Fist. She's riding closeby and he watches her with inte It's easier to see now that she was once white. Suddenly she looks in his direction. The lieutenant quick tips his hat, but she turns her shy eyes away before he h finished the motion. Kicking Bird is riding down the line. The medicine man  gestures Dunbar forward and the lieutenant guides Cisco o of line. Through her tangled hair, Stands With A Fist watches the  soldier and the medicine man ride up the line.
125) 2) text: Dunbar turns to find Kicking Bird sitting on a pony just  behind him. Two dozen mounted BUFFALO SCOUTS are gathered around him. Kicking Bird points at Cisco, indicating that Dunbar should join them. Tipping his hat to Stands With A Fist, Dunbar hustles awa to his horse. Stands With A Fist faces the pit she's digging, not bothe to look up as hoofbeats drum their way out of the tempora camp. She seems to have lost herself in her own hands... hands that are digging out the soft prairie earth. There is crying but when Stands With A Fist looks up ther is just one of Kicking Bird's children standing there smi at her. She goes back to her digging.
132) 3) dialog: Say... thank you.
132) 5) dialog: (indicating the paint) His speed... his power... you have.
144) 0) text: Stands With A Fist has been watching everything from the  tipi flap. Now she ducks back inside.
145) 0) text: The fire is still burning in the center of the lodge. Dun is sleeping soundly. It's not a moment later that we hear the soft sounds of  mumbling somewhere in the lodge. Then it's quiet. There's that mumbling again. And now a woman's giggle. Dunbar stirs, waking and curious, sits up a little and lo across the fire. There is movement on Kicking Bird's plat The medicine man's head and that of his wife come into vi for a second or two before they sink back down into shado The movements and sound that follow become more forceful. They're having sex. Embarrassed, the lieutenant averts his eyes, they happen  over the forms of Kicking Bird's deeply sleeping children the low-burning fire, and settle on Stands With A Fist's  back. Lieutenant Dunbar, the sounds of lovemaking floating over him, peers again in that direction only to meet the smili eyes of Kicking Bird and his wife. Embarrassed again, he stares open-eyed at the ceiling. He looks like a man who knows something is happening but doe know what it is. Stands With A Fist's eyes are open too. She doesn't move.
159) 2) text: Stands With A Fist ducks through the arbor's entrance and seats herself between Dunbar and Kicking Bird. Stands With A Fist is wearing a band of bells around one  ankle. She has a pair of simple but pretty moccasins on h feet. Her dress is old but well-cared for. Animal teeth a sewn along her bodice. On her wrist is a solid brass brac Her hair is tied back loosely with a bret, accenting the  feminine in her face. Her whiteness seems to show more than ever. But it is not dominant. The Sioux is dominant.
159) 4) text: Kicking Bird looks to Stands With A Fist. She takes her t and the words are accented but they are close enough.
159) 5) dialog: Hullo. You here... good.
159) 8) dialog: (to Kicking Bird) He thanks you. It is good.
159) 10) dialog: (to Dunbar) Uhh... you... come...
159) 13) dialog: Our... names?
159) 15) dialog: He wants to know how we are called.
159) 18) dialog: He... he... Kick...
159) 20) dialog: More.
159) 23) dialog: Kicking... yes... Kicking... Bird.
159) 25) text: Stands With A Fist has the word but it takes a few second to make it come out of her mouth.
159) 26) dialog: Hul... hal... ho-lee... holy... holy  man.
159) 31) dialog: I don't know.
159) 34) dialog: No.
159) 38) dialog: Yes... Stands.
159) 40) dialog: More... (thinking) Wiff... (quickly) With.
159) 47) dialog: John Dunbar.
160) 0) text: Kicking Bird and Dunbar are strolling through camp engage in a real conversation, Stands With A Fist is just behind them.
160) 2) text: Kicking Bird and Stands With A Fist are walking away from Dunbar, who takes a few steps in the opposite direction b pausing. Toward the end of the following speech he glance back at them and Stands With A Fist glances back at him.
161) 2) text: The lodge flap rustles and in comes Stands With A Fist an Kicking Bird. Dunbar stands to greet them.
161) 4) text: Kicking Bird speaks and Stands With A Fist translates.
161) 5) dialog: (translating) Kicking Bird wants to know why you  want to make war on the Pawnee. They  have done nothing to you.
161) 7) dialog: (translating) Only Sioux warriors will go.
161) 9) dialog: He has.
161) 11) dialog: (translating) He says that the Sioux way of being  a warrior is not the white way. You  are not ready.
161) 14) dialog: He asks that you watch over his family  while he is gone.
161) 15) text: Dunbar looks to Kicking Bird then to Stands With A Fist u to mask his disappointment.
161) 16) dialog: (on her own) This thing he asks you... it is a  great honor for you.
161) 19) dialog: (translating) He thanks Dances With Wolves for  coming.
161) 21) dialog: It is the name which everyone is  calling you now.
161) 24) dialog: (in Sioux) Dances With Wolves.
162) 0) text: Black Shawl is hurrying out of the lodge with her husband bow and arrows. A war party of twenty warriors is mounted and everyone ex sleeping children is out to say goodbye. Stands With A Fist is helping to load Kicking Bird's hors with last minute preparations. Out of the tipi comes Kick Bird's eldest child. He is sleepy but almost on the verge tears as he knows what is happening. Kicking Bird picks up the boy. What is said is between fa and son. And it is just a look. He hands the child to Stands With A Fist, and pauses to s with his wife. She comes close to tears but there will be crying. None from Kicking Bird either. He steps back to h horse.
162) 2) dialog: I like to make the white man talk.
163) 1) dialog: Dances With Wolves?
164) 0) text: Dances with Wolves and Stands With A Fist are walking thr the village, talking and pointing things out to each othe
164) 1) dialog: (slowly in english) Grass grows on the prairie.
164) 3) text: Stands With A Fist chuckles but politely checks herself.
164) 4) dialog: Wrong.
164) 6) dialog: (in english) That man is a fighter.
164) 10) dialog: That man is a fighter.
164) 13) dialog: Yes...
164) 17) text: Stands With A Fist doubles up and falls onto her side,  laughing all the way.
164) 19) text: Stands With A Fist doesn't really hear. She's rocking bac and forth on the floor of the arbor, laughing so hard tha her eyes are tearing. Her laughter subsides to an occasional chuckle but Dances With Wolves is quiet. He gazes at her face.
164) 21) text: Stands With A Fist hesitates in her answer, meeting his g A little boy pokes his head in.
164) 23) text: The moment is broken. Stands With A Fist brings herself t respond.
164) 24) dialog: It is hot. We are sitting in the  shade.
164) 25) text: This makes so much sense to the little boy that he trots and flings himself on Stands With a Fist's lap. Then a sq or two.
164) 27) dialog: Alright.
164) 28) text: Stands With A Fist leads the little boy off to a lodge. D With Wolves watches her walk away. From out of nowhere, S A Lot appears. He's been milling about the arbor  eavesdropping, and looks over to Dunbar with a teasing sm
165) 0) text: Black Shawl is settling the youngest children in for bed, Stands With A Fist is playing with the oldest of the chil They're setting up a child's tipi.
165) 2) text: Stands With A Fist stares straight ahead as if she were  wondering the same thing. Which she was.
165) 3) dialog: What do you mean?
165) 5) dialog: He learns well... he is fast.
165) 6) text: Case closed, she goes back to playing and Black Shawl  continues putting the kids to bed. She looks again at Stands With A Fist wondering "what did you think I meant?"
166) 0) text: Dunbar is sitting on Cisco. It's plain he's been waiting someone. Stands With A Fist pulls aside the lodge flap, she's lugg a couple water bags.
166) 3) dialog: Yes.
168) 0) text: Stands With A Fist draws water into a set of bladder bags Dances With Wolves squats next to her, staring at the edd stream.
168) 2) text: Stands With A Fist smiles to herself as she fills up the  last of the bags.
168) 3) dialog: I was not very old when I came to be  with the people... I was made to  work.
168) 5) dialog: I worked every day... very hard...  there was a woman who didn't like  me. She called me bad names...  sometimes she beat me. One day she  was calling me these bad names, her  face in my face, and I hit her. I  was not very big, but she fell down.  She fell hard and didn't move. I  stood over her with my fist and asked  if any other woman wanted to call me  bad names... (laughing at the  recollection) No one bothered me after that day.
168) 9) text: He taps his jaw. She makes a fist and brushes very gently the point of his jaw. Dances With Wolves' eyes flutter. T roll up in his head and he keels over backward... out col She goes with the joke. Bending over him she slaps lightl at each side of his cheeks, until Dances With Wolves revi He sits up, rubbing his jaw. Neither one acknowledges the joke and, a sudden awkwardne falls between them. Stands With A Fist fiddles shyly with the ties on the water bags while Dances With Wolves draws lines in the earth with a stick. Finally he works up the courage to ask a delicate questio
168) 11) text: The question comes as a jolt to Stands With A Fist. She s her fiddling. A visible stiffness overtakes her. She quic stands up.
168) 12) dialog: I must go.
168) 16) dialog: No.
169) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is sitting in the middle of the lodge, she starts when Black Shawl walks in.
169) 2) dialog: No, I'm not.
173) 0) text: Dances With Wolves is wandering through the village, half heartedly looking for Stands With A Fist. The day is very hot and the village is quiet. Most of the people have gon to shade. He sees Stone Calf sitting in the shade behind a lodge. A newly made shield hangs from a tripod and he is painting design on it.
175) 0) text: Stands With A Fist kneels before Black Shawl, the older w is combing out the tangles in her hair. Black Shawl sense tension in the girl and gently tries to pry it out of her
175) 2) text: Stands With A Fist stiffens a bit.
175) 3) dialog: What are they saying?
175) 5) text: Stands With A Fist is quiet.
175) 6) dialog: I have hurt him and I must go talk  to him.
175) 8) text: Stands With A Fist bolts up, racing to the lodge flap -- pulls it aside and is stunned by the sight of Dances With Wolves' abandoned lodge -- Cisco is nowhere to be seen. She turns away, tears coming to her eyes. Black Shawl is  beside her watching -- the girl's emotions have betrayed  her. Black Shawl takes the crying girl into her arms. A child  runs into the lodge but Black Shawl indicates "not now." The message is clearly understood, and the child digs in heels and heads the other way.
177) 0) text: Part of the old bed has collapsed but some of it is still strong enough for support and here Dances With Wolves is  sitting as he leafs through his beloved journal. He reads a little entry here and there, sometimes smiling the memory. A few blank pages remain at the back of the book. Reachin these he closes the journal and holds it on his lap, lett his mind run for a moment. Now he notices the old pen and ink. He picks them up and  opens the journal for one last entry. He writes: "I love Stands With A Fist" and signs himself  "Dances With Wolves." Something is moving outside and Dunbar stops, drawing his gun out. He drops the book on the bed and carefully moves outside.
179) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is wading through the water, her mind far away. In a moment there is a shift in the wind. The rustling of the trees alerts her to a presence she had not thought to feel before. Gradually, she raises her eyes to see the figure of a man moving through the trees... Dances With Wolves. Stands With A Fist walks slowly out of the water. He open his arms and she melts into them, letting her head rest  against his chest.
179) 1) dialog: I am in mourning.
179) 4) dialog: No one can know... we must be careful.
179) 6) dialog: We must be careful.
180) 0) text: The path leading to the river is deserted. Suddenly, a couple steps out of the cover of the willows  alongside the path. Stands With A Fist and Dances With Wo look up and down the path. They start for the village, ho hands. As they near the top of the trail their hands part. A few steps later and someone calls from the bushes startling D with Wolves.
180) 4) text: Smiles A Lot looks to Stands With A Fist.
180) 5) dialog: Nothin'.
180) 12) text: Worm and Otter laugh and race off down the path. Smiles A Lot and Dances With Wolves follow, Dances With W a little ahead. Something on his back, something curious, has captured Smiles A Lot's attention. There's a strange coating of fuzz on Dances With Wolves'  back. Something occurs to Smiles A Lot. He stops and turns, his eyes going up the trail. Stands With A Fist is walking toward the village, it's th on her back too... cattail fuzz. Smiles A Lot laughs and runs to catch Dances With Wolves. The boy slaps Dunbar with a knowing pat and a big grin.
181) 0) text: Dances with Wolves sits at his cozy fire, working on a pi He follows a low rumble of thunder as it rolls overhead.  Thunder booms again and suddenly Stands With A Fist comes through the lodge flap. Dances With Wolves comes to his feet. They stare across a each other. Dances With Wolves walks slowly to her and th embrace lightly. Stands With A Fist starts to slip out of her dress.
183) 0) text: Dances With Wolves and Stands With A Fist are having sex. The sounds of their love-making are suddenly joined by mo insistent sounds from outside. Urgent yelling. The lovers freeze. Stands With A Fist props herself on an elbow, listening.
183) 1) dialog: Trouble...
184) 0) text: Dances With Wolves hurries through a light rain to the sc of a commotion going on at Ten Bears' lodge. There's a re sense of panic in the air by the time he reaches the fire outside Ten Bears' lodge. It's a wild scene. Ten Bears is trying to huddle with his advisors, the wounded men are trying to tend their injuri and the rest of the warriors in camp are holding little s sessions amidst much shouting. Women are running to and f rounding up their children. Dances With Wolves spots Stands With A Fist making her wa toward him. Her eyes are big with terror.
184) 1) dialog: Pawnee... a big party... thirty or  forty men. (indicating wounded) The Kiowa hunters found them not far  to the north. The Pawnee are coming  his way. Soon they will find our  camp.
184) 8) dialog: (to Dances With Wolves) I will go.
191) 0) text: Dances With Wolves steps into the lodge, followed by Smil A Lot. They both have rifles and Dances With Wolves' old  long-barreled revolver is holstered at his waist. Before him is a quiet, tense scene. The women are huddled together on a single sleeping platf Kicking Bird's three children nestled between them. Two o the kids are crying softly. Black Shawl grips a hatchet and Stands With A Fist has a  rifle. They will both fight. But they are both scared.  Everyone in the village has a life at stake. In one glimp Dances With Wolves understands what he will be fighting f He looks once more at the women and children and ducks ou of the lodge.
196) 0) text: Now there's a ripping at the lodge entrance. The flap is  being torn away. Black Shawl is desperately pulling the c back from the edge of the lodge. Suddenly, there he is... a Pawnee warrior. But now it's h turn to be surprised. He sees Stands with A Fist taking a and it's too late. She fires the rifle and the Pawnee exp back out of the lodge.
207) 0) text: Black Shawl and Stands With A Fist are clearing things aw The medicine man has hosted a dinner party which is now  winding down. Wind In His Hair is there, Dances With Wolves and several other prominent warriors. It's purely social and all the are enjoying themselves. Dances With Wolves sneaks a look of affection at Stands W A Fist, and she returns it. Then, with more theatricality than is really necessary, h stretches his arms and yawns. Wind In His Hair looks at h friend with surprise. Dances With Wolves gets to his feet.
207) 3) text: He slips out. In a few seconds, the men have pick up anot topic to jawbone. They pay no attention to Stands With A Fist's momentary e But Black Shawl does, it doesn't bother her, but she noti
209) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is walking through the village with Ki Bird's youngest child. They're both carrying armloads of  firewood. Here comes Kicking Bird. He's out of breath.
209) 2) dialog: Yes.
225) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is packing and so is Dances With Wolve He is putting away the shield that Stone Calf once worked on. She pauses to stroke her husband's leg tenderly.
225) 1) dialog: You have everything from the soldier  fort?
225) 3) text: Stands with A Fist laughs as she starts out of the lodge.
225) 4) dialog: That's good.
226) 0) text: Dances With Wolves bolts out of the lodge and snatches up Cisco's reins. He calls urgently to Stands with A Fist.
230) 0) text: Ten Bears village is on the trail. Kicking Bird is riding down the line. He notices Stands With A Fist. She is terr distraught. Kicking Bird glances at the sun. The day is more than hal over. He kicks his pony back up the line next to Wind In Hair.
254) 0) text: The rescue party is walking down the trail single file. D With Wolves is a few slots back. All the village is racin up the canyon to greet them. Stands With A Fist leads them all. She runs to Dances Wit Wolves. She jumps all over her husband and finally he lif her up on his pony.
255) 0) text: The couple we have come to know are sitting on their bed. Dances With Wolves is combing Stands With A Fist's hair.  It's something he is doing with care and affection. She i loving it as much as he. They are together as two people be and yet it is a hard time.
255) 2) dialog: What can I tell you?
255) 4) dialog: We have decided. You are my husband.  I am your wife. That is all I know.
260) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is building up the fire in their cozy  home. Dances With Wolves works on a long-stemmed pipe whi is in the last stages of completion.
260) 4) text: Stands With A Fist brings two small bowls of food, places them next to the men and busies herself with something el Though neither one is much interested they begin to eat.
266) 0) text: Stands With A Fist sits on a pony outside the lodge. Two  pack horses are loaded with their things. Dances With Wolves swings onto his pony's back and we fol as they start out of the village. No one is standing in r to watch them leave. No one is crying. In fact, people ar making the motions of going about their regular work. But it's all fake too. The whole village is sad and the m obvious sign is that there is no sound. In the awful quie most people avert their eyes as the two pass by.
267) 0) text: Dances With Wolves and Stands With A Fist have reached th head of the trail leading out of the winter camp. They ha just begun to ascend when a voice, calling from afar, bri them to a halt. The sound echoes through the canyons, thr the village.