72) 0) text: The eldest and most respected men of the band, including Bears, his pal STONE CALF, an influential warrior named W IN HIS HAIR, and Kicking Bird are seated around the fire. Crowded around them, in a high state of excitement, are t village's leading warriors. The meeting is in progress.
155) 6) text: The wolf races away this time and Dunbar immediately runs for Cisco, hoping to reach his horse and ditch Two Socks. But he's running long before the wolf comes bouncing  alongside. Dunbar weaves out at him, startling Two Socks. sidles away but as he does the lieutenant reaches out and gives the base of his tail a good hard squeeze. It might as well be a firecracker. Tow Socks gives a yelp and shoots off with his tail tucked. Dunbar laughs out lo He watches until the wolf has gone a fair distance withou sign of slowing down. Then still chuckling to himself, he turns once again and  starts for Cisco at a trot. But moments later, something  grabs at one of his ankles, the lieutenant's legs tangle he goes down face first into the grass. Dunbar's lying on his belly. Not knowing what hit him, he rolls onto his side for a closer look. There's Two Socks, sitting in the grass a few feet back. Dunbar sits up cros legged and smiles at his old friend. Two Socks catches something suddenly, perhaps from a shif in the wind, and starts to slink away. Dunbar peers over grass up at the bluff. It's Stone Calf, Kicking Bird and  Wind In His Hair.
156) 0) text: The Indian entourage is riding slowly toward Lieutenant  Dunbar. Stone Calf is at Kicking Bird's side.
156) 1) dialog: You were right about loo ten tant --  he is a special white man.
173) 0) text: Dances With Wolves is wandering through the village, half heartedly looking for Stands With A Fist. The day is very hot and the village is quiet. Most of the people have gon to shade. He sees Stone Calf sitting in the shade behind a lodge. A newly made shield hangs from a tripod and he is painting design on it.
174) 0) text: Dances With Wolves sits in the shade with Stone Calf, wat the older man paint.
174) 1) dialog: Some of your words are wrong... but  you are learning fast. That is good.  What can I tell you today?
174) 4) text: For the first time, Stone Calf leaves his work. He gives visitor a quick and penetrating look. Then he goes back t his shield.
174) 5) dialog: What is your question?
174) 7) text: Stone Calf considers before he speaks. It is not somethin he wants to get into.
174) 8) dialog: She is in mourning.
174) 10) dialog: She is crying for someone.
174) 12) dialog: It is not polite to speak of the  dead... But I will tell you... you  are new. She cries for her husband.  He was killed not long ago.
174) 15) dialog: It is Kicking Bird's place to say  when she is finished.
184) 2) text: Stone Calf is just passing by. Dances With Wolves stops h
184) 5) dialog: The Pawnee do not come for horses,  they come for blood... and with many  men gone, we are few.
184) 7) dialog: Get your weapons and come to my lodge.
184) 9) text: She rushes off and Dances With Wolves falls into step beh Stone Calf. He hasn't gone two steps before a revelation  hits him.
185) 0) text: Amid the pandemonium of the village, Dances With Wolves a Ten Bears are talking. Stone Calf stands at Ten Bears' si listening.
202) 0) text: Stone Calf, his bow and arrow at the ready, is looking fo more enemies to kill. Suddenly from the corner of his eye the old man senses an attack. But he is too late. A Pawnee war club crushes his skull and the old man collapses. Now we can see his attacker. It is the fierce Pawnee warr who killed Timmons the wagon driver. He glowers down at t body of Stone Calf and swings his club toward the old man head once again.
203) 0) text: Dances With Wolves squints toward the village just in tim to see the Toughest take another shot at the prostrate, w headed form of Stone Calf. Dances With Wolves begins to run.
204) 0) text: The Toughest has his knife to Stone Calf's forehead and i preparing to scalp his victim when something strikes him the lower leg. He looks down to find a small arrow imbedded in his calf. looks up to see three boys, Otter, Worm, and Smiles A Lot huddled at the edge of the battlefield. He turns back to finish the job when another arrow hits h Enraged he breaks off the arrow, leaps onto a horse and  charges the kids. Their faces go ashen as the Toughest bears down on them. Otter's arrow flies weakly into the air. The boys turn an run for their lives. The Toughest would catch them with ease but now, he sees  half a dozen howling Sioux warriors angling in to cut him off. He knows in a glance that the fight has been lost. H also knows that he can still escape if he changes directi He veers for the river. The Sioux are distraught. The Toughest will get away. But wait, Dances with Wolves is at full speed now. He is  streaking across the battlefield. Suddenly, the Pawnee himself is hurtling through space, d there by the full force impact of Dances With Wolves' sho which has caught him rib high. Both men hit the ground grappling and rolling. A knife flashes in the Toughest's hand and Dances With Wo can only react quick enough to keep the knife from a vita spot. As it is, the blade lays open a huge gash on his ar They square off. The Toughest knows the advantage is his. smiles grimly at Dances With Wolves and grunts sadistical But the sound from his throat is cut short by the simulta arrival of five Sioux arrows. Before the Pawnee can fall, six Sioux warriors are on him tearing him to pieces.
205) 3) text: The Sioux victors are in high spirits as they hop around  finishing off the wounded and counting coup on the dead. Dances With Wolves looks down at himself. His body is str with blood, much of it his own. His arm is bleeding freel but he is too repulsed to move forward and too exhausted retreat into the breaks. Dances With Wolves now looks up to see the lifeless body Stone Calf. Ten Bears is hugging him. Pretty Shield start to kneel beside her mourning husband.
225) 0) text: Stands With A Fist is packing and so is Dances With Wolve He is putting away the shield that Stone Calf once worked on. She pauses to stroke her husband's leg tenderly.