69) 0) text: An old Indian man sits in the shade outside his lodge. Hi skin is leathery, his hair grey and wispy but his eyes ar bright as diamonds. He is TEN BEARS, well past sixty, but still strong enough to be the head man. He is, for the mo part, oblivious to the GRANDCHILD squirming in his lap. He's smoking a long-stemmed pipe, but the main object of interest is an old woman squatting next to him... PRETTY  SHIELD. She's pounding away at something in a bowl. Ten Bears looks up to notice Kicking Bird. The medicine m is passing not far away and Ten Bears' eyes follow him  carefully, not glancing away until Kicking Bird has ducke into his lodge.
69) 1) dialog: Kicking Bird has been keeping to  himself these last few days. I do  not like to see our medicine man  walking so alone.
69) 3) dialog: What does his wife say?
69) 5) text: Ten Bears gives his wife a challenging look and she brist
69) 7) text: Ten Bears accepts this. Then he looks down at the bowl.
69) 8) dialog: Make sure that meat is soft... my  teeth hurt.
69) 9) text: Ten Bears looks once more at the entrance of Kicking Bird lodge.
70) 1) dialog: May I come in?
70) 2) text: The little boy races over to the old chief, Kicking Bird  makes a move to pull him back, but Ten Bears indicates th boy should stay.
70) 3) dialog: No, no let him sit with me.
70) 4) text: There is silence as the two men settle themselves by the  fire, the little boy content in Ten Bears' lap.
70) 5) dialog: Our country seems good this summer,  but I have not been out to see it.
70) 7) dialog: I am glad to hear it. But the buffalo  are late. I always worry about the  bellies of our children.
70) 10) dialog: Yes, a dance is always a good idea.  It would be good to have a strong  sign.
70) 13) dialog: There's a funny thing about signs.  They are always flying in our faces.  We know when they are bad or good  but sometimes they are strange and  there is no way to understand them.  Sometimes they make people crazy but  a smart man will take such a sign  into himself and let it run around  for two or three days. If he is still  confused he will tell somebody. He  might come to you or to me and tell  it. A smart man always does that.
70) 14) text: Ten Bears picks up the pipe and puffs away, seemingly wit care.
70) 16) dialog: Oh?
70) 18) text: Ten Bears' eyes get big for a moment. Then he thinks.
70) 19) dialog: Just one?
70) 21) text: Ten Bears thinks some more.
70) 22) dialog: Are you sure it was a man?
70) 24) dialog: Did you speak to him?
70) 26) text: Ten Bears rubs at his old eyes with both hands.
70) 27) dialog: We will council on this.
71) 0) text: A teenaged boy, SMILES A LOT and his two buddies OTTER an WORM lie prone outside Ten Bears' home. They are peeking  under the tipi's rolled-up sides. Their eyes are wide, fo inside there's plenty to see and hear. The village's most influential warriors have squeezed into the lodge for thi big and important meeting
72) 13) text: This is the best idea so far and there is much talk aroun the fire. They quiet down as Ten Bears prepares to speak.
72) 14) dialog: It is easy to become confused by  these questions. It is hard to know  what to do. No man can tell another  how he will be. But I know this...  killing a white man is a delicate  matter. If you kill one, more are  sure to come. We should talk about  this some more.
92) 0) text: Dunbar is skirting the edge of the herd. Leaving the hors behind him, the lieutenant makes his way up a gentle slop A powerful vision is upon him. Ten Bears' village is rising slowly, like a curtain going up. The smoke from many fires, the willow poles fanning  against the sky, the conical houses covered with well-use hides, the horses along the river, the children, the wome the men. An ancient tableau, fully alive before his eyes.
96) 0) text: Another council is in progress. As before, the leading me are seated around Ten Bears' fire while the other warrior stand packed in the shadows. Wind In His Hair is seated c to the elders.
96) 1) dialog: I am in agreement with Kicking Bird.  We will go down and talk to the white  man and find out what kind of white  man he is.
96) 4) text: There are many yeses in response to this. As is his custo Ten Bears lets the outburst subside, seeming unruffled al the while. Casually, he pops a piece of meat into his mou and begins to chew.
96) 5) dialog: I will not go... you will go... you  and Kicking Bird. That is all I have  to say.
119) 0) text: A wide stretch of prairie, falling away to nothing. The buffalo have left a trail in the form of a tremendous swath of torn-up ground, several hundred yards from side side. Indians on horseback move into the picture. Most of Ten Bears' camp is moving out in a long, noisy co Spirits are high. First come the lead scouts, followed by Ten Bears and his advisors, Kicking Bird and wind In His  Hair among them. A large body of warriors come next. Behi these men are the women, children and elderly. Dunbar is  riding at the head of the last group. The attitudes of the people have changed significantly. P who catch his eye are openly smiling at the lieutenant. An old woman comes alongside and offers him a piece of dr meat, patting his hand as he takes it. Here comes Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter, all on ponies,  galloping up beside him. They want to play.
120) 0) text: The scouts pull up in front of Ten Bears to make their re There's no way to know what's going on but something impo is happening. Wind In His Hair suddenly breaks ranks and rides back to main body of warriors. A dozen warriors strip off their s and leggings. They're ready in moments. Then, with Wind I His Hair leading them, the party breaks away from the col and rides east at a gallop. The column resumes its southward march.
122) 0) text: Dunbar and Kicking Bird are riding together at the flank Ten Bears' entourage. Far in the distance, the lieutenant sees something strang on the prairie... pink bumps are dotting the landscape up ahead. And black specks are moving about on the bumps.
184) 0) text: Dances With Wolves hurries through a light rain to the sc of a commotion going on at Ten Bears' lodge. There's a re sense of panic in the air by the time he reaches the fire outside Ten Bears' lodge. It's a wild scene. Ten Bears is trying to huddle with his advisors, the wounded men are trying to tend their injuri and the rest of the warriors in camp are holding little s sessions amidst much shouting. Women are running to and f rounding up their children. Dances With Wolves spots Stands With A Fist making her wa toward him. Her eyes are big with terror.
185) 0) text: Amid the pandemonium of the village, Dances With Wolves a Ten Bears are talking. Stone Calf stands at Ten Bears' si listening.
185) 1) dialog: No, the ride is long... the weather  is bad. We can spare no men.
185) 3) text: The idea intrigues Ten Bears. As he thinks, he looks to S Calf. But the elder warrior says nothing.
185) 4) dialog: Take one man and go quickly.
185) 5) text: Dances With Wolves turns away now, hoping to make a quick choice. But in their excitement all the warriors are busy running to and fro. Only one person is standing resolutel He is staring straight at Dances With Wolves. It is Smile Lot, and from the look on his face it's easy to see that wants to be chosen. Dances With Wolves returns the boy's stare, trying to mak up his mind. He turns to Ten Bears.
185) 7) text: Ten Bears looks briefly at Smiles A Lot. He too can see  resolve in the boy's face. Now he looks once again at Dan With Wolves. He nods.
189) 0) text: In front of Ten Bears' lodge, Dances With Wolves is passi out the last of the rifles. Warriors are grabbing handful of bullets out of an open ammo box. Ten Bears is watching this procedure. And while he watche he thinks. The guns have been passed out and, except for a slight mu among the warriors, it's strangely quiet. The band's best fighters are gone and many men don't know what to do next They're looking to Ten Bears for leadership. But the old man is looking at Dances With Wolves. He hold up a hand for quiet.
189) 1) dialog: Hear us now. (to Dances With Wolves) A white soldier with many far-shooting  guns... how would he fight the Pawnee?
189) 5) dialog: Dances With Wolves has not finished.
189) 7) text: Ten Bears smiles.
189) 8) dialog: I am of the same mind as Dances With  Wolves... we should kill so many  that they never trouble us again.
193) 0) text: It has stopped raining but the ground is still soaked and early morning fog is swirling through the camp. Clumped i groups of five or six, behind the lodges nearest the rive are Sioux warriors with rifles. They're absolutely quiet they wait for the enemy. Dances With Wolves looks across a clearing that slopes do to the breaks fronting the river. Nothing. Wait. A movement. And another. Another. The heads of men  lurking in the fog. He glances at the defenders. Most of the warriors are huddled behind the line of lodge watching him. Ten Bears raises a hand. The Pawnee are visible now, a war party at its fiercest,  painted and feathered and armed to the teeth. Coming on foot, the first of them have reached the edge o the clearing. They start into a stealthy trot, more and m of them breaking into a run. A Pawnee war cry goes up and, as the others join in. Ten  Bears lowers his hand.
197) 0) text: Through the smoke, Dances With Wolves can just catch a gl of Ten Bears. He is moving through the village at a trot, loading his gun. He spots a Sioux warrior grappling with a Pawnee, sights shoots the Pawnee point blank. He trots off, reloading on more.
199) 0) text: Still clutching his hatchet, a wounded Pawnee half stagge toward Ten Bears' lodge. He is bleeding profusely and in very bad mood. He reaches the closed lodge flap.
205) 3) text: The Sioux victors are in high spirits as they hop around  finishing off the wounded and counting coup on the dead. Dances With Wolves looks down at himself. His body is str with blood, much of it his own. His arm is bleeding freel but he is too repulsed to move forward and too exhausted retreat into the breaks. Dances With Wolves now looks up to see the lifeless body Stone Calf. Ten Bears is hugging him. Pretty Shield start to kneel beside her mourning husband.
223) 1) dialog: It's hard to know what to do.
223) 3) dialog: The men who wore this came in the  time of my grandfather's grandfather.  Eventually, we drove them out. Then  the Mexicans came. In my own time  the whites came... the Texans. They  have been like all the others who  find something they want in our  country. They take it without asking.  I have always been a peaceful man,  happy to be in my own country and  wanting nothing from the white people.  Nothing at all. But I think you are  right. I think they will keep coming.  When I think of that, I look at this  bundle. Our country is all that we  want. We will fight to keep it.
223) 5) dialog: Tomorrow morning we will strike the  village and go to the winter camp.
230) 0) text: Ten Bears village is on the trail. Kicking Bird is riding down the line. He notices Stands With A Fist. She is terr distraught. Kicking Bird glances at the sun. The day is more than hal over. He kicks his pony back up the line next to Wind In Hair.
238) 0) text: There's a tremendous upheaval. Ten Bears' band has halted its march. SIX PAINTED WARRIORS all heavily armed are jum onto their ponies and being handed the lines to spare mou Wind In His Hair is their leader. The whole village is up to see them off. Smiles A Lot, painted and carrying a bow and quiver rides into the midst of the group. Wind In His Hair studies the resolute boy.
257) 0) text: It's cold in the Sioux camp. A warm column of smoke is  spiraling out of Ten Bears' lodge.
258) 0) text: Several men are gathered around Ten Bears' fire, includin Kicking Bird, Wind In His Hair and Dances With Wolves. All the men are draped with blankets. The wind is howling outside. The men are engaged in small talk as the pipe go around the circle. The pipe comes around to Dances With Wolves, and the man  next to him must nudge him to attention. Dances With Wolv takes the pipe and begins to smoke. Ten Bears watches him closely.
258) 1) dialog: (to Dances With Wolves) Dances With Wolves is quiet these  days.
258) 3) dialog: Is his heart bad?
258) 9) dialog: Quiet!... sit down Wind In His Hair.  You are hurting an old man's ears  with your loud talk.
260) 1) dialog: Dances With Wolves?
260) 3) dialog: Ahh... this is a nice fire... at my  age a good fire is better than  anything.
260) 5) dialog: I wondered how your bad heart was  doing and though I would come by and  see for myself. This place doesn't  look so bad-hearted.
260) 8) dialog: But you are leaving anyway?
260) 10) dialog: Have you told this to Kicking Bird  or to Wind In His Hair.
260) 11) text: It's anguish for Dances with Wolves to think about his  friends. He shakes his head "no". Ten Bears thinks again silence.
260) 12) dialog: You are the only white man I have  ever known. I have thought about you  alot. More than you know.
260) 14) dialog: You have always spoken with your  heart. And like all of us, you are a  free man and can do anything you  like. When I look across this fire,  I do not see a white soldier. I see  only a Sioux named Dances With Wolves.  And there is nothing they hate so  much as a Sioux.
260) 15) text: Ten Bears words always have purpose and as always, he mak his point. He pauses for a moment and notices Dances with Wolves' ne finished pipe.
260) 16) dialog: You are making a pipe?
260) 18) text: Ten Bears holds out a hand and Dances with Wolves hands t pipe to him. Ten Bears inspects it briefly.
260) 19) dialog: This might be a pretty good pipe...  how does it smoke?
260) 21) dialog: Let's smoke it awhile... it is good  to pass the time this way.
272) 0) text: The rest of the troops have moved to the edge. They too a quiet. Down below, the Pawnee scouts are milling about lo for sign. The soldiers from the canyon floor are silently arriving the scene. The Pawnee look to the lead scout on the canyo rim. They have no answer, and the lead scout has none to  give the general at his side. Ten Bears' village is gone.