25) 0) text: At the sound of a single shot behind him, Dunbar twists a on the wagon seat. Seeing nothing, he turns back to face front and takes stock of the driver, TIMMONS. He doesn't  like what he sees... or smells. Timmons, is not what would be called a credit to his race If all teamsters were greaseballs he would be their absol ruler. His stink must be incredible. He leans over the si of the wagon and hocks out a disgusting stream of spittle Afternoon shadows are slanting across the rolling ocean o prairie. The wagon passes camera, headed towards an endle expanse of prairie.
27) 0) text: Dunbar sits at the fire watching the star burn out. Timmons is bending over the fire. He farts, then turns to Dunbar with a smile "good one, huh?". He spits for good measure and for Dunbar, the moment is  broken, but not forgotten.
28) 4) dialog: Far.
28) 6) dialog: Forty or fifty miles, maybe... what's  the big hurry on Sedgewick?
28) 8) dialog: You ain't hard to please, I'll say  that.
28) 9) text: Timmons slows the wagon and stops.  He has seen something
28) 10) dialog: Look yonder.
29) 1) dialog: Somebody back east is sayin'... "why  don't he write?" Stupid bastard.
34) 0) text: The wagon is parked in a shallow depression, its team  unhitched. Under the wagon the forms of two men lay curle up in blankets. Dunbar is sleeping peacefully, his nose pressed against a jacket. Now his nostrils begin to twitch. His face turns  sour and he wakes to find that he's been sleeping against the stink of Timmons. Flies buzz about the teamster's sle body. Dunbar quickly pulls away from the bad smell. He rolls ou from under the wagon and clambers to his feet. Lieutenant Dunbar looks out over the prairie. It's going be a spectacular day. In the far distance, a column of buzzards is circling. Du has paused to watch them. He ducks back under the wagon.
34) 6) dialog: Somethin' dead.
34) 8) dialog: Might stay clear of whatever did the  killin'.
34) 9) text: Timmons' mood is different now. He begins to hitch the te with a new sense of urgency.
36) 0) text: Dunbar is walking through a little valley of tall, rich g The wagon is nowhere in sight. He looks back at Cisco who is also wandering by himself  searching for prime shoots. Timmons' wagon comes into view now.
36) 2) dialog: Can't figger the stinkin' buffalo.  Sometimes you don't see 'em for days,  sometimes they're thick as curls on  a whore.
36) 4) dialog: Goddamn Indians you'd jus' as soon  not see, lessen the bastards're dead.  Nothing but thieves and beggars.
36) 5) text: Timmons, as usual, laughs at his own imagined wit. The wagon disappears over a ridge and again, Dunbar is al In gentle awe, he runs his palm over the top of the grass swirling about his waist. A meadow lark's mournful call startles him. Dunbar brings his head up at the sound and so does Cisco. Now there's a sudden lifting of the breeze. It sweeps thr the valley, making the grass roll with a life of its own. The lark's sad call and the sudden violent movement of th wind sends a shudder through Lieutenant Dunbar. He scans horizon in all directions, aware all at once of his alone He flips the reins over Cisco's neck and sticks a foot in the stirrup. Dunbar heads for the ridge.
37) 0) text: As Dunbar comes over the hill, he sees the wagon has grou to a stop. The wagon has paused at the edge of a bluff. Dunbar and  Timmons are peering into the little valley below
37) 1) dialog: Not what you'd call a going concern.
38) 0) text: A full view of the deserted fort. Timmons sits on the wag by himself.
38) 1) dialog: Ain't nothin' here lieutenant.
38) 3) dialog: Everybody's run off... or got kilt.
38) 4) text: The lieutenant looks briefly at Timmons, and marches over the caved-in supply house. Again he ducks inside. Dunbar emerges from the supply house and stares up at the wagon driver.
38) 6) dialog: What, and leave it all here?
38) 9) dialog: There ain't nothin' here lieutenant.
38) 11) dialog: So things bein' the way they are we  might as well turn around and get  started back.
38) 13) dialog: This is my... are you crazy boy?
38) 16) text: Timmons leaps down.
41) 0) text: Timmons is atop his wagon seat, reins in hand.
41) 1) dialog: Well... I'll let 'em know where you  are.
41) 3) dialog: Good luck lieutenant.
41) 5) text: Timmons clucks to his team and the wagon pulls out. The l on the prairie is fading fast.
52) 0) text: We're dropping down through the smoke, right down to the  supper fire of Timmons the teamster. He's cooking slab ba in a pan. Risking the heat, he dips a finger into the pan and sucks off the grease. There's a sudden swish of sound behind him and a split-se later, an arrow goes deep into the wagon driver's ass kno him clear across the fire. Timmons screams like a half-butchered hog and starts into odd crippled run. He clears the gully where he's been cam and struggles up the incline. Another swish and another scream, as another arrow catche him high on the shoulder. Terrified with pain and fear, Timmons looks back as he  scrambles up the slope. Here comes the Toughest at a lazy gallop. He's riding onl with his legs. His hands are busy with bow and arrows. Ca but blink quick, the Toughest snatches another arrow from the quiver at his waist, strings it and fires. This arrow catches Timmons in the gut. He falls squirming against th slope. The Toughest is still coming, his face like granite as he fires arrow after arrow. The three warriors who came with the Toughest have reache the wagon. Two of them are slicing away harness on the te of nice army horses. The third is rifling through Timmons gear. This man unwittingly picks up Timmons' blanket. Whe he gets a whiff of its stink, the warrior flings it far o on the grass. Then he drops to one knee, scoops up some d and rubs it between his soiled hands.
53) 0) text: A lone arrow remains in Timmons' dead body, jutting out o his privates. Now the Pawnee warriors pass by, heading for home in no  particular hurry. The Toughest passes by with Timmons' sc hanging from his bow. None of the men give Timmons a part glance.
61) 0) text: Just as Dunbar did on his trip out with Timmons, someone running a palm over the tips of the tall prairie grass. T hand, however, is red. A lone Indian is standing in the grass, his pony at his s He is a real Indian; tough, wild and free. He is a person special maturity. He radiates wisdom and is a man of  responsibility in his community. He is a Sioux medicine m He is KICKING BIRD.
202) 0) text: Stone Calf, his bow and arrow at the ready, is looking fo more enemies to kill. Suddenly from the corner of his eye the old man senses an attack. But he is too late. A Pawnee war club crushes his skull and the old man collapses. Now we can see his attacker. It is the fierce Pawnee warr who killed Timmons the wagon driver. He glowers down at t body of Stone Calf and swings his club toward the old man head once again.