72) 2) text: There is a little murmuring around the fire, and it goes  silent. Wind In His Hair rises to speak.
72) 3) dialog: I do not care for this talk about a  white man. Whatever kind of white  man he is, he is not Sioux and that  makes him less. We've camped here  for ten days now and each day our  scouts find nothing. One old bull  with wolves tearing him apart, nothing  more. We need meat -- not talk.
72) 7) dialog: Kicking Bird is always looking ahead  and that is good. But when I hear  that more whites are coming -- more  than can be counted I want to laugh.  We took a hundred horses from these  people, there was no honor in it.  They don't ride well, they don't  shoot well, they're dirty. They have  no women, no children. They could  not even make it through one winter  in our country. And these people are  said to flourish? I think they will  all be dead in ten years.
72) 9) dialog: I think this white man is probably  lost.
72) 12) dialog: This white man cannot cover our  lodges, or string our bows, or feed  our children. I will take some good  men... there are many here tonight.  We will ride to the soldier fort, we  will shoot some arrows into this  white man. If he truly has medicine  he will not be hurt. If he has no  medicine he will be dead.
80) 0) text: They're streaming past him. FIVE MOUNTED WARRIORS bunched around Cisco: raw, powerful men on painted, feathered pon Wind In His Hair is one of them. Their faces are streaked with colorful designs, their wea slung around the shoulders, their nearly naked bodies all sinew and bone. They are the full and breathtaking glory war. Dunbar is struck dumb. He stands still as the pageant pas in front of him. The sight of Dunbar troubles Wind In His Hair, so much th he pulls up a hundred yards away. He sits a moment on his whirling pony, trying to decide if he should confront thi white god. He makes a warrior's choice. Wind In His Hair shouts to h fellows to go on and charges down the slope... straight f Dunbar. Dunbar's eyes are fixed on the closing horseman. He can't move. Wind In His Hair is coming flat out, his lance extended. the last moment he pulls up so hard that the black pony s to a sit. The horse is up quickly and hard to manage. He  pitches back and forth only a few feet in front of Lieute Dunbar.
80) 1) dialog: I am Wind In His Hair. Do you not  see that I am not afraid of you?...  Do you see?
80) 2) text: Dunbar stares expressionlessly into the Sioux's eyes. He  doesn't blink. Wind In His Hair suddenly turns his pony and whips after comrades. A big smile breaks out across his face. Dunbar stares after the disappearing horse and rider. He  feels the weight of the gun and lets it drop to the groun For two or three steps he staggers toward the quarters, b his legs give way and he falls face first in a dead faint
81) 0) text: Wind In His Hair is riding hard and happy. He really fixe that white god. But as he clears the brow of a rise, a  riderless horse blows past him, running in the opposite  direction. Cisco's running back, to the fort at full speed, the line of two ropes flying behind him. The big warrior's smile is gone. He wheels his pony and  charges over the rise, nearly colliding with another warr who has been in hot pursuit of Cisco. The warrior pulls u and looks helplessly at Wind In His Hair. But Wind In His Hair's attention is focused on the rest of his party. The three remaining warriors who rode with him are all on foo One is bending over a man lying unconscious on the ground The third is limping badly, trying to catch his horse. Wind In His Hair glances back in the direction of the for but the buckskin is already gone. He starts down the incline to help his friends.
82) 0) text: Wind In His Hair and his friends, two of them riding doub are going slowly home when they see a COURIER coming in t direction. They rein in waiting for the young man canteri toward them. He speaks directly to Wind In His Hair.
82) 2) text: Wind In His Hair says nothing.
94) 0) text: A woman and her children have come out of the breaks alon the river and are marching back to the village when one o the kids sees him. With an ear-splitting shriek, the woma grabs up her children and runs screaming for the safety o the village. There's pandemonium amongst the lodges. Everyone seems to running everywhere at once. Dunbar pulls Cisco to a halt a hundred yards from the fir of the conical houses and slides off, taking the girl up his arms. The people of Ten Bear's village, realizing now that ther is only one white man and that he is carrying someone, ar massing with great curiosity on the outskirts of the town Warriors, some of them mounted, have taken the front rank The women and children and elderly are standing just behi Initial panic has given way to a steady buzzing as everyo jockeys for a better look. Still holding Stands With A Fist in his arms, Dunbar sudd stops on a familiar face... Wind In His Hair. He lifts the girl resting in his arms and holds her out.. as in offering.
94) 2) text: The Sioux buzz is stronger now. The mounted warriors are  getting excited. Suddenly, Wind In His Hair breaks ranks and starts for Du at a determined walk. A nasty war club is held tightly in hand. Dunbar stands his ground. Wind In His Hair halts only a few steps in front of Dunba He barks at the intruder as he takes another step or two.
94) 3) dialog: You are not welcome here.
94) 5) dialog: Go away from us...
94) 6) text: Dunbar doesn't flinch. And Wind In His Hair's harangue is definitely part bluster. He's very curious about the woma in Dunbar's arms and now he peers down at her face. The lieutenant looks down too and in a flash she is torn of his grasp. Holding her in one strong arm, Wind In His Hair backs a p or two and shouts once more at the lieutenant.
94) 7) dialog: Go away from us... go now.
94) 8) text: He raises his club and shakes it at Dunbar. Though he doesn't understand the words, Dunbar gets the  message. As he goes for his horse, Wind In His Hair march back to his people with Stands With A Fist. There is great commotion as the crowd surges in around Wi In His Hair. With a look of profound disappointment, Dunbar walks away Cisco.
96) 0) text: Another council is in progress. As before, the leading me are seated around Ten Bears' fire while the other warrior stand packed in the shadows. Wind In His Hair is seated c to the elders.
96) 2) text: Wind In His Hair jumps into the conversation.
96) 3) dialog: If this council decides to talk with  the man at the soldier fort then it  will be so. But in my mind it is not  right that a Sioux chief, a chief as  great as Ten Bears, goes to ask the  business of a puny, trespassing white  man... a white soldier who has only  a smart horse and a few white man  clothes.
99) 0) text: Wind In His Hair and Kicking Bird are sitting comfortably under the awning, each holding steaming army-issue cups.  They are staring straight ahead with a curious expression Dunbar is turning a handle on a machine. It is a coffee  grinder. The last of the beans goes down and Dunbar pauses for dra effect. Then he pulls out the drawer containing the fresh grounds and passes it to the medicine man. Kicking Bird a Wind In His Hair both sniff the contents. Dunbar gestures at their still full mugs -- neither one o them has taken a drink.
99) 2) text: Dunbar reaches for a sack by the fire. Holding it in fron of him, Dunbar suggests that Wind In His Hair put some of its contents into his mug. Wind In His Hair finally does, but his blank expression  indicates that he doesn't know what difference this could make. Dunbar takes a lick at his fingers, suggesting that Wind His Hair should do the same. A smile creeps over his face the universal appeal of sugar is taking hold. Wind In His Hair has licked every bit off each finger.
99) 4) text: Wind In His Hair doesn't wait for Kicking Bird's answer. reaches over and dumps a good amount in Kicking Bird's cu adding some more to his own for good measure.
99) 6) text: There is no response. Wind In His Hair's attention is now Cisco.
99) 8) text: Wind In His Hair's interest borders on rude. Prompted by light tap on his leg from Kicking Bird, Wind In His Hair  turns his attention back to Dunbar.
99) 10) text: No argument from Wind In His Hair.
99) 12) text: Kicking Bird and Wind In His Hair are baffled. The lieutenant is trying to jam a wadded blanket under th back of his tunic.
99) 14) dialog: (to Kicking Bird) His mind is gone.
100) 0) text: Dunbar is watching Kicking Bird and Wind In His Hair walk their horses up the ridge to meet the waiting escort. Eac horse has a gift of coffee and sugar slung over its withe Occasionally, Wind In His Hair dips a hand into one of th bags and carefully licks each finger. Dunbar waves up at them but there is no response.
101) 2) text: Dunbar is standing in the same spot, it is a new day Leaving their ever present escort behind, Kicking Bird an Wind In His Hair ride into the fort. Kicking Bird's pony is carrying something large and bulky his withers. A buffalo robe. Dunbar walks up to greet the Kicking Bird returns the welcome and signs to him as he  speaks.
103) 0) text: It's raining. High on a hill, the Indian escort waits  stoically, horses heads bowed in the drizzle. On the haun of one of the ponies is a single deer. Down below, Wind In His Hair and Kicking Bird are still  mounted and converse with Dunbar using sign talk.
103) 5) text: Kicking Bird and Wind In His Hair disappear over the hill followed by their escort. Lightning bursts far out on the prairie.
104) 0) text: Dunbar huddles beneath the warmth of his buffalo robe. He finishing up the second of two drawings. It is a portrait Wind In His Hair, he carefully titles it "The Fierce One. He has already completed a likeness of Kicking Bird and  underneath it the words "The Quiet One."
120) 0) text: The scouts pull up in front of Ten Bears to make their re There's no way to know what's going on but something impo is happening. Wind In His Hair suddenly breaks ranks and rides back to main body of warriors. A dozen warriors strip off their s and leggings. They're ready in moments. Then, with Wind I His Hair leading them, the party breaks away from the col and rides east at a gallop. The column resumes its southward march.
129) 0) text: The buffalo scouts, Dunbar included, are galloping back t the temporary camp. It looms ahead of them, the hide-cove lodges glowing like candles in the last light of day. A b fire is blazing in the center of camp. Dunbar hangs back as the other riders go into the noisy c A special event of some kind is taking place. As he looks this scene over, Dunbar sees something remarkable. Back in the shadows, behind the fire, is a wagon. Dunbar and Cisco pace back and forth on the fringes of th camp. The lieutenant searches for any sign of the white p who came in the wagon, but finding none, he focuses on th dancers moving in a circle around the big fire. One of the men waving his lance is Wind In His Hair. Dunb eyes track up the lance and there he finds the white peop Hanging from Wind In His Hair's lance tip is a fresh scal blonde and wavy. Several of the other men have scalps too None of the hair is Indian. Dunbar can see into the wagonbed now. A couple of dozen f buffalo hides are stacked in the wagonbed. It's all come  clear. The white men who killed the buffalo for hides and tongues have themselves been killed. Dunbar slowly retreats into the shadows.
131) 0) text: A huddled body lies covered by the army issue blanket. A  moccasined foot comes into view and prods the blanketed s Lieutenant Dunbar's waking face pops out of the blanket. Standing over him is Wind In His Hair, stripped of all bu his breechclout. The barrel of his rifle is hanging downw swaying in front of the lieutenant's face. It is occurring to the lieutenant that his time may have out. The warrior swings his rifle into a shooting position, si after some imaginary game and imitates the rifle's recoil He stares down at Dunbar with a smile, lifts his rifle  overhead and barks out a cry of victory.
132) 0) text: The band's best hunters, two dozen of them, are making re to chase the buffalo. It's the big time, no event is more important. The villagers -- mostly women, children, and  elderly -- have gathered around each of the hunters. The largest audience has gathered around Lieutenant Dunba and Wind In His Hair. Wind In His Hair's pony is ready. G bolts of yellow lightning adorn his shoulders and rump. R now the warrior is drawing the same design along Cisco's  rump. Dunbar reads this correctly as a great honor and stands b silently. Wind In His Hair is finished. He looks at Dunba and nods at the paint as if asking for a response.
134) 0) text: The hunters are advancing across the prairie, spreading o in a formation that will encircle part of the herd. The lightning bolts on Wind In His Hair's pony are in mot Cisco's bolts are moving too. There's a lump in Dunbar's throat. He knows nothing of wh is expected of him but he's doing it anyway. He glances t his right at Wind In His Hair and to his left at Kicking  Bird. They're both concentrated on what lies ahead. From the corner of his eye, he sees Kicking Bird look bac The lieutenant looks too. It's a minor flap. Three or four youngsters, eager to  distinguish themselves have trailed too close to the hunt and are being turned back. Dunbar recognizes one of them the boy who took charge of Cisco at the village... Smiles Lot. Like Kicking Bird, Dunbar swings his face back to the fro They're close enough now to hear the low bellowing of the herd.
136) 0) text: Sioux hunters stream past him, every man for himself zero in on targets. Dunbar starts to dismount but something he sees stops him A hundred yards away a small hunter is after a handful of buffalo who have splintered off from the rest. It's Smile Lot, trying to make a kill of his own. As Dunbar watches, the boy's inexperienced horse shies away and bucks, pitch the kid to the ground. A big bull breaks away from the splinter group, lowers hi head and charges. Dunbar kicks Cisco into a run, spits a spare bullet from mouth and rams it into the chamber. Smiles A Lot is picking himself off the ground. The bull in full charge. Dunbar is riding with his knees. Both hands are holding t rifle. He'll never make it to the boy in time. He's got t make the shot. He squeezes the trigger. The bullet plows home, exploding the bull's heart. The bi buffalo's legs collapse but the momentum of his charge pu him into a skid. He comes to rest only a few yards away f Smiles A Lot. The boy stands as the lieutenant rides up. Smiles A Lot i dazed but he's okay. Dunbar hops off next to the dead buffalo. He's a huge one real grandfather and the lieutenant loses himself for a f moments in contemplation of this tremendous kill. Now he  looks back to check the boy. Smiles A Lot has caught his pony and is racing away from scene of his humiliation. The sounds of approaching riders turns Dunbar's attention a different direction. The entire village is streaming onto the plains for the  butchering. The riders bearing down on him are being lead by Wind In Hair. Wind In His Hair jumps off his pony and, smiling broadly, slaps Dunbar's back with a good-natured blow of  congratulations.
137) 0) text: The buffalo has been split open and Wind In His Hair, kne at the bull's side, is feeling around in the cavity. He f what he's looking for and gives it a jerk. It's the liver, still warm and steaming. He offers it to  Dunbar but the lieutenant, not having the faintest idea,  only looks at it blankly. A sizable crowd has gathered to watch this ritual. Wind In His Hair sticks the fresh liver in his mouth and  happily bites off a chunk, letting the juices run from th edges of his mouth. Now he figures the lieutenant knows w to do, and hands the liver back to him. Dunbar doesn't want to do this, but with the pressure of many eyes and so much good will, he has little choice.  Tentatively, he bites off a small piece and chews it  thoughtfully. It's good. Encouraged by this good taste, Dunbar takes a man-sized b Shrill Sioux voices rise all around him as they cheer the lieutenant. Dunbar holds the liver triumphantly over his  head.
140) 0) text: All over camp people are crowding around fires, feasting fresh meat. Children are playing everywhere, the dogs are having a field day with scraps and the voices of the peop are happy. At a little distance, we see Lieutenant Dunbar and Wind I His Hair excusing themselves from one of the fires. They  start toward us. Wind In His Hair is sucking on a rib bon and seems to show no sign of slowing down his celebrating Dunbar, following a couple paces behind, is a different s He's had it. He spreads his hands to indicate an over-siz belly.
140) 2) text: Wind In His Hair doesn't seem to hear. He points at the  epaulettes on Dunbar's tunic.
140) 4) text: Wind In His Hair reaches out and fingers the gold lieuten bars. He fingers a couple of the brass buttons as well. T tunic is something he obviously puts much store in.
140) 8) text: He sloughs off the tunic and hands it over. Wind In His H slips out of the magnificent bone-pipe breastplate he's  wearing and gives it to Dunbar as he wriggles into the tu The fit is too tight, the material too scratchy but those things are of little consequence to Wind In His Hair. He  loves the tunic. With urging signs he asks the lieutenant to put on the  breastplate. Dunbar slips it over his head and Wind In Hi Hair helps him with the ties. Now it's the lieutenant's turn to be amazed. The breastpl as craftsmanship at its finest. He runs his fingers over ridges of bone now covering him from neck to waist. He lo up at Wind In His Hair. The warrior nods approvingly, as though a good deal has h struck.
140) 10) text: But for Wind In His Hair it is already a trade. Wind In His Hair spots the next fireside and veers toward it. Dunbar holds him back.
140) 12) text: Wind In His Hair grins. He holds up a single finger.
140) 13) dialog: One more... eat...
141) 5) text: A silence falls between the two men. wind In His Hair spe
141) 6) dialog: That hat belongs to my friend here.
141) 8) dialog: You can see that he wants it now.
141) 10) dialog: We all know that is a soldier hat.  We all know who wears it. If you  want to keep it that's alright. But  give something for it.
141) 12) dialog: (pointing to his head) Good trade.
142) 0) text: Wind In His Hair finishes sucking on the rib bone and tos it to a dog that's been trailing him. Kicking Bird is wal toward him. He notices the new tunic and gives wind In Hi Hair a dubious look.
142) 2) dialog: I ate him.
142) 3) text: Kicking Bird reaches out and feels the strange material o either side of Wind In His Hair's chest.
142) 4) dialog: I traded for it.
142) 6) dialog: A little. But do you see how good it  looks. Everyone says it looks good.  Everyone.
153) 0) text: The silhouettes of three Indians are watching the strange performance below. One of them is Wind In His Hair. Down  below Dunbar continues to dance.
155) 6) text: The wolf races away this time and Dunbar immediately runs for Cisco, hoping to reach his horse and ditch Two Socks. But he's running long before the wolf comes bouncing  alongside. Dunbar weaves out at him, startling Two Socks. sidles away but as he does the lieutenant reaches out and gives the base of his tail a good hard squeeze. It might as well be a firecracker. Tow Socks gives a yelp and shoots off with his tail tucked. Dunbar laughs out lo He watches until the wolf has gone a fair distance withou sign of slowing down. Then still chuckling to himself, he turns once again and  starts for Cisco at a trot. But moments later, something  grabs at one of his ankles, the lieutenant's legs tangle he goes down face first into the grass. Dunbar's lying on his belly. Not knowing what hit him, he rolls onto his side for a closer look. There's Two Socks, sitting in the grass a few feet back. Dunbar sits up cros legged and smiles at his old friend. Two Socks catches something suddenly, perhaps from a shif in the wind, and starts to slink away. Dunbar peers over grass up at the bluff. It's Stone Calf, Kicking Bird and  Wind In His Hair.
157) 0) text: Lieutenant Dunbar's arrival this day is different from th ones which have gone before. Young mounted warriors have ridden out to swarm around hi but they're full of good cheer reserved for a special fri There's much backslapping and a few of them lean in to sh hands as they have seen him do. But some of the men have chosen to remain in front of the lodges. Their expressionless faces anything but friendly. None of this is lost on Wind In His Hair. He has the look a secret service man watching a president, as the parade  moves through the village.
158) 0) text: The escorts dismount and so does the lieutenant. Smiles A Lot suddenly comes forward and grasps Cisco's reins. Ther a brief tug of war. But before it gets out of hand, Kicki Bird is reassuring Dunbar with calm words and a smile, wi the lieutenant watching, the boy takes Cisco's muzzle bet his hands and blows breath into each nostril. He too give Dunbar a reassuring smile. In the next moment, the lieutenant finds himself being ge pushed into Kicking Bird's lodge. As Kicking Bird is about to duck in behind him, a hand on his arm stops him. It is Wind In His Hair and his tone is strong with friendly advice.
158) 1) dialog: Not everyone thinks it is a good  idea that he is here.
158) 3) text: Wind In His Hair turns to the people that have gathered a
158) 4) dialog: Kicking Bird has business with the  white man. Let him do it.
162) 3) text: Dances With Wolves is standing alone in front of his lodg Wind In His Hair is riding past. He reaches down and shak Dances With Wolves' hand. The big warrior smiles. Dances With Wolves watches the warriors go by, but his ey begin to wander. He's looking for someone among the faces the women. Who ever it is, he can't find her.
206) 0) text: The war party with Kicking Bird and Wind In His Hair at i head has halted in the middle of nowhere. The Sioux rider are coming toward them at a run. They pull up, excited wi what they have to tell. The returning war party and the two riders who met them s ahead at a gallop.
207) 0) text: Black Shawl and Stands With A Fist are clearing things aw The medicine man has hosted a dinner party which is now  winding down. Wind In His Hair is there, Dances With Wolves and several other prominent warriors. It's purely social and all the are enjoying themselves. Dances With Wolves sneaks a look of affection at Stands W A Fist, and she returns it. Then, with more theatricality than is really necessary, h stretches his arms and yawns. Wind In His Hair looks at h friend with surprise. Dances With Wolves gets to his feet.
207) 1) dialog: There is gambling tonight... at Horse  Back's lodge. Horse Back's games are  always good.
210) 0) text: Dances With Wolves sits waiting as a voice comes to him f the outside. Wind In His Hair's face pokes through the entrance. He st inside, followed by Smiles A Lot.
210) 1) dialog: There's talk that you want to get  married.
210) 3) text: Wind In His Hair and Smiles A Lot share a smile.
210) 5) dialog: That's the one isn't it?
210) 8) dialog: She has been released. Kicking Bird  did it.
210) 10) text: Wind In His Hair isn't really listening. He glances aroun the lodge curiously.
210) 11) dialog: What are you doing?
210) 13) dialog: You might be waiting a long time.  Smiles A Lot says he saw Kicking  Bird riding on the prairie...
210) 15) dialog: He says he was talking to himself.  When a medicine man is the last to  know he can take it pretty hard.
210) 17) text: Wind In His Hair looks around at the sparse furnishing.
210) 18) dialog: You are pretty poor my friend and a  Sioux girl is not for free. I don't  know if you can get married.
210) 19) text: A long silence. Dances With Wolves looks around his lodge Wind In His Hair is right. He really has nothing.
210) 21) dialog: That's too much medicine.
210) 25) dialog: Maybe we can help you... wait here  for us.
210) 26) text: Wind In His Hair and Smiles A Lot leave.
211) 0) text: Wind In His Hair and Smiles A Lot are greeted by seven  chuckling warriors. They've been listening to the exchang and move off with the two "helpers".
216) 1) dialog: Turn around...
216) 3) dialog: Pretty good...
216) 4) text: A brief silence as Wind In His Hair contemplates somethin he wants to say.
216) 5) dialog: You know, the man she mourned for  was my best friend.
216) 7) dialog: He was a good man. It's been hard  for me. I am not the thinker Kicking  Bird is. But I think he went away  from her because you were coming.  That is how I see it now.
230) 2) dialog: He must have trouble.
238) 0) text: There's a tremendous upheaval. Ten Bears' band has halted its march. SIX PAINTED WARRIORS all heavily armed are jum onto their ponies and being handed the lines to spare mou Wind In His Hair is their leader. The whole village is up to see them off. Smiles A Lot, painted and carrying a bow and quiver rides into the midst of the group. Wind In His Hair studies the resolute boy.
238) 1) dialog: You will hold our horses... nothing  more.
243) 0) text: Elgin and a soldier are leading the way. They're only a f yards from the opposite bank when the lieutenant is taken Elgin is completely surprised to find an arrow buried in chest. The outrider is about to pull up his gun when an arrow hi him square in the gut. He brings his head up to see the f force of Wind In His Hair, stringing up another arrow and taking aim. Just as the outrider is struggling to raise his gun, Wind His Hair fires off another arrow deep into the man's hear The impact sends him flying out of the saddle, dead. Wind In His Hair comes on, leading five Sioux warriors.
247) 0) text: In the midst of the smoke and confusion of the battle, Ba has made his way to the cover of the weeds along the rive bank. Crashing through the thicket, he comes to a clearing and  there in the shallows, comes face to face with Smiles A L The boy is standing in the shallows holding the extra hor The boy is so frightened at the sudden sight of this whit soldier that he doesn't move. Bauer sticks his revolver i Smiles A Lot's face and pulls the trigger. But the hammer only clicks. The gun is empty. Bauer pistol-whips the boy, knocking him to the ground an grabs for the closest of the horses. But the ponies are a stirred up now and starting to run down the river. Bauer succeeds in grabbing a hunk of mane, but the horse  he's gotten hold of is moving too fast for him to get on. But now Bauer hears a bone-chilling whoop. Wind In His Ha is coming. His pony plows through the water at full speed. A skullcr dangles from one hand. The warrior begins to whirl it aro Terrified, Bauer turns to run. Before he can take a step, hatchet buries itself to the hilt. Smiles A Lot is at the other end. But Bauer is not through. His hands are around the boy's neck, choking him with his last seconds of life. A larger than life Wind In His Hair draws even and swings his club. Bauer's head explodes,  covering Smiles A Lot in blood -- the sergeant's hands ca be seen.
248) 0) text: Still in chains, Dances With Wolves and Wind In His Hair dragging Elgin's body onto shore. Dances With Wolves rifl through the dead man's pockets. He finds a set of keys an plops down to unlock his shackles. The wounded Indian warrior is being tended to. Smiles A L is downstream washing Bauer's blood off.
252) 2) dialog: We will ride South for two days...  then turn East. No one must follow.
252) 3) text: This doesn't seem to bother Wind In His Hair. But it sets Dances With Wolves to thinking.
258) 0) text: Several men are gathered around Ten Bears' fire, includin Kicking Bird, Wind In His Hair and Dances With Wolves. All the men are draped with blankets. The wind is howling outside. The men are engaged in small talk as the pipe go around the circle. The pipe comes around to Dances With Wolves, and the man  next to him must nudge him to attention. Dances With Wolv takes the pipe and begins to smoke. Ten Bears watches him closely.
261) 0) text: From a little distance, Wind In His Hair is watching Danc With Wolves' lodge. His face is full of uncertainty and a kind of pain we have never seen before. He is in agony. He starts forward but after a few yards he stops to think He turns back but has only gone a few steps when he stops and turns to face Dances With Wolves' lodge once more. He starts for the tipi again, but he can't go thru with it. proud warrior turns away and walks quickly out of sight.
267) 1) dialog: (calling) Dances With Wolves...
268) 0) text: His pony is jacked up and, as always, Wind In His Hair lo the perfect warrior. But now his face is full of stress a he screams out the message he could not deliver in person
268) 1) dialog: I am Wind In His Hair...
269) 1) dialog: Can you not see that I am your friend?
270) 1) dialog: Can you not see that you will always  be my friend?
270) 3) dialog: Dances With Wolves...
273) 0) text: Wind In His Hair and several other warriors are just draw back from unseen vantage points on the canyon rim. Wind I His Hair glances back and hesitates, as though waiting fo someone. A great, yellow full moon has just appeared abov the opposite rim of the canyon. The yellow is brilliant, great spotlight of golden color. A wolf steps into the light on the opposite rim. He's wal in the backdrop of the moon. The wolf suddenly arches his back, sticks his muzzle in the air and produces a spine- tingling howl. The sound bounces all over the canyon. Dances With Wolves is at the canyon's rim. He listens a l time, fully entranced by the wolf's howl. He is still  listening when it is gone. A whisper floats out of the ni behind him.
273) 1) dialog: Dances With Wolves...