71) 0) text: A teenaged boy, SMILES A LOT and his two buddies OTTER an WORM lie prone outside Ten Bears' home. They are peeking  under the tipi's rolled-up sides. Their eyes are wide, fo inside there's plenty to see and hear. The village's most influential warriors have squeezed into the lodge for thi big and important meeting
74) 0) text: Three boys Otter, Worm and their leader Smiles A Lot, are riding to the fort. Smiles A Lot stops, just realizing that the other two hav fallen behind. He rides back to investigate.
74) 2) dialog: Otter doesn't want to go.
74) 9) text: Otter and Worm have blank expressions.
76) 3) text: To Smiles A Lot's amazement, Otter is suddenly gone. He's zooming backward in midair. Otter comes to ground a few yards back, throwing up a puf of dust. Cisco has screeched to a halt. Now he rears up,  twisting until the rope is free of Otter. Then he sticks tail in the air and makes tracks in the direction of the  fort. Worm chases after Cisco as Smiles A Lot sees to Ott
77) 6) text: This squabble is interrupted by Worm's return. He gallops and jumps off his pony.
77) 8) text: Worm shakes his head in frustration. Otter grabs a handfu of dirt and flings it at Smiles A Lot and Worm.
77) 10) dialog: I will be when my father finds out,  his bow will be across my back.
91) 0) text: Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter (who now sports a crude spli on his arm) are occupying an open space in the midst of a huge pony herd. They should be on guard against enemies but the three boy are sitting on the ground, absorbed in a gambling game.
95) 0) text: Otter, Worm and Smiles A Lot are riding in, drawn by the  ruckus in the village. They see the white soldier oh his  horse leaving the camp. They see the tumult in the villag and realize they are in trouble, again. Some of the young, mounted warriors are shouting taunts a the departing soldier, calling for him to come back and f They seem set to take out after him when Kicking Bird sud appears in front of their ponies.
119) 0) text: A wide stretch of prairie, falling away to nothing. The buffalo have left a trail in the form of a tremendous swath of torn-up ground, several hundred yards from side side. Indians on horseback move into the picture. Most of Ten Bears' camp is moving out in a long, noisy co Spirits are high. First come the lead scouts, followed by Ten Bears and his advisors, Kicking Bird and wind In His  Hair among them. A large body of warriors come next. Behi these men are the women, children and elderly. Dunbar is  riding at the head of the last group. The attitudes of the people have changed significantly. P who catch his eye are openly smiling at the lieutenant. An old woman comes alongside and offers him a piece of dr meat, patting his hand as he takes it. Here comes Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter, all on ponies,  galloping up beside him. They want to play.
180) 2) text: Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter are sitting pathside. Worm i holding a sack.
180) 6) text: Worm opens the sack. A large, wriggling snake lies in the bottom.
180) 7) dialog: We got a snake.
180) 10) text: The two parties split up and everyone says goodbye to Sta With A Fist. She makes her way up to the village. Dances With Wolves watches her go. Turning back to head d to the river, he is greeted by the open hissing mouth of  Worm's snake.
180) 12) text: Worm and Otter laugh and race off down the path. Smiles A Lot and Dances With Wolves follow, Dances With W a little ahead. Something on his back, something curious, has captured Smiles A Lot's attention. There's a strange coating of fuzz on Dances With Wolves'  back. Something occurs to Smiles A Lot. He stops and turns, his eyes going up the trail. Stands With A Fist is walking toward the village, it's th on her back too... cattail fuzz. Smiles A Lot laughs and runs to catch Dances With Wolves. The boy slaps Dunbar with a knowing pat and a big grin.
204) 0) text: The Toughest has his knife to Stone Calf's forehead and i preparing to scalp his victim when something strikes him the lower leg. He looks down to find a small arrow imbedded in his calf. looks up to see three boys, Otter, Worm, and Smiles A Lot huddled at the edge of the battlefield. He turns back to finish the job when another arrow hits h Enraged he breaks off the arrow, leaps onto a horse and  charges the kids. Their faces go ashen as the Toughest bears down on them. Otter's arrow flies weakly into the air. The boys turn an run for their lives. The Toughest would catch them with ease but now, he sees  half a dozen howling Sioux warriors angling in to cut him off. He knows in a glance that the fight has been lost. H also knows that he can still escape if he changes directi He veers for the river. The Sioux are distraught. The Toughest will get away. But wait, Dances with Wolves is at full speed now. He is  streaking across the battlefield. Suddenly, the Pawnee himself is hurtling through space, d there by the full force impact of Dances With Wolves' sho which has caught him rib high. Both men hit the ground grappling and rolling. A knife flashes in the Toughest's hand and Dances With Wo can only react quick enough to keep the knife from a vita spot. As it is, the blade lays open a huge gash on his ar They square off. The Toughest knows the advantage is his. smiles grimly at Dances With Wolves and grunts sadistical But the sound from his throat is cut short by the simulta arrival of five Sioux arrows. Before the Pawnee can fall, six Sioux warriors are on him tearing him to pieces.
218) 0) text: The lodge flap is still closed. But now it is covered in  sunshine. Smiles A Lot, Worm and Otter are just across the way, bun now against the chill of oncoming winter. They're watchin too. Smiles A Lot is standing next to Worm, -- Otter is o his haunches. Both are gnawing at a breakfast of dried me as they talk nonchalantly.
218) 1) dialog: Dances With Wolves' door is closed  alot these days.
218) 6) dialog: Maybe they're having a hard time.  Some people have a hard time.
218) 9) text: A silence as the boys watch smoke curl out of the lodge.  Worm laughs to himself.