3) 0) text: Gabe, with no luggage, is at the small airport's only car rental counter, doing the paperwork for a RENTAL AGENT.
3) 1) dialog: Midsize?
3) 3) dialog: How long will you be needing it?
11) 1) dialog: Just enjoy the view, huh? (Matheson says nothing) Relax. I mean, what could happen in the air?
11) 14) dialog: Forward compartment -- left side --
11) 20) text: Travers puts his hands out and walks forward -- slowly, backing Matheson into the cabin. Not in surrender, but as he's calming a nutcase. The other agents see this and don know which way to jump.
11) 24) text: They now think Matheson is crazy too -- he looks nuts -- other agents move behind him. Matheson gets even more fra and point his gun at them.
11) 26) text: The other two agents get behind Matheson and rapidly disa him. Travers pulls out his gun with a slow, leisurely mov
11) 28) text: Travers FIRES his gun three times, one for each agent's chest -- the agents are cut down, realizing too late what happened. A fourth SHOT knocks Matheson over a seat as if been kicked. Travers puts his gun away and puts on a radi headset as he goes to a window.
15) 12) text: Travers pulls the two dead FBI agents out of the compartment -- one is dressed in a flying suit like the p one in a suit like Travers.
52) 0) text: A frenzy of activity, as several dozen Treasury agents si through the snow for the wreckage of the CT-39, some taki photos, some taking videotapes, some putting the pieces i bags for analysis. Many bags. Many small bags.
52) 9) text: Wright storms off as agents delicately handle debris.
72) 0) text: Treasury agents sift debris as Davis runs up to Stuart.
84) 0) text: Dedicated agent Travers leans in reasonable comfort again the helicopter and keys his headset mike.
85) 9) text: Before this can go on, a FORENSICS AGENT runs up to Stuar carrying a recorder.
85) 10) dialog: Sir -- we found the flight recorder -- it was driven twenty feet deep into a crater. It was demolished, but we salvaged the recording --
85) 12) text: Stuart clicks the recorder on with a flourish, but his sm look melts as the voice of FBI agent Matheson explains --
98) 26) text: Hal ends his harrangue and looks over -- Gabe has apparen revived, because he and Maggie are locked in the kiss of lives. Hal stands, and smiles -- he walks toward the Trea agents, who are scrambling out of the helicopter. Hal sta an explanation that's going to take a long, long time as