1) 11) text: This is GABE WALKER (30s). In spite of the cold and the s he's fearlessly, swiftly scaling the tower without safety lines, as if he's done it a hundred times. That's because has done it a hundred times. This is what Gabe lives for.
1) 14) text: Hal pulls out a box of wooden matches and lights one Boga style, one-handed with a thumbnail, cupping a hand to shi it against the wind. Gabe bends down for it -- a familiar routine. We know in a glance they've been friends for yea
1) 15) dialog: Maybe you could tell me why I am rescuing you.
1) 17) dialog: (into radio) Rescue One -- have located helpless climber, please prepare idiot line for transport, over --
1) 19) dialog: who precariously swings out from the ledge to grab it -- wire is just out of reach. Hal grabs the radio.
1) 22) text: Gabe finally grabs the line, secures it to a heavy piton, hammers it into the wall.
1) 23) dialog: (to Susan) This guy showing you a good time?
1) 26) dialog: Now, remember -- keep your arms and legs within the vehicle at all times --
1) 32) dialog: Ready? (sees she's afraid) Did he tell you about the time he almost made it up Everest?
1) 34) dialog: Well, if he's bored you with that bullshit, then this has to be the best part of a bad date. Right?
1) 36) dialog: Ready?
1) 38) text: Gabe starts to push her out on the line, but she grabs hi in a panic.
1) 40) text: Susan starts to tilt her head down -- Gabe gently takes h of her chin, turning her view up to face him.
1) 41) dialog: Yes you can. (reassuring) You can do it. Don't look down.  The whole way across, don't look down. Look at me. Just keep looking at me -- and you'll be okay.
1) 42) text: Susan looks at Gabe -- trying to be confident -- nods.
1) 43) dialog: Sure?
1) 45) text: Gabe grins and gently pushes her out. Susan tentatively p herself across -- then develops a rhythm, building speed
1) 47) dialog: signalling "OK" -- "you're doing fine" --
1) 54) dialog: moves back from the ledge.
1) 55) dialog: (loud, in control) Hold on. I'm coming out to get you.
1) 56) text: Gabe gently pulls himself up on the line, crosses his ank on it, and clips himself on with a three foot safety line Gabe starts smoothly, quickly pulling himself out, but --
1) 58) dialog: urgently pulls himself along the line faster, trying not shake the line. As he gets closer and closer to a terrifi Susan, his eyes lock on hers --
1) 59) dialog: Keep looking at me. Hold on --
1) 60) text: Gabe is only ten feet away from --
1) 67) dialog: deliberately lets go of the main line and launches himsel at Susan --
1) 71) dialog: who can only look down, swaying helplessly on the wire as Susan's SCREAM starts --
1) 75) dialog: twists from his safety line, spinning helplessly -- he wa to, but can't, shut his eyes --
2) 0) text: sweating, panting, awake. It hasn't been that long since accident -- a year, to be exact -- but he looks older. He looks as if he's watched Susan Collins drop at least one hundred times. Gabe reels himself in as a STEWARDESS hand a glass of water.
2) 2) text: Gabe shakes his head.
2) 3) dialog: Falling.
3) 0) text: Gabe, with no luggage, is at the small airport's only car rental counter, doing the paperwork for a RENTAL AGENT.
3) 2) dialog: Any size, any color, any model.
3) 4) dialog: (flat) Just under six hours.
3) 6) text: Gabe turns and looks at
3) 9) text: Gabe's happy to see her -- but at the same time, he isn't She looks too good -- and she brings up quite a mixed bag memories. Maggie carves on a smile.
4) 0) text: Maggie pilots the copter, heading out toward the mountain range. Gabe fiddles with some of the equipment inside. Bo grope for a way to start the conversation.
4) 1) dialog: This is new...
4) 3) text: Gabe flicks it on, looks at the total absence of heat as fly over the snow.
4) 4) dialog: Still find the dead ones the old fashioned way, I guess.
4) 5) text: So much for small talk. Gabe is clearly uneasy watching t mountains go by. Maggie breaks an awkward silence --
4) 7) dialog: (shakes head) If I did, I'd have to listen to you tell me one more time that it wasn't my fault.
4) 9) dialog: -- If I did everything right, Susan Collins would still be alive.
4) 12) dialog: Do you really believe all that?  That it wasn't our fault?
4) 13) text: Maggie slows the rotor, her eyes on the controls. Gabe's are locked on her.
4) 16) dialog: I'm not sure what I wish more, Maggie. That you meant what you said, just now -- or that it were really true then.
5) 2) text: Gabe gets out of the copter, and Hal sees him for the fir time. Unlike the last time we saw them, neither man is gl see the other. Hal turns on Maggie.
5) 4) text: Maggie takes off as Gabe and Hal step away from the copte Gabe eyes Hal's uniform and almost -- not quite but almos laughs.
5) 5) dialog: Christ. You're in charge of Rescue now?
5) 7) dialog: Well, you're a better man than I am, Hal. Nothing rattles you.
5) 8) text: The rookie climbers get off the practice wall to watch th faceoff. Gabe and Hal are one crack away from beating hel of each other. Frank heads over to defuse the confrontati
5) 10) dialog: Good idea. Say, Hal? (beat) Why don't you come with me so we can show these rookies how to death-rig a woman properly?
5) 11) text: That tears it -- Hal rushes Gabe and they pummel each oth until Frank and the others pull them apart, panting and bleeding.  Hal throws off the men holding him back -- but instead of going at Gabe again, Hal throws Gabe a set of keys.
5) 13) text: Hal heads back into the office -- Gabe heads for the Bron
13) 1) dialog: brushes some of the falling snow away from the marker. He down his flowers and pauses for a moment -- then gets int Bronco and drives away.
14) 0) text: Gabe looks out the window at the countryside he used to b in. He's wondering if he still does.
23) 1) dialog: pulls into the driveway and puts the Bronco in park. He doesn't cut the engine, because he's not sure whether he' going in or not. Finally -- he cuts the ignition.
24) 1) dialog: Maggie?
24) 2) text: No answer. Gabe takes a look around the living room. His tells us, without a doubt, this used to be his home. Gabe moves inside, pausing at a mantle. Two framed photos -- G and Maggie sleeping together in a hammock, bolted to a sh wall over a 2,000 foot drop. Gabe, Hal and Maggie, all younger, all sporting drunken grins, in a mountain cave. smiles for the first time today at this memory -- a BANGI the back of the cabin shakes him out of it.
25) 0) text: has come open and swings in the wind. Gabe steps outside pulls it shut. Gabe looks down and sees tracks that lead small but sturdy shed a few yards away. Gabe heads over t
26) 3) text: The door to the shed opens -- Gabe steps in, and shuts th door behind him. Maggie looks surprised to see him. Gabe looks awkward.
26) 4) dialog: Hi. (beat) Could you introduce us?
26) 6) dialog: Not the tag -- what do you call him?
26) 8) dialog: (bends down, eyes wound) Poachers? (Maggie nods) Bastards...
26) 10) dialog: About four months, right? (Maggie nods) Christ -- it must have been just about his -- I mean her -- first flight --
26) 13) dialog: You can't do that alone --
26) 16) dialog: I'm making her nervous -- (beat) You hold her, I'll do the dressing.
26) 17) text: Gabe finds another pair of gloves, sterile cotton pads an alcohol in a drawer -- Maggie reaches in and grabs the ea beak and talons quickly but gently, and takes it out of t cage, holding it firm. This is clearly something they've many times before. They move together, tight -- Gabe and Maggie both react to this bit of close contact as they ba the eagle. It's getting warmer in here. Gabe reaches down yanks off the patch. The eagle thrashes as Gabe cleans th wound.
26) 18) dialog: Got some fight in her -- that's good. (beat) What happened to Dave?
26) 20) text: Gabe winces at this one as he carefully tapes the small p and sticks it on the eagle's side. Maggie puts the eagle in the cage and closes the top door. Gabe and Maggie don' move any further apart as they pull their gloves off. Gab tentatively reaches for Maggie's face -- but she pushes h hand away.
26) 22) dialog: (pauses) I thought I came back to see if I'd learned to live with it. Well, big surprise. Coming back just tore me open all over again, like it all happened yesterday instead of a year ago. Nothing's changed. Including the way I feel about you. (beat) I didn't realize it till I saw you at the airport. But I came back for you, Maggie.
26) 24) dialog: No. Not here. (beat) I want you come with me. Start over, somewhere else.
26) 29) dialog: What the hell do you want?
26) 31) dialog: "We"? (beat) Talk to somebody who's still on the payroll. You've got a half dozen new guys --
26) 33) dialog: During the summer. On a bet.
26) 35) dialog: (shakes his head) Maybe you missed the headlines -- but I don't do rescues any more. They're bad for my conscience. (beat) Fuck this one up on your own.
26) 36) text: Gabe walks past Hal. Furious, Hal spins Gabe around.
26) 38) dialog: (hot) Not like I was, pal -- her fingers brushed mine on the way down --
26) 40) text: Gabe knows he's right. But he's hesitant. And scared.
26) 41) dialog: I don't want the responsibility.
26) 43) text: Gabe turns. Sees Maggie in the doorway. She's heard every word. Gabe turns to Hal -- hesitates -- and nods.
27) 3) dialog: Just backup.
27) 4) text: Gabe readies a coil of rope and starts up the wall.
27) 5) dialog: (not a challenge) I'll lead. I left a few bolts last time I climbed this -- I think I can find some of them.
27) 6) text: Hal starts up after Gabe, easily keeping pace with him.
27) 8) dialog: (further up) Tell you what, Hal -- if we're still alive tomorrow morning, I'll give you the twenty bucks back, okay?
28) 1) text: is not only higher, it's a lot tougher to climb. Instead being angular, the wall is now completely vertical -- and coated with ice. Rough, irregular ice ledges are all Gabe Hal can grip -- it's a matter of grabbing what you can fo handhold, and kicking the spikes of the steel crampons on their boots into the ice for footholds. Gabe leads, plant pitons into the ice, threading the rope through them as h goes. Three steel pins between Gabe and Hal. Their only s net. Gabe, trailing rope behind him, goes up a difficult of ice and climbs under a ledge, where he anchors the rop the ice with another piton.
28) 2) dialog: (shouting down) Anchored!
28) 6) dialog: hugs the ice wall, making himself as flat as possible --
28) 7) dialog: (shouting down) Rockslide!
28) 12) dialog: who's seen everything we have, quickly reaches to the pit he's just anchored, and removes the carabiner clip --
28) 14) dialog: has the bolt gun out. He rapidly hooks the rope's carabin clip to the chambered bolt, and FIRES it at a solid rock above him --
28) 16) dialog: lashes the rope to his shoulder, bracing for the coming i by lodging his feet in the ice --
28) 18) dialog: is almost dragged down by the jolt -- he painfully takes of the impact in his shoulders -- the shock forces his fe through an ice ledge -- but the rope, bolted to the rock above, has held. Barely.
28) 19) dialog: (shaken, voice gone) Anchored -- (shouts this time) Anchored!
28) 22) text: Hal climbs up the rope, finally reaching another ledge slightly below Gabe's. Hal leans against the wall, gaspin Gabe clips the gun to his pack.
28) 24) dialog: (wheezing too) It's kind of hard to resist -- GABE                         HAL It's not dead                It's not dead weight -- you                weight -- I am. are.
28) 25) text: Hal and Gabe start howling -- that hysterical, giddy laug that only comes from just missing a violent end.
29) 0) text: From the top of the bluff, someone is looking down throug binoculars -- Gabe and Hal's orange jackets are plainly visible a few hundred yards below.
29) 6) dialog: Come on -- the hard part's over.
29) 7) text: Gabe heads up and over
29) 10) text: Hal and Gabe run into the wooded area and follow the wreckage -- felled trees, a smashed wing -- and reach
29) 12) dialog: I thought the fuselage was broken. That looks pretty cozy.
29) 14) dialog: Something's wrong here --
29) 16) text: Hal pulls open the passenger door and goes in -- Gabe, wa takes a look around the plane.
29) 27) dialog: notes footprints in the snow -- fresh ones -- and kneels to look at the cable wrapped around the tree. No ordinary accident. But before he can think about this, he gets an earful of gun barrel from Qualen, who is behind him.
29) 35) dialog: My ex.
29) 37) text: Travers motions to Ryan and Qualen, who shove Gabe and Ha forward in the cabin. Travers takes out the tracer monito
29) 39) text: Gabe and Hal eye each other -- no choice. Gabe nods.
30) 0) text: Hal and Gabe lead the "expedition" down a steep, but pass descent, leading to --
30) 3) text: Gabe pauses as he holds the monitor up against the mountainscape.
30) 5) dialog: This way.
30) 6) text: Gabe, with Hal right behind, leads them up the wall -- it not a straight climb, but there's a series of zig-zagging natural ledges that cut up the wall. Wide enough even for amateur. The others follow Gabe and Hal's example.
31) 1) text: As Gabe hammers in a new piton, he turns to Hal.
31) 2) dialog: (sotto) We don't have to do this. We know these mountains -- they don't. If we can get ahead --
31) 4) dialog: We've got to try something. Think we'll get a finder's fee after they get all their "luggage"?
31) 6) dialog: That's not what really worries me.
31) 8) dialog: Yeah. Once they've got what they're after -- they're gonna need a copter to get out of here.
31) 10) text: Gabe nods grimly -- and keeps moving up. The rest keep pa
31) 16) dialog: I'll need the ice axe.
31) 18) dialog: (sighs) Okay. How about some tape?
31) 19) text: Travers nods -- Kynette pulls a roll of tape out of Gabe' confiscated pack and throws it to him.
31) 20) dialog: Crampons too.
31) 21) text: Travers hesitates, but nods -- Kynette throws him the iro spikes. Gabe fastens them to his boots. Gabe looks up -- this is going to be tough, even for him. spite of the cold, he takes off his gloves -- that's how these holds are -- and he meticulously tapes up his hands his fingers.
31) 22) dialog: moves up the wall with some ease at first -- there are hand-sized handholds, and decent footholds -- but twenty up, there's nothing. To keep going, Gabe has to painfully wedge his fingers into small cracks, essentially supporti his weight only by several fingerholds at any given momen We can see from the angle that Gabe is at least 3,000 fee from solid ground. We can see from his face that he's try not to think about it.
31) 30) dialog: Jesus.
31) 35) dialog: (shouting down) I've got a better idea. Why don't you come up and get it?
31) 36) text: With the case, Gabe moves, back against the wall, on a le that skirts off the overhand -- from Travers and Qualen's point of view. Gabe can hardly be seen -- since the mount bulges out as it goes up. Gabe's got a slight edge of cov
31) 39) dialog: who has to flatten against the upper ledge -- bullets how past at twenty per second, SPARKING against the lip of th rock -- it's cover, but not much --
31) 47) text: Gabe moves across his thing ledge as Heldon runs across h Gabe ducks back and has to flatten even more against the because his ledge is getting smaller --
31) 49) text: There's now nothing between Heldon and Gabe -- Heldon tak dead aim --
31) 50) dialog: looks up, sweating it --
31) 51) dialog: Come on --
31) 53) dialog: who drops the case and hugs the wall --
32) 14) dialog: -- his hand gropes out -- and with some difficulty, he di himself out, gasping and coughing. Gabe, coated with snow leans against the wall and rests. Alive.
36) 10) dialog: and he barely has the strength to hold on, much less go u Gabe holds himself steady with one hand, gets a foothold, swings another hand up to SLAM it against the wall. He's improvised gear -- he's tied a crampon to one hand. it's as awkward as it sounds. Gabe moves up only a foot o -- then pulls out the crampon, reaches up, and SLAMS it i the wall, starting the painful process over again.
38) 1) dialog: (teeth chattering) A steambath. (spikes himself up) A steambath -- and a bottle of whiskey. (new foothold) A steambath with a bottle of Glenlivet. And a fire. (new handhold) A steambath -- with a bottle of Glenlivet -- and a steak. (new foothold) A steak soaked with Glenlivet, cooking over a steambath on fire.
38) 2) text: Gabe finally reaches the top of the wall, where it meets enormous overhang of ice.
38) 3) dialog: is right underneath where the ice flows over the wall. Ga takes his handheld crampon and hammers it into the ice overhead with more force than usual. This one is going to to hold. Gabe steels himself for a tough move -- with one hand gri that crampon, he swings out, away from the wall. Only the crampon spikes jammed into the ice above his han are keeping Gabe from falling. Gabe needs the second cram to make the move up -- but that's not going to be easy to It's attached to his boot. As Gabe clings to the upper crampon, his body swaying, he reaches down with his free hand to loosen the other cramp
38) 7) dialog: still swinging from one hand, takes the now-freed crampon slams it into the ice. It doesn't hold -- but the force o Gabe's swing, pushing him away, has loosened the other crampon. Gabe only gets one more shot at this -- he swing the free crampon up with all his might -- it catches in t same split second as the other dislodges. But the hard part is over -- with the two crayons, Gabe quickly manages to climb up over the lip of
39) 0) text: is just a small "point of interest" shed for hardy touris who have hiked up this far -- there is a corny photo stan where you stick your head through a hole, so your face is on top of a cartoon climber hacking up a mountain. Gabe r past this to a glass display case on the wall.
39) 2) dialog: (sighing) Sorry, Gordon -- I promise I'll have it back tomorrow.
39) 3) text: Gabe SMASHES the glass as we move to --
41) 0) text: It's getting dark rapidly -- Gabe has scaled a rock forma so he has a view of the rest of the summit --
41) 2) dialog: climbs down from his rock perch and rushes toward the tre
42) 20) dialog: begins climbing down to level ground so he can circle clo to where Travers is holding Hal -- before he can get far
42) 23) dialog: is startled as the bullets impact inches over his head -- jumps the last ten feet to the ground and is running even he hits the ground -- more bullets hit where Gabe was a split second ago --
42) 25) dialog: runs too, trying to dodge Ryan's continuing fusillades -- knows this territory, but to him, it's still pitch dark - stumbles, and rams against trees --
42) 27) dialog: comes out of the trees and finds he is on another part of summit. All that's beneath him is
42) 29) dialog: is driven forward by a fresh burst of bullets -- he dives the edge of the ice field and ducks behind a boulder -- t sole source of cover.
42) 32) dialog: fumbles in his backpack and pulls out something from the Douglas exhibit -- an ancient flare that looks like a can sterno. Gabe pulls out his lighter and tries to light it resists and looks like a dud, but finally it catches, and it ignites Gabe heaves it over the boulder at Ryan --
42) 35) dialog: bolts out from behind the boulder to rush him --
42) 37) dialog: just runs straight ahead to Ryan, getting to him before t machine gun field of fire can intersect his path -- Gabe tackles Ryan as he manages to get the goggles off -- both fall to the ground, and -- The machine gun CLATTERS away, landing on the edge of the just out of reach -- Ryan, now recovered from the blindin flash, pulls an ice axe out of a pack sheath and swings i Gabe -- Gabe rolls away in time, and gets to the machine grabbing it -- But Ryan dives for Gabe, slamming into him the force of it knocks the machine gun loose -- it skips the ice slope -- but the momentum of Ryan's hit also carr both Gabe and Ryan over the edge, onto --
42) 43) dialog: tries to maintain his perch on Ryan, who is SCREAMING and yet used to the idea of being a human sled -- he isn't remaining still enough to provide a smooth ride -- Gabe frantically reaches behind to Ryan's wrist to get the ice trailing from a wrist strap, but Ryan's arm is thrashing threatening to toss off the axe --
42) 46) dialog: finally grabs the ice axe, pulling it off Ryan's wrist -- as they reach the precipice edge, Gabe loops the axe to h wrist and swings toward the ice with everything he's got The axe's scythe-like blade catches on the ice, right at lip of the precipice -- Gabe is wrenched to a painful hal suspended over the drop, as what's left of Ryan, still SCREAMING, shoots over the edge -- Gabe unhooks the axe, and gets another handhold. Gabe use axe to climb further down the ice to some rock -- finding easier hand holds, he quickly disappears into the darknes
44) 0) text: Gabe confidently drops down onto a large ledge that juts from the wall -- obviously familiar territory for him. Th ledge leads to a small, enclosed cave. Gabe takes out his penlight and shines it -- but the light looks dim. Batter are low. Gabe pockets it, flicks his lighter and goes in
44) 2) dialog: smiles with the memories -- then his face brightens with memory in particular. Gabe rushes to a corner of the cave opens a rock-lid to a hiding place.
44) 3) dialog: Please still be there -- oh, please --
44) 4) text: Gabe reaches in the stash and finds an ancient half-full of Jack Daniels. The first thing to go right all day. Gab uncaps it and gratefully gulps down a double shot. Peace, last. Gabe smiles and leans against the wall, closing his -- but he's startled instantly by a SCREECH -- Gabe's eye shoot open -- An aggressive rat scurries toward him on the floor. Gabe grabs a rock and CLOBBERS the rat off-screen, ending screeches with one blow. Gabe's face first registers disgust -- then an idea. Then real disgust. Sighing, Gabe pulls out a pocket knife and opens the blade.
45) 0) text: Gabe takes the now cooked rat carcass -- properly skinned butchered -- off his knife blade. We can see from flicker shadows that a small fire is now burning in a cave -- we pull back to see
45) 2) dialog: (mouth full) Mmm. Just like -- chicken.
45) 3) text: Gabe sparingly washes the bite down with a taste of Jack Daniel. It's going to have to last him. He has an entire to get through.
49) 16) dialog: 
49) 17) dialog: Come on -- wait till you're out of range -- don't pull it yet --
49) 25) dialog: turns away -- he can't watch Evan hit bottom -- he grimac and looks up with absolute hate at
49) 30) dialog: (quietly) Don't worry. You will.
51) 3) text: Hal looks back. Travers is right. There's absolutely no w Gabe can come up behind them without being seen.
51) 6) dialog: pulls out his ancient binoculars, and scans the crack.
51) 8) dialog: puts away the binoculars and wedges himself into the crac starting the long process of going up -- and through -- t mountain formation.
54) 4) dialog: I didn't need to see that. I really didn't.
54) 5) text: Gabe cuts the light and slithers up through the dark.
57) 0) text: Gabe has a quick climbing rhythm now. He pulls himself up his hands, then braces his body with his back, and pulls himself up again -- he's not looking up, because he can't anything yet anyway -- naturally, this leads to -- A head and rock collision. Gabe's head crashes against a part of the crack, as the passage thins out. He gropes up The passage is narrowing to the point that he can't get through it. Dead end.
57) 1) dialog: Should've taken that left turn at Albequerque.
57) 2) text: Gabe backs down, and starts to slide across the side. Wit his back wedged against the rear wall, he uses his feet t push against the forward wall.
57) 4) dialog: blindly pushes to the side, rattled by the difficulty of this in the dark.
57) 5) dialog: It's just like any other side move -- you can't see where the fuck you're going, that's all --
57) 6) text: Gabe stops and fishes out his penlight. Turning it on, it clear those batteries haven't gotten any more potent in t last few hours. Gabe shines it to the side.
57) 8) dialog: exasperated, puts the penlight in his mouth and moves on.
57) 9) dialog: (garbled) Much better.
57) 10) text: Gabe inches on to the side. Looks up to see if the crack gotten wider. It hasn't. Gabe mumbles something phonetica near "motherfucker" around the flashlight, aiming it up -
57) 12) dialog: still cursing, still looking up, still moving to the side he gets the opening he wants, but not where he wants it - The crack suddenly, drastically widens as he moves to the side -- since he's been bracing his back against the wall Gabe falls out of control, twisting around, face down -- Gabe bounces down the walls for several yards and catches himself by bracing his arms and legs against the crack. I now five feet wide as he painfully brakes himself --
57) 14) dialog: is now, literally, in a jam. There are no handholds, no ledges, and the walls are slick. All he can do is remain braced against the crack's walls until his already sore a and legs give out.
61) 0) text: Gabe is just as we left him. Face down, arms and legs pre against the five-foot gap of the tunnel walls. Carefully, Gabe takes one hand off the wall, gets out his lighter with the other, and ignites it for a look --
61) 2) dialog: snaps the lighter shut, pockets it, and readies himself. Gabe steadily "walks" up the vertical passage by bracing himself with one leg and one arm -- then moving the other leg and arm up. Gabe repeats this until he has his hands on the curved ed where the crack snakes into a sideways passage. But there no handholds that will allow Gabe to get a grip and simpl swing over and climb up.
61) 3) dialog: (winded) So much for the easy part.
63) 0) text: Gabe moves up through the diagonal section -- the crack i starting to go directly upward. Gabe looks up --
63) 2) dialog: knows the top is twenty feet away. Gabe starts up the eas segment, his back braced against one wall.
65) 0) text: Gabe, wedged near the top of the crack, is ready to dig through the snow -- but he hears the sound, muffled and distant, of Kynette talking. Gabe strains to hear -- a ba time to come up? Might be.
66) 7) dialog: appears -- he completes his run toward Kynette's back and kicks him over the edge --
66) 9) dialog: yanks Maggie to her feet and onto the top. Maggie gets a look at Gabe -- his clothes are slashed, he's covered wit cuts, and coated with slime and dirt from the crack. He l like he's just spent a week in Hell. Gabe doesn't react t reaction -- he just grabs her hand and runs.
66) 11) dialog: Come on --
66) 13) dialog: Here.
66) 14) text: Gabe jumps on a spot in the snow over the crack, caving i in -- Gabe falls two feet into
66) 16) dialog: Today, goddamit!
66) 17) text: Gabe rappels down the rope into the darkness.
66) 26) dialog: feels the rope go taut -- he yanks the rope down hard --
66) 28) dialog: looks over as Kynette bounces past him, a few feet away - rope goes slack in his hand as Kynette falls below.
66) 31) dialog: This way. (off Maggie's look) I like the outside of the mountain better too, but --
66) 32) text: Gabe and Maggie move along the ledge --
66) 35) dialog: Stop.
66) 37) dialog: I need to stop.
66) 38) text: Exhausted, Gabe braces himself against the wall.
66) 39) dialog: (looks at Maggie) I'm glad to see you -- but Christ, I wish you hadn't come.
67) 7) dialog: (still panting) Try it from this side. Do you still have your radio?
67) 9) dialog: Let's give it a try. (she hands it to him) I'm in bad need of a ride. (keys it) Come in, Rescue Unit --
68) 1) dialog: (over radio) -- Come in, Rescue One --
69) 0) text: The radio is reading Gabe loud, if not clear -- the interference of solid rock is garbling it. But we can see the window that Frank is now between radios, carefully hauling Evan's body from the helicopter to the station on collapsible gurney. No one else is in the station.
69) 1) dialog: (over radio, broken up) -- Come in, Frank --
70) 0) text: Gabe, exasperated, stops for a moment.
70) 1) dialog: Is there anybody else on the radio?
70) 3) dialog: I take a year off and the department goes to hell. (keys it) -- Come in, Rescue Unit --
70) 5) text: Recognizably the part of the crack Gabe and Maggie dove into -- but perched on the edge is a block of plastic explosive -- the detonator LED races down -- 0:20 -- 0:19
71) 1) dialog: (via radio) Come in, Frank -- over --
71) 3) text: Gabe's radio calls continue as Qualen extends his arm tow the buttress and starts a silent hand countdown, stage ma style -- five -- four -- three --
71) 16) dialog: is knocked down to a point where the crack narrows -- he himself by jamming his body against the sides. Suddenly, quiet. A little dirt whistles through, but that's all. The cave-in has stopped, as it's filled in the crack abov And Maggie is in the middle of it.  Gabe unsheaths his ic and starts hacking up to get at Maggie. Dirt and rocks fa his face as he digs --
71) 19) dialog: Are you all right?
71) 24) dialog: No -- there could be another bomb up there -- even if there isn't, we could get another cave-in. The only sure way out is through the side.
73) 0) text: Gabe and Maggie cautiously move along a single ledge -- finally, some light can be seen, thirty feet ahead, as th round a corner.
73) 1) dialog: (smiling) Come on -- we're almost out.
73) 2) text: The crack narrows, and Gabe straddles it, putting his fee the opposite edge to walk faster. But before he can go on
73) 6) text: Kynette smashes Gabe's face with a devastating, brass-knu punch --
73) 7) dialog: falls back, desperately grabbing at the walls to stop him from going all the way down -- as he weakly tries to get
73) 25) dialog: Move!
73) 26) text: Maggie doesn't have to be told twice -- she and Gabe move the narrowed crack quickly, but under the circumstances, this "running" looks damn slow --
73) 35) dialog: Knock this in the side. Make it firm.
73) 36) text: Maggie does as Gabe takes the binoculars out, and climbs on a slim toehold so he can look up the wall.
73) 38) dialog: Bad news. There's another bomb up there. We've got to move quick.
73) 39) text: Gabe scans methodically but rapidly down the rock below. smooth. Until -- Gabe swings the binoculars back. There's lip ninety feet below, leading into the wall. A cave.
73) 40) dialog: Good news. There's a cave down there.
73) 41) dialog: puts away the binoculars and swings back to Maggie -- she the length of rope drop. It's thirty feet long. Not even almost long enough to get to the shelter. Gabe leans agai the crack wall, drained. Now what?
73) 50) dialog: (defeated) Die. I'm sorry, Maggie. I'm sorry you got into this.
73) 51) text: Gabe and Maggie fuse together in a tight embrace -- a fin embrace. But Gabe opens his eyes as the rope, still in Maggie's hand, brushes his cheek. The end is frayed. Gabe's eyes light up. Inspiration. Gabe breaks off the em and snatches the rope from her -- he pulls at the end and furiously starts unravelling it.
76) 10) dialog: Forget about it. He can't hear you. (hands Maggie some rope) Tie these together. Tight.
76) 12) dialog: This is rope from the Gordon exhibit. The way guys climbed then, they'd tie on three at a time -- this rope'll take around nine hundred pounds.
76) 14) dialog: (misses the point) Yeah, they made it pretty good then. Each of these strands ought to hold about 300 pounds before snapping.
76) 15) text: Gabe rapidly ties the rope to the piton -- Maggie works o third connecting knot as she does the mental calculation what she and Gabe weigh together.
76) 17) text: Gabe takes the line from her and lets it drop. Ninety fee what looks like twine.
76) 18) dialog: Depends on how big a breakfast you had. You want to go first?
76) 19) text: Maggie's stunned -- but there's no choice. She starts the rappel down, and Gabe is close behind.
76) 27) dialog: (shouting) Swing towards it -- and drop!
82) 0) text: Dust from the rockslide is drifting past the cave opening the worst is over. Gabe rolls Maggie over carefully.
82) 1) dialog: Are you okay?
82) 3) dialog: (shows money in his pack) This. That plane crash -- it's a half dozen guys who were smart enough to steal fifty million bucks, but dumb enough to drop it all over the range. They've got Hal as a bird dog -- and right now they're heading for the rest of it.
82) 5) dialog: It's close to the lake -- Hal's probably leading them on the slowest possible route down to it. (stiffly gets up) I can get there first -- all I have to do is make it along the north wall to the Bitker ladder --
82) 7) dialog: (aching) Something -- subtle.
82) 8) text: Gabe lurches towards the cave opening, looking more like Quasimodo than a champion climber. Maggie stops him.
82) 10) dialog: No way. You're climbing back down -- try to get to the station or find some help.
82) 12) dialog: (hard) And you're definitely not going --
82) 13) text: Maggie stares Gabe down. Guess who won all the arguments they were together. Gabe's face is a portrait of familiar exasperation.
82) 14) dialog: Okay. Come on --
82) 15) text: As they move out of the cave together, Gabe favors one fo
82) 16) dialog: -- but the second you slow me down, I'm leaving -- (slips on sore leg, Maggie catches him) -- I'm leaving you behind. Understood?
84) 17) dialog: (shakes his head) If I don't go first, I might not go at all.
84) 18) text: Gabe hooks his ankles over the wire and starts dragging himself, hand over hand, across the abyss -- no safety li this time. As his weight pulls the line taut, the wind ro him back and forth. Gabe steadily drags himself out --
84) 26) dialog: pulls faster -- and reaches the other side. Gabe maintain hand grip and swings his feet onto the ledge, leaning bac against the wall to catch his breath.
84) 27) dialog: (winded, shouting across) Think you can beat my time?
84) 29) dialog: watches her, grinning. Admiration for Maggie is washing a bad memories of Susan.
84) 30) dialog: (to himself) Shit -- she is in better shape.
84) 33) dialog: doesn't notice and shouts across at Maggie, now half way.
84) 34) dialog: (enjoying it now) Quit sandbagging it -- I haven't got all day --
84) 36) dialog: who is now twenty feet away -- fifteen -- ten -- five --
84) 39) dialog: drops low just as Maggie starts to fall and swings his ar towards hers in one lightning-fast motion --
84) 41) dialog: maintains his grip on Maggie's hand, but her weight nearl pulls him off the ledge -- Maggie drags him down, the win goes out of his chest when it collides with the ledge's bottom, but their grip holds. All of this in a split second. Maggie hangs from Gabe's a locked in terror -- but skill wins out over fear. She fin handhold with her free arm, and climbs up to the ledge wi Gabe's help. Maggie collapses into Gabe's arms and they f back against the wall, but Gabe's the one who's really ho on tight.
84) 42) dialog: That -- tears it. (gasping) You're not coming any further.
84) 44) dialog: (breath almost back) Maybe. But I'm not getting you killed. (she starts a reply) Look, Maggie. I don't know what'll happen when I catch up with Hal -- but I've got to know one thing for sure -- that you're making it off this mountain. Alive.
84) 45) text: Gabe's eyes are pleading. Maggie hesitates. But gives in.
84) 47) text: Gabe lightly kisses Maggie -- he doesn't want to turn thi into a farewell kiss, afraid that that's really what it m be. They stand -- and separate. Gabe moves away.
84) 48) dialog: Get on the trail and stay out of sight. (beat) I'll see you on the ground.
84) 49) text: Maggie wonders if she will as Gabe vanishes around a corn
86) 3) dialog: Hasn't gotten any lower in the last year. (coiling for jump) Bitker, you cheap bastard. Would another four feet have killed you?
86) 4) text: Gabe leaps up, grabbing the bottom rung instead of a half of air, and he shoots up the ladder as we PULL BACK --
86) 5) text: A closer look at terrain seen earlier -- fifty yards away the ladder, a waterfall is spewing out of the wall, givin appearance that the mountain has sprung a torrential leak As we track Gabe up the ladder, we can see where the wate coming from -- a whirling lake on top of the mountain. It constant motion keeps it from totally freezing, but the l is still coated with a veneer of ice, moving in thick chu through circular currents on the surface.
87) 0) text: are closer now -- but as they move down, Hal freezes in p as he sees the "Bitker" sign some distance ahead. The sig out of place. A signal from Gabe -- he is alive. And here Qualen and the others check the monitor. Hal takes the opportunity to back up to a rock formation and swiftly, s wedge something into a crack behind his back --
87) 28) dialog: who is on a rise behind a rock, watches Qualen's futile pursuit from a distance, amused. Amused, until --
87) 30) text: Gabe spins his head around -- and his temple smacks into Kristel's gun barrel.
87) 33) dialog: Good thing for Qualen you are.
87) 35) dialog: When he comes back, he's going to shoot you and the other guy, grab the money, and take off with Travers.
87) 37) dialog: (talking fast) He already blew up one of your pals in that crevice. And I've been in that copter. It goes a hell of a lot farther with two people than with four. (beat) Am I wrong? Give him a buzz.
87) 40) dialog: You've also got all the money. And I can show you how to get off the mountain with it. Right now.
91) 0) text: Gabe, hands on his head, moves down a slope near a mounta edge, ahead of Kristel, who's aiming her gun at his back.
91) 2) dialog: (stops) It's right over there.
91) 3) text: Gabe nods ahead, indicating what looks like a
91) 6) dialog: It's a storage locker for the rangers. Everything you need to get off the mountain is in there -- skiis, food -- I'll show you --
91) 7) text: Gabe shows a sudden burst of enthusiasm and starts quickl moving ahead again -- Kristel suspiciously notices this -
91) 9) text: Kristel gets ahead of Gabe and walks backward, keeping he trained on him as she crunches through the snow.
91) 11) dialog: We'd make better time walking straight ahead. Qualen's not going to be hopping down the bunny trail too much longer.
91) 13) dialog: (knowing this means him) Don't fuck up. You still need me to show you a route off the mountain.
91) 15) text: Kristel solidly plants her feet firmly to shoot Gabe, but feet sink through the crystallized snow cover -- -- Kristel completely disappears down through the snow as it collapses under her -- she's pulling the trigger and SHOT go wild as she sinks and sinks --
91) 19) dialog: bellies ahead, flat on his stomach, testing the snow with ice axe's staff -- only when he hits something solid with does he get back up to his feet. But the sound of ice-cru snow CRUNCHING above Gabe alerts him that --
91) 21) dialog: is on the run, but it's that lead-footed, slow motion stu that only happens in nightmares -- with every step, a foo breaks through the icy crust and sinks into two feet of snow -- Gabe stays just ahead of the barrage, making it i
91) 24) dialog: is whizzing down the slope in a sitting position, using h back and his shoes as gliders, the ice axe as a rudder. Alpinists call this a "sitting glissade". Colorado climbe call it "butt skiing". Some psychos do this for fun.
91) 27) dialog: who tries to steer away from the line of fire -- Gabe is in the shoulder -- he slides out of control, and rolls do -- to the slope's bottom. Gabe painfully lifts himself up moves through the woods, coming out of the trees to
95) 0) text: moves down to the slope's edge, noting with pleasure the in the snow. Gabe is wounded, and he's left a trail as a bonus. Qualen moves out lakeside -- nothing visible but the thic flat ice chunks circling in the currents. But Gabe's footprints and blood lead straight ahead to the bridge. Qualen starts to run across the bridge, but stares down -
95) 7) text: Qualen stops, staring down. Through the gaps, Gabe's park visible. Right where the blood trail ends.
95) 19) dialog: (winded) Not any more.
95) 20) text: Gabe, still prone, reaches out -- the chunk of ice with Qualen's machine gun is floating by. Gabe snatches up the and pulls the trigger. Nothing but an empty CLICK.
95) 22) text: The chunk of ice with Gabe's ice axe floats by Gabe -- Ga grabs for it, but misses -- as the ice raft spins around, Qualen manages to snatch it up -- Qualen scythes it down Gabe, slamming the blade into the ice as Gabe rolls away
95) 26) dialog: quickly reacts, jumping onto another bed-sized chunk of i floating by, landing on his stomach and braking himself b digging his crampons in -- just as --
95) 28) dialog: struggles to his feet and looks down, wincing --
95) 32) dialog: has no time to celebrate -- the chunk of ice he's on leav him moments from the same fate. One more time around, and it's down the drain. Gabe takes a deep breath. No choice. leaps --
95) 34) dialog: lands on an ice raft floating towards the bridge. No choi Gabe lunges off the ice raft and reaches for one of the b supports -- his hand catches -- but it's slippery and he' weakened -- Gabe slides off, but --
95) 38) dialog: Didn't care for the Smokey The Bear hats, either. That's why I quit. (pulls on parka) You all right?
95) 40) text: Gabe looks down at the parka -- it's completely full of bullet holes.
95) 41) dialog: Hardly seems worth zipping, huh? (serious now) Frank?
95) 47) dialog: May I? (dons it, keys it) They can't talk right now, Travers. Kristel's busy making snow angels -- and I'm not sure, but I think Qualen is still falling. (radio silence) Any messages?
95) 50) dialog: (keying it) Maggie --
95) 53) dialog: (pause) I've got the money. Fly to the lake. And if you touch her --
95) 57) dialog: I have no fucking idea. (holds Qualen's gun) Empty.
95) 59) text: Hal fishes into his pockets and pulls out one of the ammo clips he took from Delmer, Gabe tries to force it into th gun's stock -- but it's the wrong size.
95) 60) dialog: (sagging against rail) Why can't anything be easy?
95) 63) dialog: Stay over there --
95) 65) dialog: -- what, throw snowballs at him? Just -- whatever happens -- get Maggie out of here.
95) 67) dialog: (smiles) Thanks for asking. I forgot how much I enjoyed rescue work.
95) 68) text: Gabe limps toward the mountain's edge as Hal runs into th woods.
95) 73) dialog: (over radio) Remember that bet you made? About whether I could find the money for you or not? (holds pack over drop) You won.
95) 74) text: Travers helplessly flies in low, tight circles over Gabe the spur -- if he shoots Gabe, the money falls too, Trave presses his gun at Maggie.
95) 76) dialog: (over radio) You do, and the spring thaw's going to be worth thirty million bucks. (pause) No rush. I'm sure you've got lots of time.
95) 78) dialog: (into radio) When she's safe on the ground.
96) 2) text: Maggie moves out the door and stares uncertainly at Gabe.
96) 3) dialog: (shouting) Run! (she doesn't) Run!
96) 4) text: Maggie runs for the trees. When Gabe is sure she's safe, throws the gun away -- but keeps the pack suspended over edge.
96) 5) dialog: (into radio) Now come and get it. My arm's getting tired.
97) 0) text: Travers flies the copter up and over, until he and it are feet away from Gabe's position on the spur. Gabe is buffe by the copter's wind, but stands firm. Travers levels his at Gabe through the open passenger door as Gabe heaves th pack in. Travers doesn't even look down -- he just stares Gabe with hate as he prepares to shoot.
97) 1) dialog: (shouting) Don't you want to count it?
97) 5) dialog: rips open a perforated section of parka and yanks his bol gun from his waist -- Travers looks up and raises his gun at Gabe -- but Gabe f first -- the bolt imbeds itself high in Travers' chest. Gasping, Travers drops his gun -- it falls over the pack out the open door -- Travers clutches at his chest --
97) 6) dialog: Don't spend it all in one place, you son of a bitch.
97) 7) text: Travers falls back in his seat and loses control of the helicopter -- it spins around, and Gabe has to instantly flatten to avoid the tail when it swings at him -- Gabe l down as --
97) 9) dialog: stares down coldly, waiting for the crash -- but --
97) 12) dialog: eyes widening with realization. Gabe gets up from the spu starts running back towards the woods -- several hundred from safety -- before he can get very far --
97) 17) dialog: is stiff-legging it toward the edge of the mountain -- bu he's too banged up to run fast through the thick snow --
97) 19) dialog: as he throws himself flat into the snow -- the front of t skid misses Gabe by inches as it blasts over him --
97) 21) dialog: gets back up as the helicopter swings back behind him --
97) 24) dialog: lumbers as fast as he can towards the edge --
97) 34) dialog: as he runs toward the mountain's edge -- it's just a coup feet ahead, but the copter is a couple of feet behind -- -- as the copter overtakes Gabe, dipping even lower into snow, he dives off the edge --
97) 43) dialog: is shaken off by the massive impact -- he falls -- -- landing on the helicopter, half in and half out of the cockpit! As Gabe scrambles for a solid hold --
98) 0) text: -- Travers, who has been shaken to the opposite side of t copter, reaches into his jacket and pulls out the pistol took from Frank -- he aims at Gabe --
98) 4) dialog: grabs hold of the ladder as
98) 7) dialog: Cheer up. It's a beautiful spot to die.
98) 10) dialog: looks down at the burning wreck and clings to the ladder, closing his eyes for a moment in exhaustion. But the WHOP of another helicopter makes him look up --
98) 14) dialog: is drained -- from somewhere, he finds the strength to li his head up --
98) 16) dialog: leans back, gripping the ladder, too tired to move. Just thought of one more climb drains him.
98) 17) dialog: (mumbling) Forget it. No fucking way. I'm staying right here. I've spent the night on walls before -- some of the best nights of my life have been spent lashed to walls --
98) 18) text: Before Gabe can take this any farther -- a loop tied to t end of a rope falls to a stop next to him. Gabe looks up
98) 21) dialog: puts the loop around himself and tightens it by rote -- e this action aches.
98) 22) dialog: (too tired to shout) Fuck you --
98) 23) text: Hal and Maggie draw Gabe up -- Gabe pulls some of his wei by using hand and foot holds, but when he reaches
98) 26) text: Hal ends his harrangue and looks over -- Gabe has apparen revived, because he and Maggie are locked in the kiss of lives. Hal stands, and smiles -- he walks toward the Trea agents, who are scrambling out of the helicopter. Hal sta an explanation that's going to take a long, long time as
98) 29) text: Off Gabe's answering smile, we --