7) 28) text: We look over Travers' shoulder at the photos, which are a blurry, all blown up from different surveillance pictures and all of them show ERIC QUALEN.
15) 0) text: Qualen's jet is now flying parallel to, and slightly abov the Treasury jet. The door in Qualen's jet is open, and w our first good look at --
15) 19) dialog: (into radio) Travers -- hurry it up.
15) 30) dialog: (shouting over the wind) Why didn't you send the money over?
15) 32) text: Qualen smiles in reply. No. Maybe he wouldn't.
18) 21) text: She speaks for all of them -- especially a still-seething Qualen. Travers pulls out the tracer monitor for the case The tracer screen shows three distinct blips -- the trace have survived the fall.
20) 0) text: Kristel is on the radio, as Travers and Qualen hang back. Kristel's voice is panicked but she can't suppress a grin
22) 0) text: Kristel hangs up the radio and smiles, Travers and Qualen standing behind her. Qualen lightly applauds.
22) 1) dialog: Not bad. The insulin was a nice touch.
29) 4) dialog: (to others) Get ready.
29) 32) dialog: He doesn't have one. Just a wallet.
29) 33) text: Qualen tosses it to Travers, who glances through it.
29) 37) text: Travers motions to Ryan and Qualen, who shove Gabe and Ha forward in the cabin. Travers takes out the tracer monito
31) 24) dialog: I don't trust him.
31) 26) dialog: I'd rather he didn't show us. (beat) We don't need two guides.
31) 36) text: With the case, Gabe moves, back against the wall, on a le that skirts off the overhand -- from Travers and Qualen's point of view. Gabe can hardly be seen -- since the mount bulges out as it goes up. Gabe's got a slight edge of cov
31) 44) dialog: (shouting) Bring the money down, or we kill your friend!
31) 61) text: Travers turns and pins Hal against the wall with the gun, ready to kill him too. But he's stopped by Qualen.
31) 62) dialog: No. We need him to get the rest of the money. (he isn't backing down) If he dies we lose everything
40) 0) text: Hal is leading Qualen, Travers and the others upward -- t is a comparatively easy route, but still tiring. The sun down beyond a facing, taller mountain. Ryan is huffing an puffing -- the altitude and exertion are getting to him. allows himself a smile at his discomfort.
40) 2) text: Qualen pokes Hal with the gun -- he moves on ahead.
42) 0) text: This "expedition" reaches the top -- Hal is in the lead, Qualen just inches behind. Qualen shoves Hal forward.
42) 8) text: Qualen shines a light -- all of them push their way throu the trees.
42) 13) text: Travers shoves his way through the branches, and heads fo light -- but something's wrong -- Qualen comes up behind Travers and shines the light on
42) 16) text: Qualen, Kynette, Delmer and Krystel fan out into the wood each with a flashlight and a fun. Ryan, however, straps o nightfinder goggles and runs out without a flashlight.
42) 48) dialog: (to Kynette) Follow him!
43) 0) text: The expedition has holed up here for the night -- Travers Qualen look upset. Things aren't going as well as they'd hoped. Kristel tries to get some candy out of a vending machine that's obviously empty. Kynette saws at some camp with a distinctive knife -- the handle is a set of brass knuckles. Delmer guards Hal, who is bound, and seated by souvenir photo stand.
48) 0) text: Travers, Qualen and the rest of the expedition head out o shack, a little groggy. Odds are no one got much sleep. Travers shoves Hal toward a sketchy "YOU ARE HERE" map of mountain range, and hands him the tracer monitor.
48) 29) dialog: easily mows down Brett with his machine gun, riddling him at least thirty rounds at close range. Brett falls dead i the snow. Qualen walks up to Brett's corpse, blood steami the reddening snow, and kicks it over.
49) 0) text: runs into the woods -- Qualen and Kristel, hearing Hal's retreat, run after him.  But Travers stops for a second - has spotted
49) 27) dialog: Was that Walker?
66) 10) dialog: chooses this moment to show up at the opposite edge -- he fires and automatic BURST at Gabe and Maggie.
66) 33) dialog: is still at the edge of the crack -- stymied. He's defini not climbing down after them -- he pulls back from the ed
67) 0) text: Qualen whizzes across the wire on the harness, easily mak it to where Hal, Travers and Kristel are waiting.
67) 2) dialog: (disengaging) He's still alive.
67) 3) text: Travers takes a couple of heavy swings at the connecting with Hal's axe. Qualen grabs his arm before he can take a third swing -- and looks at his watch.
67) 4) dialog: For another two minutes.
68) 2) text: Travers stares daggers at Qualen. Qualen looks to his wat
68) 3) dialog: Patience.
71) 0) text: Qualen is staring at his watch, but pointing the others t the buttress.
71) 2) dialog: Try to get thirty million in entertainment out of this, because he is definitely in for thirty million worth of pain.
71) 3) text: Gabe's radio calls continue as Qualen extends his arm tow the buttress and starts a silent hand countdown, stage ma style -- five -- four -- three --
71) 10) dialog: Don't worry. They may still be alive. That was the small one.
73) 10) dialog: (looks to Hal) You might say a few words for your friends -- this is the one that will bury them.
73) 18) dialog: I'm not sure -- I set the timer --
73) 19) text: Qualen gestures helplessly, putting the radio in Hal's re Hal takes advantage of this, throws off Travers, and grab radio.
73) 31) dialog: When I was seventeen, I was a sentry on the East Berlin boundary. There was a problem, then -- too many defectors were managing to sneak through the wilderness to the west. A man would take them through, every night of every week -- a man like your friend. (beat) He had quite a sense of humor. Every time he got someone through, he'd radio us at midnight to let us know how many. "Five tonight." "Eight more have been freed tonight." No one could find the route. It made me look bad. (beat) I looked day and night and finally I found it. A tunnel. I didn't tell me superiors. I put a charge there, with a timer to trigger a radio receiver on the detonator. At midnight. Our friend made his radio report, and I heard him say "seven" before the explosion. (beat) They pulled eight bodies out of the tunnel, and I was promoted to intelligence the next day.
73) 32) text: Hal, stunned, looks at the radio, realizing Qualen tricke him into detonating the bomb. Travers, grinning, takes th radio from Hal and pats him on the back.
84) 2) dialog: (over radio) Not as far as we'd be with the helicopter.
84) 5) dialog: (keys radio) It looks like two miles, but --
84) 6) text: Qualen's foot slides out from under him -- he catches him
84) 7) dialog: -- it'll take some time.
84) 9) dialog: (keys radio) What about him?
84) 11) dialog: (keys radio) Agreed.
87) 0) text: are closer now -- but as they move down, Hal freezes in p as he sees the "Bitker" sign some distance ahead. The sig out of place. A signal from Gabe -- he is alive. And here Qualen and the others check the monitor. Hal takes the opportunity to back up to a rock formation and swiftly, s wedge something into a crack behind his back --
87) 2) dialog: checks the monitor -- the relative position shows they're
87) 3) dialog: Almost there.
87) 4) text: -- but Qualen's grin is wiped away as he looks down at --
87) 10) text: Delmer clicks off his safety and aims at Hal -- Qualen ru into the woods, guided by the monitor -- Kristel follows. Delmer backs Hal up at gunpoint. Hal deliberately moves i semi-circle, putting Delmer's back to the rocks.
87) 12) dialog: (over his shoulder) Kill him! Now!
87) 22) dialog: (tagging headset radio) Travers. Get down here. Now.
87) 25) dialog: No. Walker has.
87) 27) dialog: is running alone, following the monitor lead -- until he a band of $5000s in the snow. Sure he's on the right trac Qualen picks it up and picks up his pace too. But we can that behind him and higher up --
88) 0) text: is slogging uphill after his own tracer blip -- which is turning back around and heading towards him. Qualen aims gun and waits, but at the top of the hill --
91) 20) dialog: has just hit the top of the slope and spotted him -- Qual gun BLAZES down --
91) 23) dialog: arrives where Gabe was and looks down the slope --
91) 26) dialog: starts running down the slope -- he doesn't have speed, b does have the machine gun -- he FIRES short bursts at --
95) 0) text: moves down to the slope's edge, noting with pleasure the in the snow. Gabe is wounded, and he's left a trail as a bonus. Qualen moves out lakeside -- nothing visible but the thic flat ice chunks circling in the currents. But Gabe's footprints and blood lead straight ahead to the bridge. Qualen starts to run across the bridge, but stares down -
95) 2) dialog: Smiles and shakes his head. Too obvious. Gabe is hiding underneath the bridge, in the three foot deep network of supports. Qualen slows his pace, staring down through the thin, but visible cracks between the planks.
95) 4) dialog: You've come a long way to die.
95) 5) dialog: enjoying himself, slams a fresh clip into his machine gun
95) 6) dialog: If you were smart, you'd have left your friend behind. I would have. There's no shame in staying alive.
95) 7) text: Qualen stops, staring down. Through the gaps, Gabe's park visible. Right where the blood trail ends.
95) 8) dialog: (aims down) But you're not smart. And now you're going to die from an overdose of heroism.
95) 9) text: Qualen BLAZES the gun into the planks --
95) 11) dialog: stops firing and kicks away the planks, which are a tangl toothpicks at this point -- Qualen bends down -- -- and sees there's nothing in the parka except for Gabe' back. Qualen's face registers anger and surprise as -- -- appears at the edge of the hole -- before Qualen can reac Gabe swings up with his ice axe, hooking it around the shoulder strap of Qualen's machine gun -- Gabe yanks down and Qualen falls head first
95) 18) dialog: (wiping the gash) Stalemate, isn't it?
95) 20) text: Gabe, still prone, reaches out -- the chunk of ice with Qualen's machine gun is floating by. Gabe snatches up the and pulls the trigger. Nothing but an empty CLICK.
95) 21) dialog: Far more intimidating when it's loaded.
95) 22) text: The chunk of ice with Gabe's ice axe floats by Gabe -- Ga grabs for it, but misses -- as the ice raft spins around, Qualen manages to snatch it up -- Qualen scythes it down Gabe, slamming the blade into the ice as Gabe rolls away
95) 27) dialog: realizing what deep shit he's in, looks for another chunk ice to make the same move -- to sees one just out of reac Qualen pulls the ice axe out of the raft's center to drag other chunk closer in -- -- as he does, the entire raft disintegrates under him -- Qualen plunges into the water, tries to maintain a slippery grip on what ice is left -- -- but now at the center of the whirlpool, Qualen is draw into the vortex --