2) 44) text: The CAMERA PANS SLOWLY from face to face. There are nine men in the group (all will be identified later indi visually). At the moment, all look exhausted, dirty and somewhat disgusted. The men, with the exception of two, PASTERNACK and ANSELM, are in the same age range (about 25 to 30). Pasternack and Anselm are younger. SCHNUR BART is distinguished by a heavy beard. KRUGER by a tough weather beaten visage. DORN has the look of an intellectual. STEINER'S extreme gauntness is what catches the eyes. His face is expressionless. The others, MAAG, HOLLERBACH and KERN are nondescript, runofthemill faces. Meyer walks past the men in silence. They do not pay too much attention to him. Several are smoking cigarettes. Meyer looks toward the bunker. The CAMERA, following his gaze, MOVES TOWARD the bunker.
4) 3) dialog: (the youngest of the group) Well, Schnurrbart, you're so excessively masculine, it evens things up. The CAMERA PANS to Triebig. He seems to sense what the me are thinking. A bit disconcerted, he turns to Meyer.
7) 77) dialog: (With a nervous laugh) Sergeant -- could I go make a telephone call? A titter, totally Without mirth, runs through the men.
7) 86) dialog: (whispering) What's wrong? Steiner points his head leftward. Anselm follows his gaze
7) 89) dialog: Russkis! At least a hundred of them! Steiner is hesitant.
7) 91) dialog: Why don't we fire on them now?
8) 3) dialog: manning a machine gun. They are lying on the slope FIRING toward the trenches.
8) 4) dialog: We've mowing them down.
9) 0) text: There is the SOUND of faraway BURSTS of machine gun fire. Hollerbach and Kern are helping Anselm who is limping badly. Behind them are Dorn and Kruger. All look weary and begrimed.
10) 0) text: as they come IN. (to Anselm) You're a damn fool not to go to the Field Hospital --
10) 1) dialog: (sinking to the floor) I'll wait until the holiday rush is over. Otherwise, they're just as likely to amputate as not.
10) 4) dialog: I couldn't see anything. When something moved I fired at it. Probably got as many Germans as Russians.
10) 6) dialog: Please -- a little respect for a wounded man. Steiner comes IN. He has a bandage on top of his head.
12) 0) text: Kruger, Kern, Schnurrbart and Anselm are grouped around Steiner. A NEWCOMER stands off to the side a bit. Steiner is opening a beer bottle.
14) 0) text: Steiner, Schnurrbart, Kruger, Zoll, and Anselm are all present. They have packed all their belongings, ready to move out. Schnurrbart and Kruger are playing cards. Steiner is sitting quietly on his bunk. The others are moving about -- obviously beset by impatience. Why the hell aren't we moving out?
14) 8) dialog: Those idiots are crazy.
16) 1) dialog: Damn it. I hate to leave this place. We worked weeks fixing this place up -- this damn army.
16) 3) dialog: (looks at him) You don't know how grateful we are that you were sent to us. It's nice to have one brave man in the platoon.
16) 12) dialog: (strapping on ammuni- tion box) How are we going to cross the highway with the Russians on it?
17) 34) dialog: Don't be silly. They won't know where to send our pay. Ah -- For Steiner has dropped out of the tree.
17) 59) dialog: (rebelliously) Why me?
17) 61) dialog: You and Schnurrbart -- big shots! Lousy noncoms! You're all alike. Rank goes right to your heads. It stinks. The whole damned army stinks. And you, Kruger, stink worst of all! Kruger picks up a dry stick of wood which is only partial in the fire and tosses it at Anselm, who barely throws hi hand up in time. Then, with a cry of rage, he jumps acros the firs and onto Kruger's neck. The two men struggle on the ground.
17) 74) dialog: (feeling his throat) Doesn't anybody care that my neck is broken?
17) 88) dialog: Well, let's see -- there's strangu- lation, drowning, stoning --
17) 91) dialog: (after a moment) How about you, Zoll? You were a butcher in civilian life, weren't you? The joke falls flat, even with Anselm.
17) 98) dialog: I'll say this for Steiner. At least he's throwing up. All eyes are fixed o.s. After a few moments, Steiner comes back IN. His knife and scabbard are both gone.
20) 0) text: The entire long wall of the room is taken up by a heap of straw covered with blankets. Crowded together in the rear half of the room, faces half-defiant, half-terrified, are about a dozen and a half WOMEN in Russian uniforms. They carry no weapons. Most of them are big breasted, stocky women. Their full blouses, reaching down over their hips are gathered at the waist by broad belts. One or two are fairly young and attractive, and there is one exceed ingly pretty GIRL. At the women's feet, bedded down on the straw, lies a young WOMAN, the clothing stripped away from the upper part of her body, a blood-soaked bandage Covering her right breast. Her eyes are closed, she emits the weird MOAN. Anselm is guarding them. Steiner and the men stop in thei tracks as they see the women.
20) 1) dialog: (grinning broadly) I hope you put me in for the Iron Cross, Sergeant. I took them single-handed.
20) 13) dialog: (bewildered) What's the sense of fixing her up, if you're going to shoot her?
22) 2) dialog: What was what?
22) 6) dialog: It's Kern! He and Kruger RUN OFF. Then the others follow.
22) 9) dialog: Maybe a company of Russians has come up.
26) 2) dialog: Sergeant -- we were rummaging through the second wagon and look what we --
26) 4) dialog: A pretty goddamn good map. It's not only got their positions in front of Krimskaya -- it's got ours, too.
30) 37) text: Steiner, Anselm come RUNNING IN. Steiner side.
30) 39) dialog: (hysterically) Shoot him! Shoot him! Or it's the end of us! kneels at Kern's Steiner turns such a look of scorn upon Anselm that he subsides immediately, shame-faced.
30) 43) dialog: Why be hypocrites about it? It's better for Kern and it's better for us. We couldn't get through stops. Steiner the lines carrying him.
30) 45) dialog: What do we do now, bury him?