12) 5) dialog: (defiantly) Zoll.
12) 9) dialog: (very snappy) Second Platoon. Zoll speaking.
12) 11) dialog: (through the men's laughter) Yes, sir -- yes, sir -- (hangs up, turns to Steiner Captain Stransky wants to see you in his bunker.
12) 13) dialog: Right away.
14) 0) text: Steiner, Schnurrbart, Kruger, Zoll, and Anselm are all present. They have packed all their belongings, ready to move out. Schnurrbart and Kruger are playing cards. Steiner is sitting quietly on his bunk. The others are moving about -- obviously beset by impatience. Why the hell aren't we moving out?
14) 1) dialog: What's everybody so worried about? Moving a regiment is quite a job, let me tell you. It doesn't move all at once. The PHONE RINGS.
14) 2) dialog: Ah -- that's probably our orders now. AS Steiner goes to the phone, everybody makes for their packs, ready to leave at the word.
14) 11) dialog: (nodding) Much easier to launch an offensive from there.
16) 2) dialog: The trouble with you is -- you're scared stiff.
16) 14) dialog: (slinging his tommy gun over his shoulder) We're eight self-reliant, resource- ful Germans. We'll make it.
16) 25) dialog: (whispering) Russians. (nervously) A whole army. With quivering fingers he unthinkingly reaches for his cigarettes and thrusts one between his lips. As he strike a match, Steiner suddenly APPEARS in front of him. There is a sharp SLAPPING SOUND, followed by a RAIN of SPARKS from the crushed cigarette. Kern utters a whimpering sound and presses both hands against his mouth.
16) 30) dialog: He shouldn't have hit you.
16) 46) dialog: Sergeant -- Steiner turns to regard him.
16) 47) dialog: They listen. The Before we start, there's a matter I'd like to bring up. The matter of your treatment of a comrade, Private Kern. Steiner looks at him closely.
16) 48) dialog: One soldier of the Fuhrer is just as -- good as -- He wilts under Steiner's gaze, stops.
16) 50) dialog: (weakening) Anyway -- I believe I speak for all the others -- Steiner looks at the others. (to Zoll) Why don't you mind your own lousy business! It was idiotic of me to light that cigarette. Now, let's go. Steiner looks at Zoll, then, without a word, turns and starts walking. The others follow.
17) 24) dialog: (a grunt) Leave me alone.
17) 27) dialog: (hoarsely) Keep your dirty paws off me. If you touch me again. Steiner looks into Zoll's rabid face with a sort of curiosity.
17) 63) dialog: What's going on here? Zoll, assisted by Kern, tries to separate the two men who are locked together on the ground. Watch out -- somebody's going to get burned in the fire! Suddenly, Steiner's voice is heard.
17) 71) dialog: A bridge! A bridge that crosses the swamp, you mean?
17) 92) dialog: (after a moment) If everybody's scared, I might have a try at it.
17) 108) dialog: (weak smile) Just a game --
17) 110) dialog: (apologetically When we were kids -- a came -- we'd race through the woods. No one was allowed to step on a spot of sunlight --
17) 112) dialog: I only thought -- silly idea -- if I don't step on a spot of sunlight now I'd come through this all right. He smiles an abject, apologetic smile. Steiner's face is expressionless. He turns to the men, motions them to the ground. Zoll is the last to obey.
17) 121) dialog: (hopefully) Maybe there's nobody in the house.
17) 123) dialog: Well, it can't be too large a force. Enough to give us a hero's death.
20) 8) dialog: Steiner is right. The women must be killed.
20) 25) dialog: (as they walk off) When do I get to eat?
20) 50) dialog: as he turns from the window. He sees the old man and the young girl whispering.
20) 51) text: Shut up, you two! The old man and young girl draw slightly apart. The girl looks at Zoll and her expression is frightened.
20) 52) dialog: as he looks her figure. He looks at away, walks not to look 156. MED. The old man resumed his at the girl. His eyes glide searchingly over It is very evident what he is thinking. her quite a while, then, with an effort, turns to the door, stands with his back to it, tries at the girl.
20) 54) dialog: I told you to be quiet, didn't He lifts his foot and, kicking his boot against the old man's shoulder, sends him sprawling on his back. The old man looks up at him, then, as if resigned, turns over on his side. Zoll looks at the girl. It is some time before he takes his gaze away. Then, he walks to the window, looks out again. In the b.g., we SEE the men grouped around the fire, evidently eating. After a moment, Zoll turns away from the window. The CAMERA is CLOSE on his FACE and we SEE him gape and stand rooted to the spot. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to take in Zoll and the young girl. Her head is bowed and she is fingering her blouse. The top button is already open. She doesn't look at Zoll and she slowly unfastens the second button. Zoll gulps, then looks at the old man who is lying on his side, eyes close Zoll's eyes take in the rest of the room, the CAMERA PAN with his gaze. Most of the women seem to be asleep, or ar sitting with heads drooping, staring at the floor. Then, the CAMERA comes to rest on the young girl again. She is looking steadily toward Zoll who watches her in fascinati She unfastens another button. Then she closes one eye in a slow wink and smiles at Zoll.
20) 55) dialog: He holds his breath. He is perspiring slightly.
20) 56) dialog: The door to the hall is in the b.g. The girl has now unbuttoned the last button and is looking smilingly at Zoll, who stands hesitant. 'But now, the tread of heavy BOOTS is HEARD in the hall. Zoll hurriedly jumps to the wall and comes to an attitude of strict attention. The door opens and Schnurrbart APPEARS.
20) 57) text: Everything all right? Zoll manages to nod indifferently. Out of the corner of his eye he looks toward the girl. She is holding her blouse closed and staring vacantly at the floor.
20) 59) dialog: (curtly) They seem to be. He is anxious for Schnurrbart to leave, but Schnurrbart takes his time. He comes all the way into the room, his eyes on the prisoners.
20) 60) dialog: (impatiently) What do you want? Everything is all right.
20) 62) dialog: Why is it so funny? Schnurrbart shrugs, goes OUT. Zoll kicks the door shut quickly turns to look at the girl.
20) 64) dialog: He digs his teeth into his lower lip. He stands as if nailed to the spot. His eyes sweep over the heads of the other prisoners. pause upon the face of the man. Although the old man is lying with closed eyes, Zoll look at him suspiciously. But then he looks toward the girl again --
20) 66) dialog: (softly) Come. Come with me. She hesitates and glances at the old man for the briefest moment. His eyes are still closed, his back is to them.
20) 67) dialog: (hoarsely, with another gesture) I said--come. The coquettish smile on the girl's face has vanished. The is fear in her eyes. She doesn't move. He takes one long stride to her, grasps her shoulders tightly, pulls her to her feet. He throws another glance at the old man who doesn't stir. Abruptly, Zoll pulls the resisting girl by the waist to the door. He throws open the door, pulls the girl into the hall.
21) 0) text: as the door is flung open and Zoll, dragging the girl, COMES IN. The room is sparsely furnished, its chief feature being a huge wardrobe closet against the one wall As Zoll lays his tommy gun down in a corner, the girl suddenly breaks loose and runs toward the door. In two bounds, Zoll is at her side. He throws her to the ground, falls on her, panting with exertion and excitement. She tries to defend herself, her clenched hands battle agains his face and she begins to scream. Zoll, who has ripped her blouse off her shoulders, drags one of the blankets over her face, smothers her screams.
24) 0) text: who is fastening the buckle on his belt, whirls around as the door flies open. The girl lies on the floor naked and whimpering. Zoll stares incredulously at Steiner in the doorway. For a few seconds they merely stare at each other. Then Steiner comes slowly into the room and slowly approa Zoll until he is right in front of him. The WHIMPERING of the girl STOPS.
24) 2) dialog: (incredulously) You're not going to shoot me?
24) 4) dialog: But Steiner, he was asleep -- I swear it -- he was asleep. Steiner hesitates, then his eyes fall on something.
24) 6) dialog: 
24) 9) dialog: Not until you tell me why you want me to open it.
28) 1) dialog: Steiner -- ! Steiner -- Kruger -- ! Schnurrbart! I'm in here -- ! There isn't a sound, and Zoll's fear grows.
28) 2) dialog: (yelling) Steiner -- do you hear me! Let me out! Schnurrbart -- it's Zoll, I'm in here -- ! His shouting has become frantic. He pounds on the door. He crooks his body and beats his heels against the bottom of the wardrobe. He digs his hands into the crack of the door and pulls until his fingers are bleeding. At last, he lies still, punting for air. Then, his expression freezes. There is the SOUND of softly advancing FOOTSTEPS The wardrobe begins to move. Twice, Zoll is jolted agains the wood -- and suddenly there is DAYLIGHT.
29) 1) dialog: Stunned, he pulls himself up to a half-sitting position and blinks in speechless terror at the crowd of mocking faces that are bending over him, at rows of breasts bulging out of dirty underwear. Suddenly, dozens of hands reach into the wardrobe, grip his hair, his clothe his limbs, pull him up and hurl him to the floor of the room. As he starts to defend himself, his arms and legs are pinioned, his clothes torn off, and a rain of mercile blows beat down upon him. Russian CURSES fill the air.