10) 31) dialog: Mr. Sportello?
10) 33) dialog: I got your number at the head shop in Gordita Beach. It's about my husband. He used to be a close friend of your friend -- Shasta Fay Hepworth?
10) 35) dialog: Hope Harlingen.
10) 37) dialog: Dead.
11) 0) text: Inside this nice, little house, DOC sits at the breakfast table with a sweet faced young woman: HOPE HARLINGEN (20s). (NOTE: Still need a ref. to her false teeth/calcium/heroin. ) 25.
11) 1) dialog: Inside the surf-sax category Coy passed for a towering figure, because he actually improvised once in a while instead of how second and third choruses get repeated note for note?
11) 3) dialog: It was never his work I was in love with. Coy and I should have met cute but actually we met squalid, down at Oscar's in San Ysidro --
11) 5) dialog: I had just gone running into a toilet stall without checking first, had my finger already down my throat, to throw up the balloon of dope I'd just scored in Mexico and there Coy sat, gringo digestion, about to take a giant shit. We both let go about the same time, barf and shit all over the place, me with my face in his lap and to complicate things, he had this hard-on... Next thing we knew here came Amethyst, and pretty soon this is what we had her looking like... She hands him SOME OLD POLAROID PICTURES.
11) 8) dialog: Everybody we knew helpfully pointed out how heroin was coming through in my breast milk, but who could afford to buy formula? It's a long way from my job now. I'ma drug counselor -- talking kids into sensible drug use... Doc looks very confused for a moment. (What's that?)
11) 12) dialog: You're staring at my teeth?
11) 14) dialog: Heroin sucks the calcium out of your system like a vampire, use it at any length of time and your teeth go all to hell. And that's the good part.
11) 16) dialog: Whatever he took that killed him, wasn't California smack, for sure.
11) 18) dialog: El Drano in Venice.
11) 20) dialog: Known him for years -- what does a dealer care? Overdoses are good for business --
11) 22) dialog: You got it. Mr. Sportello, I don't think Coy is really dead.
11) 24) dialog: No. Whoever called me said somebody from his band did that.
11) 26) dialog: And this... this deposit showed up close to his disappearance. 27. She brings out a BANK STATEMENT book and shows it to him, points to a CREDIT. Doc raises his eyebrows at the amount.
11) 28) dialog: He had no insurance policies that I knew about... Why would this big deposit suddenly appear in our account and be anonymous?
11) 32) dialog: Sure.
11) 36) dialog: She picked us up hitchhiking... I think Coy and her somehow stayed in touch... but I don't know for sure...