7) 1) text: But "catch" doesn't work too well without Victor and the ball rolls through a broken plank in the bottom of Mr Burgemeister's fence. Assuming it is lost forever, Sparky sits dejectedly looking at the fence until he is startled to see the ball suddenly roll back towards him. He BARKS and goes to investigate. Another dog BARKS BACK. Surprised, Sparky backs off.   There's not usually a dog next door. He BARKS. An ANSWERING BARK. He SNIFFS the fence thoroughly. As he reaches the broken plank, his nose touches ANOTHER DOG'S NOSE. He jumps back. Lies low in the grass to peer through. On the other side of the fence is a similarly-sized poodle named PERSEPHONE -- Elsa's dog. She's beautiful. She drops the ball on the grass, staring back. Sparky suddenly rolls over on his back, completely submissive. Persephone grabs the ball and runs away. Sparky pops up, looking after her.
44) 0) text: Sparky chases the cat through the tulips, smashing them. Mr Whiskers bounds on top of one of Mr. Burgemeister's flamingos and thinks he is safely out of Sparky's reach. He smugly starts to groom himself, but the single standing leg starts to buckle. The flamingo collapses into a heap, spilling the cat onto the perfectly manicured flowers, destroying everything. The cat and Sparky run past the house and into the neighbor's backyard just as Mr Burgemeister looks out the window to see his destroyed garden.
66) 0) text: Mom and Dad arrive at the meeting as Mr Burgemeister starts to speak at the podium.
94) 2) dialog: Isn't she adorable. Motioning with his hands, Burgemeister signals for bigger applause but a big clap of THUNDER gets everyone's attention - And then lightning strikes.
109) 0) text: Burgemeister can hear the pandemonium escalating but, feeling safe for the moment, sits on the toilet and breathes a sigh of relief. Strangely he feels something sharp poke him in the butt. When he jumps up he sees a host of sea monkeys, jumping out of the toilet! The door to the porta-potty bursts open and Mr Burgemeister is trampled, as the sea monkeys head towards the center of town.