6) 0) text: MR. RZYKRUSKI stands at the blackboard, where he's written his name. He has a thick, impossible-to-place accent, somewhere between a Russian spy and Dracula.
6) 1) dialog: Good morning children. I am Mr. Rzykruski. I will be your new science teacher. Apparently, Mr. Holcum had an incident. Edgar interjects:
6) 3) dialog: Well. That is bad. But he did not get "hit by" lightning. Lightning does not hit a person, the way one is hit by a baseball or a cabbage. On the blackboard, he draws a diagram to illustrate his point, starting with a big cloud.
6) 4) dialog: Lightning is simply electricity. The cloud is angry, yes, making storm. All the electrons are saying, "I am leaving you. I go to land of opportunity." He draws the ground beneath it.
6) 5) dialog: The ground says, "Yes, we need electrons trained in science just like you. Come! Come! Welcome!" So both sides start to build a ladder. (drawing stick figure) This man, he comes out to look at the storm. He does not see the invisible ladders. When the two ladders meet, BOOM! The circuit is complete and all of the electrons rush to the land of opportunity. This man is in the way. Yiii! Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2     8 He draws "shock lines" all around the stick figure.   It' pretty violent. All of the students are watching in wide-eyed wonder. Realizing that he may have gone overboard...
6) 6) dialog: But is very rare to have such incident. Victor raises his hand.
8) 1) dialog: Students on your way out, take a permission slip for the Science Fair. Nassor takes a form.   Reads it. They are intrigued but don't understand.
14) 3) dialog: I want you to concentrate on your project for the science fair. We continue to pan past Mr Ryzkruski and come back onto Victor trying in vain to keep focused on the game. Toshiaki winds up for the pitch.
16) 0) text: Mr. Rzykruski stands in front of the classroom black board.
16) 1) dialog: When conducting an experiment, trying is the important thing. It is OK to fail as long as you keep trying.
24) 1) dialog: Just like lightning, the nervous system is electricity.
24) 3) dialog: We are wires and springs and cables to send the messages. "Foot! Move! You are standing in the fire!" Mr. Ryzkruski lifts up a plate with a cloth on. He reveals a dead frog.
24) 5) dialog: Even after death, the wiring remains. Watch as the muscles respond to the electricity. Mr Ryzkruski places the frog onto his desk and begins to hook an electrode to its leg. The wiring is attached to a small box that can generate an electric charge. Mr Ryzkruski now attaches the electrode to the frog's leg and, with a flip of a switch, turns on the electricity - The frog leg jumps up as if alive! And so does Victor. He looks back and forth between Mr. Ryzkruski's demonstration and his doodle of Sparky. An idea. Victor bursts out of the school doors and starts to run home.
66) 11) dialog: Ladies, Gentlemen. I think the confusion here is that you are all very ignorant. A sea of stony faces.
66) 12) dialog: Is this right word, "ignorant?"    I mean simple. Primitive. Unenlightened. Not winning them over.
66) 13) dialog: You do not understand science, so you are afraid of it. Like a dog is afraid of thunder, or balloons. To you, science is magic and witchcraft because you have such small minds.
66) 15) dialog: I cannot make your heads bigger, but your children's heads -- I can take them and crack them open. This is what I try to do. To get at their brains.
66) 17) dialog: Thank you. Mr Rzykruski leaves the stage.
69) 0) text: Mr Rzykruski walks out of the school doors carrying a cardboard box full of all his school things.
70) 0) text: The Gym Teacher, who is serving as substitute teacher scrubs the board clear of Mr Rzykruski's name.
71) 0) text: Mr. Rzykruski is packing his strange little car with all his things from the classroom. Victor races up to him in the car park.
71) 2) dialog: Back home, everyone is scientist. Even my plumber wins Nobel Prize. Your country does not make enough scientists. Always needs more. You should be a scientist, Victor.
71) 4) dialog: They like what science gives them, but not the questions, no, not the questions that science asks.
71) 6) dialog: That is why you are scientist. Victor smiles, a little.
71) 8) dialog: Then maybe you never really understood it the first time. Victor is puzzled, but intrigued.
71) 9) dialog: People think science is here... (points to his head) ...but it is also here.
71) 11) dialog: (points to his heart). The first time, did you love your experiment?
72) 2) dialog: And the second time?
74) 1) dialog: Then you changed the variables.
74) 3) dialog: Science is not good or bad, Victor. But it can be used both ways. That is why you must always be careful. With that, he offers his hand.   They shake. Victor watches as Mr. Rzykruski drives off. Bob and Toshiaki are still fuming about the science fair. Nassor is preparing for Baseball practice.