0) 0) text: Victor's MOM and DAD share the couch with SPARKY THE DOG, 30-odd pounds of canine goodness. They're watching the homemade movie through vintage 3D glasses. Behind them run two projectors, manned by the filmmaker himself, VICTOR. He's more mad scientist than film auteur -- he built this twin projector system himself.
0) 21) dialog: I can fix this. C'mon boy!
1) 0) text: Victor lugs the two projector upstairs.   Sparky follows behind.
2) 0) text: Victor walks up the stairs into the attic.     Sparky is right behind.
3) 0) text: MAIN   TITLES begin, as Victor carries the projector up into   his attic workshop. Sparky follows at his feet and they   pass various inventions and movie set pieces that cram   every corner of this sloped-roof wonderland. Victor disassembles the projectors, nimbly swapping pieces in and out. Sparky happily trots on a little treadmill Victor designed. He stops to scratch himself and slides out of frame. He bounds back a second later and tries to get Victor to play with him by licking his face. Victor
3) 1) text: Easy boy. Victor finishes his tinkering and splices the broken film. Satisfied, he snaps the reel back on the projector and starts to roll it again. On the reel of the projector we -
5) 4) dialog: Come on Sparky! Victor takes Sparky around to the side of the house. He throws a ball for Sparky which lands on the edge of his neighbours meticulous garden lawn.
5) 5) dialog: Good morning, Mr. Burgemeister! Next-door neighbor BURGEMEISTER is trimming his box hedge. The Mayor of New Holland, Burgemeister is slightly OCD and largely insufferable.
5) 7) dialog: I'll keep an eye on him.
5) 9) dialog: Yes sir. Victor continues to walk to the backyard.
5) 10) dialog: Go on Sparky. That's right. Good boy. Sparky trots after Victor.   Victor puts him in the back yard and waves good bye.
5) 11) dialog: See you later! Burgemeister picks up his own newspaper and unfolds it to read the front page. INSERT NEWSPAPER: The headline reads "MAYOR BURGERMEISTER TO KICK OFF DUTCH DAYS." A photo shows Mayor Burgemeister complete with sash and hat. Burgemeister is pleased with the photo. WIDER: A girl Victor's age tries to sneak out of the house behind Burgemeister. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   6
7) 0) text: Sparky amusing himself while Victor is at school by playing with a tennis ball. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   9
7) 1) text: But "catch" doesn't work too well without Victor and the ball rolls through a broken plank in the bottom of Mr Burgemeister's fence. Assuming it is lost forever, Sparky sits dejectedly looking at the fence until he is startled to see the ball suddenly roll back towards him. He BARKS and goes to investigate. Another dog BARKS BACK. Surprised, Sparky backs off.   There's not usually a dog next door. He BARKS. An ANSWERING BARK. He SNIFFS the fence thoroughly. As he reaches the broken plank, his nose touches ANOTHER DOG'S NOSE. He jumps back. Lies low in the grass to peer through. On the other side of the fence is a similarly-sized poodle named PERSEPHONE -- Elsa's dog. She's beautiful. She drops the ball on the grass, staring back. Sparky suddenly rolls over on his back, completely submissive. Persephone grabs the ball and runs away. Sparky pops up, looking after her.
9) 0) text: CLOSE ON Victor, kneeling as he locks his bike to the rack. A SHADOW falls across him. He looks up to see WEIRD GIRL standing over him. She has a fluffy white CAT in her arms, which she strokes idly like a James Bond villain.
9) 2) dialog: Hi.
9) 4) dialog: How do you know?
9) 6) dialog: Did you get that out of the litter box?
11) 2) dialog: You can keep it. The class bell RINGS.     Side-stepping around her, Victo heads in to class. She holds the cat to her face.
12) 0) text: Victor hops off his bike and goes into the backyard where Sparky has been waiting for him to come home.
12) 1) dialog: Hey boy. How you doing? Suddenly the backyard gate bursts open.
12) 5) dialog: It says no death rays.    See?
12) 7) dialog: I'm sorry Edgar. I just don't need a partner. I like to work alone.
13) 1) dialog: Will you sign my permission slip?
13) 4) dialog: You're a travel agent.
13) 6) dialog: Will you sign my form?
13) 8) dialog: Okay. Dad picks up two long fondue forks, using them to illustrate his point.
13) 11) dialog: Nobody gets what they want.
14) 0) text: Victor is stood on the side of the baseball field with his Dad who is head coach. Sparky is there aswell to support Victor. Toshiaki is pitching. Nassor is catching. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2     14
15) 0) text: Victor's Mom is in the stands for the big game -- along with all the kids we've met so far, and many of the adults. Sparky is completely taken by the ball and his eyes follow it around the field.
15) 5) dialog: Sorry boy. He walks back onto the field. Elsa arrives at the bleachers with Persephone. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   15
18) 0) text: The ball rolls into the street and Sparky manages to grab it in his mouth. Proud of himself, Sparky turns to look back at Victor. Just then...
19) 0) text: Every player, every kid, every parent is stunned. Horrified. We end CLOSE ON Victor.
19) 1) dialog: Sparky! Noooooo!
20) 0) text: Dad buries a wooden box. Victor watches at the grave side, devastated. His Mom and Dad give him a quiet moment to grieve.
22) 0) text: Victor lies in bed, staring up at the ceiling. Mom and Dad sit on the edge of the bed, trying to comfort him. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2    17
22) 4) dialog: I don't want him in my heart.    I want him here, with me.
23) 0) text: In his attic workshop, Victor is finishing work on his projector. He threads the film and starts it playing. Sparky-saurus is attacking the Pterodactyl. Victor smiles for a moment, then the sadness returns.
24) 0) text: Back at school Victor is despondent. Unable to concentrate, he doodles pictures of Sparky in his notebook and barely listens to the lecture.
25) 0) text: Victor runs through the street on his way home.
27) 0) text: Victor raids the kitchen for some household appliances. Mom sits on the couch reading and only barely registers what he is up to.
27) 2) dialog: Ok. Victor heads upstairs with a box of the appliances he has just collected.
28) 0) text: A full moon.    HOOTING owls. Over the top of the fence, we see a shovel blade moving past. The shovel digs into the soft earth.   Again.   And again Victor is digging up Sparky's grave. It's tough work, especially because he's trying to be quiet. A black cat perches on a nearby gravestone.     SCREECHES Spooked, Victor waves him off. He's uncovered the box. He opens it and gingerly loads the wrapped bundle into shoulder.
29) 0) text: Victor's parents are sitting on the couch watching a movie. Though the movie isn't really scary, Mom looks for any excuse to snuggle closer to her husband. He playfully encourages it and puts his arm around her to pull her closer. As Victor sneaks behind them, carrying the wrapped corpse, he inadvertently knocks into a lamp causing it to flicker. Dad turns and sees what's back there but can't see Victor who is hiding, frozen, just out of sight. Dad turns back to the TV. Relieved, Victor tiptoes past them, heading for the stairs.
30) 0) text: EXTREMELY CLOSE ON the eye of a needle.   Thread pushes through. Victor is making repairs to Sparky's corpse. We don't see any of it directly, just shadows on the wall. He rummages through a bucket of nuts and screws, picking two oversized bolts. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2     20 He places Sparky onto Mom's ironing board and pushes it directly under the skylight. The storm is just reaching a fever pitch. As HOPEFUL MUSIC rises, Victor climbs a ladder out the window where we see that he has attached his metal swing set to the roof. Victor checks the wind direction and lets fly two balloons attached to the umbrella and fastens the ends to the swing set. This will serve as the conductor.
31) 0) text: Burgemeister is drawing his drapes shut when he sees the movement on the Frankenstein roof. He can't make out Victor, but it's enough to make him suspicious.
32) 0) text: Victor climbs down and checks his notes and his equipment. We see a whole host of household items that Victor has re purposed to become part of his elaborate apparatus. - A series of Mom's colanders and pans and appliances, - an old fish tank, - some bobbing Christmas reindeer all serve as unlikely components of his grand experiment. He has also erected a series of pulleys so that he can hoist Sparky up through the sky light. Victor can hear the storm raging and knows that it is now or never. He pets Sparky's lifeless form one last time for courage. He turns to an old Schwinn bicycle mounted on a stand and starts the wheels spinning. One by one the appliances start to whir and come alive. Victor then begins to hoist Sparky up through the sky light. The rain is beating down and the lightning is getting more intense. The metal table finally reaches his resting spot under the swing set. Now all he can do is wait. He watches the storm intently, silently urging Zeus' thunderbolts to strike. And then... Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2      21
32) 2) dialog: I'm sorry, boy. A beat. As a single tear drips onto Sparky's lifeless form, we hear a final spark and then... His TAIL starts to move and   - His TONGUE licks Victor face. Victor sits up, bewildered.   It's Sparky, still half- wrapped in the blanket.
32) 3) dialog: You're alive! You're alive! Sparky! You're Alive! I can't believe it you're alive! Sparky can't control how happy he is and knocks Victor to the group. He enthusiastically licks his face and wags his tail so excitedly that it flies clear across the room. For a moment, he looks worried but Victor just laughs.
32) 4) dialog: I can fix that. Victor and Sparky play on the attic floor excited to be back together.
32) 5) dialog: It worked. It really worked. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2    22
33) 0) text: Victor is sleeping on the floor, sharing a blanket with Sparky.
34) 0) text: Victor's Mom opens the door to find Victor's bed empty. Pretty sure where he must be...
35) 0) text: Sparky licks Victor's face waking him up. He sits up, rubbing his eyes.
36) 0) text: Victor hears his Mom climbing the steps and panics.
36) 1) dialog: Ssssh! Quiet down boy! Ssssh!
36) 3) dialog: Sparky! Sssh! Quiet. Mom enters but can't see Victor and Sparky behind the curtain.
36) 6) dialog: Waffles.
36) 8) dialog: It's my science project.   It's a robot.
36) 10) dialog: Yes.
36) 12) dialog: Yes.
36) 14) dialog: Sorry, boy, but I can't let anyone know about you. They may not understand. So you need to stay here today. Victor kisses Sparky and heads out of the attic. Sparky rests his head on his paws, dejected. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2    24
37) 0) text: Victor walks down the sidewalk to school. He looks up at the open attic window, nervous to be leaving Sparky alone.
37) 2) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. Burgemeister glares at him suspiciously. He doesn't trust this kid and suspects that something weird is going on.
48) 0) text: Victor cycles home after school. He throws his bike on the lawn and heads straight inside.
49) 2) dialog: GoodGottaGo. He's heads up the stairs just as Sparky walks through the front door, following a few steps behind.
50) 0) text: Victor enters the attic, looking for...
50) 1) dialog: Sparky? Hearing no answer, he walks in further.    He checks behi the curtain.
50) 2) dialog: Sparky? Slight panic creeps into Victor's voice before Sparky sneaks in behind him and nudges his leg.
50) 3) dialog: There you are. Good boy! Relieved, Victor kneels down and pets him lovingly.
50) 4) dialog: Sorry you had to stay here alone all day. Sparky just keeps panting, not revealing a thing. He starts to slow down coming to a rest at Victor feet.
50) 5) dialog: What's the matter boy? Are you ok? Hmmm. You're a little low. Are you hungry, boy? Sparky sighs.
50) 6) dialog: Alright, here lets top you up. Victor runs an extension cord from the wall and clips them to Sparky's bolts. As he switches the plug on, Sparky's eyes glow a bit. Sparky brightens up and barks.
50) 10) dialog: Edgar?
50) 12) dialog: Edgar. What are you doing here?
50) 14) dialog: What?
50) 16) dialog: Know what?
50) 18) dialog: No.
50) 20) dialog: Look, I don't know what you think I know, but I don't know it. Mom exits the kitchen and Edgar leans in, barely able to hide his excitement.
50) 22) dialog: That's impossible.
50) 25) dialog: Ssssh! Mom comes back into the kitchen.
50) 28) dialog: Alright. Come on. Victor reluctantly agrees and beckons Edgar to follow him up to the attic.
51) 0) text: Sparky and E watch as Victor draws his findings on the chalkboard for E. It's a mess of symbols and variables, all connected by arrows.
51) 1) dialog: I think the wind and the lightning are part of the same thing, some kind of strange force. But the wind isn't strong enough to bring an animal back from the dead. For that, you need lightning.
51) 3) dialog: You can't. This isn't an experiment. It's my dog.
53) 0) text: E plops the dead fish into a small jar of water, already attached to electrodes and the metal table. Victor and E crank the gears, opening the roof to the stormy night sky. The table rises into position as the lightning rod telescopes out.
53) 4) dialog: I don't know.    It should have worked. Victor leans in to look close.    Suddenly, the water ripples. A PLOP. Then the jar RATTLES AROUND on its rim, knocked about from within. Victor finds a steampunk-ish flashlight with different lenses that spin in front of the bulb. As he holds it close to the jar, we see what appears to be a transperant fish skeleton swimming around. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2    32
53) 5) dialog: (in wonderment) It's invisible. It's an invisible goldfish.
53) 7) dialog: I have no idea. Sparky growls at the jar.
54) 1) dialog: You can't tell anyone. You understand that, right? Not until we figure out how it works.
54) 3) dialog: Promise.
57) 0) text: Sparky is desperate to play with Victor in the attic. Victor tries to quieten him down.
57) 1) dialog: Ok, ok, sit still. Ssssh! Sparky. No! Sssh. No! Sssh. Victor ties up Sparky.
57) 2) dialog: Sorry, boy. But we can't risk anyone seeing you again. Victor starts to leave, he turns at the curtain as Sparky barks.
57) 3) dialog: Ssssh! Sparky lies down, head on his paws, sad and lonely.
59) 0) text: E runs as fast as he can with his jar outstretched in front of him, catching up to Victor. It's just the two of them.
59) 2) dialog: What is it?
59) 4) dialog: Maybe it just hopped out.   Did you have the lid on?
60) 0) text: Victor runs up the stairs.
61) 0) text: Victor runs through the attic. He pulls the curtain back his eyes go right to where he left Sparky tied up. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   37
61) 2) dialog: *Gasp* No!    Sparky! *Gasp* A BARK. Victor turns to find Sparky drinking out of his bowl. He scratches his ear and it falls off.
61) 3) dialog: Sparky! Victor rushes over to him. Sparky's not sure what all the drama is about but does seem slightly concerned with his lost ear.
61) 4) dialog: Oh! Don't worry. I can fix that too.
62) 0) text: Victor is in bed.    He reaches under the bed to pat Sparky's head...
62) 1) dialog: Good night, boy. ...then switches off the light.
68) 0) text: Meanwhile, Victor has Sparky outside in his backyard.
68) 1) dialog: Be quick, boy. They'll be home any minute. Sparky smells Persephone.    He sniffs along the fence.
68) 3) dialog: No no no no! Ssssh! He covers over Sparky's mouth. Elsa approaches the fence and stands on tippe toe so that she can just barely see over the top.
68) 6) dialog: Hi, Elsa.    What are you doing?
68) 8) dialog: It's nice.
68) 10) dialog: No.
68) 12) dialog: Yeah that was me.
68) 14) dialog: *Victor pretends to bark and howl* Elsa steps back from the fence.
68) 16) dialog: I got to go.   Bye.
70) 1) dialog: Where's Mr. Rzykruski?
70) 7) dialog: What about the science fair?
71) 0) text: Mr. Rzykruski is packing his strange little car with all his things from the classroom. Victor races up to him in the car park.
71) 1) dialog: I can't believe they let the gym teacher be the judge. She's not even interested in science. Mr. Rzykruski turns back to see his favorite student.
71) 3) dialog: Nobody likes scientists.
71) 5) dialog: Actually I have a question.
71) 7) dialog: I was doing my experiment, my project, and the first time it worked great. But the next time it didn't. I mean, it sort of worked, but then it didn't. And I don't know why.
72) 0) text: Victor, defeated, hangs his head in his hands. Suddenly, Sparky licks him. He's returned from the dead.
72) 1) dialog: Yes.
73) 0) text: Victor watches as the bolt of lightning charges the jar of water with the dead goldfish.
73) 1) dialog: No.    I just wanted it over.
74) 2) dialog: I was doing it for the wrong reason.
76) 0) text: VICTOR'S MOM goes up into the attic to find... Nothing out of the ordinary. She enters, taking a look around for her missing muffin tin. She walks over to Victor's chalk board and sees his diagrams for bringing Sparky back to life.
78) 3) dialog: Mom! Dad! What's going on? Sparky runs towards the window, desperate and frightened.
78) 4) dialog: Sparky! Nooooo! Sparky! Victor and his Dad run to catch Sparky but he shoots past them through the open window.
78) 5) dialog: Sparky! No! Sparky come back! Sparky! Victor tries to go after him but Dad holds him back.
78) 7) dialog: No I have to go and find Sparky.
78) 9) dialog: You said yourself: If you could bring back Sparky, you would.
78) 11) dialog: I just wanted my dog back. Tears well up in Victor's eyes. His anguish is palpable. Mom looks to Dad for a plan.
78) 13) dialog: Yes. Mom and Dad share a look.
80) 0) text: Victor looks in the backyard and shines his flashlight into the empty dog house.
80) 1) dialog: Sparky? Are you in there! Victor's parents head out the front door and Victor hurries past them on his bike.
80) 2) dialog: Mom! Dad! I'm going to check out the school and the park, you guys do the town square, ok?
81) 0) text: We see the shadows of all five of them slowly climb the attic stairs. E pulls the curtain back to reveal Victor's sanctum sanctorum. The apparatus glistens in the moonlight.
82) 0) text: Victor runs around the baseball field shining the flashlight under the bleachers and into the dug out.
82) 1) dialog: Sparky!    Where are you? Sparky! Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   51
84) 0) text: Back in town we see Victor's parents searching under the stage as the crowd starts to assemble for Dutch day.
105) 0) text: Victor stops his bike at the pet cemetery gates -
105) 1) dialog: Sparky? Sparky? Victor pushes open the gate. His flashlight casts long, scary shadows. He is drawn towards Sparky's grave and as his flashlight sweeps across the tombstone, he sees Sparky's frightened face peeking out from behind. Could it be...
105) 2) dialog: Sparky? Sparky peers around the edge of the tombstone and realizes that it's Victor and hangs his head in shame.
105) 3) dialog: Sparky! Sparky is nervous and confused but slowly rests his head in Victor's arms.
105) 4) dialog: Sparky it's OK boy, it's just me. I thought that you were gone. I never want to lose you. Promise you'll never go running off. Okay? Victor hold him tightly and Sparky licks him happily.
105) 5) dialog: Come on boy. Victor leads Sparky away through the cemetery when he sees the open grave of Shelley and the Colossus mausoleum door ajar.
105) 6) dialog: Was someone else here?
106) 0) text: Bob runs past the pet cemetery and hides behind a mail box to avoid the phalanx of sea monkeys who charge past like supernatural hooligans, craving mayhem and destructive mischief. Panting with relief, Bob turns to see Victor in the cemetery. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   58
106) 2) dialog: Did you see those things? They were like....
106) 4) dialog: Yeah.
106) 10) dialog: Ok let's go! Victor, Sparky and Bob rush off. Toshiaki starts to laugh and reveals his video recorder. He is secretly quite pleased with his science project.
110) 0) text: The gym teacher races past some destructed stalls being chased by a Wererat. She swiftly climbs up a pole were the Wererat can not follow her. The sea monkeys are everywhere. They even emerge from a man hole and chase Bob's Mom through the stalls. Victor's Mom and Dad try to battle off the approaching sea monkeys but there are too many of them. Mom grabs Dad by the arm and pulls him into a nearby phone booth. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   60
111) 2) dialog: Your sea monkeys, were they freshwater or saltwater? Bob knows this --
111) 4) dialog: Freshwater animals can't tolerate salt.
112) 0) text: Victor empties a sack of pop corn kernels into a pop corn machine in the pop corn tent. Bob adds the salt. Victor turns the machine on. The boys try and lure the sea monkeys into the tent by waving popcorn.
112) 1) dialog: Hey over here! The sea monkeys follow them and start to gorge themselves on the freshly made popcorn. Victor, Bob and Sparky zip up the tent and stand by the beer stall to see what happens. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   62
112) 2) text: The sea monkeys greedily consume the popcorn with feverish abandon and the boys watch in amazement as the tent stretches and grows. The canvas sides stretch and strain from the pressure. Victor and Sparky duck behind a nearby keg just as tent suddenly explodes splashing pop corn (and sea monkey parts) all over the street.
113) 3) dialog: Sparky! Victor races over to make sure Sparky is not hurt and suddenly they hear an almighty roar - Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   63
116) 6) dialog: I'm coming Elsa! Sparky tries to keep up, but his legs are too stubby. PANTING, he grabs Elsa's wig and turns back in the other direction.
118) 0) text: Victor arrives at the windmill and rushes inside. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   66
121) 0) text: Sparky arrives at the base of the windmill and tries to make them understand that Elsa and Victor are inside.
122) 0) text: Victor continues to climb the stairs trying to get to Elsa as quickly as he can.
124) 0) text: Victor arrives at the top level of the windmill.    Smoke and flames are rising.
125) 2) dialog: Hang on don't let go Victor holds his hand out trying to get hold of Elsa.
125) 4) dialog: Hang on!
125) 7) dialog: Sparky! The Cat tries to knock him off but Sparky scampers out of the way and slides safely down the sail into Victor arms. The Vampire Cat is undeterred and he makes one final lunge towards them, knocking Victor off the side. The crowd gasps in horror as Victor and the Vampire cat plummet through the floor boards and disappear into the bowels of the burning windmill. Mom and Dad try to run forward but are held back by a fireman. The flames are too high.
126) 0) text: Sparky battles the flames and races to the bottom on the windmill to find the Vampire Cat and Victor lying unconscious on the floor. Grabbing Victor by the collar, Sparky uses all his strength to drag Victor out of the Windmill to safety.
127) 0) text: Mom and Dad see Sparky and Victor appearing out of the smoke.
127) 4) dialog: Sparky!
129) 0) text: The windmill finally collapses. A CLOUD of SPARKS and CINDERS. The crowd jumps back to safety and through the smoke, Victor shouts...
129) 1) dialog: Noooo!
130) 0) text: The sun hasn't quite risen.    Thanks to the FIREMEN, the blaze is out. Victor wipes away tears, smudged with soot.   His Mom hug his shoulders. A FIREFIGHTER emerges from the debris carrying Sparky's body. The little dog is singed, but still in one piece. The firefighter lays him on the dirt. Final Shooting Script_2012_01_18_v2   70
130) 1) text: Victor kneels over the lifeless body of his amazing dog. In the crowd... Dad kneels beside his son.
130) 3) dialog: You said that I need to let him go...
131) 0) text: All the cars are in a circle around Sparky, their headlights blazing. As we CIRCLE, townsfolk lift the hoods of the cars and attach jumper cables, which all feed in to two main lines. Victor attaches cables to Sparky.
131) 4) dialog: It's okay, boy. You don't have to come back. You'll always be in my heart. Victor takes the clips off Sparky and walks away back to his Mom and Dad. They hold him for a long beat, when we notice Sparky's tail THUMP THUMP THUMPING. Sparky opens an eye.   Then sits up like he's woken from good long sleep. Victor turns as Sparky gets up and runs towards him.
131) 5) dialog: Sparky! The crowd CHEERS and APPLAUDS. Victor hugs his dog, so happy to be reunited. Victor's Mom and Dad make their way over to him. Sparky does a few tricks for the crowd, then notices someone pushing through the crowd. Persephone, white streaked hair glistening in the moonlight, comes bounding out to see him and they share a playful moment before - The two dogs share a sniff.   And a jolt.