10) 0) text: Henry, Laura, 2 YEAR OLD AMANDA LEIGH, and INFANT ISABELL finish breakfast. Henry kisses all his girls good-bye. He rolls a sheath of BLUEPRINTS, stuffs them in a tube stamp ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS. Grabs a construction helmet.
12) 0) text: Sunlight beams through stained glass and a preacher resid over a small congregation. Henry, Laura, Amanda Leigh (4) and Isabelle (2), walk down the aisle followed by Pappy. HENRY’S MOTHER lies in repose. Laura moves past the caske quickly with the children in tow.
14) 0) text: We find the McAllan convoy leaving town. Laura drives the DeSoto sedan with Isabelle and Amanda Leigh. Henry and Pa are in a pick-up truck packed full of belongings includin Laura’s piano.
16) 1) dialog: Mommy flowers!
21) 0) text: The house is a large rickety shack with a deserted air. I has a warped tin roof and shuttered windows with neither glass nor screens. A porch runs the length of the house a connects it to a small lean-to. There is a dirt yard with pump. A barn, pig wallow, chicken coop and a pasture. The two car convoy rolls to a ragged stop. Henry, Laura, Pappy, Hap, Amanda Leigh and Isabelle pile out. Laura is mortified. So is Pappy. Amanda Leigh goes running.
21) 1) dialog: Will we have chickens, daddy?
21) 9) dialog: Momma, I have to tinkle.
33) 0) text: Where Henry busts in to find Laura tending to Amanda Leig and Isabelle. Isabelle is lethargic, sweaty and wheezing her lips are blue. Amanda Leigh is more alert but coughin badly. Laura is frantic:
39) 17) dialog: Momma? Florence checks Amanda Leigh’s forehead for fever and the smiles because it has broken. She checks Isabelle’s she i fine too.
55) 1) dialog: Momma, somebody’s coming! A handsome soldier in aviator sunglasses carrying a suitc Laura looks and realizes: AMANDA LEIGH (CONT’D) Uncle Jamie!! Laura shoots to her feet, smooths her hands against her apron.
55) 5) text: Don’t sugarcoat it now. 67. Laura edges closer with Amanda Leigh and Isabelle, she ho out her hands for a squeeze. Jamie smiles, scoops her int hug instead.
68) 5) dialog: What’s wrong, momma? She grunts and writhes, her hands pressed to her belly. AMANDA LEIGH (CONT’D) Momma?
71) 0) text: Laura lays in bed, curled up and depressed. She reacts wh Amanda Leigh and Isabelle enter with wildflowers.
71) 1) dialog: We brought you flowers, momma.
73) 0) text: Jamie hoists Amanda Leigh high over a new wooden stall. There’s a rope attached to a bucket and pulley contraptio mounted up top.
85) 0) text: Laura is in the kitchen. Amanda Leigh and Isabelle are on the floor playing with building blocks. Pappy lingers by window, anxiously waiting.
85) 6) dialog: Uncle Jamie!
100) 0) text: On a block with other small houses. Amanda Leigh and Isabelle play in the front yard enclosed by a white picke fence.