8) 35) dialog: You just come back.
8) 37) dialog: You come all the way back. Ronsel kisses her hand. Florence pats his chest and peels herself away. Neighbors and family surge forward as Hap e the truck away, spill into the dirt road waving and whistling. But Florence doesn’t look back.
8) 38) dialog: I can’t look back. I didn’t look back. It’s bad luck to watch somebody leave. 16.
9) 0) text: Florence opening the windows, chasing out dust. Exorcisin fear from the corners of the cabin with her broom.
9) 1) dialog: I held his heartbeat in my hand. I remember every beat. He was warm and alive. I know every place in him. Florence throws open the back door. Beyond a small green garden, COTTON FIELDS stretch infinitely from her yard po Hap and Marlon are slow-moving specks on the horizon. Florence raises her hand in a wave.
9) 2) dialog: And it was all I could do to not look back. One of the specks waves back.
9) 3) dialog: No, I don’t have favorites. INT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY Hap in the pulpit, sweating and quaking and exalting. Swa trees visible through the missing boards behind him. A br blowing in through an empty window pane. Florence in the front row, flanked by her children, duly listening. Her e closed.
9) 4) dialog: I love them all equally. Every mother does. But during all those four years, all that time he was gone... Florence’s eyes open.
9) 5) dialog: I only prayed for him. Hap catches Florence’s eye, shoots her a smile.
9) 6) dialog: God'1l forgive me.
18) 0) text: Hap surveys his land. Ruel and Marlon toil shoulder to shoulder in the fading light. Florence and Lily May chip at the day’s chores.
19) 6) dialog: If only fences could be put up with lead.
19) 14) dialog: It’s kinda like a typist.
19) 21) dialog: I don’t want him back early. Early means-—- Hap massages Florence’s shoulders, kisses her temple.
30) 0) text: Hap hoes at the earth with Sisyphean determination. He st to wipe sweat from his brow and sees Marlon shirtless chopping alongside him, straining to keep up. Then he see Florence in the distance hanging laundry on a line. Lily feeding the chickens in the coop. Hap resumes his assault the earth.
36) 0) text: Henry pulls up. The river ROARS and is completely flooded The bridge is two feet underwater. Henry gets out of the truck and walks closer to get a look. No way across. Off Henry, wheels turning, panic rising... INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT Hard rain outside with occasional flashes of lightning accompanied by rumbling THUNDER. Florence, Marlon and Lil May, all rapt, sit around the table listening to Hap read letter from Ronsel.
36) 7) dialog: When they start the whooping?
36) 9) dialog: They still catching.
36) 12) dialog: I wouldn’t be able to come home for three or four days. Who gon’ look after my own family?
36) 14) dialog: Let me get my things. I’1l meet you outside. Florence moves to Marlon and Lily May and hugs them both.
36) 15) dialog: Be good for your father.
36) 17) dialog: Girls gon’ need broth. 39.
36) 19) dialog: And you all don’t have chickens yet.
37) 0) text: Henry sluices through the rain, Florence watches him from side of her eyes. *
37) 1) dialog: I didn’t have the luxury of only loving my own children. My own mother, I remember being blue. Blue from the dark of the morning, when the moon would still be up. She: kissing me and my sister, Us: pretending to be sleep. Us: not yet awake. My mother blue in the twilight, the sun not yet risen. She: going off to work to wake and kiss some other woman’s children in the sunlight. INT. HENRY’S PICK-UP TRUCK (MOVING) - NIGHT Henry drives and Florence rides, both silent. The road is bumpy and the rain makes the visibility minimal.
37) 2) dialog: My mother, blue again from the dark of the evening, well after sunset. After we had eaten the cold suppers she had prepared and left for us. After we had gone to bed and tried to stay awake to see her, when she had been late preparing some other woman’s children hot supper. When I was a little girl, how I hated those other children. The ones that never saw my mother blue. How they never ate the cold. I swore that my children would have all of me. Would see me in the daylight. But now I know what my mother must have known. That if something had ever happened to that other woman’s children, that would have been the end of us. Now I know that she left us not out of duty, but out of love. (MORE )
37) 4) dialog: (beat) Now I know...that love is a kind of survival.
38) 0) text: Henry and Florence darting to the house.
38) 1) dialog: And Laura McAllan? Thought the Delta would turn her into nothing but grudge and bone. I didn’t have the luxury of thinking only on my own family. INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE - NIGHT — CONTINUOUS Henry and Florence rush in, Laura looks up and glares daggers. Amanda Leigh is bent over a steaming pot of wate Pappy sits off to the side, smoking.
38) 8) dialog: I seen this with my own children. We need to get liquid down ‘em. But first we got to clear some of that phlegm out.
38) 10) dialog: Make ‘em some horehound tea. That was real good, you making the steam for ‘em. We’ll keep after ‘em with it. Mist McAllan, would you kindly please boil more water, suh? Henry nods and moves off.
38) 11) dialog: That tea’ll draw the phlegm right out. (MORE )
38) 13) dialog: Once they get to breathing better, we'll make ‘em chicken broth and put ground-up willow bark in it for the fever.
38) 15) dialog: Your girls are gonna be just fine. God is watching over ‘em and so am I. And neither one of us going nowhere till they feeling better. Laura nods her appreciation. For an instant, they are sim two mothers tending a sick child.
39) 0) text: Candle and lantern light. The rain has stopped and Floren is cutting up onions and carrots. Pappy sits in the corne cigarette smoke curling around him. Florence has her back him but she feels his eyes on her. She ignores it until:
39) 2) dialog: I got to finish this broth for the children.
39) 5) dialog: Yes'm, but like I told your husband, that whooping cough is catching. If I went home I could pass it to my own children.
39) 18) dialog: Morning. Glad to see you feeling better. (beat) I’ll go fetch your momma.
40) 0) text: Where Florence quickly packs her things, anxious to get h Laura and Henry are in the kitchen area talking quietly. Pappy is sitting by a table, smoking.
40) 1) dialog: ‘Scuse me, Mist McAllan? I’m ready.
40) 3) dialog: You’re welcome. Just keep after ‘em with the tea. They’ll be fine now.
40) 6) text: Laura smiles, waiting for Florence to leap at the opportunity. Off Florence, not leaping...
40) 8) dialog: How can we say no?
40) 10) dialog: You're the one always talking about saving. How owning our own parcel the only way to get out from under they foot. We’re almost there.
40) 12) dialog: I wouldn't be working for them. I’d be working for us. (beat) I already said yes. Hap pulls away from her. Hap warms.
40) 14) dialog: “An excellent wife who can find? She is far more precious than jewels. The heart of her husband trusts in her and he will have no lack of gain...
40) 16) dialog: And now you need to listen to me.
41) 0) text: Florence watches as Hap inspects their prone, panting MUL Laying on his side, he foams at the mouth, limbs paralyze Hap drops his head, looks up at Florence. PRELAP the soun a GUNSHOT... INT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY Hap is a bullet across the pulpit. He transmutes despair belief behind his own eyes. He rallies, forces himself to clap and sing. The church falls in with him. Florence tri to sing along but looks exhausted behind her eyes. 47. EXT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY Hap still in his Sunday clothes high up on a ladder. He hammers a mismatched length of siding into place. Another DEACON patches shingles on the roof. Hap stops, takes in sunset behind him. Marlon sprinting back up the road with building supplies. Hap puffs at the sight of his son.
42) 0) text: SERIES OF SHOTS: HAP’S FAILED CONVALESCENCE --Florence cleans Hap’s leg, a river of bloody puss runs broken skin. Hap doesn’t cry out. His leg is discolored a misshapen. Florence wraps clean bandages around it -- Hap pushes open his bedroom window, sees FLORENCE and MARLON working the field on their own. Florence coaches t boy along, they work well past dark, invisible except for their bobbing lanterns and the percussion of seed bags bouncing against their legs -- Lilly May changes Hap's bedpan, Hap holds himself up o trembling elbow, keeps his face craned toward the wall. S pools in the corner of his eyes
43) 0) text: Florence and Marlon’s hard labor apparent in symmetrical of furrowed new earth. A RAIN DROP kisses the ground. The another. Another. 48.
44) 0) text: Florence and children quiet against the windows as they w nature undo weeks of work.
46) 6) dialog: Yes?
46) 8) dialog: Oh... Thank you. Florence steps aside, waves the doctor in. Florence spots Laura idling in the truck. Laura waves from the driver's seat. Florence waves back as she pulls away.
46) 9) dialog: If you’da asked me before then, I’'da told you all white folks was the same.
47) 53) dialog: My baby...
47) 55) dialog: So grown.
47) 60) dialog: You get ‘em for killing Why didn’t you write to tell Germans? us you was coming? 59.
47) 65) dialog: You sure you get enough to eat?
47) 67) dialog: I dreamt about you too.
47) 69) dialog: You back with us now. Safe and sound.
47) 71) dialog: Maybe he got plans of his own, Hap. Let him find his own mind. 60.
47) 73) dialog: What’s he want now? Ronsel stiffens. Hap and Florence trade a look as Henry strides up to the porch.
47) 79) dialog: What’d you do? He couldn’ta done anything.
47) 95) dialog: Oh. I -- no. This is so much. Your brothers and sister will love this. I'll save it -- Florence moves to take the bar in her apron. Ronsel puts hands on hers.
47) 97) dialog: Oh baby, I can't.
47) 99) dialog: (Beat) Thank you.
59) 0) text: Laura, with bleary eyes and a baby bump, shuffles into th room where Florence works in the kitchen.
59) 2) dialog: Near to ten o’clock, Ms. Laura.
59) 4) dialog: Yes'm, you definitely carrying a boy. Ronsel and Marlon both, couldn’t wake me for nothing. (beat) Something for you on the table. Laura notices a pretty bunch of lavender wrapped up in a bouquet.
69) 0) text: Laura lays in the bed alone staring at the ceiling. Her expression is stoic and empty. She does not react when Florence enters with food and drink.
69) 1) dialog: How you feeling, Ms. McAllan? (off Laura’s silence) Brought some tea to help with the cramps.
69) 3) dialog: You know, I understand how you feeling right now, Ms. McAllan. Lost one of my babies once too. Samuel. They trade a look, two women bound by the same tragedy.
69) 4) dialog: Might make you feel better to get out of this room.
76) 0) text: Florence leaning against the porch post, gazing into the distance. Hap hobbles out on his still-splinted leg. He l his crutches against the house, puts his arms around her, inhales her neck. Florence cradles his head.
76) 2) dialog: We gotta let him go.
76) 4) dialog: We are. He’s staying for us.
76) 7) dialog: You not supposed to be up on this broke leg, Hawthorne Jackson. You never let it heal, you never gon’ walk.
83) 34) dialog: You hungry?
83) 36) dialog: Went up to church. Late service. Ronsel plops onto his cot. Florence wants to talk to him, help him, but he seems so unreachable. Ronsel reaches into his pocket and pulls out the envelope from Resl. He reaches inside and finds nothing. Where’s t letter and the photo? Brow furrowed, he stands and rifles through his other pockets. Not there. Oh shit. Rising panic. He lost it.
83) 38) dialog: What is it son?
83) 40) dialog: The letter from Germany?
83) 42) dialog: Oh God. Let’s just wait. Don’t fret. Wait till your father-- Ronsel busts out of the shack and back into the night.
83) 43) dialog: Ronsel? Ronsel! 100.
92) 0) text: Hap, Marlon, Florence, and OTHER BLACK DEACONS push the d open and enter the scene of the crucifixion. Ronsel hangs bleeding from the crossbeam, the Black Messiah. Hap and Marlon immediately set to levering him down. Florence’s h goes to her mouth.
94) 1) dialog: Oh Lord, no... A river of blood pools from Ronsel’s mouth as Hap lowers to the floor. Florence wraps his nude body in her headsca Mary Magdalene. Marlon scoops up his brother's legs. Florence touches his chest, howls in sorrow. She cups her hand over his chest. Bomp Bomp Bomp.
94) 2) dialog: I held his heartbeat in my hand. I remember every beat. He was warm and alive... Ronsel stirs and coughs.
102) 0) text: Florence works the water pump with Lilly May at her side.
102) 1) dialog: If you got children, you got dreams for ‘em. You want ‘em to live they life thinking they can do whatever it is they want to. Florence fills the bucket, Lilly May tries to help but Florence shoos Lilly May towards their newer, nicer HOME. Daffodils ring the steps. Florence wipes her sweaty brow watches as Lilly May perches on the porch, pulls out a notebook, pencils, books : US PERSONNEL OFFICE STENOGRAPH GRADE AND EVALUATION GUIDE. Lilly May sinks into the page
102) 2) dialog: All three of my children a gift from God. Just let them keep shining, Lord. No matter how hard they try to dim that light, let it shine bright as the sun. EXT. HAP’S WAGON - DAY Ronsel’s face through slotted wood as Hap’s wagon lurches a start. Household goods bump and rattle above him. Jamie voice trailing away.