3) 7) text: S’not my fault what happened.
9) 7) dialog: John 14:1-3 “In my Father’s house, are many mansions. (MORE )
9) 8) text: Hap, head words. Hap lifts the crowd, The words 16A.
9) 9) dialog: If it were not so I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you... that’s where I am, ye may be also.” (beat) I know that brings me comfort. It brings me comfort that One Morning My getting up is gonna be just a little bit easier than the day before. One Morning My children are not gonna wake up in this place, they’re gonna open they eyes on a new sky. One Morning We gonna knock the boot from off our neck, we gonna shake the chains from round our feet. Oh Yes One morning! And I’m not talking about the hereafter. I’m talking about the Right Now! Oh One Morning! I said One morning Soon... (song) hung low, is silent. Speechless, searching for
9) 11) dialog: Church. ..Beloved. I don’t know I just don’t know. (beat) You see how they done him? Y'all seen how they done him. Father I Stretch My Hand To Thee
18) 0) text: Hap surveys his land. Ruel and Marlon toil shoulder to shoulder in the fading light. Florence and Lily May chip at the day’s chores.
18) 1) dialog: What good is a deed? My grandfathers and great-uncles, grandmothers and grand-aunts, father and mother--broke, tilled, toiled, planted, plucked, razed, burned, broke again. Worked this land all their lives. This land that would never be theirs. They worked until they sweated. They sweated until they bled. They bled until they died. Died with the dirt of this same 200 acres underneath they fingernails. Died, clawing at the hard brown back that would never be theirs. All they deeds undone. (MORE )
18) 3) dialog: (beat) Yet this man, this place, this law, say you need a deed. All the blood and sweat and dying with dirt under your fingernails don’t count. Doesn’t make it yours. Say you need a deed, not Deeds. So what good is a deed? A deed is a piece of paper. One of my great-uncles, Uncle William, got ahold of a piece of land during reconstruction. A good piece of land right next to the river. He had a deed. Had his piece of paper and all. Four white men rode up on horses one day, aimed they pistols, said it was theirs. My uncle’s good deed torn into forty pieces and thrown to the wind. It was too good, you see? The land he had claimed. And so I ask: what good is a deed?
19) 4) dialog: Pride goeth before destruction and a haughty spirit before a fall. Hap leads his MULE into the stall, gives its mane a good before tying a feed bag on. 24.
19) 5) dialog: That mule made me a share tenant, not a share cropper. And it had me dreaming about having my own piece of land. Maybe that’s where the problem started. Hap saunters back to his cabin, luxuriates in the calm of completed day’s work. INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - SUNSET Hap and his family shoulder to shoulder around an overflo dinner table. Cabbage and onions from Florence’s garden. cast iron skillet with rabbit in heavy brown gravy. A pla of sliced tomatoes goes around. A SURVEYOR’S MAP with outlined parcels is pinned to the wall. A pencil on a str hangs from a nail next to it. Hap stares at it as he eats Hap leaps up, napkin still tucked around his neck to redr boundary, scribble notes.
19) 7) dialog: The get taken down with lead all the time. Hap winks at Florence, Florence blushes.
19) 10) dialog: Never call your brother a fool.
19) 16) dialog: Your sister will be the first.
19) 22) dialog: He’s not coming back early. Y'all finish up. Get these dishes rinsed off before bed-- BANG BANG BANG from the door at the far side of the cabin All eyes on Hap. The dividing wall between what was a two family unit has been cut and framed with a door that exte the Jacksons cozy living space. BANG BANG BANG. Marlon st to rise, Hap motions him to sit. Hap palms a MACHETE that leans just inside the door, holds it close behind his leg before cracking opening it. Henry, fist still raised in a knock squinting back at his ragtag caravan. 26.
19) 23) dialog: Evening, Mister. Henry swivels back around.
19) 25) dialog: Yes Sir?
19) 27) dialog: You’re the new owner. Thought you all wasn’t coming until next week.
20) 0) text: Hap bounces uncomfortably between Henry and Pappy. Hap lo down and sees that his hand is ever so close to Pappy’s. shifts and we hear his VOICE OVER:
20) 1) dialog: Mist McAllan was from Memphis and my guess was he didn’t know the eating end of a mule from the crapping end. Told me he intends to bring in one of them infernal tractors. Imagine that, using a machine to work his land instead of the hands the Lord gave him. This man put three families off on account of that damn tractor. But I thank God we wasn’t one of them. Most times a landlord puts the colored families off first.
21) 0) text: The house is a large rickety shack with a deserted air. I has a warped tin roof and shuttered windows with neither glass nor screens. A porch runs the length of the house a connects it to a small lean-to. There is a dirt yard with pump. A barn, pig wallow, chicken coop and a pasture. The two car convoy rolls to a ragged stop. Henry, Laura, Pappy, Hap, Amanda Leigh and Isabelle pile out. Laura is mortified. So is Pappy. Amanda Leigh goes running.
21) 3) dialog: You alright, Ms. McAllan?
21) 7) dialog: I thought you was planning to live in town, suh.
22) 0) text: The roof leaks in several spots. Henry and Hap back in wi Laura’s piano. Pappy sits on a rocking chair, smoking as watches.
22) 4) dialog: Yes, ma’am. (then reading the titles) A Tale of Two Cities. Wuthering Heights.
22) 6) dialog: My son, Ronsel, taught me. He over there fighting under General Patton.
22) 8) dialog: No, suh, he a tank commander.
22) 10) dialog: My son’s a sergeant. 761st battalion. Calls ‘em the black panthers.
30) 0) text: Hap hoes at the earth with Sisyphean determination. He st to wipe sweat from his brow and sees Marlon shirtless chopping alongside him, straining to keep up. Then he see Florence in the distance hanging laundry on a line. Lily feeding the chickens in the coop. Hap resumes his assault the earth.
36) 0) text: Henry pulls up. The river ROARS and is completely flooded The bridge is two feet underwater. Henry gets out of the truck and walks closer to get a look. No way across. Off Henry, wheels turning, panic rising... INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT Hard rain outside with occasional flashes of lightning accompanied by rumbling THUNDER. Florence, Marlon and Lil May, all rapt, sit around the table listening to Hap read letter from Ronsel.
36) 1) dialog: “I wish you all were there to see it. Her dress was so glittery it looked like it was made of stars. Even the white GI's couldn't take their eyes off her. But tell Lilly May, even the great Lena Horne hasn't got half the voice she does. And please tell Marlon I tried to save him some snow, but it melted. So I'll be bringing him a glass of water instead. Ha ha." Smiles are exchanged. It’s like Ronsel is right there wit them.
36) 2) dialog: “And please let momma know that I-- BANGING at the door. Florence drops out of her reverie. M BANGING. Hap answers the door-- Henry soaked and desperat
36) 3) dialog: Mist McAllan.
36) 5) dialog: My wife ain’t a doctor. 38.
36) 10) dialog: She can give you some remedies to take but she can’t go with you.
40) 9) dialog: We don’t belong to them. We pay rent, work our own crops for us. That's it. They can’t just pick us up, set us down like we tools.
40) 11) dialog: I don’t want you working for them.
40) 13) dialog: (quoting scripture) “For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church.”
40) 15) dialog: All those Sundays you really are listening, huh? Florence kisses him, strokes his beard.
41) 0) text: Florence watches as Hap inspects their prone, panting MUL Laying on his side, he foams at the mouth, limbs paralyze Hap drops his head, looks up at Florence. PRELAP the soun a GUNSHOT... INT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY Hap is a bullet across the pulpit. He transmutes despair belief behind his own eyes. He rallies, forces himself to clap and sing. The church falls in with him. Florence tri to sing along but looks exhausted behind her eyes. 47. EXT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY Hap still in his Sunday clothes high up on a ladder. He hammers a mismatched length of siding into place. Another DEACON patches shingles on the roof. Hap stops, takes in sunset behind him. Marlon sprinting back up the road with building supplies. Hap puffs at the sight of his son.
41) 1) dialog: Pride goeth before a fall. But I was just looking at God’s own creation. Is that pride? Is that a sin? Why? Hap’s hammer slips from his grip, he clutches after it, t ladder tumbles sideways. Hap falling in slow motion.
41) 2) dialog: I can’t answer my children when they ask me. Hap now paralyzed on the ground, stiff and sputtering lik the mule. Marlon and other Deacons gathering around him. Hap’s eyes wide in surprise. Hap blacks out.
42) 0) text: SERIES OF SHOTS: HAP’S FAILED CONVALESCENCE --Florence cleans Hap’s leg, a river of bloody puss runs broken skin. Hap doesn’t cry out. His leg is discolored a misshapen. Florence wraps clean bandages around it -- Hap pushes open his bedroom window, sees FLORENCE and MARLON working the field on their own. Florence coaches t boy along, they work well past dark, invisible except for their bobbing lanterns and the percussion of seed bags bouncing against their legs -- Lilly May changes Hap's bedpan, Hap holds himself up o trembling elbow, keeps his face craned toward the wall. S pools in the corner of his eyes
43) 1) dialog: The rain came that next day, a big hard rain that packed the fields down tight as wax.
44) 1) dialog: Nothing we could do set there and watch it and fret for two days until it finally cleared up. INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAWN Hap watches his family out the window as they hoist their hoes and water buckets out to the mud-slicked mess to beg again. Lilly Mae in an oversized hat has joined them this time and jogs to keep up. Four lanterns bobbing against c daybreak.
44) 2) dialog: Lingered along, lingered along. Laid in that bed knowing my wife was out doing my work for me. Florence's hands all blistered up and I seen her rubbing her back when she thought I wasn’t looking. Hap picks up a BIRCH BASKET he’s been working on, resumes weaving. The racket of Henry’s tractor crashes the peace.
44) 4) dialog: In here. Henry McAllan appears in the window, inventories the room
44) 6) dialog: Better by the day.
44) 10) dialog: Doc Turpin said six weeks, it’s been four already. I bet I’1l be out there by Monday.
44) 12) dialog: Florence and the boys are working double time sir. Plus you know fields gotta be rebroke because of that rain.
44) 14) dialog: Yessir.
44) 16) dialog: We lost our mule to lockjaw sir. Florence and the boys are--
44) 19) dialog: Yessir. The blare of Henry’s tractor engine. Hap throws off the b covers. Drenched in sweat, he snatches down a pair of workpants. He lifts his bad leg into the trouser hole and shimmies his pants over his waist. He shifts his weight o his good leg and levers himself upright on one leg. He ta a fortifying breath, slowly eases his bad foot to the gro
44) 20) dialog: 
47) 48) dialog: Bless us, oh Lord, and these thy gifts which we are about to receive from thy bounty through Christ our Lord and savior. Hap, Florence, Marlon, Ruel and Lilly May, all with their eyes closed, mid-prayer: 58.
47) 49) dialog: And, Lord, thank you for the sun you been sending to make the cotton grow and for the health of all here present. And, Lord Jesus, please watch over my boy, Ronsel, wherever in creation he may be.
47) 61) dialog: Quit fussing over him now and let him say hello to his father. They part so Hap can take a look at Ronsel. Then Ronsel rushes up and hugs him. Hap holds his son, tears welling.
47) 62) dialog: I knew you’d come. I prayed for it. EXT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT It’s a warm night and a blanket of stars covers the sky. Cigarette smoke curls up into it and we find Ronsel on th porch of the shack, smoking as he stares at the heavens. reacts when Hap and Florence come out.
47) 63) dialog: I’ve never known you to smoke, son.
47) 70) dialog: Be nice to have another pair of hands. With you home we might can make up what we lost after my accident. Payoff the lien, get a new contract, go back to being tenants next year--
47) 75) dialog: Mist McAllan. This is our son, Ronsel, I told you about.
47) 79) dialog: What’d you do? He couldn’ta done anything.
47) 84) dialog: Is that true? (off Ronsel’s nod) Then I reckon you best apologize. Henry waits and Ronsel glares. But Ronsel knows he has no choice and he forces the words out:
47) 87) dialog: Ronsel will pay him a visit after church tomorrow. Won’t you, son?
47) 91) dialog: No point in fighting ‘em. They just gon’ win every time.
57) 29) dialog: Everything alright Mist Jamie?
74) 0) text: Still on one crutch, Hap works the wet, overgrown field. mud makes the hard work even harder. He loses his footing and falls. He gets up, more covered in mud than he was before.
76) 0) text: Florence leaning against the porch post, gazing into the distance. Hap hobbles out on his still-splinted leg. He l his crutches against the house, puts his arms around her, inhales her neck. Florence cradles his head.
76) 1) dialog: You ain't tired?
76) 3) dialog: We're not holding him.
76) 5) dialog: Maybe he wants to stay. It’s not always gonna be like this. Soon as I’m healed we’ll move outta here. We'll be okay. He’1ll be okay once he has his own place-- Florence drops her head. Hap spins her around to him, pul her into a clumsy one-legged two step. Hap hums some brok tune. Florence melts onto him.
76) 6) dialog: Remember that?
76) 8) dialog: Why walk if I can’t dance? Hap and Florence swaying, hanging in each other’s eyes, grasping for exhausted joy.
82) 23) dialog: It’s half past nine. You just now getting up? Ronsel shrugs and nods.
82) 24) dialog: You just gon’ lay around all day? While your brothers and sisters work? What’s wrong with you-- 95.
82) 27) dialog: Who’s Resl Braun?
82) 29) dialog: Where you going now? Ronsel!
92) 0) text: Hap, Marlon, Florence, and OTHER BLACK DEACONS push the d open and enter the scene of the crucifixion. Ronsel hangs bleeding from the crossbeam, the Black Messiah. Hap and Marlon immediately set to levering him down. Florence’s h goes to her mouth.
96) 4) dialog: My son is not getting down outta that wagon. Henry swallows this.
96) 7) dialog: Done this plenty of times.
96) 12) dialog: Man who is born of a woman is of few days and full of trouble. He cometh forth like a flower, and is cut down: he fleeth as a shadow, and continueth not. And dost thou open thine eyes upon such a one, and bringest me into judgment with thee? Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? Not one. 114. Henry frowns, not appreciating the tone or content of the sermon. Laura holds his hand, Jamie looks up:
96) 13) dialog: For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again. Through the scent of water it will bud like a plant. But man dieth, and wasteth away. As the waters fail from the sea and drieth up, so man lieth down, and riseth not. Till the heavens be no more, they shall not awake, nor be raised out of their sleep. Amen.
101) 0) text: Hap and Marlon hitch a NEW MULE to a NEW PLOW in a beauti field.
101) 1) dialog: This here is the loins of the land. Beautiful black soil made rich by two great rivers and the hand of the Lord himself. (MORE )
101) 3) dialog: And now, with sweat, toil and the grace of God, we got ourselves a little piece of it. My children got something they can call they own. And can’t nothing change that. Not ever. Hap can see Florence and Lilly May over by a water pump. waves. They wave back.