1) 0) text: The ash colored storm clouds make it look like night. Jam scrapes the muck off his shovel blade and resumes. The mu is so thick it’s like digging into raw meat. A distant lightning flash accompanied by THUNDER. Jamie u his urgency as he chops at the wet earth. An upside down face appears in the hole’s opening. It’s HENRY MCALLAN (Caucasian, late 40's), Jamie’s salt-of-the-earth, older brother. Henry is a man of few words who rarely smiles. They speak with the lilting garble of the Mississippi Del
1) 1) dialog: My turn. Take a break.
1) 3) dialog: We will. We have to. Henry extends his hand and helps Jamie out of the hole. Then, as Henry maneuvers his way into the hole we see tha moves with a noticeable limp. Jamie pulls a handkerchief from his pocket and wipes mud from his face and hands. As watches Henry dig we hear Jamie’s VOICE OVER:
1) 7) dialog: Piece of rock, I think. Henry shoves his hand into the mud to pull out the rock. what he retrieves is actually a human skull missing a big chunk in the back. They trade a look. Henry keeps digging alternating between shovel and bare hands as he discovers rest of the skeleton. A collarbone, scapula and ribs.
1) 8) dialog: No, no, no. Oh Lord... It ain’t right. This just ain’t right. Henry digs out the pelvis and leg bones. We hear a metall CLINK. Henry unearths the tibia and sees a crude, rusted iron shackle with a broken chain dangling from it.
1) 9) dialog: Jesus. This is a slave’s grave.
1) 11) dialog: See here? Shot in the head. Must’ve been a runaway. (extending a grimy hand) That settles it. Help me out.
1) 13) dialog: I won’t bury our father in a slave’s grave. There’s nothing he would’ve hated more.
1) 16) text: The hole has grown longer and deeper and is now a foot ov Jamie's head - a proper grave. Henry’s face appears in th opening of the hole:
1) 17) dialog: Yep, that should do it. Jamie hands the shovel up. But then, when Henry tries to help Jamie out, it’s no use. The hole is too deep, their hands are too wet and the walls are too slick. HENRY (CONT’D) I'll fetch the ladder. Jamie nods and Henry moves off. As the squelch of Henry's boots steadily grows quiet we see the pain and worry in Jamie's eyes. All around him is oozing mud. And overhead a crude rectangle of darkening gray. Then we hear the staccato pitter-patter of RAIN DROPS. Ja looks up and they begin to hit his face. At first just a few, but then they come faster. Jamie tries to climb out again. But he slips back in. Another try and this time he almost makes it before sliding back down. Jamie's panic rises as he tries to claw out of the hole. it’s futile as his fingers cut through the mud like butte
1) 19) dialog: As he limps back towards the hole with the ladder, he hea Jamie screaming.
1) 21) dialog: Henry hustles back to the hole but Jamie is too frantic t notice.
1) 22) dialog: Jamie!! Jamie, I’m here!! Jamie snaps out of it as Henry lowers the ladder. Jamie scrambles up and promptly doubles over trying to quell th panic.
1) 23) dialog: You alright?
1) 25) dialog: Why would I do that? Jamie glances up. Henry’s looking at him like he’s crazy. Jamie hauls up the ladder and moves off:
2) 0) text: ON PAPPY MCALLAN (60'S), eyes closed, his expression tranquil. He is dressed as we will see him throughout, in his Sunday best. WIDEN TO REVEAL Jamie and Henry standing over him. Henry pulls a sheet over Pappy’s face then rega the ramshackle coffin made of mismatched scrap wood.
2) 1) dialog: I wish to hell we’d been able to get to town. Jamie moves to Pappy’s feet and Henry to his head as they to putting the body in the coffin. As they lift:
2) 2) dialog: Gently now.
2) 4) dialog: (sharp) That’s not the point.
2) 6) dialog: Go on. I'll finish up here. 5. Jamie nods and throws a last look at the corpse. We STAY him as he drifts outside to the porch. A HAMMER STRIKING NAIL gives him pause. He produces an almost empty bottle bourbon from his back pocket. He downs it.
3) 0) text: The rain and wind have slowed down. ON A PAIR OF BOOTS as they trudge through thick, ankle-deep mud. WIDEN TO REVEA that the boots belong to LAURA MCALLAN (Caucasian, 30's). She follows Jamie and Henry who carry the coffin. Laura i more plain than pretty and there’s a tired strength in he eyes. She stumbles in the muck and we hear her VOICE OVER
3) 2) dialog: Dammit.
3) 4) dialog: Coffin’s too narrow. It falls again it could break open. Jamie shrugs, “so what?” HENRY (CONT’D) No. Laura reacts to a mule pulled wagon she sees approaching.
3) 9) dialog: Leaving us in the middle of the season? Least they can do is lend a hand. Laura and Jamie trade a look as Henry waves the wagon dow Hap’s eyes are tight and cold as he clucks the horses to stop. Laura ventures a nod at Florence, Florence ignores
3) 10) dialog: Can you help us out here? Hap considers Jamie. The cracked coffin sinking into the
3) 11) dialog: Hap? Florence puts a hand on Hap’s hand. They look to each oth for an answer that isn’t there. Laura shifts her weight, looks away from Henry.
4) 7) dialog: I like hymns. Laura, de-centered.
4) 8) text: Laura opens the door to REVEAL Henry with a bouquet of flowers. She smiles, surprised.
5) 0) text: Laura and Henry gazing at the big screen. She steals a glance at him.
6) 0) text: Henry and Laura walk hand in hand. The dogwood trees are blooming and flurries of white petals flit on gentle bree Henry picks a petal out of Laura’s hair and they hold a l
6) 2) dialog: My brother, Jamie’s coming up from Oxford in a few weeks. I’d like for him to meet you.
7) 0) text: Laura and Henry in the center of the BUZZING terminal. La is dressed for the occasion. Henry paces, excited. A LOUDSPEAKER announces the train’s arrival.
7) 1) text: (checking his watch) Right on time. That’s rare for Jamie. Henry scans the crowd, smiles.
7) 2) dialog: There. Henry points. Jamie strides through the crowd. He is fres clean, beautiful. Henry moves to him as fast as limp will permit. A warm, rocking hug. They step back and study eac other’s faces.
7) 4) dialog: Likewise.
7) 6) dialog: This is Miss Chappell. (to Laura) My brother, Jamie.
7) 9) dialog: He thinks he’s a character in one of his plays.
7) 12) dialog: Hopefully one of them fellas can earn you a decent wage someday.
7) 16) dialog: Who’s Puck?
7) 20) dialog: Laura’s not the impressionable type.
8) 0) text: WELL-HEELED GUESTS lounging on Queen Anne couches. BLACK SERVANTS buzz about with trays. A BLACK BIG BAND plays something watered-down swing. 11. Laura, Henry and Jamie giggling in a lush nook. Jamie is story. Laura is rapt. Henry’s heard it.
8) 6) dialog: What else was I supposed to do? Let him drown? It’s not a pleasant memory for Henry. As he shrugs it off SERVANT refreshes their champagne. HENRY (CONT’D) That’11 do--
8) 8) dialog: What, from modeling clothes? Don’t know how you do that. Seems so undignified for a man. 12.
8) 16) dialog: You look especially pretty tonight.
8) 18) dialog: Jamie has that effect on girls. They sparkle for him. (beat) He likes you. I can tell.
8) 20) dialog: At least not anyone in a skirt. (re: the dance floor) See what I mean? Laura looks and sees Jamie on the dance floor with a PRET GIRL. The girl effortlessly follows Jamie through a serie of turns and dips. Laura suddenly feels foolish and tries cover it as she sips her champagne glass empty. Henry ref it.
9) 17) dialog: The army made Jamie a bomber pilot. But it’s my fault he’s up there.
9) 19) dialog: When Jamie was a boy he had questions about my time in the Great War. How many Huns did I kill? How had I been injured? Why did they call it great? And all I could do was make him promise that if he ever had to be a soldier he would get up to the sky. They say battle is cleaner in the sky.
10) 0) text: Henry, Laura, 2 YEAR OLD AMANDA LEIGH, and INFANT ISABELL finish breakfast. Henry kisses all his girls good-bye. He rolls a sheath of BLUEPRINTS, stuffs them in a tube stamp ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS. Grabs a construction helmet.
11) 1) dialog: Work kept me from my family. But the army needed bases and airfields and I was happy to oblige. My great- great grand daddy and his slaves built the farm I grew up on. 18. Henry leans next to his idling car, a worn NO TRESPASSING sign hangs limp from a tree. Henry eyes a string of dista SHARECROPPERS. He reaches down and grabs a handful of ear
11) 2) dialog: One time Grandaddy told me to go grab up a handful of dirt from the yard, and I did. He asks me “What are you holding?" I said “Dirt”. He says “that's right now give it to me." So I do and he says “Now what's this I've got in my hand?" “Dirt” , I says. Then he says “Naw boy, this is LAND I've got. Do you know why?" Henry sniffs the dirt in his hands, tastes it, spits it o
11) 3) dialog: And he says “because I OWN it. It's mine. And one day it'll be yours. But in the meantime, to you and every other person who doesn't own it, it’s just dirt.” Henry tosses the dirt away.
12) 0) text: Sunlight beams through stained glass and a preacher resid over a small congregation. Henry, Laura, Amanda Leigh (4) and Isabelle (2), walk down the aisle followed by Pappy. HENRY’S MOTHER lies in repose. Laura moves past the caske quickly with the children in tow.
12) 1) dialog: Except that land never became mine. Pappy sold it after the flood. He told people that the river wiped him out. But that was a lie. Pappy stops and takes a long look down at the body. Henry lays a flower in the casket. Pappy sobs heavily as he wri the hat he holds in his hands. Henry starts to reach for father’s shoulder, hesitates, clasps his hands behind him instead.
12) 2) dialog: He walked away from that land gladly. Another PARISHIONER drapes a comforting arm around Pappy. 19.
12) 3) dialog: And when mama died, he sold my dreams as payment for his grief.
13) 0) text: Where Henry and Laura make love. Henry climaxes, then slo rolls off of her. They both catch their breath and stare the ceiling for several post-coital beats, then:
13) 1) dialog: Honey, by the way. I bought a farm in Mississippi. Laura’s head snaps towards him, her face smeared with sho But Henry continues like it’s great news:
13) 2) dialog: It’s 40 miles south of Greenville near a town called Marietta. We’ll be moving in three weeks time.
13) 4) dialog: Just recently. I rented us a house in town. It’s a gorgeous with a big old porch, an oak tree, four bedrooms. You and the girls will love it.
13) 6) dialog: They each get their own room and Pappy can have his own space.
13) 8) dialog: Of course. Now that momma’s gone someone's got to look after him. (then) Wait ‘til you see it. It’s gota modern electric stove. And it’s only 3 blocks from the elementary school. And it’s only about a half hour drive out to the farm. (MORE )
13) 10) dialog: Bought it from a couple who lost their son in the war. Felt bad taking it at such a low price, but they wanted out. (then) I'll have Pappy drive the truck up next week.
13) 12) dialog: The pick up I bought to use on the farm. Got a tractor too. John Deere Model B. Helluva machine. I’ll be able to farm a hundred acres by myself. Imagine that. Henry realizes Laura has been looking at him, agape.
13) 13) dialog: You're mighty quiet.
13) 15) dialog: But you knew I always intended to have my own farm someday. I’m sure I mentioned it.
13) 17) dialog: Well. I’m telling you now. We've got ourselves two hundred acres of fertile land. And with that tractor I don’t need a bunch of sharecroppers, I can do most of the work myself.
13) 19) dialog: Me and the girls are your family.
13) 21) dialog: They can visit. You can too. 21.
13) 23) dialog: Laura, honey, in a year’s time I'll turn enough profit to buy us another hundred acres. Man up the road is itching to sell. Lot better living than I’m making now. (then) You're going to love it. I know you will. You’ll see.
14) 0) text: We find the McAllan convoy leaving town. Laura drives the DeSoto sedan with Isabelle and Amanda Leigh. Henry and Pa are in a pick-up truck packed full of belongings includin Laura’s piano.
16) 0) text: It’s even more charming than Henry described. The process unfolds from the caravan. Henry watches Laura as she takes it in. She looks at Henr and softens, the house is lovely. He moves to her and tak her hand as they walk towards their new home.
16) 3) dialog: So we do. Isabelle coughs as she curls deeper into mommy.
16) 5) dialog: Key should be under the mat. 22. Just then the the front door opens to REVEAL a big, bear man, ORRIS STOKES (Caucasian, 30's). He’s not friendly.
16) 7) dialog: We’re the McAllans. The new tenants of this house. Who are you?
16) 9) dialog: I rented this place from George Suddeth just three weeks ago.
16) 11) dialog: Is that a fact? I guess I need to refresh his memory.
16) 13) dialog: I gave him a hundred dollar deposit.
16) 15) dialog: We shook on the deal. Pappy spits on the ground, shakes his head in disgust.
16) 16) dialog: I paid him a hundred dollars cash right there in the living room. I had dinner with him and his wife.
16) 19) dialog: Then we’ll have to stay on the farm. There’s a house. We can make it work.
16) 21) dialog: It’s the only place big enough for all of us. There’s nothing else in town. Believe me, I looked.
19) 0) text: The bridge spans a small river. As the two-car convoy dri over the creaky structure Henry leans his head out the wi and shouts back to Laura in the DeSoto.
19) 1) dialog: This is it! We’re on our land now!
19) 24) dialog: Henry McAllen. You Hap?
19) 26) dialog: We just rolled in, I’ma need you to unload. Hap taking in the scene, catching up.
19) 28) dialog: I wanna get unloaded and the fire going before dark. Henry strides off to the car, doesn’t wait for a response doesn’t need. Hap looks at Florence, knowing glances. EXT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - MOMENTS LATER
19) 30) dialog: It’s too far and we don’t have time. It’ll be night soon.
19) 32) dialog: He can’t ride alone with Laura and the girls. And there’s no room in the back of the truck. (off Pappy) Pappy. Please. As Pappy gets out of the truck he eyes Hap. Hap lowers hi gaze. Off Laura and the girls watching the scene...
20) 0) text: Hap bounces uncomfortably between Henry and Pappy. Hap lo down and sees that his hand is ever so close to Pappy’s. shifts and we hear his VOICE OVER:
21) 0) text: The house is a large rickety shack with a deserted air. I has a warped tin roof and shuttered windows with neither glass nor screens. A porch runs the length of the house a connects it to a small lean-to. There is a dirt yard with pump. A barn, pig wallow, chicken coop and a pasture. The two car convoy rolls to a ragged stop. Henry, Laura, Pappy, Hap, Amanda Leigh and Isabelle pile out. Laura is mortified. So is Pappy. Amanda Leigh goes running.
21) 2) dialog: You bet. Pigs too. A recent rain has turned the ground to muck. Laura steps into an ankle-deep mud puddle and loses her footing. She sucks her foot out, her nice shoes are ruined.
21) 5) dialog: You know what else, jitter bug? That river we crossed over? I bet it’s full of catfish and crawdads.
21) 8) dialog: Plans changed.
21) 11) dialog: Uh, honey, it’s around back.
21) 13) dialog: It’s an outhouse. There’s no...indoor plumbing. Henry points to a water pump not far off. Laura is incredulous. Henry’s eyes urge her to make the best of it Hap’s presence makes Henry squirm even more. Thunder rumb in the distance.
22) 0) text: The roof leaks in several spots. Henry and Hap back in wi Laura’s piano. Pappy sits on a rocking chair, smoking as watches.
22) 1) dialog: Relax yourself Pappy. We got it. Laura bustles out of one of the bedrooms. She rifles thro a box. 29.
22) 12) dialog: Where you want this piano?
22) 18) dialog: There’s no room in the house.
22) 20) dialog: True. We could.
22) 23) dialog: There’s an idea --
22) 26) dialog: We’re not putting you out. (to Laura) Now, honey -- 31.
22) 28) dialog: Laura-—
22) 30) dialog: You're overtired.
29) 3) text: EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM — DAY HENRY’S TRACTOR GROWLING across an empty, ready to be pla field. There’s satisfaction and hope in his eyes as he surveys the expanse of his land.
31) 3) dialog: I’1ll catch you later Carl. Henry speeds away, leaves Carl in the dust. Carl waves af the truck.
32) 0) text: Henry HAMMERS repairs. Outside it’s raining sheets. Then, through the open doors, we see Pappy, shoulders hunched against the elements, as he hurries toward the barn. Papp arrives and shouts over the steady bang of Henry’s hammer
33) 0) text: Where Henry busts in to find Laura tending to Amanda Leig and Isabelle. Isabelle is lethargic, sweaty and wheezing her lips are blue. Amanda Leigh is more alert but coughin badly. Laura is frantic:
34) 0) text: Pouring rain as Henry runs out of the house and into the truck. He pulls out, tires spinning in the mud. 37.
35) 0) text: Where Henry drives, concern all over his face. Then he reacts to something he sees through the windshield.
36) 0) text: Henry pulls up. The river ROARS and is completely flooded The bridge is two feet underwater. Henry gets out of the truck and walks closer to get a look. No way across. Off Henry, wheels turning, panic rising... INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT Hard rain outside with occasional flashes of lightning accompanied by rumbling THUNDER. Florence, Marlon and Lil May, all rapt, sit around the table listening to Hap read letter from Ronsel.
36) 4) dialog: I need Florence. My little girls have taken sick with whooping cough. I can’t get to town because the bridge is washed out. And I remember you saying she was a midwife.
36) 6) dialog: I realize that. But my wife...
36) 8) dialog: Isabelle’s been sick for a couple days now. Amanda Leigh’s cough started up this afternoon.
36) 11) dialog: I’1ll pay you.
36) 13) dialog: Please. My wife is afraid. Florence and Hap consider Henry. Henry’s pride and upbringing won’t allow him to beg any further.
36) 18) dialog: Oh.
37) 0) text: Henry sluices through the rain, Florence watches him from side of her eyes. *
38) 0) text: Henry and Florence darting to the house.
38) 3) dialog: This is Florence Jackson. She’s a midwife.
38) 5) dialog: The bridge is washed out. I couldn’t get to town. I thought she might be able to help. Isabelle COUGHS and HACKS from the other room, Florence shoulders past Henry toward the sound. Abandons the coupl their bickering.
38) 7) dialog: The damn bridge is flooded -- what do you want me to do? Isabelle starts gagging. Laura rushes to the girls’ room. INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE/GIRLS’ ROOM - CONTINUOUS ...-where Florence turns Isabelle onto her side. Yellow P and BILE bubble from the child’s mouth, Florence wipes it away. Laura kneels across from Florence.
39) 10) dialog: How the girls doing?
39) 12) dialog: She'll infect her own family.
40) 0) text: Where Florence quickly packs her things, anxious to get h Laura and Henry are in the kitchen area talking quietly. Pappy is sitting by a table, smoking.
44) 3) dialog: Hap!
44) 5) dialog: How're you feeling?
44) 7) dialog: I expect you are. Henry lights a cigarette.
44) 9) dialog: How much longer you gonna be laid up?
44) 11) dialog: Welp. I don’t think you gon’ have enough time to get everything in the ground. You're skinning it close.
44) 13) dialog: Can’t control the rain. (beat) But y’all ought be well into planting by now and you haven't even gotten your fields laid by. I can’t afford to wait any longer, you're a farmer you understand that.
44) 15) dialog: As it stands, it’1l be the end of the week ‘fore they even start fertilizing. Now if they had a mule, they’d be done in no time.
44) 17) dialog: You’re gonna have to rent one of my mules. You’ll go back on half shares to pay it off. The verdict sticks in Hap’s throat. Henry already ambling back to his tractor. 50.
44) 18) dialog: Send one a your boys to come fetch that mule after dinner.
45) 2) dialog: It’s only till July, she’s got to get that crop in the ground.
45) 4) dialog: His leg is broke. I told you that.
45) 6) dialog: No we can’t lend them a mule, it’s just like with the Atwoods if they can’t get the work done on time, the have to rent one of ours and pay us half of the crop for it. Tough for them, good for us. Are you for us?
45) 8) dialog: Hap hurt himself working for Hap!! Laura recoils, Henry catches himself.
45) 9) dialog: Farming is a business Laura. And like any business it carries risks.
45) 11) dialog: I sank everything into this farm. Everything. We need to make some money this year. If we don’t, our family’s in trouble. Now. Do you understand that? Laura holds her tongue, lifts her chin .
47) 46) dialog: Go on now. We don’t want any trouble. Go on. Fists clench as the air thickens with hostility. Ronsel i anchored where he stands, head high and defiant as he squarely meets the gaze of each man in the room. Laura's eyes plead with him to just go. Then Ronsel looks to Papp
47) 74) dialog: Evening, Hap. Florence.
47) 76) dialog: We've met. (then) I’d better speak to you alone, Hap.
47) 78) dialog: All right then. You’re asking for a heap of trouble by acting like you did earlier at Tricklebank’s. And I know you don’t want trouble, least of all for your family here.
47) 81) dialog: The front door. And when my father corrected him he made a fine speech. Put us all in our place, didn’t you?
47) 86) dialog: My father’1l wanna hear it too.
47) 90) dialog: Good. We'll be expecting you, boy. Henry strolls back to his truck and pulls off. Hap sees t frustration in Ronsel’s eyes.
48) 0) text: Shouting from the barn. It’s Henry arguing with Carl Atwo Their discussion moves towards the porch: 62.
48) 1) dialog: I don’t give a damn! If you can’t do your job, I can’t keep you on. That’s how it works.
48) 3) dialog: That’s not my problem, Carl. And I got kids too. But I’m runnin’ a farm here, not a charity.
48) 5) dialog: I'll give you to the end of the week. And then I want you gone. Henry walks away. As he moves past Laura and into the hou Carl stands there, shell-shocked. Then eventually, he mov off down the road.
51) 0) text: Laura hums as she churns butter on the porch while Henry reads the paper and Pappy smokes. Laura’s churning is especially tense and Henry notices:
51) 1) dialog: Alright then, what is it?
51) 3) dialog: You got something on your mind. I can tell. (off Laura) You sing when you're happy. (MORE )
51) 5) dialog: And hum when you’re not. C’mon now, out with it.
51) 8) dialog: Atwood is a lazy, stupid drunk. He’s lucky I’ve kept him this long.
51) 10) dialog: Why would I go through all that when I can just hire a new tenant?
51) 14) dialog: I’ll have a word with Carl tomorrow morning. Just a word. Laura rewards him with the tiniest smile, softens her churning. Henry basks in her quiet favor.
55) 2) dialog: Jamie?! Henry whoops and bolts off the porch, limp and all. Laura hangs back in the doorway. She straightens her dress and runs her fingers through her hair. She sights her dirty fingernails, clasps her hands behind her back. Henry rocks Jamie in a tight embrace. They separate, look each other. Grab each other again.
55) 4) dialog: You look like hell.
55) 11) dialog: (to Jamie re: Pappy) He’s missed you too. He won't admit it but he has.
56) 0) text: The jitter of Jamie’s hand as he cradles a lit cigarette. pours a drink and finishes in a single draught. Pappy tak note, doesn’t hide his disdain. Henry pretends not to see 68.
56) 6) dialog: Jamie’s never needed medals to get girls.
56) 14) dialog: (under his breath) Aw, shit. Pappy’s eyes narrow and he seethes for a beat,
56) 16) dialog: Well, good time to hit the hay. Got an early day tomorrow.
56) 18) dialog: What you need is a good night’s sleep. Laura made a bed up for you. Jamie stands and Henry gives him a hug.
56) 19) dialog: Welcome home, little brother. (beat) Now, go on, get some sleep. Henry starts to move off.
56) 21) dialog: What? 70.
56) 23) dialog: How can you even see anything from that high up?
58) 0) text: Where Laura looks at her expanding belly in a mirror. She turns profile and sighs with a grin. A beat, then Henry enters. Laura looks at him and smiles.
58) 1) dialog: What? (off Laura) What is it?
58) 3) dialog: Oh Lord, honey... Oh Lord! (hugging and kissing her) Woo!
70) 0) text: Laura sits at the edge of the bed staring at the wall. Th Henry enters. He approaches and puts a hand on her should Laura lets it rest there for a beat, then she gently shru it off. Henry is concerned.
73) 5) dialog: What’s this? Jamie and Laura quickly break the hug when Henry walks up
73) 7) dialog: You don’t say. Henry checks out the handy work and Laura and Jamie trade quick glance. EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM —- SHOWER - SUNSET Laura enters with a towel. The deep thrum of insects and frogs mingles with the distant sound of Amanda Leigh practicing scales on the piano in the house. As Laura gets undressed she looks up and notices large cl stained with hues of pink and gold from the setting sun. She pulls the rope and the bucket tilts and pours water i another bucket punctured with holes which creates a showe effect. Then she releases the rope and stops the water fl Jamie was thoughtful enough to put in a soap dish. In it a purple bar of soap. Laura puts the soap to her nose and draws in the scent. Lavender. She smiles and lathers up. 85. Then she pulls the rope all the way and the entire bucket starts pouring. The water is warm and it feels wonderful. It’s been so long since she had a shower. She rinses and feels so good it’s almost sensual. EXT. THE MCALLAN FARM — DAY Henry drives his tractor through thick mud. The crops hav grown-in but the field is flooded and in bad shape. Then tractor lurches and gets stuck. Henry puts it in reverse the tires just spin and dig deeper. Henry puts it in driv and tries the other direction. To no avail.
73) 8) dialog: Dammit.
79) 0) text: As Henry's car goes blazing by, swerving. INT. HENRY’S CAR (MOVING) - LATER Jamie dozing at the wheel. He awakes and jerks the truck toward the side of the road. Overshoots, and slips into a ditch. Jamie squinting, flailing, cursing as he strips th gears trying to free the truck.
80) 0) text: Sheriff Thacker knocking on the truck window. Jamie, red- eyed, stubbled, haggard shoulders a line of drool away. H wakes slowly, drags his sodden gaze to the window. Henry frowns over the Sheriff’s shoulder. Jamie shudders, strug with the car door. Sheriff helps rip it open. Jamie stumb into the light.
81) 0) text: Henry hammers repairs while Jamie finishes milking the co When Jamie stands he trips, falls and spills milk everywh Jamie laughs.
81) 1) dialog: You think it’s funny spilling good milk? 91.
81) 3) dialog: No, especially when it’s somebody else's. Jamie stops grinning and turns sarcastic as he reaches in his pocket and produces some coins and crumpled bills.
81) 5) dialog: For Christ’s sake, this ain’t about the money.
81) 7) dialog: For you to be a man!
81) 9) dialog: You're sure not acting like one. Disappear for days at a time doing whatever you damn well please. And when you are here, you’re drunk.
81) 11) dialog: You do when you live in my house and work on my farm.
81) 13) dialog: Well you sure as hell ain’t helping matters. It’s like having another goddamn child to look after.
81) 15) dialog: Watch your mouth.
81) 17) dialog: Know what? You be whatever kind of man you want. Just go do it someplace else.
81) 19) dialog: I don’t mean just for the night. In the morning I’m going to Greenville for a few days to see about some livestock. I’11 expect you gone when I get back. They hold a look, neither man seeing clearly through the of anger and pride. Then Henry leaves Jamie in his wake.
95) 12) dialog: Got back as soon as I could. If this keeps up we’ll have to replant. Almanac predicted--
95) 14) dialog: (re: Jamie’s bruises) What in the hell happened to you?
95) 16) dialog: What? Laura looks to Jamie. But Jamie just shakes his head and stares at his shoes.
95) 18) dialog: What? How?
95) 20) dialog: You alright? (off Jamie’s nod) I’m glad you're still here. Jamie nods then Henry hugs him. Jamie, racked with guilt pain, hugs back. PRELAP the RUMBLE of THUNDER and...
96) 1) dialog: Hap. Can you help us out here? We need to get this coffin in. Hap pulls his arm away and steps down. Florence spits ove the side of the wagon and glares at the McAllans.
96) 2) dialog: Thank you for stopping. Hap takes an end of the rope, Henry eyes Marlon.
96) 3) dialog: Maybe he can help too? 113.
96) 5) dialog: Okay. Henry takes two end of the rope, Hap and Jamie each take and they maneuver the coffin down into the hole. The coff touches bottom and they pull the ropes back up. Henry sta down at the coffin for a beat then:
96) 6) dialog: We forgot to bring a bible. Hap looks to the sky and cocks his head like he’s listeni to something. Then he bows it and pulls a small, tattered bible from inside his jacket.
96) 8) dialog: Thank you, Hap. But no.
96) 11) dialog: (after a begrudging beat) Go on then. Hap flips to a certain page as they all bow their heads. beat, then Hap closes the Bible and quotes from memory. H voice is strong and ringing. He’s not trying to comfort t bereaved. He’s sending Pappy to Hell:
99) 0) text: As Henry drives his tractor through the field:
99) 1) dialog: A few days after I lost my father, I lost my brother too. The girls took it hard. Frankly, so did I. But, Laura, she understood. (MORE )
99) 3) dialog: She knew Jamie needed to leave this place. Just like I knew she needed to. My family’s the only real thing that matters to me now.
100) 1) dialog: But I often miss my brother and find myself hoping he’1l come home someday. I just pray he’s not lost forever. Laura waddles out onto the porch and we see that she is V PREGNANT. Henry pulls up in his truck and gets out. The girls see Henry and run to him.