1) 0) text: The ash colored storm clouds make it look like night. Jam scrapes the muck off his shovel blade and resumes. The mu is so thick it’s like digging into raw meat. A distant lightning flash accompanied by THUNDER. Jamie u his urgency as he chops at the wet earth. An upside down face appears in the hole’s opening. It’s HENRY MCALLAN (Caucasian, late 40's), Jamie’s salt-of-the-earth, older brother. Henry is a man of few words who rarely smiles. They speak with the lilting garble of the Mississippi Del
1) 2) dialog: We ain’t gonna make it.
1) 4) dialog: We will. We have to. That was my brother, Henry: absolutely certain whatever he wanted to happen would. The weather would dry out in time to resow the cotton. Next year would be a better year. We would get this hole dug before the storm hit. (beat) And his little brother would never betray him. LIGHTNING and THUNDER. Jamie looks up and sees angry, bla clouds eating up the sky. Then from inside the hole we he a CLANG as Henry’s shovel hits something hard.
1) 6) dialog: What is it?
1) 10) dialog: You don’t know that.
1) 12) dialog: Settles what?
1) 14) dialog: We don’t have a choice. More LIGHTNING and THUNDER. The brothers hold a look. Henry knows Jamie is right.
1) 16) text: The hole has grown longer and deeper and is now a foot ov Jamie's head - a proper grave. Henry’s face appears in th opening of the hole:
1) 18) dialog: Henry! HENRY!! The rain falls harder as the storm hits it’s stride. And hole is already starting to fill with water. Jamie’s eyes grow wild as he suddenly throws himself against the walls like a trapped animal.
1) 20) dialog: 
1) 24) dialog: I thought maybe you decided to leave me down there.
1) 26) dialog: Come on. Let’s get this over with.
2) 0) text: ON PAPPY MCALLAN (60'S), eyes closed, his expression tranquil. He is dressed as we will see him throughout, in his Sunday best. WIDEN TO REVEAL Jamie and Henry standing over him. Henry pulls a sheet over Pappy’s face then rega the ramshackle coffin made of mismatched scrap wood.
2) 3) dialog: Right, wouldn’t want to hurt him.
2) 5) dialog: Sorry, brother. I’m just tired. With ludicrous care they lower the corpse into the box. Henry reaches for the lid and starts to put it on:
3) 0) text: The rain and wind have slowed down. ON A PAIR OF BOOTS as they trudge through thick, ankle-deep mud. WIDEN TO REVEA that the boots belong to LAURA MCALLAN (Caucasian, 30's). She follows Jamie and Henry who carry the coffin. Laura i more plain than pretty and there’s a tired strength in he eyes. She stumbles in the muck and we hear her VOICE OVER
3) 3) dialog: What if we stand at either end and run the ropes lengthwise?
7) 1) text: (checking his watch) Right on time. That’s rare for Jamie. Henry scans the crowd, smiles.
7) 3) dialog: You look good, brother.
7) 5) dialog: The air up here in Memphis agrees with you. (looking at Laura) Or is it something else? Jamie throws Laura a movie star smile. And she is immediately taken by his charm.
7) 8) dialog: The pleasure is all mine. With exaggerated gallantry, Jamie takes Laura’s offered h and kisses it.
7) 11) dialog: (forefinger in the air) Ah, but which play, dear brother? Hamlet? Faust? Prince Hal?
7) 13) dialog: What do you think, Miss Chappell?
7) 15) dialog: Dear lady, thou speakest right. I am that merry wanderer of the night.
7) 17) dialog: (mock despair) Lord what fools these mortals be. Despite being older, Henry has always been in Jamie’s sha
7) 19) dialog: A hobgoblin. Forgive me, I’m only trying to impress her.
7) 21) dialog: Good for her. Jamie smiles and winks at Laura.
8) 0) text: WELL-HEELED GUESTS lounging on Queen Anne couches. BLACK SERVANTS buzz about with trays. A BLACK BIG BAND plays something watered-down swing. 11. Laura, Henry and Jamie giggling in a lush nook. Jamie is story. Laura is rapt. Henry’s heard it.
8) 1) dialog: Next thing I knew I was sucked under, concussed and bleeding, I was as good as gone. Another victim of the great flood of twenty- seven.
8) 3) dialog: I saw a glimmering light. Like a fallen star. (wiggling his fingers) And a great big hand reached out of it. Thought it was God himself come to take me. But it wasn’t. It was my dear big brother, Henry.
8) 5) dialog: He is indeed.
8) 7) dialog: We've barely had any. Don’t worry Henry, I’ve got more stamina than you-— Jamie tips the servant’s hands, extends the pour.
8) 9) dialog: We'll have plenty of time later for you to evaluate my life choices, brother. Tonight, we celebrate. (raising his glass) Here’s to the future. Whatever it may hold. May you be blessed with happiness, health, prosperity and... (to Henry re: Laura) ...-if she’ll have you, maybe even a house full of children. My love to you both. Said genuinely. Laura is touched. Despite himself, Henry too. They clink glasses and drink.
8) 11) dialog: Would you mind terribly if I hada dance with your girl? (off Henry’s shrug) Miss Chappell? Care to take a spin? Laura looks to Henry, Henry nods.
8) 15) dialog: Excuse me. I’11 be back. Jamie moves off and Henry looks to Laura.
28) 0) text: On Jamie, blind-flying, cold wind whistling in through th window, snot and tears drying backwards over his face. Desperate as he struggles with the throttle of the shudde bomber, Jamie is splattered in blood and some of the cock windows have been shot out. Jamie looks over at his CO-PI who is slumped, dead and bloody. His eyes are drawn out the window, PARACHUTISTS escaping another plane. Jamie rolls his plane away from the sound gunfire. The parachutists are shot limp, dead men floatin gently on full sails. Jamie’s eyes brush a blood splattered picture of a pin-up girl stuck to the co-pilot’s side of the dashboard. It’s pretty red-head and there are handwritten words that read ‘LADY LUCK’. Off Jamie’s hand wrestling with the shaking throttle...
29) 0) text: Jamie stares at the co-pilot’s empty bunk across from him The bed is neatly made. There’s a black and white photo o woman holding an infant among other personal effects. Laughter and carousing from OTHER SOLDIERS outside the th walls. Jamie pours himself a drink with a shaking hand, a lonely toast to surviving. Jamie is red-eyed, fights tear as we PRELAP the GROWL OF AN ENGINE...
55) 3) dialog: You look good, brother.
55) 5) text: Don’t sugarcoat it now. 67. Laura edges closer with Amanda Leigh and Isabelle, she ho out her hands for a squeeze. Jamie smiles, scoops her int hug instead.
55) 6) dialog: Laura. Sweet sister-in-law.
55) 8) dialog: How are you liking it here in Henry’s version of paradise? Laura starts to answer but is spared from having to lie b
55) 10) dialog: Dearest Pappy. I’d forgotten how much I missed you. Said with a cut of sarcasm as Jamie shakes Pappy’s hand.
55) 12) dialog: I bet. And he probably quit smoking and joined the NAACP too. Laura laughs and Jamie winks at her. Pappy doesn’t apprec the joke. Then Jamie smiles at Amanda Leigh and Isabelle.
55) 13) dialog: Well hello little ones. Give your uncle Jamie a hug. The girls run and jump into his arms.
56) 0) text: The jitter of Jamie’s hand as he cradles a lit cigarette. pours a drink and finishes in a single draught. Pappy tak note, doesn’t hide his disdain. Henry pretends not to see 68.
56) 2) dialog: I wouldn’t know.
56) 4) dialog: I was lucky. Lotta guys weren't.
56) 9) dialog: I don’t know.
56) 11) dialog: I don’t know. Why’s it matter?
56) 13) dialog: I can tell you this. (beat) It was more than one.
56) 17) dialog: I'll just finish my drink. then smirks: Then there is Pappy absorbs this, grabs a lantern and shuffles out. Jam slugs back his whiskey. His eyes flick back to the bottle Henry grabs it and moves it out of range.
56) 20) dialog: Actually it was more like four.
56) 22) dialog: Miles up in the air. The altitude we dropped bombs from.
56) 24) dialog: You'd be surprised. Roads, cities, factories. Just not people. From twenty thousand feet they’re not even ants. (beat) Pappy’s right. A man ought to know. Jamie is haunted. Henry is concerned. INT. TRICKLEBANK’'S GENERAL STORE - DAY Rose Tricklebank takes her time bagging groceries for Jam Jamie is polite, but curt as his eyes are on his freshly purchased bottle of bourbon.
56) 26) dialog: Coupl’a weeks.
56) 28) dialog: Lovely little town. Just lovely. Tricklebank moves to bag the bourbon, but Jamie intervene
56) 29) dialog: Oh, I got that one. Let’s just put that right here. Jamie puts the bottle in a convenient spot, hurriedly sho in the remaining provisions.
56) 30) dialog: There we go. Much obliged, Miz Tricklebank. You have yourself a wonderful day. Jamie smiles, grabs his stuff and heads out. 71.
56) 34) dialog: Dammit.
56) 36) dialog: You’re Ronsel, Hap’s boy. (off Ronsel’s nod) Jamie McAllan. Henry’s brother. Jamie offers a hand shake. Ronsel is surprised by the sho of respect, but he obliges.
56) 37) dialog: You walk here?
56) 39) dialog: I‘1l give you a lift. (off Ronsel’s reluctance) C'mon. 72.
57) 0) text: Jamie steals looks at Ronsel through the back window, squ with guilt. Memories of the B25 echo in his ears. Ronsel oblivious to it, chasing his daydreams flitting across th landscape. Jamie pulls over.
57) 1) dialog: Come on up front.
57) 3) dialog: Get in soldier! That’s an order! A beat, then the truck rocks as Ronsel hops off and gets the passenger side.
57) 5) dialog: I was a captain.
57) 7) dialog: (shrugging) You obeyed my order. Bet you were a sergeant.
57) 9) dialog: I flew B-25's. Jamie reaches into the grocery bag between them and takes the bourbon bottle. He uncorks it then takes a long, much needed swig and drives on. 73.
57) 10) dialog: So, sergeant, how do you like being back here in the Delta? Ronsel doesn’t answer, he just looks away.
57) 11) dialog: Yeah, me too. (beat) Heard you and my Pappy had words.
57) 13) dialog: He’s a disagreeable sonovabitch. I’m sure he had it coming. (offering the bourbon) Here’s to you.
57) 15) dialog: You always this stubborn? Or is it just around white people trying to be nice? Ronsel eyes Jamie, then he grabs the bottle, takes a quic sip and tries to hand it back.
57) 16) dialog: What kind of NCO are you? Then Ronsel takes a big swig. So big it makes him choke a spill a little. Jamie laughs:
57) 17) dialog: Don’t waste it now. That’s my medicine. I need every drop. Ronsel admits a slight grin as he recovers and hands the bottle back. Jamie takes a pull, then:
57) 18) dialog: Hey, you tanker boys ever piss in your helmets?
57) 20) dialog: We had relief tubes up in the cockpit but sometimes it was easier just to use our flak helmets. And at twenty thousand feet? That piss freezes solid in less than minute.
57) 22) dialog: I’m talking twenty, thirty below zero. And one time we were on this long haul and I went in my helmet and forgot all about it. Then when we got close to the target, I put the helmet back on. And we're doing our bombing run, dodging enemy flak and suddenly I feel something running down my face. They both laugh as Jamie passes the bottle back to Ronsel
57) 23) dialog: I smelled like a damn latrine.
57) 25) dialog: My buddies never let me hear the end of it. (beat) The ones that made it back anyway.
57) 28) dialog: You’re welcome. 75. EXT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN —- DAY - SIMULATANEOUS Hap, having heard truck, comes out of the shack. Jamie ro the window down and smiles drunkenly.
57) 30) dialog: Everything's fine. I just gave Ronsel here a lift from town. Ronsel rounds the truck, makes his way up the porch stair
57) 31) dialog: I'll be heading into town again next Saturday afternoon. I’11 stop by, see if you want a ride.
57) 33) dialog: (a nod) Hap. Then Jamie pulls out and weaves off down the road. Off Ha worried, as he looks at Ronsel...
61) 0) text: Jamie and Ronsel stumble from the truck to the dilapidate saw mill. Ronsel hesitates.
61) 1) dialog: C'mon, now, we’re clear of town, nobody’s out here. (with a bourbon bottle) Don’t make me drink alone. I will if I have to. Ronsel prys at a loose board.
62) 0) text: Jamie and Ronsel shimmy in through a ragged gap. It’s old decrepit and laden with cobwebs. Shafts of sunlight jut i through the wooden slats.
62) 2) dialog: Well I love what you’ve done with the place. Jamie offers Ronsel a smoke. Ronsel accepts and Jamie lig his own then tosses Ronsel the lighter. Ronsel lights up tosses the lighter back.
62) 4) dialog: Because you look like you could use it.
62) 6) dialog: We were somewhere over Austria and we made contact with a swarm of Messerschmitts. They were everywhere.
63) 0) text: It’s bumpy as Jamie holds the plane on course. Suddenly bullets rip through the cockpit and the co-pilot gets shredded. Blood splatters on Jamie and on the “LADY LUCK” pin-up girl. Jamie is horrified and we hear his VOICE OVE
63) 1) dialog: Took out my tail gunner, side gunner...my co-pilot. Made a deal with God right there. (MORE )
63) 3) dialog: Swore if he saved me I was gonna do something right. I didn’t know what, but I promised anyway.
64) 1) dialog: Next thing you know, whole bunch of P-38's show up. Just like the goddamn cavalry. They knocked those Germans right outta the sky. I swear they were angels sent by the Lord himself.
65) 0) text: Jamie holds the plane on it’s shaky course. Then he looks out to his left and sees a U.S. fighter plane come close.
65) 1) dialog: Those P-38’s, their tails were painted red. And one of ‘em, he buzzed me after the fight. When I looked over I thought I was seeing things. But that fighter pilot? He was colored. The fighter pilot looks at Jamie and salutes. Jamie retur the favor. Then the fighter plane rolls and peels off.
66) 1) dialog: Then he saluted me. And I saluted back. (beat) Men who died that day... They were fathers. Husbands. Good men. Lot better than me. Jamie steeps in his survivor guilt. Ronsel hands him the bottle and he drinks. They trade a look, a bond forming. 80.
73) 0) text: Jamie hoists Amanda Leigh high over a new wooden stall. There’s a rope attached to a bucket and pulley contraptio mounted up top.
73) 1) dialog: Easy now. 84. Amanda Leigh drops lavender bunches into the bucket of wa
73) 3) dialog: (to the girls re: Laura) I thought y’all were supposed to keep a look out and tell me if she was coming. (then to Laura) Surprise! Thought you might like a little privacy every now and then. Well, what do you think? Laura stares at it, truly touched by the gesture.
77) 0) text: Jamie lights a cigarette and Ronsel sips from the bottle. They're both drunk. It’s hot in here and the sunlit smoke hangs on the humid air. 87.
77) 2) dialog: Don’t be impressed. I got it for being stupid.
77) 4) dialog: I almost drowned in a flood when I was a kid. Since then, baths, swimming pools, any kind of water I hate it. And this one mission I changed course so we wouldn’t be over the water so long. And, as luck would have it, we ran smack dab into some enemy flak. A lot of it. But I managed to hit the target and bring us all back.
77) 6) dialog: Damnedest thing, ain’t it? They share a laugh and a drink, then:
77) 7) dialog: You ever miss it sometimes? Being over there? I don’t mean getting shot at, but... I actually miss it.
77) 9) dialog: Miss some of the guys too.
77) 11) dialog: Seeing different parts of the world. (smiling) (MORE)
77) 13) dialog: Italian girls. English girls. Ronsel leaks a smile.
77) 15) dialog: (beat) You ever been with a white girl?
77) 17) dialog: Well I’11 be damned.
77) 19) dialog: German girls too, huh?
77) 21) dialog: Uh oh, I’ve seen that look before. She must’a been something special.
78) 0) text: Laura exits the house into the moonlight. She is startled when she nearly trips over Jamie, who is passed out with empty bottle of bourbon. Fully clothed and breathing heav from drink, he is peaceful and pitiful all at once.
78) 1) dialog: Nonono, I can’t swim! I can’t swim! Laura turns and sees Jamie writhing in his sleep:
78) 2) dialog: NO! AHHHH! AHHHHH!!!! Jamie! Jamie wake up! Laura shakes him hard. Jamie shoots to upright, eyes darting. Then he looks to Laura as the sense creeps back into him. A beat, then he starts crying. She pulls him to her and he sinks into her arms. After a few moments, Henry appears in the doorway. Neithe Laura nor Jamie notice him. Henry says nothing. He just stands there watching their embrace, jealousy in his eyes Eventually, Henry moves back into the house. Then Jamie rips himself away from Laura’s embrace:
78) 3) dialog: I gotta get outta here.
79) 0) text: As Henry's car goes blazing by, swerving. INT. HENRY’S CAR (MOVING) - LATER Jamie dozing at the wheel. He awakes and jerks the truck toward the side of the road. Overshoots, and slips into a ditch. Jamie squinting, flailing, cursing as he strips th gears trying to free the truck.
79) 1) dialog: 
80) 0) text: Sheriff Thacker knocking on the truck window. Jamie, red- eyed, stubbled, haggard shoulders a line of drool away. H wakes slowly, drags his sodden gaze to the window. Henry frowns over the Sheriff’s shoulder. Jamie shudders, strug with the car door. Sheriff helps rip it open. Jamie stumb into the light.
80) 2) dialog: I’m sorry. Henry shakes his head in disgust.
81) 0) text: Henry hammers repairs while Jamie finishes milking the co When Jamie stands he trips, falls and spills milk everywh Jamie laughs.
81) 2) dialog: (slurring) Well you know what they say, no use crying over it.
81) 4) dialog: I see. What do I owe you, Henry? About a dollar and a half? Let’s just say two to be safe. Jamie pushes the money at him. Henry slaps his hand away the money goes flying. A clumsy, half-hearted fist-fight.
81) 6) dialog: Then what do you want from me?
81) 8) dialog: One pail of spilled milk and I’m not a man?
81) 10) dialog: I don’t answer to you.
81) 12) dialog: Oh, well I’m real sorry about that Mr. Boss man. But don’t take it out on me because your little farmer dream ain’t working. Ain’t my fault your crops are getting flooded out. 92.
81) 14) dialog: You need to open your eyes, big brother. You’re so busy walking around here like God almighty, so wrapped up in yourself and your damn farm you can’t even see your own wife is miserable.
81) 16) dialog: Or what? Henry clenches his fists and squares up. Jamie stands his ground. But Henry restrains himself.
81) 18) dialog: Fine, I’1l go to town.
82) 0) text: As Jamie packs his things, frustrated, angry. He reacts w Laura knocks at his open doorway.
82) 2) dialog: Uh...no. 93.
82) 4) dialog: Out west probably. Gotta buddy from the war who lives in Los Angeles.
82) 6) dialog: He didn’t tell you?
82) 8) dialog: Henry. He kicked me out.
82) 10) dialog: He asked me to leave. I probably had it coming.
82) 12) dialog: No, Laura. He’s more than just sore. And it’s probably for the best.
82) 14) dialog: Of course. First bus out doesn’t leave ‘til two.
82) 16) dialog: I‘1l talk to them.
82) 17) text: Jamie keeps packing. The suddenness of this new reality i bitter prospect for Laura.
82) 19) dialog: I'll go down to the river and find the girls. And Pappy... I’1l just leave him a note.
82) 21) dialog: Laura, I can’t stay here. I feel like I’m suffocating. I can’t explain it...
83) 0) text: The grey horizon hints at a coming storm. Ronsel walks along, a swirl of emotion, shaking his head in disbelief he reads the letter. Then he reacts to the rising sound of an APPROACHING TRUC He quickly shoves the letter into his pockets. The truck moving fast. The glint from the windshield prevents us fr seeing the driver. But we hear the engine rev higher as h steps on the gas. Ronsel moves to the shoulder of the road. But the truck swerves in his direction and bears down on him. Ronsel ru and dives into a ditch just as the truck rumbles up and s to a fast stop. Then, surprisingly, Jamie tumbles out, laughing and drunk. He’s got a bottle of whiskey and he looks like absolute hell.
83) 1) dialog: You should’a seen the look on your face.
83) 3) dialog: Actually, my friend, it was indeed. 96. Ronsel gets up and brushes himself off. Jamie is still smiling. Then soon, Ronsel can’t help but smile too.
83) 5) dialog: Can’t argue with that. No, sir. Jamie takes a pull from the bottle and plops to the groun mess. Ronsel sees the state he’s in.
83) 7) dialog: What’s the worst thing you ever did?
83) 9) dialog: No, I mean something that hurt somebody real bad. And you knew it was gonna hurt ‘em, but you did it anyway. This time Ronsel gets quiet for a long beat. Then he pull out the letter and a photo and hands it to Jamie.
83) 11) dialog: Well, I’ll be. Congratulations. You're a father.
83) 13) dialog: Franz. That’s a good name. (then) So that’s the German girl. 97. Ronsel nods and we finally see the photo. It is of Resl holding a swaddled baby. Jamie hands the photo back to Ronsel and holds up the bottle:
83) 14) dialog: Well this calls for a celebration. Here’s to Franz. Jamie takes a swig and hands Ronsel the bottle.
83) 16) dialog: So what the hell are you gonna do?
83) 18) dialog: Long way off. Ronsel nods, he knows. Jamie stares into the distance as Ronsel stares at Franz. Then:
83) 20) dialog: Who me? I’m a saint.
83) 22) dialog: It don't mean a thing if it ain't got that swing. (MORE )
83) 24) dialog: Doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo- ah, doo-ah, doo-ah. It don't mean a thing all you got -- They both react to an approaching car and stop singing.
83) 25) dialog: Oh shit, put your head down. Ronsel ducks. The dust makes it hard to see but the road narrow and soon they pass the oncoming car. Orris drives Pappy rides shotgun. Jamie looks forward and Ronsel keeps his head low. Pappy and Orris crane their necks as the vehicles cross.
83) 27) dialog: Don’t know. INT. HENRY’S PICK-UP TRUCK - DAY Jamie and Ronsel pull up to the Jackson’s shack, both dru
83) 28) dialog: Here we are. (beat) I'll be leaving town soon and... Well, good luck to you. You’ve been a friend. I want you to know that.
83) 30) dialog: Hope you find a way to your...to your boy...to your... family.
83) 32) dialog: You too. They hold a look, friends. Jamie extends a hand. They sha 99. INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAY The RUMBLE OF DISTANT THUNDER. Florence flinches when Ron enters, wobbly and high.
84) 0) text: The threat of thunder has turned into reality of pounding rain. Ronsel runs to the spot where he told Jamie about t letter. He looks around desperately. He finds the empty whiskey bottle with the label Jamie picked off.
85) 5) dialog: Well, hello, dear family.
85) 9) dialog: Hello, son. I’m glad to see you.
85) 11) dialog: Ronsel Jackson. What's it to you?
85) 13) dialog: Because I was giving him a ride.
85) 15) dialog: He can ride wherever I say. Anything else?
85) 18) dialog: Yeah. I do. Jamie wobbles.
85) 24) dialog: Pappy. 102.
87) 0) text: Rain beats on the roof as Jamie sleeps on his cot. A beat then he is poked awake by Pappy’s cane. Jamie bolts up, startled to see Pappy. Orris Stokes and the Sheriff are behind him in white robes.
87) 1) dialog: What the hell’s going on?
88) 0) text: Hard rain. Orris Stokes’ car pulls up and stops among som other parked cars. Jamie, Pappy, and Orris Stokes get out and move towards the saw mill. We can see torch lights coming from inside the mill. As they go, the Sheriff and Stokes don their white hoods. This gives Jamie pause and stops. But Stokes shoves him along.
89) 1) dialog: What’s going on here, Pappy?
89) 4) dialog: Good Lord. Turn him loose.
89) 6) dialog: Like hell I will. Turn him loose, dammit. Stokes pulls his pistol and levels it at Jamie:
89) 8) dialog: I ain’t your son. And I suggest you either use that thing or point it elsewhere. Jamie readies lunge at Stokes.
89) 13) dialog: What the hell do you fellows care about some Kraut whore?
89) 16) dialog: Those Fraulein cunts got a lot of our boys killed. If Ronsel here left her with a little half-breed bundle of joy to remind her of it, I call it justice. Jamie’s logic lands for a moment and there’s hope.
89) 18) dialog: How do you even know that Ronsel here, is the father?
89) 20) dialog: That doesn’t mean a damn thing. 105.
89) 25) dialog: Have you all lost your damn minds?! Killing a decorated soldier over an enemy whore?! The man fought for Patton for Godsakes --
89) 27) dialog: You turn him loose now and maybe I won't go to the law. Otherwise, I swear, you better kill us both. Stokes can’t believe the nerve of Jamie and he moves towa him with the gun.
89) 29) dialog: Do it. Go on. 105A. The entire room hangs on the tension for a long beat. The quick as a cat, Jamie swipes the gun with one hand and PUNCHES Stokes in the mouth with the other. Stokes’s head snaps back and he stumbles backwards and falls. Jamie quickly turns to Dex who has the shotgun. 106.
89) 30) dialog: Drop it, Dex! Dex hesitates and Jamie cocks the hammer.
89) 31) dialog: 
89) 34) dialog: Shut up, old man.
89) 37) dialog: Stop right there. I’m warning you.
90) 0) text: Jamie is awakened by a bucket of cold rain water. He is bruised, blurry and dazed. But as focus restores he sees mass of white hoods staring down at him. Among the hoods is Pappy’s face. Jamie recoils and tries push him away but his hands are tied behind his back. Pap yanks him upright and props him against the wall. Jamie s that Ronsel now hangs from a cross-beam, naked and bloodi
90) 4) dialog: (re: Ronsel) Just let him go.
90) 10) dialog: I won't do it. 108.
90) 12) dialog: No. Stokes unsheathes a HUNTING KNIFE:
90) 15) dialog: No...
90) 17) dialog: Alright! Alright... Jamie locks eyes with Ronsel. This is an impossible choic
91) 0) text: Jamie is thrown onto his bed, wet, beaten and unconscious Pappy and Orris Stokes glower above him. Stokes drifts ou Pappy frozen, staring at Jamie. He removes his son’s boot Throws a horse blanket over him. Jamie sputters in his sl A confusion of feelings mottle Pappy’s face.
93) 0) text: Driving rain and howling wind outside. Pappy sleeps peacefully, his breathing deep and steady. A LIGHTNING FL accompanied by THUNDER briefly ILLUMINATES the room. Several beats, then more THUNDER and LIGHTNING and we see Jamie standing by Pappy’s bedside. He stares at Pappy as clinches the pillow in his hands. Then finally he shakes Pappy violently:
93) 1) dialog: Wake up. Pappy jerks awake and squints up at Jamie:
93) 3) dialog: I wanted to make sure I looked you in the eye. With that Jamie shoves the pillow onto Pappy’s face. Papp thrashes and claws. Jamie presses harder. Then soon the thrashing weakens. Pappy’s leg kicks become twitches and hands loose from Jamie's. And then Pappy is still. Jamie holds the pillow there for several more beats. Then, slow he pulls it from Pappy’s face. Pappy’s eyes are wide and mouth agape. 110.
95) 0) text: Where Laura KNOCKS on the door. No answer. Perplexed, she pushes the door open and enters She reacts when she sees Pappy eyes wide open, lifeless a frozen in shock. Then she reaches out, touches his skin a quickly recoils from the cold. She scans Jamie’s empty bed. Something on the floor catch her eye. She reaches down and picks it up. It’s Pappy’s white hood. Laura holds it up and sees the eye holes and realizes.
95) 1) dialog: It’s exactly what you think it is. Laura sees Jamie sitting in the corner clutching the pill he smothered Pappy with. She reacts to his beat up face:
95) 3) dialog: Thy got Ronsel. I tried to stop it... there were too many of them... lll.
95) 5) dialog: They made me choose.
95) 7) dialog: I had to.
96) 10) dialog: I say we let him.
96) 15) dialog: Amen. Henry is silent. His head still down, he starts shovellin angry mounds of dirt onto the grave. Hap tips his hat and makes for the wagon.
96) 16) dialog: Hap, wait. Jamie moves to where the tarp hangs. He can’t see inside, but he knows who’s in there:
96) 17) dialog: Give this to Ronsel? If you see him. Jamie pulls out the photo of Resl and Franz. Florence rea out and takes the photo. Jamie and Florence hold a long look. Jamie’s eyes well up with guilt. Hap manages a forgiving nod then spurs the mule on. Off Jamie watching them go...he looks back at his brother shovelling dirt. L eyes plead with him. Jamie turns away and keeps on walkin lone man on a muddy road.
97) 0) text: Jamie, small pack slung over his shoulder walks through t grand lobby. He reaches into a pocket, pulls out a flask takes a couple swigs.
97) 1) dialog: Whenever Ronsel enters my mind I hope that he is well. We STAY WITH him as he moves outside to... Sunshine. Palm trees. A clear view of the mountains in the distance. Jam squints. The dry heat feels good on his face. Then as he moves off:
97) 2) dialog: And I hope that my Pappy’s untimely death brought the Jackson family some measure of peace. Though I must admit, it brings me none.
98) 1) dialog: I just thank God I still have room in my heart for hope of any kind. 1940's LA noir style. As Jamie smokes a cigarette at an o window with a blinking sign out front. A PRETTY WOMAN pou bourbon. It’s a hot night and she crosses naked to the be with two sweating glasses. Jamie draws on his cigarette t follows her to the bed.
98) 2) dialog: But until then I am content to stay perpetually numb. All the while hoping that by some miracle my friend, Ronsel, found happiness. Off Jamie drinking...and hoping.
102) 3) dialog: .--give this to him...if you see him again? Pooled rain drips down from a tarp, through the cracks on Ronsel’s closed eyes.