3) 0) text: The rain and wind have slowed down. ON A PAIR OF BOOTS as they trudge through thick, ankle-deep mud. WIDEN TO REVEA that the boots belong to LAURA MCALLAN (Caucasian, 30's). She follows Jamie and Henry who carry the coffin. Laura i more plain than pretty and there’s a tired strength in he eyes. She stumbles in the muck and we hear her VOICE OVER
3) 1) dialog: When I think of the farm I think of mud. Encrusting knees and hair. Marching in boot shaped patches across the floor. I dreamed in brown. The procession arrives at the grave. Henry and Jamie set coffin down and work ropes underneath it as Laura looks o The ropes slip, the coffin tumbles to the ground. Wood GROANS and there’s a loud CRACK from inside.
3) 5) dialog: The Jacksons. As the wagon gets closer we see the JACKSONS: HAP and FLORENCE ride up front with their youngest RUEL (10). Beh them their children, MARLON (15) and LILLY MAY (12). Henr moves towards them:
3) 6) dialog: Henry, don’t.
3) 8) dialog: Just let them go.
3) 12) dialog: I was a thirty one year old virgin when I met Henry McAllan in the Spring of 1939.
4) 0) text: ON LAURA, mud-free and squeaky clean. She is smiling coyl and we WIDEN TO REVEAL that she’s sitting across from Hen who is quiet and inscrutable throughout. The other guests the dinner table: Laura’s brother, TEDDY (late 20’s) and MOTHER and FATHER (50's). This place is a sharp contrast the farm. It’s light and pristine with clean napkins and crisp, white shirts. Laura’s V.O.:
4) 1) dialog: I lived with my parents in the house I grew up in. My world was small and he was my rescuer from a life in the margins. Laura’s mother has sniffed out the sparks between Laura a Henry. Mom gives Henry the hard sell with a smile as Laur squirms in the spotlight. LAURA’S MOTHER Oh, an engineering degree from Ole Miss? Laura’s a college graduate, got her teaching certificate from West Tennessee State.
4) 3) dialog: Momma. LAURA’S MOTHER How about that hymn y’all did at service last Sunday? Or Ave Maria, that’s beautiful.
4) 4) dialog: Momma.
4) 6) dialog: I’m quite sure that Teddy did not bring his new boss, Mr. McAllan, over to hear hymns. LAURA’S MOTHER Well, let’s ask him then. Mr. McAllan, would you like to hear some music later? Eyes turn to Henry as he finishes a bite of food and wipe his mouth.
4) 8) text: Laura opens the door to REVEAL Henry with a bouquet of flowers. She smiles, surprised.
4) 9) dialog: I was unused to male admiration and knew only that I wanted more. It was at least a reprieve from the sincere pity and insincere kindness directed at old maids.
5) 0) text: Laura and Henry gazing at the big screen. She steals a glance at him.
5) 1) dialog: He didn’t feel the need to fill the air with words like I did. He had the self confidence I lacked. He was, after all, a veteran of the Great War.
6) 0) text: Henry and Laura walk hand in hand. The dogwood trees are blooming and flurries of white petals flit on gentle bree Henry picks a petal out of Laura’s hair and they hold a l
6) 1) dialog: Though he never spoke of it, his limp was a constant reminder of his brave sacrifice. I can’t say that I was truly in love with him, but I was so grateful to him it dwarfed everything else... Henry takes her face in his hands, grinds a kiss onto her mouth. Laura recovers, tries a smile, waits for some tenderness, a grand romantic declaration--
7) 0) text: Laura and Henry in the center of the BUZZING terminal. La is dressed for the occasion. Henry paces, excited. A LOUDSPEAKER announces the train’s arrival.
7) 7) dialog: Pleased to meet you.
7) 10) dialog: Henry tells me you’re studying theater at Ole Miss. 10.
7) 14) dialog: I think you’re more of a Puck. Jamie is impressed and the dazzle in his smile shows it.
7) 18) dialog: Puck’s a kind of mischievous sprite.
8) 0) text: WELL-HEELED GUESTS lounging on Queen Anne couches. BLACK SERVANTS buzz about with trays. A BLACK BIG BAND plays something watered-down swing. 11. Laura, Henry and Jamie giggling in a lush nook. Jamie is story. Laura is rapt. Henry’s heard it.
8) 2) dialog: I can’t believe you never told me this. (to Jamie) Then what happened?
8) 4) dialog: (smiling to Henry) You saved his life. You’re a hero.
8) 10) dialog: Ooh, bubbly. Just then the band switches the beat and ups volume. It’s time to dance. As couples start to move to the dance floo Jamie looks to Henry:
8) 13) dialog: Jamie saw in a different way. When his eyes were on me, I felt like I was no longer invisible. Laura and Jamie lock eyes and the connection is overwhelm The envious eyes of other women in the room. Laura shrugs off Henry’s questioning gaze. The song ends. Laura is breathless.
8) 17) dialog: Thank you.
8) 19) dialog: I’m sure he doesn’t dislike anyone.
8) 21) dialog: Henry's marriage proposal didn’t play out like I'd pictured it would. He wasn’t kneeling and the question actually came out as more of a statement. Henry wasn’t a romantic. He was made of sturdier stuff. But he was a good, hard working man. And he loved me. And I knew that he would provide, be true, and give me children. And for that, I could certainly love him in return. Laura steals glances at Jamie dancing and smiling.
8) 23) dialog: I loved domestic life. Then, in a MONTAGE we see Laura around the house cooking, ironing, cleaning and being domestic.
8) 24) dialog: Yielding to Henry and waiting for him to come home to me was what I'd been put on earth to do. CUT TO: Laura holding INFANT AMANDA LEIGH as they finish dinner . Henry insists that she stay seated as he cleans up the dishes.
8) 25) dialog: And when Amanda Leigh was born I became hers completely. Another CUT and Laura plays blocks on the floor with now ONE-YEAR-OLD AMANDA LEIGH while Henry tunes the radio.
8) 26) dialog: But then came the day that changed everything. Forever... We PUSH IN on the radio as we hear Franklin Delano Roosev
10) 0) text: Henry, Laura, 2 YEAR OLD AMANDA LEIGH, and INFANT ISABELL finish breakfast. Henry kisses all his girls good-bye. He rolls a sheath of BLUEPRINTS, stuffs them in a tube stamp ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS. Grabs a construction helmet.
12) 0) text: Sunlight beams through stained glass and a preacher resid over a small congregation. Henry, Laura, Amanda Leigh (4) and Isabelle (2), walk down the aisle followed by Pappy. HENRY’S MOTHER lies in repose. Laura moves past the caske quickly with the children in tow.
13) 0) text: Where Henry and Laura make love. Henry climaxes, then slo rolls off of her. They both catch their breath and stare the ceiling for several post-coital beats, then:
13) 3) dialog: When did you do this?
13) 5) dialog: But we love this house.
13) 7) dialog: Pappy?
13) 11) dialog: What truck?
13) 14) dialog: I'm mighty surprised.
13) 16) dialog: No, Henry. I had no idea. I would’ve remembered that.
13) 18) dialog: What about my family?
13) 20) dialog: I mean my mother and father.
13) 22) dialog: But...three weeks?
14) 0) text: We find the McAllan convoy leaving town. Laura drives the DeSoto sedan with Isabelle and Amanda Leigh. Henry and Pa are in a pick-up truck packed full of belongings includin Laura’s piano.
16) 0) text: It’s even more charming than Henry described. The process unfolds from the caravan. Henry watches Laura as she takes it in. She looks at Henr and softens, the house is lovely. He moves to her and tak her hand as they walk towards their new home.
16) 2) dialog: I see, honey. (to Henry) You didn’t tell me we had azaleas.
16) 4) dialog: She's done in. Let’s get inside.
19) 0) text: The bridge spans a small river. As the two-car convoy dri over the creaky structure Henry leans his head out the wi and shouts back to Laura in the DeSoto.
21) 0) text: The house is a large rickety shack with a deserted air. I has a warped tin roof and shuttered windows with neither glass nor screens. A porch runs the length of the house a connects it to a small lean-to. There is a dirt yard with pump. A barn, pig wallow, chicken coop and a pasture. The two car convoy rolls to a ragged stop. Henry, Laura, Pappy, Hap, Amanda Leigh and Isabelle pile out. Laura is mortified. So is Pappy. Amanda Leigh goes running.
21) 4) dialog: I'm fine, thank you. Henry swoops Amanda Leigh into his arms and continues, th it’s more for Laura’s benefit: 28.
21) 10) dialog: Okay, sweetheart, come on. Laura starts heading towards the house but Henry stops he
21) 12) dialog: Around back?
22) 0) text: The roof leaks in several spots. Henry and Hap back in wi Laura’s piano. Pappy sits on a rocking chair, smoking as watches.
22) 2) dialog: The girls are done in. I need their blankets. As Laura tries to get to a particular chest she accidenta knocks over a box of books and they go tumbling out. Hap rushes over and helps pick the books up.
22) 3) dialog: Just stack them in the corner.
22) 5) dialog: You can read?
22) 13) dialog: Let me get the girls to bed first--
22) 15) dialog: Guess we'll have to put you in the lean-to?
22) 17) dialog: Henry, please--
22) 21) dialog: We. Need. The. Piano.
22) 24) dialog: I don’t want a bedroom in the middle of the living room.
22) 27) dialog: When you told me you were bringing to this Godforsaken place, I barely said a word. When you informed me that he was coming to live with us, I went along.
22) 29) dialog: And when Orris Stokes told you you'd been fleeced by that man you rented the house from, I kept my mouth shut. But I_am telling you now, we are not getting rid of that piano. It’s the one civilized thing in this place. So your father can either sleep in the lean-to or he can sleep in the bed with you, because I am not staying here without my piano. A silent showdown with Henry and Laura.
22) 31) dialog: No. I’m not.
33) 0) text: Where Henry busts in to find Laura tending to Amanda Leig and Isabelle. Isabelle is lethargic, sweaty and wheezing her lips are blue. Amanda Leigh is more alert but coughin badly. Laura is frantic:
33) 1) dialog: It’s whooping cough. Go bring the doctor. And tell your father to put water on to boil. (off Henry’s pause) Go!
38) 2) dialog: Who’s this, Henry? Where’s the doctor? 40.
38) 4) dialog: Do you see anybody giving birth here?
38) 6) dialog: These children need a doctor, not some granny with a bag of potions.
38) 9) dialog: How?
38) 14) dialog: I should have taken them to the doctor as soon as they started coughing. If anything happens...
39) 4) dialog: There’s drinking water in the pail by the sink. (then to Florence) The girls are finally sleeping. After you finish the broth you should go on home, Florence. 42.
39) 6) dialog: We'll make room for you here.
39) 8) dialog: Florence, why don’t you go check on the girls? Florence moves into the GIRLS’ BEDROOM.
39) 9) dialog: We can’t send her home to infect her own family.
39) 11) dialog: They’re asleep. And now your father is proposing we send Florence home.
39) 14) dialog: How could you suggest such a thing in this cold?
39) 16) dialog: For the last few hours her place has been by your granddaughters’ bedside. Which is more than I can say for you. She sleeps here. Amanda Leigh starts coughing. Laura goes to her. Pappy glowers. 43. INT. THE MCALLAN FARM HOUSE/GIRLS’ ROOM - DAY The room is dark until Florence opens a shutter and sunli breaks through. Amanda Leigh and Isabelle are sleeping comfortably in their beds. As Florence tidies up, Amanda Leigh's eyes flutter open and squint against the daylight
40) 0) text: Where Florence quickly packs her things, anxious to get h Laura and Henry are in the kitchen area talking quietly. Pappy is sitting by a table, smoking.
40) 2) dialog: We can’t thank you enough for your help, Florence.
40) 4) dialog: We have some good news for you. (off Florence) We'd like to offer you a job. Working here. For me. I’11 need help with the girls, cooking, cleaning, that sort of thing. Florence flicks a look to Pappy, reeling at the prospect dealing with him every day.
40) 5) dialog: It means extra money for you and your family.
40) 6) text: Laura smiles, waiting for Florence to leap at the opportunity. Off Florence, not leaping...
45) 1) dialog: What do you mean Florence isn’t coming back?
45) 3) dialog: Where’s Hap?
45) 5) dialog: No you didn’t. Henry? I need help with the girls. Can’t you lend them a mule?
45) 7) dialog: Hap hurt himself working for us-- 51.
45) 10) dialog: I just think--
45) 12) dialog: He kept the money in a strongbox under the floorboards of our bedroom.
46) 1) dialog: Eight. Thirty. Sixty Two. The date the Confederate forces crushed the Union Army in the Battle of Richmond. Laura's fingers spin the dial and open the box. A stack o wrinkled cash.
46) 2) dialog: I don’t think he knew that I knew the combination.
47) 0) text: Laura lying on her back, her gown below her knees 53.
47) 1) dialog: Henry stayed mad at me. And he showed it by ignoring me in our bed. Henry clomps in, pretends not to see her. Laura hoists he gown up to her thighs.
47) 2) dialog: I hadn't always enjoyed Henry's lovemaking, but it made me feel like a true wife. He liked to do it at night with one candle. That was his signal, the rasp of match against the striker. Henry blows out the candle. Gives her his back. Laura caresses Henry’s back. He ignores her.
47) 3) dialog: I never thought of refusing him. How could he refuse me? No it wasn’t fulfilling. But it was at least a kind of sweet intimacy. Laura reaches over, gropes between Henry’s legs. Henry pi her hand up, places it back on her side of the bed.
47) 4) dialog: I never realized how much I needed that until he turned away from me. INT. A MODEST GERMAN HOUSE - BEDROOM — DAY Sunlight fills the room where Ronsel and Resl sleep peacefully entwined. We notice a delicate gold necklace w a_crucifix hanging from Resl’s neck. A few quiet beats, t a cacophony of HORN HONKS and JEEP ENGINES crescendos. Ronsel wakes quickly but Resl snoozes on. Then, outside, hears HOOTS and HOLLERS.
47) 19) dialog: Hello, Ronsel. I’m Mrs. McAllan. Your parents work on our farm.
47) 21) dialog: Do Hap and Florence know you’re coming home?
47) 23) dialog: Your mother talks about you all the time. I know they’1l be mighty glad to see you.
47) 32) dialog: My brother served in the Pacific. And my husband’s brother was a bomber pilot. Both of them fine, thank God. Nice to see you boys finally coming home.
47) 40) dialog: Henry, this is Hap and Florence's son, Ronsel. He just returned from overseas.
49) 0) text: Laura reading in a chair, rocking herself unconsciously. Atwood waddling up the porch steps--pregnant belly, fresh black eye and split lip.
49) 2) dialog: Hello. Miss--
49) 4) dialog: Hello Vera.
50) 0) text: Vera crossing her dirty bare feet on Laura’s rug. Laura t not to notice. Her daughter Alma in the window picking at ends of her hair.
50) 2) dialog: Excuse me?
50) 4) dialog: It’s not up to me Vera, it’s up to my husband. Vera rubs her pregnant belly.
50) 6) dialog: I’m telling you, it’s not my decision.
51) 0) text: Laura hums as she churns butter on the porch while Henry reads the paper and Pappy smokes. Laura’s churning is especially tense and Henry notices:
51) 2) dialog: What?
51) 6) dialog: Vera Atwood is eight and a half months pregnant. Where would they go? How would they survive?
51) 9) dialog: Then make him work on half shares like Hap and his family.
51) 11) dialog: Because you are a Christian.
51) 13) dialog: Didn’t you tell me most farmers around here can’t find enough help to make a crop? (beat) Call it a business decision. For the good of the farm. Laura has a point.
51) 16) dialog: Violence is part and parcel of country life. You're forever being assailed by dead things. Amanda Leigh accidentally bumps a pair of trousers off th clothesline. Amanda Leigh jumps back from the muddy heap, braces for her mother’s censure. Laura just blinks. Amand Leigh slings the pants back onto the line and scurries aw
51) 17) dialog: Dead mice, dead rabbits, dead possums, dead birds.
52) 1) dialog: You find them in the yard. You smell them rotting under the house. EXT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAY A sharp flick of the wrist, Florence SNAPS a chicken’s ne The body flops and unspirals itself as she runs a boning knife across the jugular, spills hot blood onto the dirt.
52) 2) dialog: And then there are the creatures you kill for food.
53) 1) dialog: Chickens, hogs, deer, frogs, squirrels. Pluck, skin, disembowel, debone, fry. Vera wipes her nose on her shoulder, wedges the too-dull pocketknife deeper under the skin. 66.
54) 1) dialog: Eat. Start again. Kill. Laura runs a pipe cleaner down the barrel of a HUNTING RI
54) 2) dialog: I learned how to stitch up a bleeding wound, load and fire a shotgun, reach into the womb of heaving sow to deliver a breech piglet. My hands did these things. Laura snaps the barrel into place.
54) 3) dialog: But I was never easy in my mind.
55) 0) text: Laura gnawing at the balls of her hands. Thick yellow callouses peel off between her teeth. She chews them thoughtfully. Stares out the window entranced.
55) 5) text: Don’t sugarcoat it now. 67. Laura edges closer with Amanda Leigh and Isabelle, she ho out her hands for a squeeze. Jamie smiles, scoops her int hug instead.
55) 7) dialog: Welcome home, Jamie.
57) 35) dialog: Saturday was my favorite day of the week. --LAURA pumping water in the yard, she hauls sloshing buc to the stove
57) 36) dialog: It was the only day I felt truly clean. --LAURA hauling steaming water to a ZINC TUB in the yard, bathes her muddy DAUGHTERS. The water turns brown. 76. --The girls clean-washed and napping on the porch. LAURA lowers herself into their cloudy lukewarm leftovers. Laur cups water over herself, squats in the fleeting privacy o flapping sheet. PAPPY happens by, averts his eyes a littl too slowly.
57) 37) dialog: The rest of the time, we stank. --Laura dumps the dirty water. Henry pecks her on the che as he drags into the yard covered in mud.
58) 0) text: Where Laura looks at her expanding belly in a mirror. She turns profile and sighs with a grin. A beat, then Henry enters. Laura looks at him and smiles.
58) 2) dialog: I’m pregnant.
58) 4) dialog: Shhh, you’1l wake the girls. Henry hugs her again and they are overjoyed.
59) 0) text: Laura, with bleary eyes and a baby bump, shuffles into th room where Florence works in the kitchen.
59) 1) dialog: What time is it?
59) 3) dialog: Good heavens. 77.
59) 5) dialog: Where are these from? Then Laura notices a note next to the flowers. “Congratulations. Love, Jamie” Laura closes her eyes and draws in the scent of the flowers.
59) 6) dialog: He remembered I like lavender. How sweet. Then suddenly, she has to pee like a pregnant lady.
59) 7) dialog: Ooh, excuse me. Nature calls.
60) 0) text: As Laura hustles to the privy. Then she enters to find bouquets of lavender everywhere - in cans on the floor, i bunches nailed to the wall and hanging from the ceiling. Laura chuckles and smiles wide then takes a whiff. Not ba it’s working. Then she lifts her skirt, squats and pees.
67) 1) dialog: As usual, when anything bad happened, Henry was away.He And Pappy had gone to see about some hogs, so I was alone with the girls. Amanda Leigh and Isabelle making mudpies by the water pum Laura , PREGNANT, mending one of Henry’s shirts. Vera Atw barefoot with a FILLETING KNIFE, unlatches the fence, saunters into the yard. Her sweaty dress clinging to her, smile incongruous.
67) 3) dialog: Come here Vera, come sit down and tell me what’s--
67) 5) dialog: Amanda Leigh take your sister into the house. Vera directs her wild gaze on them, her knife winks in th light.
67) 6) dialog: Go on around through the back. Go. Vera rocking back and forth on the heels of her feet now. knife swinging at her side.
67) 7) dialog: Vera-— Vera levels the point of the knife at Laura’s neck.
67) 9) dialog: Vera honestly, I--I don’t have the keys.
67) 11) dialog: And I got in trouble for it. Vera blinking, coming back to herself.
67) 12) dialog: My husband took the keys away. Vera buries her face in her hands, lets out a feral howl. Laura hesitates, reaches for her. Vera steps backward out her grasp. Wanders out of the yard and back down the stre like a ghost.
67) 13) dialog: They found Carl’s body lying in the road halfway to town.
68) 1) dialog: Vera had stabbed him seventeen times then gone on to Marietta and turned herself in to Sheriff Thacker. MEN heft the Carl’s corpse into a truckbed.
68) 2) dialog: Florence said she’d seen her walking down Main Street, covered in blood. She said it looked like she'd bathed in it.
68) 4) dialog: (beat) But I didn’t find those details until later. I was too lost in my own misery. 82. Laura stooped, rushing through her house. She draws her bloodied hand from between her legs. Doubles over on the
68) 6) dialog: I need you to be a big girl and go fetch Florence from her house. Do you remember how to get there? Amanda Leigh nods tightly. Another cramp hits and it hurt
68) 7) dialog: Go. Run as fast as you can. Amanda Leigh takes off and Laura goes to the ground. A growing blood stain forms around her crotch.
69) 0) text: Laura lays in the bed alone staring at the ceiling. Her expression is stoic and empty. She does not react when Florence enters with food and drink.
69) 2) dialog: Thank you, Florence. For everything.
69) 5) dialog: Maybe tomorrow. 83. Florence lingers sits next to her. Then, after several beats, Laura’s face twists in sorrow and she weeps. Flore holds her, lets the sobs ring out.
70) 0) text: Laura sits at the edge of the bed staring at the wall. Th Henry enters. He approaches and puts a hand on her should Laura lets it rest there for a beat, then she gently shru it off. Henry is concerned.
71) 0) text: Laura lays in bed, curled up and depressed. She reacts wh Amanda Leigh and Isabelle enter with wildflowers.
71) 2) dialog: Thank you, sweetheart. Then Isabelle holds up a molted rattlesnake skin.
71) 4) dialog: Oh my, that’s wonderful darling. I'll treasure it. (then) Go on back outside now and play. The girls scamper out and, with two fingers, Laura puts t snake skin far away.
72) 0) text: Laura lays there, catatonic. We hold on her stillness for beat. Then the silence is broken by HAMMERING. Laura trie to ignore it, but it’s loud and incessant.
73) 4) dialog: I think it’s marvelous. Thank you. Laura hugs Jamie. It feels good and she sinks into him. A there’s a pin prick of light in the dark tunnel of her depression.
73) 6) dialog: Your brother built us a shower.
78) 0) text: Laura exits the house into the moonlight. She is startled when she nearly trips over Jamie, who is passed out with empty bottle of bourbon. Fully clothed and breathing heav from drink, he is peaceful and pitiful all at once.
78) 4) dialog: Jamie... Jamie stumbles toward Henry’s car, gets in and pulls away
82) 0) text: As Jamie packs his things, frustrated, angry. He reacts w Laura knocks at his open doorway.
82) 1) dialog: Hi there, will you be here for supper tonight?
82) 3) dialog: (re: the packed bags) Are you going someplace?
82) 5) dialog: Los Angeles? Jamie, what are you talking about?
82) 7) dialog: Who didn’t tell me what?
82) 9) dialog: What?
82) 11) dialog: That can’t be. He’s just sore about the wreck. Let me talk to him.
82) 13) dialog: So just like that? You up and leave? Were you even planning on saying good-bye?
82) 15) dialog: What about the girls? This will break their little hearts.
82) 17) text: Jamie keeps packing. The suddenness of this new reality i bitter prospect for Laura.
82) 18) dialog: Does your father know?
82) 20) dialog: You don’t need to go, Jamie. When Henry cools off he’1l listen to me. Jamie stops packing for a moment and stares at the floor. Then he looks at her, so much hurt in his eyes.
82) 22) dialog: You don’t need to. Laura runs her hand along his suitcase and wishes she cou run away with him. Jamie tamps his pain, tired of being pathetic. Laura moves to him, close. They gaze at each other for a very long beat, neither wanting to say goodby Then with alarming swiftness, Laura grabs Jamie and kisse him. Deeply. Hungrily. Then suddenly he pushes her away. Both of them breathe heavily, their hearts racing. Then Jamie pulls her close and they kiss again. Clothes get to off as they tumble onto the bed. Jamie and Laura devour e other. INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAY Florence, Hap, Marlon and Lilly May clean up after breakf Ronsel enters, haggard and sleepless.
85) 0) text: Laura is in the kitchen. Amanda Leigh and Isabelle are on the floor playing with building blocks. Pappy lingers by window, anxiously waiting.
85) 2) dialog: (re: the girls) Mind your language, please.
85) 7) dialog: Let him dry off first.
85) 20) dialog: Just go.
85) 22) dialog: I beg your pardon.
95) 0) text: Where Laura KNOCKS on the door. No answer. Perplexed, she pushes the door open and enters She reacts when she sees Pappy eyes wide open, lifeless a frozen in shock. Then she reaches out, touches his skin a quickly recoils from the cold. She scans Jamie’s empty bed. Something on the floor catch her eye. She reaches down and picks it up. It’s Pappy’s white hood. Laura holds it up and sees the eye holes and realizes.
95) 2) dialog: What happened to you? (off his desolate look) What happened, Jamie? Jamie. Jamie reaches into a pocket and fishes out the crumpled p of Resl and Ronsel’s son. Laura looks at it, confused.
95) 4) dialog: What happened Jamie? What did they do to him?
95) 6) dialog: Choose what?
95) 8) dialog: He’s alive? Jamie shakes his head, twists the pillow in his fists. La looks to Pappy, Jamie finally meets her gaze. Laura gentl pries the pillow from Jamie’s hands. INT. JACKSON CABIN — DAWN The hush of daybreak. Ronsel laid out on the kitchen tabl Florence wipes dried blood from his swollen, bruised body She dabs at the stillness of his face.
95) 13) dialog: Henry. 112.
95) 15) dialog: Henry.
95) 17) dialog: It’s your father. He died last night.
95) 19) dialog: In his sleep. Peacefully. Henry drops his head as the news washes over him. Then He looks at Jamie and regrets their last exchange.
96) 9) dialog: If he’s willing to we should allow it. He is a man of God.
96) 14) dialog: Amen
100) 2) dialog: I would never tell Henry the truth about this child. Jamie’s child. That would only serve to clear my conscience, not his. It’s a small bit of dignity that I can give back to him. Though he has no idea I’ve taken it. Henry moves up to the porch and gives Laura a hug and war kiss on the lips. Then he bends and kisses her belly. And for the first time ever, we see Henry truly smile.
100) 3) dialog: I've learned that’s what it is to truly love someone: to give whatever you can while taking what you must.