8) 29) dialog: Don’t forget about us. 15.
19) 9) dialog: Fool, rice don’t grow here.
19) 12) dialog: That’s why I’m not gon’ be no farmer, I’ma be a stenographer.
19) 18) dialog: Nuh -unh. ‘Cause I’ma be in California or Chi-cago where all the good jobs at.
19) 20) dialog: No it won’t-- Sudden silence settles over the group. LILLY MAY (CONT’D) I mean...but Ronsel, he--he’1l probably be home Mama.
42) 0) text: SERIES OF SHOTS: HAP’S FAILED CONVALESCENCE --Florence cleans Hap’s leg, a river of bloody puss runs broken skin. Hap doesn’t cry out. His leg is discolored a misshapen. Florence wraps clean bandages around it -- Hap pushes open his bedroom window, sees FLORENCE and MARLON working the field on their own. Florence coaches t boy along, they work well past dark, invisible except for their bobbing lanterns and the percussion of seed bags bouncing against their legs -- Lilly May changes Hap's bedpan, Hap holds himself up o trembling elbow, keeps his face craned toward the wall. S pools in the corner of his eyes
47) 52) dialog: Ronsel! And Lilly May is up like a flash and in Ronsel’s arms. Florence is immediately driven to tears as she wraps her around Ronsel and covers him with kisses.
47) 56) dialog: Handsome too. Marlon works his way in and hugs Ronsel tightly.
47) 59) dialog: How was the trip home?
75) 0) text: Lilly May and Marlon perched on barbed wire fence posts gunning down imaginary enemies. Lilly May wears Ronsel’s helmet, Marlon wears Ronsel’s boots.
75) 1) dialog: BANG BANG! You dead Nazi cracka, you dead! Marlon oversteers his “tank”.
75) 3) dialog: (whispers ) Bang. You dead. INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - DAY Florence mends socks as she looks through a window watchi Ronsel sit against a tree smoking a cigarette. He’s got a thousand yard stare as he mindlessly drags and exhales. 86. Henry’s truck pulls up, Jamie behind the wheel. Ronsel ho into the passenger side. Florence doesn’t like what she sees. Then the truck pulls out and Florence watches it go
82) 25) dialog: You got a letter. Says it’s all the way from Germany.
102) 0) text: Florence works the water pump with Lilly May at her side.