8) 31) dialog: Take care Ron.
8) 33) dialog: We will.
18) 0) text: Hap surveys his land. Ruel and Marlon toil shoulder to shoulder in the fading light. Florence and Lily May chip at the day’s chores.
19) 8) dialog: Won’t be too much longer, Papa will it? This time next year I’ma have about fifty acres of cotton, fifty acres of oats, fifty acres of rice--
19) 11) dialog: Well I’ma grow it anyway.
19) 13) dialog: A ste- what? 25.
19) 15) dialog: They don’t allow no colored typists.
19) 17) dialog: And? You'll be buying all your food from us. We gon’ get all your typist money.
19) 19) dialog: War gonna be over by then.
30) 0) text: Hap hoes at the earth with Sisyphean determination. He st to wipe sweat from his brow and sees Marlon shirtless chopping alongside him, straining to keep up. Then he see Florence in the distance hanging laundry on a line. Lily feeding the chickens in the coop. Hap resumes his assault the earth.
36) 0) text: Henry pulls up. The river ROARS and is completely flooded The bridge is two feet underwater. Henry gets out of the truck and walks closer to get a look. No way across. Off Henry, wheels turning, panic rising... INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT Hard rain outside with occasional flashes of lightning accompanied by rumbling THUNDER. Florence, Marlon and Lil May, all rapt, sit around the table listening to Hap read letter from Ronsel.
41) 0) text: Florence watches as Hap inspects their prone, panting MUL Laying on his side, he foams at the mouth, limbs paralyze Hap drops his head, looks up at Florence. PRELAP the soun a GUNSHOT... INT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY Hap is a bullet across the pulpit. He transmutes despair belief behind his own eyes. He rallies, forces himself to clap and sing. The church falls in with him. Florence tri to sing along but looks exhausted behind her eyes. 47. EXT. HAP’S CHURCH - DAY Hap still in his Sunday clothes high up on a ladder. He hammers a mismatched length of siding into place. Another DEACON patches shingles on the roof. Hap stops, takes in sunset behind him. Marlon sprinting back up the road with building supplies. Hap puffs at the sight of his son.
42) 0) text: SERIES OF SHOTS: HAP’S FAILED CONVALESCENCE --Florence cleans Hap’s leg, a river of bloody puss runs broken skin. Hap doesn’t cry out. His leg is discolored a misshapen. Florence wraps clean bandages around it -- Hap pushes open his bedroom window, sees FLORENCE and MARLON working the field on their own. Florence coaches t boy along, they work well past dark, invisible except for their bobbing lanterns and the percussion of seed bags bouncing against their legs -- Lilly May changes Hap's bedpan, Hap holds himself up o trembling elbow, keeps his face craned toward the wall. S pools in the corner of his eyes
43) 0) text: Florence and Marlon’s hard labor apparent in symmetrical of furrowed new earth. A RAIN DROP kisses the ground. The another. Another. 48.
47) 58) dialog: Wha’d you get all them medals for?
47) 60) dialog: You get ‘em for killing Why didn’t you write to tell Germans? us you was coming? 59.
75) 0) text: Lilly May and Marlon perched on barbed wire fence posts gunning down imaginary enemies. Lilly May wears Ronsel’s helmet, Marlon wears Ronsel’s boots.
75) 2) dialog: GRRRRRR! Domp, domp domp domp. We runnin’ ‘em over! Watch your right gunner! Lilly May swivels her imaginary gun over to the right. Ju then a truck full of WHITE SHARECROPPERS rolls by. Lilly lowers her “gun”. A man tosses a soda bottle in their yar The truck rattles past.
92) 0) text: Hap, Marlon, Florence, and OTHER BLACK DEACONS push the d open and enter the scene of the crucifixion. Ronsel hangs bleeding from the crossbeam, the Black Messiah. Hap and Marlon immediately set to levering him down. Florence’s h goes to her mouth.
101) 0) text: Hap and Marlon hitch a NEW MULE to a NEW PLOW in a beauti field.