2) 0) text: ON PAPPY MCALLAN (60'S), eyes closed, his expression tranquil. He is dressed as we will see him throughout, in his Sunday best. WIDEN TO REVEAL Jamie and Henry standing over him. Henry pulls a sheet over Pappy’s face then rega the ramshackle coffin made of mismatched scrap wood.
12) 0) text: Sunlight beams through stained glass and a preacher resid over a small congregation. Henry, Laura, Amanda Leigh (4) and Isabelle (2), walk down the aisle followed by Pappy. HENRY’S MOTHER lies in repose. Laura moves past the caske quickly with the children in tow.
16) 14) dialog: You get anything in writing?
16) 18) dialog: You got swindled, boy. Damn fool. Henry is crestfallen. Another cough from Isabelle. Off th whole group looking to Henry.
16) 20) dialog: You mean out there with the niggers and the farm hands?
19) 29) dialog: Then let him walk. Lilly May and Marlon lingering in the doorway. Hap at the truck pretending not to hear.
19) 31) dialog: I ain’t movin’ for no nigger.
20) 0) text: Hap bounces uncomfortably between Henry and Pappy. Hap lo down and sees that his hand is ever so close to Pappy’s. shifts and we hear his VOICE OVER:
21) 0) text: The house is a large rickety shack with a deserted air. I has a warped tin roof and shuttered windows with neither glass nor screens. A porch runs the length of the house a connects it to a small lean-to. There is a dirt yard with pump. A barn, pig wallow, chicken coop and a pasture. The two car convoy rolls to a ragged stop. Henry, Laura, Pappy, Hap, Amanda Leigh and Isabelle pile out. Laura is mortified. So is Pappy. Amanda Leigh goes running.
21) 6) dialog: Better git ‘im to replace them shutters or we might freeze to death.
22) 0) text: The roof leaks in several spots. Henry and Hap back in wi Laura’s piano. Pappy sits on a rocking chair, smoking as watches.
22) 7) dialog: You mean diggin’ ditches and peelin’ potatoes.
22) 9) dialog: Ain’t no way the Army would turn a tank worth thousands of dollars over to a nigger. Now my son, Jamie, there’s a fightin’ man. He’s flying bombers.
22) 11) dialog: Hey, hey boy! You know this one! Whaddya you call a nigger with stripes? (beat) A ra-COON! Hahahaha! Pappy enjoys his joke. Hap lowers his eyes and keeps pack up the books. 30.
22) 14) dialog: Ain’t no room for that piano. The hell am I gonna sleep?
22) 16) dialog: I ain’t sleeping out there, it don’t even have a floor. Laura turns her back on Pappy and softens her voice.
22) 19) dialog: If you got rid of that piano we could put a bed right there.
22) 22) dialog: We could rig a curtain around it.
22) 25) dialog: So you just puttin’ me out?
23) 0) text: Pappy unrolling his bed.
23) 1) dialog: God-DAMMIT.
32) 0) text: Henry HAMMERS repairs. Outside it’s raining sheets. Then, through the open doors, we see Pappy, shoulders hunched against the elements, as he hurries toward the barn. Papp arrives and shouts over the steady bang of Henry’s hammer
32) 1) dialog: Henry! Your wife wants you. Isabel’s worse and the other one’s comin’ down with it too.
39) 0) text: Candle and lantern light. The rain has stopped and Floren is cutting up onions and carrots. Pappy sits in the corne cigarette smoke curling around him. Florence has her back him but she feels his eyes on her. She ignores it until:
39) 1) dialog: I’m thirsty. Run out to the pump and fetch me some water.
39) 3) dialog: That broth can do without you for a few minutes. (off Florence ignoring) Did you hear me, gal? I want some damn water. Laura enters from the girls’ bedroom:
39) 7) dialog: Ain’t sleeping under the same roof as a nigger.
39) 13) dialog: Then she can sleep out in the barn.
39) 15) dialog: Niggers need to know their place.
40) 0) text: Where Florence quickly packs her things, anxious to get h Laura and Henry are in the kitchen area talking quietly. Pappy is sitting by a table, smoking.
47) 41) dialog: Well, that explains why you’re trying to leave by the front door. (MORE )
47) 43) dialog: You must be confused as to your whereabouts.
47) 45) dialog: Oh, I think you are, boy. I don’t know what they let you do over there, but you’re in Mississippi now, nigger. You use the back door.
51) 0) text: Laura hums as she churns butter on the porch while Henry reads the paper and Pappy smokes. Laura’s churning is especially tense and Henry notices:
51) 7) dialog: Ain’t this touching? Saint Laura, protector of women and children.
51) 12) dialog: The Lord ain’t the one putting food on our table.
51) 15) dialog: Next she'll be telling you what to plant. 65. EXT. MCALLAN FARM HOUSE -— MORNING Laura’s hands red, raw, and forgotten between her knees. washboard leans in a still steaming bucket of gray water. Laura stares at a dead mouse curled on the bottom step.
55) 9) dialog: You’d think a son would see fit to greet his own father.
56) 0) text: The jitter of Jamie’s hand as he cradles a lit cigarette. pours a drink and finishes in a single draught. Pappy tak note, doesn’t hide his disdain. Henry pretends not to see 68.
56) 1) dialog: So what's it like being a big hero?
56) 3) dialog: Don’t give me that. Army wrote me about your fancy medals. Said they was the highest honors an airman could receive.
56) 5) dialog: Bet you got plenty of tail out of it too.
56) 7) dialog: Damn right. Takes after me that way. Your momma was the prettiest girl in Greenville. And I had ‘em all sniffing after me. Pappy smiles with his yellow teeth. Jamie shifts in his chair and lights one cigarette with another.
56) 8) dialog: One thing’s for sure. You must’a killed a whole lotta Krauts to get all them medals. (beat) Well, how many’d you take out?
56) 10) dialog: Take a guess.
56) 12) dialog: A man ought to know how many men he’s killed. 69. Henry returns with the bottle and a glass. Jamie quickly uncorks it and pours heavily. He gulps it down and refill Henry is surprised.
56) 15) dialog: Well, at least I looked my one in the eye before I shot him. Not like dropping bombs from a mile up in the air. Jamie throws back his drink and pours another. uncomfortable silence until Henry interrupts:
85) 0) text: Laura is in the kitchen. Amanda Leigh and Isabelle are on the floor playing with building blocks. Pappy lingers by window, anxiously waiting.
85) 1) dialog: Goddammit, where is he?
85) 3) dialog: Just like him. Thinking only of himself. (then) There he is. Outside the truck pulls up, weaving badly. Jamie gets out and stumbles to the house.
85) 4) dialog: Drunk again. Jamie enters, rumpled, wet and smiling.
85) 8) dialog: Who in the hell was that with you in the truck?
85) 10) dialog: On the road. When I saw you driving. Who was that? 101.
85) 12) dialog: You care to tell me why that nigger was sitting right next to you like you was two peas in a pod?
85) 14) dialog: He can ride in the back.
85) 16) dialog: Gimmie a cigarette. I’m out. Jamie stares at him for a beat then pulls out an old pack Lucky Strikes. Pappy snatches them. It’s empty.
85) 17) dialog: You ain’t worth a damn, you know that?
85) 19) dialog: Look at mister big war hero. Nothing but a drunk.
85) 21) dialog: Want him all to yourself huh, gal? Too bad he’s too liquored up to be any good to you.
85) 23) dialog: I’ve seen the way you sniff after him --
85) 25) dialog: Henry may be too thick to notice, but I ain’t.
87) 0) text: Rain beats on the roof as Jamie sleeps on his cot. A beat then he is poked awake by Pappy’s cane. Jamie bolts up, startled to see Pappy. Orris Stokes and the Sheriff are behind him in white robes.
87) 2) dialog: Put your boots on and come with us.
88) 0) text: Hard rain. Orris Stokes’ car pulls up and stops among som other parked cars. Jamie, Pappy, and Orris Stokes get out and move towards the saw mill. We can see torch lights coming from inside the mill. As they go, the Sheriff and Stokes don their white hoods. This gives Jamie pause and stops. But Stokes shoves him along.
89) 2) dialog: Shut up.
89) 5) dialog: I said shut up.
89) 9) dialog: Jamie!
89) 11) dialog: We know you did it, nigger. We just want to hear you say it. The white hood holding the rope jerks it.
89) 15) dialog: You knew about it. Found the letter in the truck after you gave him a ride.
89) 19) dialog: Says so right there in the letter.
89) 28) dialog: You gonna betray your own blood over a nigger?! Pappy tries to stand between Stokes and Jamie, but Jamie shoves him out of the way. Stokes points the gun at Jamie Jamie steps up and puts the gun barrel to his own forehea
89) 33) dialog: He’s bluffing. And half drunk besides.
89) 35) dialog: Point the gun at the nigger. Pappy moves right into Jamie’s eye line, blocking his sho
89) 36) dialog: He won’t shoot. He don’t have the balls to kill a man up close. Do you, son? Dex points the shotgun at Ronsel. Pappy steps closer to Jamie.
89) 38) dialog: You not gon’ kill your Pappy. Then one of the white hoods charges at Jamie. Jamie turns and shoots him in the leg. But that was enough to give th others a chance to rush in. Jamie squeezes off another shot that misses before he get tackled. In the subsequent melee, they somehow manage to wrest the gun from Jamie’s hands. But Jamie punches, kicks and gives everything he’s got, fighting like a cornered animal. But soon, they overwhelm him. And they proceed to beat the shit out of him. Jamie and Ronsel lock eyes for a moment during the beatin Then a kick to the head from Stokes. CUT TO BLACK. PAPPY’S VOICE FADES IN, echo-y and distant. 107.
89) 39) dialog: Wake up! Jamie! Wake up dammit!
90) 0) text: Jamie is awakened by a bucket of cold rain water. He is bruised, blurry and dazed. But as focus restores he sees mass of white hoods staring down at him. Among the hoods is Pappy’s face. Jamie recoils and tries push him away but his hands are tied behind his back. Pap yanks him upright and props him against the wall. Jamie s that Ronsel now hangs from a cross-beam, naked and bloodi
90) 1) dialog: You make one more wrong move these boys are liable to kill you.
90) 3) dialog: I told you already. He won’t talk. Ain’t that right, son?
90) 6) dialog: He won't go to the law. Not if we make him a part of it.
90) 8) dialog: Nigger still needs to be punished. You let my son, there, decide how.
90) 11) dialog: You don’t want him killed? Then decide his punishment.
91) 0) text: Jamie is thrown onto his bed, wet, beaten and unconscious Pappy and Orris Stokes glower above him. Stokes drifts ou Pappy frozen, staring at Jamie. He removes his son’s boot Throws a horse blanket over him. Jamie sputters in his sl A confusion of feelings mottle Pappy’s face.
93) 0) text: Driving rain and howling wind outside. Pappy sleeps peacefully, his breathing deep and steady. A LIGHTNING FL accompanied by THUNDER briefly ILLUMINATES the room. Several beats, then more THUNDER and LIGHTNING and we see Jamie standing by Pappy’s bedside. He stares at Pappy as clinches the pillow in his hands. Then finally he shakes Pappy violently:
93) 2) dialog: The hell are you doing, boy?
95) 0) text: Where Laura KNOCKS on the door. No answer. Perplexed, she pushes the door open and enters She reacts when she sees Pappy eyes wide open, lifeless a frozen in shock. Then she reaches out, touches his skin a quickly recoils from the cold. She scans Jamie’s empty bed. Something on the floor catch her eye. She reaches down and picks it up. It’s Pappy’s white hood. Laura holds it up and sees the eye holes and realizes.