8) 28) dialog: Daddy borrowed Mister Robert’s and ‘nems truck to take me. That’s what I remember most. The first things and the last things stick the hardest. A gathering of NEIGHBORS in the tidy yard. Ronsel in cris TRAVELING CLOTHES, his sister, Lilly May, hanging on his neck.
8) 30) dialog: You know I won’t. Marlon steps forward with a brave face, pumps his brother hand, claps his back. Little brother Ruel follows suit.
8) 32) dialog: Y'all don’t be quarreling. Pitch in good, help Mama ‘nem.
8) 34) dialog: And keep them no ‘count boys away from Lilly May. Don’t let her turn fast. Lilly May smiles through her sniffles, pops Ronsel on the shoulder as she steps back. Marlon does a little salute. looks on from the driver's seat of his rough-idling truck pride and doubt competing for his eyes. Ronsel slings his pack over his shoulder, ambles over to where Florence holds herself against the cab. She puts he hand on his forehead, cups his face, holds her hand over beating heart. Bomp. Bomp. Bomp. He’s alive. Ronsel holds Florence's hand over his heartbeat.
8) 36) dialog: I will Mama.
24) 1) dialog: “Dear family. I'm writing to you from a village in Belgium called... (pronouncing phonetically) .--Tillet. Belgium is a country just north of France and it's beautiful. Daddy you would like it here. There are lots of farms... The sun is high and warm. WEARY SOLDIERS and the ravages war are everywhere. RONSEL sits atop his tank, writing a letter. His tank is dirty and as beat up as he is. 32.
24) 2) dialog: I’ve been keeping busy, mostly training and looking for Germans. Luckily we haven’t seen too many. That’s clearly a lie as Ronsel eyes a red-crossed ambulan full of wounded soldiers driving by. He continues writing
24) 3) dialog: Of course, by the time you get this, I'll probably be long gone from here. We seem to always be on the move. A gruff SERGEANT (Caucasian) comes marching down the line
24) 5) dialog: C'mon.
25) 0) text: As soldiers march along, a column of tanks rolls by. Rons rides, his top half up outside the hatch. A DRONING BUZZ catches his ear and he looks up and spots a formation of bombers flying high above. Then Ronsel reacts to a Caucas SOLDIER who marches past:
25) 2) dialog: But when we do get a chance to set for a spell, the locals treat us real nice. They’re not like white folks back home.
26) 0) text: With a bouquet of flowers, a cleaned up Ronsel knocks on door and waits. 33. Then a pretty German girl (RESL, 20's) answers and smiles she’s been expecting him. He presents the flowers and she hugs him. The hug turns into a kiss.
26) 1) dialog: I'm mighty grateful for that. I get homesick, and they do what they can to make us feel right at home. As Ronsel and Resl kiss we PRELAP the sounds of BATTLE. INT. RONSEL’S TANK - DAY We hear the PINGS and PANGS of bullets ricochetting off t armor. It’s claustrophobic and hot in here as Ronsel and 4 other African-American crew members operate like finger a hand. Ronsel is the commander, CLEVE is the driver and Weeks is the gunner.
26) 2) dialog: Panzer, one o’clock!
26) 4) dialog: Fire! The shell is loaded and BOOM. From Ronsel’s POV through t view finder, we see the German tank get hit and blow up.
26) 5) dialog: Woo! Nice shot! Weeks smiles for a moment, then contorts his face as he R A LONG FART. The guys in the tank react.
26) 8) dialog: We should load you in the gun and fire you at the Jerries, they'd surrender quick. The whole crew busts up laughing. But the laughter is cut short by a VIOLENT BLAST. Shrapnel flies and metal twists Weeks absorbs the blow and gets most of his head blown of Ronsel gets knocked back and splattered by blood and brai 34. Then there is RINGING and BLURRED FOCUS as Ronsel gets hi bearings. Soon he comes to and sees a FIRE in the tank.
26) 9) dialog: Get outta the tank! Get out!
27) 0) text: Machine gun fire. Ronsel, Cleve and the other two tankers scramble out of the burning tank into a raging battle. Th slide out and hunker down against the tank for cover, pin Ronsel checks and cocks his .45. As bullets thud and whiz Ronsel looks to the sky. He sees a lone B-25 bomber trail thick, black smoke as it limps home.
36) 0) text: Henry pulls up. The river ROARS and is completely flooded The bridge is two feet underwater. Henry gets out of the truck and walks closer to get a look. No way across. Off Henry, wheels turning, panic rising... INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT Hard rain outside with occasional flashes of lightning accompanied by rumbling THUNDER. Florence, Marlon and Lil May, all rapt, sit around the table listening to Hap read letter from Ronsel.
47) 5) text: Ronsel extracts himself from Resl’s sleepy embrace and mo to the window. There he sees a procession of American soldiers hanging off jeeps and trucks, waving American fl
47) 9) dialog: Home again, home again. Jiggety - jig. Coon, spade, darky, nigger. Went off to fight for my country and came back to find it hadn’t changed a bit. Ronsel reaches into his pocket and pulls out Resl’s gold necklace and crucifix - a keepsake. Ronsel notices a LITT BOY staring at him. Ronsel winks. The Little Boy salutes. Ronsel returns the salute.
47) 12) dialog: Howdy, Miz Tricklebank.
47) 14) dialog: Yes, ma’am, last time I looked. 55.
47) 16) dialog: Can’t complain. How you been?
47) 18) dialog: No, I just got in. I wanted to stop and buy a few things for ‘em first.
47) 20) dialog: How do, ma’am?
47) 22) dialog: No, I wanted to surprise ‘em.
47) 24) dialog: Likewise.
47) 26) dialog: Yes, ma’am.
47) 28) dialog: Sugar’s for my momma. Candy’s for Marlon and Lilly May. Figured I'd spoil ‘ema little. (MORE )
47) 30) dialog: (smiling re: his stripes) Sergeant’s pay.
47) 35) dialog: Thank you, Miz Tricklebank.
47) 38) dialog: Beg pardon, suh. Just trying to get home to see my folks.
47) 44) dialog: I ain’t confused at all, suh.
47) 47) dialog: You know, suh, you’re right. We didn’t go in the back over there. General Patton put us right up on the front lines. Yessuh, he took us when nobody else thought we were worth a damn. And you know we did? We kicked the hell outta Hitler and them Jerries. All while every one of you was back here safe and sound at home. No need to thank me. (then) Miz Tricklebank. Miz McAllan. The white men are agape as Ronsel grabs his things and strides out the back door. Angles toward the long dusty r out of town. INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT
47) 50) dialog: Amen. Heads snap to the doorway where Ronsel is standing. The Jacksons are collectively frozen.
47) 51) dialog: Well, ain’t nobody gonna offer me some supper?
47) 54) dialog: Hi, momma.
47) 57) dialog: Marlon here’s catching up with me! How tall are you?
47) 64) dialog: A lot’s changed.
47) 66) dialog: I’m stuffed. Used to dream about them biscuits, Momma.
47) 68) dialog: What did you see? Florence shakes her head and shivers at the thought. Then
47) 72) dialog: Oh, no. Yeah. I mean, of course. I'll stay awhile. It’1ll give me time to figure things out. Put the war behind me. Hap is excited by the prospect, leans against the post hi crutches forgotten. But Ronsel is far away and is only feigning enthusiasm. HEADLIGHTS of a truck coming down th road. The truck pulls into the yard and Henry gets out.
47) 77) dialog: I ain’t a child. Sir. You got something to say to my father, you can say it to me too.
47) 80) dialog: Just tried to walk out the door is all.
47) 85) dialog: I’m mighty sorry, Mr. McAllan.
47) 88) dialog: Yes. Hap needles Ronsel out the side of his eye.
47) 89) dialog: Sir.
47) 92) dialog: Not used to walking away from fights, daddy. Not anymore. Ronsel eases past his father. Florence catches Ronsel’s h at the door, squeezes. Ronsel kisses his mother’s hand, p it as he moves off. Hap and Florence exchange wordless worries in the dark.
47) 94) dialog: For you. 61A. Florence stunned from her day dream.
47) 96) dialog: No. It's for you.
47) 98) dialog: Go head. I'ma watch you. Florence giggles, backs in pampering. She ventures one mo square, pleasure washes over her face. Florence holds Ronsel's gaze stuffs down overflowing emotions.
47) 100) dialog: I love you Ma.
56) 32) dialog: It’s alright. It was just a car. A helping hand extended, Jamie follows it up to Ronsel.
56) 33) dialog: Backfired. Must have a stuck intake valve. Jamie looks up at the porch and sees mean eyes staring fr underneath hat brims. He ignores Ronsel’s hand, gets up a retrieves his groceries. Ronsel helps. But when Jamie gra the bourbon his hand shakes so badly he drops it. Thankfu it doesn’t break.
56) 35) dialog: They say it stops eventually. Ronsel holds out his own hand and it shakes like Jamie's. They trade a look and despite being from different worlds there’s an instant kinship.
56) 38) dialog: Yessir.
56) 40) dialog: Thank you. Jamie and Ronsel move to the truck where Ronsel hops in t truck bed and Jamie hops in the driver’s side. Both of th are aware of the men still watching from the porch.
57) 0) text: Jamie steals looks at Ronsel through the back window, squ with guilt. Memories of the B25 echo in his ears. Ronsel oblivious to it, chasing his daydreams flitting across th landscape. Jamie pulls over.
57) 2) dialog: I’m doing just fine back here.
57) 4) dialog: How do you know you outranked me?
57) 6) dialog: We had Negro captains. I served under plenty.
57) 8) dialog: 761st tank battalion. “Come Out Fighting”! Spearheaded for Patton. You?
57) 12) dialog: (stiffening) I apologized for that. Then to Ronsel’s surprise, Jamie toasts with the bottle.
57) 14) dialog: No thanks.
57) 19) dialog: Plenty of times. 74.
57) 21) dialog: It’s that cold up there?
57) 24) dialog: You must’a caught hell back at the officer's club.
57) 26) dialog: Yeah. Lost some friends myself. They drive on in silence. INT. HENRY’S PICK-UP TRUCK - LATER Jamie and Ronsel pull up and stop at the Jackson's shack.
57) 27) dialog: Thanks for the ride.
57) 32) dialog: That'd be fine.
61) 0) text: Jamie and Ronsel stumble from the truck to the dilapidate saw mill. Ronsel hesitates.
61) 2) dialog: Hope this damn thing don’t fall down on us. 78.
62) 0) text: Jamie and Ronsel shimmy in through a ragged gap. It’s old decrepit and laden with cobwebs. Shafts of sunlight jut i through the wooden slats.
62) 1) dialog: Used to come here when I was a boy. Whenever I needed to be alone and think.
62) 3) dialog: Why you treating me so nice?
62) 5) dialog: Bullshit. Jamie drags on his smoke and measures Ronsel with a drunk eye. Then:
75) 0) text: Lilly May and Marlon perched on barbed wire fence posts gunning down imaginary enemies. Lilly May wears Ronsel’s helmet, Marlon wears Ronsel’s boots.
77) 0) text: Jamie lights a cigarette and Ronsel sips from the bottle. They're both drunk. It’s hot in here and the sunlit smoke hangs on the humid air. 87.
77) 1) dialog: The silver star? Damn.
77) 3) dialog: What?
77) 5) dialog: You so scared of water you’d rather get shot at than fly over it?
77) 8) dialog: Me too. Over there I was a Liberator. Had folks lined up on the street cheering and throwing flowers. Back here, I’m just another nigger pushing a plow.
77) 10) dialog: Think about ‘em every day.
77) 14) dialog: It was different over there.
77) 16) dialog: A few.
77) 18) dialog: Army gave us separate barracks, separate blood supply, separate latrines. But them European girls didn’t mind us a bit. (then) When we were in Wimbourne, English gal I never laid eyes on patted me right on the butt. Told me she was checking for a tail because the white GI's was saying we were more monkey than human. So we made sure to show ‘em just how human we were every opportunity we got.
77) 20) dialog: Yeah. Well...one in particular. Ronsel drifts with the memory of Resl, wistful.
77) 22) dialog: Yeah. She was. But that was then. And this is now. I’m back home. Right where I belong. Said with a cut of drunken sarcasm. 89. INT. THE JACKSON’S CABIN - NIGHT Crickets outside as Ronsel lays in bed by candlelight, wi awake. He’s gazing at Resl’s gold necklace and crucifix. Then, with resolve, he stuffs it into a small tin box nex his bed and closes the lid shut. Then he blows out the candle, still wide awake as he tries to forget her. INT. THE MCALLAN FARM —- HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT Henry snores loudly. So loudly Laura is awake. She shakes him and he stops. Then Laura settles in and tries to get comfortable. But after a few moments, Henry starts snorin again. Finally, Laura succumbs to the futility and gets u
82) 26) dialog: What? Hap hands over a worn envelope that’s traveled a long way Ronsel snatches it.
82) 28) dialog: Someone I knew. And Ronsel heads out the front door.
82) 30) dialog: I’1l be back.
83) 0) text: The grey horizon hints at a coming storm. Ronsel walks along, a swirl of emotion, shaking his head in disbelief he reads the letter. Then he reacts to the rising sound of an APPROACHING TRUC He quickly shoves the letter into his pockets. The truck moving fast. The glint from the windshield prevents us fr seeing the driver. But we hear the engine rev higher as h steps on the gas. Ronsel moves to the shoulder of the road. But the truck swerves in his direction and bears down on him. Ronsel ru and dives into a ditch just as the truck rumbles up and s to a fast stop. Then, surprisingly, Jamie tumbles out, laughing and drunk. He’s got a bottle of whiskey and he looks like absolute hell.
83) 2) dialog: It ain’t funny.
83) 4) dialog: You're crazy you know that, right?
83) 6) dialog: Hey. Is something the matter? Jamie gets quiet and picks at the label on the bottle.
83) 8) dialog: (after a beat) That lady I told you about. The one at the prison camp.
83) 10) dialog: Leaving her. Jamie looks at the picture then reads the letter. Then he reacts and smiles:
83) 12) dialog: His name’s Franz.
83) 15) dialog: To Franz. Then Ronsel takes a drink and gives the bottle back to Ja
83) 17) dialog: I have no idea. She wants me to go to Germany.
83) 19) dialog: What about you? What’s the worst thing you ever done? Jamie looks at him, his mind on Laura and their tryst. Bu Jamie smiles and covers:
83) 21) dialog: Oh yeah, I bet. Then there’s a distant THUNDER RUMBLE. The clouds on the horizon are getting darker. Jamie kills the whiskey bottl and tosses it into the ditch. INT. HENRY’S PICK-UP TRUCK - DAY Jamie and Ronsel pass a new bottle and sing in unison:
83) 22) dialog: It don't mean a thing if it ain't got that swing. (MORE )
83) 24) dialog: Doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo-ah, doo- ah, doo-ah, doo-ah. It don't mean a thing all you got -- They both react to an approaching car and stop singing.
83) 26) dialog: You think they saw us?
83) 29) dialog: Yeah? Well I want you to know it too. You’re one of the good ones. Jamie hesitates to accept this truth. Ronsel extends a ha Jamie graps it, they shake hard.
83) 31) dialog: Take care of yourself.
83) 33) dialog: Hi, Momma. She watches him, wants to hug him ask him where he’s been But what comes out is:
83) 35) dialog: No. Where is everybody?
83) 37) dialog: Goddammit... No, no, no.
83) 39) dialog: You seen a letter?
83) 41) dialog: Yes.
84) 0) text: The threat of thunder has turned into reality of pounding rain. Ronsel runs to the spot where he told Jamie about t letter. He looks around desperately. He finds the empty whiskey bottle with the label Jamie picked off.
86) 0) text: Rain as Ronsel trudges up the road. Then he reacts to the crescendo of approaching cars. He turns and sees two sets headlights approaching fast. Ronsel jumps down into the ditch. But instead of passing, the cars pull up and stop. Ronsel is a bit blinded by the headlights and the rain. But soon several figures in whit sheets and hoods pile out of the cars and rush at him. Ronsel runs but they are on him like a pack of dogs. He fights and struggles, landing several hard punches. But h outnumbered.
89) 0) text: Inside are a group of men in KKK garb. In the middle of t mill is Ronsel. He has a burlap sack over his head, a noo around his neck and his hands tied behind him. He’s strun up from a rafter, his tip-toes barely touching the ground One of the white hoods holds the other end of the rope. Another man (DEX) stands nearby with a shotgun. 103.
89) 23) dialog: Yes...
90) 0) text: Jamie is awakened by a bucket of cold rain water. He is bruised, blurry and dazed. But as focus restores he sees mass of white hoods staring down at him. Among the hoods is Pappy’s face. Jamie recoils and tries push him away but his hands are tied behind his back. Pap yanks him upright and props him against the wall. Jamie s that Ronsel now hangs from a cross-beam, naked and bloodi
92) 0) text: Hap, Marlon, Florence, and OTHER BLACK DEACONS push the d open and enter the scene of the crucifixion. Ronsel hangs bleeding from the crossbeam, the Black Messiah. Hap and Marlon immediately set to levering him down. Florence’s h goes to her mouth.
102) 4) dialog: My nightmare is always the same. First I’m in a tank wearing a helmet. Then I’m in the back of a car with a burlap sack over my head. (MORE )
102) 6) dialog: I’m surrounded by enemies and the stench of their hate is choking me.
103) 1) dialog: I scream. My lips move and I can feel the strain. But nothing is coming out. Nothing.
104) 1) dialog: But should my story end there? Silenced and defeated? Oppression, fear, deformity. It would take an extraordinary man to beat all that.
105) 1) dialog: I would have had to wean myself off laudanum and self-pity. Then I would have had to work the fields with my father while I gathered my courage and saved my money. And then I would have had to swallow my pride and accept help from Army buddies who had learned of my plight. I would have had to take the scholarship to Morehouse College they arranged for me and travel the four hundred miles to Atlanta alone with a little card in my shirt pocket that said ‘mute’.
106) 1) dialog: And then finally, I would have had cross the Atlantic yet again. This time not for war. But for love.