80) 0) text: Sheriff Thacker knocking on the truck window. Jamie, red- eyed, stubbled, haggard shoulders a line of drool away. H wakes slowly, drags his sodden gaze to the window. Henry frowns over the Sheriff’s shoulder. Jamie shudders, strug with the car door. Sheriff helps rip it open. Jamie stumb into the light.
80) 1) dialog: We'll get it hauled out in the morning, Henry. Jamie and Henry clamber out of the ditch in silence. Jami is hungover and haggard.
89) 3) dialog: (re: Ronsel) Take it off. Dex moves to Ronsel and yanks the sack off his head. As h eyes adjust to the light we see that Ronsel has been beat
89) 10) dialog: Bring forth the evidence. One of the white hoods moves forward and brings out the letter and the photograph from Resl. Both Jamie and Ronse see it and sink. The white hood hands it to Pappy. SHERIFF THACKER (CONT’D) You know why you’re here, nigger? (off Ronsel’s silence) I asked you a question. Ronsel stays silent. Sheriff throws a nod to Orris who wa over to Ronsel and slugs him with a left and then a right the ribs. The thuds from the blows force grunts from Rons 104. Jamie winces. But Ronsel stays as cool. He will not show them his fear. Pappy walks up to Ronsel and shows him the letter and the picture of Resl and Franz. Ronsel eyes the photo. SHERIFF THACKER (CONT’D) Did you rut with this woman?
89) 17) dialog: Oh you’re good, pretty boy. Too bad you’re full of shit.
89) 22) dialog: Answer him! The noose tightens. Ronsel won’t deny his own son and he Manages to choke out the word:
89) 24) dialog: Leviticus 19:19. “Ye shall keep my statutes. Thou shalt not let thy cattle gender with a diverse kind. Thou shalt not sow thy field with mingled seed." The penalty for abomination is death.
90) 7) dialog: How?
90) 9) dialog: (after a beat) Alright then. What’ll it be?
90) 14) dialog: I'll give you a choice. His eyes. His tongue. Or his balls. Choose. (off Jamie’s silence) Choose godammit!
90) 18) dialog: Which is it, boy? Jamie's head drops and he mumbles something.