13) 0) text: Where Henry and Laura make love. Henry climaxes, then slo rolls off of her. They both catch their breath and stare the ceiling for several post-coital beats, then:
22) 0) text: The roof leaks in several spots. Henry and Hap back in wi Laura’s piano. Pappy sits on a rocking chair, smoking as watches.
31) 0) text: Where CARL ATWOOD (Caucasian, 30’s) leans against a tree sipping from a flask. He grunts at his very pregnant wife VERA (Caucasian, 30's) as she carries a heavy pail of wat
49) 1) dialog: Howdy Miz McAllan! Vera like a child, pressed against the screen door. Laura lowers her book, affixes pleasantness to her face.
49) 3) dialog: Vera. You can call me Vera.
49) 5) dialog: This here is my youngest, Alma. Vera’s skinny daughter ALMA, recessive of chin and dull o eye lifts her gaze to Laura’s. 63.
49) 6) dialog: We needa talk to you.
50) 0) text: Vera crossing her dirty bare feet on Laura’s rug. Laura t not to notice. Her daughter Alma in the window picking at ends of her hair.
50) 1) dialog: You cain’t put us off.
50) 3) dialog: We ain’t got nowhere to go if you put us off. Nobody’1l hire us this late in the season.
50) 5) dialog: I’m asking you to keep us on.
50) 7) dialog: And if it was?
53) 0) text: Dirty CHILDREN straddle and climb the rickety porch raili Vera Atwood nudges tight brown fur backward over limp squirrel haunches.
67) 2) dialog: You need to take me to town. I’m gon’ kill Carl. Laura clocks Vera’s knife. Checks the girls who are playi on, oblivious. Laura keep panic out of her voice.
67) 4) dialog: I don’t have time to sit down. He’s with her now. He’s started in on Alma, just like he did with Renie. Amanda Leigh looking scared, she takes her sister’s hand. Laura keeps panic out of her voice.
67) 8) dialog: You got to take me to town now. 81.
67) 10) dialog: I seen you driving before. Laura grasps at a lie.
86) 0) text: Rain as Ronsel trudges up the road. Then he reacts to the crescendo of approaching cars. He turns and sees two sets headlights approaching fast. Ronsel jumps down into the ditch. But instead of passing, the cars pull up and stop. Ronsel is a bit blinded by the headlights and the rain. But soon several figures in whit sheets and hoods pile out of the cars and rush at him. Ronsel runs but they are on him like a pack of dogs. He fights and struggles, landing several hard punches. But h outnumbered.
93) 0) text: Driving rain and howling wind outside. Pappy sleeps peacefully, his breathing deep and steady. A LIGHTNING FL accompanied by THUNDER briefly ILLUMINATES the room. Several beats, then more THUNDER and LIGHTNING and we see Jamie standing by Pappy’s bedside. He stares at Pappy as clinches the pillow in his hands. Then finally he shakes Pappy violently: