61) 0) text: The sun glints through the thinning trees. Eric wades thr the deep sludge, Snow White following in his steps. Eric looks at her a moment, then suddenly turns away as h sees her expression change -- GHOSTLY BACKLIT FIGURES EMERGE on the banks of the marsh holding bows and arrows. Eric looks around for an escape but everywhere he turns MORE FIGURES APPEAR. He draws his axe when A FIGURE IN A HOODED CLOAK (ANNA) a clutching her bow like a goddess.
61) 1) dialog: They say only demons or spirits can survive the dark forest. Which are you? Eric, unsure, pulls his hatchet and steps in front of Sno White protecting her.
61) 3) dialog: Neither. Perhaps you are the Queen's spies?
62) 8) dialog: Gone. Anna paddles a boat as they approach the village. Eric an Snow White speak quietly.
62) 12) dialog: You have travelled far Huntsman. With a heavy burden. Snow white is playing with Lily. They are making little d from straw.
62) 14) dialog: You mean... you do not know who she is? His eyes narrow.
63) 0) text: Snow White lies in her bed. Nearby sleep Anna and Lily.
63) 2) dialog: That is not a kind thing to say in these times. Youth one cannot alter... beauty, however. We have sacrificed beauty to raise our children in peace. And you, your sacrifice will come, princess.
63) 15) dialog: You must prepare yourself, my dear. For a time soon comes when you must deliver that sacrifice. Will you be ready? Anna suddenly stops. As if something has disturbed her. S gets up and leaves.
63) 17) dialog: Sleep my dear. You must rest. She leaves. 96c EXT. FENLAND VILLAGE. NIGHT. 96c Eric makes his way along the perimeter, finding a path through the trees. Suddenly he stops. Turns. Twenty feet away. It's Anna.
63) 18) dialog: How can you desert her now you know the truth?
63) 20) dialog: She's the only one that can save us. She needs you.
63) 22) dialog: There's good in you Huntsman. I can see it.
65) 0) text: Snow White re-enters the hut just as A FLAMING ARROW pier through the thatch and sticks next to Lily's sleeping hea Snow White pushes Lily away from the fire and grabs the arrow. Anna SCREAMS because - A MERCENARY races into the hut. On impulse Snow White backhand STABS HIM in the leg WITH FLAMING ARROW and he tumbles, flames burning his clothes. Snow White stares at him for a moment, his face, his pain Anna shakes her out of the moment and they all race out.
67) 0) text: Snow White runs with Lily and Anna when she sees a FEARSO MERCENARY leap off his horse and stride towards them.
70) 9) dialog: You will! Go! Eric holds her firmly, pulling her away against her will.