75) 62) dialog: Leave 'em to rot.
75) 64) dialog: That would work, too, but my way's cleaner. Note: Coll and Duir have this "at each other but we're comrades" relationship. Coll also has an incessant cough.
75) 88) dialog: True, but because of your size you eat and drink more, which costs more, so...
76) 0) text: The dwarves and their captives arrive at a rocky outcrop. and Coll pull back a large root exposing a cave entrance.
77) 0) text: From their hidden vantage point, Eric, Snow White, and th dwarves watch the riders searching for them. Some gallop a small troop remain behind. Realizing they have no choic to retreat further, Duir and Coll signal and the dwarves them deeper into the cave system.
80) 0) text: HEARTY, SOULFUL SINGING. Seated among the ruins, the dwar sing a Celtic ballad as old as time, GUS playing the fidd Coll and Duir sit away from the others, gazing out with t thousand yard stare of hardened war veterans.
80) 1) dialog: That song takes me back to the battle of Tylweth Gate. A small horde versus an army. Pickaxes against swords and spears.
84) 0) text: Coll and Duir leap up at Aldan, trying to drag him off hi horse, but he's a ferocious fighter, driving them both ba
90) 26) dialog: 
94) 0) text: A FIRE CRACKLES. The dwarves have set up camp. Coll and D sit on a rocky outcrop, Coll braiding Duir's hair while D sharpens his axe.
94) 1) dialog: That's not how you sharpen an axe. You sharpen downward. Not upward..
94) 16) dialog: Well he taught you wrong. He raises the axe, only half in jest.
105) 0) text: Coll and Duir wade through the sewage, their axes held up front of them, not a flicker of emotion on their faces.
105) 2) dialog: I like them odds. Behind them, Beith covers his nose from the stench, Gort Nion look like they're about to be sick, and Muir and his bring up the rear, the brown slime almost at Quert's mout
107) 3) dialog: Four tops.
109) 0) text: Coll and Duir move stealthily through the busy courtyard, small and fleet they're almost invisible.
112) 0) text: Two unsuspecting guards collapse outside the gatehouse. B the other guards can react, Coll and Duir are on them, mo fast and hard, the assault over in seconds.
113) 0) text: Beith sees Coll and Duir signal from outside the gatehous
117) 0) text: A huge pulley controls the portcullis. Beith, Gort and Ni their pickaxes while Coll and Duir tie up the guards.