75) 63) dialog: Yeah. Or skewer him and leave her to rot!
75) 87) dialog: (whispers to Coll) I get more than you.
75) 96) dialog: Riders! The dwarves look round to see a DOZEN SILHOUETTED HORSEME appear on the crest of a DISTANT HILL.
77) 0) text: From their hidden vantage point, Eric, Snow White, and th dwarves watch the riders searching for them. Some gallop a small troop remain behind. Realizing they have no choic to retreat further, Duir and Coll signal and the dwarves them deeper into the cave system.
80) 0) text: HEARTY, SOULFUL SINGING. Seated among the ruins, the dwar sing a Celtic ballad as old as time, GUS playing the fidd Coll and Duir sit away from the others, gazing out with t thousand yard stare of hardened war veterans.
80) 2) dialog: Them were the days.
81) 0) text: Eric and the dwarves are asleep. Flowers have grown aroun as if they've been asleep for months. Cull and Duir sleep sitting up, back to back, at the read
84) 0) text: Coll and Duir leap up at Aldan, trying to drag him off hi horse, but he's a ferocious fighter, driving them both ba
90) 25) dialog: (whispers to Coll) Does this mean we're not fighting the Queen?
94) 0) text: A FIRE CRACKLES. The dwarves have set up camp. Coll and D sit on a rocky outcrop, Coll braiding Duir's hair while D sharpens his axe.
94) 9) dialog: My father taught me how to sharpen an axe.
94) 17) dialog: You want to test it? William watches Snow White warming herself by the fire, t heads over to Eric, who is also keeping watch.
105) 0) text: Coll and Duir wade through the sewage, their axes held up front of them, not a flicker of emotion on their faces.
105) 1) dialog: Seven dwarves against an army.
107) 2) dialog: (Pulling out a huge knife) Give us a couple of minutes.
109) 0) text: Coll and Duir move stealthily through the busy courtyard, small and fleet they're almost invisible.
112) 0) text: Two unsuspecting guards collapse outside the gatehouse. B the other guards can react, Coll and Duir are on them, mo fast and hard, the assault over in seconds.
113) 0) text: Beith sees Coll and Duir signal from outside the gatehous
117) 0) text: A huge pulley controls the portcullis. Beith, Gort and Ni their pickaxes while Coll and Duir tie up the guards.
119) 0) text: Beith peers down at the jammed counter-weights in frustra when he hears a fierce cry. GORT jumps on the counter-wei trying to bring it down. Nion follows, yellingatthetopofh voice. Duir puffs up his proud chest and leapsontoo--