6) 0) text: Snow White and William, with a small toy bow strapped to back, climb the branches of the apple tree in the cloiste gardens. William picks a DISTINCTIVE RED AND WHITE APPLE offers it to Snow White. He makes a point of the offer, holding it out, nodding. Just as she comes to take it he pulls it away and takes a huge bite himself, grinning. Snow White shoves him off th tree and they fall to the ground. And now we PULL BACK to reveal the King and William's fat DUKE HAMMOND, watching from the throne room balcony.
6) 2) dialog: We are here to serve you, your Majesty. As the King watches his daughter, ERIC'S VOICEOVER resume
7) 0) text: From above we see horses movie through the forest and ent clearing. At the head is -- King Magnus, with Duke Hammond by his side, surrounded by line of the King's Army. They are frozen as they look at- Across the battlefield - Horsemen in a line. THE RIDERS a silhouetted on a misty plain -- a VAST SHADOW ARMY of fac warriors. King Magnus and the Duke trade a look -
7) 1) dialog: From what hell comes this army?
16) 0) text: The chaos has spread to the courtyard, DUKE HAMMOND'S KNI struggling to hold back the invaders. Snow White hurries dazed by the sight of battle, then sees William pull free father's guards and run towards her -- William grabs her protectively when strong arms reach dow lift them both onto the back of separate horses. Duke Ham and his personal guard are attempting to ride out of the before the portcullis closes. The Duke rides under the portcullis with William. His bod is about to follow when an ARROW FROM FINN STRIKES HIM IN BACK and both he and Snow White are thrown off their hors
55) 0) text: Grim faced COMMANDERS look on as DUKE HAMMOND comforts a sobbing man in the firelight. We recognise the old rebel, THOMAS, whose son was killed by Ravenna.
55) 4) dialog: 
56) 8) dialog: I have news of the Princess. William stares in surprise --
56) 10) dialog: Ravenna has kept her all these years.
56) 12) dialog: She escaped the castle and into the dark
56) 15) dialog: We don't know if she survived -- Duke Hammond grabs him by the arm.
56) 16) dialog: You ventured beyond the walls tonight, disobeying my orders. We are all that's left, William. I cannot afford to lose any more of my men.
56) 18) dialog: And I cannot afford to lose my only heir! You do not know the dark forest!
99) 0) text: Tent flaps open. William stands before Duke Hammond and h council of LORDS, arguing his case with fierce passion --
99) 2) dialog: Your grief clouds your judgement, my son.
101) 0) text: The council session continues. Duke Hammond stares at William gravely.
101) 1) dialog: My duty is to protect the people who come to me for help. I will defend them with my last drop of blood but I will not abandon these walls. I cannot afford to believe in miracles. He suddenly stops as the SHOUTS outside the tent get loud He goes to the flap, opens it to see -- Snow White , still dressed in her white funeral robes, st at the top of the stairs that leads down into the courtya 171a EXT. COURTYARD - DUKE HAMMOND'S CASTLE 171a Everyone comes out of their tents and stands beneath Snow White. Her heart pounding, she makes her way down the stairs. All are riveted by the sight of her, as if they'r looking on an angel or a living miracle. Eric makes his way back into the courtyard and he, too, i stunned as he slides in next to the dwarves in the crowd.
101) 3) dialog: Your highness... (He can't believe his eyes) We thought you...
101) 10) dialog: You must rest -
101) 13) dialog: There will be no battle, your highness. The best thing you can do for your people is stay safe behind these walls.
101) 15) dialog: The Queen cannot be defeated. She cannot be killed. And therefore there can be no victory. Snow White hesitates, her heart pounding, then replies:
102) 16) dialog: Is there any other way in? Tunnels? Caves?
102) 25) dialog: But how?
105) 4) dialog: We don't have much time.
116) 0) text: On the castle walls, archers replace the trebuchets. Snow holds up her shield to protect herself from the sea of ar Up ahead, the portcullis is still down, Duke Hammond's fo circling back as they're trapped against the walls.