10) 25) dialog: They're coming! The King's men!
10) 28) dialog: I will protect my sister! Ravenna's mother reaches out and touches her son's forehe closes her eyes, an incantation of sorts...
10) 29) dialog: So it shall be, Finn.
11) 0) text: Ravenna exits the castle and crosses the courtyard with a lantern. A portcullis opens and DARK FIGURES emerge from shadows, entering the castle. Leading them is a tall pale warrior (FINN). He looks at Ravenna devotedly.
15) 0) text: Snow White rushes towards her father's chamber and sees R at the end of the corridor. Relieved, she hurries towards stepmother when suddenly she notices her father's lifeles lying on the bed. FINN and his KNIGHTS appear beside Rave takes a moment for the betrayal to sink in, tears of shoc welling in Snow White's eyes, before she turns and flees
16) 0) text: The chaos has spread to the courtyard, DUKE HAMMOND'S KNI struggling to hold back the invaders. Snow White hurries dazed by the sight of battle, then sees William pull free father's guards and run towards her -- William grabs her protectively when strong arms reach dow lift them both onto the back of separate horses. Duke Ham and his personal guard are attempting to ride out of the before the portcullis closes. The Duke rides under the portcullis with William. His bod is about to follow when an ARROW FROM FINN STRIKES HIM IN BACK and both he and Snow White are thrown off their hors
24) 0) text: Ravenna stands, attended by MAIDS, in a black gown, open front. Appropriate in private but not when -- Ravenna's GENERALS and Finn stand across from her. The Generals avert their eyes, made uncomfortable by her near nakedness. The General uses a pointer to make his presentation while another holds a map.
24) 23) dialog: Yes, my Queen.
26) 0) text: Ravenna sweeps into the great hall. The Generals and Finn snap to attention. She stops and st at TWO MEN, the captured insurgents. THOMAS, a grizzled old rebel, looks badly bruised and bea while his handsome son, LAIN, is unmarked. They both star her defiantly. Ravenna faces the two rebels. A SOLDIER steps forward.
26) 18) dialog: Are you alright? Ravenna pulls her arm away furiously. The General and the others stare, alarmed.
26) 22) dialog: Magic comes at a lofty price.
26) 24) dialog: You look...
26) 26) dialog: Tired.
28) 23) dialog: Yes, Queen?...
29) 7) dialog: Did I wake you? Snow White shakes her head gently.
29) 8) dialog: Are you always awake when I watch you?
29) 12) dialog: My Queen won't allow it. She wants you all to herself.
29) 14) dialog: Not of me.
29) 16) dialog: It's alright, princess. You will never again be locked in a cell.
29) 25) dialog: Your beating heart. Snow White grips the roofing nail even tighter as she loo at him. As he leans closer, she notices his off hand - th dagger and -- She SLASHES him across the face with the nail. Blood flie Finn reacts, grabs his face in pain, yells and Snow White kicks him and runs for the door, locking it behind --
30) 2) dialog: 
43) 0) text: From above we see Ravenna striding furiously in a circle her own. She is livid, a whirling dervish. She's fairly spitting as she barks at Finn, who stands in middle of the room, his face bleeding.
43) 17) dialog: She was chased into the dark forest. She's likely already dead. She SCREAMS and slaps him viciously.
43) 19) dialog: Have I not given all to you?! She takes this, softens, unexpectedly, and almost smiles.
43) 21) dialog: Indeed, my Queen.
44) 0) text: Finn speaks to a group of people assembled by his men.
44) 1) dialog: The Queen demands the services of someone to navigate the Dark Forest. The villagers stay mum, shaking their heads.
44) 10) dialog: You will be compensated. Still no takers. An OLD-TIMER stares right at FINN, steps forwards.
44) 12) dialog: Where might I find him.
45) 14) dialog: The Queen demands your presence.
47) 0) text: Mist drifts across the moors, the primordial trees loomin ahead. Finn and Eric ride side by side, FOUR GUARDS follo
47) 7) dialog: You fought in the west? Against the armies of the five kings? Eric nods without looking at him, gazing at the forest.
47) 8) dialog: You must have seen a great deal of death?
47) 10) dialog: Come now, you're being modest. There is a difference between gutting a deer and gutting a man. How many did you kill?
47) 12) dialog: (with a smile) Nor I. But I recall every face. There is no greater delight than battle. Eric finds this unseemly, but prefers not to engage.
47) 13) dialog: Come now, huntsman, what do you feel when you watch a man die? Delight? Invincibility?
47) 16) dialog: And what of them? At the tip of your sword. What do they feel? I'd enjoy knowing. Eric looks at him, realizing from Finn's face that it is honest question. -
47) 17) dialog: The.only difference between you and I is I'-never found a wife to save my soul.
49) 0) text: Eric and Finn have tethered their nervous horses and stan the entrance to the bog.
50) 0) text: Snow White finally shakes free of the vines, jumps up and she's being followed. She looks up at the trees but all s are vague shadows. The wind picks up, ghostly voices howl the breeze. She's rooted to the spot for a moment, then l her nerve and runs -- 64aEXT. DARK FOREST - DAY. 64a Eric, Finn and the Guards move through a dark copse of tr VOICES AND WHISPERS-call to them from the wind. Eric stop looks around.
52) 21) dialog: Well done, huntsman. Hand her over.
52) 24) dialog: Why do you care? Finn nods and the Guards approach. Eric grips her tighter
52) 27) dialog: Come now huntsman, you did your job well. Keep your word and hand her over.
52) 40) dialog: You are a drunk and a fool. My Queen has many powers; she can take life or sustain it. But she can't bring your wife back from the dead.
52) 49) dialog: Butcher him! Find her! The Guards, also trying to cover their noses, move forwar Eric has a decision to make. Bad odds. And he's injured. Eric decides in an instant, grabs his knife out of the dead Guard, as well as his hat from the tree and runs after Snow White --
53) 0) text: Snow White crashes through the woods. Then a HAND grabs her shoulder-- Eric. He slaps a palm over her mouth before she can screa and slides down a steep slope into undergrowth. 67a EXT. DARK FOREST - FINN - SAME 67a Finn is on his feet but still hallucinating - stumbling about. The Guards are spooked as they look all around.
53) 1) dialog: This is not finished! The words echo through the dark forest. 67b EXT. DARK FOREST - ERIC AND SNOW WHITE - SAME 67b Eric removes his hand from Snow White's mouth. At once she PUNCHES HIM WITH ALL SHE'S GOT. He steps back, licks his bloody lip. She takes another sw This one he manages to grab.
58) 0) text: A motley crew of woodsmen stand side to side. Finn is eye them, sizing them up, picking a crew.
58) 1) dialog: Which of you knows the dark forest? A powerfully built Yakut tracker, ALDAN, and BROCH both n
58) 2) dialog: You. You. You. You. He's selected Aldan, Broch and points to others. As we mo down the line we see -- William, hat low, trying to look tough. Finn selects a few more.
58) 3) dialog: Load and prepare. You ride for bounty. Into the dark forest. The rest of you. Away ! As they disperse.. William sets his jaw, and heads off..
58) 6) dialog: I have a bowman. Away. WILLIAM stands unblinking.
58) 7) dialog: I said away, damn you! WILLIAM doesn't move. Finn turns to the bowman.
58) 8) dialog: Kill him.
58) 32) dialog: Wait! Finn sizes up William.
58) 33) dialog: You're quick with a bow.
58) 35) dialog: Why?
58) 37) dialog: Have you traversed the Dark Forest?
58) 39) dialog: Then what use are you?
58) 42) dialog: Replace him. William looks at Finn gratefully. Finn studies him with a curious smile then rides on.
60) 0) text: Finn reacts as if he heard Ravenna's words. He did. They that kind of connection. Spooked, he continues on. The ot trackers follow, William looking tense. At the back of th group, one of the mercenaries slows down, sensing somethi the forest. William is still watching Finn when they hear a bloodcurd CRY behind them. The mercenary's horse gallops out of the without its rider, a gaping wound in its side. William an others look shaken but Finn doesn't even turn around, rid 87a EXT. DARK FOREST - DAY. 87a Eric pulls Snow White along. Beyond a bridge we see open -- the bridge LEADS OUT OF THE DARK FOREST -- and birds circling on the distant horizon. Snow White looks relieved as she follows him down a slope They hurry through a sea of mist when suddenly Eric stops
66) 0) text: Finn and his hunters scour the inferno on their horses.
66) 1) dialog: Run, rats, run. Find her! William looks around the burning village in panic.
69) 0) text: Finn sits astride his horse like a demon king in the fire He spots William in the distance, searching for Snow Whit rides toward him.
71) 0) text: William jumps on his horse again, looking for Snow White the clouds of billowing smoke. Finn and Aldan ride up.
71) 1) dialog: Have you seen her?
73) 7) dialog: The word echoes in the palace --
74) 0) text: Finn, surrounded by smoke and fire, is beyond frustration He screams to the heavens in despair.
83) 0) text: Bow and arrow at the ready, Eric runs after Finn. All aro the forest is darkening. He follows the sound of gallopin hooves when suddenly they stop. He stops too, notching an to his bow, peering into the gloom and listening. There's a tense silence, then SUDDENLY HE HEARS A NOISE. spins around, ready to fire, when he sees it's only Finn' riderless horse galloping past -- He realizes too late that it's a trick -- FINN EXPLODES O THE DARKNESS, catching him a glancing blow with his sword
86) 0) text: Eric charges into Finn with a cry of rage. Finn deflects blow and hurls him back into the trees. Driven by fury, E charges again, but Finn uses his anger against him, ducki under the vicious blow and landing a brutal one of his ow Eric crashes into another tree. His eyes are still full o hatred but his body is weak. Finn smiles in contempt from yards away.
86) 1) dialog: I captured many girls, but your wife was special.
86) 3) dialog: She fought and then she begged. For her life. Please?!!! You should know she called for you. Your Sara.
86) 5) dialog: She told me. Just before I slit her throat.
86) 7) dialog: Now you can look for her in the other world and beg for her forgiveness.
87) 0) text: Finn writhes, fighting to pull himself free of the branch Eric holds him down, even as the spikes dig into him, for Finn's wounds to stay open - unable to heal.
87) 1) dialog: Sister -- heal me!! --
88) 4) dialog: Sister... Finn twitches for a moment, looks to Eric.
88) 5) dialog: I feel... Then the light goes out of his eyes. He is finally dead. Slowly, Eric pulls himself free of the branches cutting i flesh.