75) 48) dialog: Nothing, Miss. It's just... you been the prettiest thing I ever did seen. He smiles, almost sweetly, disarming her. Snow White look her other captors now, noticing a blind dwarf, (MUIR), wh with his son (QUERT), also gazing at her.
75) 72) dialog: 
79) 4) dialog: They call it Sanctuary, my lady. The Enchanted Forest. It's the home of the fairies. And slowly the hazy curtain gives way to an enchanted for as different to the dark forest as one could imagine -- Life grows everywhere -- LUSH GRASS, PROUD TREES COVERED
79) 8) dialog: Fairies.
80) 0) text: HEARTY, SOULFUL SINGING. Seated among the ruins, the dwar sing a Celtic ballad as old as time, GUS playing the fidd Coll and Duir sit away from the others, gazing out with t thousand yard stare of hardened war veterans.
80) 36) dialog: I know I'm a bit spongy to look at, Miss, but would you care to dance-with a little 'un?
80) 64) dialog: (As Snow White treads on his toes) You don't mind me saying, you got two left feet for a princess.
80) 67) dialog: Not at all. Snow White walks over to the Huntsman, holds out her hand
81) 23) dialog: Aye! The other Dwarves trade looks. Nion, the last, shrugs. As Snow White strokes the hart's neck, the golden light brightens, engulfing her.
81) 26) dialog: Come on! He runs with her into the forest. Aldan turns on William furiously, drawing his curved swor before he can swing the dwarves attack both men -- Eric only has eyes for Finn. They stare at each other in roaring wind, then Finn gallops into the forest after-Sno Eric RUNS in the same direction --
85) 0) text: William spots Snow White up ahead. She disappears into th trees and he rides faster. She erupts from behind a branc pulls him off his horse. Gus races over and raises his ax
85) 10) dialog: 
85) 12) dialog: I shan't leave you, Miss.
90) 0) text: Still bleeding from his wounds, Eric hurries back through forest until he sees Snow White and the seven dwarves gat around Gus's body, chanting a low prayer. Eric stares in surprise, then notices William.
91) 0) text: QUERT sings a CELTIC MELODY OF LOSS as Gus is laid out on funeral pyre. All around him, THE BRIGHT COLORS OF THE ENCHANTED FOREST HAVE FADED and there are no animals and fairies to be seen. It's as if Ravenna's shadow has passe here too. The tough, battle hardened dwarves shed tears l children. Snow White looks heartbroken as Beith lights th pyre. As the flames rise, a HAUNTING LAMENT carries us in the next scene ---