6) 1) dialog: My daughter will need your son's friendship more than ever, Duke Hammond. As will I yours.
7) 0) text: From above we see horses movie through the forest and ent clearing. At the head is -- King Magnus, with Duke Hammond by his side, surrounded by line of the King's Army. They are frozen as they look at- Across the battlefield - Horsemen in a line. THE RIDERS a silhouetted on a misty plain -- a VAST SHADOW ARMY of fac warriors. King Magnus and the Duke trade a look -
7) 2) dialog: A hell they'll soon revisit! King Magnus SCREAMS A BLOOD CRY, kicks his horse and ride forward with blind courage, no longer caring what happens him. The two lines of warriors race, pell-mell to the center o the battlefield. When they meet -- Hand to hand combat at its most brutal. King Magnus swings his great sword, and a SHADOW WARRIOR SHATTERS LIKE GLASS. All down the line the same is happening - Shadow Warriors shattering, evaporating. Strange. DUKE HAMMOND shatters an opponent as well and as loud and furious as the battlefield was only moments before, it is that quiet. The King and the Duke watch in amazement as the rest of t SHADOW ARMY melts away, DISSOLVING INTO THE MORNING MIST all that is left in the field is --
7) 10) dialog: You are now free. You have nothing to fear from me. Duke Hammond watches from outside the cage, a bit wary, a King kneels beside the terrified woman.
7) 11) dialog: What is your name, my lady? Slowly, the woman turns. For a moment the King wonders if his beloved Queen behind the veil. Gently, he lifts her v It's not his wife, but the most beautiful woman he's ever
9) 0) text: Ravenna, in a stunning dress,.walks down the center aisle the NOBLES in the land are present. Ravenna looks at them, on either side of the aisle. They smiling, nodding appreciation. But they aren't really loo at Ravenna. She follows their gaze to -- Snow White, behind, holding the folds of silk from the wedding dress. Snow White looks up, adoringly, at Ravenna As the bride and groom reach the altar, KING MAGNUS turns smiles, the happiest man alive.
10) 0) text: King Magnus lies on the bed, drunk - half with wine and h with lust. His eyes fixed on -- Ravenna, in a sheer silk nightgown standing near the fire holding a goblet. Staring a seductive hole through him. She starts slowly toward him, never taking her eyes off h He licks his lips - can't wait for her to arrive.
10) 1) dialog: (Gazing at her lustfully) Who are you?
10) 12) dialog: 
10) 16) dialog: What...?