56) 0) text: FLAMING MOSS is thrown into a puddle of oil and a MASSIVE FIRE lights up the night. William, rapid-fires his bow at close quarters into a lin the Queen's supply wagons and the fight is on. A VIOLENT CLASH OF SWORDS IN CLOSE QUARTER FIGHTING. His COMPANIONS are as wild and hot-headed as he is, roari with delight as the Queen's men finally flee.
75) 36) dialog: Shut your ugly mug, huntsman. You had any pennies they would have fallen out your pockets by now.
75) 38) dialog: Pull the other one, you lying dangler.
75) 59) dialog: People, not ruttish swine. Nion gives Eric another smack around the head.
79) 0) text: Snow White and the huntsman emerge from the cave to see a shimmering landscape of glistening moss and sunlight. It' a mirage. The air is filled with specks of pollen and a s HUMMING NOISE echoes like music. For Snow White, it's the beautiful sound she's ever heard. Next to her, Nion, snor
79) 1) dialog: Blasted fairy music. Wish I had some wax to stuff my ears.
80) 44) dialog: I don't trust her. And I don't believe in her, no matter what Muir says. Gort is still melancholy...
80) 46) dialog: As long as the Queen's in charge we'll never know.
80) 48) dialog: Queer. Since when?
80) 50) dialog: Better. Gort's look goes from Nion to Snow White.
80) 52) dialog: How much have you had to drink?! The huntsman drains the last few drops of his rum when BE approaches, sitting beside him gruffly.
90) 21) dialog: We need to convene. They all follow him a few steps away, where they have privacy.
90) 23) dialog: This is what happens when dwarves mix with men. We always come out worse. We have big hearts and we'll fight for any cause -- but for what? For some new Queen to call us runts and turn us out of our homes again?
90) 29) dialog: What use is gold if you're dangling by your bony neck, you jackdaw?!
90) 41) dialog: Gus lost his life because of her!
103) 2) dialog: We're promised gold and volunteer for manure. How low has the dwarf race sunk?
119) 0) text: Beith peers down at the jammed counter-weights in frustra when he hears a fierce cry. GORT jumps on the counter-wei trying to bring it down. Nion follows, yellingatthetopofh voice. Duir puffs up his proud chest and leapsontoo--