7) 12) dialog: My name is Ravenna, sire. The King is speechless now, gazing upon the face of an an
8) 3) dialog: That is kind, child. Especially when it is said that yours is the face of true beauty in this kingdom. Snow White doesn't quite know how to answer this.
8) 4) dialog: (A warm smile) Would you like to be dressed up like this and married one day? Snow White nods.
8) 5) dialog: I hope you'll invite me?
8) 7) dialog: I know it is difficult, child. When I was your age I, too, lost my mother.
8) 15) dialog: Yes. A King tore me from her arms, dressed me in lace and stole my innocence. Snow White's smile dies a bit; confused.
8) 16) dialog: I can never take your mother's place, but I feel that you and I are bound. (touches her heart) I feel it here. Snow White mimics, touching her own heart, and smiles at Ravenna. It should be a touching moment but something in Snow White's face - the way her smile lights up the room gives Ravenna pause.
9) 0) text: Ravenna, in a stunning dress,.walks down the center aisle the NOBLES in the land are present. Ravenna looks at them, on either side of the aisle. They smiling, nodding appreciation. But they aren't really loo at Ravenna. She follows their gaze to -- Snow White, behind, holding the folds of silk from the wedding dress. Snow White looks up, adoringly, at Ravenna As the bride and groom reach the altar, KING MAGNUS turns smiles, the happiest man alive.
10) 0) text: King Magnus lies on the bed, drunk - half with wine and h with lust. His eyes fixed on -- Ravenna, in a sheer silk nightgown standing near the fire holding a goblet. Staring a seductive hole through him. She starts slowly toward him, never taking her eyes off h He licks his lips - can't wait for her to arrive.
10) 2) dialog: The bane of Kings. When she does arrive she slowly crawls onto the bed, roll him on his back, straddles him and offers the goblet.
10) 3) dialog: Sup, my lord. King Magnus drains the goblet, tosses it and gropes her b
10) 10) dialog: Now you are mine. Her eyes gleam in the firelight. Magnus tries to playfull wrestle her off, but she grabs his hands and holds him do firmly.
10) 11) dialog: I will destroy you.
10) 14) dialog: As my people were destroyed. As my family was destroyed. As I would have been destroyed. He is slightly confused by this and his face begins to sh discomfort.
10) 15) dialog: But when a woman stays young forever - no man can resist her - and the world is hers. He suddenly STARTS TO CHOKE, his eyes widening in surpris As he struggles for breath...
10) 17) dialog: First I will take your life, my lord. Then I will take your throne. She reaches beneath the sheets, pulls out an ORNATE DAGGE and BRINGS IT DOWN THROUGH HIM -- 13a EXT. OUTSIDE ROYAL BEDROOM 13a Several Guards line the hallway. The door opens and Raven emerges. As she moves past them...
10) 18) dialog: The King has laid down his sword for the night. Their eyes take her, lustfully, in as she strides away an disappears around a corner.
10) 26) dialog: Drink! Ravenna chokes it down.
11) 0) text: Ravenna exits the castle and crosses the courtyard with a lantern. A portcullis opens and DARK FIGURES emerge from shadows, entering the castle. Leading them is a tall pale warrior (FINN). He looks at Ravenna devotedly.
11) 1) dialog: Welcome, brother.
17) 0) text: Ravenna walks from statue to painting to urn, toppling an tearing them from the walls. Cleaning house. Ravenna's so deliver a large object, then leaving her alone. A BEAUTIF MIRROR rests against the wall. Ravenna stares at it.
17) 1) dialog: Mirror, mirror, on the wall Who is the fairest of them all? There'.s a brief silence, then the surface of the mirror LIQUID-spills onto the floor where it reforms into the sh THE MIRROR MAN. His body is a veil of reflective bronze b face-is a distorted version of Ravenna's own.
17) 12) dialog: So kind of you all to stay over.
17) 14) dialog: To the sword.
17) 20) dialog: Finn! Finn stops his exit with Snow White, and turns. Ravenna stares at the little girl, not sure where she stands with this one. And then,...
17) 21) dialog: Lock her away. One never knows when royal blood may be of value.
24) 0) text: Ravenna stands, attended by MAIDS, in a black gown, open front. Appropriate in private but not when -- Ravenna's GENERALS and Finn stand across from her. The Generals avert their eyes, made uncomfortable by her near nakedness. The General uses a pointer to make his presentation while another holds a map.
24) 8) dialog: And what of the Duke?
24) 10) dialog: Lay siege to it.
24) 12) dialog: Then lure him out! Burn every village that supports him. Poison their wells. If they still resist put their heads on pikes to decorate the roads!
24) 15) dialog: I wish to interrogate them myself. She drops her robe and walks up the steps to her bath. Sh lowers herself into the white liquid. Her face disappears beneath the viscous liquid, then she rises, like a porcel statue.
24) 20) dialog: 
24) 22) dialog: Finn, do you remember when we were children, begging for scraps like those wretches?
24) 24) dialog: Am I not kinder?
26) 0) text: Ravenna sweeps into the great hall. The Generals and Finn snap to attention. She stops and st at TWO MEN, the captured insurgents. THOMAS, a grizzled old rebel, looks badly bruised and bea while his handsome son, LAIN, is unmarked. They both star her defiantly. Ravenna faces the two rebels. A SOLDIER steps forward.
26) 2) dialog: You left your home, your family, the bosom of my protection, to aid my enemies? Why?
26) 4) dialog: Lost everything?
26) 6) dialog: Very handsome.
26) 8) dialog: There was a time I would have lost my heart to a face like yours -- and you would have no doubt broken mine. In a flash Iain grabs a Guard's dagger and rams it into Ravenna's chest. She makes a pained face, looks down at t dagger, then up to Iain.
26) 9) dialog: You would kill your Queen? She pulls the dagger out - there is no"wound, no blood - drops it on the ground. Iain and Thomas are shocked.
26) 16) dialog: (admiring; to Iain) You have beauty. And courage. But how strong is your heart? She smiles, almost regrettably, then places her hand on h chest. We hear HIS HEART START TO HAMMER -- LOUDER AND LO He grimaces in pain as she SQUEEZES -- the hammering fill ears -- until his heart finally bursts and he drops dead. Thomas falls to his knees in horror, trying to revive his Finn draws his sword to behead him when Ravenna raises he
26) 17) dialog: No. Let him return to the Duke and speak of the generosity of his Queen. With that she sweeps out, followed by Finn. It's only now we see the lines on her face. Finn takes her by the arm a falters.
26) 19) dialog: 
26) 23) dialog: And the expense grows.
26) 25) dialog: old?...
26) 27) dialog: My powers... fade. This is about as much as Ravenna can confess. Finn watche as she walks up the stairs to the mirror chamber. Then he turns and CLAPS HIS HANDS TWICE. A GUARD appears and Finn nods.
28) 0) text: RAVENNA stares into her mirror now, rejuvenated.
28) 1) dialog: Mirror, mirror, on the wall, Who is the fairest of them all? The bronze ripples. The Mirror Man pours out and reforms.
28) 3) dialog: More beautiful, but --
28) 12) dialog: She won't live to see tomorrow. Who is it?! Give me her name?!
28) 20) dialog: Snow White?
43) 0) text: From above we see Ravenna striding furiously in a circle her own. She is livid, a whirling dervish. She's fairly spitting as she barks at Finn, who stands in middle of the room, his face bleeding.
43) 1) dialog: How is it an innocent young girl makes a fool of my brother?! Armed only with a nail?! If she'd had a sword she'd have taken the whole castle! We're in front of her, behind her, on her face, on her fe She picks up the pace as well as the volume --
43) 2) dialog: You swore to protect me! Do you not understand what, the girl means to us?! This is my future! This is everything. Everything! (MORE)ГўВЂВћ
43) 10) dialog: There is no one I can trust in this place!! There is no loyalty! None!!!!
43) 18) dialog: She's no good to me there, lost. I must have her heart! You have failed me! Finn's had enough, he erupts at her --
43) 20) dialog: Have I not given you all? All. She raises her finger and touches his face. His wound hea instantly and his face grows calm. He nods.
43) 22) dialog: Don't fail me again, Finn.
46) 0) text: RAVENS perch on the ledges and LURCHERS scamper about. Eric, still drunk, filthy, damp clothes, face bruised, en the room, eyes the ravens, then looks at -- Ravenna on her throne. She watches him curiously. He's mo interested in the aged scullery maids, including Rose, wh staring at him accusingly. He has no idea who they are or he's done wrong. Finally he comes before the Queen, sizin up like a tavern beauty.
46) 7) dialog: My brother tells me you are a widower, a drunkard and one of few who has ventured into the dark forest. Finn looks on, standing nearby.
46) 8) dialog: One of my prisoners has escaped there.
46) 10) dialog: She. She shoots Finn a pointed look then looks back at Eric.
46) 12) dialog: Find her. Bring her to me. Eric holds her gaze, uneasy at the request.
46) 14) dialog: You will be rewarded handsomely.
46) 16) dialog: There may be more than gold in the offing.
46) 18) dialog: That is none of your concern.
46) 20) dialog: You will do this for me, Huntsman.
46) 36) dialog: So you wish to be reunited with your beloved? Eric reacts instinctively, grabbing her by the throat. Th courtiers rise to their feet and the guards draw their swords, but Ravenna holds up her hand.
46) 38) dialog: My condolences. Ravenna holds his gaze.
46) 39) dialog: You miss her? His eyes say, yes, he misses her horribly.
46) 40) dialog: What would you give to bring her back? Eric stares at her curiously.
46) 41) dialog: You know of my powers. Bring me the girl and I will bring back your wife.
46) 43) dialog: I can. Believe me, huntsman. Eric's eyes say he wants to believe. Needs to believe.
46) 44) dialog: A life for a life.
55) 0) text: Grim faced COMMANDERS look on as DUKE HAMMOND comforts a sobbing man in the firelight. We recognise the old rebel, THOMAS, whose son was killed by Ravenna.
59) 0) text: A single blossom flowers on the dying apple tree. Ravenna looking weaker than before, stares at it quietly, as if s were gazing at Snow White. She reaches out and crushes th blossom in her hand, turning it into ash. Her look is one of conviction.
59) 1) dialog: Find her.
60) 0) text: Finn reacts as if he heard Ravenna's words. He did. They that kind of connection. Spooked, he continues on. The ot trackers follow, William looking tense. At the back of th group, one of the mercenaries slows down, sensing somethi the forest. William is still watching Finn when they hear a bloodcurd CRY behind them. The mercenary's horse gallops out of the without its rider, a gaping wound in its side. William an others look shaken but Finn doesn't even turn around, rid 87a EXT. DARK FOREST - DAY. 87a Eric pulls Snow White along. Beyond a bridge we see open -- the bridge LEADS OUT OF THE DARK FOREST -- and birds circling on the distant horizon. Snow White looks relieved as she follows him down a slope They hurry through a sea of mist when suddenly Eric stops
73) 0) text: Ravenna walks up the spiral staircase. She passes an old woman who glances at her. She walks past a few steps, thi she hears a whisper, then turns on a heel.
73) 1) dialog: What did you say? Then she's right in her face --
73) 2) dialog: 
73) 6) dialog: 
88) 0) text: Ravenna sits at her desk - she is small and alone in the  vastness of the hall. She stares off into space, a quill in her hand - parchmen out before her. Then suddenly her body convulses - the bottle of black in spills - dark tendrils of liquid seep across the papers a the floor. 
88) 1) dialog: Finn ...no!  She falls to the floor - writhing.  She fights hard at first - but then begins to weaken - he power fades as she ages.  Then she stops. 
88) 2) dialog: Forgive me, brother.
89) 0) text: She has broken their connection. We pull away from her.  Ravenna's head is down, depleted, forlorn. Completely sti Ink pools around her bony hands. But when she raises her We see conviction, hatred and determination.
89) 7) dialog: You will pay. You will pay!!!
91) 0) text: QUERT sings a CELTIC MELODY OF LOSS as Gus is laid out on funeral pyre. All around him, THE BRIGHT COLORS OF THE ENCHANTED FOREST HAVE FADED and there are no animals and fairies to be seen. It's as if Ravenna's shadow has passe here too. The tough, battle hardened dwarves shed tears l children. Snow White looks heartbroken as Beith lights th pyre. As the flames rise, a HAUNTING LAMENT carries us in the next scene ---
95) 0) text: Eric and William hear the panicked bird cries and run -- 158a EXT. SILVER BIRCH TREES/ MOUNTAINS - DAY. 158a Snow White's limbs are petrified, frost spreading across cheeks -- but her eyes are open, taking in everything. Ravenna leans over her, smiling.
95) 1) dialog: You see, child, love always betrays us. A sigh escapes Snow White's lips, condensing into steam.
95) 2) dialog: By fairest blood it was done and only by fairest blood can it be undone. You- were the only one who could break the-spell and end my life, and the only one pure enough to save me. She draws away, unwrapping her sacramental dagger.
95) 3) dialog: You don't realize how lucky you are, never to know what it is to grow old.
97) 0) text: The ravens burst into the mirror room and "crash" to the ground. Their swirl becomes -- Ravenna, on all fours, looking worse for wear, surrounded dead ravens. The effort depleted her. She GROWLS as she crawls toward the mirror.
97) 1) dialog: What must I do?! Where is she?! Where have they taken her?! Answer me! The mirror just REFLECTS RAVENNA'S weary and aging face.
97) 2) dialog: 
97) 4) dialog: help me...
102) 0) text: Ravenna and the general on the balcony. All around, soldi and Guards scurry to look busy lest they draw her wrath (though some can't help but notice her aging appearance. Ravenna sweeps away a map held out to her.
102) 1) dialog: I don't need a map to see you've failed me, fool, your face is map enough!
102) 3) dialog: Where are they now?
102) 5) dialog: Deserters?
102) 13) dialog: Let them come. Let them break their hearts and skulls on these castle walls and bring my prize to me. You must not harm her. I need her heart -- still warm with blood. As she strides away. To soldiers --
102) 14) dialog: Victory comes! 178a EXT. PLAINS - WIDE - DAWN. 178a Hammond's army thunders toward the castle. And then they arrive at -- 179 EXT. SAND DUNES OVERLOOKING RAVENNA'S CASTLE - DAWN. Horses crest the hill. And now, all around Snow White, we her army -- not just Duke Hammond's men -- but REBELS -- PEASANTS -- WOMEN -- all willing to follow her. Eric and William ride nearby. One of the Duke's commander arrives to brief him.
104) 0) text: Ravenna stares out. On the distant cliffs she sees the ba of the rebel army. A ray of sunlight pours through the cl lighting up the tiny figure of Snow White.
104) 1) dialog: Come to me.
106) 0) text: Ravenna stares out confidently, her eyes still fixed on S White's distant banner.
107) 0) text: The trap door in the courtyard rises and we see Beith's h up, his expert eyes scanning the courtyard until they spo portcullis. Ravenna's guards hurry past without seeing hi taking their positions on the battlements. Beith slips ba into the sewer.
108) 0) text: Snow White rides across the dunes. All around her, riders along the surf, waves crashing around them. Ravenna's cas comes into the view, the portcullis still down.
110) 0) text: Ravenna looks on as her archers take their positions and artillery men load missiles onto their trebuchets.
122) 0) text: From her balcony above the portcullis, Ravenna watches he men being slaughtered; she enjoys the spectacle (Ravenna not care one bit about those men). Her eyes are locked on White.
122) 1) dialog: Let her come to me...ALIVE! Ravenna's soldiers are merely there to hold Snow White's back. She has planned the whole thing, calculated every m
124) 0) text: Like a spider waiting in her web, with no concern about h soldiers' situation, Ravenna remains calm and calculated. Ravenna turns around and leaves the balcony to the throne room.
125) 0) text: SNOW WHITE rushes into the castle. As soon as she passes door a dozen of Ravenna's men come outside closing the tr
126) 3) dialog: 
126) 12) dialog: I'll show you thorns! In a terrifying tremor, the black ceiling of the throne r starts to shatter into millions of shards.  Snow White turns back to see William, Eric and Hammond's the shards fall down like razor blades.  The men try to protect themselves. Some are caught out an skewered to the stone floor. Ravenna looks down at them i complete satisfaction. 
126) 14) dialog: Come! ... Avenge your father, who was too weak to raise his sword. The millions of shards assemble themselves into three sev foot tall, razor sharp creatures. The DARK FAERIES: Raven ultimate soldiers. Snow White looks at Eric and William - unable to help her
126) 22) dialog: And every day, every hour led you to this ,moment. It burned inside you. It drove you forward, and here you are.. Listening only to her heart, Snow White lunges towards  Ravenna and tries - strikes at her with her sword. Ravenna steps aside and with very little effort - throws to the other side of the room.
126) 23) dialog: That's it. Fight. Fight for your land... for your loss and for Hope! 
126) 30) dialog: Watch them die. You gave them hope and they believed you. You have lead them to their deaths. How foolish your followers.
128) 0) text: Enraged, Snow White jolts her body and frees herself from Ravenna's grasp. She swings her sword at Ravenna. She parries every attack with her bare hands. Snow White is breathless. One more strike... but Ravenna blocks it again, and this time she doesn't let go.
128) 8) dialog: (face to face with Snow White) You were never ready for this princess! Snow White struggles to get out of her lock. Ravenna is t strong. Snow White's wrist is twisted. She holds her sword tight can't use it. Ravenna forces the twist. Her fragile bones crack.  Snow White screams in pain. The sword drops on the ground.
128) 11) dialog: Oh... please! Ravenna back hands Snow White, sending her crashing to th wall. SLAM! Cuts on her face.  Ravenna looms closer, through the fire in the middle of t room. She stands IN the fire, unaffected. For Snow White it is a vision of pure hell. So much power much hate.
128) 12) dialog: I have lived many lives. Ravaged entire kingdoms, I have been given powers you can't fathom. You cannot defeat ME?  .you are but a child! 
128) 14) dialog: But you are right... it is over.  Ravenna's laughter pierces Snow White like a dagger.  She feels powerless and lost, spitting blood and exhauste What else can she do? Snow White stands up, stumbles, her right arm limp, blood dripping down her face.  She stares at Ravenna, she won't back down... she will ne back down.
130) 0) text: Ravenna approaches and grabs Snow White by the throat, squeezing hard. Snow White is chocking.
130) 1) dialog: I will never stop... I will give this wretched world the Queen it deserves... Ravenna slams Snow White down onto the stone floor next t the mirror altar. Snow White stretches for her sword as Ravenna approaches. Ravenna un-sheaths her dagger. 
130) 2) dialog: 
130) 12) dialog: (in a spell incantation) By fairest blood it is done! Ravenna strikes... in the blink of an eye Snow White bloc her strike, reaches for her dagger and plunges it into Ravenna's chest, just as the huntsman taught her. Ravenna gasps, locks eyes with Snow White. 
130) 15) dialog: 
132) 0) text: Snow White approaches Ravenna and kneels beside her, Rave is weak. She ages dozens of years within seconds, her fac shows no anger, no hate, just a strange understanding.
132) 4) dialog: (whispering to Snow White) See child,... we are bound.
134) 0) text: In death, Ravenna's beautiful blue eyes are wide open, fi the halo of light that surrounds Snow White's head.