3) 0) text: SNOW WHITE runs, cupping the wounded bird in her hand, Wi dashing after her. The sun is out and the fields and fore lit up in all their glory. The children sprint through a BEAUTIFUL SEASIDE VILLAGE -- thatched homes with flower g HAPPY FARMERS and FAIR VILLAGE MAIDENS --
4) 0) text: A single apple tree stands in the middle of the cloisters stands out. Snow White and William dash past it into the
5) 0) text: Snow White bursts into her parent's chamber. The King and turn from the window. Two PHYSICIANS are in attendance. S White is too young and preoccupied to notice but her moth smile is tinged with sadness and her father looks heartbr
5) 9) dialog: I'll look after it. The King watches Snow White, hiding his sorrow behind a s So does the Queen, holding back her tears.
6) 0) text: Snow White and William, with a small toy bow strapped to back, climb the branches of the apple tree in the cloiste gardens. William picks a DISTINCTIVE RED AND WHITE APPLE offers it to Snow White. He makes a point of the offer, holding it out, nodding. Just as she comes to take it he pulls it away and takes a huge bite himself, grinning. Snow White shoves him off th tree and they fall to the ground. And now we PULL BACK to reveal the King and William's fat DUKE HAMMOND, watching from the throne room balcony.
8) 8) dialog: You did?
9) 0) text: Ravenna, in a stunning dress,.walks down the center aisle the NOBLES in the land are present. Ravenna looks at them, on either side of the aisle. They smiling, nodding appreciation. But they aren't really loo at Ravenna. She follows their gaze to -- Snow White, behind, holding the folds of silk from the wedding dress. Snow White looks up, adoringly, at Ravenna As the bride and groom reach the altar, KING MAGNUS turns smiles, the happiest man alive.
13) 0) text: Snow White lies asleep when she hears a bell ringing. At she thinks she's dreaming, but then she hears cries of al She sits up curiously, then climbs out of bed --
14) 0) text: There's panic and chaos outside, COURTIERS and SOLDIERS r for their lives. Snow White stares in confusion, then run
15) 0) text: Snow White rushes towards her father's chamber and sees R at the end of the corridor. Relieved, she hurries towards stepmother when suddenly she notices her father's lifeles lying on the bed. FINN and his KNIGHTS appear beside Rave takes a moment for the betrayal to sink in, tears of shoc welling in Snow White's eyes, before she turns and flees
16) 0) text: The chaos has spread to the courtyard, DUKE HAMMOND'S KNI struggling to hold back the invaders. Snow White hurries dazed by the sight of battle, then sees William pull free father's guards and run towards her -- William grabs her protectively when strong arms reach dow lift them both onto the back of separate horses. Duke Ham and his personal guard are attempting to ride out of the before the portcullis closes. The Duke rides under the portcullis with William. His bod is about to follow when an ARROW FROM FINN STRIKES HIM IN BACK and both he and Snow White are thrown off their hors
18) 2) dialog: Why?... Ravenna doesn't answer, just stands and walks away.
22) 0) text: We get our first good look at grown Snow White as she sha wood for a fire. She's done this every day for years. A regimen. Her hands work precisely as she stacks the wood blows on the kindling.
23) 0) text: The fire is now burning and Snow White warms her hands on She hears APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS. Unusual. She jumps up ge in her bed and pretends to sleep. A GUARD opens a cell opposite Snow White. A few seconds later the door CLANGS SHUT. As soon as the Guard is gone, Snow White rises, walks to cell door and looks down the hall to the other cell.
23) 1) dialog: Hello?... What's your name? Rose, sitting in a dark corner, goes to her cell bars and looks out.
25) 0) text: Rose and Snow White converse...
25) 2) dialog: The Duke?! He's alive?! He still fights in my father's name?! Rose stares at the feral girl now, realizing who she is.
25) 4) dialog: William? What about William?! The Duke's son?! Is he alive?!
27) 0) text: Snow White hears approaching footsteps and watches as a G opens Greta's cell and tosses someone in.
27) 1) dialog: Rose?... The Guard clangs the cell door shut and walks away. Snow White peers through the shadows. Can't quite make he out.
27) 2) dialog: Rose?...
29) 0) text: Snow White paces in her cell, frantic. Two magpies appear in the window. She looks at them and watches as they flap their wings. Like they're trying to tell her something. She moves toward them. They jump back and up to the edge of the roof that is bes the cell window, hovering there. She is confused but notices -- A roofing nail, right where the Magpies hover. Snow White reaches a hand out the window and touches the loose nail. Her fingers move it back and forth as it, bit bit, breaks free. She yanks hard.at the nail, almost has it when -- The Magpies flutter again and blast away, as if afraid --
29) 9) dialog: 
29) 11) dialog: You've never come in before.
29) 13) dialog: I'm afraid of her.
29) 15) dialog: No. He can't help himself, reaches out and touches her arm.
29) 17) dialog: What does she want from me? His finger move from her hair to her cheek, stroking it gently, and then to her chest. With his free hand he reac back for his dagger.
30) 0) text: Snow White hurtles down the steps to Greta's cell. She is shocked by what she sees. Rose, now an old woman, looks t Snow White fumbles with the keys. Rose holds out both her hands. Snow White takes them, looks into her eyes.
31) 0) text: Snow White runs down the steps into a corridor and sees A GUARDS appear at the other end. She hurries into another bolting the door shut behind her, and charges down the st
32) 0) text: SNOW WHITE BURSTS OUTSIDE -- into the light. She almost hyperventilates at all the air, the sky. Then she runs th the courtyard toward the portcullis. The magpies fly right into her face then away, telling he follow. She does and heads straight for the small opening the base of the castle wall - the entrance to the SEWERS. As the magpies rise, she slides on one hip, plunging into darkness below. The guards follow but can't squeeze throu the opening, running towards the Portcullis instead.
33) 0) text: Snow White splashes through the deep stinking sludge.
35) 0) text: Snow White is swept out of the sewers into the sea. Seawe wraps itself around her limbs, pulling her deeper.into th depths, but she kicks and fights her way back to the surf gasping for air.
36) 0) text: Snow White swims ashore. She looks up and sees a maze of rocks stretching out. She sets off in one direction when MAGPIES reappear, urging her to follow them in another direction. She scrambles after them and sees a WHITE MARE waiting for her on the beach, lying on its side, allowing climb on. The mare raises itself and is away in a flash.
38) 0) text: Snow White rides towards the village -- only it's unrecog now -- most of the cottages have been razed to the ground boarded up. A group of people including children - skeletal, hungry, desperate - see her approach and move out to greet her. She stops her horse for a moment, gazing past tears at th devastation and the state of villagers all around her. At first their approach seems harmless but as they get cl their faces reveal dangerous desperation and -- She gallops off, looking back to see the Queen's men givi chase.
39) 0) text: The fields and woods are even more devastated than the vi Farmland has been burnt to cinders and trees chopped down around Snow White the world is stubble and ash.
41) 0) text: Shadows everywhere. The mare charges into the misty bog t suddenly loses her footing. She rears -- throwing Snow Wh onto the safety of solid ground. Snow White tries to grab her reins but the horse pulls aw wanting to endanger her life. She tries again but the hor backs farther away from her. Slowly they're separated by swirling fog -- As Snow White sees the silhouettes of the riders reappear Reluctantly she turns and runs into the forest --
42) 0) text: Snow White hurtles through the trees, a ghostly fog risin all around her, then trips over a root, landing face firs A patch of LARGE MUSHROOMS that unleash CLOUDS OF POLLEN. coughs, trying to fan the pollen away, but it's too late. hurries on, but the hallucinations come thick and fast no The trees look almost human, hooded figures peering at he through the haze. She sees owls without eyes. Black oil o out of tree trunks. A hanging vine reaches down and touch like a hand and now she runs -- More terrors rage at her from the swirling mist. She stum again and when she looks up vampire bats scream at her fr trees. Huge skeletal forms crack out of the bark, descend her until she finally passes out.
42) 1) text: From high above, we see the unconscious Snow White as mis whirls in a circle. 52a EXT. CASTLE BEACH - NIGHT.(D4N) 52a Vicious waves crash into rocks. Nature's anger on display
48) 0) text: Vines and roots have grown over Snow White's body, as if forest is trying to devour her. She opens her eyes, sees wrists and ankles bound and reacts in horror, struggling herself of her bonds. WE PULL UP, UP, UP until we can see the full scope of the Dark Forest.
50) 0) text: Snow White finally shakes free of the vines, jumps up and she's being followed. She looks up at the trees but all s are vague shadows. The wind picks up, ghostly voices howl the breeze. She's rooted to the spot for a moment, then l her nerve and runs -- 64aEXT. DARK FOREST - DAY. 64a Eric, Finn and the Guards move through a dark copse of tr VOICES AND WHISPERS-call to them from the wind. Eric stop looks around.
52) 0) text: Snow White feels like the whole forest is pursuing her. R out of breath, she hides in some bushes. As she stares in mist, she sees a sinister figure appear through the haze. Eric stops and looks around, sensing his prey is close. S White stays low, trying to quieten her breathing. Eric studies the forest floor. He sees Snow White's footp then looks up at an area of disturbed undergrowth. Snow White peers through the bushes and sees the huntsman boots approaching. She looks around for something to defe herself with when the sound of the footsteps fades. She c see anyone now. She looks relieved when SUDDENLY STRONG H GRAB HER BY THE FEET AND DRAG HER OUT OF THE BUSHES. She fights to get away but he pins her with a foot, reach down and turns her over. His first look at her gives him pause. Her face, her spir her youth. She slaps at him - he pulls out his knife with one hand while he pins her with the other. Then grabs, lifts her.
52) 1) dialog: Let me go!
52) 9) dialog: She's going to kill me! The Oueen! He ignores, keeps moving.
52) 11) dialog: Believe me! Her brother tried to cut out my heart. He stops, looks at her.
52) 12) dialog: I swear it. He somehow believes her. New game. Then...
52) 20) dialog: Him! He's the one! He came at me with a knife! Eric holds her tight, one arm around her neck.
52) 22) dialog: You can't trust him!
52) 34) dialog: He'll betray you -
52) 36) dialog: He'll kill us both -
53) 0) text: Snow White crashes through the woods. Then a HAND grabs her shoulder-- Eric. He slaps a palm over her mouth before she can screa and slides down a steep slope into undergrowth. 67a EXT. DARK FOREST - FINN - SAME 67a Finn is on his feet but still hallucinating - stumbling about. The Guards are spooked as they look all around.
53) 2) dialog: Get your hands off me. She draws his dagger. He backs off. Eyeball to eyeball:
53) 8) dialog: Get away.
53) 10) dialog: Get away from me.
53) 12) dialog: She wants us all dead. All of us-
53) 14) dialog: You should know. You're the one hunting me. He backs away. Paces.
53) 23) dialog: Where are you going?
53) 25) dialog: I need to get to the Duke's Castle. There's an army there. I'll be safe.
53) 27) dialog: Take me, you'll be rewarded. I'm valuable. Isn't that why you're here?
53) 29) dialog: You're dead if you return without me. And I'm dead if you leave me. He turns, exasperated with her.
53) 31) dialog: How much is enough? Eric "reluctantly" prices up the job.
53) 33) dialog: A hundred. Deliver me safe to the Duke. I give you my word.
53) 41) dialog: Maybe that's a question you should have asked the queen. Stand-off.
53) 42) dialog: Do we have a deal?
53) 44) dialog: I've given you my word. He spits on his hand. She puts out her hand. He shakes it.
53) 46) dialog: I don't trust you either. She wipes it on her skirt. Behind them, a commotion. They run off.
53) 55) dialog: You haven't answered me.
53) 57) dialog: Where are we going? He takes a stick, draws in the dirt.
53) 59) dialog: I'm going to the Duke's Castle. He grabs the stick back.
53) 61) dialog: You'll take me to the Duke's castle or I'll go alone.
53) 75) dialog: There's a reward that awaits you. There are noblemen there, an army.
53) 78) dialog: How much do you want? Eric considers this, not sure how or if to negotiate.
53) 79) dialog: Two hundred gold pieces. Do we have a deal? More, a lot more, than he was expecting.
53) 81) dialog: Swear it.
53) 83) dialog: Fine. He moves to a spot to lie down and gathers leaves. Snow White seeks her own spot and comes upon -- the RIB C OF A DEAD DEER, a host of BEAUTIFUL BUTTERFLIES feeding o its bones. She is shocked. Eric notices...
53) 85) dialog: Do you think... will they follow us?
53) 92) dialog: How far have you travelled into the Dark Forest?
58) 51) dialog: What is it?
58) 59) dialog: A what?
58) 81) dialog: She's not real! Not real! Do you hear me?! He does and calms. She gets off him and he sits up, fatig by the experience. A low point for him. He reaches for his flask -- pours the last single drop in his mouth. All gone. He tosses it aside. A lost soul. Snow White watches him with some compassion. He catches h look, gets up and walks away. 83b EXT. DARK FOREST OPEN AREA - DAY 83b Snow White catches up.
58) 82) dialog: Who is she? The one you bargained for. The one that spoke to you. Who is Sara?
58) 84) dialog: What?
58) 87) dialog: Why are you?-- He lunges at her and she raises the blade.
58) 95) dialog: What do you mean?
58) 108) dialog: Why do I need to learn how to kill? He looks at her.
58) 116) dialog: Where are you going?
59) 0) text: A single blossom flowers on the dying apple tree. Ravenna looking weaker than before, stares at it quietly, as if s were gazing at Snow White. She reaches out and crushes th blossom in her hand, turning it into ash. Her look is one of conviction.
60) 0) text: Finn reacts as if he heard Ravenna's words. He did. They that kind of connection. Spooked, he continues on. The ot trackers follow, William looking tense. At the back of th group, one of the mercenaries slows down, sensing somethi the forest. William is still watching Finn when they hear a bloodcurd CRY behind them. The mercenary's horse gallops out of the without its rider, a gaping wound in its side. William an others look shaken but Finn doesn't even turn around, rid 87a EXT. DARK FOREST - DAY. 87a Eric pulls Snow White along. Beyond a bridge we see open -- the bridge LEADS OUT OF THE DARK FOREST -- and birds circling on the distant horizon. Snow White looks relieved as she follows him down a slope They hurry through a sea of mist when suddenly Eric stops
60) 1) dialog: What is it?
60) 3) dialog: Is this the end of the Dark Forest?
60) 10) dialog: How far to the Duke's castle? He ignores, follows tracks, then stops as he sees the STO BRIDGE below -- LEADING OUT OF THE DARK FOREST. Snow Whit stares at it too, relieved. Beyond the bridge there are o fens. They hurry down together and start to cross the bridge. They're half way across WHEN SUDDENLY WE SEE THE STONES S
60) 30) dialog: If I had you'd be dead. A "thank you" would suffice. It's clear he sees her in a different light. She stares b at him. Eric holds her gaze, struggling a bit, then...
61) 0) text: The sun glints through the thinning trees. Eric wades thr the deep sludge, Snow White following in his steps. Eric looks at her a moment, then suddenly turns away as h sees her expression change -- GHOSTLY BACKLIT FIGURES EMERGE on the banks of the marsh holding bows and arrows. Eric looks around for an escape but everywhere he turns MORE FIGURES APPEAR. He draws his axe when A FIGURE IN A HOODED CLOAK (ANNA) a clutching her bow like a goddess.
61) 12) dialog: We mean you no harm.
62) 10) dialog: (sotto; to Eric) Why are they looking at me like that?
62) 31) dialog: She's beautiful. Lily smiles and runs off to play. Behind her Eric appears
62) 32) dialog: These women... This place.. It's very peaceful. But it makes me very sad.
62) 35) dialog: That's not why. It's because I've never said the words. She looks at Lily playing.
62) 36) dialog: I'm not sure I believe it myself. I never felt like a.. (She stops.) Alone in a dark cell. For years. Fighting to cling to memories. What he looked like. Smelled like. The kind man with the big arms and the wonderful smiles.. To me.. he wasn't The King. He was my father. Eric doesn't know what to say. In time, he reaches in his pocket.
62) 38) dialog: What is it?
62) 40) dialog: What is it made of?
62) 51) dialog: Was it hers? It's the most honest and emotional he's been with her.
62) 53) dialog: Thank you, huntsman. He looks at the sky.
63) 0) text: Snow White lies in her bed. Nearby sleep Anna and Lily.
63) 1) dialog: She's so beautiful.
63) 16) dialog: What is it?
64) 0) text: Snow White awakens. Looks around, no Eric, puts it in her pocket. Then smells smoke, walks outside and looks up to The sky BLAZES WITH BURNING ARROWS all raining down on th village. 104a EXT. WOODS - SAME - NIGHT. 104a Eric, moving away from the village, spins to see the ARRO LIGHTING UP THE SKY BEHIND HIM. He races toward the villa 104b-107 OMITTED 104b-107
65) 0) text: Snow White re-enters the hut just as A FLAMING ARROW pier through the thatch and sticks next to Lily's sleeping hea Snow White pushes Lily away from the fire and grabs the arrow. Anna SCREAMS because - A MERCENARY races into the hut. On impulse Snow White backhand STABS HIM in the leg WITH FLAMING ARROW and he tumbles, flames burning his clothes. Snow White stares at him for a moment, his face, his pain Anna shakes her out of the moment and they all race out.
67) 0) text: Snow White runs with Lily and Anna when she sees a FEARSO MERCENARY leap off his horse and stride towards them.
67) 1) dialog: 
70) 0) text: Snow White looks back through the distant flames as she r when suddenly powerful arms grab her. She flails with the but it's only Eric --
70) 8) dialog: We must help them! Anna sees Snow White fighting off Eric and shouts --
71) 0) text: William jumps on his horse again, looking for Snow White the clouds of billowing smoke. Finn and Aldan ride up.
72) 0) text: Eric pulls Snow White onwards, the blazing fires from the village lighting up the marsh. He sees a lake up ahead wh figure appears, blocking their way. It's the giant BROCH. Grinning, he unstraps his huge axe, ready to face Eric on time. Eric doesn't even slow down, letting go of Snow Whi unstrapping his own hatchets. It looks as if it's going t epic fight, but as Broch swings, Eric ducks and drives bo hatchets into the giant's ribs, killing him instantly. They escape into the darkness.
75) 0) text: Eric and Snow White are far down river. They make their w the bank, drenched and exhausted. Snow White's hands shak distraught over the violence at the village. Eric looks a guiltily.
75) 8) dialog: Why did you come back?
75) 28) dialog: 
75) 31) dialog: Is there no one you haven't wronged? Eric nods at her. "You."
75) 39) dialog: Tell them the truth, huntsman. The youngest of the dwarves, GUS, is beaming at Snow Whit his dirty teeth.
75) 40) dialog: 
75) 75) dialog: Do you hate the Queen?
75) 78) dialog: My father was King Magnus. This carries weight with the group. Impressed.
75) 80) dialog: If you accompany us to the Duke's castle you will be paid handsomely.
75) 84) dialog: Your weight in gold. Each of you. The dwarves trade glances, literally sizing each other up
75) 95) dialog: Both of us. Eric looks surprised by her loyalty. So do the dwarves. Suddenly Duir calls out:
77) 0) text: From their hidden vantage point, Eric, Snow White, and th dwarves watch the riders searching for them. Some gallop a small troop remain behind. Realizing they have no choic to retreat further, Duir and Coll signal and the dwarves them deeper into the cave system.
78) 0) text: A shaft of light pours through the cave roof high above, circling. The dwarves move effortlessly down the labyrint Snow White and the huntsman have to squeeze through the c
79) 0) text: Snow White and the huntsman emerge from the cave to see a shimmering landscape of glistening moss and sunlight. It' a mirage. The air is filled with specks of pollen and a s HUMMING NOISE echoes like music. For Snow White, it's the beautiful sound she's ever heard. Next to her, Nion, snor
79) 3) dialog: What is this place? The huntsman looks just as dazzled.
80) 6) dialog: Really?
80) 26) dialog: Thank you so much, sir.
80) 28) dialog: No. For before. For defending me.
80) 30) dialog: There were more of you?
80) 34) dialog: I'm so sorry.
80) 37) dialog: I'd be honored. Snow White gets up and dances with Gus as the song picks
80) 65) dialog: I don't mind at all, Gus. I haven't danced in a long, long while. She feels eyes on her - turns to see the huntsman watchin with a slight smile. She smiles back and breaks away.
80) 66) dialog: Do you mind, Gus?
80) 68) dialog: You've taught me to fight, surely I can teach you to dance. Eric trades a look with Beith, who nudges him on. Eric stands and they proceed to dance, with her teaching.
80) 69) dialog: Palms up, head straight, look me in the eyes. And... The huntsman moves better than you'd imagine. His face ev softens as they both enjoy the dance. Beith looks on with a smile. 130a OMITTED 130a
82) 0) text: All around the forest the shadow of death is spreading. G runs, dragging Snow White behind him. Galloping through t trees, WILLIAM spots them up ahead, riding faster.
85) 0) text: William spots Snow White up ahead. She disappears into th trees and he rides faster. She erupts from behind a branc pulls him off his horse. Gus races over and raises his ax
85) 1) dialog: Gus, no! Gus's axe stops inches from William's eyes. Snow White recognizes the young warrior, staring at him in surprise.
85) 2) dialog: I saw you at the village. William looks up at her, out of breath:
90) 0) text: Still bleeding from his wounds, Eric hurries back through forest until he sees Snow White and the seven dwarves gat around Gus's body, chanting a low prayer. Eric stares in surprise, then notices William.
90) 20) dialog: Leave him, huntsman. He's our friend. He glares but his eyes glisten with tears. Snow White is still bowed over Gus's body, sobbing, mourning. The prayer chant ends. Nion spits with anger and walks aw
91) 0) text: QUERT sings a CELTIC MELODY OF LOSS as Gus is laid out on funeral pyre. All around him, THE BRIGHT COLORS OF THE ENCHANTED FOREST HAVE FADED and there are no animals and fairies to be seen. It's as if Ravenna's shadow has passe here too. The tough, battle hardened dwarves shed tears l children. Snow White looks heartbroken as Beith lights th pyre. As the flames rise, a HAUNTING LAMENT carries us in the next scene ---
93) 0) text: William walks alongside Snow White, glancing at her tenta He waits until the others are out of earshot.
93) 2) dialog: You didn't.
93) 4) dialog: We were children, William. You're here now. They reach some steep rocks and Eric turns around, offeri White his hand. She takes it and he helps her up the slop William looks on, feeling jealous. Beith follows Duir and Coll up to the summit of the hill, looks at the surrounding peaks.
94) 36) dialog: Up here it's as if nothing's changed. The world looks beautiful again.
94) 39) dialog: It's strange, but... I feel only sorrow for her. William is taken aback by this but pushes on.
94) 41) dialog: It takes more than a name. I an not my father, William.
94) 55) dialog: How do I inspire? How do I lead men?
94) 57) dialog: That's not how I remember it.
94) 59) dialog: No... They gaze into each other's eyes, close enough to kiss.
94) 60) dialog: I remember we were always arguing. And fighting. And... She trails off, lost in his gaze. He stops, leans closer kisses her gently. They stay like that a moment, then Wil pulls away, holding something in his hand. Snow White smi as she sees that it's an APPLE. With a mischievous smile, William holds out the apple for Snow White, just like he did when they were children.
94) 61) dialog: I remember this trick.
95) 0) text: Eric and William hear the panicked bird cries and run -- 158a EXT. SILVER BIRCH TREES/ MOUNTAINS - DAY. 158a Snow White's limbs are petrified, frost spreading across cheeks -- but her eyes are open, taking in everything. Ravenna leans over her, smiling.
98) 0) text: Snow White's body is wrapped in a shroud, laid out on a funeral board. William leads it with tears in his eyes. E and the dwarves walk alongside the body, all lost in grie
101) 4) dialog: No, my lord. William, below, stares at her in joy while his father sti looks dazed.
101) 11) dialog: I have rested long enough. Her voice is gentle but full of quiet conviction.
101) 12) dialog: I am ready to ride by your side, my lord, when you face the Queen in battle. The Duke looks speechless for a moment.
101) 14) dialog: That is all I thought to do when I escaped. But I have come to learn there is no peace while others suffer. Have you not learned that?
101) 16) dialog: I can vanquish her. Defeat her. I am the only one. She told me so herself. Duke Hammond starts to object, but Snow White's eyes and, her feet, lead her down the stairs to her people. When sh reaches the last step - now at their level - she speaks..
101) 17) dialog: I have been told that I represent you, that it is my place to inspire you. That is wronct. I am not a Queen, not a leader, not a warrior. Absolute silence in the courtyard as people, lords, knigh hang on her every word.
101) 18) dialog: You represent me, who I've become - your hopes,: your courage, your will - inspires me.
101) 32) dialog: If Ravenna comes for me, I will ride to meet her. And if she doesn't, I will ride to meet her. (looks back at Generals) Alone if I must. (back to people) But if you would join me, I will gladly give my life for you. For this land and its people have lost too much. Eric and the dwarves couldn't look prouder. Duke Hammond stares at her for a moment, then BOWS. A bea then William follows, then all the Lords and Knights. His eyes fixed on Snow White, Eric bows too. Then Beith. Then Muir and his son, Quert. Then Coll and Duir. And finally Gort and Nion. Snow White stands alone, overwhelmed by the faith of the kneeling warriors, and the responsibility on her shoulder 171b INT. MIRROR CHAMBER - ROYAL PALACE - NIGHT. 171b Ravenna raises her head to look into the mirror.
101) 46) dialog: So the Huntsman fights for something other than himself.
102) 18) dialog: If we are at the portcullis when the sun clears the horizon it will be open. They all look at her.
103) 0) text: An unmistakable brown sludge pours out of a sewage tunnel into the sea. It is the same sewers where Snow White esca We hear the sound of splashing oars and grumbling:
104) 0) text: Ravenna stares out. On the distant cliffs she sees the ba of the rebel army. A ray of sunlight pours through the cl lighting up the tiny figure of Snow White.
105) 11) dialog: Then we should ride now. They'll have the portcullis up by the time we arrive. Duke Hammond considers, then raises his sword. Snow white glances at the huntsman. He breaks rank and rides closer There's a tense silence, then the Duke BRINGS DOWN HIS SW his riders charge down the dunes.
108) 0) text: Snow White rides across the dunes. All around her, riders along the surf, waves crashing around them. Ravenna's cas comes into the view, the portcullis still down.
111) 0) text: Snow White suddenly sees tiny dots of firelight on the ca walls. Eric realizes what they are and rides faster. The pinpoints of light soar up in the air, growing larger and brighter, until we realize they're FIERY MISSILES. Eric f Snow White's horse out of the way as a fireball explodes from her.
116) 2) dialog: I gave my word I would stand with them!
120) 0) text: Snow White sees the portcullis shoot up now, the dwarves onto the counterweights for dear life. Smiling in relief, gallops through the open gates with Eric and William.
125) 0) text: SNOW WHITE rushes into the castle. As soon as she passes door a dozen of Ravenna's men come outside closing the tr
126) 0) text: Snow White storms into the throne room. She is breathing heavily, a mix of fear and determination.
126) 2) dialog: It ends today... I have come for YOU!
126) 21) dialog: Ten years you locked me away! Ravenna seems to relish this. 
128) 0) text: Enraged, Snow White jolts her body and frees herself from Ravenna's grasp. She swings her sword at Ravenna. She parries every attack with her bare hands. Snow White is breathless. One more strike... but Ravenna blocks it again, and this time she doesn't let go.
128) 9) dialog: 
130) 0) text: Ravenna approaches and grabs Snow White by the throat, squeezing hard. Snow White is chocking.
130) 13) dialog: (whispers to Ravenna) By fairest blood... it is undone! Ravenna looks down. Three drops of blood fall onto Snow White's armor.
132) 0) text: Snow White approaches Ravenna and kneels beside her, Rave is weak. She ages dozens of years within seconds, her fac shows no anger, no hate, just a strange understanding.
132) 1) dialog: Why this? Why all of this?
132) 5) dialog: (whispers to Ravenna calming) It will be all right... Ravenna whispers incomprehensible words with a peaceful s on her face. The clouds move in the disc of light above S White. The light falls over Ravenna's face.  The light fades out of her eyes and she dies. 
134) 0) text: In death, Ravenna's beautiful blue eyes are wide open, fi the halo of light that surrounds Snow White's head.
135) 1) dialog: Backlit in a golden hue. A crown is placed on her head. We're in... Packed for the coronation. Duke Hammond and Bishops surro her. Snow White smiles and looks out at all assembled - h subjects, her friends, the people she's come to know and - meeting the eyes of Rose, looking young and beautiful a -- Anna and Lily -- the seven dwarves, who all wipe away tears. She sees William off to the side, smiling, looking on adoringly. But her eyes continue through the crowd, looki