4) 0) text: A single apple tree stands in the middle of the cloisters stands out. Snow White and William dash past it into the
6) 0) text: Snow White and William, with a small toy bow strapped to back, climb the branches of the apple tree in the cloiste gardens. William picks a DISTINCTIVE RED AND WHITE APPLE offers it to Snow White. He makes a point of the offer, holding it out, nodding. Just as she comes to take it he pulls it away and takes a huge bite himself, grinning. Snow White shoves him off th tree and they fall to the ground. And now we PULL BACK to reveal the King and William's fat DUKE HAMMOND, watching from the throne room balcony.
16) 0) text: The chaos has spread to the courtyard, DUKE HAMMOND'S KNI struggling to hold back the invaders. Snow White hurries dazed by the sight of battle, then sees William pull free father's guards and run towards her -- William grabs her protectively when strong arms reach dow lift them both onto the back of separate horses. Duke Ham and his personal guard are attempting to ride out of the before the portcullis closes. The Duke rides under the portcullis with William. His bod is about to follow when an ARROW FROM FINN STRIKES HIM IN BACK and both he and Snow White are thrown off their hors
56) 0) text: FLAMING MOSS is thrown into a puddle of oil and a MASSIVE FIRE lights up the night. William, rapid-fires his bow at close quarters into a lin the Queen's supply wagons and the fight is on. A VIOLENT CLASH OF SWORDS IN CLOSE QUARTER FIGHTING. His COMPANIONS are as wild and hot-headed as he is, roari with delight as the Queen's men finally flee.
56) 2) dialog: You asked for me, father?
56) 9) dialog: The Princess?!!
56) 11) dialog: She lives?!
56) 14) dialog: I'm going after her!.
56) 17) dialog: Then I will go alone.
56) 19) dialog: Then I'll find someone who does. William pulls away.
56) 20) dialog: I will not abandon her a second time.
57) 0) text: William gallops away from the castle walls under the cove the breaking dawn. 75 MOVED TO 68a 75
58) 5) dialog: You need a bowman? FINN calls back.
58) 17) dialog: I said do you need a bowman? Finn studies William with dead eyes.
58) 34) dialog: I want to ride with you.
58) 36) dialog: You are paying well and I need the coin.
58) 38) dialog: No.
58) 40) dialog: As you said, I'm quick with a bow. He nods to the guy on the ground, groaning with arrows in thighs.
58) 41) dialog: And unlike him, I have two good legs. Finn considers for a moment, then smiles, nods to the guy the ground.
60) 0) text: Finn reacts as if he heard Ravenna's words. He did. They that kind of connection. Spooked, he continues on. The ot trackers follow, William looking tense. At the back of th group, one of the mercenaries slows down, sensing somethi the forest. William is still watching Finn when they hear a bloodcurd CRY behind them. The mercenary's horse gallops out of the without its rider, a gaping wound in its side. William an others look shaken but Finn doesn't even turn around, rid 87a EXT. DARK FOREST - DAY. 87a Eric pulls Snow White along. Beyond a bridge we see open -- the bridge LEADS OUT OF THE DARK FOREST -- and birds circling on the distant horizon. Snow White looks relieved as she follows him down a slope They hurry through a sea of mist when suddenly Eric stops
69) 0) text: Finn sits astride his horse like a demon king in the fire He spots William in the distance, searching for Snow Whit rides toward him.
71) 0) text: William jumps on his horse again, looking for Snow White the clouds of billowing smoke. Finn and Aldan ride up.
71) 2) dialog: No, my lord. Finn spits fury and continues to race around, frantic.
82) 0) text: All around the forest the shadow of death is spreading. G runs, dragging Snow White behind him. Galloping through t trees, WILLIAM spots them up ahead, riding faster.
85) 0) text: William spots Snow White up ahead. She disappears into th trees and he rides faster. She erupts from behind a branc pulls him off his horse. Gus races over and raises his ax
85) 3) dialog: It's me. William. Snow White stares in disbelief, tears of surprise welling eyes. Gus looks even more confused, lowering his axe. William slowly rises to his feet, gazing back at Snow Whi when THEY HEAR A TWIG SNAP -- Gus hears it too, spinning around --
90) 0) text: Still bleeding from his wounds, Eric hurries back through forest until he sees Snow White and the seven dwarves gat around Gus's body, chanting a low prayer. Eric stares in surprise, then notices William.
90) 2) dialog: My name is William. I am Duke Hammond's son.
90) 5) dialog: I was looking for the princess.
90) 7) dialog: To protect her.
90) 9) dialog: And who are you?
90) 11) dialog: I'm grateful for your help but I will take her from here.
93) 0) text: William walks alongside Snow White, glancing at her tenta He waits until the others are out of earshot.
93) 1) dialog: I'm sorry I left you. She looks over and sees the remorse in his eyes.
93) 3) dialog: If I'd known you were alive I would have come sooner.
94) 18) dialog: It's not my place to give you orders. I misjudged you. Eric looks up. He shakes William's hand.
94) 20) dialog: We shared a childhood together, before she was taken away. She hasn't changed. She has that same light inside her. Surely you can see it.. Eric looks at her.
94) 22) dialog: If we can just get her to the castle, the people.. The people will see it. She's our only hope, Huntsman.
94) 24) dialog: I've thought about her constantly. Every time I closed my eyes. I can hardly believe I've found her.
94) 26) dialog: I'm afraid to.
94) 35) dialog: Walk with me. They walk into the silver birches.
94) 37) dialog: It will be. When you are Queen. Snow White turns, surprised by his words.
94) 38) dialog: The people of this kingdom hate Ravenna with their very fiber.
94) 40) dialog: Once people find out you're alive they will rise up in your name. Snow White stares back at him uncertainly.
94) 42) dialog: You are his daughter. And rightful heir.
94) 49) dialog: If I had a choice, I would take you far from here. And keep you safe by my side. But I have a duty. And so do you. They hold each other's gaze, Snow White still ridden with doubt.
94) 56) dialog: The same way you led me when we were children. I followed you everywhere. Ran when you called. I would have done anything for you. She looks touched by his words, smiling softly, trying to make light of them.
94) 58) dialog: No?
94) 62) dialog: (With mock innocence) What trick? Snow White holds his gaze, then snatches the apple from h before he can take a bite, raising it to her lips with a smile. As she bites -- 150b OMITTED 150b 150c OMITTED 150c 150d EXT. CAMP SITE/ MOUNTAINS - DAWN. 150d. Eric, startled,- awakens.
95) 0) text: Eric and William hear the panicked bird cries and run -- 158a EXT. SILVER BIRCH TREES/ MOUNTAINS - DAY. 158a Snow White's limbs are petrified, frost spreading across cheeks -- but her eyes are open, taking in everything. Ravenna leans over her, smiling.
95) 12) dialog: What are you looking at? Help her! The dwarves stare back at him gravely but don't respond. desperate now, irrational --
95) 13) dialog: You are dwarves, healers, save her! He grabs the blind seer, MUIR, shaking him.
95) 14) dialog: Do something! Muir stares back at him with his empty eyes, tears gliste in them. William collapses in prayer, the light in Snow White's ey almost gone. Eric looks over, sees William's grief is as great as his own, and finally stops fighting. Snow White looks up at William as if she wants to say something, then the light in her eyes goes out. The dwarves are heartbroken. Eric looks dazed. William leans down and kisses Snow White gently on the li He pulls away,.hoping against hope. And then -- Nothing happens. She lies there, lifeless and white as th falling snow. On all the faces - realizing that she is truly gone.
98) 0) text: Snow White's body is wrapped in a shroud, laid out on a funeral board. William leads it with tears in his eyes. E and the dwarves walk alongside the body, all lost in grie
99) 0) text: Tent flaps open. William stands before Duke Hammond and h council of LORDS, arguing his case with fierce passion --
99) 1) dialog: She died for us! For our cause! We cannot hide behind these walls and watch this land die with her!
99) 3) dialog: My grief makes me see clearly, father. 163a INT. FUNERAL CHAMBER/ DUKE HAMMOND'S CASTLE - NIGHT. Eric steps from the shadows up to Snow White's body, flas hand. Drunk.
101) 0) text: The council session continues. Duke Hammond stares at William gravely.
114) 0) text: Waves crash over the rocks. Fireballs explode in the sand White sees men falling all around her, tears welling in h eyes, but she never falters. As William rides on, he sees castle walls through the smoke, the portcullis still down
116) 1) dialog: You must turn back!
120) 0) text: Snow White sees the portcullis shoot up now, the dwarves onto the counterweights for dear life. Smiling in relief, gallops through the open gates with Eric and William.
127) 0) text: William is being overrun by a school of shards. The shard shape up into a Faerie taking William up high. In a viole arm blow, the Faerie projects William onto the banquet ta six feet lower. The table shatters in splinters, William bouncing like a rag doll. Spinning around on it's way down, the Faerie skewers a soldier and impales another one into a pillar. The Faerie drags him ten feet up, tearing and digging deep into the stone column.
129) 0) text: William, stumbling upon the dead bodies of his comrades, the shards starting to obstruct the entry of the mirror r He runs towards it. Eric sees him and goes for it too. Behind William and in front of Eric, a Dark creature shap up. William doesn't see it. The Faerie claws William from behind through his armor, stopping him still and sending him backwards against a pi like a stone ricochet. The Faerie spins it's head 180 degrees and goes from turn its back to Eric... to facing the huntsman. Eric stops and tries to pull back. The Faerie powers up gathering shards from another creatu doubling in size and density. Like a fire hose of black shards, the Dark Faerie unloads stream of razor blades at Eric. Eric digs his heels in... slowly grinds and slides on the floor, double shields up. The shields are being shredded. One shield gives way completely torn slicing Eric's arm. Eric has one shield left. He kneels down... it is a matte seconds.
131) 0) text: William is on the ground, out of strength and has given u the fight. A dark creature is slowly close to reaching William's face with his sharp claws as William tries to h the creature's arm with his bare hands, severely bleeding