2) 13) dialog: Give me twenty minutes. I want another ride.
2) 15) dialog: Oh yeah. Sure. Maybe I'11 join you. She grins at Bret as she climbs out of bed.
3) 0) text: Rebecca showers. All that makeup washes out. The teased h thoroughly rinsed. No sign of Bret.
4) 0) text: In a towel, Rebecca combs out her hair, staring at her ow reflection. Her skin is pink from the hot water. Now it’s clear how m of that makeup is a persona; a disguise. Because she look completely different in this light. She’s like a lost gir five years younger. She examines her left arm, with the elaborate tattoo. The inside of her forearm is more heavily inked. As if to cover over an older tattoo or birthmark. She looks at her right arm, currently bare. The inside of this arm is peppered with neat rows of shor scars. Too neat to be accidental. Rebecca used to be a cutter. For a brief moment, there’s a sadness in her expression rarely seen by someone twice her age. Then, she walls it up again in a deep breath, and steps out. INT. BEDROOM —- NIGHT It’s raining outside, now. Watersnake shadows slink down window, and the rain creates a soothing white noise. Bret is fast asleep on the bed. Snoring lightly. Rebecca nudges him with her naked foot.
4) 2) dialog: I’m up, I’m up. Rebecca goes to a drawer and pulls on an oversized t-shir Her putter-around-the-pad comfort wear.
4) 4) dialog: Aww, Becca. Just one night?
4) 6) dialog: You're kicking me out in the rain?
4) 8) dialog: I thought I was your boyfriend.
4) 10) dialog: For eight months.
4) 12) dialog: (calling after) I can’t even keep a pair of jeans here? ll.
4) 14) dialog: Not even a sock? Just one sock!
4) 16) dialog: Is that a yes?
5) 0) text: Rebecca cleans up the Chinese takeout on the coffee table This place is too small to have a dining room. Bret calls from the bedroom:
5) 1) dialog: It’s not like having a sock here would make it impossible to get rid of me. Socks are not anchors. Rebecca sighs.
6) 0) text: Bret goes to her top drawer and drops one sock in among h collection of bras and panties.
6) 1) dialog: All right. He puts his boots on. Hiding his one bare foot. EXT. REBECCA’S FRONT STOOP - NIGHT Bret steps out, protected under a small awning. 12. The rain has gotten heavier. Rebecca kisses him, smiles, then shuts the door. Beat. Bret shakes his head, grinning.
6) 2) dialog: I love you, too! Reluctantly, he steps out into the weather. Makes his way down the sidewalk. Pauses, fishing for his car keys.
6) 5) dialog: Is that all?
6) 8) dialog: (sotto) So close... 13.
10) 0) text: Rebecca marches in from outside, with Bret trailing her. grins at the seasonal calendar for the grade school.
10) 1) dialog: I didn’t know you had a brother. Rebecca makes a bee-line for the principal’s office. Before she enters:
11) 16) dialog: Here we are.
11) 19) dialog: Good luck barking up that tree. Rebecca gives Bret a “don’t start” glance, then tells Mar
11) 22) dialog: This is exciting.
11) 24) dialog: Getting to meet your mom is a big deal. That's like, the next step. Rebecca rolls her eyes and opens her door.
11) 26) dialog: Oh come on. I wore my good jeans! Bret’s jeans: Patched and shredded.
15) 14) dialog: Whoa whoa--
15) 16) dialog: Where we going? 27.
15) 24) dialog: Was this your idea?
15) 26) dialog: Bringing the kid here.
15) 28) dialog: So. You call the lady at the school. That’s what CPS is for. Exactly this.
15) 30) dialog: She’s his mother.
15) 32) dialog: Becks. Did you do this to help him, or to hurt her? Rebecca crosses her arms. Nostrils flaring. In a scary ev tone, she tells Bret:
19) 0) text: Paul’s working space. Oak desk, home computer, filing cabinets. A small treadmill in the corner. That’s not the strange part. The weirdness is the fact that the framed photos have bee taken down. Paul’s diploma, his choice of landscape art.. Even the filing cabinets are partly gutted. Rebecca notices a corner of the room: A weird MAKESHIFT BED built from pillows and a quilt is tucked back behind one side of the desk, where the desk l has been unplugged, and the cord CHEWED OFF. Something new hangs on the wall here. It’s not the same dimensions as what used to hang on the hook; the paint on wall is discolored in a different shape. Rebecca leans in to look at the new framed photo: A black-and-white snapshot, at least thirty years old. Ev the frame suggests 1980s. It’s at a hospital, outside on the grounds. Slightly off center of the pic stands a WOMAN with her back to us, hea partly turned to look our way. The shade of a wild-shaped tree hides her face from us. 42. Rebecca looks around. Feeling like she’s being watched. Carefully, she takes the framed photo down from the wall. And slides the photograph out from under the glass. On the other side of the photo, some handwritten info in faded pen: “Diana / Mulberry Hill Rehab Hospital (1986)” Rebecca stares at the photo again with renewed tension. A the figure under that crooked tree could come to life. EXT. STREET OUTSIDE SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY Rebecca stands at the curb, still clutching the photo. Bret pulls up in his SUV and gets out. Approaches her.
19) 1) dialog: Got your message. You wanna tell me what this is about?
19) 3) dialog: You okay?
19) 6) dialog: Don’t you think we should finish talking about last night? You know, when you kicked me out for trying to be honest with you? Rebecca takes a moment to remember. It’s readable on her face, “Oh, right.” Bret’s a bit surprised. She doesn’t remember? 43.
19) 9) dialog: Well, you should apologize to Martin, really. I mean, uh-- not like you did with me, but...
19) 11) dialog: Why?
19) 13) dialog: Who's Diana?
20) 0) text: Bret’s SUV pulls up to the curb. Bret and Rebecca get out They both stare at something 0.S., disturbed. Rebecca looks at the photo in her hands, then back up.
20) 3) dialog: Well. This is awkward. (beat) So, what now?
21) 4) dialog: What happened to all the patients?
23) 2) dialog: You turned a creepy hospital into low-income housing? Seriously? Louis looks at Bret as if Bret still believes in Santa.
23) 4) dialog: You hear that? Rebecca nods, but her mind is elsewhere.
25) 0) text: Rebecca and Bret dig through files. They’ve been at it fo while. The place is messier, boxes opened, papers scatter
25) 2) dialog: How does this photo of someone named Diana have anything to do with your family?
25) 4) dialog: Well then, here’s a thought: Why don’t you call her and ask? 49.
25) 6) dialog: And you think she’s based on another patient here. Rebecca puts her hands on her face, weary from the diggin around in other people's crazy.
25) 8) dialog: Whoa. Mother lode. He pulls up a shoebox full of MICRO-CASSETTE TAPES. Pluck one from the pile. BRET (CONT’D) They're so tiny! I didn’t even know this was a thing.
25) 10) dialog: I think I have batteries for this in my truck. He gets up and heads for the door.
25) 12) dialog: We can’t take the stuff out of here. So.
25) 47) dialog: The dude said not to take anything.
25) 49) dialog: Is that another session with Diana? Rebecca doesn’t look back at Bret. She watches the city lights drift by her window, thumb on the player.
25) 54) dialog: Hey -- INT. BRET’S SUV - NIGHT Rebecca snaps open her eyes -- Bret is nudging her. 57. She stops the player and pulls out the earbuds.
25) 56) dialog: You have a visitor. He nods at something on her side of the road. They've parked out front of her apartment building. And MARTIN is standing on her front stoop. A nervous wrec
25) 58) dialog: You need to go shopping, girl. Rebecca and Martin are seated at her little dining table. Martin has hold of Rebecca’s hand.
25) 60) dialog: Yeah. I‘ll get some snacks, maybe a couple sodas --
25) 62) dialog: Copy that. As Bret breezes by, he pats Martin on the shoulder. A mom later, he’s out the door... Leaving Martin with his sister.
25) 102) dialog: Whoa whoa, let’s all be cool-- But now voices are overlapping, everyone trying to get in
25) 105) dialog: This whole thing’s a little crazy-- Rebecca looks down at the table, aware it’s come to this:
26) 0) text: Rebecca, Bret and Martin clean dishes and toss trash.
27) 0) text: Rebecca walks past the door to the home office She checks the door out of curiosity. Locked. Rebecca frowns. Moves on. INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER Bret fluffs an old pillow on the fold-out sofa do with blankets from the downstairs closet. Rebecca arrives and admires Bret for a moment.
27) 2) dialog: I know.
27) 4) dialog: Yeah. He needs you more than I do right now.
27) 6) dialog: Unless you say otherwise. Yeah. Although it’s gonna be weird trying to sleep with all the lights on-- Rebecca pulls him into a hug.
27) 8) dialog: You can be like this around me, you know. I’m not going anywhere. Rebecca looks at him curiously. Like she’s weighing a decision. Then:
27) 10) dialog: ...What?
27) 12) dialog: Seriously? She smiles and heads back up. Bret waits until she’s out of sight, then does a silent “touchdown celebration” move.
30) 17) dialog: Becca?
31) 0) text: Bret advances for the hall, shining his light down ahead him rather carelessly. He sees the basement door (built much like a door to a garage) rattling in its frame as Rebecca pounds on it fro the other side.
31) 1) dialog: Becca is that you?
31) 3) dialog: What are-- okay hang on-- Bret reaches for the doorknob to try it-- But then something distracts him down the hall.
32) 2) dialog: Hang on. (beat) Mrs. Wells?
33) 0) text: Bret squints down the hall at: DIANA’S SILHOUETTE. Statuesque. That same wild, ratty hai As tall as he is.
33) 1) dialog: What’s going on here? He points his flashlight down the hall-- And like a mirage, Diana VANISHES soon as the beam hits t space where we saw her. Bret frowns.
33) 4) dialog: His lip is bloody from hitting it when he fell. More bloo flows from gashes on his face and neck. He fumbles for his car keys. Gets up once more. The KEY FOB is in his hand now but--
33) 5) text: From across the street. A dark FIGURE, so dark it’s as if it were made of nothing grabs Bret by the neck and LIFTS HIM OFF HIS FEET with on arm. He struggles, legs flailing, arm raised-- And then he presses the ‘unlock’ button on the key fob-- 78. And his SUV’s headlights suddenly SHINE on the front of t house and in that very same breath-- Bret seems suspended in midair by nothing, and promptly f back to the front lawn.
39) 0) text: An LAPD squad car comes tearing down the street. As it approaches, half a block before Sophie’s house, the siren are shut off, and it runs only with the lights. Tailing the squad car: Bret’s SUV. The cops pull to the curb outside Sophie’s house. Bret’s SUV skids to a halt, nearly rear-ending the squad Bret climbs out, leaving his headlights on. He still looks bloody, his shirt stained with it. Someone attempted to bandage his neck but it’s clear he left befo they could finish the job. Now that he’s back, Bret doesn’t take his eyes off the ho Two LAPD OFFICERS get out of the squad car. One male, one female. Both cool, calm, and collected. The male is OFFICER FORM; 30s, tall, African-American. The female is OFFICER GOMEZ; early 30s, muscular, two str on her uniform indicate she’s the senior officer. Bret’s already pointing and talking--
39) 1) dialog: She's in there, my girlfriend and her family--
39) 3) dialog: Listen to me, you need flashlights.
44) 0) text: Later still. Rebecca and Martin sit on the back bumper of parked ambulance. Both of them are wrapped in blankets. They look utterly spent. Bret approaches. A little worse for wear, but with bottle water for them. Rebecca scoots over so he can sit with them. For a beat they simply lean on each other. Then, Rebecca nudges Bret.
44) 2) dialog: Of course. 97. Rebecca looks at Martin, who gazes up at her like a lost puppy. Unsure of his future.
45) 4) dialog: It’ll work out.
45) 7) dialog: I know.
45) 9) dialog: (grins) I know. Rebecca paces. Bret offers her a slice of cheese. She takes it.
45) 11) dialog: No sense worrying. 99. The doorbell rings. Rebecca and Bret trade looks. Expectant. Clearly Rebecca’ been waiting for this. INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER She opens the door to reveal EMMA at her stoop. With an envelope in her hands.
45) 18) dialog: Well?
45) 20) dialog: I knew it! We’re celebrating. 100.
45) 26) dialog: Hmm?
45) 28) dialog: Becks--! And then he’s YANKED off the bed-- Slamming into THE DRESSER. Out cold. Rebecca pulls something from her nightstand drawer-- is i another flashlight? No. It’s a ROAD FLARE. Which she cracks-- 102. Suddenly casting the entire room in a FIERY RED GLOW.