17) 21) dialog: Rebecca shudders. Crouches down and traces one of the let with her finger. It’s triggering some memory; her gaze wanders off the floor and up, as if she starts to see it the same room-- All the while darkness encroaches around her, until-- INT. REBECCA’S CHILDHOOD BEDROOM - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) A young REBECCA (age 10) sleeps in her bed. From somewher the room, a nightlight casts a wan glow over her. Then... with a brief BUZZ, the nightlight winks OUT. STAYING ON REBECCA who stirs in her sleep, some part of h aware that the light has changed. A door creaks open. Rustling sounds. Like a rat in a cupboard. 37. This wakes Rebecca. She blinks. Sits up. Her bedroom CLOSET DOORS hang open. Inside: pitch black. All is quiet. Then: the rustling continues. A bit clearer now: Paper is involved. Someone handling paper. Coming from the closet. Rebecca gets gooseflesh and her heart rate skyrockets. She reaches over to her nightstand to turn on her lamp-- But the lamp is GONE. A place for a lamp is there, even a footprint on the surface, but it’s not there now. Rebecca turns back to face the closet with renewed fear. There, at the base, on its side: the lamp. Nostrils flaring, Rebecca slips out of the bed.
17) 26) dialog: Young Rebecca stares down in shock-- INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - BACK TO SCENE Present-day Rebecca stares down at the same handwriting carved into her floor. She grabs her phone. Still distracted by the carving, she brings up her voicemail. On speaker, she plays an old message.
19) 0) text: Paul’s working space. Oak desk, home computer, filing cabinets. A small treadmill in the corner. That’s not the strange part. The weirdness is the fact that the framed photos have bee taken down. Paul’s diploma, his choice of landscape art.. Even the filing cabinets are partly gutted. Rebecca notices a corner of the room: A weird MAKESHIFT BED built from pillows and a quilt is tucked back behind one side of the desk, where the desk l has been unplugged, and the cord CHEWED OFF. Something new hangs on the wall here. It’s not the same dimensions as what used to hang on the hook; the paint on wall is discolored in a different shape. Rebecca leans in to look at the new framed photo: A black-and-white snapshot, at least thirty years old. Ev the frame suggests 1980s. It’s at a hospital, outside on the grounds. Slightly off center of the pic stands a WOMAN with her back to us, hea partly turned to look our way. The shade of a wild-shaped tree hides her face from us. 42. Rebecca looks around. Feeling like she’s being watched. Carefully, she takes the framed photo down from the wall. And slides the photograph out from under the glass. On the other side of the photo, some handwritten info in faded pen: “Diana / Mulberry Hill Rehab Hospital (1986)” Rebecca stares at the photo again with renewed tension. A the figure under that crooked tree could come to life. EXT. STREET OUTSIDE SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY Rebecca stands at the curb, still clutching the photo. Bret pulls up in his SUV and gets out. Approaches her.
25) 41) text: Martin struggles, but Sophie remains firm. DIANA’S SHADOW now looms over him... A clawed HAND touchi his hair... 55.
25) 44) text: Whipping around the room, in search of Diana.
33) 0) text: Bret squints down the hall at: DIANA’S SILHOUETTE. Statuesque. That same wild, ratty hai As tall as he is.
42) 0) text: Officer Form crashes hard on a card table-- His flashlight resting on the floor by the hall-- And DIANA stands before him. Menacing. We can’t see that insane face but we know it’s there; we can hear her raspy breath through that too-big mouth... Officer Form raises his sidearm--