10) 2) dialog: Are you Rebecca? Rebecca wheels around to find EMMA (30s, sincere) waiting her, outside the door to the school nurse’s station.
10) 4) dialog: I’m Emma. I’m with Child Services. (off her look) I was assigned to Martin after your father’s death last month, and--
10) 6) dialog: Excuse me?
10) 8) dialog: Okay. Let’s talk about Martin for a minute. How is he when he’s at home? Is he sleeping?
10) 10) dialog: So it’s just your mother in the house, then?
10) 12) dialog: How is she holding up?
10) 14) dialog: How bad is it? The depression. Rebecca doesn’t like the notebook.
10) 16) dialog: Is it a chemical deficiency?
10) 18) dialog: Genetic?
11) 2) dialog: He fell asleep in homeroom this morning. For the third time in the past week. Rebecca enters, brow furrowed in concern. Martin looks up at her. Astonished.
11) 7) dialog: Martin. I know you and your mother are going through a lot. And it’s harder for you, because you really can’t talk to your mother about it. She's fighting her own battles. Rebecca rolls her eyes. She’s sat through these
11) 8) dialog: Living with someone struggling with depression is exhausting. I know because my father battled it. (MORE )
17) 0) text: Rebecca steps in -- the light is already on in here. She takes a hard look at herself in the mirror. Glances down at her arm with the old scars. She tucks her arm to her side, like she’s trying not to t about it. Something makes a small sound in the room with her, and i heartbeat she’s back to fight-or-flight mode. The shower curtain is drawn partway. Rebecca advances slowly. She relaxes when she sees: MARTIN, asleep in the dry bathtub basin, in his pajamas. He clutches his flashlight to his chest. He’s using a tow for a pillow. Rebecca sits down on the tub’s edge and watches Martin sl Her attention drifts back to the bathroom door; to the hallway beyond. Questioning what just happened. PRE-LAP the sound of a doorbell RING-- EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - MORNING The rain has stopped. The sun shines. A lone figure in a raincoat stands at Rebecca’s stoop. 34. INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM - MORNING Rebecca opens the front door to reveal the figure is EMMA And she looks sternly at Rebecca.
17) 2) dialog: Did you take Martin?
17) 5) dialog: You can’t do this.
17) 8) dialog: Where is he?
17) 10) dialog: Think about what you want to do.
17) 12) dialog: I’m not talking about some kneejerk reaction. He can’t stay here.
17) 14) dialog: Not without-- Rebecca, come on. You know why I’m here? She called me.
17) 16) dialog: I went there, I stopped by in person to make sure she was lucid, and she was, but you know what? That’s not how this works.
17) 18) dialog: Sophie is his birth mother. His legal guardian. To get Martin from her custody requires you to file charges against her. Take her to court. That’s a long, painful process, and that’s only the first half. To keep Martin from being placed into foster care, you’d need to prove yourself and your home as an appropriate surrogate. (beat) So that’s two major choices for you to make: Declaring war on your mother, and transforming into a responsible guardian for him. Are you ready to do that? Rebecca blinks. She didn’t expect that truth slapped at h this early.
45) 14) dialog: Understand, it’s not a formal adoption. But yes. You are now a foster parent. Rebecca jumps a little and then relaxes.
45) 16) dialog: Well, you’re the one who did the work and-- oh! Rebecca pulls Emma into a big, earnest hug.