39) 0) text: An LAPD squad car comes tearing down the street. As it approaches, half a block before Sophie’s house, the siren are shut off, and it runs only with the lights. Tailing the squad car: Bret’s SUV. The cops pull to the curb outside Sophie’s house. Bret’s SUV skids to a halt, nearly rear-ending the squad Bret climbs out, leaving his headlights on. He still looks bloody, his shirt stained with it. Someone attempted to bandage his neck but it’s clear he left befo they could finish the job. Now that he’s back, Bret doesn’t take his eyes off the ho Two LAPD OFFICERS get out of the squad car. One male, one female. Both cool, calm, and collected. The male is OFFICER FORM; 30s, tall, African-American. The female is OFFICER GOMEZ; early 30s, muscular, two str on her uniform indicate she’s the senior officer. Bret’s already pointing and talking--
39) 2) dialog: Sir, please return to your car, you need to get to the hospital--
39) 5) dialog: Unit eighty-one, we’re at the Marigold house, power grid is out. Over. Officer Form looks back at his partner when they get to t door, then gets his flashlight out and knocks on the door
40) 1) dialog: LAPD, we're responding to a domestic disturbance?
40) 3) dialog: (into radio) Unit eighty-one, possible fire at residence, alert LAFD-- BOOM! The door is kicked in. Officer Form shines the ligh down the stairs at-- Rebecca and Martin, who remain in the corner, Rebecca sti holding her gardening spade. 91. A thin veil of smoke displaced from the stove hangs in th room, creeping out into the hall. Like a residual fog.
40) 6) dialog: Can you move? Rebecca grabs Martin and moves up the stairs, saying:
43) 1) dialog: Andrew! (into handset) Eleven ninety-nine! Get me backup! 93. Gomez has her gun drawn. Flashlight in the other hand. Tr to control her breathing. Rebecca and Martin huddle close to the Officer. Footsteps from elsewhere in the house. The sound bounces around -- upstairs, in the basement, like someone playing game with them. Gomez is taut as a wire, changing the grip on her Glock. OFFICER GOMEZ (CONT’D) How many are there?