0) 0) text: From a ceiling angle, right up against a buzzing, occasionally flickering overhead BULB -- A MAN in this cluttered office paces back and forth. On the phone. This is PAUL, 40s, a man with gentle eyes whose body cann hide symptoms of stress and exhaustion. Deeply concerned.
0) 1) dialog: I’ve tried that. She won't go. Windows in the office look out on a larger warehouse, ful racks of clothing, mannequins, and bins of coat hangers. Paul flicks through pages on a web browser as he stands a his desk, switching the phone to the other ear.
0) 2) dialog: Rebecca? She’s her own train wreck. And I see her maybe once a year. I can’t expect her to help us. Paul listens to the person on the other end of the call. Nods along as if he agrees with them. All the while, he absently toys with his wedding band on ring finger with his thumb.
0) 3) dialog: Yeah. Yeah, okay. A light clicks ON in the warehouse, and a young man named KEITH (20s) crosses through an aisle to the office door. He knocks and enters, holding a tablet--
0) 5) dialog: Inventory good? Keith holds up the tablet, an app glowing on its screen.
0) 7) dialog: Ship it back. (into phone) I hear you. I’m not saying it isn’t a tough call. Keith mouths the word: “Tonight?” Paul sees the plea in Keith’s eyes and waves him off. Mouths back, “Tomorrow.” Keith puts his hands together and bows at Paul, then leav shutting the door quietly behind him.
0) 8) dialog: (into phone) We switched HMOs last month, and getting the prescription sorted has been a pain. So she’s been off her meds and now I keep... It’s just rough. I haven’t slept much. The motion-activated warehouse light clicks OFF. The cavernous space outside the office is dark. Nothing b black shapes huddled together.
0) 9) dialog: You and Craig were at our wedding. She will listen to you. Get her to stop locking herself in the closet. (then) So we don’t call it an intervention. As Paul shuts down the applications on his computer, he g it down to the DESKTOP WALLPAPER IMAGE: Paul, SOPHIE (40s, smiling, hair that hints Warning: Mani and MARTIN (8, somber, looking past camera).
0) 10) dialog: I know Martin would love to see you tonight. This is really taking a toll on him. A beat, then Paul closes his eyes and leans back in great relief. Nodding again:
0) 12) dialog: (sotto) Help is on the way. It’s unclear whom in the family photo he’s saying it to. With a WINK, the PC powers down.
1) 0) text: The square MOTION-ACTIVATED SENSOR tucked high in a corne clicks, its red detection-light winking off-- And the warehouse lights sputter to life again. Paul locks the back office. His keys jangle. He makes his way toward the storefront. Traversing an aisle of dresses hanging on racks. Something CLATTERS in one distant corner. Paul pauses. Listening. Looking.
1) 1) dialog: Keith? You still here? Silence. Paul stands on tiptoes to peer over the racks. No movement. The lights click OFF. Paul turns around, staring up at the motion activator.
1) 2) dialog: (sotto) Oh, come on. He waves his arm at it. Trying to trigger it. Behind him, at the end of the aisle, a DARK SILHOUETTE s out from between the racks of clothes. It seems tall. With long, unkempt hair that disguises the shape of its head and neck. And oddly, it doesn’t seem to be wearing clothes. Its sha is too smooth; too raw. Paul isn’t aware of it. THE MOTION SENSOR still doesn’t wink on. In the dark, its small red ‘detection’ light glows wanly. PAUL waves with bigger gestures... And the SILHOUETTE advances for him... Slowly at first, then picking up speed, then THE LIGHTS c on again, sputtering to life-- And there is no one else in the aisle besides Paul. Paul turns around-- And notices the hanging dresses a few feet from him swayi as if brushed by someone’s shoulder.
1) 3) dialog: Hello? No answer. Paul hurries for the door.
2) 0) text: Paul rolls the metal security gate down on the front entr to the clothing storefront. Locks the gate with his keys.
2) 1) text: The mall is quiet as a museum at night. It must be October, because Halloween decorations are out Ghosts and bats hanging on fishing wire. Scarecrows amid hay bales. Witches with pointy hats posed over kiosks. The whole place is dimly lit, mostly shut down. It’s cle Paul was working past closing time. No other shops are li Not even the hallway. Just the shelf lighting under the planters, and the occasional kiosk lights, showcasing some ad or mall map. Paul makes his way for the parking garage. As he passes a kiosk-- His SHADOW is cast upon the wall beside him. Advancing as continues past, stretching at a slanted angle. And a SECOND shadow advances just behind it. That same silhouette. Paul catches sight of it, and turns-- Nothing’s there. Nothing to make that shadow on the wall. He looks again at the wall-- It’s just his own shadow, and a very faint secondary one could be another shadow of his cast by a separate lamp. Paul’s phone RINGS. Startles the hell out of him. Nerves rattled, he checks the screen: “Home”
2) 2) dialog: (answers) Hello? (then) Hey, kiddo. I’m coming home now. Promise I‘’ll be there soon. Paul picks up the pace as he talks to his son.
2) 3) dialog: (into phone) How’s mom doing tonight? (beat) Yeah? Better? Paul reaches the doors to the parking garage. One last look back: All is quiet. All is still.
2) 4) dialog: (into phone) Well I’m on my way.
2) 5) text: When the sliding doors open for Paul, a sodium-vapor lamp awakens, saturating the structure in a dirty amber tint. This garage isn’t a typical parking building. Someone tri to make it look “arty” with its concrete pilings, turning sharp corners into rounded ends, and elongating support b in logarithmic curves. But at night, the effect is eerie: It looks like you’re inside the ribcage of an enormous Giger-esque monster. Paul’s Toyota sedan is one of maybe three cars still park at this hour, a hundred feet from the doors. Paul marches for it, keys in one hand, phone in the other It is a long and tense walk. Paul keeps looking around fo signs of other people. His footsteps echo in the cavernous space. Paul gets to the Toyota, unlocking it with his key fob. Behind him, the sodium-vapor security light goes out, drenching the garage in darkness. Paul opens the driver's door, grateful for the car’s inte light which casts a downward glow on the area around it. He hears something: The sound of the building doors slidi Paul turns around, unnerved, because the amber security l did not wink on this time. At the glass doors to the mall: THE SILHOUETTE.
2) 6) dialog: Who’s there? Silence. Paul leans in, the Toyota squeaking from the weight of hi body. He grabs a flashlight from his glovebox and stands again at the door. His fight-or-flight feelings battle hi stubborn need to not be bullied or pranked. He clicks on the flashlight’s bright, narrow beam. Shines right at the silhouette-- And it’s GONE. Like the light erased it from existence. Paul frowns. Confused. Bordering on panic. He lowers the of light, shining it on his feet-- And the silhouette has returned. Thirty feet closer. Paul lifts the light again. Directing it at the shadow-fo Again: Just light and garage wall in the distance. Beat. Paul lowers the flashlight beam-- And the silhouette is A DOZEN FEET AWAY. Paul jumps-- emits a partial curse word, and brings that light beam up reflexively. Protectively. Once again, nothing. But now, he hears it. Feet scuffling on the ground. Hurrying in some direction. Paul sweeps the beam left and right, in search of it. Nothing. Then: a slight sound behind him. The Toyota squeaking as something leans against it. Paul looks down. A shadow is cast from the car’s interior light: Something is standing right behind him. Paul starts to whirl around but-- The flashlight shines in our eyes as some hint of a HAND grabs his wrist and-- Another dark-as-ink CLAWED HAND reaches around and covers mouth and-- THE FLASHLIGHT crashes to the ground, breaking.
2) 7) text: Darkness. Then the sodium-vapor lamp awakens again, revea Paul’s mangled body on the ground by his car.
7) 0) text: Grinning like a girl in love, Rebecca saunters back into room and crosses the fireplace, leaning down to turn up t music in here. SLOWLY PUSHING IN on a photo gathering dust on the mantle A much younger Sophie, and a 12-year-old REBECCA together Snapped in mid-laugh, Sophie surprised by her daughter. No sign of Paul or Martin here.
17) 28) dialog: Rebecca. This is your step-father. You know I wouldn't be calling if it weren't serious. I just... It involves your mother. Call me? BEEP. Rebecca never called. But she has a grim idea now-- INT. REBECCA’S KITCHEN - DAY
19) 0) text: Paul’s working space. Oak desk, home computer, filing cabinets. A small treadmill in the corner. That’s not the strange part. The weirdness is the fact that the framed photos have bee taken down. Paul’s diploma, his choice of landscape art.. Even the filing cabinets are partly gutted. Rebecca notices a corner of the room: A weird MAKESHIFT BED built from pillows and a quilt is tucked back behind one side of the desk, where the desk l has been unplugged, and the cord CHEWED OFF. Something new hangs on the wall here. It’s not the same dimensions as what used to hang on the hook; the paint on wall is discolored in a different shape. Rebecca leans in to look at the new framed photo: A black-and-white snapshot, at least thirty years old. Ev the frame suggests 1980s. It’s at a hospital, outside on the grounds. Slightly off center of the pic stands a WOMAN with her back to us, hea partly turned to look our way. The shade of a wild-shaped tree hides her face from us. 42. Rebecca looks around. Feeling like she’s being watched. Carefully, she takes the framed photo down from the wall. And slides the photograph out from under the glass. On the other side of the photo, some handwritten info in faded pen: “Diana / Mulberry Hill Rehab Hospital (1986)” Rebecca stares at the photo again with renewed tension. A the figure under that crooked tree could come to life. EXT. STREET OUTSIDE SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY Rebecca stands at the curb, still clutching the photo. Bret pulls up in his SUV and gets out. Approaches her.