2) 14) dialog: (rolls eyes) Uh-huh. I’m gonna go shower.
2) 16) dialog: You'll smell like girly soap. He smiles back. Completely smitten.
3) 0) text: Rebecca showers. All that makeup washes out. The teased h thoroughly rinsed. No sign of Bret.
4) 0) text: In a towel, Rebecca combs out her hair, staring at her ow reflection. Her skin is pink from the hot water. Now it’s clear how m of that makeup is a persona; a disguise. Because she look completely different in this light. She’s like a lost gir five years younger. She examines her left arm, with the elaborate tattoo. The inside of her forearm is more heavily inked. As if to cover over an older tattoo or birthmark. She looks at her right arm, currently bare. The inside of this arm is peppered with neat rows of shor scars. Too neat to be accidental. Rebecca used to be a cutter. For a brief moment, there’s a sadness in her expression rarely seen by someone twice her age. Then, she walls it up again in a deep breath, and steps out. INT. BEDROOM —- NIGHT It’s raining outside, now. Watersnake shadows slink down window, and the rain creates a soothing white noise. Bret is fast asleep on the bed. Snoring lightly. Rebecca nudges him with her naked foot.
4) 1) dialog: Hey. Marathon Man. 10. He wakes up. Sits up on his elbows.
4) 3) dialog: You can’t stay. That’s when it hits us: This isn’t Bret’s apartment. It’s Rebecca’s. All this artwork is hers.
4) 5) dialog: Nope. Bret reluctantly starts to get dressed. Notices the weath
4) 7) dialog: You'll be fine. You’re not a puppy.
4) 9) dialog: You're a guy I’ve been seeing. (off his reaction) The only guy I’ve been seeing.
4) 11) dialog: Eight months? Really? Wow. That puts you in first place. (then) C’mon, out, I have work early in the morning. Then I’m gonna have Gina start on my other sleeve. Rebecca shuffles out the door to her living room.
4) 13) dialog: No.
4) 15) dialog: What good is one sock?
4) 17) dialog: No. Bret pulls a t-shirt over his head. It sports a band logo his own thrash metal band -- UNHOLY TRINITY. With a peeli photo-graphic of himself and his two bandmates.
5) 0) text: Rebecca cleans up the Chinese takeout on the coffee table This place is too small to have a dining room. Bret calls from the bedroom:
5) 2) dialog: I'll see you tomorrow night at the gig. Let’s just agree to that, OK?
6) 3) dialog: Hey! Sexy! Bret looks up through the rain: Rebecca has slid open her bedroom window, grinning down a him, still in her t-shirt.
6) 4) dialog: I like you a lot. Bret steps forward, encouraged.
6) 6) dialog: Not quite. Bret smiles through the rain. Expectant. His SOCK sails down and lands on his shoulder.
6) 7) dialog: See you tomorrow. She slides the window shut. Bret picks his drenched sock from his shoulder.
7) 0) text: Grinning like a girl in love, Rebecca saunters back into room and crosses the fireplace, leaning down to turn up t music in here. SLOWLY PUSHING IN on a photo gathering dust on the mantle A much younger Sophie, and a 12-year-old REBECCA together Snapped in mid-laugh, Sophie surprised by her daughter. No sign of Paul or Martin here.
10) 0) text: Rebecca marches in from outside, with Bret trailing her. grins at the seasonal calendar for the grade school.
10) 3) dialog: Who are you?
10) 5) dialog: Step-father. 18.
10) 7) dialog: Paul was Martin’s father, not mine. My dad ran off with his physical therapist when I was ten. Emma wasn’t expecting this information. She rolls with it
10) 9) dialog: I don’t live there.
10) 11) dialog: Yeah?
10) 13) dialog: Well, she takes antidepressants for her mood swings. Is that what you're asking? Emma opens a small Moleskine notebook and makes a note.
10) 15) dialog: Nothing to write about.
10) 17) dialog: What?
10) 19) dialog: No. I mean, I don’t know?
10) 21) dialog: Look, is Martin okay? You’re talking like he has a black eye or something.
11) 4) dialog: Yeah.
11) 6) dialog: Where’s Mom? Martin shrugs. Looks away. Emma steps in, putting her notebook back in her
11) 12) dialog: My deal was more complicated. And has nothing to do with you and mom. Come on. I’1l take you home.
11) 14) dialog: Where you live. Martin lets out a tired breath and eases off the chair. Rebecca can read his body language.
11) 15) dialog: You’re gonna be okay. (to Emma) He’s gonna be fine. EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY Bret’s beat-up SUV pulls into the driveway. INT. BRET’S SUV Bret shifts into park and smiles through the rearview Martin, who’s buckled into the back seat. Rebecca rides shotgun.
11) 17) dialog: Her car is here, so she’s home. at Martin makes no move to unbuckle his seat belt. His backp sits on the seat next to him. 21.
11) 20) dialog: You wouldn’t like it there. I have lots of scary posters on the walls. But Martin looks more scared of his own house now.
11) 23) dialog: Why are you excited?
11) 25) dialog: C’mon Martin, let’s go. (points at Bret) You, stay in the car.
12) 0) text: Rebecca leads Martin up to the front door.
12) 1) dialog: Mom goes through phases like this. Just give her a while and she'll bounce back. Is she being social with anyone right now? 22.
12) 3) dialog: Good. Who?
12) 5) dialog: ...What?
12) 7) dialog: I know what you’re going through. She did it to me after my dad left. She got off her meds and started talking to... someone.
13) 0) text: Rebecca puts a hand on Martin’s shoulder.
13) 1) dialog: I had bad dreams about Diana, but that’s all they are. Because she isn’t real. Okay? Martin's face goes from hopeful confidant to disappointed Suddenly he looks more exhausted than any eight-year-old should ever be. Head bowed:
13) 4) dialog: Hey, mom. Sophie notes Rebecca’s clothing color choice.
13) 6) dialog: I just like black. Sophie nods, conceding. She pulls Rebecca into a welcome
13) 8) dialog: You, too. Martin moves past, into the house.
14) 2) dialog: He hasn’t been sleeping.
14) 4) dialog: Are you seeing a therapist? Sophie deflects by idly tidying up. As she does: 24.
14) 6) dialog: Oh yeah, I remember. She looks around the room and spies a half-eaten lunch on coffee table. The TV plays, muted. For the first time, we get a better look at the room, wit the new curtains. It’s more of a cave now. Some boxes of clothes (Paul’s) s in a corner of the room, like a hoarder’s starter kit. Th lack of natural light, mixed with the multicolored ambien light, all makes for a depressing, if macabre feel.
14) 7) dialog: How long have you been off-roading it? Sophie’s poor-me vibe disappears in a breath. She bites b
14) 10) dialog: Help? Is that your code word for making someone listen to you complain about your life all day?
15) 1) dialog: Answer the question!
15) 3) dialog: How about you be on Martin’s side, have you thought about that? Martin slowly approaches the door, to peer inside... POV: A SHADOW on the wall moves. Something’s in there. Startled, Martin hurries for the living room. INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM Mother and daughter still go at it.
15) 5) dialog: Can we talk about Martin without you jumping to that idea? Come on!
15) 7) dialog: I’m going to give you some time. And when you aren’t totally manic, you can call me. Until then, I’m not letting Martin stay here. (calling) Martin, pack your-- Martin steps in, tense, carrying his bag and backpack.
15) 10) dialog: Let's go. Rebecca leads Martin out the front door. Sophie is hot on their tracks.
15) 12) dialog: Nobody planned anything, mom. Martin looks back at his mother with a gentle look of pur sympathy. On his way out:
15) 15) dialog: Get back in, we're leaving.
15) 17) dialog: My place. Bret moves. No questions. At the front door, Sophie calls after Rebecca:
15) 19) dialog: You're just like a crazy b-- EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - EVENING Establishing. The sky threatens to rain. The clouds are t color of fresh bruises. INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - EVENING Rebecca opens the door for Martin, showing him in like a hop to a hotel suite.
15) 20) dialog: Here we are. You can take the bed tonight. Just stash your stuff wherever. Martin steps in and looks wide-eyed at the posters on the walls. Like he’s on an alien planet. Rebecca watches Martin. Suddenly feels embarrassed.
15) 21) dialog: Or if you prefer the couch... Martin puts his bag on the bed.
15) 23) dialog: I’m gonna order some dinner. She gently shuts her door, letting him alone. Martin unzips the gym bag and digs around through the clo inside. He finds what he’s after, and pulls it out-- 28. A FLASHLIGHT. He checks the switch, then puts it on the nightstand. INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM Bret pulls Rebecca around to speak to her quietly before gets to the kitchen phone.
15) 25) dialog: What do you mean?
15) 27) dialog: It’s not safe there.
15) 29) dialog: He’s my brother.
15) 31) dialog: So? Bret takes a beat. Watches her carefully.
15) 33) dialog: You should go now. Bret deflates. He grabs his keys. Staying on Rebecca, all stern face and disappointment... The sound of the front door SHUTTING... 29. And Rebecca slumps, almost caving in on herself. She puts hand over her face and lets out a long breath. INT. REBECCA’S KITCHEN - NIGHT Dark. Then a light clicks on to reveal we’re inside the fridge and Rebecca has just opened the door, peering in.
15) 34) dialog: Let me see what I can put together for you... She grabs some lunchmeat.
15) 35) dialog: How about a sandwich? In the dinette right off the kitchen, Martin sits at the table, in his pajamas. He nods. His hair is wild from a recent bath. Rebecca builds a sandwich for him at the counter.
15) 36) dialog: I know this is a little late for dinner. So. We’1l call it a snack. (then) Crust or no crust?
15) 38) dialog: Oh, you take after your big sister. She brings the sandwich on a plate to the table and prese it to him. Martin takes a bite. Nods: He approves. Rebecca then notices a HAIRBRUSH on the table.
15) 40) dialog: Well. I’1l give it a try. 30. Rebecca works on taming Martin’s messy hair while he eats For a moment, the two are actually content as siblings. H feels nurtured, and she feels like a proper caregiver. Then, Martin puts down his sandwich.
15) 42) dialog: Hmm?
16) 0) text: A bonfire crackles. A bonfire made of clothes, CDs, and other personal effect SOPHIE (younger, exhausted) stands at the fire with a box her feet. She wears a bath robe that she’s been living in the past week, judging by its condition. Next to her, a 10-year-old REBECCA. Big eyes. And scared way children get when a pillar of their life changes.
16) 9) dialog: Martin? The neon winks off to reveal A SILHOUETTE in the door. Sm Partly enveloped in shadow from the room beyond. The SCRATCHING comes from somewhere in that direction.
16) 10) dialog: What are you doing? The neon lights up the room in a green glow, revealing nothing in the hall... Then it goes out, and the SILHOUETTE is back. The SCRATCHING continues. Rebecca reaches over to turn on the bedside lamp-- click. nothing happens. Click-click. Nope.
16) 11) dialog: You need to flip the light switch by you. The outlet is... here. She gets out of bed. The neon light returns, illuminating doorway... No one is there. Rebecca frowns. Takes a step forward, cautious. Beat. The light goes out again... Revealing the SILHOUETTE still there. Rebecca’s breath catches.
16) 12) dialog: (softly) Martin? The shadow RISES now, from its small, hunched over state, something taller than Rebecca by a foot. Rebecca backpedals, stumbles, hits the hardwood floor-- The silhouette takes a step into the room and something l toenails CLICK against the wood surface-- Rebecca is trapped, the bedroom door her only way out, adrenaline dumping into her system all at once-- Then the neon returns-- 33. And the silhouette EVAPORATES when the light washes over and for a precious few seconds Rebecca is safe-- Which is when Rebecca scrambles to get back up and RUSH f the wall switch by the door-- Slapping it with her hand while she’s in the wash of ligh CLICK. The bedside lamp turns on. Rebecca is alone in the lit room. Suddenly out of breath, but alone.
17) 0) text: Rebecca steps in -- the light is already on in here. She takes a hard look at herself in the mirror. Glances down at her arm with the old scars. She tucks her arm to her side, like she’s trying not to t about it. Something makes a small sound in the room with her, and i heartbeat she’s back to fight-or-flight mode. The shower curtain is drawn partway. Rebecca advances slowly. She relaxes when she sees: MARTIN, asleep in the dry bathtub basin, in his pajamas. He clutches his flashlight to his chest. He’s using a tow for a pillow. Rebecca sits down on the tub’s edge and watches Martin sl Her attention drifts back to the bathroom door; to the hallway beyond. Questioning what just happened. PRE-LAP the sound of a doorbell RING-- EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - MORNING The rain has stopped. The sun shines. A lone figure in a raincoat stands at Rebecca’s stoop. 34. INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM - MORNING Rebecca opens the front door to reveal the figure is EMMA And she looks sternly at Rebecca.
17) 1) dialog: Hey.
17) 3) dialog: What?
17) 7) dialog: She’s unstable. It’s not a safe environment for him. For anyone.
17) 9) dialog: Getting dressed for school. Emma looks to the closed bedroom door, then speaks direct but in a slightly low voice to prevent Martin overhearing
17) 11) dialog: I did. I brought him here.
17) 13) dialog: Sure he can. 35.
17) 15) dialog: So Child Services takes orders from nutjobs now? She’s on triazolam and beta blockers for a reason. Emma stands up like she’s taking the pulpit.
17) 17) dialog: Why the hell not?
17) 19) dialog: I can be a responsible guardian. Emma answers by looking past Rebecca, and then around the room, taking it all in. More HEAVY METAL POSTERS. Some with provocative illustrat women. A book on the coffee table about tattoo artists. A finally, a plastic bong on the bookshelf. Emma doesn’t say a word. She doesn’t have to. 36. EXT. REBECCA’S FRONT STOOP - MORNING Emma takes Martin by the hand to her car. Martin looks back at Rebecca who stands at her doorway. He waves at her.
17) 29) text: - Rebecca’s thumb on the power button to her weathered la as the boot sequence CHIMES. - Rebecca’s hand on the fridge, pulling a card for an LAP detective from the door. - Digits lighting up on her cell phone’s screen: “7-1-4” - Rebecca’s fingers flutter on the keyboard, that black n polish shining in the screen’s glow. 39.
17) 32) dialog: Detective Petrucci? This is Rebecca Lloyd. We spoke a few weeks ago, about my step-father’s murder? She paces the room as she listens. The Detective’s voice barely heard on the other line.
17) 33) dialog: Paul Wells, yes. Did you catch whoever did it? Rebecca scrolls down the article on her laptop and puts Petrucci on speakerphone while she keeps reading.
17) 35) dialog: Me? I mean, not really.
17) 37) dialog: I guess? He was my step-dad. Why? 40.
17) 39) dialog: Dad ran off with a client. That’s all. Over the speakerphone, she can hear Petrucci typing at hi computer, making notes.
17) 41) dialog: I gotta go. And she hangs up. For a moment her eyes wander, then she up, having committed to a course of action: Time to go straight to the source. PRE-LAP a DOORBELL: EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY Rebecca stands on the front porch just as a taxi pulls aw from the curb. She rings the bell again. Stands back and checks the driveway: No car.
17) 42) dialog: (calling out) Mom? You home? Nothing. Checking over her shoulder, Rebecca bends down -- 41. And pulls a small plastic magnetized CONTAINER from under windowsill. Slides it open to reveal: A HOUSE KEY. INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER Rebecca steps inside and shuts the door behind her.
17) 43) dialog: Hello? No response. Rebecca ventures deeper into the house.
18) 0) text: Rebecca ascends the stairs and heads for the master bedro She glances in at the home office on her way and stops in tracks. Turns. And steps inside.
19) 0) text: Paul’s working space. Oak desk, home computer, filing cabinets. A small treadmill in the corner. That’s not the strange part. The weirdness is the fact that the framed photos have bee taken down. Paul’s diploma, his choice of landscape art.. Even the filing cabinets are partly gutted. Rebecca notices a corner of the room: A weird MAKESHIFT BED built from pillows and a quilt is tucked back behind one side of the desk, where the desk l has been unplugged, and the cord CHEWED OFF. Something new hangs on the wall here. It’s not the same dimensions as what used to hang on the hook; the paint on wall is discolored in a different shape. Rebecca leans in to look at the new framed photo: A black-and-white snapshot, at least thirty years old. Ev the frame suggests 1980s. It’s at a hospital, outside on the grounds. Slightly off center of the pic stands a WOMAN with her back to us, hea partly turned to look our way. The shade of a wild-shaped tree hides her face from us. 42. Rebecca looks around. Feeling like she’s being watched. Carefully, she takes the framed photo down from the wall. And slides the photograph out from under the glass. On the other side of the photo, some handwritten info in faded pen: “Diana / Mulberry Hill Rehab Hospital (1986)” Rebecca stares at the photo again with renewed tension. A the figure under that crooked tree could come to life. EXT. STREET OUTSIDE SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY Rebecca stands at the curb, still clutching the photo. Bret pulls up in his SUV and gets out. Approaches her.
19) 2) dialog: I need a ride. To a hospital.
19) 4) dialog: Yeah. Come on-- She goes for the passenger door, but it’s locked.
19) 5) dialog: Let’s just go. I’1l tell you about it in the car. Bret isn’t caving. He crosses his arms at her.
19) 7) dialog: That. Yeah. Hey. She steps up to him. Looks him in the eyes. And kisses hi the mouth. She pulls back. Takes a breath.
19) 8) dialog: You were right. I was using Martin to get back at mom. I’m sorry. Bret’s a little loopy from the kiss. But he recovers.
19) 10) dialog: I need to do a lot of things. Starting with a visit to Mulberry Hill mental hospital. Bret heads back around to the driver's side--
19) 12) dialog: Diana was a patient there. (still amazed) The bitch is real! They both get in the car.
19) 14) dialog: Let’s find out.
20) 0) text: Bret’s SUV pulls up to the curb. Bret and Rebecca get out They both stare at something 0.S., disturbed. Rebecca looks at the photo in her hands, then back up.
20) 2) dialog: Shit.
20) 4) dialog: Someone’s gotta know. She heads for the front doors. Bret reluctantly follows.
21) 2) dialog: What happened to it? Louis shrugs.
21) 6) dialog: You don’t have any forwarding info? 45.
21) 9) dialog: What happened to that stuff?
21) 11) dialog: They left patient files?
22) 2) dialog: That looks new.
23) 5) dialog: Yeah. (sotto) Someone should've told my mom that. EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY A school bus pulls away from the curb as Martin walks to front door of the house. The heavy curtains are still drawn. 47. INT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Martin lets himself in. The house is quiet. The TV muted.
25) 0) text: Rebecca and Bret dig through files. They’ve been at it fo while. The place is messier, boxes opened, papers scatter
25) 1) dialog: This is useless. All I got are patient numbers. No names.
25) 3) dialog: Because my mother went here, when she was about my age.
25) 5) dialog: I can’t. Not about this. (beat) Mom's always been a little... off. It’s just brain chemistry, not her fault. But after Dad left, she started talking to herself. Just whispers. Then, it became a full character. She called her Diana.
25) 7) dialog: I was really hoping. Bret opens another box. Does a double take.
25) 9) dialog: You didn’t know about micro- cassette recorders? Bret discovers a MCR/Player inside as well. Fascinated.
25) 11) dialog: Where are you going?
25) 13) dialog: ...Okay. 50. Bret steps out. Immediately Rebecca feels uneasy. She sta digging in the same box Bret was searching. She pulls out a slim POWER CORD. Tries one end on the jac for the MCR/Player-- It fits.
25) 14) dialog: Bret! Wait-- I found a cord! No answer. He’s already gone. Rebecca stares at the cassettes a beat.
25) 15) text: - She plugs the cord into a power outlet. - She snaps a cassette into the tiny recorder. - MACRO SHOT of the cassette heads spinning. - VOICES drone on from the player. - Rebecca EJECTS a tape, slaps in another. - The whole process is repeated. She’s searching... LATER: WHITE NOISE hisses like steady rain. The volume is cranked on the little speaker. Rebecca lets it play as she digs through file boxes. A pile of opened cassette cases lies next to the player.
25) 48) dialog: Like he’s gonna know what’s missing. Rebecca presses ‘play’ and stares out her window, listeni to one of the tapes.
25) 50) dialog: No... This one is my mother. She turns up the volume and starts to tune out the rest o the world. SLOW PUSH as she listens to the tape. We don’t hear the recording, beyond the dull mono-channel pitch of that doctor’s VOICE in her ears... CLOSING IN on Rebecca, closing her eyes... THE SCORE builds as the sound of that doctor’s voice gets little clearer... Can start to make out some of it --
25) 55) dialog: What?
25) 57) dialog: Oh, no... INT. REBECCA’S KITCHEN - NIGHT Bret searches the fridge, closes the door in defeat.
25) 59) dialog: Can you run down to the little mart on the corner?
25) 61) dialog: No caffeine.
25) 63) dialog: You wanna talk about it now?
25) 66) dialog: Hey, hey. Look at me. (then) I believe you. She’s real. I don’t know how or why...
25) 69) dialog: Here’s what I know: In 1986, mom hit a low point with her depression and was admitted to a hospital for treatment. Her kind of depression is best fought with heliotherapy. (off the boy’s look) That’s using sunlight, or a special kind of artificial light, exposure to it for long stretches.
25) 71) dialog: That works, too. So, when she was in the hospital, she made friends with another patient -- an extreme case. Her name was Diana. This gets Martin’s full attention.
25) 73) dialog: No. Mom got better and was released, but Diana reacted to the treatment so badly she died.
25) 75) dialog: Every time our mom falls off the wagon and lets depression back in, Diana shows up. Like a schism, or, I don’t know...
25) 77) dialog: I didn’t. Mom took a spill down the stairs one night, spent a month in the hospital where they put her back on her meds, and-- (ding ding ding) That’s what we do. We get her back on the wagon, Diana will go away.
25) 79) dialog: How do you know?
25) 81) dialog: That’s Bret, hang on. Rebecca goes to her door, opens it --
25) 82) dialog: I left it unlocked, silly -- But no one’s there. Rebecca looks left, right -- nothing. An even LOUDER KNOCKING happens from the coat closet, cau Rebecca to jump. She shuts the front door and cautiously approaches the co closet. Reaches for the door knob.
25) 83) dialog: Bret...?
25) 85) dialog: Gets close to the door... she can hear something on the o side. A raspy breath. Sub-vocal muttering. Flicks on the light beside the coat closet door. The yellow light seeps through the door’s cracks. And in that moment, all the noises inside STOP. INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Martin turns on the light and backs from the bedroom door All is quiet, then -- the bedroom closet door BANGS from someone KNOCKING on it inside. Martin freaks out.
25) 87) dialog: Mom... We need to talk. INT. SOPHIE’S DINING ROOM - NIGHT Sophie, Martin, Rebecca, and Bret all sit at the dining table. You could hear a pin drop. 61. The awkward silence lasts a long beat as everyone keeps glancing around at everyone else. It’s the Cold War. Rebecca finally speaks up.
25) 88) dialog: Mom... Tell us about Diana. Sophie puts down her glass of water. Suspicious.
25) 90) dialog: Your “friend” Diana? Martin says she was just here an hour ago? Sophie looks from Martin to Rebecca with a guarded expression. Holds up her hand to shield her eyes from the dining room lights. Her looks even paler, now.
25) 92) dialog: This the same Diana you’re friends with now? Yes?
25) 94) dialog: Answer my question--
25) 96) dialog: You met her at Mulberry Hill when you got put in for depression, right? Am I right?
25) 98) dialog: Because she died a year later!
25) 100) dialog: That’s the truth-- Sophie stands up, her chair SCREECHING on the floor. In f “defensive peacock” mode.
25) 103) dialog: I found the obituary! All right?
25) 106) dialog: There’s a dead woman in this house. Everyone hears her. And it quiets the whole room. Rebecca looks up at her mother, accusing--
25) 107) dialog: And you let her in, mom. You let her stay. Every time. Beat. The tension: through the roof. Everyone staring at other like it’s a Mexican standoff. Then... Sophie chuckles. A small laugh.
25) 112) dialog: Mom. She’s not a friend. She's dead. Sophie leans in. Looks right at her.
25) 114) dialog: Then what is she? From the back of the house, they all hear Sophie’s bedroo door slamming SHUT.
26) 0) text: Rebecca, Bret and Martin clean dishes and toss trash.
26) 1) dialog: You can sleep over at my place again tonight. I’1l talk to CPS about this.
26) 3) dialog: What do you mean ‘no’?
26) 5) dialog: I’m not here for her, I’m here for you. That’s the priority. Beat. Martin takes a dish and moves it to the drying rack turning his back on Rebecca. This little boy has grown up heartbreakingly fast.
26) 7) dialog: It isn’t safe here. Martin turns around to face her.
26) 9) dialog: All right. Here’s what we’ll do. Bret and I will stay over tonight. Tomorrow, I’1l find some more history on Diana and show it to Emma. Make the case that this is a serious threat. Maybe we can get mom some real help that way. Okay?
26) 11) dialog: How long does she stay in her room at night?
26) 13) dialog: Okay. First priority, make this more of a home. 65.
26) 15) dialog: Next, we put in some safeguards. - Rebecca duct-tapes a light panel in the “on” position. - Martin tests a flashlight and sets it on an end table. - Bret places a heavy piece of furniture up against a pow cord plugged into an outlet.
26) 16) dialog: The important thing is to just be smart about it. - Rebecca sets an extra box of LIGHT BULBS on a counter. - Martin places another flashlight in a hallway potted pl Like it’s a handgun or a piece of contraband. - Bret sets his cigarette lighter next to a large candle. INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - NIGHT Martin climbs into bed. Rebecca watches from the door.
26) 17) dialog: Bret and I will be downstairs on the sleeper sofa. Okay?
26) 19) dialog: Door open or closed?
26) 21) text: Could you sleep in here instead? Beat. Rebecca was obviously looking forward to her boyfriend.
27) 0) text: Rebecca walks past the door to the home office She checks the door out of curiosity. Locked. Rebecca frowns. Moves on. INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER Bret fluffs an old pillow on the fold-out sofa do with blankets from the downstairs closet. Rebecca arrives and admires Bret for a moment.
27) 1) dialog: You don’t have to stay, you know.
27) 3) dialog: Martin wants me to sleep in his room tonight. Bret takes a breath. Nods.
27) 5) dialog: You still staying?
27) 7) dialog: Thank you. Bret is a bit surprised by her intimacy. 66. being close to -- shut. bed. He’s made 67.
27) 9) dialog: Bottom drawer of my dresser.
27) 11) dialog: It’s yours. I'll clear it out for you.
28) 0) text: Rebecca returns to Martin’s room, but then continues to t end of the hall, to the master bedroom door. Sophie’s doo It’s shut. Rebecca gets close. Listens. Knocks.
28) 1) dialog: Mom? We're staying overnight. (beat; silence) See you in the morning. (another beat) Love you. Rebecca pulls away. The door opens a crack. Sophie peers out at her daughter. Her eyes are bloodshot her face is wet from crying.
28) 3) dialog: Yeah. Sophie nods, relieved.
28) 5) dialog: Of course.
28) 7) dialog: Goodnight, mom.
29) 0) text: Rebecca turns on the light and immediately goes to the medicine cabinet. Flings it open, digs around the shelves checking bottles, getting more and more frustrated--
29) 1) dialog: C'mon, c’mon... Finally she exhausts the selection of OTC and prescriptio bottles in the cabinet and looks around the bathroom in desperation. Her attention is drawn to the small trash bin, by the toi Rebecca reaches in and pulls out a narrow pill bottle. Em She reads the prescription on the side, and--
29) 2) dialog: (sotto) Shit... The bottle is missing its white lid. Overhead, the bathroom light begins to FLICKER and BUZZ. Rebecca keeps the pill bottle and backs out of the room, suddenly nervous, as if she were being watched. INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - NIGHT Rebecca joins Martin under the covers. Puts a hand on Martin’s shoulder so he knows she’s there. The bedside lamp is on, plus two large candles on the nightstands on either side of the bed. She closes her eyes. Martin is still awake.
29) 4) dialog: Hmm?
29) 6) dialog: No. But we’ll figure something out. 70.
29) 8) dialog: Heliotherapy works, too. We’ll get her out in the sun tomorrow. Go to the beach, maybe.
29) 10) dialog: (softer) Get some sleep. He closes his eyes, but she lingers on that last question PRESSING IN on Rebecca, as she drifts to sleep... INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - NIGHT Only a night-light on the far wall sheds light in the roo now. And the decor is different; girly. Dolls and pink. In the bed is YOUNG REBECCA, maybe eight years old, huddl under the covers. She’s been crying. She stares at: A PHOTO of her father VICTOR standing with her, holding a pair of fishing rods. Father and daughter out playing. CLOSE ON REBECCA, breaking out of her memory when she hea the CLICKING OF TOENAILS on the hardwood floor. She holds her breath. Terrified. The mattress sinks under the weight of something new. PUSHING IN CLOSER on Rebecca’s face, as... Black HAIR descends near Rebecca’s ear -- that’s all we s of Diana, but then: DIANA’S VOICE Be my friend... It’s a gravelly version of the voice we heard on the micr cassette recording. Young Rebecca is too scared to scream. As if in a nightma 71. And with that, Diana starts to CRAWL INTO BED WITH REBECC pulling the covers on the far side of the bed. Rebecca closes her eyes even tighter than before and open her mouth to scream -- INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - NIGHT And Rebecca wakes with a start. Sits up. It was just a nightmare. Or a memory. Before it was Marti room it was hers, and she’s back again. Martin sleeps soundly next to her. Rebecca calms down. Somewhere in the bowels of the house -- a distant CLAP. And immediately after, the power goes out. Only the two candles burn in Martin’s room.
29) 11) dialog: (sotto) Shit... Rebecca grabs a commercial-grade flashlight from her side the bed, clicks it on, and slips out. INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER Rebecca descends the stairs and enters the room, saying i stage-whisper:
29) 12) dialog: Bret! Wake up-- She sweeps the light over the sofa-bed... Bret isn’t there.
29) 13) dialog: (sotto) Shit. Shit shit shit. She moves for the downstairs hallway.
30) 0) text: From the utter darkness, a door opens and Rebecca stands silhouette at the threshold. 72. She shines the beam downstairs. The steps are more like a ladder; steep. More boxes on the floor and on metal shelving down here. furniture. Seasonal junk for the lawn... And, on a load-bearing post: the house’s CIRCUIT BREAKER Rebecca descends the precarious steps. She advances for the box. As she does, shadows seem to bounce around the room. It m her paranoid. She keeps glancing behind her. At the box, she pries open the lid and shines the light a the breaker switches. They all seem to be in the proper position.
30) 1) dialog: C'mon, c’mon... She begins flipping switches back and forth. She glances back at the door for signs of power-- And a SILHOUETTE now stands in the threshold. Rebecca nearly screams, but recovers quickly enough to sw the flashlight beam at it-- Revealing it’s MARTIN with a candle in the hall.
30) 3) dialog: The power went out. I’m trying to restart it-- Martin sets the candle on the top step in the doorway.
30) 5) dialog: What are you doing? Martin descends and hurries to her side.
30) 7) dialog: (terse) Okay.
30) 9) dialog: (softens ) All right. She returns to the circuit breaker switches.
30) 10) dialog: Nothing is working.
30) 12) dialog: ...A trap. The soft sound of a short, quick breath comes from upstai And Martin’s CANDLE SNUFFS OUT. Rebecca looks up that way-- DIANA’S SILHOUETTE stands at the basement door. Rebecca grabs the flashlight and wheels it around but-- The door SLAMS shut and locks from the other side.
30) 13) dialog: No-- NO. She hurries up the steps. Martin begins to fall into darkness, since she’s taking t flashlight with her--
30) 15) dialog: Come on! (bangs on door)
31) 0) text: Bret advances for the hall, shining his light down ahead him rather carelessly. He sees the basement door (built much like a door to a garage) rattling in its frame as Rebecca pounds on it fro the other side.
31) 2) dialog: Bret! Get us out!
32) 0) text: Rebecca and Martin get quiet. 75.
32) 1) dialog: Bret?
33) 2) dialog: (muted) Bret! Listen to me! Keep in the light! Bret lowers the beam... And Diana’s shadow IS CLOSER. Halfway to him now. Bret jumps out of his skin, and pulls the flashlight back shine down the hall-- And she’s gone again. REBECCA (0.S.) (CONT’D) Don’t have just one-- she’ll get around you! Panicked, Bret swings around, checking behind him, toward front of the house-- No one there. He swings back-- The hall is empty. He holds the flashlight up high-- 76. Swings down hard on the knob. CLANNNG. He holds it up again-- And something GRABS HIS ARM, yanking him out of frame-- INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM --hurtling him to the floor of the living room as if he w a child’s toy. THE FLASHLIGHT lands on the hallway floor, its light guttering like a candle about to be snuffed. The flashes the hallway a “strobe” effect. Bret has wrenched his shoulder but he starts to get up-- And then he sees her. The SILHOUETTE advances for him in fits of speed, backlit the sputtering flashlight in the hall-- Bret scrambles and pulls up his CELL PHONE pointing the screen out and shining it in front of him, like a talisma Diana is gone again.
33) 3) dialog: (muffled) Bret! Bret is hyperventilating as he stands. Scared out of his mind. It doesn’t make sense to him. The phone’s paltry ambient screen-light barely illuminate four feet in front of him. And it’s the passcode screen. Bret hears footfall on the floor-- To his left-- But he can’t see that far into the living room. Then to his right-- Still nothing. Then he hears it: raspy BREATHING. Like it’s right there. REBECCA (0.S.) (CONT’D) (distant) Bret! Come here! 77. DIANA’S VOICE (imitating Rebecca) Come here. The passcode screen goes dark again-- AND DIANA IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF HIM. Even this close, she appears almost two-dimensional until-- Bret is struck across the face-- And he stumbles backward over an end table, spilling near front foyer. The PHONE lands on the floor, face down. A tiny halo of refreshed light from the screen. Some dark foot SMASHES IT, and the light goes out. Bret gets up again, bleeding from the face, and he runs a fast as he fucking can for the front door. EXT. SOPHIE’S HOUSE Out the front he goes, flinging the door behind him-- And stumbling on the porch step. No-- worse. Like something had hold of one leg. It’s outside. It should feel safe. But the blackout is al the entire block, and the new moon makes this world anyth but safe and well-lit.
34) 0) text: Rebecca and Martin are still huddled by the door. Straini to listen. They hear the SUV engine start. And then the sound of the vehicle peeling out and away. Rebecca's heart sinks.
34) 2) dialog: No. He wouldn’t... He wouldn’t do that, would he? The reality sets in: They’re alone in the basement. With monster in the house.
34) 4) dialog: Oh no, do not die on me--
34) 6) dialog: Let’s make some other light.
36) 0) text: Fire flickers from gas tubing. We're in: An iron “fireplace” stove with a large ventilation pipe. one time, before central air/heating was a thing, this basement was kept warm with this wood-burning heater. But now there is no wood. It hasn’t been used in years. Rebecca shoves crinkled newspaper into the mouth of the thing, and the flames catch it, offering the room some fleeting warm light. Behind Rebecca, Martin holds the weakening flashlight.
36) 2) dialog: I know.
36) 4) dialog: I know! Rebecca starts scavenging for whatever she can find. She grabs a cardboard box’s lid. And then from the box, an old stuffed ANIMAL missing one button-eye. And a stack of yellowed MAGAZINES. All of it goes into the stove’s mouth. The junk doesn’t catch fire right away. Martin hears something in the dark: CLICKING toenails. Scurrying sounds from somewhere. He sweeps the flashlight around. Its beam has narrowed. 81. DIANA’S VOICE (sing-song) Maaaaartin... Martin tenses. Rebecca blows on the fire. Puts her hand in and grabs som burning newsprint to try and spread it. The flashlight flickers. Martin tries to keep it everywhere at once. All he succeeds in doing is make the shadows in the room dance and sway. The plastic, four-foot-tall “wise men” figures trotted out for the lawn in December continue to humanoid shadows on the wall. Martin keeps his focus on them. From directly above him... matted jet-black hair DESCENDS like she’s perched on the rafter above him-- DIANA’S VOICE (CONT’D) (sotto) Brush your hair-- Martin freaks and points the flashlight directly up-- And, like flashlights with batteries in the handle, it ca the light to nearly go out, flickering-- Martin backs up, but just in the nick of time-- The STUFFED ANIMAL in the stove catches fire.
36) 5) text: The corner of the room by the stove is saturated in the g of the fire. Rebecca did it. Martin sits down, already exhausted.
36) 6) dialog: That won’t last more than a few minutes. We need to find more stuff to burn.
37) 0) text: Rebecca and Martin dig through boxes. 82. Anything deemed burnable gets tossed in a pile near the stove. Martin’s lack of sleep is catching up with him. Fatigue i setting in.
37) 1) dialog: (re: her file box) Mom saved her tax forms from ten years ago. She’s still got receipts in here. Rebecca puts a stuffed folder of papers on the pile.
37) 3) dialog: I don’t know.
37) 5) dialog: I’m working on a plan. Beat.
37) 7) dialog: You're doing great. Feed the fire for a while. Martin does so. Rebecca scoots a new file box from one shelf and sits dow with it by the stove. On the side: the box is labeled “REBECCA.”
37) 8) dialog: What’s this? My old clothes? She opens it. Inside: a lone SHOE BOX. Rebecca pulls this out and opens this. She lifts out a set of developed PHOTOGRAPHS. Goes throug them, curious. 83. THE PHOTOS: Birthday cakes, all taken on the dining table upstairs. Sixteen candles. Seventeen. Then eighteen.
37) 9) dialog: She made birthday cakes?
37) 11) dialog: But, I was in San Diego those years. Mom knew that.
37) 13) dialog: She wrote me letters? Rebecca opens one. Unfolds the paper. Martin glances at them, then returns to feeding the fire.
37) 16) dialog: We are going to help mom. I will find a way to get rid of Diana. The fire crackles. Martin nods at his sister, then gets t energy to grab another box from the other side of the sto This one is marked ‘HALLOWEEN.’ As he digs through it, Rebecca puts a protective hand on file box containing her mother’s letters to her.
37) 19) dialog: That's a black light. (beat) But a light’s a light. He hands it to her. She shines it around.
37) 20) dialog: Still got some juice. Rebecca takes a breath, steels her nerves, and advances f another corner of the basement. The black light casts a deep blue hue over all the stored junk in this space. Rebecca moves from the fire. One step at a time. Martin watches, scared and exhausted all at once.
37) 22) dialog: To take inventory. With the glove of the amber fire at her back, and the blu glow in front of her, Rebecca navigates the nest of shelv and boxes. Somewhere in the dark, the sound of scurrying feet. Rebecca tenses. She moves for the next aisle. The black light reveals FOOT PRINTS on the floor-- And occasional HAND PRINTS on other items. Rebecca looks down to see the wan glow of a similar hand print ON HER OWN SHIRT SLEEVE. Like a mark of ownership. Freaked, Rebecca rubs the sleeve to smear the print. In moving her arm with the black light, she reveals -- HANDWRITING on a far wall. Just a faint glimpse of it. Invisible without the black light. Rebecca ventures toward it, past a shelf, holding the lig up to get a closer look... ..+.The wall is covered in Diana’s scrawled writing. Like journal of a prisoner of war. Just a taste of the blanket run-on sentences written over the course of years --
37) 27) dialog: No! Rebecca falls back, still clutching the spade in one hand crashing against another shelf, toppling it-- Scrambling to escape, to find that black light-- Shit, she dropped that-- Scurrying sound again-- Rebecca reaches for the black light-- 87. But then a bare ARM black as an oil slick slams down on h snaring her wrist, in the glow of the black light-- Diana's matted, black hair suddenly sinking close to Rebecca’s face-- And then a weak FLASHLIGHT BEAM lands on Diana’s arm-- And in an inhuman SCREECH, Diana is gone faster than a jumping spider. MARTIN steps close, holding the big flashlight as it sput out again.
37) 30) dialog: I saw her. I got a clear look at her. (holds black light) She doesn’t disappear in this light. She’s real.
37) 32) dialog: So, if I can see her, at least I know where she is. I can keep her from vanishing. (points at flashlight) And with that thing, maybe I can even hurt her. She hefts the gardening spade like a short spear. Heavy footfall overhead. Someone thumping around upstairs Martin and Rebecca both look up. 88.
37) 35) dialog: Mom! ! INT. SOPHIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Sophie is still unconscious on the floor. Unresponsive.
37) 36) dialog: (distant) Mommmm !
38) 0) text: Rebecca and Martin keep CALLING until Martin’s flashlight starts sputtering out again. All that’s left is Rebecca's black light. She pulls her brother close, and they back into a corner. His eyes are wide with fear.
38) 2) dialog: No. We're fighters. She holds onto him. Trying to give him a brave face. But honestly, she doesn’t know what to do next. And then, in the distance: the sound of SIRENS. Rebecca perks up. Suddenly hopeful. 89.
39) 8) dialog: (muffled) Help! The Officers hear that. They go inside.
40) 2) dialog: In here! Officer Form springs into action and kicks the door. It doesn’t give on the first kick, so he goes again--
40) 7) dialog: Keep the light on us! INT. SOPHIE’S BEDROOM - THAT MOMENT Sophie gets up, a trickle of blood marking a path on her from where she was thrown. She sets upon the door to the hall, determined. It’s lodged, somehow. Can’t open. So she starts bashing the door with whatever she can find
43) 2) dialog: Use this. You won’t see her otherwise. Rebecca offers the black light. But Gomez instead moves for the back room where her partn was last seen. Rebecca checks on Martin.
43) 3) dialog: You okay? Martin nods weakly.
43) 4) dialog: We're getting out -- now -- Martin holds onto Rebecca with pleading eyes.
43) 6) dialog: We'll find her too. A cut-off SCREAM from Gomez in the dark. Close by. But th battery-operated smoke detector begins WAILING, drowning all other sound, like a nail-biting soundtrack. Rebecca looks for her and sees a SILHOUETTE approaching f down the hall. The smoke thins, revealing it’s GOMEZ, staggering back... But she’s being held up. Like a puppet. And then she fall Collapsing in a lifeless heap a dozen feet from Rebecca.. 94. But her SILHOUETTE REMAINS standing -- Diana. Diana was h puppeteer, behind Gomez like a physical shadow. Rebecca, wide-eyed with fear, grabs hold of Martin and st crawling away from Diana, holding out the black light -- Diana’s arm moves like a snake striking and KNOCKS the li out of Rebecca’s hand -- And it SMASHES against the wall, the bulb shattering. Rebecca turns and pushes Martin for the door --
43) 7) dialog: Go! And he runs, but she doesn’t get far: Diana GRABS Rebecca by the neck and SHOVES her to the flo Pitch-black clawed HANDS encircle Rebecca’s throat. She can't breathe. Struggling against Diana, fists poundi and legs bucking, but it’s like fighting an onyx statue. Martin returns, in a panic --
43) 13) dialog: Mom -- what are you doing --
43) 17) dialog: No... Martin comes to and sees the aftermath.
43) 19) text: From outside looking in through the bay window, two small figures (Rebecca and Martin) huddle over their dead mothe Their bodies shudder from sudden grief. And then Rebecca raises her head and we see the silent wail of raw pain. 96.
44) 0) text: Later still. Rebecca and Martin sit on the back bumper of parked ambulance. Both of them are wrapped in blankets. They look utterly spent. Bret approaches. A little worse for wear, but with bottle water for them. Rebecca scoots over so he can sit with them. For a beat they simply lean on each other. Then, Rebecca nudges Bret.
44) 1) dialog: I thought it was too much for you, and you ran off. But you came back.
44) 3) dialog: (to Martin) So did I. And I’m here to stay. Martin holds onto his sister. Two PARAMEDICS load Sophie into an ambulance, the body covered in a white sheet. The mood turns sad once more. Especially for Martin, who looks hollowed-out by this loss. His one remaining hope:
44) 5) dialog: She better be. PULLING BACK for one last view of the neighborhood... FADE TO BLACK.
45) 1) dialog: Okay, little man, you got school tomorrow, so let’s get you prepped for the morning.
45) 3) dialog: Well then, show me so I know what “got it” looks like. Martin nods and moves off for the back room. Bret stays with Rebecca. Puts a hand on her.
45) 5) dialog: Will it? INT. REBECCA’S KITCHEN - NIGHT Bret makes a sandwich at the counter. Rebecca joins him. She’s now dressed down in sweats, her tied behind her. Somewhere from the living room, the soft sounds of the TV
45) 6) dialog: He likes the triangle cut.
45) 8) dialog: And the crust is okay.
45) 10) dialog: What if--
45) 12) dialog: (beat) Hey. Emma smiles. Hands her the envelope.
45) 13) dialog: Did they...?
45) 15) dialog: Thank you so much.
45) 19) dialog: We're a family! Martin smiles.
45) 22) dialog: Not so fast, school boy.
45) 24) dialog: C'mon, time for bed. EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT Later. The neon sign winks by their bedroom window... But interior lights now extinguish. It’s bedtime. INT. REBECCA’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Later. The middle of the night. A lone night light shines in this room, illuminating the bed where Martin sleeps... Except he’s not asleep. He’s sitting up. And his eyes are SQUINTING at the brightness of the night light. He holds up his pale arm to protect him from it. Martin then crawls to the coffee table against the edge o the bed and places something on it. As a gift. An offerin It’s his mother’s HAIRBRUSH. INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Rebecca and Bret sleep together in her bed. This room has been redone as well. Not to the point Rebec has lost her personality, just... matured a step. And also, some of Bret’s stuff is here. Including an elec guitar in the corner and a cloth-covered rig that looks l it might be a homemade amplifier. Night lights illuminate this room, too. There’s at least in every room, actually. The digital clock flickers at 1:57am. Precisely that time And then-- 101. Power cuts out. The whole place goes dark. CLOSING IN on Rebecca, asleep. Pressing closer. Closer. A faint SCRATCHING sound creeps in. Enough to wake her. She blinks. Looks around. And fear sets in. The scratching continues. Rebecca looks toward the door-- Drenched in darkness. But in that dark... is... is that a hunched-over FIGURE? Rebecca is almost afraid to speak at it. But then--
45) 25) dialog: Martin? The SCRATCHING stops suddenly. Rebecca nudges Bret by her side. Bret stirs. Sits up.
45) 27) dialog: (sotto) Emergency plan. This wakes him up in a heartbeat. He reaches for the shel his side of the bed-- --and the silhouette of AN ARM from under the bed CATCHES in its grasp INCHES before Bret can grab a FLASHLIGHT--
45) 29) dialog: Bret! Bret is unresponsive. But there’s no sign of Diana now. Scurrying from the living room. It draws her attention. Rebecca opens a nightstand drawer on her side and reaches Inside: one item. A FUCKING MACHETE. With knife in one hand and sparking flare in the other, Rebecca ventures for the living room.
45) 30) dialog: Martin? Sound off!
45) 34) dialog: Martin. What are you saying.
45) 36) dialog: “Protect” you... from what? A hoarse WHISPER from underneath Martin’s sofa-bed, which Martin seems to hear clear as day.
45) 38) dialog: Martin, look at me. You don’t need this. You don’t need her!
45) 39) dialog: She can talk to mom-- That's a lie--
45) 41) dialog: There’s a better way. She’s not real, you hear me? And we can’t let her become real. Listen-- Something scurries in the kitchen. Rebecca whirls around with the flare, trying to see in. No sign. Of anything. Shadows thrown left and right. DIANA’S VOICE (0.S.) Becksss... From one corner. Then, a slightly different intonation: DIANA’S VOICE (0.S.) (CONT'D) (lower pitch) Becksss... From somewhere else. Playing with Rebecca.
45) 43) dialog: Bret? She starts back for her bedroom but stops-- her flare is only light source here. If she leaves, Martin is back in total darkness again. Rebecca goes to Martin and hands him the flare.
45) 44) dialog: Here. Hold onto this at the base. Okay? I’1l be right back.
45) 46) dialog: Bret? In the weak, bluish light, she finds Bret’s body still pa out at the foot of the dresser. It wasn’t Bret. Diana’s silhouette STRIKES from behind-- And Rebecca FALLS HARD, hair already matted with her own blood. The machete skitters off to the corner by the guitar. Rebecca tries to get up-- But Diana’s silhouette STRIKES her again and Rebecca’s ea gets a nasty gash. Rebecca crawls for the part of the room where the machete lies, tauntingly close... TIGHT ON REBECCA’S BLOODY FACE. A heavy weight descends on her. Pinning her. It hurts. 105. HER HAND struggles to reach for the direction of the mach by the power supply to the homemade amp. DIANA’S HAIR drifts down by Rebecca’s face. She reaches again. The knife is a good foot away. DIANA’S VOICE I just want to be your friend...
45) 47) dialog: (disgusted) You're dead. Her hand touches the power supply. AND NOW WE SEE THE LABEL on the thing. It’s a BATTERY PAC With an old-school radio SWITCH. Diana digs into Rebecca’s flesh, whispering: DIANA’S VOICE You can't run away this time. Rebecca turns onto her back, to face Diana--
45) 48) dialog: Neither can you, bitch. And she flips the switch. It’s not an amplifier. It’s a LIGHTING RIG. VRRRRM -- first a set of heavy-duty BLACK LIGHTS clack on And Diana is EXPOSED as the demonic-looking woman atop Rebecca in the darkened bedroom. Her wicked grin vanishes when she looks up at the rig-- Just in time to see the second set of lights power on-- BRIGHT FLOODLIGHTS like a set of high-beams. DIANA SCREAMS in agony-- From a LOW ANGLE BEHIND HER, the silhouette now made fles the black light is TURNED TO ASH by the flood lights. She DISSOLVES and blows away like powder in a stiff breez Rebecca takes a breath. Two. Props up on her elbows. Looks around. 106. Bret MOANS and begins to wake. Then, the power returns. LIGHTS flicker back on. And Rebecca remains drenched in the hard light of the cus lighting rig -- obviously part of the Emergency Plan. She's bloodied from the fight. But she ignores it for now
45) 49) dialog: Martin? Martin steps in from the hall. Squints at the light.
45) 51) dialog: Yeah. Martin rushes to her. Rebecca sits up to hug him. Still in the embrace, he asks a follow-up:
45) 53) dialog: I think so. (then) And if not, we’ll be stronger next time. You know why? Martin stares at one of the posters still on the bedroom wall: One depicting a fearsome WARRIOR in some fantasy setting, battling goblins with a torch and sword.
45) 55) dialog: That’s right. HARD SLAM TO BLACK. THE END.