7) 0) text: Grinning like a girl in love, Rebecca saunters back into room and crosses the fireplace, leaning down to turn up t music in here. SLOWLY PUSHING IN on a photo gathering dust on the mantle A much younger Sophie, and a 12-year-old REBECCA together Snapped in mid-laugh, Sophie surprised by her daughter. No sign of Paul or Martin here.
8) 2) dialog: I just don’t know what to do about it. And I’m sorry. I really am.
8) 4) dialog: Yes, Martin?
8) 6) dialog: I will be. Just not there yet. Did we wake you? Martin tenses at that pluralization.
8) 8) dialog: Go back to bed, sweetie. Only ones wandering the halls at this hour should be grown-ups. Sophie stares tiredly at her son. Gives him a slight nod “Go on, now.” Martin turns around, takes two steps back for his room...
8) 9) dialog: (sotto) I know. But he means well. Martin looks back, over his shoulder. Sophie’s returned to looking into the closet... Where a SHADOW SLIDES along the door -- could it be cast Sophie herself? -- And then some floorboard CREAKS inside the closet. Martin’s breath catches. His nostrils flare. He hurries back down the hall, for his door-- INT. MARTIN’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS --rushing in and shutting the door behind him. Locking it Climbing into bed. Tense, expectant, he stares at his door. Beat. Nothing happens. Martin begins to calm down. CLICK. The hall light goes out. Martin holds his breath. From down the hall: the SOUND of bare feet thumping on th hardwood floor, with the added CLICKING of long nails. Right up to Martin’s bedroom door. Martin grips his blanket like a Spartan’s shield. A tense beat. Quiet.
8) 11) dialog: You want a kiss goodnight? Martin’s reply is swift and loud:
13) 3) dialog: Becca? Is that you? Rebecca stands up and approaches Sophie.
13) 5) dialog: Still in mourning?
13) 7) dialog: It’s good to see you. It takes a moment for Rebecca to hug back. Didn’t expect
13) 9) dialog: What are you doing home, little mister?
14) 3) dialog: Who can blame him. Paul was everything to us. (corrects) Nearly everything.
14) 5) dialog: I’m not going to talk about my problems to some stranger. I’ve been through this before. You were there when Vic left me, you remember.
14) 8) dialog: Excuse me? INT. MARTIN’S ROOM Martin gets a gym bag from his closet and begins to stuff various articles of clothing from his chest of drawers. The raised voices of Sophie and Rebecca can be heard thro the walls and down the hall as Martin packs.
14) 9) dialog: --and once again, I am here by myself, trying to do it all on my own without any help--
14) 11) dialog: Listen here, Rebecca Ann-- 25.
15) 2) dialog: You’re not my doctor, you’re my daughter, why can’t you just be on my side for once-- Martin emerges with his toothbrush in one hand. He heads back for the living room, glancing into-- A HOME OFFICE, its door halfway open. Martin stops. Curious. This is a room that is typically closed to him. Down the hall, the fight continues.
15) 4) dialog: Are you seriously accusing me of being a bad mother? You of all people?
15) 6) dialog: Excuse me for being upset that I have to raise him without his father. Look how you turned out. This cuts Rebecca deep. If she lets it fester, she’ll sta crying. Instead, she hardens up. 26.
15) 9) dialog: Martin. Honey. Come on now. Rebecca is now empowered again. Authoritative.
15) 11) dialog: You two planned this! Didn’t you!
15) 18) dialog: You're just like your father! Already in the SUV, Rebecca turns her full anger toward h mother and starts cursing her, while Bret races to shut t passenger automatic window. It seals up at the last word-
16) 0) text: A bonfire crackles. A bonfire made of clothes, CDs, and other personal effect SOPHIE (younger, exhausted) stands at the fire with a box her feet. She wears a bath robe that she’s been living in the past week, judging by its condition. Next to her, a 10-year-old REBECCA. Big eyes. And scared way children get when a pillar of their life changes.
16) 2) dialog: Not anymore. He abandoned it all when he ran off with that little harlot from work. Sophie pulls another shirt out of the box. Holds it in fr of her daughter.
16) 3) dialog: Smell this. You know what that is? (Rebecca sniffs) Dior. “Dune.” Your mother doesn’t wear Dior. Sophie tosses the shirt onto the fire. The flames consume hungrily, flaring up. 31.
16) 5) dialog: Transformation. Sophie reaches into her robe’s pocket and pulls out a prescription pill bottle. Holds it up... ...and tosses it into the fire with the clothes. Mental alarm bells go off in Rebecca’s head.
16) 7) dialog: That’s the old me. They were supposed to help me keep my life together. Look what happened. (a breath) Time to let the world know I’m ready for something new. She dumps the last of the box into the fire. It ROARS up.
16) 8) dialog: You hear me? Bring me someone who won’t run away! From one angle, with Sophie in silhouette against the roa bonfire, her head raised to the sky, the scene could be mistaken as something much more... ritualistic. EXT. REBECCA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT Dead of night. It’s raining. INT. REBECCA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Rebecca sleeps, spooning a set of covers partly turned ba She's made visible in four-second intervals by the bright neon light from the sign outside her window. A faint SCRATCHING SOUND somewhere in the room causes her stir in her sleep. She wakes. And she finds she’s alone in the bed. Rebecca sits up. Blinks. Looks around. 32.
19) 0) text: Paul’s working space. Oak desk, home computer, filing cabinets. A small treadmill in the corner. That’s not the strange part. The weirdness is the fact that the framed photos have bee taken down. Paul’s diploma, his choice of landscape art.. Even the filing cabinets are partly gutted. Rebecca notices a corner of the room: A weird MAKESHIFT BED built from pillows and a quilt is tucked back behind one side of the desk, where the desk l has been unplugged, and the cord CHEWED OFF. Something new hangs on the wall here. It’s not the same dimensions as what used to hang on the hook; the paint on wall is discolored in a different shape. Rebecca leans in to look at the new framed photo: A black-and-white snapshot, at least thirty years old. Ev the frame suggests 1980s. It’s at a hospital, outside on the grounds. Slightly off center of the pic stands a WOMAN with her back to us, hea partly turned to look our way. The shade of a wild-shaped tree hides her face from us. 42. Rebecca looks around. Feeling like she’s being watched. Carefully, she takes the framed photo down from the wall. And slides the photograph out from under the glass. On the other side of the photo, some handwritten info in faded pen: “Diana / Mulberry Hill Rehab Hospital (1986)” Rebecca stares at the photo again with renewed tension. A the figure under that crooked tree could come to life. EXT. STREET OUTSIDE SOPHIE’S HOUSE - DAY Rebecca stands at the curb, still clutching the photo. Bret pulls up in his SUV and gets out. Approaches her.
24) 0) text: From the home office, Sophie emerges, holding a small ham She approaches, happy to see him.
24) 1) dialog: Welcome home. How was school? Martin regards her cautiously.
24) 3) dialog: Just fixing up around the house. How did it go at your sister's?
24) 5) dialog: Well, I am feeling better. Listen, I've been a little... distant lately. And I want to fix that. How about pizza and a movie tonight? Martin brightens. Is old mom coming back?
24) 7) dialog: Good. Some personal time is just what we need. Just the three of us. She moves past Martin for the stairs... 48. And at the other end of the hall, a SHADOW extends from t home office at the doorway. Someone standing just inside room, out of view. DIANA. Martin’s body seizes with tension. He keeps his eyes on t silhouette, but reaches over for a wall switch... And turns on the hall light. Diana is gone the instant the light comes on. An appariti Martin takes a tense breath.
24) 9) dialog: Yes?
24) 11) dialog: We'll see. (then) She isn’t that bad, you know.
25) 24) dialog: How are you doing over there?
25) 26) dialog: I’m gonna be fine. I am. They watch TV some more. Then:
25) 27) dialog: I miss your father. He was strong for me. He protected me. I think I need to feel that, sometimes. And I know you need that, too. Martin’s expression suggests he clearly does. Yet:
25) 29) dialog: She tries to look the part, all that makeup and loud music. But when it got tough she abandoned me. Don’t let her do the same to you.
25) 31) dialog: You know what, you’re right. (gets up) Be right back. Sophie crosses, leaving Martin on the couch. Martin grabs the remote and PAUSES the TV. The lights go OUT.
25) 33) dialog: It’s okay. It’s all right. 54. Martin goes from zero to sheer panic:
25) 35) dialog: Look at me. Trust me. With her position between Martin and the TV, Sophie casts LONG, INK-DARK SHADOW over him that extends to the edge o the room.
25) 37) dialog: A long time ago, I was friends with Diana. She was different. Special. From that shadow, SOMETHING MOVES. Sophie talks in a crazed reverence, one part nostalgia, o part Stockholm Syndrome.
25) 38) dialog: After I left the hospital, I thought something... tragic happened to Diana. But the newspapers got it wrong, she was still here, and she finally visited me when I had a clear head again. Martin tries to look back, not sure if he wants to-- As the shadow EXTENDS, as if moving on its own-- No, not extending... GETTING CLOSER.
25) 40) dialog: Took me another ten years to realize why she left. It was the i It blocked her out, left her all alone. And you know what? She's tired of being alone.
25) 41) text: Martin struggles, but Sophie remains firm. DIANA’S SHADOW now looms over him... A clawed HAND touchi his hair... 55.
25) 42) dialog: I have been a terrible friend to her, but now she’s going to stay. Long as I keep my head clear... and you keep the lights out. MARTIN'S HAND digs into the seat cushion, searching-- Just as JET BLACK HAIR descends by Martin's face, like th shadow is starting to LEAN OVER AT HIM-- MARTIN'S HAND finds its target and lifts out a small, aluminum FLASHLIGHT-- Which he flicks on straight up, under-lighting his face--
25) 45) dialog: Martin, what did you do?! Martin races to the wall switch and turns on the lights. Sophie blinks at the sudden light. Like an alcoholic step out from a dive bar in the morning.
25) 46) dialog: Don’t make this harder than it has to be, please -- But Martin is too terrified to talk to her now. He runs t the front door, swings it open, and flees outside. INT. BRET’S SUV - NIGHT Bret drives. Rebecca rides shotgun. She places earbuds in ears. The thin cord snakes down to the microcassette play Bret glances over at her. Does a double take. 56.
25) 52) dialog: Yes she is. She may be my only friend in here. TIGHTER ON REBECCA as we can make out --
25) 53) dialog: That’s all she wants -- When Bret’s HAND enters frame, touching Rebecca:
25) 89) dialog: What are you talking about? Martin and Rebecca glance at each other: What's she doing Bret takes a bite from a corner-store snack. Trying to fi out how to be supportive at a time like this.
25) 91) dialog: Yes, she’s my friend... And she wants to be yours, too. Rebecca puts the PHOTO onto the table. The one she took f Sophie’s office.
25) 93) dialog: Where did you get this?
25) 95) dialog: Answer mine!
25) 97) dialog: What does it matter when we met? 62.
25) 99) dialog: That's a lie. Listen to yourself--
25) 101) dialog: What is this about? You trying to take my son away again, is that it? With your made-up stories-- Bret attempts to intervene--
25) 104) dialog: Like those can’t be faked, listen to yourself, you sound crazy--
25) 108) dialog: I am so sorry. All this time I was worried about the wrong thing. (MORE )
25) 110) dialog: (a breath) You’re not here to take Martin. You aren’t coming back into our lives. You're here to feel better about leaving me. Do you know how I felt, not hearing from you or seeing you like family should? You know how that hurt me? Well, turns out I’ve been shutting out Diana the same way, all this time, and I won't be that kind of person to a friend.
25) 113) dialog: Sweetie... Ghosts aren’t real. Sophie turns and walks out, up the stairs. Martin stares at the pills on the table. Scared.
27) 0) text: Rebecca walks past the door to the home office She checks the door out of curiosity. Locked. Rebecca frowns. Moves on. INT. SOPHIE’S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER Bret fluffs an old pillow on the fold-out sofa do with blankets from the downstairs closet. Rebecca arrives and admires Bret for a moment.
28) 0) text: Rebecca returns to Martin’s room, but then continues to t end of the hall, to the master bedroom door. Sophie’s doo It’s shut. Rebecca gets close. Listens. Knocks.
28) 2) dialog: You're staying?
28) 4) dialog: Good. (then) I'd like to maybe start over, in the morning. Would... would you grant me that? Beat. Rebecca is cautious. But hopeful.
28) 6) dialog: Shake on it. She opens the door further to reach out her hand. The interior of the bedroom is PITCH DARK. Rebecca shakes hands with her mother. 68. As she does, she frowns; something is amiss, but we don’t know what she’s reacting to. They pull away.
28) 8) dialog: Goodnight, Becks. The pajama top Sophie wears starts to PULL as if someone tugging it from behind, coaxing her back in. Rebecca doesn’t see it. She’s distracted... As she gets to Martin’s bedroom, she looks down. IN HER HAND is a slip of paper, handed to her by Sophie. She unfolds it to read: “I NEED HELP.” Written hastily. Rebecca looks back down the hall. Worried. Because she’s starting to think of mom not as an opponent but as a victim. 69.
35) 0) text: Sophie opens her door, emerging from the master bedroom a the white noise of an air purifier.
35) 1) dialog: Rebecca? Hello? Sophie sees Martin’s door open. Steps to the threshold... No one’s there. Sophie tries the light switch-- nothing. She tenses.
35) 2) dialog: Martin? Distant noises from deep within the house, below: The sou of Rebecca and Martin scavenging in the basement.
35) 3) dialog: Diana, where are you? A creak from the bedroom, and Sophie sees her-- the famil SILHOUETTE standing inside the master bedroom door. She's taller than ever, now. Like she’s getting bigger. Sophie is scared, but finds her anger and approaches, challenging the shadow:
35) 4) dialog: I told you not to bother my kids. Diana steps aside as Sophie gets close, vanishing behind door so that when Sophie enters, she shuts the door to confront Diana but-- No one’s there.
35) 5) dialog: Diana? We're not through, here. (then) Don’t make me punish you! THE BEDROOM DOORKNOB LOCKS by itself... Then-- 80. Diana GRABS Sophie from behind and THROWS her against a w --where Sophie CRASHES into a bureau and collapses to the floor, unconscious.
39) 0) text: An LAPD squad car comes tearing down the street. As it approaches, half a block before Sophie’s house, the siren are shut off, and it runs only with the lights. Tailing the squad car: Bret’s SUV. The cops pull to the curb outside Sophie’s house. Bret’s SUV skids to a halt, nearly rear-ending the squad Bret climbs out, leaving his headlights on. He still looks bloody, his shirt stained with it. Someone attempted to bandage his neck but it’s clear he left befo they could finish the job. Now that he’s back, Bret doesn’t take his eyes off the ho Two LAPD OFFICERS get out of the squad car. One male, one female. Both cool, calm, and collected. The male is OFFICER FORM; 30s, tall, African-American. The female is OFFICER GOMEZ; early 30s, muscular, two str on her uniform indicate she’s the senior officer. Bret’s already pointing and talking--
40) 8) dialog: Diana! You hurt my children and we are never speaking again! WHANG! She starts to dislodge the doorknob. WHANG! Again, weakening the door. 92.
43) 9) dialog: I told you. SOPHIE stands in the room, pointing one of the Officer's handguns at Diana. Gone is the manic woman we knew. Stand here, legs slightly apart, is a woman of pure determinati
43) 10) dialog: You don’t hurt my kids. DIANA’S VOICE They won't let me be your friend. Sophie FIRES -- But we know the result: Diana BLINKS out of existence for that moment of muzzle-blast -- 95. Rebecca SUCKS IN A BREATH for a second before Diana RETUR and immediately clamps down on her neck. DIANA’S VOICE (CONT’D) That won't hurt me... And then Sophie puts the gun to her own head.
43) 12) dialog: This will. (then) My daughter was right. I let you in. I let you stay. You are here because of me. This gets Diana’s attention. Her chokehold on Rebecca eas up, just enough for Rebecca to croak out the words --
43) 14) dialog: A tear streaks down her cheek, but she says with convicti
43) 15) dialog: Saving your lives.
45) 0) text: A slow pan around the place -- it looks remarkably differ from the last time we saw it. Gone are the heavy metal posters, save for one that shows ascension of a Valkyrie to Asgard. The place is cleaned up. Reorganized. Some new furniture. some adopted from Sophie’s house. The three tired mourners settle in for the night as they in from the front stoop. 98.