7) 9) dialog: Such rot, sir. Why, you’re the very model of sanity. BATHAN HOME VIDEO "Masks" / Final Draft 12/21/92 10. ALFRED (CONT’D) (beat; deadpan) Oh, by the way, I’ve pressed your tights and put away your exploding gas balls. WIDEN TO INCLUDE BRUCE WAYNE, bent over his lab table, st the charred remains of the gas canister.
7) 11) text: Alfred leans over Bruce’s shoulder and raises an eyebrow canister.
7) 12) dialog: Might one inquire what this lise}
7) 15) dialog: (humoring him) Of course. He EXITS SHOT as Bruce continues to stare at the puzzle.
16) 129) dialog: -I read about your anonymous exploits this morning and I must say...
17) 0) text: Alfred is holding a newspaper as Bruce is practicing juji in his kimono togs. He has a bandage on his forehead and facial scratches. BATMAN HOME VIDEO "Masks" / Final Draft 12/21/92 31. ALFRED (CONT’D) ...are you sure you won’t reconsider rugby?
17) 3) dialog: Pardon, Master Bruce, but we may want to postpone the "shop talk" as it were. I believe you have a visitor. ( And as Alfred moves away, Bruce cranes his neck to see, a to do on one foot with arms extended. BRUCE’S POV - ANDREA Andrea is heading their way.
18) 0) text: The adult Bruce back at his fireplace in the den. Just th hears the door OPEN along with distant off-key PLUNKS of Alfred steps IN.
18) 1) dialog: Pardon, sir, but Miss Bambi is dancing on the piano.
28) 28) dialog: (gently) Plans change, Master Bruce. Bruce shakes his head in confusion.
28) 30) dialog: If I may make so bold, sir -- I’d say quite the reverse. DISSOLVE To: EXT. CARL BEAUMONT’S OFFICE BUILDING ~- ESTABLISHING - DA (FLASHBACK CONTINUES)
28) 119) dialog: Miss Beaumont would be glad to know you feel that way, Master Bruce.
28) 120) text: Bruce turns to regard Alfred incredulously as the butler the telephone extension on an endtable (its pick-up butto FLASHING -- Andrea’s call is on hold). ALFRED (CONT’D) She’s holding on line one, sir. Alfred holds out the phone to him. Bruce leaps up, recoil if the butler were holding out a handful of snakes.
28) 122) dialog: He looks on as Bruce, wearing a troubled expression, move him,
28) 123) dialog: What shall I say?
33) 3) dialog: Sir?
33) 6) dialog: In the weapons area. He is polishing the fencing foils wi oilcloth. He looks up, cocking an eyebrow in keen interes BATMAN (0.S. CONT’D) They were partners in dummy corporations set up over ten years ago.
33) 7) text: As Alfred steps toward him. During the following, the scr shows a database with a highlight moving down a list of n HOLD on the name VALESTRA, SALVATORE. BATMAN (CONT’D) The third director was one Salvatore Valestra. The name gives him pause. In his expression we see a flic recognition. ‘NEW ANGLE - BATMAN, ALFRED Batman rises, turns to go. ANGLE ADJUSTS to include the Batmobile, waiting on its turntable. BATMAN (CONT’D) (rising) Sal’s having company tonight. Don’t wait up. Batman strides toward the Batmobile, and Alfred -- still foil in hand -- steps back into the weapons area.
33) 9) dialog: (hopeful) Meaning, I trust, that once you’re done with him, you/11 be seeing her?
33) 13) dialog: (grumbling) I diapered your bottom, I bloody well ought to. Sir.
33) 17) dialog: disappointedly watches it go.
35) 1) text: The home of the obviously well-to-do Beaumonts. The Wayne pulls into the long driveway and makes its way up to the drive before the front door. As the limo pulis up, we SEE there are already two cars out front. INT. BRUCE WAYNE’S LIMO - CONTINUOUS - MOVING Andrea and Bruce sit behind the liveried Alfred. Andrea n something 0.S., reacts with puzzlement.
39) 0) text: down the drive as Alfred pulls away. TIGHTEN ON BRUCE, st back hostilely at
40) 2) text: It’s another cave, all right. Could be as big as the house... BRUCE’S POV - ALFRED’S FEET standing at the edge of the pit. START on them, then TILT simulating Bruce’s rising POV, up to Alfred’s face. His b furrowed; the expression clearly one of sadness and disma his hand he holds a small package wrapped in brown paper. BRUCE (V.0O. CONT’D) +.-judging from the number of bats that came out of it. (beat; off Alfred’s expression) Alfred, what’s wrong?
40) 4) dialog: (subdued) This just arrived, sir.
42) 0) text: The CAMERA continues PANNING down stalactites, dripping l tears, as if this were all ONE SHOT. END PAN on the bat c draped over a dressmaker’s form in the foreground. Alfred IN to pick it up, and ANGLE ADJUSTS as he turns to hold i Bruce, who stands in the shadows wearing the rest of the He takes the cowl.
42) 2) dialog: (barely a whisper) My God... His master solemnly moves past him. He is now someone els creature dark and terrible"...
50) 1) dialog: There are certain advantages to having a sturdy cranium, Master Bruce... INT. MANSION - BRUCE’S BEDROOM Bruce is sitting on the edge of the bed, shirt off, his l still clad in gray tights. There could be a few small ban his torso in addition to the skull wrapping around his he Andrea sits on the bed beside him, and Alfred stands near ALFRED (CONT’D) But, then, hard-headedness was always your virtue. She puts a hand on his arm. Alfred notices this.
50) 3) dialog: Well. I’m sure I have things to do elsewhere... He EXITS SHOT discretely.
54) 8) text: Alfred walks in with a tea tray, sees them, turns without a beat and walks out again. They don’t even notice.
56) 6) dialog: It’s so good to see you and Miss Beaumont together again. (beat) Might one ask what this bodes for your alter ego?
56) 9) dialog: You still love each other. That much, at least, has not changed. He follows Bruce inside.
57) 2) text: including Alfred, who is very happy indeed to hear this.
57) 3) dialog: (softly) I’m sure they would have wanted you to be happy, sir. BATMAN HOHE VIDEO "Masks" / Final Draft 12/21/92 99.
57) 5) dialog: Is something wrong?
78) 3) dialog: (gently) I don’t think she wanted to be saved, sir. BATHAN HOHE VIDEO "Masks" / Final Draft 12/21/92 128.
78) 8) text: He stands, walks forward. -Alfred watches him, puzzled.
78) 9) dialog: What is it, Master Bruce?