2) 24) dialog: Your angel of death awaits.
2) 31) text: Phantasm comes nose-to-nose with Chuckie.
2) 32) dialog: I want you, Chuckie-boy. And with a mighty heave he throws Chuckie 0.S.
2) 36) dialog: stepping toward Chuckie again. Just then he hears the sou WHEELS SQUEALING. He turns toward the noise.
2) 38) dialog: who steps back into the shadows as a car comes turning ar corner, heading downstairs to the exit. As soon as it pas Phantasm steps forward again and suddenly sees...
4) 1) dialog: who stops in the center of the parking lot as the lights Chuckie’s car bear down. With a wave of his arms Phantasm completely envelops himself in mist once again.
4) 2) text: a split second later Chuckie plows right through the mist Phantasm entirely.
8) 0) text: At first the clouds are such that we might think we’re lo Phantasm’s smoky mist. But just when we suspect he might a wide-body plane BURSTS through.
19) 11) dialog: Buzz... He looks around. PHANTASM (V.O. CONT’D) Buzz Bronski.
19) 13) text: Just then Phantasm’s death’s head emerges from behind a g
19) 15) dialog: Your angel of death awaits. The head moves forward as if floating on the mist.
19) 19) dialog: who backs into the mist as Buzz slices the fork through t It connects with nothing. Suddenly from behind he hears..
19) 20) dialog: Time to pay for your sins, Mr. Bronski... Bronski turns to see Phantasm behind him. Again he swings Phantasm is too quick, ducking back into the mist.
19) 21) dialog: Over here...
19) 22) dialog: Backing up, leaving a trail of mist in his wake. Buzz cha forward, ready to throw the fork like a javelin.
19) 28) dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Bronski. And he steps back 0.S.
42) 9) dialog: Watching cautiously from a nearby vantage point. He melts into the mist around hin.
46) 0) text: Phantasm’s death-head rises out of the mist. ANGLE WIDENS Phantasm moving silently across rooftops, his mist follow him like a long gaseous cape. He pauses as he spots Sal Valestra’s townhouse on the other side of the street. ANGLE ON VALESTRA’S WINDOW Phantasm leaps onto the windowsill and starts to PRY the open. His mist swirls around him, and when it clears we s Phantasm is gone and the window is open. BATMAN HOME VIDEO "Masks" / Final Draft 12/21/92 84. INT. VALESTRA’S TOWNHOUSE - CONTINUING Phantasm makes his way cautiously through the halls, awar distant LAUGHTER gradually growing louder.
46) 4) dialog: Warily looking at the corpse and device. JOKER (V.O. CONT’D) And soon his name will be all over town. To say nothing...
47) 0) text: Phantasm suddenly bolts through the den door and dashes d hallway, headed for the window. JOKER (V.O. CONT’D) Of his legs, and feet and head and... i
48) 0) text: Phantasm dives through the window (SX: BREAKING GLASS) ju the top floor of Valestra’s townhouse EXPLODES.
49) 3) dialog: as he stops in the middle of the roof to get his bearings Already SIRENS are heard in the b.g. As Phantasm looks ar suddenly sees... OVER PHANTASM’S SHOULDER - BATMAN In the distance atop an adjacent building. Phantasm heads
49) 8) dialog: He activates his mist screen and PUNCHES Batman, causing Knight to drop hin.
49) 10) text: Phantasm quickly vanishes back into his mist as the helic thunders overhead. A spotlight stabs down, picking out Ba
73) 4) text: The darkness before the Joker seems to solidify into a co thick black smoke. Phantasm steps from the smoke, glaring Joker like Hell made flesh.
73) 5) dialog: Jack Napier -- your angel of aeath awaits.
73) 8) dialog: She hesitates a beat, then pulls the mask off.
73) 34) text: Hazel the robot suddenly begins LAUGHING, jerking her arm spasmodically. Phantasm whips about in anticipation of an