0) 0) text: A mountain fortress in the Carpathian Alps overlooking the Arges River. A serpentine read ie lined with impaled corpses. Dracula thunders by in the f.g.
1) 0) text: PRAYING MONKS fall back as Prince Dracula dismounts racin into the chapel. A final grotesque VICTIM hangs impaled by tha door.
2) 0) text: Her regal lifeless body twisted and bent beneath a great stone Dragon arch before a shrine of the crucifixion. Note: reference golden coin ritual per FFC PRINCE DRACULA crumbles prostrate over her, The Warrior i him fails, kissing, caressing, willing har back to life. CHESARE, an alder Monk, tries to confort hia.
2) 5) dialog: I Dracula, Voivode of Transylvania turn my back on God! And all you hypocrites who feed off him! If my beloved burns in hell--so shall It-=-I will arise from ny own death to avenge hers with all the powers of darkness! He rakes the communion goblet through the bloody -holy water~~raising it high--
2) 7) dialog: "The blood is the life." And it shall be mine. Cradling Elizabeth, he drinks the rush of fresh life.
9) 1) dialog: “MY FRIEND, Welcome to the Carpathians. I trust your ourney from London has been a appy one and that you will enjoy your stay in my beautiful land... I am anxiously expecting you. At the Borgo Pass, wy carriage will await you and will bring you to me. Your friend, Dracula."
10) 0) text: Harker folds the letter from Dracula into his journal. 2 GYPSY PEASANT WOMEN and a RUSSIAN MERCHANT sit opposite him, staring. Harker stares back.
20) 2) dialog: Welcome to ny house, Mr. Harker! I am Sracula~- (laughing full) Enter freely of your own will-- and leave some of the happiness you bring. The Count carries his luggage with astounding vitality. Harker enters "freely." The door closes with a boon.
21) 0) text: A brightly lit room. Byzantine treasures abound. Tapestries hang, centuries old; but all in pristine condition! A ruin of a battlement protrudes in the center of the mosaic floor surrounded by a scaffolding; a phalli remnant. The Castle is in transition. Crated artworks and sculptures stand everywhere. Dracula reads a letter by the massive walk-in fireplace t warms the room. He watches Harker devour a sumptuous meal
21) 2) dialog: You will excuse me that I do not join you, but I have dined already, and I do not sup. Feminine laughter échoes, startling Harker, Dracula doesn't react. Harker looks quickly about.
21) 4) dialog: "Oo quam misericors est Deus, Justus et pius. Societas Draconis” Dracula is suddenly beside Harker, startling him. With a mocking smile, he pours more wine into Harker's golden chalice. Dracula's skin is shockingly pallid. His flashin blue eyes burn into Harker to the point of discomfort~- 4/16/31 15. 31
21) 5) dialog: referring to the tapest. The orage of the Dragon. Pestry) ancient society pledging ny forefathers to defend the church against all enemies of Christ. (mirthful smile) The relationship was not entirely «..Buccessful... Dracula laughs like a child carried away with his own fir joke. Harker laughs uneasy, trying to be polite.
21) 6) dialog: It is no laughing matter! We Draculas have a right to be proud! His (the painting) glory is my glory! Is it a wonder we are a conquering race!? What devil or witch was ever so great as Attila, whose blood flows in these veins! As he speaks, he draws a curved Turkish sword from a rack slashing it about--sending Harker backpedaling. Dracula sags, drained-~saddened~-facing the painting...of himself
21) 7) dialog: Blood is too precious a thing in these times. The warlike days are over. The glories of ny great race is but a tale to he old...I am the last of my kind.
21) 9) dialog: Forgive me, my young friend. 1 am not accustomed to...guests. And I am weary with many years of mourning over the dead. But soon my exile will be over. In you my new life in London will begin. He bows in apology. Harker bows in return, unnerved.
22) 2) dialog: Your employer, Hawkins, writes you are a man of good...taste. (anjoying private joke) He says you are a "worthy substitute” to your predecessor, Mr. Renfield...
22) 4) dialog: I lang to go through the crowded streets of your mighty London, to be in the midst of the whirl and rush of humanity...to share its life, its changes...its death... Here I am “boyar"; I am master. But in London, I am stranger. And a stranger in a strange land--he is no one. Harker admires the impressive array of English magazines, newspapers, Whitaker's Almanac--He turns the Atlas to Dracula--doing his sales job-- HARKER . I see from your volumes you will not be a stranger. Look, Sir, Carfax is here in Purfleat=—just west of London. My home is in Exeter, Dracula's Atlas has already been marked with red circles every location he mentioned. Purfleet, Exeter, Hillinghan the docks at London, the 10 pro erties, including a foundry~-Harker hesitates, puzzled. a 4/16/91 17.
22) 6) dialog: | (passionate whisper) Very wise, my young friend. Do you believe in destiny? REVEAL: THE PHOTOPLATE - MINA ~ Her secret smile reaching across the centuries to Dracula. DRACULA (contd.) +~that aven the powers of tine can be altered for a single purpose-~ Dracula rubs his palm over Mina's likenesa mating with he aura. He turns away hiding his orgasmic reaction.
22) 7) dialog: The luckiest man who walks on this earth is one who finds-~ ~~-true love, Dracula shows Mina's photo to Harker.
22) 9) dialog: She will no doubt make a devoted wife. And you a "faithful" husband. A RUSTLE of feminine garments blurs behind Harker. He looks. Nothing. Maddening. Dracula doesn't react.
22) 11) dialog: +.-Once...a long time ago. There has been no other like her... He returns the photoplate. 4/16/91 18. 32
22) 12) dialog: Write now, my friend, to our friend, Peter Hawkins, and to any other, and say, if it will please you, that you shall stay with me, until a month from now. Dracula abruptly exits, leaving Harker alone. Harker surveys the opulence. He leans back propping his feet on the massive desk, imagining it's all his...and begins to write.
23) 3) dialog: (charming, witty) The hour is late, my servants are all retired. My apologies for the lack of indoor plumbing (approaching) Take care how you cut yourself-- It is more dangerous than you think. 4/16/91 19. With blurring speed, he wipes blood from a razor cut on Harker's jaw. Harker turns to his mirror, Dracula pitches it out thea window. It SMASHES far below.
23) 4) dialog: --A foul bauble of man's vanity. Perhaps you--should grow a beard. {sardonic smile) The letter I_ requested--Have you written them? Harker turns over } sealed envelopes. Dracula eyes them i the candlelight and tucks them in his jacket, satisfied.
23) 5) dialog: You may 3° anywhere you wish in the castle, except where the doors are locked. It is old and has pany bad memories. There are bad dreams for those who sleep... unwisely. Be warned.
23) 7) dialog: Listen to them--the children of the night. What music they make. You dwellers in the city cannot enter the feelings of the hunter. Harker shudders--Music--Those animals? Dracula's eyes fla fixing on Harker's crucifix.
23) 8) dialog: De not put faith in such trinkets of deceit. We are in the land beyond the forest. Our ways are not your ways and there shall be to you many strange things. From your experiences already, you know something of what I speak.
23) 10) dialog: He is a lout who can scarcely find his own shadow in the day. (MORE)
23) 13) dialog: Do not envy another man's wealth, Mr. Harker-<For what is its true worth--without love... The Wolves HOWL CLOSER. Harker turns to the sound. His docrlock clanks in place. Dracula is gone! Harker sinks at the window in nagging fear. Soft RUSTLING outside startles him. Harker leans out to investigate.
27) 4) text: IN THE MIRRORS, WE SEE: only Harker's reflection. He exalts. His passion freed! There is no reflection of the Brides--Who pin his arms with surprising strength. The youngest straddles him like a horse. She cups her you breasts guering them maddeningly to suckle him. She trail her mane down his bare chest, down his stomach licking hi down to his loins. He cries out in ecstasy. The older Brides kiss each other across him fondling then selves toa frenzy cnipping his breasts and arms with love bites. Harker stiffens in orgasm as they feed on his wris The youngest jabs her nails into his pants and slits then down to his knee--nibbling his bare thigh--Harker jerks w electric spasms of passion. Older Brides smother his crie with their bodies as they slither down his face and torso their mouths finding each other in a torrid 3 way kiss-- WINDOWS BLOW OPEN with a rush of energy. DRACULA GRABS th young Bride's neck--his fingers encircling her throat lik tentacles. He yanks her into the air--
27) 6) dialog: This man belongs to me! Youngest scurries across the ceiling taunting Dracula, laughing cruel--soulless. Older Brides laugh with her.
27) 8) dialog: Yes-~I too can love. You yourselves can tell it from the past. Is it not so?...And I shall love again. Youngest crawls seductively down the wall to him. Brides fold themselves into him like a big furry animal. DRACULA (contd.) I promise you, when I am gone on ny journey, you shall "kiss" him at your will.
31) 0) text: Dim light streams down from the crumbling vaulted ceiling The ground excavated. Coffin=crates stand in rows, Exhausted, in pain, Harker crawls from a tunnel to a PILE OF GOLD COINS sitting on the ruins of the very 14th centu altar where young Prince Dracula cradled Zlizabeth. Harker plows his hands into the coins, feelin a surge of energy. He stuffs his pockets,. looking around--crazed. . He marvels at the dragon arch with one word carved in i
31) 1) text: Harker inspects the carvings. A BERSERKER WOLF, in full armor, repels an army of Turks. Hundreds of bodies impale on stakes. The dragon's tail rings the rendering. Stakes still protrude in the chapel ground. Skeletons, centuries old, grotesquely skewered on then. SZGANY GYPSIES ENTER carrying out more crates. Harker ducks behind an open crate. Hea shrinks back in horror. DRACULA lays in his "day coma" packed in the moldy earth; eyes wide open and stony. No sign of life. Harker summons courage, grabs a shovel and raises it to strike.
32) 0) text: Szgany reverently fix Dracula's coffin atop the load. 50 in all; each consigned to: S.F. BILLINGTON & SON, GOSEWEL ROAD, LONDON, E.C, 1, ENGLAND. The wagons clatter from th courtyard.
56) 0) text: The coffin crates make an eerie sight lined up in the ruins of the medieval chapel. Dracula is...home.
62) 0) text: The vampire view of human auras in battle below. Heartlights pounding--breathing amplified. Keepers beat the lunatic with clubs. Renfield fights on. WE HEAR: Dracula's metallic animal growl of approval. WE SEE: The red eyes of the predator watching.
65) 2) dialog: Good evening, Ladies. I do find London has an abundance of the most beautiful women in the world. WOMEN titter ite improperly as he opens a horsedrawn hansom for then. their BENTLEMAN CHAPERON frowns--
65) 4) dialog: (bowing in apology) Chi pecora si fa lupo la mangia. He rises, sweeping his hand. The horse spooks and bolts away with the man clinging to the hanson.
65) 5) dialog: (to himself) He who behaves like a sheep gets eaten by the wolf. In bocca al lupo. SCHOOLBOYS dodge around Dracula in pursuit of a PLUMP SCHOOLGIRL playing tag with their bookbags. He delights i their vigor; appraising their size and shape. The little Plump girl would do for a tasty snack. One boy shoves the girl hard to tha cobblestones and runs She sits on the curb holding her knee sobbing. A shadow passes over her. She looks up. Dracula looms.
65) 6) dialog: Might a gentleman be of assistance to a young lady in distress? Dracula bends, offering his handkerchief.
65) 8) dialog: (sel f-mocking) I cannot stand the sight cof blood. (he beckons} Come. We must find you a physician. He‘s lying. He takes the girl’s pudgy hand in his glove. DRACULA’S FOV - THE FACE OF MINA APPROACHES Tense as she hurries through the crowd. Her eyes meet his She locks immediately away. Something compels her to look again. HE HEARS HER HEART BEAT FASTER. She smiles heading right at Dracula! As if she knows him! He panics, tipping his hat clumsily. Mina marches right past hin-~
65) 11) dialog: My priviledge to be of service, ladies, Children are the breath of life in my country. Mina is enchanted by his manner and voice but wary.
65) 13) dialog: Forgive ny ignorance--I am recently arrived from abroad and do not know your city. Isa beautiful lady permitted to give a “lost soul" directions? Dracula is THE “lost soul.” Mina flounces by with Flo, properly reticent to engage the strange man.
66) 0) text: Mina pays for a bottle of LAUDANUM, rounds a corner and bumps right into Dracula. She startles backward. The bottle drops. He catches it with blurring swiftness.
66) 2) dialog: My humblest apology. We meet again...fate perhaps. Destiny. 400 years. She eyes him--unexplainably drawn--
66) 4) dialog: To “see a sick friend" no doubt?
66) 6) dialog: I have offended you. I only wish to find the zoological gardens. The child spoke of it. I understand the collection of animals is the greatest in all of the civilized world. 4/16/91 43.
66) 8) dialog: There is much to ba learned from beasts.
66) 10) dialog: Then allow me escort you. A woman so lovely should not be walking the streets of London without her Gentleman...who is perhaps "away on business."
66) 12) dialog: Such impertinence. How rafreshing. A quality that would cost you your life in my homeland.
66) 14) dialog: Husband? Forgive my manner of rudeness. I am but a stranger in a strange land. I shall bother you no more... He bows, defeated and turns to leave. Mina is confused, fighting against every rule of decorun-~
66) 16) dialog: Then we must hurry. (gently, reassuring) Do not fear ne... --A subconscious command. Mina is completely transfixed.
66) 19) dialog: Pernit me to introduce myself. I am Prince Vladislaus of Szeklys. Thus serve proper introduction?
66) 21) dialog: (swashbuckling bow) A meaningless title. Your servant.
66) 23) dialog: It is I who am honored, Madan Hina. She allows a tentative smile, charmed and disarmed, PRINC DRACULA, barely containing his pure joy, escorts Mina int the swirl of life on the streets of London. Streetlamps a being 1it. People rush home from work. Couples stroll catching the sunset. Big Ben chimes.
66) 28) dialog: (gentle warm smile) It's best not to let the beast sense your fear. He will take all advantage if you allow hin. Mina regards this strange man who dropped in on her life. The ZOOKEEPER, MR. BILDER, hurries up and smacks the wolf through the bars with a wooden staff--
66) 30) dialog: Strygie! Murony! The Words the Park Driver spoke to control the wolves on Harker's journey to Castle Dracula. The Wolf cowers-- understanding--and retreats to the corner. Mina and Bilder watch dumbfounded.
66) 32) dialog: (slim smile) No. I have made pets of several. Dracula beckons. Gentle. The Great Wolf comes, head down, obedient. Dracula reaches through the bars and cradles Berserker's head in his white gloves, rubbing his ears, stroking his great back.
66) 34) dialog: Come here, Mina...Have no fear... Mina resists. Dracula draws her hand into the cage. She struggles--then her hand touches the soft fur. Sensual. Berserker moans like a playful puppy. She strokes its gre neck, getting into it. She smiles to Dracula--the very image of Elizabeth, laughing free and completely trusting she pets the Wolf. Dracula removes his glasses. Man and Beast face to face. His eyes again crystal blue--the same color as the wolf.
66) 35) dialog: (softly savoring) Berserker. EXT. HILLINGHAM - SUNSET as An elegant BLACK TOURING CAR stops outside the gates. Dracula helps Mina down; last rays of sun glowing about h
66) 37) dialog: It does not have to end here, Mina lingers, reluctant to end it at all. DRACULA (cont'd) For me the day is just beginning. (silence) Join me, Madam Mina... Her emotions ripple. She cannot deceive this man.
66) 39) dialog: (profound melancholy) My sympathies to your “sick" friend. a 86 87 ee om w Mina takes a last look at those angel eyes and hurries up the carriage road to Hillinghan.
67) 0) text: Harker runs, dream motion, fighting the snow. TINGLING LAUGHTER of Dracula’s Brides builds to the REVERBERATING HOWLING of Wolves. The HOWLING closes in-- He falls--tumbling, sliding down--down--landing on railroad tracks-~BLINDING LIGHTS APPEAR! A SHRILL WHISTLE. Harker looks up--unable to move! The BRIDES MATERIALIZE, surrounding him, pressing him bac into the snow. The train ROARS by 0.C. He struggles to free himself, but their erotic power over him is too grea
71) 4) dialog: Should you not bestow such treasure to your landlady most needy, Oh Poet? Wilde leads the crowd, applauding Dracula's wit. Dracula greets the adulation as if a great actor long absent returning to his stage.
72) 1) dialog: Drink. Absinthe is the aphrodisiac of the self. They drink deep. Mina weakens at his proximity, giving in
72) 3) dialog: I had no teachers like you in my youth, Only monks...large, obese, ugly smelly monks...God cursed then. MINA (V.0. cont'd) Yet I am drawn to something in him that frightens me. He has many secrets to unlock. I want to know them all...
72) 4) dialog: The land of ny ancient fathers is rich in culture and fable and lore and Kings and Queens just as your England.
72) 6) dialog: (unnerved by her accuracy) ...the most beautiful place in creation.
72) 8) dialog: (spellbound) You describe my home as if you... had seen it firsthand...
72) 11) dialog: Princess?
72) 13) dialog: Madam Mina...it is you who have become the poet... Mina smiles aloof, lost in the absinthe dream trying to decipher sensations surging through her.
72) 14) dialog: There was a Princess, Elizabeth. --speaking "Elizabeth" to Mina as if it were her given na
72) 15) dialog: The most radiant woman in all the empires of the world...Man's deceit took her from her ancient Prince. She leaped to her death into the river you spoke of...in ny mother tongue it is called "the ver princess." us a 4/16/91 Silence. Mina takes his hands in hers, rubbing then comforting...
72) 18) dialog: I never thought to dance again. Or to laugh...
79) 3) dialog: (desperate whisper) Mina...My love...
80) 0) text: Renfield lies comatose on the floor strapped in his strait-jacket. Face bruised and beaten. His eyes open wide--as if summoned. Something is there in the darkness. DRACULA STRIDES from the shadows as if he walked through the wall. His face still the 400-year-old demon. Renfield rises, controlled invisible strings. With superhuman strength, he pulls himself free of the straitjacket.
83) 4) dialog: Your impotent men with their foolish spells cannot protect you from my power-- Lucy clutches the garland of flowers around her neck~-~ 4/fi6/91 96.
83) 7) dialog: I condemn you to living death--to eternal hunger for living blood--YOU BITCH OF THE DEVILLL! He raises his arms calling forth a tempest. BERSERKER LEA RIGHT THROUGH HIM (OPTICAL FX)--as if she were a ghost-~ RESUME 115: CATHEDRAL WEDDING . AT THE ALTAR, the GROOM slowly turns to face his bride. JONATHAN HARKER, ashen, unsmiling, gaunt, eyes deepset.
84) 0) text: The Great Grey Wolf~-CRASHES THROUGH THE GLASS into the room--knocking Lucy back onto the bed. WINDS ROAR! BERSERKER pants over Lucy. The hunger. Mesmerized, Lucy looks into the eyes of the beast... Dracula's eyes. Her hand glides to the garland around her neck--and rips it away revealing her neck and throat--
84) 17) dialog: {angry animal whisper) Harker~~= Harker buckles. His legs giving way. Mina struggles to hold him up. His eyes wild in terror and amazement--
88) 3) dialog: No--I beg you. I had to see you. I am a madman without you-- He glides his hand to hers. She fights his gentle touch-~ 4/16/91 72. 123
88) 5) dialog: He does not deserve you,
88) 6) text: -g-- Who are you? Where are you from? What do you know of him? DRACULA . I BEG YOU. This is as it was meant to be. Mortal love has no hold on you. Ours will last all etarnity.
88) 8) dialog: Gan you conceive of my loneli- ness? Constant--never ending until I found you...I cannet go on in my cursed life of exile without you. I lost you once before-<I'1l not lose you again. She weakens~~-smoothing her hand to his face. She recoils refusing to succumb.
88) 15) text: No! They--deny-~-us-~sahhhh! The train roars from the tunnel. Dawn's light flares in. Dracula is gone! She curls in shock, oblivious to her state of undress. She frantically closes up her bodice.
90) 0) text: Dracula, tormented, sharpens the point of a makeshift staff...feverish...desperate. He staggers to the center o .the chapel, STANDING FULL IN. THE RAYS OF MORNING SUN be to die. With the anguished cry of an animal, he raises th lance to his own chest to kill himself.
90) 1) dialog: Elizabeth...she lives in you... Suddenly he jerks the lance away--
90) 2) dialog: No! I cannot lose you again! I cannot let them take you from me! He hurls the lance in anger--burying it deep in the woode image of Christ on the cross, hanging above the altar.
102) 3) dialog: Mina...my most precious life-- MINA . I want to be with you-~always-~-
102) 4) dialog: You can't know what you are saying. Hundreds of years of resistance nelt in him as she touche his face~-tracing his lips--his eyes-~
102) 6) dialog: There is no life in this body... She shrinks back reviled--horrified--
102) 8) dialog: I am nothing. Hated-~feared--Many have suffered because of what I am. I have committed unspeakable acts to find you. Without you-- the life--the love you give ne-~ I am dead to all the world-- Mina, tears of compassion, gently strokes his hair--~
103) 7) dialog: Command me and I will leave you. But let no man come between our ova.
103) 9) dialog: Mina~-to walk with me you must die to your breathing life and be reborn to mine,
103) 11) dialog: Then I give you life eternal. Everlasting love. The power of the storm. And the beasts of the @arth. Walk with me-~to be ny loving wife... forever-—
103) 13) dialog: --flesh of ny flesh--blood of my blood--- He pulls her submissively to his chest. She drinks. She swoons as his life runs into her---
103) 14) dialog: (in orgasm) Drink and join me in aternal lite-- He falters--welling up--suddenly fighting his desire--He shoves her back in angquish--
103) 16) dialog: I cannot let this be! You will be cursed--as I am. To walk in the shadow of death for all eternity. I love you too much~-to condemn you! She shudders--pleading--holding him--caressing him--
103) 17) dialog: Hear me--I am the monster the breathing men would kill! I am Dracula... Mina breaks down--all her faculties collapsing--pounding futilely--her own guilt fueling her--
103) 19) dialog: (desperate whisper) I too...love...you... THE DOOR BURSTS OPEN! Van Helsing and the men rush in. They freeze at Dracula...Mina at his breast.
103) 22) dialog: Old fool. You would destroy Me with your idols--me who served the cross--me who commanded nations hundreds of years before you were born! (MORE)
103) 23) text: 4/16/91 a9. 145 146 147 DRACULA (cont'd) My revenge has just begun. I spread it over centuries. I will live long after your bones are dust. Time is mine. And she that you all love is mine! More will follow. My armies to do ny bidding--
105) 0) text: Dracula's silver brushes and combs lay next to an elegant porcelain basin filled now with dank water. In the burned debris a face stares out--the photoplate of Mina, charred and broken. The remnants of Dracula's lonely existence.
106) 0) text: Van Helsing leans into view, He is worn. Aged with the stress and rigor. As old as Dracula first at his castle.
113) 0) text: Dracula's coffin crate is lowered onto a horse cart. 12 S2GANY GYPSIES guard the crate with guns and blades.
114) 1) dialog: Mina...you are near.
115) 0) text: Dracula's belowed snoweapped peaks stretch before us.
121) 0) text: 12 MOUNTED SZGANY GYPSIES escort the wagon bearing Dracula along the rivar toward the Castle.
128) 1) dialog: Dracula rises--grabbing Harker by tha throat, roaring the beast--
128) 8) dialog: (tender, loving) Mina...? His voice rasps--cracking like broken glass. Mina holds his dying gaze. Fighting her repulsion as he putrifies: returning to a 400-year-old corpse before them. His sunken eyes find the setting sun. A moment of triumph flashes across his face. He staggers backwards, snarling in pain--wrenching himself through the snow toward the castle gate, refusing to die like an animal-- Mina backs slowly after him, her gun trained on the men.
129) 0) text: Last rays strike the magnificent dragon arch-- PAN DOWN TO: DRACULA; collapsing, sprawled on the marble altar. The same position he discovared Elizaheth in centuries earlier. Wow a husk of his body is all that remains as he oozes away. Deep in the caverns of his eyas fierce life still burns. DRACULA'S CADAVEROUS HAND; framed in the crimson snow-- reaches--up--up--to his precious night visible through th vaulted ceiling-- MINA‘S HANDS APPEAR taking his withering bony fingers, kissing them, caressing them. She kneels beside hin, fighting her ravulsion. : Dracula cracks a hideous painful smile, coughing up blood a rasping gasp.
129) 1) dialog: Where is my God. He forsakes ne.
129) 5) dialog: You are my bride for all eternity...I live in you--
129) 7) dialog: You...must release me! Give me peace...I'm begging you-- Pleading, begging, crumbling in her arms. His voice a ras
129) 8) dialog: I...love...you... ‘She quakes, knowing what she must do--
129) 9) dialog: Never forget ny...glory...! He cries out--Mina closes her eyes, prays for strength an falls on him with all her weight driving the knife clear through his flimsy chest---Arching, reaching up to the altar--cradled in Mina‘s arms--Dracula crumbles to dust. Mina sinks in a dreany silent motion across him...the mar on her forehead vanishes. She is free... The ruins echo with Mina's tender weeping. Moonlight streams upon her cradling his remains. Beams strike the magnificent altar--the dragon arch--illuminating his name “DRAKWYLA®” The Warrior Prince is at peace... FADE SLOWLY OUT.