5) 0) text: Lwucy A Texan, Mina gawks through the keyhole. Lucy langors. Wey Quincey Morriss. He's so young and fresh, Oh Mina--he's like a wild stallion between my legs--
37) 12) dialog: Oh Mina--look at us. What if Arthur and Jonathan should see us like this. Lucy twirls, pulling her drenched white frock down over her body--transparent~-titillating. She tickles -Mina.
37) 14) dialog: Fine talk for an assistant schoolmistress. Look at you-- Mina's white linen dress is diaphanous in the downpour. She laughs with utter delight. [Lucy chases Mina around . the bench, both squealing like schoolgirls. They wrestle. Lucy runs into the cemetery--daring Mina to follow. Mina gives chase, dodging and weaving through the tombstones. Suddenly she stops.
44) 0) text: Lucy and Mina hide under the covers and giggling like schoolgirls at the sounds of the stora.
46) 0) text: QUINCEY MORRISS is roaring drunk in a sea of HOOKERS. 4/16/93 uM. 61 62 QUINCEY (cont'd) --Another toast--with all our hearts to the happiest man in all the world--who's won the noblest woman God made--"Good Lord Art". He spins sloshing RIGHT ON LORD HOLMWOOD-~Lucy's fiance. Late 20's; a rich, stiff imperious English twit. His titl and wealth are his. major attractions. He is drunk as wel but disdainful of Quincey's behavior.
64) 0) text: Lucy turns in her wedding dress, bubbling delight... Lucy Jack-~brilliant Jack. Oceans of love--millions of kisses~- She opens her arms to him. Seward, unflappable, is shocke at her appearance. He takes her hand instead of her kiss. Lucy De you like it? Mina does. I wanted you to be the first man to see it... She spins for his approval; her skin a chalky bloodless white. Weight loss frightening. Gaunt, cheeks sunken in. Receding gums. The early stages of vampire transformation wucy Arthur put you up to this. Tell me? Or do you want me in ny bedroom alone before I'm an old married nag? Ever the tease, she toys with a black velvet choker aroun her neck, Seward forces a laugh, hiding his reaction. 4/16/91 : 39. 81
69) 0) text: LUCY'S WANTON MOANS repeat again building to a passionate female climax--Seward falters topping the stairs, confuse by her cries of ecstasy. a lLS/9L Sl. 94
70) 0) text: Balcony doors stand open, Curtains flap. Lucy lies sprawled on her bed. A small pool of blood caking on a Pillow. Her gown torn open to her waist. Van Helsing covers her. Her chest heaves struggling to breathe, He checks her pulse~<her jugular. The black choker hinders him. He slides it down--revealing the two _small punctures. Fresh. Larger. Worn with repeated use-- Van Helsing's expression tells all, We knows. He knows!
70) 8) text: I don't give a damn who he is. What's he doing to my Lucy!? a/16s9l 32,
73) 5) dialog: {half dreaming) +.-Yed eyes.,.come... She wakes. Van Helsing disarms her with his jovial bedsid manner. = ail .
76) 0) text: A wedding rehearsal. Mina fills in for Lucy. Nolmwood, Quincey and Seward greet her at tha altar. The mood is somber. Holmwood puts on a brave face. Mima shores him up as they face the PRIEST.
83) 0) text: Lucy tosses unable to sleep. Her nocturnal powers alive.
84) 0) text: The Great Grey Wolf~-CRASHES THROUGH THE GLASS into the room--knocking Lucy back onto the bed. WINDS ROAR! BERSERKER pants over Lucy. The hunger. Mesmerized, Lucy looks into the eyes of the beast... Dracula's eyes. Her hand glides to the garland around her neck--and rips it away revealing her neck and throat--
86) 9) dialog: come to me Arthur. Leave these others and come to me. My arms are hungry for you. Come and we can rest tagether. Come, my husband, come--- 4/16/91 71. 121 122 Holmwood opens his arms in a trance--she leaps into them- VAN HELSING SHOVES HER BACK slashing the air with a curve Kukri knife. He flashes a crucifix--
88) 10) text: Lucy lies in the coffin in state. Van Helsing holds a cruel meter-long stake charring the tip in the lamp flame A surgeon preparing his instruments. 4/16/91 7a. 124
89) 0) text: The men gaze in shame and wonder “as they had seen Lucy in life, with her face of unequaled sweetness and purity.
89) 2) text: Quincey leads Holmwood from the crypt, weeping. Silence. Seward opens a case of autopsy knives. Van Helsing chooses and places the large knife to Lucy’s throat--He sags for a moment--his will finally giving out Seward looks away--he weeps at the slicing sound.
116) 10) text: Domine, Christos, bless this child--deliver her from evil-~ He presses the wafer to her forehead. Her skin sears at the touch. Mina screams falling back. A scarlet red mark branded on her forehead-~ MINA . T am his-«! If I cannot be with him then I pray you cut off ay head and drive a stake through me as you did Lucy. Promise mai She convulses in gasping sobs prostrate on the cold groun Van Helsing kneels beside her. His tired body giving out. The winds rise around tham mixed with a TINGLING LAUGHTER van Helsing listens, sensing a presence. The sun has set. EXT. CAMPSITE — EVENING * 189 Van Helsing throws more wood on a roaring fire. Mina sits upright on a couch of furs, wide awake and energized by the night. Van Helsing brings her a bowl of food.