2) 11) dialog: "9 May. I arrived today at Hillinghan, where I shall be staying with Lucy for some weeks until Jonathan and I are married. (MORE)
2) 12) text: MINA (V.0. cont'd) I have longed to be with her, where wa can talk together freely, and build our castles in the air. The life of an assistant schoolmistress is sometimes trying, and I have been working very hard lately, I shall Keep a diary, a sort of journal which I can write in whenever I feel inclined as I see lady journalists do. I do not suppose there will be much of interest to other people, but it ia not intended for them.*
3) 1) dialog: Oh...how disgustingly awful... The typing keys jam. Mina's eyes drift to Sir Richard Burton's ARABIAN NIGHTS open beside her. ucy (0.c.) Mina...? Mina turns. WE SEE HER FACE FOR THE FIRST TIME. . Age 20. She evokes the vary imaga of Elizabeth. Her schoolmistres attire designed to pravent any sensuality from escaping. WCY WESTENRA opens the balcony doors~-as if making a gran entrance into a ballroom filled with Royalty . 19, rich, spoiled, coquettish, and blonde--everything Mina is not. Lucy Oh you prude-~Is your ambitious Jon Harker forcing you to learn that ridiculous machine? When he could be forcing you to perform unspeakable acts of desperate passion on the parlor floor--
3) 2) dialog: Lucy, really-~you shouldn't talk about my fiance in such a way-- --there's more to marriage than carnal pleasures~-~ Mina stands--the concealed book falls to the floor openin wide to an erotic etching. : Lucy 50 I see...Much much more. 4/16/92 5. They burst into titillating laughter. Lucy picks up the book, both breathlessly fanning pages to another etching.
3) 4) dialog: Can a man and woman really do such...such...things? Lucy I did-~only last night-- Lucy poses the sex position in the etching. Mina flushes. Lucy (adding) ~min my dreams. (savoring giddy) I almost forget. I am bursting with news.
4) 1) dialog: What is that?
5) 0) text: Lwucy A Texan, Mina gawks through the keyhole. Lucy langors. Wey Quincey Morriss. He's so young and fresh, Oh Mina--he's like a wild stallion between my legs--
5) 1) dialog: (stifling a laugh) You're positively immoral--- Lucy Mmm hmmm--He just proposed. 4/16/91
5) 2) dialog: Should I dare ask what. Lucey Marriage! That makes 2 proposals in one day. I'm hoping for 3. I am so happy I don't know what to do with myself. oh, Mina I hope there is enough of me to share. She giggles the coquette, primping in the hall mirror. Mina tends Lucy's hair, burning with jealousy.
5) 3) dialog: Who was number one? That tall curly-haired man at the concert? Lucy That gentleman is secret number three. Or. John Seward is number one. He would just do for you if you were not already engaged. He has an immense lunatic asylum all under his own care.
5) 4) dialog: Lunatics. And you thought of me. (the urge to kill) Well, you can't marry all 3. Lucy {posing in mirror) Why not. Why can't a girl marry three men--or as wat as want 2 her--It's so uncivilized.
5) 5) dialog: Lucy Westenra you are a horrid flirt. . Lucy I just know what men desire... (baring her cleavage) They're just little boys. They'11 do anything for a sweet candy kiss and a ride on your merry-go-round. Watch-- Lucy enters to her Texan. Mina studies the mirror.
5) 6) dialog: If I were a man, I know what I would do to make a girl love ne. The allure of the keyhole is too great. She steals a peek
6) 0) text: Peacocks roam, screeching mating cries. JONATHAN HARKER greets Mina at a stone bench overlooking the Thames. 24, wildly ambitious, upwardly mobile--a Victorian yuppie. He whirls her scattering peacocks. They kiss.
6) 1) dialog: Jonathan? 1 didn't expect you here. Are you drunk in the middle of the day?
6) 3) dialog: You are drunk! ~~ a/16/91
6) 6) dialog: Leaving? Now?
6) 8) dialog: I'm thinking about our wedding, Jon.
6) 10) dialog: Of course. We've waited this long..-haven't we...? He takes her in his arms, bracing her up. 4/16/91
6) 12) dialog: I just want us to be...happy.
6) 14) dialog: «+sJonathan...I love you... Mina watches him hurry to his coach. There is a finality to this moment. As if nothing will ever be the same.
30) 0) text: The Arges River roars 200 feet below. Harker descends the stone wall; slipping, clinging, cutting himselr. HARKER (V.0. cont'd) I have not yet seen the Count in daylight. Can it be he sleeps when others wake? If I could but find him...% will kill him and find a way from this dreadful place... where the devil and his children still walk with earthly feet. God's mercy is better than that of these monsters. Goodbye, Mina if I fail; goodbye all!l-- His bloody fingers give way. He skids dow the face-~
37) 6) dialog: This is so beautiful. Lucy and I took hands as we sat; and she told me about her coming marriage. That made me just a little heartsick, for I haven't heard from Jonathan for a whole month... Mina sits on the stone bench, aloof, removed. Lucy, beautiful in a white lawn frock; full of excitement, balances on a grave monument laughing mischievously. Lucy This is ny favorite spot in the entire world...Mina--we've always told each other our deepest most inner secrets--I have one...
37) 7) dialog: I_ should hope you're not Sleepwalking again-- Lucy No, goose. I'm getting married. Mina is elated and jealous, which she tries to hide.
37) 8) dialog: Oh, Lucy--finally. How wonderful. To the lunatic Dector--I_know--the Texan with the big knife?-- Lucy No--number 3!--Arthur Holmwood. Lerda Arthur Holmwood. Lord Art and "Lady" Lucy--Arthur is such a dear to be so disgustingly rich just for me. You are to be ny Maid of Honor. Oh, say "yes."
37) 9) dialog: Of course, Luce, I'm honored; but I thought you loved that Texas creature. Lucy Oh I do--whenever and wherever he wants me to. Mina is annoyed. Major scowl. Lucy Don't look at me that way, Mina. I'm not marrying for love. Who can afford to these days? So... de classe.
37) 13) dialog: (embarrassed laughter) Lucy! Behave yourself,
44) 0) text: Lucy and Mina hide under the covers and giggling like schoolgirls at the sounds of the stora.
44) 1) dialog: It says in "New Woman" girls who are faint-hearted cannot survive in the modern world. C'mon, it's just a storn-- She pulls Lu from under the covers forcing her to look ou the balcony windows. THUNDER BOOMS! LIGHTNING FLASHES, blinding them both. They dive, shrieking, under the cover Lucy We'll see how brave you are. I have a wonderfully wicked plan. Lucy hurries to her vanity and begins brushing on bright lip paint. Mina follows, piqued. Lucy We'll dress as whores and surprise Art at his bachelor do. You will make a ravishing tart. All the men will undress you with their eyes--lusting for you... She begins to paint Mina's lips, playfully caressing her neck, her breast--Mina backs away, surprised at her arous
44) 2) dialog: Lucy! I promised Art to keep you from mischief tonight. SO... s0...go to bed. No more nonsense. Mina is imperious, almost regal in her command. Lucy back away like a scolded PUBPY then laughs like Dracula's brid and dances into the bed seductively. Mina is surprised at her own strong behavior. THUNDER BOOMS! The both SCREAM!
49) 1) dialog: Lucy--are you all right-- She can't see in the darkness. She feels the bed. Empty. Covers tossed on the floor. Fearing the worst, she peers out a small window.
55) 0) text: MINA EMERGES from the fog wrapped in a heavy shawl, fighting the wind and spray--She stops dead as the HOWLING reaches her--sending deeper chills through her. She disappears into the fog.
55) 1) dialog: - lucy! = Lueyyyy!
55) 6) dialog: She finds Lucy alone, breathing in heavy orgasmic gasps? gown spread revealing her breasts-~-her thighs. Mina wrap her shawl about Lucy pinning it at her neck. Lucy shudder Mina takes her shoes off and slips them on Lucy's bare fe She shakes Lucy hard, waking her in a half-dreamy state. Lucy gasps for air--Mina stands her up and guides her awa Lucy His eyes...eyes...
55) 7) dialog: It's all right. You were dreaming--walking in your sleep-~ Lucy Please don't tell anyone, Mina.
55) 8) dialog: Shush up. Let's get you home, They pass beneath a massive stone monument of the cross. 4/16/91 36. 71 72 73 74
64) 0) text: Lucy turns in her wedding dress, bubbling delight... Lucy Jack-~brilliant Jack. Oceans of love--millions of kisses~- She opens her arms to him. Seward, unflappable, is shocke at her appearance. He takes her hand instead of her kiss. Lucy De you like it? Mina does. I wanted you to be the first man to see it... She spins for his approval; her skin a chalky bloodless white. Weight loss frightening. Gaunt, cheeks sunken in. Receding gums. The early stages of vampire transformation wucy Arthur put you up to this. Tell me? Or do you want me in ny bedroom alone before I'm an old married nag? Ever the tease, she toys with a black velvet choker aroun her neck, Seward forces a laugh, hiding his reaction. 4/16/91 : 39. 81
65) 9) dialog: Flot You gave mae a fright. ~~to FLORENCE the pudgy girl. She tends the knee, trying make her presentable. MINA (cont'd) Young ladies in ny tutorials do not chase about with boys on the : streets. Are you hurt?
65) 12) dialog: I thank you, Sir. Good day. Mina gives Flo her book bag and takes her hand to go.
65) 16) dialog: You may purchase a street atlas for six pence. Good day. (steering Flo) Hurry now. Your Nurse is waiting. Flo waves to Dracula. He waves, desperate not to let Mina eut of his sight. He HEARS every word--
65) 18) text: Your lessons are more important. At the corner, Mina delivers Flo to her NURSE and goes he own way.
66) 0) text: Mina pays for a bottle of LAUDANUM, rounds a corner and bumps right into Dracula. She startles backward. The bottle drops. He catches it with blurring swiftness.
66) 1) dialog: Oh=-I see you are still...lost,
66) 3) dialog: I should think not. She holds out her hand. He almost grasps with his trembli hand, then realizes he has her medicine.
66) 5) dialog: That is hardly your business.
66) 7) dialog: ( intrigued) If one fancies animals.
66) 9) dialog: I must go. If you will excuse me? 83 EXT. APOTHECARY - MINA EXITS ALONE a3 Dracula is suddenly in front of her, waiting. Mina is shocked, How?
66) 11) dialog: (so angry she's aroused) I will most certainly not be escorted by any gentieman who has not been properly introduced. And vho~-comes and goes in a--a ghostly way--
66) 13) dialog: Then I should hope never to visit. Do I know you, Sir? Are you acquainted with my husband? Shall I call the police?
66) 15) dialog: Sir--I am the one who has been rude. The zoo is through Regent Park. It closes at sunset. 4/16/92 44. Dracula turns back trying to control himself. He removes his tinted glasses. His sparkling blue ayes hypnotic --enchanting~~taking Mina all in with loving grace.
66) 17) dialog: It's just on my way. I can show you if you like. Mina flushes red-~beside herself with embarrassment.
66) 18) dialog: Oh dear, how positively silly of ma. I cannot believe nyself. Dracula can, He grins like a lovesick schoolboy-~
66) 20) dialog: (impressed and numbed) What an unusual name. And a "Prince" no less.
66) 22) dialog: Wilhelmina Murray-~ Flustered, she starts to curtsy--Dracula stops her.
66) 36) dialog: Thank you for a most unusual afternoon, Prince. I am not accustomed to such...adventures.
66) 38) dialog: Please, I--I am not "Madam"... (compelled to truth) I...am engaged to be married. My fiance is away on business. I cannot see you...again. Silence. Both fixed on each other. Unable to move. He bends kissing her hand. Mina reaches to stroke his long hair--like the wolf--then catches herself pulling back.
66) 41) dialog: I am so happy tonight...because again feel Wee and hope, I dare not say why...Dear Lucy is sleeping softly and looks, oh, so sweet. I hope she has turned the corner with her condition, If Lord Holmwood fell in love with her seeing her only in the drawing room, I wonder what he would say if he saw her now? Some of the New Women writers will some day start an idea that men and women should be allowed to sleep with each other hefore proposing or accepting. (self-conscious laugh dissolves to guilt) .+-If only I knew if Jonathan... God bless him and keep hin... ©
70) 19) dialog: Diary again. Lucy has had another setback. I loathe to see her pain...I have had such an adventure, such an experience. I confess I can no longer hide my feelings. I...must see the Prince again. Forgive me my Jonathan, I cannot bear...not to...
71) 5) dialog: He has such passion for life. For everything around him--like a child discovering the world... +/18/91 98 uw
72) 2) dialog: What does an assistant school- mistress know about such things. I've never been in such a...swirl. She swirls the green absinthe in the candlelight. Dracula covers her lips.
72) 5) dialog: {hallucinating} A land beyond a great vast forest..,surrounded by majastic mountains...
72) 7) dialog: {painting in the air) Yes...it must be. tf can see it. Majestic mountains. Lush vineyards,..with flowers of such frailty and beauty as to he found nowhere else... 4/16/91 ur a
72) 9) dialog: It is your voice perhaps. It is so...familiar...like a voice ina dream you cannot place... It conforts me...when I am alone. Their eyes meet, both lingering too long. Mina awakens
72) 10) dialog: And what of the Princess?
72) 12) dialog: In your land. There is always a Princess. Does she have flowing hair the color of autumn, the haunting eyes of a lustful cat, with gowns flowing white, her face a...her face...and (lost in some hallucination) +.ea river. the Princess is a river filled with tears of sadness and heartbreak... to her deep inner self.
72) 19) dialog: There is a loneliness in him that cries out for love,..and something else frightening... alnost...evil... He lifts her eyes to his~-They kiss--gently, tenderly-- Mina's desire awakened by...a monster.
72) 20) dialog: I find this irresistible. He is unlike any man...
74) 1) text: No man knows till he has suffered from thé night how sweet and dear to his heart and eye the morning can bea...the letters I wrote, @ach one part of his plan, to blot out the very traces of ny existence...Mina, I live...you must know I live...
76) 0) text: A wedding rehearsal. Mina fills in for Lucy. Nolmwood, Quincey and Seward greet her at tha altar. The mood is somber. Holmwood puts on a brave face. Mima shores him up as they face the PRIEST.
76) 2) dialog: I am anxious and it soothes me to express myself here. Today we rehearsed Lucy's wedding, She was too ill to attend. Poor Arthur...I have much to talk over with Jonathan about our own Marriage...only one letter from him in a month-<a brief line, saying he was leaving Castle Dracula. This is so unlike - Jonathan. I do not understand this and it makes me uneasy. If only I knew the future... 4/18/91 80.
77) 0) text: Mina finishes her diary entry on a lap desk. A SERVANT enters.
77) 2) dialog: Viladislaus? Not here-- Van Helsing enters, all charm masking his agenda.
77) 4) dialog: (taking his hand} Dr. Van Helsing...I thought you...might be someone else.
77) 6) dialog: (suspicious) I wrote it all down, here in my diary-- She finds the page. Van Helsing politely finesses it from her, moving to the window to read. Mina starts to protest
77) 10) dialog: Professor...what is wrong with Lucy? Is she...dying.
77) 12) dialog: You praise me too much and you do not...know me...
77) 14) dialog: overcome witn joy) He's alivel Jonathan's alive!
78) 0) text: Mina reads a letter for the hundredth time, still barely comprehending its truth. SUPER: 12 AUGUST, LETTER, SISTER AGATHA, HOSPITAL OF ST. JOSEPH AND ST. MARY. 4/16/91 62. 105 106
79) 1) dialog: My dearest Prince--forgive ne. Dracula reads the letter in the private dining room set with an elegant meal. He is alone. Pain sharpens; with each word wrenching him like a wild animal caught in a tr
79) 2) dialog: I cannot ba with you this night-~ nor ever again. I have received word from ny fiance in Europe. I am en route to join him. Wa ara to be married. Forever your love, Mina... Tears drop blurring the ink. They are Dracula's!
79) 5) dialog: My sweet Prince...Jonathan must never know of us-~ 4/15/31 643. 1a? 108 Sha starts to throw a single white kid glove, touching it to her face, savoring, remembering. Tears finally come Her inner strength failing, she sobs, closing the door on Dracula...forever...
83) 5) text: x, RESUME 115: CATHEDRAL WEDDING A_PRIEST carries the crucifix leading a wedding processio MINA, the Bride. Her dress simple, her veil sparse, but s is beautiful all in white.
84) 8) dialog: “Lucy dear, it was ny privilege to be your friend and guide when you came from the schoolroom to prepare for the world of life. Please, Almighty God, your life may be all it promises: a long day of sunshine, with no harsh wind, no distrust and no pain. I do hope you will be always as happy as I am now. Goodbye, my dear. I shall post this at once. I must stop, for my Jonathan is waking. I must attend to my husband! Your ever loving, WILHELMINA HARKER.“ VAN HELSING'S HANDS place a tiny gold crucifix gently ove Lucy's lips-~a wreath of white flowers on her head--
84) 15) dialog: A sad homecoming in every way. It seems only yesterday sy last entry was made...and yet how much between then and Hillingham and all the world before me Poor Lucy is gone. Never to return to us. To have lost such sweetness out of our Llives...aAnd Jonathan, py husband, with another attack that may harm him. I may never ‘know what he suffered. I dare not open the subject to him for I keep ny own secrets...How different our lives were a few months ago. What has happened to us?
84) 18) dialog: Jonathan? What is it?-- He sees DRACULA! Younger! Restored! Looking right at Harker from inside the dark touring car.
84) 20) dialog: Jonathan~-calm yourself. Let's go to our home. You've had a shock-- He is suddenly animated, lucid with purpose.
88) 0) text: Mina sits in a compartment alone. she finishes Jonathan's tattered journal. Her breath short. Completely distraught She sets the journal down and backs away from it as if it might come to life--
88) 1) dialog: Jonathan, how he must have suffered. Whether it be true, or only imagination...he believes it all himself. That fearful Count, coming to London... The CONDUCTOR sticks his head in--
88) 4) dialog: Please--We mustn't--my husband-- She raises the journal as if in defense. He bats it from her hand.
88) 7) dialog: (strong, dafiant) I am a married woman, You must understand...leave ma... The train roars into a tunnel. Cab lamps flick out.
88) 9) dialog: I cannot think...or reason... you...I know I am only alive when I am with you... A passionate kiss~-He opens her bodice. Her flesh pale, shimmering. He reclines her back on the bench. She pulls him down to her. He kisses her arms, her fingers. She arches herself to him, willing, wanting--his hands lift h neck to him. Her entire body shudders~-
92) 0) text: van Helsing reads Harker's journal like a child reading a comic. HARKER (V.O. cont'd) +.eIf the Professor is anything like what Mina says... He finishes the journal in silence. He inspects several o the gold coins Harker hands him. Harker waits nervously.
93) 2) dialog: Jonathan left early this morning to meet with Professor Van Helsing, but I slept late, sick with apprehension. It is ny haunting fear that this terrible affair I am involved in will destroy Jonathan. He was never so resolute, never so strong as I saw him this day...I am afraid to tell him, but I must. Mina approaches the iron gates eying Carfax in the b.g. tentative--nervous. Seward hurries to let her in. He is completely exhausted.
93) 4) dialog: Dr. Seward--I know you cared much for Lucy...Let me hear how she died. I must know. Was she in great pain?
93) 6) dialog: (foreboding) Has Jonathan arrived yet?
93) 8) dialog: Professor Van Helsing is a shrewd man. Do you trust him?
93) 10) dialog: (instantly drawn) Renfield? He was an associate ef Jonathan’s. Jonathan took over his dealings... (the connection is clear) Do let me see him. You must.
93) 12) dialog: Then you must risk a third. INT. RENFIELD’S CELL - DAY 129 His room is quite spotless save for a new menagerie of bugs. Renfield meditates placidly on a stool.
93) 15) dialog: Good-day, Mr. Renfield-- Renfield properly bows and shakes har hand, eying her all over with keen intent. He looks her deap in the eye. (He smells Dracula on her). His eyes grow fearful.
93) 17) dialog: I am Mrs. Harker. Do you-- remember me?
93) 22) dialog: He does. Tell me about your Master? 4/16/91 79. 130 131
94) 0) text: Mina exits, disturbed and fascinated by Renfield.
95) 0) text: Harker's journal sits open on a table. Van Helsing, Harke Holmwood and Quincey plot over a map. Battle plans. Van Helsing's vampire killing tools are spread by his bag. Seward and Mina enter.
95) 4) dialog: Quincey. Lucy called you her Texan with the big knife. (whispers) I know what she was to you... They share a warm laugh; his handshake rough but sincere.
95) 7) dialog: He won't harm me. Jonathan--I must speak with you--alone --Please...
95) 9) dialog: I am with you. Do what you must for Lucy's sake...for everyone. She places her hand in his, gesture of love and respect.
97) 0) text: Harker says farewell to Mina by Seward's quarters.
97) 1) dialog: ~-I almost feel pity for anythi so hunted as is Pais Count-~ "a
97) 3) dialog: God keep you all-- Renfield screeches at the night from his cell window--
98) 0) text: Nightvision. Watching the Vampire Killers approach. The VIEW JUMPS CLOSER-~CLOSER--right up to: RENFIELD screeching at his window-~ THEN TO MINA; watching from Seward's quarters. 4/16/91 . 83. 135 136
100) 0) text: Mina in her bed gown is at the window, unable to sleep. Renfield's painful cries continue 0.c. She covers her ears--wanting him to stop. 4/16/91 a4. 137 138 139 140 141
102) 2) dialog: My love--this can't be true I an dreaming...I must....
102) 5) dialog: Yes...something inside me has always known... She kisses him. She opens her legs and burias his face in her neck--sliding him down to her breasts. Her gown slips down her pale shoulders~-His mouth meets her flesh. Her legs wrap around his waist. She arches against hin-~ Dracula stops at her throat--her pulse pounding in his brain~-He grabs her hand--placing her palm over his bare chest-~over his heart--She stiffans--the realization~-
102) 9) dialog: Then I must love you to keep you. His entire baing swells with the power--the bungerosne tu slowly to face her--HIS FACE ONCE AGAIN YOUNG filled with aternal tender love.
103) 8) dialog: I want to be what you are. Sea vhat you see~-love what you ove-~-~
103) 10) dialog: You are my love~~and my life.
103) 12) dialog: Yes~-I--will--Yes--forever, Dracula caresses her face as tenderly as a child. He gent turns her, exposing her neck, kissing her softly--She moa «a tiny grimace of pain as he enters her veins~~ With his long thumbnail, he opens a vain over his heart.
103) 18) dialog: God forgive me I leve you--I do love you-- She forces her lips to his chest--
103) 25) dialog: _ (breaking down) Unclean--unclean--unclean--- +-staring at her bloody hands and sheets. Van Helsing | cradles her in that fatherly manner. She sobs like a chil
105) 0) text: Dracula's silver brushes and combs lay next to an elegant porcelain basin filled now with dank water. In the burned debris a face stares out--the photoplate of Mina, charred and broken. The remnants of Dracula's lonely existence.
105) 1) dialog: .--He is gone... 4/16/91 90. 148
106) 2) dialog: He...speaks to me.
106) 4) dialog: {searching his eyes) You...admire hin...
106) 6) dialog: Must you fight~--must you destroy him-~even as you did Lucy-~ Van Helsing shudders remembering what they did to Lucy.
106) 7) dialog: But not in hate. The peor lost soul who has wrought all this misery is the saddest of all of us. You must pity him too--as you must me. van Helsing sighs in grief~~knowing Mina's inevitable end 4/16/91 91. 149
106) 8) dialog: I know I am becoming as him. My mind is made up. When I find in myself a sign of harm to anyone I love, I shail die.
107) 2) dialog: (in a trance) . Sleep has no place to call its own. I am drifting~--floating--
108) 1) dialog: We sail...ne is beside me...
110) 1) dialog: (calm serene smile) Home...Home... Van Helsing gently closes Mina's eyes. She sleeps. Van Helsing sponges her head. | Seward unpacks transfusion tubes. Van Helsing. stops him.
110) 3) dialog: He calls me to him...Promise ne -cpromise me on your honor as men in the sight of God--you'il not tell me your plans against him. Harker takes her hand, fighting his tears. VAN HELSING . She is wise. As he wills her to hin, she could betray us. 0h, Jonathan She is one of God's women, fashioned by his own hand to show use men that there is a heaven. 4/16/91 93. 153 154 At the other end of the car, Hol=wood sleeps in his bush gear. Quincey whets the edge of his Bowie knife--in his rough rider gear. Harker arrives with a map and two whiskeys-~sharing his natural sense of command. He shows Quincey their progress against Dracula's.
112) 12) dialog: My powers will help, Jon. If I stay he will find me and follow. I...am....his..., Harker shouts in anger. He gallop final si HARKER . Not Do you know the place you take her, Professor? Every speck of dust that whirls is a devouring monster embryo! Have you falt the vampire's lips on your throat, old man!
116) 0) text: Van Helsing and Mina approach. Both wearing bulky fur. The horses are fatigued. The old man even nore so. 155 156 157 158 4/16/91 96. Mina reclines in a near comatose state. Suddenly, she wakes, animated, excited like a child--
116) 1) dialog: This is the way--- They crest the top of a steep rising hill--the Castle appears in full view on its precipice. A timeless sentine
116) 2) dialog: Exactly as Jonathan described it in his journal--
116) 4) dialog: Why are we stopping? We must go on.
116) 6) dialog: No--I must see it now--- van Helsing takes her arm gently. She flares, struggling against him--
116) 7) dialog: Let me go--I want to go to hin! She fights harder--he grabs her dragging her back--
116) 8) dialog: I must see him! Can't you understand? Just let me gol I know what I am! He needs ne. I can take care of him. Be with him. Leave mel--
116) 10) text: Domine, Christos, bless this child--deliver her from evil-~ He presses the wafer to her forehead. Her skin sears at the touch. Mina screams falling back. A scarlet red mark branded on her forehead-~ MINA . T am his-«! If I cannot be with him then I pray you cut off ay head and drive a stake through me as you did Lucy. Promise mai She convulses in gasping sobs prostrate on the cold groun Van Helsing kneels beside her. His tired body giving out. The winds rise around tham mixed with a TINGLING LAUGHTER van Helsing listens, sensing a presence. The sun has set. EXT. CAMPSITE — EVENING * 189 Van Helsing throws more wood on a roaring fire. Mina sits upright on a couch of furs, wide awake and energized by the night. Van Helsing brings her a bowl of food.
116) 12) dialog: {spacey drifting) I am not hungry...
116) 14) dialog: Leave me alone-- Her eyes gleam. Van Helsing watches her. HORSES NEIGH AND WHINNY in fright--The TINGLING LAUGHTER echoes in the darkness. Mina hears it. She stands, excited. THE BRIDES OF DRACULA materialize, beckoning to Mina---
118) 0) text: The red dawn appears. The fire smolders. Mina sleeps soundly covered with furs inside the circle. Fresh two-legged tracks lead away from the camp past the two dead horses--heading for the Castla in the distance.
123) 0) text: Van Helsing and Mina take up positions in the jagged reck fortress overlooking the road.
125) 0) text: Van Helsing yells. Mina is riveted.
126) 2) dialog: Harker fights to tha box. Seward rides up leaping over th box chopp a gpey- One Gypsy slashes Quincey. He fights ~=bie ‘hand to han eding profusely-- Van.Halsing yells pointing to the sun.
128) 5) dialog: 
128) 6) dialog: GoD Nooo!-— Harker raises to strike again-~A GUN REPORTS~-the bullet kicking the blade from Harker’s hand. He wheels--stunned- Mina rushes to Dracula--aiming a rifle wildly at Harker-- then Seward-~Holmwood~~all shocked by her action.
128) 9) dialog: You must pity him...When my time comes--will you do the same to me? WILL YOU? Van Helsing holds Harker back, using all his strength to restrain hin.
128) 12) text: Harker kneels on the mound of treasure obsessed with the sea of wealth, calling to Mina. Holmwood sits motionless on his mount. Head bowed. End of the trail. Seward cradles Quincey. He dies... . van Helsing climbs a mound--facing the castle.
129) 0) text: Last rays strike the magnificent dragon arch-- PAN DOWN TO: DRACULA; collapsing, sprawled on the marble altar. The same position he discovared Elizaheth in centuries earlier. Wow a husk of his body is all that remains as he oozes away. Deep in the caverns of his eyas fierce life still burns. DRACULA'S CADAVEROUS HAND; framed in the crimson snow-- reaches--up--up--to his precious night visible through th vaulted ceiling-- MINA‘S HANDS APPEAR taking his withering bony fingers, kissing them, caressing them. She kneels beside hin, fighting her ravulsion. : Dracula cracks a hideous painful smile, coughing up blood a rasping gasp.
129) 2) dialog: I here--I’a with you always--- 4/16/91 104. He reaches feebly to the blade. Mina grips the handle and pulls with all her strength. His fingers, nearly bone, creep up the shaft resting around hers, stopping her.
129) 4) dialog: Please...I...love...you-- She kisses his horrid lips, smoothing what's left of his once strong face.
129) 6) dialog: No...no... She clutches him to her throat to feed but he cannot. She tears open her cloak clutching him to her bare breast to suckle her blood...he cannot.