5) 0) text: Lwucy A Texan, Mina gawks through the keyhole. Lucy langors. Wey Quincey Morriss. He's so young and fresh, Oh Mina--he's like a wild stallion between my legs--
45) 1) dialog: Drink up, another health--
46) 0) text: QUINCEY MORRISS is roaring drunk in a sea of HOOKERS. 4/16/93 uM. 61 62 QUINCEY (cont'd) --Another toast--with all our hearts to the happiest man in all the world--who's won the noblest woman God made--"Good Lord Art". He spins sloshing RIGHT ON LORD HOLMWOOD-~Lucy's fiance. Late 20's; a rich, stiff imperious English twit. His titl and wealth are his. major attractions. He is drunk as wel but disdainful of Quincey's behavior.
46) 2) dialog: Yes, “My Lord." Nobody here but us flesheaters, "My Lord." May I “gay for mad Doc Seward and myself--with all respect "My Lord", Miss Lucy is hotter'n a June Bride riding bareback in the middle of the Sahara buck nekkid!
73) 10) dialog: You just rest easy now, Lucy. Art asked me to look after you while he's out being lordly, whatever that is... Lucy Oh my love, I am so glad you have come. Kiss me---kiss ne once more-- Her voice is soft, voluptuous, reeking with desire. Sewar is shocked, then jealous. Quincey bends to her eager-- VAN HELSING EXPLODES, catching Quincey with a fury yankin him back across the room--
73) 12) dialog: c'mon ¥' damn ole coot--let's step outside and settle this-- SEWARD . Quin! We agreed to do everything he says! Lucy's weak hand rests on Van Helsing's. She kisses it. Her voice faint and filled with “untellable pathos". wey You are my true friend... Guard my dearest friends and my Arthur and give me peace... Van Helsing eyes the young men. No one challenges his authority now. He kneels, taking Lucy's hand in oath. af/16/9L 100 101 102 wr <0.
76) 0) text: A wedding rehearsal. Mina fills in for Lucy. Nolmwood, Quincey and Seward greet her at tha altar. The mood is somber. Holmwood puts on a brave face. Mima shores him up as they face the PRIEST.
79) 7) dialog: {holding Seward back) Jack--You know I love that girl. Wanted to marry her same as you. Seward, exhausted--strung cut~-~faces Quincey man to man.
79) 8) dialog: That ole Dutchman know what he's doin'? How much blocd've wa give her and where's it all goin’? And what the hell's with those flowers? Smell worse'n a dog on a gut wagon. Is he working some kind of "spell"?
79) 11) dialog: You're a sick old buzzard-~ 4/16/32 a4. 109 110
82) 0) text: Quincey patrols watching the same full moon. HOWLING draw closer. Dogs? No. A wolf? He cocks his rifle. PREDATOR'S POV: A vampire’s view of Quincey~-way across t lawn. The VIEW jumps to his rifle and gleaming knife. Quincey turns, sensing the presence--VIEW RUSHES CLOSER. raises his Winchester--he weakens. VIEW rushes over hin~-
85) 0) text: Lamps flash across the iron gate leading te the family crypt. Quincey SWINGS a sledge breaking the lock. Van Helsing leads Holmwood reluctantly in. Seward follows.
86) 0) text: The Leaden Coffin sits on a stone altar, Seward and Quincey inspect it with their lamps. Sealed tight.
86) 5) text: (grim sweet pride) I gave what you gave-~the blood of my veins--I gave it frealy. I gave to her ny nights and days-~ If my death can do her good, even now, she shal] have it freely. Holmwood backs off, helpless. Van Helsing pries the lead flange back. Quincey and Seward remove the lid. Empty!
89) 2) text: Quincey leads Holmwood from the crypt, weeping. Silence. Seward opens a case of autopsy knives. Van Helsing chooses and places the large knife to Lucy’s throat--He sags for a moment--his will finally giving out Seward looks away--he weeps at the slicing sound.
95) 0) text: Harker's journal sits open on a table. Van Helsing, Harke Holmwood and Quincey plot over a map. Battle plans. Van Helsing's vampire killing tools are spread by his bag. Seward and Mina enter.
95) 3) dialog: Mam, a woman's the only thing can help a man when his heart's broke.
96) 0) text: The "VAMPIRE KILLERS" assemble. Holmwood tends 2 HUNTING TERRIERS tugging and yowling. Quincey, Harker, Seward bear revolvers and rifles--knives in their belts--Van Helsing totes only his bag like a doctor making a call.
96) 3) dialog: I wasn't planning on gettin’ that close to him, Doc. Van Helsing roars with laughter until tears come to his eyes. Quincey wasn't trying to be funny.
102) 0) text: Harker chops. The others stack the boxes high.Seward methodically spreads coal oil on the pile-~ HIGH PITCHED SQUEALING echoes around them. A SPARKLING SWIRL OF MIST FORMS rolling across the flocr. RATS APPEAR from it! Quincey empties his colt at them. Holmwocd and Seward sla and chop at them with saber and axe. Harker pulls rats from Van Helsing's neck and shoulders fighting them off as he lights a torch-~
112) 3) dialog: While we're waitin' for the Count to show, why don't you ask the Dec to put Mina wife in one of those trances 'n tell us where we can find some decent food-- Harker appreciates Quincey's levity, but he's too intense laugh. Holmwood hurries up with a cablegram--distraught.
112) 6) dialog: I'll be damned. She sailed right past us in the night-~She's headed upriver.
124) 0) text: From the snowy gloom. Quincey's unforgettable REBEL YELL flanked by Jack Seward, his saber drawn! Quincey FIRES his Winchester rapidly--Indian style-- One Szgany drops. The Riders clash. SEWARD SLASHES one across the chest, dropping him to the ground.
128) 2) dialog: Driving his Bowie knife deep in Dracula's heart. Ha screeches--flinging Quincey into the snow. Dracula writhes clawing at the knife deep in his chest. A great beast is dying--
128) 12) text: Harker kneels on the mound of treasure obsessed with the sea of wealth, calling to Mina. Holmwood sits motionless on his mount. Head bowed. End of the trail. Seward cradles Quincey. He dies... . van Helsing climbs a mound--facing the castle.