67) 3) dialog: Ah~-you see~-witness the struggle. The great mystery of life and death-=-continues-- REVEAL: ABRAHAM VAN HELSING lecturing a handful of STUDEN around his microscope. "The poise of his head indicates thought and power...sculpted in mystery and kindness. ..d blue eyes quick and tender or stern with the man’s moods.
67) 5) dialog: There are many mysteries in our universe. But the key to all life and death lies here.., He slits his thumb with a lancet squeezing his own blood onto a glass slide.
67) 6) dialog: Blood is life and gives life. Page and Burdon have proved the heart emanates an electrical charge with each beat, carrying the blood which animates the body and feeds it-- Van Helsing moves to the head of the cadaver pushing electrical wires into lobes of the exposed brain and open heart cavity.
67) 7) dialog: The Americans have an electrical chair used to stop the hearts of criminals. Pity the Americans. Barbarians. But consider a drop-~a trickle of electricity to the heart, pumping blood through a body that has ceased to live? Can man play God-~bestow life? 4/16/91 49. 89 90 91 Van Helsing turns a hand generator slowly watching the am on a gauge-~students shrink back in exclamation. The cadaver's hands quake with the electricity. The dead heart beats erratically, Students shout and applaud. TIGHT ON VAN HELSING: cranking faster...playing God.
68) 0) text: A SERVANT takes Van Helsing's coat. He refuses to let go his bag. Seward, haggard, hurries to meet him.
68) 2) dialog: (thick Dutch accent) I come to my friend when he call me to aid those he holds dear--Jack-~-tall ma everything about your case.
68) 4) dialog: "Mental?" (fearing it's not)
68) 6) dialog: (reading Seward) Your dear Miss. She means much to you--You leve her? Seward nods; near collapse. Suddenly, Lucy's ORGASMIC WAI echoes down the stairs.
70) 0) text: Balcony doors stand open, Curtains flap. Lucy lies sprawled on her bed. A small pool of blood caking on a Pillow. Her gown torn open to her waist. Van Helsing covers her. Her chest heaves struggling to breathe, He checks her pulse~<her jugular. The black choker hinders him. He slides it down--revealing the two _small punctures. Fresh. Larger. Worn with repeated use-- Van Helsing's expression tells all, We knows. He knows!
70) 2) dialog: There is no time to be lest. She will die for sheer want of blood. There must be transfusion at once. Seward opens the bag pulling out implements~--
70) 4) dialog: I've experimented with Landsteiner's method. If hemolysis occurs in the donor serum, the red blood cells will burst-~Dear Miss could die...
70) 9) text: van Helsing looks at Seward, then at Holmwoad. He "sees everything.
70) 11) dialog: (calm, in charge) The young miss is very bad. We make a transfusion. “| * HOLMWOOD My life is hers. I would give my last drop of blood to save her.
70) 13) dialog: (knowing Lucy's fate) You will be happy in the not-so~ far-off (future) you have done all for her you love--Now kiss her once--We begin-- Self-conscious and overwhelmed, Holmwood kisses Lucy tentatively on her bluing lips. Seward sits him down like a child, ties off his arm with jealous jerk and thumps up a vein. Experience. He jabs Holmwood with the large needle, inwardly enjoyi’g the pai he's inflicted in Holmwood's face. Van Helsing inserts the large needle into Lucy's arm. She quivers in brief pain--still unconscious. He pumps. RED BLOOD rhythmically travels the tube from his arm to hers: feeding life into her. WE HEAR the force like a raging torrent of water crashing down.
73) 6) dialog: My dear young Miss--they told ne you were down in spirit. I say "pout"! (snapping his fingers) You and I will show them how wrong they are. Lucy rallies with her coy laugh--taking his hand. Seward appears at Van Helsing's side. Lucy (surmising who he is) Dr. Van Helsing...? Jack--how good you are all to me.
73) 7) dialog: (upbeat, jovial) What does he know of young ladies? He has his "madmans" to play with. Lucy enjoys Seward's embarrassment. Her hands Lide to her throat. She freezes--feeling flowers instead of her choke She wrinkles her nose at the disgusting smell.
73) 8) dialog: How can one so beautiful snub such a charming nose? This (garland) is medicinal--so that you may sleep well--and dream pleasant-- He points to a large bouquet of beautiful white flowers i a vase by the French doors. VAN HELSING (cont'd) --like the Lotus flower--make all your trouble forgotten-- Lucy tears the flower necklace off laughing derisively. Lucy You're putting up a joke on me. These flowers are only common garlic. 4/16/91 58. Van Helsing stands menacing over Lucy. She recoils--
73) 9) dialog: I never jest. I warn you that you do not thwart ne. (trans forming--ratherly again) . Oh, my little miss, do not fear me. I only do for your good. QUINCEY ENTERS, having been outside waiting. He's shocked by her appearance, but puts on his big grin.
73) 11) dialog: Not for your life! Not for your living soul--or hers! Quincey grabs Van Helsing--Seward intervenes--
73) 13) dialog: She charm me. I swear to this, not because of disease, but because of you~~dearest Miss...
77) 3) dialog: Ah--you are Madam Mina, dear friend to our Lucy. Forgive me, I have startle you...?
77) 5) dialog: Ah, yes yes. Lucy told me about your Mr. Harker's business trip and your worry for him. I worry too...for all young lovers. I should like to meet him someday. Mina wasn't expecting this. Van Helsing takes her hand comforting. VAN HELSING (cont'd) Lucy tell me much about her dear friend, Mina... I know of her sleepwalking and how you save her...I come to you to ask you to tell me all you can remember. It is for her good I ask--
77) 7) dialog: {scanning the page) I shall be discreet, Madam. I do not wish to know your secrets...
77) 11) dialog: (reading, face ablaze) Things are not always as they seem. He shuts the diary in a rush of energy, taking Mina's han - VAN HELSING (cont'd) Madam Mina, how can I say what I owe you? This paper is as sunshine. I am dazzle. It will be a pleasure to serve you as friend. I trust you but ask.
77) 13) dialog: There are darknesses in life, and there are lights. You are one of the lights-- He kisses her hand and turns to go. He stops, slapping hi hands to his great noble head~~ ‘VAN HELSING Mein Gott--the devil has fevered my brain. A letter for you--from Buda-Pesth-~ He fishes a letter from his pocket and presents it-- VAN HELSING (cont'd) Your “husband” will be blessed in you... He dashes off. Mina stares at the opened letter. Jonathan She reads, breathless, the weeks of waiting over--
79) 10) dialog: Guard her well, Mr. Morriss, do not fail here tonight. We're fighting an enormous powar here. Greater than any disease I have aver encountered. To liva, IT feeds on Lucy's precious blood. Quincey, disgusted, ready to punch Van Helsing out.
79) 12) dialog: And you are a sane man. Both of you. Hear me out. Lucy is not a random victim attacked by mere accident. No--she is a willing recruit, a follower, I daresay--a devoted disciple. She transform because she suckles the beast's own diseased blood to become what it is. A monster... Quincey looks to Seward for explanation of this nonsense.
79) 13) dialog: We may still yet save her precious soul... (laughs maniacally) But not on an empty stomach. Jack! I starve! Seward climbs in--Van Helsing barks to the driver. They speed away leaving Quincey behind. He surveys the vast grounds. He checks his knife and rifle...spooked.
84) 10) dialog: Friend Jack, I pity your poor bleeding heart the nore because it does so. It is not over, It is only the beginning...I want you to bring me a set of post mortem knives.... .
84) 12) dialog: (matter of fact) Not exactly. I want to cut off her head and take out her heart. Seward backs away repulsed--stunned into silence. The VIE MOVES SLOWLY TO LUCY'S FACE. ah ww
84) 14) dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Jonathan Harker. You will be grieved to hear that Lucy Westenra died and was buried 5 days ago. A. Van Helsing, attending physician. Porters load their bags onto a “motorbus.* Harker recoils from the crush cf people on_thé street, paranoid, fearful
85) 0) text: Lamps flash across the iron gate leading te the family crypt. Quincey SWINGS a sledge breaking the lock. Van Helsing leads Holmwood reluctantly in. Seward follows.
86) 1) dialog: (a class lecture) If--Miss Lucy is dead--there can be no Wrong done to her. But if she is not--
86) 3) dialog: I go no further to say she is "un-dead"™. Van Helsing produces screwdrivers from his bag. Quincey and Seward go to work on it. Holmwood is an emotional mes
86) 5) text: (grim sweet pride) I gave what you gave-~the blood of my veins--I gave it frealy. I gave to her ny nights and days-~ If my death can do her good, even now, she shal] have it freely. Holmwood backs off, helpless. Van Helsing pries the lead flange back. Quincey and Seward remove the lid. Empty!
86) 6) dialog: She is “nosferatu." "Un-dead", Nosferatu is immortal. Surviving age after age feeding on the blood of the living; adding new victims. We do not fight one monster~~Lucy is but one of an entire army that grows among us. Quincey is loudly skeptical. Holmwood lashes out-~
86) 10) dialog: Answer me now, my friend! Am I to proceed with my work? Holmwood falls to his knees--his face buried in his hands
88) 10) text: Lucy lies in the coffin in state. Van Helsing holds a cruel meter-long stake charring the tip in the lamp flame A surgeon preparing his instruments. 4/16/91 7a. 124
88) 11) dialog: A moment's courage and it is done. Take the stake in your left hand, place the point over her heart-~ Holmwood whimpers taking the stake and the coal hammer in his trembling hands. Trying to maintain control, Seward covers Lucy's face with a shroud, pressing hard. van Helsing begins to read the Latin death mass-~Holnwood weeping, raises the hammer~-HE STRIKES! Lucy writhes twisting in wild contortions. Seward holds her down smothering any cries, swallowing his own.
88) 13) text: Van Helsing reads louder. Holmwood strikes again~-Blood sprays the wall~=-trickling in delicate rivulets.
89) 1) dialog: And now, my child, you may kiss her. For she is no longer a foul thing for all eternity. No lenger is she the Devil's "un-dead"...She is God's true dead. Her soul is with him... Van Helsing guides Halmwoed down to Lucy. Their lips meet Seward can't take it. Quincey shrinks back, sickened-- VAN HELSING . Now leave us, I am not finished. 125 126
89) 2) text: Quincey leads Holmwood from the crypt, weeping. Silence. Seward opens a case of autopsy knives. Van Helsing chooses and places the large knife to Lucy’s throat--He sags for a moment--his will finally giving out Seward looks away--he weeps at the slicing sound.
92) 0) text: van Helsing reads Harker's journal like a child reading a comic. HARKER (V.O. cont'd) +.eIf the Professor is anything like what Mina says... He finishes the journal in silence. He inspects several o the gold coins Harker hands him. Harker waits nervously.
92) 1) dialog: Madam Mina asked that I read your so wonderful journal for fear you were suffering and in great need...She gives me hope there are good women still left to make life happy... THE COIN: The Warrior Prince on one side and the order of the Dragon on the other.
92) 2) dialog: The ancient Dracul himself...You may sleep without doubt, Mr. Harker, Strange and terrible as it is, it is true. I will pledge my life on it.
92) 5) dialog: Jon Harker~~you hava suffered much from what I have read, You - are a nobleman. Your brain and heart are well. You did not taste the blood of those...of your infidelity. You are safe from the fate that took dear Lucy and will heal. Have no fear. 128
92) 7) dialog: I am with you heart and soul. We must find the author of all our sorrow and stamp him-out, your bloodthirsty Count. Have you a plan?
92) 9) dialog: Son of the Devil. We must hurry!
95) 0) text: Harker's journal sits open on a table. Van Helsing, Harke Holmwood and Quincey plot over a map. Battle plans. Van Helsing's vampire killing tools are spread by his bag. Seward and Mina enter.
95) 1) dialog: Ah--wonderful Madam Mina. She has a brain a man should have were he much gifted with a woman's heart. Mina flushes as the wily Dutchman kisses her hand. 4/16/91 30.
95) 11) dialog: Then we are all agreed. A fortnight ago you would laugh in ridicule if I said there are such things as vampires. Our own erience with Lucy gave us evidence they exist...We were too late to save her... Holmwood breaks down. Mina is shocked. Lucy? A vampire? Van Helsing beckons to Harker who presents a file.
95) 13) dialog: Hal--Part of his battle strategy to conquer us. Jack--the Black Devil is your neighbor!
96) 0) text: The "VAMPIRE KILLERS" assemble. Holmwood tends 2 HUNTING TERRIERS tugging and yowling. Quincey, Harker, Seward bear revolvers and rifles--knives in their belts--Van Helsing totes only his bag like a doctor making a call.
96) 1) dialog: The foa we face has the strength of zO0 men as Jonathan can bear witness. He must indeed have been that Voivode Dracula who won his name against the Turk. He is king of all Nosferatu. He can direct the elements; the storm, the fog, thunder...He commands the meaner things; the bat, rodent, wolf, But his powers ara weak in daylight, as are most evil things...He must rest in sacred earth of his homeland... and that earth is where we shall destroy him. Seward sheaths his military saber. Quincey loads his Navy Colt snapping it shut. 4/15/92 a2. 133 134
96) 2) dialog: Mr. Morriss--your bullets will not harm him--he must be dismen- bered. His head decapitated to insure death. I suggest you use your big knife.
99) 3) dialog: (scanning his 6th sense) Another of his disciples. We must gestroy every box. If we fail here, it is not mere life or death. It 1s we become like hin-- Van Helsing removes a flask of holy water from his bag hanging it about his neck. Then his rainments.
99) 4) dialog: (sprinkling holy water) In manus tuas, Domine... Harker takes the lead, fireaxe in hand. He surges driving the axe through the lid with a cry of rage--He chops agai --moving to the next--smashing it-- The Vampire Killers follow methodically breaking open and boxes and dumping the white moldy earth-- Van Helsing sprinkles the earth with holy water and crumbles holy wafers in crates while reciting the communion sacrament--all as if out on a Sunday stroll.
102) 0) text: Harker chops. The others stack the boxes high.Seward methodically spreads coal oil on the pile-~ HIGH PITCHED SQUEALING echoes around them. A SPARKLING SWIRL OF MIST FORMS rolling across the flocr. RATS APPEAR from it! Quincey empties his colt at them. Holmwocd and Seward sla and chop at them with saber and axe. Harker pulls rats from Van Helsing's neck and shoulders fighting them off as he lights a torch-~
102) 1) dialog: This is his doing! Burn itl 4/16/91 a5. 142 Harker fights through the swarm tossing the torch onto th pile of crates. It erupts in a ball of flames-~ INT. SEWARD'S QUARTERS ~ MINA‘S ROOM ~ NIGHT 142 The stream of mist billows across the floor and up under Mina‘'s sheets coiling toward her like a serpent-- Mina, in near stupor. watches the bulge slide up toward h Suddenly it feels warm--the fear leaves her face--ecstasy returns--DRACULA SLIDES from underneath the sheet handson sensual=~intoxicating~~kissing her passionately. She responds--wanting him--hungering hig!
103) 0) text: Renfield is a twisted mass, Seward enters followed by Van Helsing--beth smoke burned. Seward makes a cursory diagnosis. Renfield moans. Seward pokes his leg with his lancet. Nothing. No feeling.
103) 2) dialog: Poor devil-~-Trephination. Release the cranial pressure. It is his only hope-+ Seward pulls a round trephine bore from Van Helsing bag.
103) 4) dialog: What woman! Talk to ne man--What woman? Renfield!
103) 21) dialog: In manus tuas, Domine!
103) 24) dialog: Your armies were defeated. You murdered thousands with unspeakable tortures. Now you must pay for your crimes. Van Helsing stabs the cross at him. Dracula blocks it. It bursts into flames. Dracula flings it to the floor, wailing in pain like a wild beast caught in a trap-- --then taking a final longing look at Mina--he bows-- --and LEAPS OUT THE WINDOW--vanishing into a vapor-- Quincey rushes to the window peering out. Nothing. Gone. Silence. The Vampire Killers regard each other--numbed-- Harker tears himself from Mina and storms out reviled by appearance--her actions.
106) 0) text: Van Helsing leans into view, He is worn. Aged with the stress and rigor. As old as Dracula first at his castle.
106) 1) dialog: How do you know, child? Mina stares into Space. Gaunt. Pale. Her gums receding back. She is changing. Transforming.
106) 3) dialog: (comput ing) He still has a strong mind cennection to you. He was, in life, a most wonderful man. Soldier and statesman. His heart was strong encugh to survive the grave. Had we not crossed his path, he might be the father of a new order of beings--whose road must lead through Death-- not life...
106) 5) dialog: Much so. His mind is great. But greater is the necessity to utterly stamp him out. That is why I want to hypnotize you, Mina, Help ma to find him-- before it is too late. Mina wrestles with the powers ripping her insides~~-
106) 9) dialog: You would take your own life? Mina nods with firm conviction.
106) 10) dialog: You must not die--until this "other" who fouled your sweet life is “true dead". His destruction is your salvation. Help me find him. Help me... Van Helsing hypnotically caresses her hand, moving his fr hand slowly before her--she fixes on it--weak-~fatigued-~ MINA “ (drifting) Yes. I must go to him. He calls. She nods~~staring glassy eyed. Van Helsing checks her vitals--knowing what he must do. He puts her deep in an hypnotic trance,
106) 11) dialog: Tell this dry old man of science what you see with those so bright ayes.
107) 3) dialog: What do you hear? The Czarina crashes through waves, speeding with the wind MINA (¥.0.) Mother ocean...
109) 1) dialog: Where are you going? :
110) 2) dialog: The vampire has baptized her with his own blood. Her blood is dying, my friend. Van Helsing raises her lips. Her gums have receded. Mina suddenly grabs Van Helsing barely able to breathe--
112) 13) dialog: Be not afraid for Madam Mina. It is she who will protect me. We are all in God's hands.
116) 0) text: Van Helsing and Mina approach. Both wearing bulky fur. The horses are fatigued. The old man even nore so. 155 156 157 158 4/16/91 96. Mina reclines in a near comatose state. Suddenly, she wakes, animated, excited like a child--
116) 3) dialog: The end of the world... Van Helsing studies Mina's exuberant reaction, troubled--
116) 5) dialog: It is late, child. We rest here. Full of new energy, Mina jumps down and starts walking.
116) 9) dialog: (wrestling her down) --I am vowed to protect you. I have lost Lucy. I will not lose you to him. This will comfort you and bless you-- He pulls a tin from his coat--and produces a holy wafer-- 4/16/91 97. 159
116) 10) text: Domine, Christos, bless this child--deliver her from evil-~ He presses the wafer to her forehead. Her skin sears at the touch. Mina screams falling back. A scarlet red mark branded on her forehead-~ MINA . T am his-«! If I cannot be with him then I pray you cut off ay head and drive a stake through me as you did Lucy. Promise mai She convulses in gasping sobs prostrate on the cold groun Van Helsing kneels beside her. His tired body giving out. The winds rise around tham mixed with a TINGLING LAUGHTER van Helsing listens, sensing a presence. The sun has set. EXT. CAMPSITE — EVENING * 189 Van Helsing throws more wood on a roaring fire. Mina sits upright on a couch of furs, wide awake and energized by the night. Van Helsing brings her a bowl of food.
116) 11) dialog: ¥ou must eat something, child~-
116) 13) dialog: (testing her) Come. Come over to tha fire-~ He leads her. She stops~-tugging away. Sitting where she stands, on her haunches, watching,
116) 16) dialog: Minai inal You are safe here! Do not move outside the ring-- 1 hing: tt hi (laug! at hin) Why fear for ne? None is safer in all the world from them than me. I am their kind--
116) 17) dialog: Not while I live. Nol He crumbles a holy wafer around the circle, waving the flaming stick at the Brides--
116) 18) dialog: Leave us! This is holy groundi The YOUNGEST laughs cruelly hissing at his antics-~ He stands before Mina--his flaming stick in one hand, his holy book in the other--The Brides swirl past hin-- The horses neigh in fright-~One beast is yanked down by t Brides~-leaping and tearing at its great neck. Van Helsing covers Mina‘'s ayes. He gags at tha horrible sight as the horges cry and neigh in death.
120) 0) text: The ground covered in a blanket of white. Follow the tracks to: Van Helsing. His face and hands bitten with the cold, limping in his great fur coat up to the stone altar. He gazes reverently at the dragon arch-~"DRAKWYLA. THE 3 BRIDES lay in their tombs. More beautiful and more voluptuous than ever. Their hunger sated-~ Then he opens his bag, as a Doctor making a house call, laying out his instruments of dismemberment--his post-mor knives, 3 long wooden stakes, his mallet~-with ritual car He kneeis before the youngest. overwhelmed by her beauty. XY lovingly. Her robe lays open revealing her perfect breast...aroused and weakening, Van Helsing bends...kissing her exposed nipple. Her eyes open glowing hot-~she presses his mouth harder to her breast waking his desires-~- A Second Bride wakes pulling him down to her loins archin against him. He recoils, chastising himself. In one fluid motion, he places a stake on her chest--AND STRIKES!
121) 2) dialog: Minat Madam Minal Mina rises in her fur--He embraces her~--exhausted--barel able to stand.
121) 3) dialog: He comes! 4/16/91 100. 168 169 170 171 172 173 He grabs the sealskin of rifles and a rucksack and drags her down the hill after him.
123) 0) text: Van Helsing and Mina take up positions in the jagged reck fortress overlooking the road.
123) 1) dialog: They race the Sunset--We may be too late--God help us-- WOLVES BEGIN TO HOWL ©.C. IN THE HILLS. Van Helsing climb up on the rock with his field glasses-- EXT. BORGO ROAD -— HIS POV - FIELD GLASSES 170 The Caravan makes the turn heading right at their position. Further back TWO RIDERS are closing fast--
123) 3) dialog: Look, Madam Minal Two horsemen follow fast! Hah!
125) 0) text: Van Helsing yells. Mina is riveted.
126) 3) dialog: Strike now! Hurry Mannnl
128) 10) dialog: She‘ll shoot, Man, Lat me reason with her. Our dead is not finished until Dracula is dust-~! Harker knocks Van Helsing down and rushes at her--
128) 12) text: Harker kneels on the mound of treasure obsessed with the sea of wealth, calling to Mina. Holmwood sits motionless on his mount. Head bowed. End of the trail. Seward cradles Quincey. He dies... . van Helsing climbs a mound--facing the castle.
128) 13) dialog: Madness...Madness...God rest him. Let him sleep in peace.