2) 0) text: A man, JOSE, is on the roof, wrestling with a rickety satellite dish, stringing wire, trying to get it to work. (We get glimpses of him throughout the scene as he struggles with what is assuredly a pirate operation.) Four of six floodlights nailed to the roof cast pools of yellow into the gathering darkness. ROY "TIN CUP" McAVOY stands under the swarm of moths crowding the brightest light, hitting golf balls. THWOCK...! Launching them, really, into the deepening night. There's a beer between his legs. Behind him: A group of men forms a semicircle, facing away from Tin Cup. These men are the range regulars: CURT, CLINT, EARL, and DEWEY. Each man has money in one hand and his preferred libation in the other. They're all looking back and forth between the bug lights hung on the back wall, and muttering what sounds like bets to: ROMEO POSAR -- a smaller man, he stands at the center of the group with a handful of cash. Romeo is a part-time bookie and full-time driving range man. Born across the river in Mexico, Romeo is Tin Cup's caddie, confidante, best friend.
3) 8) text: (patiently) Dewey. I'm the one asking the riddle. I already know the answer. I don't getta guess. Although... We could say if I get to five hundred bounces and no one gets the riddle, I get the pot. And I know what you're thinking. It's an impossible riddle. Well, It's not. It's an easy riddle. And if somehow by the grace of fluke luck I win, and you all don't agree it was an easy riddle, hell, I'll refund your money. EARL, CLINT &amp; ALL
3) 16) dialog: Give us a little hint.
5) 10) dialog: So how much you stand to lose?
34) 9) text: Dollar bills... Romeo backs off to let the man practice, and Clint asks: CLINT
34) 11) text: Dollar bills. His divots got to look like dollar bills. 'Course Moe Norman hits divots like bacon strips 'cuz he come over the top, but that's gettin' too technical for you. Clint turns and nods approvingly to the rest of the regulars. CLINT
34) 12) text: See that, boys? He's hitting dollar bills. Tightening his game. They murmur approval, but Earl catches Clint's eye and jerks his head at Tin Cup, indicating Clint isn't doing his job as group spokesman. Clint takes a step forward. CLINT
41) 2) dialog: You the man, Tin Cup! A toast is raised to their king, and Tin Cup eats it up.
41) 13) dialog: He didn't break the seven!
41) 25) text: That's the question -- why? Silence. CLINT
41) 29) text: Swear to God, Doc, this guy is not who you think. CLINT
41) 61) text: (to himself) Dollar bills... He takes a full back-swing, opens beautifully, and launches a seven iron like a rocket out toward some driving range markers... to "oohs" and "ahhs" from his faithful. The ball lands at a 170 yard marker and bounces further. CLINT
42) 1) dialog: You the man, Roy...
45) 1) dialog: We get through the next 36 holes and we in the Open!
45) 7) dialog: But you don't got the doctor lady?
45) 13) dialog: Can we hear it or is it personal?
50) 1) dialog: Never thought it would happen...
50) 20) text: It's not a good look for you. Roy, your heart is not the only organ you wear on your sleeve. There's a certain, vulgar appeal to your transparency. Tin Cup shrugs.   She always has him outflanked. CLINT
50) 28) text: See, Dewey got you First State Banking of Salome, and Clint got you Short-Haul Trucking and I got you Brink and Brown sanitation -- TIN CUP
50) 44) dialog: Give him some room, boys --
72) 4) dialog: And eighteen's a par five. A birdie there, he shoots sixty!
85) 5) text: If the boys from Salome was in town -- this is where they'd be... The boys from Salome walk in -- with Doreen, all looking like hell from the long bus trip. They're ecstatic to see Tin Cup and Romeo. CLINT
85) 23) dialog: No, it's in Odessa. They all pull up chairs and settle in for a long evening at the Waffle House. Tin Cup leans back in his chair, turns to Molly.
95) 1) dialog: Our boy's in trouble... ya think he's chokin'?
117) 13) dialog: He done blew a gasket, boys...
121) 9) dialog: Greatest 12 I ever saw... you crunched that dog, baby... gorgeous shot, etc... He looks up and there's Molly -- He stops short.    They embrace.