2) 0) text: A man, JOSE, is on the roof, wrestling with a rickety satellite dish, stringing wire, trying to get it to work. (We get glimpses of him throughout the scene as he struggles with what is assuredly a pirate operation.) Four of six floodlights nailed to the roof cast pools of yellow into the gathering darkness. ROY "TIN CUP" McAVOY stands under the swarm of moths crowding the brightest light, hitting golf balls. THWOCK...! Launching them, really, into the deepening night. There's a beer between his legs. Behind him: A group of men forms a semicircle, facing away from Tin Cup. These men are the range regulars: CURT, CLINT, EARL, and DEWEY. Each man has money in one hand and his preferred libation in the other. They're all looking back and forth between the bug lights hung on the back wall, and muttering what sounds like bets to: ROMEO POSAR -- a smaller man, he stands at the center of the group with a handful of cash. Romeo is a part-time bookie and full-time driving range man. Born across the river in Mexico, Romeo is Tin Cup's caddie, confidante, best friend.
3) 6) dialog: You going to get the riddle, Tin Cup?
3) 8) text: (patiently) Dewey. I'm the one asking the riddle. I already know the answer. I don't getta guess. Although... We could say if I get to five hundred bounces and no one gets the riddle, I get the pot. And I know what you're thinking. It's an impossible riddle. Well, It's not. It's an easy riddle. And if somehow by the grace of fluke luck I win, and you all don't agree it was an easy riddle, hell, I'll refund your money. EARL, CLINT &amp; ALL
50) 28) text: See, Dewey got you First State Banking of Salome, and Clint got you Short-Haul Trucking and I got you Brink and Brown sanitation -- TIN CUP
50) 31) text: I've got Wally's Smokehouse for ya -- kind of a nice sign... DEWEY
72) 0) text: Doreen is behind the till. The regulars and several customers crowd the counter, staring up at the TELEVISION as Dewey rushes in from his job.
72) 1) dialog: They said on the radio he was ten under --
85) 8) text: Saw the Winnebago outside -- we're starving... DEWEY
85) 19) dialog: This is the Waffle House, Doreen --
89) 2) dialog: We all are, but Earl's the best.
89) 10) dialog: We can't let you --