7) 21) text: Equity, inventory, cash flow... not to mention an enhanced stature in the community, and prepaid membership in the Salome Chamber of Commerce. For a moment, Doreen can only stare dumbly at Tin Cup, caught off guard by this unexpected turn of fortune. Then she starts to consider the idea more seriously. DOREEN
33) 40) text: S'okay... (beat) Look, just walk up to this woman, wherever she is, look her in the eye with those big beautiful green eyes of yours, let down your guard and don't try to be smooth or cool or whatever -- just be honest and take the risk -- you can do it! Tin Cup rises with new confidence. He does several deep breathing exercises, trying to work up the courage. She stares at him. And he walks right up to her. TIN CUP
59) 3) text: Yeah... and the first Mexican... The Winnebago pulls up to a guard gate -- A SECURITY GUARD comes to the window. A banner hangs above the entrance a few paces past the security gate, proclaiming: "Old Pines -- U.S. Open Championship." SECURITY GUARD
59) 5) text: Como esta, amigo. I have with me one of the legendary ball strikers in the history of golf -- The Security Guard strains to see in. SECURITY GUARD
59) 7) text: Roy 'Tin Cup' McAvoy. Representing the great American Southwest. The Guard backs off quickly, turns to his SECOND. SECURITY GUARD
59) 9) text: McAvoy -- Roy McAvoy -- he's a legend! SECURITY GUARD
59) 10) text: We got over 150 legends in this tournament. Sorry. Romeo starts cursing in Spanish.   The Guard is unphased. SECURITY GUARD
59) 16) text: What's the problem here? SECURITY GUARD
59) 18) text: Hiya, David... nice sweater. SECURITY GUARD
59) 20) text: Hiya, Roy... welcome to the big leagues... (checks the list) Here ya go, Charlie, his name's right here. (to Tin Cup) They spelled your name wrong -- easy mistake with a total unknown. SECURITY GUARD
59) 21) text: (to Cop) Let him in. Simms smiles at Tin Cup, the easy smile of a man on top. Tin Cup doesn't respond, just asks the Guard: TIN CUP
59) 24) dialog: (to Simms)