11) 6) text: Romeo! You wound me. I'm fond of the guy, going way back to our days at University of Houston, when we won all those titles together. ROMEO
11) 16) text: You ain't that friendly a guy... SIMMS
11) 24) text: I can't bring a guy in off the street to play in my tournament. It's a big-time event, corporate sponsors, thirty dollar tickets... I got a network to cover -- ROMEO
11) 27) text: This guy off the street, he could kick your ass on that golf course. Like he kicked your ass in junior golf. Like he kicked your ass in college. Like --
15) 13) text: He's not that good... he's definitely not that good... (etc.) 22   BACK TO the course -- a scuffle's breaking out. David Simms helping some guy over the gallery rope. Simms walks the guy back to his golf bag... and now Tin Cup understands what's happening, and:
37) 5) text: -- And big, beautiful green eyes -- I'm a beautiful guy. MOLLY
41) 29) text: Swear to God, Doc, this guy is not who you think. CLINT
41) 57) text: You guys are really being childish -- SIMMS
41) 69) text: You're gonna need to muscle up, big guy -- give it the old steroid jerk... Simms is cool as ice. He smiles, then moves around to the other side of the ball, suddenly facing away from the course. This baffles everyone.
43) 12) text: Oh, Tin Cup, what a crock.    You got a hard-on. A GUY from the next table leans over, interrupting.
43) 13) dialog: You `Tin Cup'?     Won the Local with a seven iron?
43) 21) text: Excuse me, Dor', the man's having trouble with his grip -- The Guy slides over to Tin Cup, quickly joined by his buddies. GUY
43) 22) text: See, I used to play a real weak grip. But you look at Couples, he's got a left hand way over here... Tin Cup glances at the guy's grip. TIN CUP
43) 23) text: No, grip it like this, so you're holding on with the last two fingers of your left hand. The Guy nudges the COWBOY next to him. GUY
52) 24) text: Well, not right at the moment -- but listen to me. You're with the wrong guy. I'm the right guy. Everyone tells me my face is all screwed up tight as a drum 'cause I've been crazy about you from the day you showed up wearing this stupid stuff and the whole damn thing has both inspired me to get here on the verge of greatness yet it's also caused me to get the shanks which could humiliate me in front of a zillion people. (beat) Such is life. So dump that phony bastard and come to the Open in my corner -- you can delay your romantic urges, which I know are lurking in there among the excess of brain cells you possess -- until the appropriate time... (beat) Tell me you're not at least moderately attracted to me. Tin Cup stands there with the ball still dangling from his hat, the leather straps, the bucket, the arrows -- for the moment he's forgotten how stupid he looks. MOLLY
66) 17) text: (to Tin Cup) You the guy shot 83?! MOLLY
83) 7) text: ... Rio Grande Short-Haul Trucking, Brink and Brown Sanitation, First State Bank of Salome, Wally's Smokehouse... You think a guy like me bothers to think about the percentages? --
85) 11) text: You boys a sight for sore eyes. We so damn sick of guys in blazers and slacks that don't wrinkle. It ain't natural 'round here... DOREEN