2) 2) text: Last call track three, Amtrak Clocker making it's final stop at Philadelphia's thirtieth street station. First two passenger cars only. First two cars only. A face inside the train watches the stream of passengers escalators. DAVID DUNNE, a man in his early forties, rest glass and quietly observes the movement outside. The train starts to pull out.
3) 0) text: David sits with his coat on his lap. He's wearing a tie. comfortable in it. He feels a stare. He looks up to find a girl, six or seve him from over the seat in front of him. She just gazes at He gives her a small forced smile. She doesn't react. Dav the window. His eyes begin to shut with the lulling movement of the t WOMAN(o.s.)
3) 1) text: You alone? David looks in the direction of THE VOICE. A WOMAN with d eyes stands in the aisle with two bags over her shoulder. white t-shirt and jeans. She's beautiful. David nods "yes." The woman starts putting her bags on the shelf above the get them up. Her toned stomach is exposed. She has a silv her navel. David has a gold ring on his hand. He fiddles with it. Be his wedding band. It goes into his coat pocket. The woman takes the seat next to him. Beat. A LOUD VIOLENT BURST OF SOUND. The passenger car sh train barrels by two feet from David's window. It passes car returns to a QUIET HUM. David pulls a magazine out from the seat pocket in front He holds the woman's fashion magazine out.
3) 2) dialog: Someone left these. You want one? The woman looks over the one being offered and then point Illustrated peeking out of the seat pocket. David pulls the magazine out and gives it to her.
3) 3) dialog: You like sports?
3) 5) dialog: What a coincidence? I'm a male synchronized swimmer and I'm looking for representation. WOMAN(smiling)
3) 7) dialog: But I'm afraid of water, so that's been holding my career back a little bit. The woman laughs.
3) 8) dialog: You represent someone in Philadelphia?
3) 10) dialog: Not really.
3) 12) dialog: I'm David Dunne. The woman looks up.
3) 14) dialog: How long are you staying in Philly? KELLY looks up from her Sports Illustrated. Her striking Beat. She holds up her hand. Taps the diamond ring on her finge KELLY(soft)
3) 15) text: I'm married. DAVID(fake excitement)
3) 19) dialog: I think you got the wrong idea. The woman stares at David. She looks down. Beat. Closes t
6) 6) dialog: Okay. He FLASHES A LIGHT in David's eyes.
6) 9) dialog: Fine. David stares across as the scene with the other patients disturbing.
6) 11) dialog: Against a window.
6) 13) dialog: Yes. Where are the rest of the passengers?
6) 15) dialog: No.
6) 17) dialog: No. David watches the other patient.
6) 19) dialog: Yes... Why are you looking at me like that? Beat.
6) 21) text: They only found two people alive so far... You and him. David looks to the other passenger now laying unnaturally whirlwind of activity around him.
7) 0) text: David moves through the depressing milky corridors of the set of double doors. A room crammed with cameras and photographers explodes wi A CHILD'S VOICE BREAKS THEIR NOISE.
8) 0) text: David eats a bowl of pasta alone in a modest kitchen. He Opens and closes it slowly. Beat. He rises and puts the bowl away in the sink.
9) 0) text: David stops just before rising the stairs. He glances int bottom of the stairs. The doorway is half open. He makes wife. Beat.
9) 1) dialog: I don't think I got the job in New York.
9) 3) dialog: I'm still going to New York. Just not this second.
9) 5) dialog: I know. Beat.
9) 6) dialog: How about in the meantime, you don't sleep in the guestroom anymore? (beat)
10) 0) text: David looks at his son asleep in his bed.
10) 1) dialog: Jeremy, why don't you go sleep with your mom? JEREMY(eyes closed)
10) 3) dialog: I think it's be better if I was alone. JEREMY(eyes closed)
10) 5) dialog: How about your room then? If you get scared like before, you can come back in here? Beat. Jeremy doesn't answer because he's asleep. David ru up. He turns on the t.v., low volume, as he moves into th
11) 0) text: Hot water rushes over David's face as he stands in the sh drawn to the t.v. which is seen through the slightly open He turns off the water to HEAR. NEWS ANCHOR(t.v.)
11) 3) text: Rescue teams will be working for the next forty-eight hours removing bodies and debris. David steps out of the shower. He sees a glimpse of Jerem shuts the door. Locks it. He gets back into the shower and turns the water back on. He closes his eyes. His face tightens up. He slowly hunch on the tiled floor of the shower. Water pours over him. B His muscular body begins to shake. Then we realize he's c
13) 0) text: WE EMERGE FROM BLACK to find news vans and reporters lini from a church. They have been cordoned off by a handful o recorded as they emerge from their cars and enter the chu David is among the arriving crowd. MAN(o.s.)
13) 1) text: David Dunne! At hearing his name, David turns back as he walks. He can called his name because all of them seem to react. A stor the group jockeys for the best angle of his troubled face David passes a magnetic board as he enters the church. It the families and friends of train 177."
14) 3) text: Glen Stevens, researcher in the area of Leukemia at Drexel University. We pray for your soul. David sits amongst the mourners in the standing room only to a woman two rows ahead of him. She's turned around, lo are red  from crying. David looks away. His eyes stop on an old man far to his away. Father, mother and daughter stare silently. David surveys the entire church... Desperate inconsolable existence from every direction. David has to look down.
15) 0) text: David and the priest who conducted the mass are alone in room. The priest looks in his fifties, eyes tired, blood
15) 1) dialog: I used to play football in college. In my first year as quarterback, we went on this winning streak. It just went on and on. It didn't matter who we played... I'd always win. (beat)
15) 7) dialog: Okay. Beat. The priest turns to David.
15) 9) dialog: What do you mean?
16) 0) text: No cameras greet his exit. No people anywhere. David walks across the now empty parking lot. His car is He walks to the driver's side. Pulls out his keys. That's His eyes catch sight of the GRAY ENVELOPE tucked under th his car. David moves forward and gently pulls it out. His name is turns it over. Two embossed words on the back. "Limited Edition"
16) 1) text: He opens the envelope. One line, handwritten, gazes at hi card. The line reads... "<i>How many days of your life have you been sick?</i>" Nothing else is written. David Dunne looks around the empty parking lot quietly.
17) 0) text: A poorly lit changing room. A row of metallic lockers sit bench splits the room. A brown folding table with Dunkin on it is crammed in the corner. A puke colored concrete f David and three other large men are changing out of their all put on the same yellow short sleeve shirts. The same all their backs... "Stadium Security" This ritual goes on without a word.
18) 0) text: David walks along the massive curved wall around the oute he passes the different walkways we get glimpses of the e sixty-thousand seat football stadium on the inside. David stops at a door marked "PERSONNEL".
19) 0) text: David knocks on the door as he steps into the cramped rec personnel office. The SECRETARY, an ancient woman with thick flabby arms ne never looks up as she talks.
19) 2) dialog: Is Noel in?
19) 5) dialog: Oh.
19) 7) dialog: Wow.
19) 9) dialog: That's a sad story. (beat)
19) 12) dialog: Ask if he can check how many sick days I've taken since I've worked here? Beat.
19) 14) dialog: Yes.
20) 0) text: Rain falls in sheets in the stadium. David stands at the entrance to a tunnel that empties out stands in an imposing dark green rain poncho and hood. Th the ground. The word 'security' on the back has almost fa see David's face under the hood. There is a football game in progress on the enormous fiel unusually small. There is no one in the stands. About fou the sidelines of the field watching the players. A soggy behind them declares, "The Pennslvania Elementary School David's eyes scan the tiny figures on the field. His eyes activity on the sidelines. Beat. David steps out into the rain.
21) 0) text: A handful of red faced fathers are yelling at each other. rain soaked faces. The scene feels on the verge of physic David and another security guard jog over. David steps in circle. The men stop yelling in the presence of stadium s stands in the rain glaring at each other. Beat.
21) 1) dialog: You know what I think about to calm down? I think about those big fat, hundred and twenty pound turtles that live in the islands. Those suckers never get angry, never get in fights and live longer than all of us and all they do all is sit on the beach and hump other turtles. (beat)
22) 0) text: David is the last one left. He's showered and back in his in the dimly lit room on the bench, lost in his thoughts He turns to find a somewhat pregnant looking man with a t NOEL.
22) 1) dialog: Hey Noel. Beat. He just stares.
22) 3) dialog: What?
22) 8) text: Are we done here? Beat. David nods, "Yes."
24) 0) text: David knocks again quietly. The guest bedroom door opens. Megan looks up at David. She's just woken up. MEGAN(low voice)
24) 1) text: Is Jeremy okay? DAVID(low voice)
24) 3) text: Oh. Beat. They both stand awkwardly for a moment. DAVID(low voice)
24) 4) text: I wanted to ask you a question. It'll sound strange, but just think about it for a second. Megan nods, "Yes." DAVID(low voice)
24) 6) text: I don't know. It's been a while. DAVID(low voice)
24) 8) text: Okay. DAVID(low voice)
24) 10) text: Not a specific day. What's this about? DAVID (low voice)
24) 11) text: Megan, do you ever remember me getting sick? Beat. DAVID(low voice)
24) 13) text: ...I can't remember. DAVID(low voice)
24) 15) text: It means we're probably to tired to remember. David becomes quiet as he thinks. Beat. MEGAN(low voice)
24) 16) text: Is that what you wanted to ask me? DAVID(low voice)
24) 19) text: ...When was the last time you wore pink? When was the last time you drank soup standing up? Final call for strange questions at two in the morning. DAVID(low voice)
24) 20) text: No that's it. David seems lost in his thoughts. MEGAN(low voice)
24) 22) text: The train thing, really shook him up. He's scared something's going to happen to you. He doesn't want to let you out of his sight. David stares at Megan. Beat. DAVID(low voice)
24) 23) text: Yeah. I know. There's silence for a bit. DAVID(low voice)
24) 25) text: The Mitchell barbecue three years ago. DAVID(realizing)
24) 27) text: Matching shirt and shorts. It was brutal. David half-smiles as Megan turns and starts back into the DAVID(low voice)
24) 29) text: Goodnight David. Megan closes the door slowly shut.
27) 30) dialog: I don't know for sure. (beat)
27) 31) text: ...I don't think so. David and Elijah quietly look at each other. Beat.
28) 0) text: Three chairs have been placed on the walkway in front of store. The words, "Limited Edition" are etched in the win David, Jeremy and Elijah are seated watching the people s is on his lap. Jeremy sips a drink in a paper cup.
28) 8) dialog: Seventy-five percent.
28) 10) dialog: Skeptical about what?
28) 14) dialog: In college. A car accident.
28) 18) dialog: You assumed wrong. Elijah closes his eyes. When his eyes open, the life forc diminished. Beat.
29) 0) text: David and Jeremy enter the store. Elijah leans on a walki the framed sketches. He gazes at it quietly.
29) 1) dialog: I think you skipped a couple steps. Elijah turns.
29) 2) dialog: You forgot the "Now I'm going to tell you what the hell is going on" step. See usually that comes before the, "It's over" Step. And it always, always comes before the "You can go" Step. (beat)
29) 7) text: I believe that comics, just at their core now... have a truth. They are depicting what someone, somewhere felt or experienced. Then of course that core got chewed up in the commercial machine and gets jazzed up, made titillating - cartooned for the sale rack. Elijah gazes at David.
29) 11) dialog: What was your idea Elijah? Beat. ELIJAH(soft)
29) 16) dialog: Jeremy don't take another sip of that drink. Jeremy looks down at the paper cup in his hands.
29) 17) dialog: Throw it in the trashcan near the door and wait for me outside. Do it now please. David waits for Jeremy to exit the store. Beat.
29) 18) dialog: At the church... You were following me weren't you?
29) 20) dialog: What's this about? This is obviously some scam. Is this where you tell me one of those pictures is like an investment?
29) 22) dialog: I see guys like you all the time in my work. You find someone you think is emotionally vulnerable and you tell them a fantastic story, utterly convincing... and somewhere in there, you slip it in... 'I just need your credit card number','I just need a small down payment.' David shakes his head. He smiles out of frustration. Beat
29) 23) dialog: Did you know that this morning was the first morning I can remember, that I didn't open my eyes and feel that sadness... Do you know what I'm talking about? That little bit of sadness? (beat)
29) 25) text: But I guess that's what you were counting on. Elijah stares carefully at David. Beat. David glances ove Jeremy watched through the window concerned.
29) 26) dialog: I'm going to leave now. (beat)
29) 27) text: Good luck with your sale. Elijah watches David walk towards the front door.
29) 31) dialog: I work at the stadium as a security guard. Beat. David closes the door behind him. Elijah watches th Jeremy takes David's hand as they cross the street. Elijah gazes out the window in a bit of a daze.
30) 5) text: I've come to a decision. DAVID(whisper)
30) 7) text: Let me just ask you something okay? And you can be totally honest. I'm prepared for any answer. It won't affect me... David nods, "yes." MEGAN(whisper)
30) 8) text: Have you been with anyone? Since we started having problems? The answer won't affect me. Beat. David stares at his wife. MEGAN(whisper)
30) 9) text: It won't affect me either way. Beat. David doesn't say anything. He just nods, "No." Megan's face starts to tremble. She starts crying. Tears affected face. She tries to wipe them away, but there's t MEGAN(soft)
32) 0) text: A line of ticket holders snakes towards two turnstiles wh ripping tickets. David Dunne stands to one side with two other security gu The fans moving through the turnstiles are clad in all ty paraphernalia. A group of girls carries a homemade banner tilts his head sideways. "We sleep with quarterbacks," is letters. David stares at a woman carrying a newborn infant in her wearing an eagles uniform. The WALKIE TALKIE on David's hip bursts to life. He pulls listens.
33) 0) text: David finds Elijah waiting to the side as the crowds funn Elijah offers his hand as he walks up. David doesn't take
33) 2) dialog: It's for last week's game.
33) 4) text: An ill advised purchase in the parking lot. David hands Elijah back the ticket.
33) 5) dialog: What do you want?
33) 8) dialog: We're not proceeding anywhere together.
33) 10) dialog: One more time. What is it you want? Beat.
33) 12) dialog: Are you for real?
33) 16) dialog: I got this job because my college coach called the guy who manages the stadium. There's no hidden meaning to it. David's walkie makes NOIES on his hip.
33) 17) dialog: They need me at the gate. David stares at Elijah leaning on his walking stick.
33) 18) dialog: Did you really want to see the game? I can get you in.
34) 0) text: The line of fans outside the gate has tripled in size and David and Elijah move along the line towards the turnstil
34) 1) dialog: It gets heaviest ten minutes before kickoff. David bumps a guy in line wearing an army jacket. David l continues walking. David moves to a security guard near the turnstiles.
34) 2) dialog: Why don't we pat down? David walks to his post near the gate and faces the crowd him.
34) 3) dialog: Just give me a minute.
34) 5) dialog: That guy in green. Sometimes people carry weapons in here. Then they drink too much. They're team isn't doing so well, bad things happen... We do random pat downs of the crowd to discourage people from carrying. (beat)
34) 6) text: If he's carrying, he'll step out of line. Elijah observes as a security team pats down random males the turnstiles. The GREEN ARMY JACKETED MAN moves forward in the line. Hi watches the pat down ahead of him. He's twenty people fro David eyes him. Fifteen people away... Ten... The man coughs and steps out of the line. Elijah watches melt into the thick part of the crowd and disappear as it stadium.
35) 3) dialog: I got you a seat in the seven hundred level. (points straight up)
35) 6) dialog: Probably the army jacket. Those guys carry hunting knives and stuff for show.
35) 8) dialog: I thought he was carrying something.
35) 10) dialog: I got this picture of a silver handled gun tucked in his pants. (beat)
35) 11) text: Like on t.v. Elijah stares at David. THE STADIUM CHEERS BOUNCE OFF THE
35) 13) dialog: Like what?
35) 15) dialog: Yes.
35) 17) dialog: I don't know what you're asking?
35) 19) dialog: Listen. I got to be on the sidelines during the game... You can get to your seat by taking the stairwell at-
35) 21) dialog: Okay, I don't want to play this game anymore.
35) 23) dialog: The guy might not have been carrying anything.
35) 25) dialog: I have to go now.
35) 27) dialog: Quick.
35) 29) dialog: Yes. My wife Megan. She was in the car with me. David turns and starts down the hall. David talks back ov
35) 30) dialog: Have a good life Elijah and try to buy your tickets at an authorized sales location. Elijah watches as the silhouetted figure of David Dunne j the tunnel.
38) 0) text: David's neighborhood turns crimson as the day comes to an pulls to a stop in front of a public high school. David s security clothes. The bus pulls away as he hears his SON' David turns to the high school football field behind him. having a touch football game. Jeremy runs out from the hu David.
38) 2) dialog: You know how mad your mom would be if she knew you were playing football? Jeremy nods.
38) 7) dialog: In under six seconds. (beat)
38) 8) text: I've heard. David watches the cornerback being surrounded by kids. He the kids feel his flexed bicep.
38) 9) dialog: I'm going to go in.
38) 11) dialog: Why'd you do that?
38) 13) dialog: Jeremy. (beat)
38) 16) dialog: I'm going to work out.
38) 18) dialog: There's nothing to do. Jeremy turns back to the children and waves. JEREMY(yells)
38) 19) text: I can't play! I'm working out with my dad! Jeremy turns back to his father and takes his hand. David who waits patiently.
39) 0) text: The basement is dominated by storage boxes and Christmas bench press and weights are in a cluttered corner. David sits and turns at the end of the bench as Jeremy la places fifteen a pound weight on the bar. David talks ove
39) 1) dialog: Why don't you rest now? I'll take it from here. You've been a big help. Jeremy goes to the opposite side of the bar and starts to
39) 3) dialog: No.
39) 5) dialog: No.
39) 7) dialog: No. David takes hold of the barbell. Beat. He takes a deep br The weight comes off the armrests of the bench. David low pushes it back up. He does just one more rep with serious weight back on the armrest and sits up.
39) 8) dialog: How much did you put on there? David twists around and looks back at the barbell. He cou circles. He turns back to Jeremy.
39) 9) dialog: You put too much. That's two hundred and fifty pounds.
39) 11) dialog: That's the most I've ever lifted. (beat)
39) 15) dialog: No.
39) 17) dialog: No Jeremy.
39) 19) dialog: No. David takes hold of the bar. Lifts it off the armrest. Br are straining hard again. He raises it and lowers it two effort. The weights bang down onto the armrest. David sits up.
39) 20) dialog: How much did you take off?
39) 22) dialog: You added? Jeremy nods, "Yes" slowly. David turns completely around and looks at the barbell. H on the steel bar. Beat. Nobody says anything for a long time. JEREMY(soft)
39) 23) text: How much is it? DAVID(soft)
39) 24) text: Two hundred and seventy. David just stares at the black steel circles on the metal sits on the bench next to his father. They both stare at JEREMY(dead serious)
39) 26) dialog: Okay.
40) 0) text: David's fingers wrap around the cold metal of the bar. He and looks to Jeremy.
40) 1) dialog: Why don't you move back a bit? Just to be safe. Jeremy moves back to the bottom of the stairs leading up Another deep breath as David heaves. The weight CLINKS as rest. David is full out straining now as he lowers and ra to tremble as he lifts it for the second time. BANG the w onto the rest. David sits up. He looks at his son whose eyes are wide. B
41) 0) text: An enormous amount of black discs sits on the bar. David' metal. He talks to Jeremy who stands in his position at the bott looking at him.
41) 1) dialog: You should never try anything like this. You know that right? Jeremy nods, "Yes."
41) 2) dialog: What do you do if something happens? JEREMY(soft)
41) 3) text: Get mom. David nods, "yes" before starting his deep breathing. He CLINK the weights comes off the rest. His arms are trembl face is locked in a grimace as he brings the bar down to again two times before dropping it onto the armrest. He slowly sits up.
41) 4) dialog: How many did you put on that time? JEREMY(soft)
41) 6) dialog: There's no more left? Jeremy nods, "no" in a slight daze. Beat. David looks aro
41) 7) dialog: What else can we use?
42) 0) text: A set of two unopened MAB satin finish paint cans are dan handles on the outside of each side of the weights. The fours cans sway a little as the bar is heaved off of are shaking hard. He raises the weight to it's apex and b touches his chest and rises up again. David's red straine powerfully as he straightens his arms. The bar lands on the armrest with A CRASH. The paint cans they swing to stillness, one at a time. Beat. David sits up and turns back to the weights. His mouth mo discs and the cans. His lips stop moving. Beat. JEREMY(soft)
42) 1) text: How much is it? David doesn't react. JEREMY(soft)
42) 2) text: How much is it dad? It takes a second for David to register the question. He DAVID(soft)
42) 3) text: About three hundred and forty. David turns and looks at his son. Jeremy's mouth is sligh his dad. Awe in his tiny eyes.
43) 0) text: David sits on the edge of the bathroom tub. He's just sho and a t-shirt. He sits still with his elbows resting on h white tiles of the floor. THE PHONE RINGS. David gets up and walks out of the bathroom. He picks up the bathroom doorway.
43) 1) dialog: Yeah, hello. WOMAN(on phone)
43) 2) text: Is David Dunne there? Beat.
43) 3) dialog: Megan? MEGAN(on phone)
43) 4) text: Yes. Is this David?
43) 5) dialog: Yeah? Megan where are you calling from? MEGAN(on phone)
43) 6) text: My name is Megan Inverso. We went to college together. David looks at the phone. The lights for line ONE and lin David squints his eyes as he pieces together the situatio He moves back into the bathroom. The cord stretches as he edge of the bathtub.
43) 7) dialog: I remember you. MEGAN(on phone)
43) 11) dialog: Yeah it might be nice. We hear A SOUND ON THE OTHER END OF THE PHONE. A SOUND MU
44) 0) text: The local Chinese restaurant. Red and gold plastic dragon A couple late-nighters are at the bar. Megan and David ar people left dining in the restaurant. They're a little dr kind of stunning.
44) 1) dialog: ...When you work with clients on machines, do they sometimes just jump up a level or two? Do something they didn't know they were capable of?
44) 6) dialog: What do I do when I'm around someone I know?
44) 8) text: Megan? David and Megan look over to the only other table of late get up from their table. A woman about Megan's age walks
44) 12) dialog: Hello. CLAIRE smiles as she stares at David. She turns to Megan. CLAIRE(mouths)
44) 13) text: He's cute. Claire turns back to David.
44) 15) text: I'm sorry, what's your name? Beat. David doesn't look up.
44) 16) dialog: David.
44) 19) text: I am so sorry. Megan nods. Claire quietly walks away form the table and joins her gr restaurant. Beat. Megan and David are the last one's left. They sit silentl looks at David's face. He's shaken. He slowly takes a sip of water and then taps his mouth wi
45) 0) text: It's late. NO LIGHTS ARE ON EXCEPT THE ONE IN THE HALL. T dyes hair and Buddy Holly glasses. David waits as she put
45) 2) dialog: Okay. David is not paying attention to the girl. He watches as coat and heads to the guest room. She turns before enteri his wife make eye contact. MEGAN(soft)
45) 3) text: Goodnight. David nods. Megan goes into her room. The guest door clos David finds the babysitter looking at him with an odd exp
45) 5) dialog: Thank you. David opens the front door for her.
45) 7) dialog: His room? The baby sitter nods with a smile as she walks out the fr
46) 0) text: David walks into the darkened child's bedroom. The lump o hears movement. He smiles when he sees David. JEREMY(whispered)
46) 1) text: I'm sleeping in my room. DAVID(soft)
46) 3) text: I'm not scared. DAVID(soft)
46) 5) text: Do you know why? David nods, "No." JEREMY(whispered)
46) 6) text: I know now. DAVID(soft)
46) 9) text: That man was right. Beat. David just stares at his son. Jeremy's eyes start t
46) 10) dialog: Jeremy. Jeremy opens his eyes. DAVID(soft)
46) 13) text: ...Don't worry, I won't tell anyone. Jeremy Dunne falls asleep. David Dunne stands in the dark Posters of comic book heroes don the walls around him.
49) 0) text: David Dunne stands in security uniform by a set of double the players locker room. Three walls of the locker room are lined with shiny locke has benches and massage tables. The far end of the room h About twenty players and trainers are scattered throughou in their own pre-game rituals. David watches as a massive muscular player takes a seat o removes his dress shirt. His body is covered in old bruis wincing a bit from the pain. A trainer begins to massage David just stares at the battered athlete. His gaze moves David stares at something in the crowded room then he sta He moves through the room of players and trainers. He mov the large room not occupied by anyone. David comes to a step at the foot of an Olympic bench pre free weights sit behind the press. David looks down at the thick silver bar. Three large bla side. Six in all. David looks back and glances at the double doors where he Beat. He looks to the twenty or so players and trainers i players have headphones on. Some are staring into space. phones... No one notices David Dunne as he reaches for a forty-five the weight rack. The huge disc slides onto the bar with almost NO SOUND... A matching forty-five pound disc goes on the other side.. And then David adds another. He matches it on the other s THE BENCH CREAKS just the slightest bit as David takes a No one notices the security guard lay back on the bench. David's hands take hold of the shiny bar. He closes his eyes... David's arms become tense. He pushes against the weight. His face turns deep red. He opens his eyes and stares at training. His face and arms are shaking... He keeps stari And then, without any fanfare, the bar lifts off the arm The weight hovers over David. He lowers it to his chest f arms aren't shaking anymore. He pushes the weights back u He carefully brings the bar back to the arm rest. It touc smallest of CLINKS. David's fingers uncurl from the bar. David lets out two slow soft breaths as he counts the thi DAVID(whispers)
49) 2) text: Five hundred. Beat. David sits up in a daze. He finds the entire room of athletes and trainers staring players have stood up. Everyone stares as David Dunne wit disbelief in their eyes.
51) 0) text: Eleven football players in white and green battle eleven and gray on the field. A sold out stadium watches the eve David stands at the lip of a tunnel that opens out onto t second level. Waves of people move from their seats throu bathrooms and concession stands and back again. David stares to the side away from the movement, his shou the wall. He looks over at the constant movement of spect tunnel. Beat. His shoulder leaves the wall. He STEPS OUT into the Shoulders and arms bump into him and brush by him as they David's eyes are looking down - his expression still - li He continues into the dead center of the tunnel. He's in movement now. Fans continue to brush against him as they And then it happens... A stocky woman bumps into him.
53) 0) text: David lets the waves of people move by him in the tunnel. A MAN WITH GRAY EYES and wearing a dark blue sweat shirt of nachos and drinks. He brushes David's arm as he passes
53) 8) dialog: We've had some problems with drug selling in this stadium. (beat)
53) 9) text: Would you mind if I checked the pockets of your sweatshirt? The gray eyed man stands eerily still with his nachos and just stare at each other, evaluating the situation. Peopl directions around them, unaware. The gray eyes man holds his tray of food to the side and David steps forward and reaches into his pockets. Beat. D from the pockets. They're empty. The gray eyes man brings his arms down. Beat. The walkie on David's hip COMES TO LIFE. David reaches do belt without removing his eyes from the man in front of h walkie to his mouth. DAVID(into walkie)
53) 11) text: There's a message for you at the office. Your kid was hurt. David's face changes. DAVID(into walkie)
53) 13) text: Just now. They want you to come down to his school. David lowers the walkie from his face. The gray eyed man Beat.
54) 0) text: Jeremy is seated in a chair with abrasions and cuts on hi a smaller boy with a thermometer in his mouth. They're both looking at the glass window of the nurse's p tow people inside talking. David and A WHITE HAIRED NURSE The THERMOMETER BOY pulls the thermometer out of his mout
55) 3) dialog: Megan handles that type of stuff.
55) 5) dialog: Jeremy's stuff. David feels uncomfortable as the nurse just stares at him his seat.
55) 6) dialog: So do I need to put any smelly ointments on him or anything? The white haired nurse nods, "no."
55) 9) dialog: What was that?
55) 11) text: You don't remember me do you? David nods, "no."
55) 14) text: Did you know we changed the conduct rules of the pool because of you? David nods, "no" slowly.
55) 18) dialog: Yes I am.
56) 0) text: David and Jeremy are seated on a bench at a Septa bus sto waiting with them. Jeremy talks without making eye contact with his dad. JEREMY(soft)
56) 4) text: I'm not like you. David moves closer to Jeremy on the bench.
56) 5) dialog: You are like me. We both can get hurt. I'm just an ordinary man. (beat)
57) 0) text: David stares at his bowl of pasta. He sits alone in the k He gets up, slides the pasta in the trash and moves to th David is rinsing out the bowl when Megan walks in. David
57) 2) dialog: He's dealing with a lot of things. (beat)
57) 5) text: A good weird. David looks at Megan. They stand silently in an awkward p
57) 6) dialog: Would you like to try going-
57) 8) dialog: -out again. Beat. David smiles.
57) 9) dialog: But if we see another mother from Jeremy's school, me name is Juan. I always wanted to be a Juan. Megan smiles softly back. Beat.
57) 11) dialog: Jesus. Megan sees David's shocked expression.
57) 13) text: Jeremy what the hell are you doing? Megan suddenly realizes David is looking over her shoulde Megan turns around. She SCREAMS. Jeremy is standing in the doorway to the kitchen. He's cr outstretched hands is the HAND GUN FROM DAVID'S CLOSET. I David. JEREMY(crying)
57) 16) dialog: -Jeremy did you load that gun? Jeremy nods, "Yes." Crying harder now. JEREMY(crying)
57) 18) dialog: -Elijah was wrong.
57) 21) text: -I'll show you. David starts moving a little to his right. Jeremy follows the handgun. David stops moving.
57) 22) dialog: -You know the story about the kid who almost drowned in the pool? Jeremy stops moving.
57) 23) dialog: -That was me they were talking about. I almost died. That was me. JEREMY(crying)
57) 25) dialog: -I'm not. I just didn't connect it.
57) 29) dialog: -Jeremy listen to what- Jeremy starts pressing the trigger. The hammer clicks bac
57) 31) dialog: -Jeremy if you pull that trigger I'm going to leave! I'm going to go to New York. Jeremy freezes. David flashes a desperate glance at Megan
57) 32) dialog: You're right... If you shoot me, that bullet is going to bounce off me and I won't get hurt... but then I'm going to go upstairs and pack. And then leave to New York. Beat. JEREMY(crying)
57) 33) text: -Why? Jeremy's hands are trembling. He starts to close his eyes level with David's chest. DAVID(loud)
57) 34) text: Jeremy! Jeremy's eyes open. DAVID(loud)
57) 37) text: Two!... Jeremy puts the gun down on the floor in front of him and Megan leans against the refrigerator and slides down to a tiled floor. David walks over and picks up the gun. He unloads the bul bends down very slowly and takes a seat on the kitchen fl Jeremy is the last to sit down. He takes a seat in the do Beat. He wipes his eyes with the back of his hand. Beat. JEREMY(soft)
59) 0) text: Elijah opens the door. It takes him a bit, because of the David stares at Elijah's damaged condition. Beat.
59) 8) text: They turned him into a garden variety hero later... Then he was brave all the time. Elijah turns to David.
59) 11) text: Were you really injured in that car accident in college? David looks unsteady all of the sudden.
59) 18) text: I now believe you are the genuine article Mr. David Dunne. The kind of person we knew existed, from our history. Elijah points to the room full of pictures.
59) 20) text: Bad is winning. I can feel it. Elijah looks at David with deep admiration. His voice cra of his words. Beat. David doesn't take his hands out of his pockets. DAVID(rattled)
59) 23) dialog: Stop messing with my life Elijah. My son almost shot me last night. He wanted to prove you were right.
59) 25) dialog: You have a problem, Elijah. My wife is right. Somewhere along the line one of your bones broke and your mind just broke with it. Beat.
59) 27) dialog: No. And I have been sick. I spent a week in a hospital when I was a boy recovering from pneumonia and almost drowning.
59) 28) dialog: Two skinny eight year old kids were playing around the pool. They were dunking me. I swallowed water. They didn't know it and they almost killed me. (beat)
59) 29) text: Heroes don't get killed like that. Normal people do. Beat. Elijah seems shaken for the first time. David stare
59) 30) dialog: I don't want to see you again okay. (soft)
59) 31) text: Now I'm finished. David turns and starts for the entrance. The BELL OF THE Dunne leaves the store.
60) 0) text: David exits the Limited Edition and moves down the street He bumps a man in a jacket and tie walking in the opposit
61) 0) text: A superhero action figure and a plastic villain do battle David sits dressed up in a white shirt and dress pants. H Jeremy holds the superhero. Megan enters the room in a beautiful brown dress.
61) 3) dialog: But I put cologne on. Megan smiles.
63) 0) text: LATE EVENING. A trendy restaurant. Not enough light to re David and Megan are on stools at one end of the bat. They they appear in deep thought.
63) 1) dialog: ...I think rust.
63) 3) dialog: As a color, not as rust. You know, a rust colored paint or wood? Megan leans slightly closer.
63) 5) dialog: My turn. What's your favorite song?
63) 7) dialog: What was that?
63) 9) dialog: Soft and Wet. That's very interesting.
63) 11) text: When was the first time the thought popped into your head that we might not make it? David's grin slowly fades.
63) 12) dialog: That's not the game. Megan moves her stool closer. They're only a foot or so a
63) 14) dialog: I'm not sure.
63) 16) dialog: What about the game?
63) 19) dialog: I had a nightmare one night and I didn't wake you up so you could tell me it was okay. (beat)
63) 24) dialog: Yes. Megan's face tenses. She's on the verge of getting upset.
63) 26) dialog: I don't know Megan.
64) 0) text: Megan stands next to David as he pulls out his wallet. Th black dyed hair and Buddy Holly glasses stands ready to l
64) 2) dialog: Who called through? Megan tries to hide her smile.
64) 8) text: I let the answering machine pick up the other call. The babysitter fixes her Buddy Holly glasses as she looks quiet faces. David hands her the money. She opens the door. It's start
64) 12) text: This is our second time around David. I don't expect us to get carried away. (beat)
65) 0) text: Only the COUNTER LIGHT is on in the kitchen. David stands ELIJAH'S VOICE IS HEARD ON THE ANSWERING MACHINE. ELIJAH(on tape)
65) 1) text: ...David. It's Elijah. It was so obvious. It's referred to over and over. That's the key you see. The repetition across time. That means at some point it was all based on common thought, a common event - a fact. (beat)
65) 7) text: You hearing me David? Call me back... I got rugby practice in an hour.
66) 0) text: The master bedroom is very narrow. A bathtub and toilet a identical sinks sit opposite each other. David sits on the edge of the tub. His shirt is unbuttone staring at the tiled floor. His eyes slowly move to a small white and red box laying the sinks. David rises and picks it up. It's a BOX OF BAND AIDS. David looks up to Megan's sink. on its edge. David opens her mirrored cabinet. He starts to put the ba hesitates. His eyes begin to roam the cabinet shelves. They stop on
68) 0) text: Rain falls like gunfire from the sky. David's car pulls into the massive rain station parking l David steps out and pulls the hood of the poncho over his
69) 0) text: A steel fence leads to a set of stairs that travel down t interconnected tracks below. David walks down about forty with a lock stops his progress. David looks through the fence down to the tracks. Just to construction site. Cranes and lifts and various equipment next to the section of train wreckage that has been broug grounds for dismantling and salvaging. The bent shapes of only be glimpsed in outlines as they sit in the darkness, from the immaculately lit train station. Beat. A HUGE METALLIC CRACK ECHOES THROUGH THE TRAIN YARD fence door that holds him back from going down.
70) 0) text: Frightening twisted pieces of metal glisten in the rain. body of the caved-in passenger car. The passenger car is split in two. Just before the tear, the windows have been crushed in. A huge hole has been ri exposing the ravaged interior. David stands before this heavily damaged area of the car. wreckage. Water falls off the rim of his hood in front of His eyes drift over the ominous pieces of deformed metal. breaths as THE SOUNDS OF HARSH RAIN FADE AWAY TO SILENCE.
71) 0) text: SILENCE. BLACK. OUR VISION CLEARS TO REVEAL the glazed ic THE SOUND OF DISTANT FIRE COMES INTO THE SILENCE. A TWENTY YEAR OLD DAVID DUNNE rises to his feet from the laying amongst the fragmented pieces of windshield. He lo football jacket is torn. So are his jeans... He's trembli bleeding. HE LOOKS UP TOWARDS THE NOISES. About thirty feet away is a Honda, upside down, wrapped a It's front is on fire. Through one of the crushed door windows, WE SEE A WOMAN'S Young David heads toward his car. He slips a couple of ti surface of the road. He kneels down next to the inverted car. He looks in the THE FACE OF A TWENTY YEAR OLD MEGAN IS UPSIDE DOWN. She i
71) 1) dialog: Megan... She doesn't answer. Her body is twitching as it sits pinn David pulls at the handle of the mangled door. It's wedge The heat from the fire is tremendous. David's powerful arms keep pulling with all their strengt
71) 4) dialog: Megan? He just stares at her. She doesn't respond. A LIGHT WASHES OVER THEM. David turns to see a truck appr David waves frantically. The truck slows. David turns back to Megan. Her eyes are open. Tears fall from David's face as he moves the hair out of David. MEGAN(soft)
71) 6) dialog: Me too. The driver of the truck slips and slides his way over to
71) 8) dialog: I think her leg is fractured.
72) 0) text: David stands utterly still in the graveyard of train 177.
74) 1) text: David, it's okay to be afraid. Because this part won't be like a comic book... Real life doesn't fit into little boxes that were drawn for it. David stands in a quiet corner and watches the faces of p departing late night trains. Even at the late hour, there throughout the station. ELIJAH(v.o.)
74) 2) text: Go to where people are... You won't have to look very long. David stares out at the midnight travelers. Beat. He star He passed the towering black statue standing at the far e watches over the whole building. It's in the form of an a to heaven. David moves through the first group of people - a crisscr passengers from tracks one and two. They brush by him and they move.
75) 0) text: The man in the orange uniform walks in the driving rain d block. Almost all the lights in the middle class homes he this late hour. No one is out walking except him and Davi behind. The orange figure turns the corner onto a block of modest uniformed man walks slower in this block. He looks around He turns into a driveway of one of the homes. He stops an out of the mailbox. David stands with the hood of his security coat covering stands in the shadows and watches silently as the man in over his massive shoulder before turning a knob and enter house through a familiar side door with a screen on it.
76) 0) text: The side door opens with almost no sound. The hooded figu into a narrow laundry room. THE SOUND OF A TELEVISION IS A very large pile of unopened mail sits in a mound on the three days worth. David shuts the door very slowly.
78) 0) text: A BOXING MATCH BLARES ON THE TELEVISION. Empty beer bottl a pyramid on the coffee table. David steps into the unoccupied room. His movements are s
79) 0) text: Three closed doors converge on a landing. David opens the It's a young girl's room. Posters of boy bands are on her everywhere. The room is empty.
80) 0) text: A slightly overweight girl, probably fourteen years old i with a phone cord to the metal towel rack in her bathroom pointed upward over her head. He knees tucked up to her c Next to her is her younger brother. A skinny boy, maybe t seated in the same way. Their heads are leaned back against their arms. They're c half mast. They watch as the door to the bathroom opens a figure of David Dunne steps in. His long dark slowing rai water. He stands in the doorway for a moment before movin They don't react in anyway as David reaches for the phone They're arms flop to their laps as they gaze up at the fi They boy blinks once slowly. David takes a step back and stares at them from under his
80) 1) dialog: You need to leave now.
81) 0) text: An exercise bike in the corner of the bedroom has been tu hanger long ago. The t.v. across the bed has framed famil top of it. David's shadow passes over them as he moves towards the o other side of the bedroom. A woman is tied to the bathroom door handle. She sits on against the door. Her eyes stare blankly at the ground. S bruises on her face and arms. David stands before her. DAVID(soft)
81) 1) text: Where is he? The woman doesn't answer, but a SOUND COMES FROM THE SCRE curtains draping the screen door move with the wind from David crosses the room and pushes aside the curtain. It l An empty lawn chair is the only thing on it. David steps onto the balcony and looks down. The rain still pours down unmercifully. It comes down on a pool in the backyard. David turns to go back inside. A BLURR OF ORANGE ATTACKS HIM. The collision is sudden and explosive. The huge man drive David's chest and takes him off his feet. David's body fl The dark green rain poncho flaps in the wind as he falls towards the black tarp.
82) 0) text: David lands on his stomach with a TREMENDOUS SLAP onto th There's a thin layer of rain water on the tarp's surface. cheek. Half his face is covered in water. Beat. David's exposed eye looks around in a daze. The sur pounded by the rain. David uses his hands to push his body off the tarp. His h as his pressure pushes the tarp down. THE FIRST SOUNDS OF NYLON SLIDING AGAINST CONCRETE START. David stops pushing. His vision catches the corner of the tarp slides out from under the sand bags that hold it in The tarp sags. David becomes utterly still. THE SOUND CON One by one the tarp starts sliding out from under the san edge of the pool. And then without warning, the tarp caves in. It folds aro tarp get pulled UNDER THE COLD DARK WATER.
83) 0) text: David's body is tangled in the pool cover. His legs and a constricting black tarp. He's drowning.
84) 0) text: The man in the orange one-piece uniform stands over the w handle of the bathroom. His back is to us. He's drinking looks down at her. He doesn't notice the third presence come into the room. closer. Right behind him. The man in orange takes another sip of his beer, not real over him... He doesn't get to swallow the sip in his mout David Dunne's powerful arm wraps around the man's thick n together like and iron vise. He squeezes. The man's beer bottle crashes to the ground as his neck b David yanks back hard, pulls the man off balance. The man violently, sending both of them backwards across the room stop as David's back gets RAMMED INTO THE BEDROOM WALL. The huge man in orange pulls away and then SLAMS DAVID ha David's arm remains locked around his throat. The man becomes frantic. His face turning dark red. He cl He spins, taking David with him into another wall. The IM room shakes. David holds on. His face bent low and hidden And then the man in orange throws a powerful elbow back. David's side. David groans. The huge man delivers another blows. WE HEAR THE IMPACT OF EACH ONE WITH DAVID'S BODY. The elbows slow and then stop. The legs of the man in ora David pulls him back onto his heels. He turns him in a ha tremendous weight is hanging from David's arm now. David APPLIES ALL HIS STRENGTH. The man's legs stop kicking. David keeps turning him. The man's body goes completely l dragging two hundred and seventy-five pounds of weight in carpet now. David slowly comes to a stop. He stands there with his ar man's neck....The man's limbs dangle down to the ground. David's hands let go of each other. His arm slips out fro The man in orange crumples to the ground like a rag doll. ROOM IS DAVID'S HEAVY BREATHING. Beat. He moves to the woman slumped against the door. He starts cords that bind her wrists to the handle. He whispers to DAVID(soft)
84) 2) text: Your children are fine. They're getting help. He unties her wrists. Her arms stay above her head where DAVID(soft)
84) 3) text: I'm going to go now. He stares at the woman whose eyes stare blankly at him. S still against the door with her arms above her head. The down her face and dried, has tracks where countless tears David moves his hand near her mouth and nose. He checks f against his hand. Beat. He rises up. Removes his hood. David Dunne stands silentl of someone's house and gazes at the dead woman frozen in against her bathroom door.
86) 0) text: David enters the quiet of Jeremy's room. Jeremy lays soun down at the shadowy figure of his son. He pulls the blanket over the boy's small shoulder.
87) 0) text: David sits on the edge of the empty bed in the darkness o He doesn't makes a sound. He doesn't move an inch. He is disappear into the shadows of the room.
88) 0) text: Megan stirs in her sleep. She shifts her head on the pill Then her body RISES INTO THE AIR. She starts to wake as she floats across the room. She ope David close by. He's carrying her in her arms. He moves u No words are spoken.
89) 0) text: They enter their bedroom. David lays her down gently on h She watches as he walks out of sight. He lays down right He covers her with his arm... His hand is shaking. Beat. DAVID(soft)
89) 1) text: I had a bad dream. David tucks his head in close to hers and closes his eyes Megan lays stunned in her husband's arms. Beat. MEGAN(soft)
91) 0) text: The compact store is crowded with customers. David spots Elijah with a group of people before a framed hero. David moves to a less crowded area of the store and waits a framed sketch. Beat. An older woman walks over from a near by picture an
91) 2) dialog: He doesn't look very threatening.
91) 4) dialog: Are you Elijah's mother? The woman turns and looks at David for the first time.
91) 6) dialog: It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm David Dunne.
91) 8) dialog: We are. David looks across the store at Elijah talking with the c
91) 9) dialog: He's doing well today.
91) 13) dialog: He's kind of a miracle.
91) 17) text: It has begun. David stares quietly at the sketch of himself.
91) 36) text: There are millions and millions or mediocre people in the world David. Isn't it great that we aren't one of them? David looks like he stopped breathing as he backs up in t Customers step between him and Elijah. Elijah becomes obs from view.
92) 0) text: David emerges from the store slowly. He braces himself ag then keeps on walking in a nightmarish daze. WE PULL BACK as David Dunne blends in with dozens and doz walking on an ordinary street, in an ordinary city.