25) 2) dialog: No more sitting in this room. I've let it go on long enough.
25) 4) dialog: You can't do anything about that. You might fall between that chair and this television. If that's what God has planned for you, that's what's going to happen. You can't hide from it in your room. Elijah just sits staring at the dark television screen.
25) 6) dialog: ...You make this decision now to be afraid... (beat)
25) 8) dialog: ...I got a present for you.
25) 10) dialog: Forget why. Do you want it or not? Elijah thinks it over. He nods, "Yes."
25) 11) dialog: Well, go get it then.
25) 13) dialog: On a bench, across the street. Elijah looks at his mother with disbelief.
25) 14) dialog: You calling me a liar? She points to the window. Beat. Elijah gets up and moves the room. The view from his room looks out over a narrow street. On street is a public playground. A handful of children are There are three benches to one side of the swings. On one PACKAGE wrapped in brown paper with a bow on it. Elijah looks to his mom who has joined him at the window.
25) 16) dialog: Then you better get out there soon.
26) 1) dialog: I bought a whole bunch. They'll be one of these waiting for you, every time you want to come out here. Beat.
26) 2) dialog: They said this one has a surprise ending. Elijah looks to his mother. His intelligent piercing eyes moment. He looks back down at his lap. He opens the first page...
91) 5) dialog: I am. I'm helping him with the sale.
91) 7) dialog: He's spoken of you. He says you're becoming friends.
91) 10) dialog: I'm very proud of him. (beat)
91) 14) dialog: Yes he is. They both watch Elijah from across the room.
91) 15) dialog: I'll tell him you're here. David watches as Elijah's mother walks across the store a finish talking. David turns back to the framed sketch. He looks at it wit pockets. Beat. David's stare turns into a gaze. His gaze turns into stil THE SKETCH is of a withered man with large tense eyes. He He's seated in some type of machine. There are lots of bu machine. The machine has wheels. David turns from the sketch. He looks across the room to wheelchair. Elijah's large eyes stay focused on the custo negotiating. David turns back to the sketch. He looks at it with growi you look at drawing, the more the machine the man is seat wheelchair. David looks back across the store. Elijah and his mother spotted David. Beat. Elijah starts across the crowded store towards Davi