12) 5) dialog: I won't get hurt momma! I'm safe!
12) 12) text: Elijah baby... Then her face appears as she finds the cup-like seat Elij scream. Elijah lays on the bottom of the compartment. One arm is other is curved horrifically like an "s". His mouth is op bulging. The last thing we HERE ARE THE SHORT DESPERATE B old child about to black out from the pain.
25) 3) dialog: I'm not going out anymore. I'm not getting hurt again. This was the last time. I told you.
25) 5) dialog: They call me Mr. Glass at school. Cause I break like glass. Elijah's face is tense. Unyielding. Beat. Elijah's mother says the next words in almost a whisper.
25) 7) text: And you'll never turn back your whole life. You'll always be afraid. Elijah's eyes move from the television to his mother. He face. Neither says anything for a while. Beat.
25) 9) dialog: Why?
25) 12) dialog: Where is it?
25) 15) dialog: Someone's gonna take it. Beat.
26) 0) text: Elijah walks across the playground. He's very wary of the about him. He walks towards the bench with the present on it. Takes on his lap. It's flat. The edges of the bend down over hi He undoes the white bow. He peels off the clear tape hold together. He unfolds the paper. Beat. Elijah stares down at the single comic book in his lap. He feels the shadow of his mother. She takes a seat next
27) 2) dialog: It's a classic depiction of good versus evil. Notice the square jaw of Slayer - common in most comic book heroes. And the slightly disproportionate size of Jaguaro's body to his head. This again is common, but only in villains... The thing to notice about this piece... The thing that makes it very, very special... is its realistic depiction of its figures. When the characters eventually made it into the magazine they were exaggerated... as always happens. (beat)
27) 5) dialog: You've made a considerably wise decision. Elijah starts to the back of the store which we now see i gallery where all the framed pictures are images and sket
27) 7) dialog: Once again please?
27) 9) dialog: How old is Jeb?
27) 11) dialog: No. Elijah starts back to the businessman shaking his head st
27) 12) dialog: No, no, no, no no... You need to go now.
27) 14) dialog: Do you see any Telletubbies around here?... Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name printed on it?... Do you see a little Asian child with a blank expression sitting outside in a mechanical helicopter that shakes when you put a quarter in it?... No?... Well that's what you see at a toy store? Any you must think this is a toy store, cause you're in here shopping for an infant named Jeb. One of us has made a gross error and wasted the other person's valuable time... Elijah's eyes pierce through the shaken man.
27) 15) dialog: This is an art gallery my friend. This is piece of art... Elijah points at the sketch.
27) 16) dialog: This is one of seventeen original drawings by Fritz Champion remaining in the world. It's value will triple every year... This piece is to be treasured. To be cherished... To be coveted by every single one of your banker friends that think they're better than you. The business man stares at the sketch with large eyes. Be
27) 18) dialog: I'm listening.
27) 20) dialog: What about Jeb?
27) 22) dialog: Will it be near a window?
27) 24) dialog: Come back in three days. I'll think about it. Elijah starts to the back. He passes the front door as tw Elijah talks over his shoulder to them.
27) 25) dialog: We're by appointment only.
27) 27) dialog: Congratulations, you have a mailbox... The sale isn't for two weeks.
27) 29) dialog: You've never been sick?
27) 31) text: ...I don't think so. David and Elijah quietly look at each other. Beat.
27) 32) dialog: Well if this ain't a riddle worthy of the Riddler?
28) 0) text: Three chairs have been placed on the walkway in front of store. The words, "Limited Edition" are etched in the win David, Jeremy and Elijah are seated watching the people s is on his lap. Jeremy sips a drink in a paper cup.
28) 1) dialog: So let's get some of the usual questions out of the way. Why am I using a cane? Raise your hand if you were thinking that. Jeremy raises his hand.
28) 2) dialog: I fractured my leg. It's the fifth time I've done that particular bone. It didn't really heal well this time.
28) 3) dialog: Raise your hand is you're wondering who the hell breaks the same bone five times? Jeremy and David raise their hands.
28) 4) dialog: I have something called Osteogenesis Imperfecta. It's a genetic disorder. I don't make this particular type of protein very well and it makes my bones very low in density, very easy to break. I've had fifty-four breaks in my life. I have the tamest version of the disorder... Type one. (beat)
28) 6) text: That ends our lecture on the medical anomaly known as Elijah Price. Elijah stares at his two rapt listeners.
28) 7) dialog: How certain are you that you haven't been sick in your life?
28) 9) dialog: Seventy-five percent? That's not nearly good enough for me. I'm extremely skeptical.
28) 11) dialog: Your answer to my question. It's one thing to have never been injured in your life, but to state that you've never taken ill, well that's a whole new level.
28) 13) dialog: What's he talking about?
28) 15) dialog: Was it serious? David nods.
28) 17) dialog: I assumed because of the train.
28) 19) dialog: It's over. (beat)
28) 20) text: You can go now. Elijah uses his cane to get up and walk back through the
29) 0) text: David and Jeremy enter the store. Elijah leans on a walki the framed sketches. He gazes at it quietly.
29) 4) dialog: The life of an idea that has lived too long in my head. David stares at Elijah impatiently.
29) 5) dialog: There are probably only four or five individuals in the world who can claim more knowledge of comics than myself. I've spent a third of my life in a hospital bed with nothing else to do but read. I have studied the form intimately. I have seen the patterns in them... The references to social and cultural events and the atmosphere that surrounded them. I've come to believe that comics are our last link to the ancient way of passing on history.
29) 6) dialog: The Egyptians drew pictures on walls about battles, and events. Countries all around the world still pass on knowledge through pictorial forms. (beat)
29) 7) text: I believe that comics, just at their core now... have a truth. They are depicting what someone, somewhere felt or experienced. Then of course that core got chewed up in the commercial machine and gets jazzed up, made titillating - cartooned for the sale rack. Elijah gazes at David.
29) 8) dialog: This city has had its share of disasters. Well publicized ones. It was around the time of that plane crash, when it first entered my head. And there it stayed, as I waited and watched the news over the years... (beat)
29) 13) text: A person who can't be hurt like the rest of us. A kind of person they were talking about in those stories. Elijah points at the framed comic sketches. ELIJAH(soft)
29) 19) dialog: Technically no. I gambled that you would attend the church service. I just waited for you. David glares at Elijah.
29) 21) dialog: You've misunderstood.
29) 25) text: But I guess that's what you were counting on. Elijah stares carefully at David. Beat. David glances ove Jeremy watched through the window concerned.
29) 27) text: Good luck with your sale. Elijah watches David walk towards the front door.
29) 28) dialog: What type of job do you have David? David opens the door. He looks back at Elijah.
29) 29) dialog: You mentioned you've met 'guys like me' in your work. (beat)
33) 0) text: David finds Elijah waiting to the side as the crowds funn Elijah offers his hand as he walks up. David doesn't take
33) 1) dialog: They said I couldn't get in with my ticket. Elijah offers him the ticket. David inspects it.
33) 3) dialog: I've come to understand that... (beat)
33) 4) text: An ill advised purchase in the parking lot. David hands Elijah back the ticket.
33) 6) dialog: Not money. (beat)
33) 9) dialog: We've already begun. David looks around.
33) 11) dialog: Why is it, do you think, that of all the professions in the world... you chose protection?
33) 13) dialog: You could have poured coffee in Starbucks, you could have learned to install track lighting in office buildings, you could have told people their horoscopes on the internet... You could have been one of ten thousand things... but in the end, you chose to protect people. You made that decision... and I find that very, very interesting. (beat)
33) 14) text: Now all I need is your credit card number. Beat. Elijah smiles.
33) 15) dialog: That last part was a joke. David fights it. But he smiles anyway. Beat.
34) 0) text: The line of fans outside the gate has tripled in size and David and Elijah move along the line towards the turnstil
34) 4) dialog: Is there a problem?
34) 6) text: If he's carrying, he'll step out of line. Elijah observes as a security team pats down random males the turnstiles. The GREEN ARMY JACKETED MAN moves forward in the line. Hi watches the pat down ahead of him. He's twenty people fro David eyes him. Fifteen people away... Ten... The man coughs and steps out of the line. Elijah watches melt into the thick part of the crowd and disappear as it stadium.
35) 0) text: AN UNLIT arched concrete passageway. The SUNLIGHT from th causing long shadows. Elijah stands waiting in the ground tunnel by himself.
35) 5) dialog: How did you know that man you bumped was carrying a weapon?
35) 7) dialog: You thought he was carrying a knife? Beat.
35) 9) dialog: But not a knife?
35) 11) text: Like on t.v. Elijah stares at David. THE STADIUM CHEERS BOUNCE OFF THE
35) 12) dialog: You have good instincts when it comes to things like that?
35) 14) dialog: Telling when people have done something wrong? Beat.
35) 16) dialog: Have you ever tried to develop it?
35) 18) dialog: You're skill. Beat.
35) 20) dialog: Characters in comic books are often attributed special powers. X-ray vision, things of that sort. David exhales slowly as he stares at Elijah.
35) 22) dialog: It's an exaggeration of the truth. Maybe it's based on something as simple as instinct. Like being able to touch someone and tell whether they've done something wrong... Or the level of what they've done wrong.
35) 24) dialog: Or he might have been carrying a silver handled gun tucked in his pants. David's WALKIE ERUPTS WITH NOISE.
35) 26) dialog: One last question. Beat.
35) 28) dialog: The car accident you were in... Was there anyone else involved? The two men stand very still in the tunnel.
36) 0) text: We are inside a customized car. The dashboard is covered foam padding. The steering wheel and gear shift have the corner and hard surface has been safe guarded. Elijah sit his car in the parking lot of the stadium. He sits as tho Beat. He finally reaches for the keys and starts up the car. He mirror and sees the man in the GREEN ARMY JACKET pass beh Elijah quickly turns and sees the man moving through the of the parking lot. Elijah takes a deep breath and turns off the engine.
37) 0) text: Elijah's walking stick makes RHYTHMIC CLICKS on the concr The figure in the army jacket seems to move farther away Elijah starts breathing harder. He pushes himself to move hard chrome bumpers and tailpipes that jut out from the c pace through the lot. He gains on the army jacket. ELIJAH(calls out)
37) 1) text: Hold up for a second! The man in the army jacket turns as he reaches a subway e end of the parking lot. He looks back at Elijah for a bea sees. He disappears into the subway entrance. Elijah quickens into a jog now. He hasn't done this in a He makes it with great strain to the subway. He looks into the entrance... A steep flight of stairs leads to the subway floor. The t is glimpsed before it disappears. Elijah breathes hard as he takes hold of the railing. ELIJAH(calls out)
37) 2) text: I just want to ask you something! Elijah's VOICE ECHOES down the stairs. No response. Elijah starts his descent. THE SOUND OF A SUBWAY PULLING IN ROARS UP THE STAIRS. Elijah has to move fast. He takes the steps with less and moving with great agility... and then his foot catches on His hand slips away from the railing... He falls down the remaining part of the stairs. The FIRST heard when his hand reaches out to stop his fall. The SECOND CRACK IS MORE LIKE A CRUNCH AS HIS LEG LANDS A STAIRS. He comes to a stop in a pile on the dirty gum stained flo landing. His jaw is locked in a HORRIFIC SCREAM THAT GETS THE SUBWAY TRAIN PULLING IN. His contorted anguished face sees the turnstiles of the s green army jacketed man looks back at Elijah with a blank through the turnstile. The last thing Elijah sees before he blacks out, is the t riding up as he move through the turnstile. The SILVER HA from the belt of his pants.
47) 0) text: Elijah's cheek rests against two pristine white pillows. eyes are fixed on some abstract point in the room. WE HEA The torso of a PHYSICIAN can be seen on the other side of speak but never see his face. PHYSICIAN(o.s.)
47) 2) dialog: They call me Mr. Glass. Beat. PHYSICIAN(o.s.)
47) 4) dialog: Kids. Elijah just keeps staring. PHYSICIAN(o.s.)
47) 5) text: Shall I continue? Beat. Elijah's head nods the slightest bit up and down. PHYSICIAN(o.s.)
47) 6) text: Pins were placed throughout the length of the leg. The use of a wheelchair will be needed for a two month period. The use of crutches will follow for twelve to fourteen months. Hospital stay will range from five to eight days followed by nine to twelve months of physical therapy. Prescribed medication for pain management will take the usual forms of... The PHYSICIAN'S WORDS FADE AWAY as Elijah continues to ga in the room.
50) 0) text: Megan and Elijah are in the far corner of the room. They' other clients. Megan is seated on an exercise machine. El chair facing her.
50) 3) dialog: How long have you been married? Megan is taken off guard by the question. She stares at E
50) 5) dialog: How did you get together? Elijah smiles warmly. Megan smiles softly back.
50) 7) dialog: Now you're going to have to tell me more.
50) 10) dialog: How so?
50) 14) dialog: You and my mother would have a special connection.
50) 16) dialog: ...And everyone lived happily ever after. Beat.
50) 18) dialog: What part of David's body was injured? Beat. Megan's eyes become utterly still.
52) 0) text: Elijah and Megan sit very still.
52) 1) dialog: There have been three major disasters in this city over the last four years. I've followed each one of them... A Seven-three-seven crashes on take off. One hundred and seventy-two die. No survivors... A hotel fire downtown. Two hundred and eleven die. No survivors... And am Amtrak train derails seven and half miles outside of the city. One hundred and thirty one die. One survivor. He is unharmed. (beat)
52) 4) dialog: It's a mediocre time Mrs. Dunne. People are starting to lose hope. It's hard for many to believe that extraordinary things live inside themselves as well as others... I hope you can keep an open mind? Beat. MEGAN(soft)
52) 6) dialog: I own a comic book museum. It's called the Limited Edition. MEGAN(smiles)
52) 8) dialog: I believe comic books are based loosely on reality - I believe there are real life equivalents of the heroes in those books that walk the earth - I believe your husband is one of those individuals. Beat. Megan becomes utterly still.
52) 9) dialog: I'm glad you brought up fate Mrs. Dunne. I'm becoming a strong believer in it... See, David refuses to speak with me any longer... And when I saw your name on my insurance list of approved physical therapists... It was like fate had intervened... (beat)
59) 0) text: Elijah opens the door. It takes him a bit, because of the David stares at Elijah's damaged condition. Beat.
59) 1) dialog: Joined a rugby league. Turned out to be a bad idea. (beat)
59) 2) text: Come here I want to show you something. Elijah wheels over to one of the framed sketches on the w drawing of a muscular figure shielding himself from a blo A huge ominous shadow is covering him, as if something un just out of frame.
59) 3) dialog: Look at this. I just noticed this today. David steps in close and studies the drawing.
59) 4) dialog: This is from the Sentryman series. A color version of this was actually used in the second issue. Elijah points up to the drawing's face.
59) 5) dialog: Look at this eyes. What do you see? David looks right at the intense eyes of the drawing.
59) 6) dialog: It's fear. (beat)
59) 8) text: They turned him into a garden variety hero later... Then he was brave all the time. Elijah turns to David.
59) 9) dialog: I followed the guy in the army jacket. David becomes still as his words register.
59) 10) dialog: He had a silver handled gun tucked in the back of his pants. (beat)
59) 12) dialog: Because I think you faked it. I think you took the opportunity to end your career - no questions asked. (beat)
59) 18) text: I now believe you are the genuine article Mr. David Dunne. The kind of person we knew existed, from our history. Elijah points to the room full of pictures.
59) 19) dialog: It's time for someone like you. (beat)
59) 20) text: Bad is winning. I can feel it. Elijah looks at David with deep admiration. His voice cra of his words. Beat. David doesn't take his hands out of his pockets. DAVID(rattled)
59) 22) dialog: That's not what I witnessed David.
59) 24) dialog: I never said you couldn't be killed. I never said that.
59) 26) dialog: Are you finished?
59) 29) text: Heroes don't get killed like that. Normal people do. Beat. Elijah seems shaken for the first time. David stare
62) 4) text: Just choose something all right? Elijah doesn't react. He sits in his chair in a quiet daz over.
62) 10) dialog: How much is this one?
65) 0) text: Only the COUNTER LIGHT is on in the kitchen. David stands ELIJAH'S VOICE IS HEARD ON THE ANSWERING MACHINE. ELIJAH(on tape)
65) 1) text: ...David. It's Elijah. It was so obvious. It's referred to over and over. That's the key you see. The repetition across time. That means at some point it was all based on common thought, a common event - a fact. (beat)
65) 2) text: It was this one issue that brought it back for me... Century Comics One-Seventeen. That's where this group, the Coalition of Evil, tried to ascertain the weakness of every superhero. ELIJAH(on tape)
65) 6) dialog: The point of all this is, we now know something we didn't... You have a weakness... Water. It's your krpytonite. (beat)
73) 0) text: The wheels of Elijah's wheelchair move down the hall as h THE PHONE RINGING. He follows THE SOUND to a PHONE RINGING in the storage ro are shelves and shelves of comic books. Thousands of them piles. Elijah picks up the phone a little out of breath.
73) 1) dialog: Hello.
73) 3) dialog: David? Nothing is said on the other line for a couple of beats.
74) 0) text: The interior of the station is a mystical sight. One huge football field in size, lined on both sides with giant pi misty hand painted ceiling. ELIJAH(v.o.)
74) 1) text: David, it's okay to be afraid. Because this part won't be like a comic book... Real life doesn't fit into little boxes that were drawn for it. David stands in a quiet corner and watches the faces of p departing late night trains. Even at the late hour, there throughout the station. ELIJAH(v.o.)
91) 0) text: The compact store is crowded with customers. David spots Elijah with a group of people before a framed hero. David moves to a less crowded area of the store and waits a framed sketch. Beat. An older woman walks over from a near by picture an
91) 16) dialog: Did you see this? Elijah has a newspaper on his lap. He holds it up. There's a drawing on the front page. It's a hooded figure children behind him. ELIJAH(soft)
91) 18) dialog: When I saw it this morning. I felt a part of the world again. Elijah looks down at the newspaper. David hesitates and then reaches forward. He reaches past the paper... And TOUCHES ELIJAH'S ARM.
91) 24) dialog: A plane just crashed.
91) 28) dialog: Secrets? ELDERLY MAN(whispers)
91) 29) text: Like if there was ever a fire on floors one, two, or three... Everyone in this hotel would be burned alive. ELIJAH LOOKS UP FROM HIS DRINK.
91) 36) text: There are millions and millions or mediocre people in the world David. Isn't it great that we aren't one of them? David looks like he stopped breathing as he backs up in t Customers step between him and Elijah. Elijah becomes obs from view.