52) 0) text: The courtroom is huge and ornate and right now it’s a bit a spectacle. On the right side of the gallery are the defendants and t lawyers--about 60 people in all. Behind a plexiglass partition are some more defendants in prison coveralls an shackles. The defendants range in age from early-20’s to 80's. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 50. On the left side of the gallery are the wives and girlfri of the defendants. They’re all beautifully dressed and manicured and have on some of their gaudiest jewelry for occasion. Seated in back of them are the press and it was a tough ticket to get. At the prosecutor’s table are three Assistant U.S. Attorn including HARRISON WELLSTONE, the lead attorney on the ca who we’ll get to know later. JUDGE DUSTIN FOXMAN is already seated at the bench and is quietly going over some business with the prosecutors as packed courtroom hums with quiet chatter. CHARLIE points a bodyguard to where he wants Molly to sit four taped off seats on the right side toward the back. A MOLLY and the BODYGUARDS take their seats, CHARLIE stands the aisle a moment and looks at HARRISON, the lead prosecutor. HARRISON turns back from the bench and heads his table and sees Charlie. HARRISON half-smiles and give CHARLIE a small wave. CHARLIE gives him a small wave back takes his seat on the aisle next to one of the bodyguards MOLLY’s clocked all that.
52) 4) dialog: Good morning, Your Honor, Harrison Wellstone and Jack Brennan on behalf of the Government, joined at counsel table by FBI Agent Deborah D’Angelo.
141) 10) dialog: I know.
141) 12) dialog: We're off the record.
141) 14) dialog: Do you see a stenographer in here?
141) 18) dialog: She’s not under federal indictment for getting bad press, Charlie. And the purpose of the meeting, for me, is to discover if your client is willing to cooperate with the government in putting away some bad people.
141) 20) dialog: You’re not willing to cooperate?
141) 22) dialog: It appears to me that throughout your career as a gamerunner you were extremely diligent about vetting the players.
141) 24) dialog: But you let four guys play in the game without knowing they were connected?
141) 27) dialog: Help us.
141) 29) dialog: Yes--
141) 31) dialog: Yes you do. You can provide color. (beat) You can paint a picture. You can tell us that Druzhinsky wore a Rolex and drove a Phantom. You can tell us that Illya Gershen showed up with a quarter-million dollars cash in a backpack and you can tell us how much action Helly was taking on a sports bet. MOLLY’s starting to get dizzy from this but she’s fightin through it.
141) 35) dialog: Molly?
141) 37) dialog: I don’t believe you. In Mike Druzhinsky’s phone intercepts alone- -just Druzhinsky--your name comes up nineteen times. “ (MORE )
141) 41) dialog: We need Molly,” “Get Molly,” “Bring Molly”--it strongly suggests that you were important to his business and so it’s hard to believe that someone with your savvy and obvious intellect--
141) 44) dialog: Look--
141) 46) dialog: You gonna implore me to do the right thing?
141) 55) dialog: Do you have anything you’d like to add?
141) 57) dialog: (pause) Yeah. (beat) Molly, I'd like to talk to your lawyer in private if that’s alright with you. MOLLY turns to Charlie and CHARLIE nods that it’s okay.
152) 0) text: Not too many people. It’s just another day’s business for court. The family takes its seats and STELLA takes a seat few rows down and on the aisle. HARRISON and BRENNAN are already at the prosecutor’s table discussing some things. MOLLY walks in with CHARLIE and they head down to the def table.