0) 1) dialog: A survey was taken a few years ago that asked 300 professionals one question:
1) 1) dialog: “What’s the worst thing that can happen in sports?” We're at the bottom of the slope now where the skier we j saw finished her run with a swoosh, and a hundred or so spectators gave her a round. The skier snapped out of her skis, picked them up, pushed up her goggles and looked ba up the slope toward the judges...
1) 2) dialog: Some people answered losing a Game 7 and other people said getting swept in 4. Some people said--
2) 1) dialog: --it was missing the World Cup and some Brazilians said it was losing to Argentina. Not just in the World Cup--anytime, ever, in any contest. We can see the whole slope now. It looks like a terrible to die. It’s a moguls course, meaning that skiers race through a punishing series of 3-foot mounds of packed sno and ice, lift-off and execute a mid-air trick, land and r through another set of moguls, lift-off and execute a sec trick, land and race to the finish. Spectators and race officials line the sides of the slope Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 2.
3) 1) dialog: But one person answered that the worst thing that can happen in sports was 4th-place at the Olympics.
4) 1) dialog: This is a true story but except for my own I’ve changed all the names and I’ve done my best to obscure identities for reasons that’1l become clear. I’m Molly Bloom and right now I’m ranked 3rd in North America in Women’s Moguls.
5) 1) dialog: I have a BA in Political Science from the University of Colorado where I graduated Summa Cum Laude with a 3.9 GPA.
6) 1) dialog: I got a 173 on the L-SATs. The median L-SAT score at Harvard Law School is 169. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 3.
7) 1) dialog: I was raised in Loveland, Colorado, about an hour outside Denver or four hours if it’s snowing. On a weekend family ski trip when I was 5 I was spotted by a coach. The COACH stopped paying attention to the 12-YEAR-OLD BOY became captivated by the sight of a 5-YEAR-OLD GIRL--a prodigy--who’s just exploded into his field of vision. Th COACH watches and then glances back up the slope where th girl’s FATHER is standing and watching.
7) 4) dialog: I'd spend the next 18 years chasing winter and being coached by the best in the world.
8) 1) dialog: I also ran pretty well. A 12-YEAR OLD GIRL appears among the runners--both the fi kid and the first female we’ve seen. She’s running alongs her FATHER and you can tell just by looking at her stride that this is an athlete.
8) 2) dialog: I was running in a charity 5K when my back exploded.
9) 1) dialog: I had what’s called rapid onset scoliosis.
9) 3) dialog: My spine was curved at 63 degrees and I’d need a 7-hour surgical procedure that involved--
9) 5) dialog: --straightening my spine, extracting bone from my hip, fusing eleven vertebrae together and fastening steel rods to the fused segments.
10) 2) dialog: I was on skis again in a year, running moguls in 18 months and by my 20th birthday I’d made the U.S. Ski Team.
11) 0) text: It’s the slope we started at. Number 87 is MOLLY.
11) 2) dialog: It’s the last round of qualifying for the Salt Lake City Olympics. This is the Champion Run at Deer Valley. We can see that visibility is terrible, with snow coming diagonally and the wind whistling ominously at this altit
11) 3) dialog: The altitude’s 8100 feet and the pitch is 52 degrees which is the same as the sides of the Great Pyramids. MOLLY stomps on her feet to keep them warm and starts to loosen her shoulders and neck.
11) 4) dialog: The wind’s 20-25 miles an hour blowing left to right. It’s 3-below zero at the top of the slope and with 17 skiers in front of me, it’s gonna be like trying to stick a landing on a frozen infinity pool. The COACH points to his ears, indicating that it’s time f Molly to take out her ear buds. She hands the coach her i as he says--
11) 6) dialog: He’s talking about Kiki Bandy and Shannon Keebler, my two toughest competitors who had significant point deductions on their final runs--
12) 1) dialog: --setting the table for me. MOLLY snaps her boots into her bindings and taps her skis check how they feel.
12) 4) dialog: I can make the Olympic team right now. And if I have three perfect runs in Salt Lake--the best runs of my life--I can beat the Austrians and the Swiss and have a realistic shot at the podium. Then the law school of my choice and then a start-up. A foundation that seeds entrepreneurial women and also teaches young girls to ignore most of their current role models.
12) 6) dialog: But first this. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 7. A small light, accompanied by beeps, blinks red, then yel then-- MOLLY jams her poles into the snow and launches herself o the slope.
12) 7) dialog: Good start. My father’s at the bottom trying to telepathically get me to check my line.
13) 0) text: Molly’s FATHER is looking up the slope--
14) 1) dialog: I check my line. MOLLY’S POV Out of the sea of moguls she’s slashing through her eyes the path she’s chosen and, for a moment, it becomes demarcated for us like runway lights before it goes away.
15) 1) dialog: Good snow contact, calm upper-body, * legs together, good shape, no line deviation and set up for the D-Spin * and-- * MOLLY sails into the air and executes a perfect back-flip with an off-axis twist.
15) 2) dialog: --stick the landing. Now two things you need to know before the second trick which’ll be a 720. As MOLLY attacks the next set of moguls we start to gradu SLOW DOWN THE PICTURE... (MORE)
15) 4) dialog: The first is that when visibility * is bad the way it is now, race officials jam pine boughs in the snow at the edge of the jump so the skiers have some foreground depth reference. The second is that the * tightness of your bindings is determined by what’s called a DIN setting. If you’re a beginner your DIN setting is probably 2 or 3. If you’re an experienced weekend skier it’s probably 7 or 8. Mine’s 15. My boots are basically welded to my skis. Right...so how does this happen?-- In semi-slow motion, MOLLY gets airborne for her second t and almost as soon as she does, her right ski comes off a falls to the ground. All sound except Molly’s voice goes out.
15) 5) dialog: It happened because I hit a pine bough and I hit it so precisely * that it simply snapped the release on my bindings. Right in that moment I didn’t have time to calculate the odds of that happening because I was about to land pretty hard on my digitally remastered spinal cord which is being held together by spare parts * from an Erector Set. MOLLY crashes to the ice and snow with terrible impact. * We go back to FULL SPEED now with Molly’s other ski immediately snapping off and skidding away as MOLLY keeps sliding and flipping over. We're still without sound--just the occasional slap of he helmet on the packed snow. And then her helmet flies off before she breaks through--MOS--the wood and wire fence a into a group of gasping and shouting spectators. We watch the whole thing again full speed. And we watch o watch it--SPECTATORS, her COACH, the JUDGES, TELEVISION C and her FATHER... Sound kicks back in and we hear the gasping crowd along w radio crackle of the SKI PATROL and EMTs as they race to scene. Molly’s FATHER tries to get to her as fast as he c MOLLY’s on her back, unconscious, blood-soaked snow on he face. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 9.
15) 6) dialog: None of this has anything to do with poker. I’m only mentioning it because I wanted to say to whoever answered that the worst thing that could happen in sports was 4th place at the Olympics--seriously, fuck you.
15) 12) dialog: (into the phone) Hello?
15) 15) dialog: (into the phone) Yes?
15) 17) dialog: (into the phone) Yes, who is this?
15) 19) dialog: (pause--then into the phone) Who is this?
15) 21) dialog: Yes.
15) 23) dialog: I understand.
16) 0) text: Molly’s apartment is at one end of a long hallway and at other end are 17 blinding flashlights attached to 17 automatic weapons which are trained on her.
16) 2) dialog: There’s been a mistake.
16) 4) dialog: Yes.
16) 6) dialog: 
16) 8) dialog: I can’t see. The flashlights--
16) 10) dialog: I think there’s been a mistake.
16) 12) dialog: Yes sir. A FEMALE AGENT takes hold of MOLLY and puts her up agains the wall.
16) 17) dialog: No sir.
16) 19) dialog: No sir. AGENT DELAROSA turns to the other AGENTS--
16) 21) dialog: Yes.
16) 23) dialog: I understand. I think there’s been a mistake because I haven’t run a game in two years.
16) 25) dialog: (pause) Yes.
16) 27) dialog: The United States of America vs. Molly Bloom. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 13. In the background, agents start coming back out into the saying, “Clear,” “It’s clear,” etc.
16) 28) dialog: I'd bet heavy on the favorite.
16) 37) dialog: Every year on our birthdays my father would interview my younger brothers and me.
16) 41) dialog: How's this for hubris? *
16) 44) dialog: Even by teenage girl standards I would appear to be irrationally angry at nothing in particular. It would be another 7 years before I'd find out why.
17) 1) dialog: After my wipeout at Deer Valley I decided to take a year off before law school. Law school’s hard and I couldn’t spend the first year thinking about a pine bough. I needed to go away, sever myself from reality and come up with a new * plan so I chose Los Angeles, a city * whose entire population has severed itself from reality.
18) 0) text: MOLLY pulls her lone duffle bag out of the Jeep, throws t strap over her shoulder, walks to the front door and ring the bell.
18) 1) dialog: Blair, a friend of mine from the ski team, had agreed to let me crash on her couch for a while. (MORE )
18) 3) dialog: My father had disapproved of postponing law school and so declined to help out, but I had seventeen-hundred dollars I'd saved in baby sitting money and that would support me until I found a waitressing job. BLAIR’s opened the front door. Blair’s pretty but it’s th middle of the night--closer to dawn--and she’s been party The two hug. INT. BLAIR’S HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - A FEW MINUTES LATER MOLLY finishes making up the couch.
18) 4) dialog: I'd already had a career and retired from it. I wanted to be young for a while in warm weather. BLAIR says good night and switches off the lights in the living room. MOLLY sits on the couch alone.
18) 5) dialog: (beat) I think that’s what I wanted at first. It’s hard to remember.
19) 1) dialog: I got a job working bottle service at a club in Hollywood called Nacional. It was Cuban-themed so my uniform was camouflage short-shorts and a white wife-beater.
20) 1) dialog: The promoter would go over which record producer was sitting where-- which hot designers, which Lakers and Jolo the Malaysian billionaire who didn’t drink but who ran a hundred-thousand dollar bar tab. My job was to get people to spend much more money than they needed to. MOLLY’s attending to a table--
20) 3) dialog: You guys look like you deserve Grey Goose.
20) 5) dialog: They have a bottle of Grey Goose in front of them.
20) 7) dialog: They just spent an additional three- hundred dollars, bringing their total to nine-hundred dollars for eight dollars and fifty-cents worth of vodka. MOLLY passes some sexy young women who are hanging out at
20) 8) dialog: But the club doesn’t need you to buy a bottle, they need you to buy five bottles. So these girls over here, they let you buy them shots for a living. It would be like waiting in a long line to get into the Gap so you can pay a one- thousand percent mark-up to buy all the employees a pair of pants.
21) 0) text: It’s one of those two-story buildings on the west end of Sunset Strip. It’s not a dive but it doesn’t scream first class. MOLLY’s Grand Cherokee pulls into a space next to a silve Mercedes AMG. MOLLY gets out, dressed for her first day o work in an office.
21) 1) dialog: I only had one shift a week, I * didn’t want to tell my parents I was a cocktail waitress and back * then I never turned down an * opportunity to make more money so I found a second job as an office assistant and that’s how I ended up working for Reardon Greene. Reardon was a partner in Bluerock Investments. He was a regular at the club and one night he said--
22) 0) text: REARDON is at a table drinking with some friends and some girls. He’s in his late 30’s, not very tall, hair slicked back, 3-day beard, skull and cross-bones t-shirt and he’s talking to MOLLY-- *
22) 2) dialog: What makes you think you know and I don't?
23) 1) dialog: I can’t tell you what my job was. I’m not saying it’s a secret, I literally can’t tell you what my job was. So I made it up. MOLLY’s sat down in front of an empty desk and regarded i for a moment. What is she supposed to do? She picks up th phone and checks for a dial tone.
24) 1) dialog: I filed contracts using a system I borrowed from the alphabet, with “B" following “A” and so forth.
25) 1) dialog: I answered the phone, made coffee runs, set appointments, made spreadsheets and showed Reardon what spreadsheets were. MOLLY’s pointing at her computer screen and explaining ho spreadsheet works to REARDON, dressed in his usual fatigu and skull t-shirt and looking at a copy of LA X-Press. He puts the paper down next to Molly and tells her--MOS--whi girl he likes.
25) 2) dialog: And ordered call girls. INT. BLAIR’S HOUSE - EARLY MORNING MOLLY’s asleep on the couch and we can see through the wi that it’s still mostly dark outside.
25) 3) dialog: But I made four-hundred and fifty dollars a week on top of the three hundred I was making at the club, which would be enough to get off * Blair’s couch. * Her cell phone rings. She opens her eyes and reaches for phone. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 19.
25) 4) dialog: I remember the day started by being about bagels.
25) 5) dialog: (into phone) This is (Molly).
25) 7) dialog: Do you mean now? (pause) Hello? Reardon’s hung up. MOLLY hits a button on the phone to ch the time--5:25AM.
26) 0) text: MOLLY comes out of the store with a bag of bagels.
26) 1) dialog: Reardon was a Hollywood staple. Over-leveraged, into the company assets, going broke trying to prove he wasn’t broke and making a true effort to be as vulgar as possible. Honestly making an effort. She’s gotten into her jeep and her phone Buzzes with a te from Reardon-- “Move your fuckin’ ass” She tosses the phone aside and pulls the car out onto Sun which is nearly empty because of the hour, but we can see that LA’s decorated for Christmas. INT. REARDON’S OFFICE - NIGHT REARDON is hammering home a deal to three INVESTORS, tell them they'd be fuckin’ idiots not to put money into this. MOLLY’s sitting and taking notes on her laptop.
26) 2) dialog: But somehow he was making hundred- million dollar deals every day and I got to watch him do it. “Bizness Biznessa”, as they say in the Ukraine. The business of business. (MORE )
26) 6) dialog: And I was surprised to learn I liked it.
27) 0) text: MOLLY’s hustling up a flight of stairs with the bag of ba
27) 1) dialog: I hadn’t told anyone that I was a skier and it was hard not to laugh when Reardon said-- She opens the door at the top of the stairs and walks int
28) 2) dialog: No.
28) 4) dialog: Bagels. REARDON snatches the bag from MOLLY-- *
28) 6) dialog: It’s on the way from (my house).
28) 8) dialog: From where would you like me to get your bagels in the future?
28) 10) dialog: Done.
28) 12) dialog: Got it.
28) 14) dialog: Like I said, the day started by being about bagels but that would abruptly change. REARDON comes back out with a legal pad that he’s writing as he scrolls through his phone to find numbers.--
28) 16) dialog: Yeah.
28) 18) dialog: I'd regarded Reardon as a nitwit when I regarded him at all, but on that pad were nine names--along with phone numbers--of some of the wealthiest and most influential people in Los Angeles.
29) 0) text: MOLLY’s typing away on her Blackberry--
29) 1) dialog: I put the numbers in my phone and composed a simple message-- Molly hits send. Then puts her phone down on the desk and Googles “poker/blinds”.
29) 2) dialog: --that there’d be a game tomorrow night at the Viper Room, there was a ten-thousand dollar buy-in and the blinds were fifty anda hundred. Molly begins reading about blinds when all of a sudden he phone starts buzzing with text after text--”I’m in,” “I’l there,” “Yes,” “I’m in”... MOLLY turns her head and looks at her phone blowing up wi responses.
29) 3) dialog: All nine players confirmed that they'd be there. Within 90 seconds of my sending the text.
30) 0) text: We establish the front of the iconic club before circling around to the back where the Jeep is parked and MOLLY’s pulling out a carton of liquor bottles and a cheese platt
30) 1) dialog: The Viper Room was owned by Bugsy Siegel in the 40’s back when it was called the Melody Room and before his childhood friend Meyer Lansky had him shot 43 times in the back.
31) 0) text: As MOLLY makes her way through the dark and seedy hallway balancing the cheese platter on the carton of bottles.
31) 1) dialog: All I knew was schoolwork and skiing. I’d always figured sophistication would be easy to learn if I ever needed it. My cheese platter had a sticker that said, “Cheese: From the Great State of Michigan.” She goes into--
32) 1) dialog: I'd Googled, “What type of music do poker players like to listen to?” and then tried to figure out how to make a playlist out of one Kenny Rogers song. She arrives at--
33) 1) dialog: Diego, a professional dealer, was setting up the table when I got there.
34) 1) dialog: I set up the bar, put out my cheese platter and positioned myself at the door where I’d been instructed to only let in the names on the list, which I'd memorized. I was wearing my best dress, which I'd bought two years earlier at JC Penny for 88-dollars. MOLLY stands waiting at the doorway and adjusts herself slightly. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 24.
35) 1) dialog: The players started to arrive. I introduced myself as Molly, Reardon’s assistant, asked if I could get them a drink and took from each of them ten-thousand dollars in cash. Through a SERIES OF DISSOLVES --we'll see the PLAYERS arriving, chatting a moment with MOLLY--some of them flirting a little and others being ma of fact--and handing her envelopes. We’ll pay special attention to one player in particular who we’ll get to kn in a moment--we call him PLAYER X. The final DISSOLVE is Reardon showing up--
35) 3) dialog: Yeah.
36) 1) dialog: Diego fanned 9 cards out on the table and the players chose for seats.
37) 1) text: --we see cards being dealt, bets being raised, hands bein folded, Molly making a vodka and Red Bull, the final card being flipped, hands, chips, cards, vodka and Red Bull et Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 25. MOLLY’s in the corner. She’s standing at a small table with her laptop open, watching, listening and Googling. We pus on her slowly, cutting in the action of the game as we go all the while hearing the thumping of the music from upstairs.
37) 2) dialog: I'd just finished counting out ninety-thousand dollars in cash. I was in a room with movie stars, directors, rappers, boxers and business titans. They were going all-in all the time, burning through their buy-ins over and over. REARDON’s come over to Molly--
37) 4) dialog: Yeah.
37) 6) dialog: (pointing to the laptop) Spreadsheet. REARDON takes a moment and then nods his approval before go back to another
37) 7) text: More chips fly in, drinks are put down, cards are flipped players jump up in victory and pound the table in defeat, throw their cards at Diego, the seal on a new deck gets c more buy-ins, more drinks, more chips, more cards and the thump thump thump of the music from upstairs...MOLLY’s ty at her laptop.
37) 8) dialog: I Googled every word I heard that I didn’t know. Flop, river, fourth street, tilt, cooler, boat, nuts, playing the rush, cold deck--
38) 3) dialog: The game ended at 2:30. And when it did, that’s when Reardon shouted out--
38) 5) dialog: Tip Molly. Deep down I didn’t like the sound of that. Deep down I knew that when your boss says--
39) 2) dialog: Yeah.
40) 0) text: MOLLY’s alone counting out hundreds--
40) 1) dialog: --that’s usually not the beginning of a promising law career. But that was deep down. I'd just made three- thousand dollars. MOLLY stares at the cash in her hands and smiles...
40) 5) dialog: In one night?
40) 7) dialog: A hundred and fifty-thousand dollars.
41) 0) text: It’s present day and these are the offices of a high-end, prestigious law firm. It’s early in the morning and the p is completely empty except for MOLLY, who’s sitting and waiting in her best professional clothes. She’s mentally physically exhausted but keeps it to herself. The morning newspapers are fanned out on the coffee table in the bottom right corner of The New York Post is a box a picture of Molly and a small headline that reads: “Poke Princess Arraigned Today”. MOLLY casually takes one of th other papers and slides it over her photo. Also sitting and waiting is a 14-year-old girl--STELLA--w dressed in a private school uniform and reading a copy of Crucible. STELLA’s the opposite of precocious. After a long moment of silence...
41) 1) dialog: (pause) What are you reading?
41) 3) dialog: For school?
41) 5) text: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 28. MOLLY nods and there’s another long silence...
41) 6) dialog: (pause) You know how many witches were burned in Salem?
41) 8) dialog: None. They didn’t burn witches in Salem, it’s a myth, that’s not how they killed them.
41) 10) dialog: They hanged them or drowned them. Sometimes they piled heavy stones on their chests until they crushed them.
41) 12) dialog: Yeah.
41) 14) dialog: None of us do. We hear the clacking of footsteps coming down the hall an CHARLIE JAFFEY comes into view. CHARLIE’s a nice-looking with a kind face--around the same age as Molly or a coupl years older. He’s dressed well but not flashy.
41) 16) dialog: Yes.
41) 18) dialog: Thank you again for seeing me.
41) 20) dialog: Yes.
41) 28) dialog: Tuesday morning at 5AM I was arrested by the FBI. I spent Tuesday at LA County Jail. I was assessed to be a minimal flight risk and my bail was set ata hundred-thousand dollars. My mother signed over her house. I was released Wednesday morning and ordered to appear in Federal Court in New York’s Southern District at 10AM today. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 30.
41) 30) dialog: I flew here Wednesday and met with five attorneys yesterday.
41) 32) dialog: Three of them had already been taken.
41) 34) dialog: One told me that money was his second favorite form of payment.
41) 36) dialog: And the fifth was also taken but he recommended I call you.
41) 38) dialog: I told him I wanted someone who'd worked in the prosecutor’s office. That didn’t narrow the field much but then I told him I needed someone who wasn’t even a little bit shady because I’ve had some experience with that and that’s when the list got short. I told him I needed someone very good because this is nuanced. And I was given one day to find an attorney. (MORE )
41) 40) dialog: (pause) Do you know about me?
41) 42) dialog: The tabloids.
41) 44) dialog: I haven’t run a game in over two years. Not to spoil the ending but that’s when the government raided my game and took all my money, assuming all of it was made illegally which it wasn’t. I’ve been living at my mother’s house in Keystone and I wrote the book so I could start paying debts. I just finished a press tour for the book and moved back to Los Angeles.
41) 46) dialog: Yeah.
41) 48) dialog: Right.
41) 51) dialog: I took a rake the last six months.
41) 53) dialog: I went to live with my mother at her house in Colorado. That was two years ago.
41) 55) dialog: Yes.
41) 57) dialog: Yes.
41) 59) dialog: Yes.
41) 61) dialog: (beat) I’m sorry?
41) 63) dialog: (pause) Yeah. 33.
41) 65) dialog: There’s no poker code and there’s no law against lack of discretion.
41) 67) dialog: Are you taking me on as a client?
41) 70) dialog: No, I don’t have anything.
41) 72) dialog: Including that one that you bought I’ve sold one copy, but there's a lot of interest from Hollywood in buying my life rights. I’ll find a way to pay you. Charlie, ask around about me, my word is good.
41) 74) dialog: I didn’t have a--just ask around about me.
41) 78) dialog: Yes!
41) 80) dialog: (pause) Why are you making your daughter read The Crucible?
41) 82) dialog: I’ve never read the play.
41) 84) dialog: Is that what many consider it to be?
41) 86) dialog: I’ve never hurt anyone in my life.
41) 88) dialog: I’ve never heard of 90 percent of the names in the indictment.
41) 90) dialog: I didn’t know they were mobsters, I had no idea who they really were.
41) 92) dialog: (pause) I’m not telling you his name, he’s not involved in this.
41) 94) dialog: None of that matters. Why is the FBI arresting me two years after--
41) 96) dialog: (pause) Yes.
41) 98) dialog: (pause) Why did you leave the prosecutor's office and become a defense attorney? Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 36.
41) 100) dialog: You needed to make money.
41) 102) dialog: It was dangerous.
41) 104) dialog: So you didn’t leave the * prosecutor’s office because you * wanted to stand up for the innocent and believe everyone’s entitled to the best defense?
41) 106) dialog: It would have been helpful if you were Spencer Tracy or--I didn’t know who the Russians were. (pause--calmer) I can get you the two-hundred and fifty-thousand, I left ten times that on the street, it’ll just take some time. ee OF
41) 108) dialog: I didn’t name myself the Poker Princess. CHARLIE picks up a copy of Us Weekly that’s been tabbed a reads--
41) 111) dialog: That's Us Weekly? I agree it would be unusual for them to print something that wasn’t true but it’s not true and if you think a princess could do what I did you’re incorrect. I’m getting that you don’t think much of me but what if every one of your ill-informed, unsophisticated opinions about me were wrong?
41) 113) dialog: Yeah you know what, bud? You would.
41) 115) dialog: No, I need a fuckin’ lawyer!
41) 117) dialog: (pause) It was a while ago.
41) 119) dialog: Yes.
42) 2) dialog: My father’s a therapist and a psychology professor at Colorado State. The second rule of his house was that academic excellence and athletic excellence weren't optional and the first rule was that he made the rules. The GIRL is back on her water ski. The boat powers forwar again and the GIRL gets up on one ski for a moment before falls. The MOTHER, standing in the back of the boat as a spotter, raises a flag in the air to let nearby boats kno there’s a skier in the water.
42) 4) dialog: I was a skinny kid, and at 7 years old I didn’t have the core strength yet to pull this off. In October the water in Colorado is pretty cold and we'd been at this since 6AM.
42) 15) dialog: I’ll take them.
42) 17) dialog: Can you tell me what floor the dresses are on? INT. BARNEY’S/DRESS DEPARTMENT - A FEW MINUTES LATER
42) 18) dialog: After three months of games I had enough money to buy some real clothes. A SALESWOMAN comes up to her--
42) 21) dialog: I’m looking for a dress that makes me look nothing like myself. The SALESWOMAN smiles...
42) 24) dialog: I decided to postpone law school another year.
43) 0) text: A game is underway and MOLLY has a whole new look.
43) 1) dialog: I'd overheard stories about games that folded after one bad night and I needed this one to keep going and I needed to bring value to it. I knew if I wanted to cement my place there was one guy I needed to team up with and that was this man.
43) 3) dialog: The game had regulars and the game had guests and four of the regulars were famous actors and I’m going to call one of them Player X. Player xX subscribed to the belief that money won was twice as good as money earned. He lived to beat people and take their money. Here’s Player X talking one of the guests into folding the winning hand. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 4l. PLAYER X is in a showdown with the GUEST, who’s sweating whether to call or fold. The GUEST The GUEST
43) 5) dialog: Player X was the best player at the table and tonight this guy was the worst. He’s staring at his cards-- even a reasonably good amateur would know it was mathematically the best hand, which in poker is called the nuts. There was forty- seven thousand dollars in the pot and the guest was holding the nuts but he was starting to get confused because a movie star was talking to him.
43) 11) dialog: A fish is a particular kind of player. A fish has money. A fish plays loose and doesn’t fold a lot. A fish is good but not too good. PLAYER X looks over to MOLLY...MOLLY looks back and gives a half-smile. Chips get put down as a new hand is dealt.
43) 12) dialog: The Viper Room may have belonged to Reardon but the game belonged to Player X. People wanted to say they played with him the same way they wanted to say they rode on Air Force One. My job security was gonna depend on bringing him his fish. But where would I find people with a lot of money who didn’t know how to spend it and liked to be around celebrities?
44) 0) text: The club where Molly used to work. MOLLY’s talking to fou the CLUB GIRLS who drink shots for a living as the place pulses around them.
44) 1) dialog: If they say they’re interested in poker you give them my number. I vet them. If they end up playing in the game I’ll give you a thousand dollars the first time they play and five-hundred every time after that. (handing one of them a slip of paper) Be sure to mention that these guys are all regulars. One of the club girls looks at the list of names...
45) 0) text: It’s a sad, seedy casino and we’re in an area where an eclectic collection of guys are playing Texas Hold ‘Em. MOLLY’s standing near a pit boss and watching one of the players. ee OK
45) 1) dialog: The Commerce Casino is off the 5 freeway in East LA and no one’s ever going to confuse it with the French Riviera. I’d watch the tables for a while before I approached a friendly-looking pit boss.
45) 2) dialog: The third chair at Table 8 can’t lose.
45) 4) dialog: You know about the game at the Viper Room, right? *
45) 6) dialog: It’s a 10K buy-in, blinds are fifty and a hundred. A thousand for every player you send me. You get a piece of what they lose. No pros. I’m Molly.
46) 1) dialog: Poker was my Trojan horse into the highest levels of finance, technology, politics, art, entertainment--all I had to do was listen. SERIES OF SHOTS--Different games on different nights as M listens to conversations between players and Googles vari things she hears.
46) 47) dialog: People have asked me what my goal was at that point, what was my endgame. Back then I would have laughed at that question. I was raised to be a champion, my goal was to win. At what and against whom? Those were just details. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 46. We’re on MOLLY’s face as a player, off-screen, says what Molly’s thinking...
47) 0) text: MOLLY looks over the modest but nice new place with a ren agent.
47) 1) dialog: I had my own apartment now--
48) 0) text: MOLLY gets out of a brand new Audi with a bag of bagels--
48) 1) dialog: --a new car and seventeen-thousand dollars in a shoebox.
49) 0) text: MOLLY’s standing alone in a crowd drinking a glass of * champagne.
49) 1) dialog: One night a friend asked me to come with her to a pre-Oscar party being hosted by the head of one of the bigger talent agencies. Nothing’1l remind you that you don’t belong * quite as fast as a party where you don’t belong. And I must’ve been invisible because two four-thousand dollar suits were talking business right next to me.
49) 14) dialog: And just like that, I was about to belong.
49) 16) dialog: Excuse me, I couldn’t help overhearing you. (beat) I’m Molly Bloom and I run the game you were talking about. If you give me your cards I can get in touch if a seat opens.
49) 21) dialog: You can just give me your cards. * They hand her their cards.
49) 22) dialog: I'll be in touch. MOLLY walks away and we stay on her face as she glides * through the party and we see a small smile as we --
50) 0) text: Press and paparazzi are on the steps behind police barricades. No one notices a black SUV has driven past th and pulls up to the side of the courthouse. A BODYGUARD hops out the front passenger side and opens t back door for another BODYGUARD who helps Molly out of th car. The three of them head for a side entrance as we --
51) 0) text: CHARLIE is standing and waiting as MOLLY and the bodyguar come in and walk through a metal detector. They all make their way down the hall--
51) 2) dialog: “In propria persona” means on your behalf. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 49.
51) 4) dialog: No, I’m saying it means on your behalf.
51) 6) dialog: “In propria persona” means that you’re appearing on your behalf, not my behalf.
51) 8) dialog: I appreciate it.
51) 10) dialog: Charlie, I know what’s what, okay? CHARLIE opens the courtroom door and holds it for MOLLY a the TWO BODYGUARDS as they walk into--
52) 0) text: The courtroom is huge and ornate and right now it’s a bit a spectacle. On the right side of the gallery are the defendants and t lawyers--about 60 people in all. Behind a plexiglass partition are some more defendants in prison coveralls an shackles. The defendants range in age from early-20’s to 80's. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 50. On the left side of the gallery are the wives and girlfri of the defendants. They’re all beautifully dressed and manicured and have on some of their gaudiest jewelry for occasion. Seated in back of them are the press and it was a tough ticket to get. At the prosecutor’s table are three Assistant U.S. Attorn including HARRISON WELLSTONE, the lead attorney on the ca who we’ll get to know later. JUDGE DUSTIN FOXMAN is already seated at the bench and is quietly going over some business with the prosecutors as packed courtroom hums with quiet chatter. CHARLIE points a bodyguard to where he wants Molly to sit four taped off seats on the right side toward the back. A MOLLY and the BODYGUARDS take their seats, CHARLIE stands the aisle a moment and looks at HARRISON, the lead prosecutor. HARRISON turns back from the bench and heads his table and sees Charlie. HARRISON half-smiles and give CHARLIE a small wave. CHARLIE gives him a small wave back takes his seat on the aisle next to one of the bodyguards MOLLY’s clocked all that.
52) 2) dialog: How ‘bout the prosecutor? CHARLIE takes a moment and then shakes his head “no”. JUDGE FOXMAN raps his gavel once, the room quiets down, a everyone takes their seats.
52) 9) dialog: 
52) 11) dialog: I wasn’t there.
52) 13) dialog: I've never had an audience with the Vor, I’m not a made man and I don’t know who Nikolai Illyanovich is.
52) 29) dialog: I sold my clothes after the government seized all my money two years ago which incidentally was the last time I ran a poker game but I think I mentioned that already.
52) 31) dialog: (quietly) I promise it couldn’t matter less.
52) 42) dialog: Seriously?
52) 44) dialog: Yeah.
52) 47) dialog: I had to.
52) 49) dialog: Everyone tried to buy my debt sheet, is this the right time to-- 54. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
52) 51) dialog: I couldn't.
52) 53) dialog: I couldn’t be sure how they were gonna collect.
52) 60) dialog: Thank you.
52) 64) dialog: There was a track star from Pasadena in the 1930s named Matthew Robinson.
52) 67) dialog: Matthew Robinson shattered the Olympic record in the two-hundred at the Berlin Games in 1936. Absolutely shattered the Olympic * record...and came in second. * We PULL BACK and see that another runner finished just ah of him. *
52) 68) dialog: The man who came in first was Jesse Owens.
52) 70) dialog: Owens went on to be a legend. *
52) 73) dialog: Matthew Robinson went on to be a janitor at a whites-only school in Pasadena. The difference was two- * hundreths of a second. *
52) 76) dialog: As if that wasn’t enough, Matthew Robinson had a little brother who was also an athlete. We PULL BACK on the photo and see the runner sliding into home has the number 42 on his back and the umpire is * signaling that he’s safe. *
52) 77) dialog: His name was Jack but everyone called him Jackie.
52) 79) dialog: I have two younger brothers who were also overachievers. While I was ranked 3rd in North America, my brother Jeremy was Number 1 in the world.
52) 81) dialog: And while I was placing into A.P. Chemistry as a junior, my brother Jordan was doing it when he was 12- years-old or something, I don’t know. MOLLY’S CHILDHOOD HOUSE - NIGHT Molly, now 15, is having dinner with her FATHER, MOTHER, two YOUNGER BROTHERS.
52) 82) dialog: I was a hotshot student and a hotshot skier everywhere but my own house. And that’s where we live. As I got older I began to bait my father into fights without really knowing why I was doing it.
53) 0) text: MOLLY counts out a big stack of hundreds.
53) 1) dialog: I'd been running the game for 13 months and saved twenty-eight thousand dollars. REARDON counts two stacks of chips and throws them in the pot.
53) 3) dialog: I was recruiting and vetting players, keeping the books, collecting and delivering checks-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 60.
53) 5) dialog: --meeting the needs of all the players throughout the week and still working full-time for Reardon, who’d made it clear that if I quit the office job I’d lose the game. REARDON picks up what’s left of his chips--
53) 7) dialog: (quietly) I thought he had trips too. He was slow-playing into the river and he hid the pocket 3 pretty well. Tough beat. You owe the game--
53) 9) dialog: (beat) Okay.
54) 0) text: A band is loading out its equipment into a couple of wait vans. A back door opens and REARDON comes out, followed b MOLLY.
54) 2) dialog: No.
54) 4) dialog: I'd know.
54) 6) dialog: No.
54) 8) dialog: (beat) If you’re asking what I think you're asking, no. In fact there’s nothing you could be asking where it wouldn’t be no. A fifty-two card deck produces hundreds of millions of random patterns but every time one of you loses two weeks in a row you’re sure something fishy must be up.
54) 10) dialog: What do you mean?
54) 12) dialog: You're firing me?
54) 14) dialog: But I also have a job working for you 24 hours a day.
54) 16) dialog: (pause) I understand each of the words that you’re saying, but-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
54) 18) dialog: 24 hours a day every day. You’re gonna stop paying me to do that job because I’m making too much money doing my second job and if I say no I'll lose both jobs. Because it doesn’t seem fair?
54) 20) dialog: Alright, here it is: Banks are loaning you money and they shouldn’t. You’re a bad risk, they know that. So the debt service on your loans is close to 20 percent which is crazy. 20 percent is barely survivable if it’s a bridge loan but, for instance, it’s taken you 10 years to build seven houses, all of which are worth less than they were before you built them because the housing market’s on a downward trajectory for the first time in the history of houses and that’s why business is bad, not because you pay me four-hundred and fifty dollars a week.
54) 22) dialog: I've read every piece of paper in your office.
54) 24) dialog: (over) I care about it because I don’t want to pick up your dry cleaning for free. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 63.
54) 26) dialog: There’s an old saying:
55) 0) text: As a VALET opens Molly’s car door and MOLLY, looking fantastic in business clothes, steps out.
55) 1) dialog: “Never wait until your ski releases before you check to see if a small pine bough’s in your way.” I don’t know how old that saying is but I wasn’t going to wait for Reardon to take the game away before I put a plan in place. MOLLY’s met by a HOTEL MANAGER.
55) 2) dialog: The next morning I made appointments at the Four Seasons, the Peninsula and the Beverly Hills Hotel.
56) 0) text: The MANAGER is showing MOLLY the expensive suite with beautiful views.
56) 1) dialog: The suite was fifty-two hundred a night.
57) 1) dialog: I spent seventeen-thousand on a Shuffle Master that was installed in the table.
58) 1) dialog: Food was brought in from Mr. Chow and available to eat on side tables. An equally attractive BARTENDER is preparing the bar.
58) 2) dialog: There was Macallan 18, Belvedere, 1942, Remy Martin, and an ‘88 Lafite Rothschild served by a bartender who’d already memorized your drink. Cohibas and Monte Cristos were in the humidor and two licensed massage therapists were there to rub your shoulders as you played.
59) 0) text: MOLLY’s having her hair blown out while working a spreads on her laptop. An outfit is being laid out on the bed.
59) 1) dialog: A professional stylist turned me into what my defense attorney would later call the Cinemax version of myself. I spent almost everything I had in preparation for the phone call I new was coming. We HEAR a cell phone ring before we--
60) 0) text: MOLLY rolls over in bed and looks at the ringing cell pho It’s Reardon.
60) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello? REARDON doesn’t sound good.
60) 3) dialog: (pause) Are you alright?
60) 5) dialog: Where are you?
60) 7) dialog: Okay.
60) 9) dialog: Why don’t you lie down for a while.
60) 11) dialog: Can I ask why?
60) 13) dialog: I did, I installed it myself.
60) 15) dialog: I told you yesterday your cable would be out until 10am today.
60) 17) dialog: I told you there would be cable outages in your area. It’ll be back on by 10am. I don’t have control over Comcast.
60) 19) dialog: I’m not sleeping with any of them.
60) 21) dialog: Reardon, listen to me, with a hazmat suit I wouldn’t sleep with-- just lie down.
60) 25) dialog: Yeah. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 67.
60) 27) dialog: I appreciate it.
60) 29) dialog: Don’t be. My phone’s in my car. I’ll text you all the numbers you need when I get downstairs.
61) 0) text: MOLLY’s got her box of stuff from the office next to her the passenger seat as she pulls into the Four Seasons and met by the hotel manager.
61) 1) dialog: I texted my replacement a bunch of random numbers with 310 area codes. Then I sent a text to the players for tonight and told them the game had been moved to the Four Seasons Hotel, Suite 1401.
62) 0) text: The players are sitting and standing around, drinking champagne and cocktails, smoking a cigar, standing on the terrace, etc. The place looks beautiful and so does MOLLY
62) 1) dialog: Fellas, can I have your attention a moment?
62) 3) dialog: I'll be hosting a game in this suite every Tuesday night. If you play tonight you’ll be guaranteed a seat at the game for life. If you’d prefer to play at the Viper Room there'll be no hard feelings.
62) 4) text: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 68. There’s quiet for a moment and everyone kind of looks at PLAYER X...PLAYER X looks at MOLLY and smiles, who looks at him...blank but confident. *
63) 0) text: The game is in full swing and high spirits. MOLLY and her laptop are observing from a little distance.
63) 1) dialog: The game was mine now. I incorporated and MDB Event Planning was born. I paid taxes and 1099'’d my employees. I never became romantically or sexually involved with any of the players. It just wouldn’t have been professional-- this was back when I was still making good decisions. And I went to a lawyer to make absolutely sure all this was legal. INT. LOUIS BUTTERMAN’S OFFICE - DAY * MOLLY sits across from LOUIS BUTTERMAN, a lawyer. *
63) 3) dialog: No.
63) 5) dialog: Please. *
63) 7) dialog: What do you mean?
63) 11) dialog: I don’t do anything like that but you just said I wasn’t breaking the law.
63) 13) dialog: (beat) Am I breaking the law?
63) 15) dialog: We're able to find out for sure, aren’t we? Laws are written down.
63) 17) dialog: No
64) 0) text: A game is underway and it looks like everything Molly’s describing.
64) 1) dialog: My game had a tricky ecosystem. It was built around escapism and exclusivity. These guys could buy their way into anything and anyone but here in this room you couldn’t buy your win. You couldn’t buy me, you couldn’t buy the girls and you couldn’t buy a seat at the table. There’s nothing as sweet as a win you have to work for and the wins and losses were compelling and they were real. Of course it helped that the players were gambling addicts. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
65) 0) text: The game has ended. Diego’s breaking down the table, the women are cleaning up and PLAYER X is talking to MOLLY.
65) 2) dialog: Yeah?
65) 4) dialog: (pause) To what?
65) 6) dialog: (pause) That’s uh...that’s a 500 percent hike.
65) 8) dialog: I don’t think it’s a good idea.
65) 10) dialog: The players who are losing a hundred-thousand a week are gonna be losing half a million.
65) 12) dialog: --will have no one left to play with. Players are gonna get hurt, others are gonna get killed and some of them are gonna drop out. It’s not sustainable and we’ll lose the game. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 71.
65) 14) dialog: He meant find new fish and with these stakes that was gonna be challenging. First up was Donnie Silverman.
65) 17) dialog: Donnie won the World Series of Poker last year and got in touch with me through one of the players. INT. MOLLY’S APARTMENT/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT MOLLY’s watching the World Series of Poker on her laptop. can see that DONNIE’s one of the players as MOLLY hits pa makes a note on a pad and then continues watching.
65) 18) dialog: Ordinarily if you were at the final table at the World Series that would automatically disqualify you from playing in my game but a Vegas contact told me to look at the film. So that night I watched seven hours of the world’s worst spectator sport.
66) 0) text: MOLLY’s standing with a check for PLAYER X.
66) 2) dialog: He took eleven hands at the final table. He had the nuts on eight of them and three of those--three-- were two-outers with four players still in the hand. He ran hot. He doesn’t lock his chips down, he’s reckless, gives tons of action and just won 12-million dollars.
67) 1) dialog: Next up was Harlan Eustis. MOLLY’s watching HARLAN play at one of the tables. He’s g big stack of chips in front of him.
67) 2) dialog: Player X said he met him at the Commerce Casino and that he'd be good for the game but I wasn’t seeing what he was seeing. He played tight, folding after the hole cards 64 percent of the time. HARLAN tosses his cards into the middle of the table.
67) 3) dialog: It wasn’t clear where his money came from. He produced backyard wrestling videos and other low-rent productions--
68) 1) dialog: --but worst of all, Harlan Eustice was a good card player. And Player X knew he was good but he wanted him anyway and he wanted him badly. You'll see why in a moment. a *
69) 1) dialog: The third new recruit was Brad Marion, who everyone called Bad Brad because he was uniquely terrible at this game. If there was a worse player in the world, Brad would still find a way to lose to him. As BRAD and NEAL get closer to the house we can see bikin clad women and a few guys partying around the hot tub.
69) 2) dialog: I'd been asked to throw together a game on a Saturday night at the Malibu house of a man who made his money by co-starring in a sex video opposite a woman who made her money by being born with it.
70) 0) text: A game is underway. BRAD waits in the doorway and watches game as NEAL approaches MOLLY.
70) 2) dialog: Hey, what are you doing here?
70) 4) dialog: (back to Neal) Yeah.
70) 6) dialog: Well if you give me his information I’ll check him out. Ce ee a
70) 11) dialog: “Derrick’s gonna vouch for him” meant Derrick would cover any losses if Brad didn’t pay. Up to any amount. DERRICK nods his head “yes” without taking his eyes off t table. MOLLY looks at BRAD again, then waves him over.
71) 1) dialog: But he could pay, and did. As we go through a SERIES OF CUTS showing BRAD betting hu stacks of chips, losing, buying in from MOLLY for another 50K, betting huge, losing, etc.
71) 2) dialog: Bad Brad had raised 45-million dollars for a fund that traded oil futures and every week he came to the game, lost a quarter of a million dollars and tipped me 10- thousand so he could play the next week. He wasn’t getting any better and the guys were feasting on him. BRAD loses another hand and walks over to Molly’s table.
71) 4) dialog: Hey, let’s talk for a second.
71) 6) dialog: Brad, this game may not be for you.
71) 12) dialog: No, you’re not. MOLLY shows BRAD her computer screen--
71) 13) dialog: These are your losses after ten weeks. And you’ve won...never. The strongest players have losing weeks and the weaker players get lucky but I’ve never seen someone not win, you know, ever. It’s actually a statistical anomaly.
71) 15) dialog: No, your tips are very generous. How about if I got you some books to read? Or even a pro to give you lessons?
71) 17) dialog: (pause) Okay. Sign for fifty-thousand. MOLLY pulls chips while BRAD signs on a clipboard.
71) 18) dialog: Turned out Bad Brad knew what he was doing. He was getting customers. He’d drop 200K at the game and pick up two-million for his hedge fund. DERRICK slaps BRAD on the back--
71) 20) dialog: More on that later as well but first the final recruit.
71) 28) text: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 76. EXT. DODGER STADIUM/OWNER’S LUXURY BOX - NIGHT MOLLY and some other nicely-dressed people are watching t game in style but at this moment they’re standing in nerv anticipation. Some of the people are holding hands for lu and a couple are covering their eyes.
71) 29) dialog: I was in the owner’s box at Dodger Stadium when People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive called me. I was dating the owners’ son at the time and the night before we’d had a discussion about priorities. INT. BOYFRIEND’S BEDROOM - NIGHT The BOYFRIEND’s in bed as MOLLY comes into the darkened r dressed for the poker game she’s just come from.
71) 31) dialog: (quietly) Hey babe, I’m sorry to wake you up.
71) 33) dialog: You shouldn’t have, that’s why I have a key.
71) 35) dialog: I’m sorry, I didn’t realize until just now that you’re mad.
71) 39) dialog: It was to pick up a check from a player. I got a call.
71) 41) dialog: You can’t let a gambler sleep ona debt.
71) 43) dialog: You want to have sex like we’re strangers?
71) 45) dialog: Okay. Okay. I do too. And tomorrow night I’m gonna come with you to the game and I’m not gonna make any calls or take any calls and I’m gonna make a good impression on your parents. I’m gonna be there just for you.
71) 46) dialog: I over-promised. EXT. DODGER STADIUM/OWNER’S LUXURY BOX - NIGHT Back with MOLLY, her BOYFRIEND, the PARENTS and other gue some of whom are praying or covering their eyes, etc.
71) 47) dialog: ‘Cause the thing is if you’re sitting in the owner’s box with the owners, who are also your boyfriend’s parents-- We see hits of the scoreboard that demonstrate what Molly talking about.
71) 49) dialog: --and your team is batting in the bottom of the ninth, down by a run, one out, runners on first and third and a win means you’re in the playoffs, you’re really not at that moment supposed to take a phone call. MOLLY’s phone buzzes and she sneaks a peak at the caller The BOYFRIEND clocks this.
71) 50) dialog: I wanted this man in the game, and not because he was People’s Sexiest Man Alive. I already had three of them at the table. But this one was a heavyweight--one of the biggest stars in the world. A 9-time Grammy winner whose last two albums debuted at Number-1 on the Billboard chart. Smart, charismatic, and influential, he wasn’t a recluse but you didn’t see him at parties or clubs. He was powerful fish bait, he was whale bait, he was an actual rock star and he was good business. And if I had him as an ally I wouldn’t be dependant on Player xX. MOLLY makes her decision, takes out her phone, tells her BOYFRIEND she’s sorry and she’ll be just a second and get the reaction you’d expect.
71) 51) dialog: I'll call him Player Y.
71) 52) dialog: (into phone) This is Molly.
71) 62) dialog: Not as secret as I'd hoped. We pull back and we’re in-- INT. CHARLIE’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS --as CHARLIE clicks off the TV. Molly’s standing in the doorway.
71) 64) dialog: Thank you.
71) 66) dialog: Just fine.
71) 68) dialog: I had two-million points left on my AmEx. They took away the card but they let me keep the points which I thought was nice of them.
71) 70) dialog: Hm?
71) 72) dialog: I did.
71) 74) dialog: Yes. And a few other people.
71) 76) dialog: I do.
71) 78) dialog: A company that owns 400,000 video poker machines wants to put my face on them.
71) 80) dialog: Treat Magazine made a generous offer.
71) 82) dialog: It’s a new magazine for the high- end photography enthusiast. 80. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 81.
71) 84) dialog: I'd be the April treat.
71) 86) dialog: Yes.
71) 88) dialog: A few I guess. A couple. Seven.
71) 90) dialog: Yes.
71) 92) dialog: I passed.
71) 94) dialog: You will be paid, Charlie.
71) 96) dialog: Creative differences. Should we start?
71) 98) dialog: Helly. MOLLY and CHARLIE both understand that MOLLY just admitte knowing these guys.
71) 100) dialog: Were they tapping my phone?
71) 102) dialog: Thank God.
71) 104) dialog: Okay.
71) 106) dialog: You get a kick outta yourself, don’t you. CHARLIE lifts up a copy of Molly’s Game--
71) 108) dialog: Thank you.
71) 110) dialog: I don’t like it either but it’s the picture the publisher wanted and I wasn’t given a vote.
71) 112) dialog: Thank you. 83. 84.
71) 114) dialog: I'd like a glass of bourbon.
71) 116) dialog: Yeah.
71) 118) dialog: Going back how far?
71) 120) dialog: I kept my hard drives when I'd buy a new laptop.
71) 122) dialog: It had records of who owed what and spreadsheets on the players.
71) 124) dialog: (pause) Are you joking?
71) 126) dialog: No, I’ll be destroying those hard drives. 85.
71) 128) dialog: I’m going to blow them up. I’m literally going to use explosives and then scatter the remains in the Colorado River.
71) 130) dialog: You’re just gonna have to pretend I didn’t tell you.
71) 132) dialog: I don’t have any hard drives, I work with an abacus.
71) 134) dialog: There are no hard drives!
71) 136) dialog: You don’t understand what’s in those text messages.
71) 138) dialog: You don’t understand. There are going to be those messages and they’1ll be embarrassing but there are also going to be messages that would destroy lives. Other lives. There are messages that would end careers and obliterate families. If the text messages were made public--
71) 140) dialog: If they were--
71) 142) dialog: --it would be catastrophic for many people.
71) 144) dialog: No.
71) 146) dialog: My last lawyer sold my deposition to the National Enquirer, Charlie! (beat) That happened. But the information in that deposition will be nothing compared to the consequences of those text messages--
71) 148) dialog: Children will find out their fathers--
71) 150) dialog: It was that or perjure myself and Brad had already named everyone in the game.
71) 152) dialog: Butterman. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 87.
71) 154) dialog: Yeah. CHARLIE nods that now he understands...
71) 155) dialog: What.
71) 157) dialog: Yeah.
71) 159) dialog: None of this has anything to do with the Russian mob, right?
71) 161) dialog: What’s this?
71) 163) dialog: In order to demonstrate the sanctity of your attorney/client confidentiality you’re betraying the confidentiality of all your other clients?
71) 165) dialog: I’ll fly home to Colorado and be back the next day with the hard drives. MOLLY tosses Charlie’s phone back to him.
71) 166) dialog: Here’s how I lost the LA game.
72) 6) dialog: Hey HEY! (to Harlan) You get out on the terrace.
72) 8) dialog: (to HARLAN) Out on the terrace. Now. MOLLY motions to CASSIE, the relief dealer, the way a baseball manager would motion to the bullpen. MOLLY walks DIEGO away from the table--
72) 9) dialog: (quietly) You good?
72) 11) dialog: Have a drink. MOLLY goes out on to--
73) 1) dialog: What the hell.
73) 3) dialog: Yeah and you’re gonna go home, I’m making a floor call, that’s it. HARLAN doesn’t say anything--he just stares out at Los Angeles...
73) 4) dialog: (pause) Did you hear me?
73) 7) dialog: (beat) You don’t have what? HARLAN looks at MOLLY very simply...
73) 9) dialog: It was 5am on Saturday. This game began at 7pm on Thursday.
74) 2) dialog: Harlan Eustice was the producer of backyard wrestling videos who Player X badly wanted in the game. Harlan was excited about the surprise 40th birthday party he was throwing for his wife in 24 hours.
74) 4) dialog: I liked Harlan. There was no affectation, no Hollywooding, no flossing--he wasn’t ticking off the menu items to show off, he was genuinely excited about the party he was giving his wife.
74) 6) dialog: But nobody else liked him except Player X. (MORE )
74) 8) dialog: He played tight, didn’t give a lot of action and always got his money in good which means he was running the odds. In other words he was playing poker and the others were gambling. In a SERIES OF SHOTS we see HARLAN folding hands--
74) 16) dialog: And he won.
75) 1) dialog: By midnight Harlan had tripled his original fifty-thousand dollar buy- in but everything came off the rails with one hand. And that’s how it happens, that’s how you go full tilt. Harlan, the best player at the table, the best player at most tables, was about to get bluffed off the nuts by, of all people, Bad Brad. CASSIE turns over a fifth card--a king. He OK Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 92.
75) 2) dialog: How? Because this was only Brad’s second game, Harlan hadn’t been at his first, and Harlan didn’t know yet that Brad was bad. Animation shows Harlan’s hand--an 8 and a 9--which when a to the table cards (KQ899) gives Harlan a full house.
75) 3) dialog: Harlan’s got a boat, nine’s full. Animation shows Brad with a 3 and a 5, which when added t the table cards equals nothing.
75) 4) dialog: Brad’s got nothing but his pre-flop betting made it look, entirely accidentally, like there was a chance he had pocket kings, which, if true, would give him the better full house. HARLAN counts his chips and pushes some into the pot--
75) 6) dialog: And there it is. Brad’s counting off 30-thousand which means he’s gonna call and Harlan knows that if Brad’s gonna call and not raise it means he didn’t have the boat and he’s betting a high two-pair-- probably kings and queens. But then instead of calling the bet-- BRAD pushes ALL his chips in--
75) 8) dialog: --Brad pushes 72-thousand dollars into the pot. Harlan looks at Brad. Every tell Harlan knows about-- carotid artery pumping, stiff hands- -Brad’s doing the opposite. Harlan’s betting had represented a huge hand by calling on the flop, check-raising the turn and bombing the river. (MORE )
75) 10) dialog: Of course Harlan didn’t know that Brad didn’t know what any of that meant. So Harlan, always a good sport, said--
75) 12) dialog: --as he tossed in what he didn’t realize was the winning hand. Brad tosses in his cards too and one of them flips over and Harlan sees it’s not a king.
75) 18) dialog: It wasn’t even that it was that much money--Harlan only lost about 40-thousand on the hand-- HARLAN gets up and starts pacing around the room.
75) 19) dialog: --but a circuit breaker blew and Harlan was out for blood. Everyone's. HARLAN walks up to MOLLY--
75) 21) dialog: (quietly) You’ve got 51-thousand on the table, you want another 50?
75) 23) dialog: (beat) Sign here for 100-thousand. MOLLY starts to pull the chips and we --
76) 0) text: HARLAN watches while another pair of hands haul in the po He gets up and goes to MOLLY.
76) 1) dialog: By 5am Harlan was down half a million. He'd abandoned everything he knew about poker and was playing like a frat kid--swinging for a home run on every hand.
76) 3) dialog: Harlan--
76) 5) dialog: Sign here for a hundred.
77) 1) dialog: Text messages were going out letting everyone know Harlan was bleeding. Guys were coming by to play for a couple of hours before work. They'd been losing to him for months. Everyone wanted a check from Harlan Eustice.
77) 2) text: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 95. HARLAN’s pouring himself a Red Bull and vodka as Molly wa up to him.
77) 3) dialog: If you go home now you can get a few hours sleep before Sheila’s party.
77) 5) dialog: You’re on tilt--everybody knows it. * And you're playing without the ammunition you need to win.
77) 7) dialog: (beat) * Alright, thank you.
77) 10) dialog: That should be the second line of every gambler’s obit. “Mr. Feldstein died while trying to get back to even.” Harlan never did. And he never got to his wife’s birthday party. She filed for divorce two days later but there was one last punch coming that would put Harlan on the floor for good.
78) 1) dialog: Harlan was heads-up against a guy named Frederick who was Austrian royalty--the son of a Count in the House of Habsburg and a distant cousin of Marie Antoinette. Again, we see animation on the screen as MOLLY describes their hands.
78) 2) dialog: Harlan had pocket queens. His Excellency had Ace-King. They were both in 65K pre-flop. DIEGO burns a card and then deals three in the middle.
78) 3) dialog: The flop’s queen-seven-seven. Harlan has a full-house again, queens full of sevens--with three rounds of betting in front of him. The Count has nothing. FREDERICK stacks his chips and pushes them all in.
78) 4) dialog: And the Count goes all in. He wants Harlan to think he’s got two more sevens under there. Bite me, says Harlan, he’s not falling for this again and he snap calls all in. There’s $750,000 on the table. Diego burns a card and deals the turn. A king. Otto von Bismarck now has two pair, kings and sevens, but two-pair’s nothing next to a full house. And at this point, the only hand left that can beat a queen full house-- DIEGO turns over the fifth card. It’s a king--
78) 5) dialog: --is a king full house. Captain von Trapp bluffed two pair and rivered into kings full! Then all of a sudden--
78) 10) dialog: Hey HEY! (to HARLAN) You get out on the terrace.
78) 12) dialog: (to Harlan) Out on the terrace. MOLLY motions to CASSIE, the relief dealer, the way a baseball manager would motion to the bullpen. MOLLY walks DIEGO away from the table--
78) 14) dialog: (quietly) You good?
78) 16) dialog: Have a drink. MOLLY goes out on to--
79) 1) dialog: What the hell. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
79) 3) dialog: Yeah and you’re gonna go home, I’m making a floor call, that’s it. HARLAN doesn’t say anything--he just stares out at Los Angeles...
79) 4) dialog: (pause) Did you hear me?
79) 6) dialog: (beat) You don’t have what? HARLAN looks at MOLLY very simply...
79) 8) dialog: (pause) Go home.
79) 10) dialog: We’ll meet tomorrow and talk about what to do. (beat) And what you’ve gotta do is tell Sheila the truth, okay, you tell her the truth. Tell her what happened. And I’m gonna help you, I’m gonna get you to a meeting. We'll talk tomorrow and figure out what to do about the money.
79) 11) dialog: Harlan and I didn’t meet the next day. He just called me and said everything was okay and showed up the next week with a check. 98. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 99.
80) 0) text: MOLLY’s standing in front of her car, a Mercedes converti in the middle of a slightly heated exchange with PLAYER X
80) 1) dialog: Where did he get the money from?
80) 3) dialog: Loaned it?
80) 5) dialog: You’re taking 50% of his wins and no exposure on the losses.
80) 7) dialog: First of all he’ll never climb out of that, that’s sharecropper math. Second, you can’t stake a player and play in the game at the same time.
80) 9) dialog: (pause) You've been staking Harlan?
80) 11) dialog: (beat) Jesus Christ--
80) 13) dialog: It is a hundred percent cheating. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 100.
80) 15) dialog: Are you kidding?
80) 17) dialog: If you have an interest in another player winning?
80) 19) dialog: You fold your hole cards--a five of clubs and a jack of hearts--he’s still in the game. It would benefit him to know that the five of hearts and jack of spades are no longer in play, don’t you think?
80) 21) dialog: I’m saying it can’t fuckin’ happen again.
80) 23) dialog: You.
80) 25) dialog: Look--
80) 27) dialog: We’ve had this conversation a couple of times before. MOLLY gets Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 101.
80) 29) dialog: You made more money playing poker this year than you did making movies.
80) 31) dialog: You want to get together with the other players--who on my tax returns are called clients--and discuss putting a ceiling on my wages.
80) 33) dialog: It’ll be America’s most closely- watched anti-trust case.
80) 35) dialog: That’s movie dialogue and you were threatening me. Here’s your check. I'll see you Tuesday. back into her car. PLAYER X comes over to the driver’s side to say one last thing...
80) 37) dialog: (pause) Harlan?
80) 39) dialog: I knew he meant Player Y.
80) 42) dialog: I'll see you Tuesday.
81) 1) dialog: I always found Player Y to be a nice guy. Polite, a good loser, a good winner, and unflappable in the face of boorishness.
82) 0) text: PLAYER Y is playing a few chords for MOLLY in his home st -a few gold records on the wall along with a bank of Gram and other awards.
82) 1) dialog: I'd go to the Hollywood Hills home he shared with his girlfriend to drop off or pick up a check and sometimes he’d play me a little of whatever he was working on. Player Y's GIRLFRIEND steps in--she’s in the middle of dressing for a night out.
82) 4) dialog: Millie’s fine.
83) 0) text: MOLLY’s working out on a bike in the gym in her building. PHONE BUZZES and she checks the text.
83) 1) dialog: He started texting me--mostly game stuff but once in a while a joke or a compliment. INT. MOLLY’S APARTMENT/BEDROOM - NIGHT MOLLY’s sitting up in bed reading. Her phone rings.
83) 2) dialog: It was around lam on the night of the American Music Awards when my phone rang. She looks at the caller ID.
83) 3) dialog: (into phone) Hello?
83) 5) dialog: He was hammered.
83) 6) dialog: Are you alright? (into phone)
83) 8) dialog: (into phone) I am.
83) 10) dialog: (into phone) Listen, bud, you’re wasted. Can you get home?
83) 12) dialog: (pause) Do you think that’s a good idea?
83) 14) dialog: (pause) How were the AMA‘s?
83) 16) dialog: I’m sorry?
83) 18) dialog: (beat) Go ahead.
83) 20) dialog: Listen--
83) 22) dialog: (beat) You're not driving the car, right?
83) 25) dialog: Okay, listen to me. You’re drunk and I’m not so I’m gonna be team captain, okay? I want you to hang up the phone and think about this for 30 minutes. Drink a lot of water, get some air and think about this for 30 minutes. If you’re still sure it’s a good idea in 30 minutes, call me back.
83) 27) dialog: He didn’t call back.
84) 1) dialog: At the game Tuesday night he was sheepish and said--
84) 3) dialog: (whispering) Don’t worry about it.
84) 5) dialog: (whispering) You don’t have to do that.
85) 0) text: It’s late at night and MOLLY’s driving along Sunset.
85) 1) dialog: I assumed the email was going to be an apology which really wasn’t necessary--that he was embarrassed, that kind of thing. Her PHONE BUZZES on the passenger seat and she answers.
85) 2) dialog: It turned out it was an invitation to go with him to Cabo San Lucas. EXT. MOLLY’S CAR - SAME TIME We’re on the outside of the car now.
85) 4) dialog: It wasn’t until I was finished reading that I saw that the email wasn’t from Player Y. It was from his girlfriend.
86) 0) text: MOLLY’s sitting there breathing, trying to think. Her cel starts ringing in her hand...
86) 1) dialog: His girlfriend had gone into his account and found the letter in drafts. And she sent it to me. And she sent it to the wives and girlfriends of everyone who played in the game. And I knew the truth even before I answered the call that came next. MOLLY finally answers the phone-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 107.
86) 3) dialog: You didn’t have to be a strategic mastermind to know what was coming next. The musician and his girlfriend stayed together on the condition that he not play in my game and that was all Player xX needed to get the other guys to fire me. I’d made a dumb joke about an anti-trust suit and I never ran another game in LA. We stay on MOLLY for a long moment, watching her from a l way down the street, her silhouette leaning against the c
86) 6) dialog: Verticality?
86) 8) dialog: It’s a word.
86) 10) dialog: There were drugs. I’m two years clean. Oe OF
86) 15) dialog: You know what, I’m not paying $250,000 for your Amazon customer review.
86) 17) dialog: I just emailed you verticality from Merriam-Webster’s Dictionary.
86) 19) dialog: The advance?
86) 21) dialog: (pause) It depends. INT. AGENT’S OFFICE - DAY MOLLY’s talking to her agent, LOIS.
86) 23) dialog: What kinds of elements?
86) 25) dialog: Lois-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 109.
86) 27) dialog: I’m one-thousand percent sure that the homeless Vietnam vet has a better one.
86) 29) dialog: (pause) It’s none of my business but you should really give that guy more than a quarter.
86) 31) dialog: (pause) What if I...What if you told the publishers that I’1l name the players who were already named in the Brad Marion deposition?
86) 35) dialog: The ones that were already--I’1l use the real names of the players who were already named by Bad Brad, what if I did that?
86) 37) dialog: (long pause) One of them was a bad tipper. I’1l say which one. MOLLY and LOIS sit there for a moment as LOIS taps her pe lightly on her desk and we
86) 39) dialog: My advance was thirty-five thousand dollars.
86) 41) dialog: I'd met them a few years earlier on a G-5 to Vegas.
86) 43) dialog: I was the CEO of Douchebag Inc., I often had occasion to be on private jets to Vegas with Playboy Playmates. What’s our plan? ee OK
86) 46) dialog: What’s a minor role reduction?
86) 48) dialog: Not a chance.
86) 50) dialog: No, there’s not a chance I’m gonna let you make that argument.
86) 52) dialog: It’s not true.
86) 54) dialog: I know how it works. Points correspond to the prosecutor's sentencing recommendation. You try to get point reductions based on a variety of factors including, say, prior criminal history, which I don’t have, or whether the defendant played a minor role, which I certainly did not.
86) 56) dialog: I built it from scratch.
86) 59) dialog: The LA game was legal, I wasn’t taking a rake. I’m talking about the New York game which I built and scaled from scratch. I wasn’t fireable from the New York game, I made sure of that, so...no.
86) 61) dialog: I’m refusing you permission to seek a minor role reduction. I’m refusing you permission to invalidate my entire career.
86) 63) dialog: Charlie--
86) 65) dialog: Absolutely.
86) 67) dialog: Money--
86) 69) dialog: I'd have to be aware that--
87) 0) text: MOLLY’s right where we left her, leaning against her car.
87) 1) dialog: When I lost the LA game I told myself it was no big deal. It was just supposed to be an adventure and a way to meet influential people. And I'd saved over two- hundred thousand dollars.
88) 0) text: MOLLY’s sitting at her kitchen table, wearing the sweatsh and Denver Broncos cap we saw her in earlier. She’s liste to her iPod and staring into space. She’s depressed and w watch the depression turn into anger and then action.
88) 1) dialog: But that was just a weak firewall I'd hastily built to keep out the humiliation and depression I knew was coming.
89) 0) text: MOLLY’s at the end of the bar drinking alone.
89) 1) dialog: It had to end sometime, I just thought it would be on my time. I didn’t think it was gonna be taken away from me. And for such a stomach-turning reason.
90) 0) text: MOLLY’s working out in the otherwise deserted gym in her apartment building but this is an angry work-out--the car equivalent of revenge sex. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 114.
90) 1) dialog: I made the real housewives of the Chateau Marmont uncomfortable because I unambiguously rejected passes from their degenerate husbands and boyfriends? Thanks ladies.
91) 0) text: It’s raining and MOLLY’s cutting through the rain, joggin a path with her athlete’s body beating the incline and ag this no fun-run.
91) 1) dialog: And thanks fellas. You trusted me for eight years and I proved worthy of that trust, over and over, and none of you could speak up? MOLLY hits another gear and disappears around a curve in path as we --
92) 0) text: MOLLY’s sitting on her windowsill with the window open an smoking a joint.
92) 1) dialog: The game had given me an identity, respect, and a defined place ina world that was inaccessible and in one irrational heartbeat it was taken away. I was irrelevant and forgotten overnight. INT. THERAPIST’S WAITING ROOM - DAY It’s a small privacy room. MOLLY comes in, sees the butto she’s supposed to press to announce her arrival and pushe it. 115.
92) 2) dialog: It'd been two weeks since I lost the game and I made an appointment to see someone because now the humiliation and depression had given way to a blinding anger at my powerlessness over the unfair whims of men who had leverage over me and I wanted to talk it out with someone. MOLLY picks up a magazine and starts thumbing through it.
92) 3) dialog: That was it, that’s what was making me angry. It was that there weren’t any rules. These power moves weren’t framed by right and wrong, just ego and vanity. She puts the magazine back and picks up a different one.
92) 4) dialog: Selfish whims with no regard to consequence. No fairness, no justice. And that giggling, cackling call from Player X--
93) 3) dialog: I couldn’t lose to that green- screened little shit and I didn’t want a therapist to make me feel okay about it. You know what makes you feel okay about losing? Winning. MOLLY tosses the magazine back, grabs her bag, turns the arrival light switch back off and heads out the door. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 116.
93) 4) dialog: I got on a plane to New York.
94) 0) text: We see the famous landmark in all its beauty and then we BACK to see MOLLY heading into the hotel. *
94) 1) dialog: Wall Street, Madison Avenue, Fifth Avenue, Sutton Place, the Dakota, the Beresford, the San Remo--the players were here, I just had to bait the hook. This time I didn’t have movie stars.
95) 1) dialog: This time I used Playboy Playmates. * A beautiful Playmate named JESSE is sitting at the bar. S waiting for someone and checking the front door when MOLL sits down on the other side of her and taps her shoulder. They give each other a hug.
95) 2) dialog: And these weren’t just any Playmates. They had particular skill sets. Jesse was Puerto Rican knockout who grew up working in card rooms and was a good player herself.
96) 0) text: MOLLY, JESSE and two other Playmates--SHELBY and WINSTON, sitting at a table with a “reserved” sign on it. Their sp drinks are being replaced with a new round. *
96) 1) dialog: I could stake her, infiltrate other games and poach their big ticket players. She could glance at a table and tell you how much money was on it. MOLLY holds a plastic sandwich bag filled with different colored poker chips, takes out a fist-full of chips and throws them on the table. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 117.
96) 3) dialog: Not even close.
97) 1) dialog: Shelby could write code and was a decent hacker. Right now I’ve asked her to tell me my account balance at B of A.
97) 2) dialog: (to SHELBY) You got it yet or are you playing Minecraft?
97) 4) dialog: Shelby--
98) 1) dialog: Winston would be working for the CIA if she could pass a drug test. She was the daughter of an American diplomat who’s lived in nine different countries and who had the email addresses of half the Saudi royal family.
98) 3) dialog: (to WINSTON) Who’s the biggest game in Manhattan and what are the stakes?
98) 5) dialog: Right.
98) 7) dialog: (beat) * What do you mean? *
98) 9) dialog: I didn’t know that.
98) 11) dialog: Tomorrow night we start recruiting. *
99) 0) text: It’s high-end decadence. Crowded with beautiful people an pulsing with house music. MOLLY, JESSE, SHELBY and WINSTO all dressed for the job--sexy but not slutty--are standin the balcony that wraps around the club so they can get a bird's-eye view of the floor.
99) 1) dialog: We couldn’t promise anyone they’d rub elbows with movie stars, but New York has one thing Hollywood doesn’t. The Yankees. And there was one Yankee in particular that every man in America would line up to lose to. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 119.
99) 2) dialog: You don’t say his name out loud. Write it on a cocktail napkin, then crumple the napkin up and put it in a glass of water so they can see the ink dissolve.
99) 4) dialog: It’s not at all necessary.
99) 7) dialog: You tell them it’s been happening once a week for about six months at a location you won’t disclose right now. There’s a pretty long waiting list for a chair but Molly’s here somewhere tonight, I'll introduce you.
99) 9) dialog: They'll ask you.
99) 12) dialog: (pause) Two-hundred and fifty.
99) 14) dialog: No, the buy-in. Two-hundred and fifty-thousand dollars. 120.
99) 16) dialog: Just enough to be heard on Rodeo Drive. Guys? You’re up. MOLLY downs her glass of scotch and walks away.
100) 0) text: Men have now descended on their table. JESSE writes a nam a cocktail napkin and shows it to the guy she’s been talk to. We see the guy mouth “Seriously?” and JESSE nods befo she drowns the cocktail napkin in her drink. We see MOLLY watching this from a distance.
100) 1) dialog: We went to clubs, polo matches in the Hamptons, art gallery openings--
101) 0) text: MOLLY’s looking at a painting while SHELBY talks to a TRU FUND KID.
101) 1) dialog: They never approached anyone, the men came to them.
102) 0) text: WINSTON is having a drink and a quiet conversation with a at the bar. MOLLY’s farther down the bar watching the new the TV.
102) 1) dialog: And they never asked anyone to play. The game had to be an impossible ticket. (MORE )
102) 3) dialog: It had to be clandestine and sexy but above all, it had to be exclusive. What these men want is to want. They had to ask us.
105) 1) dialog: It only took seven weeks of recruiting to get ten players and there were four on a waiting list and these circles that was more than enough to start the mythology. By morning, gamblers would be hearing and telling stories about this game in London, Tokyo and Dubai. At the end of that year I reported an income of four-million, seven-hundred and seventy-three thousand dollars. Every square inch of it legal and on the books. I still hadn’t taken a rake. And I still hadn’t accidentally recruited members of a Russian crime syndicate.
106) 0) text: CLOSE on an Aderall pill being crushed with a mortar and pestle. We PULL BACK and see it’s MOLLY.
106) 1) dialog: In the beginning I was using drugs to stay awake. First aderall. Then Aderall crushed up to defeat the time release. We go through a SERIES OF SHOTS showing MOLLY and the PLAYMATES getting ready for a game. --SHELBY, JESSE, and WINSTON are in various states of dre and having fun trying on different outfits drinking champagne, doing lines of coke, etc.
106) 2) dialog: Then coke, valium, vicodin, percocet and more aderall. INT. MOLLY’S APARTMENT - DAY A luxury rental with a poker table in the living room. Fo flat screen tv’s are being bolted to the walls.
106) 3) dialog: I rented a penthouse apartment and installed plasma screens for the sports betters. I had the lower stakes games on Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Sundays at my place with Tuesday night at the Plaza being the big game.
107) 0) text: --A bottle of champagne is opened and poured. A glass is down next to MOLLY, who’s at the desk with her laptop ope We see quick shards of information on her screen--
107) 1) dialog: My spreadsheets would tell me who was playing tonight, what their track record was, where I had to cut off their credit, everything down to their kids’ birthdays. --Candles are being lit and placed around the room. A tab clock gets put out of sight. An iPod gets popped into a d
107) 4) dialog: Casinos have discovered that certain scents make people more likely to place big bets. The casinos pump those scents in through the ventilation. I had custom candles made. --A poker table gets stood up by two dealers--one male, o female. Twenty brand new decks of cards with Molly’s init get stacked on the table. Bellmen are bringing in stools.
107) 5) dialog: At 7:00 the dealers came and the table was set up and polished and eleven stools were placed around it exactly twelve inches apart. --A case of chips is opened and stacks counted. The chips beautiful and heavy and engraved with Molly’s initials. * Included among the chips are rectangular gold plates that “MB” but have no denomination. *
107) 6) dialog: I used custom chips and two dealers who worked an hour on, an hour off with a new crew coming in after twelve hours. * --The female dealer, a tall knockout, fans a deck out in front of her and sweeps it up with one card. She repeats as well as a few other simple tricks that show how fast a nimble her hands are.
107) 7) dialog: I'd been working with a new dealer named Small, that was her name, and Small was 5-11. She’d been working in trashy card rooms on the east side and we became friends.
108) 0) text: MOLLY’s writing checks and putting them into envelopes an SMALL is sitting up in the bed with her shoes kicked off.
108) 3) dialog: Small had been suggesting it for a * long time and she was suggesting it again because of an incident the * week before. * Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 124. PRE-LAP a DOORBELL--
108) 5) dialog: Hey Cole.
108) 7) dialog: Come on in.
108) 9) dialog: (picking up an envelope) I do, right here.
108) 11) dialog: Hey, can I show you something on
108) 14) dialog: This is last Tuesday night’s game.
108) 16) dialog: (pointing) This is you in the seventh chair. Look at your stack of chips.
108) 18) dialog: Look at the time stamp--1:06am. Let’s fast forward to 1:07.
108) 20) dialog: Come on, Cole. 1:07 you lose the hand to Boosty. 1:08. (she fast forwards to 1:08) Our sheets say you didn’t buy in again between 1:06 and 1:08 but look at that--your stack got bigger.
108) 22) dialog: So let’s rewind. This screen's got the dealer changeover while at the same time back on this screen... aaaaaand--there we are. We PUSH IN on the TV and see COLE drop his hand below the table--presumably into his jacket pocket--take out a cigarette and casually drop some chips in front of himsel like he’d been playing with the chips all along.
108) 23) dialog: And that’s why I can’t reconcile seventeen-thousand dollars from Tuesday’s game. (pause) A 7-11's got security cameras on their Slushy machine, I’ve got a million dollars changing hands every two minutes, imbecile, you didn’t think I had eyes on the table? COLE starts breathing heavily--
108) 24) dialog: Shh--relax.
108) 26) dialog: I know, so why isn’t it coming out of the trust fund. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 126.
108) 28) dialog: Alright. Look, first of all, those guys who make the counterfeit chips, they’re taking you for a ride. They know there are signatures built into the chips-- exact weight, infra-red markings-- * breathe. Second, don’t try this at someone else’s game because they’re gonna express their anger in a much different way than I am. I'll cover you, You owe me 17-thousand dollars * and when I get it I’ll give you the tape. That’s it.
108) 30) dialog: So when Tuesday night came, Small was at it again.
109) 2) dialog: It was 17-thousand dollars.
109) 4) dialog: He paid.
109) 6) dialog: If I took a rake this game would no longer be legal. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 127.
109) 9) dialog: See you out there. SMALL goes back out into the main room and MOLLY starts filling in another check. She stops, thinks, takes a coup of pills, chews them up and washes the bad taste down wit champagne as we --
110) 0) text: A hand is underway with SMALL dealing. MOLLY watches from short distance as the pot gets bigger and bigger.
110) 1) dialog: Around 2am there was a pot that was up to a million and a half pre-flop with five players still in. SMALL burns a card and lays out the flop.
110) 2) dialog: My hope was that the flop would chase four of them off.
110) 10) dialog: There was now two-point four million on the table.
110) 12) dialog: Two-point six million.
110) 15) dialog: Three million. SMALL burns another card and lays out the turn. MOLLY’s thinking.
110) 16) dialog: She was right, I was extending credit, big numbers. And it’s not like Harlan Eustice hadn’t already put the fear of God into me. If I couldn’t pay, one time, that’d be the end of the game. I was the house. She catches SMALL’s eye and holds up two fingers while mouthing “Two”. SMALL’s quick hands begin to stack the chips in the pot, knocking two percent off one of the stacks, tapping those chips on the table so the players know she’s doing it and sliding the chips to the side.
110) 17) dialog: That’s how quickly I’d made the decision. And just as quickly, Small calculated two percent of the pot and took it off the table. That was it. (MORE )
110) 19) dialog: I'd just taken a rake, in violation of U.S. Criminal Code 1955.
111) 0) text: We see the remnants of a game that ended a short while ag MOLLY’s at work on the books with a drink at her side. On the players has stayed behind--late 30’s and drunk. He do a drink and then pours himself another.
111) 1) dialog: It’s time to introduce Douglas Downey ‘cause Downey’s gonna take us all the way home. Downey was a drunk and he’d stay after the game and hang out while I did the books. DOWNEY brings his newly poured drink over to MOLLY’s area takes a seat.
111) 2) dialog: He was hard to understand when he was drunk and his conversation openers would always sound like the title of a detective novel.
111) 4) dialog: Yeah.
112) 0) text: DOWNEY again brings a drink over to MOLLY who’s doing the books and barely pretending to pay attention--
112) 1) dialog: He’d talk about his marriage.
113) 1) dialog: He talked about wanting a better life.
113) 3) dialog: Good call.
114) 1) dialog: And he’d talk about another game he played in. It was the Brooklyn game. The Brighton Beach game where they played all night and all day. The game that was populated by Russians.
115) 1) dialog: Then one night Douglas Downey lost eighty-thousand at my game and didn’t have it.
115) 3) dialog: You won a hundred and ninety last week.
115) 5) dialog: Got it.
115) 7) dialog: Doug--
115) 9) dialog: Quiet down, listen to me--
115) 11) dialog: I don’t even know what that means but you can’t stiff Eddie Ting or Irv Gotti.
115) 13) dialog: You really should be.
115) 15) dialog: There’s another way.
115) 17) dialog: Douglas.
115) 19) dialog: The Brooklyn game. Is everything I’ve heard true?
115) 21) dialog: Yeah.
115) 23) dialog: That the Russians have deep pockets, are bad at poker, give action and pay instantly. Bring me some of those players and I’1ll give you a piece of the game until your 80K’s paid down.
115) 25) dialog: Did you understand what I said?
115) 27) dialog: I’m not Irish.
115) 29) dialog: No.
115) 31) dialog: You're thinking of the James Joyce character--
115) 33) dialog: I’m not. Can you get me some of those players?
115) 35) dialog: Doug. Focus up. Yes, there is a book by James Joyce called Ulysses that has a character named Molly Bloom and that is why you think I’m Irish and now it’s time to get past that. Can you get me some Brighton Beach players?
115) 37) dialog: I’m a Russian Jew.
115) 38) dialog: The next week I had some new players.
116) 1) dialog: Mike was the first one to arrive.
116) 4) dialog: Mike owned a chain of medical clinics and had already posted with a wire transfer.
116) 8) dialog: Next were the Gershen brothers, Illya and Alex. They were in the business of exporting steel to China. Alex brought a quarter of a million dollars in cash ina backpack.
116) 10) dialog: And then Helly Habib. The Habib family owns the largest collection of classical art in the world, valued at 3-billion dollars, and Helly runs the Habib gallery on Madison Avenue.
116) 11) dialog: I’ll need you to post the first few times, I hope you understand. (handing him a card) Here’s information about wiring the post in advance.
116) 13) dialog: (pause--calmy) That is...an authentic Monet?
116) 15) dialog: (pause) You came over here carrying a Monet.
116) 20) dialog: Okay. Helly, here’s what I need you to do. I need you to get this, what, 20--?
116) 23) dialog: --27-million dollar painting out of here right now. And your, I assume, armed security--?
116) 25) dialog: --can’t stand in front of the door. Fix that up, come on back and I’1l extend you credit tonight up to one and a half.
117) 2) dialog: Mike, Illya, Alex and Helly. Those were the players Douglas Downey brought me. As advertised, they played loose, gave action, lost to the regulars and settled right away.
117) 4) dialog: People have asked, “Wasn’t there any way to tell that the new players were connected to one of the darkest, deadliest and far- reaching organized crime syndicates in the world?” No. There wasn’t.
117) 8) dialog: Harrison Wellstone didn’t go for the minor role reduction?
117) 10) dialog: He didn’t buy that I was a cocktail waitress?
117) 12) dialog: Aww. (claps him on the shoulder) Was it because I wasn’t?
117) 14) dialog: So what now? CHARLIE looks at MOLLY--he knows this is going to be a difficult subject.
117) 16) dialog: You don’t say.
117) 18) dialog: Who could’ve possibly seen that coming?
117) 21) dialog: It’s gonna be very short because I don’t know anything at all that can help them.
117) 23) dialog: Did you know that 97 percent of federal cases never go to trial? Even though your chance of being convicted at trial is a little more than one in a hundred?
117) 25) dialog: Which the Justice Department knows I don’t have because they took all my money in a civil forfeiture which they can do without a warrant because your property doesn’t have a presumption of innocence. Then after I was arrested by 17 agents holding automatic weapons--totally necessary and not at all meant to intimidate me--they gave me two days to hire a lawyer and appear in a courtroom on the other side of the country.
117) 27) dialog: So tell me all the ways I can help ‘cause I really feel I owe it to them. Speaking of owing, the IRS has put a tax lien on the money they took from me.
117) 32) dialog: Taking my money wasn’t a tax, they also need me to give them my money. * Or they’1ll take it again.
117) 34) dialog: It needed to be said.
117) 36) dialog: That’s right.
117) 38) dialog: --like the neighborhood extortionist? No. The U.S. Attorney's Office does everything within the law to fight crime and also for some reason to keep taking my stuff, I get it. And if I had testimony that could lead to the conviction of a bad guy no one would have to coerce me into cooperating. But I don’t. I have dirt. I have dish. I have gossip. So my value to the prosecution is exactly the same as it is to Hollywood. I’m here to ensure the New York Post covers the trial. I’m here to sell tickets.
117) 40) dialog: Hey Stella.
117) 42) dialog: What does he have you doing now? STELLA’s getting an essay out of her backpack and giving to her father.
117) 45) dialog: Which three poems?
117) 47) dialog: I know those. What’s the common theme?
117) 49) dialog: (to CHARLIE) Are you sure you’re qualified to be-
117) 51) dialog: (to STELLA) Anytime you want to run away from home you can come live with me.
117) 57) dialog: There’s no law that says you can’t just hit him in the head.
117) 59) dialog: My father used to give us extra work.
117) 61) dialog: (beat) He’s--you mean physically?--He’s in Colorado.
117) 63) dialog: 
117) 65) dialog: (pause) No.
117) 68) dialog: (smiles) You know how many girls at the Olympics have demanding fathers?
117) 70) dialog: That’s right. (pause) I was hard on him.
117) 72) dialog: Mmmmmm...I was brat. INT. GIRL’S HOUSE/FOYER - DAY The GIRL, now 22, walks in the front door of her house. S got a USA Skiing jacket on and her skis over her shoulder She closes the door behind her. INT. CHARLIE’S OFFICE - DAY
117) 74) dialog: I'd start fights with him.
117) 78) text: He OK Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 142. We see MOLLY standing in the doorway hearing this, unseen her MOTHER. * INT. CHARLIE’S OFFICE - DAY *
117) 79) dialog: I don’t know. * (pause) * For the record, the law--1955--that * I’m accused of breaking, defines gambling as betting on games of chance.
117) 81) dialog: Poker isn’t a game of chance. Roulette’s a game of chance. Poker’s a game of skill.
117) 83) dialog: Charlie, I'll tell them anything * they want to know about me. About me. That’s it.
118) 1) dialog: Now stick a pin in the Russians for minute because remember Bad Brad * Marion? It turns out his 300- million dollar hedge fund wasn’t what you'd call...real.
118) 3) dialog: It was a Ponzi scheme. He'd been falsely reporting profits for years. He wasn’t even registered with the SEC. We see QUICK FLASHES of what Molly describes-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
118) 4) dialog: With the money given to him by friends and family he bought several Malibu beach houses, an airplane hangar full of cars, another one with an airplane, and the life he wanted. When he was arrested he had seventy-four hundred dollars in the bank.
119) 1) dialog: Brad cooperated with the FBI and gave them hours of testimony on a range of subjects, including how three years earlier he’d lost 5.2- million dollars in an underground celebrity poker game that was run by a girl named Molly Bloom. His story was that I’d induced him to play in a high stakes game-- QUICK FLASHBACK to a scene we saw earlier--
120) 2) dialog: And that due to my enabling he’d become a gambling addict. QUICK FLASHBACK to another scene we saw earlier--
121) 1) dialog: Brad, this game may not be for you. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 144.
122) 0) text: MOLLY and her lawyer, BUTTERMAN, are sitting across from three lawyers in a deposition.
122) 1) dialog: Federal bankruptcy lawyers were brought in to recover as much of the boosted money as they could. I was sent a subpoena and flew out to L.A. to be deposed. Sitting next to me was my attorney at the time, Louis Butterman.
122) 4) dialog: The names on this list were provided to you by Brad Marion?
122) 6) dialog: I understand. What I’m trying to get in the record is that I’m not the one who provided the list.
122) 8) dialog: Yes, I can confirm the list is accurate.
122) 15) dialog: Mr. Marion asked to be in the game. *
122) 18) dialog: (to Butterman) Thanks.
122) 24) dialog: Yes. Yes. Donnie Silverman won the--
122) 26) dialog: It’s public record, it was on television. Donnie Silverman won the World Poker Championship. They continue MOS--
122) 27) dialog: Right there I mis-spoke. It’s not * called the World Poker Championship, it’s called the World Series of Poker. I was ordered to pay five-hundred thousand dollars in restitution-- *
123) 1) dialog: --and somewhere in an FBI field office in New York, someone was pinning my picture to a wall. The lawyer pins Molly’s picture up. We PULL BACK and see wall is covered with pictures and lines that form an organizational chart--including Michael “Miko” Druzhinsky “Russian Alex” Gershen, Illya “The Son” Gershen and Helly Habib.
124) 1) dialog: By this point I was running six games a week, sometimes at two different locations in a night. MOLLY downs a couple of pills with a glass of champagne.
124) 2) dialog: And by this point I was addicted to drugs.
124) 4) dialog: Adderall, Ambien, Xanax, coke, alcohol, Valium, Ativan, Trazadone-- anything that could keep me up for a few days and knock me out for a few hours. INT. MOLLY’S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING The sun’s starting to come through the window and MOLLY, still in her clothes from the night before, is sitting on edge of the bed and staring into space.
124) 5) dialog: But I wasn’t just taking them to stay awake anymore. It was dark and friendless where I was. (MORE )
124) 7) dialog: I felt like I was in a hole so deep I could go fracking. It didn’t feel like depression, it felt more violent.
125) 2) dialog: I was tired of living in the frat house I’d built for degenerates. I was tired of the greed--mine, not theirs. Everybody's.
126) 0) text: Once again it’s early morning and MOLLY’s still dressed f the night before. She’s standing by the window and holdin the curtain cord.
126) 1) dialog: I was sick of being high all the time, I was sick of only living in the dark. MOLLY lets go of the curtain cord and a blackout curtain drops.
126) 2) dialog: I couldn’t recognize myself and what I recognized I couldn’t stand.
127) 0) text: A game has ended. MOLLY’s reconciling the books and DOUGL DOWNEY is pouring himself a drink.
127) 1) dialog: After a game one night Douglas Downey surprised me with a confession after opening with another detective story title. DOWNEY sits down next to Molly, takes a drink, and says-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 148.
127) 4) dialog: Okay.
127) 6) dialog: (beat) Okay.
127) 8) dialog: Cool.
127) 10) dialog: I did until a second ago. I’m gonna call you a car and--
127) 12) dialog: This isn’t happening.
127) 14) dialog: Shhhstop it. Listen to me. Doug? I’m the woman all of you have always dreamed of. I'm the anti- wife. Instead of making you feel bad about going out every night and gambling, I encourage it. (MORE )
127) 16) dialog: And instead of asking you to cut down on your drinking, I have drinks served to you by models who simultaneously create the impression that you’re the kind of guy who can score a dime piece anytime you want. Do you know who Circe was? He HK
127) 18) dialog: Circe.
127) 20) dialog: Nope, Circe did not play in Eddie's game. She was the Greek goddess of magic and she gave men feasts with wine and honey and then she turned them into swine.
127) 22) dialog: Fantastic question. *
127) 24) dialog: Missed the point by miles but that’s okay. And thanks for the * compliment.
127) 26) dialog: Winston and Shelby are gonna close up and I'll see you next week. She heads for the door and we --
128) 0) text: The city is just waking up. MOLLY comes out of the hotel in a coat and with her bag o her shoulder. A driver gets out of a black SUV that’s wai on the corner and begins calling to Molly as he hustles o to her--
128) 2) dialog: Sorry.
128) 4) dialog: Sorry. PAT opens the door and MOLLY gets in the car. Her head is somewhere else as she looks out the window. PAT gets in the front and they pull out. They drive along in silence for a while, MOLLY looking ou the window as the almost-empty city goes by in the grey/b light of early morning.
128) 5) dialog: I used to be a competitive athlete. I didn’t know if you knew that.
128) 7) dialog: Skiing. Freestyle.
128) 9) dialog: (pause) I don’t know. The drive continues-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 151.
128) 10) dialog: I used Pat for security when I was going home with cash. He asked me if I could do him a favor.
129) 0) text: MOLLY, dressed in a business outfit, is sitting at a tabl drinking iced tea and working on her laptop.
129) 1) dialog: He said there were a couple of hedge fund guys in New Jersey who wanted to play and he could score points with them if he was able to get them a meeting with me. I said sure and set the meeting for 5pm on a Thursday at the Four Seasons bar, knowing that if they were legit they'd recognize someone in the crowd at Happy Hour at the Four Seasons right after the closing bell. MOLLY spots two men enter the hotel bar. One of them is wearing a shiny brown suit with a t-shirt and a bullet on chain. The other is wearing a black shirt and black jeans
129) 2) dialog: It turns out I didn’t need to be that clever. These weren’t finance guys, they were from the cast of Jersey Boys. They stood at the entrance to the bar self- consciously--they were out of their element and tough guys try to look tougher when they’re insecure. MOLLY stands up and gives them a small wave and they make their way over to the table.
129) 3) dialog: I had a good hunch what they wanted and I was gonna have to shut down this meeting quickly but without being rude to Joey Bag-a-Donuts and Secaucus Sal.
129) 4) dialog: (shaking hands) I’m Molly Bloom, nice to meet you.
129) 6) dialog: (to the other) And you are?
129) 8) dialog: Can I get you guys a drink?
129) 9) dialog: I don’t remember what the big guy ordered but I'll never forget what John G had. He looked at the waiter as if to say that he could handle himself among the Manhattan elite and said--
129) 11) dialog: (beat) Okay, alright.
129) 13) dialog: My week? It was fine, thank you. Pat said you might be interested in a game.
129) 15) dialog: Do I like--yes. He’s been my driver for almost two years.
129) 17) dialog: Sometimes.
129) 19) dialog: Thank you.
129) 21) dialog: (beat) Nobody.
129) 23) dialog: No.
129) 25) dialog: I don’t know who that is.
129) 27) dialog: Yeah.
129) 29) dialog: Mm-hm.
129) 31) dialog: It’s fine.
129) 35) dialog: (pause) I appreciate your offer but I’m really fine. I don’t carry a big debt sheet, I feel safe--
129) 37) dialog: Fellas, I'm sorry, it’s just a friendly game with higher stakes. It’s nice to meet you though. Let me know if there’s ever anything I can do for you, I like to do favors. They’ll put your drinks on my card. MOLLY gets up and heads out and suddenly we --
129) 39) dialog: There are some gaps in my memory, which they say is common when you've had what they call an event. For instance I don’t remember where I was coming from and I don’t remember walking into my building. Just that my doorman, Reggie, said he had packages for me.
130) 6) dialog: Thanks, Reg.
131) 0) text: MOLLY’s running a bath for herself.
131) 1) dialog: It was a night off and my plan was to take a bath and to try not to take drugs. The DOORBELL rings--
131) 2) dialog: Reggie came up with my packages. MOLLY unlocks the front door and begins to open it. As so as she does the door flies open and a STRANGER--a heavy s man in his 50’s--pushes MOLLY back into the apartment and slams the door shut behind him and locks it.
131) 3) dialog: I’m sorry, you’re in the wrong-- Wait, just hang on-- The STRANGER grabs MOLLY by the throat and slams her head against the wall.
131) 6) dialog: (barely a rasp) Yes.
132) 0) text: The STRANGER throws MOLLY down on the bed and MOLLY turns over so she’s sitting up by the headboard.
132) 1) dialog: I have a lot of money, it’s all cash.
132) 3) dialog: In the safe. The STRANGER grabs MOLLY by the hair--
132) 5) dialog: In the closet. Right here. He drags MOLLY by the hair to the safe and pushes her to knees and gestures toward the safe with the gun. MOLLY taps her code into the keypad and the door swings o revealing rubber-banded stacks of hundreds and some jewel boxes as well as documents. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 157.
132) 8) dialog: Please don’t. I have a family. *
132) 10) dialog: No, my mother-- *
132) 12) dialog: So that happened. --MOLLY pulling herself up to lock the deadbolt on the fr door and then sliding back down to the floor.
132) 13) dialog: I couldn’t call a doctor or go to an E.R. They’d take one look at me and call the police. --Blood and water swirling down a shower drain.
132) 14) dialog: My eyes were swollen and black, my lips were cut and bloody-- --MOLLY holds a folded, wet towel to her face, then lifts face off the towel and looks in the mirror.
132) 15) dialog: --there was dried blood caked all over my neck and chest and I couldn’t feel my face. It was Christmas Eve. --MOLLY sits alone, staring into space in her darkened apartment, lit only by the city lights out the window.
132) 16) dialog: Pat had set up the meeting. And he was how they knew where I lived. --MOLLY closes the blackout curtains in her bedroom again the daylight and then picks up a bag of ice and holds it against her face. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 159.
132) 17) dialog: I stayed in my apartment for two weeks waiting for my face to heal and waiting for the phone call I knew was coming. --MOLLY checks her phone.
132) 18) dialog: But the call didn’t come. Where was the call from Joey Bag-a-Donuts saying-- --She checks her phone again.
132) 19) dialog: --"So maybe you’ve had a change of heart?” --MOLLY opens her front door and there’s a stack of uncollected newspapers there.
132) 20) dialog: After 10 days I opened my front door for the first time. People were coming back into town after-- --She’s going through the newspapers, throwing out the ol ones after she scans the front page.
132) 21) dialog: --New Year’s in Cabo and St. Bart’s and South Beach. My phone was blowing up with “When’s the next game?” But nothing from John G. MOLLY discards a newspaper...and then looks at it again.
132) 22) dialog: And then right there on the front page of the The New York Times from 8 days ago--
132) 24) dialog: “Nearly 125 are Arrested in Sweeping FBI Mob Roundup.” Those guys were either laying low or they were in custody. Sometimes God happens fast. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 160.
133) 0) text: MOLLY’s face is almost healed and she’s applying make-up cover a dark spot under her eye.
133) 1) dialog: My face had healed enough so that a little make-up would cover the bruises that were left. I put together a week of games.
134) 1) dialog: One week of games to get the 2.8- million I’d loaned out in credit and then I was out, I was done. One week of epic games. I had some of my London players in town and the Russians had visiting friends from Moscow.
135) 1) dialog: Jesse and Shelby had already started the game at the Plaza and were reporting heavy early action. I was on my way when my phone rang. It was Douglas Downey. MOLLY answers her phone--
135) 2) dialog: (into phone) I’m on my way, Doug.
135) 4) dialog: What?
135) 6) dialog: Slow down. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 161.
135) 8) dialog: Who's bathroom?
135) 10) dialog: Why are you hiding in the bathroom?
135) 12) dialog: Doug, you’re drunk and a little hard to understand so I’ll see you in a few minutes when I get there.
135) 14) dialog: You’re speaking in book titles.
135) 16) dialog: Hang on--
135) 18) dialog: What did you mean when you said “securities fraud”?
135) 22) dialog: Were you arrested for securities fraud?
135) 24) dialog: Doug--
135) 26) dialog: Doug! Listen to me! I need you to pull it together for a second. MOLLY’s other phone starts BUZZING and she glances at it-
135) 28) dialog: Are you informing for the FBI?
135) 30) dialog: You're an FBI informant?
135) 32) dialog: Five blocks away the FBI had raided my game.
136) 0) text: MOLLY’s quickly rummaging through a series of designer ba until she finds some hundreds. She grabs them, grabs her laptop and grabs her bag and heads out.
136) 1) dialog: I fully expected the lobby to be filled with guys wearing windbreakers but it wasn’t. INT. MOLLY’S LOBBY - NIGHT MOLLY gets off the elevator and walks into the lobby.
136) 3) dialog: Yeah.
136) 5) dialog: I'll get it myself. Hey Reg. I guess you never made it upstairs with those packages. She stuffs a hundred dollar bill in his jacket--
136) 6) dialog: Maybe I didn’t tip you enough before Christmas. MOLLY heads out onto--
137) 1) dialog: I'd gone online and bought a plane ticket out of Newark Airport. She gets in the cab-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 164.
137) 2) dialog: JFK please. She opens her laptop and begins tapping keys--
137) 3) dialog: I logged into my bank account where the balance should have read a little more than 5-million dollars. MOLLY stares at something we can’t see. She’s expressionl Then we see the screen--
137) 4) dialog: It said I had negative 9-million, nine-hundred and ninety-nine thousand, nine-hundred and ninety- nine dollars and ninety-nine cents along with a note to contact the U.S. Attorney’s Office. My bank assets had been seized.
138) 0) text: MOLLY and CHARLIE are sitting across a table from HARRISO WELLSTONE and BRENNAN, two prosecutors in their 30’s.
139) 0) text: MOLLY, in jeans, a t-shirt, and a baseball cap, is waitin line at the checkout along with a half-dozen others--all women. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 165.
139) 1) dialog: My third week at rehab they took us on a field trip to a grocery store because most addicts have to be reintroduced to simple things like making your bed and buying eggs. One of the women further up in the line sees something on magazine rack and pulls it off. She begins excitedly talk to the others next to her and flipping through the pages.
139) 2) dialog: At the check-out line I saw one of my roommates pull a magazine off the rack. She started looking at me and back at the magazine and back at me. Then she showed me the cover and said, “Is this you?!” It was me, along with four of the players from the Hollywood game, including Player X and Player Y.
140) 0) text: MOLLY sits on the curb reading the magazine.
140) 1) dialog: They’d gotten a hold of someone's deposition from the Brad Marion bankruptcy suit. The game was run by a cocktail waitress turned poker princess who, they said, provided the players with drugs and prostitutes. A blind quote referred to Donnie Silverman, who they mis- referenced as a winner of the World Poker Championship. I can’t be a hundred percent sure that Louis Butterman gave my deposition to the tabloids, but I’m a hundred percent sure Louis Butterman gave my deposition to the tabloids.
141) 3) dialog: No sir.
141) 5) dialog: No
141) 8) dialog: I think he was talking to me.
141) 19) dialog: No.
141) 21) dialog: No, I’ve never traded sex for money. (beat) I’m still not sure if there’s a record but if there is I wanted to make sure that was in it.
141) 23) dialog: I was.
141) 25) dialog: Plus an FBI informant, it’s pretty embarrassing. They’re still waiting for an answer.
141) 26) dialog: (beat) I was high at the end and doing my job badly. I'll also add that in my limited experience with the Russian mob, they don’t give many clues that they’re mobsters. In my experience with the Italian mob on the other hand-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 168.
141) 28) dialog: I don’t know anything that can help you.
141) 30) dialog: If I did--
141) 32) dialog: (pause) Uh...No one was allowed to place sports bets from the room, they had to go outside--I’d have no idea how much anyone was taking or laying.
141) 34) dialog: No sir, that was the point of them leaving the room. They could’ve been calling their mothers for all I knew.
141) 36) dialog: Yes sir.
141) 42) dialog: They’re talking about the drug. (beat) “Get molly”, “Bring molly”, “We need molly”, they’re talking about the drug, ecstacy. There’s a long silence in the room...and then CHARLIE can help laughing--
141) 56) dialog: (pause) I am guilty.
141) 59) dialog: Yeah.
142) 0) text: The city’s decked out for Christmas. MOLLY’s standing in front of a hot dog cart across the street from the Plaza Hotel and staring up at her old stomping ground. She turn suddenly to the hot dog vendor. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 172.
142) 1) dialog: Hm? I’m sorry?
142) 3) dialog: (beat) Uh...a pretzel please. MOLLY takes two singles out of her wallet and trades them the pretzels.
142) 4) dialog: Thank you.
142) 6) dialog: To you too. MOLLY walks up the sidewalk a little bit--the street is l with carriages and horses. MOLLY stops at the first carri and asks the driver-- MOLLY (CONT’D) Is it okay if I feed your horse? The driver nods, “Sure go ahead.” MOLLY takes a piece of her pretzel, offers it in her flattened hand and the horse takes it.
142) 7) dialog: (whispering) On my signal, the revolution will begin, and I will lead us all to freedom. MOLLY rips her pretzel into a few pieces and drops them i the horse’s feed bucket. She shoves her hands in her coat pockets and moves on.
143) 0) text: MOLLY’s walking down a path and the skating rink comes in view. It’s lit up and the skaters are making their way ar the rink with Christmas music coming from the speakers.
144) 0) text: MOLLY steps up to the window which is being manned by a woman. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 173.
144) 1) dialog: Hi, I’d like to rent a pair of skates, size 6, but I just spent my last two dollars on dinner which I ended up feeding to a horse. These are 800-dollar leather Chanel gloves and I’1ll trade you.
144) 3) dialog: Yes. And they keep your hands just as warm as the 10-dollar kind.
144) 5) dialog: Mm-hm. I’m divesting.
145) 0) text: MOLLY’s finishing lacing her skates on a bench, takes off coat and steps out onto the rink. As soon as she begins skating it’s clear that she knows how to skate. And as sh starts skating faster it’s clear that if she hadn’t chose skiing she could’ve had a future in speed skating. She begins to skate faster and faster--weaving through th other skaters with impressive grace and athleticism. And speed. More and more and more speed as she begins her sec lap. Faster. Effortless speed. Two RINK EMPLOYEES on skates and in orange vests see her one of them shouts out--
145) 6) dialog: (calling back) Catch me! (louder) Come on! Catch me! MOLLY flips forward again and rockets away. As she passes group of observers watching from the railing she hears a man’s voice off-screen.
145) 8) dialog: (to the other skaters) Sorry. Sorry. The two RINK EMPLOYEES skate up and grab MOLLY by each ar
146) 0) text: MOLLY’s father puts her coat over her as she sits on the bench.
146) 1) dialog: What are you doing in New York and how did you know I was at the skating rink? ee OK
146) 4) dialog: That’s weird, I can’t think of why.
146) 6) dialog: Old man, do you really not recognize sarcasm?
146) 8) dialog: I can’t drink, I’m an alcoholic but thanks for remembering.
146) 10) dialog: Okay.
146) 12) dialog: (pause) Dad--
146) 14) dialog: (pause) Have you found a pulse?
146) 18) dialog: Dad, I can see you're getting warmed up but I don’t have the emotional bandwidth to defend my “as usual irresponsible behavior.”
146) 20) dialog: You think what I need right now is a therapist?
146) 22) dialog: I have to be back at my lawyer’s office soon.
146) 24) dialog: I wasn’t asking for money when I called you, dad, I just needed my dad. And God forbid you part with a nickel.
146) 26) dialog: (getting up) I have to go.
146) 28) dialog: I have to go. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 177.
146) 31) dialog: How?
146) 33) dialog: To what?
146) 35) dialog: Why did I choose to make a lot of money, that’s a head scratcher.
146) 37) dialog: (beat) I don’t know. Drugs. Her father waves that off--
146) 39) dialog: That’s really what you think? Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 178.
146) 41) dialog: I saw an opportunity, it wasn’t about you.
146) 43) dialog: It wasn’t at all about you.
146) 45) dialog: Do you think you were a good husband?
146) 47) dialog: I care because you were married to my mother! I care because my father’s an asshole!
146) 49) dialog: I’m about to plead guilty ina federal court.
146) 53) dialog: I have to go.
146) 55) dialog: Why didn’t you like me as much as my brothers?
146) 57) dialog: (pause) It only appeared that you didn’t?
146) 59) dialog: That’s some Category-5 bullshit, dad. Why would--It only appeared-- Why would--Okay, I had an attitude. I talked back. And I broke some normal adolescent rules. I snuck phone time past curfew, I took your car when I wasn’t allowed to--
146) 61) dialog: And kids get punished for that but they don’t get--you’d turn into another person--your voice, your face, it was--
146) 63) dialog: (pause) You knew I knew what?
148) 1) dialog: I didn’t know that until I was 20. He shakes his head “No”...
150) 2) dialog: --and wanting to have power over powerful men?
150) 4) dialog: You’re such an asshole, dad--
150) 8) dialog: (smiles) Don’t even joke about that, Dad.
150) 10) dialog: It wasn’t a purse snatcher, it was the mafia.
150) 14) dialog: It’s okay, dad. It’s alright-- Her father is holding her tight--
150) 16) dialog: I’m fine. Really, dad, I’m fine.
150) 18) dialog: Did you know that the center of our galaxy smells like rum and raspberries? It’s true. At the center of the galaxy is ethyl formate, which is the same gas that gives rum its smell and raspberries their taste.
150) 20) dialog: To stay busy during games I surfed the internet. Then I started taking online courses. I’m 12 credits away from a degree in astronomy, I didn’t even know I was enrolled. (pause) I want to thank you for what you said tonight.
150) 22) dialog: What is it? Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 183.
150) 24) dialog: (pause) I don’t get it.
150) 26) dialog: In exchange--What could they possibly offer me to do that?
150) 28) dialog: (pause) Yeah, that sounds about right. CHARLIE laughs a little.
150) 29) dialog: Is that why they took the money in the first place? So they could offer it back to me?
150) 31) dialog: A four and a half million dollar espresso machine?
150) 33) dialog: Yes but that’s different from voluntarily handing it over.
150) 37) dialog: (beat) Why do you keep breaking eye contact with me?
150) 39) dialog: You think I should do it.
150) 41) dialog: You've seen what’s on those hard drives.
150) 43) dialog: A lot more than a little color.
150) 45) dialog: Careers will be ruined. Families. Wives, lives on both coasts--
150) 47) dialog: Children will read their father’s text messages saying he wished he’d never had kids. These guys-- Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
150) 49) dialog: If this is about paying your fee--
150) 51) dialog: You’re gonna pay yourself two- hundred and--
150) 53) dialog: It’s not their names I’m protecting, Charlie, it’s mine.
150) 55) dialog: Frame it anyway you want but it’s still throwing other people under the bus.
150) 57) dialog: I never thought I'd hear you say that. 185. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
150) 59) dialog: No.
150) 61) dialog: It’s not.
150) 63) dialog: I noticed you kept that out of your speech to the prosecutors but it’s not.
150) 65) dialog: It doesn’t have anything to do with that!
150) 67) dialog: (calmly) ‘Kay Listen to me. I’m named after my great-grandmother.
150) 69) dialog: Molly Dubin Bloom--
150) 71) dialog: --is my name.
150) 73) dialog: I do!
150) 75) dialog: Because--
150) 77) dialog: Because it’s--
150) 79) dialog: (shouting) BECAUSE IT’S ALL I HAVE LEFT! BECAUSE IT’S MY NAME! (deliberately--knowingly) “And I‘ll never have another.”
150) 82) dialog: (pause) Yeah, everyone’s right, it’s great. (beat) I want to go into court and plead guilty. No deals, no trades...I want to plead guilty for the crime I’m guilty of.
150) 84) dialog: This was all me. Listen up a second okay? For most of my life, for whatever reason, I’ve experienced men as nocturnal predators. Degenerate gluttons of sloth. Crass and stupid misogynists who measure their worth in worthless ways.
150) 86) dialog: (pause) No, Counselor Ego. I’ve known good men--beginning with my father and my brothers.
150) 88) dialog: But you confirmed it wasn’t a fluke.
151) 0) text: It’s a freezing cold day. Paparazzi and a couple of TMZ-t film crews are behind police sawhorses. MOLLY--along with MOTHER, FATHER and her two handsome brothers, JORDAN and JEREMY, step out of a black SUV where they’re met by CHAR STELLA, and a couple of UNIFORMED POLICE OFFICERS. They h up the courthouse steps as cameras come to life and some questions we can’t really make out are shouted and ignore Molly’s MOTHER takes her arm. MOLLY turns to her--
151) 1) dialog: You alright?
151) 3) dialog: There you are. (then to her FATHER) You alright? Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 189.
151) 5) dialog: I know.
151) 7) dialog: Yeah.
151) 9) dialog: Yup. They head into the courthouse as we --
152) 0) text: Not too many people. It’s just another day’s business for court. The family takes its seats and STELLA takes a seat few rows down and on the aisle. HARRISON and BRENNAN are already at the prosecutor’s table discussing some things. MOLLY walks in with CHARLIE and they head down to the def table.
152) 1) dialog: (TO CHARLIE)
152) 4) dialog: (pause) There’s gonna come a moment in your life that tests your character. When that moment comes, it’1l be better if you don’t have any. After a moment, STELLA smiles and then laughs a little. M gives her a light smack on the knee and joins Charlie at table. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 190.
152) 5) dialog: The business of the court began. We continue semi-MOS as Molly begins narrating over a ser of easy DISSOLVES--
152) 9) dialog: We stood for the Honorable Judge Dustin Foxman and counsel entered their names for the record.
152) 10) dialog: The docket was called and some pro forma instructions were given to counsel. CHARLIE stand up.
152) 11) dialog: And I was asked a series of questions from a script the judge had in front of him.
152) 13) dialog: Molly Dubin Bloom.
152) 15) dialog: Sudafed.
152) 22) dialog: No, sir.
152) 24) dialog: 87 questions he was required to ask before he’d permit me to plead guilty.
152) 26) dialog: Yes it is.
152) 28) dialog: I do.
152) 30) dialog: Yes Your Honor.
152) 32) dialog: Yes sir.
152) 38) dialog: Yes sir.
152) 39) dialog: Yes Your Honor.
152) 40) dialog: Yes sir.
152) 42) dialog: Yes sir.
152) 44) dialog: Yes sir.
152) 46) dialog: Yes, I understand.
152) 48) dialog: Yes sir. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 193.
152) 50) dialog: Guilty, Your Honor.
152) 52) dialog: And then something happened.
152) 55) dialog: (beat) What’s going on?
152) 57) dialog: (pause) What is it usually?
152) 59) dialog: (pause) I can’t feel my legs. I’ve never been this scared in my life. CHARLIE looks at her...
152) 63) dialog: It was as casual as if he was ordering lunch off a menu.
152) 65) dialog: And that was that. There was crying and hugging, jokes from my brothers--
153) 0) text: --as MOLLY, CHARLIE, STELLA, and MOLLY’s FAMILY exit and down the stairs with CHARLIE casually waving off question 195.
153) 1) dialog: --tough talk about how no one messes with the Blooms and level- headed talk about Christmas miracles.
154) 1) dialog: Steaks and beer bought by my father and full reenactments. In the middle of the revelry, we start to slowly PUSH IN MOLLY, whose face is beginning to change a little.
154) 2) dialog: And in the middle of it all, as grateful as you are, the reality starts creeping toward you like the tide. And that’s the first time you have the thought...”What do I do now?”
155) 0) text: It’s the slope we were on at the beginning, windy and forbidding. We’re watching from a few hundred feet away a we can barely see MOLLY on the ground where she’s just ha her accident. She’s surrounded by EMTs, ski patrol, her c and her father. From time to time we’ll see the other ski standing by silently, waiting and hoping. We can hear the two TV COMMENTATORS--one male, one female and a female REPORTER on the ground near the action.
155) 3) dialog: I'm a felon. I’m 35 years old, unemployed, and pled guilty ina mob indictment. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 196.
155) 5) dialog: I owe the government close to two- million dollars in taxes assessed on the civil forfeiture plus the hundred-thousand dollar fine. And they’re gonna come get it.
155) 7) dialog: I have a quarter of a million dollars in legal bills.
155) 9) dialog: I don’t know what I’d say in a job interview, or if I’ll ever be given a job interview. I won’t know how to explain this. And for some reason I’m never allowed to go to Canada.
155) 14) dialog: And I’m not allowed to vote. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 197.
155) 22) dialog: Did anything good come of this? Not really. But I learned things. For instance the largest diamond ever found isn’t on Earth. It’s a burned out corpse of a star that’s 50 light years away in the Constellation Centaurus.
155) 24) dialog: It weighs 5-million trillion trillion pounds which is 10-billion trillion trillion carats. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 198.
155) 26) dialog: So I learned that our galaxy smells like rum and raspberries and has a floating diamond the size of Polaris. APPLAUSE from all the spectators and officials.
155) 28) dialog: And I learned that I’m very hard to kill.