12) 14) dialog: Why didn’t you tell me this before? Susan’s mother sits quietly fuming. She speaks calmly but there is an edge to her voice.
12) 15) dialog: You are actually going to leave New York and move to Austin to go to the god damned University of Texas? I thought you loved Columbia. (MORE )
12) 17) dialog: What happened to their “great art history department”? She pauses a moment. Susan, why are you doing this? I mean, where is this going to go?
12) 19) dialog: This is a ridiculous conversation. You're too young to get married.
12) 21) dialog: That was different. Bass is your equal.
12) 23) dialog: Why do you always think the worst of me? That is not what I meant. What I meant is that you are very, very strong willed and as sweet as he is, Edward is just too weak for you.
12) 25) dialog: Don’t bring Cooper into this. Come on Susan. You may not think that we care about the same things but you’re wrong. In a few years, all these “bourgeois” things as you so like to call them will become very important to you. Edward won’t be able to give them to you. He has no money. He’s not driven. He’s not ambitious. And if you marry Edward, I can promise you that your father is not going to give them to you either.
12) 27) dialog: A different kind of strength? And what kind of strength is that?
12) 29) dialog: Susan, keep seeing him if you have to. Live with him. I don’t care, but don’t marry him. I understand what you see in Edward. I get it. Susan starts to turn her head away
12) 30) dialog: No wait. I do. He’s the opposite of your father. He’s a romantic, but he’s also very fragile. I saw that when his father died.
12) 32) dialog: Don’t do this. You’1ll regret it and you'll only hurt Edward in the end. What you love about him now, you'll hate about him in a few years. You may not realize it but you and I are a lot more alike than you think. Anne spots a piece of lint on Susan’s sweater. She reache forward and pulls it off. Susan watches her mother do thi and recoils slightly.
12) 34) dialog: Really? Just wait. We all eventually turn into our mothers. Anne turns away from Susan and takes a sip of her martini END FLASHBACK. INT. MORROW RESIDENCE - SUSAN’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 49 Susan is sitting on the small sofa in her room, staring o into the LA night. She flicks open her computer, looks at the note from Edwa and types in the e-mail address. She rapidly types out a note to him but then deletes it a starts again. After a bit of deliberation she writes: Dear Edward, I am reading your book. It’s devastating. I am deeply mov It is beautifully written. I would love to meet on Tuesda evening. Let me know if you are still free. Much to say. Love, Susan She presses “send” and then snaps the computer closed. 50 51 61.