5) 0) text: Tony and Lou run towards the GTO as the dust still linger from the other car.
5) 1) dialog: You drive. Tony gets into the dark green car. Lou sits next to him o the passenger side. Tony starts the car as quickly as he and speeds off after the Mercedes. He reaches an exit.
5) 3) dialog: The exit for what?
5) 5) dialog: Keep going. 39. The car bounces off of the pavement on to a dirt road. As they round a corner they pass an old abandoned adobe chur Tony slows the car.
5) 6) dialog: Keep going. Speed up. They pass through a chain link gate onto an even less traveled road.
5) 8) dialog: Here. Turn down here. Tony stops the car.
5) 10) dialog: Listen mister. You wanna see your wife and kid? Then turn down that road. Tony hangs his head.
5) 11) dialog: You gonna cry now? Tony slowly raises his head, and steps on the gas. As the car makes the turn the lights illuminate the brush for ju an instant. There is an old trailer off of the side of th road. A dark colored car is parked in a turnout next to t trailer, partially hidden behind a cluster of mesquite tr
5) 13) dialog: It ain’t your car man. Keep goin. Tony continues to drive.
5) 14) dialog: I don’t think you need to worry about your wife and kid. Like I say you don’t need to worry about them. 40.
5) 16) dialog: Calm down. He ain’t never killed nobody yet. That’s all I mean. At least as far as I know he ain't.
5) 18) dialog: I said he AIN'T killed nobody yet. His voice is very quiet.
5) 19) dialog: If you’d listen to me you would hear what I was saying. They come to a clearing were the tracks disappear into th grass. The site is littered with beer bottles and a few shotgun cartridges. Tony comes to a stop.
5) 20) dialog: Well, looks like we run outta road. They ain’t here. Wonder if I made a mistake. It’s time for you to get out now okay? Before he knows it, Lou jumps out of the door, comes arou to Tony’s side of the car and flings the door open.
5) 21) dialog: 
5) 23) dialog: You'll get killed if you don’t watch it. He gets into the car, slams the door, jerks forward, and starts back up the deserted road. Tony chases after the c and bangs on the door as Lou kicks the dust up in Tony’s face. 26 41. Tony watches the red lights disappear. Except for the lig of the vast sky and the sound of coyotes in the distance night is completely black. Tony sits down on the ground and starts to cry. He pounds fists into his legs.
5) 26) dialog: Hey mister! Your wife wants you! Tony holds still.
5) 28) dialog: Mister? Your wife wants you. Silence. Footsteps in the brush very close by.
5) 29) dialog: Mister! Ah Shit! The men get back in the car and slam the doors. The light the car illuminate the top of the grass and brush like a movie stage. After a moment the car turns back down the d road. 27 28 29 30 42. Tony stays flat against the ground. Silence. The sounds o the desert. In the distance the whooshing sound seems lou than before. Tony pulls himself up and starts walking towards the soun As Tony walks through the desert brush the sky begins to lighten a bit to a deep violet. Tony climbs down an arroyo and crawls under a barbed wire fence. As he does he falls to the ground and twists his ankle. The sky is beginning to turn a light pink.
16) 17) dialog: You know my name. I told you. What’s going on?
16) 19) dialog: No. I don’t know him. Who is he?
16) 25) dialog: I don’t know what you are talking about. I never saw him in my life.
16) 27) dialog: Who?
16) 29) dialog: I never heard of them.
16) 31) dialog: No sir. Andes leans back against the wall and stares intently at Lou begins to tremble.
24) 15) dialog: I didn’t tell him anything.
24) 17) dialog: Shit man. That’s what he told me about you. Lou looks at Bobby. Outraged.
24) 18) dialog: You’re supposed to be the law man. What kind of bull shit is this? 97.
24) 22) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
24) 27) dialog: What? He’s got a gun.