0) 0) text: Red frizzy hair flies across our screen in slow motion. Glimpses of tinsel, and a transparent peignoir momentaril hide a large pair of sagging breasts swinging from side t side and bouncing up and down. Dead silence as the moveme gradually speeds up to real time. We slowly pull back to reveal that our image is that of a giant nude woman dress in nothing but tiny bits of glitter, white vinyl boots an small tulle cape. She is gyrating madly and flinging her around in some sort of windstorm. As we pull back further come to understand that what we are looking at is an art installation: a floor to ceiling LCD screen. The sound of breathing. A close up of a woman’s eyes now fills our screen. SUSAN MORROW, 42, handsome. Sleek. Ther a very slight hint of panic on her face as she stares acr the crowded, brightly lit room. Abruptly our sound snaps on at a deafening decibel level we hear what seems like a thousand voices screaming over other. The screens cover the four walls of the gallery and the effect of wall to wall, floor to ceiling breast and ass jiggling is oddly impressive. The obese women on the LCD screens are nude but dressed in bits and pieces of Americ one is playing the part of a cheerleader with red tinsel poms, one a majorette twirling a baton while another wear beauty queen’s ribbon and waves small American flags. The taunt us and tease us. On raised plinths scattered around the room are incredibl life like sculptures of seemingly the same corpulent wome our video screens. These women appear to be dead and are lying face down. Nude except for jewelry, shoes and small bits of tinsel wrapped around their ankles and waists. The room is jammed with people laughing and talking. The crowd is a collection of what passes in contemporary Los Angeles culture as the chic and fashionable. Photographer track several of the guests as the flash of their cameras heightens the excitement in the room.
2) 11) text: Well I see we're settling for less now! The women break into hysterical laughter once again. We cut to Susan’s face. Her mouth literally hangs open as stands staring at the television and holding the remote i her hand trying to get the television to turn off.
2) 12) dialog: Beyond. She tosses the remote on the bed in disgust and walks out the room leaving the television still on.
3) 2) dialog: Actually, why don’t you give everyone the weekend off.
3) 4) dialog: Yes. We might go to the beach house and if not it might be nice to have the weekend alone.
3) 6) dialog: Thank you. Susan stares at the package for a moment. It is a simple wrapped in plain brown paper. Susan begins to rip the wrapping off of the box. As she d she cuts her finger on the edge of the paper. She winces, looks at the blood and then quickly puts her finger in her mouth. SUSAN (CONT’D) Damn it. Christopher, I’m sorry but could you help me open this? I just cut my finger. Paper cut.
3) 8) dialog: Thank you. Christopher rips the paper off of the package. Inside is neat grey linen archival box and a hand written note.
3) 10) dialog: It’s okay. You can read it. Christopher reads the note aloud.
3) 12) dialog: Go ahead.
3) 16) dialog: Thanks. Christopher places the note back on the box and leaves th room. Susan’s gaze is transfixed as she stares down at th note. She picks up the box and carries it into the kitchen. INT. MORROW RESIDENCE - KITCHEN. MORNING -- CONTINUOUS. HUTTON MORROW, 44 years old, tall, athletic and well groo dressed in a crisp white button down shirt, blue blazer a grey pants, enters the room. Hutton’s face gives away the fact that he has not slept. Susan is washing the cut on her finger at the sink.
3) 18) dialog: Good morning.
3) 20) dialog: It’s a manuscript that Edward sent me. He wrote a novel.
3) 22) dialog: Edward, my first husband. Remember him? Hutton is
3) 24) dialog: Yes you did. He was writing a novel when you and got together, you just don’t remember.
3) 26) dialog: 19. No. I tried calling hima couple of times a few years ago but he just hung up on me. I think he’s teaching English at some prep school in Dallas. It’s sad really. He never remarried. not really listening. He is putting a Nespresso pod into the coffee machine. She turns SUSAN (CONT’D) Where were you last night? You didn’t come by the gallery.
3) 28) dialog: It would have taken you 15 minutes. 15 minutes and it would have meant a lot to me. (Pause) Never mind. away from him. SUSAN (CONT’D) You didn’t come to bed last night.
3) 30) dialog: Well, I wasn’t asleep. I was too wound up from the opening. Hutton tosses his newspaper on the counter and begins to read. SUSAN (CONT’D) It went well by the way. Apparently.
3) 32) dialog: Look. Why don’t you and I go to the beach. We can go tonight and come back on Monday. Maybe if we just spent some time, just the two of us... Susan glances up at him. SUSAN (CONT’D) Why are you wearing this blazer on a Saturday?
3) 34) dialog: You just came from there.
3) 37) dialog: It’s okay. 11 12 Susan looks at crate in the hall. SUSAN (CONT’D) You know, the strange thing is that I don’t really care about all of this art.
3) 39) dialog: I know. But it’s true.
3) 41) dialog: I know you do. She pauses a moment. SUSAN (CONT’D) Don’t worry, I can fill the walls with some new LA artists and people will think we’re ahead of the curve instead of going broke. You won't have to be embarrassed. Hutton glares at her as she walks away.
4) 0) text: Susan and Hutton get out of their car. A black vintage Bentley coupe. There are several impressive and flashy ca parked in front of the door.
4) 4) dialog: He’s just having a hard time with his business right now. They glance across the room at Hutton who is speaking wit CARLOS HOLT early 50's, silver hair, tall and elegant.
4) 6) dialog: I’m surprised. I thought we were hiding it pretty well. Hutton would be very upset to find out that anyone knew. He just hates not to win. She looks over at him.
4) 11) dialog: I'm fine. I’m fine. I just can’t believe I told you all of those things. I feel embarrassed about it. What right do I have to not be happy? I have everything. I feel ungrateful not to be happy.
4) 13) dialog: How do you do it?
4) 15) dialog: Hutton and I don’t have that.
4) 17) dialog: I think we just want different things. Or maybe I want different things.
4) 19) dialog: I'm being summoned. Pardon me. He has to catch a plane. I need to say goodbye. Susan crosses the room to Hutton and leads him to the doo Alessia stares after her.
4) 22) dialog: I hope that this deal works out for you. I really do. I know that you need it.
4) 24) dialog: No, you need this. She leans in to kiss him on the cheek. She watches the ca pull out of the driveway and goes back into the house. INT. HOLT RESIDENCE, BEL AIR CALIFORNIA. NIGHT -- LATER. The flamboyant and eclectic guests are seated around the dining table finishing dessert. Conversation at the table lively, and somewhat loud. Susan is seated next to Carlos 13. At that moment the other end of the table erupts with laughter as CHLOE, 24, a beautiful young actress finishes story. She speaks with a strong southern accent and has a certain vapid charm. The table is riveted.
4) 26) dialog: I’ve got to get some Pam. And she is going to get a nomination this year.
4) 29) dialog: Not mine.
4) 31) dialog: Really? Is that what you thought?
4) 33) dialog: No.
4) 35) dialog: It is junk. Total junk.
4) 37) dialog: So why do we do it?
4) 39) dialog: And then we find out that they don’t.
4) 234) dialog: Why didn’t you call to let me know that you got in safely.
4) 238) dialog: Where are you?
4) 242) dialog: That’s not our usual floor.
4) 244) dialog: I hope you got some sleep on the plane. I do worry about you, even though you think I don’t. You must be exhausted. I hate that flight. It’s too short to really...
4) 249) dialog: Yes. I heard you. Get some sleep. She hangs up the phone. Susan sits staring into space, on the edge of her bed. Sh closes her eyes.
6) 0) text: Tony sits in a glassed in room starring into space. INT. MORROW RESIDENCE SUSAN’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 29 Susan lies on her bed deep in thought. She is holding ont small gold cross around her neck. “Nocturnal Animals” lie next to her.
9) 0) text: Susan lies in her tub with her eyes open. Thinking. There only a dim light in the room coming from the open door. INT. MORROW RESIDENCE - SUSAN’S BEDROOM. EARLY MORNING. 3 Susan lies on her bed motionless, staring at the ceiling. is another grey foggy LA day. INT. MOTEL, WEST TEXAS. TONY’S ROOM. DAY. 35 Tony lies on the bed sprawled out with his shirt off. His hair is wet. The air conditioner is on full blast. 36
11) 2) dialog: I'm fine. I just wanted to hear your voice. I miss you. A rustling sound as Sam drops the phone and then picks it again. We hear movement in the background and a muffled whisper.
11) 4) dialog: Yeah. I’m sorry sweetheart. Go back to sleep.
11) 6) dialog: I'm fine. It’s nothing. Go back to bed sweetheart. (Pause) I love you. 44 50.
11) 10) dialog: Edward? Edward! Edward turns around. He is handsome, beautiful in a boyis way. It is striking how much Edward looks like Tony from “Nocturnal Animals” although he has lighter hair, is youn and clean shaven. It is beginning to snow and starting to dark.
11) 13) dialog: What are you doing in New York?
11) 15) dialog: Columbia? I thought that you were at the University of Texas, becoming a great writer.
11) 17) dialog: Columbia graduate school. Art History. They look silently at each other for a moment. SUSAN (CONT’D) Do you know anyone here?
11) 19) dialog: Would you like to have dinner?
11) 21) dialog: Walk me home and I’11l drop these off. Edward takes her shopping bags. SUSAN (CONT’D) Thank you. I miss Texas men.
11) 25) dialog: And you were his first crush.
11) 27) dialog: I don’t think he did either. Then. But he was obsessed with you. If I hadn't caught you looking at me all the time I would have thought the two of you were sleeping together.
11) 29) dialog: You’re good you know. Most guys would be freaked out to find out that their best friend had been in love with them. Call him, he’d like that. My parents have basically disowned him. They don’t really speak anymore.
11) 31) dialog: Are you kidding? You know my parents. Religious, conservative, sexist, racist, materialistic, Republican, narcissistic.
11) 33) dialog: It’s true. They’re pretty narrow. They look at us as just an extension of themselves. They can’t accept Cooper for who he is. I’m not sure how I will fare. 53.
11) 35) dialog: No. I don’t think so. They have a pretty antiquated idea about how I am supposed to live my life. My mother especially.
11) 38) dialog: What?
11) 40) dialog: What a weird thing to say.
11) 42) dialog: Please don’t say that. I don’t want to be like my mother.
11) 44) dialog: I thought I was the only one that felt that way. 54.
11) 46) dialog: I tried so hard to seem perfect.
11) 48) dialog: No. Edward looks at her. He smiles.
11) 50) dialog: You'll definitely make a great novelist. You’ve created a completely fictitious character in your head.
11) 53) dialog: I’m too cynical to be an artist. I think to be good, you have to create from some sort of place inside that I’m not sure that I have.
11) 55) dialog: Would you come home with me? 46 55.
11) 57) dialog: You know debutantes are all sluts. (Pause) And you know, you were my first crush too. Edward smiles at this.
12) 18) dialog: What do you mean where is it going to go? I’m going to marry Edward. That’s where it’s going to go.
12) 20) dialog: Oh really? Didn't you try to convince me just last summer that I should marry Bass?
12) 22) dialog: Oh my god, did you just say that? You really just said that? That came out of your mouth?
12) 24) dialog: Weak isn’t the word I would use to describe Edward. Sensitive is the word I would use and that’s certainly not a word that I could ever use to describe anyone in this family, except maybe Cooper. 59.
12) 26) dialog: No, he’s not driven in the way that you want him to be, but you’re wrong. He’s strong. Stronger than I am in a lot of ways. He just has a different kind of strength.
12) 28) dialog: The strength to believe in himself. To believe in me. Anne collects herself and leans into the table.
12) 31) dialog: When did you become so compassionate and understanding. 49 60. Anne glares at her.
12) 33) dialog: You're wrong. You and I are nothing alike.
14) 0) text: A bleak hillside. Brown grass and bare trees as Tony appe over the hill in his running clothes. He has on a light jacket and long tight running pants. He is clean shaven. looks thinner. It is remarkable how he now looks almost exactly like Edward. Dark circles ring his eyes and a cer dead quality is evident in his expression. TONY V.O. I know it was him! ANDES V.O. Well, that may be but nobody’s seen him around here lately. Now listen, I’ve got to be honest with you. Right now it’s not looking good. Sometimes these cases go for months or even years without a break. You need to prepare yourself for that. Tony stops running and catches his breath. CUT TO BLACK. INT. HASTINGS RESIDENCE - TONY’S BATHROOM. EVENING. 55 Tony stands still in the shower. Just letting the hot wat run over him. INT. MORROW RESIDENCE - SUSAN’S BATHROOM. EVENING. 56 Susan is in the shower leaning against the wall, just let the water run over her face and body. She is deep in thou
17) 0) text: Susan is sitting at her desk going through e-mails. Susan assistant ALEX, 26, tall and stunning enters the room.
17) 2) dialog: What did you say?
17) 4) dialog: You know me. I never sleep. My ex husband used to call me a “nocturnal animal”.
17) 6) dialog: When I was in graduate school. It was only for a couple of years. It’s weird, I’ve been thinking about him a lot lately and then a few days ago he sent me a book he’s written. It’s violent and it’s sad. He called it “Nocturnal Animals” and dedicated it to me.
17) 8) dialog: Yes. I loved him. He was a writer. I didn’t have faith in him. I panicked and I did something horrible to him. Something unforgivable. Really. 61 70.
17) 10) dialog: I left him. In a brutal way, for the handsome and dashing Hutton.
17) 12) dialog: Yes. Do you ever feel like your life has turned into something that you never intended? She looks at her and pauses a moment. SUSAN (CONT’D) No. Of course you don’t. You just started living your life. She looks closely at Susan.
17) 14) dialog: No.
17) 16) dialog: Where did this come from?
17) 18) dialog: Yes. Sage is holding a phone with a black and white image on t screen and the loud sound of breathing coming from it.
17) 19) dialog: What is that?
17) 21) dialog: Really? Do you not trust your nanny?
17) 23) dialog: Oh my god, I’m so sorry. 62 63 72.
17) 25) dialog: I thought I saw someone.
17) 27) dialog: I’m sorry about the screen.
17) 39) dialog: I agree with Linda. We hired her and we need to support her. The room is surprised by Susan’s response. Susan looks at Samantha. She is taken a back and looks at almost as though she has never seen her before. SUSAN (CONT’D) New doctor? Samantha glares at her.
17) 42) dialog: Well, now I think we should keep her. She looks at Samantha’s swollen lips. SUSAN (CONT’D) Sometimes maybe it’s not a good idea to change things quite so much.
18) 0) text: Susan walks into the house. Dead silence. She places her in the entry hall. She stares out at the lawn. It is dusk the city lights are just becoming visible through the mis The large plinth that held the Koons is now empty and the lawn cleaned up. She walks through the living room which now immaculate but bare. Susan pours herself a drink. The white Calder moves in the breeze from the air conditioner Susan is alone. She walks to the window with her drink in her hand and st out across the lights of Los Angeles.
20) 0) text: Susan is startled away from the book by the sound of the flaring up in the fireplace. She is lying on the sofa rea and looks up and stares at the flames. FLASHBACK - INT. EDWARD AND SUSAN’S APARTMENT, AUSTIN 199 -- NIGHT. A white brick fireplace holds a dying fire. Susan is lyin a red velvet sofa reading loose printed pages. She is concentrating.
20) 1) text: Is it better? Susan looks up slowly. She sighs.
20) 2) dialog: You'll take this the wrong way but I think that you need to stop writing about yourself.
20) 4) dialog: I know. But I don’t know what else to say. My mind started to wander while I was reading which is not a good thing. Edward is clearly devastated.
20) 6) dialog: Maybe you do.
20) 8) dialog: Get some space from it.
20) 10) dialog: I didn’t say that.
20) 12) dialog: I do think you should go back to school. I think you need to be realistic. I mean come on, you’re really smart. A part time job ina book store and writing a novel is a romantic idea but is this really our life? Is this what it’s going to be? For how long?
20) 14) dialog: Well, you always said I was so like her. That’s why I hate reading your work. You always get so fucking defensive about it.
20) 16) dialog: No, I don’t because I’m not creative, Edward.
21) 0) text: The book slides from Susan’s lap to the ground. She sits and collects herself. She bends down to pick the book up. 72 73 87.
22) 31) dialog: Edward, you have to realize this is not working. We’re not right for each other, I wish we were, but we're just not.
22) 33) dialog: No Edward. We're not. We might be perfect for each other if we didn’t live in the real world. I need a life that is more structured and I need a future that is more structured. I want to be the person that you want me to be but I just can’t.
22) 35) dialog: I really wanted to be this person that you thought I was. I really did, but I’m just not that person. I just don’t have your kind of faith in things. I’m cynical, I’m pragmatic. I’m a realist.
22) 37) dialog: No, I’m not scared Edward. I’m unhappy. I’m just really, really unhappy. at him. Edward is shaken. SUSAN (CONT’D) We're different and we want different things. (MORE )
22) 38) text: SUSAN (CONT’D) You're wonderful and romantic, and sweet and sensitive, and all the things I’m not. Life for you is a kind of a dream.
22) 40) dialog: I did not say that you were weak! I said sensitive, and romantic.
22) 42) dialog: That is not the point. He turns and holds her by the shoulders.
22) 44) dialog: Yes. I love you.
22) 46) dialog: I can’t do this with you any more Edward. I just can’t keep doing this. Susan pulls away and walks off. Edward stands on the sidewalk. He shouts after her.
26) 3) dialog: I'll live to regret this. I regret it now. Susan shakes her head. She is staring down at her knees. is fingering the small gold cross at her neck. SUSAN (CONT’D) You know, I don’t even believe in abortions. I’m Catholic.
26) 5) dialog: You're anything but useless. You always seem to know exactly what to do. Thank you. Hutton reaches across and clenches Susan’s hand. SUSAN (CONT’D) I don’t think I can ever look at Edward again. It would kill him to know that I’ve done this to his child. It’s killing me. Susan begins to cry. Hutton reaches across and holds her.
26) 7) dialog: What have I done? Hutton leans over and holds Susan tight as she cries.
26) 9) dialog: Oh my god no. Edward. Our camera lingers on Edward's face. END FLASHBACK.
28) 0) text: Susan is in her tub. Her face is completely submerged. He eyes are open. She suddenly sits up and gasps for air. 90 91 92 107.
28) 2) dialog: (Softly) Edward. CUT TO BLACK. INT. MORROW RESIDENCE - SUSAN’S BEDROOM. NIGHT -- LATER. The lights are out. Susan is lying in bed wide awake thinking. Her eyes are still wet. Her thoughts are interrupted by the buzz of an e-mail on her phone. She reaches over to the bedside table and opens the message. Dear Susan, Just let me know when and where. Edward. A soft smile comes over Susan’s face as she quickly types a response. 93 94 108.
29) 0) text: Susan stands in front of her bathroom mirror. She is dres to go out. She raises her face slightly and looks at hers intently. She reaches for a tissue and wipes the lipstick of her mouth. She begins to put her wedding ring back on her finger but stops for a moment and looks at her hand. She slips the r back into the tray on her dressing table.
29) 3) dialog: Yes, thank you. Scotch on the rocks. Susan is seated next to a young couple who are leaning in closely to each other. Time passes. Lingering shots of Susan. Her hands as she f the finger where her wedding ring usually rests. Her legs they cross and uncross. Long shot of her sitting by herse in a room full of people looking back towards the entry d of the restaurant. She has finished her drink.
29) 5) dialog: Yes, thank you. More time passes. She finishes her second drink. The coup next to her has now left and the table is empty. 109. Long shot of Susan sitting alone in the now almost desert room. She sits still looking out over the lights of the c Susan Morrow stares straight ahead and into the night. Th expression on her face belies her realization that Edward not coming. CUT TO BLACK.