11) 0) text: Nicky makes it back through the hole.  Looks both ways an hops out of the hole.  He carefully crosses the tracks an stopped by the sight of a bulldog, BEEFY, on the other si In his mouth is one of those signs car service drivers us identify their passengers at the airport.  On the sign is scrawled "NICKY." Nicky and Beefy stare at each other a beat.
11) 2) dialog: (voice of Sandy Wernick)
12) 1) dialog: My name's Beefy.  I'm an old friend of your father's.  He's asked me to help you out.
12) 3) dialog: It's not gonna be easy.  Your brothers can possess people.  So they probably won't look like themselves.  You have to be suspicious of everyone. Nicky looks at Beefy warily for a beat.
12) 6) dialog: It's not me, moron.
13) 3) text: God bless, Ma'am.  The Lord loves you... The Lord loves you... We see Nicky and Beefy walk up from behind.  The PREACHER sniffs.
13) 9) dialog: Makin' friends already.
13) 11) text: It's freezing up here, Beefy.
13) 12) dialog: You're on Earth now, kid.  Gonna have the same physical needs and limitations a human has.  We'll stop by K-mart.  Get you some warm clothes.
13) 14) dialog: That pain is hunger.
14) 0) text: K-mart bag is next to a bench.  PAN UP to see Nicky weari an extra warm SKI OUTFIT.  Sitting next to him on the ben is Beefy.  Between them is a big bucket of POPEYE'S FRIED CHICKEN.  Nicky takes out a drumstick.
14) 2) dialog: Put it in your mouth. Nicky puts it in his mouth.  Holds it there.
14) 3) dialog: Move your teeth up and down. Nicky does.  He chews for a long time.
14) 4) dialog: Now you gotta swallow it.  Tilt your head back and let the meat slide down your throat-hole. Nicky does.  He gets a looks of complete joy on his face.
14) 6) dialog: It sure is.  Now eat it up.  You're gonna need your energy.
16) 0) text: Beefy is walking with him down the street.  Nicky is craz cautious.
16) 2) dialog: Great.  Now your father gave me some deposit money for a nice pad on the Upper East Side.  But I misplaced it.
17) 0) text: Beefy is sitting on a bench/booth at a strip club.  Champ is on the table.  Bills in his mouth.  We see THREE DANCE dancing for him.
18) 0) text: Nicky and Beefy.
18) 1) dialog: So I found this other joint for you. But you're gonna have a roommate.
19) 3) text: Somebody's here.  Call you later. Todd gets up and opens the door.  It's Nicky, with Beefy his side.  Nicky is nervous, and his speech sounds practi
19) 17) dialog: You'll be alright.  Go on.  Big day tomorrow.  Don't forget to do that sleep thing I told you about.
23) 0) text: Beefy is taking a dump on the sidewalk.  PAN OVER TO: Nicky, his pants around his ankles.  He's trying to do th same.
23) 2) dialog: Look, it's okay for me to shit the street.  But you gotta use a toilet.
23) 5) dialog: Come on, there's like ten million people in this city and the clock is ticking.
27) 0) text: Beefy is looking around for Nicky.  He spots him - inside polar bear cage.  Nicky approaches the bear holding the flask.
29) 2) dialog: I think we have to work on narrowing down our list of suspects.  Now I'm going to go check in with some of my contacts uptown. Beefy hears Nicky's strange terrible snores.  He's asleep Beefy sighs.
29) 3) dialog: Kid's got a lot of evil in him, just begging to come out... Beefy walks away.
33) 0) text: Beefy is screwing a female dog from behind.
33) 1) dialog: Remember, it's not the size of the boat, it's the motion of the ocean.
37) 0) text: Beefy turns to Nicky.
37) 1) dialog: Your brothers are upsetting the balance of good and evil.
37) 3) dialog: You can't do jack shit... unless you learn your evil powers.
37) 5) dialog: Go get a soda out of the fridge.
37) 7) dialog: (high-pitched mocking)
37) 8) text: "But those are my roommate's sodas..." Does that sound like a statement the son of the devil would make? Nicky, ashamed, gets a Coke out of the fridge and places on the coffee table.  He and Beefy sit on the couch and s at the Coke.
37) 9) dialog: You have the power to change the cola in that can into any other liquid - engine oil, bat's blood, moose piss.  You just have to release the evil within you.
37) 11) dialog: I'm just saying, there's wickedness in you... I can tell from your snores. Nicky stares at the can.
37) 12) dialog: Release your evil... Nicky frowns and bites his lip.  The can rattles a little
43) 0) text: Todd's baffled, looking at his roommate on TV.  Beefy is watching from the fire escape.
43) 2) dialog: Trying to capture his brother in a flask and preserve the balance of good and evil on Earth. Todd looks over, suspicious.
43) 4) dialog: No.
46) 0) text: Beefy is watching, transfixed.
46) 1) dialog: Take him to the hole, Nicky. (Todd stares)
46) 2) text: I mean, woof!  Woof! Todd looks at Beefy, terrified.
50) 0) text: A homemade cake is laid out.  It reads: CONGRATULATIONS, NICKY.  JOHN, TODD, PETER AND BEEFY are there.
51) 5) text: All right... Nicky loosens up his neck and makes his head go around 36 degrees.  Everyone cracks up, high fives.  Even Todd LAUG PAN OVER to Beefy, who has bloodshot eyes.
51) 6) dialog: I used to get baked like this with my first girlfriend, Heather.  We'd get so stoned she would forget I was a dog.
51) 8) dialog: Actually, she was a sewer rat.  Man, that pissed my parents off.
51) 14) dialog: Busted. (laughs)
51) 21) dialog: Maybe you love her.  But what do I know? I'm baked out of my mind.
51) 29) dialog: You better snap out of it soon, kid. Cause we're going after Adrian tomorrow. Seven AM.  Nighty, night. He falls asleep and starts snoring.  We hear the SOUND of THREE LITTLE GIRLS singing "Ring Around The Rosie" as he exhales.
71) 0) text: Beefy and Todd are watching TV.  They look over to see th insects scurry under the front door and morph back into o exhausted Nicky.
71) 2) dialog: The shit has hit the fan, kid.  Take a look.
72) 2) dialog: Look.  You were really high.  Things happen.
72) 4) dialog: I think you're looking at him.
73) 2) dialog: He superimposed your head onto "Scarface."
73) 11) dialog: I don't know, this is a little out of my league. VOICES GROW LOUDER.
79) 0) text: We see Beefy and Todd waiting by the place where Nicky usually comes up.  It is hot down there.  Steam and smoke comes out of the tunnels.  Todd is nervous.
79) 2) dialog: He'll be here.  Just keep your cool, kid. They hear FOOTSTEPS.  They turn and see the chief of poli backed up by the huge police force.
79) 3) dialog: We've been ratted out. Beefy and Todd turn to see John and Peter looking sheepis
80) 0) text: The police are escorting Beefy and Todd through the termi Beefy starts whining and stops.  The cops look down.  Bee raises his leg.
81) 9) dialog: Now that hurt the both of us. Valerie is able to escape momentarily.  Adrian reaches fo her, grabbing her.  They both spin and fall down onto the tracks.  Right into the oncoming train.
92) 0) text: We see John, Peter, Beefy, Valerie and Todd hanging on flagpoles by their underwear.  Beefy is in a special fitt harness that looks like underwear.
94) 4) dialog: I can't screw. (whimpers)
108) 5) dialog: That turn you on there, RuPaul?
113) 0) text: We HEAR banging and beating and yelling from inside and t the flask stops bouncing.  SILENCE.  Everybody outside ho their breath.  Slowly out of the spout crawls NICKY. HOORAY.  Valerie, John, Todd and Beefy and all the living people CHEER.  The student, very happy, opens his kimono. The people and demons near him are grossed out. Valerie goes tot he very beaten up Nicky and hugs him.
116) 5) dialog: No if you do something bad right before you die. PAUSE.  Everyone looks around.  Nicky spots Henry Winkler
121) 0) text: The good people of New York cheer.  We see John, Peter, T Valerie, Beefy and the Student, who of course is dancing seductively.
128) 0) text: PAN UP from a moving baby stroller to reveal Nicky and Valerie both pushing it.  We see Beefy walking with them. Unbelievably happy. A nice OLD LADY bends down to the stroller.
128) 4) dialog: Only a quarter, ma'am. She tickles the baby.  It giggles and a small stream of f shoots out of his mouth and singes the Old Lady's eyebrow