22) 0) text: CLOSE ON an ELDERLY, kind looking CARDINAL.  He ascends t steps to the pulpit and looks out on his large congregati We see that TV cameras are covering the SUNDAY service. gins his homily.
22) 1) dialog: In today's gospel, the Lord tells us who we are to live if we wish to attain the splendor of Heaven... or something like that.  Jesus sure says a lot of stuff in the Bible.  Moses this.  Moses that. Abraham hit me with a whiffle ball bat. The crowd stares dumbfounded.  We see that the Cardinal i standing on a steaming hot pizza which is still in the bo with the top open.
22) 2) dialog: Yep, the Lord sure did say a bunch of hibbity-jibbity.  But has he ever really done anything for us?  Has he ever put a Jaguar XJR in my driveway?  Has he ever given any of my enemies the herpes?  No. He hasn't done a damn thing for any of us. A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN stands up.
22) 4) dialog: Ma'am, I know your son, and believe me, he was better off on drugs.  He's a bore.  At least when he was smoking hashish, he made me laugh occasionally. A YOUNG MAN and his PREGNANT WIFE stand up.
22) 6) dialog: No, your best friend Fitzie helped your wife conceive a baby.  He helped her conceive it all night long. Fitzie, who's sitting on the other side of the Wife, star to "raise the roof."  Then thinks better of it.  The Card points to a well-dressed man in the front pew.
22) 7) dialog: How about you, Mr. Mayor?  The Lord ever do anything for you? The Mayor has tinfoil on his feet.
22) 9) text: Well, I wish I could think of something, Cardinal, but to be honest with you, I can't.  Kind of makes you wonder if there even is a Lord.  If there is any ultimate punishment for our so-called "sins."  Maybe we should all just have fun and do whatever the hell we want. A hubbub is raised by the crowd.  Fitzie raises the roof again, this time energetically.
22) 10) dialog: Amen to that.  Let the sin begin! The hubbub grows to a roar.  Several PEOPLE start fightin over the money in the collection plate. The Cardinal smiles knowingly at the Mayor.  We hear the Cardinal's thoughts - in Adrian's voice.
92) 2) dialog: There is most definitely a Hell!  And you're all going there when you die! Which will happen in about fifteen minutes.