5) 23) dialog: What are you boys doing? Cassius releases Nicky's hand.
5) 25) dialog: Cassius, didn't I tell you to stay out of your brother's mind?
5) 27) dialog: Maybe this will help you remember. Dad's eyes flash red and Cassius punches himself hard in nose, sending him back against the wall and down to the floor. Dad gives Nicky a wink.  Nicky smiles.  Dad has an air of confidence and power.
5) 28) dialog: Now everybody sit down.
5) 30) dialog: Okay, kid, we'll listen to it later. He leads the boys to the throne area.  We see outside the window the peeper staring in sexily.  Dad looks, shakes h head.  Just then, THE BIRD appears and attacks him.  Dad closes the curtains. Nicky, Adrian and Cassius sit on little stools at the foo his throne.  Dad lights a cigarette with his finger, the of which glows red like a cigarette lighter and looks dow his three sons.
5) 31) dialog: My dad, your granddad, Lucifer, was thrown out of Heaven by G-d and rules here in hell for ten thousand years. And after this ten thousand years had passed, he decided to abdicate his throne... Confused, Nicky sheepishly raises his hand.
5) 32) dialog: ...to step aside. (Nicky lowers his hand)
5) 35) dialog: Yes, Jimmy. He whispers in Dad's ear.
5) 36) dialog: No, no, that's not what I said.  He can keep his thumbs, but the fingers gotta go.
5) 38) text: Oh, and don't forget, you're shoving a pineapple up Hitler's ass at four o'clock. Dad nods, and Jimmy shuffles out.  Dad turns his attentio back to his sons.
5) 39) dialog: This was a very difficult decision, because I have three wonderful sons.  I mean, Adrian, so smart, so ruthless. And Cassius, so strong, so tough.  And Nicky, so...so...
5) 41) dialog: Such a sweet boy.  But after much thought and careful consideration, I've decided that the ruler for the next ten thousand years is going to have to be...me.
5) 46) dialog: The important thing for the stability of our rule is to maintain the balance between good and evil.  And I don't think any of you are ready for that responsibility yet.  You need the wisdom that comes only with the passage of time.
5) 48) dialog: Right.  Right.  Send him in. (to the boys)
5) 51) dialog: I'm telling you, pal, it's the right thing to do. HITLER (in a French maid's outfit), is being brought in b Jimmy.  They head towards the closet. Inside the closet is a crate of pineapples.  Hitler picks a relatively small one.  Dad shakes his head "no."  Dad w over to the closet.  Hitler picks out a really big pineap Dad nods "yes."  Hitler sadly hands it to Dad.  Jimmy ben Hitler over and as Dad raises the fruit...
7) 0) text: Dad and Nicky are listening to one of Nicky's metal mix tapes.  We hear the end of Pink Floyd's "Comfortably Numb Pause.  Dad exhales.
7) 1) dialog: Now that was an experience.  "You are only coming through in waves."  That line blows my mind every time.
7) 3) dialog: I don't care what kind of mood you're in at the start of that song.  When it's over, that mood has been altered.  Wow. Great shit.  What's next?
7) 5) dialog: Who is this, Metal-lick-a?
7) 7) dialog: I was just playing with you. Dad and Nicky dance to the song.
8) 2) dialog: I'm sorry.  After careful consideration, I regretfully have to decline. ON PERSON HE'S TALKING TO: DAN MARINO.
8) 4) dialog: In exchange for eternal damnation of your soul?  You're too nice of a guy for me to want to do that to you, Mr. Marino.
8) 6) dialog: Yeah, but Joe was coming here anyways. Just go back to Earth and enjoy your records and the Hall of Fame and the beautiful family and all that.
8) 9) dialog: Now you're talking. Dan exits.
8) 11) dialog: And I also happen to be a Jets fan. Nicky and Dad share a laugh which is interrupted by faint sirens.  The Gatekeeper enters in a hurry and falls to hi knees.
8) 13) dialog: Oh, boy.  Oh boy.  Calm down.  Get off your knees. The Gatekeeper stands up.
8) 19) dialog: This is bad, Nicky.
8) 21) dialog: I'm gonna die, Nicky.  If the gates are broken, no new souls can get in, which means I'll start to deteriorate into nothing. GRANDPA LUCIFER enters.
8) 23) dialog: Everything's fine, pop.
8) 25) dialog: Please, pop, just go back to your room.
8) 28) dialog: Sure, pop.  Whatever you want. The gatekeeper walks towards Lucifer.
9) 0) text: We see the coals are cooling down on the road and the DAM SOULS in hell are sneaking off. The DEMONS are baffled and don't quite know what to do. Dad, Jimmy and Nicky walk to the frozen fire.
9) 4) dialog: To do that Cassius and Adrian have to come back through the other way.
9) 6) dialog: I'm too weak.  The process has already begun. Dad holds up his hand.  His pink is hanging by a thread. see the bigfoot MONSTER grunt disgusted by the sight.
9) 12) dialog: Nicky, the worst thing that could happen on Earth is you get killed, in which case, boom, you end up back here.
9) 15) dialog: Here.  Get them drunk from this.  One sip and they'll be trapped inside.  Once you've got both of them, you bring the flask back through the gate. Dad's pinky is hanging.  Jimmy pulls it off and examines The Monster gags.
9) 18) dialog: Son, just do your best. Nicky looks teary eyed.  The moment is broken by the Mons who runs in and pushes Nicky through the fire. Nicky goes through the solid fire wall.  PAUSE.  The Mons taps his own wrist and looks at Dad as if to say, "gotta a move on."
10) 4) text: Nicky comes shooting through the solid fire wall and land the coal pit.  His Dad limps back to him.
10) 7) dialog: That's a train, son.  Don't stand in front of them.
10) 9) dialog: Please, Nicky, get back up there. (his ear falls off)
49) 7) text: No.  No way.  Dad said it was only for me. The ref rips the flask from Nicky and drinks. Cassius screams like bloody hell as he is sucked out of t ref's mouth and into the bottle.  WHOOSH!  The ref slumps the floor.
75) 4) dialog: What are you gonna do?  Look at me, Nicky!  I got no legs, I got no hips, I got one ear... Dad's remaining ear falls out.
75) 5) dialog: I got no ears!  I can't hear!
75) 8) dialog: I can't hear you, Nicky.  I can't hear anything! Jimmy picks up the ear.  Jimmy speaks into it.
75) 10) dialog: Put it back on my head.  I'm falling apart here.
86) 0) text: Dad is just a pair of lips, with ears on either side held by two forearms with hands attached, lying on the throne. Gatekeeper, Lucifer, Jimmy and a few other demons stand around.
86) 1) dialog: I can't see shit.  You're all still here, right? Adrian enters.  They all cheer.
86) 3) dialog: Yea!  I can't believe little Nicky came through.
86) 8) dialog: Boooo.
86) 17) dialog: Ahhh! He pushes Lucifer out of the way.
86) 21) dialog: Hell's gonna bust wide open.  Demons, get him out of the chair! The demons approach.
90) 0) text: DAD LIPS are morosely talking to the Gatekeeper and Jimmy
90) 1) dialog: I was a good Devil, wasn't I?
90) 4) dialog: I tried to do some interesting stuff...
90) 7) dialog: Really?  That means a lot to me.
115) 0) text: Dad is just a very thin pair of lips and one finger.  The FINGER is going up and down on the lips, making silly sou The Gatekeeper, the Monster, Jimmy the Demon and Lucifer on their backs crying like babies.
120) 0) text: Dad's lips form a body around it.  Dad FILLS IN.
123) 0) text: Dad and Nicky are hugging.
123) 1) dialog: You came through, Nicky.
123) 3) dialog: You're back in Hell now, kid.  There's no butterflies here.  If you want butterflies, you need to be on Earth.
123) 5) dialog: Nicky, I let my butterflies die once upon a time and it's never stopped hurting. (Dad looks up)
125) 1) dialog: And don't think I forgot about how crazy you get after a few daiquiris.
127) 0) text: Dad turns to Nicky.
127) 1) dialog: Listen, I got down low.  Your mom's got up high.  You take care of the middle.