5) 33) text: ...and let me become the ruler of hell. This, as some of you might know, is my ten thousandth year as Prince of Darkness.  So I think the time has come to discuss who will succeed me. Jimmy the Demon walks in.
9) 0) text: We see the coals are cooling down on the road and the DAM SOULS in hell are sneaking off. The DEMONS are baffled and don't quite know what to do. Dad, Jimmy and Nicky walk to the frozen fire.
86) 0) text: Dad is just a pair of lips, with ears on either side held by two forearms with hands attached, lying on the throne. Gatekeeper, Lucifer, Jimmy and a few other demons stand around.
91) 0) text: Adrian steps off his throne onto a small stage flanked by HERO DEMONS.  He begins addressing the crowd.
104) 0) text: Nicky dissolves into walking.  He checks his pocket to se the ball.  He looks up to see fifteen Demons marching tow him, ready to attack.  Nicky closes his eyes and concentrates.
104) 2) text: MORE DEMONS keep closing.
104) 6) dialog: Popeye's chicken is ass kickin'! The OTHER SOULS dig into the bucket.
106) 4) text: The student dancing for a mesmerized Demon. BACK ON PETER, TODD and JOHN
107) 0) text: Nicky leads his small army of reformed Demons (followed b butterflies &amp; bunnies and carrying the chicken bucket the path toward the rally.  We see they have a golden light/haze of good around them.
108) 12) dialog: (eating Popeye's chicken)
108) 13) text: It's true! Adrian glares down at the REFORMED DEMON.  His eyes shoot an evil ray. The Reformed Demon explodes into a million pieces.  His golden insides splatter on the crowd. The Army of Good is shaken.  Another Demon lowers his chicken.
108) 14) dialog: It's not true? The BUCKET OF CHICKEN sprouts legs and runs away.  Nicky steps forward bravely.
111) 19) dialog: Kill him, Adrian. John and Peter start beating up the Demon.
113) 0) text: We HEAR banging and beating and yelling from inside and t the flask stops bouncing.  SILENCE.  Everybody outside ho their breath.  Slowly out of the spout crawls NICKY. HOORAY.  Valerie, John, Todd and Beefy and all the living people CHEER.  The student, very happy, opens his kimono. The people and demons near him are grossed out. Valerie goes tot he very beaten up Nicky and hugs him.
115) 0) text: Dad is just a very thin pair of lips and one finger.  The FINGER is going up and down on the lips, making silly sou The Gatekeeper, the Monster, Jimmy the Demon and Lucifer on their backs crying like babies.
119) 0) text: The STAGE, the DEMONS and everything that raised from Hel now descends quickly into the ground.