3) 1) dialog: Welcome! The peeper looks left to see the GATEKEEPER standing at h station greeting the new SOULS with mock cheer.
3) 3) dialog: What do you think? A GIANT BIRD appears and bites the peeper's crotch area. leave the peeper in the pit and tilt up to...
6) 18) dialog: Hey, what are you doing?!? They get closer to the fire.
6) 19) dialog: You can't go through there.  The fire flows in, not out. They dive through the fire wall.  It FREEZES.
6) 20) dialog: You know something?  You guys suck!  You really suck! Sirens go off.  Dogs start barking.  Lights flash.  And w hear the sound of DAMNED SOULS hitting the back of the firewall hard.
8) 12) dialog: Your highness, Cassius and Adrian have escaped from hell.  They went through the fire, and they broke it.  I think they took the New York tunnel.  I tried to stop them, but they overpowered me, sir.
8) 14) dialog: Thanks for being so understanding, your worship.  You're the man.  You've always been the man. Dad's EYES GLOW RED as the Gatekeeper stands up.  Two hug boobs grow out of either side of the Gatekeeper's head. only see them from the front for a second. From behind the gatekeeper, we see the boobs but not the nipples as he talks to Nicky.
8) 15) dialog: (to Nicky)
8) 18) dialog: That's what I'm thinkin'... Dad is staring off.  He looks shaken.
8) 29) dialog: Oh, this is gonna be a whole new lifestyle for me, isn't it.
15) 0) text: The Monster is rubbing the gatekeeper's boobs.  The gatekeeper is wearing a modified bra.  He seems to be enjoying it.  We hear a THUD.  They look down to see Nick the ground.  (We didn't see him flying through this time. The Monster and Gatekeeper immediately stop.  Kind of embarrassed.
15) 1) dialog: Hey.
15) 3) dialog: Thanks.
15) 5) dialog: You got it.  Could you maybe not tell anyone about this?
28) 0) text: Nicky shoots through the firewall, having been killed aga The Gatekeeper is wearing tassels on his boobs.
28) 1) dialog: Bus?
28) 3) dialog: (to Monster)
28) 4) text: You like that?  You think that's funny? The Gatekeeper swirls his tassels.
28) 5) dialog: How about that?  You like that? The Monster howls with delight.
34) 0) text: The Gatekeeper is near the frozen fall.  We hear loud wailing, moaning, etc., coming from the other side.
34) 1) dialog: Doesn't sound very good behind there.  I hope Nicky's kicking some ass on Earth. The Monster is smoking a cigarette and wearing a leather biker's hat.  He nods along in agreement.
34) 4) dialog: I know, your wickedness.
34) 8) dialog: It's Stanley, sir.
34) 10) dialog: What was it called, sir.
34) 12) dialog: That's nice, Grandpa.  Why don't you just enjoy the fishing?
86) 0) text: Dad is just a pair of lips, with ears on either side held by two forearms with hands attached, lying on the throne. Gatekeeper, Lucifer, Jimmy and a few other demons stand around.
86) 10) dialog: You'll get nothing out of me.
86) 12) dialog: The only way to save your dad is for you and your brothers to pass through the gates at the same time before he deteriorates completely.
86) 14) dialog: Thirty minutes.  And then whoever claims his throne will have unimaginable power. Adrian throws him down.
90) 0) text: DAD LIPS are morosely talking to the Gatekeeper and Jimmy
90) 3) dialog: Absolutely.
90) 6) dialog: I don't know how you came up with some of it.
115) 0) text: Dad is just a very thin pair of lips and one finger.  The FINGER is going up and down on the lips, making silly sou The Gatekeeper, the Monster, Jimmy the Demon and Lucifer on their backs crying like babies.
118) 0) text: Nicky triumphantly passes through the wall of fire and it starts burning again behind him.  And now all the BACKED SOULS fall out on top of Nicky. The Gatekeeper APPLAUDS.