8) 22) dialog: What's with all the whoo-whoo noises?
8) 24) dialog: Last time you said that the renaissance happened.
8) 26) dialog: (regarding gateskeeper)
34) 2) dialog: Who's sitting over by a rock fishing in a small pool of fire/pond.
34) 3) dialog: You know, I was the one who created Hell.
34) 5) dialog: I started slow, though.  For years, I was just giving people hot foots. Actually, you can give all the credit for Hell to my first wife; she was the inspiration.  She was an ugly one, too. One day, she asked me if I wanted super sex.  I said I'll take the soup. The Monster laughs really hard.
34) 6) dialog: Take it easy there, Chewbacca.  In fact, you look like her mother, except she had more hair. The Monster laughs even harder.
34) 7) dialog: You know what was in Hell when I came down here, Cassius?
34) 9) dialog: Nothing.  No mountains.  No castles. Looked like a giant parking lot.  It wasn't even called Hell.
34) 11) dialog: Boogerland!
34) 13) dialog: I can't enjoy anything.  I go fishing. I catch nothing.  I go to orgies, I catch everything... We hear the Monster laughing again as we PAN DOWN Grandpa fishing line to:
75) 0) text: Start on a CLOSE UP of Lucifer.  He's holding cards, look at his hand.
75) 1) dialog: Royal flush, you lose.  Off with the bra. The Demons and Gatekeeper are sitting around playing stri poker.  The Gatekeeper takes off his bra.  From behind, w see his breasts flop out.
75) 2) dialog: Last time I saw a pair of jugs that big, two hillbillies were blowing on them. The Gatekeeper throws his hand down and storms out.  The Monster laughs uproariously.  Nicky enters and moves to what's left of his dad.  Arms, torso, and a head (with on ear).
86) 0) text: Dad is just a pair of lips, with ears on either side held by two forearms with hands attached, lying on the throne. Gatekeeper, Lucifer, Jimmy and a few other demons stand around.
86) 15) dialog: All boobs and no balls.
86) 18) dialog: I don't get no respect.
115) 0) text: Dad is just a very thin pair of lips and one finger.  The FINGER is going up and down on the lips, making silly sou The Gatekeeper, the Monster, Jimmy the Demon and Lucifer on their backs crying like babies.
127) 4) dialog: Let me handle that. Lucifer walks over to the closet.
127) 5) dialog: And I'm not using a pineapple this time. He pulls out the flask.