1) 0) text: A beautiful late summer night.  Crickets chirping, sprink sprinkling. We PAN across one particular lawn, up one particular tree where we see THE PEEPER (Jon Lovitz) sitting on a limb. has a bottle of wine, some sandwiches, a Walkman.  Sudden the lights turn on.
1) 1) dialog: (whispering)
1) 3) dialog: Rough day at the office Mrs. Dunleavy? (takes bite of sandwich)
1) 5) dialog: Oh my G-D, yes!  I wish you would let me rub those feet.  Of course I wouldn't use my hands.  Heh heh heh heh... He sips some wine. The mother starts to unbutton her blouse.  She takes it o revealing a nice bra.
1) 6) dialog: Looks like Victoria just told me her secret. The peeper frantically writes in a dirty notebook.  Mouth the words as he goes.
1) 7) dialog: Thursday the ninth, eight-thirty p.m., first brassiere sighting... (stops writing)
1) 9) dialog: Young Scottie Dunleavy.  What unfortunate timing.  You mother was just getting comfy. The son talks to his mother excitedly.
1) 10) dialog: Yes, yes, I'm sure you tied many great knots today or whatever.  Now get out. The son, not going anywhere, sits in a chair.
1) 11) dialog: Now what.  This simply won't do. The peeper takes out a cell phone and dials.  The son answers.
1) 13) dialog: Hello, Scottie.  Why don't you go downstairs like a good boy and let your mother freshen up.
1) 15) dialog: Just a little birdie.  A birdie who wants to see if your mother's panties match her bra.
1) 17) dialog: Tell her no.  Tell her it's just a big bird. The peeper starts flapping his arms and making bird noise We SEE Scottie with his sling shot.  The mother nods yes. shoots it.  It hits the peeper square in the head.  He fa to the ground with a thud.
1) 18) dialog: Mrs. Dunleavy, please come help me.  And wear your bikini. The peeper looks up.  He sees Scottie pushing a televisio out the window.  It lands on top of the peeper.  He's dea
2) 0) text: The peeper is zooming down a hole, walls of dirt racing b all sides. The peeper is falling down, down, down.  The whole way screaming like a five-year old girl.
2) 1) text: We see the tunnel turn into more of a slide now and the peeper races towards the opening which is lit by fire.  H SCREAMS.
3) 0) text: We see the GATE/WALL OF FLAMES.  We hear screaming.  Wham We see the peeper come flying through the flames and land a heap in a shallow pit of coals. Dazed, he stands and we see other people shooting through fire wall at different levels.  (NOTE: All the arrivals clothes are now burned &amp; shredded).
3) 2) dialog: Am I in hell?
34) 15) dialog: I deserve this!
50) 2) dialog: Just a couple of big fans of Nicky and the work his Dad does.