1) 76) dialog: Sergeant Collier?
1) 80) dialog: Private Ellison. I was told to report to you. I’m your new Assistant Driver.
1) 84) dialog: Which way’s the front? Bible gestures in a wide circle.
1) 87) dialog: What’s that about? (CONTINUED)
1) 92) dialog: I don’t smoke.
1) 95) dialog: I’ve never seen inside a tank. I’m a clerk typist. I was going to Fifth Corps HQ. They pulled me off the truck and sent me here. It’s gotta be a mistake.
1) 100) dialog: No, I’m from -- (CONTINUED)
1) 104) dialog: It tastes like hornet stings.
1) 106) dialog: Nuh-uh. Especially that. Gordo snatches back his canteen.
1) 109) dialog: I go to church.
1) 111) dialog: I’m baptized.
1) 113) dialog: See what?
1) 121) dialog: «+. Sure... Coon-Ass pulls open the Bow Gunner’s hatch.
2) 0) text: Minutes later. Norman kneels awkwardly over the transmiss as he scrubs off blood with a rag. He pauses to stare at big belt fed machine gun - Also spattered with blood. He cleans it gently. As if afraid of waking a dangerous anim Norman removes blood spattered pin-up girls. And a photo Red's wife - The tough cattle ranching woman who has no i her man is dead. He reaches for a photo of Red in cowboy regalia astride a horse -- And freezes... WHAT HE SEES -- Blonde hair, an ear, a single blue eye. H of Red’s face.
3) 13) dialog: You killed a prisoner of war. In cold blood.
4) 6) dialog: Okay. Thank you. Norman looks up at Wardaddy in the Commander's hatch. He looks like he was born like that - An iron centaur, half half tank. Wardaddy speaks to him through the intercom...
4) 8) dialog: I hear you, Sergeant.
4) 10) dialog: Okay, Sarge. (CONTINUED)
4) 14) dialog: No. I don’t play cards.
7) 0) text: ON NORMAN - Buffeted by the muzzle blast. He SEES the can shell - a glowing fireball - Arc into the German position KABOOM! - A direct hit. The distant target explodes with high order detonation - Burning and exploding ammunition rains down around it.
8) 2) dialog: I copy.
9) 0) text: Gordo and Norman close their hatches. Norman looks at the machine gun. Hesitant. Gordo reaches over and cocks it fo him - KERCHACK!
10) 6) dialog: That’s not true.
12) 0) text: Norman watches the world go by through his periscope bloc Seeing Germany through the small glass prism... Norman's PERISCOPE POV - MOVEMENT in the ditch alongside Parker’s tank - An 11 Y.0. HITLER YOUTH aims a Panzerfaus anti-tank rocket at the Lieutenant’s tank - He’s a scared child, fear on his face, trembling. Norman can’t believe what he’s seeing - He hesitates.
13) 9) dialog: It happened so fast. He was just a kid. Wardaddy gestures at Lt. Parker’s burning tank.
13) 12) dialog: ---I can do it...
15) 0) text: Minutes later. MEDICS tend to four wounded GIs. Two dead are laid across the hood of a Jeep. Nearby a couple GUNNE in HALF-TRACKS fire bursts from their .50 Cals into the distant German positions. Wardaddy’s four tanks are in a row. The tank crews prepar them for combat. Weapons and ammo are double checked. Tra links are tightened. Norman helps Gordo top off the gas t with the help of a BLACK TRUCK DRIVER. (CONTINUED)
15) 4) dialog: I’m scared shitless.
15) 10) dialog: How’s it feel to kill a man? Is it hard?
16) 2) dialog: I'm from the city. I’ve only seen a cat get hit by an ice wagon.
16) 4) dialog: I helped in my dad’s stationary store. At the register. We sold sundries. Nothing that bled or screamed.
16) 6) dialog: That it’s better to be the man with the hammer?
21) 0) text: Norman stares through his periscope. Trying to make sense the world outside the small glass rectangle.
21) 1) dialog: Do I shoot?
21) 3) dialog: What do I shoot at?
25) 0) text: The tank is now a loud, smoky reverberating metal chamber engine noise and gunfire. Norman is getting the hang of i Firing the weapon into haystacks. Trees. Anywhere a Germa may be hiding. Empty shells cover the floor at his feet.. CLACK! - He runs out of ammunition. He grabs another box ammo. Reloads the hot gun. CRACK!-WHOOSH! - A hidden German cannon fires a high velo round that rips right past Wardaddy’s head. It’s a tank killer and a grave danger...
26) 0) text: Norman fires his machine gun at a more distant group of trees. NORMAN'S PERISCOPE POV - His stream of tracers cuts into group of trees and suddenly deflects upward - From the camouflaged German ARMOR PLATE hidden there...
26) 1) dialog: There’s something there! At, uh, ten O'clock.
28) 0) text: Norman loading a fresh belt of ammo... GORDO’S PERISCOPE POV - A GERMAN SOLDIER stands up and ai Panzerfaust at the Fury.
28) 3) dialog: I was loading the gun. Norman grits his teeth and begins firing. Moving the gun side to side. Utterly lacking in finesse.
30) 0) text: Gordo turns to Norman.
30) 2) dialog: The dead bodies? They’re already dead.
30) 4) dialog: I can’t be here. I can’t be here.
31) 13) dialog: I’m sorry. Okay? I’m trained to type 60 words a minute, not machine gun dead bodies. I’m trying my best. Maybe you’ve never been scared, but I’m so damn scared I can’t breathe. I got three hours in a tank. Three. How many do you got? Backtalk?! From this peachfuzzy teenager? Wardaddy is incredulous.
31) 20) dialog: No. I’m not doing it.
31) 22) dialog: It’s not right. He hands the pistol back. Wardaddy looks like he’s going hit Norman with it. Instead he holsters it. And walks awa Then Wardaddy pauses. Thinks to himself: “Fuck this, I’1l this round.” He strides back over to Norman. Grabs him by throat and shoves him to his knees. He holds his .45 To Norman’s head.
31) 25) dialog: Do it. Kill me. Norman has called his bluff. Enraged, Wardaddy forces the into Norman’s - then wrestles the pistol against the back the German Corporal’s neck, who is falling apart sobbing. (CONTINUED)
31) 30) dialog: That was a shit show. Was that supposed to make a man out of me? My conscience is clean. I’m keeping it that way. The Fury crews trade looks. They’ve all been there. Gordo puts a brotherly arm around Norman.
31) 32) dialog: He’s the biggest asshole I ever met, and I’ve met a couple.
32) 0) text: Wardaddy’s four tanks lead the men and vehicles of Baker Company to their next objective. Infantry Soldiers ride o the tanks, ten or more on each. They are followed by seve HALF-TRACKS. Norman's hatch is open. He looks across at Gordo - who gi him a reassuring nod. UP IN THE SKY - Flying at 30,000 feet is a massive format of nearly a 1000 B-17 bombers! A white band of contrails covers the sky. The formation is several miles long. An astounding vision. Around the bomber formation are the corkscrewing contrails of fighters engaged in dogfights. Norman watching this entranced. The other tankers and soldiers are enthralled by the spectacle. Wardaddy watche the bombers with admiration...
35) 0) text: Norman's face is pressed against his periscope. NORMAN'S PERISCOPE POV - A GERMAN SOLDIER runs right in f of the tank. Without thinking Norman opens fire. BRDDDDDDDT! Dropping the German to the street. His rifle CLATTERS across the cobblestones. Norman realizes what he did. He leans back and takes a de breath. Gordo pats his shoulder.
39) 0) text: We see the amazing skill of an experienced tank crew. Coo Ass unloads the High Explosive shell in the breech and sh in a SMOKE ROUND - Bible traverses the turret on the targ Gordo works the steering levers bringing the thick armor the tank’s front to face the enemy gun... Norman joins in - Firing a long burst into the Tailor sho His tracer rounds bouncing off the guns armor shield...
41) 0) text: Norman gawks through the periscope at their smoking corps It sinks in what he’s done. He doesn’t like it.
43) 3) dialog: Come again, Sergeant?
43) 5) dialog: Sure, Sergeant. It wasn’t nothing. In fact, I kinda liked it. Norman is a bad liar. Wardaddy thinks for a moment. Then:
44) 0) text: Wardaddy pushes the door open. He and Norman gaze upon a shocking sight... WHAT THEY SEE - There are several dead men and women. The wear Nazi Party Uniforms, middle-aged fat bureaucrats. Th women wear party dresses. Presumably their wives. Empty b bottles everywhere. Several of the men hold pistols.
44) 2) dialog: Why are you showing me this?
45) 0) text: Wardaddy and Norman head down the street. Two GIs pass th clutching wine bottles - both wear top hats and sunglasse
45) 3) dialog: What’d you see?
46) 0) text: Wardaddy quickly charges up the stairs... Norman follows. They reach an apartment door on the top story. Wardaddy POUNDS it with the stock of his assault rifle. A WOMAN opens the door - Her name is IRMA - The fe on her face is plain as day.
47) 5) dialog: This is the ring of Solomon. You help people. And understand them. It’s really rare. See mine? I got it too. He shows her his hand. Then continues her reading... (CONTINUED)
47) 9) dialog: I don’t know what you’re saying. Emma shushes him with a finger. She rolls him on his back mounts him.
48) 0) text: MINUTES LATER - Coon-Ass is screwing the very plump TOWN WHORE. Pig fucking is a better description. Pure mindless carnality. How did she fit in the tank? INT. GERMAN TOWN - WOMAN’S APARTMENT Irma singing in German as she works in the kitchen. Norma exits the bedroom. Looking flushed and content. Wardaddy, cleaned up, is a different man. Norman sits on the couch. Gathering his thoughts.
48) 17) dialog: Sure that’s not gasoline?
48) 22) dialog: I told you, I’m a city kid.
48) 33) dialog: She’s a really good cook.
48) 35) dialog: She doesn’t fry chicken. She roast it with stuffing. Or makes chicken and dumplings. That’s my favorite. She bakes too. Pies and cakes and -- A KNOCK at the door. Norman gets up and answers. It’s the COMPANY MESSENGER.
50) 0) text: A group of SOLDIERS plays blackjack on a blanket. Gamblin for piles of watches and jewelry. Norman and Gordo pourin gas into the Fury. BOOM-BOOM-BOOM-BOOM-KABOOM! - German artillery shells exp all around them. Bible drops into the turret, closes the hatch. Gordo slides off the tank and crawls underneath. Norman follows. Coon-Ass already there. A grinning fool.
50) 5) dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you?! What the fuck is wrong with everyone? Nobody cares about anything. What the fuck is happening? Bored with being punched, Coon-Ass throws Norman to the ground. Kicks him in the ass.
51) 0) text: The four tank engines ROAR to life. Wardaddy does a quick check of the Fury’s tracks. Norman sits in the BOW seat. Tears streak his dusty face. Gordo looks at him. Sympathe
54) 6) dialog: You have no idea how I feel.
54) 8) dialog: Today's the worst day of my life.
54) 12) dialog: How’d you get all burnt up?
54) 14) dialog: Germans did it? That why you hate them so much? (CONTINUED)
54) 19) dialog: I’m not your bartender and I’m not your pastor. You don’t need to tell me this.
54) 23) dialog: Does it matter now? Does it matter here?
54) 25) dialog: You killed them.
54) 27) dialog: You're already dead.
54) 29) dialog: I was born in the caul.
54) 31) dialog: A caul. A birth shroud around my head. So I see things. Sometimes I know things are going to happen. And people tell me things. Since I was little. Bad things. Confessions. I’m used to it. Don’t worry, you'll get your wish. When I said you were already dead it didn’t mean anything but what it means. You’re going in the ground soon. Wardaddy likes hearing that. He looks at Norman.
54) 35) dialog: Why are they so thin?
54) 37) dialog: Are they criminals?
57) 0) text: The tanks head for the crossroads. Norman is back in the front right hatch. ON LOVE 1-5 - The last in the tank column -- THWACK-KABOOM! - Is suddenly hit by a high velocity gun.. It’s turret is blown into the air - The tank instantly bu a maelstrom of gasoline, explosives and gun propellant...
62) 0) text: It’s Norman doing the shooting. He’s becoming a real motherfucker. He reloads his machine gun...
62) 3) dialog: Like nothing. This time he means it. (CONTINUED)
64) 5) dialog: I’m hit! I’m hit! Gordo ignores the chaos, keeps driving at the Tiger...
70) 18) dialog: That’s not really true. He just said it to be an asshole. Norman just took the sarcasm to another level. The vetera tankers stare at Norman -- He is becoming one of them...
73) 5) dialog: What about mines?
74) 0) text: WHAM! - Coon-Ass kicks the door. Norman joins him inside. Both men freeze... WHAT THEY SEE - The interior of the house is filled with mines. Big round anti-tank mines to be exact. Stacks of t It’s being used as a munitions depot. Coon-Ass slowly backs out of there...
74) 2) dialog: Not planning on it.
76) 0) text: WHAM! Coon-Ass kicks the door. Enters with Norman. This place is disturbing in a different way. There is dri blood everywhere. Bandages. Medical supplies. Cut off blo uniforms and boots. Amputated limbs. Flesh. Organs. And a half-dozen DEAD GERMAN SOLDIERS who succumbed to battle wounds. This was a temporary field hospital.
76) 4) dialog: Can we go now?
77) 0) text: Coon-Ass and Norman return to the Fury. Gordo uses a trac breaking tool to remove the damaged track links. Bible pr the road around them for more mines.
78) 0) text: Norman sits in the roadside ditch. He checks his greasegu It’s loaded. He sets it in his lap. He adds drink powder to his canteen. Shakes it. He opens can of crackers with his little GI can opener. He chews t hard crackers and washes them down with his canteen. He yawns widely. He’s physically and emotionally drained his first day as a US Army tanker. After being in a tank he feels so alone and exposed out h He HEARS something. Scared, he raises his ugly black weap It’s just an OWL in the trees. Norman relaxes. He can’t k his eyes open. His head falls toward his chest. His heavy eyelids close. And he falls asleep.
79) 0) text: LATER - Norman startles awake. Gasping for breath. Dreami he was shot. He checks himself for holes. And relaxes - I was just a dream... He berates himself for falling asleep. He gets on his kne To a less comfortable position. (CONTINUED)
80) 0) text: Gordo, Coon-Ass and Bible work on repairing the track. Wardaddy sits in the turret, a deadly alert sentry with b machine gun. He can’t see the approaching men. Here comes Norman at a full run...
80) 2) dialog: They're coming.
80) 4) dialog: The Germans
80) 6) dialog: More than I can count. Wardaddy climbs down from the turret.
81) 0) text: Wardaddy and Norman move low along the ditch. Wardaddy SE the approaching troops - Silhouettes in the darkness. He just hear their hobnailed boots CRUNCHING the road. He grabs Norman’s arm and drags him out of there.
82) 0) text: Wardaddy and Norman come running.
83) 0) text: Norman lines up boxes of ammunition for his machine gun. wipes the gun with a rag. Gordo loads his submachine-gun. Stacks up extra magazines. He opens a case of grenades and removes their safety clip Pausing to swig from his bottle of brandy. Coon-Ass organ the main gun rounds.
83) 3) dialog: What’s cannister? (CONTINUED)
85) 0) text: The crew listens to the movement around the tank. The SCRAPING of metal hobnailed boots against the tank’s hull It is hateful to do nothing. Bible’s foot hovers above th firing button on the turret floor. Eyes glued to his periscope. Wardaddy waiting. Watching. A grenade in each hand. Coon- sweating bullets. Wondering why Wardaddy doesn’t give the order to shoot. Norman's face pressed against his scope. He licks his lip His mouth is bone dry. NORMAN'S PERISCOPE POV - He SEES a TROOPER reaching for h hatch... Norman aims his greasegun up at his hatch. Norman is scar shitless. His hatch opens revealing an astonished SS Trooper. Norman squeezes the trigger of his greasegun... BRDDDDDDDT! - Blowing the Trooper off the tank.
87) 0) text: BRDDDDDDDT! - Norman jackhammers long bursts into running Troops. Bible fires the coax machine gun in long burst... The tank filling with smoke from the firing weapons. Norm reloads his machine gun. Wardaddy watching the Troopers scatter and run...
89) 4) dialog: My gun’s going crazy! Gordo twists the belt, stopping the runaway weapon...
89) 13) dialog: Me neither.
89) 26) dialog: Me too! I got two boxes left!
90) 0) text: The smoke grenades gush torrents of dense yellow smoke. Gordo opens his hatch - Fires his Tommy-gun at anywhere h thinks a German is hiding... Next to him, the muzzle of Norman’s machine gun spits fir lead and tracers into the night... Wardaddy scrambles over the turning turret. To the rack o -30 Cal ammo boxes. Gordo firing and reloading his Tommy-gun... BRDDDDT! - Bible fires the last of his ammo. He climbs up through Wardaddy’s hatch and grabs the grips of the big . heavy machine gun and lets it rip... RAT-AT-AT-AT-AT-AT-AT! - He’s chopping down a row of tree where at cluster of SS Troopers fire at the Fury. (CONTINUED)
91) 0) text: Bible reloads his coax gun. Wardaddy passes boxes of ammo Gordo as Norman loads a fresh belt into his gun. Wardaddy back at his periscope looking for targets.
91) 8) dialog: I think you’re right. How long can we keep this up?
91) 24) dialog: I’m out! I need another can. BRDDDDT! CLICK! - That’s when Bible runs dry...
92) 0) text: Wardaddy reloads the .50 Cal. He squints into the shadows SEE a MAN RUNNING and fires... RAT-AT-AT-AT-AT! - The man bursts like a water balloon. Bible opens the Gunner’s hatch and joins Wardaddy with hi Tommy-gun. Then Gordo and Norman open their hatches, submachine guns ready... It's deathly quiet. Just the crackling of the burning buildings. The moaning of the wounded Germans.
92) 1) dialog: ...Where are they?
92) 5) dialog: Grenade! Wardaddy swings the big .50 On the German MG... RAT-AT-AT-AT-AT-AT! - His tracers find the source of the German tracers. The German MG fire stops.
93) 0) text: Gordo is fatally wounded and bleeding out - He fumbles fo the HISSING grenade. Norman stares at him from across the transmission. He’s fucked - The grenade will kill them both! Gordo smiles at Norman - Then with dying strength he hold the grenade tight to his chest... WHOOMP! - Gordo’s body absorbs the blast, saving Norman. ON NORMAN - He’s just sick. Terrified and horrified - And wildly grateful of Gordo’s final act. The crew is down to three men. And a couple hundred Ss Troopers still lurk outside in the dark...
94) 0) text: Norman pops up and fires a long burst into the ditch alongside the tank... Bible’s Tommy-gun jams - He fights to clear the malfuncti No dice. He tosses away the weapon. He jumps down from the tank and grabs a German assault ri He pulls magazines from the pouches of dead Troopers. (CONTINUED)
95) 2) dialog: You’re wounded. Wardaddy notices his two new bullet holes for the first t
95) 4) dialog: Sergeant Collier?
95) 6) dialog: Sorry. Don?
95) 10) dialog: I’m scared.
95) 12) dialog: I want to surrender.
96) 0) text: Norman is under the tank. Without a weapon! BOOM-BOOM-BOOM! - The grenades explode inside the tank. W that Norman knows Wardaddy is no more. Norman is all alon Around him he hears angry cursing GERMAN VOICES... Norman crawls into the crater made by the land mine that broke the track. He makes himself as small as possible, p dirt in over himself. Burying himself... 109.
98) 0) text: A YOUNG TROOPER looks beneath the tank with a flashlight. Norman, nearly entirely buried, follows the path of the l beam with his one exposed eye... The light plays across the undercarriage. Norman’s HEARTB feels excruciating loud. Blood pounding in his ears. An S OFFICER SHOUTS...
99) 0) text: The SS Troops are marching away in the distance. On a pointless and doomed mission against overwhelming Allied Armies steamrolling across Germany. Now it’s quiet. Dead quiet. Norman, buried in his hole, finally succumbs to exhaustion. His eyes close. He passes curled in his womb of dirt.
100) 0) text: Distant ROOSTERS CROW. The escape hatch slowly opens. It’ Norman - He slips inside the Fury. He forces his way past Gordo’s body. Then covers Gordo with a jacket. He moves t Coon-Ass and covers him. Then Bible, he gently crosses hi arms over his chest. There’s Wardaddy. Sitting there. The grenades have made a mess of him. Norman takes off his jacket and covers him u He pauses. Gently picks up Wardaddy’s big calloused hand. looks at his palm. Traces the line a moment. As if to con something he already knew. Then he sets it down. Norman finds Wardaddy’s knife on the floor of the turret basket. He picks up the knife and runs his thumb along al the notches. Norman HEARS something. Movement outside the tank. And VOICES! He freezes. Unsure what to do. This kid is traumatized, h in no condition to fight Nazis... Alone and scared. Norman sits there trembling, holding Wardaddy’s knife for protection... The hatch opens - It’s a SOLDIER... An American Soldier - One we recognize - The Huge Dirty Soldier from Baker Company - He looks at Norman with war weary eyes. Wipes his nose on his sleeve and shouts to hi buddies.