0) 0) text: Thick morning fog blankets all. A faint glow in the East. It’s quiet save for the DISTANT RUMBLE of artillery. Super title: Somewhere in Nazi Germany... A Spanish Arabian STALLION emerges from the fog. A wasp waisted German Army LIEUTENANT erect in its saddle. His disciplined horse elegantly picks its way over the furrow soil. A dark hulk looms in the mist -- Horse and rider approach... IT’S A BURNED OUT TANK -- An American Sherman. Still smoldering. Steel armor ripped open like tin foil. The Lieutenant moves on. Encounters another charred tank. entire turret blown off. A small fire still burns inside. Around it are the blackened twisted shapes of burnt shrun men. He moves on. Another hulk emerges from the mist -- This t looks like a scrap heap -- Sandbags, railroad ties, slopp steel plate, cases of wine, rations and ammunition. Batte scarred and seemingly abandoned. The Lieutenant guides his horse in a slow circle around t armored vehicle. He HEARS a faint CLINK -- And draws his Luger from its shiny black holster -- THEN: An AMERICAN SOLDIER hiding BEHIND THE TURRET leaps on him Tearing the German from his horse. The two men CRASH to t ground. The American stabs the Lieutenant in the face -- THWICK-THWICK-THWICK! Fast, violent, shocking... The American then carefully slides the knife blade behind German’s eye - Piercing his brainpan with a CRACK. The Ge convulses for a moment. And dies... The American retrieves his knife. Wipes it clean on the German’s uniform and scans the area with burning primal e This is DON “WARDADDY” COLLIER. Late twenties he looks mi aged. A light beard and hollow cheeks. Years of combat ha ground him into something hard and sharp. (CONTINUED)
10) 0) text: The Refugees move aside for the tanks. Among them are a d SOLDIERS - Schoolboy draftees - With no appetite for a fi They toss aside their weapons and raise white handkerchie Wardaddy, from his position high in the turret towers ove them, aims his assault rifle at them. (CONTINUED)
24) 0) text: BOOM! The last round nails the gun - Cartwheeling a GERMA SOLDIER through the air like a ragdoll.
28) 0) text: Norman loading a fresh belt of ammo... GORDO’S PERISCOPE POV - A GERMAN SOLDIER stands up and ai Panzerfaust at the Fury.
31) 14) dialog: Hey lookit here we got a live one. Get the fuck outta there boy. A feral, dirt-shiny REDNECK SOLDIER drags a middle-aged GERMAN CORPORAL out of a foxhole. The man is terrified. Trembling. He’s the last German alive - now surrounded by dozens of pissed off American troops. Dark unshaven faces Eyes burning with fever and exhaustion. The Old Sergeant makes a throat cutting motion. The Plato Soldier is about to shoot the German Corporal...
32) 0) text: Wardaddy’s four tanks lead the men and vehicles of Baker Company to their next objective. Infantry Soldiers ride o the tanks, ten or more on each. They are followed by seve HALF-TRACKS. Norman's hatch is open. He looks across at Gordo - who gi him a reassuring nod. UP IN THE SKY - Flying at 30,000 feet is a massive format of nearly a 1000 B-17 bombers! A white band of contrails covers the sky. The formation is several miles long. An astounding vision. Around the bomber formation are the corkscrewing contrails of fighters engaged in dogfights. Norman watching this entranced. The other tankers and soldiers are enthralled by the spectacle. Wardaddy watche the bombers with admiration...
33) 0) text: The column has halted. The four tanks are spread out abre The Infantry Soldiers have dismounted from the tanks and shelter behind them. Wardaddy scans the town with German binoculars. His jaw muscles ripple as he grinds his teeth. WHAT HE SEES - A typical small North German village. Hous and shops clustered around a couple intersections. He get the company net...
35) 0) text: Norman's face is pressed against his periscope. NORMAN'S PERISCOPE POV - A GERMAN SOLDIER runs right in f of the tank. Without thinking Norman opens fire. BRDDDDDDDT! Dropping the German to the street. His rifle CLATTERS across the cobblestones. Norman realizes what he did. He leans back and takes a de breath. Gordo pats his shoulder.
36) 0) text: Platoon Soldiers take cover in doorways. Staying close to walls. They kick in doors and methodically clear each building. The Fury and Love 1-5 slowly advance. Wardaddy two stories high in his turret... ON HIS LEFT - A GERMAN SOLDIER in a second story window a a submachine gun at him... Wardaddy - Almost face to face with the German - Grabs hi assault rifle and aims. BRDDT - Killing the soldier. Wardaddy scans the upper stories around him for more thre BRDDDDT! A German heavy machine gun opens up. It is cleve dug into a cellar in the base of a building. Its chainsaw roar echoes off the buildings. Its deadly tracers rake th street... Two Platoon Soldiers are hit and drop - The Machine gun i too close to the Fury for the tank to get a good shot.
38) 0) text: Wardaddy opens his hatch, bricks cover the tank. A German Soldier staggers out of the exposed building. Bleeding fr the ears and disorientated... Wardaddy pulls his .45 And takes careful aim - POP! Drops with one shot - Then out of nowhere: BOOM-KTANG! A German anti-tank shell glances off the turr with a SHOWER OF SPARKS and smashes into the building. Wardaddy is stunned by the close call. Wiping his eyes, choking on brick dust... NEW ANGLE - A Small German antitank gun is hidden inside tailor shop. The crew frantically reloading.
43) 0) text: LATER - The Company vehicles have joined the tanks. With day’s work over for them. Baker Company’s SOLDIERS swarm the town, searching houses, collecting weapons. SOLDIERS stack the dead Germans. MEDICS treat the wounded SOLDIER drags a mattress down the street. Another sits in big stuffed chair on the sidewalk smoking a cigar.
50) 0) text: A group of SOLDIERS plays blackjack on a blanket. Gamblin for piles of watches and jewelry. Norman and Gordo pourin gas into the Fury. BOOM-BOOM-BOOM-BOOM-KABOOM! - German artillery shells exp all around them. Bible drops into the turret, closes the hatch. Gordo slides off the tank and crawls underneath. Norman follows. Coon-Ass already there. A grinning fool.
76) 0) text: WHAM! Coon-Ass kicks the door. Enters with Norman. This place is disturbing in a different way. There is dri blood everywhere. Bandages. Medical supplies. Cut off blo uniforms and boots. Amputated limbs. Flesh. Organs. And a half-dozen DEAD GERMAN SOLDIERS who succumbed to battle wounds. This was a temporary field hospital.
100) 0) text: Distant ROOSTERS CROW. The escape hatch slowly opens. It’ Norman - He slips inside the Fury. He forces his way past Gordo’s body. Then covers Gordo with a jacket. He moves t Coon-Ass and covers him. Then Bible, he gently crosses hi arms over his chest. There’s Wardaddy. Sitting there. The grenades have made a mess of him. Norman takes off his jacket and covers him u He pauses. Gently picks up Wardaddy’s big calloused hand. looks at his palm. Traces the line a moment. As if to con something he already knew. Then he sets it down. Norman finds Wardaddy’s knife on the floor of the turret basket. He picks up the knife and runs his thumb along al the notches. Norman HEARS something. Movement outside the tank. And VOICES! He freezes. Unsure what to do. This kid is traumatized, h in no condition to fight Nazis... Alone and scared. Norman sits there trembling, holding Wardaddy’s knife for protection... The hatch opens - It’s a SOLDIER... An American Soldier - One we recognize - The Huge Dirty Soldier from Baker Company - He looks at Norman with war weary eyes. Wipes his nose on his sleeve and shouts to hi buddies.
100) 1) dialog: One’s alive!
101) 0) text: The Fury is shot to hell, burnt and scarred. Baker Compan soldiers are gathered around her. (CONTINUED)