13) 0) text: Its rear section (behind bars) is furnished with austere but serviceable beds, chairs, tables and a washing sink with plates and cutlery in rack above. On the floor: a capacious rawhide valise, from which ZIRA (gloved and shod) has extracted a robe into which she is changing. Her discarded space suit lies at her feet. MILO and CORNELIUS have already changed. Their space suits are hanging neatly from wall hooks. At COLONEL'S entry, MILO and CORNELIUS rise courteously to their feet, while ZIRA struggles hastily into her robe. From the threshold:
14) 6) dialog: I know where we are. I know what has happened. ZIRA and CORNELIUS stare at him.
14) 7) dialog: In some fashion -- and I lack the intellect to know precisely how -- we have traveled from Earth's future into Earth's past.
14) 9) dialog: And Earth will be destroyed -- just as we saw it. Only, since fleeing it, we have passed through a....backward disturbance in time -- did you notice the Date Meter clicking down after the shock wave hit our ship? -- and we have returned to Earth almost two thousand years before its destruction. (solemnly) That is another reason for keeping silence. Our human captors would not be edified to know that, one day, their world will crack like an egg and fry to a cinder, because of an Ape war of aggression. His low tones have become just emphatic enough to disturb:
14) 14) dialog: Apes, at this instant in time, cannot yet talk. For the moment, we should follow their example.
16) 20) dialog: Zira, are you mad?
16) 22) dialog: (evenly) I did not call her mad. I merely asked her if she was. And I repeat the question. (to Zira) Are you mad?
16) 24) dialog: There is a time for truth and a time, not for lies, but for silence. Until we know who i8 our friend and who our enemy--
16) 26) dialog: We can also listen
16) 28) dialog: And we can watch ...
16) 34) dialog: Stop arguing. It's too late for that. His body masking the GORILLA's crouched and stealthy approach from them -- but not from us.
16) 35) dialog: Use your heads and start thinking. Now that they know we can speak, how much shall we tell them? ow--