13) 0) text: Its rear section (behind bars) is furnished with austere but serviceable beds, chairs, tables and a washing sink with plates and cutlery in rack above. On the floor: a capacious rawhide valise, from which ZIRA (gloved and shod) has extracted a robe into which she is changing. Her discarded space suit lies at her feet. MILO and CORNELIUS have already changed. Their space suits are hanging neatly from wall hooks. At COLONEL'S entry, MILO and CORNELIUS rise courteously to their feet, while ZIRA struggles hastily into her robe. From the threshold:
13) 5) text: We HOLD COLONEL and MARINE M.P. talking in f.g., while AIDE proffers oranges (which the TRIO gracefully accepts) in b.g. ZIRA, holding her orange, has gone straight to the sink rack, from which she takes three plates, three knives and three forks.
14) 0) text: We START on CLOSE SHOT of the deer with pneumonia, cradled under ultraviolet lamps which (as we PULL BACK) prove to be the huge, clinically furnished room's only light source -- for the sick animals must get their rest. We PAN past a recumbent camel and the mauled fox cub, into whose small sleeping body the rubber tube of a suspended flask is intravenously dripping plasma; and END on a white-coated KEEPER (with flashlamp) inspecting our APE TRIO, now installed in one of two large, contiguous cages at the dim room's center: straw for them to lie on; a bowl of water for drinking; and a generous supply of oranges and bananas, one of which he cautiously proffers to ZIRA through the bars, while playfully patting her head. ZIRA reacts the banana and slaps his face. Taken aback but still amicably:
14) 2) dialog: (outraged whisper to Cornelius) I'm not his mate. I'm yours.
14) 4) dialog: This cage stinks of gorilla. She sits down disconsolately on the straw. Instantly CORNELIUS sits by her and takes her hand. In undertones:
14) 5) dialog: Cornelius -- where are we? What's happened? CORNELIUS helplessly shrugs. From the shadows, very softly:
16) 15) dialog: Because I loathe and detest bananas.
16) 23) dialog: I hate deceit.
16) 25) dialog: And how in the name of God are we to know that, unless we communicate? We can speak. So I spoke.
16) 30) dialog: (kicking the apparatus) Primitive? Its prehistoric. It 36
16) 33) dialog: I am calm. She knocks another piece of apparatus endways. Now even MILO's self-control snaps. He stalks to the side bars and (with eyes screwed shut in frustration) briefly but fiercely shakes them before spinning round, with back pressed against the bars, to glare at his two tormentors. We SHOOT AT AND PAST HIM into the next cage where the GORILLA now shambles to its feet and slowly advances from b.g., during:
16) 36) dialog: (screaming) Milo-o-o! Through the bars two hairy hands converge on MILO's throat and strangle him to death. The roaring of the GORILLA, the throttled cries of MILO and ZIRA's screams combine to launch:
16) 47) dialog: (angrily on her feet in a flash) He's a gorilla. As CORNELIUS soothes her:
16) 49) dialog: I should. I've been doing it half my life to Humans.
16) 51) dialog: (as though this explained everything) I'm a psychiatrist. A second shock. LEWIS covers dazed eyes with his hand and, after a struggle, regains his self-control.
16) 62) dialog: May I say something personal?
16) 64) dialog: I like you. LEWIS look gratefully from her to: