0) 0) text: ie] A two-door, dark car arrives. From the driver's seat steps a man of 40 in a dark blue suit and cowboy boots. He was RUDYARD'S employer. He holds a hand out to assist ROSIE DUNLOP, AURORA'S maid for years and, though she doesn't know it, the last white maid in Houston. She refuses the hand and concentrates on the next one out, folding back the front seat for EMMA GREENWAY-- misshapen for a child of eight--her legs too short, her hands too thick--that sort of thing--hair, unusually stringy, is even worse after the sweaty and emotional funeral, a black ribbon hangs lifeless in her tresses. She too refuses help and indicates that the man should instead help the next cecupant. That's AURORA, who emerges in black, one hand held by the man, the cther by her maid. The first thing she does on emerging from the car is to remeve her shoes. She has her arm around her young daughter as she moves barefoot across the lawn. (CONTINUED)
0) 2) dialog: Thank you, Rosie. (then to man) Thank you. AURORA is totally composed. The man stands there granite strons, West Texas' best.
0) 4) dialog: It was nice knowing you.
0) 9) dialog: I just remembered Rudyard wanted *o be cremated. (CONTINUED)
0) 10) text: AURORA sighs briefly and shakes her head at her forgetfulness.
0) 12) dialog: I don’t think we should leave it on the mantle. There comes a time when we have to stop living in the past.
2) 0) text: So feminine it's hard to believe a man shared this room until this evening. A small, original Renoir hangs prominently over the dresser. The bed is larce and soft. A window seat, also cushy, overlooks the back garden. AURORA sits in her nightgown at the window seat. Her bed has been turned down but she cannot quite bring herself to go to it; she is angry at being upset. She rises and goes to the door.
3) 1) dialog: Emma...Emma, wake up. (CONTINUED)
3) 5) dialog: I just feel so tense. And I wondered how you felt. Do you want to sleep in my bed?
3) 7) dialog: Oh.
3) 9) dialog: Yes. All right. As EMMA makes room and AURORA slides in next to her ¢Griping about the number of stuffed animals, she glances at her daughter's limp, stringy tresses.
3) 10) dialog: What will we ever do with your hair? She turns cut the lights.
6) 0) text: A good lawn--a garden AURORA cares for, trees to give her privacy from her River Oaks neighbors--another aspect of AURORA'S perfect nest. AURORA can now be fully and clearly seen for the first time without veil or shadews. She is nearing 40 and she has a rather simple method for appearing younger. She allows herself to be courted by much older men. Standing over her as she reclines in her chaise is EDWARD JOHNSON. He's S6 years old. He's here to assert himself but once more AURORA is putting him through some trying paces.
6) 4) dialog: ({absently) Because I don't. I might have romantic ones, though.
6) 6) dialog: (interrupting) Don’t be so sure.
6) 8) dialog: How long since you've tried to “be romantic? If you could manage She rises it, I might think about things like Tahiti. from her chaise and leans over to examine her flowers. Even with her back to a man, there is something ON EDWARD. flirtatious about her. He's suspicious of the offer but decides to attempt collaring a muse for the first time in his life.
6) 10) dialog: Hmmm?
6) 15) dialog: Hello.
6) 17) dialog: (to Emma) ; You're not getting hair on your lip?
6) 19) dialog: Oh, good...It was just a shadow
6) 21) dialog: Yes. It's fine.
6) 23) dialog: {to Edward) We'll be right back. As they walk away, EMMA anxiously checking her lip with her finger.
6) 26) dialog: Oh, you always make too much of the wrong things.
7) 7) dialog: Well, Neiman's isn't the only place to look for a wedding dress. And it isn't like we're having a lot of people.
8) 0) text: Two lit windows. One upstairs where we can make out the figure of AURORA'S pacing--through the other window, we can see two young women.
11) 16) dialog: (annoyed) Oh, really. I need to talk to you. We hear her walk away. EMMA is curious and a bit apprehensive.
13) 0) text: AURORA sitting under her favored painting--that small Renoir of two handsome women wearing hats and gowns. She looks grim.
13) 1) dialog: Would you want me to be silent about something that's for your own good even if it might hurt a little?
13) 7) dialog: I was sitting here trying to concentrate on what wedding ¢ift to get you... (Emma waits her out) For a second, I thought of my mether's Renoir... (Emma waits) So I've been trying--trying to ignore tke truth. (launching in) I am totally convinced that your getting married to Flap Horton tomorrow is a mistake of such proportions that it would eripple your destiny and make wretched your lite. EMMA doesn't know what hit her.
13) 8) dialog: Flap is limited, he has no imagination. Even at this ace, all he wants is a secure teaching job. He's not that attractive... his teeth...
13) 10) dialog: Because I'm your mother and I know you're not special enough to overcome a bad marriage.
13) 12) dialog: Will you stop taking what I'm saying personally? Use your brain. I'm telling you the truth. (CONTINUED)
13) 16) dialog: No. You will not do this.
13) 18) dialog: No. I mean it. This is a crossroads for us. Don't make a mistake. Do you want to stay my daughter or not? Almost literally AURORA is shoving her daugher's words back down her throat. Wills lock only briefly before EMMA'S gives way.
13) 20) dialog: That's more like it.
13) 23) dialog: I think you're right. The hypocrisy was bothering me too. EMMA exits in disbelief.
13) 25) dialog: Now I suppose you're mad at me. i7 18
14) 1) dialog: In a housedress as she stands barefoot on her front lawn, a garden tool in hand. She is looking with undisguised contempt at the former national hero as he pulls into the driveway immediately adjacent to her own, as ROYCE steers his truck into AURORA'’S driveway. It conceals BREEDLOVE'S car from our view. AURORA quickly shifts her attention to ROSIE as she steps from the truck
14) 3) dialog: They don't seem to have weddincs-- they just have christenings, don't they?
14) 6) dialog: How was it?
14) 12) dialog: Thank you. I'm pleased you dropped by.
14) 14) dialog: Miss...Miss... The hungover girl mumbles incoherently--the chain reaction to AURORA'S pushing her shoulder is to have the girl's hand jiggle the man's privates.
14) 15) dialog: (shaking harder) Young woman...young woman...? (to man) Chile molester?
14) 19) dialog: Listen carefully! You've passed out in a good neighborhood this time. Wake him up and get him inside! But give me a second. So far I've avoided meeting him and I'd like to keep it that way. As she moves to her house.
19) 0) text: The legend ONE YEAR LATER appears on the screen. AURORA is still asleep though the sun is shining in and from the television set, left on from the night before, we can see the TODAY SHOW with Hugh Downs as host. There is noise outside--vulgar, male “walla". She gets up and walks to the window.
20) 0) text: An all night party breaking up at GARRETT'S house. A motley group of spent revelers saying goodbye to him at the door. He accepts their embraces while holding a waste basket full of empty liquor bottles in the other hand. Now he restrains one girl, bidding her to stay; she nods acquiescence. She waits for him while he happily goes around to the side of the house-- the driveway adjoining AURORA'S--removes the lid from one of his main garbage cans to empty his container into it. He misses. The bottles crash. He looks at the mess, then does some twinkle-toed broken glass running back to the girl. She laughs.
22) 1) text: AURORA in her nightgown, pink folds of satin, white lace straps, the goddess of middle-age come to haunt his next erotic beer dream.
23) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hi, it's me. I don't want to rive in this rain. Would you pick me up?
23) 5) dialog: (fuming) Instead of being upset with me, why don't you realize that this is apparently how desperate I've gotten for a little male approval?
25) 0) text: As she maneuvers towards the area--four cars from the curb. She beeps. AURORA gestures for EMMA to get her car closer.
27) 0) text: AURORA, her packages in her lap, notes a bit of water running into the car from the top of her window.
27) 1) dialog: Look at this--it's raining in.
29) 0) text: The engine is silent. EMMA takes a breath of relief, tries to start the car; it will not turn over. AURORA shakes her head in disapproval. EMMA crimaces at her mother's attitude then puts her hand on the door handle.
29) 2) dialog: Why do I have to?
30) 0) text: EMMA gingerly getting out the driver's side, no protec- tion from the rain, the cars rushing by. A hand reaches through the passenger's window, an umbrella opens; AURORA steps out being ever so careful as she switches the umbrella to the other hand, steps gingerly to the street, is startled by a passing car and falls face down into the street. As EMMA rushes around the car towards her, the spray from the wheels of a passing truck drench AURORA, the packages she was carrying moiste and open showing the garments she purchased. As EMMA struggles with her mother, they look up and react:
30) 5) dialog: No.
30) 8) dialog: No. I'm very grateful. My name's Aurora Greenway and this is my daughter, Emma, and I won't blame you if you don't forgive us for the way we look.
30) 10) dialog: I just don't know what we do now.
30) 12) dialog: (overwhelmed) Thanks. AURORA takes VERNON'S arm. EMMA following, they walk to his car. He tugs nervously at his ear.
30) 13) dialog: Don't tug at your ears like that. You'll stretch your earlobes.
30) 17) dialog: So you're in the garage business?
30) 19) dialog: Where else do you go?
30) 22) dialog: What's in Alberta?
31) 0) text: As EMMA gets in the back seat, AURORA in the front. While VERNON circles the car, they have the oppor- tunity to take in the two phones, the TV set built in the back, the safe between the two front seats, the front dashboard of cowhide, the kind with the hair still on it. VERNON gets into the car.
31) 2) dialog: (touches cowhide) Except for this--how'd that happen?
33) 0) text: AURORA, a blanket around her, sipping soup.
33) 1) dialog: Where do you live?
34) 2) dialog: Yes. Why do you look so upset?
34) 4) dialog: I'm giving a dinner for some family on Wednesday. Are you free?
34) 6) dialog: (a smile) Let’s walk a little. I'll show vou my garden while there's still some light. He pops a knuckle.
36) 0) text: As she opens the door to admit the three HORTONS--FLAP, EMMA and FLAP’S father, CECIL. He's wearing a good suit that doesn't look like it belongs on him. AURORA is wearing a long green gown and some silver jewelry. In a series of quick cuts they go through a ritualistic inspection.
36) 3) dialog: Looking at the dress, nodding that she likes it. 51
36) 6) dialog: As she notes FLAP'S tie.
36) 8) dialog: Her well-cared-for hand swallowed by CECIL'S.
36) 9) dialog: Come in. How are you, Cecil?
36) 17) dialog: 
36) 18) dialog: (to Cecil) I'm making shrimp creole and I'm not serving bread. I don't think it will be possible for you to sop the plate clean the way you always do. cECIL I'm too good for you to stop with any meal.
36) 19) dialog: Well, we'll see.
36) 21) dialog: Really, every time you get two sips of a drink in you, you start looking for a way to confront me. Don't do it in my house.
36) 23) dialog: Let's sit down--Patsy, Vernon. Patsy, find Emma.
38) 4) dialog: Seated at the head of the table, VERNON and CECIL on either side. She catches VERNON staring at her intently and pushes his face a bit so it is pointing in another Girection. She, in turn, is fixed on the spectacle of CECIL using a prawn to mop up the very last traces from his plate. He is really into it, dipping the prawn in the gravy and slurping it dry, then re-dipping it. cEcIL . (mouth full) And you thought I couldn't do...
38) 5) dialog: I'm sorry but I just can’t understand you if you talk with your mouth full.
39) 0) text: As EMMA and AURORA, some thousands of clean-ups to their eredit, work with smooth precision on this one. Sut AURORA keeps a steady eye on her daughter since they are handling the good china.
39) 1) dialog: Careful. Did Vernon say a word? Isn't it just my luck to get someone who has no idea how to handle me? I don't like being worshipped until I earn it. What's wrong with you?
39) 5) dialog: (quickly) What do you mean?
39) 7) dialog: And what abcut meee? What about my being a grandmother?
39) 9) dialog: (suffering) Nothing. It's wonderful. It just might not be true.
39) 11) dialog: {angry but clenched) But maybe it's not. So let's not start the celebration prematurely. She stalks out the side door leading to the front vard. AURORA walks the lawn barefooted under the stars. 60 This moment staggers her. She moves into a darker area so that we can just see her, but we hear her sighing, collecting herself. Suddenly she is illumi- nated by headlights as a long Lincoln pulls in the bordering driveway.
39) 33) dialog: Give you a hand? It's all I can do not to step on your face. She steps over him and crosses to the house.
42) 1) dialog: (continuing) If it's Vernon, tell him...
42) 3) dialog: ...that I'm resting.
42) 5) dialog: How long are you going to keep this a secret? (CONTINUED)
42) 9) dialog: He can't even do the simple things-- like fail locally. EMMA is briefly pissed at her mother.
43) 0) text: The U-Haul is filled and attached to the rear of the HORTON'S car. Stacks of books and records as always. PATSY'S car and AURORA'S Cadillac are in evidence as are the two women and ROSIE. FLAP holds TOMMY by the hand as they look with curiosity at the women doing their leave-taking. AURORA is waiting with growing impatience for ROSIE to finish hugging and kissing EMMA goodbye. Just as they seem to have finished their last squeeze, one of them gets the need for just one mere; it’s almost an informal reception line with the reception growing colder as they move from EMMA to TOMMY to his father. ROSIE and EMMA are locked in still another embrace.
43) 1) dialog: Rosie.
43) 14) dialog: Poised before her daughter.
43) 16) dialog: Well, I'm glad somebody's able to be in a joking mood. She gives her daughter a hug as EMMA moves back.
43) 18) dialog: Get yourself a decent maternity dress.
43) 22) dialog: She thinks it's me. It's not. (turning to others) You're her friend, Patsy, tell her. She moves to her grandson. He stares at her. They are not close.
43) 27) dialog: (to Emma) The phone bill is going to be enormous. EMMA smiles at her mother. AURORA backs off, but before the car pulls out, EMMA beckons PATSY over to the car for a private word.
43) 28) dialog: Overhearing what EMMA is saying.
43) 38) dialog: Standing several feet apart. Their first moment ever tosether without EMMA as intermediary. From the look on AURORA'S face, it is obvious to PATSY that she has overhearé. An awkward pause, then:
43) 40) dialog: (nicely, even warm) I think we both know I'm not old enough to need a welcome wagon and you've got too much going for you to be one.
44) 0) text: As AURORA'S car comes to the curb to drop ROSIE off.
44) 1) text: ROSIE erying, AURORA can't bear it. She leans ROSIE to open her door.
44) 2) dialog: - Here's your bus stop. Will you . get out? she shoves at her.
44) 6) dialog: That's right, I don't have a devoted husband like yours to comfort me.
44) 8) dialog: Just get cut. ROSIE gets out of the car, gathering hersel=. shouts at AURORA as she drives away.
46) 0) text: AURORA upset--barefoot. Walking her backyard, working the garden. We hear a man running, whooping, then the splash of water, then swimming, then a man emerging from a pool. AURORA does not approve.
46) 1) dialog: (yelling for quiet) Will you please...If you will...? (CONTINUED)
46) 6) dialog: I'm not ignoring you. What amTi supposed to say? Okay. I suppose it is hard not to yell when you hit that cold water. He grins, muses whether to confess something tc her. She has turned away.
46) 8) dialog: (turning) Hey? She almost looks straight at him but is unable to and busies herself again.
46) 10) dialog: Yes.
46) 12) dialog: Not especially.
46) 18) dialog: Sure. Imagine you having a date with someone where it wasn't necessarily a felony.
46) 20) dialog: I would have said I'd like to see the White House.
46) 22) dialog: (smiling despite hersel=) Goode night. She starts in.
46) 25) dialog: ~~ (too fast) No. No, thank you.
46) 27) dialog: You know, your manner isn't--there's something like you think you're toying with me.
46) 36) dialog: I’m not going. There’s really something wrong with you. She half-runs to the house. GARRETT chuckles.
55) 0) text: AURORA enters bearing a tray--coffee, fresh rolls anc small chocolate cakes. She sets the tray down near her window seat, plumps a pillow, gets in position ané picks up the phone.
59) 1) dialog: Don't be so inconsiderate. There is a splash. She looks and can -see to next door where GARRETT is doing energetic laps. She closes the window to shut out the sound.
59) 2) dialog: (continuing) I've gotten myself all set for a good talk with you. You have almost an hour to get the boys eff. What's wrong?
59) 4) dialog: Will you stop this and just tell me?!
59) 9) dialog: (tenderly compassionate) I'm sorry, Sweetheart. I was just thinking.
59) 11) dialog: How much I hate to part with money.
59) 13) dialog: ' Oh, no. And I suppose you're going to go ahead and have it.
59) 15) dialog: Don't act like it's so terrible. t keep hearine about bright young women who are having simple abortions and getting wonderful jobs. You can go right next door to Colorado and get one.
59) 17) dialog: That's because I'm the only one who tells you the truth. How is your life going to get better if you keep having children with that man? How? What miracle is gcing to take place to rescue you?
59) 23) dialog: That's your security. I'm not going to let you use it for rent. We hear the sound of the front door close. She hangs She walks sniffs at
59) 25) dialog: If the money really... ‘EMMA No. Don't give me the money. It would make you crazy.
59) 26) dialog: (realistically) Yes, it would.
60) 0) text: Gathered around the table, a birthday cake in the center, are AURORA, VERNON, the BANKER who wanted to take AURORA to Tahiti on Page 6, and a new face, the newly widowed DR. DOUGLAS RATCHER, a family physician--he delivered TOMMY. The BANKER is finishing, reading a poem he wrote especially for the evening while AURORA busies herself licking the icing from some of the burnt out candles. :
60) 4) dialog: Of course not!
60) 8) dialog: Thank you so much, Vernon. Now...
60) 10) dialog: (to Rosie) He's still talking about it.
61) 1) dialog: (agitated) He wants me to accept old ace-- that man's a lunatic.
61) 3) dialog: . (considering) Yes, there was that. Sut Rosie, I'm starting to go. That's why I have such a miserable lot of suitors. (CONTINUED)
61) 7) dialog: 
61) 9) dialog: (enjoying spooking Rosie) about some of the same things--veins and sunken eyes and shuffling along on tiny footsteps. Admit it. It's my birthday. Let's be close. Okay, woman you are.
62) 2) dialog: As she looks across at the astronaut's house, through the side window, we get a glimpse of his moving from view, apparently cooking. Now with sudden and extraordinary purpose, she runs across the lawn to his door where she rings the bell. Waits, nervously backs Yeah? up several steps.
62) 7) dialog: I was curious whether you still wanted to take me to lunch.
62) 9) dialog: (argumentative) A few years back you asked me to...
62) 11) dialog: (overriding) ...lunch and I wanted to know if the invitation still exists. GARRETT pauses. She stares dacgers from the dark. He then takes the easiest out.
62) 13) dialog: When?
62) 15) dialog: All right. She walks back to her house, GARRETT locking after her.
64) 0) text: As ROSIE enters. She hears some noise from the kitchen. AURORA is in a slip talking on the phone to EMMA. The breakfast table is covered with make-up items anc a mirror has been set up. She is almost wildly energetic, perhaps even happy.
64) 1) dialog: (into phone) Emma, don't be an idiot. Of course he's seeing someone else. Catch him, confront him and leave him. Well, — are you happy the way things are? (to Rosie) Good morning. (into phone) Rosie just came in. I'm going to have to move. (to Rosie) I can't be late for the beauty parior when they finally agreed to open early. She hands the phone to ROSIE and charges out.
65) 1) dialog: Hello, Garrett. Let's get going. I'm starving... (nervous) ...and there are no hidden meanings in that. ice INT. EMMA'S OLD STATION WAGON - DAY - DES MOINES As it moves into a parking place at a shopping center in Des Moines. She gives herself a quick onceover in the cracked rear view mirror. This is interrupted by the horn beep from the next car. An incredibly brief beep, like a man coughing ever so slightly to let someone know he's there. EMMA looks over.
66) 0) text: As GARRETT opens the door of his yellow Corvette and AURORA slides in, with some difficulty. The top is down. Now GARRETT gets in, puts on his seat belt, glances at her as she pats at hersel?.
66) 2) dialog: No, don't worry. Grown women are prepared for life's little emergencies. She removes a scarf matching her outfit. As she ties it in place, they pull out. EXT. HOUSTON HIGHWAY - DAY lil An eight track playing loudly to override the force of wind in the open car. GARRETT is relaxec. He shouts over the wind to her.
66) 4) dialog: Would it be too much trouble to put the top up?
66) 9) dialog: (exploding) Just quiet, please, until I leave. The girls are shocked into silence, AURORA exits.
67) 1) dialog: (explaining) That's very rude--to look at other women when you're with me.
67) 3) dialog: I don't get drunk and I don't care for escorts who do.
67) 7) dialog: (mulling) To break the ice? r GARRETT . fo kill that bug you have up your ass. She starts to take offense but he is grinning at her, perhaps giving her some test.
67) 8) dialog: (to passing waiter) I'll have some bourbon, preferably Wild Turkey.
67) 10) dialog: I don't think you should worry about that yet. Impatient boys sometimes miss dessert.
70) 0) text: As GARRETT'S convertible at about 30 mph sways along the waterside roadway connecting Galveston and Houston. Large ships in the background. GARRETT is sitting atop the driver's seat steering with his feet. AURORA, reluctantly playing his accomplice, one of her feet on the gas pedal, an awkward reach from her side of the car. She must shout to make herself heard over the wind. (CONTINUED)
70) 3) dialog: I'm not enjoying this.
70) 5) dialog: I'm stopping.
70) 7) dialog: How are you? He moves. There are some bruises. She is bending over him
70) 8) dialog: (continuing) It's not my fault, but I'm sorry.
70) 11) dialog: Get it out of there.
70) 13) dialog: We were almost having a good time. Why did you have to do this? -
70) 17) dialog: : Why did you have to get drunk?
71) 2) dialog: Would you like to come in?
71) 4) dialog: Everything would have been fine if you hadn't gotten drunk. - ~~ He locks at her contemptuously. (CONTINUED)
71) 9) dialog: What is it that makes you try so hard to shock and insult me? I really hate that way of talkinc which you must know, so why do you do it? She has a point. He considers it.
71) 11) dialog: I suppose just because I'm not Little Miss Round Heels, you're not going to call. He turns.
71) 13) dialog: Well, what do you call a woman who falls over and has sex after a first date?
71) 15) dialog: Oh, look at you. You're so proud of yourself.
75) 1) dialog: The astronaut's impossible. An arrogant, self-centered, and, yes, somewhat entertaining man--who has realized his ambition and is at last forever a spoiled child.
75) 3) dialog: You'd think so, wouldn't you? But I really think he's just not going to have any more to do with me. (CONTINUED)
75) 7) dialog: . I don't want to tell you.
75) 9) dialog: On a first date.
75) 11) dialog: I don't know what you mean.
75) 13) dialog: Shut up! I mean it!
75) 15) dialog: No, come on.
75) 17) dialog: I'll hang up.
75) 22) dialog: Well, I'm not exactly in the mood to play granny right now.
75) 25) dialog: Taking a bit of her eclair and then throwing it into a waste basket. She is experiencing the first gnawing staces of an anxiety threatening to escape and ravage her after decades of quiet. She crosses to a dresser and searches for a particular nightgown, finds it. She sits, nightgown on her lap, anc goes through the phone book. She writes down a number which she finds, all the while throush the open window we HEAR GARRETT doing his laps. She takes off one earring and tosses her head a bit to get the receiver just right before Gialing. The phone rings until eventually we hear the SOUND of laps stop. We hear the muffled voice of GARRETT at the other end saying, "Hello".
75) 26) dialog: (her voice not behaving) Hello, Garrett. I was just sitting here realizing that I'd never shown you my Renoir. Would you care to come over and see my Renoiz? Oh, stop it. You know Renoir's a painter. Sometimes it's really stupid to pretend you're stupid. JI am saying what I mean. I'm inviting you to lock at my Renoir. Yes, it happens to be in my bedroom. Don't cackle. Do you want to see it? Whenever you like. You could come right now or be a fool. See you in a bit then. (suddenly uncertain) - If I don't answer the bell, the back door's open. (CONTINUED)
75) 30) dialog: Garrett?
75) 34) dialog: Just who do you think you're talking to like this? Don't you realize I'm a grandmother! Ané with that she takes his face and gives him a stunning open-moutheé, expert kiss. They break. He is staggered. (CONTINUED)
75) 36) dialog: It's not flattering if you look too surprised. Just give me a minute. Her self-image buoyed by her own actions, she moves towards the bathroom pausing to scoop up & perfume atomizer from her dresser. GARRETT waits, a hand reaches around to turn off the light and then we see AURORA as she posed earlier, backlit and intriguing.
75) 38) dialog: Then go home and turn them on. He accepts her conditions and stands waiting in the shadows. She moves towards the bed. In the darkness we can see him stepping out of his elasticized swim trunks, hopping a bit as he fails to release the second leg smocthly while AURORA turns back the covers and slips inside. He joins her under the covers.
75) 40) dialog: Well, coming from you... (then a whispered secret) I always like to splurge on bedding. we hear a rustle and see him start to move with enormous enercy.
75) 41) dialog: No. {a small kiss) Let's lie still for a while. All right?
80) 7) dialog: I'm running a little behind schedule. She lauchs atypically, then stops herself.
80) 10) dialog: (whispering) I'm lying here next to the astronaut.
80) 15) dialog: By Um-hmm.
80) 17) dialog: I'll speak to you later.
82) 1) text: AURORA and GARRETT, their backs to VERNON, walking slowly arm-in-arm. ROSIE looks over to VERNON to see how he’s taking it. (CONTINUED)
83) 0) text: AURORA and GARRETT walking.
83) 2) dialog: I didn't think we were engaged. Your ego, really.
83) 5) dialog: You're saving a fortune on me.
83) 7) dialog: My best instincts had me avoiding it.
86) 0) text: AURORA aglow, the living room filled with astronaut memorabilia--pictures, a piece of rock, a NASA flag, a model of a missile. AURORA now stares at a moon globe with raised surfaces denoting the craters of the moon. (CONTINUED)
86) 6) dialog: Except it turns your profession into a sex trap.
86) 8) dialog: I didn't realize I was tripping over such a deeply felt principle.
86) 10) dialog: (flustered--backing down) Well, of course, I'm curious about what it was like out there. (CONTINUED)
86) 14) dialog: That's your stock answer.
86) 16) dialog: And you always leave it at that.
87) 0) text: He is in AURORA'S arms, the moonlight filtering throuch the windew. GARRETT, for now anyway, feels understood, challenged, loved. He is talking about himself in the manner of a hungry man having his first meal in months. She is, as he will later comment, a girl you can really talk to.
87) 2) dialog: (fascinated) Keep talking. (CONTINUED)
87) 7) dialog: Yes. This is my moment. He shifts uncomfortably.
87) 8) dialog: (continuing) Don't get nervous. He lauchs.
95) 2) dialog: You say that every two seconds. ROSIE dashes out the side door. EMMA begins beeping 167 ‘the horn. GARRETT'S door opens. By the time she comes into the driveway ROSIE is right alongside the car looking at MELANIE.
95) 4) dialog: Pausing in the driveway separating her house from GARRETT AURORA is flushed, excited, trying to contain it.
95) 5) dialog: Come see Emma and her children.
95) 11) dialog: You're not an outsider.
95) 14) dialog: (torn) Just a second. This is Garrett--you remember.
95) 17) dialog: Anything wrong? No.
95) 19) dialog: I'll be over later. tired anyway and want to get to sleep early. 100. I'll be right there. mother's cause) very good. be here. They're probably {suagestively) And I'd like to get to bed early.
95) 22) dialog: {to Garrett) See you later. She starts towards her family. ROSIE is just finishing her first round of emotional embraces. She is on TEDDY and in the process of making a discovery which delights her and she announces to the world.
95) 24) dialog: Where's the baby?
95) 26) dialog: (hugging half-heartedly) Well, I talk to you every day. 171 . EMMA takes her mother over to the passenger's side the station wacon where MELANIE is still strapped in her car-seat.
95) 29) dialog: You have your hands full. I'll take her. As AURORA lifts the gorgeous infant.
95) 31) dialog: A little? It's like looking in the mirror. 102.
96) 0) text: Where a rollaway has been added to EMMA'S old bed. TOMMY and TEDDY are in bed, AURORA and EMMA alternating tucking and kissing. They turn the light out and then stand together framed in the doorway saying their goodnights.
97) 2) dialog: (sincerely) You look. terrible. No one wants _a girl whe looks washed out and tired all @ time. Well, Sam Likeseme the way I am and Flap doesn’t notice, so it really doesn't matter.
97) 4) dialog: It's just your pattern that you finally take this small Step away from Flap and it's towards. this unavailable, married, colder, Iowan.
97) 6) dialog: He has a name.
97) 8) dialog: No, I tell you it's so strange to find out relatively, relatively late in life that sex is... EMMA waits anxiously. Her mother looks at her a beat-- then a somber flash of confession.
97) 9) dialog: (continuing) Emma, I'm moth to flame. This affair is just going to kill me. (CONTINUED)
97) 13) dialog: (tears showing; her voice breaking) I didn't know I'd start to need him. EMMA moves to embrace her mother and in hugging ji¢gles the milk she is holding. It spills on them. The tender communion ends with AURORA returning to her role.
97) 14) dialog: Honestly, Emma. (looking at nightgown). I just got this. You're too old to be this clumsy.
99) 19) dialog: Well, hello, stranger. Has it only been two days?
99) 21) dialog: My garden. They stroll back towards the garden--AURCRA feeling that "choking feeling"-=she keeps looking, waiting for him to notice that she's anxious and lighten the mood. When she does catch his eye, he breaks eff the contact.
99) 25) dialog: Maybe not. I hope not.
99) 27) dialog: Are you intentionally sounding like an idiot to make this easier for me?
99) 29) dialog: (continuing low) You don't even know that you're going to miss me.
99) 31) dialog: What a relief.
99) 34) dialog: I just wish you'd go take a flying screw for yourself. (CONTINUED)
99) 38) text: . You're lucky. I feel humiliated. She is nakedly pained and angry as she looks at him. It's unsettling and there is a trace of real anguish in GARRETT as he awkwardly exits. We hold on AURORA for a beat then:
105) 0) text: AURORA sitting at the table alone, the light on.
105) 1) dialog: (into phone) I know what it is. You don't keep yoursel£ up so your sweat glands have stopped up. It's a cyst. i113.
106) 2) dialog: Do they have good hospitals in Nebraska?
106) 4) dialog: It’s a cyst--it's right where your oil glands are and they've stopped up because you've never learned what to eat or how to wash.
109) 2) dialog: Bello, Flap. Have you heard anything?
110) 2) dialog: No. How are the children?
110) 4) dialog: Yes, well, they have nothing to feel ashamed about.
110) 6) dialog: Oh, stop. Let me know if you hear. She hancs up.
111) 1) dialog: Do you two know each other?
111) 6) dialog: (ignoring him) vernon, why don't we go inside? VERNON leans forward to give her some sotto advice, pulling at her arm some to get her ear down to his range.
111) 8) dialog: (to Garrett) They're taking a biopsy. GARRETT grimaces broadly as if just suffering an incredibly sharp stomach pain.
111) 9) dialog: What's wrong with you?
113) 0) text: AURORA hangs up the phone. ROSIE is busy nearby.
113) 1) dialog: (to Rosie) Our girl's in trouble. She has a sort of cyst that turned out to be malignant. She has to go to a hospital in Lincoln. The two women embrace. ROSIE does with ease something she has never done befcre. She kisses AURORA on the cheek.
115) 0) text: PATSY sits alongside AURORA. PATSY is wearing a fur coat and locks dazzling. This is a new doctor, DR. MAISE. He is too calm. He also cannot seem to eontrol his eyes from clicking over to PATSY occasionally AURORA not missing this aspect of the interview.
115) 5) dialog: But you're not telling me anything.
115) 7) dialog: How is she?
115) 9) dialog: (dumb founded) And they let you get away with that?
116) 0) text: MAISE, AURORA and PATSY walking aionc.
116) 4) text: 199 200 118. CONTINUED: 199 © He snickers at this but not until AURORA wheels and stares at him.
116) 5) dialog: I keep on telling mysel* your personality has nothing to do with your abilities. That is true, isn't it?
116) 8) dialog: (giving in) Well, we're not with Emma right now.
116) 10) dialog: Of course. They enter her room.
117) 0) text: She's reading the kids’ letters and enjoying hersei‘. AURORA and PATSY enter with broadly fixed smiles on their faces.
117) 2) dialog: (sitting on the bed) I just get so frustrated with the @octor. But it all boils down to you're getting out of here tomorrow and you won't have to stay here again.
117) 9) dialog: I don't think it's a bad idea for you to have a vacation by yourself. With Rosie and I here, you might as well take advantage of the freedom.
117) 11) dialog: Oh, stop it?
126) 0) text: As a cab leaves AURORA off at her hotel. The sion contains a provocative message: “Home of the Pleasure Dome."
127) 0) text: As AURORA walks past the reception desk where first by din and then by actual sight we see: INT. PLEASURE DOME - NIGHT ‘ 218 A monument to a certain type taste. It has a giant indoor area with a sweating indoor pool, some matted and torn artificial turf serving as a miniature golf course, ping-pong tables, shuffleboard and scores of pinball machines, all of it covered by a plastic top creating an eerie translucence. Most of the rooms at this Holiday Inn have balconies facing out on the Pleasure Dome. So it is a weary AURORA we see climb up to the balcony and open the door to one of these rooms. (CONTINUED)
129) 0) text: AURORA, dressed colorfully, is supervising the two men hancing AURORA'S Renoir and Klee. She also squeezes her armpit periodically. EMMA is in bed. She is genuinely cheered by the additions.
129) 2) dialog: Sure. (to men) Be careful. Those paintings are worth more than you'll make in your lifetime. The men turn and react.
130) 0) text: AURORA eating a desultory meal with VERNON. There is so little to say. He is concerned for her. She catches him looking at her at one point as she unconscicusly squeezes her armpit. She stops anc pats his hand in reassurance.
131) 0) text: AURORA at the nurse's station. There is a large clock rominent in the background which reads seven minutes past eight. AURORA is extraordinarily agitated, hyper, manic.
131) 1) dialog: It's after eight. Give her the pain shot.
131) 5) dialog: Then go ahead. It's after eight.
131) 7) dialog: Why should she have to have the pain right now? It's time for her shot.
131) 9) dialog: She only has to hold out till eight. Give her the shot.
131) 11) dialog: We'll talk later. Give her the shot.
134) 0) text: Following AURORA into the Pleasure Dome.
135) 2) dialog: (to Tommy) You'd better not. I'm not kidding. Push your father in if you want. TOMMY gets out of the pool and advances ominously on AURORA. She fixes him with a look, but just then there is a call from the balcony surrounding the Pleasure Dom
135) 5) dialog: She walks towards the stairway, GARRETT down the stairs. They embrace. .
135) 6) dialog: ghe is trying very hard and with noteworthy success not to cry.
135) 7) dialog: Well, whoever expected you to be a nice guy? They embrace.
136) 0) text: As AURORA and GARRETT walk. ON GARRETT. Getting the willies in the hospital.
136) 1) dialog: You can wait in that little reception room. She said she really loved that you came and the way you did it.
140) 0) text: Where AURORA sees GARRETT off. They embrace and as Part of the embrace, he grabs a good handful of her rear end.
140) 2) dialog: I'm sure your being there meant a lot to h... (catching herself, then directly) It meant a lot to me. (now briskly) I'm at the hospital all the time or I'll call you. No, then if you're with someone, you'll have that funny sound in your voice. Oh, I don't care. Who cares? Thanks for coming. I love you. They hug again holding each other's rears. AURORA starts away from him, stops. 236
140) 3) dialog: (calling) Garrett. He stops, she walks to him.
140) 4) dialog: I can't help being curious. Do you have any reaction to my telling you that I love you?
140) 6) dialog: Well, you're stuck now so you might as well face up. You're old enough to tell and I'm old enough to hear your reaction to my saying "I love you". (he hesitates) Tell me. Really. (CONTINUED)
140) 10) dialog: Which is?
140) 12) dialog: {enjoying him) Why is it the most fun you have is always at my expense? He hefts his flight bag, grins, musses her graying hair a bit and exits. 237 INT.
140) 15) dialog: Why are you always looking out the window? Is it to avoid me?
140) 17) dialog: Let's not fight so much.
140) 19) dialog: You amaze me. I think of us as always fighting.
141) 0) text: AURORA going through the line, looking with extraordinary distaste as people in front of her have food plopped into their plates, wet glops covered with thick syrups. She addresses the black woman behind the counter.
141) 1) dialog: You don't put any gravy on the cottage cheese, do you?
141) 3) dialog: I'll have some cottage cheese and some whole wheat toast.
141) 5) dialog: No, thank you. The woman hands her the food. AURORA walks with her tray. She sees PATSY with the three kids just finishing a meal. PATSY looks tanned ané gorgeous. They are all wearing ski clothes. They greet each other. TOMMY, a perfunctory huc; TEDDY, a squeeze; MELANIE, utterly kissable. TOMMY puts down a different water glass in front of AURORA.
141) 8) dialog: I'd wait.
141) 10) dialog: I'm going to raise the children. 238 240 242 242 243 138.
141) 14) dialog: Maybe not.
141) 16) text: TEDDY and TOMMY spying on AURORA'S table from afar.
141) 21) dialog: Hello.
141) 23) dialog: I was with her most of last night and today--as usual. (CONTINUED)
141) 27) dialog: : She wants to die~-and sometimes I - do too. AURORA sips some water; it dribbles down her chin.
141) 29) dialog: Patsy wants to raise Melanie and maybe the boys. Don't you think they should be with me?
141) 31) dialog: You don't have the resources,
141) 33) dialog: Raising three children and working full time and Tunning after women requires a lot more energy than you have. You've always had a knowledge of your own weakness--don't lose that quality now that you need it most. She sips and dribbles. FLAP rises, watches AURORA dab at her chin.
144) 0) text: AURORA seated with MELANIE on her lap as the boys enter the scene.
144) 3) dialog: Come on, your father's back at the hotel.
145) 0) text: AURORA making conversation to soothe TEDDY who keeps lapsing unexpectedly into tears or sniffling. TOMMY lags behind, pausing, looking back at the hospital, then catching up.
145) 1) dialog: You know, I was speaking to this boy back in River Oaks where I live and@ he was telling me how great the Cub Scouts are in Houston, just about the best there are.
145) 3) dialog: That's a boy. I just can't have you criticize your mother around me.
146) 0) text: One light on. FLAP dozing in a chair. AURORA seated across the room, looking at EMMA, who is on even more life support systems, and now EMMA looks back. Her mother smiles at her with quiet and mystic reassurance-- their final communication. EMMA turns; AURORA looks out the window. The door opens, a nurse enters. She ehecks EMMA. This is the same nurse who had the run-in with AURORA. She's a bit reluctant to approach her. She touches FLAP, who awakens.
146) 2) text: 253 254 255 256 CONTINUED: 253. FLAP gets to his feet. He looks at AURORA, who rises.
146) 3) dialog: i'm so stupid. After all she's been through, “I thought I'd feel relief when she went...0h, my sweet little thing..- (a wail) Oh, Emma...please. She catches herself, looks at FLAP, sadness flowing again. He stands quite still, something approaching dignity. . AURORA . (continuing) There's nothing harder, is there? She looks at FLAP again, a step and they are in each other's arms, AURORA kisses his brow, he kisses her pack. They look towards the bed. Then:
146) 4) dialog: Let's go. FLAP opens the door, waits for her; she gestures that he should go first. An instant where she looks back from the doorway.
148) 0) text: ROSIE, PATSY and AURORA preparing some food. They argue with AURORA and each other about who should not be doing this. ‘