0) 0) text: ie] A two-door, dark car arrives. From the driver's seat steps a man of 40 in a dark blue suit and cowboy boots. He was RUDYARD'S employer. He holds a hand out to assist ROSIE DUNLOP, AURORA'S maid for years and, though she doesn't know it, the last white maid in Houston. She refuses the hand and concentrates on the next one out, folding back the front seat for EMMA GREENWAY-- misshapen for a child of eight--her legs too short, her hands too thick--that sort of thing--hair, unusually stringy, is even worse after the sweaty and emotional funeral, a black ribbon hangs lifeless in her tresses. She too refuses help and indicates that the man should instead help the next cecupant. That's AURORA, who emerges in black, one hand held by the man, the cther by her maid. The first thing she does on emerging from the car is to remeve her shoes. She has her arm around her young daughter as she moves barefoot across the lawn. (CONTINUED)
0) 5) dialog: (to man) Bye.
0) 11) dialog: (entering scene) What are you going to do with Daddy's picture?
0) 13) dialog: Can I have it? AURORA hands it to her daughter. RCSIE loving the child from the doorway cf the dining room where she is already setting the table for lunch. We follow EMMA past the stairs to the first floor room that is hers.
1) 0) text: There is a zoo's worth of stuffed animals, a cheap record player, an original cast movie soundtrack of "Wizard of Oz" in evidence, very little free space. EMMA stands over the table next to her bed containine a lamp and several of the stuffed animals. She removes two of her favored ones, a dog and a panda bear, ané puts her father's picture in their place. She must remove one more animal to make room.
3) 4) dialog: What's wrong?
3) 6) dialog: No, thank you.
3) 8) dialog: (a beat, then) Do you want to sleep in my bed again?
4) 0) text: EMMA, her hopeless hair, unaided by the style of the dav, is the kind of high school girl whose near dumpiness seems only a minor hindrance because she so totally accepts it. She is walking with her best friend, PATSY CLARK. PATSY is a bright, blonde Bayou Club beauty. She is athletic, warm and sensitive, seemincly perfect in every way with even the good ¢race to have a bit of a tortured soul. As they arrive at the house, there is some activity next door.
4) 2) dialog: We have an astronaut moving in next door.
4) 5) dialog: Garrett Breedlove.
4) 7) dialog: It would be nice to have a mother somebcdy liked. She enters the house.
5) 0) text: As EMMA enters, ROSIE is cleaning.
5) 1) dialog: Where is she?
5) 3) dialog: Thank you, Rosie. She exits.
6) 16) dialog: Hi. Hello, Mr. Johnson.
6) 18) dialog: (exasperated) Nooe.
6) 20) dialog: (worried) You sure?
6) 22) dialog: I wanted to borrow the car. I got invited over to the Bayou Club.
6) 25) dialog: I can't believe how you tease these men. They've got feelings, too.
7) 0) text: EMMA (now 21) posing in a bridal dress. She is flushed, tickled to the core that the dress is so fantastic. She (CONTINUED)
7) 6) dialog: It is too much, isn't it?
7) 8) dialog: (accepting) Yeah, I guess, and just to wear once.
9) 0) text: PATSY and EMMA are in pajamas, the stuffed animals still in evidence. "King and I" is playing as EMMA ties (CONTINUED)
9) 4) dialog: No. It feels so natural. Is something wrong with me?
11) 4) dialog: I just plain refuse to get into that kind of thinking. Oh, God, this is the last time we'll be like this, isn't it? (MORE) (CONTINUED)
11) 7) dialog: (hugging) But we'll always love each other and our babies will be best friends. As they hug.
11) 9) dialog: (sobbing) Oh, Patsy, give me a break. There is a knock on the door.
11) 12) dialog: You can't come in.
11) 14) dialog: (to Patsy) What the hell? I'm getting married. She opens the door. The marijuana cigarette in her mouth. PATSY hysterical in the background.
11) 15) dialog: What is it, Mom?
11) 20) dialog: She's only an expert on how to avoid it. {Patsy laughs) - Oh, I shouldn't say things like . that. I didn't mean it. She bites her tongue.
12) 0) text: To show EMMA a bit wobbly, pause near the living room getting the small pulse of pleasure she always receives from taking in the original Klee painting which han¢s prominently there--a few sharply angled lines, some black, some grey and some red.
13) 2) dialog: Yes, ma'am, I sure would. She dashes out, closine the door behind her. We hear her lauching, giddy--hich on life, Texas weed and her own wit. AURORA is thrown by the totally unexpected behavior. She starts after EMMA who reappears, still havine a creat time.
13) 3) dialog: What is it, Momma? I really would like to get some sleep so I can look halfway decent tomorrow. AURORA can't say what she has to in this atmosphere. Sulky and beleaguered, she retreats to the comfort of her window seat. I+ looks out on her garden; it is soft and well-cushioned and safe.
13) 4) dialog: (babyingc her) Come on, what is it? (CONTINUED)
13) 9) dialog: You don't know anything about me. Shut up...just shut up or I'll get you back. Just how can you do this to me now? How can you? How can you? How can you? How can you?
13) 11) dialog: (shocked--crazy mad) Oh. Oh. Occoccoe. I'm going to get you back.
13) 15) dialog: I can get you on your looks. You're so worried about aging--well?... You know your neck's losing shape... EURORA'S remarkable gifts for self preservation come into play. With muscles never before needed nor flexed she moves to stifle her daughter's rage.
13) 17) dialog: I'm not that scared of you. You know, your rear end...
13) 19) dialog: (calmer) You're just so awful to me.
13) 21) dialog: Thank God for Flap Horton for getting me out of here. She starts out then wheels on her mother.
13) 22) dialog: If this is your attitude, I don't think you should bother to come to the weddinc.
13) 24) dialog: My own mother's not coming to my wedding.
15) 0) text: This is a garage apartment in the area around Rice University--poor housing to some--a “find" to graduate students of which FLAP HORTON is one. There are stairs leading up to the door and an area at the top of the stairs with just enough room for a somewhat rusty porch swing. Houston is built on a swamp. It is tropical; the air is extraordinarily sensual and, for EMMA, sitting outside on one of those humid, fragrant summer nichts is part of what being Houstonian is all abeut. So she sits here now with her new husbande, still halt dressed in the clothes they were married in, a bit drunk from champagne, with their belongings inside awaiting the setting up of housekeeping if energy ever strikes. Their clothes are dirty from the porch. They are somewhat sweaty as they eat from a Kentucky Colonel carton. FLAP finishing off some corn-on-the-cob. FLAP is 23 and looks like a nice guy.
15) 1) dialog: I'm glad we didn't try to do a honeymoon. The phene begins ringing.
15) 2) dialog: She's going crazy. I'll make her wait till noon tomorrow. That's about all she could take.
15) 4) dialog: Oh, she just came apart because I was leaving and she was feeling more alone. (CONTINUED)
15) 7) dialog: "Medium esteem"=--you're so cute. FLAP stands and helps her up, finishing some corn-on- 20 the-cob. She gives him a little kiss and hand-in-hand they walk across their threshold. Books are stacked in piles, most of them paperbacks. As they move past the stacks.
15) 8) dialog: Wouldn't it have been strange i= one of us married someone who ' @idn't like to read? And there must be millions of interesting people in the world who just don't like to read. I feel so totally good about us. I hope I get pregnant tonight.
15) 10) dialog: (between kisses) The only thing I don't like about sex is that it always means the end of a conversation. Now they go at it on the mattress, the windows open, lamps on at the other end of the room provice illumi- mation. When FLAP gets horny, it would never occur to him to close doors or shut out lights. Sut he pauses for some atypical foreplay, kisses her body, touches her, they grin at each other.
15) 11) dialog: (impressed with his foreplay) Well, aren't we being leisurely tonight? (CONTINUED)
15) 14) dialog: It's just a shame that my mother's too arrogant to ever admit how ‘wrong she was about you and how levely and wonderful you are. But now she pauses because the SOUND of FLAP sucking the corn from his teeth between kisses of her breast is distracting her.
15) 16) dialog: (swatting him) What are you dcing? He realizes suddenly ané they both laugh.
15) 18) dialog: Flap, for God's sake. What's the opposite of romantic?
17) 0) text: EMMA and FLAP have just finished having sex again. (CONTINUED)
17) 4) dialog: : I know. He smiles and reaches next to him for a paperback book. The phone starts ringing from the kitchen. FLAP makes a sour face. EMMA decides to answer it. Scampering from the bed, she is wearing one of FLAP'S T-shirts and nothing else.
18) 0) text: EMMA picks up the phone.
18) 1) dialog: (into phone) I'm not ready to forgive you. I'm happy--leave me alone. I don't want to talk now. She starts to hang up, then reconsiders.
18) 2) dialog: (continuing) Oh, did you see the table cloth Rosie made me? Oh, it's beautiful. No, not yet. I thought omelettes. No, I'll do them sort of Tex-Mex. I don't feel like talking now. No, I mean it. That was the worst thing you ever did to me. FLAP comes padding in shirtless, zipping up his jeans as EMMA sees him.
18) 3) dialog: {continuing into phone) Well, I think you owe my husband an apology. Well, until you do tell it to my husband, I'm not going to listen to any of your gossip. He's right here. FLAP gestures he wants no part of the phone. EMMA mimes that he must do this. He shakes his head. finally she wins the silent debate, FLAP taking the phone. EMMA'S concentration on his end of the conversation is extraordinary. (CONTINUED)
18) 6) dialog: (shouting towards phone) Momma, be nice. I'm not kidding.
18) 8) dialog: Hi. Isn't he great?
25) 0) text: As she maneuvers towards the area--four cars from the curb. She beeps. AURORA gestures for EMMA to get her car closer.
25) 1) dialog: (yelling) Iean't. You're just going to have to get a little wet.
26) 0) text: Pouring rain--EMMA'S old, clearly run-down car in late afternoon rush hour traffic.
27) 2) dialog: (broadly sarcastic) Well, heavens. She is straining to see out, wiping at the fogged windowshield with her hand.
28) 0) text: As the light changes, EMMA'S car entering. (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: The engine is silent. EMMA takes a breath of relief, tries to start the car; it will not turn over. AURORA shakes her head in disapproval. EMMA crimaces at her mother's attitude then puts her hand on the door handle.
29) 1) dialog: We'd better get out of here.
29) 3) dialog: It's too easy for another car to plow into us.
30) 0) text: EMMA gingerly getting out the driver's side, no protec- tion from the rain, the cars rushing by. A hand reaches through the passenger's window, an umbrella opens; AURORA steps out being ever so careful as she switches the umbrella to the other hand, steps gingerly to the street, is startled by a passing car and falls face down into the street. As EMMA rushes around the car towards her, the spray from the wheels of a passing truck drench AURORA, the packages she was carrying moiste and open showing the garments she purchased. As EMMA struggles with her mother, they look up and react:
30) 6) dialog: Thanks for stopping. What's your name? .
30) 24) dialog: I guess we're dropping me off first.
31) 0) text: As EMMA gets in the back seat, AURORA in the front. While VERNON circles the car, they have the oppor- tunity to take in the two phones, the TV set built in the back, the safe between the two front seats, the front dashboard of cowhide, the kind with the hair still on it. VERNON gets into the car.
31) 1) dialog: What a car.
35) 1) dialog: My mother gave me money to shop so I wouldn't look poor next to Patsy. I got you something.
35) 5) dialog: Tonight you are.
35) 7) dialog: Every time I feel really happy, you turn perverse on me.
35) 9) dialog: Yes. Yes. I wish you would under- stan@ that because you really don't. It made me very happy describing your jacket to the salesman, thinking how it would go absolutely perfectly with what you're wearing... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
35) 12) dialog: (she picks it up and holds it against his outfit to see) .«..which, by the way, it certainly does. It was a goddamned Mardi Gras buying you that tie and you're tco dumb to understand that kind of happiness.
35) 15) dialog: (exasperated) Do you like the tie?
35) 17) dialog: (pleased) I knew you would.
36) 0) text: As she opens the door to admit the three HORTONS--FLAP, EMMA and FLAP’S father, CECIL. He's wearing a good suit that doesn't look like it belongs on him. AURORA is wearing a long green gown and some silver jewelry. In a series of quick cuts they go through a ritualistic inspection.
36) 2) dialog: Catching her mother's disapproval.
36) 5) dialog: Acting like her mother's opinion doesn't matter.
37) 0) text: ROSIE, smoking, has a tray of drinks beside her as she and EMMA sit with feet up on the back porch. They are drinking.
37) 2) dialog: Want me to rub it?
37) 7) dialog: My favorite stories. ROSIE. You was always the best child I knowed. I always feel bad inside that I love you more than my...Own. Anyways, after he fell asleep, my throat just closed on me. I got the choking feeling. You know what I'm talking about?
37) 8) dialog: No.
37) 12) dialog: You okay?
39) 0) text: As EMMA and AURORA, some thousands of clean-ups to their eredit, work with smooth precision on this one. Sut AURORA keeps a steady eye on her daughter since they are handling the good china.
39) 4) dialog: It does get my goat that my husband lusts after my best friend. (calming) : Maybe my temper is due to nature. - (she turns te her) There is some good news. I'm unofficially pregnant.
39) 6) dialog: I didn't get the test back but you know me, I'm never late. (on Aurora's look) I'm going to get so mad if you're not happy for me. I mean it.
39) 8) dialog: What's wrong with that?
40) 3) dialog: EMMA is holding an adorable infant, her first born, TOMMY. PATSY sits alongside her, somewhat intent.
40) 4) dialog: Where's Rodeo Drive?
40) 7) dialog: Tommy--sssshhh.
40) 10) dialog: Thanks. Wish he was quietez. And now she reaches the aisle.
42) 0) text: Where EMMA is doing her clothes. Her mother looking out the window at her grandson. The SOUND of a phone ringing. She hangs EMMA picks it up.
42) 2) dialog: »e-that you're out.
42) 4) dialog: (into phone) Hi, Flap...Oh--where? No, I don't want to wait to hear. Tell me. (suddenly down) My. Oh, you did not expect I'd be happy--let's be honest with each other before we have to start: pretending. Look, my mother's right here trying to look disinterested. So I'll see you later. I know. Everything will be fine. up. The phone is barely on the cradle, then:
42) 8) dialog: The only school that's accepted Flap as an associate is in Des Moines. We're going to have to move there for the fall semester. AURORA has a dark moment, then mutters to hersel<.
43) 0) text: The U-Haul is filled and attached to the rear of the HORTON'S car. Stacks of books and records as always. PATSY'S car and AURORA'S Cadillac are in evidence as are the two women and ROSIE. FLAP holds TOMMY by the hand as they look with curiosity at the women doing their leave-taking. AURORA is waiting with growing impatience for ROSIE to finish hugging and kissing EMMA goodbye. Just as they seem to have finished their last squeeze, one of them gets the need for just one mere; it’s almost an informal reception line with the reception growing colder as they move from EMMA to TOMMY to his father. ROSIE and EMMA are locked in still another embrace.
43) 3) dialog: Okay. And make Momma drive you home when you work late. Have some fun sometimes, too. PATSY steps up to EMMA and they embrace.
43) 10) dialog: I sure dic. They hus. ROSIE kisses TOMMY who tries to avoid the kiss. She grabs his heaé in both her hands and gives him one on the mouth.
43) 15) dialog: (teasing) Don't act brave. I know you're going to go to pieces without me to nag.
43) 19) dialog: (grinning) You had to get one in. (CONTINUED)
43) 29) dialog: Do me a favor. Look in on my mother once in a while.
43) 33) dialog: No. You interest her.
43) 35) dialog: Me, too. They kiss through the open window.
43) 37) dialog: _ (wanting a last, long look) Okay. But go slow. FLAP hits the accelerator, burning rubber. They move quickly out of sight.
45) 0) text: EMMA looking for the right radio station, FLAP
45) 9) dialog: You don't know how lucky you are. Everybody wants to go to Des Moines. People come from all over the world to get one look at Des Moines before they die. Some people think it's the best city in Iowa. FLAP grins at her.
45) 11) dialog: Stop worrying. We're going to see terrific new things. As she turns back, her eye is caught by something out the window.
45) 14) dialog: Well, look at me.
48) 0) text: We are looking through bug splattered glass--the wind- shield of the HORTON'S car, the bug bodies so prominent that they lend irony to EMMA'S first comment on her new home.
48) 1) dialog: It locks pretty.
49) 0) text: The house is simple, close set on either side by very gimilar homes. FLAP begins toting the many boxes inside while EMMA struggles to manage TOoMMY'S absolutely dead weight out of the rear seat of their two-door car. Finall she gets him on her shoulder and moves on wobbly legs towards the front door of her new home while her husband carries in two stacks of books. There is in her a growing excitement. This far away from her mother, there comes a vague feeling of extra power, a kind of maturity. (CONTINUED)
49) 2) dialog: God, I'm exhausted.
49) 4) dialog: (turning to him; she's tickled) Even after all that driving. (a few kisses then) It's great that Tommy's room is all the way in the back, and we can get ‘ noisy when we want to.
49) 6) dialog: (swatting him) Fonestly...how about you? (imitating him, she shouts) Oh my God--here I go again. Yes! Yes! Yes!
49) 8) dialog: (surprised, shy) You know your voice just made me wet. (suspicious) How come you know how to make your voice like that all of a sudden? {sudden flash) You know we can't hear Tommy either. I'll check him. She gets out of bed. He scowls at her. Before he can say a critical word...
49) 9) dialog: (continuing) - I'll just be a second. Don’t get pissy. 80 81 82
49) 10) dialog: As she moves through the house made maze-like by cartons and boxes. She stops at TOMMY'S door, then deliberately catches herself and stops herself from entering. As she walks back to her own room. r DISSOLVE TO:
50) 0) text: EMMA in bed pulling her dressed husband's arm. Even though they each have conflicting priorities at this moment, this is more fun than argument. The reason they are whispering is apparent in the back¢round where we see EMMA'S old crib holding her baby, TEDDY.
50) 2) dialog: (releasing him) Only during the real pregnant months. Forget it. Just do me a favor. Don't make me feel silly and I won't make you feel guilty.
51) 5) dialog: (gleeful) I absolutely love that you came back. I absolutely love it, you have no idea. I feel like you've saved our lives. (to Tommy) We'll have breakfast in a minute, honey. The bedroom door closes behind them. TOMMY walks to the door and outside.
52) 17) dialog: I'm sorzsy we had a fight but it's over now. TOMMY nods. (CONTINUEL)
52) 20) dialog: (continuing) I told you to wait out front though. Why'd you go down here? Answer me, Tommy.
52) 22) dialog: Okay. We'll let you say one really mean thing to your mother each year. So that'll do till you're eleven.
52) 24) dialog: Don't make me hit you on the street. They walk to the car.
53) 0) text: EMMA pushing a full basket, her sons in tow. She pauses at the frozen food bin.
53) 1) dialog: (to Teddy) You have never eaten Texas style gumbo.
53) 3) dialog: Why not? It's a good time for a treat. She takes some frozen shrimp, reacts to the high price, and drops it in her basket.
53) 10) dialog: (to girl) I have thirty-eight dollars and forty cents. I guess I'll have to leave some things here. The girl rolls her eyes. =MMA surveys what she's bought. As she does, the girl addresses her colleague at the next counter.
53) 12) dialog: (to sons) There's nothing wrong with this. I just took the wrong purse. She hands back the TV Guide. The girl deducts 25 cents.
53) 18) dialog: r'm not giving back real food.
53) 20) dialog: No way. EMMA hands back the candy bars. She has just taken candy from her baby.
53) 25) dialog: (to girl) Will you please stop being so goc- damned nasty? That's not going to make this any easier. We're both people, you know.
53) 29) text: Mrs. Horton. SAM BURNS, a man in his early 50's, stands there, 90 a bottle of ginger ale sticking out of the paper bag he carried under his arm, with a great desire to rescue EMMA from embarrassment. It's not the sort of thing he does well.
53) 31) dialog: Qf course. I knew who you were.
53) 33) dialog: Sure. I'll get it back to you tomorrow. Thanks. He starts to hand the girl some money. There is the merest of hints that he may have had a few drinks.
54) 1) dialog: It was starting to feel like the worst time I ever had. I wouldn't have thought it was possible to get cheered up so fast. I'm grateful.
54) 4) dialog: Just give us a second. Wait over by the car, honey. (Tommy starts to speak) Wait over by the car, honey. (He starts to speak acain) (Emma loudly) Wait over by the car, honey. (He opens his mouth; Emma ups her volume) Wait over by the car, honey!!! (Before he can speak, Emma goes full out to assert her will) Over by the car. Over by the car. Now! Now! Now! Throughout this confrontation TEDDY has been trying 92 to cet TOMMY moving and now he finally does. SAM smiling after them.
54) 8) dialog: I think all three of us are going through a stage... (a beat then) : Hey. Thanks again.
54) 10) dialog: Me too. They seem to have just had a retroactive date. There is enormous reluctance to draw apart before confirming the contact.
54) 11) dialog: I'll get the money back to you.
54) 15) dialog: Maybe I'll just come in sometime.
57) 1) dialog: Tommy, Teddy, move it. I have no time to fool with you.
58) 1) dialog: (anxiously) Hello...Oh, hi, Mother. Could we talk later? I've got the boys to get off. It's not a good time for me to be on the phone.
59) 3) dialog: Nothing.
59) 5) dialog: (sudééenly) Okay, Mother. I'd like you to loan me some money. JI really and truly need it. Will you? A beat.
59) 10) dialog: (softening) Thinking what?
59) 12) dialog: I wouldn't ask if...well, don't yell, but I really think I may be pregnant again.
59) 14) dialog: Yes, of course. What's happening to you, anyway?
59) 16) dialog: I don't know why I tell you anything. I seem to like you less and less.
59) 18) dialog: Leave me alone. (then mad) I need money. Why not just give me my painting to sell? You always promised me the Klee. (CONTINUED)
59) 24) dialog: (beaten) Mom, let's not do this. I'll speak to you later.
59) 27) dialog: Call me tonight if you want... Goodbye... up as FLAP enters--unshaven. 98 to him, studies him. He is scared. She his fear.
59) 31) dialog: Okay. FLAP walks to her, pats her belly, trying to avoid her ga EMMA . (low) I'm on to you. .
59) 34) dialog: You are too.
59) 36) dialog: Don't change the subject.
59) 38) dialog: (ominous) That I'm on to you. at each other.
59) 39) dialog: You wouldn’t try to look so innocent unless you were guilty.
59) 41) dialog: (quietly to him) If you are doing something and you're trying to make me feel like I'm crazy because I am bearing our child, then you may have just sunk to a point so low you may never recover. You may have just panicked, Flap, and trying to save yourself, you have thrown out your character and principles. The only way you can possibly redeem yourself and be the man God intended you to be is to take the responsibility and admit anything that you may have been doing tonight. If you don't do that nowe-right now--you are a lost man. a shell, a bag of shit dust. FLAP is uncertain. EMMA'S gaze is unwavering, then the phone RINGS. FLAP grabs it. (CONTINUED)
64) 0) text: As ROSIE enters. She hears some noise from the kitchen. AURORA is in a slip talking on the phone to EMMA. The breakfast table is covered with make-up items anc a mirror has been set up. She is almost wildly energetic, perhaps even happy.
65) 5) dialog: How are you? Nice to see you.
65) 9) dialog: (touched) You too. In an attempt to seal this romantic juncture, SAM BURNS Yooks away and pats her on the back. They move towards the restaurant.
68) 0) text: The lights are brighter than the restaurant we just left. This place is not designed for leisurely dining or mid-day rendezvous. It is fast-order functional, kids with ketchup on their faces, but there is a knotty pine bar in the back which is where we find SAM BURNS and EMMA. They are holding hands in the shy manner of decent people preparing for mortal sin. SAM is being overwhelmed by both his good fortune and inner guilt. He is between a rock and a soft place.
68) 2) dialog: Don't be so scared. Contemplating sin is all we've done.
68) 5) dialog: After all these lunches...all this hand holding.
68) 7) dialog: I have to pick up the kids at five.
68) 9) dialog: (touched/amusec) You're not badgering.
68) 11) dialog: How come?
68) 13) dialog: (puzzled then) I hope you don't mind my asking this. Well, have you ever thought of her getting on top?
68) 15) dialog: She might surprise you. (CONTINUED)
68) 18) dialog: Did you ever ask her?
69) 0) text: As EMMA gets out of her side of the car and moves up the walk, then waits. SAM finally getting out from behind the steering wheel and walking towards her.
69) 2) dialog: I was a little.
69) 4) dialog: No, stop it, Sam. I want to do this. I'm glad I don't know for sure whether or not Flap's Seen with somebody else. I'd hate tc worry whether I was just doing this to get even.
70) 20) dialog: (grinning) You look so nice and happy.
70) 23) dialog: (anconvinciag) No, it's okay.
70) 27) dialog: —_ Sam, we're out here where even I don't know where. Who's going to see us?
70) 30) dialog: Give me a kiss. They kiss. EMMA hugs him, her face pressed against his co
70) 31) dialog: It felt so good being with you.
71) 0) text: As EMMA and SAM exit the house and walk towards the car, arm in arm.
72) 0) text: EMMA is warming formula in the kitchen. We can see the boys through the doorway leading to the living room when the telephone rings.
72) 2) dialog: Ask who it is.
72) 4) dialog: Tommy, feed this to Melanie. Ee enters.
72) 7) dialog: (continuing) Give this to Melanie. (louder before he can squawk) Tommy, give this to Melanie. (still louder before he can squawk) Tommy, give this to Melanie. (CONTINUED)
73) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello? I can hardly hear you.
74) 2) dialog: But I can't hear you either.
74) 5) dialog: No, I am definitely in the market for sweet talk. TEDDY starts knocking on the bathroom door.
74) 7) dialog: Just a second. She opens the door. TEDDY enters and starts to pee while looking over at his mother. (CONTINUED)
74) 10) dialog: (to Teddy) Ssh. Ssh. He looks confused as to how to make pissing quieter. Then, seeing she means it, he aims for the side of the bowl. From the muted sound, we know he has succeeded.
74) 11) dialog: (into phone, continuing) What were you saying?
74) 13) dialog: I'm sure glad you told me. TEDDY reaches to flush. EMMA gestures him away, 125 fearful the noise of the flush will break the mood.
74) 16) dialog: Yes. EMMA picks up the phone asain.
74) 17) dialog: Sam?
74) 19) dialog: Yes.
74) 26) dialog: It's okay, Sam, she always does that when the line's busy.
74) 29) dialog: Speak to you later. She hanes up and the phone rincs immediately.
74) 30) dialog: Hi. How'd it go?
75) 2) dialog: (pleased) Talk about your match made in heaven.
75) 6) dialog: Aw, why?
75) 8) dialog: Is it because you won't go to bed with him?
75) 10) dialog: Well, it's hardly a first date, Mom... He's been living 10 feet away for 20 years. I mean why don't you at least talk about the real reason?
75) 12) dialog: That it's been about that long since you've done it.
75) 14) dialog: Oh, come on.
75) 16) dialog: It's just us.
75) 18) dialog: (giving in) Okay. There is an uncomfortable silence. EMMA, taking the 127 phone and re-entering the living room. TOMMY is on the sofa reading. TEDDY is holding MELANIE HORTON. She is an extraordinary beauty. Her looks commané tribute. She is a living aesthetic.
75) 19) dialog: You want to say hi to the kids? (CONTINTED)
75) 23) dialog: . Okay. Sorry I upset you. So long. She hangs up. AURORA stands there in the middle of the room. She walks to her window and opens it...
76) 0) text: EMMA and FLAP asleep, her arm over his chest. TOMMY and TEDDY enter. TEDDY begins to move towards his mother's side of the bed to wake her. TOMMY restrains him and leads the way to FLAP. In the b.g. now that the door is open, we hear a fierce, barking cough. (CONTINUED)
76) 7) dialog: You coming? FLAP gets out of bed.
77) 0) text: Which has been turned into a nursery. As EMMA turns the lights on and hears MELANIE'S seal-like couch and notes the baby's limbs are geing.
77) 1) dialog: I need a thermometer. FLAP, standing in the doorway, starts to think about where the thermometer might be. TEDDY dashes to a drawer, tearing at things inside.
77) 2) dialog: (to Teddy) Den't get frantic. He brings the thermometer. TOMMY, an old hané, gives her a nearby bottle of Vaseline. . (CONTINUED)
77) 5) dialog: Teddy, she doesn't even feel that hot. You go ahead to bec.
77) 7) dialog: Please. I'll come in scon...
77) 9) dialog: I’m sure it's the croup. (on Flap's expression) Remember Tommy had it twice... (on Flap's expression) ...a throat infection and we had to steam him... (on Flap's expression) .~..Maybe you were at the library.
78) 0) text: EMMA sitting on the toilet seat, MELANIE in her lap, gorgeous even in sickness. FLAP turns on the hot water full blast as the steam begins to gather.
78) 2) dialog: What are you going to do-- go back to sleep?
78) 6) dialog: Until her throat clears or I lose four pounds, whichever comes first. About twenty minutes. I don't . know. We'll see how she sounds... FLAP leans against the sink...
78) 8) dialog: Why didn't you say something?
78) 10) dialog: Where is that?
78) 12) dialog: I want to stay here.
78) 14) dialog: The kids, school, the housing thing, the baby, the cars, pediatricians, the kids...I just want to stay here.
79) 0) text: The boys going off to school. EMMA, not having slept all night, kettles boiling on the stove to provide some mist for MELANIE, whose cough sounds better. EMMA picks up the phone.
80) 6) dialog: What do you mean if it's important?
80) 8) dialog: You Gon't know the night I had. AURORA smiles a bit, wondering whether to confide her own night.
80) 9) dialog: (continuing) Melanie has the croup. Naturally it happened about two a.m. I still haven't been to sleep and I don't know whether he means it or not, but Flap's talking about moving us to this small college in Nebraska. And I tell you, Mom, I think Sam's become someone I...well, that I at least need a little, you know?
80) 14) dialog: Are you really?
80) 16) dialog: (boldly) How was it?
80) 18) dialog: Okay, I'll let you go. So leng. I feel so good for you. EMMA hangs up. Her spirits buoyed. She checks out her baby daughter, sees that she’s looking better, says some words of encouragement, i.e., "Well, we're bouncing right back, huh, Melanie?" Turns off the kettles, wipes away some perspiration and resumes her own day.
88) 0) text: It is sunny, warmth returning. Iowa cornfields in the near distance. EMMA is driving SAM this time as her old station wagon moves along the lengthy dirt road to this empty farm house and barn. The car stops, SAM BURNS opening the door for EMMA. As they move around to the back of the wagon and tug at an old child's mattress of EMMA'S which they have packed for love making.
88) 1) dialog: It's so strange not having her call. - You sort of get into the habit of the phone ringing at 8:00 A.M. sharp. It's almost as if the things happening to me now aren't official because she hasn't given me the business over them yet. (CONTINUED)
89) 0) text: EMMA looking inside, then up at the hay loft. SAM comes up behind her. She locks at hin, he grins, puts down the mattress and they both move up to the loft.
89) 2) dialog: I just love it when I get to do something I always wanted to and never figured to. As he takes a radio from his briefcase and hanger with pants-holder. EMMA has becun to undress.
89) 4) dialog: I've just got to grab your ears when you say things like that. She grabs his ears holding his blushing face.
89) 6) dialog: Because you're so cute. SAM laughs heartily. 149 OTHER ANGLE, leoking up to the loft 149 The radio playing some music. SAM'S suit and shirt and ties neatly hung from the rafter.
92) 0) text: EMMA walking and searching near the English building of FLAP'S college. She stops. FLAP, his back to her and us, but we recognize the winter jacket. He is talking with what appears to be intimacy to a tall, attractive woman in her late 20's, a colleague. They are under a street light. The girl has her hand up to PLAP'S face. They are clearly lovers. Her name is JANICE. EMMA i54 Her suspicions confirmed. The truth jolts her and turns her mean. She advances on the couple with the stealth of Indians and wronged, plump women.
92) 5) dialog: ...ineredible asshole. She turns away. He reacts. (CONTINUED)
92) 11) dialog: Fleeing but listening.
92) 14) dialog: As she rounds a corner, breathing hard, she sneaks a Little look back at her husband and child. She slows, looks again, stops and faces FLAP.
92) 15) dialog: Stop jiggling her. She's going to throw up! FLAP slows to a walk, catches his breath. EMMA walks quickly and ignores FLAP while checking out the baby strapped to his body.
92) 21) dialog: Give me the baby! She starts yanking at the pouch straps.
92) 24) dialog: I know what you did and why. You did it to forget you're a failure.
92) 26) dialog: (pointing baby at hersel‘) That's me talking!
92) 28) dialog: (almost friendly) You're lucky I'm going off. I'd sure make your life heli if I stayed around right now. With that she walks off and FLAP wisely lets her go.
93) 0) text: EMMA driving, the baby in a car seat, the boys in back wearing seat belts, and the junk attendant to traveling with three kids scattered about them. =MMA is wearing her old, faded "U. of T." tee-shirt.
93) 1) dialog: That's the middle of the country. (CONTINUED)
95) 13) dialog: (calling)
95) 15) dialog: (calling) Oh, sure. (trying to help her It's very good to see ycu, GARRETT waves. He would like not to Your mother's been looking to this. Hi.
95) 25) dialog: (ironically) Hello.
95) 27) dialog: She loved the drive.
95) 30) dialog: I keep thinking she looks a littie like you.
96) 0) text: Where a rollaway has been added to EMMA'S old bed. TOMMY and TEDDY are in bed, AURORA and EMMA alternating tucking and kissing. They turn the light out and then stand together framed in the doorway saying their goodnights.
97) 1) dialog: Yau know, you just look wonderful.
97) 5) dialog: How's it with you and the astronaut?
97) 12) dialog: (touched) Maybe not. Why do you think that?
98) 0) text: Top River Oaks stuff this house. The back yard is lush and deep. It has a swimming pool with a 12~-foot slide and decking and a rather substantial tree house. PATSY, some seven years older than when we last saw her, is sitting next to EMMA in a cushy chaise lounge, holding and marveling over MELANIE while, in the back- ground, TOMMY and TEDDY are having a terrific time swimming with PATSY'S daughter, MEG, who is just between the two boys in size and age. TOMMY is notably more animated and joyous than we've seen him. PATSY is still a knockout, though no longer a natural one. EMMA watches with pleasure as her blonde friend cudéles her blonde daughter.
98) 1) dialog: You look more like her mother: than I do. 175 MEG runs up to PATSY, shivering from swimming. EMMA 1 grabs a towel for her.
98) 9) dialog: I always promise to make it for them but you just can't get the fish back home. As the two women continue towards the house, PATSY carrying MELANIE.
98) 10) dialog: Do you miss Los Angeles? Was it great to be there?
99) 2) dialog: I haven't noticed that.
99) 4) dialog: That does sound good. I do that with Sam and he gets such a kick out of it. The phone rings, PATSY answers it.
99) 9) dialog: (coldly into phone) Hello. Pine. They're fine. She's fine. I've told everybody in Houston that you're terrible and nobody wants to see you again. Oh, don't worry. I'm half-kidding. What's up? Feeling contrite? EMMA'S expression darkens. She is shaken. She wipes
99) 10) dialog: I can't believe you did that to us. some sudden tears from her eyes. PATSY moves closer, questioning. She hangs
99) 11) dialog: {continuing) I think you're spiteful, Flap, and I don't know when in hell that happened to you. Goodbye. up.
99) 12) dialog: He accepted the job in Kearney, Nebraska. So we have to go on back and move by next week.
99) 14) dialog: (gathering her thoughts). Me neither. Honestly! 106. 177 EXT. AURORA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 177— The station wagon packed, the kids saying their last goodbyes solemnly entering the car. ROSIE handing them packages of food for the trip. EMMA and AURORA kiss on the cheek, ROSIE hugs EMMA.
99) 41) dialog: She sure remembers her daddy.
99) 43) dialog: (ironically) Yes, I thought being uprooted with my children without my consent was at least worth a pout. She walks towards the house, loaded down.
100) 0) text: The setting for their first nervous meeting. We see EMMA'S car arrive at the spot next to SAM'S car, the area illuminated by the coffee shop and adjacent stores. SAM gets out of the car. de looks at EMMA sitting behind the wheel. She's a little jumpy about (CONTINUED)
100) 3) dialog: Don't cry, Sam.
100) 6) dialog: Oh, my.
100) 8) dialog: Oh, you are not.
101) 0) text: A campus which would consider "functional" a compliment. EMMA is walking with MELANIE, now aged two, toddling alongside wearing her best dress. They turn into ene of the older buildings, the English department.
102) 3) dialog: She wanted her daddy to see her dressed up for the doctor.
103) 3) dialog: (calling) Don't make me run after you. The young woman turns, the same young woman EMMA caught FLAP with in Des Moines, JANICE. EMMA looks at her, now certain who she is.
103) 4) dialog: How long have you been here or are you the reason we moved to Nebraska?
103) 6) dialog: Well, if he wants to talk, just tell him his wife and his baby will be at the doctor's getting their flu shots.
104) 1) dialog: Come on, Melanie. It's all over. If it makes you feel better, I have to get a shot now myself. MELANIE calms and smiles. The doctor swabs her arm and then begins moving it, looking underneath. EMMA indicates a box of lollypops.
104) 2) dialog: (to doctor) Can I give Melanie one of these? The dector nods and continues to examine her. Then stops, his attention focuses on her arm. EMMA leans to give the lollypop to MELANIE. (CONTINUED)
104) 5) dialog: If my husband calls, they'll let us know, won't they?
104) 7) dialog: I don't know. Melanie, stop kicking that cabinet. MELANIE gives the metal file cabinet one more little kick, then stops.
104) 9) dialog: Goodness. Do I have to be scared?
104) 12) dialog: That's richt. The doctor hands her one. She unwraps it and puts it in her mouth.
106) 0) text: EMMA in the booth with MELANIE.
106) 1) dialog: He says he could almost do the operation in his office but I'll go in overnight.
106) 3) dialog: Sure. So I shouldn't worry, right?
106) 5) dialog: Okay, thanks. Oh, say hi to Melanie. She hands MELANIE the phone.
107) 1) dialog: What's her name?
107) 3) dialog: I told you. The scariest thing was that he wanted to do it so fast. Janice--straight hair. (imitating Janice) ®I can't say anything until he does." I'm going to get myself one of Patsy's Jews if you don't watch out.
107) 5) dialog: (scolding) I'm not going to make you feel better, Flap. I'm just too mad. 191 192 193 194
110) 1) text: No. Then Emma hasn't called you either?
112) 0) text: EMMA lying there, playing with her hair, looking at THE WALTONS. DR. BUDGE enters. He sits on the bed. For the merest beat EMMA avoids dealing with him, then looks his way.
117) 1) dialog: What's wrong now? PATSY and AURORA smile with some sincerity at their ransparency.
117) 3) dialog: Unless it spreads more. But I tell you I don't feel sick. (CONTINUED)
117) 7) dialog: Well, we'll see. You have to read the kidas' letters. Teddy says he can't sleep but Melanie can. Tommy says he doesn't think there's any~ thing to be “really concerned about".
117) 10) dialog: I'm not like one of those kids they take to see Disneyland before the end, am I?
119) 0) text: PATSY in the back seat with EMMA, who looks strange in this setting.
119) 2) text: New York City lit up. 204 oN EMMA , 204 Delighted.
119) 3) dialog: I can't believe I'm here. 205 206 120.
120) 0) text: PATSY and EMMA and three other women in their late 20's or early 30's are being seated at a large round table. The East River traffic just a few feet away, the Brooklyn Bridge overhead, the city beyond, a piano player at work on the atmosphere. There isn't a Welsh coal miner who wouldn't instantly guess which of the five women was the rube. EMMA is out of her element, but there is enough inner security to make her only vaguely uncomfortable in the midst of these well-groomed, seemingly-sure-of-themselves contemporaries.
120) 3) dialog: Isn't that what I said?
120) 5) dialog: Two names-~Liz Beth?
120) 8) dialog: Thank heavens. She gets a nice littie laugh.
120) 12) dialog: : (to Lizbeth) - I love the uniform their school gives them.
120) 15) dialog: Patsy and her...have a real thing... (thinking then) Well, with the boys too. PATSY nods calmly.
120) 17) dialog: I've never really worked. A half-beat cof silent, shocked reaction.
120) 19) dialog: Thanks. EMMA starts to eat her dessert and then feels all eves on her. She stops a spoonful of the stuff and sees her diet-conscious table mates looking on ravenously.
120) 20) dialog: Anybody want some? They all say “no”. 207 208 122.
121) 1) dialog: Ks she approaches the taxi uncertain with the three of.them staring at her.
121) 2) dialog: What's wrong?
121) 8) dialog: You just told them, huh?
121) 10) dialog: No, of course not. 209 She walks to the water's edge. EMMA starts to cry. 209 This young Texas woman, this midlander, standing on an alien coast simack in front of one of the world's sophisticated cities, feeling sorry for herself for the first time.- She walks
121) 12) dialog: Oh, it's not you, Patsy. I like people knowing. I mean why not? But, oh, I'm getting tired all the time and sometimes I get pains in different places... (now agitated) And why do your husband and those women have to walk on eggs like that when they know? EMMA is getting mad.
121) 13) dialog: Can you just tell them it's okay to talk about cancer? I mean it's not so terrible. In less than two hours they were saying how two of them had had abortions and three of them had been divorceaé and how one of them hasn't spoken to her mother in four years and how one of them has her “little Natalie” at boarding school because she has to travel for her job-- well, hell, Patsy--hell!! If that's okay to talk about... (suddenly remembering) Oh, and there was the one with the yeast disease that was afraid it was vacinal herpes at first...If all that's fit conversation for lunch and everyone is still thought to be perfectly all right, then what is so God awful unspeakable about my little tumors?
122) 4) dialog: No. I think that's only if you're having chemotherapy.
122) 6) dialog: Sick, you mean?
122) 8) dialog: Not really. But I liked that you sit forward in your chair like you're very interested in what people are saying but it's really so your feet will touch the floor. It's sweet. (CONTINUED)
122) 12) dialog: It is okay.
122) 14) dialog: What kind did he have?
122) 17) dialog: I'm sorry. I have to go back very scon and Patsy has a lot planned-- Broadway shows and things--and I'm married and have three kids--and there is the cancer.
122) 19) dialog: Excuse me. She walks in. PATSY is standing with her husband.
122) 21) dialog: . (polite) Maybe in a bit. 126.
123) 0) text: MEG, PATSY'S daughter, is sitting up in bed reading. EMMA walks in.
123) 1) dialog: How you doing?
123) 5) dialog: Mec?
123) 7) dialog: From your point of view, having lived in three or four places, how is it being in New York?
123) 9) dialog: Not if you like nature.
123) 11) dialog: And you have fun here as a kid and all? (CONTINUED)
123) 15) dialog: (inte phone) Hi, Mom... (listens) Well, you know how Tommy is. 127. Look, they're having this party for me so I can't talk long but I'm thinking of coming back a couple of days early.
125) 0) text: EMMA and her mother enter carrying a little suitcase containing personal toiletries, a radio, etc. a few years younger than EMMA is in one of the room's two beds. Even in bed, with the covers up, she seems a bit too big and gawky. Her name is MELBA.
125) 2) dialog: Hi. AURORA nods.
125) 4) text: Uh-huh. My name's Emma.
129) 0) text: AURORA, dressed colorfully, is supervising the two men hancing AURORA'S Renoir and Klee. She also squeezes her armpit periodically. EMMA is in bed. She is genuinely cheered by the additions.
129) 1) dialog: (leoking at paintings) I can't believe you did this.
129) 3) dialog: (sotto) You treat them like that, they're going to start pissing in my soup to get even.
132) 0) text: EMMA lying in bed, the doctor sitting at her bedside. EMMA looking intelligent and relaxed despite the doctor's words. His manner is not the least bit emotional. A professional rendering facts.
132) 5) dialog: No. She looks off, lost in the fact that she will not survive her illness. The doctor hesitates, not sure she's gotten the message. She senses this.
132) 6) dialog: (continuing) I know what you're saying. I've got to decide what to do with the kids.
138) 0) text: ROSIE and MELANIE visiting. EMMA is caressing MELANIE'S long, thick, blonde hair. ROSIE, awkward, out of her element, and still trying to postpone fully dealing with EMMA'S condition.
138) 1) dialog: God, how I miss washing this mane of hers. Wherever did she get it from?
138) 4) dialog: Who told you?
138) 6) dialog: Teddy told you, the blabbermouth. ROSIE cets up and walks towards the exit. As she does so she hears EMMA say to MELANIE.
138) 7) dialog: You love your Aunt Patsy? MELANIE. Yes. 234 235 236 135.
139) 0) text: As ROSIE steps into the corridor. She stands for a moment, then BEARS EMMA and MELANIE singing a song together and begins to cry.
140) 16) dialog: Oh, everything isn't always about you. I have a lot to figure out.
140) 18) dialog: (honestly) What do you mean? When do we fight?
140) 20) dialog: No, that's just from your end, because you're never satisfied with me. AURORA looks at her. EMMA goes back to mulling. 137.
142) 0) text: FLAP is seated beside her bed. EMMA w From what the doctor says, I think we have to have... (ruefully) +e. "the talk” now. FLAP looks at her, then away. Some quality he doesn't have may be expected of him. But now he turns back and nolds her gaze.
142) 2) dialog: Yes.
142) 4) dialog: . (encouraging) What?
142) 8) dialog: You didn't fail me.
142) 10) dialog: You weren't any more terrible than me...
142) 12) dialog: Oh, let's not do this. We had our problems, Flap, but it wasn't over whether we loved each other... Oh, look, I didn't even notice... (she fingers his tie, moved by the gesture he made in wearing it) Honestly. Oh, gosh. And it was really buried away. I know the mess it must have been for you finding it. There is a strange but uncommonly easy intimacy. between them. As they relax, this visit becins to have some of the elements of a good time.
142) 14) dialog: I'll bet.
142) 16) dialog: (a beat then) I feel so sorry for you. What are you going to do?
142) 21) dialog: I'm so glad we're talking. I just am. It just means so much to me that we can still feel like this--so much. Honest. Wow. Thank heavens.
142) 23) dialog: Listen, I am getting tired. Just tell me, hon, do you really want to raise them? He looks down, thinks, then at her. He thinks. She takes
142) 25) dialog: I don't think you want that much work. You have no idea what it takes. As hard as you think it is, you'd end up wishing it were that easy.
142) 26) dialog: Patsy and Momma can afford help. That makes a very big difference.
142) 28) dialog: I don't want them living with Janice.
142) 30) dialog: Oh, yes she is--for my kids she is. his hand.
142) 31) dialog: (continuing) I think they'd better not stay with you, honey. (CONTINUED)
142) 35) dialog: . Yes, you will.
142) 37) dialog: No. Patsy only really cares about Melanie. I want them with Mother. I'll make sure she lets you see them and have them and help decide things fer them. FLAP sighs.
142) 39) dialog: Bring the boys to see me tomorrow, will you? That one's been waitine there for me. It's time I did it.
143) 0) text: PATSY is putting some make-up on EMMA, getting her spruced up for her boys.
143) 2) dialog: I'd let you. But Teddy can't spare her. PATSY pauses. She always adores the way EMMA thinks. She is heavy~hearted but is working asainst the emotion, trying to supply energy to her friend's hospital room.
143) 6) dialog: Keep an eye on Teddy, though. Okay? He's going to take this so damn personally. Tommy's been trying not to need me for years but Teddy's going to be so scared without me. Téars come. PATSY dries them, does some patch work with the make-up. Then she patches herself.
143) 8) dialog: I wasn't so innocent.
143) 10) dialog: T’ll make sure she doesn't. Thanks for helping me stall but you'd better send them in.
143) 12) dialog: Oh, we don't have to... PATSY starts for the'door, turns.
143) 14) dialog: Hi, boys. 145.
143) 16) text: I love you and I miss you. And, oh God, I want you to come home. He lifts his head and takes seme breaths; EMMA pets him, looks almost a bit stern at TOMMY and gestures him to come closer.
143) 18) dialog: You both look so gigantic to me. And I must look pretty bad to you. TEDDY is so shocked with her appearance he can't answer, just look embarrassed. TOMMY shows a small measure of grace.
143) 20) dialog: Strangely she feels deep appreciation for TOMMY'S words.
143) 23) dialog: Just keep the hair out of your eyes.
143) 25) dialog: Uh-uh.
143) 29) dialog: (continuing) «e-I'm sorry about this. But I can't help it. And I can't talk to you too much longer or else I'll start to get real upset. But we had lots of years and we did a lot of talking-- and some people don't get that... Listen, I want you to make a lot of friends. And don't be afraid of girls--they're going to be so much help to you, I swear.
143) 31) dialog: Well, you micht be later on.
143) 35) dialog: Shhh. Come on. Teddy? Give me a kiss. They kiss on the lips. TEDDY kisses her a few extra times and so does she. She does the last extra kisses in a way which makes him smile. She gestures to TOMMY who kisses her cheek cuickly. He is tortured and somehow being stiff and foul is simpler for him right now.
143) 36) dialog: Tommy, be sweet. Be sweet, please. Don't keep pretending you dislike me. That's silly.
143) 40) dialog: Then will you listen to me especially hard?
143) 42) dialog: You'll listen close?
143) 44) dialog: (petting his arm) I know that you like me. I know it. But for the last year or two you've been pretending you hate me. I love you a let, as much as I love anybody, as much as I love myself. And in a few years when I haven't been around to be on your tail about something or irritating you, you're going to remember my buying your baseball glove when you thought we were too broke, and how I read you these stories and let you goof off instead of mowing the lawn... lots of things. You're soins to realize you loved me. And maybe you're going to feel badly because you never told me. Don't. Because I already know you love me. So you must not ever do that to voursels. Okay? TOMMY pauses. His brother looking at him with hope and urging that he says "I love you". He doesn't.
143) 46) dialog: Good. You'd both better run alone now. Take care. I was scared of this, but I think it went really well, don't you? The boys nod.
146) 0) text: One light on. FLAP dozing in a chair. AURORA seated across the room, looking at EMMA, who is on even more life support systems, and now EMMA looks back. Her mother smiles at her with quiet and mystic reassurance-- their final communication. EMMA turns; AURORA looks out the window. The door opens, a nurse enters. She ehecks EMMA. This is the same nurse who had the run-in with AURORA. She's a bit reluctant to approach her. She touches FLAP, who awakens.
147) 0) text: As the last of the three limousines return from EMMA'S funeral.
149) 0) text: GARRETT, VERNON, the BANKER, the DOCTOR, TOMMY, TEDDY, MELANIE, FLAP, PATSY'S husband, MEG, CECIL HORTON and SAM BURNS, off by himsels, lost until PATSY comes up and begins to tell him how much EMMA cared about him. The casual, mournful, unstructured conversation of our characters, as they drink, eat and talk about EMMA and inevitably about her mother as well. This to continue as we finally... FADE OUT.