11) 2) text: Mary Martin. You're crazy if you smoke these in a car, Patsy. The Texas troopers have gone crazy. Flap knows this one fella in the English department where a trooper was following him so he swallowed his grass--so they scraped his tongue and used that as evidence. He's going to get five years.
15) 0) text: This is a garage apartment in the area around Rice University--poor housing to some--a “find" to graduate students of which FLAP HORTON is one. There are stairs leading up to the door and an area at the top of the stairs with just enough room for a somewhat rusty porch swing. Houston is built on a swamp. It is tropical; the air is extraordinarily sensual and, for EMMA, sitting outside on one of those humid, fragrant summer nichts is part of what being Houstonian is all abeut. So she sits here now with her new husbande, still halt dressed in the clothes they were married in, a bit drunk from champagne, with their belongings inside awaiting the setting up of housekeeping if energy ever strikes. Their clothes are dirty from the porch. They are somewhat sweaty as they eat from a Kentucky Colonel carton. FLAP finishing off some corn-on-the-cob. FLAP is 23 and looks like a nice guy.
15) 3) dialog: You're totally justified to stay clear away from her forever.
15) 6) dialog: (as if to a simpleton) Emma, your mother boycotted your wedding. She hates your husband and she only holds you in medium esteem.
15) 15) dialog: Pausing over the breast, making the noise that's somewhere on the graph between annoying and plain disgusting. His nose wrinkled in concentration as he tries to suck loose another kernel. He finally goes and busies himsel£ once more with EMMA'S breast, then feels her staring down at him.
15) 17) dialog: (embarrassed and pleased with himsel£) Come on, it's not that terrible. He picks at his teeth. A kernel of corn falis to EMMA'S breast as she flicks it away.
17) 0) text: EMMA and FLAP have just finished having sex again. (CONTINUED)
18) 5) dialog: (into phone) Hello, Mrs. Greenway...No, ma'am, I'm not enjoying your predicament.
18) 7) dialog: (overriding her) As a matter of fact, I don't need or desire an apology. All I want is for you to understand and appreciate my position, to respect our marriage and to maybe wait another 15 minutes before you call in the morning. (he grins) Yes, I guess I've said my piece. Okay. I'll put her on. EMMA gives him a big kiss. Takes the phone.
35) 3) dialog: Aw, come on. She hands him a box. He opens the cover and finds a tie. He is annoyed.
35) 4) dialog: How often do I wear a tie?
35) 8) dialog: (disbelief) And buying that tie made you happy?
35) 13) dialog: I'm sorry. I was terrible. Going to your mother's always makes me a little irrational. A car horn sounds from outside. FLAP moves towards the door.
35) 14) dialog: (calling) We're coming, Dad.
35) 16) dialog: Sure.
36) 0) text: As she opens the door to admit the three HORTONS--FLAP, EMMA and FLAP’S father, CECIL. He's wearing a good suit that doesn't look like it belongs on him. AURORA is wearing a long green gown and some silver jewelry. In a series of quick cuts they go through a ritualistic inspection.
36) 7) dialog: Uncomfortable because despite his own considerable independence, he always feels cowed by his mother-in-law.
36) 20) dialog: Don't make fun of him.
38) 0) text: FLAP is feeling faizly wanton as he looks at PATSY. When she becomes aware of this: (CONTINUED)
38) 3) dialog: {to Patsy) Emma says you helped her pick out the tie for me. I really like it. Thanks.
43) 0) text: The U-Haul is filled and attached to the rear of the HORTON'S car. Stacks of books and records as always. PATSY'S car and AURORA'S Cadillac are in evidence as are the two women and ROSIE. FLAP holds TOMMY by the hand as they look with curiosity at the women doing their leave-taking. AURORA is waiting with growing impatience for ROSIE to finish hugging and kissing EMMA goodbye. Just as they seem to have finished their last squeeze, one of them gets the need for just one mere; it’s almost an informal reception line with the reception growing colder as they move from EMMA to TOMMY to his father. ROSIE and EMMA are locked in still another embrace.
43) 13) dialog: Not you too, Patsy.
43) 36) dialog: Can we go now?
45) 0) text: EMMA looking for the right radio station, FLAP
45) 1) dialog: Honey. She looks at him.
45) 2) dialog: I think it's going to be good for us to be away from your-- our families. EMMA nods, edges closer to him. 71 across She 72 driving. (CONTINUED)
49) 0) text: The house is simple, close set on either side by very gimilar homes. FLAP begins toting the many boxes inside while EMMA struggles to manage TOoMMY'S absolutely dead weight out of the rear seat of their two-door car. Finall she gets him on her shoulder and moves on wobbly legs towards the front door of her new home while her husband carries in two stacks of books. There is in her a growing excitement. This far away from her mother, there comes a vague feeling of extra power, a kind of maturity. (CONTINUED)
49) 3) dialog: You ever made love in Iowa?
49) 5) dialog: You get to do that little high pitched squeak of yours.
49) 7) dialog: (sexy, soft) Oh, God, here I go again. Yes--yes--yes.
50) 1) dialog: Sure, we've gone a week.
50) 3) dialog: Fair enough. I have to hurry.
51) 0) text: As FLAP gives his son a kiss on the way out. (CONTINUED)
51) 3) dialog: Be a good boy. TOMMY watches his father leave, then watches his mother enter from the bedroom. She is blowing her nose, having just cried a bit. TOMMY is about to speak then HEARS the noise of his father returning. FLAP takes EMMA by the han
51) 4) dialog: Let's hurry.
59) 28) dialog: What's wrong?
59) 30) dialog: I'm sorry, Ems. I fell asleep on that big sofa at the library again. I don't know what's wrong with me.
59) 32) dialog: I'm not doing anything. (CONTINUED)
59) 35) dialog: I hate seeing you this unhappy. You don't know how much I...
59) 40) dialog: You alwavs get paranoid during your first months. to walk away. She blocks his path.
59) 44) dialog: (happily) Oh, hi--Aurora. How are you? Yes, she's right here. It was nice ? hearing your voice again. He hands her the phone and exits. EMMA looks after him.
76) 0) text: EMMA and FLAP asleep, her arm over his chest. TOMMY and TEDDY enter. TEDDY begins to move towards his mother's side of the bed to wake her. TOMMY restrains him and leads the way to FLAP. In the b.g. now that the door is open, we hear a fierce, barking cough. (CONTINUED)
76) 4) dialog: (a whisper) What's wrong?
76) 6) dialog: The baby's sick. EMMA is sleepily but nonetheless quickly on the move. In the instant before she's awake she has already covered a good deal of floor space and mumbled some comforting words. Now, awake, she turns the lights on at the door, turns to FLAP, sitting in bed.
77) 8) dialog: Come on, boys, it's bad enough we’re making this a drama. It's not going to qualify as high drama. The boys exit.
78) 0) text: EMMA sitting on the toilet seat, MELANIE in her lap, gorgeous even in sickness. FLAP turns on the hot water full blast as the steam begins to gather.
78) 1) dialog: How long do we keep her here?
78) 3) dialog: I just asked how long. (CONTINUED)
78) 7) dialog: I've been offered a job.
78) 9) dialog: I wanted to think about it. It's head of the English department at Kearney State College at about the Same money.
78) 15) dialog: It's head of the department.
92) 0) text: EMMA walking and searching near the English building of FLAP'S college. She stops. FLAP, his back to her and us, but we recognize the winter jacket. He is talking with what appears to be intimacy to a tall, attractive woman in her late 20's, a colleague. They are under a street light. The girl has her hand up to PLAP'S face. They are clearly lovers. Her name is JANICE. EMMA i54 Her suspicions confirmed. The truth jolts her and turns her mean. She advances on the couple with the stealth of Indians and wronged, plump women.
92) 8) dialog: (to Janice) Excuse me.
92) 10) dialog: (calling) Emma--Emma. Goddamn it, you're going to ruin us.
92) 12) dialog: (more calling) You're a spectacle, Emma.
92) 13) dialog: FLAP, a bit over the edge with guilt, shame and fear. MELANIE having the best time she has ever had in her life
92) 16) dialog: Your timing was great. You caught us before we did anything. EMMA looks at him briefly and contemptuously. He has insulted her intelligence. (CONTINUED)
92) 23) dialog: You don't know if I did anything.
92) 25) dialog: That's your mother talking. EMMA, overwrought, now holds MELANIE in both hands and 16 gestures with the infant as if it were her hand.
92) 27) dialog: You don't know what I did with her. (slyly) I don't know what you do when you're out on your afternoon drives. EMMA rolls her eyes as if having heard the most preposterous sentence she has ever suffered.
99) 40) dialog: {conciliatory to Emma) I've been packing for us all week. FLAP kisses MELANIE who reacts with delight.
99) 42) dialog: You going to stay mad?
99) 44) dialog: It's the head of the department.
107) 0) text: FLAP standing there taking in the news.
107) 2) dialog: Janice. What did the doctor say?
107) 4) dialog: But that thing he said about feeling good when it turns out to be nothing. I think that's a good indication, don't you?
110) 0) text: FLAP cooking hamburgers for the kids, sheltering the phone so he has privacy.
110) 3) dialog: I wish I was so carefree.
110) 5) dialog: You always seem to lose your manners around me, Aurora.
141) 19) dialog: As reluctantly and dutifully he folds his book, hefts his tray and walks to AURORA'S table. FLAP is wearing the distinctive tie EMMA bought for him with AURORA'S money years ago.
141) 20) dialog: Hello.
141) 26) dialog: Well?
141) 28) dialog: I haven't talked to the kids yet. I'm not sure how much they realize. They know something bad is happening.
141) 30) dialog: What can you be thinking? I'1l1 raise them. They are mine. AURORA did not expect this. She sips her water. rt dribbles down her chin. Absently, she wipes the water awa
141) 32) dialog: You can't make an argument out of this. She is growing angry and trying not to. She sips some water; it rung down her chin. The problem of getting wate to stay in her mouth is beginning to vie for her attentio
141) 37) dialog: (realizing) That's a...what do you call it?... a dribble glass. You're drinking : from a dribble glass. He looks around along with AURORA. 244 THEIR POV ‘ 244 The kids looking on. AURORA is pissed; FLAP is proud of his brood.
142) 0) text: FLAP is seated beside her bed. EMMA w From what the doctor says, I think we have to have... (ruefully) +e. "the talk” now. FLAP looks at her, then away. Some quality he doesn't have may be expected of him. But now he turns back and nolds her gaze.
142) 1) dialog: (paring his soul) Do you know how much I hate the idea of lesing you?
142) 3) dialog: frustration venting) Nobody seems to know that but you... Ke calms, sits down, starts to speak, almost doesn't.
142) 5) dialog: Oh. Just thinking about my identity and not having one anymore. (bittersweet irony) I mean who am I if I'm not the man who's failing Emma? (CONTINUED)
142) 9) dialog: Let's not talk about this. I feel like I'm sucking after forgiveness-- which I probably am.
142) 11) dialog: Except for the cheating.
142) 13) dialog: The house still isn't in one piece. It was in the last box I looked in.
142) 15) dialog: (loving her) You're so easy to please. I don't know why I couldn't do more of it.
142) 17) dialog: I love teaching English. I'll be all right. (CONTINUED)
142) 22) dialog: (amazed at her) I swear. one of his ears and holds it affectionately.
142) 24) dialog: I never thoucht I was the sort of man who'd give up his kids.
142) 27) dialog: Where do you want them?
142) 29) dialog: (hesitantly) She's not so bac.
142) 34) dialog: I'll really miss them.
142) 36) dialog: Maybe we should let Patsy take them. It would be easy for me to work research summers in New York.
142) 38) dialog: (ruefully) I guess they should be with your mother. I probably have that cominc.
146) 0) text: One light on. FLAP dozing in a chair. AURORA seated across the room, looking at EMMA, who is on even more life support systems, and now EMMA looks back. Her mother smiles at her with quiet and mystic reassurance-- their final communication. EMMA turns; AURORA looks out the window. The door opens, a nurse enters. She ehecks EMMA. This is the same nurse who had the run-in with AURORA. She's a bit reluctant to approach her. She touches FLAP, who awakens.
146) 2) text: 253 254 255 256 CONTINUED: 253. FLAP gets to his feet. He looks at AURORA, who rises.
149) 0) text: GARRETT, VERNON, the BANKER, the DOCTOR, TOMMY, TEDDY, MELANIE, FLAP, PATSY'S husband, MEG, CECIL HORTON and SAM BURNS, off by himsels, lost until PATSY comes up and begins to tell him how much EMMA cared about him. The casual, mournful, unstructured conversation of our characters, as they drink, eat and talk about EMMA and inevitably about her mother as well. This to continue as we finally... FADE OUT.