14) 0) text: A yellow '69 XKE convertible, it's top down, is forced to move slowly behind a beer delivery truck. In the truck are ROSIE and her husband, ROYCE. In the car are GARRETT BREEDLOVE and an 18-year-old girl. GARRETT is a once famous astronaut for the United States of America. He is in his mid 40's and sexy. He's an easygoing over- achiever who truly believes that life can be simple and fun. GARRETT and his date are hung over from a night of carousing.
20) 0) text: An all night party breaking up at GARRETT'S house. A motley group of spent revelers saying goodbye to him at the door. He accepts their embraces while holding a waste basket full of empty liquor bottles in the other hand. Now he restrains one girl, bidding her to stay; she nods acquiescence. She waits for him while he happily goes around to the side of the house-- the driveway adjoining AURORA'S--removes the lid from one of his main garbage cans to empty his container into it. He misses. The bottles crash. He looks at the mess, then does some twinkle-toed broken glass running back to the girl. She laughs.
39) 16) dialog: I'll let you know after I stretch my legs. Ke opens the car door and falls flat on his face. He laughs. DORIS leans out the window. She has obviously had her hands full with him for a good part of the evenin
39) 18) dialog: That's okay. Come inside.
39) 20) dialog: Safety in numbers.
39) 22) dialog: What is there to be afraid of? AURORA has almost forgotten herself and her probiems to take a few steps closer where she stands taking every- thing in.
39) 24) dialog: Well then, Doris, why not come in?
39) 29) dialog: (hopefully addressing other girl) Lee Anne, would you like to come in?
39) 31) dialog: {mumbling a judgement) This wasn't a good time. He tries to pull himself up by grabbing a full garbac can. Instead it tips over. Garbage is on him, he is bleeding considerably, grunting in genuine pain that has sobered him instantly as the heavy metal cans crashed against his head. Now AURORA steps out. He sees her.
39) 32) dialog: Will you give me a hand?
46) 4) dialog: Sorry. I just took a sauna and you can't help yelling when you hit that cold water. 7 She nods and continues putterinc, unnerved by his near presence.
46) 5) dialog: . (continuing) You're not going to ignore me when I speak directly to you?
46) 7) dialog: Hey.
46) 9) dialog: Well, what is your name--Aurora?
46) 11) dialog: You want a shock?
46) 13) dialog: They were going to have this NASA dinner at the White House. Some (MORE) (CONTINUED)
46) 16) dialog: cosmonauts and all of us and I was thinking there was nobody I could take. Because everybody I flew : with, their wives would have given . me bitch bites up and down my back if I showed up with one of my regular girls and I don't know anyone their age. And then I thought, I could ask my next door neighbor. She looks at him with astonishment.
46) 17) dialog: (continuing easily) Then they canceled the evening. But I was really going to ask you out for a minute there. In spite of everything. Isn't that a shocker?
46) 19) dialog: (having fun) What would you have said if I'é asked you--seriously? AURORA--just a bit unnerved--thinks for a beat, then:
46) 21) dialog: So you would have gone. Well, Aurora, I'm the one who ended up shocked.
46) 23) dialog: What the hell? You want to have @inner out sometime? (CONTINUED)
46) 26) dialog: Luneh. Don't ladies like you have lunch a lot? She turns, suspecting she's being teased, ready to be ang 76 AURORA walks to her shoes and picks them up. She 76 wiggles her toes in the grass, looks at the attractive, grinning man.
46) 28) dialog: Yes, I'm playing with you, Aurora. Want to play? Have Lunch. ' She crosses to him, then stopping a few feet away.
46) 30) dialog: Okay, then. We'll try it.
46) 31) text: : But first, let's... , (on his grin) I'm not fooling, first, let's clarify... ’ ' GARRETT gestures to her.
46) 32) dialog: Come here. We're too far apart ' to talk. She moves closer to the fence trying to seem amused and patronizing when she actually feels terrified and 16 years old. (CONTINUED)
46) 35) dialog: (dripping sex) Now, since you've agreed, let's save the rest of it. I know how you feel. There were countdowns when I had second thoughts. But I figured ence you've said you'll do it and they strap you in an@ you're in the hands of something bigger and more powerful than yourself, you might as well look forward to the ride.
62) 6) dialog: At first he doesn't see her, then does.
62) 8) dialog: I doen't remember when we were supposed to...
62) 10) dialog: (incredulcus) A few years...
62) 12) dialog: Why not?
62) 14) dialog: Tomorrow?
65) 0) text: GARRETT waiting at the bottom of the staircase. She comes down. She is clearly giving this her best shot, dressed just so, her hair a tribute to its dresser, delicately and perfectly done.
66) 0) text: As GARRETT opens the door of his yellow Corvette and AURORA slides in, with some difficulty. The top is down. Now GARRETT gets in, puts on his seat belt, glances at her as she pats at hersel?.
66) 1) dialog: -~If you mind the open air, I can...
66) 3) dialog: (grinning) Us going out together. Not bad. AURORA is trying to be inconspicuous as she holds onto her scart. She turns to give him a tight returning smile. The scarf flies off and her carefully created mane whips wildly in the air.
66) 5) dialog: The top's home in my garage. She takes this in. The CAMERA shows the huge, expansive sweep of road yet still ahead of them. 70. 112 INT. RESTAURANT LADIES ROCM - DAY 1i2. AURORA using every muscle in her arm to brush the knots out of her hair while overhearing two apparently young women converse with each other from behind two adjoining closed toilet stalls. ”
67) 0) text: As she slips inte her chair across from GARRETT. He grins at her politely. Four younger women are seated at a nearby table. GARRETT glances over.
67) 2) dialog: I think we're going to have to get d@runk.
67) 4) dialog: You suggested this, so trust me cn this one thing. You just got to have some drinks. (CONTINUED)
67) 9) dialog: (enormously pleased) Aurora, you're not fun by any chance, are you?
70) 0) text: As GARRETT'S convertible at about 30 mph sways along the waterside roadway connecting Galveston and Houston. Large ships in the background. GARRETT is sitting atop the driver's seat steering with his feet. AURORA, reluctantly playing his accomplice, one of her feet on the gas pedal, an awkward reach from her side of the car. She must shout to make herself heard over the wind. (CONTINUED)
70) 4) dialog: : Give it a chance.
70) 6) dialog: What? She puts on the brake. He falls over the windshield, flipping onto the hood of the car, then bouncing off to the side onto the grassy shoulder of the road. He lies there. AURORA runs toward him, a bit panicked.
70) 9) dialog: If you wanted to get me on my back, vou just had to ask. 118 He grabs her and pulls her down. Kissin¢e her, she 11 begins to come close to relaxing in the embrace, then GARRETT sticks his hand inside her blouse and into her bra. She pulls quickly away but his hand is stuck there at an awkward angle.
70) 10) dialog: My hand! My hand!
70) 12) dialog: I can't! 2 swear it's breaking.
70) 14) dialog: I'm sorry. Please, God, anything. Bend down. (CONTINUED)
70) 18) dialog: I'm not drunk any more. The pain sobereé me up. Let's go. He starts back towards the car rubbing his wrist. He keeps walking. AURORA, vulnerable, realizing if she doesn't hurry, he'll actually leave her alone, hurries te catch up. It is striking to see her, for the first time, tagging after a man. 11g INT. EMPTY HOUSE - IOWA - DAY 119 In the corner of an empty room between their two over- coats lie SAM BURNS and EMMA. They are squeezing each other making squeezing noises, a happy energized afterglo
71) 3) dialog: I'd rather stick needles in my eyes.
71) 8) dialog: Not mach danger in that unless you curtsy on my face real soon.
71) 10) dialog: I tell you, I don't know what it is about you, Aurora, but you bring out the devil in me. He smiles. She looks at him--she's flustered. Be starts to go.
71) 12) dialog: Little Miss Round Heels?
71) 14) dialog: Sweetheart. She laughs despite herself. He is pleased at his joke.
71) 16) dialog: See you around. 122 122
75) 24) text: Over the fence she can see GARRETT doing laps in his pool
75) 32) dialog: (apelogetically) I was doing laps when you called. Lucky for you I'd only done eight. He grins at her. She turns her back on him and looks up at the painting as he approaches from behind. He puts his hands on her shoulders.
75) 33) dialog: I like the painting. I like everything in here. (into her ear) Relax, baby, it's going to be great. She wheels on him, sputtering in indignation, feeling genuinely and deeply reduced and insulted.
75) 37) dialog: I like the lights on.
75) 39) dialog: This is the softest mattress I've ever been on!
80) 11) dialog: His face turned towards us and away from AURORA. His eyes click open at the mention of his occupation. While in Des Moines EMMA forgets her own life on hearing this awesome news. (CONTINUED)
82) 1) text: AURORA and GARRETT, their backs to VERNON, walking slowly arm-in-arm. ROSIE looks over to VERNON to see how he’s taking it. (CONTINUED)
83) 0) text: AURORA and GARRETT walking.
83) 1) dialog: You understand that I see other women, don't you? :
83) 4) dialog: Should we eat in?
83) 6) dialog: I'll cook...three weeks anc you haven't seen my place.
84) 0) text: We can see GARRETT cooking through the side window. A beat and the front door to ADURORA'S house opens and she moves across the lawn. She knocks, GARRETT'S @oor opens, she enters.
86) 3) dialog: (proudly) What do you think?
86) 5) dialog: (angrily) Need it? Sometimes it isn't enough. I don't think there's a thing wrong with using all your assets.
86) 7) dialog: Oh, come on. We all use whatever we have. TI earned it. It's as much a part of me as anything else.
86) 9) dialog: (agitated) Man, how many men have you hac to step on to get on that high a horse? But you're not so different, believe me, you're going to ask me very soon what it was like out in space just like every dolly does and I'll give you my stock answer an@ you'll love it. You'll see. You'll ask. So don't act like it's nothing to you. A silent beat. He a bit perturbed at himself for letting her get under his skin.
86) 13) dialog: . (immediately) It's a long, long, long way away and when you're there you feel that : you've got a long, long, long way . to get back. It's not much different than being out in a field in west Texas except the sky is black and you keep thinking how far away you are from people.
86) 15) dialog: And it’s true.
86) 17) dialog: I wouldn't know what else to say and that happens to be all they require.
87) 0) text: He is in AURORA'S arms, the moonlight filtering throuch the windew. GARRETT, for now anyway, feels understood, challenged, loved. He is talking about himself in the manner of a hungry man having his first meal in months. She is, as he will later comment, a girl you can really talk to.
87) 1) dialog: You know what bothers me? None of us ever got together one night, closed all the doors and compared notes on the experience. You'd swear there was a rule that we had to pretend it wasn't the fun that it was--that if we started saying just how much fun it was they wouldn't let anybody go up anymore. I even got a little talking to for laughing through a transmission once.
87) 5) dialog: And you do sense the speed. Tf remember looking out the window... (catching himsel£) . I'm like somebody with a belly . telling stories about Korea... AURORA makes a motion that he should stop that stuff and continue.
87) 6) dialog: (continuing) Anyway,.at this one point, I could see part of the spacecraft and tell that it's whistling across the ground, but it doesn't make a sound so that the one thing you can hear, the only noise in the world, is your heartbeat. It's indescribable, or 2 just can't tell it better--but that was my moment-~ the one that doesn't go away. You know what I mean?
95) 6) dialog: No. You don't need an outsider richt now. (CONTINUED)
95) 12) dialog: I'll see them later.
95) 16) dialog: (uncomfortably) (to Aurora) Go ahead.
95) 18) dialog: 
99) 18) dialog: Aurora?
99) 20) dialog: Can we go someplace and talk?
99) 23) dialog: You probably know what I'm going to say. (CONTINUED)
99) 26) dialog: You're some kind of woman, but I'm the wrong kind of man and it doesn't look like my shot at being the right kind is as good as I was hoping.
99) 28) dialog: Well... . Several beats, she looks at him, he shifts embarrassed. Some code insisting that he can't leave until she dismisses him.
99) 30) dialog: Look, I don't want to blow smoke up your ass.
99) 32) dialog: It's just that I'm starting to feel an obligation here that makes it rouch, especially when I live right next door. I started to feel like I had to watch what I was doing in my own house. I hope you know that my feelings for you are... She looks at him hard--he breaks off.
99) 33) dialog: (continuing) You really don't like me.
99) 37) dialog: (utter sincerity) I am going to miss you. I do feel bad.
99) 38) text: . You're lucky. I feel humiliated. She is nakedly pained and angry as she looks at him. It's unsettling and there is a trace of real anguish in GARRETT as he awkwardly exits. We hold on AURORA for a beat then:
111) 0) text: As she walks out to the garden. And finds GARRETT and She stands VERNON talking over the back fence. for a moment then decides to walk over to them.
111) 5) dialog: Vernon was just telling me that Emma's in the hospital for tests. What kind of tests?
111) 10) dialog: Sorry.’ Nothing. I'm squeamish about words like "biopsy". It's just a thing with me. Go ahead. I'm sorry. But his expression remains enormously strained. VERNON looks at him with distaste.
111) 15) dialog: I'm sorry you're going through this, Aurora. She nods and starts back towards the house.
135) 4) text: There, near the pinball machines, a flight bag beside him, is GARRETT. 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 232 133.
136) 0) text: As AURORA and GARRETT walk. ON GARRETT. Getting the willies in the hospital.
137) 0) text: As GARRETT lights up, visibly more relaxed and sits down next to an older working man wearing a sports jacket over his house painting togs.
137) 1) dialog: How you doing? (CONTINUED)
137) 6) dialog: (woozy) Well, great.
140) 0) text: Where AURORA sees GARRETT off. They embrace and as Part of the embrace, he grabs a good handful of her rear end.
140) 1) dialog: Take care of yourself. I'll cali you. I'm glad I saw Emma.
140) 5) dialog: IT was just inches from a clean getaway.
140) 9) dialog: (distressed, then honestly) All I can think of is my stock answer.
140) 11) dialog: (with style) I love you too, kid.
149) 0) text: GARRETT, VERNON, the BANKER, the DOCTOR, TOMMY, TEDDY, MELANIE, FLAP, PATSY'S husband, MEG, CECIL HORTON and SAM BURNS, off by himsels, lost until PATSY comes up and begins to tell him how much EMMA cared about him. The casual, mournful, unstructured conversation of our characters, as they drink, eat and talk about EMMA and inevitably about her mother as well. This to continue as we finally... FADE OUT.