98) 0) text: Top River Oaks stuff this house. The back yard is lush and deep. It has a swimming pool with a 12~-foot slide and decking and a rather substantial tree house. PATSY, some seven years older than when we last saw her, is sitting next to EMMA in a cushy chaise lounge, holding and marveling over MELANIE while, in the back- ground, TOMMY and TEDDY are having a terrific time swimming with PATSY'S daughter, MEG, who is just between the two boys in size and age. TOMMY is notably more animated and joyous than we've seen him. PATSY is still a knockout, though no longer a natural one. EMMA watches with pleasure as her blonde friend cudéles her blonde daughter.
98) 2) dialog: (to Patsy) Mommy, can we have lunch?
122) 0) text: A few couples, well dressed but casually seated around PATSY'S living room. MEG, PATSY'S daughter, kissing her mother and father good night. PATSY'S husband, JACK, is a good looking, well-connected, young partner at Solomon Brothers. They are drinking and eating little chili canapes that PATSY'S made. One of the women fills a silence.
123) 0) text: MEG, PATSY'S daughter, is sitting up in bed reading. EMMA walks in.
123) 2) dialog: Fine. EMMA picks up the phone and begins to dial.
123) 3) dialog: Will you tell Tommy I said hi? EMMA . I'll do better than that. I'll tell him you have a crush on hin.
123) 4) dialog: Aunt Emma, you wouldn't. EMMA laughs, then hangs up the phone, thinks for a beat, then:
123) 6) dialog: Uh-huh?
123) 8) dialog: Well, I think it’s my favorite because no matter what you're fond of, they have it.
123) 10) dialog: Yes. Because we “ave a house in East Hampton that's right on the ocean and has woods out behind.
123) 14) dialog: Oh, yes. EMMA takes this in and dials.
149) 0) text: GARRETT, VERNON, the BANKER, the DOCTOR, TOMMY, TEDDY, MELANIE, FLAP, PATSY'S husband, MEG, CECIL HORTON and SAM BURNS, off by himsels, lost until PATSY comes up and begins to tell him how much EMMA cared about him. The casual, mournful, unstructured conversation of our characters, as they drink, eat and talk about EMMA and inevitably about her mother as well. This to continue as we finally... FADE OUT.