4) 0) text: EMMA, her hopeless hair, unaided by the style of the dav, is the kind of high school girl whose near dumpiness seems only a minor hindrance because she so totally accepts it. She is walking with her best friend, PATSY CLARK. PATSY is a bright, blonde Bayou Club beauty. She is athletic, warm and sensitive, seemincly perfect in every way with even the good ¢race to have a bit of a tortured soul. As they arrive at the house, there is some activity next door.
4) 1) dialog: Hey, Emma, what's that?
4) 3) dialog: Which one? (CONTINUED)
4) 6) dialog: Judy has one on her block too. I'11 wait for you. I don't feel up to handling your mother today.
7) 9) dialog: (suddenly to Emma) Emma, it's my wedding gift to you. (to salesgirl) She'll take it. AURORA and PATSY exchange a look. PATSY will not be cowed.
9) 0) text: PATSY and EMMA are in pajamas, the stuffed animals still in evidence. "King and I" is playing as EMMA ties (CONTINUED)
9) 3) dialog: You getting nervous vet, Emma?
11) 1) dialog: I feel a little foolish cetting stoned to hear Ethel Merman.
11) 2) text: Mary Martin. You're crazy if you smoke these in a car, Patsy. The Texas troopers have gone crazy. Flap knows this one fella in the English department where a trooper was following him so he swallowed his grass--so they scraped his tongue and used that as evidence. He's going to get five years.
11) 3) dialog: (Patsy has not been listening) This is the last time we'll be like this.
11) 8) dialog: It's always meant so much to me that someone as nice as you loved me.
11) 17) dialog: Maybe she's going to tell you how to have sex. (CONTINUED)
36) 11) dialog: You like her, huh? He doesn't hear her. Because at that moment AURCRA laughs at something. VERNON loves her laugh, his eyes shine, he shakes his head in utter wonderment at how perfect the laugh is.
36) 13) dialog: (louder) You like her? VERNON is startlec. He turns to face PATSY.
37) 10) dialog: You mother's serving.
37) 13) dialog: Yes. She puts her arm around PATSY'S shoulders as they walk in
38) 0) text: FLAP is feeling faizly wanton as he looks at PATSY. When she becomes aware of this: (CONTINUED)
40) 3) dialog: EMMA is holding an adorable infant, her first born, TOMMY. PATSY sits alongside her, somewhat intent.
40) 5) dialog: Beverly Hills. EMMA nods.
43) 0) text: The U-Haul is filled and attached to the rear of the HORTON'S car. Stacks of books and records as always. PATSY'S car and AURORA'S Cadillac are in evidence as are the two women and ROSIE. FLAP holds TOMMY by the hand as they look with curiosity at the women doing their leave-taking. AURORA is waiting with growing impatience for ROSIE to finish hugging and kissing EMMA goodbye. Just as they seem to have finished their last squeeze, one of them gets the need for just one mere; it’s almost an informal reception line with the reception growing colder as they move from EMMA to TOMMY to his father. ROSIE and EMMA are locked in still another embrace.
43) 4) dialog: Well, Ems...I didn't expect to be this devastated. (CONTINUED)
43) 12) dialog: Be good to her or we'll set you.
43) 25) dialog: Write as soon as you get there so I know your adéress and all. EMMA nods, not able to speak.
43) 30) dialog: I think she's glad she finally deesn't have to see me anymore. (CONTINUED)
43) 34) dialog: Okay. Be happy. I love you.
43) 39) dialog: I really would like to come see you from time to time.
43) 41) dialog: Oh, Mrs. Greenway. She shakes her head and walks. We can almost see the minute beat where AURORA decides not to linger and look back at the apartment her daughter lived in as a bride and young mother.
98) 0) text: Top River Oaks stuff this house. The back yard is lush and deep. It has a swimming pool with a 12~-foot slide and decking and a rather substantial tree house. PATSY, some seven years older than when we last saw her, is sitting next to EMMA in a cushy chaise lounge, holding and marveling over MELANIE while, in the back- ground, TOMMY and TEDDY are having a terrific time swimming with PATSY'S daughter, MEG, who is just between the two boys in size and age. TOMMY is notably more animated and joyous than we've seen him. PATSY is still a knockout, though no longer a natural one. EMMA watches with pleasure as her blonde friend cudéles her blonde daughter.
98) 3) dialog: Yes. (ealling to boys) What do you want to eat?
98) 7) dialog: (calling) Sure.
99) 0) text: MELANIE playing on the floor, PATSY slicing fresh shrimp.
99) 1) dialog: It was interesting dating Jews after the divorce. They are so different. EMMA is nibbline as she helps prepare the gumbo ingredien
99) 3) dialog: In Los Angeles they were so anxious to make you feel as if they under- stood your secret thoughts better than anybody. Damned if they didn't sometimes.
99) 5) dialog: (into phone) Hello? Oh, hi, Flap. I'm fine. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
99) 8) dialog: God, it's been so long. Oh, I guess I look older like ail of us. Yes, I have a whole new daughter and husband you haven't met. (she laughs and then glancing at Emma changes her laugh to a look of disapproval over what Flap has said) You sound the same and I'm not sure that's such a good thing. Yes, she's right here. Oh, she has not. We have other things to talk about besides you. the phone tc EMMA.
99) 13) dialog: I dgon't know why you don't leave him.
115) 0) text: PATSY sits alongside AURORA. PATSY is wearing a fur coat and locks dazzling. This is a new doctor, DR. MAISE. He is too calm. He also cannot seem to eontrol his eyes from clicking over to PATSY occasionally AURORA not missing this aspect of the interview.
116) 0) text: MAISE, AURORA and PATSY walking aionc.
116) 2) dialog: I don’t think so.
116) 7) dialog: I think he's right--Aurora.
116) 9) dialog: But when we are?
117) 0) text: She's reading the kids’ letters and enjoying hersei‘. AURORA and PATSY enter with broadly fixed smiles on their faces.
117) 6) dialog: I think you can tell more about your condition yoursel£ than they can. Hey, I want you to come to New York for a visit. My treat.
117) 8) dialog: I mean it. You have some time before you have to see the doctor again. Spend a few days in New York. -
119) 0) text: PATSY in the back seat with EMMA, who looks strange in this setting.
119) 1) dialog: Look, Emma.
120) 0) text: PATSY and EMMA and three other women in their late 20's or early 30's are being seated at a large round table. The East River traffic just a few feet away, the Brooklyn Bridge overhead, the city beyond, a piano player at work on the atmosphere. There isn't a Welsh coal miner who wouldn't instantly guess which of the five women was the rube. EMMA is out of her element, but there is enough inner security to make her only vaguely uncomfortable in the midst of these well-groomed, seemingly-sure-of-themselves contemporaries.
120) 1) dialog: (making introductions) Emma, this is Lizbeth. Hi, Elizabeth.
120) 7) dialog: And this is Jane.
120) 9) dialog: And this is Victcria. MOVING SHOT t 206 Following waiter to the table some 60 minutes later. He lays down coffee for all but EMMA whe has also ordered an incredibly gooey dessert. There is a good deal of intelligent, though nonetheless chirpy, chatter. (CONTINUED)
120) 14) dialog: And don't think she doesn't know it.
121) 0) text: Breezy, right on the water. PATSY talking to her three New York friends as they wait for taxis. The mood seems different. Two of the women genuinely aghast, and then the conversation stops abruptly with the exclamation, "Oh, that poor thing" hanging in the air.
121) 6) dialog: Go ahead. You girls take the first one. We're not in a hurry.
121) 9) dialog: (nods) You don't mind, do you?
121) 11) dialog: Emma. , Please, no...why? quickly after EMMA.
121) 14) dialog: Sure, of course. What do you want me to do? EMMA . Well, tell them it's not so tragic. Pecple do get better. Tell them it's oxay to talk about the cancer. 210
122) 0) text: A few couples, well dressed but casually seated around PATSY'S living room. MEG, PATSY'S daughter, kissing her mother and father good night. PATSY'S husband, JACK, is a good looking, well-connected, young partner at Solomon Brothers. They are drinking and eating little chili canapes that PATSY'S made. One of the women fills a silence.
122) 20) dialog: You don't feel like meetine somebody right now who had a mastectomy, do you?
123) 0) text: MEG, PATSY'S daughter, is sitting up in bed reading. EMMA walks in.
135) 8) text: Showing VERNON watching them, suffering, at the very least, enormous discomfort, since PATSY and ROSIE are looking at him and actually verbalizing their feelings as they say softly and almost in unison.
135) 9) dialog: Awww. He looks around and walks off in the opposite direction. ROSIE makes a simple statement of fact to PATSY.
141) 7) dialog: Wouldn't you know? I take them away skiing and the most excited they got is when they found this novelty section in the gift shop. De you think they should see their mother today?
141) 9) dialog: I told Emma I thought Melwnie should -” be with me, and the boys too if she wants. She didn't want to discuss it until she'd had a chance to go over it with poor Flap.
141) 12) dialog: We'll see, I didn't want to do anything behind your back. That's why I wanted you to know I've spoken with Emma. AURORA just looks at her. It is not a friendly lock.
141) 13) dialog: It's silly for us to dislike each other now, isn't it?
141) 15) dialog: Well, I'm not mad at you. She exits.
143) 0) text: PATSY is putting some make-up on EMMA, getting her spruced up for her boys.
143) 1) dialog: Is it terrible to say that I just ean't stand seeing your mother get her hands on that little girl? I'd just love to raise that little girl.
143) 3) dialog: I suppose Melanie will manage all by herself no matter who takes care of her. (CONTINUED)
143) 7) dialog: Be's so like you, Teddy. A real innocent.
143) 9) dialog: I really wish you wouldn't use the past tense. Anyway, I'm having the kids visit a lot. She can't fight me on that.
143) 11) dialog: Do I get to say somethine ever?
143) 13) dialog: There's just this. Sesides loving you, I don't think you realize how I've depended on you. You're my touchstone, Emma. She exits. EMMA sits there alone preparing to tackle the final task she has set for herself, her farewell to her children. At this moment she is thinking hard, concentrating on how she will deal with this. She is at work. We HEAR the door open. She looks over towards it.
148) 0) text: ROSIE, PATSY and AURORA preparing some food. They argue with AURORA and each other about who should not be doing this. ‘
149) 0) text: GARRETT, VERNON, the BANKER, the DOCTOR, TOMMY, TEDDY, MELANIE, FLAP, PATSY'S husband, MEG, CECIL HORTON and SAM BURNS, off by himsels, lost until PATSY comes up and begins to tell him how much EMMA cared about him. The casual, mournful, unstructured conversation of our characters, as they drink, eat and talk about EMMA and inevitably about her mother as well. This to continue as we finally... FADE OUT.