0) 0) text: ie] A two-door, dark car arrives. From the driver's seat steps a man of 40 in a dark blue suit and cowboy boots. He was RUDYARD'S employer. He holds a hand out to assist ROSIE DUNLOP, AURORA'S maid for years and, though she doesn't know it, the last white maid in Houston. She refuses the hand and concentrates on the next one out, folding back the front seat for EMMA GREENWAY-- misshapen for a child of eight--her legs too short, her hands too thick--that sort of thing--hair, unusually stringy, is even worse after the sweaty and emotional funeral, a black ribbon hangs lifeless in her tresses. She too refuses help and indicates that the man should instead help the next cecupant. That's AURORA, who emerges in black, one hand held by the man, the cther by her maid. The first thing she does on emerging from the car is to remeve her shoes. She has her arm around her young daughter as she moves barefoot across the lawn. (CONTINUED)
0) 8) dialog: What's wrong?
5) 0) text: As EMMA enters, ROSIE is cleaning.
5) 2) dialog: (matter of factly) She's out back with that old fart who's tryinc to get into her pants.
14) 0) text: A yellow '69 XKE convertible, it's top down, is forced to move slowly behind a beer delivery truck. In the truck are ROSIE and her husband, ROYCE. In the car are GARRETT BREEDLOVE and an 18-year-old girl. GARRETT is a once famous astronaut for the United States of America. He is in his mid 40's and sexy. He's an easygoing over- achiever who truly believes that life can be simple and fun. GARRETT and his date are hung over from a night of carousing.
14) 4) dialog: Den't get me pissed at you. You're having a hard enough time. AURORA nods, a bit downcast.
14) 5) dialog: (continuing) Just do me a favor and give me a while before I have to feel sorry | for you.
14) 7) dialog: Let me get changed and I'll tell you everything. “ROYCE has gotten down from the truck and hovers into view. His beer belly is fabulous-~the buckle of his belt pointing straight down to the ground. (CONTINUED)
14) 10) dialog: (disgusted) Oh, Rovce wanted you to see him dressed up. she looks at him.
22) 0) text: ROYCE'S truck pulls to the curb. ROSIE gets out one door, ROYCE the other. He reaches into the cab and loads her with some shopping cartons, then looks up.
22) 2) dialog: As she follows his glance while burdened with packages, then looks back at AURORA, still visible. She gestures for AURORA to step away from the window, which AURORA does. She nudges ROYCF sharply.
23) 0) text: As ROSIE enters.
23) 2) dialog: Why don't you just show Royce your bosoms and get it over with? (CONTINUED)
23) 6) dialog: (guiltily) I didn't think of that.
37) 0) text: ROSIE, smoking, has a tray of drinks beside her as she and EMMA sit with feet up on the back porch. They are drinking.
37) 1) dialog: So he stays away four whole days and when he comes back, he doesn't even stay awake long enough to rub my back.
37) 3) dialog: Would you? EMMA gets up, stands behind ROSIZ and rubs her back as PATSY comes up.
37) 6) dialog: He used to give me such a good lovin'--wild but polite. Remember how I used to tell you when you was young?
37) 9) dialog: (surprised) Oh, good. PATSY now decides she can interrupt.
37) 11) dialog: Let's go. She walks briskly inside. PATSY and EMMA walking in behind her. EMMA feeling natural. For her the episode with ROSIE was not particularly special but PATSY, as happens to her with some frequency in this friendship, feels shallow next to EMMA. There is a half-beat of alienation as PATSY walks alongside her.
41) 0) text: Where we can see TOMMY, now a toddler, moving after ROSIE, who darts away from him.
41) 1) dialog: Come on, run harder.
43) 0) text: The U-Haul is filled and attached to the rear of the HORTON'S car. Stacks of books and records as always. PATSY'S car and AURORA'S Cadillac are in evidence as are the two women and ROSIE. FLAP holds TOMMY by the hand as they look with curiosity at the women doing their leave-taking. AURORA is waiting with growing impatience for ROSIE to finish hugging and kissing EMMA goodbye. Just as they seem to have finished their last squeeze, one of them gets the need for just one mere; it’s almost an informal reception line with the reception growing colder as they move from EMMA to TOMMY to his father. ROSIE and EMMA are locked in still another embrace.
43) 2) dialog: (taking orders) Okay. (to Emma) Be sweet, honey.
43) 11) dialog: He's got himself the sweetest lips. PATSY hugs the child--ROSIE nods to FLAP--AURORA leans her face towards FLAP; he kisses her once, leaning forward to barely brush her cheek with his lips; they don't touch. PATSY gives him a hug; he squeezes a might too hard.
44) 0) text: As AURORA'S car comes to the curb to drop ROSIE off.
44) 1) text: ROSIE erying, AURORA can't bear it. She leans ROSIE to open her door.
44) 3) dialog: Den't push me when I'm erying.
44) 5) dialog: It's the end of your world. Emma's the only one who can take ya.
44) 7) dialog: fiercely mad) Oh, you shit-head.
44) 9) dialog: Locks like we're going to get alon¢c wonderful without Emma, don't it?
60) 11) dialog: Dr. Ratcher...
60) 13) dialog: Doctor, you're a might confusec now because of being recently widowed. So let me go after her.
61) 0) text: As ROSIE enters.
61) 2) dialog: I thought it was good he only caught you on two years.
61) 6) dialog: Vernon's nice. on
61) 8) dialog: (babying her) 65. He never even thinks about touching me. Come on, you don't want to be touched that much anyways. Don't pretend you're not worried
61) 10) dialog: let's. It's a sin before God that you don't know how lucky a And if you don't start showing some gratitude soon, you're going straight to hell. - She takes a pitcher of coffee and exits to the living room. AURORA sits for another beat, ané exits through the kitchen door leading outside.
63) 3) dialog: Hi, Etta.
63) 5) dialog: Royce found himself a new slut and he's saying this time he might not be back. :
64) 0) text: As ROSIE enters. She hears some noise from the kitchen. AURORA is in a slip talking on the phone to EMMA. The breakfast table is covered with make-up items anc a mirror has been set up. She is almost wildly energetic, perhaps even happy.
64) 2) dialog: (inte phone) ai, honey, how's the baby doing? (MORE) (CONTINUED)
64) 5) dialog: (pleased) Oh, no kidding. Well, when we going to see you all? (delighted) Really? Well, I'll keep my fingers crossed. Oh, big deal. So she's having lunch with the astronaut. I've got better things to worry about. It will serve her right if she loses Vernon.
81) 0) text: The bus stops--ROSIE gets off. A bit lifeless as she begins her day. There is a beep; she looks over to see VERNON and brightens?
81) 1) dialog: When did you get back from Odessa?
82) 1) text: AURORA and GARRETT, their backs to VERNON, walking slowly arm-in-arm. ROSIE looks over to VERNON to see how he’s taking it. (CONTINUED)
82) 5) dialog: . Oh, you are the best little man, Vernon.
95) 0) text: ROSIE peering out the window.
95) 1) dialog: (low) I think this is them.
95) 3) dialog: Well, talk about your beautiful.
95) 23) dialog: This one likes to squeeze. AURORA goes to TOMMY. She kisses him and TEDDY and they have a none-too-geod embrace.
99) 15) dialog: Raising kids in Nebraska, my God. EMMA gets in, tears in her eyes, drives away. ROSIE stands there with AURORA.
99) 16) dialog: I thought Flap was just dumb but he might be a son-of-a-bitch. AURORA sighs. ROSIE follows her gaze to the house next door. -
99) 17) dialog: (with disapproval) See you tomorrow. She starts off towards her bus stop. AURORA waits a beat then takes off her shoes and heads across the iawn to her house. 178 GARRETT comes out of the house. He is subdued, 178 ill-at-ease.
113) 0) text: AURORA hangs up the phone. ROSIE is busy nearby.
135) 8) text: Showing VERNON watching them, suffering, at the very least, enormous discomfort, since PATSY and ROSIE are looking at him and actually verbalizing their feelings as they say softly and almost in unison.
135) 9) dialog: Awww. He looks around and walks off in the opposite direction. ROSIE makes a simple statement of fact to PATSY.
138) 0) text: ROSIE and MELANIE visiting. EMMA is caressing MELANIE'S long, thick, blonde hair. ROSIE, awkward, out of her element, and still trying to postpone fully dealing with EMMA'S condition.
138) 2) dialog: {downcast) Oh, you and your thing about hair. (brightening) The other day Melanie was asking about where she came from and I told her to ask her momma.
139) 0) text: As ROSIE steps into the corridor. She stands for a moment, then BEARS EMMA and MELANIE singing a song together and begins to cry.
148) 0) text: ROSIE, PATSY and AURORA preparing some food. They argue with AURORA and each other about who should not be doing this. ‘