50) 0) text: EMMA in bed pulling her dressed husband's arm. Even though they each have conflicting priorities at this moment, this is more fun than argument. The reason they are whispering is apparent in the back¢round where we see EMMA'S old crib holding her baby, TEDDY.
52) 9) dialog: Mommy said to wait right here.
52) 12) dialog: Tommy?
52) 14) dialog: What do you want to do?
52) 16) dialog: Maybe later. EMMA comes out of the house in the distance, distraucht, looks up and down, spots her kids and comes marching towards them. TEDDY sees her and runs towards her, hugging her hard. She hugs him back. She is 30 years old and obviously distraught. She comforts TEDDY and eyes TOMMY who has refused to budge.
53) 2) dialog: (excited) No, can we? He nudges TOMMY to join in the lobbying but TOMMY, though dying for anything with the word "Texas" attached, remains aloot.
53) 4) dialog: Yay! (CONTINUED)
72) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello. What? What? (to Emma) It's for you, Mommy.
72) 3) dialog: (into phone) Who is it? {to Enna) It's the bank. EMMA takes the formula out.
72) 5) dialog: Could I...
74) 6) dialog: Mom, I have to go. Really.
74) 14) dialog: But you told me always to... She moves him out.
74) 15) dialog: Can I hold Melanie?
76) 0) text: EMMA and FLAP asleep, her arm over his chest. TOMMY and TEDDY enter. TEDDY begins to move towards his mother's side of the bed to wake her. TOMMY restrains him and leads the way to FLAP. In the b.g. now that the door is open, we hear a fierce, barking cough. (CONTINUED)
76) 5) dialog: (soft) Melanie's sick--hear her? FLAP listens for a second, then jostles EMMA vigorously.
77) 6) dialog: I won't be able to sleep, so why can't...
94) 2) dialog: (to Tommy) Hey, look. Isn't that great?
94) 4) dialog: (impressed) Sc that's what it looks like.
95) 20) dialog: (calling) Grandma! Grandma! Grandma ! AURORA shushes TEDDY while maintaining a tisht smile. She senses GARRETT'S discomfort but this is no time to deal with it.
95) 28) dialog: (proudly) She didn't cry once. They open the door, AURORA feasting her eyes. EMMA reaches for her.
96) 0) text: Where a rollaway has been added to EMMA'S old bed. TOMMY and TEDDY are in bed, AURORA and EMMA alternating tucking and kissing. They turn the light out and then stand together framed in the doorway saying their goodnights.
98) 0) text: Top River Oaks stuff this house. The back yard is lush and deep. It has a swimming pool with a 12~-foot slide and decking and a rather substantial tree house. PATSY, some seven years older than when we last saw her, is sitting next to EMMA in a cushy chaise lounge, holding and marveling over MELANIE while, in the back- ground, TOMMY and TEDDY are having a terrific time swimming with PATSY'S daughter, MEG, who is just between the two boys in size and age. TOMMY is notably more animated and joyous than we've seen him. PATSY is still a knockout, though no longer a natural one. EMMA watches with pleasure as her blonde friend cudéles her blonde daughter.
135) 0) text: She stands watching TOMMY and TEDDY swim in the indoor pool. They are having a fine time. TEDDY hops out and, gicgling, pretends he's going to push AUROPA in. TOMMY calls to his brother from the pool.
141) 16) text: TEDDY and TOMMY spying on AURORA'S table from afar.
143) 15) text: As TOMMY and TEDDY enter their mother's room. TOMMY steeling himself, his younger brother already in tears. He moves quickly to his mother and buries his head in the covers. TOMMY is enormously uncomfortable and rigid. TEDDY is a bit out of control because suddenly, here with his mother, he feels comfortable enough to say what he's been thinking since she was hospitalized.
143) 33) dialog: (sobbing to Tommy) Why don't you just shut up?
145) 0) text: AURORA making conversation to soothe TEDDY who keeps lapsing unexpectedly into tears or sniffling. TOMMY lags behind, pausing, looking back at the hospital, then catching up.
149) 0) text: GARRETT, VERNON, the BANKER, the DOCTOR, TOMMY, TEDDY, MELANIE, FLAP, PATSY'S husband, MEG, CECIL HORTON and SAM BURNS, off by himsels, lost until PATSY comes up and begins to tell him how much EMMA cared about him. The casual, mournful, unstructured conversation of our characters, as they drink, eat and talk about EMMA and inevitably about her mother as well. This to continue as we finally... FADE OUT.