41) 0) text: Where we can see TOMMY, now a toddler, moving after ROSIE, who darts away from him.
43) 0) text: The U-Haul is filled and attached to the rear of the HORTON'S car. Stacks of books and records as always. PATSY'S car and AURORA'S Cadillac are in evidence as are the two women and ROSIE. FLAP holds TOMMY by the hand as they look with curiosity at the women doing their leave-taking. AURORA is waiting with growing impatience for ROSIE to finish hugging and kissing EMMA goodbye. Just as they seem to have finished their last squeeze, one of them gets the need for just one mere; it’s almost an informal reception line with the reception growing colder as they move from EMMA to TOMMY to his father. ROSIE and EMMA are locked in still another embrace.
43) 24) dialog: Goodbye, Aunt Aurora. TOMMY gets in the back of the car. FLAP and EMMA in front. ROSIE starts to cry. AURORA looks at her with d@isapproval so ROSIE moves off to enter AURCRA'S car and cry in private.
45) 8) dialog: I miss Houston.
45) 10) dialog: I know you're teasing. Texas is the best. EMMA gets on her knees and begins to fix up a bed for TOMMY in the back seat. As she does so...
52) 0) text: As TOMMY sits on the steps we HEAR the faint sound of a woman's squeak.
52) 10) dialog: You stay if you want. TEDDY is tern, reluctant to G@isobey his mother but unable to resist scurrying after his brother. As they move down the block.
52) 13) dialog: I don't want to talk.
52) 15) dialog: (flaring out) How about punching each other in the stomach and seeing who can hit harder? You want to do that? TEDDY looks at him, disappcinted. There is a half- second attempt to stare him down, then:
52) 21) dialog: (challenging) I didn't want people to think we lived there. EMMA is made more angry than guilty by the remark.
52) 23) dialog: You're driving Daddy away.
53) 9) dialog: (mortified) You don't have enough money?
53) 17) dialog: - You promised I could get something.
53) 19) dialog: Give her this. He indicates a box of Mydol.
53) 22) dialog: (squawking) Mommy ! EMMA quickly takes a single bar from the rack and hands one to TOMMY.
54) 3) dialog: (sharply) Mommy. Mommy!
60) 0) text: Gathered around the table, a birthday cake in the center, are AURORA, VERNON, the BANKER who wanted to take AURORA to Tahiti on Page 6, and a new face, the newly widowed DR. DOUGLAS RATCHER, a family physician--he delivered TOMMY. The BANKER is finishing, reading a poem he wrote especially for the evening while AURORA busies herself licking the icing from some of the burnt out candles. :
72) 6) dialog: Let him.
76) 0) text: EMMA and FLAP asleep, her arm over his chest. TOMMY and TEDDY enter. TEDDY begins to move towards his mother's side of the bed to wake her. TOMMY restrains him and leads the way to FLAP. In the b.g. now that the door is open, we hear a fierce, barking cough. (CONTINUED)
76) 3) dialog: Dad? Dad? He awakens terrified, making noises of fear for a gecond so that the boys, alarmed, back off. EMMA remains asleep.
96) 0) text: Where a rollaway has been added to EMMA'S old bed. TOMMY and TEDDY are in bed, AURORA and EMMA alternating tucking and kissing. They turn the light out and then stand together framed in the doorway saying their goodnights.
98) 0) text: Top River Oaks stuff this house. The back yard is lush and deep. It has a swimming pool with a 12~-foot slide and decking and a rather substantial tree house. PATSY, some seven years older than when we last saw her, is sitting next to EMMA in a cushy chaise lounge, holding and marveling over MELANIE while, in the back- ground, TOMMY and TEDDY are having a terrific time swimming with PATSY'S daughter, MEG, who is just between the two boys in size and age. TOMMY is notably more animated and joyous than we've seen him. PATSY is still a knockout, though no longer a natural one. EMMA watches with pleasure as her blonde friend cudéles her blonde daughter.
98) 4) dialog: Anything I want? (CONTINUED)
135) 0) text: She stands watching TOMMY and TEDDY swim in the indoor pool. They are having a fine time. TEDDY hops out and, gicgling, pretends he's going to push AUROPA in. TOMMY calls to his brother from the pool.
135) 1) dialog: Pushing Grandma in isn't a half bad idea.
141) 6) dialog: Can we go back to the shop? PATSY nods.
141) 16) text: TEDDY and TOMMY spying on AURORA'S table from afar.
143) 15) text: As TOMMY and TEDDY enter their mother's room. TOMMY steeling himself, his younger brother already in tears. He moves quickly to his mother and buries his head in the covers. TOMMY is enormously uncomfortable and rigid. TEDDY is a bit out of control because suddenly, here with his mother, he feels comfortable enough to say what he's been thinking since she was hospitalized.
143) 16) text: I love you and I miss you. And, oh God, I want you to come home. He lifts his head and takes seme breaths; EMMA pets him, looks almost a bit stern at TOMMY and gestures him to come closer.
143) 17) dialog: As he hesitates for half a beat, then walks to the bed. She touches his face.
143) 19) dialog: Not so bad.
143) 22) dialog: That's a matter of opinion.
143) 24) dialog: Are you getting well?
143) 30) dialog: We're not afraid of girls. What makes you think that?
143) 32) dialog: I doubt it.
143) 34) dialog: (hal f-heartedly) You shut up.
143) 37) dialog: (strained) I like you. (CONTINUED)
143) 41) dialog: . What?
143) 43) dialog: I said, what?
143) 45) dialog: Okay.
145) 0) text: AURORA making conversation to soothe TEDDY who keeps lapsing unexpectedly into tears or sniffling. TOMMY lags behind, pausing, looking back at the hospital, then catching up.
145) 2) dialog: (simply) We never were Scouts. Our mother was too lazy to check it out. AURORA'S hand hits him so hard that he is knocked down ané several feet away by the blow. MELANIE giggles nervously. TOMMY starts to scamper away. AURORA goes after him. He almost runs for it. She has him by the arm. Finally, he stops strucgling; he starts crying. AURORA comforts him. Gentler than we've seen her.
149) 0) text: GARRETT, VERNON, the BANKER, the DOCTOR, TOMMY, TEDDY, MELANIE, FLAP, PATSY'S husband, MEG, CECIL HORTON and SAM BURNS, off by himsels, lost until PATSY comes up and begins to tell him how much EMMA cared about him. The casual, mournful, unstructured conversation of our characters, as they drink, eat and talk about EMMA and inevitably about her mother as well. This to continue as we finally... FADE OUT.