30) 4) dialog: You're not hurt or anything, are you?
30) 7) dialog: Vernon Dahlart. So you ain't hurt?
30) 9) dialog: I'm just glad you weren't hurt.
30) 11) dialog: Well, I own some garages, so let me phone from my car. I'll have your car picked up and fixed up and arrange for a loaner for you and I’11 run you on home and there's some blankets in the back and a thermos of hot pea soup and one of vegetable.
30) 14) dialog: I get the fidgets around ladies. (CONTINUED)
30) 18) dialog: I got eight or nine businesses that I look after when I'm in Houston.
30) 20) dialog: Alberta. A car comes by. VERNON ducks AURORA down and takes 41 the spray full in his face. She didn't get it, however, prompting him to say with sincerity:
30) 21) dialog: That was close.
30) 23) dialog: Oil. She turns to see EMMA to see if she heard.
31) 0) text: As EMMA gets in the back seat, AURORA in the front. While VERNON circles the car, they have the oppor- tunity to take in the two phones, the TV set built in the back, the safe between the two front seats, the front dashboard of cowhide, the kind with the hair still on it. VERNON gets into the car.
31) 3) dialog: . . (chagrined) My idea. They move off. 43 44 27.
33) 2) dialog: Right here mostly when I'm in town. The seat becomes a bed and I own a six-story parking lot so I just park up top. I keep a hotel room for clothes and cleaning up but I'm on the go out of state a lot. I have a pack of nieces and nephews down here, though, that I get fun out of. That's my family and my top men work out of Houston...I might change that though because of...whew...what's happening here?...I never talked so much about myself in my life.
34) 0) text: As VERNON'S car pulls up.
34) 1) dialog: This it?
34) 3) dialog: I guess I wish we weren't strangers.
34) 5) dialog: Lord, yes.
36) 12) dialog: (to himself) Lord, she's somethin’.
36) 14) dialog: (a bit mortified) Does it show? (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Gathered around the table, a birthday cake in the center, are AURORA, VERNON, the BANKER who wanted to take AURORA to Tahiti on Page 6, and a new face, the newly widowed DR. DOUGLAS RATCHER, a family physician--he delivered TOMMY. The BANKER is finishing, reading a poem he wrote especially for the evening while AURORA busies herself licking the icing from some of the burnt out candles. :
60) 7) dialog: It seems to me she said her age.
62) 1) text: The three male faces in the window--VERNON, the IDIOT DOCTOR, the PATHETIC BANKER--slim pickings.
81) 0) text: The bus stops--ROSIE gets off. A bit lifeless as she begins her day. There is a beep; she looks over to see VERNON and brightens?
81) 2) dialog: Just. She gets in the car.
82) 1) text: AURORA and GARRETT, their backs to VERNON, walking slowly arm-in-arm. ROSIE looks over to VERNON to see how he’s taking it. (CONTINUED)
82) 4) dialog: (simply) Whoever it is is one lucky bastard.
108) 0) text: VERNON sitting outside, fidgeting.
111) 0) text: As she walks out to the garden. And finds GARRETT and She stands VERNON talking over the back fence. for a moment then decides to walk over to them.
111) 2) dialog: . We was just seeing to that. (CONTINUED)
111) 7) dialog: I think you'd feel better if you talked to nim about it.
111) 11) dialog: Let's go inside. He starts to escort her away, then turns to GARRETT.
111) 12) dialog: I don't know why you'd feel squeamish about anything. Didn't you fellas have to piss and dump down a tube in your leg? AURORA laughs, pats VERNON on the back. He grins broadly and modestly. AURORA looks at GARRETT with challenge. But GARRETT, damn him, endures justified ridicule with some grace. (CONTINUED)
130) 0) text: AURORA eating a desultory meal with VERNON. There is so little to say. He is concerned for her. She catches him looking at her at one point as she unconscicusly squeezes her armpit. She stops anc pats his hand in reassurance.
135) 8) text: Showing VERNON watching them, suffering, at the very least, enormous discomfort, since PATSY and ROSIE are looking at him and actually verbalizing their feelings as they say softly and almost in unison.
149) 0) text: GARRETT, VERNON, the BANKER, the DOCTOR, TOMMY, TEDDY, MELANIE, FLAP, PATSY'S husband, MEG, CECIL HORTON and SAM BURNS, off by himsels, lost until PATSY comes up and begins to tell him how much EMMA cared about him. The casual, mournful, unstructured conversation of our characters, as they drink, eat and talk about EMMA and inevitably about her mother as well. This to continue as we finally... FADE OUT.