40) 0) text: The entire audience is made up of young women. They being addressed by a somewhat older, but decidedly Eastern, woman.
52) 0) text: As TOMMY sits on the steps we HEAR the faint sound of a woman's squeak.
66) 6) text: F WOMAN NUMBER ONE oo . I know two girls who use it. They ~ say it's 96 percent safe, better than a diaphragm but not as good as the pill. It should work; it was invented in Germany.
92) 0) text: EMMA walking and searching near the English building of FLAP'S college. She stops. FLAP, his back to her and us, but we recognize the winter jacket. He is talking with what appears to be intimacy to a tall, attractive woman in her late 20's, a colleague. They are under a street light. The girl has her hand up to PLAP'S face. They are clearly lovers. Her name is JANICE. EMMA i54 Her suspicions confirmed. The truth jolts her and turns her mean. She advances on the couple with the stealth of Indians and wronged, plump women.
102) 5) dialog: Will you please tell Mr. Horton... But now EMMA has turned and seen her. The woman reacts quickly.
102) 6) dialog: (continued) Never mind. She exits. But EMMA breaks after her, MELANIE following as best she can.
122) 1) dialog: (brightly and conversationally) Patsy tells us you have cancer. PATSY laughs so suddenly she spits out her little chili dog. It virtually flies across the room. EMMA breaks up laughing with her.
122) 2) dialog: We should really talk later. I'm a nutritionist and my husband's with Ticketron. EMMA nods and exits to terrace. EXT. PATSY'S TERRACE - NIGHT 2il An attractive, 5'5", intense man, PHIL, who's often told he looks like Rick Dreyfuss, is standing close to her smoking a joint.
125) 8) text: A woman
141) 0) text: AURORA going through the line, looking with extraordinary distaste as people in front of her have food plopped into their plates, wet glops covered with thick syrups. She addresses the black woman behind the counter.
141) 2) dialog: You crazy?
141) 4) dialog: You want gravy on the toast?