4) 14) dialog: Why you always dress like me? Beat.
4) 16) dialog: We ain’t got no uniform. You can wear any color shirt you choose. You just keep choosing mine.
4) 18) dialog: Well, they say imitation is the greatest form of flattery, Alberto. Did you know that? Alberto is half Comanche and half Latino, though his Texa twang is as pronounced as any cowboy.
4) 20) dialog: Where at?
4) 22) dialog: FBI looking for an assist? 12.
4) 25) dialog: +. I may have one hunt left in me.
5) 49) dialog: Somebody robbed the bank this morning. 19.
5) 51) dialog: Ain’t seen no one unusual in town, have you?
5) 53) dialog: Looks that way. The rancher shakes his head.
5) 55) dialog: I remember it. (Hands him a card) You see anyone that looks a little sideways, you give me a call.
5) 57) dialog: Well, that would simplify things for everyone but you.
5) 59) dialog: God, I love West Texas. They walk to the bank as a DEPUTY approaches.
5) 63) dialog: So no ink pack.
5) 66) dialog: That was smart, wasn’t it. Can we get a look at the video? The deputy’s eyes narrow.
5) 70) dialog: Can we get a look at the surveillance video? Mr. Clauson shrinks a little.
5) 73) dialog: «+. No video? Marcus looks up and points to the surveillance camera abo the front door.
5) 74) dialog: What's that?
5) 76) dialog: VCR busted, is that it?
5) 78) dialog: Mmhmm. Turns to PARKER.
5) 79) dialog: Call over to the Young County Sheriff's, see if they just hit teller drawers and stuck to small bills, I’m sure they did, but -- and ask em if they thought to hook their cameras to some sort of recording device. PARKER dials his cell. Marcus turns to Mr. Clauson.
5) 80) dialog: They armed?
5) 82) dialog: Faces was covered?
5) 86) dialog: Little early in the morning for tweakers --
5) 88) dialog: These boys ain’t tweakers. Tweakers rob drug stores and parked cars, not banks. Marcus spots Elsie, sitting on the steps, sweating bucket He walks to her.
5) 89) dialog: You the teller? She looks up at him. Her face wearing the violation of th morning.
5) 92) dialog: I know their faces was covered but could you tell their race? She just looks at him.
5) 93) dialog: Black? White?
5) 95) dialog: Let’s leave their souls out of it for now.
5) 97) dialog: So they appeared Caucasian is what you're saying.
5) 100) dialog: They got video? PARKER shakes his head.
5) 102) dialog: Doesn’t Wal-Mart sell all sorts of electronics? My word ... These boys ain't done, I’1l tell you that much.
5) 104) dialog: They're patient. Just hit the drawers and don’t take the hundreds cuz that’s the bank’s money -- you can trace that. They’re trying to raise a certain amount is my guess and it’s gonna take a few banks to get there at this rate. Besides ... Marcus looks at Mr. Clauson, Elsie, and the little bank.
5) 105) dialog: This is just too damn easy. 24. Marcus looks back over the small crowd -- all simple, cou folk, milling about in a state of grave disbelief. It’s a miracle people haven’t been robbing them non-stop for the past century.
6) 55) dialog: I’m driving, all your doin’ is twiddling your fat fingers.
6) 61) dialog: Just over an hour between the first two, then wait all day to hit the bank in Vernon... Boy that’s bold, driving all over in a car with stolen money.
6) 63) dialog: I don’t think these boys is reckless. Damn sure ain’t tweakers. They know exactly what they’re doing. PARKER studies his partner.
6) 65) dialog: Beth was the rider. A horse would just remind me of her. Beat.
6) 67) dialog: Not enough to do it every goddam day.
6) 69) dialog: Guess you forgot about the hurricane that washed away the pier and the rest of Galveston with it.
6) 71) dialog: Who knows, maybe one of these bank robbers will want a gun fight, and I'll dodge retirement in a blaze of glory.
6) 73) dialog: Well, I’m lucky I got a half breed by my side to avenge me ... If you can stay sober enough to do it, knowing how you injuns like the bottle. PARKER laughs at the insult. 33.
6) 75) dialog: I’d chase them all the way to hell and kill ‘em on the devil’s doorstep ... Take my damnation with a smile, my friend. We look out the windshield. Black smoke blocks out the setting sun.
6) 76) dialog: What in the hell is that? The road winds up a hill. They crest it and see: CATTLE, HUNDREDS OF THEM, STANDING IN THE ROAD. Marcus locks the brakes. The Lincoln slides and squeals t stop. They sit in silence, surrounded by cattle.
6) 78) dialog: Hey, ya’ll burning this field?
6) 80) dialog: Wish we could do something for you. 34.
6) 83) dialog: It’ll burn out when it hits the Brazos. No one to call around here anyway. These boys is on their own. The cattle pass, cowboys whooping and hollering behind th Marcus starts the car down the road, which is now covered cow shit. Marcus crests the rise in the road and the fire comes int view -- a vast expanse of smoldering black earth in its w ... Across the road, coyotes, one after the other, trot across the road. Up ahead a deer. Then another. And another. Seeking salva from the fire.
6) 85) dialog: If the Arc never showed.
6) 87) dialog: You see that fire to the left of us? 35.
6) 90) dialog: Me neither. Marcus opens his door and steps out onto the road. Fire m toward them through the field, crawling low to the ground like a snake. As the dull orange of the setting sun disappears, the neo orange of the fire bleeds toward them like lava. Two more deer trot across the road. Through the headlight an exodus of dozens of rabbits.
6) 92) dialog: What a day.
7) 33) dialog: That a fact. They reach the girl.
7) 34) dialog: What’s your name, young lady?
7) 38) dialog: «+. Only one man robbed the bank? She nods yes.
7) 40) dialog: Gloves?
7) 43) dialog: That's not the way they been doing it. Why change what works?
7) 49) dialog: Was it a nice car, an okay car, or a real piece of shit? 42. She looks him dead in the eye.
7) 51) dialog: Now we're getting somewhere. (Turns and sees the bank manager) That looks like a man who could foreclose on a house. Walks up to him.
7) 52) dialog: You the bank manager?
7) 54) dialog: Didn't happen to have your surveillance cameras on this morning, did you?
7) 56) dialog: So you got the robbery on video.
7) 58) dialog: First Texas Bank. (Turns to PARKER and winks) We have video. Care to give it a watch while I wander over to the cafe?
7) 60) dialog: I doubt they serve pemmican. PARKER has had enough.
7) 62) dialog: I’1ll get to that when I’m out of Indian insults. But it’s gonna be a while. Marcus turns and walks out.
7) 65) dialog: Evening.
7) 67) dialog: I guess you’re aware of the doings at the bank.
7) 69) dialog: Any out-of-towners come through today? The waitress nods.
7) 71) dialog: And where could I find Jenny Ann?
7) 73) dialog: Ya'll been here for a while?
7) 76) dialog: You say you saw them?
7) 78) dialog: What’d he look like?
7) 80) dialog: That so ... What’s youngish in your book?
7) 82) dialog: That a fact. Can you describe them any better than youngish?
7) 85) dialog: Yes ma’am. Tell me bout these handsome young strangers you waited on.
7) 87) dialog: I did. Based on the fact you didn’t meet me in the parking lot hollering about the two out of towners eating here right before a bank robbery.
7) 89) dialog: Pay cash for their dinner?
7) 91) dialog: How much they leave?
7) 92) dialog: How much.
7) 94) dialog: Can I see the bills they paid with?
7) 96) dialog: That’s evidence.
7) 101) dialog: (Pointing to the table by the window) They was eatin’ right over there. Tipped her two hundred dollars. Marcus smiles as he looks toward the kitchen.
7) 102) dialog: Go wrestle a description from the sassy fat girl in the kitchen. And get that tip from her. We’re gonna check them bills.
7) 104) dialog: Yeah, I’d expect some resistance .-. And call that Best Western on 287 and grab us a room.
7) 106) dialog: This is where all the action is. PARKER shakes his head and moves toward the kitchen.
11) 4) dialog: Cuz they ain’t robbing banks in Abilene.
11) 8) dialog: Sure. PARKER surfs. Finds PAT ROBERTSON screaming about Obama a Satan. One in the same, based on Pat’s diatribe. MARCUS (CONT’D) We ain’t gonna watch this, are we?
11) 10) dialog: I am, but I ain’t stupid. God doesn’t talk through this man any more than he does through my dog.
11) 12) dialog: Ain’t you Indian? You’re supposed to be burning sage and dancing around the bed whooping like a bee stung you.
11) 14) dialog: I'd rather dance around a fire with a spear -- hell, I’d rather you stab me with a spear than watch this. Change the channel.
11) 16) dialog: Then open the window and listen to the wind. PARKER changes the channel to ESPN.
11) 18) dialog: This is what God watches. PARKER clouds.
11) 20) dialog: Look at that boy run. Longhorns gonna have a good team this year. I’ll never understand that soccer. Anything a five year old can do ain't a sport. PARKER shifts in the bed.
11) 21) dialog: Who invented soccer, the Aztecs? Kicking around skulls or something? That sounds like a Comanche sport. PARKER tosses the remote in Marcus’s general direction. Marcus grabs it and cradles it like an egg. Victorious. 54.
11) 23) dialog: You know what’s funny, Alberto? Beat.
11) 25) dialog: In a year’s time, it’s my teasing you'll miss. It’s what you’ll laugh about when you stand over my grave and wish me well.
11) 27) dialog: That’s a good one. You’ll get the hang of this yet. PARKER pulls the covers up higher, trying like hell not t like this old bastard.
13) 0) text: Marcus wakes to a terrible pain in his upper chest. He si up. Reaches for a bottle of Tums on the night stand. Grab hand full.
13) 2) dialog: Heart burn. I'll be fine. Marcus rises, goes to the sink. Gets a drink. The pain hi him. Tries to shake it off. Stares at himself, suffering the mirror. EXT. BEST WESTERN -- VERNON, TEXAS -- NIGHT. Marcus, dressed in his undershirt, jeans, and boots, step outside and walks toward the field behind the motel. He l out over the mesquites and cactus. The warm air helps. Or maybe its just the walk. He looks at the sky -- clouds and ten thousand stars carpet the ni An owl hoots. Flies over him. He watches the dark image m silently over him. Marcus walks toward a barbed wire fence, rests against it The warm air blows against him, pushing him like a tatter sail. Marcus looks to the stars as he leans into the wind tries to laugh off his suffering.
13) 3) dialog: This is the thanks I get? Rotting from the inside out. After all I done for you... He looks out over the mesquites, who answer back in an an whistle as the wind whips through their leaves.
14) 11) dialog: Watching the sun rise. Sitting on a porch. Practicing for my future.
14) 13) dialog: Without me by your side, I doubt you'll get close enough to a criminal to ever be in danger again. PARKER’s face clouds.
14) 15) dialog: Indians ain’t supposed to feel sorry for cowboys. It’s the other way around. PARKER looks into Marcus’s eyes, red and swollen from cry Marcus brushes past him and walks into the motel room. EXT. USED CAR LOT -- LAWTON, OKLAHOMA -- DAWN. We stare at the engine of a red Pontiac Grand Am as it re Toby is beneath it with a flashlight, studying. It is far early for anything legal to be happening on a used car lo 66.
15) 0) text: Marcus and PARKER sit at a table. The ceilings are easily twenty feet high, old cedar beams criss crossing it, ceil fans hanging down, circulating hot air. Through the large window, we see a FIRST TEXAS BANK. On the wall hangs a plaque dedicated to the soldiers from Coleman who have fought and died for this country. So man names, one would think the whole town died for our freedo
15) 2) dialog: We’re gonna watch that bank like a deer feeder ... 68. Marcus scans the restaurant, looks out the front window a over the little square with almost no life in it.
15) 3) dialog: This little town fits their bill, based on the ones they hit so far. Got a bank and not much else. So we'll just sit here and wait. In time we’ll be right. A waitress, she must be ninety years old, walks up.
15) 5) dialog: Howdy ma’am. How are you today? She casts a mean glare at Marcus.
15) 7) dialog: Pardon?
15) 9) dialog: Well, I was thinking I’d just get the --
15) 11) dialog: I don’t want green beans. She looks at PARKER. 69.
15) 17) dialog: Yes ma’am. She storms off.
15) 18) dialog: Tell you one thing. Ain’t no one robbing this son of a bitch ... My word. EXT. DEBBIE'S HOUSE -- CHILDRESS, TX -- DAY. DEBBIE HANSON, late 30's, quite the looker four kids ago, attempts to fold laundry while her 6 month old baby cries She surrenders to the screams and picks up the baby.
15) 103) dialog: All these little towns. Dying. What do you think’1l happen to ‘em?
15) 105) dialog: Not much of a thinker, are you?
15) 107) dialog: People made a living here for a hundred and fifty years.
15) 109) dialog: Maybe your people did. Marcus smiles.
15) 113) dialog: And here I am thinking you was slow as a two-legged turtle.
15) 115) dialog: These boys should've hit this branch by now.
15) 117) dialog: Just cuz ... I like this little town.
15) 119) dialog: To who? The bank? Only thing we can do is wait for these boys to make a mistake, and so far they ain’t. So relax. Enjoy this little town. From everything I see, it’ll die long before I do. They look out over the empty square, watching squirrels feasting underneath the pecan trees in the empty town squ as the sun dips below the horizon.
17) 0) text: The crickets are chirping so loud, it echoes off the old, stone building. It doesn’t appear Marcus has moved in hou still staring out over the square. Across the way, PARKER carrying his suitcase into a motel. Marcus takes out his can of Copenhagen, packs it, and pla a pinch in his cheek. Ready for a long night of reflectio INT. HANSON RANCH HOUSE -- KITCHEN -- NIGHT. The wall clock says ten after five in the morning. Toby s dressed like a gang banger, pistol and three magazines fo on the table. He sips coffee as Tanner walks in dressed t same.
18) 0) text: Two cars move toward us. The blazer and the Grand Am. Headlights on, though morning is breaking. They come clos Closer ... EXT. T BONES CAFE -- COLEMAN, TEXAS -- DAY. PARKER stands over us, looking down at something, shaking head in disbelief at -- Marcus, asleep on the bench, chin to his chest.
18) 2) dialog: Just ... Didn’t see the point in walking all the way to the motel just to walk back here in the morning.
18) 11) dialog: First two banks were First Texas branches. There’s seven total: main branch in Fort Worth, and they ain’t messing with that. The branch in Olney they hit, the one in Archer City they hit, the one here, the one in Childress, Jayton --
18) 13) dialog: Okay. That leaves the branch in Post. Childress is a decent sized town, I don’t think they’11 mess with that.
18) 15) dialog: One of ‘em did. Alone. And then ran all the way across the square to get back to the car. I think his partner had no idea that was gonna happen.
18) 17) dialog: It means the only other First Texas branch that fits the bill is in Post. 85.
18) 19) dialog: And they’d have robbed ‘em by now if they was interested in other banks, but they ain’t. They’re after First Texas’s money and that’s the only place they can get it that makes any sense.
18) 21) dialog: Let’s get some troopers moving in that direction ... I’m feelin’ lucky. They move off toward the door, pushing it open, and flood the restaurant with the blinding Texas sun. EXT. STATE HIGHWAY 308 -- DAY. The Blazer and Grand Am drive through the ragged land bel the CAP ROCK: a geological marvel where the great plains plummet four hundred feet along a fault line, creating a cliff that dissects West Texas. On one side of the road is an endless wall of red dirt. O the other: land so broken it looks as though God stabbed repeatedly with two giant shovels, punishing it for some unknown offense. The cars breeze by us, the Cap Rock wall towering beside them. EXT. HIGHWAY 308 -- OUTSIDE POST, TEXAS -- DAY. Both vehicles pull off the road. Toby gets out of the Bla and jogs to the Grand Am. He gets in. The Pontiac pulls b on the road, past a sign that reads: POST - 3 MILES. 86. EXT. MAIN STREET -- POST, TEXAS -- DAY. There are actual signs of life here. A few cars in front the grocery store. Pick up trucks in front of the diner. and trucks at the gas station. The FIRST TEXAS BANK sign looms in the distance. INT. GRAND AM -- CONT.
18) 68) dialog: My word. We need a S.W.A.T. unit up here and a chopper to pen this boy down. PARKER dials his cell. Marcus looks up the hill. His eyes are alive. At last: a fight. Troopers are running, zigzagging down the hill, motioning with their hands for everyone to get down. Over the burni vehicles one trooper yells.
18) 70) dialog: This old boy’s out of his mind. Why don’t you slip up this canyon and tomahawk that son of a bitch. 93. Marcus turns back to PARKER, who is laid out on the pavem a bullet hole under his left eye. Marcus moves quickly to him, pulling him behind their vehicle. When he does he sees that the entire back of PARKER’s hea gone. He lets go of his arm and sits there, looking over friend, all the excitement of the chase now gone. Marcus hears trucks approaching, he turns and sees: Townspeople approaching. Marcus runs toward the oncoming vehicles, when they slow to a stop he hides behind the passenger side of the truck in front.
18) 71) dialog: Back these trucks up behind that hill, he’s got a rifle up there.
18) 73) dialog: How well do you know the land around here?
18) 75) dialog: He’s hid up under an old oak in the brush on that hill. Can I get around behind him?
18) 77) dialog: Can’t let you do it. Get me there.
18) 79) dialog: Get me there. I’1l do the rest. Marcus climbs in and the truck drives off as Troopers run motioning the other vehicles to go back to town.
19) 17) dialog: No. We see them now, on the edge of a ridge almost half a mil from the tree. Marcus lays on his belly looking through the rifle scope, local beside him, looking through binoculars. MARCUS (CONT’D) He’s mine.
19) 19) dialog: Me neither. He’ll show himself soon enough. They sit, watching. A small plume of cigarette smoke rise near a bush. They both hone in on it.
19) 20) dialog: I got him.
19) 22) dialog: I got you ... (To the local) How low is this rifle gonna shoot at this distance?
19) 24) dialog: Look at you. Sitting right on the devil’s doorstep. 97.
20) 27) dialog: Was a hot one.
20) 31) dialog: Yep.
20) 33) dialog: I ain’t a veteran.
20) 35) dialog: I appreciate it Barney, but I ain’t much of a card player. Barney laughs.
20) 39) dialog: Hello, Margaret. A RANGER walks up to him.
20) 41) dialog: Oh, just ... You know.
20) 43) dialog: Sure. Think I could take a peak at Tanner Hanson's file?
20) 45) dialog: Nothing better to do.
20) 48) dialog: Killed his father in a hunting accident?
20) 50) dialog: His brother checked out?
20) 52) dialog: What about that little waitress in Vernon? 105.
20) 54) dialog: That fat girl sure was sassy. Marcus holds up Tanner’s file photo and a blown up pictur Toby’s DMV photo --
20) 55) dialog: You show these to that old timer?
20) 57) dialog: Old timer said they looked like brothers.
20) 60) dialog: He owns this ranch?
20) 62) dialog: Just before all this started ... And the ranch is in a trust. 106.
20) 64) dialog: Ya’ll go out there?
20) 66) dialog: Then why was Tanner running around robbing banks, if they’re so flush?
20) 68) dialog: First Texas manages the trust?
20) 72) dialog: I hear you.
21) 0) text: Toby looks at a depression dug under a barbed wire fence leads to a small garden that has been destroyed. Toby walks to an old pickup and grabs a lever action rifl from the gun rack. He racks a round. Climbs over the fenc and follows pig tracks that lead from his garden to the mesquite thicket just beyond. He follows. He walks a deer trail through the thicket, following the tracks. He slows, creeping along the trail. It bends to t right. He creeps along the trail, then notices something moving to his right, along the dirt road that leads to the house ducks. Looks, and starts creeping back toward the house. MARCUS WALKS THE ROAD UP TO THE HOUSE. He looks up at it. It’s halfway through a new paint job, paint cans and rollers rest beside the porch. Toby steps quietly from the mesquites, coming up behind Marcus. Marcus turns to him.
21) 1) dialog: Painting the house I see ... Know who I am? Toby steps closer, the rifle cradled in his arms. Marcus smiles.
21) 2) dialog: I’m the man who killed your brother. Beat.
21) 4) dialog: You could shoot me now and be within your rights. And you totin’ a gun. How convenient.
21) 6) dialog: You mind if I sit? Toby almost smiles.
21) 9) dialog: Sure. I ain’t on duty no more. 108. for a seat on Toby grabs two from a small cooler and tosses him one.
21) 10) dialog: Nice out here with the breeze, now that it’s cooled down. Texas is hell till September comes, ain’t it?
21) 12) dialog: How’d you do it -- never mind, I’‘1l figure that in time ... Why’d you do it?
21) 14) text: I know why Tanner did it. He robbed those banks cuz he liked it. He shot my partner three hundred yards away cuz he liked it. Made him feel good. And if I hadn’t blown his shit-for-brains out, there’d be a brand new truck parked out front and four wheelers and anything else he could think to buy. He’d spend it all just to have an excuse to steal some more. But not you... Painting this old house yourself. Driving that beat up truck. Nothing new I can see, ‘cept those pump jacks and each of ‘em paying you a week what you and your brother stole from all four banks combined. 109. Marcus sips from his beer. Toby shifts the muzzle of his rifle discreetly in Marcus’s direction.
21) 15) dialog: Help me understand that ... Help me understand why four people died so you could steal money it don’t seem you've spent. That it don’t seem you need. Toby looks at Marcus, and his grin that begs for a fight. Beat.
21) 17) dialog: My partner had a family. A big one. They don’t have no pump jacks in their back yard. They’re gonna have to stretch a pension among the six of em.
21) 19) dialog: Yes you did. By setting this thing in motion. You expect me to believe your dim-witted brother planned all this? We’ve seen how he operated on his own. No, this was smart. This was you. 110. Beat. Toby looks over at a pump jack, undulating up and d drawing money from the earth with every revolution.
21) 24) dialog: I’m an old friend of your husband. Debbie recognizes Marcus instantly, but this isn’t her fi rodeo with playing dumb. 111.
21) 27) dialog: You don’t live here?
21) 29) dialog: Things you do for your kids, huh? Marcus rises.
21) 30) dialog: Well, I'd best be going. Toby stands as well.
21) 33) dialog: I‘1l do that. I haven’t figured this whole thing out yet ... But I will. Marcus looks over at the boys. Studies them.
21) 34) dialog: You as smart as your daddy? 112.
21) 36) dialog: Don ou underestimate him. 'ty d timate hi He looks back at Toby.
21) 37) dialog: I'll be seeing you.
21) 39) dialog: You’1l never be done with it. No matter what. That’s the price. It’s gonna haunt you, son. For the rest of your days. Marcus looks up to the sky, letting the autumn sun bathe face. MARCUS (CONT’D) But you won’t be alone. It’s gonna haunt me too.
21) 41) dialog: Maybe. Maybe I’1l give it to you.