2) 0) text: A burnt field, charred and smoking, whizzes by as the eng whines. We see two men: TOBY HANSON, late 30's, a kind face marked by years of su and disappointment, rides shotgun. It’s not the face of a thief, it is the face of a farmer. Behind the wheel is TANNER HANSON, 40, his brother’s oppo in every way: mustache, shaggy hair, an air of danger tha attracts as many women as it repels. He lights a smoke as Toby wipes sweat from his brow. Tanner grins from ear to ear.
2) 1) dialog: Just like the army. Doin’ more before nine a.m. than most folks do all goddam day. Toby looks straight ahead. They ride in silence for a mom Then Tanner explodes --
2) 2) dialog: 
2) 5) dialog: I go as easy on them as they go on me. Beat.
2) 8) dialog: I ain’t speeding. The cruiser races toward them. Tanner drives without a ca in the world. Toby is frozen to his seat, eyes tracking t car as it approaches. The cruiser whips by. Toby looks in the side mirror, cert the vehicle is going to turn around. It doesn’t.
2) 9) dialog: See, little brother? We ain’t got a worry in the world. Tanner takes a long pull from his cigarette, and looks ou over the black top.
2) 11) dialog: Shit, most people that do this don’t think to plan at all. ... You know, we're half way to Olney. Might as well put ourselves a day ahead. Toby looks exhausted. But it’s true. Tanner looks at him smiles.
2) 12) dialog: C'mon. Early bird gets the worm. Beat.
3) 5) text: I wonder if any of these is collector’s items. You could be sitting on a fortune here. We hear a JINGLE OF BELLS from the front door. In a flash pistol is pointed at the old man and a blurred image leap over the counter. TANNER, in ski mask, is now behind the teller, pistol to head. Toby appears beside the old man.
3) 6) dialog: Open the drawer. Her eyes go wide. She raises her hands to the sky.
3) 7) dialog: Put yer hands down and open the drawer. She does.
3) 12) dialog: Shut up.
3) 17) dialog: Oh, I am. Make no mistake. But I’m doing it anyway. Put your hands on the counter where I can see em, old man. Got a pistol on you?
3) 19) dialog: (Looks hard at Toby)Keep up with the circumstances, okay? Toby shakes his head at the scolding and frisks him, finds a snub nose .38 and sets it on the counter, out of the old man’s reach.
3) 21) dialog: (Pointing his pistol)I got my own gun --
3) 24) dialog: Like hell it is. They turn and run. The old man grabs shattering glass beside them as they
4) 1) dialog: Put the gun on the counter?? You liked to get us killed!
4) 3) dialog: You're turning out to be a poor criminal. Toby opens the trash bag, judging the take. This was a mu bigger haul.
4) 4) dialog: See what the early bird gets? Through the windshield we see field after field of cotton drab and stunted from the heat. Olney is far behind us no A tinge of relief on Toby’s face -- this may actually wor He leans his head back.
4) 5) dialog: (The gleam returns to Tanner’s eyes) Wanna head over to the branch in Jayton? Relief gone. 10.
4) 8) dialog: Hell, we could do this all week.
4) 10) dialog: Can’t nobody stop us ... We like the Comanches, little brother. Lords of the plains... Raiding where we please, with the whole of Texas huntin’ our shadow. Field after empty field fly by Toby’s window. He stares o over them. Tanner lights a smoke, draws in a deep drag.
4) 11) dialog: Lords of the plains. That’s us ... Toby looks in the direction of his greatest worry, who exhales smoke and smiles.
5) 0) text: The Camaro throws dust along the dirt road as it drives p a rotting house, various outbuildings, and a collapsing b A few skinny cattle try to eek out a meal from the dead grass. The Camaro drives past the barn, past a dried pond, and stops. Toby steps out of the Camaro. Climbs on a FRONT-END LOADE bulldozer in layman’s terms). Tanner drives the Camaro in ten-foot deep ditch. Beside the ditch are THIRTY PEACH TREES, their roots protected by burlap sacks. The bulldozer roars to life and begins pushing a large pi of red dirt. INT. BULLDOZER -- CONT. We look down on the blade holding two tons of dirt. Watch it releases the load, pounding the roof of the Camaro. We see Tanner carrying two duffels and the trash bags of money toward the sheet metal barn. Half-starved cattle watch with curiosity from the relativ shade of a mesquite tree. 13. EXT. SHEET METAL BARN -- CONT. Tanner pulls open the doors to the barn. Inside, we see T VEHICLES. A Chevy Blazer, an old Ford Taurus, and a ruste Ford pick up. Tanner tosses the duffels on the hood of the Taurus. Walk out of the barn carrying the bags of money. EXT. FRONT PORCH -- HANSON RANCH HOUSE -- A LITTLE LATER. Tanner sits, guzzling a beer, an unopened Bud in his lap. Toby walks up, Tanner tosses the beer to him.
5) 2) dialog: Who the hell gets drunk off beer?
5) 4) dialog: Ain’t my money. Toby begins stacking and counting the cash as he sips his beer.
5) 5) dialog: We oughta go hit the branch in Coleman before we change this money.
5) 7) dialog: It don’t make no sense to drive to Oklahoma, then drive all the way back to Coleman, then all the way back to Oklahoma when we could change all the money tonight.
5) 9) dialog: That’s what I said. 14. But Toby offers no explanation.
5) 10) dialog: Goddam that was fun ... Wasn’t it?
5) 12) dialog: You lying bastard. I saw you. You liked it ... looked like you were sproutin’ a little wood fer that teller in Olney too. That’s the problem with these baggy jeans -- can’t hide a hard hog against yer leg. Remind me to wear my wranglers if we start robbin’ high schools. Toby looks up.
5) 14) dialog: Call it what you want. It’s the most fun I’ve had with clothes on. I wouldn’t have missed this fer the world and two hookers. Toby looks at the stacks of money.
5) 16) dialog: Boy this place looks like shit. Tanner looks over the emaciated cattle in the field besid him. 15.
5) 17) dialog: Ain't a decent steak between the whole lot of those sorry sons of bitches. Toby watches his brother, senses the storm brewing. Knows silence is the best weapon against it. Tanner shakes his head at the crumbling house. For the fi time, he isn’t smiling. He jumps back on the porch and wa inside. Toby rubs his sunburned temples, sighs, then stands and follows. INT. HANSON RANCH HOUSE -- CONT. Toby comes through the front door. The furniture is at le thirty years old. Boxes are stacked everywhere. We see a SUIT laying across a chair at the dining room ta On the table is a PAMPHLET from a funeral -- black and wh photo of an old woman on the front. The color version of that photo hangs on the wall. Beside the pamphlet is a FIRST TAXES BANK folder with numerous loan papers sprawled around it. Tanner steps out from the kitchen. Looks around.
5) 18) dialog: You haven't done much cleaning.
5) 20) dialog: She died in the bedroom?
5) 22) dialog: Better get this out of here before your boys move in.
5) 24) dialog: She was in this bed a while, huh?
5) 26) dialog: I could've lent a hand if she'd asked. Could’ve fed them skinny cows at least.
5) 28) dialog: Well, could’ve cleaned up this house a bit. Toby almost smiles.
5) 30) dialog: No ... Just robbing banks. Beat.
5) 32) dialog: She could’ve asked. 17. Tanner finishes his beer, crushes the can, and tosses it the bed.
5) 33) dialog: Fuck her. She never wanted nothing to do with me anyway. Tanner walks out of the room, brushing past Toby. Toby looks at the beer can. He walks over, picks it up, a puts it on the night stand. EXT. RANCH HOUSE -- MOMENT LATER. Toby steps onto the porch. Finds Tanner leaning against a old corral fence. Toby gives his brother some distance.
5) 34) dialog: She leave a will? Beat.
5) 36) dialog: Was I in it? Silence. Tanner turns to his brother, who looks down at h boots, then dead into Tanner’s eyes.
5) 39) dialog: She damn sure meant it. Mama was like a dog that got kicked every time it was fed. (MORE )
5) 41) dialog: After a while she started to think the beatin’ was part of the meal. Hated me fer knowin’ the difference.
5) 43) dialog: No?
5) 45) dialog: Oh, I understood it. Tanner leans into Toby, resting his hand on his brother's neck.
5) 46) dialog: That's why I stopped fighting and shot that son of a bitch. They both lean on the fence, looking out over the parched field filled with mesquites -- the only plant mean enough survive in this place.
6) 0) text: Toby and Tanner sit at a table scarfing chicken fried ste Through the window we see a WEST TEXAS STATE BANK branch. They are no longer dressed in baggy, urban gangster wear, like the poor country boys they are. Aside from a few old timers sipping coffee in a distant booth, the diner is empty.
6) 1) dialog: You're boys know how rich they’re about to be?
6) 3) dialog: You take ‘em to the funeral? A beat as they chew their food.
6) 5) dialog: You haven’t told ‘em their grandmama died? (Toby just eats) When’s the last time you saw ‘em? Beat.
6) 7) dialog: That was last year. And that'll do it for Toby’s appetite. He sets his fork d 25.
6) 9) dialog: Want a little advice?
6) 11) dialog: Go see ‘em tomorrow. In case this don’t work out, at least they’1l have a chance to do something if we get popped -- lord knows your spider of an ex-wife won’t let this go without a fight.
6) 13) dialog: You got enough in your front pocket to fix that problem.
6) 15) dialog: So add one. Toby looks at his plate.
6) 17) dialog: I ain’t never met nobody who got away with anything. Ever. Have you? 26. Tanner smiles. Wipes his mouth with his napkin and tosses on his plate.
6) 18) dialog: I gotta shit like an old goat. Grab the check and meet me out front. And Tanner’s off. Toby swirls his almost empty tea, watching the few remain ice cubes travel around the bottom of the cup.
6) 23) dialog: Sure is quiet in here.
6) 25) dialog: Open that drawer and take out the fives, tens, and twentys. Fan em out in front of me like a deck of cards. She does as he says. Looks at him, almost hyperventilatin
6) 26) dialog: Your purse down there?
6) 28) dialog: Don’t want your money, darlin’. He smiles a toothy grin through the mask.
6) 29) dialog: I want your driver’s license. Hand it over. She fumbles for her purse, retrieves it. Hands him the license.
6) 31) dialog: Depends. If you call the police -- Tanner looks over his shoulder to a glass office, a man sitting behind the desk, facing away from us.
6) 32) dialog: Or say anything to him, (He holds up the license) I’m gonna drive to your house and kill everyone I find. Understand? She frantically nods ‘yes’.
6) 33) dialog: Good girl. He smiles, his eyes lingering over her young body, watchi her breasts heave with every panicked breath.
6) 34) dialog: You’re lucky I’m on a schedule. He turns and walks out. The girl leans back on her stool, gasping for air. 28. INT. DINER -- CONT.
6) 45) dialog: Start the car. Toby puts it together.
6) 48) dialog: Bet you don’t owe this much in child support. in. He doesn’t. Toby collapses his head against the seat.
6) 50) dialog: You’re welcome. INT. WEST TEXAS STATE BANK -- A FEW MOMENTS LATER. The bank manager walks toward the teller, his head in a f 30.
6) 57) dialog: That one looks crooked, Toby. Could be a dead giveaway. 31. Tanner chuckles at his own joke. Toby marches toward the house.
6) 59) dialog: I‘ll still be drinking first thing tomorrow. How bout third thing? Toby storms off toward the house. Tanner empties his beer Tosses it on the ground, still laughing at his own joke a cracks open another. His smile disappears. With no one watching, his bravado leaves him too. He no longer looks dangerous. Just lonely ...
7) 0) text: Tanner drives as Toby rides shotgun. Country music keeps company. The air between them is thick. Tanner slows and turns onto a dirt road.
7) 2) dialog: Casino ain't going nowhere. I need a few things (Off Toby’s look). My trailer’s right up here. Toby stews as the Blazer bounces down the dirt road. They turn onto an easement and come to a bump gate -- a spring mounted gate one bumps with the grill of a car, forcing the gate to open and very slowly close as a vehic passes through. They hit it, it pops back and they pull through.
7) 4) dialog: Jeremy Chalker’s. Let’s me keep it here in exchange for killing coyotes. And any poachers who should wander this way. Tanner winks at him. They bounce past mesquites and junip and come to a tattered trailer. It is missing a rear whee the axle propped level with stacked wood. It is faded and filthy. A portable generator sits beside as do propane tanks and gas cans. The Blazer stops. Tanner hops out.
7) 5) dialog: Come on in. Tanner disappears into the trailer. INT. TRAILER -- CONT. Toby steps into the ‘living area’. It is absolutely filth Clothes, fast food bags, empty beer cans everywhere. Toby almost holds his nose as he looks around.
7) 6) dialog: There’s cold beer in the fridge. Toby goes to the fridge and grabs one. Anything to beat t stifling heat, made worse by standing in this tin box. 37. Toby notices a shelf that runs just beneath the ceiling. it are framed photos of them as boys, as teenagers, as yo men. They are the only things that are not broken or in disarray. He moves closer. Looks at them. One in particular: Tanner Toby on the front porch of the ranch house with their mot - her cold, unforgiving gaze, tempered by Toby's expressionless face, and Tanner -- all smiles. Toby looks at it, his face now washed with regret.
7) 7) dialog: She looks meaner’n hell in that one, don’t she?
7) 9) dialog: That's cuz I was standing next to her. Grab this for me, will you? He hands a duffel bag to Toby. The weight of it jerks Tob arm down.
7) 10) dialog: Toss it in the truck, I'll be right out. Toby exits and Tanner opens a small closet door, grabs an 15 assault rifle, and a scoped 30-06 ... EXT. TANNER’S TRAILER -- CONT. Toby tosses the bag in the back. Unzips it: ammo cans. Tanner walks out of the trailer carrying two rifle cases.
7) 12) dialog: They're my livelihood. Can’t just leave ‘em in the trailer for days on end.
7) 14) dialog: No one now. Tanner places them in the back then climbs in the driver' seat. Toby turns and looks at the trailer -- This is how his brother lives. All he has to show for for two years of life. Toby shakes his head, all anger gone. in its place. He climbs in the Blazer, looks at his brother.
7) 15) dialog: What?
7) 18) dialog: Winston lights and a Dr. Pepper. Toby walks off. A NEW DODGE CHALLENGER, Painted to look vaguely like the Dukes of Hazard vehicle, pulls up in all soulless pretension. Behind the wheel is the post-modern version of white tras in his 20’s: head shaved, MMA tank top, and a mountain of attitude. How this dickhead afforded this car in the first place is mystery. Tanner looks over at him. The young punk stares back.
7) 22) dialog: Boy, you'd think there was ten of me.
7) 26) dialog: Look at you, got a little spunk left in you yet. Toby bends over and picks up the pistol.
7) 27) dialog: And even remembered the gun. You’re becoming an old hand at this. 40.
7) 29) dialog: Not the way it would've gone, little brother. Toby climbs in the passenger seat. Tanner starts the engi as the punk slowly comes to and looks up at Tanner, his broken nose bleeding profusely.
7) 30) dialog: Ten of me. I told you. Tanner slams the Blazer in gear and they pull back on the road. INT. WEST TEXAS STATE BANK -- NIGHT. The teller is being comforted by two of her friends. A fe VERNON PD OFFICERS mill about. One receives a radio call. listens then approaches the teller.
8) 0) text: Toby drives, Tanner is sprawled out in the front seat. Ye lines race underneath the hood in the dim glow of the headlights.
8) 1) dialog: What does Justin want to do when he’s grown?
8) 3) dialog: That’s what did me in.
8) 5) dialog: Bet that puckers yer red eye. Toby smiles.
8) 7) dialog: Forty two years of life, ten of em in prison ... If he’ll just turn left where I turned right, he’1l be okay. George Strait comes through the speakers.
8) 8) dialog: “COLD FORT WORTH BEER, JUST AIN'T
8) 10) dialog: “I TRIED IT NIGHT AFTER NIGHT.” 48. Toby tries to suppress a grin. Beat.
8) 12) dialog: Cuz you asked, little brother. Toby looks at Tanner -- a living testament to self destruction -- and absorbs both the simplicity and weight the statement. The neon lights of THE COMANCHE RED RIVER CASINO invade t night sky and flood the road with yellows, reds, and gree Tanner comes to life at the sight.
8) 13) dialog: My God that’s pretty. How we entertained ourselves before they let Indians open casinos, I'll never know.
8) 15) dialog: Blackjack’s for old women. I’11l leave that to you -- hold ‘em, baby. TEXAS HOLD ‘EM YOU SONS OF
9) 0) text: The chimes of slot machines fills the air as does the ene of people desperate to win what they can’t earn. Toby and Tanner stand in line to check in. Tanner is almo childlike with anticipation.
9) 2) dialog: Get drunk with me.
9) 4) dialog: 
9) 7) dialog: We’re gonna remember this forever, Toby. Tanner smiles like a child.
9) 9) dialog: Well, it’s gonna be. It’s their turn. An attractive front desk clerk greets th
9) 11) dialog: We do not -- dear lord, look at you --(Pretends to adjust a neck tie) we would be obliged if you would provide us accommodations, though we failed to call ahead. The clerk smiles.
9) 14) dialog: Lords of the Plains. Tanner grabs a copy. 50.
9) 15) dialog: We'll take this too. You Comanche?
9) 17) dialog: Is that right. His eyes penetrate her, she blushes.
9) 21) dialog: How bout we leave Mastercard out of it. He winks at her.
9) 23) dialog: The worst kind, darlin’. In your last days at the nursing home, you'll think of me and giggle. She doesn’t wait for the nursing home -- she’s giggling n
10) 0) text: We stare into a shot glass. It’s raised and thrown toward past us. We turn around and watch Toby and Tanner slam sh glasses on the counter. Toby winces, Tanner could drain a bottle. 51.
10) 1) dialog: NOW WE’RE TALKING.
10) 3) dialog: Man, look at the women in this son of a bitch. We take a look around and have no idea who Tanner is referring to. The women we see are either obese or beaten the sun and alcohol to the point they look leather.
10) 5) dialog: Let’s get another shot... They’1l be pretty soon enough. BARTENDER!
10) 7) dialog: To your boys. And the future we’re giving ‘em. Toby reluctantly raises his glass. Tanner touches his to Toby’s. Then slams it back.
10) 8) dialog: Let’s change this money and have some fun.
12) 4) dialog: Take your own advice.
12) 6) dialog: You wanna come to the poker table? Can’t no one lose money at poker, not even you.
12) 8) dialog: Suit yerself. And Tanner’s off. Toby looks around. He heads to the bar. Orders a beer and looks out over the casino. INT. COMANCHE RED RIVER CASINO -- POKER TABLE -- NIGHT. Tanner is at the no limit hold ‘em table, an enormous sta of chips before him -- he’s almost doubled his money. Cards are dealt. Tanner peaks at his. Pocket Cowboys. The betting starts. Everyone calling the initial bet of $200.00. Everyone but Tanner, who raises to a thousand. All eyes are on him. He meets them with a ‘try me’ look. do. The chips are pushed toward him. He smiles. A winner ... INT. COMANCHE RED RIVER CASINO -- BAR -- NIGHT. Toby sits at the bar, watching a football game. Beside hi sits a woman, clearly a hooker, though a decent looking o 56. She stares at his chip trays. She slides a few bar stools toward him.
12) 16) dialog: Don’t chase me, chief. I’m already there. Mirrored shades stare back. ‘Chief’ didn’t sit well. He raises him 500. Tanner laughs and calls. The dealer tosses the river card: a five of diamonds. Tan knows he just got beat. So does the BIG MAN.
12) 19) dialog: You Comanche? The BIG MAN nods.
12) 20) dialog: Lords of the Plains.
12) 22) dialog: I bet a thousand. Beat.
12) 24) dialog: I know. 58.
12) 26) dialog: Be careful. The BIG MAN knows the raise was an apology. He also knows he raises, he’ll have to fight this lunatic for his life.
12) 29) dialog: What’s the Comanche word for warrior? The BIG MAN smiles.
12) 31) dialog: I’m a warrior too.
12) 33) dialog: Doing okay so far. Tanner grabs his chip trays and rises. The BIG MAN puts h sunglasses back on.
12) 35) dialog: Enemies with who?
12) 37) dialog: Know what that makes me?
12) 39) dialog: No. Tanner leans across the table, inches from the BIG MAN’s face. Whispers like he’s telling him a secret.
12) 40) dialog: It makes me a Comanche. Tanner looks into the mirrored shades, his own reflection staring back. He rises and walks away. INT. COMANCHE RED RIVER CASINO -- BAR -- NIGHT. The hooker sits next to Toby now, pressing her bare leg against him. He isn’t used to women this attractive who a this aggressive. He teeters between wariness and fascinat
12) 53) dialog: Tryin’ to work my little brother, are you? As an astute judge of character, she knows instantly what kind of man she is now dealing with, and acts accordingly which is to say submissive and scared to death.
12) 55) dialog: But but but. You spied that stack of chips and saw an easy mark -- don’t get me wrong, no one likes a whore more than I do( he pulls her close), But those are my chips, you wanna try and steal from me? She shakes her head ‘no’. 61.
12) 57) dialog: Gonna get him in a room and what, call your pimp and roll him? Drug him, what?
12) 60) dialog: Where is he? Where’s the man that holds your leash? No one in the bar fits the bill. The bartender watches th while pretending he isn’t.
12) 61) dialog: Maybe we'll just sample the goods real quick. Tanner peals off a couple of hundreds from his wad, works hand up her dress, looking her in the eye, while he runs money inside her underwear. Toby stands up. Grabs Tanner’s arm and pulls it back.
12) 63) dialog: (Into her ear) Merry Christmas. She steps back from both of them, turns, and hauls ass.
12) 65) dialog: Call me!(whips Around to Toby) What are you doing?
12) 67) dialog: It’s been a challenge (Sizes up his brother) Let’s go change it back then ... Fun’s all over now.
12) 69) dialog: Well you’re goddam makin’ sure of that. Tanner walks off. Toby scans the bar, exhales, then reluctantly follows. INT. COMANCHE RED RIVER CASINO -- CHIP WINDOW -- NIGHT. They cash in their chips, now totalling twenty nine thous dollars.
12) 75) dialog: I think that’s one hell of an idea. Toby turns back and follows Tanner’s gaze to the pretty h clerk -- now in street clothes -- smiling at Tanner, and walking toward him.
14) 0) text: Toby brushes his teeth as Tanner lays in bed, the hotel c beside him, reading LORD OF THE PLAINS.
14) 1) dialog: Boy, you Comanches were the real deal. (MORE )
14) 3) dialog: (To Toby) You wanna hear what they did to the people they took captive?
14) 5) dialog: Damn right you don’t. Not a inch of mercy in them. (To the girl) You gonna show me any mercy, darlin’?
14) 9) dialog: What do you call that? Toby knows there will be no sleep with this a bed over. H sits up, pulls his jeans back on ... EXT. COMANCHE RED RIVER CASINO -- NIGHT. Toby walks through the parking lot, past semi’s and motor homes, toward the edge of the prairie. From here, it exte out forever. He walks through the grass, looking up at the same stars Marcus pondered. Looks back at the casino, its harsh neon lights violating the horizon. He turns back to the solace of the dark plains, and keeps walking ... 65. EXT. BEST WESTERN -- VERNON, TEXAS -- DAWN. Marcus sits in a cheap lawn chair in front of the motel, watching the sun come up over the highway. A few trucks blast by as he watches. The motel room door opens. PARKER stands in boxers and a shirt.
14) 19) dialog: You got plates for it?
14) 21) dialog: New Mexico works. Don’t report this stolen till Friday.
14) 23) dialog: How is it?
14) 25) dialog: He’s got New Mexico plates for it, though. Toby takes that in.
14) 27) dialog: We’re in business. 67. Buster walks off to start the paperwork. Tanner goes to t Blazer, grabs the duffel and the rifle cases, and tosses in the Grand Am.
14) 29) dialog: You okay seeing Debbie by yourself?
14) 31) dialog: Oh, the oil man’s the enemy, make no mistake, he just ain’t ours.
14) 33) dialog: I’ll be there.
15) 63) dialog: 
15) 67) dialog: 
15) 69) dialog: How were your boys? Toby points to the rifles.
15) 71) dialog: Insurance. If we can’t get enough from the branch in Jayton, we're gonna have to hit the one in Post. Post is a long way from home. The branch in Childress, well, can’t hit the branch there. For obvious reasons. And if you don’t want to hit the branch in Coleman ...
15) 74) dialog: We’re running two cars on the next one, brother. They’1l ride with me. You head to the casino in Riudoso and I’ll head north. They’re looking for two. No one robs a bank in separate cars ... It’s smart, Toby. Beat.
15) 76) dialog: It’s not to like, just to do. Toby points to the rifles.
15) 78) dialog: They’re ready to go. When you pay that loan officer he’s gotta give you a form that shows a release of lien or something.
15) 80) dialog: You fax it over, and you’re done.
15) 82) dialog: Waitin’ on you. EXT. RAYBURN LAW OFFICE -- SEYMOUR, TEXAS -- DAY. Tanner and Toby sit across from BILLY RAYBURN, 40'S, lawy handsome, and wearing the West Texas version of a suit: Jeans, blazer, and boots. Billy hands Toby a stack of papers. 76.
15) 88) dialog: And you can’t tell nobody nuthin’, right?
15) 93) dialog: How much you gonna make off this deal? 77.
15) 95) dialog: Then why do it? He looks at Tanner.
15) 97) dialog: Since ... I don’t know. Always.
16) 0) text: Toby and Tanner sit on the porch, staring at the stars as pack of coyotes whimpers and yips somewhere in the distan
16) 1) dialog: Thinking about tomorrow?
16) 3) dialog: That little hotel clerk. Why’s it always the sweet ones that’s such devils when you get ‘em revved up?
16) 5) dialog: That's right. You like ‘em pissed off and looking for someone they can blame it on. Toby smiles.
16) 7) dialog: This is a good thing you’re doing. You know that?
16) 10) dialog: I’ll be as gentle as young nurse. Tanner stands up, stretches, and yawns. 81.
16) 11) dialog: Wake me up at five.
17) 0) text: The crickets are chirping so loud, it echoes off the old, stone building. It doesn’t appear Marcus has moved in hou still staring out over the square. Across the way, PARKER carrying his suitcase into a motel. Marcus takes out his can of Copenhagen, packs it, and pla a pinch in his cheek. Ready for a long night of reflectio INT. HANSON RANCH HOUSE -- KITCHEN -- NIGHT. The wall clock says ten after five in the morning. Toby s dressed like a gang banger, pistol and three magazines fo on the table. He sips coffee as Tanner walks in dressed t same.
17) 1) dialog: I’ll never understand how those gang bangers can walk around with their pants like this, dangling off their asses. No wonder they always get caught when they run from the police. Toby slides him a cup of coffee. Tanner sits. They drink their coffee in silence.
17) 3) dialog: Yeah. Breakfast sounds good. Toby stands and heads to the fridge. Pulls out bacon and carton of eggs. Crosses over to the stove. Tanner watches brother as he cooks. 82.
17) 4) dialog: Did you do this for mama?
17) 6) dialog: Did you used to cook breakfast for your boys? Toby stops.
17) 8) dialog: You do the bacon first, then the eggs in the grease, right?
18) 6) dialog: We gotta hit the branch in Post.
18) 8) dialog: We don’t got a choice. Gotta have that money to the branch in Childress before they close tomorrow. Toby shakes his head as he pulls off his mask.
18) 10) dialog: Pattern’s the same as it is everywhere. All these towns is dead. Post ain’t no different. Let's go. They turn and walk out of frame, leaving us to stare at t closed bank in a closed town. INT. T BONE’S CAFE -- DAY. Marcus and PARKER sit sipping coffee, looking over a map Texas.
18) 23) dialog: Little bit. Look at the bank though. Not a car in front of it.
18) 25) dialog: Gotta take the hundreds this time.
18) 27) dialog: Yep. They park in front of the bank. No other cars around. We watch from a distance as they get out and hurry inside, pulling on their masks. We DOLLY down a side street, now looking at the bank’s re wall. We CONTINUE until we are looking at First Texas Ban parking lot. Which is full. INT. FIRST TEXAS BANK -- POST, TEXAS -- CONT. We stare at Toby and Tanner who stand frozen. We see what they see -- Two dozen people staring at them. Frozen as well. No one moves. No one knows what to do. Then it all happen a blur.
18) 28) dialog: 
18) 31) text: Tanner raises his pistol, pointing it frantically at everyone. All the people hit the deck. Toby is cemented to the plac where he stands. Tanner jumps the counter, pressing his gun hard to the fa of the teller.
18) 32) dialog: Open the drawers! Every teller open their drawer and take three steps back. Tanner spots his brother not moving.
18) 33) dialog: 
18) 35) dialog: All of ya’1ll on your fucking knees. NOW. All the tellers drop to their knees.
18) 38) dialog: Let's go! EXT. FIRST TEXAS BANK -- POST, TEXAS -- CONT. Toby and Tanner push through the doors and are met by a h of gunfire. The windows behind them shatter as they fire back and duc behind the Grand Am, which is taking a beating.
18) 41) dialog: IT AIN'T. IT’S THE WHOLE FUCKING TOWN SHOOTIN’ AT US! Sure enough, across the road, hidden behind pickups, are locals with deer rifles, shotguns, whatever was in the gu rack when they heard shooting inside the bank. Tanner unl the passenger door, lays against the seat, and sticks the in the ignition. Cranks it to life. Folds the seat forwar
18) 42) dialog: Get in. Toby dives in as the windows of the Pontiac shatter. Tann lays on the passenger seat, slams the car in reverse and his hand to press the gas pedal to the floor, his feet st hanging out the open door. The car races backwards as gunfire pulverizes the vehicle When the Pontiac is at a somewhat safer distance, we see disappear, the passenger door close, and the Grand Am is angrily around and slammed into drive, hauling ass down t street. Locals climb in their trucks to give chase. INT. GRAND AM -- CONT. Toby is panicking. Can't catch his breath. He’s hyperventilating. Tanner is as calm as he was at the poke table. 89.
18) 43) dialog: Man, those concealed carry permits sure complicate a bank robbery, don’t they?
18) 45) dialog: Hey. We ain’t out of this, and I need you focused. Believe me when I say: this is where the rubber meets the road, little brother.
18) 47) dialog: And let me tell you something, we ain't through with that yet. You want to be anything but a black mark on your sons then I need you mountain lion mean, you understand me? Tanner looks in the rearview mirror and sees a half dozen pick ups and sedans coming up behind him.
18) 48) dialog: Hold on. Tanner slams on the brakes. The Grand Am’s tires smoke an scream as the car comes to a stop in the middle of the ro EXT. GRAND AM -- HWY 308 -- CONT. Tanner walks to the trunk, unlocks it, takes out the AR 1 and walks down the center of the highway toward the oncom vehicles. He raises the rifle to his shoulder and sprays the vehicl with thirty bullets in less than a second. All the vehicles slam to a stop as bullets pound into the windshields, their hoods, their grills. The vehicles are instantly in reverse and beating a hasty retreat as Tanner drops the empty magazine, slams home another, and peppers the fleeing vehicles again. He turns and gets back in the Pontiac. The door closes and the Pontiac speeds away. EXT. HWY 308 -- DAY. The Pontiac pulls along side the Blazer. Toby opens and gets out.
18) 49) dialog: Needless to say, don’t take the highway back through Post. Head south. South, then west, got it?
18) 51) dialog: No we're not. Get to the Casino and change the money. Head north through New Mexico to the interstate. You take 287 back to Childress. Like we planned. Like you planned. This was your plan, and it’s worked every step of the way. Trust it.
18) 54) dialog: Hand those to me. He hands the baggy clothes to his brother. Tanner tosses in the back seat. Toby climbs in the Blazer.
18) 56) dialog: Hey ... I love you ... I mean that, Toby. 91. Toby stares at his brother, shocked by the words.
18) 58) dialog: Can’t nobody write a country song worth a shit no more. He begins singing one himself -- a VERY OLD TEX RITTER SO
18) 59) dialog: 
18) 62) dialog: 
18) 80) text: Tanner lights a cigarette and watches the madness through scope of his rifle.
18) 81) dialog: The whole town come out for the show. What do you think of that ...
19) 12) dialog: This ain’t much of a gun fight. Tanner considers pulling the trigger when one Trooper rac through the open from one vehicle to another.
19) 13) dialog: Gonna have to come after me at some point. In the distance he sees more police vehicles approaching what looks to be a S.W.A.T. van.
19) 14) dialog: Now we're talking. Tanner reaches for a cigarette.
19) 15) dialog: I think I got time for one more. He places a cigarette in his mouth. Flicks his lighter. EXT. RIDGE LINE -- CONT. 96. We watch the lone tree THROUGH A RIFLE SCOPE and hear the labored breathing of a man far too old to crest hills lik the one he just climbed.
19) 25) text: Tanner draws on his smoke, relishing it. Looking down on scampering police below him.
19) 26) dialog: Won't be long now. Tanner nods with satisfaction.
19) 27) dialog: Lord of the plains. He takes a drag.
19) 28) dialog: That’s me. He exhales. A strange feeling comes over him. He senses something ... WE LOOK THROUGH THE SCOPE. We see Tanner turn his face toward us -- cross hairs just above his head -- looking right into the lens. The trigger is pulled. We hear the rifle roar. See the mu flash through the scope. Tanner's face drops to the dirt. Lifeless. INT. INDIAN CASINO -- RIUDOSA, NEW MEXICO -- NIGHT. Toby stands at the check in counter, exhausted. The clerk pecks in a computer.
21) 14) text: I know why Tanner did it. He robbed those banks cuz he liked it. He shot my partner three hundred yards away cuz he liked it. Made him feel good. And if I hadn’t blown his shit-for-brains out, there’d be a brand new truck parked out front and four wheelers and anything else he could think to buy. He’d spend it all just to have an excuse to steal some more. But not you... Painting this old house yourself. Driving that beat up truck. Nothing new I can see, ‘cept those pump jacks and each of ‘em paying you a week what you and your brother stole from all four banks combined. 109. Marcus sips from his beer. Toby shifts the muzzle of his rifle discreetly in Marcus’s direction.