0) 2) text: ra 2 FULL SHOT - THE TREE Boy, is,in top,of, tall tree, Giraffe's lo : nek allows fis head to stick into tree eo8. : . 9) Buli, the baby elephant, in b.g.
0) 6) text: Boy, Cheeta and elephant race through forest. Tarzan's call heard again - nearcr, this time. : MUSIC CONTINUES. (Music should be. cued to cle- phent's pace so as to work naturally and unob- Cy trusively into swimming ballet later.) Ne ISSOLVE TOs
0) 8) text: € FULL SHOT - TARZAN'S POOL A small lake, set in woods, Sunny, picturescue, The elephant.’ with Boy and Cheeta races ius scene, Hoy leaps from elephant's back and quickly climbs tree, Cheeta leaves elephant's back by grabbing low limb of tree and swinging up on it, Buli continues on into water.
0) 11) text: Tarzan glides. pack up to surface, Jane follows sane curve. Boy follows her, (It is a game of tullow-the-leader ~- Tarzan being the leader, All movements in rhythm - to music,)
0) 13) text: ‘Tarzan glides under water, Jane and Boy follow,
0) 16) text: 13-17 18 19-21 ” 83 24 UNDERWATEX, ROUTINE — Tarzan, Jane, and Boy, keeping rhythm, go through such’ routines as are possible - slow - rolls, loops, cartwheels, vertical figure-83's ete. “A giant turtle swims in and out of Scene, Tarzan glides back up to surface, Jane and Boy follow, Suli swims above them, his belly and legs showing in Shot, Tarzan, *Jane, and Boy swim through Buli's legs.
0) 18) text: Jane eateches up with Tarzan, clings to his heels, Boy catches up with Jane, holds on to her heels. They go into their locomotive routine, Tarzan leads them under water again,
0) 19) text: Tarzan glides down to bottom of pool, Jane and Boy still in tow, Giant turtle érosses path, Boy makes grab at turtle, misses, Turtle appears again, Boy leaves dane’ and Tarzan, chases turtle. (Use here Stock Shata of Tarzan and Jane in routine together.) “Tarzan and Jane head-for surface,
0) 20) text: hoy ohunos turtle, (He can catch turtle, if ‘subsequent business will work moe euully) Turtle leuda Boy into cave, 45-41
0) 25) text: Tarzan (grinning - comes up from water) Buli happy, Cheeta happy. - Jane happy? (he squirts water at her) Jane (hollers): Tarzan} Please} Tarzan (bigger grin) Tarzan happy. Boy comes up out of water,
0) 27) text: 25-x2 CONTINUED. (2) , 5 Boy (ss he climbs benk) Hey! Look whet I found. . . ; (shows a handful of the bright stones) Shiny stones. Real heavy ones, too. dust right for my sling. He pulls his sling out of his belt and lets fly at a gicnt turtle across pool. The turtle hit, bothered, slins into water. gang's attention is ettracted by the stoncs 1 Boy's hand. Jane (to Boy) Boy - let me look at those stones a moment. (Boy gives her stones, she examines them carefully) Where'd you find them? Boy Down in the bottoin of the pool. Jane (holds up stones) They're gold ~ gold nuggets. Boy (puzzled) Gold? Tarzan comes over, takes a squint at the nuggets. Tarzan Nuggets? Jane (nodding) They're lumps of 2 very precious metal. Tarzan (gestures toward skyline) More nuggets up mountain. Big nuggcts. Jane (siniling) Frobably a rich vein. If posple in the outside world ever found there was gold cn the escerpuenty oe they'd warm up here like on ormy of ants. . Boy Why, Mother? ‘ Jone In civilization, durling, you ean buy anything you~ want with gold -- olmest. Jane drops a nugget. Cheeta picks it up, tries to crack it with her teoth like a nut.
0) 39) text: A beautiful nook walled with fruit trees; vines, and flower bushes. A tree thick with orchids, and a vine hung with giant grapes can be seens In the middle of the enclosure, a small, hot spring of clear water is bubbling. Over the spring is swung a rod ~ like the rod over a barbecue pit ~ a contrivance for cook- ing in the spring. Near the spring is a small table; on it are wooden knives, wooden dishes» etce : In the deep shades at one side of the enclo- sure, is a rough-hewn picnic table and benches The place looks like what it is - Tarzan's garden retreate In beg. Buli carries bench into place by table. As scene opens, Jane is just finishing ~. - garnishing the fish with various herbs and condiments.e She then encases the fish by taping with cords the top half of the squash to the bottom half. Boy (pushing barbecue rod into ‘ ~ position) But, Mother, why do people in civil-+in civil-- - Jane Civilization. . . Boy Yese Why do they have to buy clothes and food and houses - why? Jane : Darling, I honestly don't know. It's a problem thoy've been trying to sottle for hundreds of : years, and they haven't settled it yet - at least thoy hadn't when I left. , . (Jane lowers fish into boiling spring, using barbecue rod, and calls to Cheeta on other side of spring) Are the eggs nearly done, Cheeta? Cheatas who le watching the flow of sand through an hour-glass mado of shelle, shakes her head vigorously
0) 58) text: Dinner is over, Jane is stacking up the dirty dishes, Boy is eating giant grapes from bowl on table,
0) 68) text: Tarzan (grins - gives Jane one of his rock=crushing hugs) Tarzan have Jane, Jane (laughing) You have me all right - : (squirms in his embrace = still laughing) -- You'll have me in a thousand pieces in a minute, (Tarzan relaxes his grip - she kisses hia lightly, saying as she kisses him) That's for the orchid -- (she kisses him a second time - not so Lightly) -- And that's for being’ Tarzan. She breaks away from Tarzan, | Boy (shuffling his feet ~ a little embarrassed at the show of affection) Let's walk over to civil'zation tonight, Hother, before we go to bed = will you? Jane (smiling) I think, darling, you've had a long, busy day al- ready, and if you don't mind you're going straight home and say your prayers and go to bed -= (calis Cheeta) Cheeta! Cheeta! Cheeta enters, Jane gives him stack of dishes, Jane (to Cheeta) Take these to the brook, Cheeta - and don't break them ~ Be careful, (smiling as Cheeta exits) And ne jugyling - nenembor,
0) 89) dialog: Boy is writing a note on a large papyrus leaf with charcoal pencil.
0) 90) text: "Gone to see civilzashun. Back tomorrov. Boy" He signs his name with a little flourish. MiD. CLOSE SHOT - AT TABLE Boy props ub note where it will be obvious, Slips half-a-dozen gold nuggets into a socket inside his loin cloth, and tiptoes. to window and climbs through.
1) 0) text: Boy comes through window. Wear window is a vine rope rigged to a wooden pulley. Boy erabs vine, and holding ou to ity, slowly, a stone ied to the othe: e as gn counterewoight. fo then owes stonn, and slips stealtnily off.
1) 7) text: Little Buli is lying aslecp. Suddenly he Nua a dott adit ebtimbsa bo Wty Lube  loy enters scene. uli valses his trunk and is aboub to Lrumpet a gravblusy but boy grabs it and puts his hand over the tip of the trunk. nar itis.
1) 11) text: Cheeta leaps up on elephant and puts her arms around Boy. Soy turns in annoyance. Boy ( in a whisper ) Go back, Cheeta. Go home. (he pushes Cheeta) Please, Cheeta - you have to go home. Cheeta drops to ground, and watches sorrowe fully as Boy and Buli disappear. Hoy waves goodbye at edge of woods.
1) 12) text: She looks mournfully back toward tree-house, then toward woods where Boy and Buli disap- peared.
1) 29) text: JISSOLV.i TO: WIDE ANGLE » 2XT, @SCARPMINT - DAY - al CHASN The chasm is a narrow gorge, its sides rising steeply from @.turbulent stream far below. Close to eage of ravine, is a strip of various trees.. One tree, slender, bemboo-iike, has been blown ovsr and lies across the zsorge. Boy and Buli ride into scene. As they come to the edge of the gorge, Boy dismounts, his ayes light on the fallen tree, and he walks toward it, Buli trotting behind,
1) 32) text: Boy and Puli enter scene. Boy (to Buli) You'll have to go back, Buli, You couldn't cross on this bridge.
1) 34) text: Boy Cheeta! You-think you're pretty smart, don't you, following me. Well, you can just so back with Buli. Cheeta starts whimpering and begging to be teken along. A lion's roav is heard off, Boy turns quickly toward woods. “ WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUD WOODS IN 4.4, 4 lion comes boundin? out of woods. Boy hurriedly clinos the nearest trec. Cheeta scrambles up efter him. uli takes a look at the lion and runs off. The lion rushes to tree, roars up at Boy end Cheetus
1) 46) text: Lion climbs tree, moves out on. limb after Boy, Boy and Chéeta scramble out to end of limb, the lion after them, Boy, cornered, leaps with aid of vine to nearby tree. Cheeta swings with him, ‘The lion keeps after them, walking a vine stretched tight-rope fashion between the two trees. Boy, cornered again, swings down from tree on vine barely escaping lion, Cheeta swings with him,
1) 47) text: Boy races for chasm, Cheeta at his heels, The lion leaps down "from tree, starts after them, The lion is overtaking "them when Buli comes bellowing out of woods and charges lion, The lion turns to face Buli.
1) 49) text: Buli disappears in woods. Boy and Cheeta - saved ~ reach tree stretched across chusm, They start across it, swinging hand ever hand, The lion recovers, resumes chase.
1) 67) text: He looks down the gorge and whistles his re- lief at his escape, Cheeta covers her eyes ~ she can't bear to look. Boy then looks across at lions
1) 69) dialog: Holding on by a few jutting bushes, Boy and Cheeta manage to climb to the top of the gorges
1) 72) text: Boy and Cheeta thread their way through woods, Boy seems a very small boy in a massive world of giant trees.
1) 73) text: Boy stops, looks off. CAMERA STOPS. Boy (to Cheeta) at those ostriches, Cheeta. Cheeta stops, looks.
1) 86) text: MED. SHOT - A CLEsRING IN YOODS - STOCK Several ostriches are feeding. CLOSE SHOT - BOY AND CHEETs They look off toward ostriches. Boy I bet they could take us to civilization in a hurry. Cheeta exits toward ostriches. our
1) 88) dialog: laughing. Boy Hey, come back here, Cheeta.
1) 123) text: Boy runninge
1) 127) text: CLOSEUP OF BOY Ti TRIS
1) 131) text: BOY GtANTS TO TULL VINE leonn. from trog in praparias to owing offe
1) 157) dialog: SHOOTING past dummy head of rhino. CLOSE 'UP - BOY . in tree. He has pulled vine loose from tree; yells to Tumboe Boy where you ere! I'll get you out! Atter reading line he prepares to swing away from trees
1) 170) dialog: Rhino about to run over him. Poy jumps out of scene in nick of time. . GHS - 38rd Part)
1) 193) dialog: land on limb in trees. out
1) 194) text: Boy and Tumbo swinging safely up into tree.
1) 196) text: Rhino turns about and starts back toward boys. M2D. CLOSE SHOT - THS FOYS IN TRas The boys see the rhino charging toward them. Boy grabs a vine, shows Tumbo how to hold on to it and they both swing out of shot. Cheeta remains behind. WH HE. the rhino snorting and pawing the ground at the foot of the tree.
1) 206) text: Tarzan No.3 . . 24 Gree 103 CONTINUED (2) Tumbo pays no attention to gold = he looks up at Boy, deep gratitude on his face, He speaks to Boy in dialect. Tumbo (in dialect) : (I owe my Life to you. I thank you with all my bein. (his sincerity is obvious from the tone of his voice) Boy, puzzled, listens, There is a slight pause as Boy’ puts gold back in his pocket, en Tumbo solemnly puts out his hand, links e little finger of his right hand in "little Seen of Boy's left. He raises the linked fingers up to the level of his chin. Tumbo (solemnly - he is telling Boy he is his friend) Muganda, Boy (looks. down at linked fingers - back at Tumbo. He is puzzled, There is a pause) What'd you say? Tumbo (in the same tone as before - but raising the linked fingers a little higher) Muganda,. Boy (puzzled ~ looks at fingers) Muganda? Muganda? : (then, slowly is ariving at} Oh - do you mean friends? as he suspects what Tunbo Tumbo (dubiously) Frenss? . Boy (quickly) Yes - Friends, (points to Tumbo) You - (points to himself) (holds up linked fingers) Friends, (indicating Checta) Like Cheeta and me, Friends. Me - Tumbo (he understands - his face : dghts up = he spenks excitedly) Mugandal, - Frengel ~ Mugandal - Prenss} - Muyganda ~
1) 214) text: A young man, dying on the ground in front of a hut, a young woman holding him, giving him © water, Boys come into b, wateh, begin to get the idea, move on, CAMERA WITH’ THE, Tumbo worried, Boy *nonplussed, They come to 4 with- ered o14 man, moaning over a dead child, The two boys look ahout, In Dee, they see others of the Uhardi, some carrying their dead away, others supporting sick people, Boy (whispers) Why're so many people sick, Tumbo? Tumba keeps on toward square, Boy hesitates, follows,
1) 224) text: She turns over on her back, lies still. Tombo rushes in, throws himself across his mother, sobbing, and screams in her ear, try- ing to recall her from death. Boy enters difvidently, slowly. He stands in sensitive sile pefore Tumbo's grief. Cheeta hesitates in b. Tumbo finally accepts the fact of death, ke rises slowly, stares down at the lifeless body.
1) 225) text: Boy (gently) | your mother, Tumbo -- isn't it, Tumbo stands stock still, sobs. Boy joins his finger with his, Boy I'm sorry, Tumbo.... During last of scene the sound of: the tumult in ths square hus dicd away. Now, there is an extraordinary silence. Boy, after a moment, turns looks to invosti~ Bates
1) 231) text: The witch doctor stands before Boy a moment, his terrifying face thrust close to his, Boy looks nervously about him, coiitemplating flight. The witch doctor shrieks wildly, jubilantly. The savages crowd around Boy. The witch doctor shouts a command at two Ubardi warriors, who grab Boy and hold him despite his struggles, The witch doctor turns to the crovd - his voice triumphant, He has found the cause of the plague ~ a white devil, He points frou poy to the corpse of Tumbo's mother, linking em, . Witch Doctor (In dialect tells the crowd that this is the cause of the plague.) Hearing the witch doeter's charge, the natives begin to nod and murmur in agreement.
1) 233) text: The witch doctor atrikas Tumbe's hand awny, Boy struggles. Boy (to Tumbo) Poll him I didn't oring the sicknuss, (to witch doctor ) Fricnd! Mugundal Idugandal CONTTM sa
1) 259) text: The stake, with boy strapped to it, is elevated and put in place.
1) 266) dialog: Seon through smoke. He's trying to. be bravee
1) 273) text: : Mediord (quickly - in dialaot) (Ve want the white boys You cunnot kill hin.) Witoh Doovor (siereely - in dialoct) {White boy is causo of plague. Ho wust be sacrifieed.) A murmur of approval comes from savayose
1) 277) text: Medford (tapping gun = in dialect)” (r# you try to stop us, there'll be trouble.) Witch Doctor (in a rage ~ waving his. horn) (Whi te boy must be sacrificed, Tho spirits of the dead demand it!) Elliott ami Barmi get Boy dom fran stake. - At this, the witch doctor turns in fury to savages, brandishes horn, exhorts them to attack, They close ranks ominously. A. threatening rumble rises, They advance, Medford backs toward stake to join Elliott and Baroni. 127-127X2 our
1) 303) text: Medford . Get in, everybody. Wo'll make a run for ite O'Doul starts motor, Elliott, Baroni, Boy, Tumbo pile into truck. Mcdferd addresses natives in dialect. They climb in.
1) 349) text: Boy Tarzan Tarzan} MED, SHOL - GHOUP AT ‘LUCK ALL are astonished at Targun, ‘Me blocks cower with feur and awe. ELLiott (otarins:) What's happening? Who is that?
1) 354) text: As Boy and Tarzan came together. Tarzan sweeds Boy up into his arms. Tarzan {concerned - studies him sharply) Boy all right? Boy I'm fine. You cane just in time, Tarzm. ‘Where's Mother? Tarzan sets Boy down on ground. Tarzan (sternly) Jane wait. Boy (carefully) Is she going to - to punish me, Tarzan? ~ Tarzen (relaxed now - grins) Boy wait. Boy find out. Cheeta rushes to him, mkes a fuss over hin.
1) 360) text: Elliott advances to Tarzan. Boy (to Elliott) This is Tarzan -- he's my father.
1) 362) text: CONTINUED (2) I —" 43 Elliott (smiling - holds hens hand) How do you do, Tarzan? Hy name's Wlltott. Tarzan does not take hand, looks men over. Boy (quickly - in dialect) (He explains what happened.) As Tarzan listens, his expression softens. fie takes Hlliott's hand. Tarzan (as he takes hand} Tarzan thank. Elliott And we thank you. (nods toward woods) -- You certainly saved our lives just now. It looked for a while as though we were finished. (then, smiling at Boy) So, this is your father, eh? (then to Tarzan) You've a fine boy there. Tarzan (nods) Fine boy. (affectionately rubs Boy's head) Little Tarzan. O'Doul steps forward. O'Doul . Me name's O'Doul, ir. Tarzan - Dennis O'Doul. (Tarzan looks O'Doul 6 ~ CMDSur7 speaks with admiration) You're a fine figure of a man, Mr. Tarzan. wager you've some Irish in ye somewhere. (Tarzan likes C'Doul, takes his hand. O'Doul winces, nurses his hand) I'm certain of it.
1) 372) text: Tarzan (matter~of-factly) Men jhelp Boy. .Tarzan help men. Comes Tarzan turns away. Elliott (quickly) I don't know how to thank you, Tarzan. Medford (in low voice to Baroni - sarcastically) I'll be counting those six days. Tarzan starts off. Boy grabs Tumbo who has been standing wide-eyed watching Tarzan, and runs after Tarzan. Boy (to Tarzan) This is Tumbo, Tarzan. He's my friend. Tarzan (nods at Tumbo) My friend. The three move along together. Cheeta tags along with them. 153° OUT
1) 394) text: Medford. drives first truck. In the seat with him are Baroni and Boy. Tumbo stands in truck just behind seat. Elliott drives second truck, With him is M'thona.
1) 397) text: Boy pounds horn,
1) 430) text: Boy Shouldn't I tell the profess sor, even? Medford No, no, It wouldn't be a secret, then. You better not even tell anyone you told us, Baront I'll tell you something, - you keep the gold a real seeret -= und tell nobody ee and welll buy you an airplane all for yourself. Boy You will? Barvond Wetlt buy. you two of them,
1) 453) text: CLO SHOT - JANE Ai BOY SL Jane (deliriously happy) Oh, darling....darling....where've you been? where'd y you go? I've been so worriedt Boy (trying to pull out of embrace) Are you going to punish me, Mother? Jane (has to smile) No, dear -- not now - but you must never go away again.,..never, What happened to you? mon” (casually) Oh, » nothing uct me approaches) ~ Here's Tumbot
1) 454) text: . ore stops bashfully nearby. Buli approaches, O'Doul, Tarzan, Cheeta, benind them, slliott, Baroni and liea#ord appear sone distance 1n beg. Boy (pulls Tusibo to Mother - still excitedly) This 1s Tubo, Nother! He's my best friend! He can't talk very well yet, Uouch - Jane (holds out hend - smiling) Happy to meet you, Tunbo. fumbo (hesitates - then, hooks his little finger through Jane's) Friend, Boy I met Tuubo just before the rhino was Joing to kill him -- Jane (stunned) A rhino! What rhino? Boy (with a sway,‘er) Oh, a big one, But IT rixed hiuh That wos before we came into the plague: -- Jane (nearly passes out) Plague! Boy (to elepnant who has come up besiue hin) 'Lo, Bult! COWL INUED s
1) 467) text: As Elliott and others enter. Jane (smiling) How do you do, gentlemen. Baroni, Medford (together) How do you do, Madam - Pleased to meet you. Boy (to Jene) They came gust when the Ubardi set fire to me. The fire was burning my feet, too - but I : wasn't scared -- (to Zlliott) »Was I, Mr. Elliott? ho Jeane, in panic again, looks from one to the other. Jane (trying hard to force a smile) lease, gentlemen, maybe before I lose my mind you can tell me what happened -~ Elliott Hets all right, Madam. You can see that he came to no harm.
1) 474) text: Pltasel. All of yet Look this way, ni Look this ways All turn quickly, look. O'Doul is set with camera to take picture of group. O'Doul (grins) Thankee, thankee all -- It's a veritable master= piecel He snaps picture. As he does, Cheeta, leaping from the tree, lands on his back, knocking O'Doul forwards O'Doul drops camerae Cheeta picks up the camera and races for the woods with it. Boy starts after her in chase. Boy (as he runs) Cheeta! Cheetat Jane (trying to keep from laughing) Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. O'Doul. . O'Doul (with effort) Think nothint of it, Ma'm - It's a playful little ertature she is -- (then, sputtering under nis breath) The little, hairy divil! DISSOLVE TOs
1) 482) text: O'Doul ~ Yes, me lad, they're lostall right -- he glares at Checta) -- and for that ye can thank your fine little furry friend here. He makes a face at Cheeta. Cheeta responds by grabbing the picture and running off with ite Boy chascs her. Checta scoots into a nearby tent. . O'Doul (shakes his head sadly) If.she were mine, Mr. Tarzan, I'd have her examined e- and I'd waste no timo about it oithor. FULL SHOT ~ INTERIOR O'DOUL'S TanT - Boy f ollows Cheata into tont, cornors hor on table, tak.s picture and exits with it. Chccta examines various articles on table = tries O'Doul's hat on, pokes around a movie camera, ate. until sho cones across a bottle CONTINUUDs
1) 492) text: Baroni (he likes destroying illusions) There's no Man in the Moon ~ that's just an illusion. The face you sce is only the shadows of the mountains andcraters on the moon. Boy pulls back from telescope. Tumbo steps upe Boy (his excitement gone - speaks almost sadly) Oht I used to dike htm. ew hy Looked wo friendly.
1) 526) text: illustrate the reactions: the blacks in fear or awe; Tarzan, calm, aloof; Jane, near Elliott, excited and pleased; Baroni and Medford, bored; Boy and Tumbo bewil- dered, amused, excited,
1) 534) dialog: Their eyes fairly popping out,
1) 537) dialog: They continue to starc excitedly at the screen, Boy is completely unaware of what he's said,
1) 555) text: As Tarzan and Jane come to bedside, Boy tosses, mumbles in his sleep. CONTINUED ¢
1) 560) text: as Boy climbs out of river. He has a single gold nugget in his hand. He gives it to Baroni, Baroni and Medford are on edge with excitement, Boy That's the last one, Mr, Baroni, Baroni (disappointed) Are you sure? Boy Yes, Sir, I hunted all over the bottom, There's no more,
1) 592) text: Professor Elliott: - Boy is very ill, Would you kindly come -- As she writes,
2) 19) text: | Medford (quickly) | . That's a good idea, | Baroni (gravely) ) Yes - it ig a good idea, Tarzan (looks at Medford and Baroni) No, Jane (emotional) But you have to go, Tarzan} Tarzan Tarzan's medicine cure, Jane (goes to him = pleads) Please, Tarzan. ~ we can't leave anything undone, I've great faith in you, darling, always - but if anything happened to Boy, we'd never forgive our~— selves - never, (throws her arms around Tarzan's neck -- breaks) : Oh, Tarzan - if you love me -- if you love Boy - you must go, you must, Tarzan (finally - quietly) Tarzan go, : Jane kisses him, . Baroni (quickly) The native guards at the truck will give it to you Tarzan, It's a special medical kit - a small, white tin box. Tarzan moves quickly to bedside, touches Boy's face, then exits, Jane follows him to door, Jane (pleading - us he goes) Hurry, Tarzan - hurry. Jane turns back to’ Baroni And Medford, Jane (gratefully) Thank you, Thank you both, Baroni and Medford move toward door, Baroni ¢ i) The sulfamyrodol will do the work if anything will, b iy
2) 48) text: Ile goes to living rooa, .s Barcni enters from Boy's room.
2) 131) text: Jane and Boy turn, listen.
2) 153) text: The safari plodding along difficult trail, Tube waves cautiously, ‘trying to fot dinets and Boy's attention. ‘They do not see hin, Baroni throws a look in his dircetion and he quickly pulls back into brush, 1h
2) 168) text: They advance as before, The party close to-~ | gether, O'Doul behind. Tumbo again tries to signal Boy and Jane, They de not see him, But O'Doul's wandering gaze discovers him,
2) 186) text: Jane and Boy watch with taut faces the woods where O'Doul disappeared. Medford (in b.g. - cuts in harshly) C'mon, you twol Get going’ Jane and Boy move toward others ~- Jane looking back at woods with a thoughtful face, WIDE ANGLE «= THE PARTY ON TRAIL They advance, A shower of arrows falls, M'hona jabbers to Medford, Baroni (firing into woods) If they'd only show themselves! Jane (tensely)” They're not trying to hit us, They want to take us alive. . Baroni (firing wildly) We'll shoot our way through! Medford Hold it, Baroni - we're almost out of ammunition, Sate
2) 187) text: Tarzan No.3 : h 5-6—41 98 ; Chas. = 299 : ANOTHER ANGLE -. JUNGLE TRAIL Thick brush and crowded giant moss-hung trees, A river can be seen in b.g. A shower of arrows falls, Baroni and Medford fire away, Jane and Boy hold closely together, Baroni (suddenly pointing into woods) Look, Medford! - Look\ - A horde of grotesque faces, horribly smeared with paint, seem to surround the two white men, ‘they are masks, but in the dim light under the trees they might be anything. Medford -Let them have it! Medford and Baroni blaze away at the faces, Some of the primitive masks are blown to pieces, others fall, Medford finally stops firing, Baroni runs forward to the masks, He picks one up. It is attached to a stick - Medford (panie-stricken now) I fired my last round, Baroni frantically searches woods for sign of Jaconi, vmat!s th. Baroni (suddenly ~- in terror) at's at? He fires crazily at shadows, After a moment, his gun clicks on empty chambers, There is-an abrupt silence from the wocds, The tom-toms are suddenly quiet. Bewildered, the. members of the party look about them, Then, the fury breaks, With a wild shrieking and chattering -- end a roar of tom-toms louder then before, the Jaconi close in on the party from every side, ‘They seize the useless guns, and prodding the party with their spears, drive thom before them toward the river, .
2) 256) dialog: alert.
2) 274) dialog: He smiles back bravely at Jane.
2) 300) dialog: Excitedly, he searches water, Boy (shouts jubilantly to Jane) Tarzan! It's Tarzant
2) 326) dialog: Boy (excitedly) Tarzant Tarzant
2) 360) dialog: vound, helpless, in iver.
2) 371) text: Giant crocodile swims in direction of Boy. MED. SHOT - SURFaC# - (STOCK) Tarzan quickly submergese
2) 372) text: Boy sinks inte river weeds, is tangled in them. He struggles as best he can but is unable to extricste himself.
2) 373) text: Tarzan swims in direction of Boy.
2) 388) dialog: Boy is now recovered. Tarzan rinishes his * eall and starts off for canocs, swimming swiftly. Boy follows him more slowly. OUT.
2) 454) dialog: She river is littered with wreckage. The lust ov the savage canoes are seen fleecing cown stream with: the elephants arter them. our
2) 479) text: Boy . Wouldn't you like to see Mr, O'Doul's face when he finds the melon is filled with gold. . Tarzan O'Doul laugh - then cry. . Boy Hetll be rich, won't he? Jane (nods) And he'll never tell where his riches came from. You may be sure of that, Tarzan (quietly) Tarzan sure,