0) 11) text: Tarzan glides. pack up to surface, Jane follows sane curve. Boy follows her, (It is a game of tullow-the-leader ~- Tarzan being the leader, All movements in rhythm - to music,)
0) 13) text: ‘Tarzan glides under water, Jane and Boy follow,
0) 16) text: 13-17 18 19-21 ” 83 24 UNDERWATEX, ROUTINE — Tarzan, Jane, and Boy, keeping rhythm, go through such’ routines as are possible - slow - rolls, loops, cartwheels, vertical figure-83's ete. “A giant turtle swims in and out of Scene, Tarzan glides back up to surface, Jane and Boy follow, Suli swims above them, his belly and legs showing in Shot, Tarzan, *Jane, and Boy swim through Buli's legs.
0) 18) text: Jane eateches up with Tarzan, clings to his heels, Boy catches up with Jane, holds on to her heels. They go into their locomotive routine, Tarzan leads them under water again,
0) 19) text: Tarzan glides down to bottom of pool, Jane and Boy still in tow, Giant turtle érosses path, Boy makes grab at turtle, misses, Turtle appears again, Boy leaves dane’ and Tarzan, chases turtle. (Use here Stock Shata of Tarzan and Jane in routine together.) “Tarzan and Jane head-for surface,
0) 23) text: Bulic limbs out of water, shakes himself, He spots Cheeta in tree eating: bananas from sf.all punch, He lifts trunk up fer a banana but Cheeta, jabbering, withdraws out of reach, Buli sits, begs, Cheeta refuses him, Buli stands up on hind legs, pleads, Cheeta conks him with a melon from tree. Buli, sore now, douses Cheeta with water from his trunk, Cheeta, in panic, drops the bananas, Buli leisurely de- vours them, Jane's laughter OVER end of scene.
0) 25) text: Tarzan (grinning - comes up from water) Buli happy, Cheeta happy. - Jane happy? (he squirts water at her) Jane (hollers): Tarzan} Please} Tarzan (bigger grin) Tarzan happy. Boy comes up out of water,
0) 27) text: 25-x2 CONTINUED. (2) , 5 Boy (ss he climbs benk) Hey! Look whet I found. . . ; (shows a handful of the bright stones) Shiny stones. Real heavy ones, too. dust right for my sling. He pulls his sling out of his belt and lets fly at a gicnt turtle across pool. The turtle hit, bothered, slins into water. gang's attention is ettracted by the stoncs 1 Boy's hand. Jane (to Boy) Boy - let me look at those stones a moment. (Boy gives her stones, she examines them carefully) Where'd you find them? Boy Down in the bottoin of the pool. Jane (holds up stones) They're gold ~ gold nuggets. Boy (puzzled) Gold? Tarzan comes over, takes a squint at the nuggets. Tarzan Nuggets? Jane (nodding) They're lumps of 2 very precious metal. Tarzan (gestures toward skyline) More nuggets up mountain. Big nuggcts. Jane (siniling) Frobably a rich vein. If posple in the outside world ever found there was gold cn the escerpuenty oe they'd warm up here like on ormy of ants. . Boy Why, Mother? ‘ Jone In civilization, durling, you ean buy anything you~ want with gold -- olmest. Jane drops a nugget. Cheeta picks it up, tries to crack it with her teoth like a nut.
0) 39) text: A beautiful nook walled with fruit trees; vines, and flower bushes. A tree thick with orchids, and a vine hung with giant grapes can be seens In the middle of the enclosure, a small, hot spring of clear water is bubbling. Over the spring is swung a rod ~ like the rod over a barbecue pit ~ a contrivance for cook- ing in the spring. Near the spring is a small table; on it are wooden knives, wooden dishes» etce : In the deep shades at one side of the enclo- sure, is a rough-hewn picnic table and benches The place looks like what it is - Tarzan's garden retreate In beg. Buli carries bench into place by table. As scene opens, Jane is just finishing ~. - garnishing the fish with various herbs and condiments.e She then encases the fish by taping with cords the top half of the squash to the bottom half. Boy (pushing barbecue rod into ‘ ~ position) But, Mother, why do people in civil-+in civil-- - Jane Civilization. . . Boy Yese Why do they have to buy clothes and food and houses - why? Jane : Darling, I honestly don't know. It's a problem thoy've been trying to sottle for hundreds of : years, and they haven't settled it yet - at least thoy hadn't when I left. , . (Jane lowers fish into boiling spring, using barbecue rod, and calls to Cheeta on other side of spring) Are the eggs nearly done, Cheeta? Cheatas who le watching the flow of sand through an hour-glass mado of shelle, shakes her head vigorously
0) 58) text: Dinner is over, Jane is stacking up the dirty dishes, Boy is eating giant grapes from bowl on table,
0) 67) text: Jane (nods, swiling - but « No one can possibly be richer ~ he has evei he wants.
0) 68) text: Tarzan (grins - gives Jane one of his rock=crushing hugs) Tarzan have Jane, Jane (laughing) You have me all right - : (squirms in his embrace = still laughing) -- You'll have me in a thousand pieces in a minute, (Tarzan relaxes his grip - she kisses hia lightly, saying as she kisses him) That's for the orchid -- (she kisses him a second time - not so Lightly) -- And that's for being’ Tarzan. She breaks away from Tarzan, | Boy (shuffling his feet ~ a little embarrassed at the show of affection) Let's walk over to civil'zation tonight, Hother, before we go to bed = will you? Jane (smiling) I think, darling, you've had a long, busy day al- ready, and if you don't mind you're going straight home and say your prayers and go to bed -= (calis Cheeta) Cheeta! Cheeta! Cheeta enters, Jane gives him stack of dishes, Jane (to Cheeta) Take these to the brook, Cheeta - and don't break them ~ Be careful, (smiling as Cheeta exits) And ne jugyling - nenembor,
0) 70) text: As Cheeta is stumbling across clearing, having trouble balancing dishos, Tuli Lumbers toward “her, and,trailing her, tries to sniteh with her’ trunk remains of bood on top plate, Jane's Voice Bulit Bult
1) 354) text: As Boy and Tarzan came together. Tarzan sweeds Boy up into his arms. Tarzan {concerned - studies him sharply) Boy all right? Boy I'm fine. You cane just in time, Tarzm. ‘Where's Mother? Tarzan sets Boy down on ground. Tarzan (sternly) Jane wait. Boy (carefully) Is she going to - to punish me, Tarzan? ~ Tarzen (relaxed now - grins) Boy wait. Boy find out. Cheeta rushes to him, mkes a fuss over hin.
1) 450) text: Jane swings down out of woods on virile. Soy sees Jane; races toward her. dane waves excitedly at sight of Soy. She races toward soy. They meet, embrace. Tumbb and O'Doul advance in beg., Tumbo trotting on ahead.
1) 453) text: CLO SHOT - JANE Ai BOY SL Jane (deliriously happy) Oh, darling....darling....where've you been? where'd y you go? I've been so worriedt Boy (trying to pull out of embrace) Are you going to punish me, Mother? Jane (has to smile) No, dear -- not now - but you must never go away again.,..never, What happened to you? mon” (casually) Oh, » nothing uct me approaches) ~ Here's Tumbot
1) 454) text: . ore stops bashfully nearby. Buli approaches, O'Doul, Tarzan, Cheeta, benind them, slliott, Baroni and liea#ord appear sone distance 1n beg. Boy (pulls Tusibo to Mother - still excitedly) This 1s Tubo, Nother! He's my best friend! He can't talk very well yet, Uouch - Jane (holds out hend - smiling) Happy to meet you, Tunbo. fumbo (hesitates - then, hooks his little finger through Jane's) Friend, Boy I met Tuubo just before the rhino was Joing to kill him -- Jane (stunned) A rhino! What rhino? Boy (with a sway,‘er) Oh, a big one, But IT rixed hiuh That wos before we came into the plague: -- Jane (nearly passes out) Plague! Boy (to elepnant who has come up besiue hin) 'Lo, Bult! COWL INUED s
1) 467) text: As Elliott and others enter. Jane (smiling) How do you do, gentlemen. Baroni, Medford (together) How do you do, Madam - Pleased to meet you. Boy (to Jene) They came gust when the Ubardi set fire to me. The fire was burning my feet, too - but I : wasn't scared -- (to Zlliott) »Was I, Mr. Elliott? ho Jeane, in panic again, looks from one to the other. Jane (trying hard to force a smile) lease, gentlemen, maybe before I lose my mind you can tell me what happened -~ Elliott Hets all right, Madam. You can see that he came to no harm.
1) 474) text: Pltasel. All of yet Look this way, ni Look this ways All turn quickly, look. O'Doul is set with camera to take picture of group. O'Doul (grins) Thankee, thankee all -- It's a veritable master= piecel He snaps picture. As he does, Cheeta, leaping from the tree, lands on his back, knocking O'Doul forwards O'Doul drops camerae Cheeta picks up the camera and races for the woods with it. Boy starts after her in chase. Boy (as he runs) Cheeta! Cheetat Jane (trying to keep from laughing) Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. O'Doul. . O'Doul (with effort) Think nothint of it, Ma'm - It's a playful little ertature she is -- (then, sputtering under nis breath) The little, hairy divil! DISSOLVE TOs
1) 475) text: O'Doul's hands shuffle a photo print about in a pan of developer wash. The picture vaguely takes form, and is seen to be Tarzan, Jane, and groupe 168-171 our ‘
1) 526) text: illustrate the reactions: the blacks in fear or awe; Tarzan, calm, aloof; Jane, near Elliott, excited and pleased; Baroni and Medford, bored; Boy and Tumbo bewil- dered, amused, excited,
1) 547) text: - CONTINUED (4) : “7 Elliott (quickly) And we'd be very poor guests indeed if we repaid your hospitality by doing anything to displease Tarzan or yourself. turning to Medford and Baroni) I know you will agree with me on that point, gentlemen, Tarzan (suddenly) Jane come, Go home, Tarzan starts out, O'Doul (sighs - turns back to _ projector, shaking his head) Ah, I'm afraid the O'Doul's were born to be poor to the end of their days. Tarzan (calls back) Jane come! Jane (trying to be offhand): Coming! . (she turns to follow Tarzan) Good night, - and thank you very much for the films, Elliott Good night and slecp easily, We lcave tomorrow morning, and you and your family will have your home to yourselves again. All Good night. It was our pleasure -- Good night -- Lite, : Jane and Tarzan disappear, There is silence, O'Doul is at projector, goes about dismantling it, Z11iott looks Baroni and Wedford over, Elliott (finally - gravely) I hope, gentlemen, we'll have no more talk of gold, This ig a scientific expedition and I will not per- mit it to- turn. into a gold hunt, . Medford (sullenly} Are you afraid of that savage? . Elliott No, it isn't that - though I don't believe we'd have a chance aguinst him in the juntlo, Tt's sinply we've been given to understand there's no gold to be had hore, and I boliove it.
1) 555) text: As Tarzan and Jane come to bedside, Boy tosses, mumbles in his sleep. CONTINUED ¢
2) 19) text: | Medford (quickly) | . That's a good idea, | Baroni (gravely) ) Yes - it ig a good idea, Tarzan (looks at Medford and Baroni) No, Jane (emotional) But you have to go, Tarzan} Tarzan Tarzan's medicine cure, Jane (goes to him = pleads) Please, Tarzan. ~ we can't leave anything undone, I've great faith in you, darling, always - but if anything happened to Boy, we'd never forgive our~— selves - never, (throws her arms around Tarzan's neck -- breaks) : Oh, Tarzan - if you love me -- if you love Boy - you must go, you must, Tarzan (finally - quietly) Tarzan go, : Jane kisses him, . Baroni (quickly) The native guards at the truck will give it to you Tarzan, It's a special medical kit - a small, white tin box. Tarzan moves quickly to bedside, touches Boy's face, then exits, Jane follows him to door, Jane (pleading - us he goes) Hurry, Tarzan - hurry. Jane turns back to’ Baroni And Medford, Jane (gratefully) Thank you, Thank you both, Baroni and Medford move toward door, Baroni ¢ i) The sulfamyrodol will do the work if anything will, b iy
2) 131) text: Jane and Boy turn, listen.
2) 150) dialog: Jane pulls away from O'Doul. Jane (bitterly) I want no help from you, Mr. O'Doul, O'Doul (easily) Well spoken, Matam. If your spirits are up, you'll never be down, Boy manfully gives O'Doul a shove, comes between him and Jane. Boy glares up at O'Doul. / O'Doul (grins) . An! the same little compliment goes for you, me lad. Boy helps Jane and they move on, The pace is too much for O'Doul, Panting, laboring, he lags behind, our
2) 168) text: They advance as before, The party close to-~ | gether, O'Doul behind. Tumbo again tries to signal Boy and Jane, They de not see him, But O'Doul's wandering gaze discovers him,
2) 186) text: Jane and Boy watch with taut faces the woods where O'Doul disappeared. Medford (in b.g. - cuts in harshly) C'mon, you twol Get going’ Jane and Boy move toward others ~- Jane looking back at woods with a thoughtful face, WIDE ANGLE «= THE PARTY ON TRAIL They advance, A shower of arrows falls, M'hona jabbers to Medford, Baroni (firing into woods) If they'd only show themselves! Jane (tensely)” They're not trying to hit us, They want to take us alive. . Baroni (firing wildly) We'll shoot our way through! Medford Hold it, Baroni - we're almost out of ammunition, Sate
2) 187) text: Tarzan No.3 : h 5-6—41 98 ; Chas. = 299 : ANOTHER ANGLE -. JUNGLE TRAIL Thick brush and crowded giant moss-hung trees, A river can be seen in b.g. A shower of arrows falls, Baroni and Medford fire away, Jane and Boy hold closely together, Baroni (suddenly pointing into woods) Look, Medford! - Look\ - A horde of grotesque faces, horribly smeared with paint, seem to surround the two white men, ‘they are masks, but in the dim light under the trees they might be anything. Medford -Let them have it! Medford and Baroni blaze away at the faces, Some of the primitive masks are blown to pieces, others fall, Medford finally stops firing, Baroni runs forward to the masks, He picks one up. It is attached to a stick - Medford (panie-stricken now) I fired my last round, Baroni frantically searches woods for sign of Jaconi, vmat!s th. Baroni (suddenly ~- in terror) at's at? He fires crazily at shadows, After a moment, his gun clicks on empty chambers, There is-an abrupt silence from the wocds, The tom-toms are suddenly quiet. Bewildered, the. members of the party look about them, Then, the fury breaks, With a wild shrieking and chattering -- end a roar of tom-toms louder then before, the Jaconi close in on the party from every side, ‘They seize the useless guns, and prodding the party with their spears, drive thom before them toward the river, .
2) 248) text: Jane, bound, sits in stern of large leading canoe, oy is in second large canoe; baront and Nedford in third large canoe; Mthona in fourth, All are bound. CONTINUED:
2) 273) dialog: Tensely, she looks off in direction of village downstream - then, looks back toward Boy in second canoe, smiles encouragement,
2) 318) dialog: In horror, she covers her face.
2) 392) text: The combined canoes, now massed together, move down stream with Jane in the thick of them.
2) 406) dialog: Strained, anxious, but more hopeful now, she locks about her.
2) 423) dialog: Her face is taut, strained.
2) 427) dialog: helpless, bound, she floundera in water. out WIDER ANGLE ~ RIVER aT CANOES Elephants attack, Natives now mill about in somplete panics Tarzan No. : . : Chg. 386X16 UNDERVATER SHOE - TARZAN AND BOT
2) 479) text: Boy . Wouldn't you like to see Mr, O'Doul's face when he finds the melon is filled with gold. . Tarzan O'Doul laugh - then cry. . Boy Hetll be rich, won't he? Jane (nods) And he'll never tell where his riches came from. You may be sure of that, Tarzan (quietly) Tarzan sure,