1) 247) text: a cold-blooded realist with something of the Manner of a professional soldier. The fourth man oY, is O'Doul (pronounced O'Dool) an impish Dublin _- portrait photographer whose imasined love of ad~ venture has brought him away from wife and home into a world he fears and despises. Lal MED. CLOSZ SHOT - EDGZ OF WOODS iT VILLAGE The men come to a quick stop, stare tensely out at drama in village square. Medford , - Jujue O'Doul (scared) They're hungry-lookin' black divils. Is it - is it canninbals they ave? - Saroni (to Medford) They look like Zimbali._ . Medford (shakes his. head) Worset They're Ubardil
1) 300) text: Elliott wa (he holds out a congratulatory hana) Nice work, O'Doul -- O'Doul sluaps in the seat in 2 faint. “ Elliott 2 (smiling slightly) He's fainted. Get some brandy, Medford. The Little man opens his eyes a slit. O'Doul Would you mind, Professor, makin' it a bit of Irish whiskey. Meéford reaches into back of truck, pulls out whiskey bottle, gives it to O'Doul who sakes a long drink of it. The rumbls of a savage war drum co::es from the roods. At the sound of the drum, all are insta:tly on the alert. O'Doul sits stiffly up, .uts the bottle in his pocket. A shower of spears and arroxs hits truck and around it. Several safari blacks are wounded, the others are panicstricken, agitated, appear on point of fleeing away again. 6 Medford om, (sharply - to captain of blacks) ‘ Mt t_-- Tell your men to stay close to uss They'll be~slaughtered in the woods now. M'hona jabvers at natives in dialect. They drew oack, hudidle at truck.
1) 303) text: Medford . Get in, everybody. Wo'll make a run for ite O'Doul starts motor, Elliott, Baroni, Boy, Tumbo pile into truck. Mcdferd addresses natives in dialect. They climb in.
1) 309) text: O'Doul runs in, secs punctured gasoline tants Medford Joins lim, oxaulucs tank quicklye
1) 319) text: O'Doul shakes his fist at savages, O'Doul (angrily ) Ye cowardly blackguards | He begins firing his revolver, An arrow whizzes by his head, imbeds itself deeply in the side of the truck, O'Doul (cocky) You're not goin' to intimidate me - Ye poor be-. nighted blackamoors, yel-= With yer silly arrows that wouldn't spike a potato bug’ == (an arrow hits him in the seat, sticks there - lie geremas )
1) 362) text: CONTINUED (2) I —" 43 Elliott (smiling - holds hens hand) How do you do, Tarzan? Hy name's Wlltott. Tarzan does not take hand, looks men over. Boy (quickly - in dialect) (He explains what happened.) As Tarzan listens, his expression softens. fie takes Hlliott's hand. Tarzan (as he takes hand} Tarzan thank. Elliott And we thank you. (nods toward woods) -- You certainly saved our lives just now. It looked for a while as though we were finished. (then, smiling at Boy) So, this is your father, eh? (then to Tarzan) You've a fine boy there. Tarzan (nods) Fine boy. (affectionately rubs Boy's head) Little Tarzan. O'Doul steps forward. O'Doul . Me name's O'Doul, ir. Tarzan - Dennis O'Doul. (Tarzan looks O'Doul 6 ~ CMDSur7 speaks with admiration) You're a fine figure of a man, Mr. Tarzan. wager you've some Irish in ye somewhere. (Tarzan likes C'Doul, takes his hand. O'Doul winces, nurses his hand) I'm certain of it.
1) 363) text: Til Baroni and Medford step forward. O'Doul backs away to truck. Elliott .This is Mri Baroni, Tarzan, and this gentleman here is My. Medford. Medford and Baroni (together) How do you doe Happy to moet you. Tarzan glances at the machine guns, and makes no effort to take their offered hands. Obviounly, he doosn't Lika thom.
1) 410) dialog: ‘Shuddering, he throws his arm across his eyes, The auto horn, near at hand now, sounds OVER SCENE, “NED. CLOSE SHOT - HYBIRD. - (STOCK) At sound of horn, bird runs for brush, disappears, .
1) 413) text: He is nervous a moment until he is sure bird is gone, O'Doul (brokenly) -- I'll niver take another drink as long as I live - niver! (he turns and starts after Tarzan) Oh, Mr, Tarzan{ -- Mr, fardan! -- Mr, Tarzan\ --
1) 450) text: Jane swings down out of woods on virile. Soy sees Jane; races toward her. dane waves excitedly at sight of Soy. She races toward soy. They meet, embrace. Tumbb and O'Doul advance in beg., Tumbo trotting on ahead.
1) 454) text: . ore stops bashfully nearby. Buli approaches, O'Doul, Tarzan, Cheeta, benind them, slliott, Baroni and liea#ord appear sone distance 1n beg. Boy (pulls Tusibo to Mother - still excitedly) This 1s Tubo, Nother! He's my best friend! He can't talk very well yet, Uouch - Jane (holds out hend - smiling) Happy to meet you, Tunbo. fumbo (hesitates - then, hooks his little finger through Jane's) Friend, Boy I met Tuubo just before the rhino was Joing to kill him -- Jane (stunned) A rhino! What rhino? Boy (with a sway,‘er) Oh, a big one, But IT rixed hiuh That wos before we came into the plague: -- Jane (nearly passes out) Plague! Boy (to elepnant who has come up besiue hin) 'Lo, Bult! COWL INUED s
1) 465) dialog: He stands near tree, focusing camera, CaMERa SWINGS UP INTO:
1) 474) text: Pltasel. All of yet Look this way, ni Look this ways All turn quickly, look. O'Doul is set with camera to take picture of group. O'Doul (grins) Thankee, thankee all -- It's a veritable master= piecel He snaps picture. As he does, Cheeta, leaping from the tree, lands on his back, knocking O'Doul forwards O'Doul drops camerae Cheeta picks up the camera and races for the woods with it. Boy starts after her in chase. Boy (as he runs) Cheeta! Cheetat Jane (trying to keep from laughing) Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. O'Doul. . O'Doul (with effort) Think nothint of it, Ma'm - It's a playful little ertature she is -- (then, sputtering under nis breath) The little, hairy divil! DISSOLVE TOs
1) 475) text: O'Doul's hands shuffle a photo print about in a pan of developer wash. The picture vaguely takes form, and is seen to be Tarzan, Jane, and groupe 168-171 our ‘
1) 482) text: O'Doul ~ Yes, me lad, they're lostall right -- he glares at Checta) -- and for that ye can thank your fine little furry friend here. He makes a face at Cheeta. Cheeta responds by grabbing the picture and running off with ite Boy chascs her. Checta scoots into a nearby tent. . O'Doul (shakes his head sadly) If.she were mine, Mr. Tarzan, I'd have her examined e- and I'd waste no timo about it oithor. FULL SHOT ~ INTERIOR O'DOUL'S TanT - Boy f ollows Cheata into tont, cornors hor on table, tak.s picture and exits with it. Chccta examines various articles on table = tries O'Doul's hat on, pokes around a movie camera, ate. until sho cones across a bottle CONTINUUDs
1) 538) text: The movies come to a stop, Silence. O'Doul turns on a work light. The safari blacks slip away; the whites are alone, There is definite
1) 547) text: - CONTINUED (4) : “7 Elliott (quickly) And we'd be very poor guests indeed if we repaid your hospitality by doing anything to displease Tarzan or yourself. turning to Medford and Baroni) I know you will agree with me on that point, gentlemen, Tarzan (suddenly) Jane come, Go home, Tarzan starts out, O'Doul (sighs - turns back to _ projector, shaking his head) Ah, I'm afraid the O'Doul's were born to be poor to the end of their days. Tarzan (calls back) Jane come! Jane (trying to be offhand): Coming! . (she turns to follow Tarzan) Good night, - and thank you very much for the films, Elliott Good night and slecp easily, We lcave tomorrow morning, and you and your family will have your home to yourselves again. All Good night. It was our pleasure -- Good night -- Lite, : Jane and Tarzan disappear, There is silence, O'Doul is at projector, goes about dismantling it, Z11iott looks Baroni and Wedford over, Elliott (finally - gravely) I hope, gentlemen, we'll have no more talk of gold, This ig a scientific expedition and I will not per- mit it to- turn. into a gold hunt, . Medford (sullenly} Are you afraid of that savage? . Elliott No, it isn't that - though I don't believe we'd have a chance aguinst him in the juntlo, Tt's sinply we've been given to understand there's no gold to be had hore, and I boliove it.
1) 585) text: CONTINUED (3) . Gob Tarzan goes to O'Doul's cot, gives him juice, O'Doul makes a face after finishing the drink, Tarzan (speaks almost gently) Better soon, “O'Doul (gratefully - with whispered emotion) Thankee, thankee, It's a fine Christian you are, Mr, Tarzan, He's way As O'Doul speaks, Cheeta comes chattering into tent, Excitedly, she goes to Tarzan, jabbers in his ear, Tarzan stiffens in sudden concern and strides swiftly from the tent. Cheeta, Jjabbering, follows hin, Elliott, puzzled, walks to tent exit, looks after him, DISSOLVE TOs out
2) 0) text: O'Doul, unconscious, is stretched out under blankets on his cot. On a second cot across tent, Elliott, fully dressed, relaxes, He draw his hand back and forth across his forehead, Apparently he is not well. O'Doul stirs, mumbles unintelligibly, Elliott gets up, goes to table, picks up cup of berry juice and crosses to O'Doul with it. . Elliott puts his hand on O'Doul's head, then tries his pulse, Elliott (finally - to O'Doul, still unconscious) Well, your fever's broken, Dennis, I don't think you heed any more medicing for a while, Elliott puts cup of juice back on table and returns weakly to cot, Baroni and Medford enter, Elliott (looks them over) I'm glad you've come, gentlemen. (nods at other cot) ol Doul's getting better, Tarzan's medicine did the trick, : Medford (studies him) You look a little under the weather yourself, Professor, How do you feel? Elliott. Oh, I'm all right - just a little rocky at the moment, I'll come out of it, (after a pause) We'll break camp the first thing tomorrow morning, O'Doul will be able to travel then,
2) 32) text: \ AN . Baroni (finally - coldly) \ All right, O'Doul - if you're finished there, you d better get moving. Medford Right! and see to it the equipment is packed for the road. We'll be back in half an hour. Baroni and Medford continue on,. disappear in - woods, O'Doul, with a last look at the grave, moves back toward clearing. 236-X2b. - ‘ MED. SHOT - TRAIN IN WOODS Baroni and Medford move quickly through moon- light and shade along trail in direction of Tarzan's home. 236=X3 CLOSZUP - TUMBO IN WOODS - WATCHING . Fear on his face. He pulls back, darts away into jungle, -
2) 109) text: A fecling of heat and lassitude over. camp. Several blacks move lazily in and out of tents, Before one tent, a native guard on a camp stool leans on his rifle, dozes. Baroni appears, striding quickly out of woods, M'hona trots along behind hin, Natives stop, watch thom, O'Doul appoars.
2) 110) text: Medford. comes out of tent curious at oxcito- ment. Ho sees Baroni, advances quickly to moet him. O'Doul approaches them, Medford (tensely) How'd it go? Baroni (restraining his cxcitemont) Perfect - Just «s we planned it. Medford (quickly - still tense) You saw the gold? ‘ Baroni (nods) . It's probably the richest lode on earth O'Doul, near, cocks on ear. Medford (overcome - repeats slowly) The richest lode on oarth. (excitedly) We'll bo multimillioneires -~ Baroni (realistically) We will - when we get back with equipment to mince it. O'Doul (whistles) Whow! Multi-millionairos$ (Medford and Baroni, annoyod, turn to hin + Otpoul baring babbling obscquiously) How'd yo Like to havo a cool shower, gintlemin? Spruce yo up froshor'n a May mornin!, Yo mist bo tired, Mr, Baroni, Baroni (sharply) Nevar mind tho binvrmoy, OfDowl, CONTINUED s
2) 134) text: They go off. Baroni and iledford look after O'Doul. Medford (grinning) I can't quite figuro that monkoy oute Baront (coldly) Thero's nothing to figure out, if you want my opinion. Wotll drop hin sowuwhoro alons tha wiye * out
2) 168) text: They advance as before, The party close to-~ | gether, O'Doul behind. Tumbo again tries to signal Boy and Jane, They de not see him, But O'Doul's wandering gaze discovers him,
2) 169) dialog: He does .a.double takem,.
2) 185) text: Baroni sees O0'Doul running for cover, He wheels around, starts firing, O'Doul drops, After a moment, he gets to his feet again and scrambles into brush, Medford (panic beginning) Save your ammunition}. Wetll need it later!
2) 186) text: Jane and Boy watch with taut faces the woods where O'Doul disappeared. Medford (in b.g. - cuts in harshly) C'mon, you twol Get going’ Jane and Boy move toward others ~- Jane looking back at woods with a thoughtful face, WIDE ANGLE «= THE PARTY ON TRAIL They advance, A shower of arrows falls, M'hona jabbers to Medford, Baroni (firing into woods) If they'd only show themselves! Jane (tensely)” They're not trying to hit us, They want to take us alive. . Baroni (firing wildly) We'll shoot our way through! Medford Hold it, Baroni - we're almost out of ammunition, Sate
2) 196) text: ©'Doul and Tumbo stand helplessly looking at approuchiae Lion, The lion growls - roars, O'Doul ani Tumbo shake,
2) 198) text: o'Doul (teeth chattering) hememake a-a-t- rerun for it, ses-sonny = I+I-I e-cecan't, Neither can Tumbo, The two stand trembling in their boots, The lion advances, veins to. circle theni, CONTINUED’
2) 201) text: O'Doul's Voice (OVER SHOT) Tne King of the Jungle, ye are - are ye? = 309-X1L WIDE ANGLES ~ O'DCUL,. TUMBO aD LION The lion blinks at the shadow-boxing O'Doul, then roars suddenly, O'Doul almest collapses, OM De. 6 ja: ing aside to Tumbo) hg addie -- a slow ani erunchin' Ce: iiar death, too-- (shoots u side glance at Tumbo) ~ though I s'yose you and yer relatives are used to it by now -- , il (in a groan
2) 206) text: It's a horr The dion mukes a sudden move = and O'Doul jumps dack into his shadow-boxing again. The lion, puzzled, begins to back aw a bit for a better looks O'Doul stops boxing .relaxes, ,
2) 210) text: O'Doul and Tumbo come racing out of woods, the lion followiny, and without the slightest hesi- tation, plucge into the river, They swim madly away from Tho lion, stopped by the water, stands rois nis fury at iis escaped quarry.
2) 216) text: CLOSE Sti» CTDOUL AND TUMRO IN WATER Now, a safe distanee from shore, they tread water, Dihirg, to recover thelr breath, O'Doul brandishes a defiant fist at the roaring lion, eo OfDoul (calling to lion) Ctmon in, ye bragyart -- c'mon out here, ye barkin' beast, an! I'll give you the thrashin'! of yer misur- able tifes -- Aa O'Doul, saya this, ho swal'lows a mouthful of the river, and as he flounders about, choking very unheroicully --
2) 233) text: to include Tarzan - from O'Doul's angle, O'Doul What would you like, Mr, Tarzan? Tarzan (points to trees) Vine} Get vine, Tarzan catch, O'Doul looks helplessly around at trees. Tarzan calls out in animal. mumbo-jumbo to Cheeta and Tumbo. He throws his knife across ravine, It lands on its point near Tumbo, Tumbo picks it up and serambles - quickly up nearby tree, cuts away a half dozen lengths of vines "that fall to earth, O'Doul (watching) Ye're a smart one, O'Tumbo - ye are, indeed, O'Doul quickly picks up rope lengths, knots ends together, He knots three, Meanwhile, Tarzan calls out again in jungle language,’ Tumbo scrambles down from tree, grabs up end of a loose strand and quickly climbs a slender sapling at edge of sand, Po
2) 261) text: dozen captives they The oaptives are identified as the safari de- serters, The savage seize d for execution is + recognized as the "Colonel - tho big buck who was with O'Doul at camp. Colonol off. They lead the
2) 389) text: Tarzan #3 . lis reyes 386-X8 MED. SHOT - UPPER RIVER - O'DOUL AND TUMEO P/1Lfss
2) 393) dialog: O'doul, in his rage, gets to his feet on log again, waves limb he has broken off tree. Tumbo clings to unsteady log. O'Doul (waves club) Defy 'em, Mrs. Tarzan! Defy ‘em till I get there with me shillelagh! ©'Doul loses his balance in the excitement, tips log, and he and Tumbo are thrown into water. 386-X10%4 to 386-XLOG ouUT 386-X10C1 CLOSE SHOT - TARZAN SWIMMING (stock) He races through water.
2) 436) dialog: in battle now. Back on log, O'Doul stands, balancing himself precariously. Loy moves swiftly down toward a small canoe, manned by two savages whe stand with spears poised rendu = Tor O'Doule . One savage lets his spear go. O'Doul ducks, escaping spear but almost tumbling into water. He recovers, brandishes his club in a new rare. ‘or Bpoar thra one mye vk Humph} ‘= me pra sathor used to use atic ike then to pick his teoth witht SButihGan:
2) 464) text: O'Doul gets to his feet on log, waving his tree limb. O'Dovl (brandishing tree limb) out o'here, ye - ye cowardly beast! O'Doul in his excitement loses his bal- ance, tips log, tumbles into water and almost into crocodile's jaws. As O'Doul pitches into water he shoves his club. before him, It jams into open jaws of erocodile, keeps jaws from shutting. Crocodile, in helpless rage, lashes water, disappears. O'Doul (sputtering in water - waves fist after crocodile) Ye may be a monster to the local inhabitants but yetre just another lizard to O'Doul! (Bo. 3 390-X5 ~ Chgs.
2) 467) text: Relaxed, happy, all laugh at O'Doul's antics --
2) 479) text: Boy . Wouldn't you like to see Mr, O'Doul's face when he finds the melon is filled with gold. . Tarzan O'Doul laugh - then cry. . Boy Hetll be rich, won't he? Jane (nods) And he'll never tell where his riches came from. You may be sure of that, Tarzan (quietly) Tarzan sure,