1) 100) text: Following Tumbo,
1) 109) dialog: 
1) 110) text: on ground. Rhino bearing down on him, Tumbo throws himself outside of scene as rhino passes on over Shot where Tumbo fell. . (USE BACKGROUND NO. 15 - 3rd PART)
1) 121) text: Rhino coming from deg. Soy swings into se on vines Jumps off, pushes Tumbo out of of rhino and then turns and runs out of se followed by rhino.
1) 194) text: Boy and Tumbo swinging safely up into tree.
1) 196) text: Rhino turns about and starts back toward boys. M2D. CLOSE SHOT - THS FOYS IN TRas The boys see the rhino charging toward them. Boy grabs a vine, shows Tumbo how to hold on to it and they both swing out of shot. Cheeta remains behind. WH HE. the rhino snorting and pawing the ground at the foot of the tree.
1) 206) text: Tarzan No.3 . . 24 Gree 103 CONTINUED (2) Tumbo pays no attention to gold = he looks up at Boy, deep gratitude on his face, He speaks to Boy in dialect. Tumbo (in dialect) : (I owe my Life to you. I thank you with all my bein. (his sincerity is obvious from the tone of his voice) Boy, puzzled, listens, There is a slight pause as Boy’ puts gold back in his pocket, en Tumbo solemnly puts out his hand, links e little finger of his right hand in "little Seen of Boy's left. He raises the linked fingers up to the level of his chin. Tumbo (solemnly - he is telling Boy he is his friend) Muganda, Boy (looks. down at linked fingers - back at Tumbo. He is puzzled, There is a pause) What'd you say? Tumbo (in the same tone as before - but raising the linked fingers a little higher) Muganda,. Boy (puzzled ~ looks at fingers) Muganda? Muganda? : (then, slowly is ariving at} Oh - do you mean friends? as he suspects what Tunbo Tumbo (dubiously) Frenss? . Boy (quickly) Yes - Friends, (points to Tumbo) You - (points to himself) (holds up linked fingers) Friends, (indicating Checta) Like Cheeta and me, Friends. Me - Tumbo (he understands - his face : dghts up = he spenks excitedly) Mugandal, - Frengel ~ Mugandal - Prenss} - Muyganda ~
1) 214) text: A young man, dying on the ground in front of a hut, a young woman holding him, giving him © water, Boys come into b, wateh, begin to get the idea, move on, CAMERA WITH’ THE, Tumbo worried, Boy *nonplussed, They come to 4 with- ered o14 man, moaning over a dead child, The two boys look ahout, In Dee, they see others of the Uhardi, some carrying their dead away, others supporting sick people, Boy (whispers) Why're so many people sick, Tumbo? Tumba keeps on toward square, Boy hesitates, follows,
1) 224) text: She turns over on her back, lies still. Tombo rushes in, throws himself across his mother, sobbing, and screams in her ear, try- ing to recall her from death. Boy enters difvidently, slowly. He stands in sensitive sile pefore Tumbo's grief. Cheeta hesitates in b. Tumbo finally accepts the fact of death, ke rises slowly, stares down at the lifeless body.
1) 225) text: Boy (gently) | your mother, Tumbo -- isn't it, Tumbo stands stock still, sobs. Boy joins his finger with his, Boy I'm sorry, Tumbo.... During last of scene the sound of: the tumult in ths square hus dicd away. Now, there is an extraordinary silence. Boy, after a moment, turns looks to invosti~ Bates
1) 231) text: The witch doctor stands before Boy a moment, his terrifying face thrust close to his, Boy looks nervously about him, coiitemplating flight. The witch doctor shrieks wildly, jubilantly. The savages crowd around Boy. The witch doctor shouts a command at two Ubardi warriors, who grab Boy and hold him despite his struggles, The witch doctor turns to the crovd - his voice triumphant, He has found the cause of the plague ~ a white devil, He points frou poy to the corpse of Tumbo's mother, linking em, . Witch Doctor (In dialect tells the crowd that this is the cause of the plague.) Hearing the witch doeter's charge, the natives begin to nod and murmur in agreement.
1) 232) dialog: Desperately, he tries to bresk the warrior's hold on Boy.. Tumdo Muganda$ Mugandat
1) 233) text: The witch doctor atrikas Tumbe's hand awny, Boy struggles. Boy (to Tumbo) Poll him I didn't oring the sicknuss, (to witch doctor ) Fricnd! Mugundal Idugandal CONTTM sa
1) 288) text: Out of the jungle, the safari truck roars, its siren wailing, and its exhaust wide open, dashing head on for the Ubardi, The natives, caught unexpectedly inthe rear, by this monster, break in panic, flee, Tumbo, scared, races away with them,
1) 303) text: Medford . Get in, everybody. Wo'll make a run for ite O'Doul starts motor, Elliott, Baroni, Boy, Tumbo pile into truck. Mcdferd addresses natives in dialect. They climb in.
1) 372) text: Tarzan (matter~of-factly) Men jhelp Boy. .Tarzan help men. Comes Tarzan turns away. Elliott (quickly) I don't know how to thank you, Tarzan. Medford (in low voice to Baroni - sarcastically) I'll be counting those six days. Tarzan starts off. Boy grabs Tumbo who has been standing wide-eyed watching Tarzan, and runs after Tarzan. Boy (to Tarzan) This is Tumbo, Tarzan. He's my friend. Tarzan (nods at Tumbo) My friend. The three move along together. Cheeta tags along with them. 153° OUT
1) 394) text: Medford. drives first truck. In the seat with him are Baroni and Boy. Tumbo stands in truck just behind seat. Elliott drives second truck, With him is M'thona.
1) 450) text: Jane swings down out of woods on virile. Soy sees Jane; races toward her. dane waves excitedly at sight of Soy. She races toward soy. They meet, embrace. Tumbb and O'Doul advance in beg., Tumbo trotting on ahead.
1) 453) text: CLO SHOT - JANE Ai BOY SL Jane (deliriously happy) Oh, darling....darling....where've you been? where'd y you go? I've been so worriedt Boy (trying to pull out of embrace) Are you going to punish me, Mother? Jane (has to smile) No, dear -- not now - but you must never go away again.,..never, What happened to you? mon” (casually) Oh, » nothing uct me approaches) ~ Here's Tumbot
1) 492) text: Baroni (he likes destroying illusions) There's no Man in the Moon ~ that's just an illusion. The face you sce is only the shadows of the mountains andcraters on the moon. Boy pulls back from telescope. Tumbo steps upe Boy (his excitement gone - speaks almost sadly) Oht I used to dike htm. ew hy Looked wo friendly.
1) 526) text: illustrate the reactions: the blacks in fear or awe; Tarzan, calm, aloof; Jane, near Elliott, excited and pleased; Baroni and Medford, bored; Boy and Tumbo bewil- dered, amused, excited,
2) 32) text: \ AN . Baroni (finally - coldly) \ All right, O'Doul - if you're finished there, you d better get moving. Medford Right! and see to it the equipment is packed for the road. We'll be back in half an hour. Baroni and Medford continue on,. disappear in - woods, O'Doul, with a last look at the grave, moves back toward clearing. 236-X2b. - ‘ MED. SHOT - TRAIN IN WOODS Baroni and Medford move quickly through moon- light and shade along trail in direction of Tarzan's home. 236=X3 CLOSZUP - TUMBO IN WOODS - WATCHING . Fear on his face. He pulls back, darts away into jungle, -
2) 44) text: Tarzan and Tumbo swing out on a vine ~ Tarzan holding Tumbo - and ake a landing. Tarzan races across clearing. CLOSE SHOT ~- IN WOODS aT HDCE OF CLSARING Mthona, with sub-moachine ready, peers .furtively out of woods, watching Tarzan.
2) 63) text: Tumbo moves cautiously ulong through brush, wan 249
2) 91) text: (as seen by Tumbo - Shot framed, if possible, by space between boulders.) No sign of Tarzan can be seen, out
2) 99) text: They crawl cautiously out of boulder hide-out -~ Tumbo on his hands and knees, Cheeta on her belly.
2) 100) text: Cheeta and Tumbo come to eiige, look off, Cheeta jabbers mournfully. Tumbo stares off with worried face, 256X383 LONG SHOT - LEDGE ACROSS CANON - FROM Tk#IR
2) 151) text: Tumbo crawling stealthily along in thick jungle, He stops, peers through brush.
2) 152) text: (TUMBO IN SHOT)
2) 168) text: They advance as before, The party close to-~ | gether, O'Doul behind. Tumbo again tries to signal Boy and Jane, They de not see him, But O'Doul's wandering gaze discovers him,
2) 176) dialog: There is a sudden, more immediate rattle of ‘drums in the woods and Tumbo ducks back out of sight.
2) 196) text: ©'Doul and Tumbo stand helplessly looking at approuchiae Lion, The lion growls - roars, O'Doul ani Tumbo shake,
2) 198) text: o'Doul (teeth chattering) hememake a-a-t- rerun for it, ses-sonny = I+I-I e-cecan't, Neither can Tumbo, The two stand trembling in their boots, The lion advances, veins to. circle theni, CONTINUED’
2) 201) text: O'Doul's Voice (OVER SHOT) Tne King of the Jungle, ye are - are ye? = 309-X1L WIDE ANGLES ~ O'DCUL,. TUMBO aD LION The lion blinks at the shadow-boxing O'Doul, then roars suddenly, O'Doul almest collapses, OM De. 6 ja: ing aside to Tumbo) hg addie -- a slow ani erunchin' Ce: iiar death, too-- (shoots u side glance at Tumbo) ~ though I s'yose you and yer relatives are used to it by now -- , il (in a groan
2) 210) text: O'Doul and Tumbo come racing out of woods, the lion followiny, and without the slightest hesi- tation, plucge into the river, They swim madly away from Tho lion, stopped by the water, stands rois nis fury at iis escaped quarry.
2) 233) text: to include Tarzan - from O'Doul's angle, O'Doul What would you like, Mr, Tarzan? Tarzan (points to trees) Vine} Get vine, Tarzan catch, O'Doul looks helplessly around at trees. Tarzan calls out in animal. mumbo-jumbo to Cheeta and Tumbo. He throws his knife across ravine, It lands on its point near Tumbo, Tumbo picks it up and serambles - quickly up nearby tree, cuts away a half dozen lengths of vines "that fall to earth, O'Doul (watching) Ye're a smart one, O'Tumbo - ye are, indeed, O'Doul quickly picks up rope lengths, knots ends together, He knots three, Meanwhile, Tarzan calls out again in jungle language,’ Tumbo scrambles down from tree, grabs up end of a loose strand and quickly climbs a slender sapling at edge of sand, Po
2) 324) text: Savages reach canoes, leep in and paddle wildly upstream. cur TO: 361X8 MED. CLOSE SHOr - O'DCUL AND TUMBO They ride downstream on their bellies ona log, paddling with their hands. Cur TO: 36LxX9 FULL SHOT ~ CANOSS UPSTREAM Two more canoes-have now been capsized. Natives flouder in water, race for remaining canoes. Crocodiles dart about, lash water. Screaming natives are dragged underwater. 362-3782 (OUT.