0) 0) text: A hot summer day in downtown LA. The streets are crowded traffic, dubious street vendors and preachers loudly proclaiming the Apocalypse. The mostly Hispanic crowd mix with tourists, who stare at this unfamiliar spectacle. BILLY BRODY, early twenties, a street-smart hustler, atte to cross the street. Billy’s basically a nice guy, despit having walked down some mean streets.
0) 3) dialog: Well, I was thinking about the... Sarah starts writing.
0) 7) dialog: That’s right. How’s everything? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 8) text: Just another slow day. Anything else I can get you? Billy hesitates. Something is on his mind.
0) 9) dialog: No, not really. Thanks. Sarah is about to walk away. He calls to her.
0) 10) dialog: I was wondering...
0) 12) dialog: It’s been weeks now, me showing up here, eating my turkey sandwich...
0) 14) dialog: I was thinking: What if I show up here like tomorrow and you’re no longer here?
0) 16) dialog: I didn’t mean that.
0) 18) dialog: You could like decide to get another job, or somebody gets sick at home and you'd have to leave. Anything can happen, you know.
0) 20) dialog: You see? That’s my point. Suppose you left with me never finding out your favorite ice cream, your favorite movie, if you like pizza over hamburgers -..stuff like that...or-- Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 22) dialog: You wanna go out with me sometime? I got Dodger’s tickets this Saturday. Wanna go? Sarah is charmed. Billy smiles.
0) 24) dialog: I knew it. You don’t like baseball.
1) 0) text: Billy exits the elevator of a parking-structure with his phone pressed to his ear while walking along rows of park cars toward a beat-up, sixties, yellow convertible.
1) 1) dialog: It's Billy. Billy keeps Stanley’s Kitchen on the opposite side of the street, in view. He spots Sarah, still in her waitress uniform, exiting Stanley’s Kitchen. She pulls out a cigar and lights up. BILLY (CONT’D) Gotta call you back.
1) 3) text: Aggravated and confused, Sarah is pacing in front of Stanley’s. Billy approaches without her noticing.
1) 4) dialog: Hey! Sarah turns, surprised.
1) 6) dialog: I saw you coming out. (beat) We never finished our conversation about-- He sees there’s something the matter.
1) 7) dialog: What’s wrong?
1) 9) dialog: I don’t know what to say. I’m really sorry. Hey, it might be a blessing in disguise. Maybe better things are waiting to happen for you.
1) 11) dialog: Is there anything I can do? The front door of Stanley’s opens. Sarah’s Boss calls.
1) 17) dialog: Thanks. He scribbles down his name and number, hands the paper ba to her. Sarah looks at it, brightens.
1) 19) dialog: Your pen! Smiling, she spins around, picks her pen from his fingers Sparks are flying.
1) 21) dialog: Yeah? Hello? A look of alarm comes over him. BILLY (CONT’D) Sit tight. I’m on my way. He falls out of the bed, fumbles for car keys, throws on jacket and exits the room. It sits empty for a few seconds before the phone starts t ring again, insistent and ominous.
2) 0) text: Billy runs up the staircase facing a gloomy, long hallway walks down the corridor, checking for the right apartment From an apartment door at the far end of the hallway, a d figure watches Billy who momentarily senses it: He quickl turns and peeks down the corridor: Nothing. Puzzled he mo on. Suddenly, a loud BANG as a door is slammed shut. Bill whirls around. Again. Nothing. Billy finds his way to the correct apartment. He takes a breath, knocks.
2) 1) dialog: Sarah? It’s me, Billy. Open up! No answer. He turns the knob.
2) 3) dialog: (a horrified whisper) Shit! Sarah! Suddenly Billy’s jolted by the sound of a faint sob. He t and recognizes a familiar silhouette which gives hima moment's relief: It’s Sarah. The resemblance between the girl and her is striking.
2) 4) dialog: Sarah...what is going on here? Sarah is tear-stained, traumatized.
2) 6) text: Jesus Christ, Sarah. Suddenly, police-sirens can be heard in the distance. Bil grabs Sarah by the arm. BILLY (CONT’D) C’mon grab your stuff...Now! A series of JUMP CUTS Billy helping Sarah dress/Billy stuffing clothing and oth random belongings into an old duffel-bag/Sarah rapidly st pictures, mail, a few stray folders in a garbage bag. Bil taking a last look at the corpse as the two make a rapid exit.
3) 0) text: Customers sit at the counter of a retro-style coffeeshop. Billy sips a soda in a secluded booth towards the back. Returning from the bathroom, Sarah slides into the booth. She is red-eyed from hard crying and still dazed.
3) 1) dialog: You're ok? Have some coffee, a muffin. You’1l feel better. He points to the coffee and an English muffin in front of her. Sarah glances at Billy nervously.
3) 3) dialog: Take it easy.
3) 7) dialog: Okay. Quietly, she continues.
3) 9) dialog: What happened to her?
3) 11) dialog: Wow. That’s really fucked up.(pause) What about tonight?
3) 15) text: Thing is, if it wouldn’t have been that dealer, she’d have gotten her dope someplace else. If this didn’t happen last night maybe it would have happened today. Some people just have a short ticket on this planet. There’s no rhyme or reason for it. It just is. Sarah stares at Billy. She pulls out a cigarette, nervous plays with it. Then:
3) 17) dialog: We sort of do now, don’t you think? Sarah sighs, glances far away.
3) 19) dialog: Why? Won’t make any difference now. It’s nobody’s fault.
3) 21) dialog: How about your folks? Where’s home?
3) 23) dialog: You can stay with me if you like.
3) 29) dialog: Good morning.
3) 31) dialog: +..you can stay as long as you like. She studies him for a beat. Gives a searching look.
3) 33) dialog: (shrugs, shakes his head) I do not. Everybody’s got a story, a bad thing that happened. My theory on life is ‘what happened, happened’. It’s what you do here and now and tomorrow that counts. Sarah permits herself a smile.
3) 35) dialog: Ahh, it’s temporary. I’m waiting for my brother to come back from overseas. He’s setting up shop in LA, pending how it goes with his suppliers. Wants me as his right-hand man.
3) 37) dialog: Import-Export. That kind of thing. Sarah smiles. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 11.
3) 39) dialog: You know more about me than most. Sarah gets a far-away rueful look in her eye.
3) 41) dialog: So, you do like baseball after all.
3) 48) dialog: (reading out loud) +... please be informed that under Alabama law I have filed in probate court... a process that might take up to ninety days. If you have any questions please contact me at your convenience, signed Cameron Brogden, attorney at law... maybe we should contact this lawyer. What else in the bag? Once again Sarah digs through the bag’s content. Suddenly she holds up a wallet. Billy moves closer. BILLY (CONT’D) What is it?
3) 50) dialog: I know, its none of my business, but I just wanted to see something. Sarah hands Billy the wallet. CU: DRIVERS LICENCE, displaying Ellen’s picture. Billy looks up at Sarah. As we have seen earlier, the resemblance between Sarah and Ellen is prominent.
3) 51) dialog: Unbelievable. Sarah glances at Billy, uncertain.
3) 53) dialog: I got an idea. It just might work...
3) 57) dialog: Beautiful but terrifying. She looks at him incredulous.
3) 59) dialog: Anything that awesome makes me know for sure I’m gonna die.
3) 61) dialog: .--- Shakedown 1979, cool kids never have the time - on a live wire right up off the street - you and I should meet ... Sarah opens her eyes, looks over toward Billy, smiles. Sh starts to recall the song as well. Tranquil, she sings al
3) 70) dialog: I thought I’d try. Suddenly, a key drops onto the wooden porch. Puzzled, Sar and Billy look at each other. CU: Billy inserts the key into the lock. The heavy door slowly opens. A moment passes.
4) 0) text: The interior of the mansion matches its outside. Everythi is on a large scale, dwarfing inhabitants as well as visitors. Inside the larger than life living room we see Billy, entrenched in a leather couch surrounded by numero hunting-trophies, stuffed exotic animals heads, which are displayed on the tall walls. Even though it’s morning and windows are wide open, the constant humidity is unfamilia unbearable to Billy. He appears anxious.
4) 1) dialog: Sarah!
7) 1) dialog: Thanks. Man, this heat. Billy sits up, sips the lemonade appreciatively. BILLY (CONT’D) Lets go over it one more time.
7) 3) dialog: The lawyer will be here at noon tomorrow. We gotta be on the same page or they’re not going to buy it. You got to know this stuff cold.
9) 2) dialog: Why did Niles leave all his cash to Ellen - to you?
9) 4) dialog: How did Niles get so rich?
9) 6) dialog: Very good. Sarah's attention is caught by a large antique rifle abov the fireplace.
11) 2) dialog: It’s a hunting rifle. Be careful... Intrigued, Sarah continues to examine the weapon. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 17. BILLY (CONT’D) Would you put that gun down?
13) 0) text: The long barrels of the gun keep swinging, pointing in Billy’s direction. Billy gets up and moves toward Sarah, attempting to push the rifle out of the way.
13) 1) dialog: Put it away now. Please. Sarah, rifle in hand, walks up to Billy and kisses him softly.
14) 0) text: Billy opens the front door and looks out. Nobody. He sees small pool of blood in the dirt. Billy looks down: The pistol. Sarah moves up behind him, scared.
14) 2) dialog: I don't think so. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 18. Billy holds up the gun and gives her an irritated look.
14) 4) dialog: Stay here. Billy cautiously walks toward the car.
15) 0) text: Billy walks back towards Sarah reading from the piece of paper.
15) 1) dialog: Car is registered to a Sal Marinaro. Right here in town.
15) 3) dialog: You go ahead, I’m gonna look around. Take the gun, just in case. The safety is off, be careful. All you do is point and pull the trigger. Reluctantly Sarah takes it. Her hands are shaking. BILLY (CONT’D) Easy, easy. Listen, it was probably an accident.
15) 5) dialog: Don’t worry about it. Both are on edge. As Billy turns to leave, Sarah anxiousl smiles. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 19.
15) 9) dialog: I looked everywhere. There’s nothing but woods for miles. Whoever it was... disappeared. Billy picks up the pistol, crosses the room and places it into a drawer of a nearby bureau. He slides down next to Sarah, puts his head into her lap and sighing with exhaustion. BILLY (CONT’D) (Pause) You didn’t tell anyone about us coming here, did you?
15) 11) dialog: I’m sorry, I was only asking. (Pause) Wanna know what I think? I think some curious hillbilly stuck his nose into the wrong place at the wrong time, got some buckshot his ass and hightailed out of here. I honestly don’t think there is more to it.
15) 13) dialog: I’1l make sure nobody’1l find it. Billy gently pulls Sarah closer.
17) 0) text: Sarah and Billy are in the midst of making love. Sarah’s is somewhere else. Breathless, she pushes Billy to the si
17) 1) dialog: What’s the matter?
17) 3) dialog: A silencer.
17) 5) dialog: Assassin? That silencer is a poorly made homegrown device. Please. Trust me, Sarah. Chances are we’re talking about some local cracker Joe. Nobody knows we're here and before you know it we'll be long gone and not a one ‘11 know what hit ‘em... Sarah remains silent. BILLY (CONT’D) Lets check this place out.
18) 0) text: Billy sets the large painting on top of the fireplace man covering the shotgun. He stares at the painting for a mom then exits.
19) 1) dialog: Sarah?
19) 3) dialog: What is it?
19) 5) dialog: Great...I found a painting, might be worth something. Sarah keeps reading.
19) 7) dialog: A child?
19) 9) dialog: Great. Last thing we need is somebody thinking they can get in on the money.
19) 13) dialog: Maybe it wasn't his.
20) 0) text: Billy finishes shaving, as Sarah enters the bathroom and hands Billy several sheets filled with the words "ELLEN NILES. Billy's studies the signatures.
20) 1) dialog: I don’t think I could have done much better. Sarah smiles. Suddenly, the doorbell RINGS. Billy and Sar look at each other. Sarah checks her watch.
21) 0) text: CAMERON BROGDEN is waiting on the porch. He's tall, very confident, strikingly good looking and well dressed. He checks his watch. The front door opens and Billy appears in the doorway.
21) 2) dialog: ...-Billy. Ellen's friend. Cameron extends his hand to Billy.
22) 0) text: Sarah, wearing her jacket, Billy and Cameron sit at a hug mahogany dining table. Papers and documents are spread ou all over the table. Cameron hands Sarah a piece of paper.
22) 10) dialog: Let me get you a glass of water. Billy gets up and disappears into the kitchen.
22) 30) dialog: How long will it take, to settle everything? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 27.
22) 34) dialog: Thanks very much. Sarah and Billy watch as Cameron’s 4X4 disappears.
22) 36) dialog: You did great. Except, you shouldn’t have pushed so hard about the old man’s money.
22) 38) dialog: I said you did great.
22) 68) dialog: I'm Billy... Ellen's boyfriend. Did you need something from the house? Belle approaches the porch.
23) 0) text: From the bedroom window Sarah looks down onto the porch watching Belle and Billy. Billy looks up, spots Sarah.
25) 2) dialog: Billy. Belle reaches inside her handbag, pulls out a pen and a s scrap of paper and begins to write.
25) 5) dialog: That's real kind but we’re only gonna be here a short time. At that awkward moment, Sarah appears with a tray holding three glasses of ice tea. Excited, Belle stands up to get better look at her. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 31.
25) 19) dialog: I wouldn’t worry about it.
28) 0) text: Sarah, sitting on the porch, looks up and sees the police cruiser nearing. Moments later, Billy steps out of the fr door, leans against the entrance columns.
28) 2) dialog: What the fuck do they want?
29) 2) dialog: What can I do for you?
29) 4) dialog: Sorry, we just arrived from out of town.
30) 1) dialog: Wish I could help, but I haven't seen it. Sheriff Robert glances at the barn.
30) 3) dialog: Not at all.
30) 5) dialog: No problem. Quickly, Billy walks back into the house.
32) 0) text: Billy enters, hastily moves to the bureau and retrieves t gun. He turns. Sarah is standing in front of Billy lockin eyes with him. Billy is on the edge.
32) 2) dialog: Nobody is gonna get hurt. But we can’t afford to let that hillbilly arrest us.
33) 12) dialog: Schoolyard pals?
33) 14) dialog: Brother! Of course. Same last name! Brogden!
34) 0) text: The three enter, sit down. The gun pokes into Billy’s bac
34) 2) dialog: An injunction? Who?
36) 2) dialog: More?
36) 4) dialog: What are the odds of finding that? Cameron stands up, puts the letter into his briefcase.
37) 0) text: Billy sits inside the El Camino and turns the ignition.
38) 0) text: Sarah steps outside and shouts at Billy who is driving by Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 38.
38) 2) dialog: I'm getting rid of this damn car. Sarah watches as Billy drives the El Camino into the wood
42) 0) text: The convertible is parked in the driveway. Sarah, torment pulls down the sun-visor, checks her face in the vanity- mirror. She pulls out a handkerchief and removes the drie blood from below her nose. The small plastic bag packed w dope sits on the passenger seat. CU: Pipe, as Sarah lights up. Suddenly there is a knock on the car-window. Sarah scream Its Billy, looking straight at her, puzzled. Sarah is sti holding the pipe. Billy opens the car door and slides in. Tense silence follows.
42) 1) dialog: I thought you were done with that. Where did you...? Sarah, trying to act ‘normal’ as best as she can. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 43.
42) 3) dialog: I’m not mad. Hey, if it makes you happy.
42) 5) dialog: Alright. Then I deserve to have a little fun as well, don’t you think?
42) 8) dialog: Not to worry. Let’s party together. Just like one time, ok? Sarah hesitates.
42) 10) dialog: That...is pretty good. A big blissful look comes over Billy’s face. He kisses he Sarah responds, kisses him back, as the two drop into oblivion.
43) 0) text: Billy eyes are wide open while Sarah appears to be sound asleep. Several moments pass. Then:
43) 1) dialog: There is a way out of this. Sarah slowly opens her eyes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
43) 3) dialog: Remember when I said that everybody has a history? I used to forge documents for a living.
43) 5) dialog: Back in Vegas I worked with this friend of my brother’s. Dean. Very cool guy, really taught me stuff. We forged passports, birth, death certificates, pink-slips, insurance claims, you name it. He had a fully equipped trailer in his backyard. Let me tell you, that trailer was something else. Super high tech. Anyway, there was this girl I knew from high-school. Long story short: Prom- night she crashes her mom’s car into a casino. Right on the strip. Put to icing on the cake she pulls out a fake ID. Get it? Well, that was the end of it. FBI and what not. I did a year in juvenile hall, then six months in jail. Sarah can’t believe her ears. BILLY (CONT’D) Point is, I was thinking about taking a closer look at Niles’ letters. The problem is, if I get caught... I’m going away for a long time.
43) 7) dialog: Not anymore. That’s in the past. Sarah turns over.
43) 9) dialog: Now wait a minute. I said my mom used to be a minister. She’s retired now... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 45.
43) 11) dialog: I was only trying to find a quick and easy way out of this.
43) 13) dialog: We're this close and you’re doing really good. I say, let’s play along a bit longer, see what happens. If it gets too dicey, we split. What do you think? Sarah hesitates.
43) 15) dialog: What happened to your lip?
43) 18) dialog: What?
43) 24) dialog: Hey! .-.and the intruder is gone.
43) 25) dialog: Sarah, turn on the light! Sarah searches for the light switch.
43) 27) dialog: Stay inside and lock the door! Billy darts down the stairs. Sarah slams the bedroom door
44) 0) text: Billy rushes down the stairs, goes to the bureau and remo the pistol.
45) 0) text: Billy storms out of the house. The intruder jumps on a di bike nearby, fires it up. Billy aims the gun but hesitate Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 47. The intruder races away and disappears into the woods. Bi notices the video tape lying in the dirt.
46) 0) text: Billy and Sarah stand around the open floor boards. Sever hundred dollar bills litter the floor.
46) 1) dialog: That guy knew exactly where the old man kept his stash. Billy kneels down, points his flashlight underneath the f boards and discovers several gay porno magazines.
47) 0) text: Billy pops the video tape into the VCR, presses play. CU: TV. Blurry home-video images. Two naked men on a larg plush bed are kissing. It’s the Intruder and Niles Zachar The camera zooms in on Zachery Niles’ face, as the Intrud “disappears below” to please old Zachery.
47) 3) dialog: Well, he was your uncle..
49) 0) text: CU: BILLY, asleep, dreaming away. Except the TV’s static house appears pitch dark. Billy’s eyes open. He hears the sound of food being prepared.
50) 0) text: CU: Two pieces of chicken frying inside a pan. Trying to forget what she went through with Eddie, Sarah, tense, mechanically prepares a meal. Moments later Billy walks into the kitchen. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52.
50) 1) dialog: Wow. Real home cookin’. You’re a real chef.
50) 3) dialog: What’s that supposed to mean?
50) 5) dialog: Well, I think we’re starting to know each other pretty good.(Pause) Where have you been?
50) 7) dialog: You’re ok? You look... stressed out.
51) 0) text: Sarah turns away from Billy, runs into the dining-room to pick up the phone.
51) 16) dialog: What? Sarah smiles a bitter smile.
51) 18) dialog: Fuck!
52) 0) text: Billy and Sarah sit on the porch, waiting. In the distanc police-car slowly drives into view.
52) 5) dialog: Can’t wait to see a team of crack law enforcement professionals at work...
52) 9) dialog: Cracked the case, Sheriff?
52) 11) dialog: No. Make yourself at home.
52) 13) dialog: Fingerprints? What for?
52) 15) dialog: You got some fucking nerve to show up here in the middle of the night... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 56.
52) 28) dialog: I think I’1l do it.
52) 30) dialog: Forge the letter. Might just be worth the risk.
52) 32) dialog: We'll get through this, I promise. Sarah slides close to Billy, presses tight against him.
53) 0) text: Billy and Sarah sit as Earl and a matron take their fingerprints. Sheriff Robert paces. Cameron watches.
53) 3) dialog: Was that the day he was killed? Ellen and I were in LA. Guess what? We can prove it, too.
53) 5) dialog: What is with you? You don’t have a shred of evidence against us. We don’t even have to be here, except for courtesy.
53) 10) dialog: You could tell, huh? What is this?? Listen, I know my rights. May I go now?
53) 18) dialog: Should I’ve told him about the guy, that broke into the house a few nights ago... Maybe Niles was mixed up in something... you know...something...fucked up.
53) 20) dialog: Short with long, dark hair... kinda stocky.
53) 22) dialog: I’m not sure. He tried. He exchanges a glance with Sarah.
53) 24) dialog: The guy dropped something on his way out. A videotape. Sarah and Billy share another glance.
54) 0) text: Sarah, Billy and Cameron enter the mansion’s entrance-hal
54) 6) dialog: Would Nile being gay, weaken the claims of an illegitimate son?
54) 8) dialog: I gotta question.
54) 10) dialog: In your professional opinion, how much longer is this whole ordeal gonna last?
54) 12) dialog: A month or two? I don’t think we can stay that long. Billy twists the cord way over to the right, then rips it back to the left. Finally the blinds lower.
54) 14) dialog: What did you have in mind?
54) 16) dialog: We'll wait... for the settlement.
54) 21) dialog: A hundred thirty five thousand bucks? For this? Cameron nods. They both look at the painting.
54) 22) dialog: Must be nice to have that kind of cash...
54) 24) dialog: Thanks for everything. Billy watches as Cameron drives away then shuts the door.
55) 0) text: Sarah walks into the kitchen. Billy is sitting at a table with a phone book. Sarah sits in his lap, kisses him.
55) 2) dialog: Trying to get to the other side of the story. I think Mr. Cameron Brogden is jerking us around.
55) 4) dialog: We may not need it. Billy looks up. BILLY (CONT’D) You're ok?
55) 6) dialog: You look pale.
55) 8) dialog: You don’t think I know what’s going on with you?
55) 10) dialog: You slept for fourteen hours that’s what's wrong. Listen to me. You need help. Go back to LA... go back into rehab if that’s what it takes. I’1l stay, get the money and we’ll meet up when I’m back. Sarah looks at him in disbelief. She bursts out:
55) 12) dialog: You don’t think I know that you’ve been shooting up? Sarah, unsure of herself, stares at Billy. BILLY (CONT’D) One look into your eyes and I know exactly what you’ve been doing. You think about what I said. Unless you want to wind up like Ellen.
55) 14) dialog: I’m gonna go out on a limb here. And keep in mind that this is only to prove how much I care for you. I believe you... He takes her hand and turns her arm over. Fresh bruises c her arm. Sarah looks away.
55) 15) dialog: +.-until its true. Sarah breaks down, sobs. Billy reaches out and pulls her his arms.
55) 17) dialog: Mr. Wheaton, Sly Wheaton? Hi. I’m calling regarding with the estate of Zachary Niles.
57) 0) text: Billy drives along Main street. He spots a parking space pulls in. Billy gets out of the car, examines the page fr the telephone book. Blinded by the bright sun, Billy stum across the street. HONNNNK! A car barely misses him. Bill looks at the numbers. 52, next to that 56. He wanders int alley, looks up. 54. Sly Wheaton's office. Billy enters. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 66.
57) 4) dialog: That’s me. You can call me Billy, if you want.
57) 7) dialog: Settle up?
57) 9) dialog: Well, yeah, that's what I wanted to talk to you about.
57) 11) dialog: I’m fine, thanks. Sly looks up.
57) 13) dialog: I just need some advice, possibly representation. I can pay you, as soon as... Sly starts laughing.
57) 15) dialog: -.. lets say... suppose the old man had an illegitimate child that was trying to get some of his money. What would be the quickest way to find some kind of solution?
57) 18) dialog: Well, I don't have that document. Sly smiles and nods, takes a sip from his glass.
57) 22) dialog: You could testify... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 68.
57) 24) dialog: This has already gone on forever.
57) 26) dialog: I don't have three grand. Sly leans back in his chair.
57) 28) dialog: That’s a fact. Anyway, thanks for your time. I’1l call you.
58) 2) dialog: Hello?(beat) Hello? (shouting) There's no one on the other end. Billy slams down the pho
59) 2) dialog: Hello?(beat) Oh. Hello there. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 71. INT. BELLE’S HOUSE, NIGHT In the background we see that she lives in the genteel lo middle class poverty that is the fate of most widow’s. An TV in her parlor, doilies, ancient watercolors, framed pictures everywhere.
59) 4) dialog: Oh yes. How are you?
59) 6) dialog: I’m just fine.
59) 8) dialog: She’s just swell. Uh, thanks for asking.
59) 10) dialog: That’s very thoughtful of you. I'll ask Ellen and we’ll call you tomorrow. How’s that?
59) 12) dialog: Ok.
59) 14) dialog: Good night. Billy hangs up, sighs. He rubs his eyes, stops, stares ah in thought. Something’s clicked in his mind. He swiftly p out his wallet, takes out the scrap of paper with Belle’s name and address scrawled on it. BILLY (CONT’D) (muttering softly) Wait a minute. He leaves the room in a hurry. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 72.
60) 0) text: Billy sits down at Niles’ desk, pulls out the old letter and places it in front of him. He takes a breath, then removes a letter from the box and compares Belle's name a address on the scrap of paper with Niles' name and addres the envelope. The handwriting is clearly the same. BELLE NILES’ LOVER.
61) 0) text: Billy enters. Sarah appears to be sleeping. Billy leans o her and whispers.
61) 1) dialog: I think we got what we needed. He kisses her. A tender moment. Sarah’s eyes slowly open.
61) 3) dialog: I’1l be back soon.
61) 5) dialog: You're worried about me?
61) 7) dialog: Go back to sleep. He steps away, exits. CU: SARAH, cautiously listening as Billy leaves the house She jumps out of bed, grabs her jacket and leaves the roo
62) 0) text: The streets are empty. Billy pulls up in his convertible front of Sal's Convenience store.
62) 2) dialog: Do you know where Laurel...
62) 8) dialog: Take it easy.
62) 10) dialog: Why don’t you try me?
62) 12) dialog: Motherfucker like you reminds me of my old man, until one day I walked in on him while he was screwing my girlfriend. Stuck the old service revolver right up his dirty crack and pulled the trigger. Trust me, he ain’t beating and drinking no more. Sal swings at Billy who dodges the blow, counters. Blood flying everywhere as Sal’s nose takes a bad hit. Sal’s so watches with a sense of relief and horror. Billy turns, leaves the scene. The other two teenagers, carefully move closer, checking out the carnage. Sal slowly comes to. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 75.
63) 0) text: Billy walks down the street, looking at the street signs. three teenagers are on Billy's tail.
64) 0) text: Billy's brisk walk has become a slow jog and soon he is a out sprinting. The kids stay right behind. Billy rounds a corner, ducks into an alley. He gets to the end of the al only to find a high chain link fence: No way out. The teenagers round the corner and slowly move toward Billy.
64) 2) dialog: Look, I don’t have any beef with you. Besides, take a look in the mirror, you don’t need another beatin’. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 76.
65) 0) text: CU: SWITCHBLADE-KNIFE, as the blade spring open. Sal’s son makes a quick move towards Billy. Billy grabs h arm, deflects the stab, headbutts Sal’s son hard. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77. Sal’s son drops the blade, goes down on his knees, holdin his bloody face. The third kid freezes, then takes off running. CU: Billy, breathing hard.
66) 0) text: Billy sees a street sign: LAUREL STREET. He takes out Bel scrap of paper, starts looking at the numbers on the hous
67) 0) text: Billy crosses a side street and looks to his right. CU: Billy. His face drops as he spots Niles’ Cadillac par in the back of the Oasis Inn Motel. Under great distress Sarah manages to drag Edward across room toward a french window. She pulls the curtains, open the narrow, floor to ceiling double windows and peeks ove the railing of a small, two feet wide balcony. The CADILL below is parked with its trunk towards the building. CU: BILLY, hiding near the rear of the motel, watching Sa standing on the balcony. Sarah pulls out the keys and hits a small remote attached the key-chain. The CADILLAC’S trunk pops open. She takes a deep breath and picks up the heavy load. She Manages to push Edward upright against the railing, then grabs his ankles and pulls. Just like a pendulum, Edward' own weight draws him over the railing, facing the trunk below. One last shove and Edward's is flying. CRASH: Edward miss the trunk. His body lands on a row of large bushes instea CU: BILLY. Staring, amazed. Sarah, large laundry bag in hand, comes hurrying down the back staircase. She throws the plastic bag into the corne the Cadillac’s trunk, then rushes over to Edward. With al her remaining strength left, she grabs him by his arms an starts tugging. Soon, the ordeal is over. Edward is stash away. Sarah slams the trunk hood shut, jumps into the fro seat and drives off.
68) 0) text: Billy is lying on a small couch in Belle's tiny living ro His face is covered with dried blood, a bag of ice sits o his forehead. Belle helps Billy to sip from a small flask His expression sours as he swallows the liquid.
68) 2) dialog: I had these three guys following me... Billy looks across the room: Its Sheriff Robert. The Sher pulls out Edward’s police drawing, approaches Billy.
68) 6) dialog: You tell me. Who the hell is he?
68) 9) dialog: You're insane. I’ve never seen that guy in my life. Billy's head spins, as he drops back onto the couch.
68) 12) dialog: You know, I was looking for you tonight.
68) 14) dialog: No, it wasn’t about the housekeeping... you and your late husband raised two sons, Sheriff Bob and Cameron.
68) 16) dialog: Your family didn’t mind all those long hours with you keeping house for Zachary Niles.
68) 18) dialog: You, the late Sheriff and Bob, you look like three peas in a pod.
68) 20) dialog: Not Cameron though. Belle shrugs a little uneasily.
68) 22) dialog: You truly admired and respected Niles, didn’t you?
68) 24) dialog: You had a child with him didn’t you... Belle’s eyes darken in alarm.
68) 26) dialog: I read the letters you wrote to him, asking that he acknowledge your son. How could you stand for it... what he did to you? I mean after the way you took care of him and the way you felt about him?
68) 28) dialog: If you didn’t want to make him pay, there was somebody else who did.
68) 30) dialog: Cameron is Niles’ son. And when Niles handed the inheritance to Ellen, he realized that he was going to be cut out of everything that was rightly his. Cut out, same as his mother had been.
68) 32) dialog: Deep down you gotta know... that it was Cameron that killed Niles.
68) 34) dialog: You’re not up on current affairs ma’am. The coroner’s ruled Niles’ death a homicide. (a beat) Your son killed his own father. Belle stares at Billy. A look of horror covers her face.
70) 0) text: Billy sits inside the convertible, contemplating. Moments later he steps out of the car, staggers toward the porch.
71) 0) text: Billy stands in the doorway and takes in the sights and.. smells. The room is dark but light flows in from the kitc Sarah is cooking.
72) 0) text: Sarah turns, startled by Billy, who's standing in the doorway. He looks awful. Considering Sarah’s previous ord she appears to be in control of herself.
72) 2) dialog: Ran into a couple of local tough guys. Sarah steps up to Billy, looks at his face.
73) 0) text: Billy sits on the edge of the bathtub while Sarah careful cleans his face.
73) 1) dialog: So what’d you do all night?
73) 4) dialog: Thanks. How did you get around? Sarah hesitates, then looks at Billy point blank.
74) 0) text: Sporting a new set of clothes, Billy has cleaned himself He walks into the kitchen and starts searching the cabine He pulls out a bottle of Jack Daniels, then opens the refrigerator, tosses a couple of ice cubes into a glass. is about to close the refrigerator when he notices the sh of a gun underneath a kitchen towel. He peeks into the li room where Sarah is busy setting up the table. Billy take out the familiar pistol, tucks it into the back of his pa Shortly after Sarah enters. Puzzled, she looks at Billy, he pours himself a stiff one. He points to the stove.
74) 1) dialog: Looks great. Billy takes a big swig from his tumbler, frowns.
74) 2) dialog: Boy, I really needed that. Billy smiles at Sarah as he leaves the kitchen, carrying bottle of Jack Daniels with him. Sarah freezes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 84.
75) 0) text: Sarah and Billy sit at the candle lit table. Sarah looks as Billy is picking his food, preoccupied.
75) 5) dialog: Very good. Billy makes no effort to conceal the fact that any small is of zero interest to him.
75) 8) dialog: Why should you? You’re going to be rich very soon. Aware that Billy is not quite himself, Sarah is getting increasingly nervous. She lights up a cigarette, as Billy takes another swig from his glass. Finally, Sarah finds t courage to ask:
75) 10) dialog: I’m a bit on edge. That’s all. Billy finishes the tumbler, puts the glass down and cross the room. He picks up the phone, dials. A new intensity o purpose in his eyes.
75) 15) dialog: Well, I guess you could say, I’ve been better and I’ve been worse.
75) 17) dialog: The headline is that I know a lot about you, your brother, your mother, and Niles.
75) 19) dialog: You know, I wonder what would happen if brother Bob gets a hold of the video? What do you think he’d say?
75) 21) dialog: ..."Zachary Niles’ spotless reputation”. What the fuck is wrong with you? Listen, you want me to call the Sheriff right fucking now? There’s a long silence. BILLY (CONT’D) I’m gonna take that as a “no.” Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 86.
75) 23) dialog: Make it ten. Cash. Tonight. Then we’1l get out of here, so that you and the rest of the cracker assholes can stew in your own shit.
75) 26) dialog: Nope. That’s one number that’s never comin’ up. He plays with his food. Sarah is about to break.
75) 29) dialog: What’s going on? Well, I think I should be asking questions. (Pause) Like, what do you have in mind for after dinner? Stuff me in the trunk with, you know, what's his name...? Billy pulls out Edwards cash checking card, reads: BILLY (CONT’D) Edward Romero. That’s it. He throws the card in front of Sarah’s plate. BILLY (CONT’D) What? You don’t think I know where you score your dope from? I saw you at the motel tonight. Boy, what a spectacle. Tell me Sarah, did you fuck him first and then kill him...how exactly did it go down? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Sarah is shocked. She hesitates, then:
75) 31) dialog: Well, he’s dead now, isn’t he? Might as well get rid of me while you’re at it, no? I mean, that is the plan after all isn’t it? Why split all that cash with him, or me, right? Sarah is stunned by this.
75) 33) dialog: So, you're telling me that “Edward Romero” didn’t have the same idea, a whole lot earlier?... I should had seen it coming, but I gotta hand it to you. I bought you hook-line and sinker. She walks over to him and coolly slaps him in the face. B wipes the slap off his cheek. He stands his ground. BILLY (CONT’D) So, what’s next? You’re gonna go up- stairs, shoot up some dope... then a little later you'll sit close, maybe even blow me while you’re at it and when I’m all moonstruck you’re gonna put a bullet between my eyes? Well, there is going to be a slight change in plans. The poise Sarah showed in slapping Billy has worn itself She starts to crack, trembles with emotion.
75) 35) dialog: Maybe I am drunk. But I’m not stupid. Tell me what’s the gun doing in the fridge? Desert? Sarah's face drops. She slowly backs up and starts to cry then turns and rushes upstairs.
77) 0) text: Sarah has locked herself into the bathroom. Her face is covered in tears. Billy is standing outside in the hallwa
77) 1) dialog: Sarah. Open up... Sarah reaches inside her jeans-jacket. She pulls out seve bullets and slides them underneath the bathroom door, int the hallway. Billy eyes widen. He picks up one of the bullets, then checks the chamber of the pistol: It’s empt
77) 2) dialog: Shit. Sarah... I...just uhm... about the gun. There’s no bullets in the chamber...
77) 6) dialog: I was wrong. I’m... I’m sorry. I mean it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 91.
77) 8) dialog: We're getting outta here first thing in the morning. Billy turns and heads downstairs. Sarah slowly rises from floor, picks up a ‘loaded’ syringe from the bathtubs edge She points the needle towards the sink and squeezes the b liquid down the drain until the plastic is empty.
78) 0) text: Billy sits at the dining table, a video tape is placed ne to the familiar letter-box. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 92. The old record player from Niles’ bedroom has been moved the living-room. Classical music reverberates through the warm, humid night.
78) 11) dialog: Mr. Brogden?
78) 13) dialog: Did you bring the money?
78) 15) dialog: You know, the guy in the black mask was kind of extra spooky. He looked to be your size and weight.
78) 17) dialog: It was you that killed Niles.
78) 19) dialog: And I bet you knew about us all along? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 94.
78) 22) dialog: You can't prove I killed the old man, ‘cause I didn't.
78) 24) dialog: Who’s he?
78) 26) dialog: You can't link me to... one of your boyfriends.
78) 28) dialog: Keep dreaming. You’re not going to see a single dime of Niles’ money: Sly Wheaton has a legal document proving that every cent of the estate was intended for Ellen and nobody else. Period.
79) 0) text: Billy moves in for the kill, but Cameron manages to get a hold of his pistol and shoots. Billy is hit in the leg. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 96. He dives underneath the dining-room table and keeps shoot away with Cameron “answering”. Windows shatter. A picture Ellen and Uncle Niles is riddled with bullets, crashes to floor. Another round grazes Billy’s arm. Billy drops the pistol as he dives toward the kitchen.
80) 0) text: CU: SHOWER HEAD, as water pours down on Sarah. Sarah emerges from the bathroom, wearing her summer dress towel wrapped around her head. Billy wakes up, rubs his e
80) 2) dialog: You did that?
80) 5) dialog: Sure. You seen my jacket somewhere?
80) 7) dialog: I got a surprise. I think you gonna like it.
80) 12) dialog: Hey, remember at Stanleys, when I asked you about your favorite ice cream? Check this out... I brought along a keepsake from the plantation... He holds the ice cream bar, puts the flamingo down. There no answer. Something isn’t right. BILLY (CONT’D) Sarah? A gush of wind goes through the room. Curtains blow, door swing. A series of quick cuts follow: CU: SARAH’S REFLECTION in a mirror on the bathroom door. EDWARD'S large hand covers her mouth. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 100. WHIP-PAN TO CU: BILLY, as he spots Sarah’s reflection. He whirls his head back to the parking lot, staring at a car the far end of the parking-lot. It’s the CADILLAC. WHIP-PAN TO CU: A COCKED GUN, pushed into Billy's cheek. WIDE: THE SCENE UNFOLDS. Billy standing inside the room. Keeping Billy at gunpoint, Edward steps out of the corner the room, tossing Sarah onto the bed.
80) 16) dialog: Ten grand’s all I got out of that friggin’ lawyer. A grotesque grin comes across Edwards face. He quickly crosses the room, grabs Billy by his shirt and pulls him from Sarah. Edward sticks the barrel of the 38. into Bill mouth. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 101.
80) 18) dialog: You can turn the place upside down. That’s all there is, I swear. Edward steps back and sits down on the bed. He takes the envelope and start counting the bills.
80) 25) dialog: Take the money and let us go. Edward raises his voice.
80) 27) dialog: What’s that? Edward moves toward Billy and Sarah, clinches his fist.
80) 36) dialog: It was my only chance to get out. So, I went along. Sarah is almost amused by how disappointing it all is.
80) 38) dialog: I wanted to tell you everything a million times. But I...I didn’t want to loose you... (MORE )
80) 40) dialog: Somehow in my fucked-up head I kept thinking that once I found a way around the lawyer, we'd be set up for life, and how it started wouldn’t matter. It’s a bad gambler’s habit: You need a lucky streak so bad you get convinced it’s gotta come.
80) 42) dialog: Sarah, there is no excuse for what I did, But, if I would have known about... what he did to you, I would have killed that monster a long time ago. Sarah looks ahead with a strange calm.
80) 44) dialog: But it was true. Sarah half-laughs, half cries at him saying that.
80) 46) dialog: I was in love with you from the first moment I walked into Stanley's. No matter what else I said, no matter what else I did, that was always true. It still is. Billy pulls out a rolled up canvas from the back seat and hand it to Sarah.
80) 48) dialog: Remember the painting?
80) 50) dialog: Yeah. I want you to have it. Apparently it’s worth around a hundred K. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 105.
80) 51) dialog: You can start fresh, forget about me. I’m a bad seed, just like Eddie said. Sarah is exhausted, not sure of herself. Then: