21) 0) text: CAMERON BROGDEN is waiting on the porch. He's tall, very confident, strikingly good looking and well dressed. He checks his watch. The front door opens and Billy appears in the doorway.
21) 1) dialog: How do you do? You must be...
21) 3) dialog: Cameron Brogden. It's good to meet you. Cameron smiles sincerely. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 24.
22) 0) text: Sarah, wearing her jacket, Billy and Cameron sit at a hug mahogany dining table. Papers and documents are spread ou all over the table. Cameron hands Sarah a piece of paper.
22) 1) dialog: You need to sign right there... But first I’‘1l need to see some picture ID: Birth- certificate, Passport, something like that. It’s just a formality. Sarah produces Ellen’s drivers licence, hands it to Camer then, calm and collected, takes the paper and whips off a "Ellen Niles". Cameron looks at the licence, appears satisfied. A slight smile crosses Billy's face.
22) 2) dialog: Ellen, I just wanted to express my deepest condolences. Your uncle had mentioned your parents’ terrible tragedy just days before the lord took him as well. May their souls rest in peace.
22) 4) dialog: If you don’t mind me asking, when was the last time you saw your uncle?
22) 6) dialog: When did you last talk to him? Sarah quickly glances at Billy, he doesn't know either. S pretends to be in thought, trying to remember.
22) 8) dialog: If my memory serves me correctly, he mentioned a telephone conversation with you, about a month ago? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 25.
22) 11) dialog: I apologize. I hope I’m not upsetting you any further.
22) 13) dialog: Come on, let me show you around the property. Sarah can’t help herself:
22) 15) dialog: Of course?
22) 17) dialog: I'm not exactly sure. I’1l forward you a complete list of assets, once I’m done with the assessment, but let’s just say, for now, your uncle was a prominent man. We're talking, maybe middle seven figure range.
22) 19) dialog: Cameron drives, Sarah is in the passenger seat. Billy lea forward from the back. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 26.
22) 20) dialog: The river marks the edge of the land. Cameron stops the car.
22) 22) dialog: At the top you’ll have a good look at the place.
22) 24) dialog: (pointing) Right along there, that's the border. Not that anyone would ever dispute it. Back toward the Mansion at the edge of a field, a tractor lies on its side. Sarah spots it.
22) 26) dialog: -.. that I’m afraid is where your uncle died. He passed out from the heat, flipped the tractor and struck his head. Sarah looks away.
22) 27) dialog: I'm sorry, I didn’t mean to be disrespectful. The sun is hurting Sarah’s eyes. She glances at Cameron, keeps her pose of gentility.
22) 31) dialog: Once the court approves your documents we should be able to transfer the cash accounts in two to three days. I can take care of selling this place. Of course you may want to consider hanging on to it... It sure is beautiful.
22) 33) dialog: I'll check in with you tomorrow. I’11 do my best to make things as easy as possible. Have a good evening, folks.
22) 39) dialog: A large, well-appointed office. Leather furniture on plus carpet, paintings on the walls. In the center of the room see a big polished wooden desk with Cameron seated behind Sheriff Robert bursts in.
22) 41) dialog: I got their file right here.
22) 43) dialog: Seemed like a couple of nice young folks.
22) 47) dialog: No kidding. Well, its the only El Camino in town. Shouldn't be too hard to track.
22) 49) dialog: I‘1l keep my eyes open. ALICE, the waitress, mid-thirties, a charming, typical southern “belle” approaches Sheriff Robert and Cameron. Currently single, she likes to show off her long legs.
22) 51) dialog: It's just great, thanks. Alice takes the plates, smiles back at Cameron.
22) 54) dialog: Please.
22) 56) dialog: Didn't say.
22) 58) dialog: Niles paid me my hourly price. It was fair and hardly cheap. And as for Ellen, she has a right to his equity by birth. It’s called inheritance Bob.
22) 60) dialog: Sounds like you got a crime wave on your hands.
22) 62) dialog: But that was an accident.
22) 64) dialog: Do what you need to do, Bob.
33) 6) dialog: Bob, what are you doing bothering these nice people?
33) 8) dialog: Come on, Robert. You think you’1l find it around here? Not to mention you need a warrant to search people’s property.
33) 11) dialog: I'm sorry about our overzealous Sheriff. Been like that since we were kids.
33) 13) dialog: Well in fact, he’s my brother.
33) 15) dialog: Our father was the local sheriff for many years. I think Bob’s just trying to keep up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 36.
33) 16) dialog: There’s been a rash of crime around here lately. Tremo is a small town, drunk teenagers ‘bout the worst thing we get. Cameron and Billy arrive at the porch. Sarah steps into t frame, greets Cameron.
33) 18) dialog: Doing just fine. Thanks for asking. Now, the reason for me stopping by... there’s been a hitch in your case. Billy’s face drops. Sarah looks worried. CAMERON (CONT’D) Why don't we all go inside and sit down? AT THE BARN: Someone is watching Sarah, Billy and Cameron
34) 1) dialog: It's not that bad, really. It's just ...well, some guy in Las Vegas has filed an injunction.
34) 3) dialog: I don't know, he's... he's claiming he’s Niles son.
34) 5) dialog: Yes, it is strange. My gut feeling is, most likely, he’s somebody just looking for a quick pay off.
34) 7) dialog: Yes, it does. However, if Niles didn't know he had a son, and then found out about it, and this individual could somehow prove that Niles had some intent to change his will ... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 37. There is an awkward silence. CAMERON (CONT’D) Option two... I suppose if you could prove that while Niles knew about this son and still left him nothing... Billy and Sarah look at each other.
36) 0) text: Cameron reads Belle’s letter addressed to the old Niles, same letter Sarah discovered several nights ago.
36) 1) dialog: Yes... this is very telling. I'm glad you showed this to me. It'll definitely make your case a lot stronger,...but you need something more.
36) 3) dialog: Well, it's not his letter. What you need is something he's written, that specifically says he wants all of his estate going to Ellen, despite any other claims.
36) 5) dialog: No reason to get concerned. You see, the burden of proof is primarily on him, the rival party.... will take a little more time, but ‘round here there ain’t nothing but time.
51) 2) dialog: Ellen, its Cameron Brogden on the line. Sorry to call so late at night, but, I have some, well, disturbing news. Sarah coughs into the phone. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 53.
51) 4) dialog: I’ve had a look at a coroner’s report concerning your uncle and it appears that he didn’t die of natural causes. It looks like he was suffocated. Its been ruled a homicide. I’m terribly sorry. Sarah pauses. Billy steps into the room, listening. Sudde a wave of nausea comes over Sarah. She puts her hand over mouth, as vomit spews from between her fingers. She drops phone and doubles over. CAMERON (V.O.) (CONT’D) Ellen...Ellen? Are you alright? Ellen gestures to Billy to stay back as she gets to her f
51) 6) dialog: Miss, I realize this must come as a shock to you...
51) 8) dialog: I wish I knew the answer. Another thing: Please be advised that the sheriff might stop by tonight.
51) 10) dialog: He'll probably examine the tractor, ask a few routine questions.
51) 12) dialog: Ellen, I had no intention of even remotely suggesting such an indecent premise. I’m truly sorry. Listen, don’t you worry. I promise you I’1l do my very best and handle this unfortunate situation. Meanwhile, let’s keep the conversation to the parties involved, let’s not upset the Sheriff any further, if you know what I mean. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 54.
51) 14) dialog: It's the part of my profession I hate, breaking such awful news. Ellen, I’1l be prayin’ for you and I'll keep you posted. Sarah hangs up the receiver. Concerned, Billy approaches Sarah, handing her a towel.
52) 25) dialog: Don’t look at me Bob, I’ve never been involved in something this complicated.
53) 0) text: Billy and Sarah sit as Earl and a matron take their fingerprints. Sheriff Robert paces. Cameron watches.
53) 2) dialog: Bob, you are crossing the line. (to Billy and Sarah) You don't have to answer that.
53) 7) dialog: The young lady happens to be correct Bob. Why don’t you just lay off. Earl, nods to the matron, hands Billy and Sarah paper-tow
53) 12) dialog: Bob, I have to protest. This is... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 59.
53) 17) dialog: I'm really sorry about what happened in there. My brother’s a good man. He is just a bit too eager at times. Billy thinks for a moment, then:
53) 19) dialog: Were you able to get a look at this guy, this “intruder”? Could you ID him?
53) 21) dialog: Did he take anything?
53) 26) dialog: If it’s all right, I’d like to see it for myself.
54) 0) text: Sarah, Billy and Cameron enter the mansion’s entrance-hal
54) 2) dialog: Good day, Miss Niles.
54) 5) dialog: I’ll get rid of this dirt. Niles had a respectable reputation, and I don’t see how its being tainted now will serve our cause particularly...
54) 7) dialog: Not significantly I’m afraid. The phenomenon of men with homosexual tastes fathering children isn’t that rare. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 61. Cameron puts the cassette into his briefcase. The lowerin sun beams inside the living room, hitting Billy in the ey He moves to the window to lower the blinds.
54) 9) dialog: Go right ahead.
54) 11) dialog: Well, once foul play is suspected, Alabama probate court will put an immediate hold on the case. I’d say at least a month, closer to two. The blinds won’t lower. Billy pulls on it, but it’s stuck
54) 13) dialog: Are you folks strapped for cash? Since I do have power of attorney, it wouldn't be improper for me to advance you some money.
54) 15) dialog: How about five thousand dollars? Billy responds without hesitation.
54) 17) dialog: I understand. Do you know anything about art, Billy? Cameron moves towards the mantel and points to the painti Billy retrieved from the cellar. Billy shrugs no.
54) 18) dialog: Well, Niles' taste in art was...pretty eclectic. I think he paid a hundred and thirty five thousand for that one. (MORE )
54) 20) dialog: I imagine you could get at least twice that much at any art auction. Billy moves closer to the painting. Two men aim muskets a large white elephant that is fleeing across a river in th African bush country, while African natives look on.
54) 23) dialog: I wouldn’t know...I should get going. He heads for the front door, resumes the avuncular mode. CAMERON (CONT’D) I hope Ellen feels better. And trust me, it’ll all work itself out. They’re at the door. Billy opens it to let him out.
54) 28) dialog: Yes you did.
54) 30) dialog: I'm not mad. I’m not mad at all. Cameron takes off his belt with its monogrammed buckle. CU: TELEVISION SET, as the tape continues to play. In the BACKGROUND we hear the SOUNDS of a struggle: Bits and pie of squelched words, brief shouts and screams. CU: JAMIE. A leather belt is tightened around his neck. A infuriated Cameron glances at the TV while his hands grap at the ends of his belt. Suddenly, the buckle flies off.
61) 13) dialog: And I’m sure he’d be proud of the way you're handling it. The medics pass Cameron and Sheriff Robert with Sly’s bod
68) 36) dialog: A match ignites as Cameron lights up a gas fireplace insi his office. He crosses towards a large drawer and pulls o file marked "Niles". Its the same file we saw earlier at Wheaton’s office. We see a second file open to Billy's po sheet, pictures of Billy and Sarah as well as a copy of a newspaper clipping: "DEAD JANE DOE IS ELLEN NILES 21, DAUGHTER OF FAMED ATTORNEY", is highlighted in bright yel Cameron moves back to the fireplace and tosses all docume one by one, into the flames. He curiously looks on.
75) 12) dialog: Cameron picks up the receiver.
75) 13) dialog: Billy? How’re you doing?
75) 16) dialog: I know the feeling. What’s on your mind Billy? Periodically Billy’s glance meets Sarah's.
75) 18) dialog: Billy, you gave me the wrong tape.
75) 20) dialog: I don’t think you trying to blackmail me and besmirch the late Zachary Niles’ spotless reputation is going to put you in good with the Sheriff.
75) 22) dialog: How much do you want, Billy? Five thousand?
75) 24) dialog: (Pause) Okay. The phone goes dead. Billy takes his seat at the table.
76) 0) text: Cameron exits his office as Sheriff Robert pulls up in hi cruiser and honks. Cameron steps up to the car, slides in
76) 3) dialog: What'd he want?
76) 6) dialog: What? Who are...
76) 8) dialog: No! Where did you get this?
76) 10) dialog: (reading) I can't believe it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 89.
76) 12) dialog: Good thinking... Bob, we've got another problem. I can barely talk about this... Cameron hands Sheriff Robert an envelope. The Sheriff ope it, takes out Belle's letter.
76) 13) dialog: Him... Brody, whatever his name... gave it to me. They found it in the house... it's horrible... Sheriff Robert starts reading the letter.
76) 15) dialog: Look at the writing. You know who's writing that is. Sheriff Robert looks as if he is getting punched in the g
76) 17) dialog: Mama used to spend a lot of time over there.
76) 19) dialog: I'm that son!
76) 21) dialog: Ask herself if you don’t believe your own brother. This whole thing is just awful. Sheriff Robert is breathing hard. After a long silence: CAMERON (CONT’D) Bob, I’m just as shocked as you are, but I’m sure Mama will straighten all this out.(Pause) Take it easy. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 90. Cameron slides out of the car. Sheriff Robert turns the engine, pulls out. Cameron looks on as the police cruiser takes off.
78) 12) dialog: You must be crazy to still be here.
78) 14) dialog: You got the tape? Billy taps with his index finger on the videotape placed to him. Cameron crosses the room pulls out a manila envel and slides it across the large dining table. Billy picks the envelope looks inside: Bundles of cash. He pockets th envelope, then shoves the tape towards Cameron. CAMERON (CONT’D) I hope this is what I came for?
78) 16) dialog: We'll discuss your tastes in home video entertainment on some other occasion... Cameron quickly stashes the tape into his jacket. CAMERON (CONT’D) I hope you can spend that ten thousand before they arrest you.
78) 18) dialog: The world is a better place with Niles absent from it, trust me on that.
78) 20) dialog: Well, I figured it out pretty quickly. I’'d happened to come across this article about Ellen’s parents’ accident. Next thing I know, you kids show up here with your hands out, well, it didn’t exactly look legitimate. You two had everybody in town all worked up. Kept any kind of suspicion away from me. Perfect timing. Cameron starts to back away.
78) 21) dialog: I hung around this dead-end shithole for twenty years. The inheritance is my ticket out. I sweated for it and I will have it. But, hell, I tried to be fair to you. I gave you and that chippie of yours every chance to run... but now... you're going to jail for murder.
78) 23) dialog: No, they got enough evidence that Jamie Albright killed him.
78) 25) dialog: The young fellow who tried to retrieve the video.
78) 27) dialog: I don’t know. The police is going to find your driver's license about three feet from where good old Jamie was killed. I called you from his cabin several times, so it's going to look like...well, you've been in contact for... quite a while.
78) 29) dialog: You know, Billy. You’ve got balls but no brains. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 95.
78) 30) dialog: Sly Wheaton had an unfortunate setback tonight. Trust me, he won’t be processing any more documents. Legal or otherwise. Cameron lets this sink in. Game over. The music in the background comes to an end.
78) 31) dialog: Now, do you really think I’m gonna let you walk out of here with ten big ones... of my money? Cameron whips out a PEARL HANDLED PISTOL, aims, but Billy ready: He fires his - Edward’s - gun at Cameron from underneath the table. Cameron dives into the darkness of living room. Looking for his pistol, Cameron glimpses at hip: Blood. Plenty of it.
78) 32) dialog: Fucker...
79) 0) text: Billy moves in for the kill, but Cameron manages to get a hold of his pistol and shoots. Billy is hit in the leg. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 96. He dives underneath the dining-room table and keeps shoot away with Cameron “answering”. Windows shatter. A picture Ellen and Uncle Niles is riddled with bullets, crashes to floor. Another round grazes Billy’s arm. Billy drops the pistol as he dives toward the kitchen.
79) 7) dialog: Checkmate. Game’s over. Suddenly, another SOUND of a gun being cocked. Cameron tu Sarah is aiming at Cameron.
79) 8) dialog: Silly me. I forgot all about you. Dragging his right leg, Cameron limps toward Sarah.
79) 10) dialog: You little junkie whore... She pulls the trigger again CLICK. CLICK, CLICK. Nothing. Cameron smiles. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 97. He grabs Sarah by her hair, throws her hard onto the floo Billy and Sarah huddle up to one another. Cameron points. CAMERON (CONT’D) Who wants to go first? CU: SHERIFF ROBERT, as he steps onto the scene, targeting Cameron.
79) 12) dialog: Bob? Jesus Christ, what the hell do you think they’re doing?
79) 14) dialog: Then how come you’re pointing your pistol at me?
79) 16) dialog: Robert, just turn around, walk away and pretend you never drove up here. I’m taking care of the two hoodlums.
79) 18) dialog: I’m dug in here Bobby, go home, please!