0) 0) text: A hot summer day in downtown LA. The streets are crowded traffic, dubious street vendors and preachers loudly proclaiming the Apocalypse. The mostly Hispanic crowd mix with tourists, who stare at this unfamiliar spectacle. BILLY BRODY, early twenties, a street-smart hustler, atte to cross the street. Billy’s basically a nice guy, despit having walked down some mean streets.
6) 0) text: The EL CAMINO speeds down the road. The dark figure drivi is EDWARD ROMERO, a tough looking man in his early fortie with plenty of tattoos on his arms. A PISTOL with a two i custom silencer attached, slides about the passenger seat
27) 0) text: Sheriff Robert drives. Earl sits in the passenger seat. Sheriff Robert hands him a camera with a long telephoto l attached to it.
27) 2) dialog: Why?
31) 0) text: Earl joins the Sheriff as they slowly move towards the ba Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 34.
31) 2) dialog: Oh yeah. What are you up to Boss?
33) 0) text: Sheriff Robert and Earl stop at the yellow convertible. T Sheriff nods to Earl. Earl pulls out a paper-pad and penc writes down the license plate, then follows the Sheriff.
40) 0) text: Sarah is at the wheel, petrified. Edward, in pain, moves the front passenger seat. Wearing a odd Hawaiian shirt, h looks surprisingly good. One wouldn’t know he was shot on days earlier. He stares at Sarah with a menacing smile.
47) 12) dialog: I ain't seein' no one, Alice.
47) 14) dialog: Excuse me?
47) 16) dialog: You don’t know what you’re missing, Alice. Alice rolls her eyes and moves off to her other customers
47) 19) dialog: I’ve got something important to relay to you, Sheriff..
47) 21) dialog: I got what you’ve been waiting for.
47) 23) dialog: Sheriff, they faxed us the Coroner's report. Earl pushes the report over to the Sheriff, who hastily o the envelope. Earl can’t resist revealing the highlight.
47) 24) dialog: It rules out heat stroke as the cause of death. It says he died from suffocation. Now ain’t that a pisser? Sheriff Robert studies the report.
53) 0) text: Billy and Sarah sit as Earl and a matron take their fingerprints. Sheriff Robert paces. Cameron watches.
53) 8) dialog: We’re all done here. Sheriff Robert steps into Billy's face, blocking him.
53) 14) dialog: What do you think Boss? We gonna get them bastards?
56) 4) dialog: Makes me look meaner. Sheriff Robert sighs.
60) 0) text: Billy sits down at Niles’ desk, pulls out the old letter and places it in front of him. He takes a breath, then removes a letter from the box and compares Belle's name a address on the scrap of paper with Niles' name and addres the envelope. The handwriting is clearly the same. BELLE NILES’ LOVER.
61) 14) dialog: Niles, Jamie, Sly, who's next? It's the "Dregs of Tremo Killer". The two officers and the photographer crack up.
78) 4) dialog: I ain't worried. My dad's been chewing for over forty years. Ain't nothing ever happen to him. Sheriff Robert shakes his head. He hands Earl the fax.
78) 6) dialog: You was right all along, boos. It’1ll be like shootin’ deer in a pen. Early studies the fax, then turns toward the Sheriff and holds up a monogrammed belt buckle displaying a big "C".
78) 7) dialog: Before I forget. Isn't this your brother's?
78) 9) dialog: At Jamie's cabin. I was out in the woods yesterday, finishing up the report. I just happened to take a closer look and there it was. Right underneath the bed. Sheriff Robert stares at Earl. Something clicks. The Sher turns the ignition, floors the gas-pedal. Earl spits a hu wad of tobacco out the window, reaches into the back seat retrieves a shotgun. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 93.
79) 21) dialog: Ain’t that bad, boss. Ain’t bad at all. I’1l have an ambulance here in no time. (looks at Billy and Sarah) ) What do you want me to do with them two misfits? Sheriff Robert hesitates, then:
79) 23) dialog: What?
79) 25) dialog: Go on. You heard the Sheriff. Get movin’. With Sarah’s help, Billy pulls himself together. The two quietly exit.