16) 1) dialog: SHERIFF ROBERT BROGDEN, JR. takes a report from SAL MARIN a heavy set man in his early sixties, owner of the stolen Camino. In the background is the Sheriff’s young deputy, EARL, twenty- something and skinny as a rail. Earl is a l shrewder than he looks. Sheriff Robert, early fifties, is often fumbling, a bit hot-tempered, yet, there is an innocent, almost naive core to him.
16) 2) dialog: I saw him, Bob. Musta been a city hoodlum, ‘cause he got in there and got that son of a bitch hot wired in less than two seconds.
16) 4) dialog: That’s correct.
16) 6) dialog: Sure as the sun beatin' down on this place tomorrow will heat it to a hundred and ten. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 21.
41) 3) dialog: Afternoon. Hot enough for you?
41) 8) dialog: That ain't him, Bob, but I seen the girl. She comes by the store every so often. Matter of fact she bought a bag full of groceries just a few hours ago.
41) 10) dialog: One hundred percent. Why? What’d they do?
41) 12) dialog: Yeah, yeah... his face was a little rounder, a little fuller. Mel continues to make the changes. Sheriff Robert looks h at the picture, as Edward's face starts to show.
62) 0) text: The streets are empty. Billy pulls up in his convertible front of Sal's Convenience store.
62) 1) dialog: Billy enters, as Sal nods politely. Sal takes a big swig a pint of bourbon and returns to watching TV on a small monitor. By the back door of the store, SAL'S SON and two other TEENAGERS are packing up several cases of beer. One the cases drops, muffled laughter follows. Sal peeks down hallway and spots the kids. His expression hardens.
62) 3) dialog: Excuse me for a minute. Sal disappears, moments later a commotion breaks out. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 74.
62) 4) dialog: You piece of shit, what’s going on here? SAL’'S SON (0.S.) I swear, I was gonna pay you back... ain’t no big deal.
62) 5) dialog: No big deal? Stealing from your own father? Is that what I get for raising your ass?
62) 7) dialog: Come on you sissy... just like your mother. Why don’t you start weeping while you're at it. Another blow hits Sal’s son hard in the face. Billy steps
62) 9) dialog: What are you doing here? Wait at the counter and mind your own goddamn business.
62) 11) dialog: You're with the Niles girl, ain’t you? Yeah, I recognize you.
62) 13) dialog: Be a man for once and take care of that son of bitch. Sal’s son gets up and the teenagers take off into the nig
65) 0) text: CU: SWITCHBLADE-KNIFE, as the blade spring open. Sal’s son makes a quick move towards Billy. Billy grabs h arm, deflects the stab, headbutts Sal’s son hard. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 77. Sal’s son drops the blade, goes down on his knees, holdin his bloody face. The third kid freezes, then takes off running. CU: Billy, breathing hard.