0) 2) dialog: Hi. What can I get you? Billy stares and smiles as Sarah.
0) 4) dialog: ...Turkey-sandwich? She winks at him. Billy’s delighted she knows it by heart
0) 5) dialog: Just guessing. Sarah sticks the order on the ticket spindle behind her a moves to a soda dispenser, filling a glass and puts it in front of Billy.
0) 6) dialog: Diet coke?
0) 11) dialog: Yes? There is an awkward pause. Then:
0) 13) dialog: Yeah?
0) 15) dialog: I guess I’m somewhere else. My day off. Like I should be so lucky.
0) 17) dialog: Why wouldn’t I be here?
0) 19) dialog: Well, I wasn’t planning to spent the rest of my life in this place.
0) 23) dialog: Let me think about it.
0) 26) dialog: I gotta go. Billy, disappointed, looks on as Sarah disappears into th kitchen. He peeks into the kitchen, catching glimpses of Sarah, as she argues with her boss. Billy sighs. Bad timi He leaves a ten-dollar note on the counter, then strolls a sign saying “Thank you, have a nice day”.
1) 3) text: Aggravated and confused, Sarah is pacing in front of Stanley’s. Billy approaches without her noticing.
1) 5) dialog: Oh, hi.
1) 8) dialog: You must be a psychic. Remember you said what if you came by tomorrow and I wouldn’t be here. Well, guess what? Stanley’s is closing. I’m out of a job. They stare at each other.
1) 10) dialog: I sure hope so. I got bills and rent due.
1) 13) dialog: I’m coming. Her boss's face disappears as quickly as it popped up.
1) 14) dialog: Anyway, not a good day. Sarah turns to leave. Billy calls out again. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
1) 16) dialog: Ook. Billy quickly pulls out an old receipt, but struggles to a pen. Sarah chuckles, then pulls out her pen.
1) 18) dialog: Funny. I didn’t even know your name. Billy. I like it. She turns to leave. He calls out to her.
1) 20) dialog: Thanks. See ya later, Billy. Billy watches Sarah slip inside, a big smile on his face. INT. BILLY’S MOTEL ROOM, NIGHT A dark, cheap bedroom. Billy is asleep in his clothes. Th telephone rings persistently. Billy, sleepily, reaches ou the phone on his night table.
2) 5) dialog: Ellen, she...I...I...couldn’t..she-- Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
2) 6) text: Jesus Christ, Sarah. Suddenly, police-sirens can be heard in the distance. Bil grabs Sarah by the arm. BILLY (CONT’D) C’mon grab your stuff...Now! A series of JUMP CUTS Billy helping Sarah dress/Billy stuffing clothing and oth random belongings into an old duffel-bag/Sarah rapidly st pictures, mail, a few stray folders in a garbage bag. Bil taking a last look at the corpse as the two make a rapid exit.
3) 0) text: Customers sit at the counter of a retro-style coffeeshop. Billy sips a soda in a secluded booth towards the back. Returning from the bathroom, Sarah slides into the booth. She is red-eyed from hard crying and still dazed.
3) 2) dialog: I suppose I owe you an explanation. It’s fucked up...how life can turn on you so god damn quick. Just yesterday I was full of hope, things were changing for the better. Finally. Next thing I know I’m out of a job, hours later I find my best friend with a needle in her arm. Dead. For a moment, it looks like she’s going to lose it.
3) 4) dialog: The girl...is...was...Ellen. My roommate. Billy nods, trying not to pressure her.
3) 5) dialog: Well, you've figured out by now I’m not this sweet, innocent girl you probably might’ve thought I was... A couple of moments pass. Sarah removes her jacket and stretches out her bare arms. She turns both her arms, revealing numerous scars. Needle marks. Healed up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 8) dialog: A few months ago, Ellen said she'd had enough of all this drug bullshit. She wanted to go back to school. So, she decides we should both check into rehab. She’s on the phone for days till she Manages to find a place that takes us. She even paid for it. So, we got really stoned and we went to this clinic. Except when I woke up, she was gone. I stayed.
3) 10) dialog: They woke her in the middle of the night. Her parents had died in a car crash the day before we checked in.
3) 12) dialog: We got into a fight because I asked her not to get loaded around me. I tell her I’m trying to stay clean and seeing her get high doesn’t make it any easier. I don’t think any of it registered, y’know? Couple of hours later I hear her fighting with the guy from next door, her dealer. Our dealer. At some point I fell asleep. Sarah winces at the memory, starts to tremble.
3) 13) dialog: And then I just woke up, for no reason, y'know, how that happens sometimes? And I see her on the couch sleeping...only she isn’t making noises, like she’s breathing... She starts to sob quietly, again. She puts her forehead between her hands. Billy gently touches her wrist.
3) 14) dialog: If only I’d just gone next door and told that prick to leave us alone! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
3) 15) text: Thing is, if it wouldn’t have been that dealer, she’d have gotten her dope someplace else. If this didn’t happen last night maybe it would have happened today. Some people just have a short ticket on this planet. There’s no rhyme or reason for it. It just is. Sarah stares at Billy. She pulls out a cigarette, nervous plays with it. Then:
3) 16) dialog: What am I doing laying all this shit on you. We don’t even know each other.
3) 18) dialog: I should go to the police.
3) 20) dialog: What am I going to do? I don’t even know where I’m going to stay.
3) 22) dialog: Wisconsin? No thanks. Not interested.
3) 30) dialog: Look. Thanks for getting me out of there last night. That was really cool, but I totally don’t want to take advantage of you. I should probably go and sort out my own problems... Billy interrupts gently.
3) 32) dialog: You don’t think I’m trash?
3) 34) dialog: Okay then Mr. Glass Half Full. How about you? Like I know nothing about you. Why are you living in a motel?
3) 36) dialog: What kind of business?
3) 38) dialog: Well, I know you’re from Vegas, your Mom owns a wedding chapel....you told me that the first time you were at Stanley’s.
3) 40) dialog: I haven’t been to a ball park since I was five. That would've been really nice. Billy moves in and gently kisses Sarah.
3) 42) dialog: I love it.
3) 44) dialog: This is not my stuff. Perplexed, she drops into a nearby chair, pulls out a let from an already open envelope.
3) 45) dialog: I got some of Ellen’s mail by mistake. Sarah starts reading out loud.
3) 46) dialog: Law offices of Cameron Brogden, State of Alabama. January 15th...Dear Ellen. As your late uncle’s friend and attorney, your uncle has bequeathed his entire estate to you, his favorite nice and the only living relative... I didn’t even know she had an uncle... Billy looks up, looks at Sarah.
3) 47) dialog: --. however, please be informed that under Alabama law I have filed in probate court... you know what this is? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 12. She throws the letter onto the bed. Billy picks up the pi of paper and continues reading the text.
3) 49) dialog: It’s Ellen’s wallet. Billy gets up from the bed, steps close to Sarah.
3) 52) dialog: What?
3) 56) dialog: Beautiful.
3) 58) dialog: Why terrifying?
3) 62) dialog: ...dunebug skipping like a stone - with the headlights pointed at the dawn - we were sure we’d never see an en to it all - and I don’t even care ... faster than the speed of sound ...
3) 67) dialog: This way. Billy turns the wheel and onto a dirt road they go.
3) 71) dialog: (under her breath) I don’t know... creepy shit. Billy hums “do-do, do=do,” the rhythmic twilight zone the Sarah nervously laughs at his teasing. Like Hansel and Gr the fairy tale, Billy and Sarah enter as bright sunlight floods the hallway. EXT. TREMO, ALABAMA - POPULATION 2003, DAY. A quiet and lazy day. The DARK FIGURE tailing Billy and S leans against a store window. A LIGHT BLUE EL CAMINO stop across the street. A LOCAL MAN and his TEENAGE SON get ou and disappear into a hardware store. The dark figure quic crosses the street, peaks inside the El Camino. The keys swing free in the ignition. The man jumps into the car and speeds away. Seconds later the truck’s owner comes running out of the hardware store dashes into the street as the El Camino drives past. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15.
5) 0) text: Sarah is busy preparing a pitcher of lemonade. We notice few grocery bags sitting on the counter, indicating that several days have past since the young couple’s arrival.
7) 0) text: Sarah, wearing a sexy summer dress, strolls into the livi room, carrying two glasses of lemonade.
7) 2) dialog: Again?
9) 1) dialog: My name is Ellen Niles. I was born on February seventh, 1986, that makes me 21 years old. I visited my late, uncle Zachary, once, almost fifteen years ago. I don't really remember much because I was really young.
9) 3) dialog: He never had any children of his own. Besides my parents, who passed away recently, I'm his only living relative. Billy fires off the next question:
9) 5) dialog: My grandfather was a hot-shot lawyer and developer in Pasadena.
9) 7) dialog: Look at this thing. She lifts the rifle from the wall. The weapon is a severa pounds too heavy for her, the long double barrel swings u and down. Billy nervously watches. Sarah smiles.
11) 1) dialog: Sure is heavy. Feels like lead. I wonder what he used it for?
13) 0) text: The long barrels of the gun keep swinging, pointing in Billy’s direction. Billy gets up and moves toward Sarah, attempting to push the rifle out of the way.
13) 2) dialog: This old thing couldn't hurt a fly if it wanted to. She smiles seductively, steps backwards. Billy grabs for rifle, but latches onto the tip of the barrel instead. Sa laughs, then, suddenly, she trips and falls backwards. He falls on top of her. A playful mock fight breaks out betw the two. Sarah pushes Billy with one hand, rifle in the other. He leans in, kisses her. Sarah, still holding the rifle in one hand, moves forward and puts an arm around Billy. She carelessly throws the rifle away from her, ont the floor. As it hits the wooden planks: BOOM! The hunting rifle goes off, blasting out a front window. There's a definite THUMP, as somebody hits the po outside. Puzzled Billy and Sarah look at each other. Bill Sarah jump up from the floor.
13) 3) dialog: Holy shit! Billy puts his index finger over his mouth, indicating to Sarah to be quiet. He stealthily heads out toward the por
14) 0) text: Billy opens the front door and looks out. Nobody. He sees small pool of blood in the dirt. Billy looks down: The pistol. Sarah moves up behind him, scared.
14) 1) dialog: Maybe it was an... animal or something.
14) 3) dialog: Look! Sarah points to the end of the driveway. The tail-end of El-Camino is sticking out from behind the bushes.
15) 0) text: Billy walks back towards Sarah reading from the piece of paper.
15) 2) dialog: I’m freaking out, Billy. Let’s go inside. Sarah turns to go inside the house. Billy remains standin
15) 4) dialog: I’m sorry about me playing with that old rifle. That was really stupid.
15) 8) dialog: Thank God, you're back. I was worried.
15) 10) dialog: Are you nuts? I can’t believe this.
15) 12) dialog: What about the car? Somebody will be looking for it.
17) 0) text: Sarah and Billy are in the midst of making love. Sarah’s is somewhere else. Breathless, she pushes Billy to the si
17) 2) dialog: I’m sorry ... its just... what about the gun? It has one of those things on top of it.
17) 4) dialog: Only a killer would use something like that. Some kind of assassin. Billy laughs, shakes his head.
19) 0) text: Sarah sits at the desk, reading.
19) 2) dialog: I'm in here. Billy enters the bedroom and leans over Sarah’s shoulder.
19) 4) dialog: They're letters... love letters from a woman. Very romantic.
19) 6) dialog: They had a child.
19) 8) dialog: But she was married and... and she knows it's his but she can't tell anyone.
19) 10) dialog: This jerk didn't want to acknowledge his own kid. Listen to this... (MORE )
19) 12) dialog: "I know in my heart that this child is ours, no matter what you say, consummated in a moment that's special to me I beg you to acknowledge your son who, in your heart, you must know, is yours". I guess, she really loved him.
19) 14) dialog: It was his. "And the most painful of all is the rejection of your love for me and for our baby..." Sarah looks curiously at Billy. The record comes to an en and the needle crackles as it quits playing.
20) 0) text: Billy finishes shaving, as Sarah enters the bathroom and hands Billy several sheets filled with the words "ELLEN NILES. Billy's studies the signatures.
20) 2) dialog: Twelve noon on the nose. Talk about punctual.
22) 0) text: Sarah, wearing her jacket, Billy and Cameron sit at a hug mahogany dining table. Papers and documents are spread ou all over the table. Cameron hands Sarah a piece of paper.
22) 3) dialog: Thank you. Cameron picks up a picture of a young Ellen and her "Uncl Niles." The young Ellen has dark hair like Sarah.
22) 5) dialog: Fifteen years ago, but you know... I was so young. I don’t remember much. Cameron nods. Although Sarah's response was correct, it c across a touch too prompt.
22) 7) dialog: Last time I talked to him?... I’m not really sure.
22) 9) dialog: (thoughtful) Yeah, that’s sounds right...about a month ago. Around the time my parents died. Satisfied, Cameron nods, sets the picture back down. Sara wipes off the perspiration from her forehead. Billy notic
22) 12) dialog: I’m ok. Thanks. Billy returns with a glass of water. Sarah sips away.
22) 14) dialog: I have a... a question.
22) 16) dialog: How much...what kind of inheritance, money are we talking about? I’m totally clueless. Billy stares at Sarah. The question hangs in the air.
22) 25) dialog: What’s the turned over tractor doing there?
22) 28) dialog: Let’s just go.
22) 32) dialog: It is, but it’s not for us. Thanks. Cameron steps inside his 4x4.
22) 35) dialog: That guy makes me nervous.
22) 37) dialog: What’s the difference? The only person that knew what Ellen really looked like died on that tractor. And you said I did good.
23) 0) text: From the bedroom window Sarah looks down onto the porch watching Belle and Billy. Billy looks up, spots Sarah.
24) 0) text: Sarah climbs down the stairs and moves toward the kitchen She stops as she sees a picture of Niles and Ellen on a bureau. Sarah glances at the picture and pulls her hair b the way Ellen used to wear it.
25) 7) dialog: I’m sorry. I was...too young to remember, won’t you have some tea?
25) 10) dialog: I know how you feel. Sarah reaches out and hugs Belle, looking at Billy with a helpless expression. Belle gets her composure back.
25) 12) dialog: What?
25) 14) dialog: Musta outgrown it.
25) 16) dialog: You too, Belle. Sarah and Belle get up, hug awkwardly one more time. Eventually, Belle lets go of Sarah then turns. Billy help her down the porch. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 32.
25) 18) dialog: Beauty mark.
28) 0) text: Sarah, sitting on the porch, looks up and sees the police cruiser nearing. Moments later, Billy steps out of the fr door, leans against the entrance columns.
28) 1) dialog: Visitors around the clock.
32) 0) text: Billy enters, hastily moves to the bureau and retrieves t gun. He turns. Sarah is standing in front of Billy lockin eyes with him. Billy is on the edge.
32) 1) dialog: What are you doing? Billy checks the cylinder, closes it.
32) 3) dialog: You’re crazy! He tucks the gun into his pants, sidesteps Sarah, exits. Sarah rushes towards the window, watches the action unfol
33) 4) dialog: Honey? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 35. Sarah has stepped onto the porch wearing her jeans jacket Billy turns, stops. He stands halfway between the house a the barn, fingering the gun. The tension is about to clim when a car comes traveling down the dirt road. As Earl struggles to open the door, Billy squints at the approach car. Billy pulls his shirt tail over the pistol.
33) 17) dialog: How are you doing Mr. Brogden?
34) 4) dialog: Las Vegas? Very strange. Billy and Sarah are uneasy. Cameron notices.
34) 6) dialog: I don’t get it, doesn’t the will leave everything to me?
34) 8) dialog: Excuse me for a second.
35) 0) text: Sarah steps into Niles bedroom and starts searching the d A few moments later she finds what she is looking for.
36) 0) text: Cameron reads Belle’s letter addressed to the old Niles, same letter Sarah discovered several nights ago.
38) 0) text: Sarah steps outside and shouts at Billy who is driving by Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 38.
38) 1) dialog: Where are you going?
40) 0) text: Sarah is at the wheel, petrified. Edward, in pain, moves the front passenger seat. Wearing a odd Hawaiian shirt, h looks surprisingly good. One wouldn’t know he was shot on days earlier. He stares at Sarah with a menacing smile.
40) 2) dialog: Eddie...what...what are you doing here??
40) 4) dialog: You gotta believe me, I don’t know what you’re talking about. We’re just passing through, paying our respects, that’s all.
40) 6) dialog: I don’t understand. Why you’re doing this?
40) 8) dialog: What? He jabs lightly but insultingly at the side of her face.
40) 10) dialog: Oh my God. It was an accident. I fell... I’m so sorry.
40) 14) dialog: He’s just a guy. He’s nobody. As she speaks Edward has produced some white powder which is deftly packing into a pipe. He lights it, takes a drag
40) 16) dialog: Billy...
40) 18) dialog: (shaking, desperate) The lawyer says it’ll be a few more days before he’s going to transfer the assets. Edward lets go of Sarah’s face. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 41.
40) 20) dialog: I’ll be there. Edward pulls out a small plastic bag and drops it between Sarah's legs.
42) 0) text: The convertible is parked in the driveway. Sarah, torment pulls down the sun-visor, checks her face in the vanity- mirror. She pulls out a handkerchief and removes the drie blood from below her nose. The small plastic bag packed w dope sits on the passenger seat. CU: Pipe, as Sarah lights up. Suddenly there is a knock on the car-window. Sarah scream Its Billy, looking straight at her, puzzled. Sarah is sti holding the pipe. Billy opens the car door and slides in. Tense silence follows.
42) 2) dialog: I’m sorry. I found a little with Ellen’s stuff. That and the pipe. You know, with all the shit that we’re dealing with, I feel like its ok to have a little... fun. You’re mad?
42) 4) dialog: I want us both to be happy.
42) 6) dialog: What do you mean? Billy reaches out and takes the pipe and the lighter from hands. Sarah is unsure, nervous.
42) 7) dialog: What are you doing? Are you sure about this? Last thing I wanna do is get you hooked on dope.
42) 9) dialog: Ok. Billy lights up the pipe, inhales. Sarah watches.
43) 0) text: Billy eyes are wide open while Sarah appears to be sound asleep. Several moments pass. Then:
43) 4) dialog: You what?
43) 6) dialog: So, what, you're like a forger? A scam artist. What the ...?
43) 8) dialog: And what do you call us being here? Its a scam. Billy, you say that your mother is a minister and runs a wedding-chapel. And what about your brother and this business thing in LA? I’ve never seen you call him once. Do you really expect me to believe any of it?
43) 10) dialog: Stop it. I’m not an idiot, you know. I don’t care about what you used to do, your history... Actually, the less you say, the better. I like you for who you are. For some very bizarre reason I even trust you. Just... don’t lie anymore. There is long pause. Then:
43) 12) dialog: I think we should get out of here. That's quick and easy. Ellen’s dead. Stealing her money... Billy, nothing is right about any of this. It’s a delicate situation. After a moment:
43) 14) dialog: Let’s sleep on it. Billy smiles, kisses her. He notices a cut on Sarah’s lip
43) 16) dialog: I bit on it. Had a bad dream. A little to prompt of an answer. Suddenly her head pops u
43) 17) dialog: Did you hear that?
43) 19) dialog: There’s something out there. Sarah jumps out of bed and pokes her head into the hallwa Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 46.
43) 26) dialog: I can’t find it! Suddenly there’s a noise as Billy and Sarah watch the fig jump out the open window. Quickly, the two move back towa their bedroom.
46) 0) text: Billy and Sarah stand around the open floor boards. Sever hundred dollar bills litter the floor.
46) 2) dialog: .-..and his “personal” secrets.
47) 4) dialog: Very funny...
47) 29) dialog: Thanks. She looks around the room not knowing what to say. Then: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 50.
47) 30) dialog: I thought you might wanna know... this whole thing turns out to have lots of kinks. It could take months.
47) 32) dialog: What if I can’t? Edward moves close, touches her hair. Sarah is petrified.
47) 34) dialog: I got the gun like you asked. Edward doesn’t respond.
47) 35) dialog: I better leave.
47) 37) dialog: Stop it! Don’t. I don’t... Edward grabs her shoulders and throws her onto the bed. H looks are stone cold.
47) 39) dialog: What...? Edward unbuckles his belt, unzips his pants and grabs Sar wrists, pushing his free hand into her pants. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 51.
47) 40) dialog: Leave me alone!! Don’t... I can’t... Don’t do this please....
47) 42) dialog: Get of f!!!! Edward continues his assault. Tears cover Sarah’s face. I the background the TV roars as wrestling match comes to a brutal climax.
50) 0) text: CU: Two pieces of chicken frying inside a pan. Trying to forget what she went through with Eddie, Sarah, tense, mechanically prepares a meal. Moments later Billy walks into the kitchen. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52.
50) 2) dialog: I got lots of talents you don’t know about.
50) 4) dialog: I mean we only just met for God’s sake.
50) 6) dialog: Went into town while you were sleeping. Store was closed. I drove around, got lost. I hate this place. Not one god damn supermarket. Billy sits down at the kitchen table. After a moment:
50) 8) dialog: It’s the heat.
51) 0) text: Sarah turns away from Billy, runs into the dining-room to pick up the phone.
51) 1) dialog: Hello?
51) 3) dialog: Excuse me. What is it?
51) 5) dialog: I’m just not feeling well right now.
51) 7) dialog: +.. who would want to kill that sweet old man?
51) 9) dialog: The Sheriff?? What does he want?
51) 11) dialog: Well, I didn’t kill him if that’s where you’re going with this. And neither did Billy.
51) 13) dialog: Yeah, well, thanks for calling...
51) 15) dialog: Well, this whole deal just got a whole lot more fucked up than it was already...
51) 17) dialog: Sheriff ‘Bob’ ordered a coroner’s report and just got the results. Niles’ death is now officially a homicide. Excuse me... She rushes for the nearest bathroom.
52) 0) text: Billy and Sarah sit on the porch, waiting. In the distanc police-car slowly drives into view.
52) 1) dialog: Here they come. Sheriff Robert and Earl step out of the police car and wa up to the porch. Billy and Sarah sit there, doing their b imitation of a decent rural couple out of American Gothic
52) 3) dialog: What’s going on?
52) 27) dialog: Nothing but trees, swamps and boiling heat. I don’t know how anybody can live here.
52) 29) dialog: Do what?
52) 31) dialog: I don’t want you to do anything stupid. I mean that. But, if you think it’d get us out of here faster... murder, weird hillbilly sex-tapes, not to mention that I shot somebody. Accident or not. This is a bad bad fucking nightmare.
53) 0) text: Billy and Sarah sit as Earl and a matron take their fingerprints. Sheriff Robert paces. Cameron watches.
53) 6) dialog: He’s just being mean Billy, don’t let him bother you.
53) 23) dialog: We didn’t bother you about it but with the Sheriff pulling all this nonsense... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 60. Billy’s tentative. Something's not right. But they’ve gon this far.
53) 25) dialog: Uncle Niles is on it and uhm, it’s, well, it’s not altogether pleasant to look at.
54) 0) text: Sarah, Billy and Cameron enter the mansion’s entrance-hal
54) 1) dialog: If you'll excuse me I’m going to lie down, see if my stomach can settle. Sarah disappears up the staircase.
55) 0) text: Sarah walks into the kitchen. Billy is sitting at a table with a phone book. Sarah sits in his lap, kisses him.
55) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
55) 3) dialog: What about the letter?
55) 5) dialog: I’m fine. Sarah gets up, moves to the refrigerator, pulls out a car of milk and fills a cup.
55) 7) dialog: Really? Well,... thanks! Sarah takes a sip.
55) 9) dialog: What are you talking about? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 64.
55) 11) dialog: You know what Billy? I just wish you’d get your act together and forge that goddamn letter. All you do is talk and talk and wait and wait. I’m sick of this fucking place.
55) 13) dialog: You’re wrong. Billy gets up and moves close to her.
55) 16) dialog: I’1l quit. Soon. When this is over. We’re in this together... Sarah slides away from Billy, walks out of the kitchen. B looks after her. He sits down and flips through the phone book, to... lawyers. He sees Cameron's ad and one other l ad for SLY WHEATON, the only other lawyer in Tremo. It's already been circled in thick black ink. Billy rips out t page, slams the phone book shut and dials. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 65.
58) 0) text: CU: SARAH. Lying in Bed, like frozen. Starring into nothi In the background we hear the phone ringing.
59) 0) text: CU: SARAH. Lying in Bed, like frozen. Starring into nothi In the background we hear the phone ringing.
61) 0) text: Billy enters. Sarah appears to be sleeping. Billy leans o her and whispers.
61) 2) dialog: What?
61) 4) dialog: Be careful. Her remark surprises him.
61) 6) dialog: Always. Billy kisses her once more.
62) 15) dialog: It’s me, Sarah, open up. Edward checks the security-hole, opens the door. Sarah ho a Burger King paper bag.
62) 17) dialog: Thought you might be hungry... I really need to use the bathroom. Edward looks at the bag. He sticks his head out into the outside hallway, checks left and right.
65) 2) dialog: Eddie... did you know you’ve got the smallest penis I’ve ever seen. All the time you were on top me... nope, didn’t feel a thing. Nothing. Zero. I kept thinking: Poor Eddie. What a sad story. You know, I almost started calling you two inch Eddie. Kinda funny, no? Edward is shrieking. Lots of blood is oozing from his eye
65) 3) dialog: I cried plenty. I did. The mere thought of you touching me... I couldn’t get it out of my head... But look who’s crying now? You want me to end your misery? No Problem! Sarah fires one round into Edward’s chest. His remaining opens wide as his body slips away into oblivion. She slow lowers the gun, stares at the corpse. She’s never shot anybody before.
67) 0) text: Billy crosses a side street and looks to his right. CU: Billy. His face drops as he spots Niles’ Cadillac par in the back of the Oasis Inn Motel. Under great distress Sarah manages to drag Edward across room toward a french window. She pulls the curtains, open the narrow, floor to ceiling double windows and peeks ove the railing of a small, two feet wide balcony. The CADILL below is parked with its trunk towards the building. CU: BILLY, hiding near the rear of the motel, watching Sa standing on the balcony. Sarah pulls out the keys and hits a small remote attached the key-chain. The CADILLAC’S trunk pops open. She takes a deep breath and picks up the heavy load. She Manages to push Edward upright against the railing, then grabs his ankles and pulls. Just like a pendulum, Edward' own weight draws him over the railing, facing the trunk below. One last shove and Edward's is flying. CRASH: Edward miss the trunk. His body lands on a row of large bushes instea CU: BILLY. Staring, amazed. Sarah, large laundry bag in hand, comes hurrying down the back staircase. She throws the plastic bag into the corne the Cadillac’s trunk, then rushes over to Edward. With al her remaining strength left, she grabs him by his arms an starts tugging. Soon, the ordeal is over. Edward is stash away. Sarah slams the trunk hood shut, jumps into the fro seat and drives off.
71) 0) text: Billy stands in the doorway and takes in the sights and.. smells. The room is dark but light flows in from the kitc Sarah is cooking.
72) 0) text: Sarah turns, startled by Billy, who's standing in the doorway. He looks awful. Considering Sarah’s previous ord she appears to be in control of herself.
72) 1) dialog: What happened to you?
72) 3) dialog: Jes... that doesn’t look very good. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 83.
73) 0) text: Billy sits on the edge of the bathtub while Sarah careful cleans his face.
73) 2) dialog: I went shopping. I found another market a couple of miles outside of town. Hold still. Sarah applies a band-aide onto Billy’s forehead, then kis him.
73) 3) dialog: There you go. Just like new.
73) 5) dialog: How did I get around? I took the Cadillac if that’s ok with you. Dinner will be ready in a minute. She smiles and exits the bathroom.
74) 0) text: Sporting a new set of clothes, Billy has cleaned himself He walks into the kitchen and starts searching the cabine He pulls out a bottle of Jack Daniels, then opens the refrigerator, tosses a couple of ice cubes into a glass. is about to close the refrigerator when he notices the sh of a gun underneath a kitchen towel. He peeks into the li room where Sarah is busy setting up the table. Billy take out the familiar pistol, tucks it into the back of his pa Shortly after Sarah enters. Puzzled, she looks at Billy, he pours himself a stiff one. He points to the stove.
75) 0) text: Sarah and Billy sit at the candle lit table. Sarah looks as Billy is picking his food, preoccupied.
75) 1) dialog: I forgot the salad.
75) 4) dialog: There were all these cook books in the kitchen. This dish is a local favorite.
75) 6) dialog: This morning, I was thinking about Stanley's, the day you asked me out. I remember coming out of the kitchen with your turkey-sandwich but you had left already. I thought I would never see you again. (beat) And here we are. You and I. Having dinner. Billy looks straight at Sarah, continuing his silence.
75) 7) dialog: ..-Stanley’s. I hope I’1ll never have to work in a place like that again.
75) 9) dialog: What’s up with the drinking? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 85.
75) 25) dialog: The lawyer? It’s not coming through is it? The inheritance.
75) 27) dialog: I had enough. I wanna get out of here, Billy. As in yesterday. Billy says nothing, then he just stares at her coldly.
75) 28) dialog: What’s wrong? What’s going on? She gets up, starts pacing the room. Billy remains seated
75) 30) dialog: I did not fuck him! That guy is Ellen's dealer. She owed him a ton of money and somehow he thinks that I have to pay him back.
75) 32) dialog: How dare you? I didn’t have a clue about Ellen’s money till I found that letter. Besides, this is all your scheme! Not mine! Remember?
75) 34) dialog: You’re drunk. That’s why you talk so crazy! You think I went to that hotel room to get high, or worse, sleep with that animal? You think I fooled you. You fooled me. I didn’t know you were just another asshole. Billy stands up, pulls out the gun and points it at Sarah Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 88.
77) 0) text: Sarah has locked herself into the bathroom. Her face is covered in tears. Billy is standing outside in the hallwa
77) 3) dialog: Stay away! Nothing worse than the stench of booze. There is a long pause. Nobody knows what to say. Then:
77) 4) dialog: You know, my dad owned this car dealership. When sales were up and he was drunk enough, he’d run around the house calling himself the ‘King of Chrysler’. It was so damn stupid. On weekends he had these business friends over to our house. His “Inner Circle” he said. Sometimes, around three, four in the morning, he would come bashing into our rooms and drag us down into the den. First they made us drink and sometimes we had to dance and strip. Billy glances at the bullets as he listens closely.
77) 5) dialog: Dad came up with this idea for a contest. Whoever was the most sexy was allowed to go back to bed. I was eight, I think. My two sisters were older and they’d do all kinds of things. I tell you, the stink of liquor and old men, I’1l1 never forget it.
77) 7) dialog: Listen. Eddie showed up out of the blue. I was going to tell you, I swear, but he kept saying that he was going to kill us both if I mention him to anybody. There is silence, then:
79) 9) dialog: I will pull the trigger. Sarah pulls the trigger. The gun fires nicking Cameron’s Cameron keeps moving, swatting the blood from his ear.
80) 0) text: CU: SHOWER HEAD, as water pours down on Sarah. Sarah emerges from the bathroom, wearing her summer dress towel wrapped around her head. Billy wakes up, rubs his e
80) 1) dialog: How're you feeling? You’ve been sleeping forever. Sarah moves over to the bed and sits next to Billy. He pe at the bandages covering his arm and his leg, frowns.
80) 3) dialog: Yep. He kisses her. Sarah responds tenderly.
80) 4) dialog: It’ll do for now. But you gotta see a doctor. Billy nods, looks around the room. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 99.
80) 6) dialog: Its in car.
80) 20) dialog: Billy... what’s he talking about?
80) 22) dialog: Tell me what?
80) 24) dialog: I need a cigarette. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 102. Edward pulls out a pack of smokes and throws the cigarett toward Sarah. Close to a nervous breakdown, she lights up
80) 29) dialog: Stop it!! Sarah throws her arms up, attempting to hit Edward. The l cigarette goes up in the air, then hits the alcohol-drenc carpet. The carpet ignites. Edward punches her into the stomach. Sarah falls to the ground, groaning, coughing.
80) 31) dialog: Dead enough for you, asshole? In the meantime, most of the room, including the money, i consumed by fire. Billy takes Sarah’s hand and pulls her the front door.
80) 35) dialog: So, was it all true, what he said? Billy stares into the night ahead.
80) 37) dialog: They must've had a school to train you to lie as much as you do.
80) 41) dialog: You really want me to believe that? Billy pulls over onto the shoulder of the highway. There silence as the engine idles calmly. Then:
80) 43) dialog: --. he lied. Nothing happened. (beat) You’11 never know how sad it feels when a guy says just what you want to hear but none of it’s true. Every kiss, every look... nothing but a fairy-tale.
80) 45) dialog: How do you get off saying that?
80) 47) dialog: What is it?
80) 49) dialog: The one above the fireplace.
80) 52) dialog: You know what? Screw Eddie. Billy manages a smile, as the car disappears into the nig The End Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca