12) 0) text: Edward pulls behind some bushes a little ways from the ho Shoving the pistol into his pants he gets out of the car cautiously approaches the house.
57) 0) text: Billy drives along Main street. He spots a parking space pulls in. Billy gets out of the car, examines the page fr the telephone book. Blinded by the bright sun, Billy stum across the street. HONNNNK! A car barely misses him. Bill looks at the numbers. 52, next to that 56. He wanders int alley, looks up. 54. Sly Wheaton's office. Billy enters. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 66.
57) 1) dialog: Noticeably less plush than Cameron's office. SLY WHEATON, poorly groomed man in his mid fifties sits at the desk, talking on the phone. In addition to a tacky suit, he wea gallon of styling gel in his hair. As soon as he sees Bil
57) 2) dialog: I got to go. He puts the receiver down.
57) 3) dialog: Hi-ya. William, I take it?
57) 5) dialog: Sit...sit down. Billy obliges.
57) 6) dialog: You've come to settle up? Must say though, I thought I was going to have to file before I ever saw any money outta you.
57) 8) dialog: Must be a lot of people tryin' to horn in on the inheritance?
57) 10) dialog: What'cha drinking? Sly pulls out a bottle of gin and two glasses from below desk.
57) 12) dialog: Suit yourself. You don't mind if I do? Billy shakes his head. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 67.
57) 14) dialog: I bet you can. Billy leans forward.
57) 16) dialog: Solution? Kill'em. Sly laughs out loud, then shifts gears to serious.
57) 17) dialog: You need a document stating that Niles wanted his money going to his niece, and his niece only.
57) 19) dialog: You've got a problem then, don't you? I bet Niles knew all about this ‘cause he came to me two days before he passed away. He was going to have me change his will to explicitly exclude anyone... but Ellen. Sly lets this sink in. Billy's mind races.
57) 20) dialog: You want that drink now? Sly pours Billy a drink and slides the glass toward Billy then pours one for himself and quickly drains it.
57) 21) dialog: Kind of a coincidence, don't you think? He ends up dead right before he intends to change his will.
57) 23) dialog: ...for a price.
57) 25) dialog: It'd be worth it. I already started the paperwork for the old man. Listen, why don't you leave me a check for the three thousand Niles owed me? You know, to show good faith. Mind you, I ain’t charging an arm and a leg like Cameron Brogden.
57) 27) dialog: Well, then you better get it. We all gotta eat, you know.
57) 29) dialog: Anytime.
58) 4) dialog: (muttering) Damn. I’m coming. Hold your horses. Sly crosses the room, approaches the front door and opens Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 70. SLY’S POV: There is no one at the door. SUDDENLY, a shado figure holding a revolver comes forth rapidly. BANG! BANG BANG! Three shots blast into Sly. He tumbles backwards, f onto his desk, dead before he hits the floor.
61) 10) dialog: Two police cars and an ambulance are parked in the alley outside of Sly's office. Cameron’s 4x4 pulls up.
61) 11) dialog: Sheriff Robert, Earl and two Officers examine the scene a POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER takes pictures. Two MEDICS are packin Sly's body. Sheriff Robert opens a file cabinet as Camero enters and surveys the scene.