23) 0) text: McClane grabs his shoulder harness off the back of the ch moves quickly to the doorway.  He looks down the hall. 47      MCCLANE'S P.O.V. Two terrorists, FRANCE and FRITZ, armed with M-5 machine searching the offices on the hall one by one.  They open look in from the hallway, and move on quickly to the next They are four offices away and moving fast. McClane looks across the corridor and sees the stairwell -- too far to reach without being seen.
32) 8) text: The elevator doors OPEN and Fritz, guarding the area.  WH gun held ready.  His jaw drop as he sees: 87-A    TONY'S BODY - HIS P.O.V. Still and dead, flopped in a swivel chair, a red Santa ha gaily placed on his head.
32) 17) dialog: Perhaps a security guard we overlooked...? Hans lifts Tony's chin again, lets the head flop over.
32) 24) text: Yes...we have to tell Karl his brother is dead.  Tell him to come down. Now McClane writes "HANS=LEADER.  Karl=BROTHER.  USE THIS As Fritz calls Karl on his CB, Hans looks at Franco.
33) 0) text: On top of the car, listening to the conversation below. and Fritz step into the car and the doors on the elevator The car accelerates upward and McClane grabs onto the hea grease-coated cables to keep his balance.  Already his cl are soiled; his face and feet, arms and hair are dark fro dirt and sweat.  The car speeds up the shaft -- passing t bringing Karl down to the hostage floor -- and stops at t machine floor.  The doors open and McClane hears them rol chair with the body off the car.  McClane looks up. 89      MCCLANE'S P.O.V. A metal catwalk runs around the inside of the elevator sh
35) 0) text: Hans, Karl, Fritz and France hear the clear signal over H CB.
36) 0) text: with Franco and Fritz.
42) 0) text: running for his life, from Fritz and Franco, doesn't real he is being herded around the building toward Karl.  Sudd McClane turns a corner and sees Karl.  The big man fires burst and McClane ducks back stopping at the exterior doo to the pump room he used before.  It is locked from the i He BLOWS the lock off with a burst from his machine gun a slips into the darkness of the:
52) 0) text: The elevator doors open on Karl, Franco and Fritz.  They step out onto the darkened floor.  We SEE large number "3 painted on the doors of this floor. They move quickly toward the windows on the Avenue of the side where a terrorist, ALEXANDER, with a BAR rifle has s a machine gun nest under a half-opened window.  Directly him we SEE Powell's car. Alexander PANS the police car with his weapon, finger on trigger.  This is clearly a man hungry for action.
69) 8) text: The police are irrelevant.  We've                    * waiting for the FBI.  Until they                     * arrive, we can't finish out work. Meanwhile, let this fool waste time for the police.  Fritz, go help Uli                  * find the bag. The CAMERA TIGHTENS ON him
92) 16) text: Obviously, Gail whatever his affiliation, it's safe to say that Gruber's terrorist actions in Los Angeles tonight are well, terroristic... As the bullshit continues, Ellis suddenly STANDS, head to the terrorist "office".  Immediately the chief guard here Fritz, moves to intercept Ellis.
92) 23) text: I want to talk to Hans.  Hans! Sprickenzie talk? He doesn't wait for an answer.  Fritz follows him.  Holly worries.
92) 31) text: What does he want? As Fritz shrugs:
98) 0) text: Fritz drags Ellis' body out of the office and throws it o floor.