5) 0) text: Beautiful and -- on first glance -- deserted.  Finally a SOUND in the sterile lobby reveals the presence of a SECURITY GUARD hidden until now behind a massive desk. McClane goes there, signs in.
5) 2) text: The Guard points to a prominent touch screen computer con
5) 3) dialog: Just type it in there.
5) 4) text: McClane is confused for a moment, then he moves to the sc He gives the Guard a look...the Guard raises his eyebrows if to say give it a try.
5) 10) dialog: Yeah.  When you have to take a leak it'll help you find your zipper.
5) 12) dialog: (pointing) Take the express elevator and get off at the noise.
5) 18) text: The guard shrugs.  McClane gets in the elevator.
12) 0) text: The Guard at the front desk notices the Emory truck on hi monitor.  The Guard continues to watch the Emory truck an only half notices as a Mercedes pulls up in front of the building and two extremely well-dressed BUSINESSMAN (late twenties) climb out and start up the stairs for the door. they cross the lobby to the Guard's table to sign in, we their conversation.
12) 2) text: Suddenly the other man pulls out a Walther pistol with a silencer and aims it at the Guard's forehead.  Before the Guard can react he pulls the trigger.
12) 4) text: (The speed with which the murder takes place sets the ton for the rest of the action.)  The killer moves behind the desk, stepping over a small pool of blood from the Guard. His name is KYLE, big, with long blond hair like a rock drummer.  Karl takes off the silencer and looks at the vi monitor of the Emory truck.  The first man, Theo, opens h briefcase, takes out a portable CB radio and speaks into
30) 0) text: A fire alarm indicator light showing which floor has soun fire alarm -- suddenly begins flashing, emitting short, l beeps.  Eddie, the terrorist in the guard's uniform and m the station, immediately picks up his CB.
32) 8) text: The elevator doors OPEN and Fritz, guarding the area.  WH gun held ready.  His jaw drop as he sees: 87-A    TONY'S BODY - HIS P.O.V. Still and dead, flopped in a swivel chair, a red Santa ha gaily placed on his head.
32) 12) text: Get them over there.  Schnell! The guards quickly hustle the hostages away as Hans cross the elevator, but for before.
32) 19) text: Security guard?  They're usually tired and burned out old policemen growing           *   fat on a pension...This is... something else.
66) 12) text: Ah, how nice of you to call.  I assume you are our mysterious party crasher.  You are most troublesome for a...security guard? 170     INT. 34th FLOOR - ON MCCLANE - INTERCUT Moving down the corridor.  Now armed with Marco's machine gun and carrying Heinrich's kit bag, he seems more lethal
92) 16) text: Obviously, Gail whatever his affiliation, it's safe to say that Gruber's terrorist actions in Los Angeles tonight are well, terroristic... As the bullshit continues, Ellis suddenly STANDS, head to the terrorist "office".  Immediately the chief guard here Fritz, moves to intercept Ellis.