24) 6) text: 52      INT. 30th FLOOR (HOSTAGE FLOOR) - SAME The employees have been herded to the center of the room the desks have been pulled back.  Many people are whimper
32) 12) text: Get them over there.  Schnell! The guards quickly hustle the hostages away as Hans cross the elevator, but for before.
33) 0) text: On top of the car, listening to the conversation below. and Fritz step into the car and the doors on the elevator The car accelerates upward and McClane grabs onto the hea grease-coated cables to keep his balance.  Already his cl are soiled; his face and feet, arms and hair are dark fro dirt and sweat.  The car speeds up the shaft -- passing t bringing Karl down to the hostage floor -- and stops at t machine floor.  The doors open and McClane hears them rol chair with the body off the car.  McClane looks up. 89      MCCLANE'S P.O.V. A metal catwalk runs around the inside of the elevator sh
66) 5) text: ...In fact, it's necessary.  So let them start their feeble efforts; until them, stay calm.  We have the hostages, remember.  We are still in charge. Suddenly Hans' CB crackles to life.
67) 0) text: Karl steps off the elevator and goes through the crowd of hostages to Hans.
69) 13) text: Figuring there's at least one to cover the lobby, a couple with the hostages...I'd say they came in with about a dozen...but they're down to nine now, including the skydiver you already met.  These guys are mostly Europeans, judging by their clothing labels, and they're well financed and very slick.
70) 24) text: You murdered by Boss.  Now... (waving towards the hostages)
71) 9) text: Going in...are you out of your mind? There's 30 hostages in there -- for all we know --
92) 12) text: ...of the Nakatomi building, sources say that the terrorist leader 'Hans' may be this man, Hans Gruber. A SLIDE of Hans appears behind her.  At the same time, th PULLS BACK.  We realize we're on THE HOSTAGE FLOOR, and H has just turned on the set out here for his "guests".  He modestly as they "recognize" him from the on air shot, re to the office.
95) 0) text: He throws open the door to let McClane and the police hea screams of the hostages.
96) 29) text: When these Revolutionary Brothers and Sisters are Free, the hostages in this building will be taken to the roof and they will accompany us in helicopters to the Los Angeles International Airport where you will be given further instructions.  You have two hours to comply.
97) 3) text: 'Hostage/Terrorist, Terrorist/Hostage, a Study in Duality.'  Dr. Hasseldorf, what can we expect in the next few hours?
97) 8) text: Uh...Finland.  Basically, it's when the hostages and the terrorists go through a sort of psychological transference and projection of dependency...
98) 2) text: What can only be described as a strange sort of trust and bond develops...We've had situations where hostages have embraced their captors after their release and in one case even corresponded with them in prison...
99) 32) text: We've got thirty, maybe thirty-five hostages, probably on the 30th floor... seven, maybe eight terrorists.
99) 48) text: If he's not a terrorist, and he's not a hostage...he's just not part of the equation. They start to walk away.
106) 74) dialog: What are you, crazy?  We're being rescued!  Those helicopters --
106) 76) dialog: But...we're safe up here --
106) 82) text: Flight leader, this is Wing.  I think they're on to us.  One of the terrorists is firing on the hostages.