2) 10) dialog: (hearing this, jumping up and down) Yeah!  Daddy!  Daddy!  Daddy! (on second thought) And a Captain Power!
6) 27) dialog: (quietly) I was hoping you were hoping that.
13) 0) text: McClane looks at all the lavishness around him and picks phone by the toilet.  He opens his wallet and takes out t phone number Argyle have him.  A photo of his children st him. It's of Holly, the two children and himself in happier da Six months ago, before Nakatomi came calling to Holly's d McClane flips it over.  On the back in crude but painstak hand of a five-year-old it says:  WE MISS YOU, DADDY.  LO LUCY (and in more primitive letters) JOHN. McClane returns the photo to his wallet, dials the number
21) 3) text: Well, call me back, John.  You got the number. He hangs up and turns the volume back up.
33) 19) text: John.
66) 23) text: Just another American who saw too many movies as a child.  Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John Wayne...Rambo... Marshal Dillion.
92) 57) text: Or should I call you Mister McClane? Mister officer John McClane on the
92) 66) text: Sister Teresa in third grade called me Mr. McClane.  My friends call me John Mac.  You're neither...shithead.
99) 11) text: I'm Special Agent Johnson of the FBI. This is Agent Johnson...no relation.
99) 34) text: Sounds like a standard A-7 scenario. Big Johnson nods in agreement, turns to Robinson.
99) 37) text: Aren't you forgetting something? Johnson and Johnson turn.  Robinson wants Powell to shut
99) 40) text: John McClane!  He's the man who gave us all the information we've got! He's the reason you're facing seven terrorists instead of twelve.
99) 52) text: Really? (to Big Johnson)
99) 67) text: John McClane.
103) 0) text: As we saw on Theo's screen, the Johnsons and Robinson and Powell are my a MANHOLE with a CITY ENGINEER.  A big CONT BOX is there, cables snaking into the ground where anothe CITY WORKER finishes WELDING a last connection.
104) 0) text: Just as the Johnsons are looking SMUG...all the floors GO BACK ON, one by one!
104) 32) text: This is Johnson...no the other one.  I want that air support ready to lift off in five minutes...Damn right fully armed.  We're on our way. (into CB)
104) 42) text: By the time he figures out what hit him he'll be in a body bag. The Johnsons exit.  Powell and Robinson look at each othe unhappy.  Powell's CB HISSES --
106) 20) text: ...because he's a very brave policeman. And your mom has shown just as much courage.  But is there something you would like to say to them if they're watching? John Jr. says nothing, but Lucy looks at the camera.
108) 28) text: This time John Wayne does not walk off into the sunset with Grace Kelly.
110) 11) text: A pleasure.  I guess John doesn't need me to give you that message anymore.