12) 4) text: (The speed with which the murder takes place sets the ton for the rest of the action.)  The killer moves behind the desk, stepping over a small pool of blood from the Guard. His name is KYLE, big, with long blond hair like a rock drummer.  Karl takes off the silencer and looks at the vi monitor of the Emory truck.  The first man, Theo, opens h briefcase, takes out a portable CB radio and speaks into
16) 0) text: A large sign says:  PACIFIC BELL EMPLOYEES ONLY.  Inside stands in front of an intimidating matrix of phone lines what he has in mind won't require a doctorate in Electric Engineering.  Karl comes over, gives his an elder brother punch on the arm, points out what to do.  Together they f on four CPV plastic conduits which run out of the main pa over their heads.  Tony nods.  Opens a case REVEALING a compact electric chainsaw.
19) 0) text: Karl cuts through the four tubes one at a time.
25) 0) text: Hans, Takagi, Karl and Tony.  Riding silently.  Hans alon seems relaxed.  He whistles.  We recognize it as a snatch Wagner.
27) 2) text: Hans admired a scale model of a bridge.  Behind him are photographs of the gorge where the bridge will be constru Karl and Tony listen.  Takagi watches.
27) 31) dialog: It's not over...
27) 41) text: Karl, in the midst of handing Theo a fifty dollar bill, n
27) 44) dialog: springs through the door, finds nothing.  He checks two adjoining rooms, the first is deserted.  The second...is locked.
27) 45) dialog: returns to Hans.
27) 46) dialog: Nothing...
27) 51) text: Hans smiles, confident in his team, and follows.  CAMERA SETTLES ON the door that Karl found locked.
32) 24) text: Yes...we have to tell Karl his brother is dead.  Tell him to come down. Now McClane writes "HANS=LEADER.  Karl=BROTHER.  USE THIS As Fritz calls Karl on his CB, Hans looks at Franco.
33) 0) text: On top of the car, listening to the conversation below. and Fritz step into the car and the doors on the elevator The car accelerates upward and McClane grabs onto the hea grease-coated cables to keep his balance.  Already his cl are soiled; his face and feet, arms and hair are dark fro dirt and sweat.  The car speeds up the shaft -- passing t bringing Karl down to the hostage floor -- and stops at t machine floor.  The doors open and McClane hears them rol chair with the body off the car.  McClane looks up. 89      MCCLANE'S P.O.V. A metal catwalk runs around the inside of the elevator sh
33) 7) dialog: (pushing him away)
33) 12) dialog: (quietly)
35) 0) text: Hans, Karl, Fritz and France hear the clear signal over H CB.
36) 1) dialog: No one kills him but me. It's an order and the look he gives the other two backs i Karl checks his magazine, SLAPS it into his rifle as the opens to the roof.
39) 0) text: Running.  Tracer bullets rip into the wall behind him.  H reaches the corner and sees the other two terrorists movi toward him.  Before they see him, he leaps down to the ne level out of range of Karl.
42) 0) text: running for his life, from Fritz and Franco, doesn't real he is being herded around the building toward Karl.  Sudd McClane turns a corner and sees Karl.  The big man fires burst and McClane ducks back stopping at the exterior doo to the pump room he used before.  It is locked from the i He BLOWS the lock off with a burst from his machine gun a slips into the darkness of the:
43) 0) text: Karl crosses, starts to open the door to the elevator sha when suddenly their radio crackles with --
43) 4) dialog: Hans, he killed by brother --
43) 6) text: Karl, I know you want him, but the police are probably on their way. Maybe we can convince them it was all a mistake, but not if they hear gunshots! If you lock him in he'll be neutralized -- now do it!  Karl?  Karl! Karl turns off his radio.  In the light of their flashlig the two other terrorists look at Karl in stunned disbelie He opens the door to the elevator shaft.
44) 8) dialog: He moves silently toward the corner.
46) 0) text: The three terrorists rush down from the roof in hot pursu Karl leading the way through the door.  Karl points quick the left and right where there are a series of rooms.  Th others checks these while Karl approaches the CAMERA, tri finger ITCHING.  Almost immediately, the others return.
46) 2) text: Nothing. Karl looks puzzled.  Then he thinks, mentally retracing M few options.  Karl's eyes scan the architecture here, and suddenly he looks UP.
47) 0) text: McClane remains motionless in the air duct.  Three quarte holes inches from his face show how close Karl came to na him.  Sweat covers his face, drips silently onto the alum
47) 6) dialog: stops directly below him.  The barrel starts up and just touches the duct under McClane when Franco returns to the door and calls:
52) 0) text: The elevator doors open on Karl, Franco and Fritz.  They step out onto the darkened floor.  We SEE large number "3 painted on the doors of this floor. They move quickly toward the windows on the Avenue of the side where a terrorist, ALEXANDER, with a BAR rifle has s a machine gun nest under a half-opened window.  Directly him we SEE Powell's car. Alexander PANS the police car with his weapon, finger on trigger.  This is clearly a man hungry for action.
67) 0) text: Karl steps off the elevator and goes through the crowd of hostages to Hans.
67) 1) dialog: (quietly)
92) 25) dialog: (in mid-speech, angry)
92) 28) dialog: I don't want neutral...I want dead -- ALL TURN at a rap on the door.  Ellis is there.
96) 25) dialog: (sotto)
96) 31) dialog: Do you think they'll even try to do it?
96) 40) text: Karl...hunt the little shit down and get those detonators.
96) 42) dialog: Franco is checking the explosives, Fritz is with him.
105) 25) text: Karl takes his Baretta, tosses it away.  Then Karl takes CB.  Smiling, Karl SMASHES the transmitter underfoot.
106) 10) dialog: (quietly)
106) 11) text: We're both professionals.  But this is personal.  You...are done. WHAM!  McClane DRIVES his elbow into Karl's face.
106) 12) text: Karl's weapon clatters on the floor.  McClane follows his blow with another.  Karl recovers, and with a spinning ka kick SLAMS McClane back.
106) 49) text: Karl?  Karl? Nothing.  He looks at Theo.
106) 60) text: Karl goes into a loop of chain hanging over a turbine, be entangled.
106) 62) dialog: is JERKED upwards by the neck.  He TWITCHES like a captur fish -- starts to turn blue:
111) 0) text: As the crowd panics trying to escape, Karl locks eyes wit McClane and levels his gun.  McClane throws Holly to the ground and grabs the dumbstruck Robinson's sidearm. But he doesn't get off a shot -- a lone gunshot stops Kar knocking him back through the doorway.  McClane looks bac see Powell still sighting down the barrel of his .38. His hand is rock steady.  He sees McClane's look.