1) 0) text: CLOSE ON A bottle of Dom Perignon as the cork explodes ac a large office floor decorated for Christmas.  A Japanese mid-fifties standing on a desk holds up the bottle triump and looks out at an adoring audience of junior executives office personnel.  He is JOSEPH TAKAGI, Sr V.P. of Sales Nakatomi, a multinational corporation.
1) 1) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen...I congratulate each and every one of you for making this one of the greatest days in the history of the Nakatomi corporation...
6) 6) dialog: Holly Gennero?
6) 8) dialog: I've spent half my life on airplanes,               * I can recognize someone who just got off one. (shaking hands) I'm Joe Takagi, Mr. McClane.  I have ...something to do with this company.
6) 10) text: Takagi smiles, leads the way.  As they approach Holly's o door, McClane notices the name there is -- again -- "Genn
6) 11) dialog: Holly went to the Vault room to FAX some documents...she should be back any...
6) 14) dialog: (as Ellis rises) Ellis, this is John McClane... (with meaning) Holly's policeman? (to McClane) Ellis is in charge of International Acquisitions.
6) 18) dialog: (eager to change the subject, to McClane) Can I get you anything?  Food?  Cake? Watered down champagne punch?
6) 20) dialog: Hey, we're flexible.  Pearl Harbor didn't work out, we got you with tape decks.
6) 29) dialog: (to McClane) You wife's made for this business. She know how to drive a hard bargain.
6) 37) text: They go out.  Alone, Takagi's look at Ellis shows his disapproval of certain snow at Christmas.
24) 10) text: Takagi is shoved forward.  He's worried but far from cowe Hans steps towards him.  Extends a hand.
24) 12) text: Takagi is confused by his charm.  Hans waves politely in direction of an elevator and with an armed escort takes t executive away.  CAMERA ADJUSTS to show Holly, concerned. 56      INT. STAIRWELL - 33rd FLOOR - SAME McClane pauses outside the stairwell door to the 33rd flo he presses the handle and cracks the door open TO REVEAL computer floor.  The computer machinery drones on under t lights behind plate glass windows.  McClane quietly close the door and moves to another floor.
25) 0) text: Hans, Takagi, Karl and Tony.  Riding silently.  Hans alon seems relaxed.  He whistles.  We recognize it as a snatch Wagner.
25) 2) text: Takagi stares at him, speechless.
27) 2) text: Hans admired a scale model of a bridge.  Behind him are photographs of the gorge where the bridge will be constru Karl and Tony listen.  Takagi watches.
27) 4) dialog: (defensively) This is what this is about?  Out building project in Indonesia? Contrary to what you people think, we're going to develop that region... not 'exploit' it.
27) 5) text: Hans straightens, looks hard at Takagi.
27) 7) text: Takagi looks confused.  Hans puts a friendly arm around T shoulders and guides him into the adjacent board room whe Theo types in commands onto a built-in computer console.
27) 15) dialog: I don't have that code...! (beat; to Hans) You broke in here to access out computer?!?  Any information you could get -- they wake up in Tokyo in the morning, they'll change it! You won't be able to blackmail our executives or threaten --
27) 18) text: Takagi complies.  Hans is abruptly compassionate and quie
27) 20) text: ON Takagi's reaction.
27) 22) dialog: You want...money?  What kind of terrorists are you?
27) 27) dialog: It's useless to you!  There's seven safeguards on our vault, and the code key is only one of them!  You'll never get it open!
27) 32) text: Hans gives them both a look like an annoyed schoolmaster, turns back to Takagi.
27) 35) dialog: I don't know it!  get on a Goddamn jet to Tokyo and ask the chairman! I'm telling you!  You're just going to have to kill me --
33) 24) text: Tell that to Mr. Takagi.
55) 0) text: McClane makes his way to the Avenue of the Stars side of the building, enters the board room where Takagi was shot McClane goes to the windows and looks down at the street. 152     HIS P.O.V. Powell's car.
99) 88) text: Yeah.  Like you did with Takagi. McClane raises his machine gun, aims at Hans.  Hans PULLS TRIGGER. Click.  Astonishment.  Click-click-click.  McClane steps carefully, reclaims his pistol.