12) 3) dialog: (dryly) Boom...two points.
12) 4) text: (The speed with which the murder takes place sets the ton for the rest of the action.)  The killer moves behind the desk, stepping over a small pool of blood from the Guard. His name is KYLE, big, with long blond hair like a rock drummer.  Karl takes off the silencer and looks at the vi monitor of the Emory truck.  The first man, Theo, opens h briefcase, takes out a portable CB radio and speaks into
12) 5) dialog: We're in.
14) 0) text: Theo enters the small control room and comfortably sits b a maintenance keyboard.  Whistling a vaguely familiar tun TYPES in some commands and locks down the passenger eleva up to the 30th floor.  Then with several more computer co systematically causes:
15) 0) text: The doors to a service elevator open TO REVEAL HANS GRUBE impeccably dressed, lean and handsome, he steps out into lobby like he owns the building -- and in a way he does. Theo steps to the door of the control room and tosses Han COMPUTER CARD. Hans goes to the front door, waves the card over a magnet plate.  An LED BLINKS and the door LOCKS with a THUD. Hans looks out at the street.  Appropriately enough, "not creature is stirring."  Century City is quiet.
24) 0) text: CLOSE ON McClane's bare feet padding quickly up the concr stairs, two at a time.  We FOLLOW him up, then out onto t 50-A    31th FLOOR This is the mezzanine floor immediately above the main Nakatomi lobby.  McClane sees Theo and KRISTOFF wheeling of equipment.  McClane ducks back into the stairwell, he up another flight and out onto:
27) 7) text: Takagi looks confused.  Hans puts a friendly arm around T shoulders and guides him into the adjacent board room whe Theo types in commands onto a built-in computer console.
27) 14) dialog: sits fingers poised over the keyboard.  Hans sits opposit Takagi stands like the accused at the foot of the table, just read the screen, blurts:
27) 30) dialog: (aside to Karl) I told you...
27) 41) text: Karl, in the midst of handing Theo a fifty dollar bill, n
27) 48) dialog: (grins) You didn't bring me along for my charming personality.
27) 50) dialog: (under his breath) 'Though you could have...
28) 5) dialog: Thirty minutes to break the code... Two hours for the five mechanicals. The seventh lock...that's out of my hands.
33) 11) text: No.  Heinrich's team must finish planting the detonators...and Theo needs time on the vault.  After the                  * police come they'll waste hours trying to negotiate...that's when we search                 * for this man.  Until then...we do not alter the plan.
48) 0) text: The large LED WINDOW in the front of the safe BEEPS and l creep by:  ACCESS CODE ACCEPTED.  We HEAR a CLUNK. CAMERA ADJUSTS to show Theo, who grins.  Now his computer screen reads, LOCK #1 DISABLED.  DO YOU WISH TO PROCEED? Theo puts goggles on his eyes, holds out his hands toward Kristoff like a doctor requesting a scalpel.  Kristoff gi him a GIANT DRILL.
48) 1) dialog: You bet your ass I'm gonna proceed. He turns on the drill:
67) 5) text: Theo?  Theo!
67) 8) dialog: Yo!
67) 10) dialog: Three down, four to go --
72) 8) dialog: (into a throat mike)
78) 2) dialog: Well, what have we here.  The police've got themselves an R.V. James, Alexander, southeast corner.
96) 33) text: Theo.  Are we on schedule?
96) 36) dialog: One more to go...then it's up to you. The graphic on his screen flashes:  "WARNING:  ELECTRO-
96) 38) dialog: And you better be right, because this one's going to take a miracle.
100) 18) dialog: You better heat up that miracle                      * you were talking about.  We broke through on Number Six, and the Electromagentic came down like a sledgehammer...
102) 0) text: Hans and Theo lean over a monitor watching a DWP truck ne the parking garage.
102) 1) dialog: (tapping the screen)
102) 5) dialog: When you're hot, you're hot.
103) 0) text: As we saw on Theo's screen, the Johnsons and Robinson and Powell are my a MANHOLE with a CITY ENGINEER.  A big CONT BOX is there, cables snaking into the ground where anothe CITY WORKER finishes WELDING a last connection.
103) 17) dialog: They're on the building circuit... it's too local.
103) 19) dialog: The only thing left for them is the City Grid... (worried, typing)
106) 49) text: Karl?  Karl? Nothing.  He looks at Theo.
108) 2) dialog: at the delivery truck.  He steps into a white paramedic's jumpsuit and zips it up.  He hops into the cab and pulls truck away from the loading dock.
108) 11) text: Theo staggers out in time for Argyle to deck him with one