16) 0) text: A large sign says:  PACIFIC BELL EMPLOYEES ONLY.  Inside stands in front of an intimidating matrix of phone lines what he has in mind won't require a doctorate in Electric Engineering.  Karl comes over, gives his an elder brother punch on the arm, points out what to do.  Together they f on four CPV plastic conduits which run out of the main pa over their heads.  Tony nods.  Opens a case REVEALING a compact electric chainsaw.
25) 0) text: Hans, Takagi, Karl and Tony.  Riding silently.  Hans alon seems relaxed.  He whistles.  We recognize it as a snatch Wagner.
27) 2) text: Hans admired a scale model of a bridge.  Behind him are photographs of the gorge where the bridge will be constru Karl and Tony listen.  Takagi watches.
31) 0) text: He rides the elevator back to the 30th floor with Tony.
31) 2) text: Call 911, give them the name and badge number on your uniform and cancel the alarm...then disable the system. (looks across at Tony, presses talk button again)
31) 7) text: Son of a bitch... Just then the elevator bell rings and we HEAR the ELEVATO OPEN.  A figure (Tony) slips into the shadows -- his mach gun drawn.  We MOVE WITH HIM FROM the elevator area until reaches the light switch and throws it illuminating the e floor.  McClane is gone.
31) 9) dialog: He moves steadily toward the area where we saw McClane.
31) 10) dialog: The fire has been called off, my friend.  No one is coming to help you.  You might as well come out and join the others. (fingers the trigger of his machine gun)
31) 11) text: I promise not to hurt you. Moving more confidently, he steps up to McClane's desk, t around it and fires a blast into the space.  It is empty. the SOUND OF THE MACHINE GUN FADES he listens and hears a SOUND -- a NOISE coming from the other end of the room ne the cubicles. Tony heads toward the noise.  Sensing a trap, he moves pa each cubicle carefully, checking each office until he rea the doorway of the last one.  The sound is just around th partition.  He tenses, then spins into the cubicle. 83      TONY'S P.O.V. A radial arm saw spins noisily.
31) 12) dialog: grins at his nervousness.  He moves to turn it off, not realizing the sound has buried the soft rustle of McClane steps INTO FRAME behind him, McClane shoves his pistol ba against Tony's temple.
31) 14) dialog: You won't hurt me.
31) 16) dialog: (smug)
31) 21) text: It's Tony's CB, which has fallen from the dead man's wais the struggle.  McClane stares at it, formulating a plan.
32) 0) text: PAN FROM Tony's now shoeless feet TO McClane, who sits on floor near the body hurriedly lacing up the dead terroris boots on his own feet.  He ties the last lace and tries t a couple of steps. He winces in pain, goes off balance.  Quickly he starts t the boots off.
32) 8) text: The elevator doors OPEN and Fritz, guarding the area.  WH gun held ready.  His jaw drop as he sees: 87-A    TONY'S BODY - HIS P.O.V. Still and dead, flopped in a swivel chair, a red Santa ha gaily placed on his head.