16) 1) dialog: Sounds like a real coup, sir... getting this Doctor of .. GRIERSON
16) 2) text: Various things. Thank you. However, as you know, this is inexpensive venture, and, financially speaking, we're in serious crap right now. He can't quite hide his tackiness.) DAVID holds the door sees an old woman coming towards him. He waits for her to due to his sweetness, is again left behind. He rushes to They are now passing the reception counter cum gallery sh smiles with the cashier, ANNIE. Very bubbly, not very bri full of Whistler's Mother memorabilia - posters, cards, p GRIERSON
16) 7) text: I thought perhaps as Vice-President, and in view of the u attendance's for the summer show this year... the MASSIVE LOSS ... DAVID
16) 8) text: on the other hand ... maybe a breath of fresh air is just family needs ... Yes. Great news. Fabulous. Triumphant. C it might need a little smoothing over. When's he due? GRIERSON hands DAVID a piece of paper. GRIERSON
16) 11) dialog: No. Perfect.   Looking forward to it.
18) 0) text: 7 p.m. California time. A pleasant suburban house. DAVID' the drive. JENNIFER, his slightly Gothic 16 year old daug BRAD, her scruffy boyfriend. He sits astride a motor scoo bum-fluff moustache. DAVID gets out of his car and approaches them. DAVID
18) 1) text: Hi, Jennifer. How was school? (she doesn't break the kiss Brad) oh really? That's good, great. Fantastic. We'll tal more. The two continue kissing as DAVID moves on. He's just abo house when a swish convertible draws up at the curb. DAVI has been given a lift home by her young attractive boss, laughing in the car as DAVID walks up. He is slightly disturbed to see ALISON kiss CHARLES on th getting out with her port folio. CHARLES smiles pleasantl CHARLES
18) 2) text: Hello, David. DAVID
18) 5) text: My fault. We've got a heavy load on at present.     How a gallery going well? DAVID
18) 7) text: Don't ask him about work, Charlie. Life's too short. Alison is the same age as DAVID, but seems to have lasted she's confident, in good shape. The atmosphere is awkward out. Her 8 year old brother, KEVIN has sprung from the sh her and BRAD. ALISON goes over to sort them out. ALISON
18) 9) text: Great kids.     Good looking too. DAVID
18) 12) dialog: Ah ... absolutely. DAVID is not very happy here.
19) 0) text: It is open plan and leads through into the lounge. DAVID ALISON puts her port folio on the table and leads DAVID o her arms round him. ALISON
19) 1) text: Let's take a break, David. This weekend, why don't we jus into the car and drive to the coast. Find a motel. Like b the kids were born. Go to a fairground. Win me another Ba She reaches across and picks up a little ceramic Bambi on couch. ALISON
19) 2) text: Jennifer can stay and look after Kevin DAVID
19) 6) text: There aren't hotels? DAVID
19) 9) text: And what did you say? DAVID
19) 11) dialog: Then I said 'yes'. She puts Bambi carefully back on the table, gets up and m DAVID follows. ALISON
19) 12) text: Do we know anything about him? DAVID
19) 14) text: David - are you ever going to learn to say 'no'?
19) 15) dialog: Yes.   Yes. (pause) Sometime. She shakes her head. ALISON
19) 16) text: It's the last thing we need. DAVID
19) 19) dialog: Great, good.
19) 20) text: And KEVIN exits. DAVID
24) 1) dialog: For all you know, he may be a very attractive young man. JENNIFER
24) 3) dialog: What makes you say that? JENNIFER
24) 4) text: All the guys they claim are English to and good-looking l Day-Lewis and Liam Neeson, turn out to be Irish. Even Ant Hopkins is welsh. Prince Charles is so ugly they pay him million bucks a year to stay indoors. DAVID
24) 7) dialog: Sean Connery.
24) 9) dialog: Tom Jones? JENNIFER
24) 10) text: Welsh again. DAVID
26) 1) text: Who do you think is the ugliest guy who ever lived. DAVID
29) 1) text: What did they say? DAVID
29) 3) text: Did you really ask? DAVID
29) 5) text: What's wrong with you, David? All you have to do is say, me, I've been sitting here since the start of the Millenn I'd really like some action from you before the end of th I'll go. DAVID
29) 9) text: My parents are dead. DAVID is pretty confident that he knows who killed them. JENNIFER
36) 0) text: KEVIN and JENNIFER are asleep in the back. DAVID drives i next to him. Uneasy atmosphere. DAVID stabs at buttons on
36) 2) dialog: I know - I'11 take it in to George tomorrow'- he'll fix i Stupid thing. HE SWITCHES IT OFF.
38) 0) text: DAVID's car turns into the drive just as the hall light g next few minutes, knife-edged timing 0 is all). The LEARY of the car and approach the house. DAVID brings out his d
39) 1) text: Thanks a lot, Kevin! JENNIFER goes into her room.     The sign reads: `JENNIFE ALISON turns on the light and climbs the stairs. David he kitchen. They exchange a sad look. She goes into their be reads: 'GRUPS'. At which instant, BEAN, still wearing hea bathroom, and heads downstairs ....
40) 0) text: The light is on. DAVID takes a deep breath. Bad night. He coffee jar, sighs and goes into the pantry a full one. BE the refrigerator and he studies the food on offer. Nothin then BINGO! He sees a little plate of 3 strawberries. He eats     one the third into his mouth. It tastes a bit off, so     he mouth, puts it back on the plate, closes the fridge    do as DAVID comes out of the pantry. Close on BEAN's     han door frame and turns off the light. DAVID, on the     mov chair. He groans in pain, limps to the fridge.        He sucked strawberry and pops it into his mouth.
42) 0) text: BEAN can't hear the T.V. because of his headphones. He ta toothbrush but notices an electric one on a shelf with sp He's intrigue. He swaps the heads and enjoys cleaning his clever modern implement. -He puts the   electric brush down and checks his teeth forgotten to   turn off the brush and so it vibrates off the toilet.    Bean fishes it out and places it back on it. He turns    off faucet, then exits, turning out the DAVID enters and turns the light on again. He takes down cleans his teeth. He calls through the bedroom door. DAVID
43) 0) text: BEAN is just finishing washing his socks in David's water water from them, and exits. DAVID enters in his under sho tired eyes in the mirror then washes his face in the basi looking.
44) 2) dialog: I need to make a confession. I know you're awake.       P important. (Long pause)
44) 5) dialog: I had the last strawberry in the refrigerator. ALISON smiles in spite of herself. She turns over and put DAVID. She gets up close to his face.
44) 7) dialog: One.
44) 9) dialog: 0h Ali we can work this thing out, you know. ALISON smiles, sleepily, and goes to kiss him. She stops Thoroughly put off, she rolls over and closes her eyes.
44) 10) dialog: Ali?    What's wrong? ALISON
46) 2) text: ... There's a man ... there's a man ... there's a man in DAVID
46) 7) dialog: It's okay.    There's no one out here. Just open the door me. Pause ... then a click of the bathroom lock ... Jennifer there's another click. BEAN breezes out of Jennifer's bed family, in his pyjamas, carrying a wash bag and a towel o waves to them friendly, slips into the bathroom and close family stare in amazement.
47) 2) text: He can't stay here, David. DAVID
47) 4) text: David, I'm serious! DAVID
47) 6) text: Now what does that mean? My daughter wakes up with a stra in her bed, and I'm supposed to think it's amusing? (look tie) That tie's God-awful. Why do you wear it? DAVID is thrown.   He looks down at his tie.   JENNIFER l eating happily. BEAN enters, dressed, carrying a plastic carrier bag. family with a grunt and a smile. DAVID
50) 0) text: DAVID and BEAN arrive at the car and get in.          DAV at a reasonable speed. BEAN suddenly yanks on the hand-brake. DAVID's head hits with a sickening thud. BEAN reaches for and fastens his s looks to DAVID. DAVID gives BEAN a pained look. What plan from? He fastens his own seat belt while BEAN wonders why so long.
52) 0) text: As BEAN and DAVID enter through the swing doors they meet bubbly girl in charge of entrance tickets at the receptio
52) 2) dialog: Annie, it's me.
52) 4) dialog: No, Annie, no.    This is Doctor Bean. He's going to be w us. BEAN frowns.    That word 'doctor'. ANNIE
52) 6) text: He doesn't like to say much does he? DAVID
52) 8) text: I can understand THAT. Neither do I. As BEAN and DAVID move on, BEAN gives ANNIE a 1ittle wave back. She cocks her head to one side and watches him go. lot.
52) 11) text: You'll notice, our clientele is not totally young. I some worry they're not really getting to grips with the art on aesthetic level. Stay with the ladies as DAVID and BEAN head on. OLD LADY 1
52) 16) dialog: Beautiful.    'HIS MISTRESS' by John Everett Millais, 182 Know it? BEAN shakes his head. It's the padlock he's interested in smiles. ANNIE walks up.
52) 18) dialog: Thanks, Annie. ANNIE walks off back the way she came, looking at BEAN ap shoulder.
52) 19) dialog: Better go.    Grierson hates people being late.
52) 21) dialog: Why me?
55) 0) text: BEAN and DAVID enter. It's        a warm, formal. office. desk is a full-size, framed       poster of Whistler's Mo background, at the base of       the poster, a caption re GALLERY, HOME OF WHISTLER'S       MOTHER'. Elsewhere, the paintings. GRIERSON and BERNIE look up from a computer screen at DAV is, rather weirdly, carrying a newspaper in fronts of his approaches David, and shakes his hand. GRIERSON
55) 1) text: Ah, David. Finally. (CHECKS HIS WATCH DELIBERATELY ) And must be our professor from across the sea.
55) 2) dialog: Yes, this is Doctor Bean.
55) 6) text: Take a seat, gentlemen..... although before we settle - f eyes on these. GRIERSON goes to a painting on a wall. DAVID and BEAN fol inch from DAVID's back, walking in perfect rhythm. GRIERSON
55) 8) dialog: They're beautiful, sir. GRIERSON
55) 13) dialog: It's very good Bernie. BERNIE
55) 20) text: He's a genius, right? DAVID
55) 22) text: Very pleased you've taken him in, David. At a time when n job is safe, it really identifies you as a team player. DAVID
55) 24) text: Glad to hear it.     Tell poor Mr Larson to come through, DAVID
55) 26) text: Sack him? David, what else can I do? This business is not repeat, not breaking even. And David ... notice anything morning? DAVID frowns then sees. DAVID
56) 0) text: End of the day.. ANNIE perks    up at the reception desk especially BEAN, approaches    from the gallery area. She tissues near-by and draws a    heart on one of them. She counter-top where BEAN could    not fail to see it on his DAVID
56) 2) text: Night. BEAN does not even notice her.    As DAVID heads for the sneezes. He reaches for ANNIE's love message and blows his nose on tissue in a bin as he exits. ANNIE sighs her disappointment.
57) 0) text: (About 5 p.m.) BEAN and DAVID head for the parking lot. O interest is drawn to the MIME ARTIST we met before in his performing his heart out in front of the Dead Cars sculpt The MIME accosts a woman, pretending to brush dust from h her hair etc. The MIME is a bit of a pain in the ass real quickly moves on. BEAN is intrigued. The MIME mimes climbing a ladder. BEAN him - and looks up. There's nothing there. He decides the a tricky. This is confirmed when the MIME pretends he's l pane of glass. BEAN simply pokes his finger through the i wall, and hits the MIME's nose. CUT TO: DAVID watching bemusedly some way off.
57) 1) text: The MIME is however delighted someone is taking an intere takes a handkerchief from BEAN's pocket, and gets BEAN to the hanky's in. It's not in the left. Not in the right. B slightest bit impressed - he just reaches round and takes where it's tucked into the MIME's trousers - and heads aw off, the MIME touches h' on the shoulder. BEAN turns and mocking gun duel. He draws his guns. BEAN is pretty unimp The MIME turns his back and walks the 10 paces to draw. 4 But now BEAN decides to settles it once and for all. In a of big mime, he puts together the biggest gun ever seen o Schwarzenegger movie. He sets up a pedestal - opens a cas hugely heavy gun - then the 7 bits that click on that gun another case, and takes out the huge artillery shell to l The MIME is getting very frightened. Then BEAN pulls up a to sit behind his mega-Gatling Gun. The MIME begins to ru twirls in his imaginary seat, and lines up his sights, fo terrified MIME. Finally, in a BOOM that almost knocks BEAN out of his ima fires. 10 seconds delay, and the MIME falls in a very dra yards away. BEAN is happy - and heads back to the parking lot where D leans against his car. DAVID gets into his car. BEAN open door and thumps it loudly into the side of the expensive as this morning).
58) 0) text: DAVID parks next to a beaten up convertible. DAVID
58) 1) text: Okay. I'll get some steaks. Alison loves steak ... Wine - Candy? No candy. Alison hates candy. We gotta do this rig Bean, or ... (looks at Bean) Just stay out of trouble, ok BEAN nods.   DAVID gets out and heads for the mall.   Nea LADY) goes   through a trash can. BEAN tries to control himself but weakens. He plays with switches on the dashboard; windshield wipers, lights. The throbbing noise ... He gets out of the car to investigate BEAN swiftly locates the throbbing sound. The e-empty con engine running. BEAN notices the keys in the ignition. Ho someone. He turns off the engine and takes out the keys. people returning to their cars with groceries. BEAN offer them as if to say: "Are these yours?" [The following should take place at quite a speed, real d Then suddenly, A ROBBER dashes towards BEAN from the dire weaving in and out of parked cars, with a small white car full of money. He wears jeans, a black polo-neck and, muc a PRESIDENT CLINTON face-mask.      As far as BEAN's conc friend, the MIME. ROBBER throws the bag of money on to the back seat of the in - but he cant find the keys to start it. He franticall pockets ... BEAN leans into shot.     He holds out the keys, grinning
59) 0) text: DAVID is hurrying back to the parking lot, with a bag of bunch of red roses.. He stops dead in his tracks as he sp ALISON and CHARLES are sitting up on stools, in the windo ALISON laughs at something that CHARLES says. Their body certain closeness. DAVID is saddened. He hurries away.
60) 2) text: He draws. BEAN draws too. They fire. And BEAN really fire amazement. Onlookers scream. BEAN throws the gun away in The ROBBER lunges for it ~ BEAN kicks it away, trying to dangerous implement. The ROBBER lunges at BEAN who throws the keys away over h ROBBER has to scrabble under a car for them- BEAN thinks niftly swaps the ROBBER's bag, for one of the Old BAG LAD dollar notes spill out of it. When the ROBBER emerges with the keys, BEAN 's waiting to car. He opens the door - then spots a tourist hiding and the ROBBER and gets him to take a photograph of them. BEA ROBBER's mask as the picture is taken. Forgetting himself for the camera. The ROBBER, jolted back to reality by the sound of approa sirens, jumps in the car and drives away. BEAN waves good convertible as a couple of Police cars screech up. COPS j DAVID approaches the scene with groceries and roses. What BEAN caused now? But instead of trouble, he sees the pass to their feet, applauding BEAN and whistling! They crowd explaining what a hero BEAN has been. BEAN hands over the gun to a COP. He doesn't really under fuss is about. He notices the BAG LADY wandering away with her bags. Should he tell her tha of them for the ROBBER'S? No. He's getting too much atten A COP comes up to BEAN. It is COP 1 from the airport scen
62) 0) text: DAVID is talking to KEVIN. BEAN is there. In the backgrou with a computer game. DAVID is very animated.
62) 1) dialog: He was incredible.     This guy is fearless.     He has n KEVIN
62) 3) dialog: Well, there is that ...
63) 11) text: Hi..... (PAUSE ) Roses. DAVID
63) 13) text: Great. ( SHE SETTLES A LITTLE ) You said you'd ask Griers putting our guest somewhere else. Did you? DAVID
63) 15) text: Meaning? DAVID
63) 17) text: Honestly David, you're so spineless. Pause. Jennifer looks around.   She can't help but hear. experience. DAVID
63) 18) text: Roses.     Wine. He is asking her for softness. Pause. At which moment BEA pointy hat. He helps himself to a melon from a bowl. He g ALISON looks at DAVID sadly. ALISON
63) 20) text: I really do need some time on my own. Away from here. DAVID
63) 22) text: Okay. ( GHOST OF A SMILE ) Put Bambi down, and we'll talk He puts Bambi down on the side-table, on the flat surface BEAN appears again behind her, now looking even madder. P pointy ears made from melon peel, held in place by the ru round his face ~ huge front teeth also cut from the melon gleefully. DAVID and ALISON just stare. BEAN is followed by KEVIN wh and teeth. DAVID
63) 24) text: No, that's not for the TV. That's for the ... Too late! BEAN punches a button and the lid of the CD player launches the Bambi into the air. DAVID sees it. In slow motion he dives dramatically and j smashes on the floor. BEAN raises his eyes heavenwards, shakes his head and tut is a real Butter Fingers. JENNIFER, upset, has found the TV remote and unintentiona Vampire game to a TV channel. It's very loud. ALISON gives DAVID a tearful look, and shakes her head.
65) 2) text: It's a kind of an interesting swap. Mom for the Man from She gets up and walks away. DAVID
65) 5) dialog: Sure.    You're right. KEVIN
65) 9) dialog: Yes, I am.    I must.
66) 0) text: DAVID heads for Mr BEAN's room, and knocks cautiously on
66) 2) text: Enter. DAVID enters - Camera follows as DAVID finds his way thro hanging from strings across the room. BEAN is sticking th album.
66) 3) dialog: Hi, am I disturbing you? BEAN gives him an affable smile. In a pause before he qui to broach the difficult subject, DAVID asks a polite ques
66) 4) dialog: May I? BEAN acquiesces. He starts from the beginning, with pictu kid. Always standing on his own. Picture of BEAN with mop of frizzy hair, at 16.    DAVID stupid disco dancing. DAVID turns another page. It is a sequence      of pictur locations - Big Ben, Stonehenge, Buckingham     Palace, 1 are .idiosyncratic because all taken by him     at arms l - so he never quite makes it squarely into     shot. A whole page of Teddy. Then three pages of BEAN's mini wi labels, going way back. Then a whole page of garden gnomes. DAVID
66) 5) text: None of your folks here - Family? BEAN starts to look for something in particular.      DAV broach the awful subject. DAVID
66) 6) text: Look... the reason I came in here was to ... well... sinc been here twelve all... BEAN has    found what he was looking for. It is the pict that he    took from the landing on his first night here. Polaroid    of himself, from the mall, that he rescued fr next to    it. He's even written - 'Bean &amp; Family' - anything    sad about it. But DAVID is rather moved. Paus DAVID
66) 7) text: Well, that's er...great. Look, I just came in ... (no, he it) ... to say good night. Okay? BEAN nods.    DAVID smiles and goes to the door. BE-AN waves good-bye a little rudely and gets back to the feel sorry for him, he's a little rude. DAVID walks away,
66) 8) dialog: Spineless.
67) 0) text: The first morning without ALISON.    "She's Gone" by Hall a song full of yearning. DAVID feels the other side of the bed.    No-one there. He walks into the bathroom and turns on the shower. Then bedroom - She's gone - I've got to learn how to face it " from a cupboard and returns to the bathroom. He feels ver He removes his pyjamas and gets into the steam-filled sho she's gone" - but the camera moves to reveal that he is n BEAN has, simply entered the shower, and is now happily s wearing ALISON's shower cap. manly screams from the both
68) 0) text: DAVID sitting down at table, with BEAN, who is tucking in burger &amp; bun with knife and fork. DAVID speaks after DAVID
68) 1) text: Bean can I ask you something? BEAN nods. DAVID
70) 0) text: BEAN returns, sits down and starts to eat again. David is thought.
70) 1) dialog: Well, they say there's only one way to get over this sort thing. Take it day by day. Keep working. Keep to your nor patterns. That's the only hope. So let's just ... take to shall we? BEAN nods.    He is not on David's emotional level here. DAVID
71) 0) text: BEAN and David en route to the painting. DAVID
72) 0) text: BEAN and DAVID do the rest of the journey, in quick cuts in an elevator. A sense of expectation and excitement. En joined by ELMER, the huge Security Guard. The three arrive outside a large oak door. ELMER ceremoni door, all the time glaring at BEAN - who swallows hard. A and a buzzer sounds. Then there is the door to the inner sanctum. ELMER stares unlocks it. Another light turns green and another buzzer DAVID
72) 2) text: Not in one piece anyway. I see Mrs Whistler as kind of .. my own dear mother. I'd kill any man that tried to interf her. The Vice President here will vouch for that. DAVID
72) 3) text: You've known me five years Elmer. When do you get to call David? ELMER
72) 4) text: Not my place, sir. It would only be a matter of time befo calling you Dave. Then where would we be? By next year, y my Sweety-Pie" and I'm "Coochie-Coo". I'11 be back in 15. He salutes, glares at BEAN and walks away.        BEAN an BEAN looks warily back at ELMER DAVID
73) 1) dialog: Stay there.    Keep your eyes closed. One final lock, one DAVID unlocks double doors in a wall with a plastic key c The camera holds on BEAN, his eyes tight shut. The lights face, a magical golden glow.
73) 4) text: I'11 leave you with her for a few minutes. I'm sure you'l to give her a proper inspection. But whatever you do, don the room. Megasecurity, okay? Catch you. BEAN nods. DAVID leaves him.         BEAN is still for a inspects it closely. He tuts disapprovingly as he spots dust on the bottom of it away fussily. He steps back to admire the painting. Th nose and... SNEEZE - all over the painting! He takes out his handkerchief and wipes the spittle off i back at the painting. Unfortunately, there now seems to b right across Mrs Whistler's face.. BEAN checks his handkerchief. Yes, there's wet ink all ov leaking pen in his pocket. 0 God. He takes out his shirt, tries to wipe the painting, but he can't make the shirt r the painting down from the wall and has another go. NO GO spreads right over Whistler's Mother's pure white collar. BEAN    now looks round in panic. What the hell can he do door    - and looks out into the corridor. He hears someo sees    a young girl from the catering staff wheeling a s past,    covered with a white cloth. He goes back in - and has an idea.        He goes to a li and begins to take thing off it.
78) 0) text: DAVID is talking to BERNIE in the grounds.       We can s gallery in shot as they talk.
78) 4) dialog: Ah. Fine.     It's good.   It's great. We will be slightly distracted by      the observation th America's most valuable painting,      is at this moment ledge three floors up - where Bean      has put in, outsi window. A bird and then a couple       more birds perch o
78) 8) dialog: Yes, isn't he.
78) 10) dialog: Isn't it? BERNIE
78) 11) text: I like to think that's what's happened with you and me .. though you're kinda my boss. Still maybe it won't always way, huh? DAVID doesn't quite see what BERNIE is getting at but smi Now we see BEAN's plan -    he has emerged at a nearby wi the painting at first.     So he stretches further and fu No good. Finally he has     to go out on the ledge. He sh then decide to settle on    him instead. Finally he gets As he does so, he loses    hold. He just manages to grabs falls. DAVID
78) 13) text: Thanks, David.   Always a pleasure. Period. BEAN is slowly managing to claw his way back towards the painting. It is an extraordinary piece of acrobatics. DAV
82) 0) text: BEAN gets back to the right rooms and closes the door des He stands frozen for a second - and at that moment, a han BEAN leaps at it and stops. the handle turning. Then ther moves the big table in front of the door - he's barricadi There's a famous Rodin sculpture in there - he shoves it door as well. When he's succeeded, he leans hot and sweat door on the other side of the room calmly opens and .... DAVID
82) 3) dialog: What?    What? Pause.   Pause.    BEAN finally shows it.   Not a pretty
82) 4) dialog: Oh Jesus. Oh God.     Oh Jesus God.   Oh Mary Mother of J Jesus of Nazareth.
82) 6) dialog: What happened?!!! BEAN
82) 7) text: Ahm.... (setting himself up for an interesting, comprehen answer). DAVID
82) 8) text: Don't bother (panicking) Oh my god..... He rushes to the door he just came in - and locks it. Wait a minute - why am I worrying about this? I did it. I out and tell them what happened - you're a madman from En you did this terrible thing and it's not my fault. That's isn't it? BEAN nods, knowing he deserves his doom. Perfect - and then they say - who left him alone with the picture?" And I say - "me". And they say "you're fired". say ' right'. And so I get fired and you go to jail and n any happier. BEAN shakes his head. And then they say, "firing David isn't enough - let's pro him for negligence. And they prosecute me and it turns ou negligent and I go to jail, and my wife leaves me and my becomes a prostitute and I end up on Death Row sharing a Butch McDick, the infamous gay rapist - or worse, I end u same cell as you! BEAN looks hurt. No, no...Now, let's just be calm let's think about this c (he tries - and fails ... ) Oh Godigodigod! Okay, now wai Let's have another look at it. BEAN shows it to him. Jesus!!! I'm already thinking back to 5 minutes ago as pa 5 minutes ago - just walking along, shooting the breeze w old pal Bernie. BEAN then he has a brilliant idea. He hangs the painting security cupboard and closes the doors. Then he removes f small note book. He scribbles something on it, tears the page out, licks i the cupboard door. It reads `OUT OF ORDER'. DAVID
82) 12) text: Ah, David.   Showing Dr. Bean our good lady? BEAN
82) 13) text: Actually I'm not a... DAVID
82) 15) text: Well, good - think I may go and look at her myself... DAVID
82) 18) text: Because they've just cut her into tiny pieces, sir.     T BEAN and DAVID die and go to hell until ELMER laughs at h GRIERSON laughs too. ELMER
82) 19) text: I better continue my rounds, sir.. He strolls away. DAVID
82) 21) text: Time taken its toll on the old girl, eh? DAVID
82) 23) text: Oh yes. DAVID
82) 25) text: Thank you David.   However, flattery will get you nowhere is, I have a rather different plan for Whistler's dear Ma Bernie and I have been inspecting our books - and the lon short of it is, we cannot survive with our current losses
82) 26) dialog: ... you have to sack me.     I understand, sir.    I'll g fact I'll go right now. GRIERSON
82) 27) text: No. no, no, hold on ... We cant sustain our loses - so I' decided.. to sell Whistler's Mother. DAVID lets out a little yelp. GRIERSON
82) 29) dialog: Yes, sir.   Yes, sir.   Congratulations. Marvellous thing GRIERSON leaves.    DAVID turns to BEAN.
82) 30) dialog: Bean.   Do you drink? BEAN shakes his head.
82) 31) dialog: Neither do I.
83) 0) text: It is very late and very gloomy. Just a couple of loners drinks. The BARTENDER is up one end of the counter, smoki sports pages. There is a T.V. on above the bar, showing b BEAN and DAVID are sitting up at the bar. The latter has whisky and looks the worse for it. BEAN has a tall glass and paper umbrellas. We can guess how much he's had to dr has difficulty finding the straw with his mouth. DAVID al slurs his words: DAVID
83) 2) dialog: I guess not. He fills his glass from a bottle. You know, I don't get it. The New Artist     exhibition-t people might not all have liked the dead    sheep, but .. didn't look that empty to me. It wasn't     full but I sa just don't understand how the gallery can    be so bankru to sell the Whistler. He looks at BEAN who now has peanuts in each nostril. DAVID notices the BARTENDER looking at BEAN strangely ... DAVID
83) 3) text: He's English, okay?    You wanna make something of it? BARTENDER goes back to reading. DAVID searches for his la taking a huge swig from his drink. DAVID
83) 4) text: ... To hell with the figures. I'm not a damn accountant. artist. You know, me and Ali met in art school? I cut qui figure then. Far cry from the man you see before you now. I smoked Gitanes before I went to bed, to help me sort ou problems of the world. Now, I take a spoonful of laxative I go to bed to help me sort out the problem with my bowel BEAN at that moment is keen to show DAVID his nut trick. high into the air - and catches it in his mouth. Then doe with his eyes closed. Actually, it's rather impressive. DAVID
83) 5) text: Truth is, I disappointed her. I turned out to have no spi Spineless. A kind of medical miracle. Mr Flippy-Floppy. I just don't seem to be able to fight - cant stick up for m Too nice. I mean, I should never have let you come stay a should be handing you over to the police right now. Shall tell you something, Beanie ... Bean has been interested all this, even looking to    che indeed have no spine. But now the baseball on the     TV him to concentrate on-this important confidence.     He r DAVID to be quiet for a second. He blows a peanut     fro T.V. - it hits the button, and changes station to    a pl station. DAVID
83) 6) text: Do you want to know what the reality of the situation is? BEAN nods his head, very curious, listening hard. This is it. Because you moved into my house, my wife has me. She might have done it anyway - but you were the ten weight that broke the camel's spinal column. BEAN stares at DAVID - something is getting in he's actua That's point one. And point two - is that you've destroye Whistler's Mother, which was' the last hope for the place I work. So within a week, I'm going to lose my job as wel BEAN nods, seriously dispirited. DAVID
84) 0) text: DAVID is asleep in bed.     The camera moves out into the room. INT.   THE LEARY HOUSE.    BEAN'S ROOM- NIGHT. BEAN is lying, fully dressed, in the darkness, on his bac Worried by what he's heard. Then suddenly an idea comes i music is like his brain He jumps off the bed. There follows a version of the classic tooling up for act the 'tools' here are distinctly bizarre. BEAN picks up hi quick cuts, rushes through the house and collects....
88) 0) text: Inside, BEAN is casually pouring the entire       content tin into BUCK's coffee. He also swaps two        keys on desk. He then takes the opportunity to put        the ove shaped like a pig, one like a crocodile, so       he can BUCK returns. He sits down, and takes a long gulp of coff watches. BUCK feels something uncomfortable in his stomac from his rack of keys, and sets off and rounds a corner- BEAN watches him break into a canter - as he passes throu BUCK is at full sprint. BEAN giggles. BEAN is satisfied he'll be uninterrupted for a while. He rack, borrows two keys, and sets off on his mission. The film are a sequence of cuts between three scenarios: FIRST: BUCK - his next 10    minutes    are not happy one toilet, the key he chose    does not    unlock it. He has the keys, and charge back    again to    the door. Then h single key. We never see     him find    the right one. SECOND scenario - all the    activities of the night show monitors. BUCK sprinting     desperately through shot - B his business and, on one    occasion, BUCK running right seeing him - he has other    things on his mind. THIRD scenario - we actually see BEAN's Big Plan. He unlocks the merchandise shop. So he can see properly a free, he puts the y-fronts on his head, and wedges the to head-lamp. He then takes a poster of Whistler's Mother an the rolled-up Tennis Ball Girl. He unrolls the Whistler a encyclopaedias on its corners to hold it down. He separates the yokes from the eggs, mixes the whites wi and varnishes the-poster with it. Dries it off with the h ,With the now stiff poster, he heads up elevators and esc Whistler Room itself, all the time chewing gum franticall unlocks the final cupboard with David's plastic key, take and removes the destroyed Mother from its gilded frame, a frame. He uses the chewed gum to stick the new one down t He then puts the very convincing forgery back into the se relocks it with DAVID's key card. The job is done.     He scrunches up the old, torn pictur and heads off.
92) 0) text: DAVID wakes with a violent start.
92) 1) dialog: 0 my God. Tell it vas a dream. The door swings open.       It is Bean with a tray of cof
92) 3) dialog: It wasn't a dream, was it. I have to go in to work and te Whistler's Mother now looks like Danny De Vito.
92) 5) dialog: What?
94) 0) text: Still highly amused, BEAN      guides DAVID in the direct David takes out his key to      open the room - but the d is shocked. There stands       GRIERSON, looking straight all its untorn, unsmudged,      undestroyed glory. GRIERSON
94) 1) text: I think you're wrong, David. She looks as fine as she's e looked. Worth every cent of the 10 million dollar-s.
94) 2) dialog: Ahm.... GRIERSON
94) 4) dialog: Quite right, sir. Grierson leaves.    David gets close to the painting and
94) 5) dialog: Wait a minute. BEAN just puts his finger to his mouth...
96) 0) text: JENNIFER is heading down the path.    DAVID runs out of t with her. DAVID
96) 1) text: Jen, you have to help me here! I've got to go in to work, with your mom away ... I really need you. A powerful motorbike turns into the drive at speed and sk opposite direction. JENNIFER runs over to it. The bike's engine and removes his helmet. It is STINGO, the white Ra airport, with the hair extensions and the sixty rings in STINGO (to DAVID)
96) 3) text: Don't worry, Dad.    I'll be home. Monday, after school. BEAN and KEVIN arrive at DAVID's side to spectre. KEVIN
96) 4) text: Hey, En, nice bike'- but remember: any kids you have are look just like its handsome driver. DAVID (angry now)
96) 9) dialog: Don't just stand there, Bean - do something. BEAN instantly takes on the hero's mantle and runs to the far behind him. STINGO is still trying to kick start it. small screwdriver and twiddles with something on the engi The bike sparks into life and does a wheelie before speed and down the road. BEAN stands, hands on hips, looking ve himself indeed.
97) 0) text: DAVID, BEAN and KEVIN at the reception desk.
97) 6) dialog: Yes, look, I wanted to talk to you about this.      I'm s haven't been doing as badly as all that.
98) 0) text: BERNIE, DAVID and GRIERSON. BERNIE looks very confident a monitor. A painting is in fact 'doing' something, on the the girls in a Toulouse-Lautrec painting actually dance t GRIERSON
98) 1) text: Well, congratulations.    Isn't that great, David?
98) 2) dialog: Certainly is. BERNIE
98) 4) text: Well, bravo! What with you and Whistler's Ma - I think I' winning team. DAVID slightly embarrassed not to be included in the winn to the poster of Whistler's Mother behind GRIERSON's desk
99) 4) text: Jesus! Hurry up you guys. Am I the only person round here actually gets things done. He exits. BERNIE is growing in confidence - and getting n minute. DAVID pulls a face at ELMER. DAVID
99) 6) text: Sure did. DAVID
102) 7) text: Hey. Let's junk the medals, Elmer. This is not a Veterans reunion. We wanna make the Governor feel at home. Not rem of piles of dead people wearing uniforms. ELMER puts on a defiant face. DAVID shakes his head disap moves BERNIE to meet DAVID. They 'Shake hands. DAVID
102) 8) text: David Leary. I'd like to echo my colleagues welcome to yo thank you for your patronage ... BERNIE rudely cuts him off. BERNIE
104) 0) text: BERNIE enters - DAVID is looking at Whistler's Mother, st
113) 2) text: Jesus ... no one's got feet like for crying out loud. Hav got feet like that? Dammed if I have. Let's move it, shal BERNIE spots a slightly concerned DAVID.
113) 4) dialog: Yes. Ahm.      I was just wondering where my English hous got to. BERNIE
113) 5) text: He's just parking the Governor's car. DAVID
116) 0) text: Everyone enters. DAVID
116) 1) text: Ladies and gentlemen - most of you have seen Whistler's M before, can I ask you just to step back. Thank you. It's part of his plan of caution - he knows there's somet wants as few people as possible to .see the painting clos moves back. DAVID
116) 2) text: I'd like the Governor to have, as it were, a private audi his new friend. REYNOLDS is flattered. Silence. DAVID inserts the plastic the doors - and sure enough there in all its glory is Whi Respectful silence. REYNOLDS is delighted.     He stands back to inspect her. REYNOLDS
116) 4) text: Bravo - what do you say to a final glass of, though I say myself, rather 'expensive' champagne. (grins smugly) People start to file out. REYNOLDS, GRIERSON, BERNIE and DAVID spots BEAN arriving. He hands the car keys back to slightly dazed smile. DAVID eagerly takes his arm and bri DAVID
118) 0) text: DAVID and BEAN stand alone in silence, in front of the de absolutely destitute. DAVID stares at him. BEAN just lift Totally sad. What will, what can DAVID say to him? Finall his hands on his shoulder.
118) 1) dialog: Nice try, kiddo. BEAN cant quite believe he's forgiven. At which moment, t the door. ANNIE enters, holding KEVIN's hand. ANNIE
118) 2) text: David.   There's a call for you.    It's your wife. DAVID
118) 4) text: BEAN and DAVID both take this in.      DAVID turns and ru area. ANNIE calls after him.
119) 0) text: The party is in disarray. In the background, DAVID is on reception counter with KEVIN and BEAN. BRUTUS hovers, he wants to question him. REYNOLDS
120) 0) text: DAVID's car screeches out onto the street and tears away. BRUTUS and SIDE-KICK arrive, flustered, at their car. frantically searching for its keys.
122) 0) text: DAVID's car speeds by.      ELMER's car is not far behind
123) 0) text: DAVID is driving fast.
123) 5) text: How the hell should I know? KEVIN is hurt. I'm sorry. What can I say - she's unconscious. And I mean every night when we sleep, we're all unconscious, aren't She'll pull out of it. God though - why the hell do kids ride bikes? DAVID slams on the brakes.     He nearly went through a r DAVID
123) 6) text: Damn! She's a good kid. Sometimes good people get a break in a while. (manages a smile) A chauffeur driven, open top limo, pulls up next to DAVID out of his window to see the BAG LADY, from the mall robb back. She is still wearing her filthy clothes. She raises champagne to BEAN and smiles. BEAN waves back uncertainly.     He's sure he's seen her CUT TO: ELMER's CAR is in the traffic queue about ten car SIDE-KICK get out and start running down the line towards The lights are green. DAVID puts his foot down and the ca just as BRUTUS and SIDE-KICK are within inches it. CUT TO: BRUTUS and SIDE-KICK turn on their heels and head They are very unfit. They are just about to jump in the car when gun shots are gas station- BRUTUS turns and sees a .robbery in progress is about to run away. BRUTUS is torn, not knowing which q BRUTUS
124) 0) text: Much hustle and bustle. DAVID is getting directions from He beckons to KEVIN and BEAN and strides, purposely towar hurry to catch him up, and Bean treat on the back of his and shouts at him. DAVID
125) 0) text: DAVID and KEVIN turns a corner - and stop, frozen. There, bench, outside JENNIFER's room, is ALISON. She gets to he meet.
126) 4) text: They're not calling it a coma. The doctor says she's ... kind of taking time out. (to Kevin) Hi, tough guy. (to Da a busy night. The doctor will be back in a while. A doctor passes DAVID
130) 0) text: ALISON, DAVID and KEVIN are sitting on the bench opposite KEVIN picks up JENNIFER's SUPER NINTENDO console from the notices this. ALISON answers his look. ALISON
130) 3) text: That right.   So I went home and picked it up. DAVID
131) 2) text: There certainly is.    Dr Bean here just saved his life. SIDE-KICK's eyes water. He's choked. BEAN shakes his hand heads on fast before he's found out. He turns the corner DAVID and ALISON, still seated. ALISON sees him.
131) 5) text: Nothing ever really changes, does it, David? She turns her head away: the bond of the moments before i very contrite. At that moment, another doctor walks by. DAVID
131) 7) text: Yes, your doctor will be with you in a minute.    We have deal with here, sir. ALISON looks round, and shakes her head. BEAN kicks DAVID DAVID looks round, puzzled. There is a poster of the huma points to the spine. DAVID looks but cannot fathom a rele it. Another doctor comes along - the same one who they spoke young, confident slightly arrogant. ALISON
131) 10) text: Okay. DAVID looks at the poster opposite again. Spine, ribcage, at Bean gesturing to it. This time the penny drops! Spine DAVID
131) 12) text: I beg your pardon? DAVID
131) 15) dialog: We have. In fact, we've been sitting here since the start Millennium and I'd really like some action from you befor of the world. A hint of a smile arrives on ALISON's lips. She's heard t
131) 18) dialog: Yes, and Bean, for God's sake, keep out of the goddamn wa you? BEAN nods enthusiastically and backs off.
133) 5) dialog: shhh... ALISON
133) 6) text: It was nothing. We're not ... He just makes me laugh. the last time we laughed? Any of us? DAVID
133) 10) text: Sorry, folks. We're short on these and there's another ki the hall that could use ... DAVID
135) 0) text: DAVID, ALISON and KEVIN walk back towards the room. ALISON
135) 1) text: Maybe I ought to think about getting another job. DAVID
135) 2) text: Good idea - with a boss who's a really ugly son-of-a-bitc She and DAVID manage to share a smile. They're going to g Suddenly, we hear noise from the vampire game, coming fro KEVIN registers this and is puzzled. Then ALISON and DAVI
135) 3) dialog: I thought you said....
136) 0) text: The LEARYS appear in the open doorway.       Their expres to horror. BEAN has plugged the SUPER NINTENDO games system into the E.C.G. monitor. A couple of bats are flapping about the worrying thing here (shown in close-up) is the sight of a up and down, lashing out, with his sword, at the passing Jennifer's faint vital signs ... ALISON gasps.      DAVID slowly moves into the room. DAVID
136) 1) text: Now, Bean ... just put down that thing ... nice and slow hear me? Come on now... But BEAN is determined to keep going - it's his way of re DAVID approaches the opposite side of the bed and gets re TO: a close-up of the monitor. The he-man chases the puls DAVID dives across the bed just as he man swipes the puls sword. DAVID has landed on top of JENNIFER. The pulse lig monitor screen whites-out. JENNIFER wakes up with a start
137) 0) text: ALISON is fixing some coffee.       DAVID enters.
138) 0) text: With heavy hearts everyone is gathered to hear their fate familiar faces. DAVID. BERNIE. ELMER. ANNIE. BEAN, lookin shifty. Dead silence as GRIERSON stands, very solemnly. GRIERSON
138) 1) text: Colleagues - what can I say? Incidents such as occurred y teach a man important lessons. On reflection, I realise i have been a sin to sell Whistler's Mother to such an impe philistine as Governor Reynolds. And therefore, I blame m for having ever let things get to such a pass that we fel realise our the staff - twelve got today, I've Schimmel a her. I suddenly problem here hasn't been it's been the le flabby, lazy- And so decided to appoint Bernie my new Vic President. CUT TO BERNIE, looking smug next to DAVID, who is pretty GRIERSON
138) 6) text: The best security in the world is no match for a master criminal. But no master criminal is a match for me. Thank you all. Now if you would please return to your posts, my Vice President, Bernard Shimmel would like you all to see computer program we had prepared for yesterday until we w so rudely interrupted by events. The room is emptying.     DAVID and BEAN stand there, DAV heads over. GRIERSON
138) 7) text: David, David, David ...
138) 8) dialog: I'm fired?    Because I let a... copy of a painting the g GRIERSON
138) 9) text: Of course not. I'm sacking you for neglectful conduct, relating to the heavy financial loss this gallery has inc through your recent lack of professional judgement. A los trust Bernie will be able to reverse. David
138) 12) text: Of course, Dr. Bean, we'll arrange alternative accommodat for you. I believe Bernie has a spare room with en suite bathroom. DAVID glares at BERNIE.     BEAN is thinking 'No!   I don horrible BERNIE.' GRIERSON
145) 2) text: Shut up, Schimmel. Exactly how long have you been siphoni gallery money into your own private accounts? DAVID scrolls down the screen. DAVID
146) 0) text: Half an hour later. Police cars draw up.      BERNIE is s of one. GRIERSON, BEAN &amp; DAVID watch. GRIERSON (to uniformed cop)
146) 2) text: Oh, yeah - I forgot. SIDE-KICK opens the back of the car.    He takes out a hu The chief said I was to give you these. BEAN is delighted. Then sniffs the flowers.      What a n sort of thing at all. SIDE-KICK drives AWAY.   GRIERSON turns to DAVID. GRIERSON
146) 3) text: I owe you a very serious apology, young man. It wouldn't me if you wanted to leave us after this. I sincerely hope you do not. DAVID
146) 6) dialog: And a car. GRIERSON
146) 8) dialog: Maybe two cars. GRIERSON
146) 9) text: A car sounds sensible. DAVID
146) 10) text: And I need Fridays off, to spend more time with my family Speaking of which - if you'll excuse me .... I've got a l time to make up. DAVID heads off. BEAN wants to follow, but needs to get r flowers. He turns to ANNIE and gives them to her to be ri beams with delight: after all, he DID love her. BEAN heads off with DAVID to the parking lot.       As th round BEAN. Who shoos him away instantly.           No sloppiness for
148) 0) text: BEAN, KEVIN    &amp; DAVID    get into the car. It pulls sticks his    hand of    the window - and waves a last fa JENNIFER.     At last    a sentimental moment - romantic Minelli at    the end    of "Cabaret". Until the waving hand viciously cracks against the wooden car squeezes past.
149) 0) text: The three 30 year old women, dressed in curly red wigs fr 'Annie', hug and kiss their little BALD MAN and send him gates. They shriek and wave him good-bye. DAVID, KEVIN an
149) 1) dialog: ... Oh, and Grierson phoned Lord Walton at the National. good things about you. So expect a great reception back h huh? BEAN delighted. Promotion is in his sights. He studies hi being polite but held really like to get going.
149) 3) text: ... in the distant future. DAVID
149) 4) text: Bye, Bean. Thanks for everything. And take care, huh? it's insane, but I'm going to miss you. BEAN    nods abruptly, picks up his case, checks his watc look    back. Kevin and David turn and walk away. DAVID d over    his shoulder at BEAN, heading off in the distance turn,    so DAVID walks on. Then there is suddenly a tap on his shoulder. It's BEAN, magically jumped there. He gives DAVID a big bear hug, a little wave - and heads away. In the distance, he treads one's shoe.
158) 0) text: The crate is now on the top of a forklift truck moving up American airline cargo plane. Close up on a large sticker reads: "DAVID LEARY, 23 WOODFORD AVENUE, CHESTERFIELD, CA WITH CARE. And cut to the plane flying through clear skies.   Though course there are no clear skies ahead.