4) 5) text: Timothy is loading the final catalogue data as we speak, Milord. An awful thing to say, but when the program's up running our, Mr. Bean will become a little less than .... useful? A glimmer of hope.
11) 2) text: Only if we're positive that the new catalogue database wi Mr. Bean's hitherto 'talents' obsolete. HUBERT
11) 4) text: Very well.   Mr Bean is.... art history.    We can all st the pills. A reserved smatter of laughter, from relief more than any into an intercom on the table. LORD WALTON
11) 5) text: Miss Hutchinson, would you send Mr. Bean up to the boardr please. MISS HUTCHINSON
12) 2) text: Mr. Bean.     Lord Walton would like to see you in the bo BEAN gives a little pleasured squeak.             How exc HUTCHINSON out into the corridor.
13) 2) text: Ah, Mr. Bean. Please take a seat for a moment.      I hav which will not, I'm afraid... The phone rings. LORD WALTON answers. BEAN sits next to V at him. VINCENT's breath hasn't improved. LORD WALTON (into phone)
13) 5) text: Mr. Bean.     Wonderful news. You are going to America.
13) 6) dialog: (overwhelmed)
17) 0) text: The camera faces Mr BEAN sitting in a Photo booth. His fa impassive for 1, 2, then 3 flashes. And then, just before pulls the biggest, maddest face you've ever seen. Flash! Satisfied giggle.
21) 0) text: MR. BEAN is ready to leave his room.       Battered old suitcase in hand, he checks the room from the doorway. Every conceivable thing that can be opened - cupboards, drawers, fridge -sports an oversized padlock.    Even Bean's old G.P.O. phone has one on its dial. BEAN looks across to his TEDDY, who is lounging on a mini an up-sided cardboard box. The box is sits on an armchair sign, taped to its roof reads: 'TEDDY HOTEL' followed by A smaller sign informs us that the hotel is: 'FULL'. BEAN leave but stops to consider. Taking a felt tipped pen, he on the hotel hoarding, as a treat. He then, slightly, incomprehensibly, begins to tie string objects in the flat. The fridge - the corner of a chair,
23) 1) text: Be careful.   It's for my Grand-daughter. The next instant BEAN comes up with his case. He opens th tries to fit his case in. Doesn't quite go - so he pushes hear crunching cracking sounds. Finally, it's almost ther locker door. One final definitive, though muffled, smash. at BEAN suspiciously. 2/ BEAN sits down - and who should be his next door neigh whose name is REYNOLDS. BEAN smiles merrily. The affectio Champagne comes    round instantly. BEAN takes it, along nuts, and clinks    glasses with his unsmiling partner. B him by throwing    nuts up into the air and catching them practised art).     No response. BEAN then switches on the noisy overhead air blower. Then again. It's very stuck. He manages however to push it awa straight into REYNOLDS' . REYNOLDS looks annoyed, BEAN gu Then 'BEAN has an idea. He takes a tissue out of his pock mouth, chews it into a spitball And rams it into the blower. Both of them are relieved. R his champagne to have his first proper sip. And whapp! Th high pressure, shoots into it, sending champagne spraying all over REYNOLDS. 3/--BEAN is reading the in-flight magazine. There's an an looks sideways - it is the headphones of the YOUNG BOY in aisle. He's fallen asleep with his headphones on. BEAN lo suddenly decides to cut his fingernails with a little pai carries. He holds out his hand to snip the nail - and acc simply cuts the wire of the boy's headset. That's better. 4/ Night. Wide shot of the plane - everyone is asleep exc light. It's Mr BEAN still up, reading. But even he is   wilting. His eyes close, and his body st sleep. Next to    him, REYNOLDS is in a total lying posit unfortunately,   as BEAN slowly tips over, his mouth come with REYNOLDS'   flies. From across the compartment, a hostess sees what's happen comes over and taps BEAN on the ,,shoulder. He shoots up, strangles her in shock. She calms him down, shows him how back - and leaves him to sleep. CUT ON.... 5/ REYNOLDS still asleep. With BEAN asleep completely on Completely. His hand is spread on REYNOLDS' face. REYNOLD sees what's happened. His arm goes up and rings for the H 6/ Morning has broken. REYNOLDS is still trying to sleep awake. The Hostess approaches, and the MOTHER of the YOUN isn't very well. BEAN decides to cheer him up. He mimes an aeroplane which more ill. Then does a rather good lizard impersonation by paper to his tongue and eye-lids and fluttering them. He then brings out a scrunched up bag of Dolly Mixtures a throwing a sweet in the air and catching it in his mouth. to be impressed. BEAN tries to cheer him up with his imaginary gun pretend and then a tough American Cop. Nothing. Then he has an ex He empties the Dolly Mixtures from the paper bag and pock He then blows up the empty bag and is about to pop it to he sees it's got a hole in it. No fun. Meanwhile, the Boy has taken out his sick-bag. BEAN is de that's perfect. He turns away for a split second to scrun bag, while, unseen to him, the boy vomits into his bag. B bag from him - blows into it, puts it right into REYNOLDS length, and smacks his hands together. CUT at just the ri
28) 1) text: Mr. Bean. Are you presently on any kind of medication at BEAN thinks deeply for a moment then shakes his head. BRUTUS
47) 7) text: Ah, Mr Bean ... BEAN
58) 3) text: I said, give me the keys! BEAN turns and holds out two hands, just like the MIME di perplexed ROBBER picks one hand. Wrong one. He then.... p it hard to MR BEAN in BEAN's face. Passers-by scream and the bag lady amongst them. Sudden harsh reality. But not to BEAN. He simply takes the gun, and waves it in ticking him off for breaking the rules. ROBBER
61) 5) dialog: Oh, yes.
65) 6) text: You know, Mr. Bean's okay. You're not gonna kick him out, you, Dad? JENNIFER (FROM HER DOOR)
66) 0) text: DAVID heads for Mr BEAN's room, and knocks cautiously on
103) 1) text: I'm just gonna go see if Annie needs me for anything. she smells kinda nice. okay? (grins). BEAN smiles and gives KEVIN a thumbs-up.       KEVIN retu exits.. Back to the computer, BEAN clicks on an icon which takes floor gallery. He clicks through various paintings and st of the woman, in the castle, wearing the chastity belt. B enlarges the painting to fill the screen. He happily hums the catchy tune from 'GOBLINS 2' and home padlock on the chastity belt. Padlocks interest him. He c keyhole rapidly (as we have seen him do with the frog in MR. BEAN
106) 0) text: The red carpet unrolls all the way to the Rolls, rear doo bottom of the driver's door. It opens and out step a pair army boots and khaki trousers. The legs step sideways onto the carpet and approach us. C show us that GOVERNOR REYNOLDS is dressed in his Veteran' medals and forage cap. He is a grand figure. In fact - he grand figure Mr BEAN caused epic problems To on the plane prized possession, the car, a little token polish with hi heading on. BRUTUS and his SIDE-KICK COP fall into step behind him. presence today. GRIERSON and BERNIE greet REYNOLDS at the entrance. GRIERSON is wearing a striking brand new light blue silk frowning - not happy about that uniform. GRIERSON
126) 8) text: At least you didn't bring Mr Bean with you.
136) 3) text: I don't care what anyone says. Mr. Bean brought my sister from the dead. He did it under laboratory conditions. My not lie! ALISON grins at him.      Then at BEAN.