6) 0) text: Jeffrey comes in and a young Girl, six, is watching television in the den...BARBARA.
6) 2) dialog: Hi, Daddy.
6) 4) dialog: Ms. Laufer gave me a star today.
6) 6) dialog: For reading. He pours himself a drink at a wet bar.
6) 8) dialog: Okay. Dutiful, she shuts off the TV, going upstairs. BARBARA (cont'd)
7) 2) dialog: She was playing with my Pooh doll again... Jeffrey sits her on the side of her bed next to which is Nebulizer, an air compressor to deliver medication via a into a circular mouthpiece. The compressor whirs.  Deborah breathes in the medication Jeffrey brushes the hair back from her face and wipes perspiration from her forehead as...
7) 5) dialog: She was playing with the Pooh doll.
8) 12) dialog: I'll take some.
8) 14) dialog: Can I go over to Janeane's house?
41) 0) text: They drive away.  Lowell, incongruously sitting in the ba seat with Barbara.  Jeffrey and Deborah in the front seat And it's quiet, just the sound of the wipers on the windo And as Lowell rides with them...
50) 0) text: Jeffrey's asleep on his side next to Liane, her back to h His arm is draped over her, protectively.  There's a soun He turns.  And he sees Barbara in her nightgown, standing the doorway...
50) 2) dialog: (terrified, whispers)
50) 5) dialog: I heard them.
50) 7) dialog: In the backyard. Fast, soundlessly, he's out of bed into old moccasins and trousers...
51) 0) text: Jeffrey goes into a corner of the basement, around the co from the furnace, where his "office" is now.  Unpacked bo are on the floor.  He fumbles with the combination lock o small gun safe, lifts the lid, taking out a hand gun. Barbara followed him.
53) 0) text: Meanwhile, Barbara in the basement, starts as the water heater comes on, scaring her.  She goes up the stairs to follow after her father...
54) 2) text: You almost got your damn head blown off... The raccoon defiantly bares its teeth. Jeffrey starts to go...but he sees something and stops... Meanwhile, Barbara has come to the sliding glass door... Jeffrey sees one of the tomato trellises is crushed, step on...and in the vegetable garden's earth, are distinct, fresh, deep FOOTPRINTS...
86) 10) text: I'm going to the store.  Please explain our new "houseguests" to your children. And Wigand looks at Lowell...  Barbara comes into the liv room and holds onto her father's leg.
138) 2) dialog: He's into kind of little cars, that...
138) 4) dialog: Yeah.
138) 6) dialog: Mom.
138) 8) dialog: There's Dad, on TV.
158) 0) text: And now the walls behind MORPH into a green daytime garde the garden behind his house.  And as we DOLLY AROUND Wiga more walls MORPH into the side yard, and, turning slowly, sees Barbara and Deborah in the emerald-green grass.  The stop and smile, then they stare at us, at their father. he looks at his children, at an idyll lost...  The chair, man are the only real objects left in the view from insid his head...
182) 0) text: A small apartment.  Jeffrey dishes out second helpings of pasta primavera into two pasta plates and brings them int the kitchenette to his girls, Deborah and Barbara.  And n we SEE AND HEAR the small television on the table playing Minutes" and...