6) 9) text: Deborah?  Debbie? He looks outside.  A Woman is sitting on the back porch drinking wine, reading a paperback book, drinking wine. There's something like a Hockney painting about her again the manicured lawns.  Right now the Woman comes in.  She' pretty, tall, languid, reserved, somebody it would be nic wear on your arm.  LIANE WIGAND.  She has an odd delay between a thought and her speech...
7) 0) text: And a little girl, eight, sitting on the floor in a balle leotard, her head back, wheezing, her neck muscles contracting and bulging, her face pale, lips white, and h eyes filled with fear as rapid, shallow breathing induces sense of suffocation.  DEBORAH WIGAND is having a severe asthmatic attack...
7) 7) text: ...and the airways in your lungs are like branches.  And when the branches close up, you get an asthmatic attack.  And, we give you medicine, and you get better. Huh?  Okay?  You're better already, aren't you? And the medication's taking effect and she's calmer. Liane, hands clutched in her lap, smiles at Deborah.  Now takes Deborah's hand and exchanges a look with Jeffrey. Jeffrey's a good father, a natural caregiver. WIGAND (cont'd)
8) 0) text: Jeffrey, Liane and the two Girls silently eating dinner, Deborah in a bathrobe.
8) 1) dialog: Can I go to dance tomorrow?  I'm better...
8) 10) dialog: Maybe later.
17) 0) text: There's the sound of a phone ringing.  PULL BACK to revea Lowell outside a cafe with dry cleaning he collected over shoulder.  A LITTLE GIRL'S VOICE OVER (Deborah's) answers "Hello."
41) 0) text: They drive away.  Lowell, incongruously sitting in the ba seat with Barbara.  Jeffrey and Deborah in the front seat And it's quiet, just the sound of the wipers on the windo And as Lowell rides with them...
49) 0) text: Jeffrey with the Girls in a part of the backyard, kneelin the dirt, planting a vegetable garden, putting in some sm tomato trellises.  We see the house, now.  It's a small, story.  Deborah sees her mom and waves.  It's an image fr the 1950's post-war boom.  Liane waves back from behind t pane of glass...
69) 1) dialog: What are you cooking?
69) 3) dialog: Oh, I love that stuff. And now she hears from the basement the BELL RING on Jeffrey's computer.  It's a tiny bell, incessant...  She crosses to the basement stairs.
86) 16) dialog: Yes, I did.  I had a great day.
158) 0) text: And now the walls behind MORPH into a green daytime garde the garden behind his house.  And as we DOLLY AROUND Wiga more walls MORPH into the side yard, and, turning slowly, sees Barbara and Deborah in the emerald-green grass.  The stop and smile, then they stare at us, at their father. he looks at his children, at an idyll lost...  The chair, man are the only real objects left in the view from insid his head...
182) 0) text: A small apartment.  Jeffrey dishes out second helpings of pasta primavera into two pasta plates and brings them int the kitchenette to his girls, Deborah and Barbara.  And n we SEE AND HEAR the small television on the table playing Minutes" and...
182) 2) text: "...in my opinion, is an industry that has perpetrated the biggest fraud on the American public in history." Deborah looks proudly at her father. Wigand's gotten up and gone out of the kitchenette.  He h stopped for a moment around the corner in the hallway.  H kids can't see him.  We can.  And he watches them and his eyes get shiny and start to tear.  And as he stands there watching his girls at the kitchen table witnessing their father's hard-earned "truth" on television, we realize th of all the audiences, his girls are the one he cares abou most...