30) 5) text: Sorry.  I'm accepting an award from the Retinitis Pigmentosa Foundation.  It's going to kill the rest of my day. THOMAS SANDEFUR is absorbed in spreadsheets of regional s figures.  Dark pouches are under his eyes.  He doesn't lo up.  He doesn't look healthy.  We're in a luxurious offic with a view of Louisville.  Jeffrey is waiting in a chair Sandefur is Brown &amp; Williamson's CEO.  Two LAWYERS, t briefcases, like weapons, close at hand, sit on a couch. Their jackets are off.  They wear expensive shirts. THOMAS SANDEFUR (cont'd) (finishing; looking up at Jeffrey)
30) 41) dialog: (speaking for Sandefur)
30) 44) dialog: (a beat)
30) 50) dialog: I'm not sure he got the message...
45) 4) text: Now, you tell me.  What does this guy have to say that threatens these people? And, now, we see Lowell, Mike Wallace and Debbie DeLuca w two staff Lawyers, MARK STERN and JOHN HARRIS, sitting ar a workstation used as an improvised eating area. Beyond them are the "60 MINUTES" offices, workstations, p of material, television monitors hanging from the ceiling all tuned to CBS programming...
91) 0) text: A white, traditional, Southern house, with a veranda and gables...a large front lawn with weeping willows.  And we Lowell, hands in his pockets, not an insider or an outsid waiting alone on the expansive lawn.  The front door open A Mississippi State Trooper, putting on his round brimmed comes out and crosses the driveway.  Then Jeffrey coming with Motley.  Motley talks to him on the veranda for a mo and then heads towards his car.  Meanwhile, Jeffrey comes down over to Lowell on the lawn. And Jeffrey looks off, across the street from the house, the Gulf.  And we see the street is blockaded by Mississi State Police cars.  An armed camp.  Other men in suits, Lawyers and state officials, wait.  Ron Motley gets in hi car and drives away.
94) 0) text: One TOBACCO LAWYER, an Edward Bennett-type while waiting on his cell phone...
94) 2) text: Hold on a second... (seeing Motley enter; to Jr. Lawyer)
94) 3) text: Would you please ask Mr. Motley if he expects his witness to appear or not...? JR. LAWYER crosses to Motley.
97) 0) text: Some of the Tobacco Lawyers, their jackets off, still han across Canty Street by their cars.  And now they see the police lights turning, coming around a corner, moving tow the courthouse.  The caravan stops.  First, Scruggs gets A moment, then Jeffrey appears.  And the Reporters pounce Jeffrey, cameras flashing...Mississippi Police leading hi through the crowd...  Moore appears at courtroom door (already there).  And as he's whisked away into the courtroom.
98) 0) text: The tobacco lawyers become dead quiet.  Cell phones are h up.  Newspapers are put away.  Jackets are donned.  This now very serious business.  Motley meets Jeffrey, all eye him.
100) 0) text: Motley still conducting the inquiry...  And the tobacco lawyers, like a pack of dogs, waiting to pounce...