1) 0) text: And we're in a speeding SOVIET JEEP...  Two men in front, shouldering assault rifles.  HEZBOLLAH SOLDIERS...  And t are three MEN in the back.  A middle-aged Man wearing a t suit and tinted sunglasses trying to hold on.  And on eit side of him, two Men, blindfolded.  The man on one side i his forties, hands pressed in the pockets of a well-trave black-leather jacket...  A stocky man, with the edge of a J.D. Salinger character, he's seen everything at least on But even he has lost some of his self-confidence, here, turning his head, sensing the wind, a blast of Arabic mus that disappears behind him...  He's LOWELL BERGMAN.  On t other side of the man in the tired suit is a lanky Man wi voltmeter around his neck, NORMAN.
6) 9) text: Deborah?  Debbie? He looks outside.  A Woman is sitting on the back porch drinking wine, reading a paperback book, drinking wine. There's something like a Hockney painting about her again the manicured lawns.  Right now the Woman comes in.  She' pretty, tall, languid, reserved, somebody it would be nic wear on your arm.  LIANE WIGAND.  She has an odd delay between a thought and her speech...
37) 0) text: We see a brightly lit, golf driving range, empty, the wet grass under the lights vibrant, emerald green...  A caged cart, with one big yellow headlight, like some kind of strange insect, drives across the range, picking up golf balls.  And we see Jeffrey hitting golf balls, driving on after another, after another...  His swing is powerful, angry, a lone golfer, trying to chill out.  He pauses, sp Settling down, he exhales.  Then, he looks down the way.. And he slows...  He sees in the far distance, spot-lit, o other lone golfer, a Stocky Man, incongruously in a suit tie, watching him...  And the Man in the suit right then, with great power and a tremendous follow through drives a golf ball...  The ball slamming into the steel net.  And lights SUDDENLY go out.  The range closing for the night. The "insect" comes to a stop.  And it's quiet, dark.  Jef gathers up his clubs.  He crosses, his golf shoes, the me cleats, clicking on the pavement, toward the PARKING LOT. And there's the sound of the clicking of golf shoes behin him.  He turns.  And the stocky Man in the suit, carrying golf bag walking some distance behind him, staring at him Jeffrey comes to the parking lot.  It's empty.  Just Jeffrey's car, and despite all the empty spaces, another purposely or otherwise, parked right next to his.  He cro to his car, getting in...
38) 0) text: He drops the three clubs in the rear seat and settles beh the wheel.  He turns.  And he sees the Man in the suit ha gotten in the car next to his.  They look at each other. Man, in no hurry, lights a cigarette, relaxes.  It's malevolent as hell.  And Jeffrey, suddenly, grabbing a go club, jumps out of his car...
39) 2) text: Stay away from me!  You stay away from me! The Man starts his car, and drives off nonplussed.  It's still.  And as Jeffrey with the golf club stands in the e parking lot, not knowing what's threatening him, somethin real, something imaginary...
90) 1) dialog: (friendly)
90) 2) text: Jeff...? Jeffrey turns and the Man throws a sheaf of SUBPOENAS at chest...
90) 3) dialog: (nasty)
130) 14) text: Oh, it's real selective...about as hard to get a hold of as the Manhattan phone book.
145) 2) text: "The management of CBS has told us that knowing he had that agreement..." And the look on his face says:  HE DOES NOT LIKE THIS.
154) 0) text: And we see the Hotel Manager, walking along with a Securi Guard, and now KNOCKING on Jeffrey's door... And when there is no response, the Manager nods to the Security Guard, the Guard using a pass key, unlocking the door.  But the door stops, the chain-lock drawn.  The Man looks in through the chain...and he can see Jeffrey sitti in the chair...
183) 0) text: And Lowell in his moment of victory is watching his "60 Minutes" double segment on a departure lounge television his feet resting on his suitcase, next to a Chicano woman with two kids and her mother and an older man with a bear and cane.  An airport cleaner stops to watch, too.  Lowel glances at him... Unbeknownst to these viewers, arrested by the content on television screen, is that the man who made it sits casua among them, watching his work.