5) 347) text: out of thé tub, hung-over as hell, and ilet. He pees for a while, lighting a He flushes the toilet, but nothing anny walks into the kitchen, takes a huge puff from his oint, then presses a few buttons on wall-mounted remote. MUSIC UP: IT WAS A GOOD DAY by ICE CUBE Danny bops his head to the music as he grabs a cup and goes to’ the faucet to fill it. The water SPUTTERS and stops, nothing coming out. Danny sees a bunch of WATER BOTTLES on the counter.
5) 349) text: He chugs back one, then another, then another. Then he puts his head over the sink and dumps two more bottles over his head. Danny flips on a stove and starts making a huge breakfast. A heaping pile of eggs, bacon, toast. He drop: a few eggs on the ground, so he just grabs some more.
5) 363) text: Danny makes a smoothie, using every bit of fresh frui He notices one of the bananas is slightly bruised. He rest and chugs it directly from the’ spout. INT. FRANCO‘S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM — CONTINUGU: Seth, Jay, Jonah and Craig are all stir; stereo. Franco comes out of his bedroom
5) 372) dialog: oh I think the Green Goblin can this’ bacon!
5) 374) dialog: Rescued? What's up with you guys? You all drop acid or something? Cause if you did, I’m so in. I don’t have shit to do today.
5) 376) dialog: I know that lunatic Michael Cera challenged me to an old fashioned coke- off, which, admittedly, he won, and then I woke I up in the nicest fucking bathtub I've ever seen. (takes a bite of food) Why? What did I miss?
5) 391) dialog: Jesus. From the looks o the least of your probl motherfuckers went nut:
5) 398) dialog: 
5) 399) dialog: Come on, guys, what the fuck? I’m not a gullible fuckin’ idiot. Stop messin’ with me. Why the hell did you nail all this shit to the walls? This is a stupid prank and I’m not even buying it. I appreciate the effort, and if I wasn't hungover as shit, I'd find it hilarious, but I am, so I don’t. Now just end this madness, sit down with me and eat this fucking feast! 36. Suddenly, there’s a BANGING at the door. All the guys, except Danny jump. We push in on the door as the banging gets louder. All the guys are horrified. Danny casually eats.
5) 410) dialog: (amused) Yeah! Why not?!
5) 436) dialog: AAAHH!!! This is real! This is a real head!!! Oh sweet god!!! Danny kicks the head away; it rolls towards Jonah.
5) 442) dialog: uys! Seriously! What the FUCK is going on here?!?1?!
5) 503) text: - Jay gathers cleaning supplies. - Danny stares in disbelief at the drape with the severed head underneath it. Jay walks up, startling Danny.
5) 504) dialog: 
5) 518) dialog: This morning?
5) 520) dialog: (remembering) Oh... yeah! Totally. |
5) 551) dialog: That is such elitist bullshit. Whoever wants the Milkyway, take it! We’re not in fuckin’ China. 43.
5) 553) dialog: That’s not my fault! I didn’t know! Maybe, when half our fucking friends died, you guys should have woken me up instead of forgetting about me!
5) 607) dialog: Come on, guys. It’s really important that we all stay hydrated. All the guys grab beers.
6) 18) dialog: Don’t you just eat them raw?
7) 7) dialog: Ya‘ll are fucking idiots. It’s the new {| world order. I’m talking Illuminati. talking some Tom Hanks, Da Vinci Co shit. That’s why the one dollar bil. got a pyramid with an eyeball on « looking at us, planning this shit has been. Always will be.
7) 112) dialog: Twenty six, twenty seven. I don’t know. I'm not in high school. I don’t count beers.
8) 1) dialog: That poor son of a bitch. He’s like a big dumb worm on the end of a line.
8) 3) dialog: Oh, I’m positive. I’m positive he’s come back without a fuckin’ head.® EXT. FRANCO'S HOUSE - BACKYARD -— Craig slowly moves along the’ side something and looks out into thi POV SHOT of something looking smoke. It BREATHES heavily. Then, slowl Jay DIVES for the bundle, and misses. The last bit of rope gets pulled out the door.
9) 45) text: n dismay'as Seth, Jay (whose leg is Jonah, Craig and Danny use a hammer, a aseball bat, and a knife to dig a hole in ey are dehydrated, exhausted and doing 4
9) 113) dialog: I did it. I jizzed all over your Magazine.
9) 115) dialog: Because I was jacking off. And after I jack off long enough, I jizz. How does it work when you do it? FRANCO ; Why didn’t you just aim somewhere els
9) 116) dialog: Aim? Who am I? The Queen of Englan: don’t aim! I just blast doesn’t go in my eyes or
9) 121) text: anny throws down his coat rack, DANNY (CONT’D) I’m not digging anymore. I’m too thirsty. But I can’t quench my thirst ainless I keep digging. It’s a sick fucking irony! And I can’t take it!
9) 124) text: e Nios he Danny starts to walk away.
9) 126) dialog: I can't hear you! I’ve already walked away too much! 6l. Danny exits. Seth sighs, then keeps digging. Jay walks in and sees Seth digging. He thinks for a moment, then looks at his Bible.
9) 212) dialog: g another glass of water to wash dry-ass roll.
9) 215) dialog: Look, I’m not a cactus, or a goddamn humpbacked camel, or some other stupid animal that doesn’t need water. I’ma thirsty fuckin’ human being!
9) 217) dialog: But it’s bullshit, I mean, Jay must weigh a hundred and fifty pounds less than me, so why should our rations be equal?
9) 236) dialog: That’s not fair! That’s equal. Fair and equal are not the same.
9) 238) dialog: No! What doesn’t make an’ I’m being under-hydrated; skinny little fucker- (points to Jay) -gets the same amount It's ri-goddamn We should be gi
9) 240) dialog: Oh? Really? Is that so, Jay? I can’t have more? Well, what do you call this? Danny picks up one of the GIANT JUGS of water and pours »’ it into his open mouth, dumping the ENTIRE THING over himself. The other guys FREAK OUT!
9) 243) text: What have you done?! The guys get up and try to WRESTLE the jug away from Danny. They all SLIP in the water on the ground, and FALL, LANDING on the other water bottle. The CAP pops off, causing ALL their water to start spilling out.
9) 270) text: Franco points into the next room. Danny is asleep in a chair, naked, crumbs covering his belly, and an empty bag of Chips Ahoy cookies in his lap. FRANCO (CONT’D) I think he actually gained weight since we've been in here. Seth. Come on. Let's kick his ass out.
9) 286) dialog: Yeah? So what? Franco is enraged. Jay motions for him to be calm. 68.
9) 300) dialog: (clearly hurt) You’re kicking me out of the house?
9) 304) text: I don’t want to se with you stupid The guys all look at é other, then back at Danny. Franco and Jonah start taking boards off the front door.
9) 313) text: DANNY (CONT’D) eally fucking doing this?
9) 315) dialog: Well, I can’t do that Jay. Because I can lie to you assholes all day. But I can’t lie to myself. I’m out! Danny gets up and walks over to the door.
9) 316) dialog: Wait... what if I run into a regiment of mutant Chinese soldiers? You guys just gonna send me out there defenseless. Craig hands Danny a baseball bat. 69.
9) 317) dialog: That’s it? A baseball bat against ten billion Chinese mutants? Come on guys. Considering how badly you're fucking me, I'm being pretty gracious about this whole thing. Don’t just give me a god damn death sentence. I gotta be able to defend myself out there. Seriously.
9) 326) text: The guys look to each other and nod. Franco pulls LUGER and hands it to Danny.
9) 327) dialog: Thank you... you STUPID MOTHERFUCKE! He points the gun at the guys and squeezes t!] over and over again. BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! recoil and scream, thinking they're on’t turn this around on us. You to kill us!
9) 328) dialog: Whatever! There’s no civilization left, there's no need for this false bullshit. You guys are so damn high and mighty, like you've never done nothin' wrong. I admit, Craig, you're pretty cool, but the rest of you are full-on cock suckers. Franco, you're a pretentious piece of shit, Jonah, you're a desperate little asshole who’s only got mean things to say, and then you got Seth just bossin’ everyone around, actin’ like he’s so fuckin’ smart, when he’s not. And, of course, Jay, the lying fucking coward.
9) 330) dialog: Yes you are! You wanna go there? Cause I'm already there. Riddle me this; when’s the last time you were in LA, Jay?
9) 333) dialog: Nope! Seth is confused. Jay looks worried
9) 334) dialog: I saw this pinner ass f the fuckin’ Four Season, furthermore, he made a e you. It’s actually kind assholes deserve each Jay looks
9) 335) dialog: ys look at me like I’m some imal? Well, news flash, this e’re all a bunch of fucking We eat, we shit, we hopefully fuck a bunch, and then we die. So don’t \Blame me if you fuckers can’t handle that. Because I can.
9) 337) dialog: f I truly wish things had ended on a better note... (MORE)
9) 359) dialog: like with me shooting all of you and living in this house forever, but... it didn’t, so...see ya’1l in hell! Danny walks out. Seth looks at Jay, hurt and angry.
9) 386) text: get Jay out of this house. I I mean, Danny was a good start, the real problem, He whines and out everything, and he’s always k to me, ever since I first nging out with Seth. He’s a pocrite, a smart ass, and I hate him th all my heart. I’m begging you, please, get him out of this fucking house. (beat) Thanks.
16) 357) dialog: 
16) 359) dialog: really good to see you dudes I mean, it just couldn’t be uu know why? Because me and my friends Here haven’t eaten in days, and you motherfuckers look deee-licious.
16) 365) dialog: I’m gonna eat you. Well, we're gonna eat you. Because unlike you assholes... me and my friends share.
16) 386) dialog: Sure I can! I can eat whoever the fuck I want. See, that’s the beauty of the new life philosophy I adopted after I was exiled from my homeland. I don’t give a fuck about anything anymore. I eat people, I butt-fuck this dude right here. (Danny YANKS on the leash) I do what I want when I want to whom I want for as long as I want. I'm the king of these crazy bastards. You see, I've seen things out here you wouldn't believe! I been running away from fu demons; I been almost falling in bottomless pits. That’s when I reg specifically, a person eat pezgon world, and as long as the shit Hag oh athe fan in the truly epic way it be the guy eating mothe: guy getting eaten by you, my old friends,
16) 415) text: Seth and Jay scramble away as Franco attacks Danny’s men. When they reach the alley, Seth and Jay stop and look back at Franco, who has lost his weapon and is cornered by the cannibals. As they are about to pounce on him, Franco outstretches his arms and looks up to the heavens.
16) 435) dialog: Well, well, Franco. Loo you and me. I gotta admi I always hated you, I, were the tastiest lo
16) 436) text: Up the alley, J: ake one last look back and see Danny cho co's buttocks. They look away in disgust and