51) 9) text: Sam and the cabbie work their way east on Canal Street, stopping at every diner but finding no green-eyed Athena. It's getting darker and darker and time is running out. The wind picks up and rain starts to fall.
54) 0) text: A cramped stage in front of several rows of seats. ATHENA (the green-eyed woman from the DRIVER'S POV sequences and LIFE MONTAGE) and DEVON, a young man with bleached hair, stand on stage, rehearsing. Sam enters through a door in back.
54) 1) dialog: What have you, my good friends deserved at the hands of Fortune that she sends you to prison hither?
54) 3) dialog: Denmark's a prison.
54) 5) dialog: A goodly one; in which there are many confines, wards, and dungeons Denmark being one o'th'worst.
54) 7) dialog: Why, then 'tis none to you. For there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so. To me it is a prison. 72.
54) 9) dialog: Denmark's a prison. We already had this conversation.
54) 11) dialog: (prompting) Why, then your ambition--
54) 13) dialog: O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams. (normal speaking voice) That's my favorite line in the whole play.
54) 15) dialog: Thanks for reading with me. You're a good Rosencrantz.
54) 18) dialog: That's a bit narrow-minded of you, isn't it? This is the lesbian Hamlet. All the parts are played by women. 73.
54) 20) dialog: I'm joking. I'm Ophelia. I just get so sick of playing her. Lovely, lost Ophelia. Things get tough and she jumps in the drink. Hamlet hogs all the good lines.
54) 22) dialog: We've met before, haven't we?
54) 25) dialog: Athena. Are you joining the class? It's good. Kenny's a bit of a dictator, but you get used to him. Athena pulls on her sweater.
54) 27) dialog: That's flattering. Please tell me you're a casting director.
54) 29) dialog: This is an unusual way of getting a date. What's his name?
54) 31) dialog: (shaking her head) Never heard of him.
54) 33) dialog: Henry. Is he very pale? Very thin and very pale? His arms are scarred?
54) 35) dialog: He always ate pecan pie with his coffee. I remember that. But we never spoke outside the diner. Except...
54) 37) dialog: I feel stupid saying this stuff to a psychiatrist. You'll think I'm insane. But I had the strangest feeling about him. I mean, he's this ragged-looking guy, probably hasn't bathed in months, but something about him... I'd seen him before, somewhere. I'd known him. What's wrong with him? Sam hesitates for a moment. This is privileged informatio after all, which he is loathe to disclose. But there's no time left for playing by the rules.
54) 39) dialog: Why?
54) 41) dialog: I wish there was something I could do. Actually... this probably won't help, but I did run into him one night at A. Smith's.
54) 43) dialog: The art bookstore. He was sitting in the back, reading. I don't know, maybe he hangs out there. It's nearby. Come on, I'll show you. She leads Sam out the side door
55) 1) dialog: I know, it's gross. Sam steps in a puddle and looks down.
55) 8) dialog: Why, then 'tis none to you.
56) 0) text: Sam frowns and leans into the studio. He cannot believe w he sees. On stage, Athena and Devon are performing the same duolog as last time.
56) 1) dialog: For there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so. To me it is a prison. 77.
56) 3) dialog: Denmark's a prison. We already had this conversation. Sam legs go weak. He shakes his head back and forth.
56) 6) dialog: (prompting) Why, then your ambition--
56) 8) dialog: O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams. Sam bolts, letting the side door close behind him. Neithe Athena nor Devon seem to notice.
56) 9) dialog: That's my favorite line in the whole play.
57) 1) text: We're cruising across the Brooklyn Bridge. The driver's h (a man's hands) are on the steering wheel. We turn to the right and see Athena sleeping in the passe seat. The driver's eyes (and the CAMERA) return to the ro Suddenly, and with no warning, everything changes. 78. The car shakes and lurches to the right. We see the hands the wheel desperately trying to control the car, but it's impossible. Through the windshield we see the road spinning away from and then the steel guardrail coming at us far too fast.
76) 24) dialog: (in shock) He's okay, right? He's going to be okay? Sam leans closer to the injured man, so that his face is hovering right above Henry's. Henry's eyes are open. He appears able to see, but he's losing a tremendous amount of blood. It puddles below him the asphalt, deep red in the bridge's incandescent lights
76) 29) dialog: (to Henry) Stop bleeding, baby. Okay? You've got to stop bleeding now. Sam pinches Henry's nostrils and blows into his mouth to sure the airways are clear.
76) 31) dialog: His mom and dad? Are they okay?
76) 37) dialog: Henry.
76) 40) dialog: It's not hail, baby. 102.
76) 44) dialog: "Forgive me."
76) 46) dialog: You hear that, baby? It wasn't anybody's fault. CLOSE ON HENRY'S EYES. Again, it appears that he understa the message. The words have a calming effect; his face is longer contorted.
76) 51) dialog: Henry, come on. Come on. I need you, baby, come on.
76) 53) dialog: Stay, Henry, stay. Stay. Stay. Stay.
76) 55) dialog: Stay. Stay. The screen is black for ten seconds. And we think it's go to stay black, except now we notices pin-pricks of light piercing the darkness. The stars are back in the sky, but these are the usual pa New York stars, not the hallucinatory fires that scarred air with their fall. 104. PAN DOWN to the bridge. Two ambulances have arrived, as well as several police ca The PARAMEDICS (not the same ones we've seen before) load three dead bodies onto stretchers, while the POLICE OFFIC mark the scene and begin questioning people in the crowd. A female OFFICER sits with a stunned Athena on the trunk squad car. Meanwhile, a TOW TRUCK OPERATOR begins attaching the hook and chains to the ruined Mustang. One lane of westbound traffic has already resumed moving. The people in the passing cars stare out their windows at carnage. Sam and Lila, grim-faced and exhausted from their ordeal, stand beside one of the ambulances.