10) 1) dialog: Come on, Daisy. We've got your television turned on and everything. Take it easy.
10) 5) dialog: Nobody's calling you a Nazi, Daisy. Come on, now. Sam hurries down the corridor toward the disturbance. Dai falls to the floor and the paramedics, unable to force he into the room, try to hold her still as she thrashes in t arms. Dr. Schlegel has prepared a hypodermic and now crouches waiting for an opportunity to stick Daisy. 18.
10) 8) dialog: I know it, Daisy, I know it.
10) 10) dialog: Believe it or not, sweetheart, it's for your own good. The paramedics hold her tight and Schlegel sticks the nee in Daisy's arm. DR. SCHLEGEL (CONTвЂ™D) If you'd remember to take your pills, we wouldn't have to go through this every month.
10) 12) dialog: You are.
10) 14) dialog: Hey, Sam. The glamorous world of psychiatry, huh? They shake hands and Schlegel leads Sam back toward the Mobile Crisis Unit office.
10) 15) dialog: So what brings you to Club Meds?
10) 18) dialog: Jesus, tell him to take a number Well, the rules are pretty straightforward. If he says he's gonna hurt himself or someone else, we can take him in. But we can only hold him here for forty-eight hours.
10) 20) dialog: Hold his hand, feed him some pills. (beat) If we catch him in the actual attempt, that's different. He's broken the law. But just based on a threat? Without a court order, we can't keep him for long.
10) 22) dialog: What, he's got an appointment to off himself?
10) 24) dialog: So maybe we should pick him up Friday, hold him through the weekend. (shaking his head) AS you just saw, it's not a real fun process. If there's any way to avoid it, avoid it. What do you have him on?
24) 0) text: Sam and a CUSTODIAN stand by the entrance. A specially-ma Mobile Crisis Unit ambulance pulls up. Dr. Schlegel steps out, followed by the two burly paramedics from before.
24) 2) dialog: Let's do it. All four men enter the building.
26) 2) dialog: Trouble. Dr. Schlegel hands a small box to Sam.
26) 4) text: The number 1 is flashing in the LED display. Sam looks at Dr. Schlegel, who nods. Sam pushes the play button. For a moment there is nothing but static. In the backgrou we hear a murmur of voices and distant sirens. After a fe seconds of this a female voice:
27) 0) text: Sam and Dr. Schlegel stand alone on the steps while the paramedics stand in front of the ambulance, smoking cigarettes and watching the COLLEGE GIRLS stroll by.
27) 2) dialog: Not much we can do at this point. We don't have the manpower for a stakeout or anything like that. I'll notify the police but they won't do anything.
27) 4) dialog: Because they're New York City cops, that's why not. They've got more important things to do than look for depressed college students.
27) 6) dialog: Okay. If you spot him, give me a call and we'll pick him up for you. But do me a favor, Sam?
27) 8) dialog: Be careful. A guy this far gone's got nothing to lose.