0) 0) text: A wrecked Ford Mustang burns in the middle of the empty bridge. Empty. No other cars, no people in sight.. There is a gaping hole in the windshield on the driver's side. Flames consume the backseat. Smoke spills out the windows. The radio still plays, however: The Band's "I Sh be Released." One of the Mustang's front tires has blown out. Scraps of black rubber litter the accident scene. As the camera pulls in, we see HENRY LETHAM, twenty, sitt in front of the ruined car. His eyes are closed. He looks sick-- pale, skinny, disheveled-- but he has a presence, a magnetism that compels you to look at him. Finally Henry opens his eyes. After a moment he stands an walks away from the burning car, never turning around, heading for the illuminated towers of Manhattan. Somewhere nearby a BABY is HOWLING, though no one is in sight.
4) 0) text: Henry, wearing paint-spattered army pants and a black lon sleeve tee-shirt, stands at the window of the bookshelf-l office, looking out at the sky. He stares at Sam when Sam enters the room. Sam smiles and nods.
4) 2) dialog: Where's Dr. Levy?
4) 4) dialog: So you're the substitute shrink? Sam smiles.
4) 6) dialog: Is she your girlfriend?
4) 8) dialog: Oh, really? May I read your file?
4) 10) dialog: How about we don't play stupid games. Sam smiles and leans back in his chair. Far from being deterred by Henry's attitude, he's intrigued. He likes challenges.
4) 12) dialog: You read the file. You ought to know.
4) 14) dialog: I don't know.
4) 18) dialog: I opened my eyes and I was sitting in the car and it was on fire. Henry is quiet for a moment, remembering.
4) 20) dialog: No. I'm not a pyromaniac or anything. It's not like I burned flies when I was a kid. (beat) Maybe a couple times I did. Is that bad?
4) 22) dialog: I remember them trying to crawl when they were on fire. Henry is silent for a moment. He coils the string so tigh around his finger that the tip of his finger turns bright red.
4) 23) dialog: Maybe Hell is the place where all the bad things you've done come back to get you. Another pause. Sam points at Henry's finger.
4) 25) dialog: I never meant to hurt anyone.
4) 27) dialog: I'm not talking about the flies.
4) 28) text: What are you talking about? Abruptly, Henry stands, knocking over his chair in the process. He bends down to pick it up.
4) 29) dialog: Sorry. I better go.
4) 31) dialog: No, no, I better-- Henry looks out the window.
4) 32) dialog: We'll have hail this afternoon. Sam watches him leave and then stares out the window. The is bright blue.
7) 0) text: Henry opens his eyes. He sits in a car that shudders and rattles its way through the underground. On his lap is a on the artist Tristan RГ©veur. He pulls a cigarette from a pack and lights it. Next to Henry sleeps a long-haired TEENAGE BOY wearing a Walkman: from the headphones we hear "I Shall be Released Various subway riders glare at Henry and wave away the sm obviously annoyed that he's polluting their airspace. A YOUNG WOMAN who wears her blonde hair in dreadlocks sit across the car, watching Henry.
7) 3) dialog: What?
7) 8) dialog: Capeesh? Are you in the Mafia? The businessman leans closer, until his face is inches fr Henry's.
7) 11) dialog: I am. When the train pulls into the next station, the businessm and the Columbia caucastafarian hastily depart.
9) 0) text: Wednesday Sam sits behind Beth's desk and Henry sits facing him.
9) 3) dialog: I can't listen to the weatherman anymore. I don't understand a word he says. 13.
9) 5) dialog: Do you?
9) 7) dialog: I don't know what's real anymore.
9) 9) dialog: The voices never stop.
9) 11) dialog: In my head. They never stop.
9) 13) dialog: I don't want to fit into your grid. I don't want you saying, "Okay, paranoid schizophrenic. Two hundred milligrams of Risperdol should do the trick."
9) 16) text: SAM(cont 'd) I don't make grids. I want to know the particulars about Henry Letham. You hear voices. All right, that's important information. What are the voices saying? Henry shakes his head and looks out the window.
9) 18) dialog: Writing what down?
9) 20) dialog: What?
9) 25) dialog: You come inside my head, Doctor, and show me how to tell the difference.
9) 28) dialog: Yes.
9) 30) dialog: I don't know.
9) 32) dialog: It's a woman. I know her, but I don't know who she is.
9) 35) dialog: I burned myself. Sam looks closer. He notices the old burn scars that constellate Henry's forearms.
9) 37) dialog: Cigarettes, I guess.
9) 39) dialog: Because I keep burning myself. Sam nods and studies Henry for a moment. He releases Henr arm and sits on the edge of the desk
9) 41) dialog: I guess it's practice.
9) 43) dialog: For Hell. Sam takes a deep breath and exhales.
9) 46) dialog: Because of what I did.
9) 49) dialog: I know you're trying to help me, Doctor. And thank you. But it's too late. 17.
9) 51) dialog: Saturday at midnight I'm going to kill myself. He rubs his arms and smiles.
9) 52) dialog: I need to get ready. He walks out, leaving a stunned Sam alone in the room.
13) 0) text: Thursday Sam sits behind the desk and Henry sits facing him. Sam h a typed contract.
13) 2) text: SAM(cont 'd) It says you won't do anything to hurt yourself without contacting me first. And here's my card. It has my home phone and cell phone, so you can call me whenever you want. Henry leans forward and takes the contract and business c from Sam. He reads the contract quickly, signs his name, hands it back to Sam. He pockets the card.
13) 3) dialog: Saturday at midnight I die. Consider yourself contacted. Sam, bewildered, looks at the contract for a moment and t sets it aside.
13) 5) dialog: It's my twenty-first birthday.
13) 7) dialog: Have you heard of Tristan RГ©veur? He was one of the Dada artists. When he was eighteen he told everyone he would live three more years and then go to New York and kill himself. And that's exactly what he did. He came to New York for his twenty-first birthday, saw the sights, and shot himself in the head. Both of them are silent for a while.
13) 9) dialog: They don't care.
13) 11) dialog: It's pretty obvious.
13) 13) dialog: No. They're over in Mahlus Gardens.
13) 15) dialog: It's a cemetery in New Jersey. I thought you read my file.
13) 17) dialog: It's a little out of date, then. Henry stands, walks over to the office window and looks o across the campus.
13) 20) dialog: What do you mean, closest to?
13) 22) dialog: I am in trouble. Henry does not say this in a self-pitying way. He is simp stating a fact.
13) 24) dialog: Then you've got your answer. Sam does not understand.
13) 25) dialog: I came to you, Doctor. I guess that means I'm closest to you.
13) 27) dialog: There was a girl.
13) 29) dialog: I barely even talked to her. She was my waitress at this diner I used to go to. On Canal Street. (beat) She'd keep filling my coffee cup. She'd say, "Is everything okay?" I mean, I know waitresses are always asking that, but... this is stupid.
13) 31) dialog: Athena.
13) 33) dialog: No, it's not. She was in my life for a few minutes and now she's gone.
13) 35) dialog: There is no somewhere else. If you're not in my life, you don't exist.
13) 37) dialog: I'm always watching.
15) 1) text: Henry enters the Zoo beneath the Delacorte Clock, the bro animals playing their instruments, marking the hour. Henry watches a lone silverback GORILLA who sits on a lar rock, staring back at Henry. Henry sits on a park bench, watching an OLD MAN throw bre crumbs to a horde of squawking pigeons. Henry sits in the last row of the bleachers overlooking t seal pool. The front rows are filled with screaming CHILD On an island in the middle of the pool, TRAINERS toss fis the SEALS as rewards for various tricks: clapping their flippers, jumping through hoops, kissing each other balancing balls on their noses.
16) 0) text: We see a blurred Henry through the window of a polar bear tank. The BEAR is swimming laps, never pausing. 27. It's an oddly graceful animal, bulky but elegant, flippin each end of the pool to kick off the wall (one wall being window that Henry stands behind).
17) 0) text: Henry seems mesmerized by the bear's endless swim. A well dressed ENGLISHMAN and ENGLISHWOMAN approach and watch th bear perform its laps.
17) 2) dialog: I think he's trying to forget where he is. The Englishman nods and they all watch the bear in silenc for a moment.
19) 0) text: Somewhere nearby a BABY is howling. Henry looks around bu there is no baby in sight.
19) 2) dialog: It's hard to forget where you are, isn't it?
21) 0) text: Friday Henry sits on the sidewalk outside the cafe, playing cat' cradle with a string. He's good, creating intricate patte and undoing them. Sam walks up to him.
21) 2) dialog: I skipped glee club today.
21) 4) dialog: Yes, sir. Sam leads Henry inside.
22) 0) text: A small, dark cafe where STUDENTS and PROFESSORS drink co and eat homemade pastries. Bad art lines the walls. 31. Henry and Sam find seats in a corner of the room, far awa from everyone else. The song playing on the radio ends; the new song is "I Sh be Released." Henry sits up straight when he hears the song. He stares the nearest stereo speaker as if trying to figure somethi out.
22) 1) dialog: I can't escape this song. (looking at Sam) Why did you want to meet here?
22) 3) dialog: (shocked) You what?
22) 5) dialog: I never had a shrink tell me something like that.
22) 7) dialog: (looking at the art) Tristan RГ©veur used to say that bad art is more tragically beautiful than good art, because bad art documents human failure. 32.
22) 10) dialog: You take all this so seriously.
22) 12) dialog: I'm not talking about Saturday. I am going to die on Saturday. I just mean your role. The psychiatrist. You play it well. Sam considers this for a moment.
22) 15) dialog: I don't want to keep hurting people.
22) 17) dialog: I don't know. Henry is becoming more and more distraught. He stares at floor, picks at his fingernails. But Sam won't let it res he knows he's on to something important.
22) 19) dialog: I don't know. Maybe.
22) 22) dialog: I don't remember.
22) 24) dialog: If I can't escape from the truth we're all in serious trouble, Dr. Foster.
23) 27) dialog: (to Leon, in a dazed whisper ) What are you doing here? Leon is confused, unsure whether he's being spoken to or He withdraws his extended hand.
23) 29) dialog: You're dead. Leon is puzzled for a moment but smiles.
23) 32) dialog: You're playing games with me.
23) 34) dialog: (furious) Why did you bring him here? Are you torturing me?
23) 36) dialog: What are you doing to me? 38.
23) 38) dialog: That's my father, goddamn you. Sam stares at Henry for a moment and then sits.
23) 40) dialog: I know my father.
23) 42) dialog: You think I wouldn't recognize my own father?
23) 44) dialog: He is dead. He died and they buried him and that was him sitting here.
23) 46) dialog: Everything you believe is a lie.
23) 48) dialog: Your troubles will cease and fortune will smile upon you. Sam stares at the student, perplexed. 39.
29) 0) text: Henry sits, head bowed, eyes closed, in a forward pew of enormous cathedral. An enthusiastic blonde TOUR GUIDE is leading a group of Midwestern TOURISTS up the nave, point out the sights.
29) 2) text: The roof of the cathedral is so high, and the lighting so poor, that it's impossible to see the ceiling. From somewhere inside the building a BABY'S howl echoes. Henry looks around, wondering where the sound is coming f He gets up and begins to follow the noise. Everywhere he goes statues of the saints stare down at hi unsmiling. No matter where he stands, the baby's howl seems just as away. He walks up the nave, toward the entrance. The cathedral is very dark, the nave very long. His foots echo off the stone walls. Finally he reaches daylight and exits.
30) 0) text: Henry examines the hallucinogenic peace fountain on the cathedral's grounds. Saint Michael, winged and victorious sword-wielding, has just decapitated Satan, whose headles body is plunging into the abyss. Henry walks over to the fenced-off garden behind the Peac Fountain. The one PEACOCK in Manhattan lives in this gard Henry, behind the fence, watches it strutting about, fann its gorgeous array of feathers.
31) 0) text: Sam sits at the kitchen table. The documents, from Henry' folder are spread out before him: transcripts, applicatio materials, etc. 43. Sam studies a passport photograph of Henry for a moment t continues to sift through the material while Lila, sittin the opposite side of the table, eats take-out Chinese foo
32) 0) text: Sam stands outside an apartment door, holding the Henry Letham folder. He rings the doorbell. No answer. He rings again. He bangs on the door. No answer.
34) 0) text: Sam has managed to get Beth into bed. She sleeps now whil Sam sits at the foot of the bed, looking through papers f Henry's folder. He dials a number on his CELL PHONE.
37) 0) text: Sam checks the address on the form in Henry's folder. He looks up, sees 9625 on the mailbox. He parks the car.
41) 0) text: Henry walks down one of the few blocks near Times Square still looks like the old Times Square: erotic bookshops, shows, adult theaters. 57. Everyone else on the street is dressed for the cold night but Henry still wears the same T-shirt he's had on all da He doesn't seem to notice the cold. He looks up at the marquee of a porn movie theater. INT.
41) 2) dialog: We watch Henry's face bathe in the flickering light from screen. Henry looks weary. His hair lies flat and wet across his scalp. Now, below the synthesized music and the grunting hear a low and distant thump. The thump slowly gets louder-- it's a heartbeat. Louder a louder until all other sound is masked. Finally we see the screen. A FETUS curled up within its mother's womb, silently swimming in the amniotic fluid. We pull back to see the other viewers in the theater. Man them are asleep, street people who went inside to escape cold. Those still awake stare at the screen as if nothing stran were happening. A grizzled old VETERAN in an army jacket. TEENS from the suburbs, wearing their varsity jackets. An OBESE MAN, peering through coke-bottle lenses. And we go back to Henry, who sits silently watching the screen. Back on screen, a montage of a life in the form of brief clips from what could have been home movies. A hospital nurse presents the baby boy to his mother. The rattles the bars of his crib. The boy takes his first ste
41) 3) dialog: (under his breath) Stop. In each new image the boy is slightly older. Sledding dow snowy hill. Blowing out candles on a cake. Henry turns to look at the projector, lighting the screen with its story. 58.
41) 4) dialog: Please stop it. On screen: the boy raising his hand in class. Down by the shore, throwing a tennis ball for Olive (the mastiff look exactly like she did when we first saw her). Kissing a gi for the first time (judging from his closed eyes and hesi pucker). Reading a novel. Stealing second base. Drinking whiskey with his friends. Henry, tormented by what he sees on screen, keeps looking back at the projector's white light.
41) 5) dialog: Stop! Stop! Turn it off! On screen: the boy smoking a cigarette (and now, if we haven't before, we recognize that it's a younger Henry on screen). Arriving for his first day of freshman year at Columbia. Shooting pool with friends in a smoky bar. Sitt in the bleachers cheering for the New York Yankees.
41) 6) dialog: (beginning to sob) Stop! Stop! Walking down Broadway with the GREEN-EYED WOMAN, whom we recognize from the driver's POV sequences. Driving across the Brooklyn Bridge with the green-eyed wo and two passengers in back whose faces we can't make out.
41) 7) dialog: (sobbing; barely able to speak) Stop... stop... A terrible noise fills the theater-- steel colliding with steel at high speed. The screen goes black. Henry bolts up from his seat and runs from the theater. After a few seconds, two words appear on the bottom of th screen, a subtitle. FORGIVE ME. The subtitle does not fade away. The men in the theater s at the screen. Nobody says a word. 59.
46) 0) text: Sam pushes the elevator button and waits. The door slides open. Henry stands there. He slept on the street and it shows. stumbles backward.
46) 6) dialog: Olive's dead, too. We put her to sleep when I was twelve. She had a tumor in her liver.
46) 8) dialog: She was a good girl. She used to kill the rabbits. Sam grabs Henry and presses him against the wall of the elevator.
46) 10) dialog: (with mock surprise) Doctor Foster!
46) 12) dialog: I make it up. The door opens onto the seventh-floor. A MUSLIM WOMAN in veil looks into the elevator. Sam releases Henry. The wom decides not to get in. Everyone is silent until the doors slide shut again.
46) 15) dialog: Because you're the only one who can help me. Henry looks down at the cigarette burns marking his forea
46) 16) dialog: You want to know why I keep burning my, arms?
46) 18) dialog: I want to see if I'll feel any pain.
46) 20) dialog: Nothing. Sam looks up at the floor indicator lights. Henry looks u well. 3...2...1.
47) 1) dialog: I showed you my scars. Now let's see yours. Sam frowns and touches the bandage on his neck but Henry shakes his head.
47) 2) dialog: No, your old scars. Sam is silent.
47) 3) dialog: Come on, don't be shy.
47) 7) dialog: The sweater you always wear 66.
47) 9) dialog: "It's cold outside, Sam." Sam stares at Henry.
47) 11) dialog: Maybe I told her the story.
47) 13) dialog: You're leaving something out aren't you? You never told me why.
47) 16) dialog: What if it is? Sam shrugs again.
47) 18) dialog: Why not? Why live if everything you believe turns out to be a lie? 67.
47) 20) dialog: No. You don't. He starts to leave but Sam grabs him by the arm.
47) 22) dialog: Get your hands off me.
47) 24) dialog: I think you can.
47) 26) dialog: You want to know what happened to my parents? I killed them. I killed my mother, I killed my father. (beat) I'm going to Hell.
47) 28) dialog: But I do, Dr. Foster. I think we're already there. Henry walks out the building's front door. 68. Sam takes a deep breath. He stares at his reflection in t mirrored wall. After another moment he steels himself and walks out the door.
58) 1) dialog: You always loved storms. Leon grabs his cane and stands up.
58) 3) dialog: It's me, Dad. Henry.
58) 5) dialog: What are you doing here? You died. I kissed your cheek at the wake.
58) 7) dialog: You don't recognize me. He walks over to Leon, who hears him coming and raises hi cane in fear. Henry grabs the cane and pulls the older ma closer.
58) 8) dialog: I'm not going to hurt you. He removes Leon's dark glasses. Leon's eyes swim in their sockets: useless, blind eyes. 79.
58) 9) dialog: Look at me, Dad. Look at me. CLOSE on Leon's eyes. They seem to stabilize, the pupils dilating, beginning to focus, to work. Leon looks directly at Henry now. He reaches out and touc the young man's face. Leon cannot speak. He looks at his own hands, the lines creasing his palms. He looks out the window. A bolt of lightning brightens the night sky and Leon moans.
58) 11) dialog: Do you recognize me now? Leon turns back to the boy. Leon's face is transfixed wit wonder everything he sees is a miracle. He touches Henry' cheek again.
58) 13) dialog: I'm your son.
58) 15) dialog: Is this my punishment, Dad? You won't recognize me?
58) 17) dialog: Please, please, Dad. Forgive me.
58) 19) dialog: For killing you. Leon pushes out of the embrace and takes a half step backward. 80.
58) 22) dialog: A god?
58) 24) dialog: Miracles? He walks over to the living room wall. One strip of wallp has begun to peel slightly and Henry tears the strip off wall.
58) 25) dialog: You think it's a miracle? Words in black ink are scribbled on the bare wall beneath paper.
58) 26) dialog: Can you see now? Henry tears off an entire sheet of the wallpaper, and the another, and then another, flaying the wall. The phrase FORGIVE ME is written again and again, the familiar endless loop of minuscule, tortured handwriting.
58) 27) dialog: Can you see? It's in my head, Dad. It's all in my head. Leon stares at the writing for several seconds, then turn stare at Henry.
58) 29) dialog: I'm dreaming you. Leon opens his mouth to speak but no words come out. 81.
58) 30) dialog: I can't get out of it. I try-- I try to wake up, but I can't. I'm trapped here.
58) 32) dialog: But I can't die in a dream, right? So if I try to kill myself, I'll end the dream.
59) 0) text: A sprawling old bar in the West Village. Henry, soaking w from the rain, pushes open the door and enters. The barro is nearly empty. He approaches the bar. The BARTENDER is a heavily-muscled bruiser paging through bodybuilding MAGAZINE.
59) 3) dialog: A shot of Jack with a Bud back. 82.
59) 5) dialog: Isn't this where Dylan Thomas had his last drink?
59) 7) dialog: "Rage, rage against the dying of the light." Henry gulps down the shot and pounds the glass onto the b
59) 8) dialog: Eighteen more for the record.
61) 0) text: Sam wanders through the aisles. He checks the back area, where a few STUDENTS sit on the window ledges, paging thr art books. Henry is not here. A bespectacled CLERK approaches Sam.
62) 0) text: Henry is drunk. A row of empty shot glasses is lined up before him. The clock reads 10:03. The Band's "I Shall be Released" plays over the stereo system.
62) 1) dialog: Could you change the station? They never quit playing this song. The bartender raises his eyebrows.
62) 3) dialog: Where is everybody?
62) 5) dialog: It's my birthday. I want some company. A crew of soaked TOURISTS stumble into the bar. They spea German. HAUSER, their leader, a tall blonde man with mutt chop sideburns and a bead necklace, approaches the barten
63) 0) text: The Germans and Henry sit in a circle, all of them very drunk. Hauser is reciting a Thomas poem. He has a strong accent but he gets every word right.
63) 5) dialog: You want to play a drinking game? The Germans nod and smile at him but it's clear they have idea what he's talking about. He aims the revolver at his head. 87. The Germans are suddenly very quiet. He pulls the trigger. Click. He offers the gun to Hauser.
63) 6) dialog: You sure you don't want to play?
63) 8) dialog: You hear a click, you drink. You hear a bang, I drink. Henry winks at the German and pulls the trigger. Click.
63) 9) dialog: Drink. Hauser smiles and nods at his comrades. He grabs a full b mug from the bar and downs half of it in a gulp. The bartender looks up, sees what's happening, throws dow his magazine.
63) 14) dialog: Drink. Hauser is nervous now. He stares at his comrades, who can only watch fearfully.
63) 15) dialog: Come on, you're falling behind. Hauser grabs another beer and swills it down. Fifth bullet. The same procedure. The bartender is inchin closer to Henry. Henry looks at him. The bartender freeze Click. One of the German women starts crying. Hauser drinks as m as he can but spits some of it up. Henry inserts the sixth bullet into the sixth chamber. He closes the cylinder, is about to spin it, realizes he doe have to, smiles at the Germans, presses the muzzle agains his temple. Henry lowers the pistol. The bartender and the Germans release their breath at the same time.
67) 0) text: Henry, soaked by the rain, stands outside a clothes bouti well lit to attract passers-by. He stares through the pla glass window at the immaculately-attired mannequins. A sign posted inside the window reads: EVERYTHING MUST GO
72) 0) text: Sam's riding on the 6 (he took the L to the 6). He's alone in the car, except for a MUSLIM WOMAN in full veil. Sam looks at her. Is she the same woman he saw in h building earlier in the day? She resolutely keeps her gaze on the floor. The express train passes by on the inside track. 95. Sam watches it pass. Each fluorescent-lighted car is empt Except the last car. Henry stands in the last car, holding onto a pole. His eyes meet Sam's. Henry waves goodbye as his train plunges into the tunnel ahead.
76) 0) text: Sam finally reaches the great bridge. He runs up the walk Henry stands alone on the walkway beneath one of the two stone arches that rise above the bridge. The Manhattan-bo traffic rumbles by behind him. He ignores the rain. Henry stares at the giant clockface atop a building in Brooklyn. The clock reads 11:57.
76) 2) dialog: Dr. Foster. I'm glad you came to watch.
76) 5) dialog: I didn't mean to hurt her.
76) 7) dialog: I've hurt people. I have. I've done something terrible.
76) 9) dialog: It's the only way out. Don't you see that?
76) 11) dialog: You're real, Dr. Foster. You tried to save me. You were just a little too late. (beat) For the longest time I didn't understand what was happening to me. But now-- 97.
76) 13) dialog: Because I'm afraid. I don't know what's on the other side. (beat) Maybe that's why I can't wake up. I'm afraid to go back there.
76) 15) dialog: It's a dream. It's got to end sometime.
76) 17) dialog: I'm not wrong. Sam nods but says nothing for a moment.
76) 20) dialog: I have to wake up. 98. The moment he says these words everything goes quiet. The bridge is suddenly empty, no traffic at all, nobody in si but Henry and Sam. The rain stops. The stars, normally invisible above the c now crowd the sky, brighter and more numerous than we've seen them. Then the stars begin to fall, all the stars rain from the sky, leaving burning trails in their wake, the entire sky crisscrossed with these scars. An apocalyptic howl, the most terrifying noise imaginable seems to erupt from everywhere and nowhere. The bridge shudders and sways. Henry shoves the barrel of the revolver into his mouth.
76) 28) dialog: (to Athena) Hold this-- He has Athena hold the sweater to staunch the bleeding. 100.
76) 39) dialog: Hail. Athena looks up. No hail is falling, but the lights on th suspension cables above look like pieces of ice suspended the air.
76) 49) dialog: You're real, Dr. Foster. Sam has no idea what Henry's talking about.