2) 1) text: The bells are tolling. Sam dashes through the campus gate Under his tweed blazer he wears a frayed navy-blue cable- sweater. As he rounds a corner he checks his watch, and before he looks up collides with LILA CULPEPPER, knocking her styro cup of coffee to the sidewalk With her stylish haircut and clothing, Lila looks more li young editor of a fashion magazine than a graduate studen Only the thick philosophy textbooks she carries and her r ink stained fingers give her away. She shoves him.
2) 2) dialog: Watch where you're going, old man.
2) 4) dialog: I don't have time to stand here flirting with you. I've got to give a test to Grunbaum's undergrads. Sam stoops to pick up the empty cup, stands straight, crumples the cup, tosses it into a nearby garbage can.
2) 6) dialog: (unimpressed) Oh, that's sweet. Can I tell you something? She sidles up next to him and fixes the collar of his jac
2) 8) dialog: You owe me a cup of coffee.
5) 0) text: The sky is still blue on this beautiful autumn afternoon. and Lila, on rollerblades, slowly roll down the promenade overlooking the Hudson River. Lila holds Sam's hand, steadying him. Lila is obviously skilled; Sam is obviously a beginner. H wears a helmet, kneepads, and elbow pads over his long-sl tee-shirt.
5) 1) dialog: Don't lean forward too much.
5) 3) dialog: Try to relax. You're too tense. Try to get the rhythm. You want it to feel natural.
5) 6) dialog: We don't have to do this, you know. It's supposed to be fun.
5) 8) dialog: Sam... Sam, now out of control, begins speeding downhill.
5) 10) dialog: (catching up) Sam? Sam? Sam lies on the ground, catching his breath. He's covered with leaves and dirt. LILA (CONTвЂ™D) You okay? Lila crouches beside him and begins checking him for inju with the practiced skill of a nurse.
5) 12) dialog: That was impressive. She lies down next to him.
5) 14) dialog: That's okay. You're a sexy klutz. They kiss. Lila pulls herself closer, her hands on Sam's wrists. Abruptly, Sam pulls his long sleeves down farther if to hide something on his wrists. Lila releases him. For a moment both of them are quiet.
5) 15) dialog: You don't have to do that. You don't have to hide from me. Sam doesn't look at her.
5) 17) dialog: Sam. Sam raises his head.
5) 18) dialog: Don't hide. She kisses him. In the middle of the kiss a loud CRACK startles both of them.
5) 19) dialog: What was that? For a few seconds nothing happens. And then another CRACK and then another, coming rapid fire now, grape-size chunk ice falling from the sky and shattering on the paved walkways.
8) 0) text: Bookshelves overflowing with books dominate the space. Th one luxurious feature is a working fireplace where a well built little fire now burns. Lila's curled up in bed, highlighting lines in Dante's Purgatorio. Sam, lying beside her, speaks on the PHONE.
8) 3) dialog: (not really paying attention) So he watches the Weather Channel.
8) 5) dialog: Maybe he's a shaman and he did a little hail dance.
8) 7) dialog: (finally looking up) How's Beth Levy?
8) 9) dialog: Hm.
8) 11) dialog: She always kind of liked you didn't she? Sam jabs Lila in the ribs with his finger.
8) 13) dialog: She's your oldest friend, that's supposed to make me unjealous? 12.
8) 15) dialog: She's in love. It's obvious to everyone but you. And every day you wear that sweater she made you-- She points at the blue sweater, lying folded on top of th dresser.
8) 16) dialog: --and all I can think is, Damn, I can't even knit.
8) 18) dialog: I know.
8) 20) dialog: (kissing him on the lips) It took you long enough.
12) 0) text: Lila meets Sam at the door and kisses him on the lips.
12) 1) dialog: I didn't think you were going to make it. I need you to make a fire. You're the only Eagle Scout I've ever dated. She leads him into the bedroom. 21.
12) 3) dialog: Lydia Eumanian?
12) 5) dialog: Only because I never lived in Northern New Jersey. Sam begins stacking the logs.
12) 6) dialog: Are you okay, baby? You look a little tense.
12) 8) dialog: Kids at Columbia are always talking about killing themselves. It's hip. It's like wearing black.
12) 10) dialog: Why Saturday? Sam strikes a match and lights the fire.
12) 12) dialog: Why does he want to do it on Saturday? What's so special about midnight Saturday? Sam watches the kindling catch.
12) 16) dialog: I'm starting to get a little worried about you, baby. It's a hell of a job, listening to these crazy boys and girls all day.
20) 0) text: Lila sits cross-legged in the grass lawn that fronts the Philosophy building, highlighting lines in a textbook. A feet away, Rodin's bronze Le Penseur sits in permanent contemplation.
20) 3) dialog: It's not thinking anything. It's a statue.
20) 5) dialog: You grade two hundred papers in a week, see how literal minded you get. (beat) You met with that student today? The suicidal one? Sam squats down beside Lila and picks at the grass. He re his BRIEFCASE on the ground beside him.
20) 7) dialog: And? Why does he want to die? Sam stares at Lila for a while and she looks away, fluste
20) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, is that a stupid question? Sam shakes his head. He takes Lila's hand. 29.
20) 10) dialog: And you... did you... She's obviously uncomfortable, not sure how to proceed. He kisses Lila sees Sam turns Sam walks
20) 12) dialog: How are you going to do that?
20) 14) dialog: Henry! and stares at her. Lila points at the briefcase.
20) 15) dialog: Forgetting something? back to her, staring at her the whole time.
20) 16) dialog: What's the matter?
20) 18) dialog: (confused) What?
20) 20) dialog: Baby, I think I know your name by now. 30.
20) 22) dialog: Hey, don't shoot.
31) 0) text: Sam sits at the kitchen table. The documents, from Henry' folder are spread out before him: transcripts, applicatio materials, etc. 43. Sam studies a passport photograph of Henry for a moment t continues to sift through the material while Lila, sittin the opposite side of the table, eats take-out Chinese foo
31) 2) dialog: (chewing) Mm.
31) 4) dialog: Did you ever hear from Beth Levy?
31) 6) dialog: Clearly that professor wants to fuck Henry Letham. Sam, still paging through the documents, laughs.
31) 8) dialog: What exactly are you doing, baby? Sam looks up at her.
31) 10) dialog: You're letting this kid take over your life. It's not your job to track down missing students. 44. Sam is quiet for a moment.
31) 12) dialog: I just don't think it's healthy to be so obsessed with one patient.
31) 14) dialog: Maybe you're right. Maybe I ama cynic. But it seems to me that he's using you. (beat) You want your fortune cookie?
31) 16) dialog: (reading) "Your troubles will cease and fortune will smile upon you." Sam slowly looks up at her. All the color has drained fro his face.
31) 17) dialog: And not a moment too soon, that's all I can say. (noticing Sam's expression) What's the matter, baby? Sam?
43) 0) text: Sam staggers in the front door, exhausted. Lila comes out the bedroom. She stops in her tracks when she sees him, a bandaged and battered, then hurries over to him.
43) 1) dialog: What happened to you? Sam shakes his head. How can he possibly explain what has happened to him? He limps toward the bedroom. Lila, nonplussed, follows after him.
44) 1) dialog: I was calling people all over the city looking for you. I was about to call the police. Sam checks the clock: 8:12 a.m. He begins to undress, pul off his sweater.
44) 2) dialog: What's going on, Sam? Sam sits on the edge of the bed, considering the question
44) 4) dialog: I don't know? You run out in the middle of the night and don't come back until eight in the morning, no phone call, no explanation, looking like someone tried to murder you? Don't tell me I don't know. 61. Sam lies down on the bed, his clothes half-removed. He's exhausted to have a real conversation, too bewildered by events of the last few hours, too numbed from the Percose
44) 6) dialog: Excuse me?
44) 8) dialog: You were at Beth Levy's all night? Sam groans.
44) 9) dialog: You're losing me, Sam. I swear to God, you're starting to lose me. Sam grunts, already half-asleep.
44) 10) dialog: (heavy sarcasm) I'm glad we had this conversation. I think we really cleared the air on some important issues. (jangling the car keys) I'm going to the library.
65) 0) text: Lila sits in her study carrel in the deserted library. On desk: stacks of books, a laptop computer, and her cell ph which is ringing. She picks it up.
65) 1) dialog: Hello?
65) 4) dialog: (coldly) I'm surprised you remember the number. Sam tries to answer but then simply shakes his head.
65) 6) dialog: Where else? The glamorous life of a graduate student.
65) 8) dialog: Am I your research assistant now?
65) 11) dialog: You know- -
65) 13) dialog: All right. It'll take me a minute, hold on. Sam waits on the line. Someone taps on the side of the ph booth, behind Sam. Sam waves the person away but there's another tap. Impatiently, Sam turns around. Leon stands there, smiling in the rain, no longer wearing dark glasses, looking directly into Sam's eyes. Sam stares at Leon for a moment before speaking.
68) 1) text: The gold-lettered title reads: "La Vie de Tristan RГ©veur Lila pulls the book off the shelf and begins skimming thr the final pages. Her cell phone is wedged between her shoulder and her face.
68) 2) dialog: Sam? You there?
68) 4) dialog: Yeah. My French is a little rusty. Let's see... oh, he was friends with Marcel Duchamp... here it is. She reads haltingly, translating as she goes.
68) 5) dialog: "At midnight on the fifteenth of March, RГ©veur strolled calmly to the center of the Brooklyn Bridge, tossed a white rose into the East River, and shot himself in the head. He was taken to Bellevue Hospital and pronounced dead on arrival."
69) 2) dialog: I'm listening.
69) 4) dialog: Baby - -
69) 6) dialog: But what's--
70) 1) dialog: Baby, I don't understand--
76) 34) dialog: I'm a nurse.
76) 41) dialog: He's hallucinating.
76) 52) dialog: I'm losing the pulse, Doctor. Sam begins CPR.
76) 57) dialog: You did everything you could, Doctor. There was never a chance. Sam says nothing. Lila touches him on the shoulder, brief and walks away. She's getting farther and farther away. Soon she'll be go Sam finally looks up.
76) 60) dialog: I wish we could have done more. She starts to walk away again.
76) 63) dialog: I'd like that. Sam begins walking toward her and then stops. He notices something lying on the asphalt, something glittering amid the debris of the wreck, the broken glass twisted metal. He kneels and picks it up. Lila, curious as to what he's found, walks over to him.
76) 64) dialog: What is it? Sam, standing, shows her the diamond ring. It glitters in lights of the bridge. But we're pulling back now, farther farther from the wrecked car, the ambulances, the slow-mo traffic. We're rising higher and higher, above the suspension cabl above the great arches, above the blinking red lights tha warn airplane pilots. All the commotion on the bridge is silent now, nothing bu beads of light trickling over the dark river.