38) 1) dialog: I've been waiting for you. 49. Sam spins around. MRS. LETHAM sits in the darkness on a p swing. She wears a silk kerchief around her head, the kin that chemotherapy patients sometimes wear
38) 3) dialog: I thought you'd never come visit. She stands and approaches Sam. She has a limp. She's a ki looking woman, but weary, with dark circles below her blu eyes and wisps of gray hair straying out from under the kerchief.
38) 5) dialog: I guess it's easy to forget me, all alone out here in the country.
38) 7) dialog: I know why you came. Not because of me. You came to see Olive, didn't you? Sam frowns.
38) 9) dialog: I know you did. She She opens the door, flicks on a light and leads him insid In the light we can see that Mrs. Letham has a wine-stain birthmark on her left cheek. 50.
39) 2) dialog: Here she is. She's been lonely. Me and Olive keep each other company. It feels like we've been alone in this house for a thousand years.
39) 4) dialog: She doesn't remember you anymore, you've been away so long. (beat) Let me fix you something to eat. I have some leftovers in the fridge.
40) 0) text: The kitchen shines like the rest of the house. Someone ha spent hours scrubbing every surface until it gleams. Mrs. Letham opens the refrigerator and looks through it. 51. The refrigerator is empty.
40) 1) dialog: Most days I don't say a single word. I'm silent so long sometimes I forget how to speak. It's so quiet here.
40) 3) dialog: Do you hate me? You must hate me. Is that why you did it? Because you hate me?
40) 5) dialog: I knew you'd come back, eventually. It was so quiet without you, so lonely. But now you've come back and you're never going to leave. Sam is quiet for a moment, searching Mrs. Letham's smilin face.
40) 7) dialog: Don't play these games anymore. Not anymore.
40) 9) dialog: You think I don't know you, Henry? You think I don't recognize my only son? Mrs. Letham wraps her arms around Sam and squeezes him to her. 52.
40) 10) dialog: Oh Lord, I missed you. I missed you so much. I could never stay angry at you. I know you didn't mean to hurt me. Sam nods. He speaks very quietly, very carefully. They ar still locked in an embrace.
40) 12) dialog: Yes, baby?
40) 14) dialog: It doesn't matter anymore. Let's not talk about it, please.
40) 16) dialog: You go the city. You've been going to the city since you were old enough to take the train.
40) 18) dialog: You used to go to your classes before you met Athena.
40) 20) dialog: (increasingly angry) Now you might not even graduate, your grades are so bad.
40) 22) dialog: Athena this, Athena that, always Athena, beautiful Athena. I'm sick of Athena! I'm sick of her!
40) 24) dialog: How could you? Your own mother, how could you? Meanwhile the blood is beginning to stream down her face. scrubs ferociously but more and more blood spatters on th tiles. Sam kneels beside her.
40) 26) dialog: You did this! Olive leaps upon Henry, knocking him to the floor, biting viciously at his face and throat. Sam desperately holds the mastiff off, the slobbering jaw inches from his jugular. Mrs. Letham watches for a few seconds before speaking.
40) 27) dialog: Olive! Off! Upon her command the mastiff immediately disengages and retreats. Sam bleeds from the hands, neck, and face. 54.
40) 28) dialog: You better leave, Henry. You're not welcome anymore.