18) 0) text: Willie settles on the rear bench as Marcus gets into the  passenger seat next to his Pillipina Mail-order wife of  several years, LOIS, who is dressed in expensively ugly  clothes, and whose mouth is ever down-turned in pruney  distaste.
18) 1) dialog: Marcus, did you get the loofah?
60) 0) text: Marcus's wife Lois stands in front of a mirror, trying on cashmere scarf. Her look of pruney disapproval is in plac as ever. She takes off the scarf and writes something in small spiral notebook...
60) 2) dialog: Just looking.
61) 0) text: Lois stands looking intently down through the glass case pruney disapproval.
61) 3) dialog: Just looking.
62) 6) text: Lois appears with a salad on a tray and a look of pruney  disapproval. She sits next to Marcus and, in the way of o couples comfortable with each other, he rests a hand on h knee and continues to talk, ignoring her, while she picks through her salad, ignoring him.
62) 13) text: Lois, chewing on her salad, notices someone walking by wi a Chamberlain's bag. She glances in as the person passes  and, still chewing, gets out her notebook and jots someth down.
62) 17) text: Marcus and Lois get up to leave.
77) 0) text: Lois exits an electronics store with a box slung under he arm, her mouth turned down in pruney disapproval. She pla the box on the hood of her car and we see its printings S HVR-3200. She opens the box, fishes out the remote, then tosses the box and VCR into a nearby trash can.
89) 0) text: Lois, her face set in pruney disapproval, flips slowly th a rack of furs. A salesman approaches from behind her. She somehow senses his presence; without bothering to look around she murmur
89) 1) dialog: Just looking...
97) 0) text: Marcus sits with Lois in the van staking out the door to  Chamberlain's, waiting for Gin to leave.
99) 0) text: Marcus and Lois continue their stake-out. We see Gin exit the store and head for his car.
100) 0) text: Marcus stands by the side of his van. It's parked on the  shoulder with the hood up, jumper cables attached and han Lois is in the driver's seat. Gin's Ford 4 X 4 speeds around the corner and Marcus flag him down. SCREEEEECH! Gin slams on the brakes, then backs up and pu over. He emerges from the 4 X 4 with road rage on full br and strides over to the van.
100) 13) text: Lois turns the key and the van starts right up. Gin takes the cables off the van and closes the hood. He lights up Pall Mall. Marcus signals to Lois. She puts the car into gear and st her foot on the accelerator, squashing Gin between the tw vehicles.
100) 14) text: Gin's face as it's squooshed up against the van's windshi A cloud of cigarette smoke escapes his lips. Lois continues to step on the gas, trying to crush him. ANGLE ON: the tires spinning in the gravel. Finally, she takes her foot off the gas. The van eases ba Gin falls to the ground with a groan. Marcus steps up and leans over him.
100) 16) dialog: Is he dead?
100) 20) dialog: I needed more of a running start --  I couldn't build up any speed.
100) 27) text: ANGLE ON: shift level moving into REVERSE. ANGLE ON: Lois' foot stepping on the gas pedal. WIDER: Lois drives backwards. There's a bump and the soun of a dull POP.
103) 2) text: Behind Jesse, in Men's Wear, is Lois, wearing a frown of  pruney disapproval. Seeing that he's not looking, she  inexplicably nudges a table of sweaters a few feet over. SQUEEEEEEEAK! The table makes a loud noise, but it's too  chaotic on the floor for anyone to notice. Satisfied with her placement of the table, Lois heads out the door.
109) 0) text: Marcus arrives at the vent above the surveillance room. H reaches in his pocket, pulls out the remote control Lois  bought, and aims it down into the room.
114) 0) text: As the alarm continues to count down, 12... 11... a dista scream grows louder until -- -- in nearby Men's Wear, the vent in the 30-foot ceiling  bursts open and -- -- Marcus drops from the duct. THUD! He lands on the table of sweaters placed by Lois. In a split-second, he sits up and looks at the alarm box. 7... 6... He hops off the table and pushes it toward the alarm box.
117) 0) text: Willie stares at the safe while rubbing sandpaper to his  fingertips. Meanwhile, Marcus emerges from a stockroom with a cart to begin his shopping spree. Willie applies a stethoscope to the safe, tapping with on hand and listening intently. Marcus starts in Ladies' Accessories, finding the cashmer scarf. Willie applies the drill to the safe. Marcus makes his way through Lingerie. Willie pulls back the drill. The bit is trashed, the safe completely unscathed. Marcus is in Shoes picking out pumps for Lois. Willie is in Home Improvement, flipping tools off the she into a cart of his own. Marcus is in Evening Wear, jumping to try to pull a stole off a mannequin. Willie batters a chisel into the seam of the safe door. Marcus continues to leap at the mannequin. Willie is atop the safe, swinging a sledgehammer at the l Marcus swings at the mannequin's knees with a golf club. Willie uses a plasma welder on the safe. Marcus, having chopped down the mannequin, drags off its  stole. Willie is back over the safe, battering it with the  sledgehammer, roaring with each swing. Marcus is in Housewares pilfering crock pots. Willie, sweating, drops the sledgehammer clanking to the  floor. Wiping his forehead, he circles the safe. When he  gets to the back of the safe he stops, thinks. Marcus is in Home Entertainment grabbing a stereo. Willie is hunched at the back of the safe, stethoscope to its surface, giving exploratory taps with two knuckles. Sound perspective through the stethoscope: hollow THUNKS  followed by an unnaturally loud and present CREEEEEEEEAK. Willie reacts quizzically. After a considering moment he  rises. we can see, on the far side of the safe, its door it finishes creaking open. Marcus enters the room. Willie looks at him.
118) 2) text: The hand finally leaves with the purple elephant. We hold for a long beat. The hand reenters to put back the purple and take the pin Willie turns around holding the stuffed elephant. Marcus and Lois are standing there presenting a grotesque picture: Lois has a shopping cart filled with shoes, scar jewels, a salad spinner, purses, a block of Ginsu knives, abdomen exerciser. She wears a pair of sunglasses from wh a price tag dangles, and a long ermine stole. Next to her Marcus holds the Santa bag bulging with -- in sprouting -- cash.
118) 9) text: Marcus and Lois are statues, staring at him.
118) 31) dialog: ...Wuddya waitin' for, honey? Plug  him.
118) 46) dialog: Gevalt.