0) 409) dialog: Y'all are trespassin', now. Illegally. 'Round these parts, we don't take kindly to cider poachers. Fox and Rat stare at each other. Fox says, finally:
0) 411) dialog: You're gettin' a little long in the tooth, yourself, partner. Rat spins around and hurls himself scuttling over a shelf down the wall, and through the air onto the brick floor a Fox's feet. He flicks open a switchblade and brandishes i He hisses.
0) 417) dialog: How's your old lady doin'? Kylie peers out from his hole in the wall nervously. Fox Rat circle each other slowly.
0) 419) dialog: She was the town tart, in her day. Wild and foot-loose and pretty as a mink stole. She was a creme brulee -- until you made an honest woman out of her, Mr. Fox. Kylie says, intrigued, from his hole:
0) 426) dialog: Oh, I'm as careful as a -- A door at the top of the stairs opens suddenly with a lou creak. Rat and Fox look terrified. They both dart away an hide behind cider jars. A heavy-set, middle-aged housekeeper carrying a rolling p comes down the stairs and walks straight over to the shel where Fox is hiding.
0) 450) dialog: Dear Mrs. Bean, your language, while somewhat purple, is nevertheless impossible to misinterpret. However -- comma -- given the proximity of said rat at the moment of your -- The door at the top the stairs opens again. Silence.
0) 915) dialog: Y'all lookin' for somethin'? Nothin' down here but rusty bottle-caps and drainin' water. Everyone stops short. Rat drops into the pipe from an overhead drain ahead of them. He says ominously:
0) 916) dialog: They got the boy.
0) 919) dialog: The farmers three. You know who I'm talkin' about.
0) 922) dialog: Well-done, Mr. Badger. You're a smart man. They want to trade the son for his poppa.
0) 932) dialog: I can see the resemblance. Pause. In an instant, Rat grabs Ash by the tail, picks hi off the ground, swings him in the air, and flings him awa twenty feet down the drainpipe. Badger looks stunned. Ash sits in a puddle in a stupor. Rat races toward him do the tunnel. He leaps into the air with his claws out and teeth bared. As he is about to seize upon Ash -- he is suddenly jerked backwards and spun around. Rat is face to face with Fox. Fox strikes his old-fashion boxing stance. He draws back and throws a hard punch, nai Rat square in the jaw. Rat staggers, stunned. He swings h switchblade, cutting Fox across the chest. Fox touches the wound and looks at the blood on the finge of his paw. He looks to Rat. Rat holds up his wrist and s Fox a child's plastic digital watch with miniature footba baseballs, and soccer balls on it. He says strangely:
0) 938) dialog: I've still got it.
0) 941) dialog: I said I've still got the watch, Mr. Fox. She never asked for it back. A frozen moment. Fox springs forward and clamps his jaws Rat's throat. Rat tumbles over backwards. Fox pins him to ground with his teeth in Rat's neck. Rat kicks and bucks struggles, but Fox holds him fast. Rat goes limp. Fox releases him. Everyone slowly gathers around Fox and Rat. Ash kneels ne to his father. Fox cradles Rat in his arms. Rat whispers:
0) 942) dialog: The boy's locked in an apple crate on top of a gun-locker in the attic of Bean Annex. It's a set-up.
0) 946) dialog: Never.
0) 949) dialog: 
0) 950) dialog: Cider.
0) 957) dialog: Like melted gold. Rat's eyes turn into X's. He is dead. Ash stands up.