16) 3) text: He glares at the tough and his growling dog. The dog sudd shrinks back in fear and decides it's time to leave. He p his owner along. Andy continues on his way. He ditches th half finished crepe. That's not what he's hungry for. Andy comes upon a trendy little CAFE with several tables diners eating in the open air. Andy notices an attractive young blond sitting alone, thumbing through a "Let's Go"  guide. This is AMY SINGLETON. Andy approaches confidently
16) 5) text: Amy smiles. She is indeed sexy, with remarkable, sparklin BLUE EYES.
16) 8) dialog: Actually, I'm waiting for someone.
16) 10) text: She laughs. The waiter arrives to take their order. Andy  hands him the empty half bottle of wine from Amy's table.
19) 0) text: Three successive tables of upscale PARISIAN DINERS are ga at something. At one table, Inspector Marcel hides behind his menu, and shakes his head in disdain. We follow their glances to Andy, greedily licking the las bits of Steak Tartar off his plate. Amy giggles in amazem as she pours the last from the bottle of wine. She's a bi drunk - enough to be amused by Andy's antics.
19) 1) dialog: God. How can you eat like that?
19) 3) text: Amy laughs and nods "yes". JEAN-LUC, 25, a well dressed,  powerfully built Frenchman enters. He kisses Amy on both  cheeks, all the while watching Andy uneasily.
19) 4) dialog: Jean-Luc. You're kinda late sweetie.
19) 6) dialog: Well, yeah, kinda', but -
19) 8) text: Amy laughs in mid gulp and wine comes through her nose. A looks at Jean-Luc, who is - of course - pretty steamed.
19) 12) text: Amy tries to intervene.
19) 13) dialog: Jean-Luc, don't be a jerk.
19) 20) dialog: Wow. You know Kung Fu or something?
19) 24) dialog: Ha ha. You were probably right about  his mom.
19) 26) dialog: Who gives a shit? I've had it up to  here with arrogant Frenchmen.
19) 28) dialog: Ha ha! Yeah right, white boy! Ha Ha  ha. (she hiccups) I think maybe I drank too much.
19) 30) dialog: I don't know... Surprise me.
19) 32) dialog: Are you kidding?! I LOVE Jim  Morrison!!
20) 2) dialog: My God! You're an animal!
20) 3) text: But Andy's still accelerating - transported to another pl Sweat pours from his brow. His face contorts with each gr but now it's hard to tell if it's from pleasure or pain. body jerks violently and his skin suddenly blushes bright red. Amy winces.
20) 4) dialog: Ahh! Jesus! You're burning hot! What  the hell -
20) 8) text: Andy's skin literally glows red, turning his sweat to ste He leaps off Amy and disappears into the sprawling cemete screaming in agony. Amy watches him go.
20) 9) dialog: Hey, where are you going!?
20) 10) text: Marcel starts off after Andy, taking the wide route aroun Amy. Andy's scream echoes through the cemetery. Amy pulls her dress on.
20) 11) dialog: Creep.
20) 13) dialog: searches through the graveyard. She's got Andy's clothes.
20) 14) dialog: I don't know what's wrong with you,  man, but I got your pants, so we  better talk.
20) 18) dialog: in another part of the graveyard, stops in her tracks,  listening. Another SMASH followed by crumbling, and rushi water.
20) 19) dialog: (to herself) He's gone psycho ballistic. This is  bad.
20) 20) text: Amy feels something and looks down. There's a stream of w flowing around her feet. She follows it towards its sourc and steps into
20) 22) dialog: Oh my God...
20) 23) text: She notices something on the ground. It's the STONE GODDE smashed into several pieces. We hear a low growl. Amy loo up, terrified. She scans the GRAVES around the perimeter the courtyard. She takes a few tentative steps backward. Suddenly a MASSIVE TOMBSTONE is wrenched off its base (mo of the ancient stone markers are eroded and crumbling - m already fallen over). It falls like a tree, revealing the familiar pair of piercing yellow eyes behind it, framed b the dim outline of a massive beast. Amy emits an odd,  primitive whine.
20) 24) dialog: Unnnhh...
20) 25) text: She runs away from the beast, across the courtyard and  disappears into the graves. In the DENSE FOREST OF TALL TOMBSTONES, Amy zigs and zags through narrow spaces, barely wide enough for her slender body to fit through. The camera CRANES UP.
20) 26) text: Thirty paces behind Amy, pairs of tombstones split apart  like jungle vegetation, crashing thunderously to the grou The unseen beast's path is slowed by the monuments, but s follows Amy. Amy looks back as she runs. She sees the tops of tombston fall behind her. She comes to a railing at the top of a  fifteen foot wall separating a LOWER LEVEL of the cemeter She hangs over the edge and quietly drops. She runs down a path comes to an intersection where six p converge. She looks down each of them, but can't see the  outer walls of the cemetery - just an endless landscape o graves. She sprints down a path and ducks behind A LARGE  CRYPT. Up on the higher level, the beast howls. She looks up and sees its silhouette sniffing the air, the full moon loomi behind it. She looks up at the iron door on the crypt. Th she reaches into her purse...
20) 31) dialog: somewhere else in the graveyard, sprays a long blast of  perfume into another crypt, and sneaks into the endless m of tombs. We hear the enraged beast smash into another cr a hundred yards away. Amy comes to ANOTHER FOUNTAIN and slips into the water,  quietly rinsing herself.
20) 32) text: smashes into another crypt. Nothing's inside. It backs up and runs to another crypt. SMASH! Nothing. The growls gro more furious. It crashes down another door. Nothing. Amy, dripping wet, pads down a row of ancient family  mausoleums. She pauses as the beast lets loose a horrible howl and topples a monument some distance away. She tries the heavy iron door on a SMALL GOTHIC MAUSOLEUM. It opens She slips inside.
20) 36) text: Amy breaths a sigh of relief. Then - THE BEAST springs out of the darkness behind Marcel - a b of eyes, claws, and teeth - and tackles him to the ground
23) 24) text: He leaves the room. The technician leaves too. Andy's alo staring at the corpses. Through the window, he can see Le arguing loudly with his superior... Andy tries to breath  deeply, calm down. He turns back to look at Amy's corpse. Suddenly, her eyes - well, her eye - snaps open and looks straight at him!
23) 25) dialog: Thanks for the lovely evening,  shithead!
23) 28) dialog: You really know how to show a girl a  good time, don't you?
23) 36) dialog: Face it boyfriend. This is really  happening.
23) 42) dialog: I spent four years on StairMaster  for this bod and you rip through it  like a pork chop. Thanks.
23) 43) text: Andy blinks hard. Every time he opens his eyes, Marcel an Amy are still there, hideous as ever, staring at him.
23) 45) dialog: A-duh... You're a werewolf. And we,  as your victims, have to walk the  earth until your curse is lifted.
23) 47) dialog: (together) Kill yourself.
23) 48) dialog: It's the only way.
24) 0) text: Andy walks past Notre Dame, flanked by Marcel and Amy.
24) 2) dialog: I'd use pills. They're painless.
24) 6) dialog: Rip my face off? Hey, we all make  mistakes. Hell, I didn't mean to  sleep with you on the first night,  especially without a condom. But I  did, and now I'm paying the price.
24) 7) text: Andy slumps over, beaten. Amy puts her arm around him. Ma pats him on the back. They start him walking along.
24) 9) dialog: Exactly.
24) 10) text: HOOOOONNNNK!! Andy looks up to see a speeding bus about t flatten him. Amy and Marcel have lead him into traffic. H jumps back and the bus just grazes him. Of course, it pas right through Amy and Marcel. They're still standing ther when it's gone.
24) 12) dialog: (to Andy) Uhh! Would you die already!
24) 16) text: Andy socks Marcel and breaks his jaw - off. It skitters o into the street. He punches him in the gut - SKLURCH! His fist gets stuck in the tangle of Marcel's abdominal organ While Andy tries to pull his hand free, Amy rears back an kicks him in the balls. He wrenches his hand loose and  staggers back, clutching his groin.
24) 18) dialog: What, all of a sudden you got a degree  in supernatural law?
24) 21) text: He socks Andy in the mouth. Andy shakes it off, rips Marc arm off, bashes him in the face with it, then turns aroun and uses it to beat Amy over the head. Meanwhile...
24) 24) text: Francois nods philosophically. Meanwhile, back in Andy's  reality... Marcel has got him in a full Nelson and Amy is punching h in the stomach. He bucks forward, wrenching both of Marce arms off and slams them together onto Amy's head, knockin her down. Andy waves Marcel's arms in triumph.
24) 26) dialog: Oh, big man. You can beat up a couple  of cadavers. Well let me make  something real clear, asshole. If  you don't kill yourself, at midnight  tonight you're gonna transform and  murder innocent people!
26) 5) dialog: Geez, I feel bad for him. Maybe we  should've told him abou -
26) 7) text: Amy nods. Andy exits the phone booth and approaches them. "Round Midnight" fades out.
27) 0) text: Andy drains the last of a bottle of Jack Daniel's and wob along, totally smashed and a bit wistful, with Amy and Ma in tow.
27) 3) dialog: You got style, babe. That's why I  went for you in the first place.
29) 0) text: We're looking at the elevator doors. They open. Andy stri out onto the deck, through the milling TOURISTS, flanked Marcel and Amy.
29) 2) text: Proud, determined, Andy arrives at the six foot wire mesh fence and quickly scales it. Amy and Marcel follow. Nearb tourists are alarmed and a clamor of concern rises up. Th with camcorders jockey for position.
29) 8) dialog: Look, the more you think about it,  the harder it is.
29) 10) dialog: The key is don't look down.
29) 12) dialog: (to Marcel) Would you shut up?
29) 15) dialog: (picking up Marcel's  lead) Sure. We wouldn't ask you to do  anything we wouldn't do. Now give me  your hand... that's it...
29) 16) text: Amy coaxes Andy's hand off the fence. The crowd gasps. An grits his teeth and focuses again.
29) 17) dialog: One... two... three... JUMP!
29) 22) dialog: You try to be a good sport, and look  what happens.
35) 11) dialog: No. It's all true, Andy...
35) 12) text: Startled, Andy turns to see Amy and Marcel, a little wors for wear, standing behind them.
35) 13) dialog: I mean, if by some miracle you can  find the werewolf that bit you, and  then manage to eat it's heart, the  curse is lifted. I was gonna tell  you but Marcel wouldn't let me.
35) 20) dialog: (smiles and extends  her hand) Amy. Nice to meet you.
35) 21) text: Claude shakes her hand - SQUISH. Some sort of body fluid  oozes out of Amy's hand. Claude frowns and discreetly wip his hand with a handkerchief. Marcel smiles and extends h hand.
51) 23) text: Andy looks up. Terrence, Marcel, Amy, and a dozen other  mutilated, rotting undead, presumably Serafine's victims, stand in the tunnel, looking on solemnly.
51) 25) dialog: But you better hurry.