3) 2) text: He turns to see SERAFINE, a beautiful young woman, around 22, casually dressed and aiming a pistol at his head. He  drops the shoulder bag and reaches for the ceiling.
3) 5) dialog: (in English) Oh fuck, you are his nephew...
3) 7) dialog: Serafine Flocquet. I work for your  uncle.
3) 9) text: Serafine puts the gun away in a drawer.
3) 10) dialog: It sounded like someone picking the  lock. After what happened, I guess I  am a little nervous.
3) 13) dialog: It's a fucking nightmare, isn't it?
3) 15) dialog: Police. They have their head in their  asshole and they still can't find  shit.
3) 18) dialog: He's doing a book with Professor  Roussel, about medieval chemistry. I  was just transcribing his notes onto  the computer and - oh shit!
4) 1) dialog: Salots! Shitfucker!
4) 3) dialog: If you leave it for more than a few  minutes it locks up. Now I must reboot  and type a dozen fucking passwords.  He was security crazy.
4) 6) text: Serafine gets kind of emotional at the thought...
4) 7) dialog: They wouldn't let me see him. Family  only. I told them, Terry was almost  like a father to me, you know?
4) 11) dialog: You must not have known him very  well. He's not like that.
4) 13) dialog: You were. I have work to do. The  publisher wants the transcripts by  Monday. Go. Make yourself at home.
4) 15) dialog: Uh-huh. Good for you.
4) 18) dialog: It's nothing. A stupid party. Not  really a night club, it's, uh...
4) 20) dialog: Yes. It's a bad place. Weird people.  Strange things go on.
4) 22) text: Serafine looks at him hard, questioning.
4) 25) dialog: Professor Claude Rousel. The one  your uncle was working with. He  teaches cultural history.
4) 27) text: He shoves the book in his back pocket. Serafine's emphati
4) 28) dialog: I'm serious. There's nothing for you  down there. It's dangerous.
4) 31) dialog: (suddenly quite angry) What good can you do? Why are you  being so fucking stupid?
4) 34) dialog: You're a fucking lunatic!
4) 36) dialog: (French) God damned Americans.
5) 50) dialog: Andy!
5) 51) text: Andy turns and sees Serafine run up to him. She looks wor
5) 53) dialog: You must get out of here. It's not  safe.
5) 57) dialog: Bon nuit Claude. (to Andy) Come on.
5) 58) text: Claude dashes off. Serafine drags Andy into the main cave
5) 62) text: Serafine sees something over Andy's shoulder.
5) 63) dialog: Merde. I knew I shouldn't have come  here.
5) 66) dialog: (French) Get the fuck away from me, Gaston.
5) 69) dialog: (French) Fuck you.
5) 75) text: CRACK! Andy hauls off and belts Gaston in the jaw as hard he can. But Gaston doesn't even lose his footing. He snee with rage and hits Andy with a vicious combination. His  glasses fly off as he reels into the crowd, knocking a fe people into a group of nearby SKINHEADS. The skinheads er into randomly directed violence - a full fledged BRAWL br out. It's chaos. On the floor, Andy squirms away from the skinheads and  retrieves his glasses. He hears Serafine call his name. H gets up amidst the mayhem and sees Serafine being carried away by the crowd.
5) 77) text: Someone knocks into Andy and he falls to the ground. He g back on his feet - Serafine's nowhere in sight. He pushes his way through the crowd, looking for her. He catches si of her white dress in a distant corner. It's there for a  second and then gone again - apparently into a tunnel. He runs over to it. Andy peers into THE TUNNEL, which houses some old pipes. fades quickly into darkness. He grabs a kerosene torch fr the wall and runs into the tunnel. About a hundred yards he passes an ALCOVE. He leans in with his torch and peers around. The cave lik room is empty but something catches Andy's eye. Scratched into the stone wall, amidst various graffiti, is A PENTAG It looks to be centuries old. Andy's transfixed by it. The sound of his own breathing  suddenly becomes deafening and his vision begins to disto the textures of the stone wall begin to churn and crawl, the flames from his torch melt into different hues. The  pentagram glows and seems to grow out of the wall... The hallucinatory flash is over as fast as it began. Pant stunned, Andy shakes it off. He wipes his face, checking traces of paint. He tries to reassure himself.
5) 83) text: They just stare at him. Spooked, he walks past them. They follow him with their creepy stare as he continues into t tunnel, which slopes downhill. He comes to an old stairway leading down into darkness. W pours out of a hole in the ceiling. The steps are severel eroded and slick with flowing water and moss. Andy sees  something. It's SERAFINE'S SHOE, laying on a landing a fe yards down the stairs. He leans in further, loses his foo and slips.
5) 90) text: He turns and runs for THE STAIRWAY. He skids on the grave and overshoots it. He scrambles back and up into it just THE TRAIN whooshes past. Andy scurries a few feet up the slick steps, using a rust pipe for a handhold. As he looks back at the SPARKING, RU TRAIN WHEELS, his heart pounding in his head, he has anot HALLUCINATORY-FLASH: the sparks explode into streaking  patterns of color and light. It passes quickly. The train goes by and its rumble fades Andy squeezes his temples and takes a deep breath. Before finishes exhaling, an UNEARTHLY HOWL echoes through the  tunnels. The howl literally takes his breath away - he's  frozen there, eyes wide, not breathing for a long moment. Quietly, carefully, he makes his way back up the dark, we stairs. He comes to the landing, picks up Serafine's shoe and steps into the INTERSECTING TUNNEL. He squints into the darkness. Without his glasses, ANDY'S POV is a bit blurry. He walks into the tunnel. Another HOWL. Andy swallows har
11) 2) text: He grabs the door so it can't hit him again. Serafine pok her head around and sees him. She's surprised, relieved,  elated. Andy's reaction is more disoriented, stunned.
11) 3) dialog: Andy! Holy shit!
11) 6) dialog: Thank God! What a relief! I thought...  After you disappeared... I couldn't  find you... I thought all sorts of  horrible things...
11) 9) dialog: What happened? Did you cut yourself?
11) 12) dialog: That was fucking stupid, going down  there. You could have been killed. I  tried to warn you, But you don't  listen. Just like your uncle.
11) 14) dialog: You have to be a hero. All Americans  think they are cowboys.
11) 16) dialog: So... you feel okay now?
11) 19) text: Serafine laughs. She hasn't heard this expression before. approaches her.
11) 20) dialog: Fan-fucking-tastic?
11) 23) dialog: Hey! Calm down.
11) 26) dialog: Go to Jim Morrison's grave at Pere  Lachaise. It's overrun with American  tourists. I have to work.
11) 29) dialog: Here. You go. "Hock some loogies"  for me.
11) 32) dialog: Okay. But I'm back in half an hour.
11) 34) dialog: What about your glasses?
11) 37) dialog: Don't you want to change?
12) 4) text: - AT A BRASSERIE: Andy is about to escort Serafine into t trendy eatery, but she stops him at the door and points t the menu, or more specifically the prices. He makes a  horrified face, and they move on. - IN A BOULANGERIE: Serafine buys cheese, Andy buys meats the counterman shows Andy how big a slice off the pate lo he's about to cut. Andy nods "yes". The counterman cuts i and offers the slice. Andy shakes his head "no" and point to the much larger remainder of the loaf. - AT AN OUTDOOR MARKET: Detective Marcel, wearing a lame  "disguise" (new wave sunglasses ala "Diva"), watches Andy and Serafine shop from a distance. - IN A PATISSERIE: Andy points to a large baguette, says  something suggestive and winks boastfully at Serafine. Sh gives him a "yeah, right" look and points at a small  breadstick. - IN A WINE STORE: Andy looks at each bottle closely, the "tests" it by shaking vigorously. Serafine's amused. The  owner's baffled. - ON THE RIGHT BANK: Arms full of groceries, Andy and Ser pass the row of outdoor pet stores near the river. Andy l longingly at the live ducks in their cages. Serafine pull him along. MUSIC fades out.
13) 0) text: Andy and Serafine sit on the river bank facing a magnific Paris vista. Serafine unpacks the food.
13) 1) dialog: Shit! You bought enough pate for a  fucking army!
13) 5) dialog: So's Woody Allen. (Andy laughs. She  starts uncorking the  wine.) No, your uncle really helped me. I  was sort of messed up for a while.  Wasting my time just partying and...  just stupid shit. He kind of woke me  up, gave me a job, got me taking  classes. (she uncorks the wine  and fills their  plastic cups) You know, he and Claude, their work  is controversial, but they're serious  about it. Totally dedicated.
13) 7) dialog: A la votre.
13) 10) dialog: Ahh, Rodin. Mmm! He's the fuc- (she catches herself  and laughs) I mean, he's the best. You must go  to the Rodin sculpture garden, in  the huitieme, it's so beautiful.
13) 13) text: He looks at Serafine. She looks back at him. He holds up  "The Kiss".
13) 16) dialog: What, sculpting?
13) 17) text: He shakes his head "no" and moves towards her. They kiss  tenderly. They separate and share a deep, passionate look They kiss again, hungrily, falling into a passionate embr They're really going for it. Her NAILS dig into his back. pulls her body into his until they look like one form - j like Rodin's sculpture. APPLAUSE and CHEERS break the moment. A TOURIST BOAT is  gliding by on the Seine, it's ELDERLY PASSENGERS applaudi the young couple. Serafine pulls away, blushing a little, and turns to the boat. ANDY doesn't even notice the boat. He's staring at Sera fine with a scary kind of intensity. She starts to say something but he starts kissing her aga cutting her off. Suddenly he's out of control, pawing at her... It takes a effort for her to pull back from him.
13) 18) dialog: Hey, calm down a second...
13) 20) dialog: What's wrong with you!?
13) 24) dialog: God, look at my lipstick. Look, I'm  going to run into the bathroom at  that cafe. Stay here and watch the  stuff, okay?
13) 27) dialog: I'll be right back. Stay put.
14) 0) text: Serafine puts her "telecarte" into the pay phone and dial She looks anxious, upset. We hear the phone ringing at th other end. Behind her, Andy comes into the cafe. He walks to her, pissed off.
14) 2) dialog: Professor Roussel. There's something  wrong with you. I know it.
14) 5) dialog: Andy, stop! I think he can help you - (Claude picks up)
14) 8) text: He turns and storms out of the cafe. Serafine's flustered
14) 9) dialog: Andy!
14) 11) dialog: (French) Claude, it's Andy, he's acting really  weird, I think something happened  last night...
14) 14) dialog: Fuck!
16) 0) text: Music cue: "Wolf Call" by Elvis Presley. Andy pays for a  crepe at one of the roadside stands, and eats it as he wa along the narrow sidewalk, still brooding about Serafine. stops to gawk at the PRETTY GIRLS that pass by, and bumps into a young FRENCH TOUGH with a ROTTWEILER.
17) 0) text: Serafine unlocks the door and enters the apartment. She's stopped cold by what she sees. The place has been totally ransacked - drawers opened, shelves cleared, furniture  overturned, the works. The window is open.
17) 1) dialog: Merde! Salots!
17) 3) dialog: Aaaaah!
18) 0) text: Across the street from the apartment building, GASTON pau to light a cigarette. He hears Serafine's distant scream, looks towards the building, and walks away.
22) 4) dialog: (anxious, concerned) Are you okay?
22) 6) dialog: Where did you go last night? What  did you do?
22) 8) dialog: Listen, I'm coming over. Don't go  anywhere. Stay right there.
26) 0) text: The door opens, Serafine enters and runs to the machine.
26) 2) text: Serafine snatches the phone off the receiver just as Andy hangs up. She gets a dial tone. She's very upset.
26) 3) dialog: Merde!
31) 2) text: Andy's eyes come to rest on the end table drawer, where  Serafine had put the gun before... He advances toward it.
31) 8) dialog: Looking for this?
31) 9) text: Gaston turns and sees Serafine aiming the gun at him. Wit incredible speed he leaps for the window as Serafine fire BANG!! The bullet catches him in the arm as he dives thro the glass. BANG!! She fires again and misses. Gaston lands in the courtyard, three stories below, and r off with a slight limp. BANG! BANG! Serafine fires blindl into the courtyard after him, overwrought with anger. And puts a hand to her arm, and she lowers the gun. They embr tightly, desperately. Serafine can't keep from crying. An comforts her.
31) 12) dialog: Andy, I thought... I heard your  message and... thank God you're  alright.
31) 15) dialog: I know. He told me.
31) 21) dialog: Andy! No!
31) 27) dialog: Because, Andy. It's a cure.
31) 34) text: Andy and Serafine share a heavy look. He hands her the gu
31) 35) dialog: Andy... I should never have let you  go underground. I'm sorry...
36) 0) text: Andy and Serafine walk down the corridor of the Terminal  Ward. Andy looks determined. Serafine looks upset.
36) 1) dialog: What makes you so sure this will  work?
36) 3) dialog: I don't know...
36) 5) dialog: I suppose you're right. But I still  don't like it.
37) 0) text: Andy is beside himself with stress. He shakes Terrence's a little to rouse him. Nothing. He tries a little harder  shake... The door opens. It's Serafine, also in a panic.
37) 1) dialog: They're coming!
37) 4) dialog: (feigning hysterics) Stay away from him! You butchers!  Haven't you done enough already!
38) 0) text: Andy can hear Serafine arguing outside the door. He looks out the window to the three story drop into the alley bel
39) 25) text: Another zap. The undead Terrence twists his face in pain. the background, Serafine appears at the mouth of the alle Terrence croaks out a few last words.
39) 27) text: Andy turns towards Serafine, then back to his uncle, but  Terrence is gone.
40) 3) dialog: I didn't know he had a wine cellar.
40) 6) dialog: Oh shit! He must have heard us.
40) 9) text: They run to Serafine's Vespa - the tires are slashed. Enr she kicks it over.
40) 10) dialog: That bastard! Fuck!
40) 13) text: Serafine hops on the back and they burn rubber down the s after Gaston. Music cue: CCR's "Bad Moon on the Rise". Th screech around the corner onto
40) 15) dialog: Oh merde!
40) 17) dialog: Are you crazy!?
40) 23) dialog: pulls her pistol out. Both bikes roar through another red light. A POLICE CAR pulls out onto the boulevard and turns on it flashing lights and siren and pursues the bikes. The traf lights turn green. Gaston leads by fifty yards. The cop car pulls alongside  Andy and Serafine. She discreetly pockets her gun. The CO in the passenger seat aims his gun at Andy.
40) 28) text: Andy and Serafine put up their hands. The first cop goes  back to check the police radio, which is beeping. The sec cop keeps his gun aimed at Andy's head. He's furious.
40) 30) dialog: (French) Moron! The guy ahead of us has a  gun! He's the one you should stop!
40) 32) dialog: He's going to kill people you ignorant  shithead!
40) 34) text: Serafine curses again. Andy tries to calm her down. The  arguing escalates... In the car, the first cop is talking the radio.
40) 44) text: Serafine smiles at the second cop. Andy peels out, races  through the red light and disappears down the boulevard. cops watch them go, then turn to each other. The second c is apoplectic - about to explode.
43) 6) dialog: Wait a second...
43) 7) text: She pulls out her gun. BLAM! BLAM! She blasts the gas tan WOOF! The bike goes up in a fireball. Serafine nods,  satisfied. Andy looks at her like she's nuts. They rush i the courtyard.
43) 11) dialog: Dirty bastard...
43) 12) text: Serafine fires again - BANG! The shot misses as Gaston hi the deck and draws his gun in one very fast motion, takin aim at Andy who's rushing towards him.
43) 14) text: Andy stops, Gaston's gun aimed at his chest. Serafine ste slowly towards Gaston, her gun aimed at him.
43) 17) text: Serafine stops. The three of them stand there in a close  triangle, the metal cylinder on the floor between them. I a Mexican standoff... in Paris. Then...
43) 19) text: Claude is in the doorway holding a pistol. Serafine sees and turns back to Gaston, smiling.
43) 20) dialog: (to Gaston) You heard him. Do it!
43) 21) text: Gaston just smiles back at her. Claude steps forwards and cocks his gun against Serafine's head.
43) 23) text: Serafine's expression turns confused, horrified. Andy is  shocked. She drops the gun. Claude picks it up and pocket it, keeping his gun on Serafine, who stares at him, aghas
43) 26) text: Andy and Serafine react with confusion to Gaston's outbur Claude picks up the metal cylinder and unscrews its cap w his free hand. He slides out a vial filled with amber flu and holds it to up to the light. He smiles.
43) 28) dialog: You fucking liar!
43) 32) text: Serafine's been doing a slow burn. She explodes and lunge at Claude, knocking his gun out of his hand.
43) 33) dialog: Fucking traitor!
43) 34) text: She picks Claude up and hurls him across the room. CRASH! Claude smashes into a rack of wine bottles. Serafine jump after him and dives on top of him pummeling him in a blin rage. Andy looks at her, agog.
43) 38) text: He cocks the gun. Andy lets go of Claude's gun. Gaston pi it up and aims one gun at Andy and the other at Serafine, who's wrestling with Claude. Claude throws her off and sh lands on her butt next to Andy. Andy looks at Serafine.
43) 40) dialog: (stammering) I... I didn't think you would... I'm  sorry... I believed that son-of-a- bitch...
43) 41) text: Claude gets to his feet, drenched with wine and smarting  from Serafine's punches. He walks over to Serafine and ki her in the face.
43) 57) text: Andy and Serafine put up their hands. Gaston brandishes h guns at the cops, then sees the six guns aimed at him and drops it. LeDuc walks in.
43) 66) text: Claude frowns. Gaston swears. Andy looks at Serafine, sho and confused. She looks back at him, angry and sad.
45) 0) text: Serafine hangs her head sullenly, in a quiet rage. She wo meet Andy's gaze. He looks over at Claude and Gaston. Gas is restless, edgy. He grabs Claude by the collar and shak him.
45) 5) text: Andy looks back at Serafine. He shakes his head in disbel
45) 7) text: Serafine stares bitterly at her feet.
45) 8) dialog: I hope they fucking fry us all.
45) 19) text: Claude takes a folded PAPER CUP from his jacket pocket. H blows into the cup to bring it back into shape. He then t a SHARPENED STEEL TUBE from his pocket, plunges it into  Gaston's neck, and fills the cup with the blood that pour forth. Andy and Serafine are horrified. Claude puts the c of blood to his lips and pauses.
45) 24) dialog: (French) Holy mother of God...
45) 26) text: Claude rises to his feet, triumphant. He advances towards Andy and Serafine, backing them up against the rear doors the van. He gently traces the outline of Serafine's face  with his werewolf hand. She bristles at his touch.
45) 36) text: The driver freaks out, seeing his partner get his head  crushed. THE PADDY WAGON swerves all over the road. ANDY uses the shotgun barrel to twist open the lock on th van doors. As the vehicle swerves, he drops the barrel ou the door, and falls over. He calls to Serafine.
45) 38) text: She joins him and together they take a run at the back do The doors open a little, but the lock still holds. Finished with the guard, Claude turns and sees what Andy Serafine are up to.
45) 40) text: Andy and Serafine take another run - it works. THE DOORS  bust open, and Andy and Serafine, still handcuffed, go  tumbling out into THE STREET, rolling on the pavement. SCREECH! HONK! Cars swerve to avoid them, just barely. CR A minivan plows into a parked car. Claude watches from th back of the van. He rears his head to the moon and smiles IN THE CAB of the paddy wagon, the driver hears an uneart howl. It's hellish. Without looking away from the road, h points his pistol through the hole in the compartment. He adjusts THE MIRROR to see into the rear compartment - The back doors are hanging open. He steals a look over his  shoulder - Other than Gaston's corpse, it's empty... He  breathes a sigh of relief and turns back to the road as - A HUGE WEREWOLF - Claude fully transformed - bursts throu the windshield and rips into him. THE PADDY WAGON is traveling over the Pont Neuf bridge. A GASOLINE TRUCK approaches from the other direction. The  werewolf leaps off of the hood just as the paddy wagon,  swerving all over the road, hits the gasoline truck head KA-BOOM!! Both vehicles explode in a fireball, smash thro the side wall of the bridge, and plunge into THE RIVER.
46) 10) text: He sees a small crowd of people a little further up the r outside a small bistro. He staggers up to them and pushes his way through. Serafine is there on the ground by the c eyes closed. Kneeling beside her, he turns angrily on the onlookers.
46) 14) text: Andy brushes away the hair from Serafine's face. He feels her neck for a pulse - she has one. But as he takes his h away, he notices a smudge of BASE MAKE-UP has rubbed off his fingers. He looks at the back of Serafine's neck and  sees that the makeup had been covering A SCAR. It bears t unmistakable star shape of the wound Andy inflicted on th werewolf that bit him. Horrified, he stands and backs away a few feet. Serafine  opens her eyes, sees him.
46) 15) dialog: (groggy) Andy?... What? What is it? (she sits up, her  head clearing) Andy... are you okay?
46) 17) dialog: No I.... Andy, you can't be sure.
46) 19) text: Serafine gets to her feet, a little unsteadily at first.
46) 20) dialog: You made me go there. I tried to  stop you! You wouldn't listen!
46) 22) dialog: Shut up! You fucking shut up! What  do you want? Huh? What the hell do  you want?
46) 24) dialog: Here! Come on! Do it! Go ahead.
46) 26) dialog: You know what. Kill me. Cut out my  fucking heart. Go on! Do it!
46) 27) text: Enraged, Andy takes the knife. He and Serafine lock eyes. For a second he's tempted, his blood boiling, heart pound
46) 31) text: Serafine retrieves the knife and chases after him. She ge in front of him and blocks his path. She holds the knife  point to her own chest.
46) 32) dialog: The drug was a lie, but the legend  in the church is true. Ask the undead.
46) 34) dialog: We don't both have to die.
46) 37) dialog: I can't go through another night. I  won't.
46) 41) dialog: We can't stop him. Not now.  Handcuffed, with no kind of weapons.  Please Andy...
46) 44) dialog: I know where he'll go.
46) 46) dialog: Somewhere where there are no police,  and plenty to eat.
48) 0) text: Andy and Serafine emerge from the tunnel, wearing grim,  determined expressions. The party is in full swing - thro beats and sweaty dancing bodies. They walk straight acros the dance floor, pushing their way through the crowd. Amo the variety of freaky types here, no one raises an eyebro at two people in handcuffs. Serafine, who's scanning the room, is approached by a lea clad HIPSTER GUY.
48) 2) text: He goes to kiss her on both cheeks. Without breaking stri she puts her handcuffed hands on his face and shoves, sen him reeling. Serafine points out a gang of four militant skinheads off a corner. Andy nods and smiles.
48) 6) text: Andy and Serafine walk into A SMALL CHAMBER off the main  space. The skinhead signals his mates to come along, slip on some BRASS KNUCKLES, and follows Andy into
48) 12) dialog: (French) All your weapons, on the floor! Now!
49) 0) text: Music cue: "After Midnight (we're gonna let it all hang o Andy's gun is pressed against the chain on Serafine's  handcuffs - BANG! The chain is broken. BANG! She returns favor and his chain is broken. They walk into the DRIPPING, dank tunnel, away from the p which fades away in the background. Each carries a pistol and a flashlight. BEADS OF SWEAT appear on their forehead The tunnel tilts downhill. Heavier DRIPPING. They turn a  corner and... SLAM! Something barrels into them - it's a HYSTERICAL GIR She's about nineteen and splattered with blood. She SCREA uncontrollably. Serafine holds her by the shoulders, tryi to calm her.
49) 2) dialog: Ou!? Ou est le monstre!?
49) 4) text: She's off the deep end, flailing at Serafine, who keeps t to calm her down. There's no time for this. Andy presses gun to her temple. She shuts up and stares at him with wi terror stricken eyes.
49) 10) dialog: No wonder he let her go.
49) 13) dialog: Her boyfriend.
49) 16) text: They hurry down to the landing, shine their light into th passage. The hand is severed, and A BIG RAT is dragging i along with some difficulty. A dozen or other rats munch o scraps of flesh scattered over a grisly mess of blood and body parts. Andy and Serafine stare at it for a moment.  Suddenly Andy looks away.
49) 18) dialog: What?
49) 20) text: A beast HOWL echoes through the tunnels. Serafine shines flashlight on some bloody beast foot/paw prints leading d the stairs. They follow the bloody prints down the stairs and come to ancient ARCHED DOORWAY with a skull set in the arch and a chiseled inscription. Andy points to the inscription.
49) 22) dialog: (reading) "Stop! Beyond this passage lie the  catacombs of Paris: the exclusive  domain of the dead."
49) 28) dialog: After the revolution, the Paris  cemeteries overflowed. They dug up  all the old bodies and brought them  here. Seven million people. Mostly  very poor.
49) 30) dialog: Well, they are French.
49) 34) dialog: Let's go from both ends. We'll cut  him off.
49) 37) dialog: You too.
51) 12) dialog: naked, bleeding from bullet wounds in the chest, shoulder and neck. She lies still. Andy sighs with anguish. He dro to his knees.
51) 16) dialog: Andy...
51) 18) dialog: Do it.
51) 23) text: Andy looks up. Terrence, Marcel, Amy, and a dozen other  mutilated, rotting undead, presumably Serafine's victims, stand in the tunnel, looking on solemnly.
51) 31) dialog: Don't let me die for nothing...
51) 36) text: He rounds the corner and sees Andy hunched over Serafine' body. He keeps walking.