5) 0) text: The grounds of Diana’s family home. Diana sits on a swing attached to a branch of a tree. She’s slowly twisting her round and round, winding the two ropes above her. At her on the grass lie her brothers, Bloggs and David.
5) 1) dialog: (to Diana) You hardly know the little man.
5) 3) dialog: Not much in it.
5) 5) dialog: It’s not like you don’t have other options.
5) 7) dialog: Mind you, who'd want to live in Scotland?
5) 9) dialog: Diana, please stop going round and round and concentrate. This is your future life we’re talking about.
26) 0) text: TRACK into the ward. Six beds, each one surrounded by medical apparatus, each one linked to a respirator, each one hissing and clicking as it pumps away. This sound, a syncopated rhythm of overlapping beats, fills the air. Diana’s brothers, Bloggs and David, sit on either side of Robin’s bed. Robin is laboriously mouthing words. Bloggs struggling to understand. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 23.
26) 1) dialog: Sorry. I’m not being very clever here. Robin tries again. He’s mouthing three words. Bloggs catches the lips-together form of an M.
26) 2) dialog: Mmm. ‘Mum’?
26) 4) dialog: Maybe he wants to see his mum.
26) 7) dialog: Eh. Me. Aye.
26) 9) dialog: Or ‘let’?
26) 11) dialog: He is lying. Sorry, Robin. You must think we’re awful chumps. Robin mouths again. David suddenly gets it.
26) 13) dialog: Let me die.
27) 0) text: Diana walks through Oxford lanes with her brothers Bloggs and David. Students rattle past on bikes, dodging them as they go. Diana is putting on a good face, refusing to be sorry for herself.
27) 1) dialog: Diana, darling. How can we help?
27) 3) dialog: How are you off for money?
27) 7) dialog: What he said was, ‘Let me die’. Diana meets Bloggs’s eyes. Giving nothing away.
27) 11) dialog: Makes no odds, really. I had a sort of a word with the Consultant. He wouldn't hear of it. 4l Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 25.
27) 13) dialog: He said it’s not a good way to go. Several minutes of agony.
27) 15) dialog: Of course not.
27) 17) dialog: You are allowed to think of yourself.
35) 0) text: Bloggs and David stagger down the stairs with a bed.
35) 1) dialog: No, you halfwit! Up! I said up!
35) 3) dialog: Lift your end UP to get the bloody thing DOWN! Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 37. They manoeuvre the bed into the study.
35) 4) dialog: Left! LEFT!
35) 6) dialog: Then go right! They get the bed into the study.
35) 7) dialog: Further over. We have to leave room for Robin’s bed. Once it’s in place, they both sit down on it, side by sid and mop their brows. Through the French windows little Jonathan can be seen ou the garden with Tid. He’s playing with a terrier puppy, BENJY.
35) 9) dialog: Yes.
35) 11) dialog: That’s what she wants.
35) 13) dialog: No nurse. Just Diana.
39) 0) text: Benjy on a lead held by Tid, with little Jonathan by her side. Beside them, Colin Campbell, Bloggs Blacker and Har Tennyson. A welcome committee for the ambulance as it pul up to Furlongs. The ambulance men roll Robin out of the ambulance. Benjy yaps. Jonathan watches eagerly.
39) 1) dialog: How’s Robin coping?
40) 3) dialog: It actually works?
40) 9) dialog: You work it with a hand pump.
41) 0) text: A pale blue Mercedes convertible sweeps across the lawn i front of the house. IN CAR - The driver is a big genial eccentric, TEDDY HALL On the passenger seat beside him in a cardboard box six bottles of wine rattle and clink. INT. ROBIN’S BEDROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 69 Teddy Hall works a corkscrew into a bottle of wine. Colin Campbell lights two candles on a birthday cake. There’s a small party happening round Robin’s bed. Diana has little Jonathan on her lap in his best clothes, while Tid looks Friends from Kenya are here: Mary Dawnay and Katherine Baring. And of course Bloggs and David Blacker.
41) 2) dialog: Looks like a good drop, Teddy.
41) 14) dialog: Interesting experiment, Teddy. Of course, Robin would die. But you’d probably be able to improve the machine. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 46.
41) 19) dialog: It is his job.
41) 26) dialog: He makes this noise, like a duck. He makes a quacking sound.
41) 30) dialog: You can move your head. I’ve seen you do it. Teddy holds his palms on either side of Robin’s head.
44) 0) text: The French windows to Robin’s room are wide open. To the sound of the Grand March, out comes a strange procession. It's led by Robin, seated in a home-made WHEELCHAIR with battery-operated pump. Teddy Hall pushes the chair. Diana walks alongside, watching closely to see that Robin's breathing tube stays in, and that the pump keeps pumping. It makes a gentler sound than the static respirator. Tid and Jonathan and Benjy follow behind. On the terrace a small crowd of friends applaud: Bloggs a David, Colin Campbell, Mary Dawnay, Katherine Baring, Har Tennyson. ON ROBIN - Looking a little alarmed at being lurched abou but thrilled to bits. The procession marches round the terrace to the stirring sound of Verdi’s trumpets, and comes to a stop in the mid of the crowd of smiling friends.
44) 9) dialog: How long will the battery last?
53) 0) text: Some years have passed. It’s now 1970. A crowd of friends fills the garden. JONATHAN, NOW TEN YEARS OLD, is playing cricket in the field beside the garden with a mix of his friends and older guests. A ring of small girls holds a dolls’ tea party, watched by Tid. Bloggs Blacker is by the terrace table, hacking at a ham, 84
53) 4) dialog: He’s amazing, isn’t he? Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 Teddy Hall's looking at Diana.
53) 20) dialog: Look at Robin now. They both look. Robin has four pretty women round him now
53) 21) dialog: How does he do it? 86 87 Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 62. BY ROBIN IN HIS WHEELCHAIR - One of the pretty women, PAM HARRIS, confiding in him.
54) 0) text: The front wheels of the van riding up a long ramp. PULL OUT TO DISCOVER the cargo hold of a front-opening transport plane, as the Bedford van disappears into its belly. IN THE VAN - Diana at the wheel. Robin beside her in his wheelchair. Behind them, Jonathan and Bloggs.
56) 0) text: Inside the Bedford van, in the hold of the cargo plane: everything is juddering, the engine noise is unbearable, there they are, Robin, Diana, Jonathan, grinning at each other like fools. Only Bloggs shows signs of nervousness, staring out of the van window. BLOGGS’S POV - Three race horses staring back at him from their horse boxes. 91 Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 65.
57) 6) dialog: I see it.
57) 8) dialog: Oh, yes. I see. He fumbles about in the shadowy space between the seats.
57) 9) dialog: Second socket. Got it. He inserts the plug. BANG! The car swerves and lurches. Black smoke streams fr the respirator motor. The pump stops.
57) 11) dialog: God! God! What happened? Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 66. Diana steers the van up onto the verge, pulls on the brak and turns to the respirator. The van’s filling up with black smoke. Diana fumbles for the hand pump. Bloggs thro open the door. Diana starts to hand-pump. Robin breathes once more. Diana is badly frightened.
57) 13) dialog: What did I do?
57) 18) dialog: Do you know how to fix it? She gets the motor open: it’s melted.
57) 20) dialog: I’m sorry. I just don’t know what I did. A SPANISH MOTORIST has pulled up to help.
57) 24) dialog: We need a mechanic.
57) 30) dialog: In England?
57) 32) dialog: Wait for him to fly out from England?
58) 0) text: Diana, Bloggs and Jonathan sit round Robin in his wheelchair sharing a picnic supper. Jonathan is taking hi turn on the hand pump. The others drink wine straight fro the bottle.
58) 2) dialog: You okay there, Jonathan?
58) 4) dialog: (to Diana) What’s the plan for the night?
58) 10) dialog: El camping. The English are famous for not wanting to stray far from their cars. Diana feeds Robin wine through a straw, catching the dribbles with a handkerchief. Jonathan pumps away, watchi his father silhouetted against the evening sky. Robin’s eyes move to rest on Jonathan kneeling by his chair, keeping him alive. He smiles, and Jonathan smiles back.
59) 0) text: Moonlight over the road and van. The sound of the hand pump in action. IN THE VAN - Jonathan asleep, prone on the back seat. Bloggs upright, eyelids drooping. Diana in the driver's seat, pumping away, very weary. Robin asleep in his wheelchair. Diana’s head droops, and she slips into sleep. The pump stops. Bloggs fails to notice. Robin’s eyes open. He makes his clicking noise. No one he More clicking. No response. Seconds pass. He closes his eyes. Seconds pass. Bloggs emits a sudden snore. Diana wakes.
61) 0) text: DRIVER'S POV - Approaching down the road. A big crowd camped on the verge ahead, by the light of kerosene lanterns. It looks like some kind of outdoor religious festival. Closer, we make out dozens of cars lining the road. The crowd can now be seen to be centred on a trio of singing GUITARISTS. They play with great seriousness, and sing ve beautifully. The approaching car cruises to a stop close to the gathering. In the heart of the crowd, Robin sits in his wheelchair listening to the singers, blissfully happy. Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 70A. Beside him sits Diana, her hand holding his hand, also happier than she’s been in years. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 71. Behind her, Jonathan leans over them, his chin on her shoulder. Bloggs kneels by Robin’s chair, pumping away.
61) 5) dialog: My fault, I’m afraid.
61) 13) dialog: Thank Christ for that! The crowd starts to applaud. The applause spreads, turns cheers. Diana watches, smiling with relief. Teddy looks round, grumpy but touched.
66) 0) text: Bloggs is at reception, filling in forms. Diana, Colin Campbell, Clement Aitken and Harry Tennyson stand round R in his wheelchair. The GERMAN RECEPTIONIST keeps glancing Robin.
66) 1) dialog: There. All done.
66) 3) dialog: You're quite right. No. Beaming, he takes the room keys. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 80.
66) 5) dialog: Of course I did. What do you take me for?
67) 0) text: Robin’s wheelchair jammed in the doorway to the bedroom. Bloggs, Harry and Colin all trying to force it through, watched by Clement Aitken and Diana.
67) 2) dialog: One more heave.
67) 4) dialog: Nobody told me I was supposed to Measure doorways.
67) 7) dialog: Shh! They’1ll catch us.
70) 0) text: The hall is packed with delegates. A banner reads: MANAGI THE LIVES OF THE SEVERELY DISABLED. Bloggs, Harry and Col have side seats. Dr Langdorf is near the front. Clement Aitken is at the podium, the conference Chairman one side.
76) 0) text: WIDE - The house and garden are overflowing with hundreds Robin’s friends. Beyond the garden, above the intervening trees, rises the square tower of the village church. Robin lies in his bed, which has been brought out onto th terrace, where he’s surrounded as always by young women. atmosphere is noisy and cheerful. Several of the guests a other responauts in Cavendish chairs with their carers, including Paddy with his carer, now wife, Nurse Margaret. A queue of people are lined up to speak to Robin. Bloggs and David Blacker look on.
76) 1) dialog: You know he’s telling everyone this is a leaving party?
76) 34) dialog: Robin, are we to take this seriously?
76) 38) dialog: Then we’d like to do it our way. He and David form up side by side. They come to attention salute, and start to sing.
76) 39) dialog: Goodbye-ee, goodbye-ee Wipe the tear, baby dear, from your eye-ee Though it’s hard to part, I know - On Robin, mouthing the next line with them -
76) 40) dialog: I'll be tickled to death to go - The crowd of friends round Robin listens, laughs. Tears glisten in eyes.
76) 41) dialog: Don’t cry-ee, don’t sigh-ee There’s a silver lining in the sky- ee - They begin a synchronised march away, singing as they go Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 98.
76) 42) dialog: Bonsoir old thing, cheerio chin- chin Na-poo, toodle-oo, goodbye-ee. Their march takes them into the shrubbery, out of sight. they come to a stop, and standing side by side, not looki at each other, they let the tears come. 141 INT. ROBIN’S ROOM, FURLONGS - NIGHT 141 Colin sits by Robin’s bed, his head in his hands, listeni to Robin.