0) 2) dialog: Not a chance.
0) 4) dialog: She’s a famous heart-breaker. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 2.
0) 6) dialog: I know her brothers. A glance towards two young men watching the cricket, identical twins BLOGGS and DAVID BLACKER. They too are watching Diana, amused by Tommy’s utter failure to attrac Diana’s attention. They’re mimicking the way his hand fid with his hat. Robin’s gaze turns from the twins back to Diana. The soun of a wicket being taken, and the clapping of the spectators.
0) 8) dialog: No one’s ever got near. Martin proposed twice.
0) 10) dialog: And I’m sure you'd be very happy together, Robin.
9) 0) text: Robin and Diana are out walking in the bush with their friends COLIN CAMPBELL, Dr DON MCQUEEN, MARY DAWNAY and KATHERINE BARING, all young people of their own age. They're on the lookout for wild animals. Both Robin and C carry guns. The women walk behind. Robin is entranced by immense view.
9) 9) dialog: I can’t see it myself. It’s alla mystery to me.
9) 20) dialog: What? I don’t hear a thing.
9) 23) dialog: Watch out, Robin. Africa does funny things to people. (To Diana) Has he started talking to God?
9) 31) dialog: Quite right. Thats a sensible woman you've got there, Robin. Don’t lose her.
13) 0) text: Robin is playing tennis with Colin Campbell. He’s losing. Colin serves. Robin’s return hits the net.
13) 1) dialog: Game! He throws his racket high into the air, whooping with triumph.
13) 3) dialog: First game I’ve had off you in my life. How about one more?
13) 5) dialog: God, that feels good! So this is what it’s been like to be you all these years. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 14.
13) 14) dialog: I’ve got it. It’s easy! Look at this! Robin! I’m doing it! Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 15. Robin turns to look, smiling. He feels his left arm with his right hand.
14) 0) text: A plainly-furnished ADC’s bedroom. Robin sits on the bed pyjamas, feeling one arm. Sweat on his brow. He gets up and goes out into the passage. Knocks on a doo Colin Campbell appears in the doorway, woken from sleep.
14) 2) dialog: You look ghastly.
15) 0) text: Robin lies on a hospital bed surrounded by medical staff. Dr Don McQueen is running checks. Colin Campbell looks on from behind. Robin is now shivering with fever.
17) 0) text: Don McQueen stands at a chart showing a cutaway view of t body, explaining to Diana and Colin Campbell what has happened. Diana, very pregnant, sits on a chair.
17) 4) dialog: Does it affect his brain?
19) 0) text: The Governor, Evelyn Baring, and Colin Campbell, look on silence as Molly Baring sits with Diana, holding her hand
39) 0) text: Benjy on a lead held by Tid, with little Jonathan by her side. Beside them, Colin Campbell, Bloggs Blacker and Har Tennyson. A welcome committee for the ambulance as it pul up to Furlongs. The ambulance men roll Robin out of the ambulance. Benjy yaps. Jonathan watches eagerly.
40) 8) dialog: What happens if there’s a power cut?
41) 0) text: A pale blue Mercedes convertible sweeps across the lawn i front of the house. IN CAR - The driver is a big genial eccentric, TEDDY HALL On the passenger seat beside him in a cardboard box six bottles of wine rattle and clink. INT. ROBIN’S BEDROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 69 Teddy Hall works a corkscrew into a bottle of wine. Colin Campbell lights two candles on a birthday cake. There’s a small party happening round Robin’s bed. Diana has little Jonathan on her lap in his best clothes, while Tid looks Friends from Kenya are here: Mary Dawnay and Katherine Baring. And of course Bloggs and David Blacker.
44) 0) text: The French windows to Robin’s room are wide open. To the sound of the Grand March, out comes a strange procession. It's led by Robin, seated in a home-made WHEELCHAIR with battery-operated pump. Teddy Hall pushes the chair. Diana walks alongside, watching closely to see that Robin's breathing tube stays in, and that the pump keeps pumping. It makes a gentler sound than the static respirator. Tid and Jonathan and Benjy follow behind. On the terrace a small crowd of friends applaud: Bloggs a David, Colin Campbell, Mary Dawnay, Katherine Baring, Har Tennyson. ON ROBIN - Looking a little alarmed at being lurched abou but thrilled to bits. The procession marches round the terrace to the stirring sound of Verdi’s trumpets, and comes to a stop in the mid of the crowd of smiling friends.
44) 1) dialog: There’1l be no stopping him now. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 50.
66) 0) text: Bloggs is at reception, filling in forms. Diana, Colin Campbell, Clement Aitken and Harry Tennyson stand round R in his wheelchair. The GERMAN RECEPTIONIST keeps glancing Robin.
66) 4) dialog: You did check we'd be able to get the wheelchair in, didn’t you, Bloggs?
67) 5) dialog: Half an inch is all we need.
67) 12) dialog: Quick. Close the door before anyone finds out. The door closes behind them. From within comes another bu of laughter.
74) 0) text: Colin Campbell has just arrived, and is heading into the house. Through the open window to Robin’s room he hears Robin’s voice.
74) 6) dialog: The deceased is very bossy, as usual. Robin’s face lights up at the sight of Colin.
74) 8) dialog: What’s this about a funeral?
74) 10) dialog: Not for a few years yet, I hope.
74) 12) dialog: No, no. I’m not listening to any of this. We’ve got a bit more life in us than that, you and I.
75) 0) text: Diana is clearing up. Colin Campbell is helping her. 140 Breathe - Buff Revision - 15 July 2016 94.
75) 1) dialog: We must buck him up. Get him out of this morbid frame of mind. Make him see how much his friends need him. Diana works away in silence. Then -
75) 3) dialog: (startled) No. Of course not.
76) 44) dialog: Bloody cricket.
76) 46) dialog: Something I have to say. I want you to know what a difference you've made to my life. It’s not always been easy for me. But every time I come here, I go away stronger. Not because you’re worse off than me. It’s who you are. Or who you’ve turned yourself into. God knows how.
76) 48) dialog: You were always the great player. Cricket. Tennis. Girls. And you’ve had to live your life as a spectator. No more sixes. No more killer serves. No more - He gives a meaningful shrug.
76) 50) dialog: Seriously?
76) 52) dialog: Well, hurrah for that! You really are a bloody miracle, Robin. There you are, stuck in a chair, stuck in bed, but there’s more life in you than anyone I’ve ever known. Bloody hell. I’m going to miss you. 142 INT. ROBIN’S ROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 142 A cricket match on the TV screen. Robin watching the matc He looks weary. His eyes close. The distant sound of Lee Marvin singing ‘Wand’ring Star’ - 143 144 145 Breathe - Cherry Revision - 28 July 2016 99.