29) 0) text: Diana sits on a rug in this open quadrangle, an area of b grass, watching over baby Jonathan as he wriggles on his tummy beside her. Tid is pouring cups of tea for them fro Thermos flask. Diana’s face is turned away from us. Baby Jonathan manages a short burst of crawling.
39) 0) text: Benjy on a lead held by Tid, with little Jonathan by her side. Beside them, Colin Campbell, Bloggs Blacker and Har Tennyson. A welcome committee for the ambulance as it pul up to Furlongs. The ambulance men roll Robin out of the ambulance. Benjy yaps. Jonathan watches eagerly.
41) 0) text: A pale blue Mercedes convertible sweeps across the lawn i front of the house. IN CAR - The driver is a big genial eccentric, TEDDY HALL On the passenger seat beside him in a cardboard box six bottles of wine rattle and clink. INT. ROBIN’S BEDROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 69 Teddy Hall works a corkscrew into a bottle of wine. Colin Campbell lights two candles on a birthday cake. There’s a small party happening round Robin’s bed. Diana has little Jonathan on her lap in his best clothes, while Tid looks Friends from Kenya are here: Mary Dawnay and Katherine Baring. And of course Bloggs and David Blacker.
42) 0) text: Little Jonathan races round and round the lawn, chased by Benjy. Tid sits on a garden chair reading a detective novel. Jonathan’s push chair stands empty beside her. Jonathan charges up to the French windows to Robin’s room and presses his face to the window panes. He bangs on the glass. INT. ROBIN’S ROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 72 Jonathan’s cheery little face outside the window, smiling and banging. The eternal wheeze and clank of the respirator. Robin is in bed, studying stock prices, the Financial Tim open on a rack before him. A heap of old copies of the Financial Times lies on the floor. He hears Jonathan banging and smiles for him. Then he winces. He moves his head. We now see Teddy Hall’s apparatus fixed to the bedhead enables him to sound a bel Diana appears. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 48.
44) 0) text: The French windows to Robin’s room are wide open. To the sound of the Grand March, out comes a strange procession. It's led by Robin, seated in a home-made WHEELCHAIR with battery-operated pump. Teddy Hall pushes the chair. Diana walks alongside, watching closely to see that Robin's breathing tube stays in, and that the pump keeps pumping. It makes a gentler sound than the static respirator. Tid and Jonathan and Benjy follow behind. On the terrace a small crowd of friends applaud: Bloggs a David, Colin Campbell, Mary Dawnay, Katherine Baring, Har Tennyson. ON ROBIN - Looking a little alarmed at being lurched abou but thrilled to bits. The procession marches round the terrace to the stirring sound of Verdi’s trumpets, and comes to a stop in the mid of the crowd of smiling friends.
47) 0) text: JONATHAN'S POV - MOVING THROUGH sun-dappled bushes in the depths of the garden towards a light-filled gap - and there, across the wide lawn, sits Robin on the terrace in his wheelchair, Benjy curled up on his lap. Beside him si Tid, reading her book. LITTLE JONATHAN, now aged 5, is exploring the fringe of t pond. The phone rings: an amplified external ringer. Jonathan w at his father.
47) 8) dialog: Sorry, Daddy.
47) 11) dialog: Don’t want you hurt. The little boy reaches out one hand and strokes his father’s face. He’s imitating what he’s seen his mother d so many times. Robin smiles, very touched.
48) 11) dialog: Look! I found Daddy! CLOSE SHOTS of black-and-white photographs in an album: pictures of Robin in uniform, surrounded by friends from regiment, the Greenjackets. Diana goes to look at the album.
48) 13) dialog: Daddy’s a soldier! He turns the page. Now the photographs show Diana and Rob in Kenya, surrounded by elephants.
48) 16) dialog: Wow! Elephants! You saw elephants! ON DIANA - Finding it painful to look at the pictures. Sh looks up and meets Robin’s eyes.
48) 17) dialog: You were luck-ee-ee. He settles down on the floor, absorbed by the photographs Diana leaves Jonathan looking at the album, and returns t Robin. She’s smiling but she has tears in her eyes. She b down to kiss him. Her tears slightly moisten his cheek. S brushes the wetness from his face.
48) 18) dialog: I wish I could go to Africa.
49) 1) dialog: Can we go to Africa, Daddy?
49) 3) dialog: I could push you.
49) 5) dialog: I don’t mind. Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 56A.
50) 0) text: Diana carries the tea tray in. Jonathan goes for the cake once. As Diana pours tea for herself and Robin -
52) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE - Down the road comes the Bedford van. IN THE VAN - Diana driving. And beside her, in the passenger seat space, Robin in his wheelchair. The slidin door is open beside him, the wind blowing in his hair. Jonathan sits behind with Benjy. The respirator hisses away, drawing its power from the car battery. Robin loves the open spaces, the wind, the freedom. He starts to sing in his croaky voice -—
52) 2) dialog: I was bo-orn... Under a wand’rin’ star... A wand’rin’, wand’rin’ star... CRANE UP to see the road and a wide view of the surroundi countryside as the Bedford van drives on.
53) 0) text: Some years have passed. It’s now 1970. A crowd of friends fills the garden. JONATHAN, NOW TEN YEARS OLD, is playing cricket in the field beside the garden with a mix of his friends and older guests. A ring of small girls holds a dolls’ tea party, watched by Tid. Bloggs Blacker is by the terrace table, hacking at a ham, 84
53) 29) dialog: Dad! You see that? Robin is gazing at him, full of pride. Diana, sitting bes Robin, shares the proud moment: her hand applauds, clappi softly on Robins’ hand, as if they’re clapping together.
54) 0) text: The front wheels of the van riding up a long ramp. PULL OUT TO DISCOVER the cargo hold of a front-opening transport plane, as the Bedford van disappears into its belly. IN THE VAN - Diana at the wheel. Robin beside her in his wheelchair. Behind them, Jonathan and Bloggs.
56) 0) text: Inside the Bedford van, in the hold of the cargo plane: everything is juddering, the engine noise is unbearable, there they are, Robin, Diana, Jonathan, grinning at each other like fools. Only Bloggs shows signs of nervousness, staring out of the van window. BLOGGS’S POV - Three race horses staring back at him from their horse boxes. 91 Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 65.
58) 0) text: Diana, Bloggs and Jonathan sit round Robin in his wheelchair sharing a picnic supper. Jonathan is taking hi turn on the hand pump. The others drink wine straight fro the bottle.
58) 3) dialog: Yes, I’m fine. It’s quite easy, really.
58) 8) dialog: I’m okay. Really. A few cars go by, their headlights sweeping the little group by the van.
59) 0) text: Moonlight over the road and van. The sound of the hand pump in action. IN THE VAN - Jonathan asleep, prone on the back seat. Bloggs upright, eyelids drooping. Diana in the driver's seat, pumping away, very weary. Robin asleep in his wheelchair. Diana’s head droops, and she slips into sleep. The pump stops. Bloggs fails to notice. Robin’s eyes open. He makes his clicking noise. No one he More clicking. No response. Seconds pass. He closes his eyes. Seconds pass. Bloggs emits a sudden snore. Diana wakes.
60) 0) text: A small CROWD OF LOCALS has gathered round the van. Three cars are now pulled up on the verge beyond. The locals ha turned out with food, wine, sunshades, folding chairs, an a radio that plays cheerful pop music. Among the group is PRIEST. He has no English, so his remarks are translated a friendly local SPANISH WOMAN. In the midst of the festivity Robin sits under an awning, being fed by Diana and pumped by Jonathan.
61) 0) text: DRIVER'S POV - Approaching down the road. A big crowd camped on the verge ahead, by the light of kerosene lanterns. It looks like some kind of outdoor religious festival. Closer, we make out dozens of cars lining the road. The crowd can now be seen to be centred on a trio of singing GUITARISTS. They play with great seriousness, and sing ve beautifully. The approaching car cruises to a stop close to the gathering. In the heart of the crowd, Robin sits in his wheelchair listening to the singers, blissfully happy. Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 70A. Beside him sits Diana, her hand holding his hand, also happier than she’s been in years. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 71. Behind her, Jonathan leans over them, his chin on her shoulder. Bloggs kneels by Robin’s chair, pumping away.
70) 38) dialog: Hello, Dad. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 87A.
70) 40) dialog: Who was that? 132 133 Breathe - Salmon Revision - 26 July 2016 88.
71) 0) text: Jonathan stands in the kitchen as Diana prepares lunch.
71) 2) dialog: How is he apart from that?
71) 4) dialog: How about you? She looks up at him. She too looks so tired.
71) 5) dialog: I don’t know how you've done it, Mum. All these years.
72) 0) text: Jonathan pushes Robin down a frosty path.
72) 1) dialog: How are you, Dad? Breathe - Salmon Revision - 26 July 2016 89.
72) 3) dialog: Mum is worried about you.
72) 5) dialog: You don’t need to worry about Mum. She’s stronger than anyone I know.
72) 7) dialog: Oh, I’m all right.
72) 9) dialog: What? You’ve done loads for me, Dad. You’ve always been here. Breathe - Salmon Revision - 26 July 2016 89A.
72) 11) dialog: Always listened to me. Always wanted to know what I’m doing. Never put me under any pressure. Always made life fun for me. I couldn’t have asked for a better dad.
73) 1) text: A slow-moving procession through the trees: Robin in his wheelchair, Jonathan pushing him, Diana following behind. An echo of the earlier scene when Jonathan as a child rac along beside the wheelchair. Times have changed. They go slowly now. Jonathan pushes Robin out into the open and turns him to gaze out over the view. Diana joins them. ON ROBIN - Looking at the view.
76) 22) dialog: What have you got there, Teddy? With a flourish Teddy holds up his bottle of claret.
76) 27) dialog: Here, Dad.
76) 29) dialog: Of course, Dad.
76) 31) dialog: It’s okay, Dad.
77) 0) text: Jonathan drinking coffee in the kitchen with Diana.
77) 1) dialog: Dad’s Mau-Mau thing isn’t working. It’s like a bad joke. How does a paralysed man commit suicide? He’s been telling everyone he’ll be gone by the end of the summer. I mean, it’s a matter of pride. He starts to laugh. Then the laugh stops.
77) 2) dialog: Oh, hell.
77) 4) dialog: No. I wish he would. It would be something -— He looks away, afraid of revealing too much.
77) 5) dialog: - something I could give him. 100. 146 147
77) 36) dialog: Yes. Diana takes Jonathan’s hand in hers.
77) 40) dialog: Tell us what you want us to do, Dad.
77) 42) dialog: Twelve noon. Okay. Beat.
78) 0) text: The clock on the church’s square timber-clad tower says twenty-five to twelve. Diana and Jonathan walk past the church to the pub. They walk in silence. A red car passes, driving fast towards Furlongs.
78) 2) dialog: Mum -
78) 5) dialog: Nothing for me, thanks. Mum? Diana shakes her head.
78) 7) dialog: It's okay. We’re just leaving. The red car comes past them down the road, driving away f Furlongs. A glimpse of the driver: Clement Aitken, lookin strained.
79) 5) dialog: Bye, Dad. I love you. Robin gazes long into Jonathan's eyes.