9) 0) text: Robin and Diana are out walking in the bush with their friends COLIN CAMPBELL, Dr DON MCQUEEN, MARY DAWNAY and KATHERINE BARING, all young people of their own age. They're on the lookout for wild animals. Both Robin and C carry guns. The women walk behind. Robin is entranced by immense view.
9) 5) dialog: My God! That’s almost indecent.
9) 7) dialog: God gave men jobs to do so women could get a little time to themselves.
9) 11) dialog: Oh we’d all like to know that.
9) 22) dialog: The dusk of creation, you mean.
9) 26) dialog: How can you say that, Don? And you a doctor.
12) 0) text: The wide shaded terrace of a grand colonial building. Katherine Baring and Mary Dawnay dozing in the shade. Dia reading a novel. She’s now very pregnant. Governor EVELYN BARING comes out and stands on the terrac looking towards a distant tennis game.
13) 8) dialog: (swinging away) It’s all in the hips. Robin takes the dropped hoop and steps into it. Diana loo on, smiling.
13) 9) dialog: Robin’1l be a natural. You see. Robin spins the hoop, starts swinging his hips, but he can’t get the knack.
13) 11) dialog: Just imagine you’re jiving. Robin tries again. Diana looks on, smiling, one hand on h bump. Robin staggers slightly as he swings his hips. The hoop drops to the ground again.
41) 0) text: A pale blue Mercedes convertible sweeps across the lawn i front of the house. IN CAR - The driver is a big genial eccentric, TEDDY HALL On the passenger seat beside him in a cardboard box six bottles of wine rattle and clink. INT. ROBIN’S BEDROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 69 Teddy Hall works a corkscrew into a bottle of wine. Colin Campbell lights two candles on a birthday cake. There’s a small party happening round Robin’s bed. Diana has little Jonathan on her lap in his best clothes, while Tid looks Friends from Kenya are here: Mary Dawnay and Katherine Baring. And of course Bloggs and David Blacker.
41) 17) dialog: Do stop it, Teddy.
41) 22) dialog: What about in the night?
44) 0) text: The French windows to Robin’s room are wide open. To the sound of the Grand March, out comes a strange procession. It's led by Robin, seated in a home-made WHEELCHAIR with battery-operated pump. Teddy Hall pushes the chair. Diana walks alongside, watching closely to see that Robin's breathing tube stays in, and that the pump keeps pumping. It makes a gentler sound than the static respirator. Tid and Jonathan and Benjy follow behind. On the terrace a small crowd of friends applaud: Bloggs a David, Colin Campbell, Mary Dawnay, Katherine Baring, Har Tennyson. ON ROBIN - Looking a little alarmed at being lurched abou but thrilled to bits. The procession marches round the terrace to the stirring sound of Verdi’s trumpets, and comes to a stop in the mid of the crowd of smiling friends.
44) 2) dialog: It's terrifying. What if it breaks? Diana and Teddy Hall study the respirator. It still seems to be working.
76) 8) dialog: Is this really serious?
76) 10) dialog: How on earth are you coping?