30) 0) text: ON ROBIN - Seen through a gap in the curtains that surrou his bed. NURSE MARGARET, a smiley friendly young woman, i raising Robin in a hoist, removing a used bedpan, wiping bottom. Diana is on the other side of the curtains, watching ever move. Robin is lowered back onto his bed.
30) 1) dialog: Let’s give you a suck, shall we? She takes the breathing tube out of Robin’s neck and inserts a suction tube. A glugging sound as the fluid in his lungs is drawn out into a container. Diana, watching, holds her breath. The breathing tube is re-inserted, and Robin breathes again. So does Diana. Nurse Margaret makes him tidy.
30) 2) dialog: All comfy now? She pulls the curtains open. Paddy’s eyes follow the Nurs with admiration. Breathe - Pink Revision - 28 June 2016 29. Diana moves forward so that she’s on Robin's eye-line.
34) 3) dialog: How are you, Paddy? Let’s make you comfortable, shall we? Breathe - Pink Revision - 28 June 2016 35. She places a urine bottle for him. He starts to pee. A lo of ecstasy on his face.
34) 8) dialog: I don’t see why not. It’s just like a Hoover, really. Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 35A. Diana watches as Nurse Margaret switches off the respirat pump, removes the breathing tube, and inserts the suction tube.
34) 9) dialog: Here, give it a try. Hold it like this. Diana holds the tube. Nurse Margaret switches on the pump The tube gives a jerk, and fluid gloops out. Diana jumps, unnerved.
38) 0) text: A rumbling sound. Double doors open. Diana peeps out to s if the coast is clear. The doors open wide to let ROBIN’S HOSPITAL BED through, pushed by Nurse Margaret. Beside hi rolls the respirator on a trolley, pushed by Dr Khan. Dia walks by the side of the bed, one hand on Robin’s arm. Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 39A. The procession passes through another set of double doors There ahead a grim figure looms into view. Dr Entwistle. Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 40. The bed and the trolley come to a stop under his witherin stare.
65) 7) dialog: Can't get rid of him. Clement Aitken joins the responauts to make a press statement.
76) 0) text: WIDE - The house and garden are overflowing with hundreds Robin’s friends. Beyond the garden, above the intervening trees, rises the square tower of the village church. Robin lies in his bed, which has been brought out onto th terrace, where he’s surrounded as always by young women. atmosphere is noisy and cheerful. Several of the guests a other responauts in Cavendish chairs with their carers, including Paddy with his carer, now wife, Nurse Margaret. A queue of people are lined up to speak to Robin. Bloggs and David Blacker look on.