41) 0) text: A pale blue Mercedes convertible sweeps across the lawn i front of the house. IN CAR - The driver is a big genial eccentric, TEDDY HALL On the passenger seat beside him in a cardboard box six bottles of wine rattle and clink. INT. ROBIN’S BEDROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 69 Teddy Hall works a corkscrew into a bottle of wine. Colin Campbell lights two candles on a birthday cake. There’s a small party happening round Robin’s bed. Diana has little Jonathan on her lap in his best clothes, while Tid looks Friends from Kenya are here: Mary Dawnay and Katherine Baring. And of course Bloggs and David Blacker.
41) 1) dialog: Best claret I’ve got. Spent the war in my air raid shelter. POP! Out comes the cork. Teddy Hall fills the glasses he’ also brought with him. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 45.
41) 3) dialog: It is good. Good wine deserves good glasses. He gives Diana a glass -
41) 4) dialog: For the lovely Diana. And glasses for the others.
41) 5) dialog: Mary. Katherine. Bloggs. David. Tid? Tid shakes her head.
41) 9) dialog: To Jonathan. Happy birthday.
41) 13) dialog: What you have to do with mechanical devices is stress-test them. Find their breaking point.
41) 16) dialog: The weak link is the power supply. Power can fail. Power frequently fails.
41) 18) dialog: Just hypothesising.
41) 29) dialog: What can you move? Robin moves everything that moves: mouth, tongue, eyebrow
41) 31) dialog: Move your head. Robin moves his head. It’s such a small move it’s almost invisible.
41) 32) dialog: I think I can have some fun with that. INT. TEDDY HALL’S WORKSHOP - DAY 70 The large workshop is cluttered with machine tools, parts of clocks, electrical devices, and all sorts of litter. I the midst of all this, Teddy Hall is at work bodging up a padded lever connected to a bell. He’s setting its sensitivity, making it so that a very slight pressure rin the bell.
42) 0) text: Little Jonathan races round and round the lawn, chased by Benjy. Tid sits on a garden chair reading a detective novel. Jonathan’s push chair stands empty beside her. Jonathan charges up to the French windows to Robin’s room and presses his face to the window panes. He bangs on the glass. INT. ROBIN’S ROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 72 Jonathan’s cheery little face outside the window, smiling and banging. The eternal wheeze and clank of the respirator. Robin is in bed, studying stock prices, the Financial Tim open on a rack before him. A heap of old copies of the Financial Times lies on the floor. He hears Jonathan banging and smiles for him. Then he winces. He moves his head. We now see Teddy Hall’s apparatus fixed to the bedhead enables him to sound a bel Diana appears. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 48.
42) 9) dialog: Bugger. CLOSE SHOTS - The motor’s position is adjusted - the chai is tightened. An aircraft seat is bolted on. Wheels for t contraption come off a bicycle.
44) 0) text: The French windows to Robin’s room are wide open. To the sound of the Grand March, out comes a strange procession. It's led by Robin, seated in a home-made WHEELCHAIR with battery-operated pump. Teddy Hall pushes the chair. Diana walks alongside, watching closely to see that Robin's breathing tube stays in, and that the pump keeps pumping. It makes a gentler sound than the static respirator. Tid and Jonathan and Benjy follow behind. On the terrace a small crowd of friends applaud: Bloggs a David, Colin Campbell, Mary Dawnay, Katherine Baring, Har Tennyson. ON ROBIN - Looking a little alarmed at being lurched abou but thrilled to bits. The procession marches round the terrace to the stirring sound of Verdi’s trumpets, and comes to a stop in the mid of the crowd of smiling friends.
44) 5) dialog: A little fast?
44) 7) dialog: Better?
44) 10) dialog: Up to three hours, we think.
44) 12) dialog: There’s a mains lead too.
44) 14) dialog: To be honest it all turned out to be pretty basic. I used a bicycle chain and Sturmey Archer gears. I don’t know why it hasn’t been done before.
53) 5) dialog: So’s she. 61. BY ROBIN IN HIS WHEELCHAIR listening to Rory Stewart -
61) 1) dialog: For heaven's sake! Diana looks round.
61) 3) dialog: You could at least have the decency to be on the point of death. CLOSE on the respirator, lit by torches, as Teddy Hall replaces the burned-out part with a new motor. Bloggs goe on hand-pumping all the while.
61) 4) dialog: God knows how you managed to make such a balls-up of this.
61) 6) dialog: What are you all doing gallivanting in Spain in the first place?
61) 8) dialog: This thing isn’t built for trans- continental voyages.
61) 10) dialog: It rises over Drayton St Leonard too, you know. He’s done.
61) 11) dialog: There. Let’s fire her up. He presses a switch. The machine turns, taking over the j of pumping. Bloggs rises, stretching his arms and legs. 96
61) 14) dialog: I’m glad someone’s happy.
61) 21) dialog: I suppose I’m the wheelchair salesman. Dr Aitken takes in the wheelchair properly for the first time.
61) 40) dialog: Pretty much.
61) 42) dialog: I like this man... Is he a doctor?
61) 48) dialog: I’ve been having a go at a Mark II version. The battery life on the Mark One is poor. Also the pump is too noisy. I’m trying out using a solenoid.
61) 50) dialog: On the Mark II, about six hours. Breathe - Green Revision - 8 July 2016 74.
61) 54) dialog: How many?
61) 56) dialog: Ah. So far I’ve financed the work myself. Hasn’t set me back too much. But if we’re to go into production, we’d need proper funding.
76) 23) dialog: It’s a '59 Saint-Emilion. My last bottle of one of the greatest wines ever made. Jonathan - glasses. Teddy takes out a corkscrew and opens the bottle. Jonatha fetches glasses. Harry Tennyson comes and sits on the chair beside Robin.
76) 25) dialog: Here’s to you, Robin. The others echo the toast.
76) 32) dialog: Do we have to talk about scattering ashes? It is all a little morbid.