23) 0) text: Diana sits waiting with TID, her former nanny, called out retirement to help. A proud and capable woman. The pram stands between them. A young Pakistani doctor, DR KHAN, approaches.
25) 0) text: Diana is on her way out of the hospital, with her baby in pram, accompanied by Tid.
25) 2) dialog: I don’t see why not. I looked after you when you were a baby, didn’t I?
25) 4) dialog: Don’t you worry about that. Your family’s my family, really. It’s nice to be back.
29) 0) text: Diana sits on a rug in this open quadrangle, an area of b grass, watching over baby Jonathan as he wriggles on his tummy beside her. Tid is pouring cups of tea for them fro Thermos flask. Diana’s face is turned away from us. Baby Jonathan manages a short burst of crawling.
29) 1) dialog: There’s a young lad who'll be on the move before we know it. Diana turns to her. Now we see the strain on her face. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 27.
29) 3) dialog: You don’t know that.
29) 5) dialog: I loved my home, but when I left, I couldn’t turn and look back. I loved it too much.
29) 7) dialog: There. Listen to him. He’ll be talking soon.
35) 15) dialog: She’s got me.
39) 0) text: Benjy on a lead held by Tid, with little Jonathan by her side. Beside them, Colin Campbell, Bloggs Blacker and Har Tennyson. A welcome committee for the ambulance as it pul up to Furlongs. The ambulance men roll Robin out of the ambulance. Benjy yaps. Jonathan watches eagerly.
41) 0) text: A pale blue Mercedes convertible sweeps across the lawn i front of the house. IN CAR - The driver is a big genial eccentric, TEDDY HALL On the passenger seat beside him in a cardboard box six bottles of wine rattle and clink. INT. ROBIN’S BEDROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 69 Teddy Hall works a corkscrew into a bottle of wine. Colin Campbell lights two candles on a birthday cake. There’s a small party happening round Robin’s bed. Diana has little Jonathan on her lap in his best clothes, while Tid looks Friends from Kenya are here: Mary Dawnay and Katherine Baring. And of course Bloggs and David Blacker.
41) 6) dialog: No, no, not for me.
41) 8) dialog: And only on my birthday. Diana arranges Robin’s glass with a straw that he can reach. Teddy raises his glass.
42) 0) text: Little Jonathan races round and round the lawn, chased by Benjy. Tid sits on a garden chair reading a detective novel. Jonathan’s push chair stands empty beside her. Jonathan charges up to the French windows to Robin’s room and presses his face to the window panes. He bangs on the glass. INT. ROBIN’S ROOM, FURLONGS - DAY 72 Jonathan’s cheery little face outside the window, smiling and banging. The eternal wheeze and clank of the respirator. Robin is in bed, studying stock prices, the Financial Tim open on a rack before him. A heap of old copies of the Financial Times lies on the floor. He hears Jonathan banging and smiles for him. Then he winces. He moves his head. We now see Teddy Hall’s apparatus fixed to the bedhead enables him to sound a bel Diana appears. Breathe - Blue Revision - 26 June 2016 48.
44) 0) text: The French windows to Robin’s room are wide open. To the sound of the Grand March, out comes a strange procession. It's led by Robin, seated in a home-made WHEELCHAIR with battery-operated pump. Teddy Hall pushes the chair. Diana walks alongside, watching closely to see that Robin's breathing tube stays in, and that the pump keeps pumping. It makes a gentler sound than the static respirator. Tid and Jonathan and Benjy follow behind. On the terrace a small crowd of friends applaud: Bloggs a David, Colin Campbell, Mary Dawnay, Katherine Baring, Har Tennyson. ON ROBIN - Looking a little alarmed at being lurched abou but thrilled to bits. The procession marches round the terrace to the stirring sound of Verdi’s trumpets, and comes to a stop in the mid of the crowd of smiling friends.
47) 0) text: JONATHAN'S POV - MOVING THROUGH sun-dappled bushes in the depths of the garden towards a light-filled gap - and there, across the wide lawn, sits Robin on the terrace in his wheelchair, Benjy curled up on his lap. Beside him si Tid, reading her book. LITTLE JONATHAN, now aged 5, is exploring the fringe of t pond. The phone rings: an amplified external ringer. Jonathan w at his father.
47) 1) dialog: (to Robin) Should I answer that?
47) 5) dialog: He’s all right. He’s fine.
53) 0) text: Some years have passed. It’s now 1970. A crowd of friends fills the garden. JONATHAN, NOW TEN YEARS OLD, is playing cricket in the field beside the garden with a mix of his friends and older guests. A ring of small girls holds a dolls’ tea party, watched by Tid. Bloggs Blacker is by the terrace table, hacking at a ham, 84