7) 2) text: A tall, steel-faced officer sits at his desk. This is Fir Commander MAC "BIG DOG" MALLOY. Hard, battle weary featur BRAZEN, a section Lieutenant, comes up.
7) 4) dialog: Commander Malloy. They're bringing him out, sir.
11) 1) text: Malloy, Brazen, and a 3rd man, tall, charismatic, grim, m urgently along a corridor.
11) 3) dialog: ComStat did a psychosearch on him. Used a database of 5 million sociopathic personalities. He hit the bottom of the curve.
11) 7) dialog: Zero emotional developments. Total lack of compassion. A highly developed psychopathic instinct to survive.
12) 3) text: The cell door opens. Malloy, Brazen, and the 3rd Man ente room unarmed. The door closes.
12) 4) text: Malloy and Brazen move forward, to the edge of the light. Man stays back in the shadows by the door.
15) 15) text: WHAM! The VR image suddenly disappears and Plissken is ag standing inside the concrete cell. Malloy and Brazen stan front of him.
15) 19) dialog: Utopia became depressed after her mother's suicide, began to withdraw into her virtual reality simulator. She'd punch up her own little world in cyberspace and stay in it for days at a time. (hits a button) Somebody else was in there with her.
15) 28) dialog: Utopia made tapes of her VR experiences, then tried to erase them. She missed this fragment on the end of her last tape. Cuervo Jones must have tapped into the VR master data bank - and then went prowling around for innocent blood, someone vulnerable to corrupt. Utopia was lonely, looking for something to believe in.
15) 47) text: After a couple of beats, the 3rd Man appears next to Mall Brazen. He stares at Plissken for a moment, holds up some
15) 68) text: Malloy, Brazen, and the President turn to leave...
15) 83) dialog: It's a strain of the Plutoxin 7 virus. Genetically engineered. 100% pure death. Complete nervous system shutdown. You crash and bleed out like a stuck pig. Not a pretty sight.
16) 1) text: The real Malloy, Brazen, and President stand in front of camera in a small room offering a view of the cell throug transparent portion of the wall.
17) 1) text: Plissken checks through various tactical survival items a weapons laid out on a table. Brazen watches as Malloy sho high tech submachine gun.
17) 3) dialog: Very sweet little weapon. Core burner. Magnesium ammo. 500 extra rounds. (moves on) Two 9mm handguns. (holds up a silver pill) Oral projectile. Mouth dart. Hold it in your mouth for ten seconds, the coating dissolves, it becomes a weapon.
17) 6) dialog: Urolite. It'll stun the enemy for several seconds.
17) 10) text: Brazen hands Plissken a large black clip.
17) 12) dialog: This clips right onto your 9mm. Ammo enhancers. Like miniaturized grenades. Blows through anything.
18) 5) dialog: Heavy Third World connections. They get weapons, drugs, fuel, choppers - everything is pumped into the island from the south.
19) 1) text: As Brazen's command helicopter takes off...
22) 1) text: Plissken, Brazen and Malloy walk through the dark, dank t Armed guards stand at the ready. A hatch in the tunnel fl stands open. A ladder disappears down into the darkness.
22) 26) text: Malloy kicks the hatch and it slams down on top of Plissk Brazen pushes a control button, sealing it shut.
25) 1) text: Malloy and Brazen move to a surveillance-command post.
33) 1) text: Malloy, Brazen and other cops follow Plissken's course on gigantic computer screen.
37) 1) text: Brazen points to a readout showing the submarine's engine
37) 3) dialog: His reactor's starting to overheat.
84) 1) text: Malloy, the President and Brazen charge down a hallway in Command HQ. The place is jumping. Full scramble alert.
88) 1) text: Malloy, the President, Brazen, and the other Controllers Police Personnel stare silently at their TV screens.
88) 3) dialog: He must be bouncing the signal from one of our communications satellites.
88) 17) dialog: What about Plissken? He could still be -
107) 4) text: Malloy, the President, and Brazen exchange glances.
112) 1) text: Malloy, the President, Brazen and the rest the Firebase w Plissken's helicopter approaches, then zooms right over R and heads for the distant treeline.
113) 21) text: ... as Malloy, the President, Brazen, and a squad of poli in vehicles. They slowly get out...
113) 39) dialog: You were injected with glucose. There is no Plutoxin 7 virus. You were never going to die - at least not from anything we gave you.
113) 53) text: Plissken, Malloy and Brazen watch as Utopia is taken away Plissken turns to Malloy.
117) 1) text: As the sky is lit white. Malloy, Brazen, and the cops loo vehicles stop. Lights out. Sounds of motors running down.