48) 33) text: The Mescalito biker turns to react...
49) 4) text: Coming right behind him are four Mescalitos on Harleys - iron bars, and swords in their hands. Plissken stares up
49) 8) text: Plissken guns it when suddenly two Mescalitos pull up on side of him. One of them swings a chain. Plissken grabs i one hand, and with his other hand, aims his submachine gu fires! The Mescalito and bike go flying, and Plissken hol the chain.
49) 12) text: As the other Mescalito riding behind him swings a chain. swings his. The two chains snap together, intertwining. T Plissken squeezes his hand-brake. He screeches to a stop. Mescalito keeps going, and is yanked over backward by his chain, off the Harley. Finally the Harley flops over, ski explodes. Plissken guns it again, takes off after the Cad
49) 13) text: Two more Mescalitos pull up on either side of Plissken. T aim at him with their automatic rifles. Plissken pulls a wheelie, lifts the front of his bike up into the air, rid back wheel. The two Mescalitos fire - directly into each They fall and their bikes go crashing to the pavement.
49) 17) text: Plissken pulls himself up behind the Mescalito and wrestl control of the mount. Plissken grabs the reins and wraps around the Mescalito's neck, squeezing until his eyes bur Plissken slams his arm against the Mescalito, throwing hi saddle, bouncing onto the pavement.
49) 41) dialog: 
63) 35) text: From out of the heavy bushes along the freeway storm a do Mescalitos moving quickly - firing as they go. Behind the an ancient garbage truck mounted with a 50-caliber machin Atop the truck is Delgado. He wears a flame thrower on hi
63) 38) text: Returns fire, rolls under a car and begins crawling. All him people jump out of their cars, begin firing back at t Mescalitos.
64) 1) text: Clawing his way through the undergrowth, Plissken bursts side street. Behind him come the Mescalitos on foot. Plis runs, firing back every step of the way...
65) 4) text: Map To The Stars Eddie drives like Satan himself. Plisske almost thrown out as they spin around curves, up onto sid Delgado and the garbage truck can't keep up with them. Fi the Mescalitos are left far behind as Map To The Stars Ed down to a cruise of 70.
68) 4) text: Surrounded by Mescalitos with torches and guns, sits the Bradley Terminal defaced with graffiti, the sign now read
69) 1) text: He is in Cuervo Jones lair. Huge. Torch-lit. Plissken lie center of the room, chained to a treadmill. He is surroun Mescalitos.
69) 2) text: In one corner of the room is lots of high-tech equipment. Computers. A VR simulator. Most of the Mescalitos are gat around a big screen TV. They watch the 207th Annual Acade from Carefree, Arizona.
69) 23) text: Cuervo Jones walks to a door, opens it. Beyond is a huge filled with people - families, teenage runaways, the elde illegal aliens, orphans - people with nowhere to go. They being fed and cared for by Mescalitos.
71) 1) text: The caravan is starting up again. Wearing hot pants, a ta and full-length mink coat, Utopia is escorted up a ladder Cuervo Jones to the opened door of the Cadillac perched u those monster truck wheels. The other Mescalitos mount up cars and motorcycles, and roar away from the terminal.
77) 15) text: Plissken and Utopia fly through the air, and land with a top of a Mescalito car as the Cadillac begins to swerve w Cuervo Jones grabs the wheel, desperately tries to contro Caddy... but fails. The Cadillac careens off the street, into the palm tree, spins around and crashes into the rem hot dog stand.
77) 30) text: Mescalitos pour out of their vehicles, as Cuervo Jones ch into the street, pointing at Plissken...
77) 33) text: Plissken lifts Utopia to her feel, hauls her over to the opening, and dives inside... just as the Mescalitos open street around the manhole opening explodes with screaming lead...
79) 1) text: Cuervo Jones and the Mescalitos charge the open manhole a The Stars Eddie appears groggily shuffling up the street Forum...
81) 51) text: Map To The Stars Eddie steps to the ledge, looks down, as Jones and his Mescalitos slog up through the tunnel.
81) 76) text: Several Mescalitos grab Map To The Stars Eddie, pull him along the tunnel.