1) 0) text: Several dozen loaves of golden Italian bread are standing end in a shaft of morning sunlight. They are standing on in bins. In the window, ZITO'S can be read in reverse. We leave the loaves and DRIFT DOWN TO a Progresso Product calendar, which hangs from the wall by a nail. The month November. Various phone numbers and delivery dates have b penned in in a rough scrawl. Now WE GO TO a white formica counter, scuffed and pocked from long use. On the counter in a rinsed out olive jar filled with water, are three fa red roses. The TITLE APPEARS IN BLACK SCRIPT AGAINST THE  WHITE BACKGROUND.
1) 3) text: During Zito's plaintive words, WE LEAVE the roses and MOV DOWN the counter TO a calculator being tapped very effici with the eraser end of pencil. When the results appear, t pencil notes the figure in a threadbare old ledger.
3) 0) text: This is a little Italian funeral parlor.
5) 0) text: First WE SEE a name plate on a desk. The plate reads ALFO CONTI. We HEAR his VOICE.
5) 2) text: The SHOT WIDENS TO INCLUDE the loaf of bread which is hal cut up and being buttered. Next to the bread are two stea mugs of coffee. We HEAR the subdued TAPPING of Loretta's  tabulations.
5) 5) text: The SHOT WIDENS and now we can see Al Conti and Loretta  sitting at the desk having Zito's buttered bread and mugs coffee. Loretta's got her calculator going and is enterin figures in Al's black, gold-lettered ledger.
5) 9) text: She downs her coffee, accepts the stained tie which Al ha taken off, and slams the ledger shut.
6) 0) text: We are looking at a wall of dry-cleaned clothes bags. The are hanging from an automated grid. As we watch, the wall starts to move off to the left. A gap appears where no cl are hung. The gap creates visual frame. In the frame is  ROBERT. He is operating the grid with a little stick shif He stops it and takes down a garment. He leaves the frame heading off to the counter. When he moves away, WE SEE th Loretta is behind him, working her calculator, entering i ledger. She slams the ledger shut, waves goodbye, and goe After beat she reappears, produces Conti's tie, says some to Robert, who is out of view, leaves the tie, and
7) 0) text: WE SEE a cleaver whacking an oxtail into section. Now WE SEE Loretta, a few feet away, tabulating on a chop block that is partially obscured by a row of hanging rabb unskinned.
10) 0) text: White tablecloths and dark green walls, a tiny bar up by door. The WAITERS all look a little alike. That's because they're all related. The place is about half full, and bu along pleasantly.
10) 24) text: An abnormally SHY WAITER stops.
10) 49) text: BOBO IS CLEARING THE REMAINS OF MR. JOHNNY'S DINNER. He's already cleared Loretta's.
10) 101) text: Mr. Johnny slowly stands up, brushes off his knees. The  restaurant has fallen utterly silent. Loretta smiles. The embrace. Loretta kisses him quickly.
13) 1) text: Dialogue on clip: (Close-up on Ava Gardner &amp; Gregory kissing. Length of clip is 1:25)
14) 0) text: Many PEOPLE, most of them Italian, are lined up to board plane. A VOICE can be heard over the P.A. system.
14) 6) text: He takes a piece of paper from his wallet.
14) 23) text: The plane takes off. Loretta looks after it anxiously. Al her hopes are on that plane.
15) 5) text: Loretta walks of into the night.
17) 0) text: Loretta walks up the street and enters the store.
18) 0) text: Loretta walks in. IRV and LOTTE, the middle-aged couple w own and run the place, are having an argument.
18) 11) text: Loretta walks out.
19) 0) text: It's a big, old eccentric, three-story corner house. To o side, it's got a qated arch that leads to an inner courty where three cars could park. It's got two cast-iron balco About a third of the windows in the house are lit. From within can be HEARD the faint strains of VICKI CARR  SINGING and one DOG BARKING. Loretta appears, carrying  champagne, approaches the front door, unlocks it, and goe in.
20) 3) text: The VOICE of the OLD MAN is heard calling out from upstai
20) 5) text: The Five Dogs turn away from Loretta and charge up the st toward the voice. Loretta walks toward the living room.
21) 0) text: This is the source of the Vicki Carr song, which is just  ending. COSMO CASTORINI, Loretta's father is just turning off the old stereo. He is a powerful man, about 65, with huge shock of white hair and gold wire glasses. He's wear a big old red silk robe over blue pajamas, and royal blue slippers. The room it filled with lumpy upholstered furni once grand, now threadbare; shawls and doilies cover hole in failing fabric. There's a fireplace containing a dying fire. Cosmo's wing chair, with his newspaper on it, is be a lit fringed lamp. Cosmo sees Loretta as she comes in.
22) 52) text: Cosmo walks out.
23) 0) text: The first golden rays of sunlight touch the great old hou The front door opens. Close shot of dogs coming into came as door opens. The OLD MAN comes out. The Old Man, who is Cosmo's father, is 83 years old. He is taking the Five Do out for their morning walk. He has their five leashes bun in one hand. In the other hand, even though it is a cloud November morning, he open black umbrella. He walks off do the block with the dogs.
24) 0) text: The Old Man and the Five Dogs appear and enter the park. approaches a park bench where FELIX and LUCY are already  sitting. Felix and Lucy are about the same age as the Old Man. They each have a well-behaved DOG. When the Old Man  sits down, he lets the Five Dogs go. The Dogs run off, BA like mad.
26) 1) text: Receives a big lump of butter with a hissing gasp of  satisfaction. A wooden spoon pushes the sinking lump arou until the pan is coated. Two square slices of yellow brea with round holes punched in their middles land in the pan Two circles of green pepper land next to the bread. A spa flips over the bread which has become glistening gold on cooked side. Two eggs are broken and dropped sunnyside into the holes the bread. The circles of green pepper are pushed around by the spat scooped up deftly, and each is made to frame one of the e A WOMAN'S HAND garnishes each bright yellow yolk with a s of red pimento. The spatula reappears and lifts the resul from the pan, and slides them onto two small dark blue pl Now WE SEE that Loretta is just finishing setting the tin table for two. In the b.g., Rose is turning away from the big, old-fashioned six range gas stove where an old speck coffee pot is steaming up a sun-drenched window. Rose com toward the table with the laden blue plates. She's wearin nice old apron over a blue housedress. She's thoughtful. As Rose comes to the table, Loretta in a blue denim work  shirt and pants, goes to the stove and gets the coffee. A Rose puts breakfast on the table, she speaks to Loretta,  who's at the stove.
26) 17) text: The WALL PHONE in the kitchen RINGS. Loretta goes and ans it.
27) 0) text: Mr. Johnny is calling on an old European-style phone. In b.g. is the sickbed. In the sickbed lies VESTA, Mr. Johnn mother, her grey hair spread out on a golden pillow. By the bed are THREE MOURNERS, old crones dressed in blac One clutches a missal, the other two clutch rosaries. All three are grieving in a steady low wordless whine. Mr. Jo speaks into the phone in a confidential manner. There is  some long-distance CRACKLE.
27) 24) text: Rose gets up and takes the dishes to the sink, Loretta fi in her pocket and comes out with the business card Mr. Jo gave her. She dials the number.
30) 0) text: It's a nice Italian bake shop. Three Italian women, CHRIS BARBARA, and MA wait on THREE WOMEN SHOPPERS at the count CHRISSY and BARBARA are in their late 20's or early 30's; is old, old. Loretta comes in and speaks to CHRISSY.
31) 0) text: Chrissy comes out and Loretta follows. They walk around t an outdoor staircase that descends into the sidewalk. Chr shouts down.
32) 0) text: The door slides open, revealing ROCCO, a baker missing a teeth. He is surrounded by bread.
32) 3) text: Rocco slides back the door all the way. Chrissy and Loret make their way past him. He slides the door three quarter shut behind them.
33) 0) text: There are two coal-fired ovens, one at either end of the  room. There is a large wooden table roughly center. And  various pieces of baking equipment, dough-mixers, etc.,  scattered willy-nilly. And everywhere there is bread. PIETRO, a baker, is working at one of the ovens with a lo wooden spatula. RONNY is working at the other oven. Actually, he is just staring in the open door at the baki bread and burning coals. He's dressed in black jeans stre with flour, a white restaurant shirt, white cotton gloves and around his neck, a red handkerchief. He is black-hair handsome and intense.
36) 0) text: It's a dark Italian coffee and dessert house. Reproductio of Roman statuary adorn grottos and alcoves. In the back a glass case displaying various desserts, and behind the  case, a big burnished gold cappuccino machine. The place almost empty.
36) 8) text: He takes out a small velvet box and hands it to her.
37) 0) text: A three-story walk-up above Cammareri's Bakery.
38) 0) text: It's a two-bedroom apartment. The decor reflects Ronny's  love of the opera. The furniture is overstuffed, fringed the colors of Italian passion. But it is all a bit faded, the remains of an old flamboyance. The walls are decorate with opera posters; and over the fireplace there is a pai depicting a scene from "La Boheme": Mimi is standing in t snow. Ronny stares at the picture of Mimi in the La Bohem poster. Loretta comes in from the kitchen and sets down a cup of coffee.
38) 2) text: Loretta moves back into the kitchen. Ronny turns and watc as she walks down the hall.
39) 0) text: CU of Ronny's artificial hand, holding a fork stuck in a  steak. With his right he is cutting his steak. He switche hands and eats hungrily. Loretta watches.
40) 23) text: She changes her mind and lunges into another kiss. They s again after a long moment. They really haven't breathed. They both suck in air and look at each other in wonder an fear and passion.
41) 15) text: Their eyes are boiling with fierce animal tears. They hav opened their souls to each other and they are coming toge The MUSIC SWELLS to a terrible triumph.
44) 13) text: The Old Man has piled his plate high with food. Now he st up, walks over to the Dogs, and puts the plate down in th midst. The Dogs attack the food and each other. The Old M walks back to the table and sits down. He looks down at t empty place in front of him, a little sad.
44) 15) text: Rose gets another plate from a sideboard and puts it in f of the Old Man. He immediately, methodically begins to fi his new plate. Rose goes to her place and sits down.
47) 0) text: The bedroom is flooded by moonlight. Loretta wakes up, a  little alarmed.
47) 2) text: Ronny wakes up, a little alarmed.
52) 27) text: Loretta stares at him in alarm, slaps his face, then stud his face to see the effect of the slap. She is dissatisfi and slaps him again.
54) 0) text: Loretta comes out of the confessional and enters a pew. S crosses herself. Then she recognizes the back of a woman' head a few pews down. She gets up, walks down the aisle, kneels down next to her mother, Rose.
55) 0) text: Feminine hands apply the final decorative touches of blue icing to a wedding cake. Then the hands set the plastic b and groom on the pinnacle. The CAMERA PULLS BACK. Barbara is viewing her handiwork, a wedding cake on a  stainless steel wheeled cart. She's in the back part of t bakery. Barbara is pleased with her creation. We TRAVEL W HER as she rolls the cart out to the front of the store w Chrissy is waiting on a huge man named HARVEY. She hands a tiny box, which he takes meekly.
55) 3) text: Harvey lumbers off as Barbara enters the front of the sto with the cake on its cart. Barbara calls Chrissy's attent to the cake.
56) 0) text: An Italian specialty store in Little Italy.
57) 0) text: Provolones and salamis hang from above. To the one side i deli counter, to the other a series of tables displaying  cheeses by the pound, packaged cakes, etc. In the back ar few tables and a kitchen with counter. Up front, behind t deli counter, stands Rita Cappomaggi in a blue apron. Out by the tables, Raymond unpacks some jars of olives. I the back, a TRUCK DRIVER can dimly be seen eating his lun
57) 8) text: Loretta walks in.
57) 27) text: He is walking towards the back now. He shouts to somebody the kitchen.
57) 29) text: The women are left alone.
58) 0) text: It's been set up for a church bazaar. There are several w of fortune, many stuffed animals, coffee urns, cakes, a g of ring toss, etc. AS THE CAMERA inventories the contents the various stands -- a LITTLE NUN sleeps in one of them we HEAR the Old Man's VOICE.
60) 0) text: Loretta walks-down the street and comes to the CINDERELLA BEAUTY SHOP, fidgets a moment, looks around to see if  anybody's looking, and goes in. WE SEE her through the window talking to MILDRED, who han appointments. Mildred nods, points, and Loretta goes back into the store.
62) 0) text: Loretta comes out. Her hair is jet black and done in a mu more stylish way. She looks great. She looks around as if she has committed a crime, and walks off quickly
63) 0) text: Loretta looks in the windows, is dissatisfied, and walks
64) 0) text: A stylish dress shop called INSINUATION. Loretta looks in the window, is intimidated, and walks on. A moment passes She reappears. Tentatively, she enters.
65) 0) text: Loretta approaches a young woman, MER, who works there. M is about thirty, trendily dressed, and French. Mer and Lo greet and talk. Loretta makes vague gestures trying to co what she wants, but the truth is she doesn't know what sh wants. Mer takes the situation in hand. There follows a MONTAGE of Mer showing Loretta various  dresses, some outlandish, some beautiful, some  incomprehensible. Loretta tries on several of the dresses a big triple mirror. Some horrify her, some frighten her  because they're so sexy, one bores her. We don't see the  dress that she ultimately does buy.
66) 0) text: Loretta walks out with a big shopping bag. She walks away down the street. WE FOLLOW Loretta away down the street. She comes to a BR SHOP with a big bride dummy shown off in the window She s and looks at the bride. She walks close to the window and stares in hard. Then she slowly backs up from the bride. Two NUNS are walking by. Loretta, backing up from the dum bumps into the Nuns. She's flustered, makes a brief apolo and hurries away, casting a furtive last glance at the sh window.
67) 0) text: Night is falling. Loretta appears and enters the house.
68) 0) text: As Loretta enters she drops her bag and, as she takes off her coat, calls.
71) 0) text: CLOSE-UP of LORETTA'S FACE as she puts the final touches her make-up. Music continues to PLAY. The CAMERA PULLS BA WE SEE her full figure. She has changed into her evening  dress and put on her heels. She's swaying to the music. T evening dress is sensational. She leans forward and kisse the mirror.
72) 11) text: Ronny immediately relents, gently takes her arm, and they walk off in the direction of the opera house.
74) 0) text: Ronny and Loretta checking their coats. Ronny's coat is  already off, and he's helping Loretta off with hers. He h her coat to the CHECKER and pockets the check. Then he tu and sees Loretta in her dress for the first time. He's stunned by her beauty. He's at a loss. He mumbles.
76) 5) text: Jimmy leads her to a table for two against the wall.
76) 10) text: Jimmy breezes off. There's another table-for-two against wall to Rose's front. WE SEE a woman's back from Rose's P and a pretty head of hair. This woman, whose name is SHEI is having an argument with the man across from her. But the man's face is blocked by Sheila's back and head, the argument is too low to be made out. Bobo approaches R table.
76) 25) text: Sheila stands up abruptly and flings a glass of water in man's face. She pulls her coat off the back of her chair stalks off. This whole operation took about two seconds. When she stalks off, the face of the man becomes visible Rose for the first time. It's Perry, the professor in his 50's, who appeared and was treated in a similar way in th earlier scene in this restaurant. His face is covered wit beads of water. He pats his face with his napkin and  apologizes to CUSTOMERS at neighboring tables.
77) 0) text: INTERMISSION. THRONGS OF PEOPLE talking, talking, talking Piled up at the bars to get drinks.
81) 0) text: A CONCESSIONAIRE selling special glossy LA BOHEME program
84) 0) text: Rose and Perry come around a corner and pass a store. The pause and look at the Christmas decorations in the window They continue walking.
86) 0) text: Rose and Perry walking. They exit camera left.
88) 0) text: Rose and Perry walking to the left.
91) 0) text: Perry and Rose face the Old Man and the dogs. In a silent standoff. Perry is puzzled, but has the sense say nothing. After a long moment, the Old Man silently st his dogs past them. He walks away down the dark street,  silently disappearing into the gloom. Perry and Rose neve move, but follow his slow progress until he disappears.
95) 18) text: He takes Loretta's arm and steers her a distance away for confidential exchange.
95) 30) text: Cosmo puts on his hat again. He glares at Ronny. He looks Loretta, but he's at a total loss. At last, he stalks off Loretta looks after him, angry and disturbed.
96) 0) text: Rose and Perry stand on a sidewalk under a street light d shining. About half a block away stands the Castorini hou They regard it. Over the house hangs the moon, cut throug now with a sharp grey cloud. Rose and Perry's VOICES can heard.
96) 29) text: She walks away, towards the house. Perry, shivering, look after.
97) 0) text: Ronny and Loretta sit at the bar. They are just finishing couple of Old-Fashions. The barman, AL, inspects their dr
97) 1) dialog: Another Old-Fashion?
97) 5) text: Al nods and walks off. Ronny leans forward to Loretta.
98) 0) text: Ronny and Loretta are walking. Their breath is coming out long plumes.
98) 3) text: They walk in silence for a moment, then Loretta speaks.
101) 0) text: PASSENGERS are pouring into the terminal from the plane. Most of them are Italian or Italian-Americans. Suddenly, Johnny appears out of the shifting crowd, up very CLOSE t the CAMERA. He looks alert, determined, geared up for act
105) 0) text: The cab pulling up to the Castorini house. The living roo windows are all lit up. VICKI CARR can be made out SINGIN "IT MUST BE HIM". Mr. Johnny gets out of the cab, gets hi luggage, and heads for the front door. He RINGS THE BELL. The door opens. It's Rose. MUSIC floods out around her.
107) 47) text: Mr. Johnny stands up. Cosmo walks off, out of view.
109) 0) text: Along a sidewalk a couple of blocks away. She is a wreck. She's still in her clothes of the night before. She hasn' slept. Her hair's a bit funny. And she's tormented by the complications in her life. And, at the same time, she loo great. She looks like she's been loved up and down. She h a hickey on her neck. Her eyes are dreamy and her walk is slow, utterly careless, and sexual. She's carrying, crunc in her hand, her program from La Boheme. She starts SINGI We follow her as she SINGS and walks.
111) 0) text: Rose is at the stove. The kitchen is filled with steam an sunlight. Rose is stirring a pot filled with oatmeal. Another range has the coffeepot heating. Loretta shuffles into the kitchen, goes to the tin table, and sits down. There are red roses on the table. Rose sees Loretta.
112) 0) text: Ronny is walking along the same stretch of sidewalk as Lo just was. He looks like hell, too. His hair is wild and h hasn't slept. He's thrown on an old leather jacket and br leather gloves. He has a love bite on his neck, too. He s to SING "O SOAVE FANCIULLA". He SINGS it any old way,  occasionally getting a good attack, occasionally just  muttering his way through. SINGS as much of it as he  remembers, which is a lot.
114) 0) text: Rose walks in with Ronny behind her. There's no one in th kitchen. Rose calls out.
114) 15) text: Ronny and Loretta sit down and Rose serves them oatmeal. COSMO WALKS IN dressed for business. He regards the trio, puts on his hat in shock and then takes it off again.
114) 18) text: Cosmo sits down. Rose puts a bowl of oatmeal in front of  him. He absently begins to eat it. A silence reigns. Then puls down his spoon.
114) 21) text: Cosmo picks up his spoon and they all eat silently once m The SOUND OF DOGS BARKING comes up and then fades away.
114) 25) text: The Old Man lets go a great noise of relief, sits down at the table, and waits. Rose brings him a bowl of oatmeal. He is content now, and eats his oatmeal with great relish The others eat with a more meaningful silence. Rose puts  down her spoon. She looks at the table, but she is speaki to Cosmo.
114) 29) text: Everyone stops eating. A tremendous silence falls. An old clock goes tick, tick, tick. Suddenly Cosmo smashes his f to the table and stands. He doesn't look at Rose during t Then slowly, he sits down.
114) 38) text: Loretta's tone is fatal.
114) 62) text: Raymond covers his face to hide his emotion. Rita, meanwh is clearing the oatmeal bowls.
114) 64) text: There is a general acknowledgment. Everybody wants coffee Rose passes out white mugs and begins pouring steaming dr of coffee. Raymond and Rita are standing. The rest are  sitting.
114) 135) text: Loretta pushes Ronny away, breaking the kiss. They have b neglected to breathe the whole time they were kissing. They are both gasping for air, especially Loretta.
114) 144) text: The Old Man takes the glass and walks over to a corner of the kitchen where Mr. Johnny, deeply disturbed and somewh catatonic, sits on a step-ladder.
114) 150) text: They all lift their glasses.