28) 1) text: CHRISSY, a woman with a Queens accent, answers.
28) 2) dialog: Cammareri's Bake Shop.
28) 4) dialog: Hold on. (yells into intercom) Ronny, the phone!
30) 0) text: It's a nice Italian bake shop. Three Italian women, CHRIS BARBARA, and MA wait on THREE WOMEN SHOPPERS at the count CHRISSY and BARBARA are in their late 20's or early 30's; is old, old. Loretta comes in and speaks to CHRISSY.
30) 2) dialog: He down at the ovens. What do you  want?
31) 0) text: Chrissy comes out and Loretta follows. They walk around t an outdoor staircase that descends into the sidewalk. Chr shouts down.
31) 1) dialog: Hey, RONNY.
32) 3) text: Rocco slides back the door all the way. Chrissy and Loret make their way past him. He slides the door three quarter shut behind them.
33) 21) dialog: No, Ronny!
33) 26) dialog: I tell you I won't do it!
33) 38) text: The table is bare. He stares at it blankly. He wanders aw to the back room where the flour sacks are kept. We hear single sob escape him from that room, and then silence. Everyone in the oven room looks after him. Then Chrissy  approaches Loretta. She holds the big knife at her side.
33) 39) dialog: This is the most tormented man I  have ever known. I am in love with  this man. He doesn't know that. I  never told him cause he can never  love anybody since he lost his hand  and his girl.
33) 41) dialog: Here. Why don't you just kill him?  It would be so much more kind than  coming here and inviting him to a  wedding like he'll never have.
33) 42) text: Loretta considers Chrissy, decides what she's going to do and goes to the flour room.
55) 0) text: Feminine hands apply the final decorative touches of blue icing to a wedding cake. Then the hands set the plastic b and groom on the pinnacle. The CAMERA PULLS BACK. Barbara is viewing her handiwork, a wedding cake on a  stainless steel wheeled cart. She's in the back part of t bakery. Barbara is pleased with her creation. We TRAVEL W HER as she rolls the cart out to the front of the store w Chrissy is waiting on a huge man named HARVEY. She hands a tiny box, which he takes meekly.
55) 2) dialog: Okay, Harvey.
55) 3) text: Harvey lumbers off as Barbara enters the front of the sto with the cake on its cart. Barbara calls Chrissy's attent to the cake.
55) 5) dialog: About what?
55) 7) dialog: (without enthusiasm) Where's Ronny? How come he ain't  come down?
55) 9) text: The PHONE RINGS. Chrissy answers it.
55) 10) dialog: Hello, Cammareri's? Hi. Uh-huh. Okay.
55) 12) dialog: That was Ronny. He don't feel good.  He ain't gonna be down today.
55) 13) text: Chrissy comes out from behind the counter. She's staring the cake.
55) 15) text: Without warning, Chrissy whacks the little bride and groo off the cake and on to the floor.
55) 16) dialog: It's that bitch!