20) 3) text: The VOICE of the OLD MAN is heard calling out from upstai
23) 0) text: The first golden rays of sunlight touch the great old hou The front door opens. Close shot of dogs coming into came as door opens. The OLD MAN comes out. The Old Man, who is Cosmo's father, is 83 years old. He is taking the Five Do out for their morning walk. He has their five leashes bun in one hand. In the other hand, even though it is a cloud November morning, he open black umbrella. He walks off do the block with the dogs.
24) 0) text: The Old Man and the Five Dogs appear and enter the park. approaches a park bench where FELIX and LUCY are already  sitting. Felix and Lucy are about the same age as the Old Man. They each have a well-behaved DOG. When the Old Man  sits down, he lets the Five Dogs go. The Dogs run off, BA like mad.
24) 2) dialog: (ignoring Felix) Good morning, Lucy.
24) 5) dialog: What do you want me to do? Pick up  after five dogs? I'm eighty-three  years old. God in his heaven  understands that I cannot pick up  after five dogs.
24) 8) dialog: (goes back to ignoring  Felix) Lucy. There are big things going on  in my house. My granddaughter Loretta,  the only daughter of my son Cosmo,  has engaged herself to be married a  second time.
24) 10) dialog: My son does not like this Johnny  Cammareri. He says he is a big baby.
24) 12) text: The Old Man makes a low, threatening noise.
24) 14) dialog: My granddaughter wants my son to pay  for the wedding. But he does not  want to pay.
24) 16) dialog: I don't know.
24) 18) dialog: Maybe. I don't know. He has not asked  my advice. If he asks my advice, I  don't know what I will say.
24) 21) dialog: You think so, huh, Stupid? Those  dogs love each other.
25) 0) text: The gates in the big archway are opened from the inside. It's Cosmo. He's wearing a good but old-fashioned suit, a overcoat, and a homburg. He's pulled his car, a 1965 blac Buick, up to the gate. Now that he has the gates open, he gets in the car and drives out to the curb. He gets out a goes back to lock the gates. As he does this, the Old Man approaches the house with the Five dogs and the open umbr The Old Man and the Dogs go to the front door of the hous Cosmo goes to the door of his car. The two men, father an son, see each other at the moment they grab their respect door handles. They each raise a hand in greeting; it is t same gesture for both men, an eccentric chopping motion. Then they open their respective doors. The Old Man disapp within the house. Cosmo drives slowly away in his car.
44) 13) text: The Old Man has piled his plate high with food. Now he st up, walks over to the Dogs, and puts the plate down in th midst. The Dogs attack the food and each other. The Old M walks back to the table and sits down. He looks down at t empty place in front of him, a little sad.
44) 15) text: Rose gets another plate from a sideboard and puts it in f of the Old Man. He immediately, methodically begins to fi his new plate. Rose goes to her place and sits down.
44) 18) text: The Old Man laughs uproariously, subsides, goes back to  filling his plate.
44) 28) text: The Old Man gets up with his newly filled plate and heads for the Dogs.
44) 30) text: The Old Man reverses direction and heads back to his chai He sits down and starts to eat.
49) 0) text: Over the house is still the great big full moon. The fron door opens and out comes the Old Man with the five Dogs. The Old Man is in a greatcoat and a felt hat, and he's sm a cigar. He stops on the top step and lets go a huge plum of cigar smoke. Then he starts off with the Dogs down the street.
50) 0) text: The moon and nothing else. Then a cigar is thrown into it and sends it shimmering. It was the moon reflected in wat Now the CAMERA PULLS BACK and WE SEE the Old Man and the  Five Dogs are standing on a ruined pier. The moon gleams from the Hudson River. The Old Man speaks to the Dogs.
50) 1) dialog: Alright now. Howl. Howl.
50) 2) text: The Dogs do not howl. So the Old Man, by way of demonstra howls at the moon. He looks to the Dogs to follow suit. T do nothing. He howls at the moon again. The Dogs do nothing. The CAMERA CONTINUES TO PULL BACK un WE CAN SEE the whole pier, with the Old Man and the Dogs it, and the moon above them. The Old Man, frustrated now, cries out.
50) 3) dialog: How long must I wait? Quanto tempo  devo aspettare!
50) 4) text: The Dogs start to HOWL. The Old Man, pleased as the Mad H he is, laughs and laughs.
58) 0) text: It's been set up for a church bazaar. There are several w of fortune, many stuffed animals, coffee urns, cakes, a g of ring toss, etc. AS THE CAMERA inventories the contents the various stands -- a LITTLE NUN sleeps in one of them we HEAR the Old Man's VOICE.
58) 3) dialog: At dinner, my daughter-in-law  threatened to kill me. Things are  very bad in my house.
58) 6) dialog: If I hit the stick too hard, the  apple will split. If I am too timid,  the apple will fall off the stick.
58) 8) dialog: I don't know what to advise my son.  I think he should pay for the wedding,  but it is important that he don't  look ridiculous.
58) 10) dialog: Cosmo drank five glasses of wine at  dinner.
58) 12) dialog: I will. But I must find the right  moment.
58) 14) text: The Old Man's eyes light up. He looks at Lucy.
58) 15) dialog: Yes!
83) 0) text: The door opens, and the Old Man comes out, in his great c and hat, with the Five dogs. He strikes off to the right.
85) 0) text: The Old Man and the Dogs have stopped by a big tree. Whic the dogs adore.
87) 0) text: The Old Man drags the Dogs away from the tree and sets of camera right.
90) 0) text: The Old Man pulls up the Dogs. Aghast by what he sees bef him.
91) 0) text: Perry and Rose face the Old Man and the dogs. In a silent standoff. Perry is puzzled, but has the sense say nothing. After a long moment, the Old Man silently st his dogs past them. He walks away down the dark street,  silently disappearing into the gloom. Perry and Rose neve move, but follow his slow progress until he disappears.
107) 18) text: The front door can be HEARD SLAMMING, out of view, and th Dogs can be HEARD BARKING. Mr. Johnny and Rose look to th entranceway. The Old Man appears there, holding the Five  Dogs.
107) 20) text: The Old Man looks at Rose. He is a specter. He stares, an then he makes a long low accusing NOISE. Then he disappea
114) 23) dialog: I am old. The Old are not wanted.  And what they say has no weight.  But, my son, I must speak. You should  pay for the wedding of your only  daughter. You are breaking your house  through pride. There. I've said it.
114) 25) text: The Old Man lets go a great noise of relief, sits down at the table, and waits. Rose brings him a bowl of oatmeal. He is content now, and eats his oatmeal with great relish The others eat with a more meaningful silence. Rose puts  down her spoon. She looks at the table, but she is speaki to Cosmo.
114) 72) text: Silence. Then the Old Man erupts.
114) 73) dialog: Somebody tell a joke!
114) 102) text: The Old Man laughs a loud sudden laugh, and then subsides
114) 132) text: Ronny and Loretta enter into a long kiss. The Old Man sta to cry. Cosmo leans forward to the Old Man solicitously.
114) 134) dialog: (Lifts his head and  cries out) I'M CONFUSED !
114) 142) text: Everybody takes a glass. The Old Man takes one and gets u
114) 143) dialog: (to Cosmo) Wait.
114) 144) text: The Old Man takes the glass and walks over to a corner of the kitchen where Mr. Johnny, deeply disturbed and somewh catatonic, sits on a step-ladder.
114) 145) dialog: (continuing; to Mr.  Johnny, offering the  glass) Here.
114) 147) text: But the Old Man, wise and merry and tough, presses the gl on Mr. Johnny, who takes it.