43) 22) text: This here's Bobby Lee. He's a specialist with the Feds. They want him to tag along. Red stares hard at Bobby Lee, then nods.   Bobby Lee step into the Airstream.
44) 0) text: Sally enters, balancing the   boxes, and glares at the fa surrounding her. A smiling    Red, a grinning Adler messi gorging on a cinnamon roll,   a nervous KAISER, the radio and, in the corner, a nasty   smirk from Bobby Lee. When the Airstream takes off again, she loses her balance drops one of the boxes. Adler and Suttle jump forward to but she gives them the evil eye.
60) 0) text: The place is a functioning mobile headquarters now. Adler the short wave and tacking up a map, Bobby Lee still in h corner, Red and Sally sitting across from one another at "kitchen table". In the rear section of the Airstream Red's chair and a mi office for the Chief have been put together.
79) 0) text: Bobby Lee sits alone in the back corner of the main room the RV. He just sits and stares, occasionally smiling cynically at Sally. Adler takes the latest info off the radio while the other listen in.
79) 37) text: Then why not shoot to kill. Red just stares at Bobby Lee as the younger man moves slo past him to the toilet. Adler on the radio...
110) 1) text: Bobby Lee who sits by himself, whittling away at a stick leering at her. Adler is at the map, holding the shortwav mike and wearing the earphones. Behind him, Red stares ou the window.
120) 2) text: Tell him to pull up next to 'em! Bobby Lee opens a window and leans out.
121) 0) text: As Bobby Lee leans out the window of the Airstream some 5 yards back.
123) 0) text: Bobby Lee unholsters his pistol and leans back out the window. Red spots him.
146) 20) dialog: Everybody, run!    Quick!
146) 21) dialog: makes a beeline for the station wagon.
146) 23) dialog: Are you crazy.    It's only got a 1000 miles on it! He jumps in the Driver's seat of the WAGON and franticall REVS it just as...
146) 28) dialog: That was close. Bob gets out of the station wagon and stands next to Butc They watch for the Ford for a second, see that it's losin momentum and smile at each other.
146) 32) dialog: Bob Fielder.
146) 37) dialog: Had me scared silly.      I've only had her two months.
146) 52) dialog: crawls down from the luggage rack on top of his wagon and smiles a sigh of relief.
148) 0) text: It's   full to the brim with the Family Bob plus two, But and   Phillip, who ride in the back with Bob's son. As th car   approaches the roadblock Butch grabs a blanket, rec and   hides behind a stuffed animal.
148) 1) dialog: Sorry for the inconvenience, Edgar. The kids like the back down like that so they can play.
149) 0) text: Bob brings his precious car to a gingerly stop.    He pul his license, shows it.
149) 1) dialog: Why the roadblock, Officer?
150) 0) text: Bradley examines the gooseneck hitch. Bobby Lee sits on a nearby rock, still whittling at his stick. It's starting resemble something.
152) 0) text: Bobby Lee finishes his whittling, blows away shavings, smiles at his creation, sets it on the rock, gets up and walks away.
155) 0) text: Butch, truly "singing a different tune," whistles "Old MacDonald." Bob joins in and soon the whole damn Family B is whistling the tune. Bob's daughter PATSY, 5, red hair, freckles, starts jumpi up and down on the back seat, singing and spilling her dr
155) 3) dialog: Ahhh noooo! Bob's wife grabs Patsy by the arm and shakes her. Butch c tinues to whistle softly, almost eerily, but he's watchin closely.
155) 10) text: Damn that kid! The little girl is crying harder than ever now. Bob reach back over the seat and tries to touch his daughter.
155) 11) dialog: It's okay, sweetie. Daddy's not mad.
156) 0) text: The entire Family Bob is standing along the roadside, the luggage and belongings by their side. The looks on their faces say it all -- Stranded. Butch hands over the stuffed animal to Patsy, pats Bob Jr the head and sticks out his hand to Bob.
156) 2) dialog: Please, it's new. Hold it under 45... at least for the next 500 miles.
157) 7) dialog: cringes as he watches his pride and joy rocket toward the horizon.
164) 0) text: A SIRLOIN STEAK hits a grill beside a Tater Tot shiskabob SIZZLES to beat the band. A homemade barbecue pit, built from nearby abundant rocks sits square in the middle of the highway with red flares up just in case a car did come by. Red smiles and shakes a liberal dose of Lea and Perrins o the flesh. He's obviously a veteran of many back yard B-B and this is definitely one. We see Sally THROUGH the window. She's inside, still goin over her files. She gets up and walks into the back room look for something.
165) 0) text: Sally turns on a nightlight and looks at herself in the mirror. She splashes a little water on her face and is startled when ... Bobby Lee slides in behind her.
174) 16) text: Reach in that glovebox there. See if Bob's got a notepad or something. Phillip extracts a small ringed memo pad.
176) 0) text: The aftermath of a full scale Texas Bar-B-Q: plates full gristle and bone, cigarettes burning in ashtrays and swir ing in half-drunk bottles of Coke and mugs of coffee, men groaning and picking their teeth with toothpicks. Bradley, Adler and Suttle are dead-ass asleep and snoring Bobby Lee, too mean to sleep, sits by himself cleaning hi fingernails with a pocket knife.
188) 0) text: ANOTHER OFFICER drives this car. Kaiser rides shotgun working the radio. In the back seat sit Bobby Lee and Bradley.
210) 6) text: 'Dear Robert'... that's my real name, Phillip. Robert. Jus' like old Bob the family man. 'Dear Robert, I just wanted to tell you that me leaving has nothing to do with you.' Phillip, still afraid, can't help but listen as Butch suffers through his memories.
221) 0) text: Bobby Lee carefully unsnaps the latches on his leather ca and opens it on the hood of the patrol car.
235) 0) text: A finger strokes the trigger of a high-powered rifle. Bobby Lee -- Smiling, ready, waiting. Red shrugs and wipes his brow.