70) 0) text: Bradley turns the knob on an intercom speaker system next to the radio.
70) 2) dialog: How's it work?
72) 1) dialog: (quiet; to Suttle)
78) 0) text: Sitting still. Bradley tries to light a cigarette with the lighter but gets no heat.
78) 1) dialog: (to Suttle)
82) 0) text: Bradley and Suttle lean against the parked RV, chatting.
82) 1) dialog: You responsible for engine maintenance on this thing?
82) 7) dialog: You notice how it keeps    wanting to slip a bit goin' into second.     Feels to me like somebody's been a little    heavy-footed with the clutch. (beat)
112) 0) text: Bradley, driving, tinkers with a broken windowshade. Suttle yawns, comes to, notices the broken windowshade an gives Bradley a look. Bradley, caught, just smiles.
114) 0) text: Bradley smiles, looks to Suttle, who nods an "okay."    J sits on the HORN for TWO solid BLASTS.
116) 0) text: Bradley and Suttle wave back.
119) 0) text: Bradley presses the pedal to the floor. The ENGINE STRAIN Suttle nervously sneaks a peek at the speedometer.
122) 0) text: Suttle is scared to death while Bradley is loving every minute. The ENGINE starts to STEAM.
126) 0) text: Bradley spots the maneuver and starts to follow.
136) 0) text: The Airstream, the amazingly futuristic piece of law enforcement equipment sits beat to hell and leaning to on side in the dry pond bed. All the tires are flat and dent and bruises abound. The door tries to open but is stuck. Red applies a boot to it and the whole thing comes off it hinges and flies to the ground. Red exits. He groans and shakes his head when he spots... Bradley and Suttle limping toward him across the field. Red sighs and starts slowly walking in the direction Butc and Phillip headed.
140) 1) dialog: Now yer sure that gooseneck had a safety chain? Suttle turns and glares.
150) 0) text: Bradley examines the gooseneck hitch. Bobby Lee sits on a nearby rock, still whittling at his stick. It's starting resemble something.
159) 2) dialog: What?
176) 0) text: The aftermath of a full scale Texas Bar-B-Q: plates full gristle and bone, cigarettes burning in ashtrays and swir ing in half-drunk bottles of Coke and mugs of coffee, men groaning and picking their teeth with toothpicks. Bradley, Adler and Suttle are dead-ass asleep and snoring Bobby Lee, too mean to sleep, sits by himself cleaning hi fingernails with a pocket knife.
188) 0) text: ANOTHER OFFICER drives this car. Kaiser rides shotgun working the radio. In the back seat sit Bobby Lee and Bradley.
219) 5) dialog: If he kills the boy he'll get the chair.
221) 7) text: Hullo... Hullo. Please, sir, he's my only son. I'll give you money, whatever I can. Please, I want to take my boy home! I want to... The MEGAPHONE SQUALKS one final dying time and SHORTS OUT Red hands it to Bradley, who immediately sets it on the trunk and starts taking it apart.
221) 10) dialog: I think yer' tobacco spit shorted it out, Red.
222) 10) dialog: (re: megaphone)
223) 1) dialog: Don't have another megaphone, Chief. Red just shakes his head and sighs. Bobby Lee leans on the hood of the car and places one eye behind the scope o his rifle.