1) 0) text: GLADYS PERRY, 30 going on 45 due to single motherhood and having worked two fulltime minimum wage jobs the past ten years, looks out the window with disgust and pulls the curtains closed.
2) 0) text: Gladys retreats   from the sparsly decorated living room predictably drab   linoleum kitchen. At the table, hands their laps, sit   her children, NAOMI and RUTH, twin girl 10, and PHILLIP,   a quiet boy of 8.
2) 10) dialog: Our personal beliefs lift us to a higher place. 'Sides, Halloween is nothing but the Devil's work. The DOORBELL RINGS.   The kids gulp as Gladys turns and h for the door.
3) 2) text: Trick or treat!!! Gladys simply stares at the children before looking to Mr Hughes.
3) 3) dialog: I'm sorry but we don't take no part in Halloween.
3) 8) dialog: We're Jehovah's Witness. Superman locks eyes with Phillip.
3) 12) dialog: Go eat your supper, Phillip.
7) 0) text: An assembly line at the kitchen sink as the twins wash an Phillip dries the evening dishes. Gladys sits at the kitc table, reading religious pamphlets and keeping a watchful over the process. Several THUDS resound through the house.
23) 0) text: The CLANGING wind up alarm CLOCK reads 5:30 and Gladys op her eyes and gently quiets it with a touch. She groans an rises, not happy but used to the daily ritual required of
27) 0) text: Gladys steps into a slip and snaps her bra while cracking into a skillet. By rote she salts, stirs, and pops bread the toaster.
28) 1) dialog: Thank you, Phillip. Go wake up your sisters. Phillip dutifully steps down and returns to the living ro Gladys works to adjust her slip, then grabs plates and silverware and takes them to the table.
29) 0) text: Gladys gasps at Jerry's face pressed against the screen, controls herself when he brandishes the pistol. He motion for her to open the back door. She does. He slides into t room and sits down at the table.
33) 24) dialog: It's all right, honey. PHONE continues to RING. Cummings can't decide what to do with the gun he's pointing at Butch.
33) 37) dialog: Nooooo!!! Jerry tosses Gladys aside. She collapses onto the floor. The TWINS instantly start to CRY. Phillip winds up and hits Butch as hard as he can. Butch him up, directs Cummings into the kitchen with the gun an for Jerry to lead.
34) 1) dialog: Phillip!!!!... Butch flips Jerry the gun, tosses Phillip into the passen seat, leaps over the hood and into the driver's seat. The CAR STARTS and SQUEALS away. Neighbors, aroused by the noise, exit their homes clad in robes, nighties and curlers.
135) 0) text: A large group of very serious advisors sit and stand in a circle around the Governor's desk. Across from GOVERNOR CONNALLY sits a nervous, near tears GLADYS PERRY. An AIDE on the telephone, turns to the Governor.
221) 6) dialog: (into megaphone)
225) 4) text: Make her say it! Red looks to Gladys as if to say, "go ahead".   She seems reluctant. Red's frustration is showing.
227) 1) dialog: (to Red)
227) 8) dialog: (yells)
231) 9) text: Why the hell's he stoppin'? (to Gladys; direct)
231) 10) text: Call for yer' boy to come! Gladys, near shock, AD LIBS commands to Phillip. "Come on honey," "Phillip, keep walking," that kind of thing. (NOTE: Her commands become more and more shrieking and frantic and continue throughout, giving rise to even more confusion than is already present.)
241) 2) dialog: Run, Phillip!   Come here, Phillip!