2) 0) text: (Graduation ceremony wardrobe) Walt and Billie sit at a table. A Cadillac can be seen through the window (ATLANTA LANDMARK), parked beside the restaurant.
2) 1) dialog: Here they are. Walt looks out the window and sees Chris drive up in his old yellow Datsun with Carine in the passenger seat beside him, and pulls up to the space beside the Cadillac.
4) 0) text: Chris and Carine join Walt and Billie at the table. Billie gets up and gives Chris a big hug.
4) 1) dialog: You scared the daylights out of me, jumping on to that stage, oh my god. Chris gives Carine a look.   Walt extends his hand to Chris.
5) 4) dialog: That's very specific.
5) 8) text: Yeah. I've got to figure out what I'm going to do. I got a lot of things to pack and organize here first. BILLIE
5) 12) dialog: You promise? CHRIS
5) 13) text: (whining) Mom. BILLIE
5) 23) dialog: We weren't going to get you a Cadillac, Chris. Just a nice new car that's safe to drive. You don't know when that thing's just going to suddenly blow up.
21) 0) text: We see Walt and Billie's car pass under an Atlanta mileage sign.
22) 0) text: We observe Walt and Billie chatting with Chris' apartment manager.
34) 0) text: Walt, Billie, and Carine sit around the kitchen table in August. A copy of Chris' ticket has been sent to the Annandale address and sits before them. Billie and Carine sit silently. Walt's on the phone.
46) 0) text: Chris stands beside the family piano, speaking to a party of his parent's friends, Walt and Billie among them. Beside him, a large gift-wrapped present. Carine sits at the foot of the stairs at the back of the room watching her brother with a hint of concern.
114) 2) dialog: (screaming, angry)
114) 5) dialog: Fuck you!   I hate you! Sounds of scuffle.
114) 7) dialog: 
115) 5) text: I'll just cancel Christmas then! Billie returns to him, punching on his chest:
115) 6) dialog: Who do you think you are?   God?
115) 9) dialog: (not in desperation so much as a demand for their witness)
136) 0) text: This is the vista of former barracks foundations Rainey and Jan Burres had told Chris about. Hundreds of people in tents and trailers, a quarter inch to the right of a Rainbow Gathering as hillbillies and renegades mix with the hippies. There are canvas-covered booths set up for swap and trade. Even a few makeshift food stands.
184) 0) text: 1. We ZOOM into Walt McCandless' face as he looks through the Questar telescope that Chris had given him. ANGLE: The stars through the telescope. The same stars his son walks under...somewhere. We PAN ACROSS SPACE. (Note: This montage will intercut Chris' traveling POV with objective shots. However, we never SEE Chris.) 2. We PULL BACK from the starry night sky to see it framed from within a moving train. 3. Carine in her shower, water cascades over her face. 4. Billie in her kitchen, making dinner. 5. Through the windshield of a semi-truck, the sun rises on Glacier National Park. 6. A HANDHELD ZOOM-OUT from Canadian border crossing, CAMERA TURNS to the woods beyond and MOVES INTO THEM.
187) 0) text: Billie sitting bolt upright in the middle of the night, tears rolling down her cheeks. Walt awakens beside her.
187) 2) dialog: I wasn't dreaming! I didn't imagine it! I heard his voice, Walt. I heard Chris. Walt takes her in his arms, trying to squeeze life into both of them.
246) 0) text: Chris, approaching the Annandale house.    His backpack o and body healthy. Billie parts the curtains, ecstatic to see Chris approach, alive and healthy. We SEE but do not hear her call to Walt. A smiling Chris steps up the curb, approaching home. Walt and Billie - we PUSH INTO them as they gleefully run out the front door to their returning son. PUSH INTO Chris - he dispatches his backpack to the ground and runs toward his parents' embrace.