3) 2) dialog: Who wrote that?
3) 6) dialog: Thanks, big brother. They exit the car and frame.
4) 0) text: Chris and Carine join Walt and Billie at the table. Billie gets up and gives Chris a big hug.
5) 11) text: (reluctantly) Sure, I will. Carine's not so sure.
5) 28) dialog: I wouldn't say no to a new car.
5) 31) dialog: (laughing it off)
14) 14) dialog: I think this is when Chris began to see "careers" as a diseased invention of the twentieth century and to resent money and the useless priority people made of it in their lives. He'd begun planning to "slay the beast"...to make himself free.
19) 1) dialog: Toward the end of June, Chris had mailed our parents his final grade report. Walt and Billie open the envelope.
19) 2) dialog: Almost all A's. "A" in Apartheid in South African Society and History of Anthropological Thought; A- in Contemporary African Politics and the Food Crisis in Africa; and on it went. Clever boy, my brother. We observe Carine in a delicate afternoon light. She is sitting up on her bed with an unread book, looking out the window toward us.
19) 3) dialog: But by the end of July we hadn't heard anything from him and my parents were getting very worried. Carine's POV:   Walt with his arm around Billie in the yard.
19) 4) dialog: Chris had never had a phone, so they decided to drive down to Atlanta and surprise him.
21) 2) dialog: When they arrived at the apartment, there was a "For Rent" sign in his window, and the manager told my parents that Chris had moved out at the end of June.
22) 1) dialog: When they got home, I had to hand them all the letters they had sent Chris that summer which had been returned in a bundle.
23) 1) dialog: Chris had instructed the post office to hold them until August 1st so that mom and dad wouldn't know that anything was up. Some part of me understood what he had done. That he had spent the previous four years fulfilling an absurd and onerous duty in graduating from college. We return to the image of Carine sitting on her bed as she plops on Chris' old graduation cap. We slowly ZOOM IN on her throughout the remaining V.O.
23) 2) dialog: And now, at last he was unincumbered. Emancipated from the stifling world of parents and peers. Abstraction, security, and material excess. Those things that cut Chris off from the raw truth of his existence. I only hoped he was safe...and I missed him.
34) 0) text: Walt, Billie, and Carine sit around the kitchen table in August. A copy of Chris' ticket has been sent to the Annandale address and sits before them. Billie and Carine sit silently. Walt's on the phone.
34) 1) dialog: If Chris were trying to disappear, it would have been a pretty uncharacteristic lapse for him to give the police his real place of residence. Though my parents had already contacted the Annandale police with their initial concerns, this ticket arriving from California made them frantic.
34) 4) dialog: My father called one of his old government friends who put him in touch with a private investigator, someone who'd done work with the DIA and the CIA. Using the Willow Creek ticket as a starting point, the investigator began chasing down leads. Most of them led far afield -- to Europe and South Africa. Ultimately turning up nothing. What my dad couldn't believe was that he'd given up his car. He seemed to love that Datsun so much. It sounded just like Chris to me, though. He was very much of the school that you should own nothing except what you could carry on your back at a dead run.
44) 1) dialog: In early September, mom and dad got a call from the Annandale police notifying them that Chris' abandoned car had been identified by the Arizona Highway Patrol after a group of rare flower hunters stumbled upon it in the desert. There were no signs that Chris had intended to return to it. But there wasn't any evidence of struggle. The police said they thought Chris had chosen to leave it behind and not that it had been taken from him. Nonetheless, the initial comfort that gave mom and dad, quickly turned to their realization that Chris was actually trying not to be found.
45) 1) dialog: The year Chris graduated high school he bought the Datsun, used. He wanted to drive it cross-country and visit our old neighborhood in California. The day before he left was my dad's birthday. Chris made a speech...
46) 0) text: Chris stands beside the family piano, speaking to a party of his parent's friends, Walt and Billie among them. Beside him, a large gift-wrapped present. Carine sits at the foot of the stairs at the back of the room watching her brother with a hint of concern.
46) 5) text: Would you look at that. Walt holds the telescope up for all to see.   And the party responds with applause. Chris walks through the cheering family friends to take his place beside Carine at the bottom of the steps.
46) 6) dialog: Jesus, you must've had a lot to drink.
46) 11) dialog: The day after the party, Chris left on his trip and ended up staying away most of the summer. It was nearly three months before he walked back into our house in Annandale. He had a scruffy beard, his hair was long and tangled, and he was rail thin. As soon as I heard he was home, I ran into his room to talk to him. In California, he'd looked up some old family friends who still lived there. He'd found out that long after he had been born, our dad had continued a relationship with his first wife Marcia in secret.
46) 13) dialog: And that one lie had led to another. That two years after Chris was born, dad had had another son with Marcia. Worse yet was that it was Marcia to whom he was still legally married at the time. And it was Chris and I who were the bastard children.
46) 16) dialog: Dad's arrogance made him conveniently oblivious to the pain he caused. And mom, in the shame and embarrassment of a young mistress, became his accomplice.
46) 22) dialog: He never did tell mom and dad that he knew. But Chris measured himself and those around him by an impossibly rigorous moral code. He loathed what he considered mom and dad's hypocrisy and resented what they considered guidance. Chris submitted to dad's authority through college but I knew he raged inwardly the whole time. It was inevitable that Chris would rebel. And when he did, he did it with characteristic immoderation. Walt suddenly collapses to his knees weeping, heartbroken and ashamed on a quiet Annandale street in the shadowless light of dusk.
46) 23) dialog: My father is a brilliant man. But he had made some terrible mistakes. And to some extent, it seemed Chris was making him pay an awful price. The image of Walt DISSOLVES INTO...
77) 1) dialog: It would be Christmas in a couple of months. And the last news we'd had was about his car being found. I woke up a couple of days ago, and for the first time, I was surprised to realize that it wasn't only my parents who hadn't heard from Chris. I wondered why he hadn't tried to call in case I might answer. He could've hung up if it wasn't me.
78) 2) dialog: But why he didn't send a letter, maybe through a friend. I got mad. But I told myself it was good. It made me remember that there was something more than rebellion, more than anger that was driving him. Chris had always been driven, had always been an adventurer. When he was four years old...
79) 1) dialog: ...he once wandered six blocks away from home at three o'clock in the morning.
80) 1) dialog: He was found in a neighbor's kitchen, up on a chair, digging into their candy drawer.
81) 1) dialog: Whatever drawer he was opening now must have something sweet in it.
115) 0) text: ELEVEN-YEAR OLD CARINE sits in the stairwell leading to her parent's room where an argument ensues. Carine's head in her hands, a delicate tear moistens the webs between her small fingers.
116) 0) text: The young Chris and Carine. She sits atop the handlebars of his bicycle beaming as Chris peddles her down the middle of the street. We PULL THEM as they ride. 79aA.
116) 3) dialog: (humored out of her sadness) Who do you think you are? God?
117) 1) dialog: In the nine months since Chris' disappearance, my parents went through enormous changes. Guilt was giving way to pain. And pain seemed to bring them closer. My father had humbled dramatically. And what had always been a sort of curt arrogance, the kind of man who actually thought he could cancel Christmas, had given way to the vulnerability of a father's heart. Even their faces had changed. It made me sad that I couldn't share with Chris the new closeness I felt toward our parents. The image of Chris reading begins a SLOW DISSOLVE INTO...
118) 1) dialog: I close my eyes at night sometimes and imagine where Chris might be. Suspicious, ghostly faces briefly appear in the strobing lights that hit the train car from outside. They're toothless and tattooed. Aged and young. Punks and piercings. They're train tramps. We see Chris observing them.   Warmly he speaks but we DO NOT HEAR, "I'm Alex."
119) 1) dialog: Was there beauty around him?   Was he hurt? Was he alone? We see Chris sharing camp with the train tramps in the outskirts of Las Vegas. DISSOLVE...
120) 1) dialog: Was he having the great adventure that he wanted? We see Chris working as a waiter in a Las Vegas restaurant. DISSOLVE...
121) 1) dialog: Could he feel the changes here at home? By some kind of supernatural osmosis? Chris once wrote to me from college saying he wanted to talk to me about all the problems he had with mom and dad. We see what may be Chris' POV from a train car snaking through a mountain pass.
122) 1) dialog: He said I was the only person in the world who could've possibly understood what he had to say. We see Chris in the Las Vegas desert by a campfire at night.
123) 1) dialog: In those silent moments, with my eyes closed trying to picture where Chris might be at that very moment, probably climbing some scary mountain, I want to reach into that picture and bring him back to see what mom and dad, what our family might become. LONG LENS: Chris disappears over the rise into the Seattle marketplace overlooking Puget Sound (per location photography.)
124) 1) dialog: But instead when I open my eyes, what I see is my mother, sitting at the dining room table, sifting through photo albums and pictures of Chris. It's all she can do to examine the snapshots. And, though she breaks down from time to time, she studies them with a sort of hungry intensity - like looking at food you can't eat, or into a window at a family around a table that you were once a part of and can be no more. We see Billie driving out of the Annandale supermarket onto the boulevard. She sees a hitchhiker roadside. She cranes her head - is it Chris? It's not.
124) 2) dialog: She convinces herself it's   Chris; that it's her son, whenever she   passes a stray. And I fear for the    mother in her...
125) 1) dialog: Instincts that seem to sense the threat of a loss so huge and irreparable that the mind balks at taking its measure - I begin to wonder if I do understand what Chris is saying any longer. But I catch myself in doubt and remember that these are not the parents he grew up with. That in the forced reflection that comes with loss, indeed everything Chris is saying, has to be said. And I trust for him that everything he is doing has to be done. This is our life.
138) 27) text: They should. But I can't. Not yet, anyway. I got a sister though, Carine. She's the most beautiful girl in the world. But, it's all got to stay behind me until I get where I'm going. RAINEY
143) 1) dialog: In high school, Chris became captain of the cross-country track team. They called themselves the Road Warriors. REVERSE ANGLE: The group of young runners, led by Chris suddenly veer off the paved road into the adjoining woods.
144) 1) dialog: He'd take them on what he loved to refer to as "epic" runs. The whole point was to run until they were completely lost and so exhausted that they were on the verge of puking. Then they'd slow down a little, somehow he'd find their bearings, and lead them home again at full speed. This was my brothers idea of fun. We FAVOR Chris as he jogs in place at the exhilarating point of being lost. When he has identified a most likely return route, he quickens his pace, leading the group in the direction of return.
145) 1) dialog: A year and a half into Chris' disappearance, each day that goes by now feels like two. Dad calls it "suspended animation." I kept telling myself that he had to get lost to prove his independence to himself. But this was no day run for the Road Warriors and after so much time, I could no longer keep out the haunting thoughts.
146) 1) dialog: In many ways, my life and even my parents had begun to move in new directions. I'd fallen in love. And mom and dad had even ventured out on a brief vacation. But, when a search of tax records uncovered Chris' contribution to OXFAM, the weight of his disappearance just seemed to lie down on us full length.
184) 0) text: 1. We ZOOM into Walt McCandless' face as he looks through the Questar telescope that Chris had given him. ANGLE: The stars through the telescope. The same stars his son walks under...somewhere. We PAN ACROSS SPACE. (Note: This montage will intercut Chris' traveling POV with objective shots. However, we never SEE Chris.) 2. We PULL BACK from the starry night sky to see it framed from within a moving train. 3. Carine in her shower, water cascades over her face. 4. Billie in her kitchen, making dinner. 5. Through the windshield of a semi-truck, the sun rises on Glacier National Park. 6. A HANDHELD ZOOM-OUT from Canadian border crossing, CAMERA TURNS to the woods beyond and MOVES INTO THEM.
185) 1) dialog: About a month short of the second anniversary of Chris' disappearance, I had gotten engaged to my boyfriend Jerry Ray and was moving in with him... Carine, packing her belongings into boxes, stumbles upon the Sharon Olds book Chris had given her on his graduation day.
185) 2) dialog: ...when I stumbled upon the book Chris had given me on his graduation day. For some reason, it was the last line of the poem he read that really stuck out. FLASH BACK: (From page 2-3)
186) 2) dialog: I asked Chris who had written the poem. What we SEE of Carine plays with the VOICE OVER TRACK and SILENT with the production track; in essence lip synching herself. Chris' dialogue comes directly from the flashback image.
186) 3) dialog: Who wrote that?
186) 5) dialog: What would he tell about now?   What did his voice sound like now?
186) 8) dialog: I realized that the words to my thoughts were of less and less meaning. Chris was writing his story and it had to be Chris who would tell it. The pictures in the scene BLUR as -
247) 3) text: He made it.   He lived.   He loved. Cat Stevens' Miles from Nowhere plays OVER: As we PULL AWAY from Chris' face through the bus window and up into the sky - We drift further and further away, above the stunted trees and the shimmering roof of the bus like a tiny white gleam in a wild green sea grows smaller and smaller. REPRISE IMAGE of truck driver taking picture of Chris in scene #1. Then it's him: The smiling STILL IMAGE we saw taken in the first scene from behind, but now we are seeing it from the front and it is the image of the real Christopher McCandless on the edge of the Stampede Trail. As it takes over the screen, we ZOOM SLOWLY into his smiling face. And then, these words appear superimposed over it: Dedicated to the memory of Christopher Johnson McCandless February 12, 1968 - August 18th, 1992 As those words dissolve, these words appear: On September 19, 1992, Carine McCandless flew with her brother's ashes from Alaska home to the eastern seaboard. She carried them with her on the plane...in her backpack.