1) 7) dialog: her pitiful beautiful untouched body, his arrogant handsome blind face turning to me, his pitiful beautiful untouched body, but I don't do it. I want to live. I take them up like the male and female paper dolls and bang them together at the hips like chips of flint as if to strike sparks from them, I say... The last graduation cap falls out of the `blue sky' frame, and into...
3) 0) text: Chris is holding a book from which he reads aloud the LAST LINE OF THE POEM...
3) 1) dialog: I say...Do what you are going to do, and I will tell about it.
3) 3) dialog: Well, it could've been either one of us, couldn't it? He hands a book of Sharon Olds' poetry to her.
3) 4) dialog: There's a lot of great poems in there.
4) 0) text: Chris and Carine join Walt and Billie at the table. Billie gets up and gives Chris a big hug.
4) 3) dialog: I'm starving.
5) 0) text: The foods on the table.   Chris is devouring a steak.
5) 1) dialog: My grades are gonna be good enough, I think, to get into Harvard Law.
5) 3) dialog: It's an inheritance, dad. I've only been spending it as a college fund...Exactly twenty-four thousand five hundred dollars and sixty-eight cents.
5) 5) dialog: I had to go to the bank this morning.
5) 7) text: Well, we'll certainly contribute the balance for Harvard. CHRIS
5) 10) text: You'll come to Annandale before you disappear on us, won't you? CHRIS
5) 15) text: We want to get you out of that junker. CHRIS
5) 17) dialog: The Datsun? WALT
5) 18) text: Yes.   We want to get you a new car. CHRIS
5) 21) dialog: (Mocking the Cadillac)
5) 24) dialog: Blow up? Blow up?! Are you guys crazy? It's a great car. I don't need a new car. I don't want a new car. I don't want anything. Thing, thing, thing. Under the table, Carine jabs Chris' leg.    Chris returni to polite -
5) 25) dialog: But, thanks anyway.
5) 27) dialog: I said thank you. I just don't want anything. The group returns to some superficial calm.
5) 29) dialog: (mumbling a rib)
5) 32) text: Shut up, Chris. (to her parents, seriously)
7) 0) text: In a warm ambient light, we SEE a black and white poster on a barren wall: Poncho-clad Clint Eastwood from "The Good, The Bad, And The Ugly." We TILT DOWN a stack of books sitting on the floor - Tolstoy, Stegner, Thoreau, Jack London, and Pasternak. Beside them, a camper's backpack. Chris sits in introspection at his desk by candlelight. The room is spare, supporting his monkish lifestyle. But on the desk before him, he counts out $500.68 from a bank envelope. He pockets those bills and change, then removes a check for $24,000 made out to OXFAM America from the same bank envelope. He scribbles a note: These are all my savings. Feed someone with it. Signed, Chris McCandless. He then slides the note and the check into a pre-addressed Oxford Famine Relief Fund (in Boston) envelope. He pulls his wallet from his back pocket. Pulls all the cards and pictures from its sleeves. Considering each, he flicks them into a trash bin, one by one. Finally coming to his social security card, he holds it to the candles flame. As the flame burns bright we -
11) 0) text: Chris McCandless, in the same clothes he had been in back in the rooming house, sleeps in the back seat of the Datsun. His head supported by his backpack. We begin to HEAR a rumble. But this rumble is not thunder. It rapidly builds into an alarming ROAR. The roar grows to a deafening level. Chris awakens.
12) 0) text: What remains of Chris' travelling money burns in a pile beside the Datsun on the sun-lit but muddy desert floor. We follow a very long set of footprints (CAMERA TRACKING/TRUE VERTICAL) away from the burning cash through the mud, finally tilting up to the footprint maker, Chris. Slogging toward high ground. WIDE-SHOT: We see the abandoned Datsun nearly a mile behind Chris as he walks toward us wearing his backpack. He comes very close to camera (only a day or two's stubble on his face) and as we PAN him 180, we see as much wilderness before us as we did behind.
12) 2) text: Chris walks into the distance. COMPLETE AND END MAIN TITLES.
13) 3) text: This is Emory University freshman Chris McCandless reporting from the vault at Thompson Hall. He indicates a hatchway in the floor leading to a brightly lit corridor below. CHRIS (CONT'D)
13) 4) text: We have just dynamited the hatchway and are the first human beings to step foot into this vault in over a hundred years. Somewhere in here lies the secret of the great beast within us all. A beast built on lies, corruption, and greed. We HEAR a GROWLING SOUND from behind Chris. CHRIS (CONT'D)
13) 5) text: And there it is! The legendary beast Mocra. CAMERA quickly PANS to a blanket-wrapped, crawling FELLOW STUDENT in a grotesque Halloween mask. We MOVE INTO CU on the monster growling. QUICK PAN back to Chris. CHRIS (CONT'D)
13) 6) text: (in mock fright) We've got to get out of here quick and re- secure the hatch while we make a plan of how to kill the beast. CAMERA SHAKES all over like a bad horror film trying to stay with Chris as he makes a quick escape down the hatchway into the University dorm corridor. CLUMSY VIDEO TIME CUT: Chris nailing the last nail in the hatchway from below. He climbs down the steps where he exchanges his hammer for his microphone from an off- camera source. CHRIS (CONT'D)
13) 9) dialog: - at least for the moment, in sealing the beast back into the vault. Your humble reporter, Chris McCandless will now struggle with the journalistic question of ethics: Will he retain his reporter's objectiveness or save the future of human truth by slaying this awful beast? He gives us a look of vaudevillian puzzlement - what will he do?
13) 11) dialog: Once again, your humble reporter Chris McCandless. We HEAR OS students commenting on Chris and his video crew:
13) 14) dialog: (with a Wizard of Oz tone)
14) 0) text: A FELLOW STUDENT PLAYING TED TURNER with obvious fake mustache is locked into an episode of Matlock on his television set as our bold reporter, Chris, barges in.
14) 1) dialog: Ted! We've got a monster in the vault. It represents all the corruption, the deceit, and greed within us all. I must slay it.
14) 4) text: McCandless, how many times have I had to tell you? I've had to tell you that you are a journalist and you can't get personally involved in your cases...or your stories. CHRIS
14) 6) text: Do you know who you're talking to?   I'm Ted Turner. Behind Chris in the corridor outside Ted's office, a PANICKED STUDENT arrives at the door. PANICKED STUDENT
14) 8) text: (threatening) It'll mean your job, Chris McCandless. CHRIS
14) 9) text: (to Ted) That's it, Ted. Fire me if you want but this beast must be slayed. Microphone in hand, Chris makes haste. The CAMERA RUNS WITH HIM out the door, through the corridor, up a set of steps to the hatchway. As he arrives, the monster appears above him in the hatchway crawl space having pulled off the board Chris had nailed. CHRIS (CONT'D)
14) 10) text: (into camera) This is the only thing that can kill the monster. It's gonna be risky but without great risk, there is no freedom. So we will now hear from the famous singer - Chris McCandless.
14) 12) text: When we were little, Chris was very to himself. He wasn't anti-social, he always had friends, and everybody liked him - but he could go off and entertain himself for hours, he didn't seem to need toys or friends. He could be alone without being lonely. The secrets our parents kept, though unknown to Chris and I, led to bouts of rage and even violence between them that we had been forced to witness since we were very young. It seemed like they never fought without us. I remember the first family meeting to let Chris and me in on their plans for getting a divorce. They wanted us to choose which of them we'd live with. I cried my eyes out. But the divorce never happened, though the threats and meetings never stopped. It wasn't long before Chris and I shut off -- we would tell mom and dad to go ahead and get the divorce. Chris and I just wanted to get away from their fights and mom kept promising to get out and take us with her as soon as their company made enough money. Dad had been the young genius [that] NASA enlisted to do [crucial] designs for the American satellite radar systems that would be our answer to the Russian Sputnik. And mom and he later started up a consulting firm combining her get-up- and-go resourcefulness with his wealth of knowledge. By the time the company actually made its first million, the careerism and money seemed to erase her memory of the promise she'd made us. (MORE)
16) 0) text: Chris brushes his teeth.
16) 1) dialog: I need a name. He takes a swallow of water. Rinses his mouth. Spits it out. Then checks his bearded face in the mirror. He likes what he sees. As he wipes the corners of his mouth with a tissue and throws it into the bin below the sink, he notices a discarded tube of lipstick. He picks it up. It's down to its end. Yet with what lipstick remains, he writes on the mirror:
17) 0) text: Chris is behind the cafe beside a pair of dumpsters. He removes the Datsun's license plates from his backpack and discards them deeply into the garbage.
18) 0) text: Chris appears from behind the cafe lugging his backpack up the rise from the cafe to the highway and starts thumbing for a ride.
20) 0) text: Chris, backpack on, walking away from camera.
22) 0) text: We observe Walt and Billie chatting with Chris' apartment manager.
24) 5) text: ANGLE: Chris -   In his eyes we see the landscape inject itself.
25) 0) text: SEQUENCE: Chris makes camp beside a stream pulling a sack of rice from his backpack and cooking it.
26) 0) text: Wrapped in his own "The Good, The Bad, And The Ugly" poncho, Chris eats rice while crouched beside a campfire reading from Jack London's White Fang.
27) 0) text: Chris is on the move north through the gorgeous landscape of the Sierras, humming as he walks, when he comes upon a sign on the trail: PERMIT CAMPING IN DESIGNATED CAMPGROUNDS ONLY. Chris bows to the sign as one would to speak to a small child.
27) 1) dialog: (singing)
27) 5) dialog: Do this. Don't do that. Can't you read the sign? And then, very impulsively, he karate kicks the sign off its post into a log collapsing into ---
28) 0) text: A burning log collapses in Chris' campfire, reduced to glowing embers.
29) 0) text: Chris is awakened by the SOUND of TWIGS SNAPPING in a nearby thicket. He quickly grabs a knife from his backpack, unzips six inches of the tent door open. We see his eyes peering out. The CRACKLING moves closer. His grip on the knife tightens. Suddenly a hot white light hits his face.   And a VOICE comes from behind the light.
29) 2) dialog: (as he drops the knife to the ground)
29) 8) text: You mind if I take a look in your tent? CHRIS
29) 9) text: Go ahead. The Forest Ranger bends over. Pops his flashlight through the tent door and peers around a bit before re- addressing Chris. FOREST RANGER
29) 10) text: You're not the character who knocked down our sign, are ya? CHRIS
29) 12) text: Because there was a sign indicating that camping was allowed by permit only. CHRIS
29) 14) text: No, I'm sure you don't. Listen, it looks like you've got your food secured pretty good, so I'm not gonna make you move on tonight. But, these bears out here are nursing young and you know how that goes. Next time, stop at the Rangers station and get yourself a permit. CHRIS
30) 0) text: Chris descends the mountains where they meet the Redwoods. Every perilous step creates a mini landslide down the hill; dirt and gravel. Chris stops briefly to observe an over-flying commercial airliner.
30) 1) dialog: (mocking imaginary conversation among passengers)
30) 2) text: Is that a man mommy? That's no mere man, sweetheart. That's Alexander SuperTramp! King of the wild frontier! Chris briefly waves to the airplane above and continues his descent.
32) 2) dialog: Alright man.    Thanks a lot. Chris is dropped off. The driver veers off the highway and into the distance. Chris is left behind to hitch another ride.
33) 0) text: CAMERA is across the road from Chris as one by one cars pass him by. He turns to move north by foot and we track with him, his back to oncoming traffic, he continues to hitchhike with an extended thumb. Something catches his eye in the treeline beside the road.
33) 2) text: How're you doin' this evening? CHRIS
33) 4) text: You wanna put your backpack down on the hood of my car. Chris does not oblige.
33) 5) dialog: Why? POLICEMAN
33) 6) text: Because I asked you to, sir. CHRIS
33) 8) text: Do you know that it's unlawful to hitchhike on this stretch of highway. CHRIS
33) 10) text: Do you see a safe area for a vehicle to stop? We got a tree-lined highway without a substantial shoulder here. And we've had a lot of accidents on this road from people stopping in the traffic lane for hitchhikers. CHRIS
33) 13) dialog: (in disbelief)
33) 16) dialog: I don't have any.
33) 19) text: Well, I'm gonna site you for unlawful hitchhiking. You don't have to appear. You can send a check directly to the Humboldt County Clerks Office for restitution. If you don't pay it within 30 days, you're subject to fine and warrant. I'm gonna trust that you're gonna give me accurate information. What's your name? Chris can't bring himself to lie.
33) 20) dialog: (a beat)
33) 21) text: McCandless. Christopher Johnson McCandless.
34) 0) text: Walt, Billie, and Carine sit around the kitchen table in August. A copy of Chris' ticket has been sent to the Annandale address and sits before them. Billie and Carine sit silently. Walt's on the phone.
35) 3) dialog: (as Jan fiddles with side door handle)
35) 10) dialog: Hey, Rainey.    Hi Jan.    I'm Alex.
35) 12) dialog: (closing the side door)
35) 13) text: Yeah. Jan jumps back in passenger seat and the van rolls on. 39   INT. RAINEY &amp; JAN VAN 3-SHOT - CHRIS BETWEEN THEM IN THE BACKSEAT.
35) 15) dialog: Couple of days. But sometimes I forget to put my thumb out.
35) 18) dialog: (excited)
36) 0) text: Chris, Jan, and Rainey are beside a campfire, sitting on blankets. Their tents loom behind them. Jan is weaving some sort of craft art. Chris is chomping on chicken and beans like they're going out of style.
36) 1) dialog: (between large swallows)
36) 4) dialog: I'm a leather? Rainey nods, smiling.
36) 5) dialog: (looking to Jan)
36) 9) text: (interjecting) As we have a vee-hi-cle. Rainey makes a move to put his arm around Jan. She goes a little stiff and fends it off. Chris notices. JAN
36) 10) text: Alex could have a vehicle. If he didn't burn his money. Why would you want to do that? CHRIS
36) 12) text: (a little irritated) Well, you have to be a little cautious Alex. That book of yours is all well and fine but you can't depend entirely on leaves and berries. CHRIS
36) 14) text: Where's your mom and dad? CHRIS
36) 16) text: Come on Chris. You look like a loved             * kid. Be fair.                                    * CHRIS
36) 18) text: You know what I mean. CHRIS
37) 0) text: Chris sits up reading, his tent entry flap ajar to let the small candle lantern ventilate. OS we HEAR a ZIPPING SOUND. It's Rainey. We see him from Chris' POV coming out of his tent deep in thought. As he moves to the glowing embers of what remains of the campfire, Rainey's face goes out of frame and all Chris can see are his booted feet, tapping bits of glowing wood into the center of the fire. The tapping is slow and thoughtful. Micro-embers float upward into the night. Chris' tent flap closes by his own hand. ANGLE: Chris' dog-ears his book and puts out the lantern.
38) 0) text: We see Chris foraging for firewood in the bluffs above the beach. He's got it tied to his back and his front. If we didn't know better, we'd think he was camouflaging himself. Chris' POV: The rocks beside the water's edge. We see Rainey sitting beside the water, staring out to sea. We follow Chris' gaze to Jan, some fifty yards down the beach, walking melancholically in the opposite direction of Rainey. ANGLE: Rainey at the water's edge.   Chris appears beside him.
38) 5) text: Well, my friend, all is not well on the hippie front. Chris pulls out his pocketknife, cuts the twine that binds the firewood to his body, and takes a seat beside Rainey. RAINEY (CONT'D)
38) 6) text: You're an industrious little fucker, aren't ya... Yeah, it's funny how things happen at particular times. I've loved that woman for a lot of years. But you know, she's got a...story. We've been going through this thing real quietly cause, well...So, after running into you last night, this thing we were going through quietly, she started talking about. You know what I mean? CHRIS
38) 8) text: You think what? Chris is looking off at Jan walking in the distance. CHRIS
38) 10) text: That's a helluva insight. Jesus!... You're not Jesus, are you? You gonna walk on that water and get her back for me? CHRIS
38) 11) text: Actually, I'm a little afraid of water. Rainey gives him a sideways glance. CHRIS (CONT'D)
38) 14) dialog: So, I'll swim in it if you'll carry the firewood back to the campsite.
39) 0) text: Through a burning campfire in the late afternoon, we see the chilly bodies of Chris and Jan carrying their clothes run shivering toward us. Rainey sits beside the campfire.
39) 3) text: That's not hot enough. Put your arms around me. As they embrace, Chris throws a coat on from his tent, puts on his funny straw hat, and grabs a book. Rainey has wrapped a blanket around Jan and they sit beside the fire.
39) 5) dialog: I'm going to go down the beach a ways and read a little bit. I'll bring the rest of that wood back before nightfall.
39) 7) dialog: Sounds good. He heads off down the beach.
40) 0) text: Jan and Rainey on a blanket sharing a joint. Chris lying beside the campfire in his sleeping bag. Jan takes a toke, passes the joint to Rainey.
40) 4) text: You'd like that if you're still on the road. Lot of fellow travelers. Rainey offers the joint to Chris.   Chris passes it up with a hand gesture. CHRIS
40) 6) text: It's down in Niland, California.   You know where the Salton Sea is? CHRIS
40) 13) text: Livin' on the cheap under the sun. CHRIS
40) 21) dialog: Yeah...my mother made it from a kit. Jan sees an almost imperceptible mother pang in Chris, but he pushes it away quickly.
40) 22) dialog: I'm gonna sleep out here by the fire.     I want to read a little bit. Jan moves to Chris, hugs him, kisses him on the cheek.
41) 0) text: The fire is burning low. Chris reads from Thoreau's WALDEN from the chapter on "Higher Laws" as we move slowly in toward him, we begin to HEAR quiet sounds of what may be love-making coming from Rainey and Jan's tent. A gentle smile comes over Chris' face and in its irony, he looks to the page before him.
42) 0) text: Gulls pierce into the grey morning ocean, snapping from schools of fish. And the subtle crackling of a campfire's death. There on the beach, Jan and Rainey's van, their tent, and the fireless coals of last night. But no sign of Chris, his bag or his tent. Jan appears from her tent, rubbing her eyes. She wears a sarong which she re-secures at the breast, then notices that Chris has left. But where his tent had been, the words:
44) 0) text: We see Chris hitching down a lonely two-lane road surrounded by fields and distant mountains.
46) 0) text: Chris stands beside the family piano, speaking to a party of his parent's friends, Walt and Billie among them. Beside him, a large gift-wrapped present. Carine sits at the foot of the stairs at the back of the room watching her brother with a hint of concern.
46) 1) dialog: (a little drunk, a little emotional)
46) 2) text: Dad, you and I have had our differences over the years...but on your birthday I want to tell you how grateful I am for all the things you've given me. And that you did it starting from nothing to working your way through college and busting your ass to support us kids. So, in return, I've been busting my ass a bit...at Domino's Pizza - Chris moves to the gift.
46) 3) dialog: and I've gotten you this token, this damned expensive token, as a token of that appreciation. Chris holds the large gift toward Walt. Walt moves through his friends to Chris and strips the paper, exposing a beautiful Questar Telescope.
46) 5) text: Would you look at that. Walt holds the telescope up for all to see.   And the party responds with applause. Chris walks through the cheering family friends to take his place beside Carine at the bottom of the steps.
46) 7) dialog: Too much and not enough. I used to believe all that stuff. That whole story. I thought maybe if I said it again, I'd believe it. But I don't.
47) 0) text: A pick-up truck pulls over for Chris. As Chris jumps in, we see on the passenger side door, the name WAYNE WESTERBERG boldly painted across it. Chris hops in beside a hyper kinetic man with thick shoulders and a black goatee.
47) 3) dialog: (shaking hands)
47) 9) dialog: Oh, I wouldn't want to burden you.
47) 11) dialog: Couple of days. I kinda ran out of money.
48) 0) text: Wayne's truck cuts through a track in a wheat field moving toward a compound of three trailers, one a double- wide, the other two on wheels, smaller. Beside them, a Wyeth-esque farmhouse. He eases the engine and comes to a stop in front of the double-wide. As he and Chris dismount the truck, Wayne gives him a hushing finger across the lips. They tip-toe up to the door, where Wayne shuffles a bunch of keys. A little thunder kicking in the distant sky.
49) 0) text: As Wayne and Chris enter, they tip-toe over empty booze bottles and passed out work crew; Wayne's harvesting team. They make their way to a small table in the kitchenette. Remains of the evening's dinner are on the stove. Wayne turns on the stovetop coils to heat it up.
49) 2) dialog: I was thinking about doubling back through the Canadian side of Glacier Park.
49) 6) text: I can bring you to the border at Sweet Grass once you've had some food. CHRIS
49) 8) text: Well, I do a lot of things. Computer programming. Video game repair. I'm a licensed pilot, own a grain elevator in Carthage and another one a few miles out of town. But in the summertime I run a combine crew, follow the harvest from Texas way the hell north to the Canadian border. We just got done cutting barley for Coors and Anheuser Busch. But then I got this little black box deal on the side (You know what I mean?) CHRIS
49) 11) text: You said it, not me. Chris is dazzled by this renaissance man of the plains. Wayne stands to dish out a couple of plates of heated food. As Chris starts digging in, a major gust of wind rocks the trailer. WAYNE (CONT'D)
49) 12) text: (smiling, responding to wind) OOOOOOH. Chris doesn't respond, digs into the food. Points to the unconscious tribe splayed out. SIX GERMANIC-LOOKING UNCONSCIOUS BODIES. CHRIS
49) 18) dialog: Madison.    Okay. Just then, the rain kicks in full gear outside, pounding the trailer shell. A couple hits of lightning follow.
49) 20) dialog: Thanks Wayne. I will.
50) 0) text: We are TIGHT on Chris' hand atop the shifter of one of Wayne's lumbering harvesters.
51) 0) text: Six men including Wayne and Chris, two among them - Hudderites, crowd in to the small dinner area of the trailer. Talking politics and bullshit, and eating a welcome meal.
51) 2) dialog: I'd take a White Russian if you've got it. The group of men laugh at the youngster's order of a fancy drink.
51) 5) dialog: No, I just like White Russians.
51) 7) dialog: Really?
51) 11) dialog: (raising his beer)
54) 0) text: In the passenger seat, Chris is glowing at his new surroundings. Wayne picks up the CB radio.
56) 0) text: Chris follows Wayne up the narrow stairwell.
57) 0) text: Wayne plops Chris' pack beside a single bed in the tiny but comfortable room. Chris enters, very happy with his new quarters.
57) 2) text: Then you want to put your charm in overdrive cause we like to PAH-TAY! Wayne gives Chris a wink and exits, shutting the door behind him. Chris takes in his new surroundings. He's on a work crew and he likes it. Chris makes the move for the shower but by the time he opens his door to the hall, all the other crew members are barreling up the stairs in front of them, clamoring for dibs (Chris' POV)
58) 0) text: The Jack Daniels is flowing. Wayne's crew drinks, smokes, and strikes out with every fat woman in the place. GAIL BORAH, an on-again, off-again girlfriend of Wayne's tends bar. A petite sad-eyed woman, slight as a heron, delicate features and long blond hair. Wayne and Chris sit at the end of the bar.
58) 4) dialog: (shyly)
59) 0) text: Wayne and Chris are both drunk.
59) 3) text: Outdoors-man. What's the interest in all that? CHRIS
59) 5) text: Alaska, Alaska? Or city Alaska?     The city Alaska does have markets. CHRIS
59) 10) text: (coughing) Society, right. CHRIS
59) 12) text: Who "people" we talking about? CHRIS
59) 21) text: Come on, give Mr. Happy a kiss! On the television above the bar appears Reverend Jesse Jackson. We can't hear him but we can see him. Chris points at the television and yells out to the entire bar of cowboys and ranch hands -
59) 22) dialog: Now, that's who could be President! Wayne buries his face in his hands.
60) 0) text: Chris is sacked out from his night of drinking when -
61) 0) text: All the boys are hard at it, including Chris and Wayne. Wayne moves to Chris' side.
61) 2) dialog: I like all this.
62) 0) text: While Wayne and most of the crew get a little rest in the shade of the grain elevator and eat their lunches, Chris and Kevin are deep in a bald patch in the field. Kevin is taking Chris through the paces of smoking and curing meat in the wilds. Chris listens and takes notes. (Director's note: Cast a "Kevin" who knows this shit and shoot it as a dialogue scene as well as a silent tableau.)
63) 0) text: The place is packed and Chris is taking over the piano, surprising everyone with a tremendous talent. Segueing from honky-tonk country to ragtime, he's become the life of the party. The MUSIC continues OVER:
64) 0) text: All the men of Wayne's crew (who by now we've come to know) and Chris are working their asses off. POST LAP MUSIC FADES OUT as we:
64) 2) text: (to Chris, as he lowers himself down the man-lift)
64) 3) text: I gotta take a piss. Chris' POV: from high in the grain elevator. He watches Wayne below, as Wayne saunters out to the field to take a piss. With his back to us, Wayne whips it out and starts pissing about 25 yards from the grain elevator. CU Wayne. He looks up from his urination, the grain elevator behind him. We see a slight mischievous smile come to his face. He puts his hands up into the air when suddenly - Six unmarked FBI vehicles surround him. (Director's note: Triangulate three long lenses on Wayne as the mysterious cars enter each frame, as they skid to a dusty stop on all sides of him.) Chris and the men of his crew look on. MAN #1
64) 6) text: Sorry boys. Gonna have to shut down for a while. Alex! You come back and work for me anytime. (to Chris and the men) Gail's got all your checks, guys. I shouldn't be away too long. With that, the FBI agents have hustled the good-natured Wayne into the back of one of the cars.
65) 0) text: Chris sits at the end of the bar with Gail Borah.
65) 1) dialog: I've been thinking a lot about Alaska.
65) 3) dialog: Yeah, maybe I ought to put off going to Alaska, at least so I can get settled up there in decent weather.
65) 5) dialog: (putting on his cowboy)
65) 8) dialog: I will. Thanks Gail .   And tell Wayne, I'll drop him a line. He gives her a kiss on the cheek and he's off.
66) 0) text: Empty Carthage streets but for Christopher Johnson McCandless walking off as we CRANE UP.
68) 0) text: Chris disembarks the long-haulers truck, waves a goodbye, and the truck moves on. SERIES OF ANGLES: Chris walking south through the desert following the river bank. He covers twelve miles before he arrives in an Arizona town, a dusty weigh-in station.
69) 0) text: The town is quiet but along the storefront lane where Chris walks, he comes upon a sporting goods store. In the window, a fiberglass river kayak. Chris stares at it.
70) 0) text: We HEAR passing cars humming above. Chris has set up camp and he's digging in the dirt. He buries many of his belongings. He makes sure he's got his check from working with Wayne in his pocket. He packs only the essential items, burying all else. He gets into his sleeping bag and goes to sleep.
71) 0) text: Chris backpacks past the mushroom rock forms at the entrance of Lee's Ferry.
72) 0) text: Chris approaches the GREEN-SUITED FUNCTIONARY at the front desk.
72) 2) dialog: Yeah. If I wanted to paddle down the river, where's the best place to launch out of?
72) 4) dialog: Not much.
72) 6) dialog: A permit for what?
72) 8) dialog: Wait-list?   To paddle down a river?
72) 10) dialog: (giggling)
72) 14) dialog: (laughing)
72) 17) dialog: Thanks for your help. The Green Suit eyes Chris' departure with suspicion.
73) 0) text: Chris stands beside a dramatic section of rapids.    The whitewater roars. As we SLOWLY ZOOM INTO Chris' face, terrified and absorbed by the torrent, a bead of sweat drops across his forehead, TILTS OUR CAMERA to his trembling hands and legs, when Peter Gabriel's I Have The Touch begins to play.
73) 3) dialog: (to himself)
73) 4) text: I'm Superman. SuperTramp. He feels immortal. He makes his about-face and is about to head down stream when he sees at the river's edge, a group of RIVER TOURISTS and their GUIDE lunching beside a pontoon raft. The tourists look like a bunch of bewildered tubby-troopers in their misfitted orange life- vests and cereal bowl helmets. The RIVER GUIDE yells out at Chris as Chris moves PAST CAMERA and away. The guide gets on his satellite phone to alert the Rangers. We ZOOM SLOWLY away from them toward the rapid.
74) 0) text: Phillip Glass' Cloudscape plays OVER:   Chris paddles on. LOW ANGLE: It is a narrow gorge of solid rock, looking up from hundreds of feet below the canyon crest.
75) 0) text: The canyon has widened to beach-like banks.   Music FADES Along the banks he sees a YOUNG BLONDE COUPLE. This is MADS and SONJA, in their 20's, Danish. They play at the river's edge beside their campsite, hotdogs cooking on a Hibachi. Chris averts his eyes when Sonja rises from the water, topless.
75) 3) dialog: Hello.
75) 6) text: We have hotdogs! Chris - can't turn that down!   He paddles to within feet of the water's edge. MADS (CONT'D)
75) 7) text: I am Mads. CHRIS
75) 9) text: I am Sonja. Chris gives Sonja a little wave. She bypasses it, wading up to the Kayak, giving him a big hug. SONJA (CONT'D)
75) 11) text: We are from Copenhagen.   And you are from the rapids. CHRIS
75) 14) text: Crazy man. You're a crazy man!    Sonja, he is a crazy man. (to Chris) I'll make you a hotdog. Mads grabs a hotdog from the Hibachi. MADS (CONT'D)
75) 15) text: Just one minute. One minute... Sonja has moved to the tent to put on a dry T-shirt. But as she moves back to the water's edge, those nipples keep saying Hello. Chris, meanwhile, simply cannot wipe the smile off his face in the presence of these warm, open people.
75) 17) text: I love this. Don't you love this? This is nature. We see it in the American movies. How come you're crazy? CHRIS
75) 19) text: (interrupting) Because that's crazy! You come down the rapids. What do you want on your hotdog? Mustard and relish? CHRIS
75) 21) text: No, I have mustard and relish. CHRIS
75) 25) text: (translating) She asked me why I'm stupid. And I say, well...like I ask you why you're crazy and you say "well." Where are you going? CHRIS
75) 32) text: You can take kayak around Lake Mead and then take the river down to Mexico. Chris likes the idea. CHRIS
75) 35) text: Maybe three hundred thirty kilometers...like two hundred miles. Sonja walks the map over to Chris at water's edge and hands it to him. He studies it. CHRIS
75) 36) text: Man, I wonder if I could go all the way down into the Gulf of California. Chris traces his finger along the impossibly long route leading to El Golfo de Santa Clara. MADS
75) 37) text: (entering the water with Chris' hotdog)
75) 39) text: (in Danish) You're embarrassing.   Idiot. Mads with a burst of re-exhilaration, grabs Chris' hand, shaking it violently. MADS
75) 40) text: I like the meeting you. CHRIS
75) 41) text: Thank you. I'm very happy to meet both of you too. Sonja heads back for her hotdog taking her T-shirt off on the move. Chris is about to bust a gut. Sonja returns to her sunbathing. These two are a hoot.
75) 44) dialog: Well, guys I really appreciate the hospitality but I wanna make camp down- river a ways so I better take off before dark.
76) 0) text: Chris, back in the kayak is paddling down river. Mads and Sonja on the bank, wave a boisterous goodbye. And they just keep waving. And Chris keeps waving until he has drifted out of sight, when around the upriver bend arrive the RIVER PATROL. At river's edge, Mads, thinking quickly, waves for their attention. Pointing the river patrol back upriver, he yells:
77) 0) text: Chris and the kayak are in the back of a pick-up truck heading down river by road. We pass the Hoover Dam.
78) 0) text: Chris is re-stocked on some food items which he packs in his bag and shoves into the bow of the kayak. This lower stretch of the river has little in common with the unbridled torrent that explodes through the Grand Canyon. Emasculated by dams and diversion canals, the lower Colorado burbles indolently from reservoir to reservoir, through some of the hottest, starkest, most austere country on the continent.
79) 0) text: Chris at age four.
80) 0) text: Four-year old Chris opening a kitchen drawer.
81) 0) text: As Chris paddles downstream with Mexico in his sights, he is stirred by the saline beauty and the clean slant of light. (Director's Note: ANGLE over Chris ONTO water reflecting the landscape and diamond flashes of sunlight.)
82) 0) text: Chris floats in SLO-MO through the air, his hair wisping skyward.
84) 0) text: Chris, on a day hike, the river behind him, he (TELEFOTO LENS played in beautific BACK LIGHT) tracks a herd of wild horses. ANGLE: Chris: The herd moves in an S-pattern. Chris runs beside them and in our LONG LENS PERSPECTIVE, he seems to be among them.
85) 0) text: Chris sits outside his tent, beside a campfire scrawling a letter. His "bought-food" bounty in evidence. The words APPEAR ON SCREEN in his handwriting OVER THE
89) 2) dialog: I thought I'd run the whole river into the Sea of Cortez. The stupid dams dried it up.
90) 0) text: Chris is kayaking.   He dead ends in a reeded tributary.
91) 2) dialog: 36 days.
91) 4) dialog: Fingers and toes. We see Chris' fingers and toes.   (DOWN ANGLE into interrogation room)
91) 5) dialog: After the river dried up, I ported the kayak and got a lift to Golfo.
92) 0) text: We see Chris jump down off the back of the duck hunter's truck. He slides the kayak off the truck bed onto the street. Chris goes into his pocket, pulls out a sealed sandwich bag of cash. He tries to pay the hunters for their time but they refuse the money. Nonetheless, Chris is insistent and they relent. Chris pulls his backpack from inside the bow and saddles it up on his shoulders. The hunters pull away.
93) 0) text: (1000mm lens) LOW ANGLE: SAND AND HEAT WAVES IN FOREGROUND AND BACKGROUND: Chris, paddling his kayak toward us, seemingly in the sand dunes. As we BOOM UP SLIGHTLY, we see that there is a bend in the water's edge and that he is in fact, paddling in the crystalline blue of the Gulf.
93) 1) dialog: I paddled south about 20 miles.
94) 1) dialog: That's when I saw the cave and everything went upside down.
95) 0) text: See the ocean and sand, wind whipping them. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal Chris in a cave where he has made camp; watching, waiting.
95) 1) dialog: A sandstorm hit and I was pretty much stuck. My kayak blew away, so I left it and walked up the beach, hitched back north, and here I am.
96) 0) text: Chris sits with the IMMIGRATION OFFICER.
96) 3) dialog: What they ought to do is open up the dams and let the rivers flow.
96) 5) dialog: Yes, sir. I've eaten enough sand to send me back to the city anyway.
97) 0) text: A freight train cranks up its great engines and starts its move west. Chris POV: We see a BULL (hobo slang for a railway security guard) making his rounds. As the bull disappears around the caboose, and the trains motion picks up, Chris appears from behind a fuel pump. He makes his move in the shadows to the passing freight cars, not quite sure how to board them. He begins to slowly jog beside the train. There is a vertical steel rod on each passing car. He times the train by putting his hand out and letting the vertical rods slap it.
97) 1) dialog: (counting)
98) 0) text: As Chris rolls forward into the car -- he made it!
98) 1) dialog: As Alexander Supertramp returns to civilization...a hobo. (quietly)
98) 2) text: I'm a for real hobo. He's very happy about this (despite the near surrender of it.) Chris uses his pack as a pillow, lays back on it and begins to sing Roger Miller's King of the Road.
99) 0) text: We TRACK with train by HELICOPTER as we SEGUE from Chris' rendition of King of the Road to Roger Miller's. We let the train get away from us and disappear.
100) 0) text: Chris' train pulls into the yard. Bulls and loaders greet the train. Chris jumps off and breaks for the fence unseen.
101) 0) text: The streets are crowded with business people on their way to homes and happy hours, buses and parking garages, showers and comforts. Among the throngs, we find Chris walking up Grand Street, backpack on his shoulders. We find he is not such an unusual sight, there are homeless to the left and homeless to the right.
102) 0) text: Chris walks in.
103) 0) text: (Reminder: Condition of Mission is circa 1991) Chris stands at the registration desk talking with a a HEAVY-SET BLACK FEMALE SOCIAL WORKER.
103) 1) dialog: Can you tell me how to get an ID card?
103) 3) text: Did you lose your identification sir? CHRIS
103) 5) text: No birth certificate? Nothing? Chris shakes his head apologetically. SOCIAL WORKER (CONT'D)
103) 7) text: The closest one is Montebello and we can help you with a bus voucher. She hands the Montebello address to Chris. SOCIAL WORKER (CONT'D)
103) 8) text: So, just come to this desk when you need the voucher. CHRIS
103) 10) text: If you know how to cook, we might have a space for you in our mobile kitchen. But I'll have to talk to my supervisor about it in the morning. CHRIS
103) 12) text: (handing him a form) Sure. Just fill this in and I'll get you all set up. Chris begins filling in the form.
104) 0) text: Throughout the next two scenes, there is steady HONKING of CAR HORNS, WAILING of POLICE SIRENS, AMBIENT HOSTILE BANTER, GRINDING ENGINES OF BUSES, puffs of diesel exhaust choke us. 300 HOMELESS occupy nearly as many beds in the dorm. Chris searches the locker wall for his assigned locker. When he comes upon it, he double checks the number with that on the key, opens it, and puts his backpack inside. CU: The lock, as Chris closes and secures his locker.
105) 0) text: Chris walking among the hordes of homeless at 6th and Wall streets. Open fires burn in front of cardboard shacks. There are blacks, whites, Mexicans, even families with children, junkies, winos, hustlers, and hookers.
106) 0) text: NEW ANGLE: Chris walking down Broadway. This is clearly just blocks away from where we last saw him, yet the atmosphere is as if of a different world. One of those downtown LA hip yuppie blocks. He comes upon a bar. Through the window Chris sees young men and women roughly his own age - working people, suits, gold-chainers. Metallica blares on the sound system.
108) 0) text: We don't even see Chris but the camera is his POV as he passes the social worker (same as before) The social worker catches a thrown key.
109) 0) text: (Director's Note: Traffic and pedestrians move in an accelerated speed while Chris moves nearly in slo- motion.) Chris exits the building into CU.   He looks left, then right, then directly into camera.
110) 0) text: Chris' train barrels along.
111) 0) text: Chris goes into his pack, grabs his canteen and drinks some water. Mid-sip, the train begins to make a surprising stop. Screeching wheels on track. Chris is alarmed. As he moves to peer out the door, even before he has a chance to see what's coming -- WHAM! He's smashed in the head with a baton. A BULL jumps into the car with him.
111) 6) dialog: (despite the violent irony)
111) 9) dialog: No, sir.
112) 0) text: Chris is pushed off the train, his pack thrown out after him. The bull jumps down beside the track as well and walks down track away from Chris, signalling an "all clear" with his flashlight to some unseen engineer.
113) 0) text: Chris sits on his pack on the roadside, hitchhiking and eating from a can of beans he opened with his pocketknife. The odd car passes but doesn't stop.
114) 0) text: Chris hops out of a Camaro that gave him a ride.   The lighting is anonymous and so is the driver.
114) 1) dialog: Thanks very much. He closes the door and the car drives off. We follow Chris as he goes to the overpass edge. He drops his pack over the side. Chris climbs down the edge of the overpass, grabs his pack, and scurries into the UNDERPASS below. (We suddenly recognize this as his pre-river run campsite) He digs up his buried belongings, returning them to his pack. Last to come out of the ground, Chris' copy of Jack London's Call of the Wild. He pulls off a temp wrapping and dusts it off. Chris lights his candle lantern and begins to read. O.S. VOICES from the PAST:
115) 5) text: I'll just cancel Christmas then! Billie returns to him, punching on his chest:
116) 0) text: The young Chris and Carine. She sits atop the handlebars of his bicycle beaming as Chris peddles her down the middle of the street. We PULL THEM as they ride. 79aA.
116) 1) dialog: (mockingly) I'll cancel Christmas!
116) 4) dialog: Yes.   I'm God.
117) 0) text: As they both laugh we DISSOLVE BACK to Chris (PRESENT) reading beside his candle lantern.
123) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE CU: We see Chris walking the streets of Seattle. As we WIDEN OUT, he becomes a dot in the Seattle landscape.
125) 0) text: We see Chris hitchhiking in a barren desert.
126) 0) text: Chris is in the passenger seat of a Mac truck cab. Both Chris and the TRUCKER look outward as though to find an address or landmark.
126) 2) dialog: Yeah, no.   This is good.   Right here.
127) 0) text: The place is packed with a line out the door. LORI, the second assistant manager, hurries back into the kitchen, where we find Chris in paper cap, bunning whoppers at a leisurely pace.
127) 2) dialog: (a bit oblivious)
127) 3) text: Okay. But then just continues on at his leisurely daydreaming pace. Lori is about to say something but by now she knows there's no getting through to him. She looks down to the floor where we see that Chris wears no socks.
127) 5) text: Chris, I don't mean to be on you about everything. You're doing a great job.
127) 9) dialog: Right, right. I forgot.
127) 11) dialog: Okay. But the pace remains.
128) 0) text: Chris stands at the counter making a deposit with a YOUNG FEMALE TELLER.
128) 1) dialog: How much do I have in the account now?
128) 3) dialog: What's the interest on twenty-two cents? The young teller giggles.
129) 0) text: We're TIGHT ON Chris' sock-less feet, pedalling away from the bank on a bicycle. The growing independence of his financial situation felt in the MUSIC OVER: SERIES OF ANGLES as Chris rides out of town, into the desert, from a late afternoon sun into a sunset as he arrives at his -
131) 0) text: We are TIGHT on the PUNCHCLOCK as Chris' timecard comes into frame and is punched out. WIDEN OUT to see Chris taking off his paper hat and Burger King overshirt. He walks his timecard over to Lori.   The place is all bu empty.
131) 1) dialog: Lori, I'm punching out.
131) 3) dialog: No, I mean I'm punching out for good.
131) 6) dialog: Yeah. Also, I've got to do some things before I head north.
131) 8) dialog: That's okay.    I'll let you know where to send it.
131) 11) dialog: Bye-bye.
132) 0) text: City crews string Christmas lights and ornaments along the main drag. We CRANE DOWN to find Chris' bike leaning on a lamppost. A cardboard sign attached to it reads -
136) 0) text: This is the vista of former barracks foundations Rainey and Jan Burres had told Chris about. Hundreds of people in tents and trailers, a quarter inch to the right of a Rainbow Gathering as hillbillies and renegades mix with the hippies. There are canvas-covered booths set up for swap and trade. Even a few makeshift food stands.
136) 4) dialog: Surprise!
137) 0) text: An impromptu campfire celebration with live music from a makeshift stage. Jan, Rainey, and Chris sit on chairs outside the circle of inhabitants, taking in the music.
137) 4) dialog: (blushing)
137) 9) dialog: Well, I'm waiting on a check from my last job to come into Salton City the day after Christmas. I've got to start thinking about getting ready for Alaska. When the sun gets a little lower tonight, I'm going to start a calisthenics routine. I think after the check comes in, I'll try to find some mountains I can climb everyday till spring comes. I gotta see how far the money's gonna go.
137) 13) text: Well, you know, we'll give you a little something for every day you work the booth. CHRIS
137) 15) text: We are, and you were a big part of that, coming along when you did. Yep, things are good. (gives a little giggle) Man, I used to think Tantric sex was just a bunch of reading. Speaking of which, don't you think you ought to introduce yourself to Joni Mitchell over there? Chris looks up from his book to the wide open 16-year old smile of Tracy. Rainey laughs aloud. Chris smiles back, and against his better instincts, gives her a little wave over with the paperback. Tracy jumps off her step, putting her guitar inside the rig, and trots like a little wood nymph to Chris. TRACY                                 *
137) 16) text: Hi. CHRIS
137) 18) text: You selling books? CHRIS
137) 20) text: I read a lot. CHRIS
137) 24) dialog: That's good.    I heard you play your song last night.
137) 27) dialog: You are not terrible.
137) 29) dialog: No.   You sing sweet.
137) 32) dialog: I'm sorry.   This is Rainey.   And I'm Chris. Whoops, a slip on the name, but...
138) 4) dialog: I hope I get to meet him sometime. Jan looks into Chris' eyes and smiles with pure love. She leans over and gently kisses Chris on the cheek.
138) 10) dialog: Yeah. Tracy grabs Chris' hand and proudly leads him to supper. As they exit frame, we remain for a moment with Jan and her thoughts.
138) 14) text: 1. Chris reading and selling books. 2. Chris and Tracy taking walks with Sunni. 3. Rainey and Jan stealing some afternoon delight in the van. (It's the days of wine and roses) 4. Chris' new daily regimen of calisthenics. 5. Tracy's new daily regimen of watching Chris do calisthenics. His lean body tighter and stronger everyday.
138) 17) dialog: You should Rainey. Makes that Tantric stuff go even better.
138) 19) text: How the hell would you know? That poor girl over there is about ready to vault onto a fence post. And here you are, the monk of Jack LaLane. They share a laugh. Chris comes to the end of his sit- ups. Wipes his brow with a towel. Rainey squats down next to him. RAINEY (CONT'D)
138) 20) text: I guess Jan filled you in. About Reno and everything. Children can be harsh judges when it comes to their parents. They don't grant clemency easily. I think Reno tended to see things in black and white. I just hope he lives long enough to forgive her. The connection is not lost on Chris. RAINEY (CONT'D)
138) 21) text: But painful as it is, you turned a light on in her and I'm grateful. CHRIS
138) 23) text: For what? Chris doesn't answer. A kid rides by on a bright new Big Wheel. Must be from the rich side of the commune. RAINEY (CONT'D)
138) 24) text: Do your folks know where you are? CHRIS
138) 26) text: Don't you think they ought to? CHRIS
138) 30) dialog: Yeah, Rainey. Alaska. Rainey won't intrude any further. He just nods. Chris notices Tracy in the door of her parent's rig, stealthily waving him over. Chris gives Rainey the "Uh-oh" look, pulls on his T-shirt, and walks over to the rig. Tracy has disappeared inside.
139) 0) text: Chris pops his head in.
139) 1) dialog: Hello?    Merry Christmas?
139) 4) dialog: (deer in headlights)
139) 7) dialog: No!
139) 9) dialog: No, I mean, no, we can't do that.
139) 12) dialog: How old are you?
139) 15) dialog: What year were you born? As soon as she has to think about it, the jig is up.
139) 16) dialog: You want to do something together? Shyly, she shakes her head "yes."
140) 0) text: We SEE the used Christmas trees of the residents being thrown onto an existing campfire, building into the enormous, celebratory bonfire that lights the scene. As we did with the footsteps in the mud and the kayak slashing the sand, we TRACK VERTICALLY along an extension cord from one of the trailer generators to the stage until we find - Tracy with her guitar and Chris with the second-hand organ from Rainey and Jan's booth on the stage. They enter into a duet of John Prine's Angel from Montgomery for the crowd of the Slabs' fire-lit inhabitants. In the crowd, we find Rainey and Jan clapping and dancing along to Chris and Tracy's song. Merry Christmas.
141) 0) text: Jan is pulling the van out from their plot.    Rainey is guiding the single-directional vehicle. Chris and Tracy stand beside the car path.    Chris write down Wayne Westerberg's Carthage address.
141) 2) dialog: You can always get in touch with me by sending mail here. I don't know when I'll get it, but I'll get it.
141) 5) dialog: You're pretty magic.
141) 8) dialog: You too, Rainey. Thanks for everything. Chris gives Rainey's gut a full-hand pinch.
141) 9) dialog: New Year's resolution? Rainey gives him a wink and puts his arm around Tracy as Chris jumps into the car. Then he and Jan hit the road.
142) 0) text: This market/liquor store/post office serves as the cultural nexus for the greater Salton Sea area. As Jan's van pulls up opposite the post office and makes a U-turn to curbside, Chris gets out of the van. Now Jan's eyes really well up.
143) 0) text: TELEPHOTO LENS: A long two-laned road before us rises and falls in a series of saddles and peaks. The narrow shoulders are densely wooded. SLOWLY APPEARING over the near most peak, a TEAM OF EIGHT SHIRTLESS HIGH SCHOOL RUNNERS. Leading the group - 17 YEAR-OLD CHRISTOPHER MCCANDLESS. Lean, softly handsome, and graceful.
144) 0) text: SERIES OF ANGLES: The runners, led by Chris, pace unchartered trails, grassy hillsides, and shallow streams.
145) 0) text: Chris heads out with his last Burger King check in hand, proudly wearing his new hat and in search of mountains to climb.
146) 0) text: Chris, with pack and new hat walks away from camera toward the interstate and the brittle mountains beyond.
148) 0) text: SLO MO: We are looking down a radically steep rock face. A shirtless Chris is in training running towards us under the hot desert sun. We HEAR only breath and footsteps.
149) 0) text: Chris rests on the sand under a tarp, hung from a Creosote branch. A plate of beans and rice eaten nearly clean and an empty water jug beside him. Flies buzz and pick.
150) 0) text: Chris on a morning jog, wearing a shoulder bag and carrying an empty water jug. A quick wave to one of his distant "neighbors" at the spring's camp as he runs by.
151) 0) text: Chris continues his jog, cars whisk by and dust kicks into the air. But Chris is undeterred, keeps running.
152) 0) text: Chris approaches, slowing his jog to a walk. Chris sets down his water jug and stretches his calves. In the distance we see the peaks of the badlands landforms from where he ran.
153) 0) text: Chris walks the aisles, sipping from his jug, as he comes across bags of rice on the market shelves. A HEAVY SET GIRL passes him in the aisle with her well-mannered dog following her.
153) 1) dialog: (no high-pitched pet voice)
153) 5) dialog: Go on, boy.    Go on. And the dog obeys him. As he sorts through the various rice selections, brown, white, wild, we notice a MAN peering over the opposite shelf at Chris. This is RON FRANZ, between 70 and 80 years old, six-feet, thick arms, barrel chest, and large ears. He wears old jeans, an immaculate white T-shirt, a decorative tooled leather belt, white socks, and scuffed black loafers. His deeply pitted nose demonstrates a purple filigree of veins which unfold like an finely wrought tattoo. And on either side of it, the wary blue eyes of a soldier. He is the archetypical American man. Chris has caught his sympathetic eye. Chris moves to the counter to pay for rice.
154) 0) text: In WIDE SHOT, we watch Chris from behind, walking out across the two-lane road. He puts out his thumb to hitch a ride.
155) 2) dialog: (pointing)
155) 7) dialog: Alex.
155) 9) dialog: West Virginia.
157) 1) dialog: You go left here. Ron turns the truck down the 4x4 track.
158) 2) dialog: No, we keep going. I'm further up. Another half-mile or so, out on the Bajada.
159) 0) text: Ron and Chris drive up in the truck. Ron shuts off the ignition and gets out of the truck to stretch his legs. Chris follows, puts his full water jug under the tarp at his campsite, hooking it onto a branch. He throws his shoulder bag with the rice in it into his backpack.
159) 2) dialog: No, they keep to themselves pretty much and so do I.
159) 5) dialog: I think I got my head on my shoulders pretty good.
159) 7) dialog: Couple of weeks.
159) 9) dialog: A lot of places. I've been moving around.
159) 11) dialog: Twenty-three.
159) 13) dialog: Look Mr. Franz. I think careers are a twentieth century invention and I don't want one. You don't need to worry about me. I have a college education. I'm not destitute. I'm living like this by choice.
159) 15) dialog: (laughs) Yeah, in the dirt.
159) 19) text: That's a shame. Chris can see some deep sadness in this man. CHRIS
159) 20) text: Hey, Mr. Franz. I want to show you something. Ron follows Chris to the rockface we'd seen Chris running earlier. They begin to walk up it. It's tough on the old-timer, walking this steep hill. But he's a tough old- timer, at least for the moment... ANGLE: The two men nearly half way to the summit.     It' getting steeper and higher. Ron stops. RON
159) 21) text: This is getting a little steep.     And a little high for me kid. CHRIS
159) 22) text: Alright.   But look out there. Even from half way out, it's quite a sight isn't it? Their POV: Enormous beautiful vista all the way across the Bajada. CHRIS (CONT'D)
159) 24) text: You can see the Salton Sea from up there? CHRIS
159) 27) text: My goodness. CHRIS
159) 31) text: Chris smiles and follows Ron.       As they approach the bottom of the hill -
159) 33) text: Chris thinks about it.     Then -
159) 34) dialog: Yeah, sure. It'll take me a couple of minutes to clean up.
161) 0) text: We see Ron and Chris driving parallel on the windmilled road (Our frame will only hold the lower fraction of the spinning windmills in the background)
163) 0) text: MUSIC OVER: As Chris and Ron ride the tram to the peak, we watch Chris watching Ron, his kind, moist old eyes, slowly blinking at the wonder of the nature around him. Other passengers on the tram seem nervous, but Ron is meditative, almost hypnotized.
164) 0) text: The two of them sit in a quiet, corner   booth of the tramway eatery that sits on the summit   of San Jacinto overlooking the lights of Palm Springs   and the desert clear back to Salton Sea. Chris is on    a roll.
164) 1) dialog: How old are you, Mr. Franz?
164) 3) dialog: Seventy-nine...see, all due respect, but the real difference between people is the quality of their soul and not on how long they've trudged around like a dip-shit. Ron laughs.
164) 4) dialog: But it's true.
164) 6) dialog: The government's the same as my parents. They don't respect anybody. Regulation. Regulation. Regulation. WE can't do this. But THEY can do that. I mean, the hypocrisy of the whole...culture.   Makes me crazy. My father was having children                * with two women at the same time, and then              * has the gall to think that he can be of some guidance to me? Make judgments on me? My mother, of course, goes along with all of it. Keeps the secret, which of course, makes my whole life a fiction. Everything I thought was, wasn't. They're such fools! Fucking idiots!
164) 9) dialog: (realizing his slip)
164) 10) text: Sorry. I don't usually use that kind of language either. I just get so angry thinking about it. Ron reaches across the table.    Puts his sturdy hand on Chris' shoulder.
165) 0) text: As Ron and Chris pull up in the pick-up truck, we see SPORADIC FIREWORKS WHISTLING AND CRACKLING into the air above the hot-springs, and HEAR the distant HOOTING of its inhabitants. Chris hops out and walks around to Ron's side of the truck.
165) 1) dialog: Awww, that was a great time Mr. Franz. Thank you.
165) 3) dialog: That would be swell. Ron is thrilled.
165) 5) dialog: Good night Mr. Franz.
166) 0) text: Chris hikes up it with his backpack on, one laborious step at a time.
167) 0) text: Chris summiting the rock formation. He looks down over the desert and there before him, The Salton Sea.
168) 0) text: The house is a single-level, beige structure, sitting between the Salton Sea and a small inlet where he keeps a fishing boat. Underneath a canopy in the backyard, there is a small workshop of some kind. HIGH ANGLE: Chris, looking at his own reflection in the water below Ron's dock. In the reflection, we see his hands full of dirty laundry.
169) 0) text: Ron broils a couple of steaks. Chris enters and moves past Ron carrying his laundry into another room.
170) 0) text: Chris pours detergent over his long-in-need clothes. Starts the cycle.
171) 0) text: As Chris enters, Ron is pulling the steaks from the broiler.
171) 2) text: Did you find everything you need? CHRIS
171) 5) text: Well, that's what it's for.   How do these steaks look? Ron pops the steaks on the kitchen table. CHRIS
171) 8) text: What do you drink? CHRIS
171) 10) text: Nope. CHRIS
171) 12) text: Nope. Don't have any alcohol. I had to quit all that. How about a guava juice? CHRIS
171) 18) text: (brightening) You see all these kids over here? CHRIS
171) 22) text: (pridefully shows Chris the picture)
171) 23) text: And this is Akira. Just finished medical school. Chris takes the picture and studies Akira's face.   Ron sits back down.
171) 26) dialog: Do you ever travel, Mr. Franz?
171) 28) dialog: (having wolfed down the steak)
172) 0) text: As we begin, Ron is instructing Chris in the skills of leather engraving.
173) 0) text: Chris, a clear plastic bag of clean laundry beside him, sits alone, cross-legged. He begins to carve into a leather belt.
174) 0) text: We follow Chris in a LOW ANGLE up his mountain run framing from mid-back to just above his head, sweating profusely.
176) 0) text: Chris reaching the summit.   He bends over to catch his breath, hands on knees.
176) 3) text: That thing's twice as salty as the ocean. Did you know that? Chris has barely the breath to speak.
176) 4) dialog: Anything alive in it? Ron shrugs his shoulders in a "who cares?" fashion. Chris laughs but nods in the affirmative and gives Ron the thumbs up.
178) 0) text: ALEX is inscribed at the belt's left end; then the initials C.J.M. (for Christopher Johnson McCandless) frame a skull and crossbones. Across the strip of cowhide one sees a rendering of two-lane blacktop, a No U turn sign, a thunderstorm producing a flash flood that engulfs a car, a hitchhiker's thumb, an eagle, the Sierra Nevada, salmon cavorting in the Pacific Ocean, the Pacific Coast Highway from Oregon to Washington, the Rocky Mountains, Montana wheat fields, a South Dakota rattlesnake, Westerberg's house in Carthage, the Colorado River rapids, a canoe beached beside a tent, Las Vegas, and at the buckle end, finally, the letter N.
178) 2) dialog: ...North.
179) 5) dialog: (yells down from above)
179) 8) dialog: I do, Mr. Franz. You've got to get back out in the world. Get out of that lonely house of yours, that little workshop, and go live on the road. Ron waves him off.
179) 9) dialog: Really. You're going to live a long time, Ron. You should make a radical change in your lifestyle. The core of man's spirit comes with new experiences. And there you are, stubborn old man, sitting on your butt.
179) 13) text: (mumbling) "Stubborn old man." Chris is laughing and clapping. CHRIS
179) 15) text: (mumbling) Ya little pinhead. Chris is jumping up and down, thrilled for Ron's efforts. Now the old man's shuffle has turned into an old man's walk. But he ain't stopping. And bit by bit he shows he's got it in him after all. As Ron is just about to mount the summit, Chris extends a hand. Ron swats it away. RON (CONT'D)
179) 17) dialog: You alright? Ron, after taking one more deep breath, sits up and Chris sits next to him. He's actually pretty happy with himself. He looks out and sees the distant Salton Sea. RON
179) 18) text: I'm going to miss you when you go. CHRIS
179) 24) text: I am. Chris buys it this time and feels he's accomplished something with Ron.
179) 26) dialog: Holy Shit!
180) 0) text: Chris pulls his laundry out of the dryer. He's got his pack sitting in the doorway to the kitchen. He folds his things and tucks them into his pack.
180) 3) text: Heard you get up off the couch half an hour ago, and had a funny feeling you might not be here for our breakfast. Chris says nothing. RON (CONT'D)
180) 4) text: I'm going to drive you a hundred miles to somewhere where you can pick up a train, a plane, or hitch a ride without getting stuck on this desert. I'd take you all the way to Alaska if I didn't have to get to an eight o'clock mass. CHRIS
180) 6) text: I want to do it.     Get you started on this thing of yours. CHRIS
180) 8) text: (interrupting) I know. On your "Great Alaskan Adventure." From just out of Chris' eye-line, Ron leans out of frame, picking up a zippered duffel bag. He opens it, displaying the contents to Chris. RON (CONT'D)
180) 9) text: There's a machete, an arctic parka, collapsible fishing pole, and a few odds and ends I threw in there for you. CHRIS
180) 11) text: Oh, just take it. Chris does, nodding his thanks.
183) 2) dialog: Yep. Both of them are uncomfortable. Chris goes for the door handle. Ron's gnarled hand reaches out to take Chris' elbow. After a long beat, Ron speaks without looking at Chris.
183) 4) dialog: How about we talk about this when I get back from Alaska, Ron. Would that be alright?
183) 6) dialog: Alright, Ron. We'll talk about it then.
183) 9) dialog: Thanks, Ron. Ron nods. Chris gets out of the truck. Ron watches as Chris saddles up his bag including the duffel that Ron gave him. Chris crosses the exit junction to where he can pick up a ride north on the far side of the road. We ZOOM SLOWLY through the windshield into Ron's face as he watches Chris hitching away. We HEAR the first bars of Neil Young's My My, Hey Hey. This will carry throughout the following MONTAGE.
184) 0) text: 1. We ZOOM into Walt McCandless' face as he looks through the Questar telescope that Chris had given him. ANGLE: The stars through the telescope. The same stars his son walks under...somewhere. We PAN ACROSS SPACE. (Note: This montage will intercut Chris' traveling POV with objective shots. However, we never SEE Chris.) 2. We PULL BACK from the starry night sky to see it framed from within a moving train. 3. Carine in her shower, water cascades over her face. 4. Billie in her kitchen, making dinner. 5. Through the windshield of a semi-truck, the sun rises on Glacier National Park. 6. A HANDHELD ZOOM-OUT from Canadian border crossing, CAMERA TURNS to the woods beyond and MOVES INTO THEM.
186) 0) text: Chris is holding a book from which he reads aloud the LAST LINE OF THE POEM...
186) 1) dialog: ...and I will tell about it.
186) 4) dialog: Well, it could've been either one of us. Couldn't it? We see pictures of Chris on the night-stand of Walt and Billie's bedroom
186) 9) dialog: (in a far away, tunnel-like sound)
189) 0) text: Chris, crunching through two to three feet (not more) of snow, in arctic parka, big boots, his warm hat, rifle slung over his shoulder, and pack.
190) 0) text: Its banks lined with a jagged shelf of frozen overflow. At its center, a channel of gently flowing water, opaque with glacial till. Beyond the far ice shelf, Chris appears from the riverside treeline. He eases across the ice, then wades through the latte-colored channel and on to the other side. REVERSE ANGLE: Chris moving toward the opposite tree line, he turns back to the gentle river behind. Chris' POV scanning the terrain. From the river to a distant mountain peak and then to a second mountain peak, triangulating his location. He makes a drawing on a pad of paper and piles some medium- sized rocks to mark the spot before moving on into the trees.
192) 0) text: Chris has skinned and is cooking a squirrel.
193) 0) text: Chris packs the last of his camp and begins his march upriver.
194) 0) text: As Chris walks upon a clearing in the tree line, he catches his first glimpse of Denali's (Mt. McKinley's) high-blinding white bulwarks. Chris stands in awe. We remain in his WIDE-SHOT POV as it -
195) 0) text: CAMERA ANGLED SKYWARD into the broken rays of grey light. We TILT DOWN to find (and TRACK through the trees with) Chris moving along the river, when he sees something just OFF CAMERA. Chris' POV: Through the trees and fireweed, he sees something metallic and rusty. Chris moves up through the underbrush and the snow into the narrow tree line and on into the clearing, where before him: A DERELICT SCHOOL BUS. It is a vintage International Harvester from the 1940's. Chris approaches the bus, lifts the hood a little bit seeing that the engine is gone. As he moves around the vehicle, we see several windows are cracked or missing altogether. The green and white paint is badly oxidized. Weathered lettering: Fairbanks City Transit System Bus 142.
196) 0) text: Broken whiskey bottles litter the floor. Chris may well have found his new home. The bus is outfitted with a bunk and a barrel stove. Previous visitors had left it stocked with matches, bug dope, and other essentials.
197) 0) text: We follow Chris back out of the bus, surveying the area of the clearing. He loves what he sees.
198) 5) dialog: ...the road. Escaped from Atlanta. Thou shalt not return `cause the "west is the best." And now after two rambling years, comes the final and greatest adventure. Chris is cleaning up the bus.
198) 6) dialog: The climactic battle to kill the false being within and victoriously conclude the spiritual revolution. Chris shoveling snow away from the bus entrance with a rock.
198) 8) dialog: Ten days and nights of freight trains and hitchhiking, bringing him to the great white north. Back to Chris, REAL TIME as he continues to write as he speaks:
198) 9) dialog: No longer to be poisoned by civilization, he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become lost in the wild. Chris signs his doctrine -
199) 0) text: Chris posts a found piece of paper on the inner wall of the bus alongside his doctrine. CU: Chris' hand, he writes and circles the number: 1 - MAGIC BUS DAY.
200) 0) text: Chris comes out, rifle in hand. We TRACK with him as he moves into the woods on the hunt.
200) 1) text: Chris searching for game. He moves through the woods along the river and at the base of a nearby mountain. Finding animals for food seems more difficult than expected.
201) 0) text: Chris stumbles upon a caribou as it steps out from the woods. He lines up his rifle on the animal, about to pull the trigger, when its calf appears beside it.
202) 2) dialog: Shit!
203) 0) text: Chris, cooking rice. We see his single bag of rice.     I amount tells us the hunting had better improve soon. We explore a PASSAGE OF TIME throughout which CHRIS GETS INCREASINGLY THIN AND PALE: hunting, sleeping, cooking, rice dwindling, line-ups of scrawny shot birds. He adds holes to his belt leather to accommodate his shrinking waistline.
205) 0) text: Chris eats his measly catch but looks to his bag of rice with concern, perhaps only a day or so left of his rations. We come to the diary/log posted on the wall. We see that he has been there for a week's worth of entries as the squirrel is mentioned on day seven.
206) 0) text: Chris is awakened by a new May sun, streaming light through the windows of the bus. POV: the sun, circling high in the heavens.    Snowmelt dripping quickly across the windowpane.
207) 0) text: Chris dances atop the bus, naked in the new spring.
208) 0) text: Chris shaves. (Note: We are in a time of year in this part of the world where the sun dips behind the horizon only four hours a day)
209) 0) text: INTERCUT: SERIES OF ANGLES throughout which Chris remains thin but his pallor improves: 1. The diary/log representing a small improvement on the hunting front. 2. Undergrowth exposing itself through snowmelt. 3. Establish a small waterfall near the bus. Landing on:
211) 0) text: Chris shoots a porcupine.
213) 0) text: Chris stands triumphant at the peak of a 3000 foot butte overlooking the bus. CIRCLE CAMERA around him 360 degrees recording the broad vista. ANGLE: CU - He's beaming with satisfaction. We begin a SLOW ZOOM OUT and then accelerate the ZOOM encompassing the entire grandeur of the mountain with Chris at its peak.
216) 0) text: (Director's Note: Handheld) Chris scrambles through his pack and finds the piece of paper where he had written notes of how to cure beef by smoking it, taught to him by Kevin, Wayne's hunter friend back in South Dakota.
218) 1) text: In and out of the bus. Day and night, portraying Chris mourning his killing of the moose. He even plants a cross by its skeletal remains.
220) 0) text: Chris reading Tolstoy's Family Happiness. His POV: The page: what Chris reads: I have lived through much and now I think I have found what is needed for happiness.
221) 0) text: Chris sits amongst the pink bunches of fireweed choking the vehicles wheel wells, growing higher than the axles, his back leaning against the bus, finishing the reading of Family Happiness. ANGLE: Chris, reading with great interest.   His POV: The page: what Chris reads: And then, on top of all that, you for a mate, and children, perhaps - what more can the heart of a man desire? ANGLE: Chris: He looks up from his book. A gentle breeze tickles morning flowers. The sunlight dances in a coppice of aspen and leaves of trees above. The sound of buzzing flies mutes. He is taking one last look at his paradise.
222) 0) text: Chris showers (PHOTO-SONIC) MUSIC, LYNYRD SKYNYRD'S Simple Man (lyrics in cursive) begins to play OVER:
223) 0) text: My momma told me / when I was young Chris packs his gear. Come sit beside me / my only son A last look about the bus.
225) 2) text: Just take your time / don't live too fast We pass the familiar landmark of the Mt. McKinley clearing where Chris had camped. Troubles w ill come / and they will pass Chris walking and camping his way back to the Teklanika River and the road home. Find a woman / you'll find love and don't forget son / there's someone up above...
226) 0) text: In the trees beside the river, we find Chris. The river is not yet in sight but Chris starts to HEAR it: A building rumble. As Chris exits the treeline, there she is: The Teklanika at full flood. Seventy-five foot wide banks, replacing the narrow ice canal of four months earlier. Snowmelt from glaciers high in the Alaska range, its opaque glacial sediment the color of wet concrete. And what had been a distant rumble in the woods, now had the volume and power of a freight train, a seventy-five foot wide one. Chris grabs a hold of a riverside branch and takes one slow, careful step into the river. Without mercy, WHAM! the river kicks his feet out from under him! The branch he holds SNAPS! By some miracle, his hands move like lightening and he grabs a lower, sturdier branch below, saving himself from a certain death.
227) 0) text: It's pouring rain outside.   The rain pelts the top of th bus. Chris' pack is thrown onto the bunk. His hand appears at the diary/log on the wall. He writes:
228) 0) text: EXTREME CU: Beaded and shimmering from the past night's rain, a bright red berry moves in the breeze like a tiny vibrating bell. RACK FOCUS to Chris' eyes spying it. He plucks it from its stem.
229) 0) text: Chris adds another hole to tighten his belt.
230) 0) text: Chris looking very thin. Too thin. He is noshing on a bag of collected berries while reading from Boris Pasternak's Doctor Zhivago. ANGLE: The book
230) 1) dialog: Here she stopped and, closing her eyes, took a deep breath of the flower-scented air of the broad expanse around her. It was dearer to her than her kin, better than a lover, wiser than a book.
230) 3) dialog: 
230) 5) dialog: (echoing)
230) 6) text: By its right name. By its right name. He puts down the book and brings one of the ripe berries in front of his face (as close as shot of when he picked it.) Chris then grabs Tanaina Plantlore, the flora and fauna book he had gotten from the library in Fairbanks. And it takes him out of the bus like a divining rod. His nose in the book, he follows it.
231) 1) dialog: Beautiful blueberries - Vaccinium uliginosum. Eskimo potato - Hedysarum alpinum...etc. We follow Chris over a number of days as he eats from these identified species of plant, each being logged, one by one by name on the bus diary/log.
232) 0) text: With Tanaina Plantlore by his side, Chris digs into the soft earth on the berm of the river bank and digs up a wild potato root.
233) 0) text: Chris pulls the seeds from the root, noshing on them as he reads from Doctor Zhivago. We drift from him reading to the diary/log on the wall. The day representing: July 24th The diary/log: WILD POTATO ROOT We drift back to Chris. Fatigue shows in his eyes as he puts the book down and lays down to sleep.
235) 0) text: The open bag of seeds beside Chris' sleeping body. We drift over to Chris' face, his lips de-hydrated, and skin parched. He breathes heavily. He awakens. He tries to sit up. It's a terrible struggle. Barely makes it to his feet. Chris stumbles to the door of the bus, looking up at the hot sun. He has to sit back down on the small bus steps. From his position on the step, he leans back into the bus and is able to grab his water jug. He pours it into his mouth but nothing seems to satiate or hydrate him. He drinks it all. It spills over his face and chest.
236) 0) text: Chris kneels, holding one of the potato seeds to the sunlight and there we see them - the lateral veins that indicate poisonous seeds.
238) 0) text: Chris, barely able to walk, moves, at the pace of an elderly man, with his rifle, through the underbrush.    H needs food now.
239) 0) text: He shoots a squirrel. But as he moves toward what he thinks is his kill, the squirrel makes off with a bleeding tail. Chris fires several desperate shots at the squirrel but misses with each one.
240) 0) text: Chris, having a fitful sleep.   Short breaths and mutterings.
241) 0) text: A big moon shines above and we find on a tree branch, the squirrel Chris had clipped in the tail earlier in the day. On the last legs of bleeding to death, it falls from the tree. The moon becomes the sun and we pass a couple of days through visions of the nature about in varying light.
242) 0) text: Chris labors up the riverbank with his water jug full. He is shirtless and absolutely emaciated. Frightening. He pauses at the river's edge to take air into his lungs. It's all he can do just to breath. WIDE ANGLE TABLEAU (CONTINUOUS): Chris standing at the river's edge catching his breath framed against the background of the 3000 foot butte that he'd so recently climbed with ease.
243) 0) text: Chris lays on the floor. CU Chris: Orange light twinkles in his eyes. Chris' POV: through the bus window, we see the orange glow of smoke rising into the air. CU: Chris writes in his diary log.
243) 1) dialog: Set small signal fire today - watched it die tonight. Back to POV as the ambient orange light fades into the blackness of smoke.
244) 5) text: And that an unshared happiness is not happiness... Chris steals his pencil from within the pages of the book, scribbling across the page: CHRIS (V.O.)(O.C.) (CONT'D)
244) 10) text: (with a weak voice) Call everything by its right name. The drumbeat increases as he signs the note: CHRISTOPHER JOHNSON MCCANDLESS. We move from the page back up to Chris. We see that he has put on his eyeglasses to strengthen the vision of his weakening sight. He removes them, folds them, and lays them by his side. His body begins to tremble. His eyes dance wildly. The drumming intensifies. Chris takes one last look out the window. The sun is covered by a well-defined and puffy cloud.
246) 0) text: Chris, approaching the Annandale house.    His backpack o and body healthy. Billie parts the curtains, ecstatic to see Chris approach, alive and healthy. We SEE but do not hear her call to Walt. A smiling Chris steps up the curb, approaching home. Walt and Billie - we PUSH INTO them as they gleefully run out the front door to their returning son. PUSH INTO Chris - he dispatches his backpack to the ground and runs toward his parents' embrace.
246) 1) dialog: What if you saw me running into your arms... Chris, Walt, and Billie on the cusp of a jubilant and loving embrace!
246) 2) dialog: Would you see then... The DRUMMING resumes with a BLAST OF BASS and before an embrace is possible...
246) 3) dialog: ...what I see now?
247) 3) text: He made it.   He lived.   He loved. Cat Stevens' Miles from Nowhere plays OVER: As we PULL AWAY from Chris' face through the bus window and up into the sky - We drift further and further away, above the stunted trees and the shimmering roof of the bus like a tiny white gleam in a wild green sea grows smaller and smaller. REPRISE IMAGE of truck driver taking picture of Chris in scene #1. Then it's him: The smiling STILL IMAGE we saw taken in the first scene from behind, but now we are seeing it from the front and it is the image of the real Christopher McCandless on the edge of the Stampede Trail. As it takes over the screen, we ZOOM SLOWLY into his smiling face. And then, these words appear superimposed over it: Dedicated to the memory of Christopher Johnson McCandless February 12, 1968 - August 18th, 1992 As those words dissolve, these words appear: On September 19, 1992, Carine McCandless flew with her brother's ashes from Alaska home to the eastern seaboard. She carried them with her on the plane...in her backpack.