35) 2) dialog: Hi. We just barely saw you there, under that crazy hat of yours. We couldn't back up - the van's reverse is broken.
35) 5) dialog: This door's a little tricky, I'll get it. And with a little pulling, it opens. Indicating the pony- tailed and bearded driver (RAINEY), early 50's, definitely Woodstock...
35) 6) dialog: Hop in, that's Rainey.
35) 9) dialog: And I'm Jan.
35) 13) text: Yeah. Jan jumps back in passenger seat and the van rolls on. 39   INT. RAINEY &amp; JAN VAN 3-SHOT - CHRIS BETWEEN THEM IN THE BACKSEAT.
35) 16) dialog: Probably, the rest of the time, that hat scares `em away. Chris checks himself in the rearview mirror and gets a kick out of what he sees (That hat's staying on.) Jan is looking at the rearview mirror too, observing Chris with mild concern.
35) 17) dialog: When's the last time you ate something? Chris pulls out a bag of berries and edible plants he's collected.
35) 19) text: See that? I've got this book and it shows you all the plants and berries that are edible. You can find things wherever you go. Jan steals a glance to Rainey.      He's hip.
35) 22) dialog: And eat there with us. Chris is beaming at the thought of real food.
36) 0) text: Chris, Jan, and Rainey are beside a campfire, sitting on blankets. Their tents loom behind them. Jan is weaving some sort of craft art. Chris is chomping on chicken and beans like they're going out of style.
36) 7) dialog: You're a leather tramp. That's what they call the ones that hoof it on foot. So, we're technically rubber tramps.
36) 9) text: (interjecting) As we have a vee-hi-cle. Rainey makes a move to put his arm around Jan. She goes a little stiff and fends it off. Chris notices. JAN
36) 11) text: I don't need money.   It makes people cautious. JAN
36) 13) text: I don't know if you'd want to depend on much more than that. JAN
36) 15) text: Makin' their money somewhere. JAN
36) 17) text: Fair? JAN
38) 0) text: We see Chris foraging for firewood in the bluffs above the beach. He's got it tied to his back and his front. If we didn't know better, we'd think he was camouflaging himself. Chris' POV: The rocks beside the water's edge. We see Rainey sitting beside the water, staring out to sea. We follow Chris' gaze to Jan, some fifty yards down the beach, walking melancholically in the opposite direction of Rainey. ANGLE: Rainey at the water's edge.   Chris appears beside him.
38) 4) text: Where's Jan going? RAINEY
38) 8) text: You think what? Chris is looking off at Jan walking in the distance. CHRIS
39) 0) text: Through a burning campfire in the late afternoon, we see the chilly bodies of Chris and Jan carrying their clothes run shivering toward us. Rainey sits beside the campfire.
39) 2) dialog: (moving to Rainey)
39) 3) text: That's not hot enough. Put your arms around me. As they embrace, Chris throws a coat on from his tent, puts on his funny straw hat, and grabs a book. Rainey has wrapped a blanket around Jan and they sit beside the fire.
40) 0) text: Jan and Rainey on a blanket sharing a joint. Chris lying beside the campfire in his sleeping bag. Jan takes a toke, passes the joint to Rainey.
40) 1) dialog: You know what Alex ought to do, Rainey? He ought to come out to the Slabs this winter.
40) 8) text: Well about 200 miles Northeast of there, but yeah. Niland's off the east shore of Salton. Wild place. The navy bulldozed and abandoned a base there. All that's left is a grid of concrete foundations. They're scattered over about a square mile or so. JAN
40) 10) text: Drifters... JAN
40) 11) text: Sundry vagabonds... RAINEY / JAN
40) 12) text: Like ourselves. JAN
40) 16) dialog: Oh yeah. And a lot of second-hand goods. There's a swap meet. The people are cool. There's even some kids running around sometimes. Most everyone there, if they're not avoiding the cold, are at least dodging the IRS.
40) 18) dialog: It's good. You should check it out. If you come, I'll make a proper hat for you. (standing, shaking out her blanket)
40) 23) dialog: You're wonderful.   Don't make me worry about you.
41) 0) text: The fire is burning low. Chris reads from Thoreau's WALDEN from the chapter on "Higher Laws" as we move slowly in toward him, we begin to HEAR quiet sounds of what may be love-making coming from Rainey and Jan's tent. A gentle smile comes over Chris' face and in its irony, he looks to the page before him.
42) 0) text: Gulls pierce into the grey morning ocean, snapping from schools of fish. And the subtle crackling of a campfire's death. There on the beach, Jan and Rainey's van, their tent, and the fireless coals of last night. But no sign of Chris, his bag or his tent. Jan appears from her tent, rubbing her eyes. She wears a sarong which she re-secures at the breast, then notices that Chris has left. But where his tent had been, the words:
42) 2) dialog: He reminded me...
136) 0) text: This is the vista of former barracks foundations Rainey and Jan Burres had told Chris about. Hundreds of people in tents and trailers, a quarter inch to the right of a Rainbow Gathering as hillbillies and renegades mix with the hippies. There are canvas-covered booths set up for swap and trade. Even a few makeshift food stands.
136) 3) dialog: Sunni!    Come here boy. But Sunni has sniffed out Chris' large backpack leaning against the rear of the van. Jan is just beginning to recognize it, when from behind the van appears Chris, looking like a million bucks.
136) 5) dialog: (overjoyed)
137) 0) text: An impromptu campfire celebration with live music from a makeshift stage. Jan, Rainey, and Chris sit on chairs outside the circle of inhabitants, taking in the music.
137) 1) dialog: You have to tell us everything. (Note: This scene should largely be improvised. They all know their characters, their history. Jan and Rainey are doing great. And while Chris is intermittently aware that the eyes of a pretty 16-year old girl are upon him, Chris lays out his travels and his PLAN FOR ALASKA.
137) 3) dialog: I think you've made yourself a friend.
137) 6) dialog: Good luck. The girl finishes her song.
138) 3) dialog: I wasn't much older than Tracy when I got             * pregnant. And I thought my husband and I were going to invent peace on earth and stay together forever. But it didn't work out that way. He left. History. Now ancient history. And that was the end of that. So, I raised Reno by myself - that's my son. Then I met Rainey. And that was really good for a while. But Reno was already a teenager and was becoming a man in his own way. And then, I don't know. He kinda followed in his father's footsteps - out the door and gone. And I really don't know where he is. I haven't heard from him in two years.
138) 5) dialog: Do your folks know where you are? Chris aims to deflect the question as Tracy enters the scene.
138) 8) dialog: No, sweetheart. Just hungry. You've been doing a fantastic job over there. (to Chris)
138) 14) text: 1. Chris reading and selling books. 2. Chris and Tracy taking walks with Sunni. 3. Rainey and Jan stealing some afternoon delight in the van. (It's the days of wine and roses) 4. Chris' new daily regimen of calisthenics. 5. Tracy's new daily regimen of watching Chris do calisthenics. His lean body tighter and stronger everyday.
138) 20) text: I guess Jan filled you in. About Reno and everything. Children can be harsh judges when it comes to their parents. They don't grant clemency easily. I think Reno tended to see things in black and white. I just hope he lives long enough to forgive her. The connection is not lost on Chris. RAINEY (CONT'D)
140) 0) text: We SEE the used Christmas trees of the residents being thrown onto an existing campfire, building into the enormous, celebratory bonfire that lights the scene. As we did with the footsteps in the mud and the kayak slashing the sand, we TRACK VERTICALLY along an extension cord from one of the trailer generators to the stage until we find - Tracy with her guitar and Chris with the second-hand organ from Rainey and Jan's booth on the stage. They enter into a duet of John Prine's Angel from Montgomery for the crowd of the Slabs' fire-lit inhabitants. In the crowd, we find Rainey and Jan clapping and dancing along to Chris and Tracy's song. Merry Christmas.
141) 0) text: Jan is pulling the van out from their plot.    Rainey is guiding the single-directional vehicle. Chris and Tracy stand beside the car path.    Chris write down Wayne Westerberg's Carthage address.
142) 0) text: This market/liquor store/post office serves as the cultural nexus for the greater Salton Sea area. As Jan's van pulls up opposite the post office and makes a U-turn to curbside, Chris gets out of the van. Now Jan's eyes really well up.
142) 1) dialog: (sweetly)
147) 0) text: (JANUARY 1992)