75) 0) text: The canyon has widened to beach-like banks.   Music FADES Along the banks he sees a YOUNG BLONDE COUPLE. This is MADS and SONJA, in their 20's, Danish. They play at the river's edge beside their campsite, hotdogs cooking on a Hibachi. Chris averts his eyes when Sonja rises from the water, topless.
75) 1) dialog: (yelling out to Chris)
75) 4) dialog: You can join us! Chris doesn't know quite what to do. But Mads seems quite comfortable inviting a stranger into the presence of his topless girlfriend.
75) 6) text: We have hotdogs! Chris - can't turn that down!   He paddles to within feet of the water's edge. MADS (CONT'D)
75) 7) text: I am Mads. CHRIS
75) 10) text: Hello Alex. This couple is extremely energetic. Can't wait to please. And a bona fide American adventurer in their midst. It's everything they could've wanted. MADS
75) 13) text: My Got! MADS
75) 14) text: Crazy man. You're a crazy man!    Sonja, he is a crazy man. (to Chris) I'll make you a hotdog. Mads grabs a hotdog from the Hibachi. MADS (CONT'D)
75) 18) text: Well... MADS
75) 20) text: You have ketchup? MADS
75) 22) text: Mustard and relish it is then. MADS
75) 24) text: (in Danish) Of course I want a hotdog.   Why are you stupid? Mads plops two more hotdogs onto the grill. MADS
75) 26) text: I haven't decided. MADS
75) 30) dialog: And then, we come here.   Maybe you go to Mexico. (MORE)
75) 33) text: How far are we from Lake Mead? MADS
75) 36) text: Man, I wonder if I could go all the way down into the Gulf of California. Chris traces his finger along the impossibly long route leading to El Golfo de Santa Clara. MADS
75) 39) text: (in Danish) You're embarrassing.   Idiot. Mads with a burst of re-exhilaration, grabs Chris' hand, shaking it violently. MADS
76) 0) text: Chris, back in the kayak is paddling down river. Mads and Sonja on the bank, wave a boisterous goodbye. And they just keep waving. And Chris keeps waving until he has drifted out of sight, when around the upriver bend arrive the RIVER PATROL. At river's edge, Mads, thinking quickly, waves for their attention. Pointing the river patrol back upriver, he yells:
76) 1) dialog: He went thattaway!   The crazy man - he went thattaway! And miraculously, the river patrol makes an about face and heads in the opposite direction of Chris. Suddenly Sonja thinks Mads is the most clever man on earth. As she jumps his bones right there on the river's edge -