35) 8) dialog: Hey, I'm Rainey.
35) 11) dialog: Alex of the hat.
35) 13) text: Yeah. Jan jumps back in passenger seat and the van rolls on. 39   INT. RAINEY &amp; JAN VAN 3-SHOT - CHRIS BETWEEN THEM IN THE BACKSEAT.
35) 14) dialog: Were you out there a long time hitching?
35) 19) text: See that? I've got this book and it shows you all the plants and berries that are edible. You can find things wherever you go. Jan steals a glance to Rainey.      He's hip.
35) 21) dialog: We were just in town getting some beads and stuff. Jan does handicrafts, so we're usually going from one swap meet to another. She's so good at what she does, we sold everything. So, we set up camp at Orick Beach. You're welcome to camp there with us.
36) 0) text: Chris, Jan, and Rainey are beside a campfire, sitting on blankets. Their tents loom behind them. Jan is weaving some sort of craft art. Chris is chomping on chicken and beans like they're going out of style.
36) 3) dialog: So, you're a leather now.
36) 9) text: (interjecting) As we have a vee-hi-cle. Rainey makes a move to put his arm around Jan. She goes a little stiff and fends it off. Chris notices. JAN
36) 19) text: I'll paraphrase Thoreau -- "Rather than          * love, than money, than fairness, give me         * truth."                                          * RAINEY                              *
37) 0) text: Chris sits up reading, his tent entry flap ajar to let the small candle lantern ventilate. OS we HEAR a ZIPPING SOUND. It's Rainey. We see him from Chris' POV coming out of his tent deep in thought. As he moves to the glowing embers of what remains of the campfire, Rainey's face goes out of frame and all Chris can see are his booted feet, tapping bits of glowing wood into the center of the fire. The tapping is slow and thoughtful. Micro-embers float upward into the night. Chris' tent flap closes by his own hand. ANGLE: Chris' dog-ears his book and puts out the lantern.
38) 0) text: We see Chris foraging for firewood in the bluffs above the beach. He's got it tied to his back and his front. If we didn't know better, we'd think he was camouflaging himself. Chris' POV: The rocks beside the water's edge. We see Rainey sitting beside the water, staring out to sea. We follow Chris' gaze to Jan, some fifty yards down the beach, walking melancholically in the opposite direction of Rainey. ANGLE: Rainey at the water's edge.   Chris appears beside him.
38) 1) dialog: (regarding Chris wrapped up in wood)
38) 4) text: Where's Jan going? RAINEY
38) 5) text: Well, my friend, all is not well on the hippie front. Chris pulls out his pocketknife, cuts the twine that binds the firewood to his body, and takes a seat beside Rainey. RAINEY (CONT'D)
38) 7) text: I think so. RAINEY
38) 9) text: I think she's probably quietly disconnecting. It doesn't feel right to her to be close to you if there's a hole of some kind somewhere else. RAINEY
38) 11) text: Actually, I'm a little afraid of water. Rainey gives him a sideways glance. CHRIS (CONT'D)
38) 15) dialog: I'll carry.   Shit-yes I'll carry. And with that, Chris runs down the beach toward Jan. Rainey watches Chris and Jan chat briefly. Then they strip down to their underwear and jump into the ocean, splashing and laughing. ANGLE: Rainey. A warmth comes over him, watching his old lady having some fun. He grabs two armfuls of wood and heads to the campsite. ANGLE: Chris and Jan swimming in the chilly water, having a ball. Jan increasingly indulges herself a motherly closeness and joy with Chris. And Chris allows it. She pushes the stringy hairs from his eyes, worries when he descends below the surface for too many seconds, and smiles and laughs in tender relief when from below surface one of her toes is pulled on by the big fish Chris. As he re- surfaces, she gives him a splash right in the face.
39) 0) text: Through a burning campfire in the late afternoon, we see the chilly bodies of Chris and Jan carrying their clothes run shivering toward us. Rainey sits beside the campfire.
39) 1) dialog: I thought you guys might need a little heat. Jan smiles appreciatively.
39) 3) text: That's not hot enough. Put your arms around me. As they embrace, Chris throws a coat on from his tent, puts on his funny straw hat, and grabs a book. Rainey has wrapped a blanket around Jan and they sit beside the fire.
39) 6) dialog: Alright. We might take a run into town to grab some food for tonight.
40) 0) text: Jan and Rainey on a blanket sharing a joint. Chris lying beside the campfire in his sleeping bag. Jan takes a toke, passes the joint to Rainey.
40) 3) text: Oh yeah. Rainey takes a toke on the joint. RAINEY (CONT'D)
40) 4) text: You'd like that if you're still on the road. Lot of fellow travelers. Rainey offers the joint to Chris.   Chris passes it up with a hand gesture. CHRIS
40) 5) text: What is that? The Slabs? RAINEY
40) 7) text: Near San Diego, yeah? RAINEY
40) 9) text: When the weather turns cold across the rest of the country, people show up there by the thousands: snow birds... RAINEY
40) 11) text: Sundry vagabonds... RAINEY / JAN
40) 17) dialog: Or the FBI.   CIA! DDT!!! The three of them laugh.
41) 0) text: The fire is burning low. Chris reads from Thoreau's WALDEN from the chapter on "Higher Laws" as we move slowly in toward him, we begin to HEAR quiet sounds of what may be love-making coming from Rainey and Jan's tent. A gentle smile comes over Chris' face and in its irony, he looks to the page before him.
42) 0) text: Gulls pierce into the grey morning ocean, snapping from schools of fish. And the subtle crackling of a campfire's death. There on the beach, Jan and Rainey's van, their tent, and the fireless coals of last night. But no sign of Chris, his bag or his tent. Jan appears from her tent, rubbing her eyes. She wears a sarong which she re-secures at the breast, then notices that Chris has left. But where his tent had been, the words:
42) 3) dialog: I know. Go to WIDE SHOT: Jan and Rainey remaining as they were. FOREGROUND: Seagulls GLIDE THROUGH FRAME.
136) 0) text: This is the vista of former barracks foundations Rainey and Jan Burres had told Chris about. Hundreds of people in tents and trailers, a quarter inch to the right of a Rainbow Gathering as hillbillies and renegades mix with the hippies. There are canvas-covered booths set up for swap and trade. Even a few makeshift food stands.
136) 6) text: Alex! As she goes to hug him - ANGLE: Rainey hearing his name, jumps up from his stool to join them. Big embraces all around.
137) 0) text: An impromptu campfire celebration with live music from a makeshift stage. Jan, Rainey, and Chris sit on chairs outside the circle of inhabitants, taking in the music.
137) 8) dialog: How long can you stay with us?
137) 12) text: I'm going to have to pick up a lot of supplies before spring. So, I might take another job or I might be okay. RAINEY
137) 14) text: I'm not taking any money from you, Rainey.   It's been a real great twist meeting you two. You look like you're doing good. RAINEY
137) 15) text: We are, and you were a big part of that, coming along when you did. Yep, things are good. (gives a little giggle) Man, I used to think Tantric sex was just a bunch of reading. Speaking of which, don't you think you ought to introduce yourself to Joni Mitchell over there? Chris looks up from his book to the wide open 16-year old smile of Tracy. Rainey laughs aloud. Chris smiles back, and against his better instincts, gives her a little wave over with the paperback. Tracy jumps off her step, putting her guitar inside the rig, and trots like a little wood nymph to Chris. TRACY                                 *
137) 26) text: I'm terrible. Rainey amused by all of this.
137) 31) dialog: Go on.   I'll watch the store.
137) 33) dialog: Hi. Rainey. And this is Alex. ("Don't lie to her.")
138) 14) text: 1. Chris reading and selling books. 2. Chris and Tracy taking walks with Sunni. 3. Rainey and Jan stealing some afternoon delight in the van. (It's the days of wine and roses) 4. Chris' new daily regimen of calisthenics. 5. Tracy's new daily regimen of watching Chris do calisthenics. His lean body tighter and stronger everyday.
138) 16) dialog: I really ought to get myself doing that.
138) 19) text: How the hell would you know? That poor girl over there is about ready to vault onto a fence post. And here you are, the monk of Jack LaLane. They share a laugh. Chris comes to the end of his sit- ups. Wipes his brow with a towel. Rainey squats down next to him. RAINEY (CONT'D)
138) 20) text: I guess Jan filled you in. About Reno and everything. Children can be harsh judges when it comes to their parents. They don't grant clemency easily. I think Reno tended to see things in black and white. I just hope he lives long enough to forgive her. The connection is not lost on Chris. RAINEY (CONT'D)
138) 22) text: Me too. RAINEY
138) 23) text: For what? Chris doesn't answer. A kid rides by on a bright new Big Wheel. Must be from the rich side of the commune. RAINEY (CONT'D)
138) 25) text: No. RAINEY
138) 27) text: They should. But I can't. Not yet, anyway. I got a sister though, Carine. She's the most beautiful girl in the world. But, it's all got to stay behind me until I get where I'm going. RAINEY
140) 0) text: We SEE the used Christmas trees of the residents being thrown onto an existing campfire, building into the enormous, celebratory bonfire that lights the scene. As we did with the footsteps in the mud and the kayak slashing the sand, we TRACK VERTICALLY along an extension cord from one of the trailer generators to the stage until we find - Tracy with her guitar and Chris with the second-hand organ from Rainey and Jan's booth on the stage. They enter into a duet of John Prine's Angel from Montgomery for the crowd of the Slabs' fire-lit inhabitants. In the crowd, we find Rainey and Jan clapping and dancing along to Chris and Tracy's song. Merry Christmas.
141) 0) text: Jan is pulling the van out from their plot.    Rainey is guiding the single-directional vehicle. Chris and Tracy stand beside the car path.    Chris write down Wayne Westerberg's Carthage address.
141) 7) dialog: You take care of yourself, kiddo.