75) 0) text: The canyon has widened to beach-like banks.   Music FADES Along the banks he sees a YOUNG BLONDE COUPLE. This is MADS and SONJA, in their 20's, Danish. They play at the river's edge beside their campsite, hotdogs cooking on a Hibachi. Chris averts his eyes when Sonja rises from the water, topless.
75) 8) text: Hi. Alex. SONJA
75) 9) text: I am Sonja. Chris gives Sonja a little wave. She bypasses it, wading up to the Kayak, giving him a big hug. SONJA (CONT'D)
75) 12) text: I am. SONJA
75) 14) text: Crazy man. You're a crazy man!    Sonja, he is a crazy man. (to Chris) I'll make you a hotdog. Mads grabs a hotdog from the Hibachi. MADS (CONT'D)
75) 15) text: Just one minute. One minute... Sonja has moved to the tent to put on a dry T-shirt. But as she moves back to the water's edge, those nipples keep saying Hello. Chris, meanwhile, simply cannot wipe the smile off his face in the presence of these warm, open people.
75) 23) text: Sonja, you want a hotdog? SONJA
75) 27) text: We like it here very much. We went to Los Angeles. And then, we went to Las Vegas. SONJA
75) 34) text: Sonja, how far is Hoover Dam? Sonja grabs a map from the tent, opens and scrutinizes it. We follow her finger tracing the river. SONJA
75) 35) text: Maybe three hundred thirty kilometers...like two hundred miles. Sonja walks the map over to Chris at water's edge and hands it to him. He studies it. CHRIS
75) 38) text: I go with you. We leave Sonja here.    You and me in kayak - we go to Mexico. SONJA
75) 41) text: Thank you. I'm very happy to meet both of you too. Sonja heads back for her hotdog taking her T-shirt off on the move. Chris is about to bust a gut. Sonja returns to her sunbathing. These two are a hoot.
76) 0) text: Chris, back in the kayak is paddling down river. Mads and Sonja on the bank, wave a boisterous goodbye. And they just keep waving. And Chris keeps waving until he has drifted out of sight, when around the upriver bend arrive the RIVER PATROL. At river's edge, Mads, thinking quickly, waves for their attention. Pointing the river patrol back upriver, he yells:
76) 2) dialog: Just like in the movies.