2) 0) text: (Graduation ceremony wardrobe) Walt and Billie sit at a table. A Cadillac can be seen through the window (ATLANTA LANDMARK), parked beside the restaurant.
4) 0) text: Chris and Carine join Walt and Billie at the table. Billie gets up and gives Chris a big hug.
4) 2) dialog: Congratulations, son. They all sit and pick up menus.
5) 2) dialog: That's a big deal. What do you have left in your college fund?
5) 9) text: I'm so glad you're getting out of that place you're living. It was so much nicer when you lived on campus. WALT
5) 14) text: Well, your father and I want to make a present to you. WALT
5) 16) text: What's a junker? Walt points outside to the Datsun.
5) 26) dialog: Everything's gotta be difficult.
21) 0) text: We see Walt and Billie's car pass under an Atlanta mileage sign.
22) 0) text: We observe Walt and Billie chatting with Chris' apartment manager.
34) 0) text: Walt, Billie, and Carine sit around the kitchen table in August. A copy of Chris' ticket has been sent to the Annandale address and sits before them. Billie and Carine sit silently. Walt's on the phone.
45) 0) text: We see Walt. He walks out the door of his house into the street. He keeps walking. And we go with him in his silent but internal Armageddon. We PULL him in CU throughout all that follows...(Refer to SCENE 171: "Dad calls it `suspended animation.'" This may affect our visual approach)
46) 0) text: Chris stands beside the family piano, speaking to a party of his parent's friends, Walt and Billie among them. Beside him, a large gift-wrapped present. Carine sits at the foot of the stairs at the back of the room watching her brother with a hint of concern.
46) 4) dialog: (patting his son the back)
46) 5) text: Would you look at that. Walt holds the telescope up for all to see.   And the party responds with applause. Chris walks through the cheering family friends to take his place beside Carine at the bottom of the steps.
114) 4) dialog: Don't walk away from me WOMAN!
115) 2) dialog: 
115) 4) dialog: (raging)
115) 7) dialog: Yes.   I'm God! Chris puts his hand out to Carine. She looks up to him. He gives her a smile and a wink. She takes his hand and they exit frame as the argument continues.
115) 8) dialog: Where do you kids think you're going?
184) 0) text: 1. We ZOOM into Walt McCandless' face as he looks through the Questar telescope that Chris had given him. ANGLE: The stars through the telescope. The same stars his son walks under...somewhere. We PAN ACROSS SPACE. (Note: This montage will intercut Chris' traveling POV with objective shots. However, we never SEE Chris.) 2. We PULL BACK from the starry night sky to see it framed from within a moving train. 3. Carine in her shower, water cascades over her face. 4. Billie in her kitchen, making dinner. 5. Through the windshield of a semi-truck, the sun rises on Glacier National Park. 6. A HANDHELD ZOOM-OUT from Canadian border crossing, CAMERA TURNS to the woods beyond and MOVES INTO THEM.
187) 0) text: Billie sitting bolt upright in the middle of the night, tears rolling down her cheeks. Walt awakens beside her.
187) 1) dialog: What is it?
246) 0) text: Chris, approaching the Annandale house.    His backpack o and body healthy. Billie parts the curtains, ecstatic to see Chris approach, alive and healthy. We SEE but do not hear her call to Walt. A smiling Chris steps up the curb, approaching home. Walt and Billie - we PUSH INTO them as they gleefully run out the front door to their returning son. PUSH INTO Chris - he dispatches his backpack to the ground and runs toward his parents' embrace.