47) 0) text: A pick-up truck pulls over for Chris. As Chris jumps in, we see on the passenger side door, the name WAYNE WESTERBERG boldly painted across it. Chris hops in beside a hyper kinetic man with thick shoulders and a black goatee.
47) 1) dialog: (rolling a cigarette without moving forward with the truck, his knees rattling up and down)
47) 2) text: How're you doing? Wayne Westerberg.
47) 4) text: Hi Wayne. Alex McCandless.
47) 5) dialog: Seems like every time I come on this road, there's somebody hitching out here who looks as skinny and unfed as you. Chris nods with a laugh.   Wayne continuing...
47) 7) dialog: Look, I gotta stop in Ethridge to drop something off (know what I mean?) Chris is not sure about the "drop something off" part.
47) 8) dialog: How `bout you and I grab something to eat down there?
47) 10) dialog: How long has it been since you've had anything to eat?
47) 12) dialog: Well, there's no choice about it.    I'm gonna get you some dinner. Wayne lights his cigarette, puts the truck in gear and they head down the road. As the sun dips behind the horizon we TILT UP off the departing truck to the sky. Ominously mounting clouds stunningly reflect the red rays of the hidden sun:
48) 0) text: Wayne's truck cuts through a track in a wheat field moving toward a compound of three trailers, one a double- wide, the other two on wheels, smaller. Beside them, a Wyeth-esque farmhouse. He eases the engine and comes to a stop in front of the double-wide. As he and Chris dismount the truck, Wayne gives him a hushing finger across the lips. They tip-toe up to the door, where Wayne shuffles a bunch of keys. A little thunder kicking in the distant sky.
49) 0) text: As Wayne and Chris enter, they tip-toe over empty booze bottles and passed out work crew; Wayne's harvesting team. They make their way to a small table in the kitchenette. Remains of the evening's dinner are on the stove. Wayne turns on the stovetop coils to heat it up.
49) 1) dialog: So where is it you're headed?
49) 3) dialog: Yeah, I used to have a girlfriend who'd go there, camp on the Black Feet Res. She was into all that American Indian stuff.
49) 7) text: Well, that'd be great.   What do you do out here? WAYNE
49) 9) text: You mean those free satellite TV deals? WAYNE
49) 11) text: You said it, not me. Chris is dazzled by this renaissance man of the plains. Wayne stands to dish out a couple of plates of heated food. As Chris starts digging in, a major gust of wind rocks the trailer. WAYNE (CONT'D)
49) 13) text: Who are these guys? Wayne gets a little giggle. WAYNE
49) 16) dialog: (pointing at guy making most of his snore)
49) 19) dialog: Listen, you don't want to go out there on the road tonight. Why don't you just roll your sleeping bag out and play like a Hudderite until morning. Chris looks about. There's not much room but it beats the pelting outside.
49) 22) dialog: Get a good sleep. See you in the morning. Chris waves a thanks, puts the pillow beneath his head and closes his eyes.
50) 0) text: We are TIGHT on Chris' hand atop the shifter of one of Wayne's lumbering harvesters.
50) 2) dialog: Okay. Now take hold of the joystick, get the feel of header, idle it down with the toggle switch... As Chris makes the attempt, we immediately hear the grinding of gears, the instrument alarms in chaos. WIDE SHOT: Chris and Wayne sit atop a combine. In the background we see Wayne's trailer and two other combines piloted by Wayne's crew members on the ocean of ripe blond grain. Chris tries his hand at the shifter once more.   This tim the thing starts to move.
50) 3) dialog: That's it. That's it. Now take it on out and make yourself some money. Wayne jumps off the combine and Chris begins to cut his pattern, intermittently struggling with the shifter. Wayne laughs his ass off.
51) 0) text: Six men including Wayne and Chris, two among them - Hudderites, crowd in to the small dinner area of the trailer. Talking politics and bullshit, and eating a welcome meal.
51) 1) dialog: I'm gonna break out some whiskey. Alex, you want anything other than that beer?
51) 6) dialog: I haven't got anything like that here. But I tell ya what. And I know I speak for everybody. You wanna come work with us in Carthage, we'll hook you up on the grain elevator and get you a White Russian down at the Cabaret.
51) 8) dialog: Dawn tomorrow, engines roaring. (to the others like a mock blues singer)
51) 13) dialog: (toasting)
54) 0) text: In the passenger seat, Chris is glowing at his new surroundings. Wayne picks up the CB radio.
54) 1) dialog: Okay Kevin, get all the machines back to the elevator. I'm gonna show Chris to his room.
54) 4) dialog: (laughs)
54) 5) text: First come, first serve buddy. Wayne signs off and veers off the road.
55) 0) text: A two-story Victorian in the Queen Anne style. Wayne veers his truck into the front yard, parking under the big cottonwood that towers above.
56) 0) text: Chris follows Wayne up the narrow stairwell.
56) 2) dialog: (carrying Chris' pack for him)
56) 3) text: Come on up in here. This'll be your room for as long as you hang about. Wayne opens the door at the top of the stairs.
57) 0) text: Wayne plops Chris' pack beside a single bed in the tiny but comfortable room. Chris enters, very happy with his new quarters.
57) 1) dialog: Shower's down the hall. If you hurry you can beat the rest of the boys to it. But you do want to grab a shower cause we're all heading over to the Cabaret in exactly thirty-six minutes. So, get your dancing shoes on. There's foo-foo in the medicine cabinet. I think it's Brut. (slaps his own face as if he's putting on cologne)
57) 2) text: Then you want to put your charm in overdrive cause we like to PAH-TAY! Wayne gives Chris a wink and exits, shutting the door behind him. Chris takes in his new surroundings. He's on a work crew and he likes it. Chris makes the move for the shower but by the time he opens his door to the hall, all the other crew members are barreling up the stairs in front of them, clamoring for dibs (Chris' POV)
58) 0) text: The Jack Daniels is flowing. Wayne's crew drinks, smokes, and strikes out with every fat woman in the place. GAIL BORAH, an on-again, off-again girlfriend of Wayne's tends bar. A petite sad-eyed woman, slight as a heron, delicate features and long blond hair. Wayne and Chris sit at the end of the bar.
58) 1) dialog: Alex, this is Gail . This is the one to go to for that White Russian you've been wanting. Of course the quid pro quo can be hazardous.
58) 6) dialog: Yes please, ma'am? Wayne slaps Chris on the back.
58) 7) dialog: Ain't he great?
58) 9) text: Don't pay any attention to him. With that Wayne reaches over the bar, grabs Gail and gets her in a lip-lock, to which she ultimately gives in.
59) 0) text: Wayne and Chris are both drunk.
59) 2) text: Anything to do with hunting, preserving the meat, smoking it or whatever, you talk to Kevin over there. That's your man. ANGLE: KEVIN.   He looks every bit the Grizzly Adams part WAYNE (CONT'D)
59) 4) text: I'm thinking about going to Alaska. WAYNE
59) 8) dialog: In the wild. CHRIS
59) 9) text: Yeah. Maybe write a book about my travels. About getting out of this sick society. WAYNE
59) 11) text: Because you know what I don't understand? I don't understand why, why people are so bad to each other, so often. It just doesn't make any sense to me. Judgement. Control. All that. WAYNE
59) 15) dialog: (tapping a long finger against Chris' forehead)
59) 19) dialog: Blood and fire...What? Mr. Happy. That's who I am. Gimme a kiss. Gail    pushes him off with mock disgust.
59) 20) dialog: (mock opening his zipper, in a high-pitched voice)
60) 3) dialog: Workin' time!
61) 0) text: All the boys are hard at it, including Chris and Wayne. Wayne moves to Chris' side.
61) 1) dialog: So, what do you think about all this? (The working life)
62) 0) text: While Wayne and most of the crew get a little rest in the shade of the grain elevator and eat their lunches, Chris and Kevin are deep in a bald patch in the field. Kevin is taking Chris through the paces of smoking and curing meat in the wilds. Chris listens and takes notes. (Director's note: Cast a "Kevin" who knows this shit and shoot it as a dialogue scene as well as a silent tableau.)
64) 0) text: All the men of Wayne's crew (who by now we've come to know) and Chris are working their asses off. POST LAP MUSIC FADES OUT as we:
64) 3) text: I gotta take a piss. Chris' POV: from high in the grain elevator. He watches Wayne below, as Wayne saunters out to the field to take a piss. With his back to us, Wayne whips it out and starts pissing about 25 yards from the grain elevator. CU Wayne. He looks up from his urination, the grain elevator behind him. We see a slight mischievous smile come to his face. He puts his hands up into the air when suddenly - Six unmarked FBI vehicles surround him. (Director's note: Triangulate three long lenses on Wayne as the mysterious cars enter each frame, as they skid to a dusty stop on all sides of him.) Chris and the men of his crew look on. MAN #1
64) 4) text: I warned him about those little black boxes. As Wayne is handcuffed and led away, he nods up to his boys. WAYNE
64) 6) text: Sorry boys. Gonna have to shut down for a while. Alex! You come back and work for me anytime. (to Chris and the men) Gail's got all your checks, guys. I shouldn't be away too long. With that, the FBI agents have hustled the good-natured Wayne into the back of one of the cars.
70) 0) text: We HEAR passing cars humming above. Chris has set up camp and he's digging in the dirt. He buries many of his belongings. He makes sure he's got his check from working with Wayne in his pocket. He packs only the essential items, burying all else. He gets into his sleeping bag and goes to sleep.
141) 0) text: Jan is pulling the van out from their plot.    Rainey is guiding the single-directional vehicle. Chris and Tracy stand beside the car path.    Chris write down Wayne Westerberg's Carthage address.
216) 0) text: (Director's Note: Handheld) Chris scrambles through his pack and finds the piece of paper where he had written notes of how to cure beef by smoking it, taught to him by Kevin, Wayne's hunter friend back in South Dakota.