5) 0) text: Yu presents the sword to Sir Te.
5) 1) dialog: This is Li's personal sword, a great hero's weapon!  He is the only one in the world worthy of carrying it.  It's too fine a gift. I cannot accept it.
5) 3) dialog: All right.  I'll act as the sword's custodian. De Lu, the head servant, enters.
5) 5) dialog: I must change.
5) 8) dialog: Please do not be such a stranger. You'll stay the night as my guest. Now, Shu Lien... tell me something. And forgive me for prying.  Your father was a great friend to me, and I think of you as my own daughter.
5) 10) dialog: Li Mu Bai giving up his sword and his warrior days... maybe he's trying to tell you something?
5) 12) dialog: Don't be coy.  I've always known about your feelings for each other. All these years, it's a shame... neither of you is brave enough to admit the truth to the other. You're both wasting precious time.
5) 14) dialog: When it comes to emotions, even great heroes can be idiots.  Tell me if Li Mu Bai is not more open the next time you see him.  I'll give him an earful!
10) 0) text: Sir Te hands the sword to Governor Yu.
10) 1) dialog: Go ahead, Governor Yu. Governor Yu is impressed by the opulence and elegance of sword.  He closes his eyes to guess the weight of the swo Te snubs out the flame from a candle, then slides the swo out from its sheath.  The sword gives off a luminous blue glow in the dark.
10) 2) dialog: Two feet 9 inches long.  1 inch wide.  The handle is 1 inch deep, 2.6 inches wide.  Seven-tenths of an inch thick.  With seven rubies missing from the hilt.  You can tell the design dates back to before the Chin era.  Engraved with a technique lost by the time of the Han Dynasty.
10) 4) dialog: A sword by itself rules nothing. It comes alive only through skillful manipulation.
10) 6) dialog: The Imperial Court isn't the problem.  With royalty and officials everywhere, the Royal Guard keeps security tight.  But Peking is not like the West.  Here, you'll find all sorts of characters.  Proceed with caution in your quest for law and order.  Don't depend only on the court.  Contacts in the Giang Hu underworld can ensure your position.  Be strong, yet supple. This is the way to rule.
12) 0) text: A wide shot of the compound.  A patrol man greets Master Sir Te's head of security.  The place is serene.
21) 2) dialog: How dare you imply?
21) 4) dialog: -- Enough. The men hustle out.  Bo can barely contain his frustratio
21) 6) dialog: Yes, though I doubt he's involved in this.
21) 8) dialog: Then someone's trying to set him up. We should inform Li Mu Bai.
35) 0) text: Yu is ushered into the room, to discover Sir Te talking t another man, whose back is to her.
35) 1) dialog: Shu Lien, look who's here. The man turns around -- it's Li Mu Bai.
39) 1) dialog: This needs to be resolved, and quickly.
39) 4) dialog: This is a delicate matter.
39) 6) dialog: What do you have in mind?
40) 18) text: Greetings, Sir Te.
40) 19) dialog: Hello, Madam Yu.  This is Li Mu Bai, the renowned swordsman.
76) 1) dialog: When will this end?  They take it, they put it back, they take it again.  My home is turning into a warehouse. Bo bursts into the hall, bows to Te.