1) 0) text: In her quiet room on this gay morning, Hester Prynne, the seamstress, makes ready for church.  She moves with fixed solemnity, her face as serious a mask as the children's w just passed by.  There is something quaint and precise ab gestures.  At first sight, she is all Puritan, filled wit pious, reserved.  All this while she buttons herself into grey dress, then draws her flowing hair back and binds it tight, firm coil at her neck.  It would be un-Christian i escaped.  But when she comes to her bonnet, the eternal f is revealed.  A bonnet can throw a dreadful shadow over a or it can be beautifully becoming.  She places it upon he Shall she wear it perched high, or well down over her eye perhaps just a wee bit to one side?  She really must see Cautiously she moves to the wall, and stands before a fra mat.
1) 1) text: She regards the worsted mat.  On it is inscribed this war from the scriptures: "Vanity is an evil disease." Then Hester sets it aside and lifts it down.  Behind it i of polished metal which serves Hester as a mirror.
1) 2) text: She practices how she will wear her hat, and her eyes smi reflectively, for there is someone at church who may look and she would meet with his approving glance.  Hester for is Sabbath and smiles.  It is entirely the fault of that hat.  Something stirs within her, springtime--a longing f and love, which is the fulfillment of life.  She starts! bells!  She hears their warnings.
1) 6) text: Hester leans down quickly to put the worsted mat over her Oh, that she should have dared--and on the Sabbath, too! vision of how charming the new bonnet is warms her, and h mind is filled with material thoughts.  The reflection of stops on the bird cage that hangs by the window.  Hester, from where she is standing, sees the little imprisoned bi puts the worsted mat back in place and starts toward the
1) 7) text: Hester moves swiftly toward the open window, through whic the light is streaming.  She seems conscious of the trans wrought within herself, aware, perhaps for the first time prison which she has so long endured.
1) 8) text: Close to the window is a rustic cage with a bird in it. shawl has been thrown over the cage; for the bird's song to mount on the Sabbath.  A shaft of sunlight has fallen Hester's face as she gazes at the cage, becomes wistfully should she hide its song, Hester asks herself in this mom rebellion.  She draws the black shawl away.
2) 0) text: (There is charm to the little thatched cottage.  On the d sign: "VILLAGE SEAMSTRESS"). A stern, forbidding group of men and women is passing.  A them is Mistress Hibbins, a gossipy, garrulous woman of  fifty, and Giles, a tall, gaunt Puritan, an unconscious c The former is Hester's persecutor, the latter her friend. Puritans pause by the window, listening with horror.  A b singing on the Sabbath!  Mistress Hibbins, with sly, mean glances, points at the window.  There they see--
2) 1) dialog: Hester is listening to the song of the bird.  She makes a figure framed in the dark window.
3) 0) text: Mistress Hibbins, who is the village gossip,--it is she w points her finger in scorn at Hester--urges one of the Pu mark Hester Prynne's door.  It is she who says, with mali intent: TITLE: "Bird singing on the Sabbath!  Hester Prynne must  answer for this!" The man stalks over, and, with a lump of gypsum, marks a upon the door.  The group nods in righteous approval, all Giles, who pleads that Hester be spared.  And as he does Mistress Hibbins watches him with malicious suspicion.
3) 1) text: Hester opens the door of the cage and peeks in.  "Good mo little prisoner!" with a merry smile.  The bird is like t shaft of an arrow as he darts past her hand and out of th She gazes out of the window, terrified that she has lost looks out--sees the bird--
3) 3) text: Hester hurries out.
4) 0) text: Hester enters, running.  She spins around and around, fra searching for some sight of her bird.  Her hat is shading Swiftly she pulls it off and tosses it upon a bench.  The out of the garden.
4) 2) text: Hester's lips are pursed as she whistles her call to the
4) 4) text: Hester runs through the garden and plunges into the thick
5) 1) text: Hester's hair is now flying loose--the wind stirs it--and dress is caught in the brambles.  A little, disordered fi running and searching the tree-tops.
6) 0) text: Mistress Hibbins, Giles, and the Puritans enter the churc The women are seated on one side, the men on the other. stalks along and takes his place in a pew near the pulpit on the aisle.  Mistress Hibbins, who is going to wait in vestry-room until the minister arrives so that she can te Hester, bustles down the aisle toward the vestry.  Giles one of his long legs out in the aisle and almost succeeds tripping her.
7) 0) text: Hester running farther and farther away from the church  and the sound of the bells.  Running rather gaily now.  S calling--whistling--looking for the bird.
8) 0) text: Reverend Dimmesdale is talking with a few of his parishio when Mistress Hibbins enters.  Mistress Hibbins fairly bu with excitement, she does so love to have a tidbit of gos impart.  She begins: TITLE:  "Though it grieves me to tell thee, Reverend Dimm about Hester Prynne--" BACK:  As she says this, Mistress Hibbins can hardly hold her smiles.  To be quite close to him, she edges nearer.
8) 1) text: Reverend Dimmesdale listens to Mistress Hibbins.  "We wer Mistress Prynne's house--she stood by the window--she unc the bird--the bird sang--and then if she didn't deliberat go running after the bird!  And if that wasn't enough, Re Dimmesdale, we heard her whistle."  The old lady purses u lips and whistles--then gives an imitation of Hester call birdie, birdie!" beckoning to the bird. Into Reverend Dimmesdale's eyes comes a look of stern con (He has known a rigorous school of religious training, an has made him stern and severe toward the transgressor.  H pity for the frailty of human nature, and is relentless w in judgment on his parishioners who have sinned.  The sto Arthur Dimmesdale is of a man who becomes guilty of the v he damns in others, and his spiritual growth through sorr repentance.) "It is wicked of Hester Prynne to do this--and on the Sab Mistress Hibbins is pleased to hear him say.
8) 3) text: Hester Prynne is running now, a tiny figure against the p tall trees.  The running has excited her.  She enjoys thi freedom.  We see her spin around, almost in pirouette, as and calls and darts toward the bird--one moment frightene fear she has lost him, the next moment laughing.  The spr of the year, the wind blowing her hair, and she is surrou the holy beauty of nature.
8) 4) dialog: The bird has lit on the branch of a flowering tree.  Hest up to him; she is breathless; her eyes are sparkling.  Sh suggests the precise little Puritan girl--she is a sprite woods!  Her dress is torn, her hair is tumbled.  The bird from her outstretched hand.
8) 5) text: Hester is running again.  All the latent elfin joy in Hes has sprung into being.  She does not know that a group of dark and grim as the silhouette of trees through which th have stopped to watch her.
8) 6) text: They stop short, aghast as they hear laughter and a woman They look off and see Hester.  What is Hester Prynne doin them it looks as if she were dancing.
8) 7) dialog: Hester is spinning again in gay pirouette as she sees the one moment, there the next.  Now she plunges laughingly i flowering thicket.
10) 0) text: Hester Prynne is running and now laughing, so exhilarated by this unexpected release.  She sees--
10) 2) text: As Hester looks at the bird, their comes to her the reali freedom has brought happiness to the bird.  She will no l to capture him.  She is breathless, her eyes are dancing She sees--
10) 4) text: Hester runs and waves a happy farewell to the bird.
11) 0) text: Through the open door can be seen the parishioners in the The Puritans who had seen Hester in the woods have arrive they are telling Reverend Dimmesdale of Hester Prynne's s dancing and running on the Sabbath. A look, so forbidding as to be cruel, sets Reverend Dimme face in a firm mold.
12) 0) text: Hester Prynne who has returned for her bonnet, is seen ag as she hurries out of the house putting on her bonnet.  B is no longer any happiness in her movements.  She is terr She knows now that she is late for church, will be caught undoubtedly punished!
13) 0) text: Hester, breathless, stands outside, wondering if she dare church; then she almost glides in, earnestly praying that be able to slip into her pew unnoticed.
13) 1) text: The backs of the parishioners are to the camera.  Reveren is in the pulpit preaching.  There is no soft, kindly lig his eyes.  He doesn't talk to them of salvation, but his shows that he is condemning them for their sins.  He stop moment, as his eyes sweep over the congregation, because catches sight of Hester.
13) 3) text: He is quite infuriated by Hester's effort to escape punis "Hester Prynne!" and he points a finger at her dramatical "Thou hast sinned--and wouldst try to hide thy shame!   Child of the devil!  Come before me that I might advise t teach a lesson to my flock through thee!"
13) 8) text: She raises her face toward him, her eyes are filled with in them is a look so pitiful, so pleading, that there is secret of Hester Prynne's heart--she is in love with the Her eyes caress the stern face that bends above her.  His are lost; she hears only his voice, the voice of the man loves.
13) 9) text: He is looking down at Hester.  He is still crying out, "S thee, Hester Prynne, that thou, a young girl of our villa broken the sacred laws!  Shame on thee!"  And then it is her eyes, so pitiful and pleading arrest him in his drama against the sins of the flesh.  And there comes into his a strange wonderment, as if he has become aware of Hester for him.
13) 10) text: There is between these two a long exchange of tense, dram glances.  Reverend Dimmesdale, unconscious of everything the presence of Hester, bends close to her.  And eyes loo into eyes they lean to.  It shocks him--this realization Prynne is in love with him.  And through what emotion is passing?  She is lovely to look upon; there is something about her tenderness, so forgiving is she.  And how can h there and in cruel words denounce her?  What is stirring his own heart?  Could it be possible that he, too, is awa response by that great love of hers? (This long exchange of glances may have to be divided int ups--back and forth between the two, because it is a poig moment, this birth of their love.)
13) 12) text: The tears have never left Hester Prynne's eyes, but her f smile reveals hidden ecstasies in her heart.
13) 13) text: Hester's back is to the camera.  Reverend Dimmesdale is p Once again his face is set in stern condemnation; but as addresses the parishioners, his eyes stray again toward H face.  Now he looks at her as if he were afraid of her, a resentful that she has awakened the dormant emotion of lo his heart.
14) 0) text: It isn't Hester, but Mistress Hibbins, who has thrown the because there she stands with the second rose in her hand about to toss it also when Giles comes along.  Rather she she hides the rose.  The two quarrel.  Giles hates her so can hardly keep his hands from reaching out and wringing neck.  Mistress Hibbins, switching her skirts, walks away
15) 0) text: He is still gazing dreamily at the rose.  Now he goes to to peek out, to catch Hester, to see her smiling, upturne
15) 1) text: He looks out, expecting to see Hester--and he does!  He g dramatically a short distance away into the square--and t what he sees:
15) 2) text: The stocks are set close to the bleak wall of the church. ray of sunshine strikes full upon Hester, a prisoner of t She is suffering now from slight exhaustion, her head dro wearily.  When she raises her eyes, in them is a haggard who has endured hours of discomfort.  Several Puritans pa little heed to her.  Punishment in stocks is an ordinary comes Mistress Hibbins.  Her nose is in the air.  She smi triumphantly and switches her skirts as she sails past.
16) 6) text: A dreadful weakness has overcome Hester.  Hearing footste approaching, she raises her head, and, upon seeing the mi standing there staring at her aghast, she speaks through moving lips, "Water."
16) 7) text: The minister hurries away to the pump, not far from the c He fills the small pewter mug with water, and then turns hurries back to Hester, dropping on his knees beside her.
16) 9) text: The minister, sincerely touched by Hester's suffering, kn he may hold the cup of water to her lips.  Again their ey hers filled with a melting tenderness and forgiveness. In his voice there is a pleading note as he tells her: TITLE: "I did not know that the committee had meted out f punishment to thee ... canst thou forgive me, Hester Pryn BACK: In her eyes is not only forgiveness but the express deep love for him.  He seems strangely stirred by it, as before her.  Their faces are quite close together; his ga into hers. ... Again he is profoundly stirred.  There is look in his eyes as he bows his head when Hester Prynne a him "I did not believe that thou didst order this punishm me."  Then her head droops again.  It is the sight of thi makes him realize she is suffering; it brings him to sudd
16) 10) text: The minister rises to his feet.  He looks about him, and out of the meeting-house, the Governor followed by the be and two other Puritans.  The minister, eager for Hester's hurries over toward the steps of the meeting-house.
16) 15) text: The minister raises Hester to her feet.  She is weak; her stiff from sitting so long in that rigid position.  She t Believing that she is going to fall, he puts his arm arou support her.  She looks up at him gratefully.  Thus they toward her home.
16) 18) text: The minister flies from Hester because he is afraid of th Then he looks back.  Another dramatic pause; she is leani over the little gate, looking after him.
16) 20) text: Hester is gazing after the minister.  How deeply she love How unashamed she is of this love!  And, though filled wi longing for him, there comes over her an emotion of happi is now aware that he is in love with her.  With this happ singing in her heart, she hurries into the house.
17) 0) text: Hester enters.  She walks in deep reverie.
17) 1) text: As Reverend Dimmesdale walks along in great strides, as i were hurrying to escape from the lure of Hester, we see h struggle to put her out of his heart.  Again he is afraid saying to himself, "No--no, I cannot let myself yield to love."  For a moment he hates her; he hates her for the a of his own weakness; and then there comes again a transit brings him to a sudden stop.  There sweeps over him a ten for her, a longing to see her again--something of the sam that Hester had known.  His face is suddenly aglow with b softness.  His eyes are deeply tender.  He seems almost o this sudden rush of emotion.
19) 0) text: Hester is seated on a little stool at work on a bridal ve busy with her needle; for it is she who makes the wedding for the village girls.  Now she stops to bite off a threa this is done, she holds it up and studies it, pleased wit Now there comes to her a desire to try this veil upon her see if it becomes her.  She rises and goes to the wall .. the hidden mirror is hung.
19) 1) text: Hester has again set aside the worsted mat and is trying bridal veil.
19) 2) text: Hester's eyes are filled with loving memories of Reverend she gazes at herself in the mirror, and she sighs as she caressingly over the veil.  She whispers "Beloved," her f close to the mirror that her lips almost caress the refle
20) 0) text: Reverend Dimmesdale sitting there dreaming of Hester.  Hi reflect her own thought of him.
20) 1) text: Hester is gazing dreamily into the mirror.  Then there co complete transition of her expression from ecstasy to fea no!" she cries aloud.  "I can never wear a bridal veil--n And with a dramatic gesture she pulls the bridal veil fro head.  Hester, who is married, knows that she cannot wed even though he should ask her.  This thought brings fear sorrow to her.  She looks down at the bridal veil, her te upon it.
22) 0) text: Hester tries to wipe away her tears as she hurries to the She opens it and Giles enters.  Giles, who is grinning ha he comes into the room, because he likes Hester and is al glad to see her, stops short as he sees the tears which s successfully wiped away.  Hester, afraid that he has seen drops down onto a little footstool and starts putting the or two into the bridal veil, busying herself with her wor
22) 1) text: His mouth drops open as he looks upon Hester with ludicro sympathy.  "Hast thou a tear in thy eye?" unconsciously i his own.
22) 3) text: Hester rises to show the veil to Giles.  He handles it in clumsy hands, awkwardly holding it out and grinning a she embarrassed grin.  Hester clasps her hands as she looks a When Giles sees her intent gaze upon it, he suggests: TITLE: "Perhaps thou wilt be wearing a bridal veil someda BACK: At this the same look of pain that he had seen in H eyes comes back to them again.  Giles is a simple person; no idea how she betrays herself when she cries out, "No, Never!  Never!"  Then, to his utter astonishment, she tur back to him and buries her face in her hands.  Giles make very awkward gestures.  He doesn't know whether to place big hand on her shoulder and pet her--to offer consolatio into the cause of her grief--or what to do.  So he just s there rocking on his big, flat feet, looking wild-eyed an
23) 0) text: Hester has found an isolated spot to do her washing.  She from her knees beside the brook, wrings out a pair of pan then hurries away to where she is hanging the nether-garm dry.
23) 4) text: Who should be walking along in meditation as he reads fro prayer book but Reverend Dimmesdale.  Hester tries to esc he sees her, plunging behind a large protective bush.
23) 7) text: The minister is endeavoring to gaze at her sternly.  "Hes Prynne, thou hast a guilty look in thine eyes.  Thou hast again!" Hester, wild-eyed, keeps backing away from him.  "No--no! pleads.  "I am innocent--I have done no wrong.  Please go Please leave me!"
23) 8) text: Hester is slowly backing away--her eyes fixed on the mini face.  His command rings out again.  "Stop, Hester!  Thou hiding something!" Blushing, embarrassed and shy, Hester keeps backing away. "Hester Prynne, stop!"  So compelling is the note in his she dares not move and stands there transfixed, her hands of her. With a stern, forbidding look, Reverend Dimmesdale stalks Hester, stops short before her, and peers over her should stands there stunned for a moment.  Then, without a word, turns on his heel and walks away with head lowered and hi modestly on his prayer-book.  Hester watches him until he from sight.  Then with one swift gesture she tosses the g to one side and hurries after him.
23) 9) text: From a distance we see the minister walking along, quite away from Hester, his gaze still upon the prayer-book tha holds in his hands.  Then comes the little figure of Hest toward him until she is at his side.  
23) 10) text: The minister with a most pious air tries to pretend that even see Hester.  She cannot keep up with his long stride she falls behind and has to run to keep up with him.  The with mock seriousness, she steps out with long strides to own footsteps.  He looks up, pretending surprise, nods to rather curtly, then glances straight ahead of him.   But is rather pleased, for the Reverend Dimmesdale, though he deny it himself, is seriously in love with Hester.  And a walk, they look toward each other again, the minister try preserve an air of dignity and slight disapproval that sh so bold as to persist in talking to him. At last she breaks the silence.  She says in a very quiet manner, though there is an arch smile in her eyes: TITLE: "It would be pleasant, sir, to walk beside thee an thee condemn me for my sins." BACK: And with this she edges one step nearer him so that they walk side by side, her swinging arm touches his slee
23) 11) text: We see fading away into the distance, until they are lost silhouette of trees, the minister and Hester.
23) 14) text: Hester's eyes as they search Reverend Dimmesdale again be the great love that she feels for him.  Again he is stirr profoundly, though always there is within him that consta against all emotional expression.  Hester, who loves deep unreservedly, and has neither false pride nor false modes bends close to him. Her eyes pleading that he care for he to yield herself to the glowing joy of love that she may sacred happiness in his arms. She asks him with quiet emphasis: TITLE:  "Is it so great a sin to love?  Why are we taught ashamed of it?" BACK:  Reverend Dimmesdale cannot answer.  He moves close to her as if his arms would reach and draw her into them. a moment pregnant with emotional suspense.  An impulse se him to crush her in his arms; his hand, taut upon her wri draw her nearer ... wild, unspoken words of love thrill t him, but remain soundless in his heart.  Thus they face e other; Hester in an ecstasy of yielding; Reverend Dimmesd glowing with a great desire, yet held in leash by the fea that has been taught him through all those years of gruel religious training.  With a despairing gesture, he turns her.
23) 15) text: Reverend Dimmesdale springs to his feet.  He hurries from But Hester does not move.  She sits there quietly in a sh of light that pierces through the tall trees, divinely ha his eyes have told her that he loves her. Reverend Dimmesdale stops short.
23) 18) text: Reverend Dimmesdale walks swiftly back to Hester, falls o knees before her, draws her into his arms, and kisses her fierce tenderness.
23) 19) text: Again and again he kisses her, whispering to her passiona of love; because once a man of his nature releases himsel great physical emotion, all restraint is torn away; he kn barriers; it becomes a terrific, hysterical release. After her first moment of yielding, there comes a fear of a passion in the man she loves.  Hester draws away from h slight, almost unconscious gesture, her eyes searching hi fearfully, as if she were seeing him in the light of a st for that brief moment.  It is when he sees this slight ch Hester's eyes that he cries out in fierce protest: TITLE: "Hester, I love thee.  There is no sin in a love l BACK: And as he holds her close to him, his lips seek her
24) 5) text: Through the lighted door we can see into the room.  There the Governor and two or three of the Puritans.  Reverend hurries out and closes the door after him.  Giles and the pass, exchanging a brief greeting.  The minister hurries Hester's house.
25) 0) text: The minister going toward Hester's house.  A group of Pur pass and the minister is forced to step into the shadows are gone from sight.
27) 0) text: Hester is seated before the fireplace at the loom.  The q is made interesting by the glow of candlelight. Hester is her thread preparatory to weaving. She hears the approach of footsteps outside, as they crun the snow.  She listens, startled and intent, rising and g the door.
28) 0) text: The snow is fast piling upon the eaves.  Reverend Dimmesd enters quickly, gliding into the shadows for fear that he seen.  The door is opened slightly--a chink of light show Hester is standing there.  She opens the door wide enough Dimmesdale, who enters, then the door is closed after him
29) 0) text: The minister's face is aglow with a new interest.  After she looks toward him to know what has caused his strange, animation.  And he tells her eagerly: TITLE:  "The Governor has appointed me as delegate to car petition of our colony to the King.  I sail on the next b BACK:  Hester's eyes widen with alarm as they search his A look of doubt and fear--they are to be separated--and y expression reveals nothing but an eager happiness to be a Dimmesdale, seeing that she does not understand, smiles w great protective tenderness as he draws her into his arms
29) 1) text: He laughs almost boyishly, as if it pleased him a little and then his voice lowers to a caressing note as he expla she is to share his happiness: TITLE: "Thou canst no longer refuse to marry me, Hester-- BACK: "Shame on thee!" he adds, hardly conscious of the c in her expression.  "For the moment thou didst doubt me-- didst think that I was eager to be away from thee."  And the laughter dying away, "As if every moment from thee  would not be pain!  Far easier for me to give up the sun thee, my Hester." It is when he ceases protesting his love that he becomes the change in her; for Hester is staring at him dumbly, p She knows now that the moment has come when she must tell him that she is married.  But how shall she begin?  Will forgive her for the deception?  Tumultuous thoughts rage her, tormenting her, bringing her almost to the verge of down before she has even made her confession.  Almost as were afraid to speak, for she has beheld a look of fear i she turns away from him.
29) 3) text: Hester holds the ring before him; it lies in the palm of outstretched hand.  He stares at it for a few moments and quite understand. "My wedding ring," she says simply.  "I have worn it upon finger," making to slip it upon the fourth finger of her He stares at it, then drops it from his hand as if it wer coal that had burned his fingers.  "O my God, Hester!" is from his very heart.  "Thou hast betrayed our love.  Thou been false to vows made to another.  Thou hast lied to me cheated me!"  A terrible pain tugs at his heart.  It seem terrific moment as if he hated Hester for the intense ago passing through.  "Thou!" and he points his finger at her art the wife of another!  And in my heart thou wert my wi Our love held all the sacredness of marriage.  Oh, my God and his grief mounts.  "Why didst thou so betray me?" Pitifully she goes to him, and lays a gentle hand upon hi "I am guilty," she replies quietly, "and I am guilty of a for thee." She beseeches him to listen to her.  With eyes pleading f understanding and forgiveness, she explains to him: TITLE: "I was never wife to him.  I hated him!" She continues after a dramatic pause: TITLE: "On the day I left England, my father married me t wealthy surgeon. ... He was to follow on the next ship wh his estates had been settled." BACK: Hester is reviewing her past--she sees it all befor as if it were yesterday, her eyes wide with remembrance: TITLE: "These years that have passed have brought no word from him, though my father wrote me that he had left Engl BACK:  The minister stands there listening to her, so utt crushed because he cannot make her entirely his, his to l and protect, his to journey with him on the mission which to take him away a year.  So shaken is he that though he has forgiven her, he has no words for her, no look, no ge
31) 0) text: The two are standing by the door.  The curfew has brought back to sudden consciousness.  He must leave, hurriedly! her face in his hands, and his gaze plunges deep into her studies her intently as if to photograph indelibly upon h every detail of her beloved face.  Then, without a farewe of lips upon lips, he turns and hurries away while he sti has the courage to leave her.  When he is gone, she stand staring after him--her body poised for flight.  Then ther flooding over her the realization that he is gone--that s to bring into the world a child--and that she must face t alone! Fear, stark and terrifying, lays hold of Hester.  Her han to her heart.  How can she face those grim Puritans alone will become of her?  And of the child who sleeps under he The thought of her child works a strange miracle in her-- her into a wistful reverie, wherein fear for the moment p part.  Hester's arms feel her child in them.  Then fear t her again, as there floods over her all the tragedy that future holds for her.  "I can't face it alone!  I haven't courage," she cries aloud.
32) 0) text: In the lighted doorway, we can see Hester.  She runs out the snow, beckoning, "Come back!  Come back!" ... But he already gone.  She stops.  She cannot let him know--she c send him away with this burden on his heart.  She turns b the house and closes the door after her. 
33) 0) text: Hester seems white and drawn and her eyes are flaming wit budding terror.  At last when her emotion has reached a c she cries out, "O Lord forgive me--and make Thine eyes to upon me in my hour of travail and repentance!"
34) 5) text: It is a grim, bleak, formidable prison.  Huge spiked door high-barred window through which streams a path of daylig In a rough cradle lies Hester's baby.  Hester sits there stool, gazing straight ahead, her supine hands in her lap coming into her great eyes which are dull, almost express Eyes that are like ghosts of a remote sorrow.  All emotio whipped from her, so much has she suffered.  Her gestures eloquent of her utter abandonment of hope.  She has alrea so much she gives the impression that life has passed her and nothing will ever be able to hurt her again.  She sit staring down at the baby.  Once she leans over to pick so little piece of lint from off the woven coverlet, or to d lightly over the sleeping child's face.  
35) 1) text: Hester hears footsteps and voices outside.  She glances d toward the door, wondering if the guards have come for he
36) 0) text: The warden has opened the door.  Reverend Dimmesdale ente and stands there staring transfixed at Hester.  So stunne that he makes no perceptible move.
36) 1) text: So much has Hester suffered that one feels her reactions quite normal.  She stares at Reverend Dimmesdale through eyes, almost as if she were not quite certain that it is she could not believe that he had really come to her at l
36) 2) text: It is when the door is closed by the warden and these two alone that an agonized cry is wrung from the heart of the "Hester!" It is his voice that brings him closer to her.  When he r toward her and drops on his knees before her, she could a swoon from the surge of sorrow commingled with infinite r at having him close to her again, to give her courage, to ordeal through which she is about to pass.  Dimmesdale gl at the baby.
36) 4) text: The tears have dried in Hester's heart--they do not well eyes.  It is the minister who breaks down completely.  He "O Hester, canst thou ever forgive me?  I never dreamed b that thou wert happily waiting for me.  Oh, what thou mus suffered.  And I, free, unpunished, allowed to walk in Go while thou art doomed to a prison cell--" His tears fall onto her hand while she sits there looking loving him, pitying him, as a mother would love and pity so tenderly does she lay her hand upon his head in sweet When a woman has endured as much as Hester, there comes t her a strange, almost abnormal, calm.  She is not aroused this until the minister cries out to her: TITLE: "Thou shalt suffer no longer!  I shall tell them t am to blame, that I am the one who should be scourged!" BACK: Then it is that Hester is fully aroused.  The thoug he must suffer, that _he_ must be branded, is more than s bear.  She pleads with him, "No--no!  Thou must keep our secret locked in thy heart!  I cannot bear to have thee s She covers his mouth fearfully with her hand.  "Be silent wouldst cause my death!  I am dying--dying!  I could no l live once I did see thee dragged through the village squa at, hissed at, despised!" It is then that he challenges her: "But what right hast t suffer alone?  Wouldst thou make of me a coward?" All the mother-love that Hester shows toward her baby is in her eyes as she looks upon him who at this moment is a to her.  She tells him with pious sincerity: TITLE: "We have sinned.  I am paying for my sin..." He looks up at her compassionately.  She speaks again: TITLE: "Thou must answer for thine in service to others. people love and honor thee. ... What right hast thou to tear down their ideal?" BACK:  Hester's admonition's make their impression upon D He hesitates in pain--then protests:  "Hester wouldst tho a coward--cheapen me--and make me unto myself a Pharisee? at once and tell them." He rises as if he were about to rush out of the cell.
36) 5) text: As he starts toward the door, Hester runs to him and clin him.  With all her heart she is pleading with him to hold silence in protection of others, crying out: TITLE: "If we serve God we will atone for the sin that is Thy service lies in the salvation of souls." BACK:  He stands staring at her with stunned eyes.  Befor can answer, the guards have flung open the door.  Hester sprung away from him so that all they see is the humble f Hester with bowed head standing before their beloved mini The guard tells him the Governor wants him. He leaves, his burning eyes fastened upon her.  Her last him is a pleading one not to reveal himself.  When the do are closed and she is left alone with one of the guards, fearfully in the direction he has departed, her fear grow she does not know whether or not her pleas have convinced that he must endure his silence as part of his punishment
36) 6) text: The ominous sound of the muffled drum (interpreted in the pit) is dramatic preparation for Hester's entrance from p march to the scaffold.
37) 0) text: Hester's back is to the camera.  The guard is standing th watching her.  Hester's movements indicate that she is pi something upon her breast, but we do not see what it is. she lifts the sleeping child from out its cradle and hold her breast.  And when she turns around, her badge of sham not revealed.
39) 0) text: The prison gates are opened.  Two guards march out, huge, looking men who suggest executioners.  Then Hester comes, slowly, carrying her child upon her breast.  Though her f marked with suffering, she holds her head high with fine pride; for soon she is to pass through the crowds who wil their fingers at her.
40) 0) text: The Governor, the beadle, and several Puritans stand out balcony, which is parallel with the scaffold.  It is from over the heads of the people, that the Governor will call Hester's sentence.  The minister joins them there.  A fea change is wrought in him.  His eyes are stark and staring face looks haggard; a dreadful weakness has come over him staring down at the foot of the scaffold where he sees He martyr, reviled by the villagers who have gathered there the consummation of her shame.
40) 1) text: As Hester marches through the crowd to the scaffold, they there, grave, disturbed with hatred of her.
40) 2) dialog: Mistress Hibbins cackles and points her fingers.  "Adultr screams in her high, shrill voice. Giles pushes forward, and with his sharp elbow stabs Mist Hibbins until she is forced back.  Then he takes her plac eyes are sad.  He speaks the only words of comfort she ha "Have courage, Hester, thou hast in me a friend."  His fa made grotesque by his sympathy for her.  She walks past, held high, regal as a queen.  She hears neither Mistress reviling nor Giles' words of comfort.
41) 0) text: Dimmesdale is staring at Hester, distraught.  The Governo him and is apparently unconscious of the dreadful express his face.  He insists to the minister: TITLE: "The charge of her soul has been with thee.  Exhor to confess her fellow sinner." BACK: Dimmesdale is staring at the Governor, realizing th despite his struggle, has to step forward before the crow speak to the woman that he loves.
41) 1) text: Hester with pitiful dignity stands there holding her chil arms.  Now she looks over and sees Dimmesdale on the balc his eyes almost on a level with hers.  And again there co her the fear that he will reveal himself.
41) 2) text: Reverend Dimmesdale steps forward.  "Hester Prynne," he c out, "I charge thee to speak out the name of thy fellow-s and fellow-sufferer!"
41) 3) text: This shot is to establish that the crowds standing around scaffold now turn from Hester, who has held their attenti minister, whose voice, ringing out to Hester, holds them. gestures very clearly show that he is speaking to Hester. is across the heads of the multitude that Hester and the play their dramatic love scene, wherein Hester tells to h ears alone understand, the depth and beauty of her love; his words of pity and sympathy make known to her the trag that he feels.
41) 4) text: Dimmesdale, struggling with his own emotion, inwardly pra that she will point her finger at him and free him from h struggle with his own conscience, beseeches her: TITLE: "O Hester, be not silent from any mistaken pity an tenderness for him." BACK:  He pauses for a moment until he has the courage to continue: TITLE: "'Twere far better that he should stand on thy ped of shame than hide a guilty heart through life..." BACK:  He holds out his arms supplicating her to speak hi
41) 5) text: Hester has never loved so deeply as at this moment; her e caressing his face.  A faintness overcomes her.  She smil lovely tenderness.  The hand of the baby reaching up pluc mouth.  Then Hester glances down at the child, and the sm deepens.  Once more her eyes are upon him.  Her voice car over to him this message of her heart: TITLE: "I will never betray him!  I love him ... and my l will follow him through all eternity!"
41) 8) text: A beautiful light seem to fall upon Hester's face, the li love, as she calls across the heads of the people to him that are almost a prayer: TITLE: "O would that I would endure his agony as well as BACK:  Her eyes are full of a deep, forgiving compassion.
41) 9) text: So broken is the minister by now, so crushed is his spiri he cannot speak again.  The Governor infers from his bowe that the minister is sorrowful because he has not made He confess.  Now it is he who steps forward.  A pompous man enjoys his power and his position, he clears his throat b makes this peroration:  "Hester Prynne, thou art a sinner art a wanton and a fallen woman--and I stand before thee mete out thy punishment!"
41) 10) text: There is a movement among the crowd, an eager pressing fo The Governor's words, "I shall mete out thy punishment," their attention.  Some are looking at Hester; some are wa almost breathlessly for the Governor to give his orders.
41) 11) text: The agony of the minister is increasing.  He stands in ba the Governor as the latter, pointing to Hester, cries out TITLE: "Reveal the brand of thy shame which thou shalt we until thy death--a brand which will mark thee so that the world shall forever shun thee."
41) 12) text: Slowly, Hester lowers the child that is in her arms.  On is the scarlet letter "A" for adultery.
41) 13) text: A very definite reaction on the crowd.  Now they can let their jeers, their hisses, their revilements.  They can c shame, Hester Prynne!  Look at her--the branded woman!"
41) 14) text: Like a martyr Hester stands there.  The little hand of th now tugs at the letter "A."  Hester is looking up as if i she were praying for strength to endure her sorrow and hu
41) 21) text: Hester is sitting there nursing her baby; its little face against the scarlet letter.  She lays the child in its cr night.  Only a tall, flickering candle lights the gloom o cell.  Suddenly, without warning to Hester, and she is sh the prison doors swing open, and there marches into the r of Puritans we have just seen passing through the street. is Mistress Hibbins.  She alone cackles and crows over He looks at her with sly, meaningful glances; the others are silent. No word is spoken until they have filled the cell.  Heste she expected some further sentence upon her, rises.  Thou them, there is beautiful dignity about her.  "Why art tho here?" she asks.  "What dost thou want of me?"
41) 24) text: Hester listens.  She has heard that dreadful sentence, wh moment leaves her too stunned to make protest.
41) 25) text: The beadle takes a step toward the cradle.  Hester spring front of it protectingly.  Now it is that the grief she h kept pent-up within her is unleashed.  She pleads--pitifu breaking pleading--her body racked with sobs. She is telling them:  "Thou canst not take my baby from m is all I have to love--to cherish!  I will make myself wo her; I will devote my life to her!  She is the heart of m Thou canst not tear it out of my body." But they shut their ears and whisper coldly among themsel Mistress Hibbins seems to be urging them forward.  She si up to the beadle and whispers in his ear.  One instinctiv that she is saying, "Seize the child!  Take it away from wanton!  Have not pity for it--it is the child of the dev When the beadle starts toward the baby in its cradle, a t mother-love possesses Hester.  She takes the baby in her Her voices rises to an hysterical crescendo, and her body with the violence of her denunciation.  "Thou canst never child!  Mine!  Far rather would I see her dead than to be over to thy care!  Brought up to know only intolerance, i damnation!" "Silence, Hester!" the man's voice rings out.  "Stand bac we may take the child without violence." A scream tears out of her.  "Stand back!  I will strike t the first one who dares lay a hand upon my baby!"
41) 26) text: In the flickering light of the candle, Hester's staring e of a mad woman.  Her face is distorted with terror and ra "Stand back!" she screams again, "or I will tear thee lim from limb!  I will tear the hearts out of thy bodies!  I thee suffer as thou hast crucified me!  Stand back!"
41) 27) text: Even Mistress Hibbins is silenced by Hester's eyes, blazi fury that is close to madness.  There is no perceptible m
41) 28) text: But just as they are galvanized into action and make to s Hester, Reverend Dimmesdale enters the cell, pushes his way through them, hurling them to one side with a force t born of despair, until he stands before Hester, ready to her.  His voice echoes Hester's frantic command, "Stand b There is something so compelling in the fiery eyes of the that they move toward the door and stand shame-faced befo him.  Some of them shuffle their feet and look about unea "Shame on thee that thou wouldst attack a helpless woman! minister's voice is broken with compassion for her.
41) 29) text: Hester holds her baby against her breast, her arms fearfu around her, ready to shield her. The minister looks at her and down at the child.  It is t time his eyes have lingered upon his own baby.  It is a t he bends upon it--then a mutely tragic look at Hester whi of his suffering.
41) 31) text: They had never thought of this before.  A nameless brat! child, so sacred in their eyes, must be branded "a namele in the eyes of the world.  There is tragic pathos in his he speaks to Hester: TITLE:  "Before God, thy child shall have a name, and I s baptize her--"
41) 32) text: At this news there is general protest from the assembled But the minister raises his hand commanding silence, and obey him.  Then he orders Hester to stand forward under t glow of light.  She holds the child in her arms and faces He looks around for water, which is one of the properties baptism.  On the crude table in the room, or perhaps by t of the child, is a pewter mug with water in it.  This he an places near him, or asks one of the Puritans to hold. reaches for the child and holds it tenderly in his own ar he baptizes it.
41) 33) text: "Hester Prynne, what wouldst thou name thy child?" he ask Hester, gazing down at the child, answers quietly: TITLE: "I name thee Pearl--for thou art indeed a pearl of price."
41) 35) text: The minister prays with a fervor that tells of the agony own soul.  Hester, deeply touched, weeps silently.  Her b tears fall upon the baby's upturned face.
41) 36) text: One of Hester's tears falls upon the baby's cheek.  It la When the second tear drops upon its lips, the baby's litt licks it off.  (This can be easily done by letting fall a water sweetened with honey upon the baby's mouth.)
41) 37) text: Hester looks down at the baby.  This little funny gesture baby's which will undoubtedly make the audience laugh, ma Hester laugh, strange, terrible, hysterical laughter whic sorrow.
41) 38) text: Laughter is a ghastly thing in this grim, dank prison cel laughter, which has a note of madness in it, sends the co chills down their spines as they, still kneeling, look up horror.  Even the minister steps back from her, aghast, t realizing that it is laughter born of Hester's broken spi a scene of hysteria is dangerous, it is advisable to play ways.)
41) 40) text: Hester is sitting by the window.  She wears a dark dress. somber work sewing on black palls.  The child is the only fantastic element close to her.  She comes dancing toward mother, seizing her by the hand and trying to draw her ou the garden.  Hester shakes her head and, indicating her w says that she cannot leave.
41) 41) text: There is an intense love between these two.  Hester looks into the little laughing face and bends to embrace her. search the child with sweeping tenderness.  She brushes h back from her forehead; she makes a little spit-curl on o She scrutinizes the child's ears to make certain they are She takes a handkerchief and blows the child's nose.  The says triumphantly, "Thou art ready for play."
41) 42) text: The minister is passing Hester's house.  We note at once shocking change in him.  He is haggard--his eyes are sunk their sockets.  He looks like a man who has suffered a se At the window are Hester and the child.
41) 43) text: Hester bends forward with a sharp intake of breath as she the minister passing.  There is mute recognition, an exch tragic looks between the two.  The child, curious to see attracted her attention, peeks out at the minister.
42) 1) text: The sight of the man she loves leaves Hester faint, almos fro the moment.  Her eyes close wearily.  Then her mind i brought to sharp focus by the voice of her child. "Mother?" the child is asking curiously. When Hester looks at the child, the little one has her ha her heart, and her voice is curious: TITLE: "Mother, why doe the minister always put his hand his heart?" BACK:  Hester shakes her head.  "I do not know, my child. must not ask me so many questions."  She reaches for the upon which she has been working.  "Thou must go out to pl dost thou not see how busy I am?" The child exits.
44) 0) text: Hester is folding the pall when she hears the outcries of She springs to her feet, lays her work to one side, and h
45) 0) text: Pearl is standing there, a spraddle-legged, tempestuous f slinging the burrs at her enemies.  Some of the children throwing mud, and Pearl is covered from head to foot.  He frightened, comes running out and up to Pearl.  At sight most of the children fly, but one little boy waits, ducks He is going to let Hester have a handful of it.
45) 2) text: Hester has dropped on her knees beside Pearl.  She is gaz the child aghast.  The mud comes into the scene, striking full in the breast, half-covering the letter "A."  Pearl
46) 0) text: Several of Reverend Dimmesdale's parishioners are there t about church duties.  He is trying to hide the ravages of troubled conscience that have just been made by the sight and the child.  He is surrounded by his people, who look him with eyes filled with an awed love and respect.  Thei toward him will make it very evident that to them there i very saint-like about him. A child enters and runs up to her mother.  The minister l down and with a tender gesture touches the child's head. speaks in a wistful, distraught manner to two old people. marked a contrast between his attitude now and his former condemning manner. Enter Mistress Hibbins and the Puritans, who were the obj of little Pearl's wrath.  Mistress Hibbins is bristling w indignation.  She tells them of what the child has done t Her eyes are flashing.  There is a note of triumph in her she concludes: TITLE: "Every time I pass the house I put a curse upon th of sin." BACK: There are dreadful words for the minister to hear. starts to protest against her tirade, but her shrill voic as she bitterly exclaims, "Hester Prynne should be run ou village."  All are agreeing. The woman he loves--and his child.  Again his conscience that pain shoots through his heart.  His hand goes to it. all show their alarm.  He assures them it is nothing; he all right and able to go on.  When he leaves them, they w among themselves, shaking their heads sadly.  They do not that the minister will be long with them.
47) 0) text: A small wooden tub sits before the fireplace.  Hester has washed Pearl and is now helping the child into her shirt she turns, hearing a knock upon the door.
49) 0) text: Hester reaches for a shawl, wraps it quickly around Pearl opens the door.  The men enter.  Hester greets them pleas but they make no response.  Their gestures are stiff, and words few.  "Mistress Prynne, is the pall ready?" Hester gets the pall and shows it to them.  They examine to see if her work is well done. During this action, the youngster has gone over to the wi which is close to the door leading out into the backyard.
53) 0) text: Hester comes hurrying out, looking around for Pearl.  She nowhere to be seen.
55) 2) text: Hester, hurrying down the street in search of Pearl.  She sight of her as she scoots across the square.
57) 0) text: Reverend Dimmesdale, listening to Mistress Hibbins tirade upon her and silences her.  Then he starts forward to go aid of Hester.
57) 3) text: His hand pressing his aching heart--to think that _he_ ca while Hester must suffer!
57) 4) text: Hester, hurrying past the camera on her way home, carryin in her arms.
57) 8) text: Pearl is dangerously ill with a fever.  Hester watches an bending over the bed, fixing her frightened eyes upon the who tosses about.  "Pearl!" she cries to the child, and w agonized suspense for a response.  Pearl is unconscious; little hands are growing cold.  Hester breathes upon them chafes them to warm them.  She is frightened, bewildered- does not know what to do.  Suddenly, she rises, calling o as if her voice would carry to him.
58) 0) text: Hester exits from her cottage and starts toward the villa
59) 0) text: A lantern over the door shows this sign:  HORACE GILES--B SURGEON.  Hester is pounding on the door. Giles' assistan door.  He tells her Giles isn't there and points over tow meeting-house.  Hester exits in the direction of the meet
60) 0) text: Hester comes outside of the meeting-house, hesitates, and up to the window.
60) 3) text: Giles looking in the opposite direction from Hester.
60) 5) text: The beadle, hearing the tapping on the window, turns arou sees Hester.  Furious that she dare come there to pry int affairs, he motions her away and orders two very tall, ga Puritans to step in front of the window to shield what go within from Hester's eyes.  Hester, forced to leave, runs door.
60) 6) text: Hester is tying to push her way through the crowd  at the but the two stern-looking Puritans refuse her admittance. women are allowed there in the first place, and how does she who wears the badge of shame, to enter in search of G Hester, pitting her puny strength against theirs, tires t way in, but they force her farther from the entrance.  Th frantically pleads with them: TITLE: "My child is ill--I must speak with Giles, our bar BACK:  But they only order her away, forming a bulwark th which she cannot pass.
60) 7) text: Hester pushes her way through the crowd at the door, call "Giles!  Giles!" But the hand of one of the Puritans clos her mouth.  Ducking under his arm, she evades him and pus on past the tall figures.
61) 0) text: Hester is a pathetic little gray figure among the men who the tall trunks of dark trees. Upon the platform can be seen the Governor, making an add of welcome to the stranger.  Hester's entrance has caused commotion and attracted everyone's attention, so that the pauses in his address. Forgetting everything in her terror but the thoughts of h she runs toward Giles.  She seizes him by his hand, cryin TITLE:  "Come with me!  My child is dying!  Thou must sav BACK:  Giles rises, embarrassed but eager to serve Hester they start out. Hester has not noticed the stranger, who rose at her entr has been staring at her dramatically.
61) 1) text: The Governor can be seen in the back, getting the ledger. foreground Roger Prynne and the beadle.  The face of the is drawn and dark.  He turns toward the beadle, standing him, and asks: "Who is that woman?" The beadle tells him, "Hester Prynne--the only woman in o village who wears the badge of shame." Roger Prynne has seen the scarlet letter.  He has heard h about her child.  The beadle whispers to the stranger the Hester Prynne, but does not notice that the man's face gl revengeful light.  The Governor motions for Prynne to com write his name in the ledger.  Prynne walks over toward h
61) 4) text: Giles and Hester are at the bedside of the child, who lie rigid, in a spasm--a spasm that has all the appearance of Giles bends over her, examines her pulse and eyes, while watches fearfully, not daring to ask the verdict.  Finall gasps:  "Canst thou do anything for her?" and her voice r a wail. Giles shakes his head with growing apprehension.  "I cann thee, Hester." "Then she will die!" Hester turns back to her child.  Hea sobs now rack her body.  "Pearl!  Pearl!  Thou canst not from me!  Thou art my life!"  She covers the little stiff kisses.  Then comes to her the thought that at this tragi father of the child should be there, and she fairly screa TITLE: "Go for the minister!  Tell him my child is dying! BACK:  Giles, like one in a daze, staggers out.  Hester t to the child, whose eyes are now stark and staring.  Hest eyes are those of a mad woman.  The enforced inertia, her to do anything to help Pearl, is almost killing Hester.
63) 0) text: These moments of delay are harrowing ones to Hester.  She not which breath may be the last.  She feels that she can inaction no longer.  She lifts the child, heavy and stiff arms and staggers with her to the center of the room as i going to run to the church for fear that the minister is to her.  Then, swaying under the weight of the child, she is madness, and carries the little one back to the bed.
65) 0) text: Hester hears the sound of footsteps upon the gravel.  She Hope lights her face.  It is as though her heart had crie "He is come!"  She rushes to the door and swings it open.
65) 1) text: Roger Prynne's face leers at Hester from the shadows.
65) 2) text: Hester recoils as though she had been struck.  "Thou!" sh staring at him transfixed. His moves are slow and deliberate, as if guided by inner He closes the door, and, as he comes toward her, she back her eyes still fastened upon him, wide with terror.  "I t that thou wert dead!" Without a word, he points to the letter "A" upon her brea "Adultress!" he cries, and then with his face convulsed w and hatred, he tells her: TITLE: "All these years I have thought of thee--dreamed o to thee!  And now that I do find thee--" BACK:  The words seem choked off, and he can only point a to the scarlet letter.  For a moment it would seem as if reason were tottering, she is so spell-bound by the omino of this man.  Then, hearing a slight convulsive movement the child, her mind is brought into sharp focus again.
65) 3) text: Hester drops on her knees beside the bed, her fear for th surmounting every other emotion.  For a moment Prynne sta watching these two; and then without a word he leans over examines the child.  Hester watches him fearfully.  At la slips the knapsack off his back, opens it, and searches f leather medicine case. Hester pays no heed to him as he prepares some medicine. she looks up, he is pouring it into a phial.  He tells he TITLE: "Have no fear, Mistress Prynne--I can cure her!"
65) 4) text: Prynne holds out the phial to her, saying: "Woman, this c yours--she is none of mine.  Administer this, therefore, own hand." Hester, her eyes filled with suspicion, makes no movement hand draws close to hers with the phial in it.  Her eyes she asks apprehensively: TITLE: "Wouldst thou avenge thyself on an innocent child? BACK:  A twisted, unhappy smile comes to Prynne's lips, t his eyes remain cold.  She watches him intently.  Althoug controls his deep emotions, his eyes are brilliant and fi strange fever as he says to her: TITLE: "I could do no more for her were she thy child--_a BACK:  Hester administers the draught to the child.  Pryn kneels with his head on the child's heart.  Hester watche concentrated upon the child.
65) 7) text: Hester looks up at Prynne, who is studying the child.  He are inquiring of him, "She is better?"  He tells her: TITLE: "All danger is past.  'Twas but a spasm--in a few she will be well again." BACK: For the moment, forgetting that his motives may hav been sinister, Hester is conscious only of hysterical rel commingled with a certain gratitude for his having saved The child out of danger!  Hester relaxes.  Tears are in h and yet she is happy, quite happy, in spite of Prynne. It is when he sees her relief that his face hardens and f hatred.  This transition comes slowly and definitely.  He toward her and, with eyes flaming and filled with menace, charges her: TITLE: "Who is the father of this child?" BACK: Hester stares at him, shocked by the suddenness of change in him.  She cries out to him, "It is a secret loc heart.  No one shall ever know." That long cruel finger is pointing at her!  "Answer me, w Reveal thy secret to thy husband!" "No!  No!" Hester cries, "I would die first." Now she sees him slowly rising and creeping over toward h When he reaches her, his outstretched hand seizes her wri drags her to her feet.
65) 8) text: Prynne, with Hester's wrist held in a firm grasp, draws h him.  His fingers press cruelly into her flesh.  There po him a bitter, scathing denunciation.  "The name of the ma keeps repeating.  "Confess!" Hester is like a baited animal.  "Never!  Never!" she cri even to my child!" He holds her to him, his temper working up to a violence he can scarcely control.  Then it is that they stop, as i steps outside.  Hester, terrified, looks instantly toward She knows it is the minister--and that he will find Prynn
67) 0) text: Roger Prynne releases Hester from his firm, cruel grasp. is an expression of fiendish cunning in his face as he tu kneels down beside the child with his back to the door. hurries forward, inwardly praying that she can stop the m But she is too late.  As Prynne drops down beside the bed door flings open and the minister comes in.  He does not as he staggers toward Hester, crying out: TITLE: "Hester!  Our child!" BACK: Hester's face is frozen with horror, but the minist arms have caught her and held her close in an embrace tha born of despair.
67) 1) text: Hester's first thought is for the protection of the man s but she seems paralyzed with horror as she draws out of h and looks toward Prynne.
67) 2) text: Prynne is smiling that diabolical smile which is filled w and a promise of revenge.  He slowly rises, his eyes fixe Hester and the minister.
67) 3) text: The minister is shocked to discover a stranger in the roo Prynne rises and makes one step toward the minister, Hest thought is that he will do no bodily harm to the man that She springs toward the minister protectingly; but Roger P revenge is more subtle.  He smiles; there is a suggestion in his gesture as he faces them.  Indicating Hester, he s TITLE: "I am her husband."
67) 4) text: So much has the minister endured of physical and mental s that he has now reached the peak of despair.  Hester stil stands before him in that protecting attitude, her eyes f Prynne, as if she were hypnotized by him.  She waits for sentence that he will pronounce upon them, as if waiting doom.
67) 11) text: The captain from the Spanish ship and several of his crew seated at one of the tables.  They are colorful, interest The captain is a jolly cavalier, rotund and friendly.  At tables are somber, sanctimonious Puritans eating with gre Hester and Pearl enter.  The child, bashful, clings to he mother's skirts.  Hester goes over to the innkeeper to as which of the men there is the captain of the Spanish boat innkeeper, surprised at Hester's request, goes to the cap him if he would speak with Hester.  The old pirate, delig to speak to any pretty girl, rises and goes over to her.
67) 12) text: The captain bows before Hester with quite a show of galla When Hester talks to him, she keeps her hand over the sca letter on he breast.  She is asking him eagerly: TITLE: "Thy boat sails tomorrow afternoon--after the elec celebration?" BACK:  The captain nods heartily--tells her that his boat America for the Spanish Main.  Hester continues eagerly: TITLE:  "I would secure passage for three--a man, my chil BACK: There is a roguish twinkle in the captain's eye.  " would be glad to accommodate thee." Hester hands him a little leather purse filled with coins opens it and pours out into his hand the coins, counting he agrees upon the price for the passage.  As Hester watc him, her face radiates new hope.  Fear is slowly leaving it; a light is coming back into her eyes; she breathes ea she felt that freedom were close at hand.
67) 15) text: Hester tells him breathlessly her plans--that she has see captain of the boat, that he must leave, fly from the thr revenge of Roger Prynne.  Earnestly, she is trying to per him. TITLE: "In some far-away country happiness is to be enjoy There is the broad pathway of the sea." BACK:  She watches him eagerly, her eyes searching his fa But hope has long been dead within his heart.  It cannot easily be brought to life.  Slowly, despairingly, he answ TITLE: "There is not the strength or courage left in me t venture alone--"
67) 16) text: Hester is watching him intensely.  Her eyes are deep with She whispers with scaring happiness--her heart already re of much of its pain: TITLE: "Thou shalt not go alone!"
67) 18) text: She draws closer to him--her hands find his.  Her face is glowing now with the happiness that had been lost through long years of suffering.  She cries out to him: TITLE: "We need never look back.  The past is gone." BACK:  Her fingers go to the letter on her breast.  She f with it.  When she looks up at the minister, it is with s eyes as she tells him: TITLE: "See!  With this symbol I undo it all and make it it had never been." BACK: Eagerly she begins to unclasp the letter.  Dimmesda watching her, listening as if he had been called upon to a dream.  Exultantly Hester flings the scarlet letter fro Unconsciously she stands straighter as though her shoulde free of some burden.  She takes a deep, free breath of ha relief.  Another quick, impulsive thought lights up her f draws the cap from her head and allows the full shining r of her hair to fall unconfined.  Thus she stands once mor --her eyes wide with hope--a beckoning smile on her lips she looks at Dimmesdale.  He is breathless with wonder at beauty.  As his soul throws off its shackles, he stumbles her almost exultantly.  He takes her in his arms, looking with shining eyes.  "Yes, I will go with thee.  We will g together to another land."  He clasps her more closely to His hands linger upon her hair.  His eyes plunge into the of her eyes.  His lips touch hers.  "O my beloved," he cr the past forgotten--with the thought of future happiness for us!" Hungry for this embrace that they have been denied all th years, forgetting all the agony that has gone past, they themselves to this beautifully tender and emotional love Then slowly they withdraw from each other's embrace, as t child's little hand reaches up and plucks her mother's sl
67) 19) text: The wind is blowing Hester's hair--her eyes are lighted w the divine light of happiness.  Then slowly there comes o a strange expression which is unexplained for a few momen is staring down at the child.  What is that the child is her hand?  Memories of the past come flooding back, terri her.  Will she never be allowed to forget the past?  Two hands reach up into the scene and pin the scarlet letter breast.  Then the hands withdraw, and slowly Hester's han and start binding her hair.
74) 0) text: Hester is on the floor, kneeling before the little trunk. is a pile of clothes--hers and Pearl's--near the trunk, a packs and unpacks the things, so bewildered by her happin she does not know what she is doing.  Pearl is trying to carries her funny-looking doll to her mother to be carefu away with the other things.  Hester spins around in sheer as she dreams that on the morrow the three of them will h and all pain and unhappiness will be forgotten.
75) 1) text: Hester is standing there, watching the parade.  She is as and as excited as a child--even more so than Pearl who cl at her mother's hand, rising on tiptoe when the soldiers The people have moved away from Hester, so that she alway stands alone. Indians can be seen in the background. Mistress Hibbins comes running past Hester on her way hom She is like a wet hen flying for shelter.
75) 3) text: Hester is no longer able to control her eager excitement. few moments the minister will pass by and their eyes will There will be a salute between them--a flash of recogniti In a few hours they will be away!  She doesn't notice tha Prynne is walking up to her, standing in back of her.
75) 4) text: Hester, conscious that someone is near her, turns slowly looks into the eye of Prynne.  Prynne smiles and bows, th quietly moves away.  Hester's eyes follow him.  The light happiness dies out, and then slowly comes back to her as dismisses this fear.  It is only a transient one.  A few longer!
75) 5) text: In this shot we see the procession passing by Hester.  Th minister walks beside the Governor--the beadle in back of They march close to Hester.
75) 6) text: The minister, walking along, looks over at Hester.  His e signal to hers.  There is in them a sudden sparkle.  He, a divine happiness.
78) 0) text: The Puritans have poured into the church.  Hester sees th church is filled.  She would go in, but the beadle motion She and Pearl go over to the foot of the scaffold.
80) 0) text: Hester stands there alone with Pearl.  The Indians, passi stop and stare at her curiously.  The child is frightened hides behind her mother's skirts.  When one of the Indian to the letter on Hester's breast, her hands fly to hide i looks at them, hurt and frightened.  Two Indians pass by to the camera, one saying to the other: TITLE: "She must be some great dignitary here." (Title to be written in Iroquois language, dissolving int
81) 0) text: Hester stands there alone, waiting for the minister.  She lost in a reverie of dreams.  The sunlight is falling upo face which reflects her inner happiness.
82) 0) text: Hester Prynne in the foreground with Pearl, waiting.  She forward eagerly when she sees that the people are beginni pour out of the church.  The captain of the Spanish boat close to her.  She hurries over to him with light happy s
83) 1) text: The trumpeters pass by Hester and Pearl.  They are follow by men blowing fifes and beating drums.  Hester, reaching very height of her happiness, stands there watching them.
84) 1) text: The two talk low, tensely.  "Thou art planning to escape, Prynne.  "Thou hast dreamed that freedom would come to th freedom!" and he laughs scornfully. The minister stares at him, stricken.  Prynne continues m TITLE: "The boat that takes thee and Hester away, takes _ BACK: The minister stares at him as if he could not reali significance of his words.  A fearful weakness overcomes He would clutch at something to hold himself up.  He make supreme effort to keep from falling.  Prynne speaks again TITLE: "Wherever thou dost go, I will follow.  Thou shalt escape." BACK: The minister reads into this bitter accusation more the revenge of this one man who has been cheated out of h happiness.  He sees the relentless pursuit of conscience, cries out against it.
85) 0) text: The crowd is eagerly waiting for their minister and in th is Hester.
85) 1) text: Hester can no longer hide her joy.  The child, laughing, at her mother's hand and looks up into that flushed, exci
87) 1) text: Hester watches as a radiantly happy smile illuminates the face and, gathering new strength, he starts down the step Hester stands directly in his path, and it would seem tha happy smile is for her.  She draws back, fearful that any with her will cast its reflection upon him.  And then, wh he sways unsteadily, she starts forward as though to help But when he comes close to her, she sees that his radiant fastened upon something beyond, and he passes by without seeing her.
87) 3) text: It is suddenly revealed to Hester what the minister inten A scream almost tears out of her.  Then she stifles it an there, not knowing what to do.  She starts forward as tho she would stop him--then hesitates.  Anything she does wi him in the eyes of the people.
87) 6) text: The minister straightens and lifts his head as though thr a burden off his shoulders.  There is something strangely in his voice as he cries aloud to the crowd: TITLE: "I stand here where I should have stood six years  ago--by the side of Hester Prynne."
87) 7) text: For a second the hushed silence of the crowd is unbroken- then the figure of Hester flies through the stunned crowd up the steps of the scaffold to the side of the man she l
87) 8) text: The minister falls on his knees beside Hester, crying out Prynne!" with piercing sweetness. But Hester turns to the crowd, pleading with them to list her, as she cries out: TITLE:  "He is mad!  His illness hath unbalanced his mind He wears the veil of my sorrow; he accuses himself falsel BACK: As she speaks, the minister is trying to summon eno strength to rise and deny her feeble attempt to save him, he sinks at her feet again. Pearl has followed her mother, and now shyly clings to he
87) 10) text: The Governor now walks to the foot of the scaffold.  Ther movement among the waiting crowds. The minister staggers to his feet again.  "Stop!" he crie dramatically.  "Turn thy eyes back to me again!  Look upo sinner. Hester Prynne would protect me again--but it is t Thou must behold the evidence of my guilt!"  The minister passionately forward a pace before Hester and the child.
87) 11) text: He is crying out, "I bid thee look again as I, in my deat stand before thee.  I bid thee look again at Hester's sca With a convulsive motion, he tears away the ministerial b his breast, and there is revealed the letter "A"--the bad of shame which he had burned upon his breast with the fie cross.
87) 15) text: Hester holds him in her arms with his head resting agains breast.  "Hester," breathes the clergyman, "It is farewel Then Hester, bending his face close to his, her eyes shin tears, whispers tenderly: TITLE: "Shall we not meet again?  Shall we not spend our life together?" BACK: When the minister is able to speak, it is with trem solemnity: TITLE: "God knoweth--and he is merciful--for he hath brou me hither to this death of triumphant ignominy before the people--" BACK: Her lips touch his forehead in a farewell caress. he breathes these words to her: "Pray for my soul, Hester is fast ebbing away. Hester, lifting her eyes in a moment's swift, silent pray him in her arms.  With his last feeble gesture, he tears letter off her breast.  His fast-dimming eyes seek the ey Governor.
87) 16) text: The old man bows his head.  The last dying wish of the mi shall be fulfilled;  Hester Prynne shall never again wear of shame.
87) 17) text: His last words to her are: TITLE: "We could never have fled from our sin--we could never have hidden it.  It is better to cleanse our souls. Forgive me, Hester--" BACK: And his eyes close in quiet repose as if he were si into a peaceful sleep. For a few moments she is not aware that death has come. sits there rocking him in her arms, but over her has fall of peace, as if she, too, were at rest, as if she, too, k of the eternal forgetfulness that gives to his face a smi even in death.  When she see that he is dead, she quietly down.
87) 19) text: Hester is enveloped in a great calmness now that she know at rest, and she says very simply: TITLE:  "He is dead.  Let us pray for his soul."
87) 20) text: The people scarcely move; as if they couldn't quite belie the minister was dead, that the voice of Hester was falli their ears, asking that they should pray.  She has risen stands before the cross.
87) 23) text: Hester stands before the cross praying, praying for the s the man she loves.  Out of her martyrdom has come an infi peace and quiet beauty.  And as she prays