18) 7) dialog: What is it, Edgar?!
18) 9) text: Get your big butt back in that house! Beatrice does as she's told, closing the door behind her. to the smoldering rock, raising his shotgun in defense. A VOICE comes from deep in the hole.
19) 0) text: BEATRICE sits at the kitchen table, terrified, still wipi from Edgar's diatribe. The door opens and EDGAR comes bac kitchen, seemingly fleshed out again, leaving the door ha him. He carries the shotgun. She looks up at him, anxious. But his face is a blank.
19) 1) dialog: What on earth was it?! He looks at her strangely. When he speaks, his voice is d before. More refined.
19) 3) dialog: I've never seen sugar do that.
19) 7) dialog: Edgar, your skin! It's -- it's -- just hanging off your bones! Edgar drops the glass and looks in a window, to catch his reaches up -- -- and twists his whole face, as if adjusting a ski mask, skin of his neck back into his shirt collar.  He looks at
51) 0) text: The LTD pulls to a stop at the end of the driveway that l Beatrice's farmhouse, where the alien ship landed. The wr truck is still there. JAY and KAY get out, very undercove up the driveway.
51) 5) dialog: Can I help you gentlemen? Beatrice looks much better than the last time we saw her dressed, a touch of makeup, a smile on her face. Kay pulls a black card from his wallet and extends it to close. As she reaches for it, the card reforms into an FB
51) 7) dialog: Are you here to make fun of me too?
51) 9) dialog: Sure. Lemonade?
52) 0) text: In the living room, KAY sips some of her lemonade and win through the room, checking it out as BEATRICE tells her s
52) 1) dialog: And they said to me, "If he was murdered, how could he walk back in the house?" And I must admit, I was a little stumped by that one. But I know Edgar. And that wasn't him. It was more like something else that was wearing him. Like a suit. An Edgar suit. A little GIGGLE escapes her at the thought. Jay, over by notices a framed PHOTO OF EDGAR, kneeling in the woods, p skin a deer.
52) 3) dialog: Sorry?
52) 5) dialog: Anyway, when I came to, he was gone.
52) 7) dialog: Yes! He asked for water. Sugar water, if I remember.
52) 11) text: Okay, Beatrice. There was no alien, and the flash of light you saw in the sky wasn't a UFO. Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and refracted the light from Venus --