2) 15) dialog: Tough call, Kay. He walks down the row, studying the faces, greeting each Spanish.
2) 24) text: Again, the Guy smiles and nods. Kay looks back at Dee.
2) 32) text: We're gonna have a little chat with our friend here. You boys can hit the road ... and keep on protecting us from dangerous aliens. Kay and Dee escort their captive across the road and over leaving the stunned INS agents standing alone in the road
3) 0) text: Kay and Dee lead their captive into a clearing in the des pulls an enormous handgun from a shoulder holster and sta off, covering him. Kay has an arm draped around the man's
3) 5) dialog: You know how many treaty articles you've just violated? Mikey makes a lame SQUEAK.
3) 7) dialog: From unauthorized immigration to failure to properly inoculate prior to landing.
3) 9) text: Okay, that's enough. Hand me your head and put up your arms. From behind Mikey, they hear a terrified GASP. Kay and Dee both look over quickly. One of the alien's ey stalk, whips around too. All three of them see AGENT JANU over the rise, staring in frozen amazement.
5) 18) dialog: I'm sorry. About...back there.
5) 20) dialog: Didn't used to. He holds up his hands, which tremble with age.
5) 21) dialog: The spirit's willing, Kay, but the rest of me... He looks up, at the million stars shining overhead.
5) 22) dialog: They're beautiful, aren't they?
5) 24) dialog: The stars. We never just -- look. Anymore. (back to Kay)
18) 9) text: Get your big butt back in that house! Beatrice does as she's told, closing the door behind her. to the smoldering rock, raising his shotgun in defense. A VOICE comes from deep in the hole.
29) 0) text: As KAY leads EDWARDS down an impossibly long corridor, he folder stuffed thick with eight by ten photographs. He hands Jay the first picture, a shot of eight or nine M suits standing around a fifties-style office with metal d fluorescent lights. DEE and ZED are there, much younger.
61) 0) text: Laurel is hunched over the corpse, the only light in the the overhead spot that illuminates her work. Fascinated by something, she digs deeper. And deeper. And face a mixture of alarm and excitement.