18) 0) text: A lonely farmhouse stands amid the fields of upstate New country. Several lights are on and through a window we ca silhouette of a MAN sitting at the kitchen table, the sil WOMAN hovering over him, bringing things to him. The Man (EDGAR) waves his arms, ranting.
18) 1) dialog: I go out, I work my butt off to make a living, all I want is to come home to a nice clean house with a nice fat steak on the table, but instead I get this -- this -- I don't even know what you call this! In the sky above, it's one of those brilliant star fields strange is happening with one of those stars -- it's gett
18) 2) dialog: I'll tell you what it looks like, it looks like poison. Don't you take that away, I'm eating that, damn it! It is poison, isn't it?! No, that star isn't getting bigger, it's moving. Toward u from a pinpoint to a dime, to a nickel, to a quarter, and into fruit metaphors.
18) 3) dialog: I swear to God, I would not be surprised if it was, the way you skulk around here like a dog been hit too much -- or ain't been hit enough, I can't make up my mind. Okay, we're way past watermelon now, that thing is huge, to glow hot red as it enters the earth's atmosphere, head toward us, coming here, to Beatrice and Edgar's place. The blazing fireball barrels through the sky, SNAPS off a
18) 4) dialog: You're useless, Beatrice! The only thing that pulls its weight around here is my goddamn truck! -- and SLAMS right through a pickup truck parked in the d concussive BLAST follows, then a geyser of smoke and flam
18) 5) dialog: Stay here! The silhouette of Edgar leaps to its feet, races to the d it open. Edgar is everything his voice led us to expect - bug-eyed redneck carrying a twelve-gauge shotgun. His mou walks across the yard and stares at the hulking shell tha The skeleton of the truck is still there, but there's a h hole in it, a hole that goes at least ten feet down into
18) 6) dialog: Figures. He walks to the truck and touches the door handle. Hot. U tail, he opens the door and peers down into the hole. IN THE HOLE, he sees a smooth curve of metal and a few bl Embedded into the ground is, indeed, a spaceship, maybe e BEATRICE calls from behind him, standing in the doorway f
18) 8) dialog: (turns to her)
18) 11) dialog: You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers! There is a pause while the voice thinks about this offer. responds, in a voice and cadence remarkably similar to Ed
19) 0) text: BEATRICE sits at the kitchen table, terrified, still wipi from Edgar's diatribe. The door opens and EDGAR comes bac kitchen, seemingly fleshed out again, leaving the door ha him. He carries the shotgun. She looks up at him, anxious. But his face is a blank.
19) 2) dialog: Sugar. Pause. She looks out the window, at the smoking truck.
19) 4) dialog: Give me sugar. Puzzled, Beatrice gets up, goes to the cabinet, and grabs She holds it out to him.
19) 5) dialog: In water. Frightened, she takes a glass of water from the table. Sh the sugar into it.
19) 6) dialog: More. She puts more, till the glass is brimming. She stirs it q knife and hands it to him, her hand trembling. Edgar takes it and downs it in a single gulp. Beatrice st idea what to think. She notices something odd about the s
19) 8) dialog: That better? Beatrice faints.
20) 0) text: Stillness. Silence. A loud SCRAPING sound comes from the spaceship. The nose of the ship itself rises up out of the pit, wave and finally CRUNCHES to the ground outside the pit. EDGAR climbs out of the pit, breathing heavily. He dusts continues pushing the ship, along the ground, off into th
32) 6) dialog: "Pest" problem? "Pest?"
32) 8) dialog: You know, I have noticed an infestation here. Everywhere I look, in fact. Nothing but undeveloped, unevolved, barely conscious pond scum. So convinced of their own superiority as they scurry about their short, pointless lives.
32) 10) dialog: In the worst way. Edgar lashes out quickly, jerking the mask off the Orkin one hand -- -- and shoving the gas hose down his throat with the othe THE ORKIN MAN'S CAR KEYS drop to the garage floor, and Ed up.
33) 0) text: A six-by-ten sheet of plywood THUDS to the driveway outsi EDGAR raises one end of it so it's hanging off the back e man's van -- now it's a ramp. He walks off and we hear that familiar SCRAPING sound aga GRUNTING with the effort, slowly pushes his spaceship up the back of the Orkin truck.
50) 0) text: A flap of skin, now getting gray and crusty with age, han neck as he sits in the front of his Orkin van. He sucks a possibly can on a straw stuck into a Jolt Cola ("Double t the Caffeine!"), one of a six-pack that sits on the dashb Across the street, Edgar sees a short, older man come out jewelry shops on Thirty-Fifth Street. Edgar drops the sod The Older Man (ROSENBERG), is carrying a cat and an ornat jewelry box. Carefully, he sets the box down and lovingly on top of it while he locks all five locks on the door to shop. That finished, he picks up the cat, then the box, then wa the street, one under each arm. Edgar drops the truck into gear and follows him, slowly, behind him. ON THE STREET, Rosenberg walks happily along, HUMMING to his cat a little peck. As he rounds a corner, we recogniz humming -- "I've Got the Whole World In My Hands." The Orkin van rounds the corner behind him. Following.
57) 4) text: You can kill us both -- but you will not find it. Edgar smiles.
57) 5) dialog: You're right about one thing. Suddenly a long STINGER whips out from under the back of zips under the table. First Rosenberg and then the Arquil forward their chairs, their faces contorting in pain. They both pitch forward, their faces slogging into fresh The stinger SNAPS out from under the table and whips back apron. He moves quickly, searching their pockets, but he he's looking for. The cat, still perched on top of the or at him. Edgar reaches out and BATS the cat away with one vicious hand. The animal HOWLS and flies across the room, landing lunch. The Woman SCREAMS. Now other DINERS' attention is drawn t where two obviously dead men are being robbed by a waiter SHOUTS of outrage, a few MEN rise out of their seats. Edgar grabs the ornate box and tries to open it, but find the furor rising around him, he shoves the box under one the door. Rosenberg's cat leaps back onto the table and SNARLS at h
67) 0) text: Inside the van, the ornate rosewood box is now battered a various locks holding tight against EDGAR's repeated atte way into it. Crammed into the back of the van along with Edgar wedges a screwdriver into the thin opening between rest of the box and SMACKS it with his right fist. Nothin He BELLOWS in rage and hurls the box against the side of finally CRACKS a hinge. Edgar snaps it up, pries the rest with the screwdriver, and wrenches the top off the box. Inside, there are dozens of precious, glittering diamonds promptly tosses aside as worthless. But the rest of the b
67) 1) dialog: No. No, NO, NO, NOOOO! He rips the box apart with his bare hands. There's nothin
70) 0) text: SMASH! The window in the front door of Rosenberg's jewelr in a shower of glass. EDGAR reaches in and fumbles with t them one by one. He gets them all and steps inside. Out t him, we can see his Orkin van, double parked in the stree All the gems and jewels are under glass counters. Edgar s the glass, grabbing great handfuls of jewels and tossing Outside, a New York City tow truck pulls up to the front and starts to hitch up. Edgar, in his rage, starts to smash anything breakable, e pictures on the walls. He stops at one particular picture intently at it. It's a glamor shot of Rosenberg's cat, pr on a satin pillow. There are a half dozen more pictures o posed with Rosenberg, some by itself. This animal was imp Rosenberg. From outside, the ROAR of an engine distracts Edgar. He t time to see the Orkin van lurch as the tow lifts its fron ground.
71) 0) text: EDGAR rushes outside as the tow truck DRIVER gets the van
71) 1) dialog: That's my truck!
73) 0) text: Edgar doesn't bother sticking around to continue his figh behind the wheel of the tow truck, starts it up, and hits engine ROARS. Jay sprints after him, FIRING his noisy cricket. He is th some pedestrians, while his SHOT... Hits the rigging between the Orkin Van and the town truck two. Jay pulls himself up and sprints after the tow truck accelerates too quickly. Edgar is just about to turn the corner when Jay leaps ont try and get some height. As Jay prepares to shoot, EDGAR THE CORNER, and a HUGH TRUCK backs into his line of fire. JAY FIRES, the TRUCK EXPLODES and Jay flies BACKWARDS, hu the air and CRASHING through the window of a car, his rea the woman driver's face. When Jay looks up, Kay is standing before him. He yanks J car.
76) 0) text: The tow truck SQUEALS to a halt at a curb.  EDGAR gets ou fast, CURSING under his breath. He rants, livid, thinking passes a newsstand, he grabs the NEWS VENDOR by the colla
76) 1) dialog: Where do you keep your dead?
76) 4) dialog: Where?!
82) 0) text: On a counter in the morgue corridor, a gray, peeling hand on a countertop, over and over. The hand belongs to EDGAR his shotgun, concealing it behind one leg. The morgue att emerges from a small security cage carrying a worn paperb Shrugged and a fly swatter.
82) 4) dialog: A man came in here earlier. A dead man.
82) 6) dialog: He was a very dear friend of mine. And I believe he had an animal with him. A gift I gave him, a pet cat that means worlds to me. I would like it back.
82) 9) dialog: Don't -- do that. WHACK! Still another fly goes down.
84) 1) dialog: Where is the animal?!
84) 3) dialog: Get it! He grabs her roughly and drags her across the morgue, tow she pointed to. As they draw close, ORION the cat bolts f it, races between their legs, and leapfrogs over several landing on top of a very tall one with only six inches cl it and the ceiling. A very tough hiding place. Edgar just starts to turn when they hear the BELL and a V corridor outside.
92) 0) text: Kay races into the morgue just as the examination table E air, revealing EDGAR, who was hiding beneath it. Now everything happens at once. Jay leaps back and draws Cricket, Kay pulls out his series four deatomizer, and Ed shotgun under Laurel's chin, using her body to shield his
92) 9) dialog: Everybody shut UP!
92) 11) dialog: Listen, Monkey Boy, I may have to take that kind of talk in my end of the universe, but compared to you humans, I'm the top rung on the evolutionary ladder, so can it, all right?!
92) 13) dialog: That's better. Now put down your weapons. We're leaving. Kay freezes, teeth clenched, gun still in front of him. S
92) 14) dialog: Have you ever pulled the wings off a fly? Edgar cranks one of Laurel's arms behind her back, hard, in pain.
92) 15) dialog: Would you care to see the fly get even?
92) 17) dialog: Put the weapons down!
92) 22) dialog: Don't bet on it, meat sack. And with that he turns, leaps -- -- and CRASHES right through the window, into the air sha
93) 0) text: EDGAR, still clutching LAUREL, EXPLODES up over a railing Nobody looks twice as Edgar, dragging Laurel (with his ar mouth), races toward the nearby busy Manhattan Street.
95) 0) text: EDGAR, with LAUREL, RUNS right in front of a CAB, which s halt inches from them. The CABBIE sticks his head out and in an unknown language. And KEEPS yelling as -- Edgar reaches through the passenger side and pulls the Ca (cigarette and wooden seat-beads and all). The Cab Driver is still yelling as Edgar leaps in, pushin before him, leaving her behind the wheel. He removes a POSTCARD -- the one he took from the display newsstand.
95) 1) dialog: Take me here.
98) 0) text: -- the real-live twin towers on the actual fairgrounds in Meadows. A taxi SCREECHES to a halt at the edge of a fenc away. EDGAR shoves LAUREL out through the driver's door a her, still holding his weapon on her.
98) 1) dialog: You're coming with me.
98) 3) dialog: It's a long trip. I'll need a snack. And he shoves her ahead of him, off in the direction of t Behind him, abandoned on the front seat of the cab, we fi front of the postcard he's been carrying around. "FLUSHIN OF THE 1964 WORLD'S FAIR," it says, with a distinctive ph spaceships. So that's how he knew.
112) 0) text: EDGAR climbs the outside of the landing tower of one of t pushing LAUREL up ahead of him, headed for the saucer at
112) 2) dialog: Good. War means food for my family, all seventy-eight million of them. That's a lot of mouths to feed, your highness.
119) 0) text: The saucer CRASHES through the Unisphere, an enormous ste THUDS to the earth, CRASHING through brush, dirt and rock Jay and Kay come to their feet... In front of them, the dust clears... Trees uprooted, ston thrown everywhere...a dumpster has been cast to their lef And the saucer is there, embedded in the earth, tipped of mound of debris... A hatch comes up...revealing Edgar, walking slowly toward contained fury.
119) 1) dialog: You don't get it. I've won. It's over.
119) 3) dialog: You milk-suckers! You don't matter! In a few seconds you won't even be matter!
119) 5) dialog: Put my hands on my head? Edgar stares at him. Then flexes his arms, still encased giant pincers RIP free of the rotting skin. He extends both pincers to the sides, and, my God, his re twelve feet across. Now the skin and clothes on Edgar's legs begins to CRACK BURST APART, revealing two hideous, doubled-over insect l raises himself aloft on his legs. He sucks in a deep breath of air, and now the rest of the the way of the arms and legs. The torso EXPLODES in great cloth and skin, and finally Edgar's head simply BURSTS apart, SPATTERING against the reveals himself as he really is: a hairy, bug-like exoske tail with a long stinger, a head like a cobra with ellipt small nose, and two horse-like feet with three toes each. He raises his pincers in the air, resting them on his hea hangs on a chain around his neck.