29) 0) text: As KAY leads EDWARDS down an impossibly long corridor, he folder stuffed thick with eight by ten photographs. He hands Jay the first picture, a shot of eight or nine M suits standing around a fifties-style office with metal d fluorescent lights. DEE and ZED are there, much younger.
42) 0) text: Looking slick and handsome in his extremely sharp suit, J III -- or, rather, JAY -- steps into the doorway from the reaches into his pocket, takes out the sunglasses, and lo
42) 1) dialog: The difference between you and me? He slips on the sunglasses.
42) 2) dialog: I make this look good.
44) 0) text: Zed's office is a circular, windowed room elevated above MIB headquarters. JAY and KAY sit across the desk from Ze video monitors on a wall behind Zed's desk, and on each m Man in Black, in different parts of the world, the city n ticking in a corner of the image. While Zed talks, he goes through paperwork on his desk.
45) 0) text: JAY and KAY come out the front of MIB headquarters.
45) 1) dialog: Yo, wussup with Zed? (imitating him)
45) 4) dialog: We got the use of unlimited technology from the entire universe and we cruise around in this? Kay glares at Jay. He's getting annoyed.
46) 2) dialog: You know, ya'll gotta learn how to talk to people. You could be a little kinder and gentler. Kay grits his teeth.
46) 4) dialog: Now did that hurt? Kay shifts the car into reverse. The awesome power of the Jay sails forward, THWACKING into the dash. Kay shifts in taps the gas, SLAMMING Jay back into his seat.
46) 7) dialog: Yeah?
47) 8) dialog: Me?
47) 12) dialog: Oh God! I see it I see it I see it! A few yards from the car, Kay turns Redgick to face him.
47) 15) dialog: Oh sweet Jesus Mother of God did you see that?!
47) 21) dialog: Guys -- guys --
47) 24) dialog: (choking to death)
47) 28) dialog: (Screaming)
47) 29) text: Can you guys do this later?! But in that moment, Jay finally gets a foot up on the doo leverage, and RIPS the baby free. He falls, flat on his b the multi-tentacled lizardlike baby resting squarely on h
47) 30) dialog: Oh -- oh -- oh -- man. Kay turns and claps Redgick on the back.
47) 32) dialog: (misty)
48) 0) text: Back in the car, JAY wipes the last of the puke off his s starts up the car.
48) 2) dialog: Pick.
49) 0) text: CLOSE ON on various supermarket tabloids as a hand flips There are headlines like "POPE A FATHER!"and "TOP DOCTORS BORN PREGNANT!" and "MAN EATS OWN HOUSE!" (the subhead on That's Just the Appetizer, Says Neighbor.") KAY and JAY are at a downtown newsstand. Kay is furiously through the tabs; Jay is standing behind him, a little em
49) 1) dialog: These are the hot sheets? Kay pulls a copy of the Weekly World News from the stand a buck.
49) 3) dialog: You're actually looking for tips in a supermarket tabloid?
51) 0) text: The LTD pulls to a stop at the end of the driveway that l Beatrice's farmhouse, where the alien ship landed. The wr truck is still there. JAY and KAY get out, very undercove up the driveway.
51) 2) dialog: Why?
52) 2) dialog: Damn. If he was this ugly before he was an alien...
52) 9) dialog: Did you taste her lemonade? Kay nods, puts on his sunglasses. Takes out another pair, Jay. Kay draws his neuralyzer. FLASH! Beatrice freezes, starin as if hypnotized. Kay takes Jay's glasses off and hands t
52) 12) dialog: Whoa! That thing erases her memory, and you give her a new one?
52) 14) dialog: And that's the best you can come up with?
52) 16) dialog: (butting in)
53) 1) dialog: (from up outside the hole)
53) 4) text: Please -- not green. Purple. And then green. Kay closes his eyes and sits back, leaning against the di JAY leans over, staring down. Kay looks up at him.
53) 6) dialog: Wait -- don't tell me -- that was the question on Final Jeopardy last night. AT THE CAR, Kay snatches up the radio handset and keys th
53) 8) text: Zed, we have a bug. He turns off the radio and sighs. Jay stands next to him.
53) 9) dialog: I'm gonna jump way past you and just guess that this is bad. Right?
53) 11) dialog: So basically you have a racial problem with all insect-based life forms?
53) 13) dialog: What do we do?
63) 0) text: Two men in black suits hurry down the stairs and into the the morgue. They hasten down the hallway, their shoes CLI lockstep, headed for those swinging doors at the other en JAY and KAY. Men in Black on a mission.
64) 0) text: In the morgue, LAUREL has fallen asleep on her desk, her ROSENBERG'S CAT sits on the desk next to her, licking its the cat looks up, MEOWING urgently. Laurel looks up and, following the cat's gaze, turns arou chair. JAY and KAY stand in the doorway, staring at her. forward, holding out that black card again. It reforms in of official ID, this time it says "DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC H
64) 14) dialog: I think, uh, we should start at the same place you did.
64) 16) dialog: Your cat?
64) 20) dialog: Thank-you, but is this really the time to uh -- you know, come on to me?
64) 23) dialog: Oh, yes. Exactly.
64) 25) dialog: Nope. All fine.
64) 27) dialog: (quickly)
64) 30) dialog: You know, I was just going to ask you the same thing. Laurel looks at him sideways, skeptical, but also intrigu to him. Confiding in him.
64) 33) text: This body is not really a body, but it's actually some sort of transport unit for something else altogether. The question is: what? Jay just looks at her intrigued.
64) 35) dialog: No, no...not at all. After a particularly gross GUSHY sound, he looks away, to staring at him. Laurel leans over and lowers her voice, just for him.
64) 37) dialog: (freaked out)
64) 39) dialog: Excuse me. He walks across the morgue to Kay, who is still examining But Jay never takes his eyes off Laurel.
64) 41) dialog: (of Laurel)
64) 44) dialog: Great body.
64) 46) dialog: Not a clue.
64) 56) dialog: What is that? He reaches out, touches the ear, then he actually turns i
64) 61) dialog: It's all right -- What are you trying to say? Struggle?
64) 66) dialog: Bed? Belt? Orion's Belt? The Baltian nods again, falls, and dies. Jay and Laurel l dead alien, then at each other.
64) 67) dialog: "To prevent war, the galaxy is on Orion's Belt?"  The hell does that mean? (turns around)
64) 70) dialog: He's dead. Kay looks at the mess -- the body, the little dead man.
64) 72) dialog: You knew him?
64) 75) dialog: He said "to prevent war, the galaxy is on Orion's Belt."
64) 78) dialog: That's what he said. (to the dazed Laurel)
64) 84) dialog: Stop that --
64) 87) dialog: -- that thing probably gives you brain cancer!
64) 89) dialog: "Never hurt her before"?! How many times have you done the flashy thing to this poor woman?!
64) 92) dialog: Aren't you worried about, you know, long term damage?
64) 95) dialog: What the hell happened to make you such a callous son of a bitch?
64) 97) dialog: Hey, you never flashed me with that thing, did you?
65) 0) text: Jay and Kay exit the morgue and walk towards their car.
65) 1) dialog: Hey, Kay, I really think I should be in charge of the flashy memory thing department.
65) 3) dialog: Yeah, well you're a menace with that thing... An MIB containment vehicle pulls up, and four men dressed get out.
68) 0) text: As lower Manhattan is waking up, Jay and Kay enter the bu
69) 0) text: Despite the early hour, the headquarters is going full-bl screen displays the familiar grouping of stars that is th ORION. Jay and Kay hurry in -- Kay peels off to one of the monit for Zed.
69) 1) dialog: Doesn't anybody believe in sleep around here?
69) 5) dialog: That's what the little guy was talking about, "To prevent war, the galaxy's on Orion's belt..."
69) 8) dialog: You're attracted to me, aren't you? Jay starts to cross over to ANOTHER MONITOR, where Kay is tie loosened, slightly disheveled. On the screen, the wor blinks, encouraging patience. The image changes to a sate North America, which quickly zooms in on the Southwest. On screen, the satellite view zooms down to Arizona, then neighborhood, then a block, then a back yard. The printou
69) 10) text: Whoever Elizabeth Ann Reston is, she's lovely. She's sett table in her back yard at the moment, unaware that she's an eye in the sky -- just as Kay is unaware that Jay is s him. Jay notices the monitor with the Middle-aged Woman on it. Kay's expression, then back at the monitor.
69) 11) dialog: Pretty lady... Kay clicks off the picture of her. Jay drags a chair and
69) 12) dialog: You were the guy with the flowers in the photo, (the night the aliens arrived.) (What, you were on your way to a dance or something and you got lost? And she never got those flowers, did she?] Kay doesn't answer, just stares at the screen. Elizabeth she knows she's being watched, but she's just looking at wondering how many stars'll be out tonight.
69) 13) dialog: Grumpy Guy's story comes into focus. She ever get married?
69) 16) dialog: Well, it's better to have loved and lost than never to have --
69) 22) dialog: What do they know that we don't know? Kay looks to his partner, then to the screen. Another lig
69) 28) dialog: And we've got a dead Arquillian prince. A COMMUNICATION STARTS COMING OVER THE SPEAKERS -- a soun mouse caught in a blender.
69) 31) dialog: They sound pissed.
69) 34) text: Meanwhile get down to Rosenberg's store and see what you can turn up. Kay and Jay walk away.
69) 36) dialog: I like that.
69) 39) dialog: You get a series four de-atomizer and I get a "Noisy Cricket?!" (looks at the gun)
69) 40) text: I'm afraid I'm going to break it. Jay follows Kay out, glancing back to see the huge gun tu Arquillian Battle Cruiser HUM and WHIR as they swing arou pointed down at the unwitting planet below.
72) 1) dialog: Who robs a jewelry store and leaves the jewels?
72) 3) dialog: This guy had a serious crush on his cat. Jay's attention is broken by something through the window lumbering straight for the store, is EDGAR. Jay thinks for a moment -- where does he know that face? Suddenly, Edgar raises his arms, pointing both the farmer driver's shotgun. Before Edgar can shoot, Jay YELLS...
72) 4) dialog: Kay! GET DOWN! And then Jay FIRES, shattering the storefront window, and on the street. The blast hurls him up and back a good ten him into the wall with tremendous force. Edgar turns and the street as Jay picks himself up.
72) 5) dialog: The bug in the Edgar suit! The ugly redneck from the picture! That's him! Jay leaps through the broken storefront window and after
72) 7) text: Damn it. Kay runs out after Jay.
73) 0) text: Edgar doesn't bother sticking around to continue his figh behind the wheel of the tow truck, starts it up, and hits engine ROARS. Jay sprints after him, FIRING his noisy cricket. He is th some pedestrians, while his SHOT... Hits the rigging between the Orkin Van and the town truck two. Jay pulls himself up and sprints after the tow truck accelerates too quickly. Edgar is just about to turn the corner when Jay leaps ont try and get some height. As Jay prepares to shoot, EDGAR THE CORNER, and a HUGH TRUCK backs into his line of fire. JAY FIRES, the TRUCK EXPLODES and Jay flies BACKWARDS, hu the air and CRASHING through the window of a car, his rea the woman driver's face. When Jay looks up, Kay is standing before him. He yanks J car.
73) 2) dialog: Can we drop the cover-up bullshit?! There's an Alien Battle Cruiser that's gonna blow-up the world if we don't...
75) 0) text: As Kay puts away his phone, turns to Jay
77) 0) text: Kay's LTD SCREECHES to a halt in front of the kiosk on Or and KAY leap out and Jay spots the VENDOR, closing up the wearing a dirty cardigan, watch cap, and fingerless glove aquiver with ticks and mannerisms. He has a small dog in Jay rolls his eyes as they step up to the counter.
77) 1) dialog: Of course that guy's an alien. That's gotta be the worst disguise I've ever seen. A voice answers him, but not the Vendor's.
77) 7) dialog: The, uh...dog owes my friend some money.
77) 15) dialog: Ask him about the belt.
77) 19) dialog: (to a person passing by)
77) 23) dialog: The galaxy is hundreds of millions of stars and planets? How's it here? If a dog can smirk, Frank does.
77) 28) text: Get out of here. (then to Jay)
77) 29) text: The galaxy's here. It's not on Orion's belt. Jay suddenly notices Frank the Pug bark at a cat farther sidewalk.
77) 30) dialog: Kay...
81) 0) text: Jay and Kay barrel through town.
81) 1) dialog: So two galaxies have been fighting for years. And the only people who've been benefiting are a race of creatures called bugs. Then the two galaxies decide to make peace...and the bugs send this guy down to make sure the fighting never stops.
81) 3) dialog: And if we don't get it back before he leaves the planet...we're history.
83) 0) text: Kay's LTD pulls to a stop in front of the morgue and JAY
83) 1) dialog: I'll handle this one, you wait outside.
83) 3) dialog: Because all we have to do is walk in and get a cat, it's not that hard. But if you go in, you're gonna lay your Jack Webb on her and flash your brain ray in her face and she's gonna end up with leukemia or some shit. The woman's a doctor, she doesn't need you erasing half her med school classes. Take me five minutes. And he continues into the morgue, leaving Kay waiting out
84) 4) dialog: Hello? Anybody here? Edgar looks up at the cat's hiding place. No time to get DINGS again.
84) 5) dialog: Hello? Roughly, Edgar pulls Laurel close and puts a finger to hi "Shhhhhhh."
85) 0) text: In the corridor, JAY looks around. No Tony, no answer to DINGS once more, then heads into the back.
86) 0) text: JAY comes into the morgue. LAUREL is in there, standing r an examination table, but there is no corpse on the table draped over it. She just stands there, in the middle of t at Jay.
86) 1) dialog: Uh, hi.
86) 4) dialog: (flashes a badge)
86) 7) dialog: Right, well, the cat is, uh -- the cat's a witness in a murder case and I'm going to need to take it with me.
86) 9) dialog: You don't?
86) 11) text: Maybe you could take me with you instead. Jay looks at her.
86) 12) dialog: Excuse me?
86) 14) dialog: Damn, you do start fast, don't you?
86) 16) dialog: And, uh, why exactly is that? Laurel rolls her eyes. She seems irritated with him, but with what she's saying.
88) 0) text: Jay is thoroughly enjoying himself, but Laurel seems to b
88) 2) dialog: Now slow down, you don't have to hit the gas like that. She leans in and lowers her voice.
88) 4) dialog: And I will. But we gotta get something straight here -- I'm gonna drive. It's not some kind of macho trip, it's just the way I'm used to doing things, okay?
92) 0) text: Kay races into the morgue just as the examination table E air, revealing EDGAR, who was hiding beneath it. Now everything happens at once. Jay leaps back and draws Cricket, Kay pulls out his series four deatomizer, and Ed shotgun under Laurel's chin, using her body to shield his
92) 2) dialog: Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
92) 5) dialog: How was I supposed to know!?!
92) 7) dialog: Maybe if you didn't come on like a drunken prom date!
92) 19) dialog: It's okay, Laurel!
92) 21) dialog: I mean it's going to be okay!
94) 0) text: Jay and Kay duck into the air shaft and look up -- too fa the walls are smooth anyway.
95) 3) dialog: They're in a cab. And Jay starts running down the street, where DOZENS of c at the intersection.  He's running from cab to cab, pound scaring the living shit out of people --
95) 4) dialog: Hey! Laurel!? Hey! -- but Laurel and Edgar are nowhere to be found. Up ahead green and the tide of taxis wash away, leaving Jay on the as a car screeches up behind him, its headlights shining it gets closer, Jay sees it's Kay in the LTD.
96) 0) text: Jay and Kay rush in from the door under the World's Fair toward the main display screen; all around them, the MIB frenetic activity in response to the threat from above.
97) 1) dialog: 
97) 4) dialog: A galactic standard week? How the hell long is that?
97) 6) dialog: One hour? Viewing the screen, it now reads:
97) 10) dialog: You're talking about US!
97) 18) dialog: Uh, gentlemen.
97) 23) dialog: Fellas.
97) 26) dialog: Hey. Old guys. Kay and Zed both look up at once, scowling.
97) 27) dialog: Do those still work? They follow his gaze, up, over the computer terminals. Th in front of them, where it has loomed for the entire movi enormous mural of the 1964 World's Fair grounds. Most pro mural are two tall towers that rise dramatically from the by -- -- the two flying saucers from the very first alien conta there, wide-eyed, staring at it, we --
102) 0) text: KAY and JAY leap into Kay's LTD and SLAM the doors. Kay j the ignition, the car ROARS to life, and he turns to Jay.
104) 0) text: Kay turns sharply to the right, SMACKING Jay around. Look sees the entrance to the midtown tunnel.
104) 1) dialog: You're taking the tunnel?!
104) 3) dialog: It's usually jammed?!
106) 0) text: Kay approaches the line of cars at top speed, with no int down. Jay, terrified, holds on for dear life.
106) 1) dialog: I told you!
106) 3) dialog: Yeah?!
108) 0) text: Jay falls from his seat with a CLUNK, onto the upside dow car. Balled up on the back of his neck, he peers out the tear through the tunnel, ZOOMING over the bottlenecked tr As they race through the tunnel, they have a minute to ki
108) 2) dialog: What?!?
108) 4) dialog: I don't care!!
113) 0) text: Over at the fence, the LTD comes to a looooong, skidding fairgrounds. AT THE TRUNK, JAY and KAY flip open the trunk and scarf u weapons look most dangerous. Kay grabs a black box, UNSNA latches, and opens it, revealing -- -- the most wicked-looking shotgun on the planet. Three feet long, triple-barreled, over and under and unde action reloader on top of a storage clip for a dozen more shells themselves are solid, glistening like polished ste the clip.
113) 1) dialog: You know how to work that? Kay pumps it once, with extreme confidence.
113) 4) dialog: Oh, shit.
116) 2) dialog: What?
119) 0) text: The saucer CRASHES through the Unisphere, an enormous ste THUDS to the earth, CRASHING through brush, dirt and rock Jay and Kay come to their feet... In front of them, the dust clears... Trees uprooted, ston thrown everywhere...a dumpster has been cast to their lef And the saucer is there, embedded in the earth, tipped of mound of debris... A hatch comes up...revealing Edgar, walking slowly toward contained fury.
121) 0) text: Jay and Kay hit the ground with loud grunts.
121) 1) dialog: That did not go at all like I had planned. They look up to see the Bug moving for the second tower - flying saucer. Kay gets to his feet.
121) 4) dialog: Where are you going?
121) 6) dialog: What!? Kay steps forward and yells at the departing Bug.
125) 0) text: Jay watches as the Bug continues its HOWL OF TRIUMPH...He defeated. But... He can hardly believe his eyes as he looks down at the Bu CLOSE ON BUG'S STOMACH. Through the leathery pouch of the we can just make out the distended outline of the two ato a few inches from it, a HUMAN HAND is reaching toward the
127) 0) text: Jay knows what he has to do. He picks up a good-sized chu dislodged by the crashing saucer and hurls it at the Bug.
127) 1) dialog: Hey! Come over here and try that! The concrete THUNKS off the Bug's shell -- he doesn't see keeps moving. Jay picks up a twisted metal pole and runs at the Bug.
127) 2) dialog: Stop right there, or I'll start wailing on your waxy, pointed ass! Jay starts pounding on the Bug with the metal pole.
129) 0) text: The Bug grabs the metal pole and yanks it out of Jay's ha Jay -- Jay dodges the blow and falls to the grass. The Bug slices down with razor-sharp claws at Jay -- -- Jay rolls out of the way, just as the mean-looking cla grass. Jay rolls right underneath the Bug's legs. His hand falls the grass -- another piece of debris, a sharp metal spike dagger. He grabs the metal spike and looks up at the Bug' vulnerable underbelly, right above him. He grabs the spike with both hands and is about to thrust into the Bug's gut, when; The Bug bends its head down between its legs. BUG'S POV of Jay there, upside-down from this perspective the Bug's legs.
130) 0) text: The Bug opens its jaws and SNAPS at Jay -- who propels hi out of harm's way. The Bug starts climbing the tower. Jay howls in frustrati
130) 1) dialog: What are you, afraid of me? Come on! Stand and fight like an arthropod! In frustration, Jay screams and throws himself on the Bug its back, trying to drag it down.
130) 2) dialog: You want a piece of this, huh?! Maybe you're a badass in your hive, but this is New York City. You're just another tourist here! The Bug flicks him off with his tail -- sending him SAILI through the air. Jay CRASHES into the dumpster, landing on a heap in front But, scratched and beat-up, Jay still doesn't quit -- he the Bug, extending his arm at the creature.
130) 3) dialog: You're messing with the wrong species, Bug -- He notices something on his arm...a cockroach running dow flicks it off... Looks down at the ground...sees another roach...looks ove behind him...there are more of them...a whole mob, in fac sixty of the critters, climbing out of a rusted hole in t Jay has one last desperate idea...He kicks at the dumpste side is rusted paper thin and it kicks apart and crumbles TENS OF THOUSANDS OF ROACHES pouring forth from the dumps like a black glittering river, away from the garbage... Jay leaps to his feet and moves to the glistening mob of
130) 4) dialog: Hey, Bug! CLOSE ON JAY'S FOOT as he steps on the roach.  CRUNCH. ON THE BUG as he flinches on the ladder -- he hates that ON JAY. He smiles.
130) 5) dialog: If I'm not mistaken, that was a cousin of yours. He knows he's getting to him. He steps toward the Bug -- over another roach. CRUNCH! He crushes another one.
130) 6) dialog: Whoa! That had to hurt. And, what d'you know, here's your old Uncle Bob! He steps forward again -- CRUNCH! ON THE BUG. He turns around, anger burning in his eyes.
132) 0) text: Jay keeps moving toward the Bug, finding new roaches to t his foot over another one.
132) 1) dialog: What's that? Can you hear what he's saying? 'Help me! Help me!' CRUNCH. [ON] THE BUG as he starts climbing down the tower toward Jay. ON JAY. They are moving toward each other in a show down poising his foot over another roach.
132) 2) dialog: Ooh! There's a pretty one. That one looks kinda familiar, don't you think? I know who that is! The Bug is right over Jay now, jaws dripping ready to gob
132) 4) dialog: That's your Momma! He moves to CRUNCH the roach -- The Bug moves to chomp Ja up at him, unflinching...
132) 5) dialog: Didn't she ever teach you not to bite off more than you can chew? and at that very moment... Kay BLASTS a hole right in the middle of the Bug's midsec of the Bug's thorax EXPLODES in a shower of bug juice all The Bug flies into two pieces -- the butt end sailing one flying behind Jay. Kay falls out of the Bug, in a mess of goo, gasping for b the atomizer from his slippery fingers. The other gun sails off into the darkness. The ICON drops to the ground, rolls over to Jay's feet, a rest like a silver dollar on a barroom floor. He calmly bends down and picks it up. Jay is pissed and s
132) 6) dialog: You son of a -- Kay holds up a finger in a 'wait a minute' gesture -- pul phone and hits a number.
133) 2) text: Got an authorized landing at Times Square. You and Jay check it out on the way back... And pick me up one of those soft pretzels, while you're at it. Extra salt. I feel like celebrating.
134) 2) dialog: Getting eaten!? That was your plan!?
134) 4) text: Worked. As they argue, behind them, unseen, THE FRONT HALF OF THE ITSELF UP on its forearms, eyes gleaming with hate, jaws to lower itself onto Kay and Jay.
134) 5) dialog: After I got the shit beat out of me!
134) 7) dialog: You coulda told me what you were doing.
136) 0) text: Kay's LTD is parked outside Men in Black headquarters. LA back against the car.  We see JAY and KAY walking away in
136) 1) dialog: Look, I know we got rules, but she did just bust the Bug for us.  And so maybe you don't have to flashy thing her. Kay pulls out the neuralyzer.
136) 2) dialog: Who's she gonna tell, anyway? She only hangs out with dead people.
136) 5) dialog: Kay, you're scaring your partner.
136) 7) dialog: Oh no, I can't do this job by myself.
136) 14) dialog: No, you won't.
137) 3) text: A large photograph shows a smiling KAY, arm-in-arm with E his long-lost fiancee, in her back yard in Tempe, Arizona She holds a large bouquet of flowers, the same kind he br gave her thirty years ago. JAY, who's reading the paper, smiles. AT THE CURB, Jay hurries back to the LTD with the newspap (formerly Laurel), is waiting, leaning against the hood. suit. Black shoes. Short-cropped hair. The look never loo
137) 5) dialog: I'll talk to Dennis Rodman, it's his damn planet.