2) 9) dialog: We'll take it from here.
2) 11) dialog: INS Division 6.
2) 13) dialog: Really? Kay and Dee move past him and approach the row of nervous
2) 14) dialog: What're we thinking, Dee?
2) 16) dialog: !Oye! Que pasa, coma estas? Hey! (What's up, how are you?)
2) 20) text: One by one, their faces relax, reassured by Kay's calm de reaches the fifth Guy, he keeps the same cheery tone, but
2) 21) dialog: Que dices si te rompo la cara? (What do you say if I break your face?)
2) 22) text: The Guy smiles and nods. Kay stops. His own smile broaden hand on the Guy's shoulder.
2) 23) dialog: No hablas ni una palabra del Espanol, verdad, amigo? (You don't speak a word of Spanish, right, friend?)
2) 24) text: Again, the Guy smiles and nods. Kay looks back at Dee.
2) 25) dialog: We got a winner. (to the others)
2) 28) dialog: Tomen el camion, y vayeuse. (Get on the road and go.)
2) 30) dialog: Don't "Sir" me! You have no idea who you're dealing with! Silence on the road. The Driver grins, jumps back in the van. The others pile into the rear and they tear out of t
2) 31) dialog: (to Janus)
2) 32) text: We're gonna have a little chat with our friend here. You boys can hit the road ... and keep on protecting us from dangerous aliens. Kay and Dee escort their captive across the road and over leaving the stunned INS agents standing alone in the road
3) 0) text: Kay and Dee lead their captive into a clearing in the des pulls an enormous handgun from a shoulder holster and sta off, covering him. Kay has an arm draped around the man's
3) 1) dialog: I think you jumped off the bus in the wrong part of town, amigo. In fact, I'll bet dollars to pesos that you're not -- He pulls out a small laser device, which he ZIPS neatly d the man's clothes.
3) 2) dialog: -- from anywhere near here. The man's clothes fall to the ground, revealing what he r underneath -- A SCALY SPACE BASTARD, about four-and-a-hal a snouth, snail-like tentacles, and independently moving the top of his head. The only part of his camouflage not crumpled to the groun humanesque "head," which he still lamely holds in one of propped up by a stick, like a puppet, and it continues to as he holds it.
3) 3) dialog: Mikey?! When did they let you out of jail? MIKEY replies -- an unfathomable combination of GRUNTS, S saliva.
3) 4) dialog: Political refugee. Right.
3) 6) dialog: One, my ass. Try seven.
3) 8) dialog: (off Mikey's objections)
3) 9) text: Okay, that's enough. Hand me your head and put up your arms. From behind Mikey, they hear a terrified GASP. Kay and Dee both look over quickly. One of the alien's ey stalk, whips around too. All three of them see AGENT JANU over the rise, staring in frozen amazement.
3) 10) dialog: Ah, shit. Agent Janus SCREAMS. Mikey rips free of the rest of the " disguise, knocks Dee out of the way, and takes off straig SCREECHING a horrible Space Bastard screech. Janus freeze
3) 11) dialog: Dee! Shoot him! Dee struggles to roll over and change the controls on his out of his hand as he hit the ground.
3) 12) dialog: Dee, for Christ's -- Mikey keeps moving, covering the last few yards to Janus on a rock, launches himself into the air, his dripping ja open -- -- there is a SIZZLING sound, a brilliant white flash -- -- and Mikey ERUPTS in a geyser of blue goo that splatter ground, the trees, and Agent Janus' face. Behind where Mi stands, smoking weapon in hand.
5) 0) text: Kay has an arm around Janus, whom he is leading further i Janus is white, shaking, eyes like silver dollars.
5) 2) dialog: (helping)
5) 5) dialog: Human, I know. Oops. Got some entrails on you. He takes out a handkerchief and wipes off the Agent's fac Janus looks back to where Mikey blew up. Then at Kay. And stars. The other INS Agents burst over the rise, SHOUTING questi
5) 6) dialog: Okay, everybody, situation's under control, calm down. If you'll just give me your attention for a moment I'll tell you what happened. From over the rise, car engines WHINE in the distance and to flash around them. Kay reaches into his pocket and pul metallic device the size of a pocket recorder. He checks figures in his head, then dials an electronic counter on device up to "08."
5) 7) dialog: This is called a "neuralyzer." A gift from some friends from out of town. The red eye here isolates and measures the electronic impulses in your brain. More specifically, the ones for memory. Behind him, six more MEN IN BLACK, all wearing black suit come over the hill. Kay barks a few orders to them.
5) 8) dialog: Gimme a splay burn on the perimeter, please; holes at 40, 60, and 80.
5) 10) dialog: Exactly the right question. And the answer lies right -- here. Pay attention.
5) 12) dialog: Really? I'm just a figment of your imagination. He holds up the neuralyzer. The Agents peer closely at it into his pocket, puts on his own black sunglasses -- -- and pushes a button on the side of the neuralyzer.  A tenth of a second long sears the Agents' eyeballs. They s
5) 13) dialog: God, we're a gullible breed. Behind him, TONGUES OF FIRE blast from a flame thrower he Men in Black. Kay looks back at the INS Agents, who are j around, as if awakening from a concussion.
5) 14) dialog: I mean it, fellas, you are lucky to be alive after a blast like that. The Agents look around, confused.
5) 16) dialog: Underground gas vein, genius. You guys need to exercise more caution before discharging your firearms. He jabs a finger into Janus' chest.
5) 17) dialog: Especially you. Dee has moved away from them all and is sitting on a rock the night sky, his sunglasses dangling idly from one hand from the group and finds him. He sits down next to him.
5) 19) dialog: Happens.
5) 23) dialog: What?
5) 25) text: I'll tell ya, Kay. I will miss the chase. Kay pulls his neuralyzer from his pocket and looks down a
5) 26) dialog: No. You won't.
12) 9) dialog: Some night, huh?
12) 11) dialog: They were gills. Edwards stops.
12) 12) dialog: Not eyelids.
12) 14) dialog: Did he say anything to you?
12) 17) dialog: Did he say when?
12) 19) dialog: Would you recognize his weapon if you saw it again?
12) 21) dialog: Let's take a ride.
12) 23) dialog: It's all done. At that point, the INSPECTOR sticks his head in, smiles a the thumbs up.
12) 25) dialog: You ran that guy down on foot? That's tough. That's double tough.
13) 0) text: In a plain, boxy Ford, Kay drives, silent. He raises his a black MIB truck coming in the opposite direction.Edward passenger seat, is still in his undercover outfit.
13) 6) dialog: Nothing is what it seems, kid.
13) 8) dialog: I'm part of a secret organization that monitors and polices alien activity on earth. Kay opens the door and gets out of the car. Edwards follo
14) 3) dialog: Really?
14) 5) dialog: Do your "thing," kid.  Edwards goes inside.
15) 7) dialog: Why don't you show him the imports, Jeebs. At the sound of Kay's voice, Jeebs suddenly pales, a look over his face.
15) 9) dialog: The imports, Jeebs. Now.
15) 11) dialog: Why do you lie to me? I hate it when you lie. He pulls his own gun and aims it at Jeebs' forehead.
15) 13) dialog: I'm going to count to three. Edwards, seeing that Kay is getting somewhere, joins in t
15) 15) dialog: One.
15) 17) dialog: Two.
15) 21) dialog: Three. KA-BOOM! Kay blows Jeebs' head off and Jeebs' body collap Edwards is shocked. Edwards pulls his own weapon and points it at Kay's head.
15) 23) dialog: I warned him.
15) 25) dialog: You warned him.
15) 27) dialog: Will you relax?
15) 29) text: Don't do that. Edwards whirls around to see Jeebs' BODY, growing another four or five seconds. Kay calmly shoves his gun up agains baby-soft new cheek.
15) 31) dialog: Show us what you got, Jeebs. Or I'll use up another one. Jeebs, panicked, hits a button on the underside of the co promptly flips over, revealing yet another dusty shelf, p junk -- -- but this is all alien junk. Weapons, mostly, bizarre, weapons of all shapes and sizes.
15) 32) dialog: Edwards? Edwards, still dazed by Jeebs' regrown head, glances down weapons.
15) 34) dialog: You sold a carbonizer with implosion capacity to an unlicensed cephlapoid.
15) 36) dialog: A carbonizer is an assassin's weapon, Jeebs. Who was the target?
15) 38) dialog: Jeebs!
15) 40) dialog: This is all confiscated. All of it. I want you on the next transport off this rock. Or I'll shoot you where it doesn't grow back. Jeebs nods, point taken. Kay leaves.
16) 2) dialog: Searching for a handle on the moment here? A place to file all this.
16) 5) dialog: Can't help you, kid. Only comfort I can offer is that tomorrow, you won't remember a thing.
16) 7) dialog: Ever see one of these?
17) 0) text: -- the flash dims on EDWARDS and KAY, sitting at a table restaurant.
17) 1) dialog: (finishing a joke)
17) 4) dialog: Whoops. Gotta run. Thanks for the egg rolls.
17) 6) dialog: See what I mean about tequila? You're a bright young man, James. Just lay off the sauce. I'll see you tomorrow, nine a.m. sharp. He turns and walks out. Edwards checks his watch. A WAITR
21) 0) text: The next morning. EDWARDS, holding the small MIB business hand, compares the address written down by Kay to the add utterly nondescript building in front of him. It's seven gray, windowless, perfectly square, squatting on a bridge a fat guy on the john. "504 Battery Drive."
27) 0) text: ZED and KAY stand behind smoked glass, staring at the REC still in the shooting gallery, waiting for a decision.
27) 2) dialog: So do I. The guy ran down a cephlapoid, Zed. On foot. Tenacity. That I can use.
28) 0) text: The RECRUITS follow ZED out of the shooting gallery and i hallway. Zed motions them off to the left. EDWARDS is the the room, but he stops as he steps into the hallway. KAY is outside the door, waiting for him. Edwards recogni night.
28) 2) dialog: Back in the mid-fifties, the government started a little underfunded agency with the simple and laughable purpose of making contact with a race not of this planet. As they pass an alcove, Edwards notices the six other Rec been herded into a corner. Zed, addressing them, pulls a his pocket.
29) 0) text: As KAY leads EDWARDS down an impossibly long corridor, he folder stuffed thick with eight by ten photographs. He hands Jay the first picture, a shot of eight or nine M suits standing around a fifties-style office with metal d fluorescent lights. DEE and ZED are there, much younger.
29) 1) dialog: Everybody thought the agency was a joke. Except the aliens. They made contact on March 2nd, 1961, outside New  York City. Another photograph, a grainy black and white image of two in the night sky -- classic flying saucer shapes.
29) 2) dialog: There were nine of us that night. Seven agents. An amateur astronomer. And one poor kid who got lost on the wrong back road. Yet another photograph, this one showing a young KAY, in holding a bouquet of flowers, staring at the open door of flying saucer. ALIEN SHAPES are visible within.
29) 4) dialog: They were intergalactic refugees with a simple request. Let us use the earth as an apolitical zone for people without a planet.  Ever see "Casablanca?" Same thing, no Nazis.  We agreed. So we masked all evidence of their landing. Another picture, this one of the 1964 World's Fair ground construction. Giant models of rockets mark the Fair's the travel; most prominent in the construction are two tall t flying saucers now mounted at the top of each.
29) 6) dialog: Why else would we hold it in Queens? (another hallway)
29) 9) dialog: Every six months; it's company policy.
29) 11) dialog: Yeah, sure, hang on, I wanna grab a coffee while we're right here. As Kay walks into the kitchenette, Edwards' jaw drops, hi he stares in wonderment -- -- at THREE WORM-LIKE ALIENS standing around a water cool impossibly thin, most certainly not from New York, the al animated conversation in a language that seems like a com Esperanto and microphone feedback.
29) 12) dialog: (to the aliens)
29) 14) dialog: Oh. He finds the cream sitting out on the counter where the a dumps some in his coffee, and comes back outside, closing him. He reaches up and gently pushes Edwards' jaw up, clo
29) 15) dialog: For future reference, this is a better look for you.
30) 0) text: EDWARDS, thrown for a major loop, sits like a zombie alon bench in Battery Park. Kay drinks his coffee while they t
30) 1) dialog: Any given time, around fifteen hundred landed aliens are on the planet, the majority right here in Manhattan. Most aliens are decent enough, just trying to make a living.
30) 3) dialog: Not as many as you'd think. Humans, for the most part, don't have a clue. Don't want one, either. They're happy. They think they've got a pretty good bead on things.
30) 5) dialog: A person is smart. People are dumb. Everything they've ever "known" has been proven to be wrong. A thousand years ago everybody knew as a fact, that the earth was the center of the universe. Five hundred years ago, they knew it was flat. Fifteen minutes ago, you knew we humans were alone on it. Imagine what you'll know tomorrow.
30) 7) dialog: What you'll gain in perspective, you'll lose in ways you're too young to comprehend. You give up everything. Sever every human contact. No one will know you exist. Ever.
30) 9) dialog: You're not even allowed a favorite shirt. There.  That's the speech I never heard. That's the choice I never got.
30) 11) dialog: You got 'til sun-up.
30) 13) dialog: You find out, you let me know.
35) 0) text: Inside the elevator, the doors WHOOSH shut, KAY turns a k floor number, and the descent begins. EDWARDS continues.
35) 2) dialog: Cool, slick. Now about those skills of yours, The elevator doors --
36) 1) dialog: As of this moment, they don't mean much. It's unlike anything we've ever seen -- huge, multilevele design, polished steel and glass. The workplaces are slee uncluttered, manned by both HUMANS and ALIENS. Most of th the background, like the UPSIDE-DOWN GUY who walks on the shuffling papers. KAY and EDWARDS step off the elevator and onto a platform over the whole place. Kay leads him down into the complex. First, they walk pas passport control center, where a human BUREAUCRAT at a de the documents of a line of ALIENS who've just arrived. Th bizarre life forms in that line, CHATTING in half a dozen tongues. Edwards slows as they pass, listening to the PASSPORT CON he addresses an ARQUILLIAN, a large, humanoid visitor.
36) 7) dialog: Let's go. He's a little...grouchy. Kay moves him into the central hall.
36) 8) dialog: A couple of hours wait after a 17-light-year flight would get on anybody's nerves.
36) 10) dialog: None. They started asking too many questions.
36) 12) dialog: Oh, we hold a few patents on gadgets we confiscated from our out-of-state visitors. Velcro. Microwave Ovens. Liposuction. AT A STORAGE CAGE, Kay turns a key in the lock of a caged throws the door open. Inside, there are piles of sophisti devices stacked on shelves and tabletops.
36) 13) dialog: (picking something up)
36) 16) dialog: We're not supposed to have it. I'll tell you why.  Human thought is so primitive it's considered an infectious disease. Makes you proud, doesn't it? Edwards picks up a small yellow ball from one of the shel
36) 18) dialog: Don't touch that! THE BALL ZINGS OUT OF EDWARDS' HANDS -- it flies out into -- hits the ceiling and ricochets around the room, faster follow -- VARIOUS SHOTS OF HUMANS AND ALIENS ducking, dodging, and its way. ON KAY as he calmly, a little wearily, slips an odd-looki over his right hand... He raises his hand and the yellow ball zings into it -- K ball, calmly.
36) 19) dialog: Caused the '77 New York blackout. Practical joke by the Great Attractor. He thought it was funny as hell. They leave the room.
36) 21) dialog: Observation, the heart of our little endeavor. The screen displays a map of the world on which thousands blink in all parts of the globe, log lines of data flashi
36) 22) dialog: This map shows the location of every registered alien on earth at any given time. Some of them we keep under constant surveillance. He hits a button on the console and the map is replaced b boxes, each with smaller video images.
36) 23) dialog: Everyone on these screens is an alien. In public -- normal. In private -- you'll get the idea. ON THE SCREENS, we see live images of aliens. Aliens who spots where they can't be seen.  Aliens who look human ar right out in public -- including SAM DONALDSON. MICHAEL J ROBBINS.
36) 24) dialog: Meet the twins. Kay gestures to two small, bony CREATURES with eight arms single eye growing out of a central stalk in their heads. and wave two or three arms each.
36) 26) dialog: It makes no sense?
36) 28) dialog: Mrs. Edelson. Edwards, stunned, looks at Kay as 4-Eyes boots her onto t face, cat glasses. Bony fingers. Extremely well-hidden ta
36) 29) dialog: Jupiter, actually. Well, one of the moons. With their remaining arms, they punch button after button console. ZED, who was standing up close to the screen, wa Edwards, sizing him up.
38) 0) text: KAY is at a computer terminal. On screen are Edwards's bi driver's license, social security card, library card, eve VOICE continues:
40) 0) text: One by one, KAY deletes Edwards's identity cards. On the computer screen is Edwards' full name -- JAMES DAR Kay punches a couple keys, and the cursor begins to sweep left, starting to eliminate the rightmost letters of Edwa
44) 0) text: Zed's office is a circular, windowed room elevated above MIB headquarters. JAY and KAY sit across the desk from Ze video monitors on a wall behind Zed's desk, and on each m Man in Black, in different parts of the world, the city n ticking in a corner of the image. While Zed talks, he goes through paperwork on his desk.
44) 8) dialog: (to Jay)
45) 0) text: JAY and KAY come out the front of MIB headquarters.
45) 3) dialog: Zed was saving the world before you were born, son. Show some respect. An MIB MECHANIC pulls up in Kay's black LTD and hops out, open. Jay sizes up the car.
46) 0) text: They get in and slam the doors. Kay starts the car and th quietly.
46) 1) dialog: Seat belt.
46) 3) dialog: Buckle up, please.
46) 5) dialog: Makin' fun of my ride... A LIGHTED PANEL rotates into place between the two front hand falls by accident on a flashing red button in the pa
46) 6) dialog: Jay. The button?
46) 8) dialog: Never push the button, Jay. Jay jerks his hand away.
47) 0) text: The LTD is now stopped by the side of the road, dust swir Ahead of it, another car has pulled over. KAY gets out, J moment later, shaky-legged. Kay walks up to the window of stopped. The DRIVER, a guy in his mid-thirties with a WIF mid-thirties, rolls the window down.
47) 1) dialog: License and registration, please. The Driver hands over some documents. Kay flips through t
47) 2) dialog: Other license and registration, please. The guy digs out two other cards and hands those over. Ja Kay's shoulder. The photographs on the "RESIDENT ALIEN ID"cards are of tw friendly-looking reptile types, husband and wife, smiling their long, skinny tongues dangling in a friendly sort of Kay hands them back.
47) 3) dialog: Your resident card has you restricted to the five boroughs only. Where do you think you're going?
47) 5) dialog: Oh God. How soon? Mrs. Redgick SCREAMS in pain. Real soon. For the first ti seen him, Kay is nervous.
47) 6) dialog: Okay. All right. No big deal. (to Jay)
47) 9) dialog: Sure, it's easy, you just sorta -- catch. Mrs. Redgick SCREAMS again. Redgick gets out of the car,
47) 11) dialog: Yeah, hell, sure, he does this all the time. C'mon, let him work, Redgick, I wanna ask you something. Kay gives Jay a supportive SLAP on the back and leads Red rear of the car. Jay stays in the background and opens th tentatively. He leans down, into the car.
47) 13) dialog: Croagg the Midwife's back on 64th and 8th. You were headed out of town.
47) 16) dialog: (still to Redgick)
47) 19) dialog: Really? I didn't see a departure clearance for today.
47) 22) dialog: Doin' fine, Ace. (back to Redgick)
47) 27) dialog: What new arrivals? This have anything to do with the crasher from last night?
47) 31) dialog: Congratulations! It's a lizard. Jay looks down at the creature COOING and nestling on his
48) 1) dialog: Anything about that seem unusual to you? Jay just looks at him, very Jack Benny.
48) 3) dialog: What kind of "new arrival" would scare Redgick so bad that he'd risk a warp jump with a newborn? (thinks)
49) 0) text: CLOSE ON on various supermarket tabloids as a hand flips There are headlines like "POPE A FATHER!"and "TOP DOCTORS BORN PREGNANT!" and "MAN EATS OWN HOUSE!" (the subhead on That's Just the Appetizer, Says Neighbor.") KAY and JAY are at a downtown newsstand. Kay is furiously through the tabs; Jay is standing behind him, a little em
49) 2) dialog: Best damn investigative reporting on the planet.  But hey, go ahead, read the New York Times if you want. They get lucky sometimes.
49) 4) dialog: Not looking for. Found. He SMACKS the paper down on the hood in front of Jay, the open to a headline in typeface so large one would think i the Second Coming: Farm wife says "ALIEN STOLE MY HUSBAND'S SKIN!"
51) 0) text: The LTD pulls to a stop at the end of the driveway that l Beatrice's farmhouse, where the alien ship landed. The wr truck is still there. JAY and KAY get out, very undercove up the driveway.
51) 1) dialog: Not so fast. Walk up slow.
51) 3) dialog: Part of the routine. Makes it look like we're sizing up the situation. Gives her time to get the wrong impression. BEATRICE appears in the door to the house, curious.
51) 4) dialog: Puts some fear into her. Makes things go smoother. Beatrice calls to them.
51) 6) dialog: How do you do, ma'am, I'm Special Agent Manheim, this is Agent Black, FBI. Had a few questions about your visitor.
51) 8) dialog: No ma'am. We at the FBI don't have a sense of humor that we're aware of. Mind if we come in?
52) 0) text: In the living room, KAY sips some of her lemonade and win through the room, checking it out as BEATRICE tells her s
52) 4) dialog: Go on.
52) 6) dialog: Did he say anything?
52) 8) dialog: Sugar water.
52) 10) dialog: Ray Bans. (pulling off Jay's sunglasses)
52) 11) text: Okay, Beatrice. There was no alien, and the flash of light you saw in the sky wasn't a UFO. Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and refracted the light from Venus --
52) 13) dialog: Standard issue neuralyzer.
52) 15) dialog: On a more personal note, Beatrice, Edgar ran off with on old girlfriend. Go stay at your mother's for a few days and get over it. Decide you're better off.
53) 0) text: KAY is in the hole where the ship landed, investigating. spectral analyzer over a section of scorched earth.  The colors.  Red. Then Yellow.
53) 2) text: Hey. Kay...when am I gonna get one of those memory things? The spectral analyzer turns blue.
53) 3) dialog: When you're ready. (re: analyzer)
53) 4) text: Please -- not green. Purple. And then green. Kay closes his eyes and sits back, leaning against the di JAY leans over, staring down. Kay looks up at him.
53) 5) dialog: Do you know what alien life form leaves a green spectral trail?
53) 7) dialog: (softly, into mic)
53) 10) dialog: Bugs thrive on carnage, Tiger.  They consume, infest and destroy. They live off the death and decay of other species.
53) 12) dialog: Listen, kid -- imagine a giant cockroach five times smarter than Albert Einstein, four times stronger than an ox, nine times meaner than hell, strutting his stuff around Manhattan Island in his brand new Edgar suit. Does that sound like fun?
53) 14) dialog: With a bug in town? Watch the morgues.
62) 0) text: Kay's LTD pulls up in front of the morgue.
63) 0) text: Two men in black suits hurry down the stairs and into the the morgue. They hasten down the hallway, their shoes CLI lockstep, headed for those swinging doors at the other en JAY and KAY. Men in Black on a mission.
64) 0) text: In the morgue, LAUREL has fallen asleep on her desk, her ROSENBERG'S CAT sits on the desk next to her, licking its the cat looks up, MEOWING urgently. Laurel looks up and, following the cat's gaze, turns arou chair. JAY and KAY stand in the doorway, staring at her. forward, holding out that black card again. It reforms in of official ID, this time it says "DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC H
64) 3) dialog: Weird? Dr. Leo Menville, Department of Public Health. This is Dr. White. She looks up. Jay and Kay are standing there.
64) 7) dialog: We watch the morgues very carefully. You've got something unusual?
64) 11) dialog: I'll have a look at this one. Dr. White, why don't you and Dr. Weaver check out the other body?
64) 38) text: No... From the other side of the room, Kay CLEARS HIS THROAT.
64) 40) dialog: What do you think?
64) 43) dialog: Of the body.
64) 45) dialog: The dead body?
64) 47) dialog: All right. Keep her occupied. Try not to sound too dumb. ACROSS THE MORGUE, Laurel is still examining Rosenberg, n to his head, carefully studying his left ear. She notices strange, turns, and calls over her shoulder to Jay.
64) 54) dialog: You're up, Slugger. Jay turns and races across the room to rejoin her.
64) 68) text: Hey! Kay! I mean, Dr., uh, whatever, come here! Kay begins over. Laurel looks at them.
64) 71) dialog: Rosenberg. Damn. Good man.
64) 73) dialog: One of the few I actually liked. Exiled High Prince.
64) 77) dialog: He said there's a galaxy on Orion's Belt? That makes no sense.
64) 82) text: Uh, hi, whoever you guys are, I'm afraid I'm going to need to see some ID if you're going to be in the morgue, okay?
64) 83) dialog: Sure thing, sweetheart. Here you go. FLASH! He neuralyzes her again. Jay slaps his hand.
64) 85) dialog: (to Laurel, ignoring Jay)
64) 88) dialog: Never hurt her before.
64) 90) dialog: (evasive)
64) 93) dialog: (more evasive)
64) 96) dialog: I took this job. He heads out. Jay follows.
64) 98) dialog: Nah.
65) 0) text: Jay and Kay exit the morgue and walk towards their car.
65) 2) dialog: Not while I'm around, Slim.
65) 4) dialog: (to an MIB Agent)
68) 0) text: As lower Manhattan is waking up, Jay and Kay enter the bu
69) 0) text: Despite the early hour, the headquarters is going full-bl screen displays the familiar grouping of stars that is th ORION. Jay and Kay hurry in -- Kay peels off to one of the monit for Zed.
69) 10) text: Whoever Elizabeth Ann Reston is, she's lovely. She's sett table in her back yard at the moment, unaware that she's an eye in the sky -- just as Kay is unaware that Jay is s him. Jay notices the monitor with the Middle-aged Woman on it. Kay's expression, then back at the monitor.
69) 14) dialog: No. It's more than Kay can bear. He reaches out and flicks a monitor goes blank, except for a data screen: SUBJECT LOST
69) 15) text: Kay sits back in the chair and eats a potato chip morosel him: "Is this me in thirty years?" A moment goes by. Fina
69) 17) dialog: Try it.
69) 19) dialog: (quietly, with dread)
69) 23) dialog: Why do rats desert the ship? (to the twins)
69) 25) dialog: Four hundred. Now there's a view of the earth from space. Nothing unusu
69) 26) dialog: Four thousand. Now we're looking at earth from far, far away -- and from something that doesn't belong in this picture: A BATTLE CRUISER far off to one side of the earth. The wo flash in red letters on one side of the map.
69) 27) dialog: That's an Arquillian battle cruiser.
69) 29) dialog: Message coming in. The communication continues.
69) 30) dialog: Speak of the devil. The communication continues.
69) 33) text: Translate that and step on it! (to Kay)
69) 34) text: Meanwhile get down to Rosenberg's store and see what you can turn up. Kay and Jay walk away.
69) 37) dialog: Series four de-atomizer. Kay pulls out another weapon, the TINIEST GUN WE'VE EVER
69) 38) dialog: Here. We call this the "Noisy Cricket."
69) 40) text: I'm afraid I'm going to break it. Jay follows Kay out, glancing back to see the huge gun tu Arquillian Battle Cruiser HUM and WHIR as they swing arou pointed down at the unwitting planet below.
72) 2) dialog: Someone who's not looking for jewels. Jay moves behind the counter. On the floor is an ornate, bag of cat food, next to a scrumptious pillow. There are A CAT on the wall. There is also a pile of BEJEWELED CAT COLLARS. Jay picks COLLARS, inspects it closely, shaking his head.
72) 6) dialog: (picking himself up)
72) 7) text: Damn it. Kay runs out after Jay.
73) 0) text: Edgar doesn't bother sticking around to continue his figh behind the wheel of the tow truck, starts it up, and hits engine ROARS. Jay sprints after him, FIRING his noisy cricket. He is th some pedestrians, while his SHOT... Hits the rigging between the Orkin Van and the town truck two. Jay pulls himself up and sprints after the tow truck accelerates too quickly. Edgar is just about to turn the corner when Jay leaps ont try and get some height. As Jay prepares to shoot, EDGAR THE CORNER, and a HUGH TRUCK backs into his line of fire. JAY FIRES, the TRUCK EXPLODES and Jay flies BACKWARDS, hu the air and CRASHING through the window of a car, his rea the woman driver's face. When Jay looks up, Kay is standing before him. He yanks J car.
73) 1) dialog: We do not discharge our weapons in view of the public.
73) 3) dialog: There's always an Alien Battle Cruiser...or a Korlian Death Ray, or...an intergalactic plague about to wipe out life on this planet, and the only thing that lets people get on with their hopeful little lives is that they don't know about it. Kay gestures to a group of ONLOOKERS, drawn by the curiou store. There's smoking rubble everywhere.
73) 4) dialog: Don't worry about the bug. He's not leaving town. We've got his ship. After gesturing to the back of the Orkin van, where Edgar neatly stowed, Kay pulls out his cell phone.
73) 5) dialog: (into phone)
74) 3) dialog: What about the Arquillians?
74) 5) dialog: No, they don't want much, do they?
75) 0) text: As Kay puts away his phone, turns to Jay
75) 1) dialog: All right, kid. The Arquillians want the galaxy, whatever the hell that means. We need help. A professional. Someone with years of experience in intergalactic politics. I just hope the little prick hasn't skipped town.
77) 0) text: Kay's LTD SCREECHES to a halt in front of the kiosk on Or and KAY leap out and Jay spots the VENDOR, closing up the wearing a dirty cardigan, watch cap, and fingerless glove aquiver with ticks and mannerisms. He has a small dog in Jay rolls his eyes as they step up to the counter.
77) 3) dialog: You busy, Frank?
77) 5) dialog: Call the pound. We got a stray.
77) 8) dialog: (to Frank)
77) 11) dialog: Not a thing? Kay shakes Frank the Pug, trying to force an answer.
77) 13) dialog: And the bug had other plans.
77) 16) dialog: (to Frank)
77) 22) dialog: Here?
77) 25) dialog: How small?
77) 27) dialog: (to Frank the Pug)
81) 0) text: Jay and Kay barrel through town.
81) 2) dialog: By killing the emissaries, and stealing the galaxy they've been fighting about.
81) 4) dialog: We're not even history. 'Cause history implies there's someone around to remember it.
83) 0) text: Kay's LTD pulls to a stop in front of the morgue and JAY
83) 2) dialog: What the hell for?
83) 4) dialog: Two minutes!
87) 0) text: KAY comes down the stairs and into the morgue corridor. watch, then leans against the counter and pulls out a pac Waiting.
89) 0) text: Kay pulls out a box of matches and strikes one on the sid to his cigarette, but as it draws close, the match goes o SIZZLE. Kay furrows his brow. Odd.
91) 0) text: Kay raises another lit match to his cigarette, but as thi a BIG GLOB OF GOO drops from the ceiling and onto the mat flame. Kay looks up, sharply. Above him, TONY, the counter guy, is stuck to one high co ceiling by an enormous wad of viscous, dripping fluid. He look of terror on his face and the can of Raid still clut From inside the morgue, Laurel SCREAMS.
92) 0) text: Kay races into the morgue just as the examination table E air, revealing EDGAR, who was hiding beneath it. Now everything happens at once. Jay leaps back and draws Cricket, Kay pulls out his series four deatomizer, and Ed shotgun under Laurel's chin, using her body to shield his
92) 1) dialog: Freeze it, Bug!
92) 10) dialog: Let her go, Shit Eater.
92) 12) dialog: You're breakin' my heart. Move six inches to your left and I'll solve all your problems. ORION the cat suddenly attacks, leaping off the top of th landing on Edgar, HISSING and scratching and clawing for Edgar snaps an arm up and whips her off. The cat squirms icon jangling. Edgar grabs the icon, holds onto it, and f away, across the morgue. The icon comes free, remaining i He drops it into his mouth and swallows. He shoves the gu Laurel's cheek.
92) 16) dialog: How far you think you'll get without your ship? If that's what you call that hunk of space crap we've got back at our office.
92) 18) dialog: Never gonna happen, Insect. Edgar backs away with Laurel, further into the morgue, to window that looks out at the base of an air shaft. Jay an slowly, cornering him.
94) 0) text: Jay and Kay duck into the air shaft and look up -- too fa the walls are smooth anyway.
94) 1) dialog: Damn it! They turn and run out of the morgue.
95) 5) dialog: Stop wasting time. He's not getting off the planet in a cab.
96) 0) text: Jay and Kay rush in from the door under the World's Fair toward the main display screen; all around them, the MIB frenetic activity in response to the threat from above.
96) 1) dialog: (to tech at a desk)
96) 3) dialog: What've we got from our friends upstairs?
96) 5) dialog: Yeah, well the bug's got the galaxy, but we've got his ship. He's got to be looking for a way out. Just then, a loud ALARM wails. AT THE MAIN VIEWING SCREEN, A GREEN LINE shoots out from ship, striking a region of planet earth.
97) 5) dialog: One hour.
97) 12) dialog: Pull up the locations of all land-based interstellar vehicles.
97) 14) dialog: Atlantic City?
97) 16) dialog: That landfill on the Jersey Shore?
97) 19) dialog: Epcot?
97) 21) dialog: Miami Beach?
97) 24) dialog: Hartford?
102) 0) text: KAY and JAY leap into Kay's LTD and SLAM the doors. Kay j the ignition, the car ROARS to life, and he turns to Jay.
102) 1) dialog: Whaddya say we bag us some bug? He hits the gas and the car ROCKETS away from the curb.
104) 0) text: Kay turns sharply to the right, SMACKING Jay around. Look sees the entrance to the midtown tunnel.
104) 2) dialog: You know a better way to Queens?
106) 0) text: Kay approaches the line of cars at top speed, with no int down. Jay, terrified, holds on for dear life.
106) 2) dialog: Jay. The button?
106) 4) dialog: Push the button, Jay. A LIGHTED PANEL rotates into place between the two front red button flashes underneath its plastic shield again. J plastic cover and JAMS his finger down on the red flashin
106) 5) dialog: And you may want to throw on a seat belt.
107) 0) text: As the LTD rockets toward the traffic jam up ahead, it be its shape actually changing. The sides and back extend as endoskeleton pushes the "normal" panels out. It becomes a machine, held together by an elaborate series of mechanic metallic tendons. Kay's car hurtles toward certain death in the traffic jam possible moment it swerves off to the side, a SUCKING SOU underneath it. Instead of banging off the wall of the tunnel, the LTD ac it. It swerves up, onto the wall and hangs there, racing below. It keeps going, turning all the way over and driving upsi clinging to the roof of the tunnel.
108) 1) dialog: Mind if I smoke?
108) 3) dialog: In the car, I mean.
108) 5) dialog: Hey, just a common courtesy. It bothers some people if you smoke in a car. He lights a cigarette and blows the smoke out leisurely, wheel, just waiting out the tunnel. Jay gives up struggli himself and closes his eyes, suffering through this.
109) 0) text: From outside the car, we watch it rocket along on the roo We can hear KAY'S VOICE as he goes on. And on.
109) 1) dialog: Yeah, it's harder and harder to smoke anywhere these days. Hell, I suppose I should quit. I've tried. Never took, though. I'm beginning to think I lack self-control. And they disappear out the other end of the tunnel --
110) 1) dialog: Well, back to work. He flips his cigarette out the window and cranks the whee
111) 0) text: Approaching a toll booth, the LTD shoots across nine lane through the only open booth, SHATTERING the gate. Traveli hundred miles an hour, Kay nonchalantly flips a token out -- and it CHINKS in the basket as their taillights disapp
113) 0) text: Over at the fence, the LTD comes to a looooong, skidding fairgrounds. AT THE TRUNK, JAY and KAY flip open the trunk and scarf u weapons look most dangerous. Kay grabs a black box, UNSNA latches, and opens it, revealing -- -- the most wicked-looking shotgun on the planet. Three feet long, triple-barreled, over and under and unde action reloader on top of a storage clip for a dozen more shells themselves are solid, glistening like polished ste the clip.
113) 2) dialog: No idea whatsoever. He SLAMS the trunk, revealing the flying saucers sitting columns in the distance.
113) 3) dialog: Let's bag us some bug. As if on cue, one of the saucers begins to HUM. Then it s faster and faster. The ship begins to rise.
116) 0) text: Kay raises the weapon he took from the trunk; looks over
116) 1) dialog: Set it to pulsar level five, sub-sonic implosion factor --
116) 3) dialog: Press the little green button, on three. Jay raises his weapon; they press their green buttons.
116) 4) dialog: One...two... They pull their triggers. For a moment, nothing happens, as if it were a misfire. B a VACUUM WHUMP, like all the air in the immediate area be space the size of a dime, and a tremendous shock wave rol barrel of the guns. Jay and Kay are sucked to the ground by the bizarre force their stomachs like magnets to a refrigerator.
119) 0) text: The saucer CRASHES through the Unisphere, an enormous ste THUDS to the earth, CRASHING through brush, dirt and rock Jay and Kay come to their feet... In front of them, the dust clears... Trees uprooted, ston thrown everywhere...a dumpster has been cast to their lef And the saucer is there, embedded in the earth, tipped of mound of debris... A hatch comes up...revealing Edgar, walking slowly toward contained fury.
119) 2) dialog: You are under arrest for violating number 4-1-53 of the Tycho accord. Please hand over any galaxy you might be carrying.
119) 4) dialog: Move away from the vehicle and put your hands on your head. He pumps the gun for emphasis.
121) 0) text: Jay and Kay hit the ground with loud grunts.
121) 2) dialog: This guy's really starting to bug me. Kay starts walking after the Bug.
121) 3) dialog: Whatever happens, Jay, don't let him get on that ship.
121) 5) dialog: Getting my gun back.
121) 7) dialog: Hey, Bug! The Bug just keeps moving toward the ladder.
121) 8) dialog: I'm talking to you, Bug! You know how many of your kind I've swatted with a newspaper? The Bug turns toward Kay. Kay steps up to him, the small against the giant alien hug.
123) 0) text: Kay has himself in the Bug's face, its dripping fangs inc face.
123) 1) dialog: You're just a smear on the sports page to me, you slimy, gut-sucking, intestinal parasite! Eat me! The Bug reacts -- cranks open its massive jaws with a dea lunges forward, and sucks Kay into his mouth. The Bug straightens up to its full height and throws his slides down the Bug's throat, bending it sideways as he k his way down into its abdomen. JAY looks on, in stunned horror...
126) 0) text: Kay, swimming in the Bug's intestinal fluid, tries to mak gun, Holding his breath. Eyes stinging.
128) 0) text: Kay almost has his fingers around the stock of the gun -- the outside distracts him and he turns -- the gun shifts
131) 0) text: Kay's hand reaches closer and closer to the gun...
132) 7) dialog: Zed. Get a message to the Arquillians.  We have the galaxy.
134) 0) text: Kay flips the phone closed.
134) 1) dialog: You were saying?
134) 3) dialog: (shrugs)
134) 4) text: Worked. As they argue, behind them, unseen, THE FRONT HALF OF THE ITSELF UP on its forearms, eyes gleaming with hate, jaws to lower itself onto Kay and Jay.
134) 6) dialog: And I almost got digested. It goes with the job.
134) 8) dialog: There wasn't time, sport! HISSS! The Bug attacks, swinging its head down on them. T it, and just before the jaws snap down on their heads... BOOM! The Bug's head explodes into a million bits. Bug ju everywhere, bucketsful of goo drenching Kay and Jay even They turn to see... LAUREL standing behind the dead Bug, the other atomizer i barrel smoking, the weapon and Laurel dripping the Bug in
136) 0) text: Kay's LTD is parked outside Men in Black headquarters. LA back against the car.  We see JAY and KAY walking away in
136) 3) dialog: Not her. Me. (looking up at the sky)
136) 6) dialog: I haven't been training a partner -- I've been training a replacement.
136) 10) dialog: Maybe you won't have to. Kay starts dialing back the neuralyzer.
136) 11) dialog: Days. Months. Years. Always face it forwards. He hands the neuralyzer to Jay. Taps his pocket. Indicate his glasses on. Jay resists.
136) 12) dialog: I've just been down the gullet of an interstellar cockroach. That's one of a hundred memories I don't want. Jay takes the neuralyzer. Slips on his glasses.
136) 13) dialog: See you around, sport. Jay raises the neuralyzer. With a brilliant FLASH, the sc
137) 3) text: A large photograph shows a smiling KAY, arm-in-arm with E his long-lost fiancee, in her back yard in Tempe, Arizona She holds a large bouquet of flowers, the same kind he br gave her thirty years ago. JAY, who's reading the paper, smiles. AT THE CURB, Jay hurries back to the LTD with the newspap (formerly Laurel), is waiting, leaning against the hood. suit. Black shoes. Short-cropped hair. The look never loo