12) 0) text: A woman sneaks into the room. DOCTOR LAUREL WEAVER, thirt dark-haired, dark-eyed, general aura of darkness around h him. Laurel looks like she was just dragged out of bed (w saw a spaceman (which she did).  She looks over her shoul whispers to him.
12) 1) dialog: Laurel Weaver. Deputy Medical Examiner. I believe you. I opened him up. Find me at the morgue. On 26th. I'll tell you what I found.
12) 3) dialog: (turning at the door)
12) 6) dialog: Yes. That's right.
12) 8) dialog: Look where? Edwards stretches even further in his seat, when there is from the corridor. Really curious now, he starts to get u -- when KAY steps into the room and closes the door behin rolls his eyes.
60) 2) dialog: By the wall, I guess. (noticing)
60) 5) dialog: What's the problem with the cat?
60) 7) dialog: Are you having a bad day, baby?  Cheer up. (of Rosenberg)
60) 9) dialog: Okey-dokey. Shall we?
61) 0) text: Laurel is hunched over the corpse, the only light in the the overhead spot that illuminates her work. Fascinated by something, she digs deeper. And deeper. And face a mixture of alarm and excitement.
61) 1) dialog: Oh, my God.
64) 0) text: In the morgue, LAUREL has fallen asleep on her desk, her ROSENBERG'S CAT sits on the desk next to her, licking its the cat looks up, MEOWING urgently. Laurel looks up and, following the cat's gaze, turns arou chair. JAY and KAY stand in the doorway, staring at her. forward, holding out that black card again. It reforms in of official ID, this time it says "DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC H
64) 1) dialog: (into recorder)
64) 4) dialog: Yeah, well whoever you are, I'm afraid I'm going to need to see some ID. He hands her his CARTE NOIR, which changes to read "Dr. M Department of Public Health." She hands it back.
64) 5) dialog: (checking her watch)
64) 8) dialog: I'd say so -- triple homicide. She gets up and goes to the Arquillian's body, which is s table under the lights.
64) 9) dialog: The first corpse was perfectly normal, except that he was broken in half, but when I opened up the other two -- well, look. She throws back a sheet, revealing (to them only, not us) dissected Arquillian. Kay raises an eyebrow; Jay nearly r
64) 10) dialog: There's a skeletal structure at work here unlike anything I've ever seen. Kay steps past her, going straight to the body. He begins
64) 12) dialog: This way, Doctor. Jay and Laurel cross the room, to where ROSENBERG's corps another gurney.
64) 13) dialog: This one's even stranger. I did a full laparotomy. I started with the lesser curvature of the stomach -- though, if you want, we could begin at the gastro-esophageal junction.
64) 15) dialog: All right. Jay hears a MEOW and looks down. Rosenberg's cat is rubbi leg.
64) 17) dialog: Guess it is now. Came in with the bodies. She SNAPS one of her rubber gloves and reaches down (out sinking her hands into the body as she moves things aside look on Jay's face, one can imagine how disgusting it is. Laurel digs in, up to her elbows. Jay winces. She pulls o out, to wipe a strand of hair out of her face. He looks a -- and she winks at him. He's surprised. She laughs.
64) 18) dialog: Okay. Dive right in. God knows he won't mind. Jay is reluctant, so she rolls her eyes and helps him, ta hand and guiding him into the thick of the corpse.
64) 19) dialog: You have very pretty eyes.
64) 21) dialog: Hey, just walking the dog. (continuing)
64) 24) dialog: Now push that aside. Notice anything strange? Stomach? Liver? Lungs?
64) 26) dialog: Doctor, they're all missing.
64) 29) dialog: Have we met before? I have the strangest feeling of deja vu.
64) 31) dialog: Okay. You wanna know what I really think? (re: Kay)
64) 34) dialog: By the way, stop me if I'm freaking you out.
64) 36) dialog: You know what I like to do sometimes? When it's really late?
64) 48) dialog: Dr. White. Jay, in conversation with Kay, does not respond to what i
64) 49) dialog: (louder)
64) 52) dialog: (shouting)
64) 55) dialog: Look at this. Jay leans down. There is strange stitching around the bas ear.
64) 58) dialog: Far -- freaking -- out. They lean in closer. The Tiny Little Green Man (a BALTIAN out of his mouth.
64) 62) dialog: War? The Baltian nods vigorously. That's it.
64) 68) text: Hey! Kay! I mean, Dr., uh, whatever, come here! Kay begins over. Laurel looks at them.
64) 69) dialog: "Doctor Whatever"? You're not with the Department of Public Health, are you? Jay shakes his head -- but is now paying more attention t leads him toward the Little Man.
64) 74) dialog: I was right -- this is an alien life form, and you're from some government agency who wants to keep it under wraps... Kay and Jay are not paying attention to Laurel.
64) 76) dialog: ... This make total sense. How else do you explain New York? The other night I'm in a cab, this guy... FLASH! Without even looking at her, Kay whips out his neu blanks her out.
64) 81) dialog: (as if awakening)
78) 0) text: In the morgue, LAUREL is working at a desk when suddenly leaps up onto it from nowhere, the way cats do, landing r middle of the file she's studying. Laurel jumps.
78) 1) dialog: Boy, when you want attention -- She pets the cat. As she does, the cat's collar shines in Laurel turns the name tag to face her.
78) 3) dialog: "Orion." That's a pretty name. From out in the corridor, a bell rings -- DING, DING. Laurel notices something dangling from the cat's collar - of a strange and beautiful metal. The center is some sort translucent material, light green in color.
78) 4) dialog: What's this? She peers into the jewel, and her face washes over with a
79) 0) text: It's as if Laurel is sucked into another universe. Her fa beatifically blank as she sails through a massive starfie stars, billions of green, verdant planets, all racing by of light.
80) 1) dialog: Wow. Outside, the bell DINGS again. Orion looks up, as if know there, and not liking it. She SNARLS at the door and leap scurrying across the lab and disappearing under some equi
84) 0) text: LAUREL SLAMS into a wall on one side of the morgue, throw He leans in, close, furious.
84) 2) dialog: I told you, I don't know, it ran under some equipment! Over there.
86) 0) text: JAY comes into the morgue. LAUREL is in there, standing r an examination table, but there is no corpse on the table draped over it. She just stands there, in the middle of t at Jay.
86) 2) dialog: (oddly)
86) 6) dialog: Yes. That's right.
86) 8) dialog: I don't know where the cat is at the moment.
86) 10) dialog: No. (lowers her voice to a whisper)
86) 13) dialog: I said, maybe you could take me with you instead.
86) 15) dialog: I'd really like to go with you. Now. Jay just looks at her, amazed at the power he seems to ha woman. He looks over his shoulder, to make sure he has a alone.
86) 17) dialog: I just do.
88) 0) text: Jay is thoroughly enjoying himself, but Laurel seems to b
88) 1) dialog: I have something I need to show you. She looks down, pointedly, in the direction of her waist.
88) 3) dialog: You don't understand. You really need to see this.
90) 0) text: Laurel is at the end of her rope.
90) 1) dialog: Look, Stud, I don't know how many more times I'm going to get to tell you this. There's something -- She points, sharply, at the examination table directly in
90) 2) dialog: -- that you have to help me with. Jay's smile vanishes and his jaw drops as he figures it o reach for his gun.
91) 0) text: Kay raises another lit match to his cigarette, but as thi a BIG GLOB OF GOO drops from the ceiling and onto the mat flame. Kay looks up, sharply. Above him, TONY, the counter guy, is stuck to one high co ceiling by an enormous wad of viscous, dripping fluid. He look of terror on his face and the can of Raid still clut From inside the morgue, Laurel SCREAMS.
92) 0) text: Kay races into the morgue just as the examination table E air, revealing EDGAR, who was hiding beneath it. Now everything happens at once. Jay leaps back and draws Cricket, Kay pulls out his series four deatomizer, and Ed shotgun under Laurel's chin, using her body to shield his
92) 3) dialog: (to Jay)
92) 6) dialog: What did I have to do, SING it for you!?!
92) 8) dialog: Oh, that's SO typical. Any time a woman shows the slightest hint of sexual independence, men just --
92) 20) dialog: HOW is it okay?!
93) 0) text: EDGAR, still clutching LAUREL, EXPLODES up over a railing Nobody looks twice as Edgar, dragging Laurel (with his ar mouth), races toward the nearby busy Manhattan Street.
95) 0) text: EDGAR, with LAUREL, RUNS right in front of a CAB, which s halt inches from them. The CABBIE sticks his head out and in an unknown language. And KEEPS yelling as -- Edgar reaches through the passenger side and pulls the Ca (cigarette and wooden seat-beads and all). The Cab Driver is still yelling as Edgar leaps in, pushin before him, leaving her behind the wheel. He removes a POSTCARD -- the one he took from the display newsstand.
95) 2) dialog: What??? Edgar just cranks the car into gear -- opening his mouth the icon -- and in so doing revealing a TRIPLE ROW OF SER he SLAMS HIS FOOT on the gas pedal. Laurel's head snaps back as the car rocks forward. She ha to grab the wheel and start steering as -- The car screeches out into traffic, swerving wildly as La make a 90-degree turn. The car fishtails wildly, swiping as it straightens and heads into the traffic. The furious Cab Driver runs off after it, still yelling a around the corner. A second later, KAY and JAY rush out into the street. The to be seen. Jay runs into the street, noticing the wooden ripped pine-scented green deodorizer, and the still-burni
98) 0) text: -- the real-live twin towers on the actual fairgrounds in Meadows. A taxi SCREECHES to a halt at the edge of a fenc away. EDGAR shoves LAUREL out through the driver's door a her, still holding his weapon on her.
98) 2) dialog: What?! Why?!
112) 0) text: EDGAR climbs the outside of the landing tower of one of t pushing LAUREL up ahead of him, headed for the saucer at
112) 1) dialog: Come on, let me go, you don't want to eat me. I'm a very important person on my planet. Like a queen. A goddess, even. There are those who worship me, yes. I'm not trying to impress you with this, I'm just letting you know. It could start a war.
112) 3) dialog: You're a wonderful dad. And with that she KICKS him squarely in the face. He reel losing his grip on her. She takes advantage of the moment HERSELF out, into the air. Edgar flails, but she is beyond his reach. She falls, tum air -- -- and lands in the branches of a tree. She hits hard, th rattling, and reaches out and hangs on for dear life, hig ground. Above, Edgar just keeps climbing.
114) 0) text: Laurel sits in her tree, watching with amazement.
124) 0) text: Laurel is still watching.
134) 9) dialog: Interesting job you guys got. ON THE SKY. Bits of Bug juice still flying through the ai
136) 8) dialog: (walking towards them)
137) 3) text: A large photograph shows a smiling KAY, arm-in-arm with E his long-lost fiancee, in her back yard in Tempe, Arizona She holds a large bouquet of flowers, the same kind he br gave her thirty years ago. JAY, who's reading the paper, smiles. AT THE CURB, Jay hurries back to the LTD with the newspap (formerly Laurel), is waiting, leaning against the hood. suit. Black shoes. Short-cropped hair. The look never loo