50) 0) text: A flap of skin, now getting gray and crusty with age, han neck as he sits in the front of his Orkin van. He sucks a possibly can on a straw stuck into a Jolt Cola ("Double t the Caffeine!"), one of a six-pack that sits on the dashb Across the street, Edgar sees a short, older man come out jewelry shops on Thirty-Fifth Street. Edgar drops the sod The Older Man (ROSENBERG), is carrying a cat and an ornat jewelry box. Carefully, he sets the box down and lovingly on top of it while he locks all five locks on the door to shop. That finished, he picks up the cat, then the box, then wa the street, one under each arm. Edgar drops the truck into gear and follows him, slowly, behind him. ON THE STREET, Rosenberg walks happily along, HUMMING to his cat a little peck. As he rounds a corner, we recogniz humming -- "I've Got the Whole World In My Hands." The Orkin van rounds the corner behind him. Following.
54) 0) text: ROSENBERG, the jewelry store owner, steps out of a cab in district, still carrying the ornate box and his beloved c Leshko's, a Russian diner. A moment later, the Orkin van pulls to a stop across the
55) 0) text: ROSENBERG comes into the tiny restaurant, squinting in th darkness. At a table in the middle, he sees a man eating enormous, dignified, yet profoundly strange-looking man i fifties. Rosenberg walks carefully over to the table, but does not man (an ARQUILLIAN, and if we're eagle-eyed, we recognize on a "diplomatic mission" from passport control) rises fr steps forward, to face Rosenberg, who sets the ornate box Immediately, ROSENBERG'S CAT jumps on top of it. Rosenberg and the Arquillian stare at each other for a lo -- and then embrace each other. The embrace has an odd, f it, like mafiosi coming to a sitdown. They hold on, long both seemed choked with emotion. Finally, they break apart and take their seats. They spea alien tongue, which is subtitled. Rosenberg wipes away te
55) 1) dialog: Sorry I'm late. The cab drivers on this planet are terrible.
55) 3) dialog: Yeah, and they overcharge you every time.
55) 5) dialog: A bug? He must know why I'm here.
55) 8) dialog: No, just some diamonds for your children. Do we have time to eat? The Arquillian relaxes.
57) 0) text: ROSENBERG and the ARQUILLIAN raise their glasses in a toa
57) 2) dialog: To the safety of the galaxy. They CLINK glasses and drink, just as the Waiter arrives. only his arms and midsection as he sets the tray on a sta plates of pirogi. He carries them to the table and sets t Rosenberg, setting his glass down next to the plate, catc the Waiter's hand -- -- just as an enormous silverfish bug slithers out of the and scurries across the table. The glass slips out of Ros dumping wine all over the table. He looks up, slowly, and sees the Waiter's face. It's EDGAR. Another half dozen insects of all variety tum Edgar's sleeves and scurry across the table. Rosenberg an freeze, paralyzed with fear. They seem to know what dire Edgar's presence holds.
57) 3) dialog: (in English again)
58) 0) text: Later, and the Russian diner is now a crime scene, cluste flashing lights. THREE BODIES, now on stretchers and cove are being loaded into the back of ambulances. ROSENBERG'S CAT races out of a UNIFORMED COP's arms and l the stretchers, MEOWING mournfully. The Uniformed Cop tur INSPECTOR who is questioning the WOMAN from the diner.
59) 0) text: The stretcher with the corpse on it is wheeled down a cor headquarters. ROSENBERG'S CAT, still on his chest, MEOWS stretcher approaches two doors with "City Morgue" written words split in half as the stretcher BANGS through the do
64) 0) text: In the morgue, LAUREL has fallen asleep on her desk, her ROSENBERG'S CAT sits on the desk next to her, licking its the cat looks up, MEOWING urgently. Laurel looks up and, following the cat's gaze, turns arou chair. JAY and KAY stand in the doorway, staring at her. forward, holding out that black card again. It reforms in of official ID, this time it says "DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC H
69) 34) text: Meanwhile get down to Rosenberg's store and see what you can turn up. Kay and Jay walk away.
70) 0) text: SMASH! The window in the front door of Rosenberg's jewelr in a shower of glass. EDGAR reaches in and fumbles with t them one by one. He gets them all and steps inside. Out t him, we can see his Orkin van, double parked in the stree All the gems and jewels are under glass counters. Edgar s the glass, grabbing great handfuls of jewels and tossing Outside, a New York City tow truck pulls up to the front and starts to hitch up. Edgar, in his rage, starts to smash anything breakable, e pictures on the walls. He stops at one particular picture intently at it. It's a glamor shot of Rosenberg's cat, pr on a satin pillow. There are a half dozen more pictures o posed with Rosenberg, some by itself. This animal was imp Rosenberg. From outside, the ROAR of an engine distracts Edgar. He t time to see the Orkin van lurch as the tow lifts its fron ground.
77) 17) text: Rosenberg said something about a galaxy on "Orion's belt." What's he talking about, Frank?