24) 0) text: This back room is every bit as mysterious and unfamiliar Standing at the front of the room is ZED, a wire-haired c old school bureaucrat, wearing the exact same kind of sui night. SIX OTHER HOT RECRUITS sit in egg-shaped chairs, s Edwards. One chair is empty.
24) 1) dialog: You're late. Sit down. Edwards takes the remaining chair. The elevator doors sli continues addressing the Recruits.
24) 2) dialog: My name is Zed. You're all here because you're the best of the best. Marines, Navy SEALS, Army Rangers...NYPD. They all turn and regard Edwards a little smugly. He give
24) 3) dialog: And we're looking for one of you. Just one. What will follow is a series of simple tests designed to quantify motor skills, hand-eye coordination, concentration, stamina -- I see we have a question. Edwards's hand is, indeed, up.
24) 5) dialog: Son?
24) 8) dialog: What's so funny, Edwards?
24) 11) text: Humorous. Sir. Short pause. Then Zed continues.
24) 12) dialog: Okay. Let's get going.
25) 0) text: The recruits scribble away at the written test. It's a th reasoning skills, general knowledge, diagrams.  The RECRU really powering through it, filling in answer after answe But no desks have been provided for them, and they're all chairs, writing uncomfortably on their thighs or knees. EDWARDS is really struggling. He writes two words on one decides to erase it. The lack of a writing surface is dri his pencil even TEARS through the page. He looks up. In the middle of the tile floor, there is an Edwards gets up, goes to it, grabs hold -- -- and drags it, SCREECHING DEAFENINGLY, back to his chai looks up, wincing at the horrible sound that fills the ro Edwards sits back down, now writing on the table.  That's Zed raises an eyebrow. He stares at Edwards, then looks u smoked glass window. Behind the dark glass, a FIGURE stan unemotional.
26) 5) text: Well, yeah, I know, but... And then .. suddenly -- The two far walls pull apart. The whole room pulsates and suddenly filled with a bewildering swirl of stroboscopic human and alien. Everywhere is color, light and movement mass of strange shapes and characters moving simultaneous The Recruits lunge for the weapons, snapping them up and SHOTS are fired at once. And then, a second later, a SEVE fired. Everyone sort of looks at Edwards, who puts his gu There's an awkward silence. Then the door opens. Light po with it. Even the highly competitive cadets can't help bu sympathy as Zed walks straight to Edwards.
26) 6) dialog: The hell happened?
26) 8) dialog: May I ask why you felt little Tiffany deserved to die?
26) 10) dialog: And how did you come to that conclusion?
27) 0) text: ZED and KAY stand behind smoked glass, staring at the REC still in the shooting gallery, waiting for a decision.
27) 1) dialog: He's got a real problem with authority.
27) 3) dialog: I hope you know what you're doing. Zed turns and walks away. Kay stares through the glass, a stands alone on one side of the room, apart from the rest Zed reappears on the other side of the glass, coming thro into the shooting gallery. As he talks, Kay turns and wal
27) 4) dialog: Congratulations, you're everything we've come to expect from years of government training. Now, if you'll just follow me, we have one more test to administer, an eye exam.
28) 0) text: The RECRUITS follow ZED out of the shooting gallery and i hallway. Zed motions them off to the left. EDWARDS is the the room, but he stops as he steps into the hallway. KAY is outside the door, waiting for him. Edwards recogni night.
28) 3) dialog: Now, if you'll look directly at the end of this device. He holds a neuralyzer up in front of them, and the Recrui obediently at it as Zed slips on a pair of black sunglass Edwards stares, fascinated, but Kay's hand reaches in and just as Zed's neuralyzer FLASHES WHITE.
29) 0) text: As KAY leads EDWARDS down an impossibly long corridor, he folder stuffed thick with eight by ten photographs. He hands Jay the first picture, a shot of eight or nine M suits standing around a fifties-style office with metal d fluorescent lights. DEE and ZED are there, much younger.
36) 30) dialog: What's your jacket size, Edwards?
36) 32) dialog: Then let's put it on.
36) 34) dialog: The last suit you'll ever wear.
37) 0) text: Like the rest of the place, the MIB locker room is all wh white floor, white ceiling, white lockers. ZED'S VOICE co
37) 1) dialog: From now on, you'll dress only in attire specially sanctioned by MIB Special Services. EDWARDS reaches out and opens a white locker, revealing a from a hanger in the middle. Above it, on the shelf, a BL pair of BLACK SUNGLASSES. On the bottom, a pair of SHINY
38) 1) dialog: You'll conform to the identity we give you, eat where we tell you, live where we tell you, get approval for any expenditure over a hundred dollars.
39) 1) dialog: You will have no identifying marks of any kind.  You will not stand out in any way.
40) 1) dialog: Your entire image is carefully crafted to leave no lasting memory whatsoever with anyone you encounter.
41) 1) dialog: You're a rumor, recognizable only as deja vu and dismissed just as quickly. You don't exist; you were never even born. The coat is removed. The hat comes off the shelf.
41) 2) dialog: Anonymity is your name. Silence your native tongue.
41) 4) dialog: You are no longer part of "the system." We're above the system. Over it. Beyond it. Feet slip into black shoes. A belt is buckled. A tie push
41) 5) dialog: We're "them." We're "they." On screen, all that's left is the letter "J." As the coat is buttoned, we notice the sleeve. Monogramme simply, the letter "J."
41) 6) dialog: We are the Men in Black.
44) 0) text: Zed's office is a circular, windowed room elevated above MIB headquarters. JAY and KAY sit across the desk from Ze video monitors on a wall behind Zed's desk, and on each m Man in Black, in different parts of the world, the city n ticking in a corner of the image. While Zed talks, he goes through paperwork on his desk.
44) 1) dialog: Okay, let's see. (to one of the monitors)
44) 4) dialog: You wish. Bring a sponge. (going through memos)
44) 6) dialog: Red-letter from last night -- we had an un-authorized landing somewhere in upstate New York farm country. Keep your ears open for this one, Kay, we're not hosting a galactic kegger down here. Next to him, his computer screen BEEPS importantly.  Zed
44) 7) dialog: Well, well, well -- we got a skimmer.
44) 9) text: Landed alien out of zone. (to Zed)
44) 11) dialog: Redgick. He's not cleared to leave Manhattan but he's way out of town right now, stuck in traffic on the New Jersey Turnpike. Why don't you take Jay? This is a good one for him to warm up on.
53) 8) text: Zed, we have a bug. He turns off the radio and sighs. Jay stands next to him.
69) 0) text: Despite the early hour, the headquarters is going full-bl screen displays the familiar grouping of stars that is th ORION. Jay and Kay hurry in -- Kay peels off to one of the monit for Zed.
69) 2) dialog: The twins keep us on Alpha Centaurian time -- a 37-hour day. Give it a few months -- you'll get used to it. Or you'll have a psychotic episode. He points up at the screen with a laser pencil.
69) 3) dialog: Here's Orion; the brightest grouping of stars in the northern sky... (pointing)
69) 6) dialog: There are no galaxies on Orion's belt. The belt is just these three stars; galaxies are huge, made up of billions of stars. (switches off the laser pointer)
69) 18) dialog: Kay. Jay and Kay cross back toward the LAD (Landed Alien Displ of the thousand or so Aliens who live on earth are repres flickering LIGHT. Some lights are starting to go out.
69) 21) dialog: We've had twelve jumps in the last hour. Redgick was just the beginning.
69) 32) dialog: (to the twins)
69) 35) dialog: And Kay -- take a lot of fire power. IN THE EQUIPMENT LOCKER Kay pulls out the ENORMOUS, MANY- GUN. A small, clear, canister sprouts from underneath it, swirling gases visible through its walls.
73) 6) text: Zed, we're gonna need a containment crew down here at McDougal, south of Houston.
74) 0) text: Back at Men in Black Headquarters, the little lights on t which indicate aliens' locations are going out, one by on every five or ten seconds. A WARNING BUZZER is sounding, and HUMAN STAFFERS are rushing left and right. ZED is in his office.
74) 1) dialog: Containment may be a moot point, my friend. The exodus continues. It's like the party's over and the last one to leave gets stuck with the check. Zed looks down to the vast floor below and sees the four suitcases walking across the floor.
74) 2) dialog: You sorry little ingrates!
74) 4) dialog: We've only translated a part of the message so far: "Deliver the Galaxy."
74) 6) dialog: Oh, it gets better... They're holding us responsible. He looks up at the screen. It reads:
74) 8) dialog: Another contestant has entered the ring.
96) 4) dialog: Same thing: "Deliver the galaxy."
97) 3) dialog: Arquillian battle rules, kid. First we get an ultimatum, then a warning shot, then we have a galactic standard week to respond.
97) 9) dialog: To keep the bugs from getting it, the Arquillians will destroy the galaxy and whatever planet it's on.
97) 11) dialog: Sucks, doesn't it?
97) 13) dialog: They're all gone. Frank the Pug took the last ship on the planet. As Kay and Zed watch as the machine scrolls through the d back towards the center of the room, deep in thought. Ove
97) 15) dialog: Gone.
97) 17) dialog: Gone.
97) 20) dialog: Gone.
97) 22) dialog: Gone.
97) 25) dialog: Gone, thank God.
127) 0) text: Jay knows what he has to do. He picks up a good-sized chu dislodged by the crashing saucer and hurls it at the Bug.
133) 0) text: Zed is standing at the console, a smile on his face. He g the console that displays alien arrivals and departures o red lights are coming back on.
133) 1) dialog: I think the word's already out. Our friends are coming back. (then)
133) 2) text: Got an authorized landing at Times Square. You and Jay check it out on the way back... And pick me up one of those soft pretzels, while you're at it. Extra salt. I feel like celebrating.