56) 4) dialog: EXT. MILLIE’S PANCAKE HOUSE - DAY 62 An 80's restaurant in a strip mall complex. A black SUV pulls in front. The DRIVER gets out to open t rear door but the door opens before he reaches it. EDWARD BALQ, 65, steps out wearing an off the rack suit and hold a large envelope. Balq checks his watch, speaks to the driver, holds up his phone. The driver nods, gets back in SUV as Balq enters the restaurant.
56) 5) text: Balgq is greeted with smiles and hellos. The OWNER shakes hand as he leads Balg to his regular table in the rear. Reverend Toller and Pastor Jeffers, seated together, look as Balq walks over, shakes Joel’s hand.
56) 6) dialog: Sorry I’m late. Got held up.
56) 8) dialog: Just by sight. Ed Balg. Good to meet you. Toller greets him as Ed sits.
56) 10) dialog: I stopped at the printer on the way over. The cover of the booklet features a 18th Century drawing First Reformed with the title: “First Reformed Church, 17 2015, 250 Years of Faith and Service.”
56) 12) dialog: All the guests at the reconsecration will get a copy. There'll also be a mailing. And of course it will be available in the bookstore. How are the plans coming?
56) 19) dialog: There won't be anything political will there?
56) 21) dialog: Do you mind? (they demur) I ask because this was brought to my attention. (unfolds a sheet of paper) It’s a print-out from a website. them a page from the Environmental Action website. a photo of Toller in his clerical robe on the Creek platform as Esther leads the Youth Choir. The reads: “Solemn Memorial for Michael Mensana.”
56) 24) dialog: At a toxic waste site with the press in attendance?
56) 26) dialog: It was a political act. You and the choir represented the Abundant Life Church. The Hanstown Kills site, by the way, is not even polluted. It was cleaned up with EPA superfunds.
56) 28) dialog: Of course not, but give me some credit. I’m in the energy business. It’s my business to stay informed.
56) 31) dialog: Go ahead.
56) 34) dialog: There’s a lot of loose talk about environmental change.
56) 37) dialog: It’s a complicated subject.
56) 39) dialog: Could we just agree to keep politics out of the reconsecration service?
56) 41) dialog: You know the mind of God? He spoke to you personally, told you His plans for earth? (shifts tone) Look, I understand you’re upset. You found the body, correct? Toller nods.
56) 46) dialog: You counseled him. Then he shot himself.
56) 48) dialog: I think you need to step back, Reverend. Look at your own life before you criticize others.
82) 0) text: Toller walks behind a school group touring the Balq paper mill. They watch as massive machines transform pulp into paper.
83) 0) text: Toller drives past the four story dark glass corporate headquarters: Balq Industries.
104) 0) text: Esther enters, John Elder’s organ music plays. Pastor Jeffers with his wife and children. Well scrubbed Abundant Life ushers guide the guests to their seats. Edward Balg, accompanied by his wife, grown son and daugh in-law, arrive and are deferentially accompanied to the church entrance by Balq employees. Toller watches. That seems about it. The guests are thinn out. Mary, alone, arrives wearing her nice coat. She is there. has come after all. She enters the church, looking for hi
106) 0) text: The last invited guests and VIPs are escorted to their se as John Elder plays. Each guest is handed a copy of the reconsecration booklet. Mary accepts hers. Mary, uncertain, unmoored, looks around for Toller. She watches as Balq speaks with Jeffers several pews ahead.