4) 0) text: The congregants shuffle from their pews, wait at the alta for communion. Among them are ESTHER, 40, a well dressed woman and MARY and MICHAEL, a working class couple in the twenties. Michael stands at a distance as Mary awaits the communion cup. An Older Man and Older Woman fill out the group. John Elder assists Toller as he offers the silver communi plate and tray holding bread squares and wine cups. Esther and Toller exchange looks as she accepts the wine.
5) 0) text: Toller removes his cassock and stole, hangs them in the closet beside an alb (white cassock). Underneath he wears he will always, a worn long sleeve black sweater and blac slacks. John Elder counts out the collection from the offertory, places the bills in a small lock box. The Vestry, like the sanctuary, shows age and use. One bi decor contrasts with the Old New England ambience of the room: a framed poster of the Abundant Life in Christ Chur of Fellowship, a mega church in a rural setting surrounde parking spaces. “We are Spirit-filled ... Non-denominatio «+. Evangelistic ... Welcoming.” A smiling photo of Joel Jeffers, “Head Pastor,” a fit black 60 year-old preacher dark T shirt, invites newcomers to services. Toller stacks the communion plate it on a shelf beside th collection plates.
5) 1) dialog: There is a leak in the men’s restroom.
5) 3) dialog: I was just there. It’s still leaking. Same place. Under the hot faucet.
5) 7) dialog: They don’t mind. That’s what they’re there for. You are totally within your budget.
5) 9) dialog: Have you posted the sermon?
5) 17) dialog: I‘'ll be right back. Elder exits, closing the door behind him. Mary is pregna
49) 0) text: John Elder plays the newly repaired pipe organ, starting the opening cords of “Old Rugged Cross.” A smile spreads across his face: “So I’ll cherish the old rugged cross, T my trophies at last I lay down...”
49) 1) dialog: This sounds great. I’m going to have to sharpen my chops for the reconsecration. Do you know what they want to play? 55 56
49) 3) dialog: Why him?
49) 6) dialog: He asked you?
56) 0) text: A line of cars are parked along a two lane road beside t brackish Kills. A makeshift platform has been erected bes the polluted greenish stream. The Hanstown paint factory, dilapidated, deserted, stands in the distance. A red triangular sign pictures a gas mask above the word “Pollution.” Twenty mourners have assembled for the memorial. For the part they are Michael's friends and fellow activists. Mar there with her parents, her sister and brother-in-law and their young child. As is Esther with her a capella choir group. A MOURNER records with a digital camera, panning from Tol to Mary’s nephew who reacts to the foul smelling creek. John Elder stands at his keyboard. Toller reads from his Bible:
62) 0) text: In the rear of the parsonage, John Elder goes through the trash, separating the glass, plastic and metal recyclable He cannot help but notice as he drops bottles into the bi One empty bottle of scotch after another. Followed by an empty bourbon bottle. EXT./INT. TOLLER’S CAR - INNER CITY - DAY (OMIT) 70
66) 2) dialog: He was out most of Friday.
66) 4) dialog: I kind of asked him but he didn’t volunteer anything. You know how he is.
66) 6) dialog: Esther.
66) 8) dialog: I know. 75 76 They reach the front of the church. The door outside is o Through the door Esther sees Toller speaking with Mary. H smiling. She is stung by jealousy.
95) 0) text: John Elder, kneeling beside the Plexiglas sign (“Will God Forgive Us?”), removes the letters.
104) 0) text: Esther enters, John Elder’s organ music plays. Pastor Jeffers with his wife and children. Well scrubbed Abundant Life ushers guide the guests to their seats. Edward Balg, accompanied by his wife, grown son and daugh in-law, arrive and are deferentially accompanied to the church entrance by Balq employees. Toller watches. That seems about it. The guests are thinn out. Mary, alone, arrives wearing her nice coat. She is there. has come after all. She enters the church, looking for hi
106) 0) text: The last invited guests and VIPs are escorted to their se as John Elder plays. Each guest is handed a copy of the reconsecration booklet. Mary accepts hers. Mary, uncertain, unmoored, looks around for Toller. She watches as Balq speaks with Jeffers several pews ahead.
110) 0) text: The Governor takes his seat in a place of privilege. He checks the program. All is ready. Pastor Jeffers, uneasy, approaches John Elder at the orga
110) 2) dialog: I don’t know. cur TO: