4) 0) text: The congregants shuffle from their pews, wait at the alta for communion. Among them are ESTHER, 40, a well dressed woman and MARY and MICHAEL, a working class couple in the twenties. Michael stands at a distance as Mary awaits the communion cup. An Older Man and Older Woman fill out the group. John Elder assists Toller as he offers the silver communi plate and tray holding bread squares and wine cups. Esther and Toller exchange looks as she accepts the wine.
27) 0) text: Inside the choir rehearsal room, Esther leads a group of teens, three boys and three girls of mixed backgrounds, listen as Esther leads on a capella version of “Washed in blood”. “WASHED IN THE BLOOD” “Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing pow’r, Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?”. The teen choir members, well scrubbed and fresh faces, br with adolescent sexuality. Reverend Toller slips into the room, silently nods to Est and takes a seat. The youth choir joins in on the next verse. A boy in the second row slowly moves his hand behind the back of the attractive girl behind him, letting his fingers, in time the lyrics, until it gently comes to rest above the crack her buttocks. She quickly brushes the boy’s hand away. 29 Toller, touched by the melody and lyrics, cannot help als drawn to the garden of slender thighs, bulging crotches, tight buttocks and pert breasts, each about to flower and bloom.
27) 1) dialog: Very good. Take five. She walks over to Toller:
27) 2) dialog: A penny for your thoughts. He snaps out of his reverie:
27) 4) dialog: Nothing serious, I hope.
27) 6) dialog: Want to have lunch?
27) 8) dialog: (looking at teens) Remember that?
27) 10) dialog: When everything was ahead of you.
27) 12) dialog: See you then. (to choir) “In the garden.”
29) 2) dialog: How was Jeffers?
29) 4) dialog: Why? Toller starts to speaks but is stopped by a short coughin fit. He resumes:
29) 6) dialog: He should. First Reformed would be a parking lot if it wasn’t for him. Did you see the doctor?
29) 7) text: I made an appointment. There was a holdup with the insurance. The insurance companies make it very hard. Esther is not quite sure this is the exact truth.
29) 8) dialog: Well, that’s what they do. You need someone to take care of you.
29) 10) dialog: For what? Love? You’re not made for love?
29) 12) dialog: No marriage can survive the loss of a child.
29) 14) dialog: Is that what you think? That what we did together was a sin? That we trangressed?
29) 16) dialog: (backs off) Okay. I understand. I care about you. I want you to be happy.
55) 0) text: Reverend Toller, wearing a clerical collar, white apron a white paper hat, stands next to another volunteer dishing hot lunches to a line of men and women on society’s margi sign reads, “The Free Meal Center. Volunteers and Donatio Support out Efforts.” Esther also works as a volunteer. She’s here because Toll is. She glances at him. He looks away. While doing so, he TIPS a lunch tray into the hands of a PARAPLEGIC WAR VET in a wheel chair. Soup and pork and be spill on the Vet’s lap and onto the floor. The Vet, unkept, bearded, wears military patches on his a jacket. A tiny American flag is fixed to the back of his wheel chair. Toller apologetically kneels down, attempting to right hi mistake. Esther joins bearing a roll of paper towels.
56) 0) text: A line of cars are parked along a two lane road beside t brackish Kills. A makeshift platform has been erected bes the polluted greenish stream. The Hanstown paint factory, dilapidated, deserted, stands in the distance. A red triangular sign pictures a gas mask above the word “Pollution.” Twenty mourners have assembled for the memorial. For the part they are Michael's friends and fellow activists. Mar there with her parents, her sister and brother-in-law and their young child. As is Esther with her a capella choir group. A MOURNER records with a digital camera, panning from Tol to Mary’s nephew who reacts to the foul smelling creek. John Elder stands at his keyboard. Toller reads from his Bible:
66) 3) dialog: He went to Albany? For his checkup?
66) 5) dialog: Perhaps I can check.
66) 7) dialog: It’s just that...
69) 3) dialog: I’ll be back in a bit. 79 80 She rises from her seat, walks out.
71) 0) text: Esther catches up with him.
71) 1) dialog: Reverend.
71) 3) dialog: I didn’t know you were coming.
71) 5) dialog: (nods ) I‘ll be at First Reformed. Stanley will be with the full choir here. The acoustics will be wonderful. I mean, wonderful. Did you hear from Albany?
71) 7) dialog: What did they say?
71) 9) dialog: A gastroscopy. How does she know this?
71) 11) dialog: (gives it up) I called. (explains) I’m worried about you. Toller opens the door to the Prayer Chapel, motions for h to follow. They step into the darkened austere room.
72) 2) dialog: I just want--
72) 4) dialog: Don’t make me do this.
72) 6) dialog: You don’t take care of yourself.
104) 0) text: Esther enters, John Elder’s organ music plays. Pastor Jeffers with his wife and children. Well scrubbed Abundant Life ushers guide the guests to their seats. Edward Balg, accompanied by his wife, grown son and daugh in-law, arrive and are deferentially accompanied to the church entrance by Balq employees. Toller watches. That seems about it. The guests are thinn out. Mary, alone, arrives wearing her nice coat. She is there. has come after all. She enters the church, looking for hi
116) 0) text: Esther sings a solo an a capella rendition of “Everlastin Arms.”
116) 1) dialog: “What a fellowship, what a joy divine, Leaning on the everlasting arms; What a blessedness, what a peace is mine, Leaning on the everlasting arms. (Youth Choir joins in) Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms; Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms.”
117) 2) dialog: “What have I to dread, what have I to fear, Leaning on the everlasting arms? I have blessed peace with my Lord so near, Leaning on the everlasting arms.” Mary approaches Toller. He steps forward, takes her in hi arms. The camera MOVES FOR THE FIRST TIME. It dollies forward a around, swimming with their embrace. She GASPS and presses her open mouth in SLOW MOTION to hi cheek. Toller responds to her carnal embrace in kind, devouring as the camera turns and turns and until it suddenly stops The screen goes BLACK.