5) 0) text: Toller removes his cassock and stole, hangs them in the closet beside an alb (white cassock). Underneath he wears he will always, a worn long sleeve black sweater and blac slacks. John Elder counts out the collection from the offertory, places the bills in a small lock box. The Vestry, like the sanctuary, shows age and use. One bi decor contrasts with the Old New England ambience of the room: a framed poster of the Abundant Life in Christ Chur of Fellowship, a mega church in a rural setting surrounde parking spaces. “We are Spirit-filled ... Non-denominatio «+. Evangelistic ... Welcoming.” A smiling photo of Joel Jeffers, “Head Pastor,” a fit black 60 year-old preacher dark T shirt, invites newcomers to services. Toller stacks the communion plate it on a shelf beside th collection plates.
25) 0) text: 27 28 The campus like environs of the Abundant Life in Christ Church of Christian Fellowship: a main Fellowship Hall, several ancillary buildings and acres of parking. A large sign lists the pastoral staff and hours of the services. Welcome.” “Lead Pastor Joel Jeffers.”
28) 0) text: 30 31 Toller walks down an office CORRIDOR. Voices and phones e from behind closed doors. His phone dings as he passes a young man carrying the hymnals. Toller checks his message “Michael called into work. Wants to reschedule meeting fo tomorrow. Mary.” Toller pockets his phone, enters the open door with the nameplate: “Joel Jeffers, Head Pastor.” INT. JEFFERS’ OUTER OFFICE - DAY 30 Two SECRETARIES sit at computer terminals in the carpeted room. The walls are meticulously hung with awards, commendation and famous photos. It feels like corporate headquarters. The FIRST SECRETARY looks, recognizes him with a smile:
28) 2) dialog: Rev. Toller. Good, sit down. (to Matt) Matt, make those two changes. Toller and Jeffers sit. Joel Jeffers has a charismatic presence. Fit, caramel-skinned, graying, he wears slacks a blue cardigan.
28) 3) dialog: Need water, anything? (Toller shakes his head) How are things at First Reformed?
28) 7) dialog: How's it coming?
28) 9) dialog: We’1l simulcast the ceremony here in the main hall. That’s five thousand seats. Have the reception afterward in the rotunda. Is the organ fixed?
28) 11) dialog: Can’t have a reconsecration without an organ. (pantomimes playing organ) “AR Mighty Fortress is Our God.” Do you know Martin Luther wrote that sitting in the outhouse. “A Mighty”... (grunt) “Fortress”... (grunt) “Is our God.”
28) 13) dialog: Can't get the image out of my mind. Every time we play that song I look at the congregation and know everybody is thinking the same thing. They laugh.
28) 14) dialog: Prepared your remarks yet?
28) 16) dialog: The memorial program comes off the press at the end of the month. We’re working on my address. When we have a draft I want to run it by you. Make sure everything is right. Ed Balq would like to meet with us, have a coffee.
28) 18) dialog: He thinks this is a real opportunity. An important moment in the history of the church, the county. There’1l be national media.
28) 20) dialog: How are you?
28) 22) dialog: I mean really. It’s been a while since we've spoken. Even a pastor needs a pastor. We’re overdue for a talk. Just you, me.
28) 24) dialog: You should come around more often. There are so many activities you could help with. The young people really like you. Get out of--what do the kids call it? The museum? 32
28) 26) dialog: You're doing a great thing.
28) 28) dialog: No, we thank you.
51) 0) text: 57 Toller wanders through the expansive Abundant Life bookst and gift shop. One wall displays Abundant Life publicatio Pastor Joel Jeffers smiling face beams from a wide assort of books, CDs and DVDs. Elsewhere clothes racks are hung Abundant Life hoodies, T-shirts and polos. He steps over to the counter which displays pen sets, wristbands and lanyards. The YOUNG FEMALE CLERK notices h
53) 0) text: Toller sips tea with Joel Jeffers in the near empty room. Lunch hour is past.
53) 2) dialog: Roger told me.
53) 4) dialog: He said you kept your cool. He admired you for doing that.
53) 6) dialog: It's the times. These are frightening times. These kids grow up in a world we can hardly imagine. A sea of pornography from the time they’re ten years old, hyper violent video games, a world without privacy, each kid isolated, communicating through media. A world without hope. Raised on a diet of terrorism, nuclear threats and global warming. You don’t know what it’s like to raise a kid in this--
53) 8) dialog: I didn’t mean it that way. They’re frightened. They want certainty. Don’t think, follow. They fall prey to extremism. Jihadism is everywhere. (gestures) Even here.
53) 10) dialog: Nor me. Our mission is to be inclusive. We are a union of believers. That’s why we have the architecture we do. We must listen, guide, encourage young members to express themselves and not judge them. We must lead by example. (beat) We must be patient.
56) 5) text: Balgq is greeted with smiles and hellos. The OWNER shakes hand as he leads Balg to his regular table in the rear. Reverend Toller and Pastor Jeffers, seated together, look as Balq walks over, shakes Joel’s hand.
56) 7) dialog: You know Reverend Toller.
56) 9) text: (to owner) Bring me a coffee. And the apple pie. (to Toller and Jeffers) The apple pie--I know it’s a cliche. Organic. They make it right here. Local. (beat) I’ve got a surprise for you. Balgq sets his phone on the table top, opens the manila envelope. He extracts two 8x11 softbound books, passes th over:
56) 11) dialog: They did a great job. Toller and Jeffers page through the handsome booklet. The are photos from colonial times, the fire of 1837, a lake church picnic, a funeral in the churchyard. On the back c is a picture of Abundant Life and insert photo of Pastor Jeffers.
56) 13) dialog: The organ’s been repaired?
56) 15) dialog: We've drawn up a seating chart. Jeffers passes the seating chart to Balgq who gives it a once over as a WAITRESS brings his coffee and pie.
56) 18) dialog: ...Reverend Toller will introduce me, I’1l introduce the Governor. There will be a song selection. The main choir will perform at Abundant Life--
56) 20) dialog: No, why would there be? Balg picks up a fork, turns to them: He shows It shows Hanstown headline
56) 22) text: Both First Reformed and Abundant Life are mentioned by name. (Pause for effect) This was a political event. Neil Young? Jeffers looks to Toller.
56) 27) dialog: Hanstown was not--—?
56) 29) dialog: Sorry. Reverend Toller didn’t understand the implications. They turn to Toller for a response.
56) 42) dialog: How?
69) 0) text: State of the art communications hub. Sign on the wall: “B Media Center.” Media center employees sit at high tech work stations. A global Plexiglas map with sparkling lights and lines illustrates the worldwide evangelical partners of the Abundant Life Church. Joel Jeffers, dressed casually, addresses the camera in a SMALL STUDIO. A CAMERA ASSISTANT claps an electronic clapboard saying:
69) 2) dialog: “Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fret--it only leads to evil. Psalm 37:8. We tend to think that a little anxiety and worry are simply an indication of how wise we are yet it’s a much better indication of how wicked we are. Fretting arises from our determination to have our own way. Our Lord never worried and was never anxious, because His purpose was never to accomplish his own plans but to fulfill God's plans...” Esther looks out door, notices Toller walking down the corridor. She says to Mixer:
98) 0) text: Toller’s Toyota pulls into the parking lot. INT. JEFFERS’ OFFICE - DAY Toller enters Joel’s inner office.
98) 1) dialog: Close the door. Take a seat.
98) 4) dialog: We're concerned about you.
98) 6) dialog: How’s your health?
98) 8) dialog: You didn’t get the results? Toller shakes his head, eyeing Jeffers. Where is he getti his information?
98) 9) dialog: How’s your diet? To be honest, you don’t look so good.
98) 11) dialog: I hear you’ve been drinking.
98) 13) dialog: Wine? That’s not advisable for a man with stomach problems.
98) 15) dialog: You're always in the Garden. Toller: Huh? JEFFERS (CONT’D) Jesus wasn’t always in the Garden, on his knees, sweating drops of blood. No, he was on the Mount, in the temple, in the marketplace. But you're always in the Garden. For you every hour is the Darkest Hour. Don’t confuse Post Traumatic Stress with the Holy Agony.
98) 17) dialog: Jesus doesn’t want our suffering. He suffered for us. He wants obedience and commitment.
98) 20) dialog: “The creation waits in eager expectation of liberation from bondage. The whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now.”
98) 22) dialog: You don’t live in the real world. You’re a minister in a tourist church that no one attends. Do you have any idea what goes into the work of God? What it takes to maintain a mission such as this? The daily cost, the staffing, the outreach? How many people we reach each day? Who’s that priest you like so much? Thomas Merton? He didn’t live in the real world either. He was a monk. He lived in a monastery in Kentucky and wrote books.
98) 24) dialog: And what if this is His plan? What if we can’t see it?
98) 26) dialog: He did once. For forty days and forty nights. That hangs in the air a moment. Jeffers changes tack, off solicitude:
98) 29) dialog: Ed Balq has decided he’d like to make a few comments. The Governor would introduce him. Is that a problem?
98) 31) dialog: Good. We’1l get through this reconsecration--it’s going to be special--then we can deal with these other issues.
104) 0) text: Esther enters, John Elder’s organ music plays. Pastor Jeffers with his wife and children. Well scrubbed Abundant Life ushers guide the guests to their seats. Edward Balg, accompanied by his wife, grown son and daugh in-law, arrive and are deferentially accompanied to the church entrance by Balq employees. Toller watches. That seems about it. The guests are thinn out. Mary, alone, arrives wearing her nice coat. She is there. has come after all. She enters the church, looking for hi
106) 0) text: The last invited guests and VIPs are escorted to their se as John Elder plays. Each guest is handed a copy of the reconsecration booklet. Mary accepts hers. Mary, uncertain, unmoored, looks around for Toller. She watches as Balq speaks with Jeffers several pews ahead.
110) 0) text: The Governor takes his seat in a place of privilege. He checks the program. All is ready. Pastor Jeffers, uneasy, approaches John Elder at the orga
110) 1) dialog: Where is he?
111) 0) text: 126 127 128 129 Joel Jeffers exits the sanctuary, crosses the CHURCHYARD the PARSONAGE. Jeffers RINGS the bell, KNOCKS on the door
111) 1) dialog: Toller! No response.
112) 0) text: Toller, at his desk, listens in semi-darkness. silence. Jeffers has left. Toller stands.
113) 3) dialog: Let’s begin.