4) 0) text: The congregants shuffle from their pews, wait at the alta for communion. Among them are ESTHER, 40, a well dressed woman and MARY and MICHAEL, a working class couple in the twenties. Michael stands at a distance as Mary awaits the communion cup. An Older Man and Older Woman fill out the group. John Elder assists Toller as he offers the silver communi plate and tray holding bread squares and wine cups. Esther and Toller exchange looks as she accepts the wine.
5) 12) dialog: Reverend?
5) 14) dialog: Mary Mensana.
5) 16) dialog: I wanted to talk... John Elder excuses himself.
5) 19) dialog: I wonder if you could speak with Michael, my husband.
5) 21) dialog: Not now. He’s got to go to Home Depot and work. He’s filling in.
5) 23) dialog: (she sits) I’m worried about him. (he waits) He’s involved with the Green planet movement. (Toller nods) He was in jail in Canada. He got out a couple of weeks ago. He just sits at home. He doesn’t go out. I got him to fill out a temp form for Home Depot, so that’s good.
5) 25) dialog: No, he won’t see them. He says they are more like a company than a church. He said he’d talk to you.
5) 27) dialog: (nods ) After lunchtime.
5) 30) dialog: He applied for Compassionate Release when he found out. He was at Ft. Providence. They let him out two weeks ago.
5) 32) dialog: That I was pregnant. (beat) He says it’s wrong to bring a child into this world. (beat) He wants to kill my baby. cur TO:
12) 0) text: A woman walking a dog passes. Toller parks in the drive o modest house, goes to the front door, rings the bell. Mary answers the door, They speak. He enters.
13) 0) text: Inside the house, Toller looks around as he hands Mary hi coat. A framed photo of Mary and Michael side by side han by door.
13) 1) dialog: Thanks for coming. (about photos) Our honeymoon. A bike honeymoon. Michael Mensana joins them. He wears khakis and a checked shirt.
13) 3) dialog: Thanks for coming. Would you like some coffee? Toller is concerned about his stomach:
13) 5) dialog: I think we have some tea.
28) 0) text: 30 31 Toller walks down an office CORRIDOR. Voices and phones e from behind closed doors. His phone dings as he passes a young man carrying the hymnals. Toller checks his message “Michael called into work. Wants to reschedule meeting fo tomorrow. Mary.” Toller pockets his phone, enters the open door with the nameplate: “Joel Jeffers, Head Pastor.” INT. JEFFERS’ OUTER OFFICE - DAY 30 Two SECRETARIES sit at computer terminals in the carpeted room. The walls are meticulously hung with awards, commendation and famous photos. It feels like corporate headquarters. The FIRST SECRETARY looks, recognizes him with a smile:
32) 1) dialog: Reverend Toller?
32) 3) dialog: It’s me.
32) 5) dialog: You must come over. Now.
32) 7) dialog: No, he’s at work. You must come over. Now.
33) 0) text: The winter light is fading as Toller pulls into Michael a Mary's driveway. She stands on the front porch. Toller approaches her.
33) 1) dialog: Follow me. They walk around the house to the clapboard GARAGE out ba She opens the creaky garage door. They step inside.
34) 0) text: Mary flips on and overhead bulb. The interior is a collag tools, trash and abandoned projects. Two well maintained aluminum bikes hang on wall racks.
34) 1) dialog: I was looking for some batteries. We were out and I thought there might be some here, you know, Mary works her way through stacks of junk as she reaches far end of the garage where a rectangular wooden box like those used to transport Western rifles is stacked with discarded items.
34) 2) dialog: I put everything back just as I found it. I wanted you to see it just as it was. Mary places the objects atop the box on the concrete floo then opens the box itself. Toller looks inside, not sure what he sees. She lifts the item inside out so that Toller can see it. immediately recognizable from news reports and Hollywood movies.
34) 4) dialog: A suicide vest. Other elements are here. Batteries, detonators, tubes of jelly. Toller looks closer.
34) 5) dialog: He’s been working in the garage. He said he was fixing a motor. I didn’t question him. He’s been so lonely lately I was happy he found something that made him happy. Toller furrows his brow. What to say?
34) 7) dialog: No. No suspicion. Nothing like this. (looks away) I can’t believe this.
34) 9) dialog: No.
34) 11) dialog: Later tonight. After closing. Ten PM.
34) 13) dialog: Are you going to the police?
34) 15) dialog: No.
34) 17) dialog: I'm so frightened.
34) 19) dialog: I’m afraid for him.
34) 21) dialog: Nobody. He has no friends. He’s been barely sociable.
34) 23) dialog: Absolutely.
40) 6) dialog: No.
40) 8) dialog: He’s out.
40) 10) dialog: Yes. He left without saying anything this morning. (beat) Reverend?
40) 12) dialog: He was up during the night. cur TO:
44) 0) text: Toller and the Sheriff stand on the porch speaking with M Toller holds her as she sobs. After a few more moments the Sheriff excuses himself and walks to his patrol car. Drives off. Toller and Mary step inside.
45) 1) dialog: Have you told anyone?
45) 5) dialog: My sister. She’s in Buffalo.
45) 7) dialog: Yes.
45) 9) dialog: No.
45) 11) dialog: He left a message for you. She walks in Michael’s office, returns with a sealed lett envelope, hands it to him. It’s labeled: “For Reverend Toller” Toller hesitates, then unseals the envelope. The letter reads:
45) 15) dialog: He was absent. He was becoming someone I didn’t know. Even before I was pregnant. He was so full of anger.
56) 0) text: A line of cars are parked along a two lane road beside t brackish Kills. A makeshift platform has been erected bes the polluted greenish stream. The Hanstown paint factory, dilapidated, deserted, stands in the distance. A red triangular sign pictures a gas mask above the word “Pollution.” Twenty mourners have assembled for the memorial. For the part they are Michael's friends and fellow activists. Mar there with her parents, her sister and brother-in-law and their young child. As is Esther with her a capella choir group. A MOURNER records with a digital camera, panning from Tol to Mary’s nephew who reacts to the foul smelling creek. John Elder stands at his keyboard. Toller reads from his Bible:
57) 0) text: Reverend Toller and Mary, bundled up, bicycle along an idyllic rail trail converted for jogging and cycling. She smiles. Toller downshifts, relaxes. For the moment th seem to have left their cares behind.
58) 0) text: Mary watches Toller lift an aluminum bike, place it on t wall rack in the GARAGE.
58) 1) dialog: Thank you again. Michael and I used to cycle twice a week. I missed it so much.
58) 3) dialog: Because? (indicates her stomach) I asked my doctor.
58) 5) dialog: Can I ask another favor?
58) 7) dialog: Would you box up Michael’s clothes? Or find someone to do it?
58) 9) dialog: Not give it away. Just box them up. It just so difficult to be surrounded by all those smells. Memories.
58) 12) dialog: The rent is paid for two months so there’s no hurry. I’11l move in with my sister and brother-in-law until the baby is born.
58) 14) dialog: I don’t know. She’s already contacted an obstetrician.
58) 16) dialog: My next visit I‘'11 find out.
59) 2) dialog: He'd been involved in non violent protests, we both had, he’d been put in jail. He could lose his temper, start yelling at the police. But no, I don’t think he was violent.
59) 4) dialog: He did not want to live. (Toller nods) He was not a religious man, you know. He didn’t care for the church. That was me. I was the one who asked him to come. I was raised in the church and I’ve never been able to quite let it go. When I’m in a strange city I'll just go ina church and sit down. I was the spiritual one. 67
59) 5) dialog: Thanks.
59) 7) dialog: Before you go, would you pray with me? He appears uncertain.
59) 8) dialog: I find it difficult to do alone. The words don’t come. Are you uncomfortable with me asking that?
66) 0) text: Ten worshipers are assembled in the SANCTUARY. Mary, wear a smart coat, sits alone. Reverend Toller, sitting in the first pew, takes an antia from his pocket, slips it in his mouth. TIMECUT. Toller, at the pulpit, reads from the lectern Bi
85) 2) dialog: Can I come in?
85) 5) dialog: No. She sits on the only chair. Toller sets down the coat, tu toward her.
85) 6) dialog: I'm frightened. I’m frightened of everything. (beat) I woke up. My heart was pounding. I thought the ceiling was going to fall in. I had to get out. I drove around. (MORE )
85) 9) dialog: (Shakes ad) Without any reason. It’s like a dark curtain just...fell. Everything scares me. The news on TV, a conversation, the weather.
85) 11) dialog: He prescribed antidepressants. He said they were safe. Well, he said it was highly unlikely it would hurt Michael.
85) 13) dialog: The baby. It’s a boy. I didn’t tell you?
85) 15) dialog: But I don’t want to take anything which may affect the baby.
85) 17) dialog: I can’t stop my thoughts. They just go on and on and repeat and repeat.
85) 19) dialog: A little. But not like this. Michael seemed so strong. (MORE )
85) 21) dialog: I read online that they used to believe pregnancy made you happy but now they feel it just makes your feelings more extreme.
85) 23) dialog: You mean before?
85) 25) dialog: He listened. He was kind. We did something we called the Magical Mystery Tour. It sounds silly. We'd share a joint then we would lie on top of each other fully clothed. Try to get as much body to body contact as possible. He also called it the 80% Solution. Hands out, look each right into the eyes. Then move our eyes in unison, right, left, right, left. And breathe in rhythm.
85) 27) dialog: No, I didn’t mean it that way. (shamefaced) Well. Yes. I guess I did.
85) 29) dialog: But without the marihuana.
85) 31) dialog: Lie on your back with your arms and legs stretched out.
85) 34) dialog: No, just listen to the breaths. Toller gets on the carpet, stretches out. Mary stands, removes her coat, then carefully lowers herself atop him. Forehead to forehead, finger to finger, thigh and leg to thigh and leg. Her baby against his belly. She stares deep into his eyes. He breathes slowly. He pac his breaths to match hers. She moves her eyes left to right. He syncs his eye moveme with hers. She looks right to left, he looks right to lef They slip into a meditative trance. Breathe in, breathe o A single organism. Slowly, they LEVITATE. They float horizontally three feet above the floor. Then they ROTATE 360 degrees, not moving a fraction. Side side, Toller uppermost, side by side, Mary on top again. Then the PARSONAGE FALLS AWAY and they are in flight acro the face of the earth. They FLOAT across the wonders on earth, the peaks of the Himalayas, the Ignacu Falls, the fertile jungles of Amazo and Australian outback. And the hideous spoilage man has wreaked: the waste dumps India, the choking smog of China, the toxic rivers of Indonesia, the oil coated birds and fish of the Gulf Coas
99) 0) text: Mary’s house.
100) 0) text: Toller and Mary stand surrounded by moving boxes. Pause.
100) 1) dialog: You will come to Buffalo?
100) 3) dialog: You have been a help to me.
100) 6) dialog: Thank you so much. Heads toward door.
100) 8) dialog: I’m going to stay for the reconsecration ceremony on Sunday.
100) 10) dialog: I want to.
100) 12) dialog: You have been there for me. I want to be there for you.
100) 14) dialog: But you’re going?
100) 16) dialog: Then I’11 come.
100) 18) dialog: (relents) Okay.
104) 0) text: Esther enters, John Elder’s organ music plays. Pastor Jeffers with his wife and children. Well scrubbed Abundant Life ushers guide the guests to their seats. Edward Balg, accompanied by his wife, grown son and daugh in-law, arrive and are deferentially accompanied to the church entrance by Balq employees. Toller watches. That seems about it. The guests are thinn out. Mary, alone, arrives wearing her nice coat. She is there. has come after all. She enters the church, looking for hi
106) 0) text: The last invited guests and VIPs are escorted to their se as John Elder plays. Each guest is handed a copy of the reconsecration booklet. Mary accepts hers. Mary, uncertain, unmoored, looks around for Toller. She watches as Balq speaks with Jeffers several pews ahead.
117) 0) text: At the table, he looks at the open can of Drano, prepares drink. He raises the bottle to his lips. Prepares to chug down. The door RATTLES, then opens. He looks up. Mary enters. The Drano drops from his hand, spills across the floor.
117) 1) dialog: Ernst? He stands.