4) 0) text: The congregants shuffle from their pews, wait at the alta for communion. Among them are ESTHER, 40, a well dressed woman and MARY and MICHAEL, a working class couple in the twenties. Michael stands at a distance as Mary awaits the communion cup. An Older Man and Older Woman fill out the group. John Elder assists Toller as he offers the silver communi plate and tray holding bread squares and wine cups. Esther and Toller exchange looks as she accepts the wine.
13) 0) text: Inside the house, Toller looks around as he hands Mary hi coat. A framed photo of Mary and Michael side by side han by door.
13) 2) dialog: Ireland. They exchange greetings.
14) 0) text: They sit in the cramped space. The room is filled with b literature and announcements about ecological activism. Comparative graphs and global maps show the projected consequences of global warming: the rise of the oceans, drought, vanishing species, migratory patterns. Michael, uncomfortable, shifts his weight:
14) 1) dialog: I don’t know why Mary...
14) 3) dialog: Ft. Providence. That is in the Mackenzie Delta, way to the north.
14) 5) dialog: It is. Beat.
14) 7) dialog: “Things?” You could say that, yes. Mary, tapping on the door, enters with a cup of coffee an another cup of tea. She closes the door behind her. MICHAEL (CONT’D) Mary is pregnant.
14) 9) dialog: Twenty weeks. How old are you, Reverend? (beat)
14) 11) dialog: Thirty-five. (beat) (MORE )
14) 14) dialog: You think? (Toller waits) The world is changing fast. Right in front of us. One third of the natural world has been destroyed in your lifetime. The earth’s temperature will be three degrees centigrade higher. Four is the threshold. Michael hands him a printout resting beside the keyboard:
14) 15) dialog: ...“severe, widespread, and irreversible impacts”--when scientists use words like that--the National Center of Atmospheric Research, Lawrence Livermore, the Potsdam Institute... Michael stands, hands Toller reports from various agencie speaks as he walks. A GIF plays on Michael’s computer scr the computer animation displays the mutating planet from to 2050--less green, less ice, more flooding, more drough decade by decade. Toller speaks over:
14) 17) text: .-the bad times will begin. From that point everything moves very quickly. The social structure will not bear the stress of multiple crises. Opportunistic diseases. Anarchy. Martial law. The tipping point. This isn’t some distant future. You will live to see this. My children will experience this...unlivability. And the behavior it causes...this... Toller waits until Michael pauses and sits. Michael reali he has begun to repeat himself.
14) 18) dialog: I thought something could be done. I thought people would listen.
14) 20) dialog: Yes.
14) 22) dialog: I respect you. I respect what you've... been through.
14) 24) dialog: No. Did Mary say that?
14) 26) dialog: I’m not worried for myself. This world will be what it is. (MORE )
14) 31) dialog: Yes.
14) 33) dialog: But this is something new.
14) 36) dialog: Yes.
14) 38) dialog: Yeah. They continue as Toller speaks over:
14) 40) dialog: «+-Do you believe in martyrdom, Reverend?
14) 44) dialog: Every week activists are killed protecting the environment. One hundred and seventeen last year. For their beliefs. Michael points to a photo of a framed middle-aged Brazili couple posing in an Amazonian logging camp. Black ribbon curtains the upper corners.
14) 45) dialog: José Claudio Ribeiro da Silva and his wife Maria were gunned down in 2011 in the Amazon. They protested free cutting of the rain forest. Dorothy Stang, 2005, a nun from Ohio. What was the purpose of their deaths? In 2010 the IPCC predicted that if dramatic action was not taken by 2015, environmental collapse would be irreversible. Nothing was done. It’s now 2017.
14) 47) dialog: Yes.
14) 49) dialog: You were a chaplain.
14) 54) dialog: What was his name? Your son?
14) 56) dialog: That’s right.
14) 58) dialog: And you were able to go on?
14) 61) dialog: Are you a drinking man, Reverend? He’s inviting Toller to join him.
14) 63) dialog: No, I suppose not. Toller finishes the last of his tea.
14) 65) dialog: Can God forgive us? For what we have done to this world?
14) 68) dialog: Okay.
14) 70) dialog: I haven't heard.
14) 72) dialog: Yes. It’s a plan. Toller stands and, unsure what to do, awkwardly embraces Michael. Michael responds. Toller opens the door, exits, closes the door behind him. cur TO:
28) 0) text: 30 31 Toller walks down an office CORRIDOR. Voices and phones e from behind closed doors. His phone dings as he passes a young man carrying the hymnals. Toller checks his message “Michael called into work. Wants to reschedule meeting fo tomorrow. Mary.” Toller pockets his phone, enters the open door with the nameplate: “Joel Jeffers, Head Pastor.” INT. JEFFERS’ OUTER OFFICE - DAY 30 Two SECRETARIES sit at computer terminals in the carpeted room. The walls are meticulously hung with awards, commendation and famous photos. It feels like corporate headquarters. The FIRST SECRETARY looks, recognizes him with a smile:
33) 0) text: The winter light is fading as Toller pulls into Michael a Mary's driveway. She stands on the front porch. Toller approaches her.
43) 0) text: The area around Michael’s body has been cordoned off with crime scene tape. Two EMS workers lug a stretcher up the as a crime scene photographer takes pictures. Toller stands beside the local SHERIFF. The Sheriff, hold Michael Mensana’s wallet, looks at the phone text message Toller shows him.
45) 3) text: I share Michael’s beliefs. But I want to live. I want to be a mother. I want to have this child.
45) 12) dialog: Last Will and Testament Instructions for My Internment Toller winces.
56) 0) text: A line of cars are parked along a two lane road beside t brackish Kills. A makeshift platform has been erected bes the polluted greenish stream. The Hanstown paint factory, dilapidated, deserted, stands in the distance. A red triangular sign pictures a gas mask above the word “Pollution.” Twenty mourners have assembled for the memorial. For the part they are Michael's friends and fellow activists. Mar there with her parents, her sister and brother-in-law and their young child. As is Esther with her a capella choir group. A MOURNER records with a digital camera, panning from Tol to Mary’s nephew who reacts to the foul smelling creek. John Elder stands at his keyboard. Toller reads from his Bible:
56) 33) text: That was the question Michael Mensana asked me when I visited him.
86) 0) text: Which gives way to Michael standing beside the polluted Kills.
94) 0) text: The sun rises. Toller is at HANSTOWN Kills, the polluted stream where Michael’s ashes were spread.
102) 0) text: He straps the suicide vest on over his black T shirt. He sewn two additional patches onto the vest. The embroidere image of his son PFC Joseph Toller and Michael Mensana.