0) 0) text: TOLLER, early 40's, a cleric, dressed in a worn black clerical garb like a small town judge, tends the historic cemetery of historic First Reformed Church, upstate New Y his face like a half rubbed away engraving on those tombstones, revealed in degrees of shadow. His angular bo lists to the right, as if resisting weight. He is in Agon And he writes.
2) 1) dialog: I will keep this diary for one year, twelve months and at the end of that time it will be destroyed. Shredded, then burnt. The experiment will be over. “Pass Me Not” draws to a finish. JOHN ELDER, 60, the stee guitarist, steps back and takes a seat. Wider angles reveal the nature of the sanctuary, a functi colonial rectangle lined with white painted pews. High stained glass windows let light in from above. The walls lined with memorial plaques and remembrances. Seven PARISHIONERS stand in the pews. Three single elder worshippers, one middle aged couple and one younger coupl token turnout at best. Reverend Toller, dressed in a collarless cassock, stands the pulpit. He reads from the Heidelberg Catechism:
2) 2) dialog: “What is thy only comfort in life and death?” The parishioners, Psalter books in hand, join in the response, their voices a communal mumble:
3) 0) text: Toller writes in his journal. His voice plays over the reading of the Catechism:
3) 1) dialog: These thoughts and recollections are not so different from those I confide to God every morning, when it is possible, when he is listening...
4) 0) text: The congregants shuffle from their pews, wait at the alta for communion. Among them are ESTHER, 40, a well dressed woman and MARY and MICHAEL, a working class couple in the twenties. Michael stands at a distance as Mary awaits the communion cup. An Older Man and Older Woman fill out the group. John Elder assists Toller as he offers the silver communi plate and tray holding bread squares and wine cups. Esther and Toller exchange looks as she accepts the wine.
5) 0) text: Toller removes his cassock and stole, hangs them in the closet beside an alb (white cassock). Underneath he wears he will always, a worn long sleeve black sweater and blac slacks. John Elder counts out the collection from the offertory, places the bills in a small lock box. The Vestry, like the sanctuary, shows age and use. One bi decor contrasts with the Old New England ambience of the room: a framed poster of the Abundant Life in Christ Chur of Fellowship, a mega church in a rural setting surrounde parking spaces. “We are Spirit-filled ... Non-denominatio «+. Evangelistic ... Welcoming.” A smiling photo of Joel Jeffers, “Head Pastor,” a fit black 60 year-old preacher dark T shirt, invites newcomers to services. Toller stacks the communion plate it on a shelf beside th collection plates.
5) 2) dialog: I fixed it.
5) 4) dialog: Did you check the women’s?
5) 6) dialog: Let me have a go at it again. I don’t like to be always asking Abundant Life for little costs here and there.
5) 8) dialog: Still...
5) 10) dialog: I did it this morning. A KNOCK on the door.
5) 11) dialog: Yes? (beat) Come in. MARY MENSANA, 30, seen during the service, pokes her head into the Vestry. Behind her, MICHAEL MENSANA, 30, sits in pew.
5) 13) dialog: Come in. Mary, right?
5) 15) dialog: Nice to see you again.
5) 18) dialog: What is it?
5) 20) dialog: Of course. Ask him to come in.
5) 22) dialog: Mary, what is it?
5) 24) dialog: Are you sure you wouldn’t rather go to Abundant Life? They have a staff of counsellors who are much more exper ienced--
5) 26) dialog: Of course. Tomorrow?
5) 28) dialog: I’1l come to you. (she nods) I’1ll need your address. (MORE )
5) 31) dialog: Found out what?
7) 0) text: Toller writes in his journal:
9) 0) text: Toller pours himself a glass of scotch, sips it. Toller’s bed, unmade, messy, empty.
9) 1) dialog: I look at the lines I last wrote with disdain. Twelve months? Can I keep up an exercise that long? I read these words and see not truth but pride. CLOSEUP: diary.
9) 2) dialog: I wish I had not used the word pride. But I cannot cross it out. If only I could pray.
9) 4) dialog: 
12) 0) text: A woman walking a dog passes. Toller parks in the drive o modest house, goes to the front door, rings the bell. Mary answers the door, They speak. He enters.
13) 0) text: Inside the house, Toller looks around as he hands Mary hi coat. A framed photo of Mary and Michael side by side han by door.
13) 4) dialog: Yes, but...
13) 6) dialog: That would be better. Mary heads toward the kitchen as Michael leads Toller int small office.
14) 2) dialog: No reason to apologize. You've been in Canada?
14) 4) dialog: Beautiful country, I imagine.
14) 6) dialog: Mary says things have gotten you down.
14) 8) dialog: I noticed. How far along is she?
14) 10) dialog: Forty-two.
14) 13) dialog: It’s hard to imagine.
14) 16) dialog: He went on for some time like that. By 2050 sea levels two feet higher on the East Coast. Low lying areas underwater across the world. Bangladesh, twenty percent loss of land mass. Central Africa, fifty percent reduction in crops due to drought. The western reservoirs dried up. Climate change refugees. Epidemics. Extreme weather. CLOSEUP of wall map as Toller speaks over. Chart depicts ecological “Nine Planetary Boundaries” which lie between mankind and extinction. Of these four (i.e., “ocean acidification”) have been crossed “beyond the zone of uncertainty.” Three are within the zone of uncertainty, t are as yet undetermined.
14) 17) text: .-the bad times will begin. From that point everything moves very quickly. The social structure will not bear the stress of multiple crises. Opportunistic diseases. Anarchy. Martial law. The tipping point. This isn’t some distant future. You will live to see this. My children will experience this...unlivability. And the behavior it causes...this... Toller waits until Michael pauses and sits. Michael reali he has begun to repeat himself.
14) 19) dialog: Mary said you would be willing to talk to me?
14) 21) dialog: Why is that?
14) 23) dialog: Do you have thoughts of harming yourself?
14) 25) dialog: No, she didn’t.
14) 28) dialog: You say what a father has always said. “I love you without qualification.” Michael responds with a sardonic smile.
14) 29) dialog: There is something growing inside Mary. Something as surely alive as a tree or an endangered species. Something filled with nature’s beauty. You speak of “sanctioning” this birth-- is it really your decision? Do you have that right? What does Mary think? Michael doesn’t answer.
14) 30) dialog: It is her decision?
14) 32) dialog: You've told her that? (Michael nods) So it is not about the child. Or about Mary. It is about you and your despair. Your lack of hope. (beat) Throughout history humans have woken up in the dead of night, confronted by blackness. The sense that life is without meaning. The Suffering Unto Death.
14) 35) dialog: Do you believe there is existence apart from this...? Gestures to indicate the material world.
14) 37) dialog: Before us? After us?
14) 39) dialog: I felt like I was Jacob wrestling all night long with the angel. Fighting in the grasp. Every sentence, every question, every response a mortal struggle. Fighting for existence itself. It was exhilarating. Michael brings us back to the moment:
14) 41) dialog: I’m not sure what you mean.
14) 43) dialog: I do.
14) 46) dialog: You said you respected me. What I'd gone through.
14) 48) dialog: You know my story?
14) 50) dialog: My father taught at VMI. I encouraged my son to enlist. It was the family tradition. Like his father, his grandfather. Patriotic tradition. My wife was very opposed. But he enlisted against her wishes. (MORE )
14) 52) dialog: Six months later he was killed in Iraq. There was no moral justification for this conflict. My wife could not live with me after that. Who could blame her? I left the military. Rev Jeffers at Abundant Life Church heard about my situation. They offered me a position at First Reformed. And here I am.
14) 53) dialog: Michael, whatever despair you feel about bringing a child into this world cannot equal the despair of taking a child out of it.
14) 55) dialog: Joseph.
14) 57) dialog: The boy thrown in the well.
14) 59) dialog: The Old Calvinists used to preach a doctrine called the “Unforgiveable Sin.” You don’t hear about it any more. It was the sin against the Holy Spirit. It was the sin against Hope. The only sin that lies beyond forgiveness. (beat) It comes down to choice. We choose hope or despair. We cannot avoid choosing. We are not free to not decide. It’s what we truly are. Courage is the solution to despair. (beat) Reason offers no answers. We cannot be certain what the future holds. We must choose despite uncertainty. (MORE )
14) 62) dialog: It doesn’t help.
14) 64) dialog: I’ll stay as long as you need me. There’s no place I need to be.
14) 66) dialog: I don’t know. Who can know the mind of God? Perhaps we are a way station. But we can choose. To live the righteous life, to believe, to forgive. Grace covers us all. Michael looks away. Checks his watch.
14) 67) dialog: We will speak again. Promise me that. (Michael hesitates) I won’t leave until you promise.
14) 69) dialog: Tomorrow at this time. After lunch. (Michael nods) Are you working tomorrow? 16 17
14) 71) dialog: So it’s a plan then. Tomorrow at this time.
16) 0) text: Toller writes in his journal by incandescent light. We se some of his words in closeup as he writes them. A glass o scotch rests on the table beside him.
16) 1) dialog: I went over everything that was said, what should have been said, what could have been said differently, what could have been said better. He takes a sip.
16) 2) dialog: Despair is a form of pride. “I know that nothing can change and I know there is no hope.” Merton wrote about this. (MORE )
16) 4) dialog: Despair is a development of pride so great that it chooses one’s certitude rather than admit God is more creative than we are. Perhaps it’s better I didn’t say that to him.
17) 0) text: Propping one hand against the wall, Toller urinates into toilet. His urine runs dark brown.
18) 1) dialog: Who am I to talk about pride? Toller kneels at his bedside in prayer.
19) 0) text: Toller sits at the kitchen table. He tears bread from a l eats it. Downs it with a sip of scotch.
20) 0) text: Toller, in his civilian clothes, speaks with a MIDDLE AGE COUPLE and a COLLEGE STUDENT in the snowy church graveyar The guests hold printed pamphlets detailing the history o First Reformed.
20) 1) dialog: .--completed in 1765 in a style we now call Dutch Colonial by settlers in this region with local field stones and timber, First Reformed took seven years to build. (MORE )
21) 1) dialog: The church was partially rebuilt in 1837 following a fire. This section was preserved. Beside the Continental Army flag, if you look closely, are two bullet holes fired during what was called the Skirmish of Snowbridge.
21) 3) dialog: Oh yes, Sunday services are each week at 10 am. First Reformed is the third oldest church in continuous operation in New York State. In a month we will celebrate our two hundred fiftieth anniversary.
22) 1) dialog: ...-here are examples of the original church chinaware brought over from the Netherlands. And the first chalice. On the lower shelf are souvenirs which are for sale. Key rings, pens, postcards, caps and T shirts, although we only have the shirts in size S. We’re waiting for more to come in. The College Student reaches for a cap.
22) 2) dialog: Try it on. One size fits all. 24 25 26
23) 1) dialog: The pulpit was donated by William Mercer in 1879. The church organ which unfortunately is not working at this time was manufactured by A.G. Hill in England.
23) 3) dialog: No, I haven’t.
23) 5) dialog: I hadn’t heard that one.
24) 0) text: Outside the church, Toller wishes the group farewell as t thank him. The College Student straightens his new cap as walks. The Middle-Aged Man walks away then steps back to slip a folded bill into Toller’s palm.
27) 0) text: Inside the choir rehearsal room, Esther leads a group of teens, three boys and three girls of mixed backgrounds, listen as Esther leads on a capella version of “Washed in blood”. “WASHED IN THE BLOOD” “Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing pow’r, Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?”. The teen choir members, well scrubbed and fresh faces, br with adolescent sexuality. Reverend Toller slips into the room, silently nods to Est and takes a seat. The youth choir joins in on the next verse. A boy in the second row slowly moves his hand behind the back of the attractive girl behind him, letting his fingers, in time the lyrics, until it gently comes to rest above the crack her buttocks. She quickly brushes the boy’s hand away. 29 Toller, touched by the melody and lyrics, cannot help als drawn to the garden of slender thighs, bulging crotches, tight buttocks and pert breasts, each about to flower and bloom.
27) 3) dialog: Joel wanted me to come by.
27) 5) dialog: I assume not.
27) 7) dialog: I’ve got something after, but, well sure, why not?
27) 9) dialog: What?
27) 11) dialog: Try to tell them that.
28) 0) text: 30 31 Toller walks down an office CORRIDOR. Voices and phones e from behind closed doors. His phone dings as he passes a young man carrying the hymnals. Toller checks his message “Michael called into work. Wants to reschedule meeting fo tomorrow. Mary.” Toller pockets his phone, enters the open door with the nameplate: “Joel Jeffers, Head Pastor.” INT. JEFFERS’ OUTER OFFICE - DAY 30 Two SECRETARIES sit at computer terminals in the carpeted room. The walls are meticulously hung with awards, commendation and famous photos. It feels like corporate headquarters. The FIRST SECRETARY looks, recognizes him with a smile:
28) 4) dialog: Good. Busy. You know how it is. You do one thing, then the next, then it’s Sunday again.
28) 6) dialog: Eight weeks.
28) 8) dialog: The invitations are being handled by your office. We don’t have that many seats. Your staff, the Elders and Deacons, ecumenical representatives, the Mayor, the Governor--there’s no overflow room. The sanctuary, that’s it.
28) 10) dialog: They're waiting on parts. It’s a bigger deal than they thought.
28) 12) dialog: I think every seminarian knows that story.
28) 15) dialog: Not yet.
28) 17) dialog: Balgq Industries?
28) 19) dialog: Wow. Jeffers looks at him. Joel leans forward, strikes a perso note:
28) 21) dialog: Fine.
28) 23) dialog: That would be nice.
28) 25) dialog: The souvenir shop. They call it the souvenir shop.
28) 27) dialog: Thank you again for the opportunity.
29) 3) dialog: He wants me to meet with Ed Balq. (shed lifts her eyebrows) Balgq Industries, Balq Energy, Balq Chicken, Balq Peanuts, Balq whatnots.
29) 5) dialog: It’s all about the 250th Reconsecration. Balq wants to make sure he gets proper credit for underwriting it.
29) 9) dialog: Esther, we tried that. I’m not made for that.
29) 11) dialog: My marriage was a failure.
29) 13) dialog: Esther.
29) 15) dialog: I don’t believe that. I’ve seen enough real sin to know the difference. Okay?
29) 17) dialog: I am happy.
30) 0) text: Toller, wearing his cassock, lifts up a fallen tombstone. This seems not so much a practical task but a personal on form of being.
30) 1) dialog: Some are called for their gregariousness, some are called for their suffering, others are called for their loneliness. They are called by God because through the vessel of communication they can reach out and hold beating hearts in their hands. They are called because of their all consuming knowledge of the emptiness of all things that only can be filled by the presence of Our Savior.
32) 0) text: Toller’s cell phone rings. He sets down the brush, remove his phone from his cassock.
32) 2) dialog: Yes. Mary?
32) 4) dialog: I got your message. About rescheduling.
32) 6) dialog: Is Michael there? 36 37
33) 0) text: The winter light is fading as Toller pulls into Michael a Mary's driveway. She stands on the front porch. Toller approaches her.
34) 3) dialog: An explosive vest.
34) 6) dialog: Did you have any...?
34) 8) dialog: Does Michael have any hint you know about this?
34) 10) dialog: When does he come back?
34) 12) dialog: Okay. I will take this. This cannot remain here. I will dispose of it. Don’t let on. Put everything back the way it was.
34) 16) dialog: It wouldn’t help. It would only make things worse. It does no good to threaten him. Don’t let on you know about this. I will come and see him tomorrow. Somehow tomorrow, in the course of our conversation, I will bring this up.
34) 18) dialog: I don’t think Michael wants to die. I don’t think he wants to abandon his child. He is in torment. But there is an end to torment. He needs support. Are you afraid of him? (she doesn’t understand) Afraid he might hurt you?
34) 20) dialog: Have other activists been around, called him?
34) 22) dialog: You will stand by him?
35) 0) text: Toller, using a plunger, struggles with the toilet. It’s backed up. He takes a bottle of Drano, pours it into the bowl.
35) 1) dialog: Discernment intersects with Christian life at every moment. Listening and waiting for God's wish what action must be taken.
36) 0) text: Toller lies fully clothed on the bed.
36) 1) dialog: My petty ailments have made me bad tempered. I fight the urge to write down the thoughts which come to my mind.
37) 0) text: Toller is bent over, clutching his stomach.
37) 1) dialog: The desire to pray itself is a type of prayer. How often we ask for genuine experience when all we really want is emotion. My hand shakes as I write these lines.
40) 1) dialog: I didn’t expect you for another two weeks.
40) 4) dialog: It’s the two hundred fiftieth anniversary of the Church. They are expecting a lot of important people. The repairmen seem impressed. The lst Repairman testing, plays the opening notes of “A Mighty Fortress is Our God. Toller smiles. Toller’s cell phone DINGS. He takes out his phone, checks messages. There is a message from Michael: “Meet me at the Westbroo Park Trail. East entrance. The red diamond trail. Come alone.” Toller punches in a phone number. Mary answers.
40) 5) dialog: Mary, this is Reverend Toller. Is Michael there?
40) 7) dialog: Do you know where he is? 44 45
40) 9) dialog: Did he come home last night?
40) 11) dialog: Yes.
41) 0) text: Walking up the wooded path, Toller is soon surrounded by trees and greenery. He might as well be in the wilderness He proceeds along the trail with increasing foreboding.
41) 1) dialog: Michael? Ahead, he sees what he fears: two work boots emerge from underbrush. A shotgun lies nearby. Toller walks beside Michael’s body. He looks to recognize but realizes the body has no head. It has been completely blown off. Just a massive red stain. Stepping further he locates the remains of Michael’s skul 46 47 He takes out his phone and dials 911.
43) 0) text: The area around Michael’s body has been cordoned off with crime scene tape. Two EMS workers lug a stretcher up the as a crime scene photographer takes pictures. Toller stands beside the local SHERIFF. The Sheriff, hold Michael Mensana’s wallet, looks at the phone text message Toller shows him.
43) 1) dialog: He had been fighting depression. We were supposed to meet again today. I knew he was in trouble, but I didn’t foresee this.
43) 3) dialog: His wife Mary asked me to meet with him.
43) 5) dialog: No. But she was concerned. We both were concerned.
43) 7) dialog: No.
43) 9) dialog: Can I come along? 48 49
43) 11) dialog: What was he like?
44) 0) text: Toller and the Sheriff stand on the porch speaking with M Toller holds her as she sobs. After a few more moments the Sheriff excuses himself and walks to his patrol car. Drives off. Toller and Mary step inside.
45) 0) text: Toller looks around, takes a seat. She returns with his tea, takes a seat.
45) 2) dialog: (shakes head) If you find any more...similiar things, just discard them if it’s safe. Bury them, burn them. Michael was troubled but his cause was just. There’s no reason to bring disrepute on that cause. (beat) Are you an activist as well?
45) 4) dialog: Do you have family nearby?
45) 6) dialog: Have you spoken with your doctor? I’m not sure what medications are permissible during pregnancy but I’m sure he can give you something to relax you, help you sleep. She nods. TOLLER (CONT’D) He’d been in the garage?
45) 8) dialog: And said nothing?
45) 10) dialog: This is cut and dried from the police point of view, but it might be good to straighten up his office. Remove his laptop. She stands.
45) 14) dialog: What?
45) 16) dialog: I stayed while she called her sister. Her sister was going to drive down. Her parents would come for the final rights.
46) 0) text: Toller writes in his journal.
46) 1) dialog: A terrible night. No sooner than I shut my eyes desolation came upon me. What is one’s last thought as you pull the trigger? “There goes my head” or “Jesus watch over me?” Or neither? I’m going to tear these pages out. This journal brings me no peace. It’s self-pity, nothing more. Toller, at his computer, researches “Hanstown, NY.” Micha Will and Testiment lies open beside him. “Hanstown Paint Works and Storage.” He brings up images. A red triangular pollution warning sign stands next a rusting ship. “Groundwater around the site was later found contaminated with arsenic, lead, PCBs.”
46) 2) dialog: I awoke at three with a cry. It has been five months since I sensed the first warning signs. 51 52 53 54
47) 0) text: Toller walks the dark path from the Parsonage to the Chur
47) 1) dialog: I went into the church and fell asleep on a bench. INT. FIRST REFORMED —- SANCTUARY - NIGHT 52 He goes into the SANCTUARY, curls up on a pew bench.
47) 2) dialog: How easily they talk about prayer those who have never really prayed.
49) 2) dialog: Not a clue. Abundant Life is handling the invites and seating. Basically I’m going to introduce Joel, he'll give a little spiel, introduce the Governor, maybe Ed Balq.
49) 4) dialog: It’s sort of his deal, I guess. He’s underwriting everything. He paid for the organ. There’s another music thing I want to talk about. Elder ups the tempo of “Old Rugged Cross.” Soon it’s movi at a be-bopping clip (“Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree” Toller waves him off with a laugh.
49) 5) dialog: Actually, it’s a sad bit of business. The Michael Mensana memorial. The scattering of his ashes. He asked me to arrange it.
49) 7) dialog: He left a letter. He had some requests. cur TO:
51) 0) text: 57 Toller wanders through the expansive Abundant Life bookst and gift shop. One wall displays Abundant Life publicatio Pastor Joel Jeffers smiling face beams from a wide assort of books, CDs and DVDs. Elsewhere clothes racks are hung Abundant Life hoodies, T-shirts and polos. He steps over to the counter which displays pen sets, wristbands and lanyards. The YOUNG FEMALE CLERK notices h
51) 2) dialog: I’ve been meaning to come in. We've run out of First Reformed T-shirts. We have some small sizes, but not the others.
52) 0) text: Toller sits with ROGER, 27, a muscled youth minister, and group of young people in a CHURCH MEETING ROOM. Roger, in black T shirt, has Bible texts tattooed along his bare ar JASON, 18, offers testimony:
52) 6) dialog: There are some church people, good Christians, who make a connection between godliness and wealth, but that’s not what Jesus teaches. That’s not what He lived. There was no dollar sign on His pulpit. There’s no American flag either. No, Cynthia, your father-- JAKE, an arrogant kid, interjects:
53) 0) text: Toller sips tea with Joel Jeffers in the near empty room. Lunch hour is past.
53) 3) dialog: He’s a good man.
53) 5) dialog: Everything is so extreme. There’s no middle ground. Us versus them. We’re right, they’re wrong let’s go to war.
53) 7) dialog: I did raise a kid.
53) 9) dialog: That’s not the church that called me. 59 60 61
55) 0) text: Reverend Toller, wearing a clerical collar, white apron a white paper hat, stands next to another volunteer dishing hot lunches to a line of men and women on society’s margi sign reads, “The Free Meal Center. Volunteers and Donatio Support out Efforts.” Esther also works as a volunteer. She’s here because Toll is. She glances at him. He looks away. While doing so, he TIPS a lunch tray into the hands of a PARAPLEGIC WAR VET in a wheel chair. Soup and pork and be spill on the Vet’s lap and onto the floor. The Vet, unkept, bearded, wears military patches on his a jacket. A tiny American flag is fixed to the back of his wheel chair. Toller apologetically kneels down, attempting to right hi mistake. Esther joins bearing a roll of paper towels.
56) 0) text: A line of cars are parked along a two lane road beside t brackish Kills. A makeshift platform has been erected bes the polluted greenish stream. The Hanstown paint factory, dilapidated, deserted, stands in the distance. A red triangular sign pictures a gas mask above the word “Pollution.” Twenty mourners have assembled for the memorial. For the part they are Michael's friends and fellow activists. Mar there with her parents, her sister and brother-in-law and their young child. As is Esther with her a capella choir group. A MOURNER records with a digital camera, panning from Tol to Mary’s nephew who reacts to the foul smelling creek. John Elder stands at his keyboard. Toller reads from his Bible:
56) 1) dialog: Then the Lord spoke to Job out of the storm. He said: “Who is this that obscures my plans with words without knowledge? Where were you when I laid the earth’s foundation? Who marked off its dimensions? Who laid its cornerstone while the morning stars sang together and all the angels shouted for joy?”... TIMECUT. Mary stands beside Toller holding a plain urn bearing Michael’s ashes.
56) 2) dialog: These surroundings were chosen by Michael as the repository for his physical remains. I say physical because Michael’s spirt and memories live on with us. As does his mission. Michael cared about this world. Perhaps too much. Suffering does not hold. Is not the last word. Resurrection has sway. He’s gone but not his mission. It lives on within us. Mary will lead family and friends in the spreading of Michael’s ashes as the Abundant Life Youth a capella Choir sings a song chosen by Michael. Esther escorts the four person Youth Choir up the steps o the platform. They wear matching khaki pants and blue pol They arrange themselves, look at Esther. She blows her register whistle, cues them to begin. 62 63 The Youth Choir performs an a capella version of Neil You “Who will stand up?”. Mary followed by immediate family and friends walks to th polluted creek carrying the urn. They take turns distribu the ashes into the foul waters. Beginning with the second version John Elder underscores Youth Choir. The mix of the music, harsh lyrics, barren landscape and solemn occasion creates a surreal tableau.
56) 5) text: Balgq is greeted with smiles and hellos. The OWNER shakes hand as he leads Balg to his regular table in the rear. Reverend Toller and Pastor Jeffers, seated together, look as Balq walks over, shakes Joel’s hand.
56) 9) text: (to owner) Bring me a coffee. And the apple pie. (to Toller and Jeffers) The apple pie--I know it’s a cliche. Organic. They make it right here. Local. (beat) I’ve got a surprise for you. Balgq sets his phone on the table top, opens the manila envelope. He extracts two 8x11 softbound books, passes th over:
56) 14) dialog: It sounds better than ever before.
56) 16) text: Mayor Wilson and the Governor will be there. Head of National Association of Evangelicals, representatives from NCC, the Office of the Chaplain. Then of course the people from the business community, the financial community... Toller, paging through the book, comes upon a two page sp picturing all the ministers of First Reformed from coloni times to present and their dates of service.
56) 17) dialog: All those mighty men of God, servants of the cross. Years of service--baptisms, confessions, funerals, sermons. The hours in prayer, the afflictions suffered. Did God give them strength? Did He hear them? Balgq’s phone chimes. He looks at the message, ignores it
56) 22) text: Both First Reformed and Abundant Life are mentioned by name. (Pause for effect) This was a political event. Neil Young? Jeffers looks to Toller.
56) 23) dialog: I was respecting the wishes of the deceased and the widow. These were their instructions for the memorial service.
56) 25) dialog: The press was not notified. These are Mensana’s friends.
56) 30) dialog: Mind if I ask a question?
56) 32) dialog: Will God forgive us? (Balg is confused) Will God forgive us for what we are doing to his creation? (MORE )
56) 35) dialog: There is a scientific consensus. Ninety-seven percent of the scientific community. The “other” side consists of lobbyists and paid deniers.
56) 36) dialog: The man who says nothing always seems more intelligent. Why couldn’t I just keep silent?
56) 38) dialog: What is the benefit? Cui bono? Setting aside the Biblical call to stewardship, who profits when we soil our own nest? What is to gain?
56) 40) dialog: What God wants--
56) 43) dialog: We were supposed to meet. He texted me the location.
56) 45) dialog: Yes.
56) 47) dialog: Yes. His point is made.
57) 0) text: Reverend Toller and Mary, bundled up, bicycle along an idyllic rail trail converted for jogging and cycling. She smiles. Toller downshifts, relaxes. For the moment th seem to have left their cares behind.
57) 1) dialog: Mary and I rode the rail line trail. I had not ridden a bicycle I think in twenty years. I was afraid I would fall. It is amazing the simple curative power of exercise. It’s God given. They ride down the crest of a hill and around a turn. Toller smiles for the first time.
58) 0) text: Mary watches Toller lift an aluminum bike, place it on t wall rack in the GARAGE.
58) 2) dialog: It’s been a long time. I enjoyed it. But it was under protest.
58) 4) dialog: Just the same.
58) 6) dialog: What?
58) 8) dialog: Are you sure you want to give them away so quickly?
58) 10) dialog: I can do it. He looks at where the vest was hidden as he closes the ga door. They walk to the house.
58) 11) dialog: Have you decided?
58) 15) dialog: A boy or a girl?
59) 1) dialog: Something I’ve been meaning to ask, if it isn’t too painful. (she nods) Do you think he would have really harmed someone?
59) 3) dialog: I just wonder if I should have done something differently.
59) 6) dialog: I’1ll get some boxes. Come back later to take care of the clothes.
59) 9) dialog: No. Of course not. He clasps his hands, lowers his head. She follows suit.
60) 0) text: Toller writes in his journal:
60) 1) dialog: I spoke and the words came out of my mouth. “By thy words you shall be justified and by thy words you shall be condemned.” TIMECUT. Toller goes through the boxes brought back from Michael’s garage. The explosive vest is in a box to the s He looks through the file boxes. Michael’s framed photo o José Claudio Ribeiro da Silva and Maria do Espirito Santo rests on the counter. Toller sips a drink of scotch, grimaces. He removes a ser of paperbacks with dire titles: “Our Once and Future Plan “Plants at the Margin,” “Earth under Fire.” TIMECUT. Toller boots up Michael’s laptop. A series of ic and documents appear on screen. He examines the files: Th Fragile Planet. Top 100 Polluters. 68 Environmental Deregulation. Timelines. Bhopal. Marcal Riv Arctic Melt. Ghana. Security Precautions. UN Resolutions. Scientific Associations. An encyclopedic reservoir of research. Toller clicks the “Top 100 Polluters” file. A number list appears: Monsanto. Shell. Kohle. Conoco. Balq. He opens the folder. The first document is a Balq Industr Quarterly Report. He opens it. A smiling photo of Edward accompanies a welcoming message. A menu appears on screen under the title “BALQ” with subcategories: “Domestic Divisions, International Partner Shell Companies, Political Contributions (est), Political Action Groups, Charitable Contributions, Litigations, EPA IEC reports.” Toller takes another drink.
60) 2) dialog: I can no longer ignore my health. I have postponed my checkup too often. Yesterday I literally could barely stand. He clicks through the entries. It’s a chilling progressio Balg Energy, through its partners and shell companies, is under investigation on four continents. Balq is an equal opportunity polluter.
60) 3) dialog: No. I have not lost my faith. He clicks on the Balg sub category “Charitable Contributions.” There it is, between the ballet and the nature conservancy, the Abundant Life Church in Christ an Christian Fellowship. cur TO:
61) 0) text: Toller kneels by the new Plexiglas church sign beside a b of plastic letters. He places the black letters one by one on the rack, spell out the message:
62) 0) text: In the rear of the parsonage, John Elder goes through the trash, separating the glass, plastic and metal recyclable He cannot help but notice as he drops bottles into the bi One empty bottle of scotch after another. Followed by an empty bourbon bottle. EXT./INT. TOLLER’S CAR - INNER CITY - DAY (OMIT) 70
64) 0) text: MONTAGE of shots from a physical examination: --a scale is adjusted to record Toller’s weight --a DOCTOR takes his temperature --blood pressure taken --The Doctor taps his back --urine collected --blood drawn --chest x-ray cur TO:
66) 0) text: Ten worshipers are assembled in the SANCTUARY. Mary, wear a smart coat, sits alone. Reverend Toller, sitting in the first pew, takes an antia from his pocket, slips it in his mouth. TIMECUT. Toller, at the pulpit, reads from the lectern Bi
66) 1) dialog: “,..and he said I will pull down my barns, and build greater and I will say to my soul, take thine ease, eat, drink, and be merry. But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee. So is he that layeth up treasure for himself, and is not rich toward God. And he said unto his disciples, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body, what ye shall put on. The life is more than meat, and the body is more than raiment.” TIMECUT. John Elder speaks with Esther as they straighten Psalters.
68) 3) dialog: That doesn’t sound good.
68) 5) dialog: Cancer.
68) 7) dialog: What is the treatment?
68) 8) text: It depends on how advanced the tumor is. You stated that you have been experiencing discomfort? (checks records) Six months? (Toller nods) Diet, medication, chemo, even surgery. We have a variety of diagnostic tools. Have you had bloody stools?
68) 9) dialog: Yes.
68) 11) dialog: I get hungry, I eat.
68) 13) dialog: In moderation.
68) 15) dialog: No. Actually, I feel quite good.
71) 2) dialog: Hello, Esther.
71) 4) dialog: Joel's office wanted to go over the reconsecration program. Has he discussed it with you?
71) 6) dialog: (wary) Yeah.
71) 8) dialog: Nothing much. More tests.
71) 10) dialog: And you know this how? 81
72) 1) dialog: Leave me alone.
72) 3) dialog: I know what you want. I cannot bear your concern, you constant hovering. Your neediness. It’s a constant reminder of my failings and inadequacies. You want something that never was and never will be. She starts to cry. She seeks comfort. He doesn’t offer it
72) 5) dialog: Don’t you see yourself?
72) 7) dialog: I despise you. I despise what you bring out in me. Your concerns are petty. You are a stumbling block.
73) 0) text: Toller writes in his journal:
73) 1) dialog: I suddenly feel much better. I awoke early, clear-headed and immediately set about my daily tasks.
74) 0) text: After brushing his teeth, Toller stops to examine his fac the mirror. He has lost weight. His skin seems a bit on t yellow side.
75) 0) text: TIMECUT. NIGHT. Toller, in thought, walks around the parsonage. He goes to the closet, removes box where Micha EXPLOSIVE VEST has been placed. He removes the vest, examines the disconnected detonator wires. It’s a fearsome sight. TIMECUT. He researches types and characteristics of suici vests and belts. Some of the literature is in English, so in Arabic. There are five types of vests, some utilizing dynamite, others Semtex, others C4. They vary in design and detonat features. Toller locates the vest before him: “Semtex Blocks #2. Ha Style.” Foil wrapped 2500 gram vertical rectangles of Sem attached to a Velcro belt with bungee cord and connected wires to a push button detonator. He examines the vest. It’s beautiful and simple in design power and intent. Web images show GIF of a suicide bomber attacks. TIMECUT. He writes in his journal. Next to him rests a ha filled glass of scotch. He pours Pepto Bismol into the whiskey glass. Pink viscus fluid diffuses through clear amber. He takes a sip. 85
76) 1) dialog: “Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed.”
77) 0) text: TOLLER, walking the barbed wire which shakes through the hedgerow perimeter, stops when he notices something. A dead squirrel has gotten caught in drooping barbed wire Toller uses his scratched bleeding hands to loosen the squirrel from the wire. He pulls at the wire compulsively wrapping into a roll.
82) 0) text: Toller walks behind a school group touring the Balq paper mill. They watch as massive machines transform pulp into paper.
83) 0) text: Toller drives past the four story dark glass corporate headquarters: Balq Industries.
84) 1) dialog: Today I stopped. I had Miso and fish. When was the last time? Such simple pleasures. Why do we deny ourselves? 94 Toller, at the bar, sips sake as Ed Balg dines with top t business companions at an overpriced restaurant.
84) 3) dialog: I've removed the previous pages. They were written in a delirium. But I am determined to continue. It’s hard to struggle against torpor. I must set pen to paper. In the gated suburb, Toller slows down as if checking a h number. The Security SUV pulls up behind him, FLASHES its lights. Toller pulls to the curb. The SECURITY OFFICER gets out, walks over to him. The Officer gives him a suspicious onc over. Toller’s sweater is dirty, he needs a haircut, a shave...
84) 5) dialog: I...I think I must have the wrong address. The explosive vest rests in a partially zipped bag on the rear seat.
84) 7) dialog: Kiosk? I didn’t see any kiosk. The Officer notices on clerical designation on the windshield: 95
84) 9) dialog: Thank you. cur TO:
85) 0) text: Late night. Toller at his desk, writing, drinking. He hears something, stops to listen. The doorbell rings. sips a drink. Hides the bottle. Toller coughs as he crosses though the main room, exits toward the front door. We hear the sound of Toller openin the door.
85) 1) dialog: Mary.
85) 3) dialog: Of course. They re-enter. He takes her coat.
85) 4) dialog: What’s going on? Are you all right?
85) 8) dialog: I’m glad you came. You need anything, water, tea? He sits on the floor opposite Mary.
85) 10) dialog: Have you seen your doctor?
85) 12) dialog: Michael?
85) 14) dialog: No.
85) 16) dialog: You were right to come.
85) 18) dialog: Did you have these fears before Michael’s death?
85) 22) dialog: How did Michael help you?
85) 24) dialog: Before he became absent.
85) 26) dialog: And you want me to do this?
85) 28) dialog: Okay. Show me.
85) 30) dialog: The baby? (she nods) How do we do this?
85) 32) dialog: You need music?
87) 8) dialog: Slaves fleeing north to Canada were helped, fed and hidden at churches and homes along the route. Calvin Verlander, the dominee, minister, of First Reformed was active in the Abolitionist movement. He arranged...follow me. Look at this. Miss Suriya, could you give me a hand? The students watch wide eyed as Toller and Suriya lift a wooden pew a few inches off the floor, move it. 97 98 99
87) 9) dialog: Who can help me? Benny? Benny, the class clown, fills up with pride.
87) 10) dialog: Look, what do you see? (Benny doesn’t see anything) Do you see a metal hook? There. (Benny nods) What would happen if we pulled it? Can you grab it? The First Graders are mesmerized. Benny extracts the hook from the floorboard. Toller takes the hook from Benny and putting his back into it, lifts up a large wooden trapdoo Benny, proud of himself, watches. A dark space is revealed under the floorboards. Toller reaches down, flips a switch. A single incandescent bulb lights the dark cavity below.
88) 1) dialog: Slaves would hide here. Sometimes whole families. Can you imagine that? In the darkness. The air hot, shaking with fear. Hearing the horses of the slave hunters outside? On their knees, holding each other’s hands, praying to God to save them? cur TO:
91) 1) dialog: The stomach pains have returned. Yesterday I groveled on the floor, moaning like a sick beast. Will God's grace ever shine on me?
92) 0) text: Toller wears his mended black sweater, but not the vest. scans the room. A LOW INCOME MOTHER tends to her DISABLED 8 year-old. The looks at Toller. He is crushed by empathy. A NURSE steps out, calls his name:
92) 3) dialog: If one is awake, can he become more awake?
93) 0) text: THE DARK OF PRE DAWN. Toller, wearing the vest, stands in moonlight. On the horizon the first eminence of sunrise.
93) 1) dialog: Every act of preservation is an act of creation. Everything preserved renews creation. It’s how we participate in creation.
94) 0) text: The sun rises. Toller is at HANSTOWN Kills, the polluted stream where Michael’s ashes were spread.
96) 0) text: Toller stands with fellow volunteers dispensing hot lunch to the down and out. He wears a dark sweater. The wheel chair Vet waits for a hot lunch in the line of and outers. The vest is under Toller’s sweater. A red wire pokes thro the dark fabric.
98) 0) text: Toller’s Toyota pulls into the parking lot. INT. JEFFERS’ OFFICE - DAY Toller enters Joel’s inner office.
98) 5) dialog: Who is?
98) 7) dialog: I need some more tests.
98) 12) dialog: Just a little wine with dinner.
98) 14) dialog: I’ve got to take better care of myself.
98) 16) dialog: I didn’t know I had given offense.
98) 18) dialog: But what of His creation? The Heavens declare the glory of God. He is everywhere present. In the plants, the rivers, in the smallest insect. The world is a manifestation of God's presence. This is an issue where we can lead. But what does the church say? Nothing. The U.S. congress deny climate change. Where were we when these people got elected? (MORE )
98) 21) dialog: We should pollute so God can restore? We should sin so God can forgive? I don’t think that’s what the Apostle meant. We need to see through Jesus’ eyes, see every living thing.
98) 23) dialog: (pleading) Somebody has to do something. The hour is late. Earth is in the balance.
98) 25) dialog: God would never destroy his creation.
98) 28) dialog: It’s not about the ceremony. I want to be there. It’s two hundred and fifty years. It’s my church. I want to be there. I want to introduce you.
98) 30) dialog: Not at all.
100) 0) text: Toller and Mary stand surrounded by moving boxes. Pause.
100) 2) dialog: Of course. I want to see him. A new child is the most blessed thing in creation.
100) 4) dialog: Dark times will come again. But they will also go. My great grandfather, was an old parson. A Saint of God. There was a two story bank and the bank installed the very first elevator in town. My grandfather went with his boys on Monday, as he did every Monday, to deposit the church funds. He needed to see the manager. They stepped in the elevator. Between the first and second floor he had a heart attack. He wore a hat, he always had a hat. He took off his hat, turned to his sons and said, “Boys, take off my shoes. I’m standing on Holy Ground.” And he died right there.
100) 5) dialog: I believe Michael was on Holy Ground when he died. She embraces him.
100) 7) dialog: We'll meet in Buffalo.
100) 11) dialog: It’s not necessary.
100) 13) dialog: It’s not worth the effort. Just a bunch a rich guys patting each other on the back.
100) 15) dialog: I have to.
100) 17) dialog: Please. I don’t want you to. Don’t come. (stern) Okay?
102) 0) text: He straps the suicide vest on over his black T shirt. He sewn two additional patches onto the vest. The embroidere image of his son PFC Joseph Toller and Michael Mensana.
102) 1) dialog: I have found another form of prayer. Toller places AAA batteries into the detonation slots. He connects the wires to the Semtex plastic jelly explosive tubes. If he presses the button, the vest will detonate. 117 118 119 Carefully lifts his black clerical cassock over the vest. Examines himself in the mirror. Touches his hair. Prepare for the reconsecration ceremony.
104) 0) text: Esther enters, John Elder’s organ music plays. Pastor Jeffers with his wife and children. Well scrubbed Abundant Life ushers guide the guests to their seats. Edward Balg, accompanied by his wife, grown son and daugh in-law, arrive and are deferentially accompanied to the church entrance by Balq employees. Toller watches. That seems about it. The guests are thinn out. Mary, alone, arrives wearing her nice coat. She is there. has come after all. She enters the church, looking for hi
105) 0) text: Toller, watching from the PARSONAGE, freezes. He looks at detonator button. He cannot go forward with his plan. Cannot. Not with her the sanctuary. He paces around the living room. He returns to his desk. He writes in his journal:
106) 0) text: The last invited guests and VIPs are escorted to their se as John Elder plays. Each guest is handed a copy of the reconsecration booklet. Mary accepts hers. Mary, uncertain, unmoored, looks around for Toller. She watches as Balq speaks with Jeffers several pews ahead.
112) 0) text: Toller, at his desk, listens in semi-darkness. silence. Jeffers has left. Toller stands.
114) 0) text: Reverend Toller writes in his journal:
114) 1) dialog: God, how I would have preferred a different death.