3) 0) text: A rotted-out Toyota pickup lurches to a stop alongside th minimart, white-boy hip-hop booming on the radio which di with the engine -- Dennis Rooney is driving; twenty-three years old, working class desert trash with a high opinion of his own broodin good looks.  In the middle: Kevin Rooney, nineteen, scare shitless at what they're about to do.  Riding shotgun:  M Krupchek, twenty-four, a large pasty guy with a shaved he and faraway eyes.
3) 2) dialog: (grins past Kevin to Mars) Mars?!  Whattaya think, dude?  Out here on the edge, no one around, it's perfect, right?
3) 4) dialog: Try to act cool, okay?  He's gonna think you're a dick.
3) 6) dialog: Not if they don't catch us, Kevin.
3) 8) dialog: Because if you don't take the chance, you're already dead. Dennis pulls a pistol from his pants to check the magazin
3) 9) dialog: Thirty seconds, we'll be down the road. Thirty seconds.  Then we'll go to the movies. Mars returns and nods his approval --
4) 0) text: Junior Kim, Jr., is short, squat, and forty-two years old He's reading a magazine behind the counter when Dennis an Mars enter; Dennis trying to disarm him with a smile -- As Dennis reaches the counter, he lifts his tee-shirt to reveal the butt of his pistol --
4) 1) dialog: A pack of Marlboros for my friend and all your cash, you gook motherfucker! But Junior Kim is ready.  He lurches to his feet, bringin a pistol of his own --
4) 3) dialog: Mars, help me -- Dennis and Kim bounce from the counter to the Slurpy mach the Glock locked between them, pointing first one way, th the other, their eyes meeting as -- BAM -- the gun goes o Junior Kim's eyes widen.  Dennis and Junior both look dow the red blossom that grows on Junior Kim's chest --
5) 0) text: A forty-something soccer mom named Margaret Hammond is ab to enter the minimart when Dennis and Kevin burst out, knocking her on her ass.  Mars follows a moment later -- Margaret watches their red pickup lurch away, then rushes into the store --
6) 0) text: Dennis power-shifts into gear, clashing tortured metal as pushes the Toyota as hard as it will go.  No one is talki they're screaming --
6) 2) dialog: I didn't know he would have a gun!  It just went off! Dennis sees himself in the rearview mirror.  His face is  splattered with red dew, the sight of it freaking him out
6) 3) dialog: Jesus!  Fuckin' Jesus, it's on my face! The trunk careens crazily off the road.  Mars calmly runs hand over Dennis's face --
6) 5) dialog: FUCK you, Mars!  I got it all over me! -- whereupon the tortured transmission gives with a loud and the truck loses power --
6) 6) dialog: MotherFUCKING piece of SHIT!!!
7) 0) text: Flanders Road is lined with trees, hedges, and the exclus housing developments that dot the countryside around Bris Camino. The Toyota jerks to a stop well off the road, and Dennis, Mars, and Kevin pile out, stuffing pistols and bullets in their pockets --
7) 2) dialog: Shut up, goddamnit!  Just calm down!
7) 5) dialog: That's why we gotta keep going.  I'm not gonna go in for murder.
7) 7) dialog: We're surrounded by houses, dumbass. Every house has a car in the garage. All we have to do is take one. Dennis and Mars take off for the wall, Kevin reluctantly following --
13) 2) dialog: (quietly) I'm not going to hurt you. Mars is holding Thomas.  Kevin is by the French doors --
13) 3) dialog: Stop fighting.  Relax, and I'll let go. Jennifer struggles until she sees that Mars is holding a pistol to Thomas's head --
13) 4) dialog: That's better.  Be cool and we'll be outta here in five minutes.  Understand? Jennifer nods, and Dennis removes his hand.  He has her pinned to the counter, his body pressed into her's; she i suddenly very aware that she is almost naked --
13) 5) dialog: Who else is here?
14) 0) text: It happens fast:  Dennis shoves Jennifer into the room, a Mars and Kevin follow with Thomas -- Walter is feeding a computer print-out into a paper shred as they burst through the door --
14) 1) dialog: Get your ass in the chair!  Sit down! Dennis shoves Jennifer to the floor and stalks directly across the room, his gun trained on Walter. Walter freezes, hands motionless, letting the paper feed the shredder.  Strangely, he has little outward reaction
14) 3) dialog: She'll be dead if you don't put your ass in that chair! Walter carefully sits.  He is amazingly calm in the face this invasion.
14) 4) dialog: Kevin!  Don't stand there, asshole, close the windows!  Mars, keep him covered, dude! Mars pushes Thomas down beside Jennifer, then aims his gu Walter.  Kevin closes the shutters as Dennis rips the  electric cord from a lamp --
14) 6) dialog: Don't go Rambo and you'll tell'm about this on the back nine.  I'm gonna tie you up, then we're gonna take your car. Walter glances toward the shredder; the final page of pap emerges as spaghetti and then the shredder stops --
14) 8) dialog: Am I talkin' raghead?!  I want your car! Gimme the goddamned keys! A strange smile flickers at the corner of Walter's mouth if there's a joke within all this, then --
16) 0) text: Dennis shoves Jennifer to the door --
16) 1) dialog: Open it!  You remember I'm right here!
18) 2) dialog: kicks the door closed and fires through the door, Jennife screaming, as --
26) 2) dialog: Stop it!  They found the truck, Kev! They're already behind us!
26) 7) dialog: Shut up!  Shut the fuck up! Walter Smith slowly stands --
26) 9) dialog: Stay down!  Stay down, goddamnit!
26) 11) dialog: You're not goin' anywhere!  Get on the fuckin' floor! Dennis raises the gun to Walter's face.  Walter is in complete command of himself and nowhere near scared, but Jennifer grabs his legs --
26) 14) dialog: Get on the floor!
26) 16) dialog: I'll fuckin' kill you!
26) 19) dialog: We just killed a cop!  We killed a fat chinaman!  We'll get the death penalty! Dennis suddenly screams at Mars and Kevin --
26) 20) dialog: Mars, watch the cops!  Kevin!  Watch the back of the house!
26) 22) dialog: Bullshit!
26) 24) dialog: (shouting over him) Shut up!  Shut up and get on the floor!
28) 3) dialog: Shut up and sit down.  You think someone's gonna make a house call? Jennifer is scared--really, really scared--but she doesn' sit down.  Both Dennis and Mars are staring at her.  She feels naked and vulnerable.  She crosses her arms again -
28) 5) dialog: Make sure Kevin isn't fucking off back there. Jennifer hurries out as Mars follows --
30) 0) text: The phone seems to ring louder here.  Dennis stands over watching the phone as if it's alive.  The phone rings aga and again.  Finally, he answers --
30) 1) dialog: Hello?
31) 2) dialog: You with the cops?
31) 4) dialog: Yeah.  I'm Rooney.
31) 6) dialog: We're cool.
31) 8) dialog: Fuck you.  I'm running this shit.  You talk to me.
31) 10) dialog: They're fine. Talley cups the phone to tell Jorgenson --
31) 12) dialog: (interrupting) You don't have to explain shit!  That Chinaman pulled a gun.  We wrestled for it.  That Chinaman shot himself.
31) 14) dialog: How about the cop?
31) 16) dialog: Fuck that.  They're the only thing stopping you from blowing us away.
31) 18) dialog: I got these people!  You try to come get me, I'll kill every fuckin' one of them! The phone clicks in Talley's ear as Dennis slams down the phone --
32) 0) text: Dennis is livid with fear and rage.  He paces through the office like a trapped cat --
32) 1) dialog: That fuckin' Chinaman is dead!  That's murder-one, dude.  That's the needle! Kevin appears in the entry, drawn by Dennis's raving --
32) 2) dialog: Get back where you belong, asshole! Mars, keep and eye on the cops; I gotta find a way out of here -- Dennis shoves Kevin out of the office and stalks after hi
33) 0) text: Kevin dogs along beside Dennis, speaking softly so that M doesn't overhear --
33) 2) dialog: We gotta find a way outta here is what we gotta do!
33) 5) dialog: Bullshit.  Why would Mars do that?
33) 7) dialog: You're being stupid.  Check out the bathroom.  Maybe we can sneak out a window -- Dennis shoves Kevin toward the bathroom, then steps into
33) 8) text: One side is filled with racks of clothes, but the opposit side is an industrial bank of video monitors showing a do views of the house, both inside and out -- Dennis sees this stuff and stops in his tracks, awed --
33) 9) dialog: Kev. Kevin steps in beside him.
33) 11) dialog: Are you totally stupid?  What does it look like? One monitor shows Mars and the Smiths in the office, anot the kitchen, another Jennifer's room, another the front o the house, the rear, the sides--every room and most of th exterior can be seen --
33) 12) dialog: Look, that's the master bedroom out here. Dennis goes out into the master, looking for the camera, appears on the bedroom monitor --
33) 14) dialog: Dude, this is solid steel.  They gotta be hiding something. Dennis glances over to his brother, and finds Kevin on hi knees with two black travel bags beneath the clothes --
33) 16) dialog: Go get Mars.
34) 0) text: We're watching a grainy black and white security tape of Junior Kim's robbery/homicide.  It shows Kim behind the counter as Dennis and Mars enter --
43) 23) text: Dennis is on the floor with the money, touching it, feeli it, smelling it.  Mars is standing over him, profoundly unmoved --
43) 24) dialog: There's gotta be a million bucks here. Maybe two million! Mars turns away from the money to consider the monitors a the door --
43) 26) dialog: Who gives a shit, Mars?  Check out the cash!  We're rich.
44) 0) text: Dennis and Mars are returning to the front of the house, Dennis irritated at Mars's lack of enthusiasm --  
44) 1) dialog: We can take it with us.
44) 3) dialog: Then we'll stuff it up our asses.  This is the payoff.  This is every dream you ever had, all in those two bags. Mars continues on without responding, Dennis angrily following --
45) 0) text: Kevin is grimly watching news coverage of their standoff Mars and Dennis enter.  A female anchor is reporting on t events at York Estates with Dennis's booking photo cut in the picture --
45) 2) dialog: (thrilled) Check me out!  I look like fuckin' Jon Bon Jovi. Kevin is anything but thrilled --
45) 4) dialog: Jesus, first Mars, now you.  You two need anti-depressants. Across the room, Walter Smith shudders and moans; his fac swollen and covered with clammy sweat -- Jennifer is sick with worry and can't stand seeing her fa like this --
45) 6) dialog: Hey, I've got a situation here, in case you haven't noticed.
45) 8) dialog: Use more ice.
45) 13) dialog: That's right.  That's a good idea, Mars.
45) 15) dialog: Find something, Kevin.  Don't just stand there. (waves at Walter) And tie this bastard, too.  I don't want him waking up and goin' Rambo on us. Mars nods his approval.  Subtly, there is the beginning o shift in power --
52) 0) text: The garage is dark, lit only by the light that comes from kitchen's open door, as Dennis, Mars and a reluctant Kevi enter --
52) 2) dialog: (annoyed) That's why we tied him, dumbass.  Now come here and see this -- Dennis shows them a small casement window, and pushes ope the window to reveal a thick hedge --
52) 3) dialog: (excited) These bushes follow the wall into the neighbor's yard.  All we need is some kind of diversion and we're home free.
52) 5) dialog: Not if they're looking at something else.
53) 0) text: We see Dennis, Kevin, and Mars through a slit overhead as they emerge from the garage and move back into the house Thomas is watching them.  He has cracked open the service hatch in the laundry room ceiling to make sure that his w is clear --
54) 0) text: The room is dark.  When Dennis and the others are gone, t ceiling hatch lifts, and Thomas lets himself down.  He sl onto the washing machine and then to the floor -- Thomas cups one hand over his flashlight and turns it on. lets light leak through his fingers so that he can see. beam cuts across a door to the garage, car keys on key ho and Jennifer's purse hanging from one of the hooks --
56) 0) text: Dennis is in the doorway to the security closet, handing one of the money bags to Kevin --
56) 2) dialog: I've been carrying you our whole fuckin' lives. Kevin drops the bag and tries to reason with his brother
56) 4) dialog: Nothing's worse than listening to you. I'm warning you, Kevin--stop holding me back.  Now you pick up that fuckin' money and get ready to go. Dennis glares at Kevin another moment, then lets go and s back into the closet --
56) 5) text: Dennis lifts the second bag of cash when the monitors cat his eye:  The Sheriffs SWAT unit can be seen moving into position.  Dennis totally freaks --
56) 6) dialog: They're coming!  Kev, Mars, they're coming!!! Dennis drops the cash and bolts out of the closet --
57) 1) dialog: The cops are comin'!
57) 3) dialog: We don't have time! Dennis runs to the French doors.  He sees lights at the r of the property and SHOOTS through the glass --
57) 4) dialog: Get the kids!  They're our only chance! Dennis FIRES AGAIN and runs for the stairs --
58) 0) text: Thomas is straining to reach the pistol which is a fracti of an inch beyond his grasp when he hears Dennis shouting Thomas glances helplessly at the gun case--so near, yet s far--then scrambles off the bench and --
62) 0) text: Dennis and Mars pound up the stairs, getting closer to hi room --
64) 0) text: Dennis and Mars reach the second floor --
65) 0) text: Thomas scrambles into bed just before Dennis jerks open t door.  Dennis drags him off the bed and carries him out o the room --
67) 0) text: Dennis is holding Thomas around the neck, using the boy a shield.  Kevin is cowering on the floor and Mars is holdi Jennifer.  Dennis snatches up the phone --
67) 1) dialog: (screaming into the phone) You fuck!  I got a fuckin' gun to this kid's head!  I'll kill'm, you fuck! Intercut Talley outside --
67) 3) dialog: (still screaming) We'll burn this fuckin' place down!  I got gasoline all over in here! Talley takes a deep breath; he forces himself to speak quietly, calmly --
67) 5) dialog: Goddamned right they got carried away. It looks like an army out there. Talley mutes the phone to speak to Martin --
67) 7) dialog: Talley?
67) 9) dialog: I want a helicopter to take us to Mexico.
67) 11) dialog: I'll give you these people.
67) 14) dialog: (hesitantly) What?
67) 16) dialog: You're a funny guy, Talley.
68) 0) text: Dennis and Kevin are at the television, watching an aeria view of the Sheriffs deploying around the house.  Jennife and Thomas are huddled by their father --
68) 2) dialog: What the fuck is that?
68) 5) dialog: Aw, Jesus, not more of this.
68) 7) dialog: (to Kevin and Mars) Take'm back upstairs, but don't tie'm like before.  That little fuck untied himself anyway. Dennis returns to the shutters as Mars and Kevin take the kids --
87) 3) dialog: That you, Talley?
87) 5) dialog: You oughta try on the problem I got in here.
87) 7) dialog: We been through that.  Forget it.
87) 10) dialog: That's bullshit!  The guy's right here! He's alive!
87) 13) dialog: (screaming) They better not! Talley pushes Maddox away and amps the pressure on Dennis
87) 15) dialog: 
87) 18) dialog: (quietly) He got knocked out.  It's like he's sleeping.  He just lays there. Talley gives a thumbs-up to Maddox, who sits back in awe. This crazy shit is working --
87) 20) dialog: Okay.
87) 22) dialog: Fuck that!  You bastards will jump me!
87) 24) dialog: You'll cap my ass as soon as I step out the door!
87) 26) dialog: Fuck you, Talley, fuck you!  You and one other guy, but that's it!  I want you stripped!  I gotta know you don't have guns! Dennis slams down the phone -- Talley lowers the crisis phone, then looks at Maddox --
90) 12) dialog: I'll be safe when I'm outta here, you asshole!  I'm not talking any more! Talley drops the mike without a word and walks away --
94) 0) text: Dennis steps through the double doors that open from the entry and admires the room--rich paneled walls, soft leat couches and chairs, and a lush beaten-copper bar.  Walter Smith's office is directly across the hall. Dennis saunters behind the bar, letting his fingers play the copper, then pours a stiff Ketel One on the rocks. Kevin appears behind him, watching, as Dennis takes a sea one of the leather bar stools, then peels a hundred off a thick roll and drops it on the bar --
94) 1) dialog: (to an imaginary bartender) Keep the change, m'man. Dennis takes a deep drink of the vodka as Kevin approache
94) 3) dialog: We're fucked until we think of a way out; then we're rich.
94) 5) dialog: For chrissake, please!  Help me celebrate!  I figured it out!
94) 7) dialog: No, dumbass--Talley.  Talley's the guy who keeps us in here, and Talley's the guy who can let us out. Dennis grins as if he's discovered the wisdom of the ages
94) 8) dialog: Cops want to be rich like everyone else. All we have to do is share. (leans closer and lowers his voice) And if he wants someone to swing for the Chinaman, we'll give'm Mars.
97) 0) text: Talley, Maddox, and several tactical officers are lined a the rear wall, watching the house.  Talley, with a phone his ear, is looking through a night-vision scope -- He can see into the kitchen through the French doors.  Ma and Jennifer are inside, and, as we watch, Dennis and Kev enter --
98) 0) text: Dennis and Kevin are digging into plates of pizza and egg when the house goes dark --
98) 1) dialog: Shit!  It's the cops! The backyard ERUPTS; explosions from Starflash grenades J and CAREEN over the swimming pool like New Year fireworks It sounds like World War III -- Dennis throws himself behind the kitchen counter --
101) 3) dialog: Mars!  They're trying to blindside us! Check the front! Mars lurches to his feet and hurries to the office --
103) 3) dialog: You got a sniper out there, gonna shoot me?
103) 6) dialog: Would you be in a hurry to go to prison for the rest of your life?
103) 8) dialog: Maybe that's what I'm doing.  Can I reach in my pocket, show you something? Dennis Rooney steps closer because he doesn't want anyone else to see the wad of money he pulls out --
103) 9) dialog: That's fifty hundred-dollar bills.  Five grand.  They got money in this house, Talley, more than you've ever seen. Dennis pushes the money back into his pocket.
103) 10) dialog: How much would it be worth to you, getting me out of here? So that's what keeps Dennis in the house--money.  This is first that Talley has heard of the money --
103) 12) dialog: Two hundred thousand cash, right in your pocket, no one needs to know.
103) 14) dialog: There's a million dollars in there, maybe two million.  I'll give you half. Talley stares at Dennis, wondering how much to tell him a whether or not it will do any good --
103) 17) dialog: It ain't been a good day, Chief.
109) 0) text: Dennis is pouring another stiff glass of Ketel One --
109) 1) dialog: I shouldn't have told him about the money.  Now Talley is gonna keep it for himself. Kevin joins him at the bar.  Mars is by the doors --
109) 3) dialog: If we don't escape, we gotta get the word out about the cash.  That's how we'll stay alive.
109) 5) dialog: The only way he can keep the cash is if nobody knows about it.  He's gotta cap all three of us before they even read our rights.  He's probably planning it right now.
109) 7) dialog: Kevin, you're so fuckin' stupid... Kevin follows his brother to the couch and stares at him; Dennis has clearly lost his mind, and Kevin has reached t end of his rope --
109) 9) dialog: Fuck it's over.  That money's mine.
109) 11) dialog: Then we might as well die rich.
109) 13) dialog: You're my fuckin' anchor, Kevin, the fuckin' lead around my life that I've been draggin' like a cripple leg! Dennis gets up and steps back --
109) 14) dialog: Get this into your stupid head, Kevin. We're not leaving without the money. Beaten and whimpering, Kevin crawls away.  Dennis watches crawl out of the room, then looks at Mars --
109) 15) dialog: You got something to say?
109) 17) dialog: Fuckin' A. Dennis returns to the bar.  When he looks around again, M is gone--melted into the darkness.
118) 0) text: Dennis is sprawled on the couch, sucking the last few dro of Ketel One from the bottle.  He frowns at the empty bot then lumbers to his feet --
118) 1) dialog: (calling) Kev?  Key, Kevin, c'mon back.  I'm sorry I hit you. Dennis weaves through the door, carrying the empty bottle like his dearest friend --
119) 0) text: Dennis staggers into the kitchen --
119) 1) dialog: C'mon, Kev, don't fuckin' pout!  You're right.  It's time to call it a game.
119) 3) dialog: You mean he left, as in went out the front door?
119) 5) dialog: Shit!  That fuck!  Even when I want to turn myself in he screws it up!  Did he  take the kids with him?
119) 7) dialog: Jesus, get upstairs and find out!  If he took those kids, we're fucked! Mars cross the kitchen and goes for the stairs without another word --
119) 8) dialog: KEVIN!!!  You ASSHOLE!!! Dennis throws the bottle across the room --
120) 0) text: Thomas is scared by all the shouting, but he waits in the darkness until Dennis quiets, and then we notice that he no longer in his room; he's in the hobby room, once more trying to reach the gun -- Thomas stacks two phone books on the bench, then uses the phone books as an extra step to reach the high shelf -- He can finally reach the gun case!  He puts it on the ben then climbs down, and opens the case.  Thomas is bouyant confidence; now, he can protect himself and his sister! Thomas shoves the gun into his pants and creeps back into
123) 0) text: The scream from the laundry room having scared the shit o of Dennis, he has his gun out --
123) 1) dialog: Who's that?  Goddamnit, who's there? Dennis turns on his flashlight and sweeps the beam across kitchen --
123) 2) dialog: Kev?  Is that you?  Talley? Dennis weaves across the kitchen, pushing the gun ahead o him --
123) 3) dialog: Kevin, if that's you, say something. Mars said you left. Dennis steps through the door into --
124) 0) text: Dennis shines the light on the floor and sees the red ooz He follows the blood to Kevin's body, but even then doesn realize what he's seeing --
124) 1) dialog: Kevin, what the fuck?  Get up. Dennis steps closer, and now he sees the open neck, the grotesque white bone within the flesh -- Only one other person in the house could have done this -
124) 2) dialog: 
124) 4) dialog: 
125) 0) text: Dennis slams through the door so heard that the door cras into the wall.  Mars is across the room, still holding Jennifer by the neck -- Dennis aims his gun --
125) 1) dialog: You're dead, you fuck. Mars calmly pulls the girl in front of him, blocking Denn aim.
125) 4) dialog: This fuck killed Kevin.  There's blood everywhere down there -- Jennifer sobs.  And when she does -- Mars charges across the room holding Jennifer like a shie Dennis hesitates only a heartbeat, and then it's too late Jennifer crashes into him, the full force of Mars's weigh behind her, knocking Dennis backward into the hall --
126) 0) text: They fall through the door into a tangle on the floor.  M raises the hammer, then brings it down, smashing Dennis o and over --
127) 0) text: Thomas emerges from the closet to see the carnage in the hall:  Mars over Dennis, grunting like a pig as he turns Dennis into pulp, and Jennifer crawling away, splattered blood -- Thomas pulls the gun from his pants and darts past Mars i the hall --