22) 0) text: Jane Talley is an attractive woman in her mid-thirties. has the efficient manner of a registered nurse, which she and right now she's using all of her professional detachm to keep herself together --
22) 1) dialog: (into phone) No?  Then whose idea was it for you take a job in the middle of nowhere? Intercut Talley, who considers the photographs that decor his wall:  Shots of Talley in happier times with Jane and their teenaged daughter, Amanda; Talley as a young SWAT officer; the framed headline from the Bristo Weekly Stand proclaiming:  EX-SWAT COP NEW BRISTO CHIEF!
22) 3) dialog: You're hiding, Jeffrey.  You're hiding from the job and you're hiding from me.
22) 5) dialog: That happened a year ago.  You've been gone for almost six months.  How long do you have to punish yourself for something that wasn't your fault? Talley studies the picture of his wife and daughter.  He focuses on Amanda --
22) 7) dialog: (to Amanda) It's Dad.  He wants to speak with you.
22) 9) dialog: (back to Talley) She has to go to the bathroom. Jane turns away and lowers her voice, not wanting Amanda
22) 10) dialog: You're not only punishing yourself, Jeff. Amanda and I are in this, too. Talley knows, and he hurts like hell because of it --
22) 12) dialog: We'll see you in a couple of hours. Jane hangs up without waiting for a response, then closes eyes, trying hard to keep herself together.
22) 14) dialog: Pack your things.  You're going. Jane stalks away without a glance back, and Amanda angril flips off her mother --
35) 0) text: Talley, Jane, and Amanda are walking to the street.  Aman is excited; she thinks this is cool --
35) 3) dialog: Wait by the car, Mandy.  Give me a minute with Dad. They wait until Amanda is gone, then --
35) 5) dialog: Don't worry about it.  How are you doing?
35) 7) dialog: But they're not here yet.  Tell me about you. Jane touches his arm --
35) 8) dialog: Jesus, you're shaking. Self-conscious, Talley moves away so that he's out of rea
35) 10) dialog: You sure?
35) 12) dialog: I'm in no rush.  Maybe later we can talk. Talley gives her a gentle nod, then watches her walk away until --
35) 15) dialog: That's okay.  I love you anyway. Talley and Jane share the moment, and then she walks away
148) 0) text: Talley stumbles out of the room and runs to his family. scoops up Jane and Amanda, hugging them tightly as the ca pulls up and away, rising, leaving this reunited family a Marion Clewes disappears like a passing thunderhead --