10) 0) text: A boom box blasts the latest teendiva megahit as Walter's sixteen-year-old daughter, Jennifer, stretches out in cut shorts and a bikini top, working on her tan. Walter and Thomas appear in the French doors that open fr the back of the house --
10) 2) dialog: Can't we send him to Florida?
13) 0) text: The Smiths' home sports an open floor plan with the kitch centrally located between a large family room, a hall tha leads to the front of the house, and the French doors tha open onto the pool area. Jennifer is putting the finishing touches on three tuna sandwiches as she calls to her brother --
13) 1) dialog: Tell Daddy that lunch is ready. (no answer) Thomas, don't be a turd.  Tell --! She turns to find herself face-to-face with Dennis, who clamps a hand over her mouth --
13) 6) dialog: My father. Dennis grabs her hair and pulls her away --
14) 0) text: It happens fast:  Dennis shoves Jennifer into the room, a Mars and Kevin follow with Thomas -- Walter is feeding a computer print-out into a paper shred as they burst through the door --
16) 0) text: Dennis shoves Jennifer to the door --
17) 0) text: Welch is halfway up the walk when the door opens and Jennifer, clearly terrified, peers out.  Welch hesitates
17) 3) dialog: I didn't . . . see anyone. Welch stares into Jennifer's eyes, pointedly shifting his gaze to ask the silent question:  Are they here?
26) 4) dialog: Get out of our house! Her voice cuts through the din. Jennifer and Thomas are huddled with their father on the floor, Jennifer's arms crossed to cover herself --
26) 6) dialog: Why don't they go?!  Why don't they leave us alone and go?! Dennis charges up to her, screaming and waving his gun --
26) 12) dialog: Daddy, don't!
26) 17) dialog: Daddy!  Please! Walter checks that the computer disks are in the disk cas We can see their names clearly:  MARLON and AL.  He drops case into the drawer, then lifts out a thick booklet --
26) 26) dialog: Leave him alone!! Jennifer rushes to her father's side, but Walter's out co
28) 0) text: Jennifer and Thomas are bent over their father, wanting t help but not knowing how.  Walter's eyes flicker as if he dreaming, and the lump on his head is bleeding --
28) 1) dialog: He's not waking up.  He should be awake. Jennifer abruptly stands and faces Dennis --
28) 2) dialog: He needs a doctor.
28) 4) dialog: At least let me get some ice for his head. Dennis finally relents and shrugs at Mars --
29) 0) text: Jennifer goes to the counter.  Kevin is at the French doo nervous and scared; Mars is a dark shadow behind her -- She kneels to a low cabinet when Mars kicks it shut --
29) 2) dialog: I'm getting a wash cloth for the ice. Mars gazes down at her, enjoying his size and power.  He steps closer, bringing his groin closer to his face. Jennifer stands, holding her arms across her breasts --
29) 3) dialog: Please get away from me.
29) 7) dialog: I don't drink beer.
29) 9) dialog: What I want is to help my father. Jennifer hurries past him and disappears down the hall. as she leaves the phone starts ringing --
45) 5) dialog: My father needs a doctor.  Please.
45) 7) dialog: All you're doing is watching yourself on TV.  Look at him.
45) 9) dialog: I'm getting a doctor! Jennifer lurches to her feet and runs toward the front do Dennis catches her in two steps and backhands her exactly way his old man used to smack his old lady, knocking her the floor --
46) 0) text: Mars pushes Jennifer inside.  Kevin follows her with duct tape and a couple of extension cords.  Mars, holding Thom pauses in the hall --
46) 4) dialog: I don't see why you can't just lock me in.  It's not like I can go anywhere.
46) 6) dialog: Thanks for the shirt.
46) 8) dialog: Kevin, my father needs a doctor.
46) 11) dialog: If my father dies they'll charge you with his murder.  Can't you make Dennis see that? Kevin leans back.  He knows she's right, but he doesn't believe he can do anything about it --
49) 0) text: Jennifer twists around to see him, mumbling through the t
49) 3) dialog: Ow!  Shit!
49) 5) dialog: No one's coming.
49) 7) dialog: Mine, too.
49) 9) dialog: No!  I'm not going to leave Daddy with them! Thomas thinks about that and decides that he can't leave their father, either --
49) 11) dialog: You go, Thomas.  You get out, and I'll stay with Daddy.
49) 13) dialog: Go!  If you get out, maybe you can help the police! Thomas suddenly realizes what he has to do --
49) 15) dialog: (loud) You leave that gun alone!
49) 17) dialog: (louder) Better than you getting killed!  Don't touch that gun!  Daddy says -- Thomas slaps the tape back over her mouth.  Jennifer  struggles helplessly as Thomas slips back into the closet and is gone --
54) 0) text: The room is dark.  When Dennis and the others are gone, t ceiling hatch lifts, and Thomas lets himself down.  He sl onto the washing machine and then to the floor -- Thomas cups one hand over his flashlight and turns it on. lets light leak through his fingers so that he can see. beam cuts across a door to the garage, car keys on key ho and Jennifer's purse hanging from one of the hooks --
59) 0) text: Thomas is climbing onto the washing machine when he once sees Jennifer's purse hanging on a key hook -- Thomas jumps from the washer, grabs the purse, then scram into the ceiling as GUNSHOTS ECHO through the house --
67) 0) text: Dennis is holding Thomas around the neck, using the boy a shield.  Kevin is cowering on the floor and Mars is holdi Jennifer.  Dennis snatches up the phone --
68) 4) dialog: What about my father?
68) 6) dialog: Look at him!  I think he's dying!
69) 1) text: Thomas pulls open the hatch, fishes out his flashlight, t dumps the contents of Jennifer's purse on the floor. He picks up her cell phone.
85) 0) text: Jennifer is on her bed in the darkness, groggy with fear fatigue.  She hears someone outside in the hall --
85) 1) dialog: Thomas? The door knob rattles.  Jennifer slides out of bed and go to the door --
85) 2) dialog: Thomas, is that you? The door suddenly opens, and Mars is framed in the dim li Jennifer jumps back, terrified --
85) 3) dialog: What do you want?
85) 5) dialog: What?
86) 0) text: Mars shoves Jennifer into the kitchen.  Two frozen pizzas waiting on the counter --
86) 2) dialog: (under her breath) How about dog shit? Mars takes a carton of eggs and a package of hot dogs fro the refrigerator --
86) 4) dialog: I need a frying pan.  Would you get one? Over there, under the range. As soon as Mars turns away, Jennifer palms the knife and pushes it into the waist of her shorts --
97) 0) text: Talley, Maddox, and several tactical officers are lined a the rear wall, watching the house.  Talley, with a phone his ear, is looking through a night-vision scope -- He can see into the kitchen through the French doors.  Ma and Jennifer are inside, and, as we watch, Dennis and Kev enter --
110) 0) text: Jennifer is hiding in her shadows when her doorknob moves reaches pulls the knife from her shorts, keeping it hidde she backs away -- Kevin steps inside, leaving the door ajar --
110) 1) dialog: What do you want?
110) 3) dialog: What happened?
110) 5) dialog: I can't go without Thomas.
110) 7) dialog: How can we get out?
110) 9) dialog: Yes. Kevin goes back to the door, then considers her.  Maybe h wants to apologize for all this, but the best he can mana is --
122) 0) text: Jennifer is anxiously waiting for Kevin.  When she hears someone in the hall, she thinks that it's Kevin, but when door opens -- It's Mars. He steps inside, tall, wide, and massive as a bear.  He's carrying the claw hammer.  Jennifer backs away --
122) 2) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about. Mars turns off the lights.
122) 3) dialog: Don't do that.  Turn on the lights. Jennifer grows even more frightened.  Mars follows her ac the room until she backs into the window --
122) 4) dialog: You'd better get out of here!  Kevin's coming back!
122) 7) dialog: Stop it. Mars rakes the claws slowly between her breasts as Jennif finds the knife in her shorts.  She jerks free the blade stabs blindly burying the knife high in his chest, but Ma doesn't even step back -- He grips the handle, moaning hideously as he pulls out th knife.  A red flower blossoms from the wound. Jennifer tries to get past him, but he grabs her throat a pins her to the wall --
125) 0) text: Dennis slams through the door so heard that the door cras into the wall.  Mars is across the room, still holding Jennifer by the neck -- Dennis aims his gun --
125) 3) dialog: Please... Dennis tries to aim past her --
127) 0) text: Thomas emerges from the closet to see the carnage in the hall:  Mars over Dennis, grunting like a pig as he turns Dennis into pulp, and Jennifer crawling away, splattered blood -- Thomas pulls the gun from his pants and darts past Mars i the hall --
128) 0) text: Thomas grabs Jennifer's arm and pulls her toward the stai
128) 3) dialog: Keep going! They back toward the stairs, Thomas trying to hold the gu steady.  Mars follows, spreading his arms wide as if to embrace them --
128) 6) dialog: Run!!!!! Thomas and Jennifer sprint for the stairs --
129) 0) text: Jennifer and Thomas crash down the stairs and spill into entry.  Thomas goes to the front door but Jennifer pulls away --
129) 1) dialog: No!  They have everything nailed! They race away down the hall just as Mars reaches the bot of the stairs --
130) 0) text: Mars is closing.  Jennifer and Thomas scramble through th bedroom only paces ahead of him.  They run straight into
131) 0) text: Jennifer and Thomas slam the door and throw the bolts jus Mars crashes into the door -- Jennifer and Thomas have made it.  They are shaking and scared, but they are safe.
131) 1) dialog: He can't reach us in here.  We're safe.
131) 3) dialog: What's he doing? They can see him on the monitors--moving through the hall going into the entry.... Mars picks up a bucket of gasoline.  He splashes gas on t walls and floor all the way back to the bedroom, and then empties the bucket on the security room's door -- Mars looks up at the camera again and takes out a match. flicks it with his thumbnail and it flares --
131) 4) dialog: Ohmigod, he's going to burn us! Mars tosses the match, and the room erupts into flame --
139) 0) text: It's an inferno as Talley and Jones come through the door They spot the two men on the floor just as -- Mars rears up behind the flames.  He is shirtless and  glistening, screaming maniacally is he fires his gun -- Talley and Jones fire in unison, pounding Mars with bulle and knocking him into the fire.  Mars thrashes and scream burning alive -- Talley hears pounding inside the safe room:  Jennifer and Thomas!  He fights his way to the security door, which is covered with flames --
140) 0) text: Talley shepherds Jennifer and Thomas past the flames --
142) 2) dialog: Daddy!