3) 0) text: A rotted-out Toyota pickup lurches to a stop alongside th minimart, white-boy hip-hop booming on the radio which di with the engine -- Dennis Rooney is driving; twenty-three years old, working class desert trash with a high opinion of his own broodin good looks.  In the middle: Kevin Rooney, nineteen, scare shitless at what they're about to do.  Riding shotgun:  M Krupchek, twenty-four, a large pasty guy with a shaved he and faraway eyes.
3) 1) dialog: C'mon, Dennis, this is stupid.  I thought we were gonna go to the movies.
3) 5) dialog: Robbing this place is gonna put you back in prison.
3) 7) dialog: We got jobs, man; we're working.  Why even take the chance?
4) 4) dialog: (screaming in the background) Dennis!  Dennis, someone's coming! Kim falls into the Slurpy machine, then slides to the flo Dennis scrambles over the counter and sprints for the doo But Mars hesitates.  Instead of running, he picks up Kim' gun, then leans over the counter to look at Kim's body. cannot see his face --
5) 0) text: A forty-something soccer mom named Margaret Hammond is ab to enter the minimart when Dennis and Kevin burst out, knocking her on her ass.  Mars follows a moment later -- Margaret watches their red pickup lurch away, then rushes into the store --
6) 1) dialog: There's fuckin' blood all over you!
7) 0) text: Flanders Road is lined with trees, hedges, and the exclus housing developments that dot the countryside around Bris Camino. The Toyota jerks to a stop well off the road, and Dennis, Mars, and Kevin pile out, stuffing pistols and bullets in their pockets --
7) 1) dialog: That woman's gonna call the cops.
7) 3) dialog: What if he's dead?  What if you killed him? Dennis grabs him by the throat; Mars steps between them -
7) 6) dialog: We're on foot.  We can't get away.
14) 0) text: It happens fast:  Dennis shoves Jennifer into the room, a Mars and Kevin follow with Thomas -- Walter is feeding a computer print-out into a paper shred as they burst through the door --
14) 10) dialog: Dennis!  The cops! Dennis rushes to the window --
26) 0) text: Gunsmoke fills the air.  Kevin is freaking.  He throws a magazine at Mars --
26) 1) dialog: We could've gone out the back!  You didn't have to shoot!
26) 3) dialog: We should give up.  All we're doing is making it worse.
29) 0) text: Jennifer goes to the counter.  Kevin is at the French doo nervous and scared; Mars is a dark shadow behind her -- She kneels to a low cabinet when Mars kicks it shut --
29) 4) dialog: (from the background) Mars?  What are you doing? Kevin's intrusion shatters the moment.  Jennifer quickly snatches a wash cloth from the cabinet, then takes an ice tray from the freezer and brings it back to the counter - As Jennifer puts ice in the wash cloth, she sees the pari knife that she used for the sandwiches partially hidden b paper towels -- She glances at Kevin, but cannot see Mars; he's at the refrigerator behind her.  Jennifer slowly reaches for the knife --
33) 0) text: Kevin dogs along beside Dennis, speaking softly so that M doesn't overhear --
33) 1) dialog: I have to tell you something --
33) 3) dialog: It's about Mars -- They reach the master bedroom suite, a huge room with sli glass doors that overlook the pool --
33) 4) dialog: That cop didn't pull his gun.  Mars lied. He just started shooting!
33) 6) dialog: I was there, Dennis!  I saw!  It's like he wanted to shoot that cop.
33) 10) dialog: Jesus.  What is this?
33) 13) dialog: I can see you! Dennis steps back into the closet, and this time he exami the door.  He closes it enough to reveal thick throw-bolt
33) 15) dialog: Dennis -- Kevin pushes the clothes aside to reveal an open bag.  It filled with hundred dollar bills.  Dennis kneels beside h brother and opens the second bag.  It's filled with hundr dollar bills, too --
45) 0) text: Kevin is grimly watching news coverage of their standoff Mars and Dennis enter.  A female anchor is reporting on t events at York Estates with Dennis's booking photo cut in the picture --
45) 3) dialog: Everyone knows what we look like, Dennis.  We won't be able to hide. 
45) 11) dialog: Stop it!  Stop it, Dennis!  Jesus! Mars steps forward and jerks Thomas into the air.  Mars' physical presence is suddenly so imposing that everyone s fighting --
46) 0) text: Mars pushes Jennifer inside.  Kevin follows her with duct tape and a couple of extension cords.  Mars, holding Thom pauses in the hall --
46) 2) dialog: Here.  Put this on. She pulls it over her head --
46) 3) dialog: You gotta pee?
46) 5) dialog: Either I'm going to tie you or Mars will tie you.  Which do you want? Jennifer sits.  Kevin pulls her hands behind the back of chair.  As he ties her, Jennifer decides that if any of t can be reached, it's Kevin --
46) 7) dialog: Whatever.
46) 10) dialog: He's just knocked out.  I've been knocked out.
46) 12) dialog: I can't make Dennis see anything. A shadow moves behind Kevin.  It's Mars, standing in the door.  He holds up a wicked claw hammer --
46) 16) dialog: Make sure she can breathe. Mars rubs his fingers hard over the tape covering her mou He massages the tape into her skin, slow, sensual --
52) 1) dialog: Someone should stay with Mr. Smith.  What if he wakes up?
52) 4) dialog: That's crazy, Dennis.  The cops will see us.
52) 6) dialog: Like what?
53) 0) text: We see Dennis, Kevin, and Mars through a slit overhead as they emerge from the garage and move back into the house Thomas is watching them.  He has cracked open the service hatch in the laundry room ceiling to make sure that his w is clear --
56) 0) text: Dennis is in the doorway to the security closet, handing one of the money bags to Kevin --
56) 1) dialog: We can't carry all this.  It's too heavy.
56) 3) dialog: Everything we're doing is making it worse.  You can't let him burn this house. Dennis abruptly grabs Kevin by the throat, his face hard fury --
57) 0) text: Mars is placing two buckets of gasoline in the hall as De and Kevin pound down the hall --
67) 0) text: Dennis is holding Thomas around the neck, using the boy a shield.  Kevin is cowering on the floor and Mars is holdi Jennifer.  Dennis snatches up the phone --
68) 0) text: Dennis and Kevin are at the television, watching an aeria view of the Sheriffs deploying around the house.  Jennife and Thomas are huddled by their father --
68) 1) dialog: We're surrounded.  They're all over the neighborhood. Mars enters carrying candles and flashlights.  He lights candle and place it on a table --
94) 0) text: Dennis steps through the double doors that open from the entry and admires the room--rich paneled walls, soft leat couches and chairs, and a lush beaten-copper bar.  Walter Smith's office is directly across the hall. Dennis saunters behind the bar, letting his fingers play the copper, then pours a stiff Ketel One on the rocks. Kevin appears behind him, watching, as Dennis takes a sea one of the leather bar stools, then peels a hundred off a thick roll and drops it on the bar --
94) 2) dialog: We're fucked.
94) 4) dialog: There is no way out.
94) 6) dialog: Celebrate what?  Going to prison? Dennis enjoys another stiff belt --
98) 0) text: Dennis and Kevin are digging into plates of pizza and egg when the house goes dark --
101) 2) dialog: What's he doing?  What's going on?!
109) 2) dialog: He said that? Dennis downs a big hit of vodka, then moves to the couch
109) 4) dialog: What are you talking about?
109) 6) dialog: That's crazy.  He's not going to kill us.
109) 8) dialog: It's over.  We have to give up.
109) 10) dialog: That money's fucked up your brain. Talley's going to get tired of waiting for us to give up, and we'll all be fuckin' killed! Dennis tips his glass, like a toast --
109) 12) dialog: I'm not going to die for this! Kevin slaps the glass away.  Dennis boils up from the cou He grabs his brother and the two of them fall over the co table, Dennis hammering Kevin in a furious rage until he out of gas --
110) 0) text: Jennifer is hiding in her shadows when her doorknob moves reaches pulls the knife from her shorts, keeping it hidde she backs away -- Kevin steps inside, leaving the door ajar --
110) 2) dialog: Keep your voice down.  I'm taking you and your brother out of here. Jennifer now sees the marks and cuts on his face --
110) 4) dialog: Do you want to go or not?  I'm offering you a way out of here.
110) 6) dialog: All three of us will go, but we have to move fast.  Mars and Dennis don't know I'm doing this.
110) 8) dialog: Dennis and Mars are in the den.  I'll get your brother, then come back for you. We'll go down the stairs and out the front door, you understand?
110) 10) dialog: Put on some shoes. Kevin slips out and pulls the door closed.
111) 0) text: As Kevin emerges from the room, he comes face-to-face wit Mars. Mars is a great black shadow in the dark, only inches awa Kevin steps back --
111) 1) dialog: You scared the shit out of me.  I was looking for you.  Dennis wants you to watch the monitors.
111) 3) dialog: It's over, Mars.  If we stay the cops will kill us.  Don't you get that? Mars seems thoughtful, steps aside --
121) 0) text: Thomas is climbing onto the washing machine when his foot slips and he bangs his head -- It's so dark in ehre that Thomas can't see what made him  slip, but he tests the floor.  His shoe makes a tacky sou Thomas cups his hand over his flashlight like before, and turns it on.  A dark liquid like oil is spreading on the floor. Thomas follows it with his light to the broom closet.  He lets out more light and sees that the oil is red. Thomas knows that something terrible is behind the door, he is drawn to it.  He reaches out -- Kevin's lifeless body topples out, collapsing in a heap a Thomas's feet.  His neck is cut so deeply that his head i almost severed -- His eyes are open. Thomas screams!
122) 0) text: Jennifer is anxiously waiting for Kevin.  When she hears someone in the hall, she thinks that it's Kevin, but when door opens -- It's Mars. He steps inside, tall, wide, and massive as a bear.  He's carrying the claw hammer.  Jennifer backs away --
124) 0) text: Dennis shines the light on the floor and sees the red ooz He follows the blood to Kevin's body, but even then doesn realize what he's seeing --