3) 3) dialog: I'll check it out. Mars slides out of the truck.  He has a tattoo on the bac his tattoo that says:  BURN IT. As soon as Mars is gone, Dennis frowns at Kevin --
3) 10) dialog: It's perfect. That's all it takes.
4) 0) text: Junior Kim, Jr., is short, squat, and forty-two years old He's reading a magazine behind the counter when Dennis an Mars enter; Dennis trying to disarm him with a smile -- As Dennis reaches the counter, he lifts his tee-shirt to reveal the butt of his pistol --
4) 2) dialog: He's got a gun! Dennis lunges across the counter, grabbing Kim's gun, and two men are suddenly locked in a ferocious death-struggle possession of the weapon --
5) 0) text: A forty-something soccer mom named Margaret Hammond is ab to enter the minimart when Dennis and Kevin burst out, knocking her on her ass.  Mars follows a moment later -- Margaret watches their red pickup lurch away, then rushes into the store --
6) 4) dialog: Relax.  It's only blood. Dennis upshifts hard again, the truck lurching as the tra howls --
7) 0) text: Flanders Road is lined with trees, hedges, and the exclus housing developments that dot the countryside around Bris Camino. The Toyota jerks to a stop well off the road, and Dennis, Mars, and Kevin pile out, stuffing pistols and bullets in their pockets --
7) 4) dialog: People are looking. Dennis sees that Mars is right; people in passing cars ar looking.  He releases his brother --
14) 0) text: It happens fast:  Dennis shoves Jennifer into the room, a Mars and Kevin follow with Thomas -- Walter is feeding a computer print-out into a paper shred as they burst through the door --
18) 0) text: are peering out the shutters when -- Mars suddenly shouts --
18) 1) dialog: He's going for his gun! Mars opens fire, shooting through the window as --
26) 0) text: Gunsmoke fills the air.  Kevin is freaking.  He throws a magazine at Mars --
29) 0) text: Jennifer goes to the counter.  Kevin is at the French doo nervous and scared; Mars is a dark shadow behind her -- She kneels to a low cabinet when Mars kicks it shut --
29) 1) dialog: I thought you wanted ice. Mars towers over her, his groin inches from her face --
29) 5) dialog: Hey. Jennifer freezes, terrified.  She pushes the knife behind Cuisinart to hide it, then turns.  Mars is offering her a beer.
29) 6) dialog: Want one?
29) 8) dialog: Mommy won't know.  You can do anything you want right now.  Mommy won't know.
34) 0) text: We're watching a grainy black and white security tape of Junior Kim's robbery/homicide.  It shows Kim behind the counter as Dennis and Mars enter --
43) 23) text: Dennis is on the floor with the money, touching it, feeli it, smelling it.  Mars is standing over him, profoundly unmoved --
43) 25) dialog: It's a safety room.  If anyone breaks into your house, you can hide.
43) 27) dialog: We're trapped in a house. Mars walks away --
44) 0) text: Dennis and Mars are returning to the front of the house, Dennis irritated at Mars's lack of enthusiasm --  
44) 2) dialog: You can't run with suitcases. Dennis grabs Mars by the arm, stopping him --
45) 0) text: Kevin is grimly watching news coverage of their standoff Mars and Dennis enter.  A female anchor is reporting on t events at York Estates with Dennis's booking photo cut in the picture --
45) 12) dialog: (quietly) We should tie them.  We can put them upstairs out of the way. It takes Dennis a moment to come up to speed with that, b then he nods --
45) 14) dialog: (to Kevin) Find something:  Extension cords, rope, wire--we'll have to tie them tight.
46) 0) text: Mars pushes Jennifer inside.  Kevin follows her with duct tape and a couple of extension cords.  Mars, holding Thom pauses in the hall --
46) 1) dialog: Tie her to the chair.  I'll take care of the windows when I finish with the boy. Mars disappears with Thomas down the hall.  Jennifer stan by the chair, arms once more crossed over her breasts.  Kevin can see that she's scared.  He takes a T-shirt from where she's left it on the floor and hands it to her --
46) 13) dialog: Look what I found. He enters and tests at Jennifer's binds --
46) 14) dialog: You tied her like a pussy.  Make it tight. As Kevin reties the bindings, Mars rips the phone from th wall.  He smashes the phone jack with the hammer, crushin it.  Then he goes to the window and drives a heavy nail i the sill, nailing the window closed -- Mars returns to Jennifer and once more checks her binds -
46) 15) dialog: Better. He tears off a strip of duct tape and presses it over her mouth --
46) 17) dialog: Go downstairs, Kevin. Jennifer looks at Kevin, her eyes pleading that he not le but Kevin is cowed; he leaves -- Jennifer looks back at Mars -- Mars leans close to her.  She is terrified that he is goi to kiss her, but, instead, he sniffs, smelling her --
46) 18) dialog: I want to show you something. Mars hooks the claw hammer under his shirt and lifts to expose his chest.  A large tattoo in flowing script is li across his body:  A Mother's Son.
46) 19) dialog: It cost two hundred forty dollars, but I was happy to spend it.  I love my mom. You see these? Mars points out hard gray knots that speckle his chest as he were diseased.  He fingers the lumps sensuously as if touching them excites him --
46) 20) dialog: My mom burned me with cigarettes. Jennifer is both disgusted and terrified.  Mars stares at emptily for another moment, then lowers his shirt and lea without another word.
47) 0) text: The room is dark.  Thomas is tied firmly to the bed.  The cords cut into Thomas's wrists and Thomas can't reach the knots, but Mars made one mistake:  He tied Thomas to the headboard posts, and one of the newels has been loose for years -- Thomas stretches against the ropes to reach the newel, th twists it back and forth.  He works it harder and harder until the newel slides off its pin, and suddenly his hand free, though still tied to the newel -- Thomas peels the tape from his mouth, then unties the remaining binds and frees himself from the newel.  He sli off his bed and crawls along the wall to his closet --
52) 0) text: The garage is dark, lit only by the light that comes from kitchen's open door, as Dennis, Mars and a reluctant Kevi enter --
52) 7) dialog: Let's burn the house. Mars says it so simply that the moment is frozen.  Mars i holding the big claw hammer, kneading it as if it was a living thing.  His face is masked by shadows, but his eye both glow as if already reflecting flame --
53) 0) text: We see Dennis, Kevin, and Mars through a slit overhead as they emerge from the garage and move back into the house Thomas is watching them.  He has cracked open the service hatch in the laundry room ceiling to make sure that his w is clear --
57) 0) text: Mars is placing two buckets of gasoline in the hall as De and Kevin pound down the hall --
57) 2) dialog: I got the gasoline --
62) 0) text: Dennis and Mars pound up the stairs, getting closer to hi room --
64) 0) text: Dennis and Mars reach the second floor --
67) 0) text: Dennis is holding Thomas around the neck, using the boy a shield.  Kevin is cowering on the floor and Mars is holdi Jennifer.  Dennis snatches up the phone --
68) 3) dialog: They'll cut the power. Mars tosses a flashlight to Dennis --
69) 0) text: Mars shoves Thomas into the room, then lifts the claw ham For an instant, we think he's going to hit the boy--but h smashes off the door knob, instead. Mars glares at Thomas, then pulls the door closed.  The k on Thomas's side is gone; there's no way for Thomas to op the door. But that's okay by Thomas.  He waits until he's sure that Mars is gone, and then he hurries back to his closet --
85) 4) dialog: We can't make the microwave work. That seems so outlandish that Jennifer is confused --
85) 6) dialog: We're hungry.  You're going to cook. Mars grabs her hair, and pushes her out the door --
86) 0) text: Mars shoves Jennifer into the kitchen.  Two frozen pizzas waiting on the counter --
86) 1) dialog: Make the pizza.  I want scrambled eggs and hot dogs on mine.
86) 3) dialog: With hot sauce and butter. Jennifer takes a bowl from the cupboard.  When she sets d the bowl, she sees the handle of the paring knife by the processor.  Jennifer breaks eggs into the bowl --
94) 9) dialog: Dennis. Mars is standing in the doors, large and ominous.  For an insane moment Dennis thinks that Mars has heard, but then
94) 10) dialog: The food's ready. Dennis grins, then shoves Kevin out of the room ahead of the three of them disappearing toward the kitchen as -- The camera drifts up to an air vent in the ceiling, throu the slats in the grate to --
102) 0) text: Thomas is heading for the door when he hears footsteps co fast toward the office -- Thomas reverses course and ducks under the desk.  He pull himself into a ball and tries not to breathe -- Mars is in the room. The desk is a great oak monster, big as a boat.  It sits curvy legs that leave a gap between the desk and the floo Thomas can see feet -- The feet go to the windows --
109) 16) dialog: I like it here, Dennis.  I'm never going to leave.
111) 0) text: As Kevin emerges from the room, he comes face-to-face wit Mars. Mars is a great black shadow in the dark, only inches awa Kevin steps back --
111) 2) dialog: I heard you with the girl. Kevin takes another step back, but Mars follows him, stay uncomfortably close --
111) 4) dialog: I get it.  If you want to go, go. Kevin expected Mars to stop him, but Mars is letting him Kevin turns away and hurries down the hall --
119) 4) dialog: I overheard him with the girl.
119) 6) dialog: I don't know.
122) 0) text: Jennifer is anxiously waiting for Kevin.  When she hears someone in the hall, she thinks that it's Kevin, but when door opens -- It's Mars. He steps inside, tall, wide, and massive as a bear.  He's carrying the claw hammer.  Jennifer backs away --
122) 1) dialog: Kevin left without you.
122) 5) dialog: Kevin's gone, your daddy's gone,  everybody's gone. When Mars reaches her, he touches the hammer to the chest pressing to make it hurt --
122) 6) dialog: Now we can do whatever we want.
122) 8) dialog: You're going to enjoy this. He raises the knife to her face --
124) 3) dialog: Dennis hears Jennifer screaming upstairs --
124) 5) dialog: Dennis rushes from the room --
125) 0) text: Dennis slams through the door so heard that the door cras into the wall.  Mars is across the room, still holding Jennifer by the neck -- Dennis aims his gun --
125) 2) dialog: What's wrong, Dennis?  Why're you so pissed off? It's weird the way Mars is acting, so calm and all.  But Dennis can see the feat in Jennifer's face and her swolle eyes.  She manages one word --
127) 0) text: Thomas emerges from the closet to see the carnage in the hall:  Mars over Dennis, grunting like a pig as he turns Dennis into pulp, and Jennifer crawling away, splattered blood -- Thomas pulls the gun from his pants and darts past Mars i the hall --
128) 4) dialog: Everyone's gone.  We can do whatever we want.  We can do anything.
130) 0) text: Mars is closing.  Jennifer and Thomas scramble through th bedroom only paces ahead of him.  They run straight into
131) 0) text: Jennifer and Thomas slam the door and throw the bolts jus Mars crashes into the door -- Jennifer and Thomas have made it.  They are shaking and scared, but they are safe.
134) 0) text: The fire is spreading, following the gasoline trail throu the hall and the rest of the house; a thick layer of smok covers the ceiling -- Mars sees that the outside lights have been turned off, a senses that the cops are making their move.  That's all r with Mars--he's been waiting to die for most of his life Mars checks the load in his pistol, then melts away into dark -- A moment later, throbbing music pounds the house --
137) 0) text: The sliding glass doors shatter as one of Jones's men breaches the door.  As he rolls to his feet, Mars shoots from the flames -- A second man rolls through the door, and Mars shoots agai laughing as the man writhes in flames --
139) 0) text: It's an inferno as Talley and Jones come through the door They spot the two men on the floor just as -- Mars rears up behind the flames.  He is shirtless and  glistening, screaming maniacally is he fires his gun -- Talley and Jones fire in unison, pounding Mars with bulle and knocking him into the fire.  Mars thrashes and scream burning alive -- Talley hears pounding inside the safe room:  Jennifer and Thomas!  He fights his way to the security door, which is covered with flames --