76) 1) dialog: (meaning the gun) Do you see the fuckin' gun?!  Look at it! Talley freezes.  He's been blindsided by this insane shit but he knows better than to move --
76) 3) dialog: Where's your gun?
76) 6) dialog: Follow the Mustang.  We won't go far. The Mustang pulls out, and Talley follows.
78) 0) text: The Watchman puts Talley's car in park, turns off the ignition, and takes the key.
78) 1) dialog: I know you're scared, but unless you do something stupid we're not going to hurt you.  You understand? Two more masked men approach from the other cars, one com to Talley's window, the other getting into the back seat behind the Watchman.
78) 2) dialog: Don't just fuckin' sit there, dumbass.  Do you understand?
78) 4) dialog: These guys are going to take hold of you. Don't freak out.  It's for your own good. The three men take hold of Talley, the man behind again looping his arm around Talley's neck, the other two each twisting Talley's arms --
78) 6) dialog: Say hello.
78) 8) dialog: (trying to calm Talley) I know, I know--she's all right.  Your kid's all right, too.  C'mon, now, relax. From this point on, you control what  happens to them. Talley can barely breathe, they're holding him so tight -
78) 9) dialog: Can we let go?  You past your shock and all that, we can turn you loose and you won't do something stupid?
78) 11) dialog: Here's the deal--Walter Smith has two computer disks like this in his house. They're labeled 'Marlon' and 'Al.' The Watchman holds up a thick black Zip disk.  Talley's expression tells us that this is the weirdest shit he's e heard --
78) 13) dialog: We want them.  You will not let anyone go into that house--or anything come out-- until my people recover these disks.
78) 15) dialog: You will re-assume command.  In two hours, a group of my people will arrive at York Estates.  You will tell the Sheriffs that they are an FBI tactical team. The Watchman puts the white cell phone into Talley's hand
78) 16) dialog: When this phone rings, you answer.  It will be me.  I'll tell you what to do. When I have what I want, you get your family.
78) 18) dialog: I have people in York Estates right under your nose.  If you do anything except what I'm telling you, you'll get Jane and Amanda back in the mail.  We clear on  that?
78) 20) dialog: Smith will know. The Watchman and the others get out of Talley's car.  The doors slam shut.  The Watchman leans in --
78) 21) dialog: When it rings, answer. The Watchman tosses the keys into Talley's lap.  We hear doors open and close; the cars, front and back, roar to l and speed away -- Talley focuses on the Mustang's license plate, franticall scratching down the number --
108) 0) text: Talley is pacing by his car in the deserted parking lot. pounds the hood, cursing, awash in rage and frustration - And then a phone rings. Talley takes out the phones.  The white phone is ringing. The Watchman's phone -- Talley answers furiously, the two of them instantaneously screaming at each other --