8) 1) dialog: You can pick them up whenever you want.
9) 0) text: Walter Smith is at his computer behind his desk.  He's fo and fit, casually dressed with thinning hair and glasses, currently leaning back as he talks on his phone --
9) 1) dialog: (into the phone) I have his corporate and personal on two disks, labeled Marlon and Al. As Smith talks, he ejects a Zip disk from his computer, attaches a label reading Al, then places it in a palm-siz case beside the first disk, Marlon --
9) 2) dialog: What, you don't have a sense of humor? He's going to love it. Walter's ten-year-old son, Thomas, suddenly charges aroun the desk and pulls at his father's arm --
9) 4) dialog: (into the phone) Yeah, that's Thomas, the human piranha. I have to feed the animals while Pam's in Florida with her sister.
9) 6) dialog: (still with the phone) Listen, is Glen on his way?  Great.  The paper's bagged and ready to go.  Bye. (hangs up; then) All right, all right, all right--it's  feeding time! Walter allows his son to pull him around the desk to --
10) 0) text: A boom box blasts the latest teendiva megahit as Walter's sixteen-year-old daughter, Jennifer, stretches out in cut shorts and a bikini top, working on her tan. Walter and Thomas appear in the French doors that open fr the back of the house --
10) 1) dialog: (calling) Jen!  Come feed your brother!  He's wasting away!
10) 3) dialog: Jen, c'mon, chop-chop!  I've got to finish my work! Jennifer rolls her eyes, rises from the chaise longue, an pads to the house.  As she clears the frame, the camera swings toward the overgrown wall at the edge of the prope Dennis silenty drops into the bushes --
14) 0) text: It happens fast:  Dennis shoves Jennifer into the room, a Mars and Kevin follow with Thomas -- Walter is feeding a computer print-out into a paper shred as they burst through the door --
14) 2) dialog: (quietly) Jen?  Are you all right?
14) 5) dialog: Who sent you?
14) 7) dialog: The car.  All you want is the car?
14) 9) dialog: The keys are on the wall by the garage. Take it.  The tank's almost full.
26) 5) dialog: (softly) Quiet, Jen.
26) 8) dialog: None of you will get out of this. Dennis spins toward Walter, leveling his gun --
26) 10) dialog: I'm going to my desk.
26) 13) dialog: (casually; to Dennis) Take it easy, son.  I'm only going to my desk. Walter eases past Dennis, who doesn't know what to do --
26) 15) dialog: I have contacts in Los Angeles.  Lawyers and judges who can help you. Walter slips open the center drawer.  Dennis thinks that Walter might go for a gun.  He screams louder and aims between Walter's eyes --
26) 18) dialog: This is every criminal lawyer in  California.  If you give up now, right  now, I'll buy you the best lawyer in the state. Dennis slaps the book aside, even more angry --
26) 21) dialog: You won't die if you let me help.
26) 23) dialog: But if you stay in this house, I can promise you this --
26) 25) dialog: You can't imagine the fucking you're going to get. Dennis snaps.  He swings the gun hard and smashes Walter the temple.  Walter drops like a rock.
28) 0) text: Jennifer and Thomas are bent over their father, wanting t help but not knowing how.  Walter's eyes flicker as if he dreaming, and the lump on his head is bleeding --
55) 0) text: This is a small room off the end of the laundry with a wo bench, a stool, and shelves above the bench for Walter's hobby supplies -- Thomas shines the light over the shelves, spotting the ha plastic pistol case on the highest shelf.  That's the tar that's the goal -- Thomas uses the stool to climb onto the bench --
89) 0) text: A young physician named Klaus is examining Walter as Tall steps up into the ambulance --
94) 0) text: Dennis steps through the double doors that open from the entry and admires the room--rich paneled walls, soft leat couches and chairs, and a lush beaten-copper bar.  Walter Smith's office is directly across the hall. Dennis saunters behind the bar, letting his fingers play the copper, then pours a stiff Ketel One on the rocks. Kevin appears behind him, watching, as Dennis takes a sea one of the leather bar stools, then peels a hundred off a thick roll and drops it on the bar --
106) 0) text: Talley and Jorgenson huddle in the hall with Klaus and th supervisor, Dr. Estelle Reese.  Metzger is outside Walter room in the background --
107) 0) text: Walter's eyes flutter open.  His voice is slurred, but understandable --
107) 1) dialog: Where am I? Klaus peels open Walter's eyes, passing his penlight over one, then the other --
107) 3) dialog: Walter Smith. All of Walter's memories come flooding back, and he tries sit up.  Klaus forces him down --
107) 4) dialog: Where are my children?
107) 10) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
142) 0) text: Walter is resting comfortably when Talley steps up beside bed.  Talley is a mess--smokey, dirty, greased with sweat
142) 3) dialog: Thank God!  Are you guys all right? You're not hurt?
142) 5) dialog: (to Jennifer and Thomas) You guys step out for a second.  I have to talk to the Chief. Walter waits until his children are gone, and then --
142) 6) dialog: Did you find the disks?
142) 8) dialog: Then you have everything.  You can put them away.
142) 10) dialog: That would be Glen Howell.  He was on his way for the disks.