36) 6) dialog: Hey Tyler! She whirls.  Bodhi pumps his arm.  Tyler jogs back for th catch.  Bullseye.  She shoots Bodhi a look.  Something crosses her face. Bodhi smiles.  Tyler doesn't.  Then it passes. She chucks the ball to Utah. Who drops his board and makes the catch in one move. He SPINS the football on his fingertip, drops it on his foot, kicks it up into his hands.  Razzle dazzle.  He grins evilly.
37) 0) text: Rimmed by a dozen car HEADLIGHTS at the edge of the sand. Utah crouches, waiting for the snap from NATHANIEL, ponytailed and powerfully built.  Facing them on defense are Bodhi, Tyler and three others: ROACH, gonzo and spiked-haired.  GROMMET... 17 and thin as a stick, and ROSIE, a biker with piggy eyes and arms blue with tattoos MONTAGE STYLE -- Utah tosses a flurry of mindboggling passes.  Every one picture perfect.  Nathaniel scrambles z-out left, turns and the ball is practically waiting for him.  Touchdowns galore.  Endzone dancing.  Bodhi stares at him curiously. Tyler rushes.  Utah enjoys scrambling, ducking left and right, twisting her into a pretzel.  Play after play. Utah tosses another touchdown, but Tyler keeps coming. Sacking him. They lie together in a heap, laughing. Bodhi quarterbacks.  Utah rushes.  Bodhi fakes a pass the runs, ball tucked in his arm.  Utah tears after him.  Fla out speed run. Roach attempts a block.  Utah hits him like a freight train. Roach hits the sand face first. Grommet and Rosie the biker in a squeeze play. Utah, fierce now, blasts between them.  No mercy. Utah can't play for fun.  We see his expression. Something scary there.  What we will call "juggernaut mode". Tyler just steps aside. Bodhi running along wet sand as a wave sweeps up the beach.  Looks back.  Sees a demon shooting up roostertail of spray behind him, gaining.  Pours it on.  Both of them pistoning through curtains of water.  Not a game anymore. Closing on the endzone.  5 yards.  Utah is airborne. SLAMS BODHI LIKE A SAM MISSILE.  They crash and burn together in the surf. The other surfers run up.  Who's this newcomer that just centerpunched their main man?  Industrial strength tension.
37) 2) dialog: Chill, brah.  You know who this is? Johnny Utah.  Ohio State, all- conference. (to Utah)
37) 7) dialog: Something happened.  You got nuked in the last quarter.
37) 9) dialog: And that's why you never went pro?
37) 11) dialog: Mmm.  A lawyer, huh? (like it's a disease)
46) 13) dialog: Back off!  Now!!  Just let it go!
46) 15) dialog: He's with me.  Now back off. Seriously.Just do it! (they relax slightly)
46) 23) dialog: Whoa!  Whoa!  Hold it, ladies.  Give it a rest. (to Utah)
46) 25) dialog: (under his breath)
46) 26) text: Do me a favor, Johnny, just keep walking. Tone starts to go after them.  Archbold grabs his arm. They help Bunker up.  Warchild holds he bleeding nose. Utah and Bodhi start up the stairs, turn a corner and run HEAD-ON into a huffing PAPPAS. The big man clocks a battered but intact Utah. We see him shift gears in his head in 2 tenths of a second.
47) 0) text: Bodhi and Utah weave among the cars and motorcycles, beach-types coming and going.
47) 2) dialog: The one you decked is Bunker Wiess. The big one is his brother, Warchild.  The other two always hang.  They think they're some kinda death squad around here.
47) 4) dialog: They're punks.  Nazis.  Their brains are wired wrong.  They hurt surfing because they give nothing back, and they have no respect for the sea. They just want to get radical.  It's mindless aggression.  They'll never get it, the spiritual side of it.
47) 6) dialog: (laughing)
47) 10) dialog: De nada. Bodhi keeps on walking as Utah reaches his car and stops. Five paces on, he stops and turns back.  A moment of decision...
47) 13) dialog: Come with Tyler.  She knows. Bodhi turns and saunters away.  Utah considers his last words, wondering how well Tyler and Bodhi know each other
54) 3) dialog: Only make bets I can't afford to lose.  Only way to be 100% committed. With that, Bodhi smiles, then he and the woman vanish int the crowd.  Utah watches them go, turns to Tyler.
54) 23) text: Thanks, brah. Tyler sits next to Johnny, sipping a beer.  Bodhi is not in sight.
54) 27) dialog: No, Bells Beach, Australia. Bodhi glides into the group and sits, his expression dark and enigmatic.  The beautiful girl kneels behind him, massaging his neck.  He seems not to notice.
54) 30) dialog: I made that one mistake you pray you'll never make--
54) 33) dialog: Not tragic to die doing what you love.  You want the ultimate thrill, you gotta be willing to pay the ultimate price.
55) 0) text: Johnny moves through the house, looking for her.  As he passes the den, he sees Tyler standing inside, and goes into the dark room. It is the only personalized space we have seen in the house. A kind of shrine to the Bodhisattva. Shelves filled with books and artifacts from his travels. Maori masks, a blowgun, a skeletal shark mouth two feet across, a huge fossil ammonite... an unbelievable variety of tribal artifacts and marine specimens. The books include political literature, eastern religion, philosophy.  A strange hodgepodge of titles and authors: Nietzsche, Marx, the Tao, "Steal this Book", "The Book of Five Rings", Frederick Forsyth thrillers. Tyler is looking at a wall of photographs and Johnny walk up behind her.  Shots of Bodhi surfing a monster wave, mountain-biking, skydiving, flying an ultralight airplane bungee-cord jumping, cliff diving. Every kamikaze activity in the book.
55) 4) text: Hey, Bodhi. Utah turns.  Bodhi is in the doorway.
55) 5) dialog: Johnny has his own demons, don't you, Johnny? Bodhi seems to stare into him. Utah breaks the look.  Turns back to the photo gallery. Bodhi's eyes swivel.  He ponders something.  Looks at Tyler.
55) 6) dialog: Feel it? Roach and some of the other surfers appear in the hallway wondering what happened to their leader.  He turns to them.
55) 7) dialog: Gentlemen, it's time. HOOT AND CHEERS.  Everyone bursts into motion.  Yelling and running through the house.
55) 10) dialog: Let's go, Utah.  Time for a little stealth mission.
56) 0) text: SIX DARK FIGURES walk toward us out of shafts of light... the headlights of Bodhi's CHEVY 4WD and Tyler's Porsche. The figures are Bodhi, Johnny, Tyler and the other surfers. ROSIE hangs back with the idling vehicles, tattooed arms crossed.  He puffs on a cigarette. A WIDE SHOT (MATTE) of the beach shows a pool of light from the headlights, beyond it a vast silver ocean under black sky.  The full moon casts the world in cold monochrome.  The little figures reach the sea.
56) 6) dialog: Yeah, but are you crazy enough? Grommet gets a ride, slicing across in front of them. A ghost moving off into the silvery distance. Tyler waves jauntily and takes the next one.  It's Johnny's turn.
56) 7) dialog: Football's a man-made game.  You keep score with numbers.  But in this, there's no field, no rules, no opponent.  Just you and the wave.
56) 9) dialog: I've watched you once or twice.  You surf like it's some kind of street fight.  You jerk along from moment to moment, fighting everything that comes at you.  Always trying to win.
56) 11) dialog: The only way to win out here is to surrender.  You have to feel what the wave is doing, accept its energy, get in sync.  Just feel it all moving in the blackness... you don't need to see.
56) 13) dialog: This one's got your name on it, Johnny. Utah looks.  Huge glassy face, perfectly formed.  Black and terrifying.
56) 14) dialog: Let's go. Bodhi digs in with both hands, driving himself forward. Johnny starts grabbing water right behind him.  The wave picks them up.
72) 0) text: The doorbell BUZZ shrieks through the room.  It stops. Starts again.  A ghostly dawn finds UTAH and TYLER sleeping peacefully, limbs entwined like vines. Johnny's eyes snap open.  Spies the clock.  4:00 a.m. Tyler stirs beside him, coming out of sleep. Johnny wraps a blanket around his waist and staggers to the door. BODHI stands outside the door wearing a lunatic grin. Behind him NATHANIEL, ROACH and GROMMET hoot from the pickup.
72) 1) dialog: C'mon brah, there's a righteous swell.  Let's go!  Let's go! Tyler comes into the room, wrapped in a sheet. Utah sees her knowing smile.
77) 0) text: LONG LENS POV scanning Bodhi's house.  There is a "FOR RENT" sign out front.  The driveway and carpet are empty... no vehicles in sight.
88) 0) text: A Buddha in the moonlight, BODHI sits crosslegged upon th cliff, staring at the ocean. CAMERA CIRCLES AROUND HIM, focusing in upon his eyes.
89) 16) dialog: Howdy brah. NATHANIEL, ROACH, and GROMMET are there behind him. They look like sentry dogs.  Johnny freezes. Bodhi walks past Utah, into the room.
89) 17) dialog: C'mon, get your gear on, we're rollin'. Cheerful, hardly able to contain his exuberance. He moves through the room, grabbing Johnny's shirt from a chair, a pair of sneakers on the floor. Utah sees his FBI shield sitting on the dresser in plain sight. He palms it when Bodhi is turned away, and slips it into his hip pocket to conceal it.
89) 19) dialog: Here. (spying Johnny's cut face)
89) 20) text: Hey, what happened?  Ya cut yourself shaving? Johnny meets Bodhi's cold stare.
89) 22) dialog: Naw, this is different, Johnny. This is something totally different... you're gonna love this. He winds an arm around Johnny's shoulders, guides him toward the door.
89) 23) dialog: C'mon, let's go, let's go.  Time's wastin', brah. Bodhi claps Utah on the back, ushering him outside. Nathaniel, Roach and Grommet fall into step beside them. The door closes behind them. CAMERA DRIFTS back through the apartment, coming to rest on the 9mm Beretta, on the floor under the bed... useless
91) 0) text: The tapedeck blasts.  BODHI and UTAH sit inside the cab. Through the rear window, we see NATHANIEL, ROACH and GROMMET in the flatbed. Bodhi swivels his eyes to Johnny, lowers the volume.
91) 1) dialog: Life's sure got a sick sense of humor, don't you think so Johnny? Face splitting into a shit-eating grin.
91) 3) dialog: (slight laugh)
91) 5) dialog: I was picking up some bucks cause we're leaving town.  Bizarre, huh? If I'd waited a day I'd been right in the middle of it.  Kinda sorry I missed it.  I'd liked to've seen them. A long pregnant pause.  Utah breathes deeply, remaining calm, his voice carrying a chilling bravado.
91) 7) text: ... wondering what it's like to take a bullet.  Must be some ride. Utah's smile is a personal challenge.  Bodhi sits perversely intrigued.  The mental warfare escalates.
91) 8) dialog: Banks are insured, brah.  Long as nobody gets shot, it's really a victimless crime.  Just gotta scare 'em a little, would be my guess. (ponders something)
91) 9) text: Now if I was gonna rob a bank, with all those guys wearin' body armor these days, know what I'd carry? Bodhi reaches his hand underneath the seat. He pulls out a huge holstered handgun, rests it in his lap, draws and holds the gun up against his cheek.
91) 10) dialog: .454 Casull.  Most powerful handgun on the planet.  Muzzle velocity of 2000 feet per second.  Twice the kinetic energy of a .44 Magnum. Bodhi stares at Utah, then flashes his signature smile. Utah says coldly.
91) 12) dialog: (laughs)
91) 13) text: 'One shot stopping'... good, very good.  I like you, Johnny.  I like you because you'll sacrifice anything to win.  I respect that. It elevates you a little above the drones who have learned compromise. Here, hold it.  Check out the weight. He twirls the gun, grabs the barrel and extends the handl to Utah. Johnny takes it slowly.  Now it's aimed at Bodhi.
91) 14) dialog: (cheerfully)
91) 15) text: Whoa.  Careful.  You got the muzzle pointing right at me, brah. He casually pushes the barrel away, looking back at the highway. Johnny swings a stiff arm out his window and pumps a ROUN into open desert.  KABOOOM!!  The recoil blows Johnny's arm back over the top of the truck.  Practically breaks his wrist. Thunder rolls across the dark hills. From the back of the pickup Nathaniel howls. Grommet and Roach high five. Johnny turns to Bodhi, breaking slowly into a feral grin.
91) 17) dialog: It's a special day, Johnny U.  A very special day... Utah's gaze travels beyond the windshield. Where tentacles of brand new morning light vein the sky.
92) 0) text: TIGHT ON A turbo-prop engine ROARING. WIDER reveals a big Cessna twin.  The PILOT, a weaselly guy we haven't seen before, fires up the second engine. The plane shudders eagerly in the metallic predawn light. A desert airstrip near Palmdale.  A couple of aluminum- siding hangers and no tower.  A few other planes around but no activity besides Bodhi's rock-steady crew. UTAH watches Grommet whip back a tarp in the bed of Bodhi's truck and starts tossing out PARACHUTE PACKS. Roach tosses one to Bodhi, who chucks it to Utah.
92) 1) dialog: Ever done this before?
92) 3) dialog: Pure adrenalin, right?!  The ultimate rush.  Other guys snort for it, jab a vein for it -- all you gotta do is jump.
92) 5) dialog: Yeah, I noticed you limping. (grins)
92) 6) text: But don't worry about it, brah. Don't worry at all.  We're not gonna land on land! Bodhi grabs his sleeve, ushering him into the plane.
93) 0) text: Utah sits, wearing a day-glo jump suit, hugging the chute in his lap.  Next to him is the gaping door.  Beyond... a spectacular down sunburst at 10,000 feet.  ROAR of wind and engines. Utah watches Bodhi, Nathaniel, Grommet and Roach wrigglin into their colorful freefall suits.  Nathaniel pulls on a pair of purple shorts over his suit.  Looks real dorky. Grommet has on duck feet.  Bodhi, apparently, is going to jump barefoot. Nobody has their chutes on yet. Johnny hefts his, as if weighing it, somehow judging the contents.  His brain is racing.  Bodhi shouts over the roar.
93) 1) dialog: It's a little ceremony we always have at the end of summer.  One last speedstar.
93) 3) dialog: I did.  What's the matter?  Don't trust me?
93) 5) dialog: Then we'll earn it together.  Here, take mine. Bodhi swaps chutes with Johnny. Utah looks at the new chute uncertainly. Is this a game?  Poker moves? Did Bodhi anticipate this step?
93) 9) dialog: My man!
94) 1) dialog: Utah, you copy bruddah?
94) 3) dialog: I'll take that as a yes. One by one they stabilize.  Falling face down, knees bent they angle their hands and feet minutely to move laterally.  Utah flails, the last to trim out.  But he's holding his own. Grommet, working his duckfeet, pitches himself into a wil spin, rotating like a dervish in a head down dive.  He flares out and "flies" back to the others. Rocketing through the void at 120 mph they seem to paradoxically hang above the world, almost unmoving... on a separate plane of existence. A hurricane of wind.  Wild HOOTING. Despite his terror, Johnny has to grin at Nathaniel, falling butt first like he's sitting on a big inner tube in the pool.
94) 5) dialog: Ten thousand feet.  Let's do it. The group stabilizes, moving together. First Bodhi and Roach link arms, trimming constantly. Concentrating.  Nathaniel flips over onto his stomach and maneuvers toward them.  He grabs Roach's arm. Grommet works his way next to Nathaniel.  Locks in. They need Utah to complete the ring. Four faces beckoning to him, distorted by the hurricane wind.
94) 6) dialog: Come on Johnny.  Get in here! Johnny moves his hands like flippers and glides clumsily toward them.  Bodhi and Grommet grab him.  He's in. A perfect five-man star.
94) 7) dialog: Relax, brah.  I got you, I got you.
94) 9) dialog: You diggin' this?
94) 11) dialog: Purty-thirty and we're meat waffles, folks.  See ya downtown! He releases Roach's arm and the star disintegrates, drifting apart. Bodhi stays with Utah, falling parallel to the horizon, facing each other, holding hands.  4000 feet.  Airspeed 140. Grommet pulls his ripcord.  He seems to be jerked upward by a great force.  Suddenly he is far above, a brightly colored disc of fabric. Utah is suddenly aware of the earth rushing up at him. Nathaniel pulls, then Roach.  They shoot upward, disappearing. Bodhi and Utah fall on, alone.
94) 12) dialog: You gonna pull?
94) 14) dialog: Don't screw around man, pull it!
94) 16) dialog: One thousand feet.  Pull the goddamn cord!
94) 18) dialog: Okay! Bodhi reaches out suddenly and pulls Utah's ripcord handle. He waves goodbye as Johnny's canopy deploys.  Utah is jerked upward.  He feels his weight hanging brutally in the harness. Johnny looks down. Impossibly close to the ground.  Bodhi's canopy BURSTS OUT, an explosion of color.  Below him is the shimmering mirror of a LARGE RESERVOIR.  Two seconds later the brigh yellow canopy meets its reflection and goes slack.  An explosion of white water marks Bodhi's impact. LOW ANGLE AT WATER LEVEL as Utah hits. IN SLOW MOTION a glorious wall of backlit spray shouts skyward. Molten glass falling back in the bright desert dawn. Utah surfaces, sputtering, and shucks out of the harness. He floats like a jellyfish, gasping for breath.
95) 0) text: Bodhi walks toward us, dripping wet and grinning. He wraps his arm around Utah's shoulders as the others walk up. They're all soaked and stoked.
95) 1) dialog: Ya see... I told you Johnny U was gonna be just fine! Roach and the others clap him on the back.  A moment of acceptance into the tribe.  Utah isn't sure what it means yet.
95) 2) dialog: C'mere.  There's something you need to see. Bodhi leads him toward a PLAIN UTILITY VAN parked nearby. It was there earlier but Utah had no reason to notice it. Bodhi opens the rear doors and motions Johnny inside. Utah, puzzled and suddenly alert, steps in.  Bodhi follows.
96) 2) dialog: Insurance policy.  Now this is going to sting a bit, but it's for your own growth, brah.  Press play. Utah hits the button and an image comes up on the tiny screen. TIGHT ON SCREEN.  A night shot.  Rosie the biker has Tyle in a powerful grip.  Her hands are cuffed behind her, and her mouth is taped.  He has his switchblade up to her throat.  Her eyes are wild, but with rage, not fear. She's trying to struggle out of his grip, kicking at him viciously. He controls her efficiently. Bodhi stops the tape.
96) 3) dialog: She's a wild one, isn't she... Special Agent Utah? Utah lunges, pinning Bodhi to the wall of the van... an elbow across his throat.
96) 5) dialog: (gasping for breath)
96) 8) dialog: She'll be fine, Rosie won't do anything.  At least not as long as I meet him at a certain place and time, about... let's see... (he looks at his dive Rolex)
96) 11) dialog: Sorry, can't do it, brah.  He's on the road.  And where they're going there's no phones.  Damn, I hate this Johnny, I really do.  I hate violence.  See, that's why I need Rosie.  I could never make this thing work, myself.  No way I could hold a knife to Tyler's throat, man! She was my woman, once.  We shared time in this world.  But Rosie, he's kind of a... mechanism.  Once you set him in motion, he won't stop. That's his gift, a kind of... blankness.  Noon comes, straight up, he'll gut her like a pig and try not to get any on his shoes.  Nothing I can do, unless I get there. Utah blanches as he takes this in.  Knows Bodhi well enough now to know he means business.
96) 12) dialog: So that makes us partners, doesn't it?  Because now we both have the same goal... to get me where I need to go.  Right? Utah's expression turns suddenly cold as an executioner's
96) 14) dialog: See!  That's what I like about you, man!  You're just sharp as a razor blade. Bodhi jumps out of the van and approaches the others, gathered nearby.  He addresses the pilot first...
96) 15) dialog: Get the plane down to Santa Monica and top up the tanks. (to the others)
97) 1) dialog: Okay.  All I'm askin' for is ninety seconds of your life, Johnny. That's all.
98) 2) dialog: It's basic dog psychology, brah.  If you scare them, get them pissing down their leg, they submit... you control them.  If you project weakness, you draw aggression... that's how people get hurt. WIDER, revealing that Bodhi is in the back with Utah and Roach. Nathaniel and Grommet sit up front. The duffels contents are strewn around.  Masks.  Weapons. They're all pulling on suit pants and jackets.  Tying ties.  Slipping on white gloves.  Snappy Oxfords. Bodhi is pulling a suit jacket on over his BODY ARMOR. Utah is fumbling with his armored vest.  He works with vicious, jerky moves.  His jaw locked.  Eyes down.
98) 3) dialog: Fear causes hesitation, and hesitation will cause your worst fears to come true.  You project strength to avoid conflict.
98) 5) dialog: Here, you need this.  You can't be comin' through that door with your dick in your hands, right?
98) 7) dialog: Sure you can!  You may even like it... it's a killer rush.  You'll see.  Hey, don't I show you things, Johnny U?
98) 9) dialog: Wild, ain't it?!  See, we exist on a higher plane, you and I.  We make our own rules.  Why be a servant of the law Johnny U... when you can be it's master?
98) 11) dialog: Ninety seconds, man, door to door. A small price to pay for someone who loves you. (he looks up)
98) 12) text: She does you know.  It's not her style to fall so hard... I don't think she did with me. He pulls the Ronald Reagan mask over his head smoothly. Roach pulls his on.  NIXON.  Nathaniel becomes KENNEDY. Grommet transforms into LBJ. Bodhi looks in the bag -- no more masks.
98) 13) dialog: Sorry, Johnny.  Guess you don't get to be president. JOHNNY'S POV -- the back doors of the van.  And the promise of what is beyond.  Bodhi enters FRAME.  Looks straight at us.
98) 14) dialog: Rock and roll! BOOM -- THE DOORS bang open, REVEALING--
99) 0) text: STILL IN POV (HANDHELD) we hurl ourselves from the dark van into blasting daylight.  Bodhi is ahead of us in the sprint for the bank doors.  Dizzying forward momentum as we hammer through the doors into--
100) 0) text: THE HANDHELD POV CONTINUES as we follow Bodhi, a wolf plunging among the sheep.  A FAT GUARD inside the doors. He turns to us just as Bodhi butt-strokes him hard in the gut. Someone screams.
100) 1) dialog: Everybody freeze!!  Don't move!! AHEAD of us GROMMET/LBJ covers the SECOND GUARD with his 12 gauge.
100) 9) text: Head's down!  Eyes down!  Just a couple minutes of your life and we're gone. Bodhi leaps to the counter, commanding the room. But at this point they diverge from their time-proven plan. Roach isn't going for the drawers... he's sprinting for the VAULT.
100) 20) dialog: Don't anybody fucking move! Roach, clutching his side, moves to Grommet, who is on hi knees. Beneath LBJ's stony countenance a river of blood flows down Grommet's chest.  Roach pulls off the mask. Revealing a terrified kid. Grommet pulls his blood-drenched hand away from his throat, stares at it bug-eyed.
100) 23) text: We gotta bug out, man!  We're eatin' it bad on this one.  Let's go! Bodhi reaches down and picks up Johnny's FBI shield off the floor. He considers it for a long time.  Then looks up at Johnny His eyes seem to ask for forgiveness... A moment before he smashes the Casull into Johnny's skull JOHNNY'S POV, as he drops to his knees.  Everything going dark as we see Bodhi's face distantly, his mouth moving slowly...
100) 24) dialog: Goodbye, Johnny. The floor rushes up and smashes us in the face. A view of shoes, running away from us, leaving bloody footprints.  Then total darkness.
103) 0) text: LONG LENS SHOT through a forest of small planes as Pappas sedan glides INTO FRAME.  It moves sharklike among throug the Cessna forest.  Slows to a stop. Through the jungle of wings and fuselages we see Pappas get out of the car and start working his way among the aircraft. Utah slides behind the wheel and drives on. TIGHT ON TURBOPROP ENGINE roaring as it warms up. The same aircraft as before. Bodhi and Nathaniel are loading duffel bags into the open back door as the pilot completes his pre-flight checks. The Ex-President's suits have been removed, along with th body armor, and no guns are in sight.  Just a couple of guys getting ready for a charter flight.  Bodhi looks up and stops his work as... THE FBI SEDAN stops about 50 feet away. Nathaniel pulls a shotgun out of one of the duffels. Utah gets out.  He holds his hands out from his body and turns completely around.  Without his jacket on, it is evident that he is not carrying a gun. He walks forward.
103) 2) dialog: But you're not alone.
103) 5) dialog: Around somewhere.  Listen, I'm in kind of a hurry, Johnny U.  What can I do for you?
103) 7) dialog: And let my policy expire?  Sorry.
103) 9) dialog: I say when it's over!
103) 14) dialog: (to the pilot)
103) 28) dialog: Thanks for telling the nice FBI agent where we're going. Roach works his way up into the plane.  He waves the shotgun at the pilot, his face a vicious, blood-flecked mask.
103) 30) dialog: We're gonna ride this out, all the way, Johnny.  You and me.  Let's go. Johnny nods slowly, as if accepting that this was all somehow pre-ordained, and that they both knew the game would take them this far and beyond.  He stands and walks to the plane.
105) 0) text: The aircraft bucks like a bull as the pilot jinks and banks wildly. Bodhi has the Casull aimed at the base of his skull from the jump seat just behind him. Roach holds the shotgun on Utah, seated across from him i the rear seats. Roach is a pale, sweaty mask.  He is propped against a bulkhead, seemingly collapsed in on himself like a discarded coat. His entire shirtfront and lap are slick with blood. But his gaze is steady, and the shotgun is aimed into Utah's guts. No one talks or moves on this grim hell-ride.
107) 0) text: The pilot yells over his shoulder to Bodhi...
107) 2) dialog: Yeah, get some height.  Take her up to eight thousand on this heading. The pilot pulls back on the yoke and the plane climbs. Bodhi moves back next to Roach, who's fading.
107) 4) dialog: Doesn't matter now.  We're almost there, man.  Here, let me help you get your gear on. Bodhi drags a parachute pack up onto the seat next to Roach and starts helping him into the harness.  Roach keeps the shot gun pointed at Johnny.
107) 6) dialog: You're gonna be fine.  Just fine. Johnny, toss me that money bag will you.  Easy does it. Utah hefts the duffel.  Weighs its contents, and their price.
107) 9) dialog: Hey, Johnny's just trying to psych you man, forget it.  Just keep thinking about all those senoritas nursin' you back to health.  Come on, amigo, let's get you set for the jump. Bodhi props Roach next to the open door and takes a walkie-talkie from the seat, keying it.
107) 10) dialog: Rosie, Rosie, this is Air Force One, do you copy, over? A burst of static is followed by a surprisingly clear voice.
107) 13) dialog: Why should I?
107) 15) dialog: Rosie, listen carefully.  Surgery is canceled, is that clear?  Repeat it back to me.
107) 17) dialog: I know it's hard for you Johnny. You want me so bad it's like acid in your mouth.  But not his time. (he braces Roach at the door)
107) 18) text: Let's go. Bodhi signals the pilot and Utah feels the plane drop as the engines are cut back to an idle.  Bodhi slaps Roach o the shoulder and Roach slumps backward out of the plane. Bodhi braces to jump, looking at Johnny for a last split- second.
107) 19) dialog: You lose, campadre. He chucks the Casull onto the seat beside the door and bails. Bodhi tumbles out into space.  It's over. Utah's knuckles are white, gripping the seat.  There's a dynamo, spinning out of control in his head.  He leaps up in an explosion of rage and drives his fists into a bulkhead.  Looks around like a rabid animal.  TWO SECONDS THREE SECONDS.  Then...
108) 0) text: UTAH, WITHOUT A PARACHUTE, but carrying a very large gun, rockets downward.  He presses his arms to his sides and falls head-down, building speed. Three hundred feet below him is Bodhi, freefalling in a spread-eagle position.  Utah moves his feet and hands, angling toward him. Bodhi doesn't see him.  Falling flat, he tops out at terminal velocity for that position.  130 mph. Utah slashes downward at 160 mph.  The gap between them closes. Utah is almost blinded by the windstream.  His eyes burn. His lips are peeled back by the blasting air. Bodhi is eighty feet below him... 4000 feet to terra firma. Utah focuses all his incredible will and concentration. He's only going to have one shot at this. Bodhi is right below him. Utah is closing like a SAM missile. He trims a little, and... WHAM!  Slams into Bodhi in a mid-air tackle. Bodhi's eyes are wide with amazement as they tumble together. Utah has made the grab and locked his arms around Bodhi i an iron grip. He pulls the Casull's muzzle up to Bodhi's head and screams in his face.
108) 2) dialog: Pretty radical, Johnny.  Even for you.  Why don't you pull it?
108) 4) dialog: Naw, you pull it! Utah looks down.  The earth is rushing at them.  2500 feet.
108) 5) dialog: Go on, Johnny.  Pull it.  But you gotta drop the gun, first!  Right?! You use your other hand what you gonna hold on with?
108) 7) dialog: Well that's the only way it's gonna happen, man.  Do it!  Come on, you want to do it.  You're gonna die, Johnny.  Five more seconds.  Four... 1000 feet.  The ground is close enough to see details. Cactus, sagebrush.  They rocket past the bright yellow canopy of Roach's chute a hundred feet away.
108) 9) dialog: Three seconds... two... one...
108) 12) dialog: Wild ride, huh?
108) 14) text: Jesus Christ, Bodhi! Utah tries to rise and -- grabs his knee in agony.  We se by his mask of pain that it's totaled inside.
108) 15) dialog: That pesky knee, huh?  Too bad. He looks up at the sound of an engine. BODHI'S POV of his big four-by roaring toward us with a meteor tail of dust.  It slides to a stop next to them. Rosie gets out of the driver's side and stands calmly wit a sawed-off over his shoulder. Utah blinks through his sweat and pain at-- TYLER running toward him out of the dust.  She kneels nex to him and puts her arms around him.  Bodhi limps to the truck.  Through the swirling dust we see him look back.
108) 16) dialog: You had me worried there, for a second, Johnny U. He swings up into the four-by and guns the engine.  Rosie hops into the shotgun seat and the truck hurls up roostertails as it tears out across the desert toward Roach's billowing gravemarker. Johnny touches Tyler's face tenderly, leaving a smear of blood. He gives her a wan version of the Johnny Utah grin. HOLD ON the truck moving off in a heat-shimmered cloud of dust, becoming a mirage, then a memory as we--
111) 4) dialog: And I always knew I could count on you, Agent Utah.
111) 6) dialog: You never were...
111) 8) dialog: It went bad, brah.  Real bad. (smiles inwardly)
111) 9) text: I just felt it was time... A BOOMING ROAR sounds from the ocean. Bodhi just stares at the waves, with awe and perhaps fear
111) 10) dialog: Time to dance with the universe. (he turns to Utah)
111) 12) dialog: Thanks, brah. Bodhi doesn't wait for a reply.  He walks to the water's edge, and never looks back.  He throws his board into the foam and paddles, the riptide pulling him out.  The monsters dwarf his body as they quickly suck him into the trough of the holocaust. UTAH stands and solemnly waits for the universe to delive final justice.  The cops are running clumsily across the sand, too late to stop Bodhi.  Tyler steps up behind Johnny, and puts her hands on his shoulders. BODHI is nothing more than a SPECK as he shoots across th lip of the colossal wave, carving the board downward -- A UNTHINKABLE FOREHAND BLAST sends him into a 180 degree slide straight down the enormous face, eyes wild, his mouth opens in a soundless howl -- Bodhi and the outer- limits wave are locked for one impossible yet glorious moment in perfect harmony, perfect symmetry, perfect union... There is no fear in his face, only awe as the mountain of water closes out, burying the Bodhisattva in whitewater grave... Pieces of broken surfboard explode upward, only to fall back into the raging whiteness and vanish. UTAH remains pensive, eyes fixed on the riderless surf. Tyler lowers her head.  A fragment of surfboard washes up onto wet sand.  The wind gathers force. Johnny finally turns to his woman, curls an arm around he shoulder, gathering her close.  Tears are streaming down her face as she stares at the sea.