46) 4) dialog: Yeah.
46) 7) dialog: No.
46) 14) dialog: Stay outta this, Bodhi!
46) 18) text: Fuck you. Everybody has backed off a bit, panting. Utah steps toward Bunker.  Like he's maybe going to shake hands.
46) 20) dialog: Bunker.
46) 22) dialog: Yeah?  Why? Johnny answers with a LIGHTNING ROUNDHOUSE that hits with a CRACK!  They can hear it in Pomona. BUNKER HITS THE GROUND.  Flat out.  Lights out. Tone, Archbold and Warchild lunge like dogs. Bodhi yanks Utah out of the line of fire.
46) 26) text: Do me a favor, Johnny, just keep walking. Tone starts to go after them.  Archbold grabs his arm. They help Bunker up.  Warchild holds he bleeding nose. Utah and Bodhi start up the stairs, turn a corner and run HEAD-ON into a huffing PAPPAS. The big man clocks a battered but intact Utah. We see him shift gears in his head in 2 tenths of a second.
48) 3) text: That's right.  Two-denver-four-sam- niner-five-niner.  Late seventies Jeep. LONG LENS, JOHNNY'S POV through binoculars.  Bunker's jee weaves aggressively through traffic ahead.  Horns honk. Tone flips off the driver of a Toyota.
51) 0) text: TELEPHOTO VIEW of house. Bunker and Archbold have partially disassembled the engin of a Kawasaki 1100 parked in the living room.  They are drinking beer and arguing about the carburetors, lit by the blue glow of the TV.  Warchild is watching a living- dead movie on tape. He replays the gory parts.  Not a happening night at the Razorheads. REVERSE, as binoculars are lowered, revealing Cole. WIDER, to show the dynamic team of Cole and Munoz glowering in a plain sedan, Utah leaning in the side window.
53) 0) text: A bunker-like structure built of stone and glass on a cliff overlooking the Pacific.  Surfmobiles and motorcycles parked in front.  A strong backbeat thumps through the open front doors. Tyler's Porsche pulls into the driveway.  She and Johnny get out and head for the entrance.
64) 0) text: In the bedroom, Bunker looks through a slit of door at Fiberglass.  We hear Pappas just outside.
64) 2) dialog: Something's goin' down, man.  This ain't right.
64) 5) dialog: Will you shut the fuck up!  Check the windows.  Do it!!
66) 0) text: Warchild slams into the wall next to Bunker.
66) 3) dialog: That fat fuck comes through the door I'm gonna pump him up.  Swear to Christ, man, I'm gonna blow the dude up! Scared and vicious, like a cornered dog.  We believe him. Bunker jacks the bolt on the Steyr.  Warchild cocks the shotgun.
68) 0) text: Bunker's eyes bug out as he sees Pappas coming through th door.  He snaps the assault rifle to his shoulder. Suddenly Johnny is behind him -- half-in the bathroom window, pistol gripped double-handed like they taught him in Quantico.