37) 0) text: Rimmed by a dozen car HEADLIGHTS at the edge of the sand. Utah crouches, waiting for the snap from NATHANIEL, ponytailed and powerfully built.  Facing them on defense are Bodhi, Tyler and three others: ROACH, gonzo and spiked-haired.  GROMMET... 17 and thin as a stick, and ROSIE, a biker with piggy eyes and arms blue with tattoos MONTAGE STYLE -- Utah tosses a flurry of mindboggling passes.  Every one picture perfect.  Nathaniel scrambles z-out left, turns and the ball is practically waiting for him.  Touchdowns galore.  Endzone dancing.  Bodhi stares at him curiously. Tyler rushes.  Utah enjoys scrambling, ducking left and right, twisting her into a pretzel.  Play after play. Utah tosses another touchdown, but Tyler keeps coming. Sacking him. They lie together in a heap, laughing. Bodhi quarterbacks.  Utah rushes.  Bodhi fakes a pass the runs, ball tucked in his arm.  Utah tears after him.  Fla out speed run. Roach attempts a block.  Utah hits him like a freight train. Roach hits the sand face first. Grommet and Rosie the biker in a squeeze play. Utah, fierce now, blasts between them.  No mercy. Utah can't play for fun.  We see his expression. Something scary there.  What we will call "juggernaut mode". Tyler just steps aside. Bodhi running along wet sand as a wave sweeps up the beach.  Looks back.  Sees a demon shooting up roostertail of spray behind him, gaining.  Pours it on.  Both of them pistoning through curtains of water.  Not a game anymore. Closing on the endzone.  5 yards.  Utah is airborne. SLAMS BODHI LIKE A SAM MISSILE.  They crash and burn together in the surf. The other surfers run up.  Who's this newcomer that just centerpunched their main man?  Industrial strength tension.
37) 5) dialog: Radical!  Head-butt, dude!! Johnny gestures "Please no". Enthused by the concept, Grommet turns to Nathaniel.
37) 6) dialog: Head-butt!!! They do.  Their foreheads CRACK together.  They stumble backwards in giddy euphoria.  Nathaniel laughs like Pee Wee Herman.
54) 0) text: Tyler leads Utah through the steady flow of SURF-RATS and other PCH NOMADS toward a large outdoor deck where a barbecue is in progress.  Moonlit waves pound the shore eighty feet below. They are immediately distracted by the small crowd gathering around GROMMET who has his nose pressed flat against the center of a dart board. His eyes swivels back to ROACH, standing fifteen feet away, dart in hand, getting ready to throw.
54) 1) dialog: Do your worst, man! Roach drains a beer in one gulp, spies the sharp needle point of the dart, then squints at the target. ROSIE moves through the small crowd collecting bets. Suddenly Roaches arm snaps back.  A collective hush... In a blur of tattoos the small feathered missile is airborne. TWAAAPPPPPP!  Bulls-eye.  Centimeters from flesh.  Gromme secretly exhales.  Roach howls as Rosie rains money on hi head. The crowd goes wild. BODHI stands nearby with his arm around a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN Pleased to see Utah, he motions him over.
54) 25) dialog: You ride the monsters, you gotta know you're ridin' a line between life and death.  There ain't no forgiveness.
54) 28) dialog: Shit, yeah!  I remember that day... gnarly fuckin' ass!  Was your birthday--
54) 32) dialog: -- held down in the washing machine, man... it was severe, we couldn't see nothin' thought it was all over for sure-- Nathaniel HOWLS. Tyler watches Utah watching Bodhi.  Notices how he is mesmerized by these war stories.  Bodhi smiles, unexpectedly.
54) 35) dialog: (draining a Corona)
72) 0) text: The doorbell BUZZ shrieks through the room.  It stops. Starts again.  A ghostly dawn finds UTAH and TYLER sleeping peacefully, limbs entwined like vines. Johnny's eyes snap open.  Spies the clock.  4:00 a.m. Tyler stirs beside him, coming out of sleep. Johnny wraps a blanket around his waist and staggers to the door. BODHI stands outside the door wearing a lunatic grin. Behind him NATHANIEL, ROACH and GROMMET hoot from the pickup.
91) 0) text: The tapedeck blasts.  BODHI and UTAH sit inside the cab. Through the rear window, we see NATHANIEL, ROACH and GROMMET in the flatbed. Bodhi swivels his eyes to Johnny, lowers the volume.
91) 15) text: Whoa.  Careful.  You got the muzzle pointing right at me, brah. He casually pushes the barrel away, looking back at the highway. Johnny swings a stiff arm out his window and pumps a ROUN into open desert.  KABOOOM!!  The recoil blows Johnny's arm back over the top of the truck.  Practically breaks his wrist. Thunder rolls across the dark hills. From the back of the pickup Nathaniel howls. Grommet and Roach high five. Johnny turns to Bodhi, breaking slowly into a feral grin.
92) 0) text: TIGHT ON A turbo-prop engine ROARING. WIDER reveals a big Cessna twin.  The PILOT, a weaselly guy we haven't seen before, fires up the second engine. The plane shudders eagerly in the metallic predawn light. A desert airstrip near Palmdale.  A couple of aluminum- siding hangers and no tower.  A few other planes around but no activity besides Bodhi's rock-steady crew. UTAH watches Grommet whip back a tarp in the bed of Bodhi's truck and starts tossing out PARACHUTE PACKS. Roach tosses one to Bodhi, who chucks it to Utah.
93) 0) text: Utah sits, wearing a day-glo jump suit, hugging the chute in his lap.  Next to him is the gaping door.  Beyond... a spectacular down sunburst at 10,000 feet.  ROAR of wind and engines. Utah watches Bodhi, Nathaniel, Grommet and Roach wrigglin into their colorful freefall suits.  Nathaniel pulls on a pair of purple shorts over his suit.  Looks real dorky. Grommet has on duck feet.  Bodhi, apparently, is going to jump barefoot. Nobody has their chutes on yet. Johnny hefts his, as if weighing it, somehow judging the contents.  His brain is racing.  Bodhi shouts over the roar.
93) 7) dialog: Whoa, unfair, dude! Grommet grabs his chute back and hands Johnny the one he had, which was Roach's.  I think. Johnny looks at the pack in his hands.  Then at the grinning faces. Russian surfer freefall roulette.  Shit. Bodhi studying him.  Some kind of test. Fuck it.  Utah starts putting the damn thing on.
94) 8) dialog: Righteous-ass speedstar, dudes!
98) 10) dialog: Fuckin' A!
98) 12) text: She does you know.  It's not her style to fall so hard... I don't think she did with me. He pulls the Ronald Reagan mask over his head smoothly. Roach pulls his on.  NIXON.  Nathaniel becomes KENNEDY. Grommet transforms into LBJ. Bodhi looks in the bag -- no more masks.
100) 2) dialog: Don't fucking do it, man! The guy has his hand on the grip of his pistol but it's like the thing suddenly weighs eight tons, he can't seem to lift it from the holster.  ROACH/NIXON slips up next t him and helps him with it.  The guy is visibly trembling. A YOUNG JOCK makes a move to run. 'OUR' SHOTGUN comes up like a reflex, right in his face. Roach/Nixon throws the guy to the floor by his hair. AHEAD OF US, Bodhi is in action.  Moving to the counter, shouting--
100) 21) dialog: Oh no, oh my god, oh god... it's all comin' out man, gotta stop it... it's all gonna come out... do something!! He's trying to hold it in with his hands.  This doesn't work. A paste-white frightened kid.  Eighteen years old. Suddenly realizing that this is not some video game.  Tha death is real. He slumps back, losing the battle for consciousness. WE HEAR SIRENS APPROACHING.