18) 1) dialog: The dolls love this baby.  It brings them luck when they rub it -- right between their buttons. CLOSE ON tape measure wrapped around a generous belly. PULL BACK to reveal VETERAN AGENT COREY measuring the ample waist of ANGELO PAPPAS.  This 54 year old silver haired Greek stands rubbing his belly like a Zulu chief.
18) 3) dialog: Just read the goddamn number.
18) 5) dialog: Screw you and this holistic fitness crap!  At least my arms don't flap in the wind. Corey secretly squeezes his bicep as... A whistle blows.  A broad shouldered MAN wearing an FBI cap barks at the Greek.
18) 7) dialog: I've been in the field 33 years, fired my piece 23 times in the line of duty, and I got no idea what a blind man fetching bricks has gotta do with being a Special Agent! Johnny has walked up.  Pappas, blindfolded, turns directl to Utah as he continues, thinking it's Corey.
18) 8) dialog: Added to which indignity, I got three months left to retirement and they saddle me with some blue-flamer fresh out of Quantico for a partner. Some quarterback punk, Johnny Unitas or something.
18) 12) dialog: Pappas.  Angelo Pappas.
18) 14) dialog: (grinning)
20) 8) dialog: Twenty-seven banks in three years. In and out in 90 seconds.  Nobody ever gets shot.  We're talking solid professionals.
21) 0) text: UTAH &amp; PAPPAS are watching a monitor in the glassed-i office.  The robbery REPLAYS on grainy BLACK &amp; WHITE videotape. The bandits barge in, raise shotguns and order everybody to the floor.
21) 2) dialog: Yeah, they control the room well. Stick strictly to the cash drawers. VIDEO TAPE -- Utah is reverse-scanning.  The bandits walk BACKWARD into the bank.  The explosion of blue ink is sucked back into the pack of money, then leaps back into President Nixon's hand.
21) 4) dialog: Never go for the vault.  They never get greedy.
21) 6) dialog: Reagan usually drives.  Stolen switch car, they leave it running at the curb, looks parked from a distance.  When they run, they dump the vehicle and vanish.  And I mean vanish. Utah stops the video, now FAST-FORWARDING it, stopping where President Nixon separates the exploding "dye pack" planted with the money, before he tosses it aside.
21) 8) dialog: The Ex-Presidents are the best I've seen, kid. Outside the windowed partition POLICE OFFICERS interview frightened customers. Hotshot agents MUNOZ and COLE enter from the main floor o the bank.  Think they're very slick.
21) 11) text: Hey, Pappas, you tell the kid your theory on the Presidents?
21) 12) dialog: Just take the tape, Cole. Now Munoz starts to smile.
21) 17) dialog: What?  Now I'm working the drop car? Who's handling the scene here?
21) 19) dialog: Cole and Munoz?  I been on this case for two years.
21) 22) dialog: Yeah, I get it.  Time to play let's dick the old guys, huh, Harp?
21) 24) dialog: Sure.  No problem.  How about your office?  Your office need vacuuming? We could do that too. Pappas and Utah move toward the door.  It's a tight squeeze as they pass Cole and Munoz.  Especially Pappas.
21) 25) dialog: Excuse me. Read as fuck you.
23) 1) dialog: Cute huh?  They love to fuck with us. UTAH &amp; PAPPAS pull their heads out of the sedan.  For expert, HALSEY, stands behind them.
23) 2) dialog: Don't tell me, let me guess.  The switch-car was stolen this morning... (Halsey is nodding his head)
23) 8) dialog: You through, Mr. Wizard?  Let me know if you find Jimmy Hoffa under the seat while you're at it. (looks at his watch)
23) 11) dialog: Forget about it, kid.  They're ghosts.  Let the goddamn yuppie Mormon affirmative action assholes handle it.  See I'm almost 55... so I must be senile, right?  They better get me out before I start pissing myself in public.  Drooling. It would look bad for the Bureau, right?
23) 13) dialog: You watch your fucking mouth! (pounds his chest)
23) 16) dialog: Yeah.  That was thirty years ago anyway. (stares out at the bright horizon)
23) 20) dialog: The fucking punks are surfers.
24) 2) dialog: I'm tellin' ya, kid, it's in our face.  Lookit the tan on this guy. The young agent looks forward. Stares at the white inscribed butt bracketed by deep bronze tan lines.
24) 4) dialog: Shutup, you might learn somethin' you're not careful... So last year Nixon scuffs a counter going over. There was a soil sample.  Non- specific mud traces of asphalt, oils, blah, blah... sand and... carnuba wax.  So I became a wax expert.  There's 80 some uses for this stuff, something like five hundred products. He tosses Utah a ream of computer printout.  Utah scans lists of brand names.
24) 6) dialog: The lab made three possible matches, this was one of 'em. Pappas opens his desk drawer, takes something out and throws it to Johnny.  A pastel blue hockey puck wrapped i cellophane. A block of "Mr. Zog's Sex Wax".
24) 9) dialog: Surfers use it on their boards. They rub sand into it for traction.
24) 11) dialog: Now lookit the dates on the robberies.  This is strictly a summer job for these guys. Johnny leafs through it.
24) 13) dialog: Another month and we don't see 'em again 'til next summer. Utah stares at Angelo as it dawns.  Grins suddenly.
24) 15) dialog: (to one and all)
25) 3) text: Whoa!!  Back up!  This's a 5'6" tri- fin squash-tail thruster.  You'd eat major shit on this, dude. ACROSS THE ROOM we see Pappas trying on purple wraparound sunglasses. The salespunk pulls down a wide board with a garish firebird paint scheme.  Like a lowrider flame-job.  The logo reads "Dance with the Universe." 15
25) 4) text: Here, you need a rhino chaser like this one to learn on.  Good board. I mean for a pig board. Utah hefts the board.  Scowls.  Hates anything he's not great at. PAPPAS sets his purchases on a counter: the glasses, some plutonium-pink shorts, T-shirts, sun-block.  The GIRL behind the counter is sixteen, barely contained in a macrame bikini-top and "Dolphin" shorts.  Angelo picks up a package of Sex Wax from a rack.  Sniffs it.
25) 5) dialog: (reading the label)
26) 0) text: Utah and Pappas walking back to the car. Two FBI agents in suits and ties walking with a day-glo orange surfboard.  Surreal image.  The ocean shimmers in B.G.
26) 1) dialog: Johnny, it's the only way.
26) 3) dialog: Look.  Look at them out there. LONG LENS on packs of surfers sitting outside.  Bobbing slowly.  Hunched like sea birds.  Waiting for an unseen sign.  Disappearing and reappearing beyond the break.
26) 4) dialog: They're like some kind of tribe. Got their own language.  You can't just walk up to these guys.  You've got to get out there.  Learn some moves.  Get into their head.  Pick up the speech.
26) 6) dialog: It's all balance, right?  And coordination.  How hard can it be?
27) 0) text: WHAAAAAM!  Johnny is CLOBBERED by a wave. He's flipped off his board and hits the water face-first as the wave crashes over him.  Other surfers steer clear. PAPPAS lounges in a beach chair in his plutonium pink shorts, purple Vuarnet's and a T-shirt emblazoned with "Surf This" across the chest.  A picnic basket sits close at hand.  He winces at Utah's wipeout.  Shouts from his beach chair.
27) 1) dialog: I think you gotta hit them straight on!
27) 3) text: Got it... UTAH holds the tip steady, gouges the face of a wave and squirts out the other side.  Another wave rises and Utah glides up over the hump.  He clears the swell and the ocean suddenly smooths out like a giant lake.  Triumphant over having made the lineup, he sits up on the board, and falls over. PAPPAS slices a green apple, some feta cheese and eats of the knife. UTAH climbs back on his board.  WHISTLES and HOOTS sound as SURFERS spot a new swell.  Utah watches as the regular start catching rides.  Suddenly he feels like a lost dog on a busy freeway. A young LOCAL in a neon wetsuit slashes past him, inches away.
27) 10) dialog: Kid, maybe this ain't your sport. Utah grabs the board out of Pappas' hands and stalks off across the beach.
32) 0) text: Green glow washes the intent faces of Utah and Pappas as MISS DEER data specialist, enters 867 CDH into her computer. She is purebred American Indian, strong featured and beautiful. The screen freezes and the hard disk churns. The DMV rap sheet scrolls down the screen.
32) 1) dialog: This is your surfer contact? Female.  Blond hair.  Green eyes. 5'6".  119 lbs?
32) 8) text: Kidnapping?! Pappas crowds over Johnny's shoulder, reading.
32) 9) dialog: This is great.  She ties some guy up.  Nude.  Leaves the scene and fails to return for 24 hours.  No convection.
40) 0) text: Harp paces.  Type-A suppressed rage. Utah and Pappas endure Harp's wrath.
41) 1) dialog: What, you couldn't have just left the thing in your car?
41) 3) dialog: Johnny, all I can say is we better come up with something real soon. Johnny cocks an eyebrow and opens the door to the compute room ceremonially, like a doorman at the Ritz-Carlton. Miss Deer looks up as they enter.
42) 2) dialog: Yeah, yeah, I remember, last year. Guy got his jaw broken for it.
42) 4) dialog: Hell, what're we waiting for, let's go pick the guy up.
42) 6) dialog: Guy's the Toxic Avenger. Utah is excited as he fits the pieces together for his partner.
42) 8) dialog: No.  But let's do it, anyway.  It's gonna bug the shit out of Harp.
43) 0) text: Department of Health sign reads, "Beach Temporarily Closed." Beyond it crashes a wasted northwest swell. Two frustrated teenage SURFERS huddle underneath a towel. Marijuana smoke seeps upward. A sandaled FOOT enters frame and taps their leg.  Angry heads poke up from beneath the towel, nostrils and mouths billowing smoke. The two wear T-shirts which read "Passion for Slashin" an "Psycho Stick". PAPPAS smiles, standing there in his beach wear, trying t blend in.  He doesn't.
43) 1) dialog: When you two are done makin' out, I need to talk to you.
43) 3) dialog: I just want to know if you surf here a lot.
43) 5) dialog: Not exactly, dudes.
45) 2) dialog: He moved. Halsey picks up an envelope marked "Latigo Beach".
45) 5) dialog: Surf's up, ace.
46) 0) text: EXTREME LONG LENS scans the beach from a height.  A gray, miserable day.  Beach crowd thin except for diehards. The image drifts across faces, BODIES.  Surfers walking with boards. Talking, sitting with pubescent girls. The image settles on Johnny, astride his board, bobbing beyond the break. ON PAPPAS, scanning with powerful binoculars from his car CLOSE ON UTAH, out among the flock of hardcore surfers. Ostensibly waiting for a wave, his eyes search the others around him, clicking methodically from face to face. Finally he swings his board around and awkwardly catches ride. The modest wave carries him toward the beach as he balances, tense and style-less. He passes someone we've seen before.  The RAZORHEAD from the first day.  In concentration, Johnny doesn't see the guy. But Razorhead definitely sees him. JOHNNY reaches the beach and jogs up the sand.  He picks up a towel and talks into it as he dries his hair.  A glimpse of the walkie-talkie hidden beneath.
46) 2) dialog: Patience hotshot.  Patience.  It'll be subtle, if it's here at all. PAPPAS WATCHES as Johnny crosses toward the outside showe next to the public restroom. LONG LENS view of Utah passing OUT OF SIGHT behind the building. AT THE SHOWER Johnny sets down his gear and opens his wetsuit to the warm, salt-free jet of water.  TRACKING SLOWLY IN on him as he lets it pour over his face. A HAND ENTERS FRAME, shutting off the water suddenly. TIGHT ON UTAH, his eyes opening. REVERSE, revealing RAZORHEAD and THREE OTHERS. They are powerfully built SURF-NAZIS. Scalps shaved on the sides.  Hair military short on top, lengthening into pigtails in the back.  Tattoos.  Wrist chains. TONE, ARCHBOLD and WARCHILD.  The one who socked Utah before is BUNKER.  They spread out flanking him.
46) 11) dialog: Johnny?  You there? ANGELO gets out of the car fast.  He jogs twenty feet and raises the binoculars.  Catches a glimpse of the carnage around the edge of the building.  Breaks into a run, massive legs pistoning. JOHNNY HITS THE GROUND hard.  He rolls and comes up fast. The razorhead brothers are a little surprised.
46) 26) text: Do me a favor, Johnny, just keep walking. Tone starts to go after them.  Archbold grabs his arm. They help Bunker up.  Warchild holds he bleeding nose. Utah and Bodhi start up the stairs, turn a corner and run HEAD-ON into a huffing PAPPAS. The big man clocks a battered but intact Utah. We see him shift gears in his head in 2 tenths of a second.
46) 27) dialog: (out of breath)
46) 30) dialog: Thanks, buddy. He shoves on.
48) 0) text: Utah is struggling into a T-shirt as Pappas drives, intently following a beat-to-shit JEEP.  Paramilitary olive-drab and full of surfboards.  And razorhead.
48) 1) dialog: Ten seconds you're out of sight. Unbelievable. Johnny is equipment-juggling now... cradling a cellular phone at his ear while steadying Pappas' binoculars in front of his eyes.
48) 4) dialog: Look, if you're gonna go leavin' your piece and your shield in the car, you can damn well stay in sight.  Okay?
50) 0) text: Utah on the cellular, Pappas behind the wheel as they slide to a stop half a block from the stucco house.
50) 3) dialog: Remember, all bank robbers are losers, but not all losers are bank robbers. LONG LENS POV of Razorheads house.  Through the windows w see the four moving inside.  Tone throws Archbold and Bunker a Coors from the fridge.  Archbold shakes his and opens it in Warchild's face.  Warchild, in no mood, slams him against the wall.  We feel the revved-up, chaotic energy of the group in silent pantomime. Bunker is met by a GIRL coming from the back of the house She is wearing only panties and a black leather vest. Short black hair and tattoos stark on her white skin. Bunker puts one arm around her neck in a head lock embrac and slides his other hand under her vest.  Tone pulls the curtains.
51) 3) dialog: Cold pizza?  It's great for breakfast.
52) 0) text: Pappas pulls away from the curb, roaring past the other agents sedan.  Utah and Cole flip each other off perfunctorily as they pass.
52) 2) dialog: He's pushing it through first thing. You better get some sleep tonight, it could be an interesting morning.
61) 4) text: You're late. We hear Pappas' voice over the radio.
61) 5) dialog: Did that worthless punk partner of mine ever show up?
62) 0) text: Pappas has his shirt hiked up as another agent, BABBIT, tapes a microphone transmitter to his stomach.  Pappas talks into his top button.
62) 1) dialog: Good of you to join us, hotshot. (to Babbit)
62) 4) dialog: Cole and Munoz are going in the back door.  Babbit is backing me.  So I want you at the side window by the hedge.  You're strictly backup, got it?
62) 6) dialog: Awright.  Get into position.  I'm rolling. Pappas pulls the loose Hawaiian shirt down over the radio mike gear and his stalwart .38 snub. He steps out from behind a fence and walks along the sidewalk toward Bunker's house, two doors down.  He is wearing polyester shorts and sandals, and carrying a DOG LEASH.
62) 7) dialog: Here Scooby!  Where are you boy? Here Scooby!!  You furball piece of shit. COLE AND MUNOZ snap around the corner of the garage and sprint low toward the rear of the brown stucco house. UTAH circles back out through the alley.  TRACKING WITH HIM as he makes it to the neighbor's back hedge and crab- walks toward Bunker's house.  BABBIT and ANOTHER AGENT make it to the front corner of the stucco house, staying out of sight of the windows. ANGELO is walking up to the falling-down porch of this low-rent roach-hotel. JOHNNY is elbow-crawling between the house and a tall hedge. He slides quietly in below a bedroom window. He pulls out the little leather kit he tucked in his waistband.  Removes something from it.  A DENTAL MIRROR. Moving slowly, he raises it above the window sill, anglin it where he can see inside. TIGHT ON DENTAL MIRROR, Johnny's POV. We see a bedroom through a gap in the venetian blind. Tone is lying on the bed, wearing headphones.  Cranked up speedmetal. His eyes are screwed shut, and his fists pump to the beat like karate on 40,000 volts. The door to a bathroom is open, and the black-haired girl can be made out behind rippled shower glass. TIGHT ON DOORBELL as Pappas rings it. UTAH JUMPS at an explosion of sound.  He spins in a microsecond, pistol aimed at... A LAWN MOWER. Through the hedge we can just see THE NEIGHBOR, sixtyish and polyester clad, as he adjusts the choke on the roarin machine about two feet from Johnny's face.  Utah exhales and lowers the gun.  Wipes sweat from his eyes. TIGHT ON PAPPAS, smiling open-faced and goofily charming as... THE DOOR opens, revealing a GIRL we haven't seen before. She has hair like bleached fiberglass, black eye-makeup and nails.  Ramones-style wardrobe.  She looks tense, and won't open the door very far.
62) 9) dialog: Have you seen a little dog?  Kind of a cockapoo lookin' thing.  About this big.
64) 0) text: In the bedroom, Bunker looks through a slit of door at Fiberglass.  We hear Pappas just outside.
64) 1) dialog: ... and the guy next door said he saw it go into your backyard.  My wife'll kill me if I lose the little bastard.  Me, I could care less. Whole house smells from it's liftin' its leg all the time... Bunker looks like he's on paranoia overdrive.
65) 0) text: Utah sucks up against the wall as Warchild looks furtivel out the window.  We see them both, but Warchild doesn't see Johnny, plastered right below him. Johnny closes his eyes and grits his teeth.  Shiiiiittt! PAPPAS, AT THE FRONT DOOR, is bobbing his head, trying to look inside.
65) 1) dialog: You sure he isn't out back?  You mind if I go take a look?
65) 3) dialog: Well is there anyone else here that might have seen him?
67) 0) text: JOHNNY is pissing himself.  He can see it all going down. So fast he doesn't have time to think. He goes into motion -- slipping rapidly along the wall to the next window. The bathroom window. PAPPAS, AT THE FRONT DOOR, makes his move. He pushes the door open, breaking the security chain, and jams his FBI shield in the girl's face as he grabs her arm.
67) 1) dialog: FBI, gorgeous.  Now let's take a look around--
68) 0) text: Bunker's eyes bug out as he sees Pappas coming through th door.  He snaps the assault rifle to his shoulder. Suddenly Johnny is behind him -- half-in the bathroom window, pistol gripped double-handed like they taught him in Quantico.
69) 0) text: The window EXPLODES OUTWARD in a spray of sunlit glass. Utah and Warchild crash to the ground. The razorhead, with 50 pounds on Johnny, rises like a bull. Bleeding from superficial lacerations, Warchild plows through the hedge. Johnny dives after him. The Polyester Neighbor stands paralyzed as the two crazed figures careen toward him.  He is knocked flying, and the ROARING LAWNMOWER is flipped onto its side. Utah and Warchild are locked together. The shotgun lies nearby, out of play. Warchild jerks a 6 INCH KNIFE free from its sheath, hanging from a thong around his neck.  He trusts straight at Johnny's throat. Johnny deflects the thrust -- INTO THE WHIRLING LAWNMOWER KA-WHANGGG!!!  The knife is hammered out of Warchild's hand. Whistles away, spinning. Warchild grabs Johnny as they scramble, and heaves him bodily toward the spinning blade.  Utah catches the rim o the mower with both hands, stopping himself inches from the rotor. Warchild puts all his weight on Johnny. Pushing him face-first toward the blades. Johnny feels the wind on his face. The engine is roaring, full throttle. PAPPAS APPEARS BEHIND THEM. He aims the .38.  FIRES TWICE. The little Briggs &amp; Stratton dies young, its casing shattered. The rotor spins to a stop. Warchild looks up into the black eye of Pappas' gun. Two inched from his face.
69) 1) dialog: Speak into the microphone. The razorhead sags, the fight going out of him. Babbit kicks him off Johnny, face down onto the lawn. Cuffs him.
70) 0) text: UTAH dry heaves over the sink.  Turns the faucet on full blast and hoses his head.  He lifts a dripping face, wipe water out of his eyes, stops on the reflection in the mirror.  Pappas is there.
70) 1) dialog: It's always been lasers and paper targets until today, right? Utah looks up at him and nods.  He glances through the doorway at Bunker, dead in a pool of blood.  Tone is wailing as paramedics work on his foot.  Cole is being taken out on a stretcher.
70) 2) dialog: No difference, Utah.  Just a little more to clean up. (squeezes the rookie's  shoulder)
70) 4) dialog: Oh shit. Utah stares at the dope.
71) 0) text: TIGHT ON WARCHILD manacled to the chair screaming his hea off.  We cannot hear him through the glass.  It looks lik pantomime. UTAH and PAPPAS watch through the one way observation window. THWAAAAAP!!  The two taped packets slam the wall inches from Utah's right ear.  Johnny snaps his head around. Stares into the face of DIETZ who looks like Warchild's meaner brother. And he's pissed as hell...
71) 10) dialog: Nice tattoo, Dietz. We hear a faint BUZZ, growing louder as we...
73) 6) dialog: Forget about it, kid, They're ghosts... BACK TO JOHNNY, as he backs away from Tyler.  Still in shock, recoiling from the situation.
75) 0) text: Pappas dancing alone in the living room with his shirt off, holding a glass of ouzo.  Facing away from the door the ample Greek hears Utah's tentative knock.  Without breaking from his dance or turning he calls out--
75) 1) dialog: Hey, babe.  Get on over here so the big dog can teach ya how to bark. Pappas howls like a bloodhound, then twirls around.
75) 3) dialog: Johnny!  Uh, you, uh... should call first, you know?  Hey, where the hell were you all day?  You gotta at least call in or something.  You okay?
75) 5) dialog: Listen, uh... if you're okay, can it wait till tomorrow morning, kid, I... Johnny hears footsteps and turns. Miss Deer comes through the door like it's not the first time, carrying a bag of groceries.
76) 0) text: A few minutes later.  Utah and Pappas leaning on his car. The younger agent seems to have regained his hunt-down fever.
76) 2) dialog: This Zen master surfer.
76) 5) dialog: Did he rob it?
76) 9) dialog: Last time you got a feeling I had to kill a man, which I always hate because it looks bad on the report.
76) 11) dialog: Alright, look... banks are closed. Nothing's gonna go down tonight, right?  So we'll be on these guys like white on rice... first thing tomorrow morning.  Okay?  Tomorrow. Okay? Utah nods.  Then grins.  Pappas starts backing up, like a long rubber band which was stretched taut is pulling him back into the house.
77) 2) dialog: They're on their way to Maui.
77) 4) dialog: Jesus Christ, kid!  The banks don't open 'till nine.
78) 2) dialog: Sure.  No problem.  I'll just call up and tell him his favorite agent saw this one surfer moon another surfer yesterday and it looked real suspicious.  Shit, he'll probably call out the National Guard.
78) 4) dialog: Look, we handle it ourselves, for right now, okay?  We cover the bank, whatever.  You and me.  That way if nothing happens, or more accurately, when nothing happens... I don't get my tits any further into the wringer than they already are.
79) 1) dialog: Time for lunch.
79) 3) dialog: That place up the street has meatball sandwiches.  Get me two. Utah slides out of the car.  Feeling a little exposed he pulls his Dodgers cap down a little tighter, and adjusts his sunglasses. He trudges off through the sidewalk crowd toward the FAST FOOD STAND nearby. Pappas pulls the sports page back up to block the sun.
79) 9) text: Did you see that T-Bird pull up? Pappas pulls a disgusting mass from the bag, unwrapping one end.
79) 10) dialog: (without looking)
79) 11) text: Damn, I could eat the ass out of an elephant.  I shoulda had you get me three a these.  What T-Bird? Pappas is about to take a huge bite when a meatball falls out of the end of the sandwich.  It lands on the seat nex to him. He looks at it.  Picks it up.  Pops it into his mouth and-- Freezes, mouth open.  Eyes focused on... The Ex-Presidents, in living color, flashing through the doors of the bank 80 feet away. Johnny is so astounded he doesn't do anything for about two seconds.  Pappas coughs out his meatball, eyes bugging.
79) 12) dialog: Jesus Christ!!  It's them! The Presidents are piling into the car. Johnny reacts characteristically.  He whips out the Beretta and yells--
79) 15) dialog: Come on, kid, get in the car! Jesus!
80) 0) text: Pappas reaches across, starting the engine as Johnny jump in the driver's side.  Utah buries the throttle into the firewall and charges aggressively through the medium traffic. Their sedan slews around the back of an eighteen wheeler, fishtailing.  It straightens out.  No T-Bird in sight.
80) 2) dialog: They took a left at the next light!
80) 5) dialog: You even watching the road? A car pulls out, straight ahead. Utah swerves wildly, mostly gets around him.  The guy's bumper and front grille are removed.  Utah does a smoking skid-recovery.  Doesn't even slow down. The late model T-Bird is weaving manically.  It makes a sliding turn onto a cross street half a block ahead of th FBI agents. Utah cuts the wheel into a huge Ralph's parking lot. Pedestrians scatter.  Utah center-punches a week's supply of groceries in a cart.
81) 2) dialog: Nice fuckin' work, hotshot. Christ! They can see the T-Bird still moving. It slews drunkenly as the driver maintains speed on flapping rubber. Johnny shimmies out of the wreckage, sliding on his back in broken glass.  Pappas is packed in, upside down, wriggling to get out through the side window.  A tight fit.
86) 0) text: UTAH sits next to the DISPATCHER waiting for news like a sailor in a storm.  His leg is popped up on a chair with jeans split to the thigh and an ace bandage wrapped aroun his knee. His face is a nasty patchwork of scratches and bruises. He drains his coffee and gazes out at the empty bullpen. PAPPAS comes through the doors, wiping the remains of dinner off his mouth.
86) 1) dialog: Nothing?
86) 3) dialog: Go home, kid.  Get the hell outta here.  Get some sleep.  You look like shit.  They get anything even resembles your guy, I'm on your beeper.  Here.  You like feta? He smiles warmly, handing his younger partner a brown paper sack.
86) 5) dialog: Johnny... Utah stops.  Looks back at the man.
86) 6) dialog: All I wanna know is one thing, why didn't you just take the shot? Johnny's gaze turns inward.
101) 0) text: Ten minutes later the bank "crime scene" is in full swing UNIFORM COPS are everywhere, trying to get statements fro sobbing witnesses.  HARP, MUNOZ, COLE AND PAPPAS represen the FBI contingent.  Cole has one arm strapped to his bod in a fairly elaborate sling, and he moves slowly. Harp is barking orders to everyone in sight.  Outside (visible beyond the doors) it's total pandemonium, with cops and ambulances, and of course a huge crowd of rubberneckers.  A MINICAM CREW shows up.  Harp starts shouting at them. COLE, with evident pleasure, cinches down a pair of handcuff's on Utah's wrists with his good hand.  Johnny has a deep cut on his forehead, and the blood is tricklin into his eyes, but he seems not to notice.  Not to hear MUNOZ speaking monotonously--
101) 2) dialog: He knows his goddamn rights! (looks at Utah)
101) 9) dialog: Look, Harp.  Don't turn him over to the uniforms like some punk.  Let me ride him in.
101) 11) dialog: Harp, let me tell you something.  I was an agent in this bureau when your mommy was still wiping your shinny pink ass, and you know one thing I learned in all those years that you still haven't?
101) 13) dialog: Respect your elders. (he takes Utah by the arm)
101) 14) text: Let's go kid. Harp struggles to sit up, rubbing his jaw, as Pappas stuffs Utah into his car.  Harp is so shocked he doesn't say a word.
102) 2) dialog: Figured you did. Angelo flips Johnny the key. Johnny lets himself out of the cuffs.  He sits rubbing hi wrists.
103) 0) text: LONG LENS SHOT through a forest of small planes as Pappas sedan glides INTO FRAME.  It moves sharklike among throug the Cessna forest.  Slows to a stop. Through the jungle of wings and fuselages we see Pappas get out of the car and start working his way among the aircraft. Utah slides behind the wheel and drives on. TIGHT ON TURBOPROP ENGINE roaring as it warms up. The same aircraft as before. Bodhi and Nathaniel are loading duffel bags into the open back door as the pilot completes his pre-flight checks. The Ex-President's suits have been removed, along with th body armor, and no guns are in sight.  Just a couple of guys getting ready for a charter flight.  Bodhi looks up and stops his work as... THE FBI SEDAN stops about 50 feet away. Nathaniel pulls a shotgun out of one of the duffels. Utah gets out.  He holds his hands out from his body and turns completely around.  Without his jacket on, it is evident that he is not carrying a gun. He walks forward.
103) 19) dialog: Kid, get outta the way!!
103) 22) dialog: 