35) 6) text: Tyler and Utah straddle their boards outside the break. She nods as the set comes, mellow right tubes.  Utah digs in, arms pumping. He feels the bite as the wave picks up his board and starts down the wall. And endos. CLOUDY PLATINUM DAWN... Tyler shouting at Utah as he fights for balance. He flies off again. BLINDING BRIGHT SUNRISE.  TYLER NEXT TO UTAH in the lineup, straddling boards.  She moves her hands like a fighter pilot explaining a dogfight maneuver.  Utah watches intently. Utah, backlit in glorious slow motion, tries a little tur and feels his feet slip out.  He slams down butt-first on the board, flips over, feet sticking straight up out of a blast of diamond spray. Tyler cringes, giving a look like it's hopeless. TYLER AND UTAH, at their cars, skinning out of their wetsuits.  Utah looks exhausted, downcast.  She snaps her wet towel at his ass, cheering him up. MALIBU PIER.  RAIN.  Tyler jumps out of her Porsche and sees Utah sitting in his car.  She goes to him, opens the door and starts pulling him out.  Come on you pussy. UTAH and TYLER wait their turn in the lineup.  Rain pelts their faces.  The waves are depressing inside mushers under a gray sky. Utah starts to paddle.  Tyler shakes her head no.  Utah i committed to the I'face.  Tyler stifles a laugh.
92) 0) text: TIGHT ON A turbo-prop engine ROARING. WIDER reveals a big Cessna twin.  The PILOT, a weaselly guy we haven't seen before, fires up the second engine. The plane shudders eagerly in the metallic predawn light. A desert airstrip near Palmdale.  A couple of aluminum- siding hangers and no tower.  A few other planes around but no activity besides Bodhi's rock-steady crew. UTAH watches Grommet whip back a tarp in the bed of Bodhi's truck and starts tossing out PARACHUTE PACKS. Roach tosses one to Bodhi, who chucks it to Utah.
103) 0) text: LONG LENS SHOT through a forest of small planes as Pappas sedan glides INTO FRAME.  It moves sharklike among throug the Cessna forest.  Slows to a stop. Through the jungle of wings and fuselages we see Pappas get out of the car and start working his way among the aircraft. Utah slides behind the wheel and drives on. TIGHT ON TURBOPROP ENGINE roaring as it warms up. The same aircraft as before. Bodhi and Nathaniel are loading duffel bags into the open back door as the pilot completes his pre-flight checks. The Ex-President's suits have been removed, along with th body armor, and no guns are in sight.  Just a couple of guys getting ready for a charter flight.  Bodhi looks up and stops his work as... THE FBI SEDAN stops about 50 feet away. Nathaniel pulls a shotgun out of one of the duffels. Utah gets out.  He holds his hands out from his body and turns completely around.  Without his jacket on, it is evident that he is not carrying a gun. He walks forward.
103) 27) dialog: I ain't flyin' you guys to San Phillipe man, forget it.  Not now--
105) 0) text: The aircraft bucks like a bull as the pilot jinks and banks wildly. Bodhi has the Casull aimed at the base of his skull from the jump seat just behind him. Roach holds the shotgun on Utah, seated across from him i the rear seats. Roach is a pale, sweaty mask.  He is propped against a bulkhead, seemingly collapsed in on himself like a discarded coat. His entire shirtfront and lap are slick with blood. But his gaze is steady, and the shotgun is aimed into Utah's guts. No one talks or moves on this grim hell-ride.
107) 0) text: The pilot yells over his shoulder to Bodhi...
107) 1) dialog: Look, we been in Mexico the last half hour... can I quit mowing the lawn here or what?  I'm getting more brush in the wheels than I usually like, you know what I'm saying?!
107) 18) text: Let's go. Bodhi signals the pilot and Utah feels the plane drop as the engines are cut back to an idle.  Bodhi slaps Roach o the shoulder and Roach slumps backward out of the plane. Bodhi braces to jump, looking at Johnny for a last split- second.