19) 1) text: ECU sweep hand of a dive watch clicks through the seconds. Magnum shells are fed into a pump shotgun. Velcro straps of Second Chance body armor are fastened. White gloves are pulled snug over strong hands. A silk tie is straightened.  A shotgun slide is cocked. The sweep hand approaches the twelve. A LATEX MASK is pulled over the back of a man's head.
36) 5) dialog: Brah! Suddenly a football whistles through the air above Utah's head. He watches as-- The Bodhisattva, board under arm, walking out of the whitewater, makes a one-handed chest catch. A few yards away two teams of SURFERS play football. Utah gazes down the beach at the Bodhisattva. Almost 30 years old, his body lean and hard as a tree trunk.  Hardness in the face accented by long Comanche hair.
37) 0) text: Rimmed by a dozen car HEADLIGHTS at the edge of the sand. Utah crouches, waiting for the snap from NATHANIEL, ponytailed and powerfully built.  Facing them on defense are Bodhi, Tyler and three others: ROACH, gonzo and spiked-haired.  GROMMET... 17 and thin as a stick, and ROSIE, a biker with piggy eyes and arms blue with tattoos MONTAGE STYLE -- Utah tosses a flurry of mindboggling passes.  Every one picture perfect.  Nathaniel scrambles z-out left, turns and the ball is practically waiting for him.  Touchdowns galore.  Endzone dancing.  Bodhi stares at him curiously. Tyler rushes.  Utah enjoys scrambling, ducking left and right, twisting her into a pretzel.  Play after play. Utah tosses another touchdown, but Tyler keeps coming. Sacking him. They lie together in a heap, laughing. Bodhi quarterbacks.  Utah rushes.  Bodhi fakes a pass the runs, ball tucked in his arm.  Utah tears after him.  Fla out speed run. Roach attempts a block.  Utah hits him like a freight train. Roach hits the sand face first. Grommet and Rosie the biker in a squeeze play. Utah, fierce now, blasts between them.  No mercy. Utah can't play for fun.  We see his expression. Something scary there.  What we will call "juggernaut mode". Tyler just steps aside. Bodhi running along wet sand as a wave sweeps up the beach.  Looks back.  Sees a demon shooting up roostertail of spray behind him, gaining.  Pours it on.  Both of them pistoning through curtains of water.  Not a game anymore. Closing on the endzone.  5 yards.  Utah is airborne. SLAMS BODHI LIKE A SAM MISSILE.  They crash and burn together in the surf. The other surfers run up.  Who's this newcomer that just centerpunched their main man?  Industrial strength tension.
37) 1) dialog: The fuck you doin' man?!  You fuckin' crazy? Bodhi flashes a million dollar smile.
37) 4) dialog: Johnny fuckin' Utah!  Fuckin'-A! Yeah, I remember that game, man. You were on-fire.  They could not stop your ass.
54) 0) text: Tyler leads Utah through the steady flow of SURF-RATS and other PCH NOMADS toward a large outdoor deck where a barbecue is in progress.  Moonlit waves pound the shore eighty feet below. They are immediately distracted by the small crowd gathering around GROMMET who has his nose pressed flat against the center of a dart board. His eyes swivels back to ROACH, standing fifteen feet away, dart in hand, getting ready to throw.
54) 21) dialog: You lose it right then, you're history.  The fish'll be pickin' you outta the coral. Nathaniel cackles that absurd Pee-Wee Herman laugh.  He starts to flail, arms pinwheeling. Utah catches him by the back of the shorts and pulls him back.  Nathaniel spins and drops clumsily onto the deck.
54) 24) dialog: See, it's all dynamic, it's all in motion.  You can't just stop and walk on in to the beach if you don't like the way things are going, y' know what I mean?  You gotta ride it out man, all the way.
54) 29) dialog: The set was northwest.  Jacking up like a fucking mountain of gray glass--
56) 1) dialog: (a voice in the distance)
72) 0) text: The doorbell BUZZ shrieks through the room.  It stops. Starts again.  A ghostly dawn finds UTAH and TYLER sleeping peacefully, limbs entwined like vines. Johnny's eyes snap open.  Spies the clock.  4:00 a.m. Tyler stirs beside him, coming out of sleep. Johnny wraps a blanket around his waist and staggers to the door. BODHI stands outside the door wearing a lunatic grin. Behind him NATHANIEL, ROACH and GROMMET hoot from the pickup.
91) 0) text: The tapedeck blasts.  BODHI and UTAH sit inside the cab. Through the rear window, we see NATHANIEL, ROACH and GROMMET in the flatbed. Bodhi swivels his eyes to Johnny, lowers the volume.
91) 15) text: Whoa.  Careful.  You got the muzzle pointing right at me, brah. He casually pushes the barrel away, looking back at the highway. Johnny swings a stiff arm out his window and pumps a ROUN into open desert.  KABOOOM!!  The recoil blows Johnny's arm back over the top of the truck.  Practically breaks his wrist. Thunder rolls across the dark hills. From the back of the pickup Nathaniel howls. Grommet and Roach high five. Johnny turns to Bodhi, breaking slowly into a feral grin.
92) 0) text: TIGHT ON A turbo-prop engine ROARING. WIDER reveals a big Cessna twin.  The PILOT, a weaselly guy we haven't seen before, fires up the second engine. The plane shudders eagerly in the metallic predawn light. A desert airstrip near Palmdale.  A couple of aluminum- siding hangers and no tower.  A few other planes around but no activity besides Bodhi's rock-steady crew. UTAH watches Grommet whip back a tarp in the bed of Bodhi's truck and starts tossing out PARACHUTE PACKS. Roach tosses one to Bodhi, who chucks it to Utah.
93) 0) text: Utah sits, wearing a day-glo jump suit, hugging the chute in his lap.  Next to him is the gaping door.  Beyond... a spectacular down sunburst at 10,000 feet.  ROAR of wind and engines. Utah watches Bodhi, Nathaniel, Grommet and Roach wrigglin into their colorful freefall suits.  Nathaniel pulls on a pair of purple shorts over his suit.  Looks real dorky. Grommet has on duck feet.  Bodhi, apparently, is going to jump barefoot. Nobody has their chutes on yet. Johnny hefts his, as if weighing it, somehow judging the contents.  His brain is racing.  Bodhi shouts over the roar.
93) 6) dialog: Hey... you don't want Bodhi's, man. His pack-jobs suck... they only open half the time.  Take Grommet's, man. Roach's grin is evil as he grabs Grommet's chute out of his hands and switches it with Johnny's.  Keeps that one and gives his to Grommet.
94) 4) dialog: Whip it out dudes!  Cheap sex with the cosmos!
98) 4) dialog: Peace through superior firepower, babe. Bodhi conspicuously empties all the shells from a PUMP 12 GAUGE. Pockets the shells.  Tosses the weapon to Utah.
98) 12) text: She does you know.  It's not her style to fall so hard... I don't think she did with me. He pulls the Ronald Reagan mask over his head smoothly. Roach pulls his on.  NIXON.  Nathaniel becomes KENNEDY. Grommet transforms into LBJ. Bodhi looks in the bag -- no more masks.
100) 9) text: Head's down!  Eyes down!  Just a couple minutes of your life and we're gone. Bodhi leaps to the counter, commanding the room. But at this point they diverge from their time-proven plan. Roach isn't going for the drawers... he's sprinting for the VAULT.
100) 22) dialog: (freaking to Bodhi)
103) 29) dialog: Get in the fucking plane. Bodhi stands behind Johnny, the shotgun aimed at his head Their expressions are lethally cold. We see that Utah hates this man who was his friend, his teacher, more now than he dreamed it was possible to hate
105) 0) text: The aircraft bucks like a bull as the pilot jinks and banks wildly. Bodhi has the Casull aimed at the base of his skull from the jump seat just behind him. Roach holds the shotgun on Utah, seated across from him i the rear seats. Roach is a pale, sweaty mask.  He is propped against a bulkhead, seemingly collapsed in on himself like a discarded coat. His entire shirtfront and lap are slick with blood. But his gaze is steady, and the shotgun is aimed into Utah's guts. No one talks or moves on this grim hell-ride.
107) 3) dialog: We're gonna pop up on their screens.
107) 5) dialog: I'm cold.
107) 8) text: I hope it was worth it. Roach clutches the canvas sack to his chest like a Teddy bear.  Glares at Utah.  He hooks the strap of the duffel over one shoulder.
107) 18) text: Let's go. Bodhi signals the pilot and Utah feels the plane drop as the engines are cut back to an idle.  Bodhi slaps Roach o the shoulder and Roach slumps backward out of the plane. Bodhi braces to jump, looking at Johnny for a last split- second.