37) 0) text: Rimmed by a dozen car HEADLIGHTS at the edge of the sand. Utah crouches, waiting for the snap from NATHANIEL, ponytailed and powerfully built.  Facing them on defense are Bodhi, Tyler and three others: ROACH, gonzo and spiked-haired.  GROMMET... 17 and thin as a stick, and ROSIE, a biker with piggy eyes and arms blue with tattoos MONTAGE STYLE -- Utah tosses a flurry of mindboggling passes.  Every one picture perfect.  Nathaniel scrambles z-out left, turns and the ball is practically waiting for him.  Touchdowns galore.  Endzone dancing.  Bodhi stares at him curiously. Tyler rushes.  Utah enjoys scrambling, ducking left and right, twisting her into a pretzel.  Play after play. Utah tosses another touchdown, but Tyler keeps coming. Sacking him. They lie together in a heap, laughing. Bodhi quarterbacks.  Utah rushes.  Bodhi fakes a pass the runs, ball tucked in his arm.  Utah tears after him.  Fla out speed run. Roach attempts a block.  Utah hits him like a freight train. Roach hits the sand face first. Grommet and Rosie the biker in a squeeze play. Utah, fierce now, blasts between them.  No mercy. Utah can't play for fun.  We see his expression. Something scary there.  What we will call "juggernaut mode". Tyler just steps aside. Bodhi running along wet sand as a wave sweeps up the beach.  Looks back.  Sees a demon shooting up roostertail of spray behind him, gaining.  Pours it on.  Both of them pistoning through curtains of water.  Not a game anymore. Closing on the endzone.  5 yards.  Utah is airborne. SLAMS BODHI LIKE A SAM MISSILE.  They crash and burn together in the surf. The other surfers run up.  Who's this newcomer that just centerpunched their main man?  Industrial strength tension.
56) 0) text: SIX DARK FIGURES walk toward us out of shafts of light... the headlights of Bodhi's CHEVY 4WD and Tyler's Porsche. The figures are Bodhi, Johnny, Tyler and the other surfers. ROSIE hangs back with the idling vehicles, tattooed arms crossed.  He puffs on a cigarette. A WIDE SHOT (MATTE) of the beach shows a pool of light from the headlights, beyond it a vast silver ocean under black sky.  The full moon casts the world in cold monochrome.  The little figures reach the sea.
57) 0) text: Rosie sits on the sand next to a blazing fire in a cement firepit. ANGLE THROUGH THE HEAT HAZE above the flames.  Tyler punches through, a few feet away.  She paddles toward him coming alongside.
59) 0) text: Tyler's Porsche stands alone in an empty lot. Her surfboard sticks up in back, next to Utah's "stealth fighter". Rosie's fire is burning low. Tyler, half-wrapped in a blanket from the car, straddles Johnny on the sand like she straddles her board.  The blanket slips down. Naked silhouettes in the firelight. She arches her back as they move together in prefect sync Grips his shoulders and stares into his face, her teeth bared in a grimace of pleasure that looks like pain. She makes love like she does everything... with honesty and intensity. Utah, surprisingly, is gentle and slow. He strokes her hair after she collapses onto him.
107) 11) dialog: Copy you, Air Force One.  We have a visual on you.  Lookin' fine.
107) 16) dialog: Copy you.  Surgery is canceled. I'm lettin' the bitch go. Bodhi looks out the doorway.  Gauging distance, airspeed, the geography below.  He looks at Utah, aiming the Casull at him. Johnny stares back at him like a pit viper.