1) 0) text: Backlit against a flaming sun a solitary SURFER glides across the green glassy peak.  TIME IS STRETCHED until hi movements gain a grace and fluidity not of this world. Total Zen concentration.  Body weight centered, eyes forward and on the next section.
4) 0) text: SILVERY in this light, almost metallic, as if from some future-scape.  The lone surfer SHREDS a long, endless right wall. ACCELERATING INTO REAL TIME -- as he stares into the pit, digs in, drops into the sweet spot on the wave, hunkers down. His moves becoming aggressive, frenzied--
7) 0) text: FAST NOW -- the surfboard rips a brutal gash in the face of the wave.  The surfer TRIMS down the line, pivoting th board and going straight down, CARVING the bottom.  He slashes viciously back toward the lip and-- In a radical INVERTED AIR ATTACK sails SIX feet above the wave in an explosion of water--
13) 0) text: Red sky.  A luminous Pacific.  Five foot faces.  Nice curl.  A lineup of SURFERS wait outside the break. Silhouetted, bobbing like a pack of sea mammals.
27) 0) text: WHAAAAAM!  Johnny is CLOBBERED by a wave. He's flipped off his board and hits the water face-first as the wave crashes over him.  Other surfers steer clear. PAPPAS lounges in a beach chair in his plutonium pink shorts, purple Vuarnet's and a T-shirt emblazoned with "Surf This" across the chest.  A picnic basket sits close at hand.  He winces at Utah's wipeout.  Shouts from his beach chair.
27) 3) text: Got it... UTAH holds the tip steady, gouges the face of a wave and squirts out the other side.  Another wave rises and Utah glides up over the hump.  He clears the swell and the ocean suddenly smooths out like a giant lake.  Triumphant over having made the lineup, he sits up on the board, and falls over. PAPPAS slices a green apple, some feta cheese and eats of the knife. UTAH climbs back on his board.  WHISTLES and HOOTS sound as SURFERS spot a new swell.  Utah watches as the regular start catching rides.  Suddenly he feels like a lost dog on a busy freeway. A young LOCAL in a neon wetsuit slashes past him, inches away.
29) 0) text: Deafening BOOM as a monster wave CRASHES below a sky the color of slate.  A distant Pacific storm has brought the swell.  10 foot faces.  Glassy, green walls the size of houses beckoning from beyond the soup. A lone FIGURE bobbing out beyond the break. The surfer disappears behind the swell. Then REAPPEARS, grinning across the smooth offshore barrel. UTAH wearing a wetsuit stands beside his surfboard, craning forward to get a better look. The surfer is a WOMAN. She moves with liquid grace, in perfect harmony with the sea, long hair flying out behind her.  She undulates like a dancer. Dipping, carving, slicing, making it look sooooo easy. Johnny shakes his head.  Oh man, if she can do it...
29) 4) dialog: (yelling above the roar)
31) 0) text: Utah cruises up slowly, pulls off the road. Up ahead the Porsche turns into the parking lot of NEPTUNE'S NET, a Coast Highway hangout that serves high- grade steamed sea-critters and beer to low-grade road trash, bikers and surfers. Lean-and-Mean, wearing jeans and T-shirt, jumps out of th Porsche.  She hurries to the door of the Net, unlocking i for a couple of Mexican cooks -- helpers wearing expressions like they wait like this for her every day. UTAH puts down his binoculars and jots the Porsche's license number down on a Tastee-Freeze bag.  867CDH.
37) 0) text: Rimmed by a dozen car HEADLIGHTS at the edge of the sand. Utah crouches, waiting for the snap from NATHANIEL, ponytailed and powerfully built.  Facing them on defense are Bodhi, Tyler and three others: ROACH, gonzo and spiked-haired.  GROMMET... 17 and thin as a stick, and ROSIE, a biker with piggy eyes and arms blue with tattoos MONTAGE STYLE -- Utah tosses a flurry of mindboggling passes.  Every one picture perfect.  Nathaniel scrambles z-out left, turns and the ball is practically waiting for him.  Touchdowns galore.  Endzone dancing.  Bodhi stares at him curiously. Tyler rushes.  Utah enjoys scrambling, ducking left and right, twisting her into a pretzel.  Play after play. Utah tosses another touchdown, but Tyler keeps coming. Sacking him. They lie together in a heap, laughing. Bodhi quarterbacks.  Utah rushes.  Bodhi fakes a pass the runs, ball tucked in his arm.  Utah tears after him.  Fla out speed run. Roach attempts a block.  Utah hits him like a freight train. Roach hits the sand face first. Grommet and Rosie the biker in a squeeze play. Utah, fierce now, blasts between them.  No mercy. Utah can't play for fun.  We see his expression. Something scary there.  What we will call "juggernaut mode". Tyler just steps aside. Bodhi running along wet sand as a wave sweeps up the beach.  Looks back.  Sees a demon shooting up roostertail of spray behind him, gaining.  Pours it on.  Both of them pistoning through curtains of water.  Not a game anymore. Closing on the endzone.  5 yards.  Utah is airborne. SLAMS BODHI LIKE A SAM MISSILE.  They crash and burn together in the surf. The other surfers run up.  Who's this newcomer that just centerpunched their main man?  Industrial strength tension.
43) 0) text: Department of Health sign reads, "Beach Temporarily Closed." Beyond it crashes a wasted northwest swell. Two frustrated teenage SURFERS huddle underneath a towel. Marijuana smoke seeps upward. A sandaled FOOT enters frame and taps their leg.  Angry heads poke up from beneath the towel, nostrils and mouths billowing smoke. The two wear T-shirts which read "Passion for Slashin" an "Psycho Stick". PAPPAS smiles, standing there in his beach wear, trying t blend in.  He doesn't.
44) 0) text: Row of SURFMOBILES parked along a cliff, facing the ocean doors open, stereos blasting, SURFERS hanging, sitting on hoods. Utah moves along the cars, looking surfed-out. He's tanned, relaxed.  Hair starting to bleach out.  One of the tribe.
46) 0) text: EXTREME LONG LENS scans the beach from a height.  A gray, miserable day.  Beach crowd thin except for diehards. The image drifts across faces, BODIES.  Surfers walking with boards. Talking, sitting with pubescent girls. The image settles on Johnny, astride his board, bobbing beyond the break. ON PAPPAS, scanning with powerful binoculars from his car CLOSE ON UTAH, out among the flock of hardcore surfers. Ostensibly waiting for a wave, his eyes search the others around him, clicking methodically from face to face. Finally he swings his board around and awkwardly catches ride. The modest wave carries him toward the beach as he balances, tense and style-less. He passes someone we've seen before.  The RAZORHEAD from the first day.  In concentration, Johnny doesn't see the guy. But Razorhead definitely sees him. JOHNNY reaches the beach and jogs up the sand.  He picks up a towel and talks into it as he dries his hair.  A glimpse of the walkie-talkie hidden beneath.
56) 0) text: SIX DARK FIGURES walk toward us out of shafts of light... the headlights of Bodhi's CHEVY 4WD and Tyler's Porsche. The figures are Bodhi, Johnny, Tyler and the other surfers. ROSIE hangs back with the idling vehicles, tattooed arms crossed.  He puffs on a cigarette. A WIDE SHOT (MATTE) of the beach shows a pool of light from the headlights, beyond it a vast silver ocean under black sky.  The full moon casts the world in cold monochrome.  The little figures reach the sea.
111) 0) text: WALL OF SOLID WATER FIVE STORIES HIGH CRASHES straight down in a holocaust of spray... Rising up from the ocean to meet a tormented sky, roll th most terrifying waves any surfer has ever seen.  They close out, pummeling the ocean floor, casting a shockwave up the shore. SURFERS gather on the sand, gaze out to sea.
111) 1) dialog: Jesus Almighty, the bloody sand's shakin'. The beach sounds like a MORTAR RANGE. JOHNNY passes among the brahs.
111) 2) dialog: Totally closed-out.  It's fuckin' death on a stick. ON BODHI, sitting crosslegged in the sand, arms folded around his knees.  He stares pensively out at the waves. His hand reaches out and absently strokes a surfboard lying next to him.