34) 0) text: Tyler Endicott is working the counter.  She jams an order on the wheel and turns TO US.
34) 1) dialog: Next!  Oh, no. REVERSE ON Johnny standing there.  Her only customer.
34) 2) dialog: What do you want?
34) 4) dialog: I mean, what do you want?  What are you doing hanging around here.
34) 7) dialog: Gimme a break. (to cook)
34) 11) dialog: I can see that.  But forget it. Stick to tennis, or whatever you're good at.  Miniature golf.  Here, your number's 37.
34) 13) dialog: What is it?  You all of a sudden got this bug you had to go surfing? This is a line, right?
34) 15) dialog: This gonna take long?
34) 17) text: But two years ago they got killed in a car wreck and I just suddenly realized all my goals had been their goals.  And I hadn't been living my own life.  So I wanted something for myself.  Something that maybe didn't make any sense.  You know what I mean? Tyler's smile has faded during this.  He's managed to touch her, break through the tough-waitress act.  Now she's looking him right in the eye.
34) 19) dialog: Tomorrow, 6 AM.  Here.  If you're a minute late I'm gone. (he's grinning)
35) 0) text: UTAH &amp; TYLER walk across the sand. Tyler drops her board.
35) 1) dialog: Stop here. (she turns to him)
35) 5) dialog: Do it again. Tyler is making him "pop" up to his feet.  Again and again.  GAWKERS stop to watch.  Utah fights humiliation. He pops again.  And again.  Quick cuts. On the next pop we-- PULL BACK to reveal Utah on his board, in a wave.  He is surfing. For about three seconds.  He flies off the deck, ass over teakettle. On the SPLASH we start--
35) 6) text: Tyler and Utah straddle their boards outside the break. She nods as the set comes, mellow right tubes.  Utah digs in, arms pumping. He feels the bite as the wave picks up his board and starts down the wall. And endos. CLOUDY PLATINUM DAWN... Tyler shouting at Utah as he fights for balance. He flies off again. BLINDING BRIGHT SUNRISE.  TYLER NEXT TO UTAH in the lineup, straddling boards.  She moves her hands like a fighter pilot explaining a dogfight maneuver.  Utah watches intently. Utah, backlit in glorious slow motion, tries a little tur and feels his feet slip out.  He slams down butt-first on the board, flips over, feet sticking straight up out of a blast of diamond spray. Tyler cringes, giving a look like it's hopeless. TYLER AND UTAH, at their cars, skinning out of their wetsuits.  Utah looks exhausted, downcast.  She snaps her wet towel at his ass, cheering him up. MALIBU PIER.  RAIN.  Tyler jumps out of her Porsche and sees Utah sitting in his car.  She goes to him, opens the door and starts pulling him out.  Come on you pussy. UTAH and TYLER wait their turn in the lineup.  Rain pelts their faces.  The waves are depressing inside mushers under a gray sky. Utah starts to paddle.  Tyler shakes her head no.  Utah i committed to the I'face.  Tyler stifles a laugh.
35) 7) dialog: (to the other surfers)
35) 8) text: I'm not with him. Johnny gouges the lip, pops and begins the drop. Suddenly, miraculously, he catches an edge and, still standing, is carried along the tiny wall. The wall begins to sag.  Utah shoots along the mush hooting and continues hooting madly as he thrashes all th way to shore. He turns and grins foolishly out to sea. Tyler bursts out laughing.
36) 0) text: Big surf.  Rough conditions.  Closeout set. UTAH, board in arm, follows Tyler out of the whitewater onto the beach.
36) 1) dialog: It's closing out completely.  Let's call it. Utah nods.  His eyes track the unruly break.
36) 3) dialog: That's Bodhi.  They call his the Bodhisattva. Utah watches as THE BODHISATTVA gets vertical with a snap trims down the volcanic wall, carves the bottom, pivots, pumps to the top, gouging the lip, getting six feet of air. Gawkers HOWL and shout praise at the manic surfer.
36) 4) dialog: The modern savage.  Guy's even crazier than you, Johnny Utah. C'mon. They start to walk.  The sky darkens as the sea finally closes out completely.  The Bodhisattva seems to levitate through the shapeless mush to shore.
37) 0) text: Rimmed by a dozen car HEADLIGHTS at the edge of the sand. Utah crouches, waiting for the snap from NATHANIEL, ponytailed and powerfully built.  Facing them on defense are Bodhi, Tyler and three others: ROACH, gonzo and spiked-haired.  GROMMET... 17 and thin as a stick, and ROSIE, a biker with piggy eyes and arms blue with tattoos MONTAGE STYLE -- Utah tosses a flurry of mindboggling passes.  Every one picture perfect.  Nathaniel scrambles z-out left, turns and the ball is practically waiting for him.  Touchdowns galore.  Endzone dancing.  Bodhi stares at him curiously. Tyler rushes.  Utah enjoys scrambling, ducking left and right, twisting her into a pretzel.  Play after play. Utah tosses another touchdown, but Tyler keeps coming. Sacking him. They lie together in a heap, laughing. Bodhi quarterbacks.  Utah rushes.  Bodhi fakes a pass the runs, ball tucked in his arm.  Utah tears after him.  Fla out speed run. Roach attempts a block.  Utah hits him like a freight train. Roach hits the sand face first. Grommet and Rosie the biker in a squeeze play. Utah, fierce now, blasts between them.  No mercy. Utah can't play for fun.  We see his expression. Something scary there.  What we will call "juggernaut mode". Tyler just steps aside. Bodhi running along wet sand as a wave sweeps up the beach.  Looks back.  Sees a demon shooting up roostertail of spray behind him, gaining.  Pours it on.  Both of them pistoning through curtains of water.  Not a game anymore. Closing on the endzone.  5 yards.  Utah is airborne. SLAMS BODHI LIKE A SAM MISSILE.  They crash and burn together in the surf. The other surfers run up.  Who's this newcomer that just centerpunched their main man?  Industrial strength tension.
37) 3) text: Rose Bowl three years ago.  Right? Johnny nods.  Tyler looks at him -- no shit?
53) 0) text: A bunker-like structure built of stone and glass on a cliff overlooking the Pacific.  Surfmobiles and motorcycles parked in front.  A strong backbeat thumps through the open front doors. Tyler's Porsche pulls into the driveway.  She and Johnny get out and head for the entrance.
53) 2) dialog: He rents it for the summer.  Bodhi always gets some slick place and throws it open to every surf burnout around.  Most a these guys can't keep a job.  When the swell comes, they're gone, they have to ride.
54) 0) text: Tyler leads Utah through the steady flow of SURF-RATS and other PCH NOMADS toward a large outdoor deck where a barbecue is in progress.  Moonlit waves pound the shore eighty feet below. They are immediately distracted by the small crowd gathering around GROMMET who has his nose pressed flat against the center of a dart board. His eyes swivels back to ROACH, standing fifteen feet away, dart in hand, getting ready to throw.
54) 5) dialog: Catch of the day.
54) 7) dialog: People are expendable to Bodhi.
54) 9) dialog: (shrugs)
54) 12) dialog: (she chuckles)
54) 23) text: Thanks, brah. Tyler sits next to Johnny, sipping a beer.  Bodhi is not in sight.
54) 36) text: Hell, I ain't gonna see 30. He and Nathaniel slap a warm, brotherly handshake. Utah notices that Tyler is giving him a dark look. She gets up suddenly and walks away from the group.
54) 38) text: Uh.  I need another beer. He heads out after Tyler.
55) 0) text: Johnny moves through the house, looking for her.  As he passes the den, he sees Tyler standing inside, and goes into the dark room. It is the only personalized space we have seen in the house. A kind of shrine to the Bodhisattva. Shelves filled with books and artifacts from his travels. Maori masks, a blowgun, a skeletal shark mouth two feet across, a huge fossil ammonite... an unbelievable variety of tribal artifacts and marine specimens. The books include political literature, eastern religion, philosophy.  A strange hodgepodge of titles and authors: Nietzsche, Marx, the Tao, "Steal this Book", "The Book of Five Rings", Frederick Forsyth thrillers. Tyler is looking at a wall of photographs and Johnny walk up behind her.  Shots of Bodhi surfing a monster wave, mountain-biking, skydiving, flying an ultralight airplane bungee-cord jumping, cliff diving. Every kamikaze activity in the book.
55) 1) dialog: Bunch of goddamn adrenaline junkies. I hope you're not buying into this banzai-bullshit like the rest of Bodhi's moonies.
55) 3) dialog: I've seen that kamikaze look, Johnny.  You've got it.  And Bodhi can smell it a mile away.  He'll take you to the edge... and past it. (she looks past Johnny, sees something)
55) 9) dialog: Swell's here, Johnny.  Bodhi always knows. Bodhi returns from another room with... AN ALL-BLACK SURFBOARD.  It gleams like obsidian.  Near the tip, in small gray letters it says "Stealth Fighter".  Bodhi thrusts it into Johnny's hands. The others WHOOP maniacally. Johnny feels the challenge.  The pull of the tribe.
56) 0) text: SIX DARK FIGURES walk toward us out of shafts of light... the headlights of Bodhi's CHEVY 4WD and Tyler's Porsche. The figures are Bodhi, Johnny, Tyler and the other surfers. ROSIE hangs back with the idling vehicles, tattooed arms crossed.  He puffs on a cigarette. A WIDE SHOT (MATTE) of the beach shows a pool of light from the headlights, beyond it a vast silver ocean under black sky.  The full moon casts the world in cold monochrome.  The little figures reach the sea.
56) 4) dialog: Come on.  At least no one's gonna see how bad you are. Johnny clenches his jaw and charges past her into the water. He strokes powerfully out through the black swell. UTAH'S EBONY BOARD pierces the wave and he slides down th backside to where the others are waiting.  Roach and Nathaniel, silhouettes nearby, see one they like and take off yelling. Johnny turns as a figure glides up next to him.
57) 0) text: Rosie sits on the sand next to a blazing fire in a cement firepit. ANGLE THROUGH THE HEAT HAZE above the flames.  Tyler punches through, a few feet away.  She paddles toward him coming alongside.
57) 1) dialog: You had enough?
57) 3) dialog: Look at you.
57) 5) dialog: Well, usually you have this sort of intense scowl of concentration, like you're doing this for a school project or something... I don't know, like something's driving you. (she puts her fingertip to  his forehead)
57) 8) dialog: (smiling)
57) 9) text: You don't have to. Her face seems luminous in the moonlight.  The ocean silver.  The shore a shimmering line of gold.  The sky black velvet. Utah turns to Tyler, eyes exploring her, as in a dream. Water beads on her dark skin like crawling diamonds. He glides closer, holding her board like an uneasy horse alongside his. He runs his fingertips down her arm.
57) 11) dialog: Those are cold.
59) 0) text: Tyler's Porsche stands alone in an empty lot. Her surfboard sticks up in back, next to Utah's "stealth fighter". Rosie's fire is burning low. Tyler, half-wrapped in a blanket from the car, straddles Johnny on the sand like she straddles her board.  The blanket slips down. Naked silhouettes in the firelight. She arches her back as they move together in prefect sync Grips his shoulders and stares into his face, her teeth bared in a grimace of pleasure that looks like pain. She makes love like she does everything... with honesty and intensity. Utah, surprisingly, is gentle and slow. He strokes her hair after she collapses onto him.
60) 0) text: ECU JOHNNY as he cracks one eye open, registering the daw light. He bolts up, looking around.  Tyler is asleep beside him, with the quilt from the car pulled up tight to her chin. She looks radiant in sleep. He grabs his watch out of the sand and looks at it.
72) 0) text: The doorbell BUZZ shrieks through the room.  It stops. Starts again.  A ghostly dawn finds UTAH and TYLER sleeping peacefully, limbs entwined like vines. Johnny's eyes snap open.  Spies the clock.  4:00 a.m. Tyler stirs beside him, coming out of sleep. Johnny wraps a blanket around his waist and staggers to the door. BODHI stands outside the door wearing a lunatic grin. Behind him NATHANIEL, ROACH and GROMMET hoot from the pickup.
72) 2) dialog: He does this.
73) 0) text: Vampire morning.  A misty predawn, bled of all color. Steel gray tones.  The ocean vanishes in the fog a few feet from shore. Tyler and Johnny, carrying their boards, walk toward the water.
73) 1) dialog: Come on, Utah.  Everybody's out there catchin' all the good rides. She realizes he has stopped ten feet behind her, like a great weight has dragged him to a halt.
73) 2) dialog: What's wrong Johnny? (goes back to him)
73) 5) dialog: Hey.  You okay?  You look like you saw a ghost. SHOCK CUT -- ANGELO TURNING TOWARD HIM, at the drop car scene.  Eons ago.  The sound of his voice ringing...
73) 8) dialog: Johnny... what's going on?  I don't get it... did I do something?
87) 0) text: UTAH sits on the bathroom floor as Tyler dabs Betadyne antiseptic over his wounds.  Utah cringes.
87) 2) dialog: Betadyne doesn't hurt.
87) 4) dialog: So what'd the other guy look like?
87) 6) dialog: But you look like you been in a train wreck, how'd he just drive away? Utah acts like he wants to say something but his mouth won't quite form the words.  Tyler dabs his face, touches a finger to his forehead.
87) 7) dialog: Johnny, what is it with you?  You have that look again, it's like you're about to tell me something and then you don't... or you can't. What's going on? Johnny searches her eyes. She stares at him, becoming fragile suddenly.
87) 8) dialog: What?  What do you want to tell me? Utah's brow unfurls.  The thought has passed.  He slowly cups his hand over hers.  Gently pulling her close.
89) 0) text: UTAH asleep, flopped in a spread-eagled X. WE HEAR the bedroom door opening, see a slash of light fall across the bed. Johnny doesn't stir. A shadow appears on the wall, moving toward him. An outstretched arm holding a gun. Utah snores softly, sleeping like a baby. CAMERA TRACKS IN on his peaceful face. A single eyelid flutters.  Total silence, until... KABOOOOMMM!  The Pillow beside him EXPLODES into a blizzard of goosedown.  Johnny rears up, eyes wide, mouth agape. TYLER stands above him, recovering from the kick of the smoking 9mm Beretta in her hand.
89) 1) dialog: A lawyer!?  You lied to me! She throws his FBI gold star at his face.
89) 2) dialog: Look, Tyler, I can-- BOOM!  Tyler SQUEEZES off another round. Cascading goosefeathers falling like snow. Utah flinches sideways.
89) 3) dialog: Jesus Christ, Johnny -- you've been using me!  Your jacket's on the floor in the bathroom -- this goddamn thing's half out of the pocket... Oh God, it's all part of some case, isn't it?
89) 5) dialog: You tell me the fucking truth Johnny... did your parents really die in a car crash?  DID THEY?! She waves the Beretta in his face.
89) 8) dialog: Fuck you, Johnny Utah.  Fuck you!! Don't you have a soul?  Goddamn you to hell! She goes limp as the sobs rack her body.  The gun flops from her grip. Utah sweeps it under the bed with his foot. He moves to gently comfort her. She bolts at his touch, running from the bedroom. Utah is up and hopping into his pants to follow her.  He stumbles.
89) 11) dialog: Hi, it's me.  Leave a message. BEEP!  He rests the telephone on his chest, letting the tape roll a moment before he speaks.
89) 13) text: Fuck, why can't I ever say what I really mean?  I lied to you.  I'm an asshole... but I need you, Tyler.  I want you to know that I've never known anyone like you before in my life... and I... I hope you change your mind... He cradles the receiver, looks out the window.  Black of night.  Dead still.
109) 3) dialog: John, they're here. Utah downs the drink and slides off his stool.  He has a pronounced limps as he crosses to Tyler at the door. They exit into daylight under an old wooden sign which reads: LIGHTHOUSE PUB - BELL'S BEACH, AUSTRALIA
110) 0) text: UTAH and TYLER walk out onto the roadway as several Australian Police cars converge on them.  A dozen uniformed OFFICERS step out.  The ranking officer, a fortyish LIEUTENANT, walks up to Utah.