46) 3) dialog: This the guy?
46) 9) dialog: We're just going to fuck you up.
46) 16) text: You alright Warchild?
46) 17) dialog: (holding his bleeding nose)
46) 26) text: Do me a favor, Johnny, just keep walking. Tone starts to go after them.  Archbold grabs his arm. They help Bunker up.  Warchild holds he bleeding nose. Utah and Bodhi start up the stairs, turn a corner and run HEAD-ON into a huffing PAPPAS. The big man clocks a battered but intact Utah. We see him shift gears in his head in 2 tenths of a second.
51) 0) text: TELEPHOTO VIEW of house. Bunker and Archbold have partially disassembled the engin of a Kawasaki 1100 parked in the living room.  They are drinking beer and arguing about the carburetors, lit by the blue glow of the TV.  Warchild is watching a living- dead movie on tape. He replays the gory parts.  Not a happening night at the Razorheads. REVERSE, as binoculars are lowered, revealing Cole. WIDER, to show the dynamic team of Cole and Munoz glowering in a plain sedan, Utah leaning in the side window.
65) 0) text: Utah sucks up against the wall as Warchild looks furtivel out the window.  We see them both, but Warchild doesn't see Johnny, plastered right below him. Johnny closes his eyes and grits his teeth.  Shiiiiittt! PAPPAS, AT THE FRONT DOOR, is bobbing his head, trying to look inside.
66) 0) text: Warchild slams into the wall next to Bunker.
66) 1) dialog: There's two guys by the back door. Ducked down.
68) 4) dialog: Move it, man.  Let's get the fuck out of here! Off-guard, Tone is SLAMMED BY THE DOOR as Munoz drives into it with his shoulder. Pounded between the door and wall, Tone is wired so tight he pulls the trigger and blows a hole through his own right foot. He screams and drops to the floor. Munoz sandwiches him with the door and draws down on Warchild, who dives into a doorway. Cole drives past Munoz, who has Tone pinned, and pounds down the corridor. Cole reaches the doorway and goes for the shot on Warchild. "Freight-train" appears behind him from another door. She raises a pair of scissors and drives them into his back up to the hilt. Pulls them out, going for another stab, when-- Pappas spins her around and slams her face-first into the wall. UTAH, in the bedroom, sees Warchild blur across his field of vision. On pure instinct, he kicks into overdrive.  Johnny leaps the bed and goes ballistic.  His flying tackle catches Warchild at the window.
69) 0) text: The window EXPLODES OUTWARD in a spray of sunlit glass. Utah and Warchild crash to the ground. The razorhead, with 50 pounds on Johnny, rises like a bull. Bleeding from superficial lacerations, Warchild plows through the hedge. Johnny dives after him. The Polyester Neighbor stands paralyzed as the two crazed figures careen toward him.  He is knocked flying, and the ROARING LAWNMOWER is flipped onto its side. Utah and Warchild are locked together. The shotgun lies nearby, out of play. Warchild jerks a 6 INCH KNIFE free from its sheath, hanging from a thong around his neck.  He trusts straight at Johnny's throat. Johnny deflects the thrust -- INTO THE WHIRLING LAWNMOWER KA-WHANGGG!!!  The knife is hammered out of Warchild's hand. Whistles away, spinning. Warchild grabs Johnny as they scramble, and heaves him bodily toward the spinning blade.  Utah catches the rim o the mower with both hands, stopping himself inches from the rotor. Warchild puts all his weight on Johnny. Pushing him face-first toward the blades. Johnny feels the wind on his face. The engine is roaring, full throttle. PAPPAS APPEARS BEHIND THEM. He aims the .38.  FIRES TWICE. The little Briggs &amp; Stratton dies young, its casing shattered. The rotor spins to a stop. Warchild looks up into the black eye of Pappas' gun. Two inched from his face.
71) 0) text: TIGHT ON WARCHILD manacled to the chair screaming his hea off.  We cannot hear him through the glass.  It looks lik pantomime. UTAH and PAPPAS watch through the one way observation window. THWAAAAAP!!  The two taped packets slam the wall inches from Utah's right ear.  Johnny snaps his head around. Stares into the face of DIETZ who looks like Warchild's meaner brother. And he's pissed as hell...
71) 4) text: -- I get dickwad in there wantin' to play wheel of fortune so I can find out their supplier! HARP emerges from the interrogation room, we hear a slive of Warchild's battle cry.  He spies Utah.