57) 3) dialog: Please...
57) 4) text: LAMA SU indicates a chair. OBI-WAN sits. TAUN WE hovers.
57) 5) dialog: I trust you are going to enjoy your stay. We are most happy you have arrived at the best part of the season.
57) 7) dialog: And now to business. You will be delighted to hear we are on schedule. Two hundred thousand units are ready, with another million well on the way.
57) 9) dialog: Please tell your Master Sido-Dyas that we have every confidence his order will be met on time and in full. He is well, I hope?
57) 11) dialog: Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas. He's still a leading member of the Jedi Council, is he not?
57) 13) dialog: (rising) You must be anxious to inspect the units for yourself.
59) 0) text: OBI-WAN, LAMA SU and TAUN WE come out onto a balcony. Bel
59) 1) dialog: (beaming) Magnificent, aren't they?
60) 0) text: LAMA SU conducts OBI-WAN through a large eating area. TAU
60) 1) dialog: We modified their genetic structure to make them less independent than the original host. As a result they are totally obedient, taking any order without question.
60) 3) dialog: A bounty hunter called Jango Fett. We felt a Jedi would be the perfect choice, but Sido-Dyas hand- picked Jango Fett himself.
60) 5) dialog: Oh, we keep him here. After a few hundred thousand clones, the genetic pattern starts to fade, so we take a fresh supply. He lives here, but he's free to come and go as he pleases.
61) 1) dialog: Apart from his pay, which is considerable, Fett demanded only one thing - an unaltered clone for himself. Curious isn't it?
61) 3) dialog: Pure genetic replication. No tampering with the structure to make it more docile... and no growth acceleration...
62) 2) dialog: Oh yes, it's essential. Otherwise, a mature clone would take a lifetime to grow. Now, we can do it in half the time. Those items you saw on the parade ground were started ten years ago, when Sido-dyas first placed the order, and they're already mature...
62) 5) dialog: About five years ago.
63) 1) dialog: They're immensely superior to droids, capable of independent thought and action.
63) 3) dialog: I'd hoped you would be pleased. 
63) 6) dialog: Himself? Of course not. This army is for the Republic?
63) 8) dialog: We are also very much agasint this Count Dooku and his seccessionist movement. We are proud to be of help to the Republic.
79) 0) text: OBI-WAN stands with LAMA SU and TAUN WE just inside the o
79) 1) dialog: Tell your Council the first battalions are ready. And remind them that if they need more troops, we will need time to grow them.