43) 4) dialog: Hello there, I hear we're all woken up.
43) 7) dialog: Hi there, Jack. I'm Dr. Mittal. You were asleep when I cam in this morning. Jack won't make eye contact.
43) 8) dialog: You must be hungry? No answer. Dr. Mittal moves the breakfast trolley in fron Ma and Jack. Ma removes the plastic domed lids and foil. stares at the strange food. He runs his finger around the BLUE RIM OF HIS PLATE and looks at it to see if the color come off. Ma eats.
43) 9) dialog: So, I have some things for you both. He hands 2 pairs of sunglasses to Ma.
43) 10) dialog: You may find it more comfortable to wear these if you go outside. Some sunscreen. Holding up a surgical mask.
43) 11) dialog: For Jack.
43) 14) text: Is that really necessary? DR. MITTAL
43) 22) dialog: Have you thought any more about what we discussed this morning?
43) 24) dialog: You know my view. After what you've experienced, and to assess Jack properly. And just to soften the transition -
43) 27) dialog: I understand, but even at a cognitive-sensory level - depth perception, auditory processing ...
43) 29) dialog: The most important thing you did was to get him out while he's still plastic.
43) 34) dialog: What's that, Jack.
43) 36) dialog: I can't argue with that, Jack. Real and very brave.
43) 40) dialog: We can talk about this again later. It sounds like you have more important things to do right now. The door opens and Nancy enters (we met her briefly in th emergency room) carrying an overnight bag. She is followe a man in his sixties, rumpled from travel. This is ROBERT Ma's father.
49) 1) dialog: You have your schedule of appointments, and your medications. Please completely finish the course of antibiotics.
49) 3) dialog: You have my number.
49) 5) dialog: If you need anything, if you just want to talk, you use it, alright? Ma nods. They pause at the doors until they're beckoned by FBI age
85) 0) text: Jack sits with Dr. Mittal. After a little while, Nancy co in.
85) 2) dialog: OK. Let her rest. I'll see you again next week, Jack. Mittal and Nancy leave. Jack hears them talking quietly i the hall. Nancy describing Ma's behavior, sharing her worries.