0) 0) text: Darkness. The faint background hum of a refrigerator. A l clicks on, briefly, then snaps off again. Then on again, for a little longer. We wake groggily with JACK (five), blinking up at MA (26) She's standing in a worn t-shirt and underwear beside a l switching it on and off at apparently random intervals. S cranes up at the recessed skylight, Room's only window. The irregular flashes of lamp-light reveal glimpses of th little world lined with cork: ten foot a side, seven foot high, gabled ceiling rising to ten foot. Clusters of Jack's and Ma's vivid drawings are pinned all over the walls, quivering in the draft from the vents. Do with five crayons (red, yellow, blue, orange, green) and pencil on toilet tissue, lined pages or cardboard, they s dogs, trees, aliens, rocket ships, figures labelled 'Jack 'Ma'. Delicate mobiles (uncooked spaghetti, threads, plastics, foil, down from pillows, cloth scraps) dangle. A wardrobe with slatted louver doors. On top, toys crafte from garbage, a Labyrinth from toilet-roll insides. A dresser with a TV. A homemade pack of cards, papier mГў checkers and chess. A Fort constructed from vitamin and o bottles and cans. A single meagre African violet in a pot the TV. A round dining table, two fold-up chairs side by side. A bath with a single small towel over the side. A toilet, with a flotilla of homemade toy boats floating the tank which is oddly missing a lid. A sink, with a single worn toothbrush, toothpaste, dish s a broken comb, folded rags for washcloths. A small square mirror tile hung up over it. A small kitchen cabinet. A dish rack: two each of big and small white plates, bowls, tumblers, knives, forks, spoon (one with a melted handle), a scissors, can opener, serra knife, wooden spoon, spatula. A basic stove (with more folded rags on its handle, for p holders), one frying pan and one saucepan. A small refrigerator (more toys on top), a tiny trash.
1) 0) text: Faint light. Jack and Ma sleep face to face in a double b under a thin quilt. Pale skin, long hair, wearing t-shirt
1) 1) dialog: You cried all day and left TV on till you were a zombie. But then I zoomed down from heaven through Skylight into Room - (makes noise of descent, then crash landing)
1) 2) text: and I was kicking you from the inside, boom boom, and then I shot out onto Rug with my eyes wide open, and you cutted the cord and said "Hello Jack." Jack wakes.
1) 3) dialog: Ma. I'm five!
2) 0) text: A little later, Ma, at the kitchen counter, measures out small bowls of cereal. Jack moves round Room touching things: Rug's rusty bloods from his birth; the scarred Table; chairs; faucets, etc.
2) 1) dialog: Morning lamp, Morning rug, Morning wardrobe .. (he looks under the bed)
2) 9) text: Mind over matter. He taps his head too as he chants the slogan. JACK
2) 11) text: Guess what we're going to make later. JACK
2) 13) text: A cake. JACK
3) 0) text: A little later, Ma is brushing Jack's teeth (with their single, frayed brush) zealously. He spits with vigor. A little later, Ma and Jack are looking a two small piles clothes. MA
3) 1) text: Come on slow poke. JACK
3) 7) text: Good choice! A little later. Ma scrubs the floor with an old cloth dia while Jack watches TV. Both in t-shirt and jeans (Jack's worn-out knees), but shoeless. DORA THE EXPLORER
3) 9) text: Off, please. JACK
3) 11) text: Too much TV will turn us into zombies ... Anyway, it's time to mark how tall you are. This makes him switch the TV off fast and run to the door Ma marks his height with a tiny 5 in black pen on the cor Jack ducks and uses his fingers to measure the gap. Frown JACK
3) 13) text: Oh, that's pretty normal. JACK
3) 15) text: Everything's hunky-dory. JACK
3) 20) text: Sorry, I already asked for jeans for you for Sunday Treat. He swallows his disappointment. JACK
3) 22) text: You'll be as strong as Samson soon. JACK (holding up his long hair)
3) 26) text: Good word sandwich. He starts leaping around the room, moving gracefully betw all the familiar obstacles. JACK
3) 27) text: I'm going to be Jack the Giant Giant-Killer and burst out of Skylight into Space with my dog Lucky and boing boing boing between all the planets...
5) 0) text: Later, the furniture is back in place. Jack picks Dylan t Digger from his stack, which includes Pop-Up Airport, My Book of Nursery Rhymes, The Runaway Bunny, Alice in Wonderland. (He ignores the adult books - The Da Vinci Co Twilight, The Guardian, Bittersweet Love, The Shack.) Ma can't hide her revulsion at Dylan the Digger again. MA
5) 1) text: Come on, you can read Dylan yourself. JACK
5) 2) text: I can read them all but I like when you do. Ma recites animatedly. Jack turns the board pages, not noticing that Ma's eyes are shut as she reads from memory MA
6) 0) text: Later, Jack blows the second of two small eggs, keeping t shell intact. Beating butter and sugar, Ma keeps up their Rhyme game. MA
6) 1) text: Our friend Table... just isn't able. Jack pours the eggs into her bowl of butter and sugar. JACK
6) 3) text: Our friend Knife runs for his life. She winces in pain, and shakes out her right wrist. Jack notices and takes over, beating the batter for her.
7) 1) text: Abracadabra! JACK
7) 2) text: Now the candles. Reading her face, his crumples. JACK (CONT'D)
7) 4) text: Jack - JACK
7) 6) text: Sorry. I have to ask for stuff we really need that he can get easily. JACK
8) 0) text: Later. Steam makes Room mysterious. Jack lies on Ma in th bath, both with bubble moustaches. End of the Selkie stor
8) 2) dialog: Ha ha.
8) 5) dialog: Does he drown?
8) 7) dialog: Laundry Time. With relish, he plunges them under the water.
9) 0) text: Laundry is hung up to dry everywhere. Ma and Jack are in their sleep t-shirts and underwear. She sits breastfeedin him and telling him a story.
10) 0) text: A little later Jack watches as Ma places blankets and a pillow on the floor of the wardrobe.
10) 1) dialog: Can we have more birthday cake?
10) 3) dialog: Just a bite.
10) 5) dialog: One more story? She checks her watch nervously: getting close to nine.
11) 0) text: A little later. Dim light comes through the slats. Jack l stroking the dangling clothes, the pictures glued to the wardrobe. He freezes at the sound of the beeps that mean outside door is about to open. He lies absolutely still, listening for Old Nick's entran He savors the scent of fresh air, but shivers: winter. Boom: now the door's shut again.
11) 13) dialog: (too low to be heard)
11) 14) text: Five. Sounds of the adults getting into bed. The lamp clicking Then the familiar creaks of the bed. Jack doesn't know wh they mean but is troubled. He counts them under his breat
11) 17) dialog: One, two, three, four...
11) 18) dialog: There's Room, then Outer Space, then Heaven. Plant is real but not trees. Spiders are real and one time the mosquito that was sucking my blood. But squirrels and dogs are just TV, except Lucky my dog that might be some day. Mountains are too big to be real and the sea. In the dark of the wardrobe, Jack is still counting.
11) 19) dialog: One twenty-eight, one twenty- nine...
11) 20) dialog: TV persons are flat and made of colors with red mouths and clothes instead of skin but me and you are real. Old Nick I don't know if he's real, maybe half? Green beans are real and chocolate but not ice cream. The bedsprings are speeding up.
11) 21) dialog: Three hundred six, seven, eight - A primal grunt from Old Nick. The creaking is done. Jack asleep at the bottom of the wardrobe. Old Nick goes over to the TV and switches on sports.
12) 0) text: Next morning. Jack watches a nature programme on TV: time lapse photography of one glorious tree.
12) 5) text: Cheap piece of ... Jack looks at the sad African violet on the bedside table
12) 6) dialog: Why Plant doesn't make flowers anymore?
13) 0) text: Jack, on the bed: he squirms, twists, bounces with intens boyish energy. Beside the bed now, he runs on the spot at maximum speed. the background we see Ma cooking.
14) 0) text: Later the same day. Ma is napping. Jack is playing on the floor. Counting things. Tracing the patterns of rug with finger. What was that? He stares at the floor by the stove; glimp something. Jack tiptoes over, but the moving thing is gone. He looks furtively at Ma then takes out the cake. He crumbles some sets the plate on the floor. He squats and waits. A mouse puts its nose out, sniffs and takes a crumb. Something smashes into the stove: one of Ma's heavy books Jack cries out in shock and distress.
14) 1) dialog: You made him gone! Ma starts to sweep up the crumbs.
14) 2) dialog: He was an alive thing, he was real!
14) 4) dialog: Mouse can have my food, I'm not hungry.
14) 8) dialog: Mouse is my friend and you splatted him dead.
14) 10) dialog: Are you just tricking me?
14) 12) dialog: What backyard? Ma, realizing her slip, tidies up instead of answering.
14) 13) dialog: Mouse lives in a yard in TV? Ma holds up the aluminum foil to distract him.
14) 15) dialog: Why you didn't tell Old Nick it was my birthday?
14) 17) dialog: He said he'd brung me a present.
14) 19) dialog: I never had a present.
14) 21) dialog: It might be Lucky my dog.
14) 26) dialog: Lucky won't scratch, he promises.
14) 28) dialog: Yeah there is.
15) 0) text: That evening. Jack sits in Ma's lap, watching a TALK-SHOW hostess interview a one-armed war veteran. Ma is threadin eggshells onto a string, hundreds of shells long. Jack ge supports the unraveled part. Ma lets out a big yawn and discreetly rubs her aching jaw
15) 2) dialog: Ma. Where are we when we're asleep?
15) 4) dialog: But dreams. Do we go into TV for dreaming?
15) 8) dialog: I want some. They put down Eggsnake and Ma turns to him so he can breastfeed.
16) 0) text: Ma lies on the bed. Jack is nowhere to be seen. Eventuall his voice comes from the wardrobe.
16) 1) dialog: Ma! I think Old Nick lives in TV, like Mouse. That's where he goes when he's not here in Room.
17) 0) text: The third morning. Jack wakes up in the bed, where Ma alw carries him once Old Nick has gone. Ma is up already, sitting at the table, staring at a shin red truck and remote in a hard pack. The snake is in Eden Jack can hardly believe what's in front of him. He looks it for a while.
17) 2) dialog: (pulling it away from her)
17) 3) text: I can do it. Later, Jack is playing with his new toy. Ma watches him uneasily. We hear a faint echo of screaming ... CHAPTER TITLE: UNLYING The screaming get's louder. Later, Ma is standing on a chair screaming and howling at Skylight. Jack stands in the bath screaming into the smal air vent above the shelf. He holds his truck up to the ve so it can join in. Then they hush and listen.
17) 4) dialog: Why the aliens never scream back?
17) 6) dialog: Tomorrow we'll do even louderer. Later, Ma, preoccupied, trims mold off cheese she slices thin and lays on brown bread. Puts it in the toaster oven Jack zigzags his truck around chair and table legs. Ma ch to see if the frozen peas are boiling yet. Jack drives th truck at the door: clang.
17) 10) dialog: What smells bad? Ma belatedly realizes the grilled cheese is smoking. She burns her hand slightly on the oven, wrenching it ope
18) 0) text: That evening. Jack, in the wardrobe, is meant to be aslee but he's still playing with his truck. The door beeps; he kneels up for a glimpse as it booms sh
19) 0) text: A little later, everything is quiet.   Moonlight. Jack, asleep in a crooked position, wakes with a jump. He sits up and rubs his neck. Finds his truck. He opens the and peeks out. Where's the candy?
20) 0) text: Stepping out, holding his truck for moral support, Jack stumbles into something and gasps. He picks it up: a thic leather belt, like a cobra.
21) 0) text: Jack clutches his head, curled up in the corner of the wardrobe, because it hurts, and to shut out Ma's screechi
22) 1) dialog: Sorry I - sorry - sorry - He sobs and hyperventilates by the side of the bed.
22) 2) dialog: Sorry I came out of Wardrobe. Ma takes him into bed with her.
23) 0) text: Shot of ice-crystals on the skylight. Silence: no refrigerator hum. Jack wakes first, shivering, though he doesn't know why. is astonished by purple bruises around Ma's throat. As if feels his gaze, Ma wakes and musters a smile. Jack notice the white clouds of their breath in the air.
23) 1) dialog: Ma, we're dragons. Ma sits up. Registers the chill. Getting out of bed, she turns on the lamp: no light. Jack is crushed to finds his Jeep, one wheel snapped off. Ma opens the refrigerator: dark inside. She's appalled.
24) 0) text: Jack is at the table reading to his injured truck from AL Both are dressed in all their clothes in an effort to kee warm.
24) 1) dialog: For, you see, so many out-of-the- way things had happened lat-ely -
24) 3) dialog: - lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really impossible. Ma comes to the table and doles out half-thawed green bea
24) 5) dialog: No thanks.
24) 7) dialog: When's Old Nick going to put the power back?
24) 9) dialog: When's soon?
24) 13) dialog: I hope he never comes back not ever.
24) 15) dialog: No Sunday Treat?
24) 18) dialog: My friend Mouse?
24) 21) dialog: What other side?
24) 23) dialog: Not an octagon.
24) 27) dialog: An octagon has eight. Ma holds up her hand flat.
24) 29) dialog: In Outer Space?
24) 31) dialog: I don't see any outside side.
24) 33) dialog: Grass is just TV.
24) 35) dialog: You can't smell TV.
24) 40) dialog: From TV by magic.
24) 42) dialog: Dora's real for real?
24) 44) dialog: No way. Where would they all fit?
24) 46) dialog: Can I have a sandwich? Controlling her exasperation, Ma gets out a half slice of bread and adds a rationed scraping of peanut butter. She down his food and he comes to the table to eat it.
24) 50) dialog: Where?
24) 52) dialog: Dumbo Ma. That's not a leaf. Leaves are green.
24) 54) dialog: (interrupting)
24) 57) dialog: You're just tricking me.
24) 59) dialog: Liar liar pants on fire!
24) 66) dialog: I want to be four again. They face each other, standing with the table between the Ma musters the energy to try again, telling him her own s this time. She picks up Jack's copy of ALICE IN WONDERLAN
24) 68) dialog: She fell down down down the hole.
24) 71) dialog: Nah!
24) 74) dialog: What house?
24) 78) dialog: A TV house?
24) 81) dialog: Where was I?
24) 83) dialog: What guy?
24) 85) dialog: What's the dog's name?
24) 87) dialog: I want a different story.
24) 89) dialog: Where?
24) 93) dialog: This story's boring. Beat.
24) 95) dialog: Room's not stinky.   Only when you do a fart. Ma sit's down. She doesn't look at Jack.
24) 98) dialog: I don't believe in your stinky world.
24) 100) text: Fine. That's fine Jack. Another long miserable pause. Jack, angry and upset, watc her for a while then sits down on the floor and takes out toys from under the TV. He plays quietly. Ma looks up at the skylight. As she watches a gust of win blow the leaf away. LATER - dusk Ma and Jack are in bed, under the duvet in their clothes, shuddering with cold. Jack tries the lamp. Nothing. He fi the dents in the shade then lies back down. A terrible flatness in the air. Ma is turned away from Jack. She has been crying.
25) 0) text: Next morning, a sunny day. Jack wakes up beside Ma.
25) 1) dialog: It's warm again. But she pulls the pillow over her head. He knows it's one of her rare catatonic Gone days.
25) 5) dialog: Eggsnake's our longest friend and fanciest. Meltedy Spoon's the best to eat with because he's more blobbier. Labyrinth is the twistiest and she hides things so I don't know where. Toilet's the best at disappearing poo. Lamp's the brightest except when the powercut. (glances at Ma)
25) 6) text: You're the best at reading and songs and lots except if you're having a Gone Day. I'm the best at drawing and jumping and growing and nearly everything. He examines the truck's broken axle. Yanks on another whe until it snaps off. Then the last two. He twists the door off. Stuffs the truck, its parts and remote in the trash. Later, light fading. Jack lies beside Ma, longing to breastfeed. Lifts the edge of her t-shirt, but doesn't da He sits up, rests his hand on the bump of Ma's foot.
26) 0) text: Next day. Ma (apparently normal again) and Jack finish th cereal.
26) 5) dialog: Bad Tooth? Can I have it?
27) 0) text: A little later. Jack is watching wildlife while Ma cleans from breakfast: baby turtles emerging from shells and hea down the beach. Tying up the trash bag, she finds the truck, and realizes that Jack has destroyed it because it came from Old Nick.
27) 1) dialog: Are turtles real? Ma's head shoots up: this is the first sign that he's starting to believe her about the world.
27) 4) dialog: Crocodiles and sharks -
27) 13) dialog: Real?
27) 15) dialog: Just TV?
27) 17) dialog: When Old Nick comes back, I'm going to kick him in the butt. This suddenly punctures her mood.
27) 23) dialog: We could wait till he's asleep and kill him dead.
27) 25) dialog: The Grandma and the Grandpa could come.
27) 29) dialog: Can I have more TV?
28) 0) text: A little later, Water boils in a pot on the stove. Jack l on the bed.
28) 2) dialog: You can tell it.
28) 6) dialog: You can give them.
28) 8) dialog: No. No.
28) 10) dialog: With you!
28) 16) dialog: Maybe next year when I'm six. Ma's face falls. Then hardens.
28) 23) dialog: Tomorrow.
29) 0) text: Later. Jack is back on the bed, his face red. Ma holds a cloth wrung out with hot water over his forehead.
29) 1) dialog: Ow!
29) 7) dialog: What are you doing? Ma manges to vomit a little. She rubs it on the pillow beside Jack, which horrifies hi
29) 12) dialog: I'm scared. Ma strokes his face.
30) 0) text: Jack sleeps sweetly and peacefully in Ma's arms in bed. She stares into the dark.
31) 0) text: Next morning, Jack is eating his cereal cheerfully. Ma, hollow-eyed, hasn't touched hers.
31) 6) dialog: (with relief)
31) 8) dialog: Is it time for Track? Ma starts hauling up the rug, testing how it bends.
31) 10) dialog: I don't want to be dead.
31) 15) text: He's going to carry you outside, all rolled up in Rug, and he'll put you in the back of his pick-up and drive somewhere to bury you - JACK (OVERLAPPING)
31) 17) text: It's OK. You'll wriggle free and jump out of the truck. You'll - JACK (OVERLAPPING)
31) 19) text: Come on, Jack, let's try rolling you up. JACK
31) 21) text: Please Jack, try just for a minute. JACK
31) 28) dialog: Yeah.
31) 33) dialog: I can't.   I'm stuck. He bursts into loud tears.
31) 42) dialog: I can't.
31) 46) dialog: Get me out.
31) 48) dialog: Out!
31) 54) dialog: I hate you. The first time he's ever said it: they're both shocked.
32) 0) text: Later. Jack's lying half rolled in the rug. He's been wai for hours. Ma crouches beside him drilling him in the pla
32) 1) dialog: Truck, wriggle out, Jump, Run -
32) 4) dialog: Somebody, Run -
32) 9) dialog: Who is Somebody?
32) 11) dialog: An actual real person. Ma nods, worried by his lingering confusion.
32) 12) dialog: What if Old Nick unwraps me?
32) 15) dialog: It's in here so I don't lose it. Beat
32) 17) dialog: What?
32) 21) dialog: And you. We see that Ma doesn't believe she'll get out, but she no Bends over and hides her face by putting it against his.
32) 22) dialog: Sing. Ma kneels back up into position.
33) 0) text: We're with Jack; glimpses of twilight sky, shrubs, hedge through the end of the carpet. A terrible pause as Old Nick contemplates the back yard. walks on. Jack is heaved face-down into the flatbed of an pick-up. A pause - Jack senses a light going on nearby. Then the c of a shovel being dropped onto the bed of truck beside th rug. Old Nick's footsteps, heading for the driver's seat. Soun the truck rumbling to life.
34) 0) text: Sound and shaking: the truck roars along too fast. We're with Jack, stunned, face-down in the darkness.
34) 19) text: I've got your plates, mister! K93 - Old Nick drops Jack in the street and breaks into a run.
35) 0) text: A patrol car pulls up at the scene. Doug leaves the still curled up Jack and hurries to the car to talk to the emer OFFICER GRABOWSKI. Jack, shuddering with cold notices Carrie staring at him. He feels his lip, touches the blood, looks at it, tastes. Then sees an oval on the ground. He picks it up: a leaf. OFFICER PARKER, a female officer, hunkers down beside him
35) 4) dialog: Jack.
35) 6) dialog: Jack. She leans in to hear him better. Jack flinches away. Officer Grabowski comes closer now, on his walkie-talkie.
35) 16) dialog: (nonplussed)
35) 22) dialog: Ten fingers. He spreads his two hands. He still can't meet her eye but he's desperately trying to communicate.
35) 24) dialog: I'm five. He spreads one hand, in case she doesn't get it.
35) 28) dialog: In Wardrobe.
35) 31) dialog: Ma.
35) 33) dialog: She used to be Joy.
35) 38) dialog: Room.
35) 40) dialog: Not on any map. Officer Parker's questions come faster as her concern gro
35) 42) dialog: Old Nick.
35) 44) dialog: (louder)
35) 47) dialog: I bit me by accident. And the, the, the - He pats the ground to remember the word.
35) 48) dialog: The hard of the street. I jumped and smasheded my knee.
35) 52) dialog: A bit of Ma. Both officers peer at Bad Tooth, and exchange a dark look
36) 0) text: Inside the moving police car. Jack's head jerks as he tri to make sense of the passing images. He flinches as a car passes in the other direction. Bewildering signs: YIELD, HIDDEN DRIVEWAY.
36) 2) dialog: Everything.
36) 6) dialog: Space. (corrects himself) The world.
36) 10) text: Jack shakes his head anxiously.
36) 12) dialog: We don't know to open the door.
36) 15) text: Jack nods.
36) 17) dialog: Zero.
36) 22) dialog: Through Skylight.
36) 26) dialog: Room's not a house.
36) 29) dialog: It's a...
36) 31) dialog: It's a...
36) 35) dialog: (overlapping)
36) 38) dialog: He putted me - I wasn't meant to be alive.
36) 42) dialog: Ma said in my head. He taps it.
36) 44) dialog: Jump when it Slows Down. But I couldn't, I was all... He's remembering being trapped in the rug.
36) 46) dialog: The third time, I got banged.
36) 48) dialog: The third slow, everything went sideways - (mimes being flung across flatbed)
37) 0) text: Minutes later. Outside an unlit house, with a Police van a back-up, unmarked car parked facing the other way. A pl clothes OFFICER is knocking on the front door of the hous Jack watches through the car window as Officer Parker consults with an OLDER WHITE MALE OFFICER, also plain clothes. Parker and the older officer start to poke aroun the side of the house, disappearing for a moment before running back. Officer Parker takes what looks like a crow from the trunk of the car. She draws her weapon. Grabowsk moves to leave the car.
37) 3) text: You OK, kid? We hear shouting, a crack of splitting wood. Jack starts clawing at the car door, can't find the handle.
38) 0) text: A little later. Jack and Ma, in blankets, hold each other the police cruiser moves through the night. Jack does a huge yawn, utterly exhausted now the adrenali gone.
38) 1) dialog: Can we go to Bed now?
38) 3) dialog: No, but Bed. In Room.
39) 0) text: Still in Ma's arms, Jack half wakes to find himself carri through a hospital emergency room. They are being bustled along by Officers Parker and Grabowski, A FEMALE PLAIN CLOTHES DETECTIVE, a DOCTOR, a NURSE and a HOSPITAL SECUR GUARD. A woman in her 50s, is beside them, her arm around This is NANCY, Ma's mother. It's like a strange dream to Jack. Through the group around him he can make out other figures waiting in chairs. He can hear a drunk shouting, phones ringing.
39) 1) dialog: Ma. Ma shushes him, stroking his hair. He drifts back to slee
40) 0) text: Next morning. A bright hospital room. Jack and Ma share t fancy hospital bed. A cot bed, unused, has been set up to side. Jack is awake but content to lie close to Ma for a while - studying the dials and switches on the wall above head. He looks at Ma, asleep, bruises fading to yellow-gr He sits up and pulls back the sheet. He's wearing only a of underpants from Room which look particularly wretched this new antiseptic environment. He touches the part of t mattress he's being lying on. It's damp. He examines a bandage on his knee. He gets up. On a side table, he sees plate with the remains of some toast on it and a half dru cup of tea. He sniffs at the food. There are two surgical masks there, also. He walks slowly to the opposite wall, little figure silhouetted against the translucent blinds. stops in front of the one window which has its blind draw The hospital suite is high up and the view is spectacular
40) 5) dialog: Ma. Ma. She begins to wake.
40) 7) dialog: Is this another planet?
40) 9) text: A bedroom in a hospital. Jack thinks about this.
40) 10) dialog: Are we sick for real or pretend?
40) 12) dialog: How long are we staying?
40) 14) dialog: And Grandpa.
40) 24) dialog: What's that?
41) 0) text: Ma and Jack come into the bathroom. Ma throws Jack's underpants in the trash.
41) 1) dialog: That's waste.
41) 3) dialog: For Sunday Treat?
41) 7) dialog: Where's the bath.
41) 12) dialog: Ma, will he find us.
42) 0) text: Ma and Jack are in the shower. Jack is pressed to the doo as far away as possible from the powerful jet of water.
42) 1) dialog: Bath before Bed. She can't hear him over the noise of the water.
42) 3) dialog: Bath before Bed, that's the rule.
42) 5) dialog: Are you hurting? Ma laughs. Jack edges into the water and she washes him w a hand towel.
43) 0) text: Both in robes with wet hair. While Ma looks out the windo Jack noses around the room taking in the strange experien of an unknown space. He opens a drawer, then another. Emp A very light tap at the door which only Jack hears.
43) 3) dialog: The door's ticking. The door opens a little. Ma jumps. Jack hides behind his mother as a man's head - wearing a surgical mask - appear around the door.
43) 21) text: Try it, it's delicioso. Jack's not convinced.
43) 26) text: Nothing happened to Jack.
43) 32) dialog: (whispers to Ma)
44) 0) text: Hospital roof garden. Jack sticks close to Ma. She is dre in track-suit bottoms and her old warm winter coat. Jack pajamas under his robe and a warm coat which doesn't quit fit. Ma has a pair of her old boots on, Jack has trainers They wear tinted glasses against the brightness of the da Jack is a strange sight, the part of his face not covered his mask (the others are unmasked) or woollen hat is smea in heavy sun screen. They sit with Robert and Nancy. Nanc smokes a slim cigarette. Jack watches her cigarette for a while, then his attention is snagged by a nurse pushing a old woman in a wheelchair. He is also fascinated by the s reflected in the mirrored glass of the building. Ma runs her hand along her coat.
44) 2) text: I kept everything. Jack is finding his shoes - the first he's ever worn - irritating. He starts to take them off.
44) 5) text: Leave them, Jack, you'll get used to them. Pause.
44) 19) text: Jack doesn't understand any of this but hates the tension
44) 48) text: What, Jack? But he won't say it loud and she has to lean down to him.
44) 49) dialog: It's too big here.
44) 51) dialog: I want some. He starts to burrow under her coat. Robert is horrified.
45) 0) text: Ma and Jack, still masked, walk through the hospital corr accompanied by A NURSE and a POLICE GUARD. Jack is fascin as they pass a nurses station, a man rolling a drip on a stand, the door to a day room where several patients sit playing cards, reading.
46) 0) text: Jack lies on the bed listening to music on headphones. In background Ma talks to two DETECTIVES. They show her imag on a laptop which is turned away from Jack.
47) 0) text: Jack being weighed and measured.
48) 0) text: Later. Quiet at last. Ma and Jack alone, shoes and masks Out of the big window as the last of the sun fades. Ma picks at something plain from their dinner tray, while Jack breastfeeds. In the background the TV news.
49) 0) text: Ma, Jack (masked, with sunglasses on), Nancy and Robert m towards the doors of the hospital where the Resident FBI agent waits for them. Robert is carrying the small bag th contains all of Ma and Jack's possessions. Ma puts her sunglasses on as they go through the doors.
50) 0) text: POLICE and HOSPITAL SECURITY are outside along with FBI agents, a VICTIM LIASON person and Ma's LAWYER. As Jack again takes in the scale of the outside world the adults get caught in the logistics of who goes in which c who will take Ma's bag, what will happen at the other end the journey. Jack observes the little clusters of people their overlapping voices raised in clarification, reassurance... Ma and Jack are led to one of the waiting cars. Jack bump his head getting in. We watch the convoy pulling away from the hospital and ou into the world.
51) 0) text: A little later. Driving through a better, neater neighborhood than Old Nick's. Jack grips Ma's hand, watches the world pass.
51) 1) dialog: I've been in the world nineteen hours. I've seen pancakes and stairs and a cat and windows and hundreds of cars and birds and police and doctors and Grandma and Grandpa, and persons with different faces and bigness and smells talking all at the same time. The world's like all TV planets on at the same time so I don't know which what to look and listen. Doors and doors and behind all the door there's another inside and another outside and things happen-happen- happening, it never stops. Plus the world's always changing brightness and hotness and there's invisible germs floating everywhere. When I was small I only knew small things but now I'm five I know everything.
52) 6) dialog: Steady - go. They climb out, heads down, shielded by FBI agents. Jack stumbles, almost falls. Now they're outside they can hear news helicopter overhead: it sounds like a war zone. Nanc joins them, taking Jack's hand, and they rush for the fro door.
53) 19) dialog: (whispers)
53) 24) dialog: What people?
53) 26) dialog: Where's ice cream in the hammock?
53) 30) text: I guess it must be in the basement. Jack looking at his feet, sees a small dog toy on the flo He presses it with his foot. It squeaks, giving him a fri Nancy and Leo come in with loaded trays - juice, water cookies, cake.
54) 0) text: Reaching the top of the stairs, they walk the quiet, carp hallway. Jack takes it all in.
55) 0) text: Ma and Jack enter Ma's room. They absorb the decor of Ma' adolescence - preserved by her mother.
55) 11) dialog: How long do we have to stay here? She takes out her bag of meds.
55) 13) text: We live here now. She swallows her antibiotics and painkillers without wate She lies down. We stay on Jack's face as he continues to in his surroundings and digest what Ma has said. After a little while he lies beside her and lifts her shirt so he snuggle up and breastfeed. We repeat a sequence of shots from life before their esca ending in a mother &amp; child portrait. In the little be they could be in Room.
56) 0) text: Ma, with Jack pressed close to her, sits at the dining ta with Nancy, Robert and Leo. Desert. Jack is eating his fi bowl of ice-cream. He takes a big mouthful and holds his to his head. He tugs at Ma and she leans down so he can whisper to her.
56) 1) dialog: (whispering to Ma)
57) 0) text: Jack lies awake beside his sleeping mom. He hears footsteps. The door cracks open and a convoluted shadow appears, rimmed in light. The door opens wider and shadow resolves into Robert, watching his daughter and grandson sleep. Jack burrows into his pillow pretending t sleep. The door closes and soon he sleeps.
58) 0) text: Ma and Nancy sit with coffees. Jack has some cereal. The house is very quiet. No one talks for a while. Eventually
58) 1) dialog: (quietly to Ma)
58) 5) text: Hey Jack, you want play with your new toys? Jack shakes his head. A few minutes later: Nancy is cleaning up in the kitchen Ma breastfeeds Jack. She looks out on the bare winter bac yard.
60) 0) text: The LAWYER and Nancy watch Ma filling out some forms. She subdued. Jack has some blank paper in front of him. He is staring at a large open box of Crayola pencils; every sha of every color. He carefully selects 5 pencils - the 5 co he's used to from Room - and begins to draw. Jack occasionally glances at Leo, drawn by his natural warmth.
61) 0) text: Ma, Jack, Nancy and Leo eat supper, watching TV. Jack is drawn to look at Leo who does the old thumb trick for him
62) 0) text: Ma is still asleep. Jack sits on the bed beside her, bore He looks towards the half-open door to the landing.
63) 0) text: Jack sits on the landing with a favorite toy from the pil the sitting room. From where he sits he can see the open to his and Ma's bedroom. It's dark inside. Eventually, Le walks into view with a male DETECTIVE and a female VICTIM LIASON OFFICER. He shows them to the door.
64) 0) text: Jack wanders cautiously into the brightness of the living room, finding Leo who smiles at him, then gets back to whatever he's pretending to be doing. Jack is silent.
64) 4) text: Jack follows him in. Leo takes some cereal out of a well stocked cupboard, he opens the fridge for milk. Jack take all the produce it contains.
65) 0) text: Jack and Leo, at opposite ends of the counter, eat cereal
65) 2) text: Jack nods.
65) 4) text: Jack looks at Leo, not answering, but not bolting. He kee eating. After a moment.
65) 5) dialog: You have a dog?
65) 11) dialog: I had a dog called Lucky. But he's not real.
65) 13) dialog: In Room. Leo takes this in.
66) 0) text: Jack and Leo walk out into the garden. Jack is wearing hi hat and glasses but no sun-cream. The back yard is a simple rectangle of grass bounded by barkdust and shrubbery with a few small trees. But to Jac is a new cosmos. He wanders tentatively into the open spa Jack kneels to investigate the dirt and grass. He smells deeply. A little later, Leo and Jack throw the ball between them. Jack's shoes are irritating him.
66) 1) dialog: I hate shoes.
66) 7) text: Hey. Jack and Leo look over. The NEIGHBOR BOY is standing at t fence.
66) 16) text: Did you get that ball for your birthday? Jack shakes his head
66) 18) dialog: I got a truck but it broke and Ma got me a cake.
66) 20) dialog: Yes it is.
67) 0) text: Jack runs through the house...
68) 1) dialog: Ma. Ma.
68) 4) text: What, Jack?
68) 5) dialog: Is a cake a present?
68) 9) text: I have done that three times already. Jack sits quietly on the bed. Ma looks at him again, noti that his face is a little red. She covers the phone.
69) 0) text: Ma opens the door of Leo's den. Jack is beside her, his f smeared with camomile lotion.
70) 0) text: Jack gazes out the window, not wanting to go outside anym In the background, we can hear Ma noisily preparing somet in the kitchen.
71) 0) text: Ma has boxes spread out all over the room. She is morbidl engrossed in some old papers and memorabilia. Jack sits down. She keeps reading, looking.
71) 3) dialog: You?
71) 5) dialog: Real track?
71) 9) dialog: No.
71) 11) dialog: Show me more when you were young.
72) 0) text: Jack wakes from a nightmare with a start. No Ma beside hi He gets out of bed. The only light is coming from the hal through a crack in the door.
72) 1) dialog: Ma? He leaves the bedroom, stands blinking on the bright land He hears noises from downstairs, raised voices, a high pitched squeal.
72) 2) dialog: Ma? He goes downstairs. We follow him into the living room.
73) 0) text: We enter with Jack to find Nancy, Leo and Ma. Ma and Nanc are hugging. The lawyer is on speaker phone.
73) 8) dialog: You were gone! Ma turns. She's been crying but she comes over to Jack smiling broadly. She kneels so her face is level with his
73) 10) dialog: You were gone.
73) 12) dialog: I know Old Nick is in jail.
74) 0) text: Ma is on her phone, furiously texting. Jack watches. He's bored. Just the sound of tapping thumbs.
74) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
75) 0) text: Jack sits on the bed, watching Ma at her dressing table. is smartly dressed, her hair is fixed nicely.
75) 1) dialog: Why do you look like that?
75) 3) dialog: I don't like it.
76) 0) text: Jack follows Ma downstairs.
77) 0) text: Nancy cleans up in the kitchen. Ma and Jack come in. Ma f the sunscreen and starts to apply it.
79) 0) text: The car drifts around, eventually finds a spot. Ma, Jack Laura emerge. Jack is facing away from the mall. He is he by the big open view of the car park and road network bey
79) 2) text: Jack. This way. Just hold my hand.
80) 0) text: They walk through the whooshing doors of the mall and ste onto the ascending escalator. In the atrium, mobiles, banners, skylights. Teenagers, families, everyone scannin the myriad goods on display. At the top of the escalator sees a huge array of fruit and vegetables outside a supermarket. Further along, they pass a bookstore. Jack spots a displa new Dylan the Digger books. He grabs one.
80) 1) dialog: Ma, it's Dylan!
80) 3) dialog: Why?
81) 0) text: The girls cart Jack into the store among the hanging clot and mirrors. They tear through the racks. Techno music throbs. The mannequins leer. For a moment Jack loses track of the girls. The clothes a everywhere.
81) 1) dialog: Ma! Ma! She reappears from behind a rack.
81) 3) dialog: I was scared!
81) 6) dialog: I don't like it!
81) 14) dialog: Can we get Dylan now?
82) 0) text: The trio hurries through the mall. Ma looks nervous, Laur concerned, Jack bewildered and angry.
82) 2) text: Are you hungry, Jack? You want something in the food court? They've got, I don't know, pizza and stuff.
82) 3) dialog: I want Dylan. You said.
82) 10) dialog: No.
82) 13) dialog: I want Dylan. I want Dylan now.You said.
83) 0) text: Ma, Jack and Laura clamber into the car.
83) 6) dialog: I... I...
83) 11) dialog: I don't like you in the world!
84) 0) text: Jack sits with Nancy and Leo in the quiet room, playing Candyland.
85) 0) text: Jack sits with Dr. Mittal. After a little while, Nancy co in.
86) 0) text: Jack sits on the floor beside the bed watching Dora on Nancy's smart phone. Ma's who's been dozing sits up.
86) 3) dialog: I want to watch!
87) 2) dialog: I don't want to.
87) 37) text: Shut up.                         Go easy. Jack puts his hands over his ears.
87) 44) text: Ma leaves.    Jack shakes his head. Holds back tears.
87) 46) text: Nancy moves to hug him but she sees Jack stiffen and she stops.
88) 0) text: Jack wanders the back yard.
89) 0) text: Jack wanders in. Ma is sitting on the bed. She seems calm
91) 0) text: Jack is fascinated by the machinery. The boxes, cords, tripods and lights. He stands near the camera crew, listening to them talk, watching them set up their gear.
92) 0) text: Jack, looking through the back window, watches the camera crew follow his mom and the hostess around the yard. They pretend to talk. Ma is dressed in her best outfit. Nancy approaches Jack.
93) 0) text: The house is quiet apart from two muffled voices. Jack lo over to see Leo asleep in a chair.
94) 0) text: Jack creeps out of the room and down the hall. He walks d the stairs - gingerly, but on his feet.
95) 0) text: Jack edges into the living room, finding an enthralling circle of lights and cameras focussed on his mother and t hostess in their chairs. The center of the room is shadowless and ultra-vivid, exp by many bounces and fills. Ma and the Hostess face each o in two armchairs brought in for the occasion.
96) 0) text: Later. Hushed. Jack eating at the table. Leo reads the sports pages nearby, a silent companion. Jack can hear Ma, in the lounge, talking low to Nancy. He recognizes low sobs: Ma is crying. Jack stops eating halfway through a mouthful, can't swall
97) 0) text: Night. Jack wakes, sensing himself alone. No Ma in the be he touches the mark her body's left. No Ma in the room.
98) 0) text: Jack walks on tiptoe down the landing. The last door is the bathroom, and there's a crack of lig Jack taps very quietly on the door, remembering the rule.
98) 1) dialog: Ma? He goes to the top of the stairs and considers descending Then he creeps back to the bathroom, whispers a bit loude
98) 2) dialog: Ma?
98) 5) dialog: (shouting)
98) 6) text: Ma! Ma! An adult torso, Leo's, comes into the frame, driving with full force against the door which gives a little. Jack pu his face to the gap and sees Ma's hair spread out on the floor.
99) 0) text: A little later. Jack gets glimpses of chaos: on the bathr floor, TWO PARAMEDICS working on Ma (who responds just en that we know she's not dead), Nancy in the bathroom doorw Leo trying to calm her. But no sound.   It's as if Jack has been deafened by an explosion. Later: as Ma is carried out in the background, Jack sits the floor. We push in on him; he is hypnotized by the flashing ambulance lights on the wall.
100) 1) dialog: There's so much of place in the world, there's less time because the time has to be spread extra thin over all the places like butter, so all the persons say hurry up, let's get going, pick up the pace, finish up now. Ma was in a hurry to go boing up to heaven but she forgot me, Dumbo Ma, so the aliens threw her back down craaaaaaaash and broke her. Next morning. Jack in a ball on the bed. He opens his fis Bad Tooth, all he has of Ma. In the background we hear the phone ringing.
100) 4) text: Jack, come here. It's for you.
101) 0) text: Jack arrives. Leo holds out the phone. A pause then Jack takes it, holds it too far away: his first call.
101) 5) dialog: Ma? She struggles to get control of her voice.
101) 7) dialog: Come back.
101) 9) dialog: (louder)
101) 12) dialog: I pick. I pick for both of us.
102) 0) text: Jack sits in the space under the roof in Ma's bedroom pla with Lego.
103) 0) text: Jack watches TV with Nancy and Leo
104) 0) text: Jack mopes around the house. Nancy and Leo give him space
105) 0) text: Jack wakes up alone. Minutes later we see him enter Ma's walk-in closet. Sound things being shifted around inside.
106) 0) text: Jack walks out to the landing with Ma's box of memorabili Moments later, journals and photos are spread around him. examines her year-books, photos of her as a child his own age.
107) 0) text: A week has passed and the outside of the house is complet clear of press/onlookers. Nancy's car pulls up. She get's out, let's Jack out of the back seat and the two of them carry shopping bags to the front door. A NEIGHBOR waves.
108) 0) text: Nancy and Jack bake companionably in the kitchen. Jack st on a chair.
108) 2) dialog: Sure. I did it before. In Room.
108) 6) dialog: Lots of things. I miss it sometimes.
108) 8) dialog: Uh uh, it went every direction all the way to the end. It never finished. And Ma was always there.
108) 13) dialog: It was small in wardrobe.
108) 15) dialog: Sleep. When Old Nick came. Beat.
108) 16) dialog: I want to see Ma.
109) 0) text: Jack walks out into the hallway and stops dead. Leo is standing there holding a small terrier dog.
109) 2) dialog: I could just go in and tell her about Seamus. Only for a minute. Or I could just look at her.
110) 0) text: Jack tentatively climbs on a frame in a playground. Leo watches, with Seamus on a leash.
111) 0) text: Nancy is reading. Jack enters.
111) 1) dialog: Grandma.
111) 3) dialog: I need the scissors.
111) 5) dialog: For cutting my hair.
111) 7) dialog: I want to send it to Ma.
111) 9) dialog: She needs my strong more than me. So I want to send it to her. Or you could take it to her. Nancy is moved.
111) 11) dialog: That would be great.
112) 0) text: Jack sits in a chair with a sheet around his neck. Nancy clips his hair.
112) 2) dialog: You think this will work? Can my strong be her strong too? I'm not really sure if it works that way.
112) 4) dialog: Yes.
112) 8) dialog: I guess we do.
113) 0) text: Jack is leaning his head back on the round lip of the bathroom sink. She turns on the water.
113) 4) dialog: I love you, Grandma.
114) 0) text: Jack is drawing a multicolored picture. He uses all the colors of the crayon box. The picture of a house grows in colors and dimensions. Th door is green. The windows orange. The roof red.
115) 0) text: Jack plays with the Neighbor Boy and Seamus in the garden hears a tap tap tap and looks round. Ma is watching him through the glass back door. He runs to her as she opens door. They greet each other with nervous joy, without wor
116) 0) text: Jack and Ma sit beside each other on the bed.
116) 2) dialog: That's OK.
116) 4) dialog: Don't do it again.
116) 6) dialog: Are you better now?
116) 14) dialog: Can I...?
116) 16) dialog: 
116) 19) dialog: But you're Ma.
116) 21) dialog: I'm going to play with Aaron now. He's my friend. Ma hugs him hard before he leaves.
117) 0) text: Ma and Jack look out to sea.
117) 1) dialog: When I was four I didn't even know about the world and now me and Ma are going to live in it forever and ever till we're dead.
118) 0) text: Ma and Jack water their new African Violet.
118) 1) dialog: This is a street in a city in a country called America on the earth that's a blue and green planet always spinning so I don't know why we don't fall off. Then there's Outer Space, and nobody knows where's heaven.
119) 0) text: Ma and Nancy are curled up together on the sofa. Leo is there, too. The adults laugh as Jack fools around with Seamus.
120) 0) text: Ma and Jack are parked outside a Mom &amp; Pop Burger Joi eat in the car.
120) 1) dialog: Ma and I have decided that because we don't know what we like we get to try everything.
121) 0) text: Jack and Ma walk in the darkness through quiet suburban streets.
122) 0) text: Ma and Jack sit in a hammock in the back yard. The weathe turning warmer.
122) 1) dialog: We have so many things to do. Flying in an airplane.
122) 5) dialog: Can we go back to Room? Ma looks concerned.
122) 6) dialog: Just for a visit.
123) 0) text: A police car pulls up outside Old Nick's. Jack, Ma and Officer Parker get out. They stare at the house, still surrounded by crime-scene tape.
124) 0) text: The car port is now sealed off and the only way out back through the house. Jack follows Ma and Officer Parker ins It's tidy (except for a desk ransacked by police), anonymously banal: a leather suite, a cross-trainer, a fl screen TV.
125) 0) text: They step out into the back yard. Jack's gaze moves to th grey shed. A double-take: it's Room. With an enormous bulldozer beside it.
125) 3) dialog: (to himself)
125) 4) text: Dylan! Ma heads for the shed, Jack right behind her. Officer Parker stands nearby. There's a MALE OFFICER ther also, guarding the scene.
126) 0) text: They step in. Drawings stripped off the walls, furniture shifted: the magic's gone. Jack stares and sniffs the air
126) 1) dialog: This isn't Room. Has it gotten shrinked? Our friends...
126) 3) text: Proof that we were here. Jack retraces their track marks around the bed. He draws in the fingerprint powder on the table. Their Plant is all shrivelled. Jack strokes it. Under the bed, he finds Eggsnake; touches the needle tong He comes back to the doorway, where Ma stands frozen. He measures his height with his hand: an inch over the 5. He hears bird song from the yard; patter of rain.
126) 4) dialog: It's because Door's open.
126) 6) dialog: It can't really be Room if Door's open.
126) 11) dialog: Bye-bye.
126) 14) dialog: Bye-bye. (to Ma)
127) 0) text: Crane up as Jack and Ma emerge from the shed, hand in han and walk away without looking back.