50) 0) text: POLICE and HOSPITAL SECURITY are outside along with FBI agents, a VICTIM LIASON person and Ma's LAWYER. As Jack again takes in the scale of the outside world the adults get caught in the logistics of who goes in which c who will take Ma's bag, what will happen at the other end the journey. Jack observes the little clusters of people their overlapping voices raised in clarification, reassurance... Ma and Jack are led to one of the waiting cars. Jack bump his head getting in. We watch the convoy pulling away from the hospital and ou into the world.
52) 2) text: Jesus. Ma tidies her hair. Nancy, Robert and a LAWYER emerge from the first car. Nan manages an apologetic smile and half-wave to the neighbor who are watching from their own yards. RESIDENT AGENT leans in the driver's window to address Ma
52) 14) dialog: At this time ... excuse me, please ... at this time I will read a brief statement from the family after which I would ask you to respect their privacy. I'm sure you can understand this is a very - Nancy, Ma and Jack step into ...
59) 0) text: Through a chink in net curtains of a car pulling up outsi Nancy and Leo's house. The Lawyer gets out. We see that t press has thinned out substantially. There are a few curi MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC with nothing better to do, a UNIFOR POLICE OFFICER and a POLICE CAR.
59) 3) dialog: Thank you. Automatic door.
59) 5) dialog: Let me take my shoes off here.
60) 0) text: The LAWYER and Nancy watch Ma filling out some forms. She subdued. Jack has some blank paper in front of him. He is staring at a large open box of Crayola pencils; every sha of every color. He carefully selects 5 pencils - the 5 co he's used to from Room - and begins to draw. Jack occasionally glances at Leo, drawn by his natural warmth.
60) 1) dialog: The other thing we need to talk about is coming up with some kind of media strategy. I know you're not thinking about that right now. But there's a lot to decide about in that category.
60) 5) dialog: There are certain to be expenses going forward and a prime time interview, one prime time interview, means a lot of money. Donations are coming - and I'll need some account details, better in yours than mine, right? - but it wouldn't amount to enough for, you know, open ended support. Beat.
60) 6) dialog: There's huge interest. Ma notices that Jack is using only the same small set of colors for his drawing that he had in Room.
73) 0) text: We enter with Jack to find Nancy, Leo and Ma. Ma and Nanc are hugging. The lawyer is on speaker phone.
73) 4) dialog: I thought you'd want to know.
73) 6) dialog: It's a good day.
95) 16) dialog: (interjecting)
95) 17) text: I'm getting the feeling my client needs to - Without taking her eyes off Ma, the Hostess holds her pal out to the lawyer. Her tone is brusque, matter of fact.