44) 41) text: Leo. Beat.
53) 0) text: The hallway of Nancy and Leo's house. The Resident Agent with them.
53) 9) dialog: Welcome home, honey. I'm very very happy to see you. He has tears in his eyes but he gives Ma her space, doesn move to embrace her.
53) 12) dialog: Hey there, sport. Jack takes in this new person. Nancy leads them through t the main room where the curtains to the back yard are ope
53) 13) dialog: What can I get you? Anyone hungry? We have everything.
53) 18) dialog: Coming right up. Nancy disappears into the kitchen with Leo. Ma and Jack s on the sofa. Jack looks at cards and flowers arranged on table.
53) 30) text: I guess it must be in the basement. Jack looking at his feet, sees a small dog toy on the flo He presses it with his foot. It squeaks, giving him a fri Nancy and Leo come in with loaded trays - juice, water cookies, cake.
53) 31) dialog: Just in case.
53) 38) dialog: He's on furlough at the moment, with a pal of mine out of town. Living the country life.
53) 40) dialog: I told him he was a health hazard. Gotta sling your hook, buddy. He didn't take it too well. Silence. No one has any idea what to do next. We hear the front door open and close. Robert appears, he looks shake having taken questions from reporters. He looks for a sea chooses one far from Jack.
53) 46) dialog: Can I get you a drink, Bob?
56) 0) text: Ma, with Jack pressed close to her, sits at the dining ta with Nancy, Robert and Leo. Desert. Jack is eating his fi bowl of ice-cream. He takes a big mouthful and holds his to his head. He tugs at Ma and she leans down so he can whisper to her.
56) 3) dialog: You got a brain freeze there, Jack?
56) 28) dialog: Come on, Bob. Let's all just give this a little time. Ma stands up.
59) 0) text: Through a chink in net curtains of a car pulling up outsi Nancy and Leo's house. The Lawyer gets out. We see that t press has thinned out substantially. There are a few curi MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC with nothing better to do, a UNIFOR POLICE OFFICER and a POLICE CAR.
60) 0) text: The LAWYER and Nancy watch Ma filling out some forms. She subdued. Jack has some blank paper in front of him. He is staring at a large open box of Crayola pencils; every sha of every color. He carefully selects 5 pencils - the 5 co he's used to from Room - and begins to draw. Jack occasionally glances at Leo, drawn by his natural warmth.
61) 0) text: Ma, Jack, Nancy and Leo eat supper, watching TV. Jack is drawn to look at Leo who does the old thumb trick for him
63) 1) dialog: Thank you again.
64) 0) text: Jack wanders cautiously into the brightness of the living room, finding Leo who smiles at him, then gets back to whatever he's pretending to be doing. Jack is silent.
64) 1) dialog: (to himself) Gee, am I hungry.
64) 3) dialog: Let's see what we have here.
64) 4) text: Jack follows him in. Leo takes some cereal out of a well stocked cupboard, he opens the fridge for milk. Jack take all the produce it contains.
65) 0) text: Jack and Leo, at opposite ends of the counter, eat cereal
65) 1) dialog: Pretty good, right?
65) 3) dialog: I like this kind, too. Kind of sweet, but pretty good.
65) 4) text: Jack looks at Leo, not answering, but not bolting. He kee eating. After a moment.
65) 10) dialog: I do. Named Seamus. He's very small. Not very smart. You'll have to meet him sometime. He'll shake your hand.
65) 12) dialog: Yeah?
65) 14) dialog: You ever play catch, Jack?
66) 0) text: Jack and Leo walk out into the garden. Jack is wearing hi hat and glasses but no sun-cream. The back yard is a simple rectangle of grass bounded by barkdust and shrubbery with a few small trees. But to Jac is a new cosmos. He wanders tentatively into the open spa Jack kneels to investigate the dirt and grass. He smells deeply. A little later, Leo and Jack throw the ball between them. Jack's shoes are irritating him.
66) 2) dialog: I hear what you're saying, but ... Leo drops the ball and kicks it to Jack who manages to ki it back.
66) 3) dialog: They've got their uses. Am I right? Jack nods. They play awhile, getting farther apart.
66) 7) text: Hey. Jack and Leo look over. The NEIGHBOR BOY is standing at t fence.
66) 9) dialog: (wary, but open)
66) 12) dialog: Fantastic. You hear that, Jack? He got this same ball for his birthday.
66) 14) dialog: He's got sore eyes. The boy thinks about this. Decides it's an acceptable ans
69) 0) text: Ma opens the door of Leo's den. Jack is beside her, his f smeared with camomile lotion.
69) 2) dialog: I'm so sorry. It was overcast.
73) 0) text: We enter with Jack to find Nancy, Leo and Ma. Ma and Nanc are hugging. The lawyer is on speaker phone.
73) 3) dialog: Not at all, we'll all sleep better.
73) 5) dialog: That's right
84) 0) text: Jack sits with Nancy and Leo in the quiet room, playing Candyland.
84) 1) dialog: Oh, you got me on that one.
93) 0) text: The house is quiet apart from two muffled voices. Jack lo over to see Leo asleep in a chair.
96) 0) text: Later. Hushed. Jack eating at the table. Leo reads the sports pages nearby, a silent companion. Jack can hear Ma, in the lounge, talking low to Nancy. He recognizes low sobs: Ma is crying. Jack stops eating halfway through a mouthful, can't swall
98) 6) text: Ma! Ma! An adult torso, Leo's, comes into the frame, driving with full force against the door which gives a little. Jack pu his face to the gap and sees Ma's hair spread out on the floor.
99) 0) text: A little later. Jack gets glimpses of chaos: on the bathr floor, TWO PARAMEDICS working on Ma (who responds just en that we know she's not dead), Nancy in the bathroom doorw Leo trying to calm her. But no sound.   It's as if Jack has been deafened by an explosion. Later: as Ma is carried out in the background, Jack sits the floor. We push in on him; he is hypnotized by the flashing ambulance lights on the wall.
100) 2) dialog: (from hallway)
101) 0) text: Jack arrives. Leo holds out the phone. A pause then Jack takes it, holds it too far away: his first call.
101) 3) dialog: He's on. He's waiting.
103) 0) text: Jack watches TV with Nancy and Leo
104) 0) text: Jack mopes around the house. Nancy and Leo give him space
108) 18) dialog: Hey Jack. There's someone here who'd like to meet you. Jack hops down from his chair.
109) 0) text: Jack walks out into the hallway and stops dead. Leo is standing there holding a small terrier dog.
109) 1) dialog: Jack, meet Seamus. Would you like to pet him? Jack approaches cautiously, reaches a hand gingerly to pe the dog, withdraws, reaches again and pets him. Nancy app in the background. Jack sees her.
109) 3) dialog: Come on, let's get this guy some air after being all stuffed up in the car.
110) 0) text: Jack tentatively climbs on a frame in a playground. Leo watches, with Seamus on a leash.
119) 0) text: Ma and Nancy are curled up together on the sofa. Leo is there, too. The adults laugh as Jack fools around with Seamus.