0) 0) text: Darkness. The faint background hum of a refrigerator. A l clicks on, briefly, then snaps off again. Then on again, for a little longer. We wake groggily with JACK (five), blinking up at MA (26) She's standing in a worn t-shirt and underwear beside a l switching it on and off at apparently random intervals. S cranes up at the recessed skylight, Room's only window. The irregular flashes of lamp-light reveal glimpses of th little world lined with cork: ten foot a side, seven foot high, gabled ceiling rising to ten foot. Clusters of Jack's and Ma's vivid drawings are pinned all over the walls, quivering in the draft from the vents. Do with five crayons (red, yellow, blue, orange, green) and pencil on toilet tissue, lined pages or cardboard, they s dogs, trees, aliens, rocket ships, figures labelled 'Jack 'Ma'. Delicate mobiles (uncooked spaghetti, threads, plastics, foil, down from pillows, cloth scraps) dangle. A wardrobe with slatted louver doors. On top, toys crafte from garbage, a Labyrinth from toilet-roll insides. A dresser with a TV. A homemade pack of cards, papier mГў checkers and chess. A Fort constructed from vitamin and o bottles and cans. A single meagre African violet in a pot the TV. A round dining table, two fold-up chairs side by side. A bath with a single small towel over the side. A toilet, with a flotilla of homemade toy boats floating the tank which is oddly missing a lid. A sink, with a single worn toothbrush, toothpaste, dish s a broken comb, folded rags for washcloths. A small square mirror tile hung up over it. A small kitchen cabinet. A dish rack: two each of big and small white plates, bowls, tumblers, knives, forks, spoon (one with a melted handle), a scissors, can opener, serra knife, wooden spoon, spatula. A basic stove (with more folded rags on its handle, for p holders), one frying pan and one saucepan. A small refrigerator (more toys on top), a tiny trash.
1) 0) text: Faint light. Jack and Ma sleep face to face in a double b under a thin quilt. Pale skin, long hair, wearing t-shirt
2) 0) text: A little later, Ma, at the kitchen counter, measures out small bowls of cereal. Jack moves round Room touching things: Rug's rusty bloods from his birth; the scarred Table; chairs; faucets, etc.
2) 8) text: Is Bad Tooth hurting? MA (taps her head)
2) 9) text: Mind over matter. He taps his head too as he chants the slogan. JACK
2) 10) text: If we don't mind, it doesn't matter. MA
2) 11) text: Guess what we're going to make later. JACK
2) 12) text: What? MA
2) 14) text: A birthday cake, like in TV? MA
3) 0) text: A little later, Ma is brushing Jack's teeth (with their single, frayed brush) zealously. He spits with vigor. A little later, Ma and Jack are looking a two small piles clothes. MA
3) 2) text: You, pink soft, pink swirls. MA
3) 6) text: Me, bear and jeans. MA
3) 7) text: Good choice! A little later. Ma scrubs the floor with an old cloth dia while Jack watches TV. Both in t-shirt and jeans (Jack's worn-out knees), but shoeless. DORA THE EXPLORER
3) 8) text: We couldn't have done it without you. Thanks for helping. Gracias. The salsa theme tune starts. MA
3) 10) text: Just one more planet. Ma stands up, doing a zombie impression. MA
3) 11) text: Too much TV will turn us into zombies ... Anyway, it's time to mark how tall you are. This makes him switch the TV off fast and run to the door Ma marks his height with a tiny 5 in black pen on the cor Jack ducks and uses his fingers to measure the gap. Frown JACK
3) 12) text: I'm not very taller after four. MA
3) 13) text: Oh, that's pretty normal. JACK
3) 14) text: Yeah? MA
3) 19) text: That's where Red Pen died and we got Black Pen for Sunday Treat. Hey, what about cookies? MA
3) 21) text: I'm going to grow and grow till I'm a giant. Look, Ma. Look how big my superpowers are already. He makes a tiny bicep. Ma musters enthusiasm at the prosp of him growing up. MA
3) 24) dialog: Gigantic. JACK
3) 25) text: Enormous. Hugeormous. MA
5) 0) text: Later, the furniture is back in place. Jack picks Dylan t Digger from his stack, which includes Pop-Up Airport, My Book of Nursery Rhymes, The Runaway Bunny, Alice in Wonderland. (He ignores the adult books - The Da Vinci Co Twilight, The Guardian, Bittersweet Love, The Shack.) Ma can't hide her revulsion at Dylan the Digger again. MA
5) 2) text: I can read them all but I like when you do. Ma recites animatedly. Jack turns the board pages, not noticing that Ma's eyes are shut as she reads from memory MA
6) 0) text: Later, Jack blows the second of two small eggs, keeping t shell intact. Beating butter and sugar, Ma keeps up their Rhyme game. MA
6) 2) text: Our friend Spoon, sings to the moon. Ma beats the eggs in. MA
7) 0) text: A little later. The birthday cake is small, brown, plain. Ma makes a 5 with thin white icing. MA
7) 3) text: You said a birthday cake for real. That means candles on fire. MA
7) 5) text: You should ask for candles for Sunday Treat, not dumb jeans. MA
7) 7) text: But Old Nick gets anything, by magic.
7) 8) dialog: Try your cake, I bet it's delicioso. But Jack is sulking. She hugs him, quietly soothing him. JACK
7) 9) text: Next week when I'm six you better ask for real candles. MA
8) 0) text: Later. Steam makes Room mysterious. Jack lies on Ma in th bath, both with bubble moustaches. End of the Selkie stor
8) 1) dialog: But one day the mermaid finds where the fisherman hid her comb.
8) 3) dialog: So she runs home to the sea. She lets her head and face sink under the water. Jack sits up on her, upset. Ma emerges and opens her eyes.   Realizes what's wrong.
8) 4) dialog: Of course she takes her Baby Jack with her.
8) 6) dialog: No, he's half-merman. He can breathe air or water, whichever. Satisfied, Jack leans over to scoop up the pile of clothe
9) 0) text: Laundry is hung up to dry everywhere. Ma and Jack are in their sleep t-shirts and underwear. She sits breastfeedin him and telling him a story.
9) 3) dialog: ... and Edmond swims and swims to the island of Monte Cristo and digs up all the treasure, and ...
10) 0) text: A little later Jack watches as Ma places blankets and a pillow on the floor of the wardrobe.
10) 2) dialog: Tomorrow.
10) 4) dialog: We've brushed our teeth already.
10) 6) dialog: Jack, it's late. Come on. Jack jumps in and snuggles down. Pictures of Dora and her monkey Boots are glued on the back wall; this is a tiny r within Room. Ma covers him up for the night. She begins to sing `The Big Rock Candy Mountain'.
11) 4) dialog: Hey. Jack goes up on his elbow to squint through the slats but only sees a bit of the man's down jacket as he takes it o
11) 6) dialog: Thanks.
11) 8) dialog: 
11) 22) dialog: Shh. He turns down the volume. The sound of the sports broadca overlaps with the thud of the door closing. The wardrobe opens admitting the faint light of the L.E.D on the keypa We cut to a shot of Ma putting a sleeping Jack into the b As she starts to climb in beside we pull back and crane u
12) 4) dialog: (to herself, referring to the jeans)
12) 7) dialog: Maybe she's tired.
13) 0) text: Jack, on the bed: he squirms, twists, bounces with intens boyish energy. Beside the bed now, he runs on the spot at maximum speed. the background we see Ma cooking.
14) 0) text: Later the same day. Ma is napping. Jack is playing on the floor. Counting things. Tracing the patterns of rug with finger. What was that? He stares at the floor by the stove; glimp something. Jack tiptoes over, but the moving thing is gone. He looks furtively at Ma then takes out the cake. He crumbles some sets the plate on the floor. He squats and waits. A mouse puts its nose out, sniffs and takes a crumb. Something smashes into the stove: one of Ma's heavy books Jack cries out in shock and distress.
14) 3) dialog: They'd steal our food. She crawls under the counter, finds the hole. Tears alumi foil from the roll. Scrunches it.
14) 5) dialog: They'd bring in germs, bite us in the night.
14) 9) dialog: No I didn't, he's hunky-dory. She stops blocking up the hole to hug Jack.
14) 11) dialog: I swear, he's safe at home with his Ma in the backyard.
14) 14) dialog: Hey, let's make a UFO with this. Jack brings out the other grudge he's been nursing.
14) 16) dialog: Because he's not our friend.
14) 18) dialog: You shouldn't hear what he - You're meant to be asleep.
14) 20) dialog: He didn't mean it.
14) 24) dialog: Jack. We can't have a dog. We don't have room - (sees him misunderstand)
14) 27) dialog: There is no Lucky!
14) 29) dialog: He's just made-up, in your head, he's not real. Devastated, Jack bursts into tears. Ma sits down beside him and strokes him.
15) 0) text: That evening. Jack sits in Ma's lap, watching a TALK-SHOW hostess interview a one-armed war veteran. Ma is threadin eggshells onto a string, hundreds of shells long. Jack ge supports the unraveled part. Ma lets out a big yawn and discreetly rubs her aching jaw
15) 3) dialog: Right here in Room.
15) 5) dialog: We're never anywhere but here.
16) 0) text: Ma lies on the bed. Jack is nowhere to be seen. Eventuall his voice comes from the wardrobe.
16) 2) dialog: Jack. Go to sleep.
17) 0) text: The third morning. Jack wakes up in the bed, where Ma alw carries him once Old Nick has gone. Ma is up already, sitting at the table, staring at a shin red truck and remote in a hard pack. The snake is in Eden Jack can hardly believe what's in front of him. He looks it for a while.
17) 1) dialog: You can open it. We watch as Jack opens the box. Ma tries to help him when finds the packaging difficult.
17) 3) text: I can do it. Later, Jack is playing with his new toy. Ma watches him uneasily. We hear a faint echo of screaming ... CHAPTER TITLE: UNLYING The screaming get's louder. Later, Ma is standing on a chair screaming and howling at Skylight. Jack stands in the bath screaming into the smal air vent above the shelf. He holds his truck up to the ve so it can join in. Then they hush and listen.
17) 5) dialog: I guess they still can't hear us.
17) 7) dialog: Jack!
18) 2) dialog: Sorry, I burned some cheese.
18) 4) dialog: I will. I wasn't thinking.
18) 6) dialog: I know. I'm really sorry. Ma is unpacking the groceries.
18) 9) dialog: The vitamins?
18) 11) dialog: If we had a better diet, maybe...
18) 15) dialog: I'm sorry.
18) 18) dialog: No.
18) 20) dialog: You.
18) 22) dialog: What do you mean?
18) 24) dialog: No, but -
18) 28) dialog: What are you going to do? He doesn't answer.
18) 29) dialog: Are you... looking for another job?
18) 32) dialog: He's asleep.
18) 35) dialog: Let's go to bed. Old Nick chuckles at this unaccustomed seductiveness.
18) 36) dialog: Now.
18) 38) dialog: Please.
20) 4) dialog: Get away from him! Get away! Jack drops his truck and races to the wardrobe. He jumps in and pulls the door, banging his head.
21) 0) text: Jack clutches his head, curled up in the corner of the wardrobe, because it hurts, and to shut out Ma's screechi
21) 3) dialog: (hoarsely)
21) 4) text: Just leave him alone. The door makes the three beeps.
22) 3) dialog: It's OK. She soothes him.
23) 0) text: Shot of ice-crystals on the skylight. Silence: no refrigerator hum. Jack wakes first, shivering, though he doesn't know why. is astonished by purple bruises around Ma's throat. As if feels his gaze, Ma wakes and musters a smile. Jack notice the white clouds of their breath in the air.
23) 2) dialog: He's cut the power. She glances at the keypad: its little red light is out. With a wild, illogical hope, she hurls herself at the doo and claws at its edges - but it's still locked. Jack watc bewildered: he's never seen her try to open it.
24) 2) dialog: Lately.
24) 4) dialog: Lunch!
24) 6) dialog: We have to use them up before they rot. Once we eat we'll feel warmer. Jack makes himself chew a limp bean. Ma nibbles a few, wi show of enthusiasm. Jack looks at his three-wheeled truck
24) 8) dialog: Soon.
24) 12) dialog: Once he's not mad with me anymore. Jack watches the bruises on her throat move.
24) 14) dialog: Jack.   Think about it. He does, with difficulty.
24) 16) dialog: No anything. Jack tries the bean again - then spits it out quietly. Ma watches him, kisses him, forces herself to begin telling the truth.
24) 17) dialog: Hey Jack. Remember the mouse?
24) 19) dialog: You know where he is right now? Jack looks all around Room.
24) 20) dialog: On the other side of this wall. Jack stares hard at the wall.
24) 22) dialog: Oh Jack, everything has two sides.
24) 24) dialog: No, that's -
24) 28) dialog: But a wall's like this. And we're on the inside, in Room, and Mouse is on the outside, see?
24) 30) dialog: No, in the world.   It's much closer than Outer Space. She shows him the distance with her hands.
24) 32) dialog: But if we were outside in the world, we would, we'd be looking at the other side of this wall, and Mouse lying in the grass with his Ma. We'd see trees and cars and -
24) 34) dialog: Is it, though? You know when Door opens and the air comes in, the air that smells fresher - that's grass. Jack tries to laugh.
24) 36) dialog: But it's not TV. It's the real world we smell. You're so smart, I know you've started wondering.
24) 39) dialog: Where do you think Old Nick gets our food?
24) 41) dialog: There's no magic! Everything we see on TV - it's pictures of real stuff and real people in the world.
24) 43) dialog: No, sorry, not Dora, she's just a picture, but the other ones, with faces like ours - and there's real streets and oceans, dogs, cats -
24) 45) dialog: Just out there, in the world. Jack, tired of this, changes the subject.
24) 49) dialog: Look! A leaf!
24) 51) dialog: On skylight. She climbs up on a chair and lifts Jack onto her shoulder he can see. His head is close to the recessed skylight. H looks at a brown, sodden half-rotted leaf.
24) 53) dialog: On the trees they are but when they fall they rot, like salad, in the fridge, they -.
24) 56) dialog: Well, we can't see them from here because the skylight looks upwards instead of sideways. Jack suddenly struggles to get down, nearly toppling them
24) 58) dialog: No I'm not.
24) 60) dialog: Jack. I couldn't explain before, you were too small to understand, so.. I had to make up a story.
24) 64) dialog: But now - it's the opposite of lying, I'm unlying, because now you're five I think you can understand about the world, you have to understand. Jack shakes his head, not in bewilderment but in resistan
24) 65) dialog: Jack -
24) 67) dialog: You know how Alice wasn't always in Wonderland?
24) 69) dialog: Well, I'm like Alice. I wasn't always in Room. A heavy silence, as Jack absorbs this.
24) 70) dialog: I used to be a little girl called Joy. I lived-
24) 72) dialog: I lived in a house out in the world (taps on the wall)
24) 73) text: - with my mom and dad. You'd call them Grandma and Grandpa.
24) 75) dialog: The house where we lived, with a hammock in the back yard. We used to swing in the hammock and eat ice cream.
24) 79) dialog: It's not TV, Jack. Are you listening? No answer from him.
24) 80) dialog: And then I was nearly grown up, I was seventeen, I was walking to school and -
24) 82) dialog: Still up in heaven. So this guy ran up to me, saying his -
24) 84) dialog: We call him Old Nick, but I don't know his real name. He pretended his dog was sick, he seemed really -
24) 86) dialog: There was no dog. It was just a trick to get me into his truck. Old Nick stole me.
24) 88) dialog: You need to hear this one. He put me in his garden shed.
24) 90) dialog: Here. Room's the shed. He's the only one with the code - secret numbers to open the door. I've been locked in here for seven years. Do you understand?
24) 94) dialog: Jack, the world. You wouldn't believe how big it is. Room's only a tiny stinky piece of it.
24) 96) dialog: 
24) 99) dialog: (bitter, still not looking at him)
24) 100) text: Fine. That's fine Jack. Another long miserable pause. Jack, angry and upset, watc her for a while then sits down on the floor and takes out toys from under the TV. He plays quietly. Ma looks up at the skylight. As she watches a gust of win blow the leaf away. LATER - dusk Ma and Jack are in bed, under the duvet in their clothes, shuddering with cold. Jack tries the lamp. Nothing. He fi the dents in the shade then lies back down. A terrible flatness in the air. Ma is turned away from Jack. She has been crying.
25) 0) text: Next morning, a sunny day. Jack wakes up beside Ma.
25) 6) text: You're the best at reading and songs and lots except if you're having a Gone Day. I'm the best at drawing and jumping and growing and nearly everything. He examines the truck's broken axle. Yanks on another whe until it snaps off. Then the last two. He twists the door off. Stuffs the truck, its parts and remote in the trash. Later, light fading. Jack lies beside Ma, longing to breastfeed. Lifts the edge of her t-shirt, but doesn't da He sits up, rests his hand on the bump of Ma's foot.
26) 0) text: Next day. Ma (apparently normal again) and Jack finish th cereal.
26) 3) dialog: Apple? He takes a big bite and hands it back to her. Ma bites in, winces. She reaches into her mouth and pulls a tooth.
26) 4) dialog: About time.
26) 6) dialog: Sure, if you want it.
27) 0) text: A little later. Jack is watching wildlife while Ma cleans from breakfast: baby turtles emerging from shells and hea down the beach. Tying up the trash bag, she finds the truck, and realizes that Jack has destroyed it because it came from Old Nick.
27) 2) dialog: Totally real. I had a pet turtle.
27) 5) dialog: They're all real.
27) 14) dialog: Ah, they're real people playing dress-up, pretending to be people from hundreds of years ago. Jack is puzzled by that. He switches channels: TOM AND JERRY.
27) 16) dialog: You're getting it! He watches the slapstick violence with relish.
27) 18) dialog: Jack. Ma marches over and turns off the TV, startling him.
27) 19) dialog: One night I stood behind the door with the lid of the toilet tank - Jack looks towards it, confused: what lid?
27) 22) dialog: - it used to have a lid, it was the heaviest thing in Room. When he came in I tried to smash it down on his head. But I messed up, Jack. He shoved the door shut and grabbed me by the wrist - that's why it's sore now.
27) 24) dialog: Yes we could, but then we'd have no more food - and we wouldn't know the code, on the door, to get out.
27) 26) dialog: They don't know where we are, Jack. Room's not on any map. His eyes slide to the blank screen.
27) 30) dialog: Jack, I want you to listen to me. Jack! He looks at her.
27) 31) dialog: You're old enough now and we can't wait any longer ... Jack you are going to help me trick Old Nick like Jack in the stories is always tricking the giant.
28) 1) dialog: I'm going to make your face so scorching hot that Old Nick will take you to the hospital in his truck, and the minute you get there you'll tell the doctors, 'Help! Police!
28) 5) dialog: I'll write you a note to give them.
28) 7) dialog: I won't be in the hospital, I'll be here. Jack jumps up, rigid with panic.
28) 9) dialog: It'll be OK.
28) 11) dialog: He won't take us both. You'll go first, just to the hospital so you can tell the police, and then... Her conviction falters at this point, but she fakes it.
28) 12) dialog: Then you'll come rescue me. He shakes his head.
28) 15) dialog: We'll be free. Go on hikes, see birds. Ride in cars and trains and planes. I'll teach you to swim. We'll have friends. And a dog - we'll call him Lucky. A party with a cake with candles, our friends singing. Jack thinks.
28) 17) dialog: Tonight. Jack starts shaking his head frantically.
28) 18) dialog: It has to be tonight. Jack flees to the wardrobe, to shut himself in.
28) 19) dialog: Listen to me.
28) 22) dialog: I'm going to tell him the powercut made you so cold, you got a fever. We might not get another chance. It's a miracle he didn't come last night.
28) 24) dialog: I'm your Ma. Sometimes I have to pick for both of us. Slowly, she pulls, till his small hands release the doors
29) 0) text: Later. Jack is back on the bed, his face red. Ma holds a cloth wrung out with hot water over his forehead.
29) 2) dialog: You need to feel hot when he touches you. Jack starts crying at the prospect. Ma strokes him as she presses the bag to his forehead.
29) 3) dialog: Crying's good, it makes you look sicker. Then she moves the bag to each cheek in turn.
29) 4) dialog: And stay floppy, remember? You're too weak to move or say a word.
29) 8) dialog: Makes you smell sick. Ma checks her watch, and presses the cloth to his face.
29) 9) dialog: Remember when you get to the hospital you give them the note. Show me how you hold it out. Jack fumbles in his pocket for the edge of the note. Something falls out with it.
29) 10) dialog: What's that. She picks it up. Her bad tooth. She gives it back to him.
29) 11) dialog: See, that's a bit of me you have with you all the time.
29) 13) dialog: I know.
29) 16) dialog: There you are! He scowls at her, and shoulders the door shut.
29) 18) dialog: Sorry, just - Jack's really bad. Old Nick puts the groceries down, grimacing at the smell.
29) 19) dialog: It was so cold.
29) 21) dialog: I couldn't keep him warm, and now he's burning.
29) 23) dialog: I've tried, he pukes them back up. Old Nick comes up close to Jack.
29) 24) dialog: Don't - He elbows her out of the way lays his hand across Jack's forehead. Jack lets out a whimper of fear that passes for pain.
29) 28) dialog: He's only five! Dehydrated, temperature this high, he could go into convulsions any minute.
29) 30) dialog: He needs antibiotics.
29) 32) dialog: Tomorrow night? You have to take him to the ER right now.
29) 34) dialog: I'm begging you. Please! Old Nick taps the code into the keypad, hiding his hand. clings to him.
29) 35) dialog: If you're even halfway human - As the door opens he thrusts her away and she stumbles. When the door booms shut, Jack lifts his head. Their tric didn't work... and he's relieved. Ma is crumpled against wall where she fell.
30) 0) text: Jack sleeps sweetly and peacefully in Ma's arms in bed. She stares into the dark.
31) 0) text: Next morning, Jack is eating his cereal cheerfully. Ma, hollow-eyed, hasn't touched hers.
31) 3) dialog: So Edmond pulls his friend's body out of the bag and hides it, and he climbs into the bag, and lies super still until the guards come. Jack nods, enjoying the familiar story.
31) 4) dialog: And that's what you're going to do. He stops eating.
31) 5) dialog: See? It's even tricksier than pretending to be sick: this time you're going to be dead. Jack looks over at the folded paper grocery bags.
31) 7) text: Our bags are too small for being dead in. Ma shoves the table and chairs away to one side.
31) 9) dialog: Rug's going to be the bag, see?
31) 11) dialog: Pretending to be dead, that's all. Wrapped up so Old Nick can't see that you're alive. But not floppy this time. All stiff like a robot. And not a sound. And I'll be in your head, talking to you all the time. (she taps Jack's head)
31) 16) text: No! MA
31) 18) text: I don't like this trick. MA
31) 20) text: Uh uh. MA
31) 22) text: Half a minute. MA
31) 26) dialog: Okey-dokey. She rolls him up. We're with Jack inside the rug.
31) 27) dialog: Can you hear me? Can you breathe?
31) 29) dialog: Excellent! He'll pick you up - stay stiff as you can. Jack holds himself rigid as Ma lifts him up.
31) 30) dialog: Then he'll put you in his truck. Set down awkwardly, Jack bites his lip, but stays quiet.
31) 31) dialog: The second you hear the engine - She makes engine noises and shakes him.
31) 32) dialog: - that means Old Nick's busy driving, so that's your chance to start wriggling out. Now, Jack. Wriggle out.
31) 34) dialog: Remember your superpowers. Jack cries harder. Ma unrolls him fast and hugs him. Then takes a long breath.
31) 35) dialog: Ok, it's too many turns. Up, up. I'll fold the end over like this. (She folds the end of the rug to make it narrower)
31) 41) dialog: There, Now push up your arms.
31) 43) dialog: Push, Jack. His elbows scrape through and his fingers clasp hers.
31) 44) dialog: Now roll. Jack makes a feeble try, barely moves. Pants, sobs.
31) 45) dialog: OK. Take a breath.
31) 47) dialog: You're getting yourself out.
31) 49) dialog: If you panic, Old Nick will hear that you're alive, and he'll be mad. Jack groans.
31) 50) dialog: I know you, Jack. I know you can do this. Jack clenches his teeth and starts to writhe and roll sid side. He rolls over face down, and gets his butt slightly in th air, bending the cylinder of the rug. He rolls the other way, sits up: the rug opens. He claws way out, his face red and smeared. Ma is looking almost a distraught as him, but she grins.
31) 51) dialog: You did it! You're the banana!
31) 55) dialog: That's OK. I brought you here to Room. I didn't mean to but I did, and I've always been so glad. And now it's my job to get you out.
32) 0) text: Later. Jack's lying half rolled in the rug. He's been wai for hours. Ma crouches beside him drilling him in the pla
32) 2) dialog: Wait till the truck slows down at the first stop sign - if you jump when it's going fast you might - She stops talking so as not to cry. Checks her watch. Sta at the door as if she can will it to open.
32) 3) dialog: So Truck, Wriggle Out, Jump when it Slows Down... Jack struggles to remember the list.
32) 5) dialog: Jump, Run, then shout to Somebody and show them the Note. Jack checks the for note in his pocket.
32) 6) dialog: Tell them your Ma is Joy Newsome and В­
32) 10) dialog: Anybody - the first person you see.
32) 13) dialog: He's not going to - Ma falters, puts her head in her hands. She collects hers
32) 14) dialog: You got Bad Tooth in your pocket? Jack points to his cheek.
32) 16) dialog: You're going to love it.
32) 20) dialog: The world. Living in the hammock house with your Grandma and Grandpa...
32) 23) dialog: One evening as the sun went down and the jungle fire was burning, down the track came a hobo hikin', and he said "Boys, I'm not turning. I'm headed for a land that's far away, beside the crystal fountains. So, come with me, we'll go and see the Big - The door beeps, and Ma rolls Jack up, very fast. We're in dark with him, the rug pressing close. Sound of Old Nick stepping in. Proud of himself.
32) 26) dialog: He got worse in the night. She waits, giving Old Nick time to figure it out. In the rug, Jack lies frozen except for his flickering ey
32) 27) dialog: He wouldn't wake up.
32) 31) dialog: Am I sure? In the rug, Jack blinks in fright.
32) 34) dialog: You killed my baby.
32) 36) dialog: Keep your hands off him!
32) 40) dialog: Where will you take him?
32) 42) dialog: Not here. I'd feel him. I'd know.
32) 45) dialog: Drive him somewhere nice, somewhere with lots of trees.
32) 49) dialog: Keep him wrapped up. Swear you won't even look at him with your filthy eyes.
32) 52) dialog: (screams at him)
32) 56) dialog: Gently!
35) 0) text: A patrol car pulls up at the scene. Doug leaves the still curled up Jack and hurries to the car to talk to the emer OFFICER GRABOWSKI. Jack, shuddering with cold notices Carrie staring at him. He feels his lip, touches the blood, looks at it, tastes. Then sees an oval on the ground. He picks it up: a leaf. OFFICER PARKER, a female officer, hunkers down beside him
35) 12) text: That's negative. White male, six feet, forties, fifties, beard, red pick-up, Ford, nineties F150, maybe, no state partial plate K93.
36) 0) text: Inside the moving police car. Jack's head jerks as he tri to make sense of the passing images. He flinches as a car passes in the other direction. Bewildering signs: YIELD, HIDDEN DRIVEWAY.
36) 18) text: He makes a circle with his finger so she'll understand.
36) 52) text: Control. Listen carefully. South on Maple, three stop signs from the junction with Beach, look for a garden shed with a skylight. Officer Grabowski, impressed, swings the car around.
37) 0) text: Minutes later. Outside an unlit house, with a Police van a back-up, unmarked car parked facing the other way. A pl clothes OFFICER is knocking on the front door of the hous Jack watches through the car window as Officer Parker consults with an OLDER WHITE MALE OFFICER, also plain clothes. Parker and the older officer start to poke aroun the side of the house, disappearing for a moment before running back. Officer Parker takes what looks like a crow from the trunk of the car. She draws her weapon. Grabowsk moves to leave the car.
38) 0) text: A little later. Jack and Ma, in blankets, hold each other the police cruiser moves through the night. Jack does a huge yawn, utterly exhausted now the adrenali gone.
38) 2) dialog: We can do anything. They'll find us somewhere to sleep soon.
39) 0) text: Still in Ma's arms, Jack half wakes to find himself carri through a hospital emergency room. They are being bustled along by Officers Parker and Grabowski, A FEMALE PLAIN CLOTHES DETECTIVE, a DOCTOR, a NURSE and a HOSPITAL SECUR GUARD. A woman in her 50s, is beside them, her arm around This is NANCY, Ma's mother. It's like a strange dream to Jack. Through the group around him he can make out other figures waiting in chairs. He can hear a drunk shouting, phones ringing.
40) 0) text: Next morning. A bright hospital room. Jack and Ma share t fancy hospital bed. A cot bed, unused, has been set up to side. Jack is awake but content to lie close to Ma for a while - studying the dials and switches on the wall above head. He looks at Ma, asleep, bruises fading to yellow-gr He sits up and pulls back the sheet. He's wearing only a of underpants from Room which look particularly wretched this new antiseptic environment. He touches the part of t mattress he's being lying on. It's damp. He examines a bandage on his knee. He gets up. On a side table, he sees plate with the remains of some toast on it and a half dru cup of tea. He sniffs at the food. There are two surgical masks there, also. He walks slowly to the opposite wall, little figure silhouetted against the translucent blinds. stops in front of the one window which has its blind draw The hospital suite is high up and the view is spectacular
40) 6) dialog: Good morning sleepy head. I was waiting so long for you to wake I fell back asleep.
40) 8) dialog: Same one, just a different bit. It's a room - (hears the word)
40) 11) dialog: We're not sick. We're the opposite of sick. Beat.
40) 13) dialog: Not long. Grandma saw us last night and she'll take us when they say we're OK.
40) 15) dialog: He was away at work but he's getting on a plane to come home.
40) 21) dialog: That's OK. The bedside phone bursts to life, frightening Jack. Ma pi it up.
40) 23) dialog: Don't worry about that. Someone will wash it. Come on, we have to get ready. Ma steps out of bed. She's wearing a robe. It says `Tyler Forest Hospital'
40) 25) dialog: Do you like it? There's one for you, too. She picks up a robe from beside the bed, puts him in it - it's way too big, then she begins to take off his damp underpants.
41) 0) text: Ma and Jack come into the bathroom. Ma throws Jack's underpants in the trash.
41) 2) dialog: We'll get new ones.
41) 4) dialog: There are going to be so many treats, not just on Sundays. Jack looks around.
41) 8) dialog: It's a shower instead.   Splashier. Ma notices a large mirror. This is the first time she's s herself properly in 7 years. She studies herself - bares teeth. She points out their reflections to Jack.
41) 11) dialog: Jack, look. It's us. This is the first time Jack has ever properly seen himsel
41) 13) dialog: No, he will never, ever come again.
42) 0) text: Ma and Jack are in the shower. Jack is pressed to the doo as far away as possible from the powerful jet of water.
42) 2) dialog: What?
42) 4) dialog: There aren't any rules now, Jack. We can do what we like! Jack is unnerved by all this. Ma groans with pleasure as she lets the water hit the bac her neck.
43) 0) text: Both in robes with wet hair. While Ma looks out the windo Jack noses around the room taking in the strange experien of an unknown space. He opens a drawer, then another. Emp A very light tap at the door which only Jack hears.
43) 5) dialog: That's right. Jack's buries his head in.
43) 6) dialog: It's OK, Jack. DR. MITTAL (thirties/forties) come further into the room. nurse pushes in a breakfast trolly then leaves.
43) 20) dialog: OK. Thanks. (to Jack who is still playing with his food)
43) 23) dialog: Thanks for the offer but we're going to go home.
43) 25) dialog: (interrupting)
43) 28) dialog: But he's OK, right?
43) 35) dialog: He says he's real, not plastic. Mittal laughs.
43) 41) dialog: Dad!
43) 46) dialog: Jack, Jack it's OK. This is your Grandma and Grandpa.
44) 0) text: Hospital roof garden. Jack sticks close to Ma. She is dre in track-suit bottoms and her old warm winter coat. Jack pajamas under his robe and a warm coat which doesn't quit fit. Ma has a pair of her old boots on, Jack has trainers They wear tinted glasses against the brightness of the da Jack is a strange sight, the part of his face not covered his mask (the others are unmasked) or woollen hat is smea in heavy sun screen. They sit with Robert and Nancy. Nanc smokes a slim cigarette. Jack watches her cigarette for a while, then his attention is snagged by a nurse pushing a old woman in a wheelchair. He is also fascinated by the s reflected in the mirrored glass of the building. Ma runs her hand along her coat.
44) 9) text: They hug again. Letting go at last they smile at each oth for a long moment. We feel a history of great closeness between them. Ma wipes away her tears.
44) 10) dialog: So, what's in Michigan?
44) 12) dialog: (sensing something) OK.
44) 20) dialog: Whoa. This is not what I thought was happening.
44) 27) dialog: Wow.
44) 32) dialog: (interrupting)
44) 34) dialog: I told him we're going home. (to Nancy)
44) 42) dialog: OK, this is a lot of stuff.
44) 47) dialog: (a hint of irritation)
44) 50) dialog: It's OK.
44) 53) dialog: Just wait a moment. We'll go inside in a moment. Nancy tries to calm her.
44) 55) dialog: I need to go back now, anyway. There are things we need to do inside. Ma pulls Jack to his feet. Jack risks a look at his grandparents. Robert looks down, can't look Jack in the e Ma notices Jack has taken his shoes off. She starts to fu with them, then gives up and lifts Jack into her arms to bring him inside.
45) 0) text: Ma and Jack, still masked, walk through the hospital corr accompanied by A NURSE and a POLICE GUARD. Jack is fascin as they pass a nurses station, a man rolling a drip on a stand, the door to a day room where several patients sit playing cards, reading.
46) 0) text: Jack lies on the bed listening to music on headphones. In background Ma talks to two DETECTIVES. They show her imag on a laptop which is turned away from Jack.
48) 0) text: Later. Quiet at last. Ma and Jack alone, shoes and masks Out of the big window as the last of the sun fades. Ma picks at something plain from their dinner tray, while Jack breastfeeds. In the background the TV news.
48) 3) text: who was rescued last night, along with her child, from a garden shed having allegedly been held captive there for over seven years. We are getting unconfirmed reports that an individual has just been arrested, after what one witness has called a 'short stand-off' at a house on the east side. Footage of Old Nick's house. The room phone starts to ring. Ma picks up.
48) 4) dialog: I know, I'm watching it right now. I can't believe it. I just want to be home now.
48) 10) dialog: Wait, wait a second. She switches off the set.
49) 0) text: Ma, Jack (masked, with sunglasses on), Nancy and Robert m towards the doors of the hospital where the Resident FBI agent waits for them. Robert is carrying the small bag th contains all of Ma and Jack's possessions. Ma puts her sunglasses on as they go through the doors.
49) 2) dialog: I understand.
49) 4) dialog: Got it.
50) 0) text: POLICE and HOSPITAL SECURITY are outside along with FBI agents, a VICTIM LIASON person and Ma's LAWYER. As Jack again takes in the scale of the outside world the adults get caught in the logistics of who goes in which c who will take Ma's bag, what will happen at the other end the journey. Jack observes the little clusters of people their overlapping voices raised in clarification, reassurance... Ma and Jack are led to one of the waiting cars. Jack bump his head getting in. We watch the convoy pulling away from the hospital and ou into the world.
51) 0) text: A little later. Driving through a better, neater neighborhood than Old Nick's. Jack grips Ma's hand, watches the world pass.
52) 0) text: They turn onto a residential street of low houses and wel groomed lawns. It's all familiar to Ma yet utterly strange: a crowd of m (national and international) is set up across the road fr her house behind temporary barricades. There are neighbor and well-wishers carrying helium balloons, flowers, toys, signs. POLICE keep order.
52) 1) dialog: (under her breath)
52) 2) text: Jesus. Ma tidies her hair. Nancy, Robert and a LAWYER emerge from the first car. Nan manages an apologetic smile and half-wave to the neighbor who are watching from their own yards. RESIDENT AGENT leans in the driver's window to address Ma
52) 4) dialog: (to Jack)
53) 10) dialog: Leo.
53) 15) dialog: Jack, Grandma's asking if you'd like something to drink. Jack pulls her down to whisper in her ear.
53) 16) dialog: Juice? (to Nancy)
53) 23) dialog: They're from people saying they're happy that we're safe and back home.
53) 25) dialog: Just people. Ma, like Jack, speaks quietly. It's as if they were in a doctor's waiting room or a stranger's house trying to mak good impression. All so unreal. Ma gets up and looks out the window into the back yard. J follows.
53) 27) dialog: (calling out)
53) 30) text: I guess it must be in the basement. Jack looking at his feet, sees a small dog toy on the flo He presses it with his foot. It squeaks, giving him a fri Nancy and Leo come in with loaded trays - juice, water cookies, cake.
53) 32) dialog: A dog?
53) 34) dialog: You don't like dogs.
53) 50) text: Sure. NANCY (to Ma)
53) 54) dialog: Just rest.
55) 0) text: Ma and Jack enter Ma's room. They absorb the decor of Ma' adolescence - preserved by her mother.
55) 3) dialog: Jack says that's where his `strong' is.
55) 10) dialog: You didn't know I could play piano. Guess this tune... But after a few notes of 'Home on the Range'/'Big Rock Ca Mountain' she stumbles. Tries again, and messes it up. Stretches her stiff hand. Then she sits on the bed, sudde limp. Checks her watch. It's gone; an old habit. Both Ma Jack are subdued.
55) 12) dialog: (getting the tablets she needs)
55) 13) text: We live here now. She swallows her antibiotics and painkillers without wate She lies down. We stay on Jack's face as he continues to in his surroundings and digest what Ma has said. After a little while he lies beside her and lifts her shirt so he snuggle up and breastfeed. We repeat a sequence of shots from life before their esca ending in a mother &amp; child portrait. In the little be they could be in Room.
56) 0) text: Ma, with Jack pressed close to her, sits at the dining ta with Nancy, Robert and Leo. Desert. Jack is eating his fi bowl of ice-cream. He takes a big mouthful and holds his to his head. He tugs at Ma and she leans down so he can whisper to her.
56) 6) dialog: Eat it slower. Small talk as food is passed around. Ma puts her fork dow she is beginning to get upset. Nancy watches her, puts a on hers. After a little while Ma calms. They eat quietly, the adults aware of the complexity and strangeness of the situation. Jack, oblivious, chomps awa his ice-cream. Robert watches him.
56) 8) dialog: Is there something wrong?
56) 10) dialog: Why are you in such a hurry?
56) 14) dialog: You haven't said one word to Jack. Unlike Ma, Nancy hasn't put two and two together about Robert's awkward bearing around Jack.
56) 18) dialog: (to Robert)
56) 19) text: Yes we do. Look at him. Robert can't. Ma's anger deserts her.
56) 20) dialog: Dad.
56) 22) dialog: Please. Jack is bewildered by this low-key catastrophe.
56) 24) dialog: He's my baby.
56) 29) dialog: Come on, Jack. Time for bed. As Ma pulls Jack out of the room.
58) 0) text: Ma and Nancy sit with coffees. Jack has some cereal. The house is very quiet. No one talks for a while. Eventually
58) 4) dialog: (holding Jack's face gently)
58) 5) text: Hey Jack, you want play with your new toys? Jack shakes his head. A few minutes later: Nancy is cleaning up in the kitchen Ma breastfeeds Jack. She looks out on the bare winter bac yard.
60) 0) text: The LAWYER and Nancy watch Ma filling out some forms. She subdued. Jack has some blank paper in front of him. He is staring at a large open box of Crayola pencils; every sha of every color. He carefully selects 5 pencils - the 5 co he's used to from Room - and begins to draw. Jack occasionally glances at Leo, drawn by his natural warmth.
60) 7) dialog: Jack, you have all those colors. Why don't you use them. You could draw a picture of Jack the giant slayer, with every color. Jack keeps drawing.
61) 0) text: Ma, Jack, Nancy and Leo eat supper, watching TV. Jack is drawn to look at Leo who does the old thumb trick for him
62) 0) text: Ma is still asleep. Jack sits on the bed beside her, bore He looks towards the half-open door to the landing.
63) 0) text: Jack sits on the landing with a favorite toy from the pil the sitting room. From where he sits he can see the open to his and Ma's bedroom. It's dark inside. Eventually, Le walks into view with a male DETECTIVE and a female VICTIM LIASON OFFICER. He shows them to the door.
66) 0) text: Jack and Leo walk out into the garden. Jack is wearing hi hat and glasses but no sun-cream. The back yard is a simple rectangle of grass bounded by barkdust and shrubbery with a few small trees. But to Jac is a new cosmos. He wanders tentatively into the open spa Jack kneels to investigate the dirt and grass. He smells deeply. A little later, Leo and Jack throw the ball between them. Jack's shoes are irritating him.
68) 0) text: ... and slips into the bedroom where Ma is pacing around the house phone. She has a smart-phone in her hand which is trying to set up.
68) 2) dialog: (waving Jack off)
68) 3) text: I already gave all this information to the last person. (covering the mouthpiece)
68) 6) dialog: What? She turns away, deep in her own frustration.
68) 7) dialog: (into phone)
68) 9) text: I have done that three times already. Jack sits quietly on the bed. Ma looks at him again, noti that his face is a little red. She covers the phone.
68) 10) dialog: (to Jack)
69) 0) text: Ma opens the door of Leo's den. Jack is beside her, his f smeared with camomile lotion.
69) 1) dialog: Leo, please don't ever take Jack outside again unless you know what you're doing. He can be seriously hurt by the sun.
69) 3) dialog: He has never had any UV. This is serious stuff, OK?
70) 0) text: Jack gazes out the window, not wanting to go outside anym In the background, we can hear Ma noisily preparing somet in the kitchen.
71) 0) text: Ma has boxes spread out all over the room. She is morbidl engrossed in some old papers and memorabilia. Jack sits down. She keeps reading, looking.
71) 1) dialog: Look at this. She shows him an old photo. Four girls in track uniforms.
71) 2) dialog: You know who that is?
71) 4) dialog: Me and Stacy Benton and Heather Noel and Laura Sullivan. That's how people did their hair. We were the relay team. I was the anchor. I was fast. We did track together.
71) 8) dialog: Real track. On a field. We were fast. Best in the district. You know what happened to them?
71) 10) dialog: Exactly. Nothing. They just lived and nothing happened. Look ... She picks up her old laptop from the floor by the bed. Sh has been looking through her friends pages on Facebook. S clicks on a couple of pages showing the same girls as the are now, then loses interest, closes the laptop.
71) 12) dialog: No. I don't want to see any more. I don't want you to look at any more right now. Let's just be quiet for while. Okey dokey? They sit. She stands and paces the room, gnawing her lips wincing, trying and failing to keep her despair out of vi
72) 0) text: Jack wakes from a nightmare with a start. No Ma beside hi He gets out of bed. The only light is coming from the hal through a crack in the door.
73) 0) text: We enter with Jack to find Nancy, Leo and Ma. Ma and Nanc are hugging. The lawyer is on speaker phone.
73) 9) dialog: Do you want to hear something really good? In the background Leo ends the call.
73) 11) dialog: Hey listen. Old Nick is going to jail for a really long time.
73) 13) dialog: But now he'll be there for ever and ever. And I don't have to see him ever again or talk to the judge or any of those scary things. Isn't that great? Jack nods, not really understanding.
73) 14) dialog: We can stop worrying now and start to do all the things we want. She picks him up and hugs him.
74) 0) text: Ma is on her phone, furiously texting. Jack watches. He's bored. Just the sound of tapping thumbs.
74) 2) dialog: I'm talking to people. She keeps texting, not explaining further.
75) 0) text: Jack sits on the bed, watching Ma at her dressing table. is smartly dressed, her hair is fixed nicely.
75) 2) dialog: I'm dressed to go out, that's all. He watches MA force earrings through the healed piercings her ears. It looks painful.
75) 4) dialog: It's just some clothes and makeup.
76) 0) text: Jack follows Ma downstairs.
76) 1) dialog: Come on, we need to get you ready. We follow them into ...
77) 0) text: Nancy cleans up in the kitchen. Ma and Jack come in. Ma f the sunscreen and starts to apply it.
77) 4) dialog: It's not too much for me. I need to go out, get some air. Ma starts to apply sunscreen to Jack.
77) 5) dialog: (to Nancy)
77) 7) dialog: You could support me in this. That's all I'm asking. I'm trying to take a step.
77) 13) dialog: Oh my God!
77) 16) dialog: (fastening Jack)
77) 19) dialog: This is too weird, sitting in this car right now.
77) 25) dialog: I'm happy, too. And a little freaked out.
78) 2) dialog: I always liked her even though we never really hung out.
78) 5) dialog: That's actually not true.
78) 9) dialog: Susan Torrey.
78) 15) dialog: Who was that?
78) 17) dialog: What work do you do.
79) 0) text: The car drifts around, eventually finds a spot. Ma, Jack Laura emerge. Jack is facing away from the mall. He is he by the big open view of the car park and road network bey
79) 1) dialog: (taking his hand)
79) 5) dialog: You're going to be fine. OK?
80) 0) text: They walk through the whooshing doors of the mall and ste onto the ascending escalator. In the atrium, mobiles, banners, skylights. Teenagers, families, everyone scannin the myriad goods on display. At the top of the escalator sees a huge array of fruit and vegetables outside a supermarket. Further along, they pass a bookstore. Jack spots a displa new Dylan the Digger books. He grabs one.
80) 2) dialog: You can't take that, Jack.
80) 6) dialog: It doesn't belong to you. She takes the book from him and dumps it back in the disp
80) 7) dialog: Come on. If you're good we can get another book, a new one on our way out.
81) 0) text: The girls cart Jack into the store among the hanging clot and mirrors. They tear through the racks. Techno music throbs. The mannequins leer. For a moment Jack loses track of the girls. The clothes a everywhere.
81) 2) dialog: I'm here. OK? Just calm down.
81) 4) dialog: (doing her best to be reassuring)
81) 5) text: Don't be. This is normal. This is what people do.
81) 7) dialog: Remember your superpowers, alright, have fun. And no whining, OK? A clerk appears.
81) 11) dialog: I need some... (she looks around desperately)... some shoes.
81) 13) dialog: I don't know.
81) 15) dialog: Please, Jack.
81) 17) dialog: No. I definitely don't want any of these. I'd never wear these. She grabs Jack's hand and drags him out of the store. Lau follows looking weirded-out.
82) 0) text: The trio hurries through the mall. Ma looks nervous, Laur concerned, Jack bewildered and angry.
82) 1) dialog: (barely paying attention)
82) 4) dialog: I said if you were good.
82) 8) dialog: No. I said no, so he has to understand. They pass a Cinnabon outlet.
82) 9) dialog: Jack, you want a Cinnabon? You smell that?
82) 11) dialog: Cinnabon is good. You might like it.
82) 14) dialog: You are being really naughty Jack. Jack starts into a full on tantrum.
82) 15) dialog: Suit yourself. She grabs him to carry him out, but he pulls away. All th noise has drawn the attention of the people around them. couple of TEENAGERS approach Jack.
82) 18) dialog: Get the fuck away from him. Get the fuck away.
83) 0) text: Ma, Jack and Laura clamber into the car.
83) 4) dialog: Shit, shit, shit. Those assholes.
83) 8) dialog: Jesus Christ. Just buckle it, all right?
83) 10) dialog: That's how it works, all right?
83) 12) dialog: Well maybe I don't like you either!
83) 13) text: Laura pauses, Ma glowers.
83) 14) dialog: (angrily to Laura) Just go!
86) 0) text: Jack sits on the floor beside the bed watching Dora on Nancy's smart phone. Ma's who's been dozing sits up.
86) 1) dialog: Jack. Please turn that off. Jack keeps watching.
86) 2) dialog: Now. I mean it. Now.
86) 4) dialog: Jack! Please. Please. I'm begging you, please turn that off. Jack looks at her. She is twisted in pain at the sound of show. Jack switches it off.
86) 10) dialog: You've got so many other things to play with. You should try something else. He won't respond.
86) 11) dialog: Come on. Let's look at all your stuff. She drags him down to the living room.
87) 1) dialog: Look at all these toys. Most kids would love that stuff. You've barely even looked at them.
87) 3) dialog: Come on, Jack. He shuffles to the pile. Ma crouches - finds and rips ope box of Lego.
87) 4) dialog: It's pretty cool, right? You like it? Nancy steps in beside her daughter.
87) 5) dialog: He needs something real to do. I'm getting worried about him with the phone.
87) 7) dialog: I don't give him my phone so please don't give him yours.
87) 12) dialog: I just want him to connect to something. You know?
87) 14) dialog: I'm sorry, I don't know what's happening to me. I can't feel anything. Even for ... Her hand flings towards Jack. She chokes her words back.
87) 16) dialog: Don't judge me. You have no right. People walk around like the world is fine and normal but it's not. Nancy tries to put her hand on Ma's arm.
87) 17) dialog: Don't! I can't bear it. I thought this would be heaven, but it's worse. Can you understand that?
87) 19) dialog: (recovering, closing the crack of vulnerability)
87) 22) dialog: (wiping away tears)
87) 27) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry!
87) 29) dialog: You think you know what's in my head. Trust me, you couldn't handle it.
87) 31) dialog: So you're seeing that every time you look at me? Great.
87) 33) dialog: Yeah, well you seemed to get on OK without me.
87) 35) dialog: Actually, that's exactly what I think.
87) 41) dialog: Don't you ever tell me how to look after my son. I'm sorry if I'm not `nice' enough for you. Maybe if you hadn't been in my head saying `be nice' that day I wouldn't have gone to help him.
87) 43) dialog: (storming out) This isn't even my house anymore. I don't know what this is.
87) 44) text: Ma leaves.    Jack shakes his head. Holds back tears.
89) 0) text: Jack wanders in. Ma is sitting on the bed. She seems calm
89) 1) dialog: Come here, Jack. He goes over and she wraps her arms around him. He cuddle into her.
89) 2) dialog: You know, Jack, we're going to have to move away from here someday. We're going to have to get our own house. And a yard. We're going to have to do all kinds of things.
90) 0) text: Cube vans rolling up. He sees a woman, slick, driven, 50s out of an SUV. This is the Hostess, the same one we saw o in Room.
91) 0) text: Jack is fascinated by the machinery. The boxes, cords, tripods and lights. He stands near the camera crew, listening to them talk, watching them set up their gear.
92) 0) text: Jack, looking through the back window, watches the camera crew follow his mom and the hostess around the yard. They pretend to talk. Ma is dressed in her best outfit. Nancy approaches Jack.
95) 0) text: Jack edges into the living room, finding an enthralling circle of lights and cameras focussed on his mother and t hostess in their chairs. The center of the room is shadowless and ultra-vivid, exp by many bounces and fills. Ma and the Hostess face each o in two armchairs brought in for the occasion.
95) 10) dialog: Thank you. Thank you so much. I hope they all know how much their thoughts and prayers have meant the last few weeks. To our whole family. Jack is enthralled.
95) 12) dialog: He is. He's my life. I never could have survived without him.
95) 14) dialog: I... I didn't think about it. I didn't plan it. When I found out I was pregnant with Jack, it just seemed like a terrible joke. You know? To bring someone into that place, it just seemed so wrong. I was in a very scary frame of mind. I thought the devil was controlling my life. In a way he was. Ma makes an effort to control her emotions.
95) 17) text: I'm getting the feeling my client needs to - Without taking her eyes off Ma, the Hostess holds her pal out to the lawyer. Her tone is brusque, matter of fact.
95) 21) dialog: Then, everything was different once Jack came, because he was so beautiful and I had to keep him safe. Ma, calmer, pulling herself together.
95) 23) dialog: Jack's not his. The Hostess thinks she's getting an astonishing scoop.
95) 25) dialog: A father's a man who loves his kid.
95) 27) dialog: That's not a relationship. Jack's nobody's but mine. The Hostess decides to change tack.
95) 29) dialog: In this whole story, that's the shocking detail? The hostess looks over a a colleague, down at her notes.
95) 31) dialog: Away?
95) 35) dialog: Why would I -
95) 37) dialog: He had me. She starts to stand, dragging her mic pack with her. The lawyer steps in. Chaos.
96) 0) text: Later. Hushed. Jack eating at the table. Leo reads the sports pages nearby, a silent companion. Jack can hear Ma, in the lounge, talking low to Nancy. He recognizes low sobs: Ma is crying. Jack stops eating halfway through a mouthful, can't swall
97) 0) text: Night. Jack wakes, sensing himself alone. No Ma in the be he touches the mark her body's left. No Ma in the room.
98) 6) text: Ma! Ma! An adult torso, Leo's, comes into the frame, driving with full force against the door which gives a little. Jack pu his face to the gap and sees Ma's hair spread out on the floor.
99) 0) text: A little later. Jack gets glimpses of chaos: on the bathr floor, TWO PARAMEDICS working on Ma (who responds just en that we know she's not dead), Nancy in the bathroom doorw Leo trying to calm her. But no sound.   It's as if Jack has been deafened by an explosion. Later: as Ma is carried out in the background, Jack sits the floor. We push in on him; he is hypnotized by the flashing ambulance lights on the wall.
101) 2) dialog: Is he there? Put him on.
101) 4) dialog: Jack?
101) 6) dialog: Are you doing OK? Jack is stumped by this question.
101) 8) dialog: What's that?
101) 11) dialog: I wish I could. I just need to -
102) 0) text: Jack sits in the space under the roof in Ma's bedroom pla with Lego.
105) 0) text: Jack wakes up alone. Minutes later we see him enter Ma's walk-in closet. Sound things being shifted around inside.
106) 0) text: Jack walks out to the landing with Ma's box of memorabili Moments later, journals and photos are spread around him. examines her year-books, photos of her as a child his own age.
109) 0) text: Jack walks out into the hallway and stops dead. Leo is standing there holding a small terrier dog.
115) 0) text: Jack plays with the Neighbor Boy and Seamus in the garden hears a tap tap tap and looks round. Ma is watching him through the glass back door. He runs to her as she opens door. They greet each other with nervous joy, without wor
116) 0) text: Jack and Ma sit beside each other on the bed.
116) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, Jack.
116) 5) dialog: I promise.
116) 7) dialog: Starting to be.
116) 9) dialog: I'll always keep this with me, Jack.
116) 13) dialog: I will never, ever let it go. When Grandma brought it to me, I... I knew I could get well. You saved me. Again. They sit placidly a moment. He reaches for her shirt.
116) 15) dialog: Sorry. There's none left. Jack think for a bit, accepts the new situation.
116) 18) dialog: I'm not a good enough Ma.
116) 20) dialog: I am. She puts her arm around him. They sit in a gentle silence
117) 0) text: Ma and Jack look out to sea.
118) 0) text: Ma and Jack water their new African Violet.
119) 0) text: Ma and Nancy are curled up together on the sofa. Leo is there, too. The adults laugh as Jack fools around with Seamus.
120) 0) text: Ma and Jack are parked outside a Mom &amp; Pop Burger Joi eat in the car.
121) 0) text: Jack and Ma walk in the darkness through quiet suburban streets.
122) 0) text: Ma and Jack sit in a hammock in the back yard. The weathe turning warmer.
122) 2) dialog: Definitely. Making new friends. Pause.
123) 0) text: A police car pulls up outside Old Nick's. Jack, Ma and Officer Parker get out. They stare at the house, still surrounded by crime-scene tape.
124) 0) text: The car port is now sealed off and the only way out back through the house. Jack follows Ma and Officer Parker ins It's tidy (except for a desk ransacked by police), anonymously banal: a leather suite, a cross-trainer, a fl screen TV.
125) 4) text: Dylan! Ma heads for the shed, Jack right behind her. Officer Parker stands nearby. There's a MALE OFFICER ther also, guarding the scene.
126) 0) text: They step in. Drawings stripped off the walls, furniture shifted: the magic's gone. Jack stares and sniffs the air
126) 2) dialog: Taken away for evidence. (explaining)
126) 3) text: Proof that we were here. Jack retraces their track marks around the bed. He draws in the fingerprint powder on the table. Their Plant is all shrivelled. Jack strokes it. Under the bed, he finds Eggsnake; touches the needle tong He comes back to the doorway, where Ma stands frozen. He measures his height with his hand: an inch over the 5. He hears bird song from the yard; patter of rain.
126) 5) dialog: What?
126) 7) dialog: Do you - would you like it closed? Jack shakes his head.
126) 10) dialog: I have to go now. Is there... anything you need? Jack looks around at the detritus of his childhood. Then walks to the wall behind the bed and pats it.
126) 12) dialog: Jack - He goes around Room fast, whispering his bye-byes.
126) 13) dialog: Please, Jack. He looks up at the skylight, rain running down it. He cli onto the table.
126) 15) text: Say bye-bye to Room. Ma says it but on mute.
127) 0) text: Crane up as Jack and Ma emerge from the shed, hand in han and walk away without looking back.