43) 42) dialog: My darling. They hug, the masks are quickly discarded. Dr. Mittal wat from the back of the room.
44) 0) text: Hospital roof garden. Jack sticks close to Ma. She is dre in track-suit bottoms and her old warm winter coat. Jack pajamas under his robe and a warm coat which doesn't quit fit. Ma has a pair of her old boots on, Jack has trainers They wear tinted glasses against the brightness of the da Jack is a strange sight, the part of his face not covered his mask (the others are unmasked) or woollen hat is smea in heavy sun screen. They sit with Robert and Nancy. Nanc smokes a slim cigarette. Jack watches her cigarette for a while, then his attention is snagged by a nurse pushing a old woman in a wheelchair. He is also fascinated by the s reflected in the mirrored glass of the building. Ma runs her hand along her coat.
44) 8) dialog: You're here.
44) 11) text: Robert and Nancy exchange glances.
44) 14) dialog: I'm working out of the Grand Rapids office.
44) 16) dialog: I live there now.
44) 18) dialog: We had to go our different ways. It was what we had to do.
44) 22) text: She stops herself. Robert suppresses his anger.
44) 23) dialog: People deal with things in their own way.
44) 31) dialog: The Doctor mentioned this other place where they could help you, because it's hard, you know, to suddenly -
44) 33) text: He has no idea what we've been through. Nothing could compare to that. Robert and Nancy sit with this.
44) 40) dialog: (in quickly)
44) 44) dialog: Leo's a good guy. Your mother is much happier. It's a good thing. Jack tugs at Ma.
44) 52) dialog: What .. what's he doing? Ma is surprised by her father's reaction. She barks at Ja
49) 0) text: Ma, Jack (masked, with sunglasses on), Nancy and Robert m towards the doors of the hospital where the Resident FBI agent waits for them. Robert is carrying the small bag th contains all of Ma and Jack's possessions. Ma puts her sunglasses on as they go through the doors.
52) 2) text: Jesus. Ma tidies her hair. Nancy, Robert and a LAWYER emerge from the first car. Nan manages an apologetic smile and half-wave to the neighbor who are watching from their own yards. RESIDENT AGENT leans in the driver's window to address Ma
53) 42) dialog: Lawyer says they are expecting a plea but can't rule out a trial. He wants to get into everything, I said it could wait.
53) 44) dialog: He thinks most of the press will move on in a couple days. I made it clear there'd be no more contact, statements. To respect the family. Robert has to hide his face.
53) 45) dialog: I'm sorry. Jack watches, as Robert collects himself.
53) 47) dialog: Thank you, yes. I'd like that very much. Scotch... whatever you have.
56) 0) text: Ma, with Jack pressed close to her, sits at the dining ta with Nancy, Robert and Leo. Desert. Jack is eating his fi bowl of ice-cream. He takes a big mouthful and holds his to his head. He tugs at Ma and she leans down so he can whisper to her.
56) 7) dialog: I'm going to turn in. Beat.
56) 9) dialog: No.
56) 13) dialog: It's been a long day. Beat.
56) 16) dialog: We don't have to talk about this now. From the carefulness and awkwardness of Robert's reply Na begins to understand.
56) 19) text: Yes we do. Look at him. Robert can't. Ma's anger deserts her.
56) 23) dialog: I can't, I can't... I'm sorry.
56) 27) dialog: What that bastard did to you.
56) 30) dialog: (to Nancy)
57) 0) text: Jack lies awake beside his sleeping mom. He hears footsteps. The door cracks open and a convoluted shadow appears, rimmed in light. The door opens wider and shadow resolves into Robert, watching his daughter and grandson sleep. Jack burrows into his pillow pretending t sleep. The door closes and soon he sleeps.