5) 11) dialog: Hi. Nice to meet you. It was interesting.
5) 20) dialog: He’s always shooting.
5) 27) dialog: When I was a child my dog was killed in front of me by two rottweilers. (she starts to laugh) I don’t know why I’m laughing. It’s not funny. I was five. My dad and I were walking our poodle which I had named Toto and these two rottweilers came bounding out of an open gate and just attacked. My dad flagged down a passing car and we climbed in the back and he covered my eyes so I couldn’t see Toto get mauled. She covers her face, she’s still laughing. 14.
6) 0) text: Josh and Cornelia sit next to each other. Josh is in the middle of talking to Jamie and Darby who face them across table.
6) 19) dialog: I keep trying to get Jamie to do something with before and afters. All humans love before and afters. Any TV show with before and afters will succeed.
6) 21) dialog: (shakes her head) Fuck you. He grabs her breast she smacks his hand playfully and ret to her phone and answers a text. Cornelia tries an accommodating smile.
6) 25) dialog: (shrugs, texting) Yeah, I make ice cream.
6) 27) dialog: It’s Jamie’s idea to sell it, I just do it because I like it.
6) 32) dialog: There was a mariachi band and a slip and slide.
6) 34) dialog: Jamie wanted a big wedding. It was amazing. Some rituals exist for a reason, you know.
6) 36) dialog: (looking up from a text) Isaac and Benny are walking the tracks.
6) 39) dialog: They’re at a Bar on Essex. You want to come?
6) 45) dialog: Yeah, thanks. Josh's hand remains on the check in preparation for it to taken from him. Nothing happens.
7) 0) text: Jamie and Darby unlock their bikes which are chained to a street-sign with old-school bike chains. Jamie attaches t chain to his pants like an accessory.
7) 2) dialog: Come by our place this weekend. (to Cornelia) I have my fall flavors. Jamie gives Josh an old Polaroid of himself and writes hi number on it with a sharpie. His handwriting is in all ca very precise.
7) 5) dialog: (to Josh and Cornelia) Jamie is always moving. I can’t leap as fast as that kid. I don’t move as quickly. They both pedal into the center of the street. The streetlight giving them a kind of glow. We MOVE in on Jos and Cornelia. They don’t know what hit them.
8) 24) dialog: What have you done to its eyes!?
8) 27) dialog: That’s Bad Cop. Where’s Good Cop? A black kitten comes out from under the couch. Darby hand the white one to Cornelia and gathers the other one.
8) 28) dialog: I love these kittens, but I hope they don’t grow up to be assholes because that can happen. 22.
8) 30) dialog: This isn’t even Williamsburg, it’s Bushwick. We were in Williamsburg, before then Park Slope, now we're here. (shrugs) We live where we’re supposed to live. She indicates a series of old typewriters.
8) 31) dialog: Jamie’s a collector. My decorating sensibilities veer towards 4th grade teacher. I like bulletin boards. We see the place now. It’s old, open, and has the feel of being haphazardly curated: from the mouse trap stuck to t molding to the flea market furniture to the VHS tapes of random movies stacked against the wall. A framed NY Times front page of the moon landing. A framed Polish poster of the Bob Dylan doc “Don’t Look Back.” A photo of Darby goi down a slip and slide in her wedding dress. Josh looks at a stack of records. Velvet Underground, Kin John Coltrane, Suicide, Serge Gainsbourg, Thin Lizzy...
8) 40) dialog: Okay -- Tipper lifts her long bare leg and scratches the bottom o her foot.
8) 43) dialog: (with a hint of disdain) That’s our roommate, Tipper. Jamie grabs a bag of bird seed from a counter, he opens a small door that leads to an outdoor landing. A chicken pa in a cage. Cornelia hesitates.
8) 50) dialog: I feel like there are people who don’t drop things as much as I do. (to Cornelia) I don’t keep things yar.
8) 52) dialog: (playful) Fuck you. Darby places down a home-made container with a hipster co it and four spoons. She and Jamie eat straight from the container. Josh and Cornelia follow.
8) 53) dialog: It’s an avocado and almond milk sorbet. Benny designed the container.
8) 67) dialog: Let’s try to remember it. They all sit in silence, racking their brains.
10) 0) text: Darby puts a worn Kris Kristofferson record on a turntabl She secures old-fashioned headphones to her head.
18) 2) dialog: Have you tried this? Someone at college figured out that if you put Jolly Ranchers in vodka for twenty- four hours -- it’s awesome. (nods to herself) Some kind of date rape genius. Cornelia drinks, she nods.
18) 4) dialog: You want to take a dance class with me?
22) 0) text: Darby and Cornelia walk together.
22) 2) dialog: (talking generally) I know, just like: have a baby. You’re cool, you know cool people who have a house and, I don’t know, just have a baby. You’re going to Mexican food and there’s a baby on the floor.
22) 4) dialog: I want a baby. Maybe I’1l just have a baby right now.
22) 6) dialog: I like kids who don’t speak English. (pause) When are you going to have babies?
22) 8) dialog: I’m sorry.
22) 10) dialog: I’m sorry. You don’t have to tell me.
23) 1) dialog: I like how you give Josh a hard time.
23) 3) dialog: It reminds me of my mom.
23) 5) dialog: No, with my brother. Cornelia frowns. 19 20 21 22 23 37.
23) 6) dialog: Yeah, she'd yell at him but iron all his weird racing T-shirts. I mother Jamie. Darby smells her underarms and makes a face.
23) 7) dialog: Sorry, I stink. She changes into a tank-top and baggy track pants. Cornel puts on a leotard.
23) 9) dialog: Hip hop. Tupac’s “Hit Em Up” blasts on and the women start doing 9 music video dance moves. Cornelia tries to keep up, but looks less like a fly girl than a farmer doing a hoe-down Tupac continues over:
25) 0) text: Jamie, Darby, Cornelia and Josh (in his new porkpie hat w he’1l wear from now on) walk along the outdoor tracks. A train rushes by on another track. Darby squeals with delight. Jamie whoops. Cornelia and Josh look terrified.
31) 3) dialog: This is our twenties!
31) 14) dialog: (under her breath) This shaman is kind of a d-bag. The woman next to Josh grabs a bucket and pukes.
31) 32) dialog: I was falling asleep today on the L train and you know how your brain gets in these loops? I couldn’t remember the shape of a pineapple: “Are they like pears?” No, they’re like footballs with the ends cut off. It’s hard to call to mind the shapes of things. Do you find that? She vomits.
36) 8) dialog: Connecticut has the best thrifting. He'll drop us off before they do their filming.
40) 21) dialog: I keep trying to get people to agree with me on this: I hate Tipper.
41) 0) text: Antiques and vintage clothing. Darby helps Cornelia lace a corset.
41) 1) dialog: She ends every word she can with “ish.” I thought she was making fun of this way of talking until it was clear that she wasn’t.
41) 3) dialog: Exactly! But it’s low-key so you don’t notice it. I shouldn’t shit- talk Tipper. I have so many things.
41) 5) dialog: No, Jamie was only in Santa Cruz for a semester. (MORE )
41) 7) dialog: His dad worked for a medical supply company that was contracted by the army and they were never in one place very long. Jamie can be at home anywhere.
42) 0) text: The four of them and Tipper in a booth. Jamie and Tipper have just finished telling Darby and Cornelia about the d Josh is looking at something on his phone.
42) 3) dialog: (petulant) We went to some dark places too. I bought a dress. Cornelia didn’t buy a corset.
44) 0) text: Josh comes outside, furious. Darby is making out with a Latino guy who looks like a gang member.
44) 2) dialog: Hey, sir.
44) 4) dialog: Shit’s bad. (pause) You want to get some goat?
45) 0) text: Josh and Darby eat at a table.
45) 1) dialog: Crushes fade. Things lose their luster, you know? Maybe I’m just down on relationships right now.
45) 3) dialog: Jamie’s in love with Jamie. 85.
45) 5) dialog: You know how no one will ever pick up just a male hitchhiker? But if it’s a couple, you might pull over? I’m the girl so you'll pull over and pick up Jamie. (pause) Doing ayawasca I realized I never forgave my mom for dying and until I do I’1l never have a decent relationship with a guy.
45) 7) dialog: When I was in highschool. She had ovarian cancer.
45) 9) dialog: Why’d you let Jamie use your scholar?
45) 11) dialog: (with sympathy) Oh, Josh... You’re such a man-fox.
45) 13) dialog: Because you’re like a hot dad. Without children. Suddenly, she pulls her chair over to him, leans in, and kisses him on the mouth. He slowly moves away.
45) 15) dialog: This is the part where I say, “I was a bet?!”
45) 17) dialog: You know those romantic comedies where the girl was a bet? He nods. She nods too.
45) 18) dialog: Yeah. Just because they did, doesn’t mean we have to.
45) 20) dialog: She never told you? Jamie and Cornelia made out at the ayawasca. It was in the Papyrus reeds behind the pyramids. Josh looks staggered.
45) 21) dialog: I'm sorry, I stole one of Tipper’s adderalls. You want to go dancing?
52) 0) text: Darby opens the door. A duffle bag and suitcase, computer and cat carrier with mewing cats are at her feet. Josh enters. He’s sweaty and dirty and angry and out of breath from the trip.
52) 2) dialog: He’s not here.
52) 4) dialog: (embarrassed) Tampa. If I stay here any longer I‘1l girl interrupt.
52) 6) dialog: (with real feeling) Oh...Kent...I love Kent...
52) 8) dialog: Well played, sir.
52) 10) dialog: Jamie doesn’t want to disappoint you. None of us want to disappoint you. (MORE )
52) 12) dialog: You're such a purist. Jamie would never have made the movie without Afghanistan. When I told him about Kent and the massacre he thought it would make a good movie. He just had to figure out how to tell it.
52) 14) dialog: It’s more entertaining this way. (beat) And now it has a before and after which, as you know, Americans love.
52) 16) dialog: Jamie does whatever he wants.
52) 18) dialog: I don’t like to meddle with people. If they’re going to change, they’1l change.
52) 20) dialog: He’s at your father-in-law’s tribute.
52) 22) dialog: I can give you a jacket. And you can take Jamie’s roller blades.
52) 24) dialog: (she goes to retrieve the items ) You know, me and Jamie always wondered how are we going to get old and the answer is: just like everyone else.
74) 0) text: Darby, her hair in a braid, a name-tag on her shirt which a parrot on it, runs a net through mud. A motorboat behin her.
74) 2) dialog: This mud is filled with organisms. She sticks her hand in the mud and pulls out a worm-like thing.
74) 3) dialog: This is a nudibranch. And if you keep your eyes peeled you might spot a gopher tortoise or a woodstork.