58) 0) text: Weks and Turner's friend, SAM BARBER, a nice guy, and fearless, far beyond his physical strength. Barber is in a flak-j acket, arms held stiffly.
58) 1) dialog: This is ridicul ous. Converted to PDF by ww screentalk. org Revi sed Draft February 3, 1975 40.
58) 3) dialog: To pick up a fri end? ORDNANCE MAN drops another fl ak-j acket on the counter,
58) 8) dialog: | knew him before he was a bird, even. VW went to CCNY. WM wife, too.
58) 10) dialog: (You son of a bitch, but) Bef ore she saw the li ght. (t hen) Hey wll tell me what went on today?
58) 12) dialog: This morning. Those nurders.
60) 0) text: Bet ween the hotel and negl ected brownst ones: garbage c enpty crates and boxes. MWE IN to discover Wcks and Barber. Papers blow against their legs. Barber stamps his feet. Weks' adjustment to the cold is to remain motionles Qily one move: he opens his overcoat. Barber sees the move. It's alien behavior ... but he lets pass: in a fewnonents, his friend wll be here.
60) 2) dialog: Why?
60) 7) text: There's Sam Barber, standing against the wall. Converted to PDF by ww screentalk. org Revi sed Draft February 3, 1975 42.
60) 11) dialog: (screams) Hey! It's him What're y' doi ng                         TURNER di ves forward and to one side, CRASHING agai nst garbage cans... WCKS is unbel i evabl y Fl RING AT TURNER agai n! TURNER rolls over the garbage-cans, pulls the gun free. Thrusts it forward in both hands and pulls the trigger! T ECHO hanrers at the walls of the alley! RE-ECHO WCKS' leg is knocked fromunder him’ He falls, his thigh shattered.
60) 17) dialog: rooted, hypnotized! The stifled SQUND of the sil enced Magnum A SLUG RI PS THROUGH BARBER s throats, just above fl ak-j acket .
69) 0) text: H GGNS is on his feet; he's been briefing this group of t level men, the 54/12 Goup. READING fromthe Telex, now. Hi GG NS ‘Condor fired at us both.' (puts down Tel ex) That was the only statement they could get from Wceks before he went into the oper ating room Ci VI LIAN And the other man -- Barber? He's dead? Hi GG NS Bef ore he hit the ground.