5) 0) text: A shaft of morning sun blasts through the crack between t bottom of the shade and the windowsill, falling across th heads of the sleeping couple on the bed. It catches Marti Brody right across the eyes, bringing him up from sleep. The job is completed by the clock radio, which clicks on  with local fisherman's report and weather.
5) 2) text: Ellen Brody burrows her head under the covers, avoiding  morning for a few precious minutes more.
5) 3) dialog: How come the sun didn't used to shine  in here?
5) 5) text: We hear the scampering toenails of two cocker spaniels  scrabbling around the foot of the bed. Brody swings out o bed, wearing shorts, socks, and tee shirt.
5) 6) dialog: Right.
5) 8) dialog: Probably out in the back yard.
5) 10) dialog: The kids are in the yahd, playing  near the cah. How's that sound?
5) 12) dialog: Give me 30 years, I'll get it.
6) 0) text: Brody enters, sets down some dog food, goes to make coffe starts to fill kettle to boil water, the cold water rushe through and out the burnt-out bottom of the kettle.
6) 1) dialog: Did you burn another kettle? Y'know  you're a fire hazard? This is the  third one!
6) 3) dialog: Feed the dogs.
6) 4) text: Ellen Brody, a tall, attractive blonde woman, enters from upstairs. She's still slightly sleepy, not what you'd cal an "Instant-On" person. Mornings are not her best time.
6) 6) dialog: (looking through bag,  remembering) I used to wear this to the Garden.  Garbage strikes. Dog shit. Muggers. (he puts it all behind) Ship it.
6) 8) text: Before Brody can answer, Michael, his oldest boy, enters, holding his hand. There is bright new blood on it, but he sensibly unconcerned. It's a normal childhood scrape.
6) 10) dialog: On the swing? I told you not to play  near there until I sanded it down. (to Ellen) See what your son did?
6) 12) text: Michael goes on out and upstairs. Ellen fumbles in her po and produces Brody's new glasses, which she holds out to  him.
6) 14) dialog: Oh, yeah. (he puts them on) How do I look? Older, huh?
6) 16) text: Brody reacts to this, and bends to kiss her lightly. Then more seriously.
6) 17) dialog: Sexy, hm? What was I before?
6) 19) dialog: (as he goes to make  coffee, he fumbles  with the new glasses) I don't want to depend on these  things, y'know -В– sometimes you can  weaken your eyes.
6) 22) dialog: Let's see...
7) 0) text: Brody answers one of two phones on the wall.
7) 1) dialog: Brody... yeah, what's up... mmm...  Well, what do they usually do, float  or wash up? Really?... okay, I'll  meet both of you at the beach in (checks watch) ...20 minutes, okay? Okay. (hangs up) First goddamn weekend of the summer.
7) 5) dialog: (struggling to get  his shirt on over  his glasses) The office.
7) 8) dialog: Here? You gotta be kiddin'.
7) 10) dialog: Love ya.
8) 0) text: Martin Brody's Country Squire police wagon rushes past, t the view to an enormous billboard depicting a typical sum day in Amity. A beautiful model splashes in the gold surf languishing in a Solarcaine sun. AMITY WELCOMES YOU is wr above her flailing arms.
9) 1) text: Deputy Hendricks is searching the shore about one hundred yards down wind. Meanwhile, Brody, in his casual police  attire, and Tom Cassidy, still in the clothing we saw him last night, walk down the beach. Brody fingers the missin girl's shoes, purse and clothes. In the daylight, Cassidy misconducts himself, wavering between inflated maturity a tear-blown adolescence.
9) 2) dialog: Christine what?
9) 4) dialog: You picked her up on the ferry.
9) 6) dialog: And nobody else saw her in the water?
9) 8) dialog: Think she might've run out on you?
9) 10) dialog: You from around here?
9) 12) dialog: You here for the summer?
9) 14) dialog: (genuinely curious) What d'you pay for a place just for  the summer?
9) 16) dialog: Pretty stiff.
9) 18) dialog: Maybe that's your girl.
9) 19) text: Brody runs toward Hendricks, Cassidy hesitates, then foll with:
10) 0) text: Brody walks through the door and enters his office, holdi a fizzing glass of Alka-Seltzer. Polly, his sixty-one yea old secretary follows close on his heels with her shortha pad of messages and reminders. In the outer office, Hendricks and Cassidy slump into cha sipping from fizzing dixie cups. Brody dips into file drawers for the appropriate forms. H gently turns on Polly, who is behind him.
10) 1) dialog: If this is going to work, you've got  to keep current stuff out here, and  put 'closed' files in there. The  'Pendings' stay on my desk, okay?
10) 2) text: Brody slips behind his typewriter, putting paper in the  machine with the effortless ease of years of practice. He obviously no stranger to paperwork. He touch types, hardl ever looking down, checking his notes and listening with ear to Polly. He is affected by what he's seen, but there's work to be  done.
10) 8) text: Brody nestles the phone between ear and collar, listening as he turns to the typewriter.
10) 9) dialog: Jesus, Santos.
10) 11) dialog: leans forward, staring at what he just wrote. Polly cocks her head and removes the phone from his ear.
10) 13) text: Brody takes a breath. A new resolve comes over him.
10) 14) dialog: Polly, I want to know what water  recreation is on for today.
10) 16) text: Brody gets up and moves hastily toward the door.
10) 18) dialog: (To Hendricks) Where'd you hide the 'Beach Closed'  signs?
10) 22) text: Brody pushes past him and out the door.
11) 0) text: In the busy center of a town preparing for the big Fourth July weekend, Brody wends his way around sidewalk activit purpose and haste in each stride. As he turns a corner a  little man in a white smock emerges from the Funeral Parl This is Carl Santos, Amity's part-time coroner. Santos lo both ways before crossing Colonial Drive. Brody passes Keisel's Bicycle Rental, navigating an awkwa course through an odd assortment of Schwinns that line th sidewalk in front of a demolished white picket fence. Kei intercepts Brody on the run.
11) 2) text: Brody nods yes, and starts to move away, but Keisel holds to him.
11) 6) dialog: Call me later in the day, okay, Harry?
13) 0) text: Brody emerges with enough poster-board, wooden stakes, na paint, and brushes to close every beach on the island. He starts back the way he came when Hendricks shoots up the  street in the patrol jeep. He stops fast enough to call  attention, leans out the window.
13) 2) dialog: (hands him the sign  material) Get out of there В– take these back  to the office and make up some 'Beach  Closed' signs, and let Polly do the  printing.
14) 0) text: Revealing Larry Vaughn, the Mayor of Amity, exchanging  anxieties with Ben Meadows and Coroner Santos and two oth city Selectmen. They come out in a group, reach the sunli and squint down the street as Brody careens around the co and out of sight. Deputy Hendricks, laden with his arts a crafts, passes them on the street front.
16) 0) text: Two older Seascouts look on with stop watches and clipboa while some Parents shade their eyes from the sun, watchin their offspring. Brody pulls up in the Amity Police jeep, and starts toward the people. Behind him, Vaughn's Cadill pulls up and skids to a stop. In it are Vaughn, Meadows, Doctor, maybe a Selectman, and Hendricks, with his arms s full of sign material. Vaughn intercepts Brody, the other circle around him, effectively slowing his progress throu the sand to the scouts.
16) 2) dialog: Do I need any more authority?
16) 5) dialog: Now tell me something I don't know.
16) 7) dialog: So we should set out a smorgasbord?
16) 9) dialog: What else could've done that?
16) 16) dialog: (interrupting the  merriment) Doctor, you're the one who told me  what it was!
16) 20) dialog: I was only reacting to what I was  told.
16) 21) text: Brody looks out to the water where the scouts are roundin another buoy on the home stretch.
16) 24) dialog: I can't work in a vacuum. Why don't  you make Hendricks Chief? His family's  been here since the Puritans -- half  this island are his cousins.
16) 30) text: The others surround Brody as Vaughn leads the way back to the cars, ad libbing their problem with the little karate choppers. Hendricks puts the signs back into the trunk of Vaughn's  Cadillac. Vaughn waves casually to the Scouts and swimmer who are vigorously toweling off in the background.
19) 6) text: Brody (and we) hear a shrill scream from the water. He  stretches to look past the group, to see what's happening out there.
19) 9) dialog: (to Taft) What?
19) 15) text: Brody rumples his hair and sets him off to play.
19) 22) text: Alex starts for the ocean. Behind him, Michael and his ga are also heading for the inviting waves. Brody is watchin them go, his spine rigid with tension.
19) 34) dialog: (to Keisel) How's the water?
19) 37) dialog: Ow. (he sees something) He's gotta be more careful in the  water...
19) 48) dialog: He leaps to his feet, nearly knocking Ellen over, and sta for the water.
19) 50) text: Brody is pelting towards the water. He kicks sand over an annoyed Mrs. Kintner, who looks up, just in time to hear  Brody's bellow.
19) 51) dialog: Michael! Sean! Out of the water.  Everybody out of the water! Michael!  Get out!
19) 53) dialog: He rushes into the water, up to his ankles, and suddenly  stops, unable to move into deeper water. He is urging Mic out, holding his hands out to his son, who is slogging th the surf towards his dad. He stands there immobilized by water, nervously helping people out of it onto the beach.
20) 4) dialog: Look, I've got to talk to her. This  isn't a contest we want the whole  country entering.
20) 6) dialog: I'm responsible for public safety  around here...
21) 4) dialog: (stepping in) I'd like to tell you what we're doing  so far. These are some of the steps  I've taken as Chief of Police...
21) 7) dialog: I'll get to that in a minute. First,  I plan to start our seasonal summer  help early, and to use shark spotters  on beaches open to the sea. I'd like  cooperation from local fishermen,  and I've also contacted the  Oceanographic Institute over on the  mainland.
21) 10) dialog: Larry and I have also decided to  close the beaches for a short time.
21) 13) dialog: I didn't agree to that!
22) 1) dialog: his reading glasses reflecting a stack of twelve library  books, all on the subject of sharks and shark attacks. Th door opens and Ellen enters, quietly, in respect for Brod mood.
22) 3) dialog: Love a cup of tea. With lemon.
22) 4) text: Ellen walks past Brody to the window and looks out the wi which overlooks the south bay. It is the hour of dusk.
22) 6) dialog: Where is he?
22) 8) text: Brody gets up, concerned, and joins her at the window.
22) 11) dialog: Son! -- Out of the water now!
22) 13) dialog: (turning to Ellen) I want him out of the ocean.
22) 15) dialog: (angry now) Michael! Come inside!
22) 17) dialog: I told him not to go out until he  memorized the handbook and the safety  safety regulations, until he was  sure of himself...
23) 39) dialog: That wasn't funny.
23) 42) dialog: Looks more like the readers of the  National Enquirer.
23) 49) dialog: Hey! You know how many men that's  supposed to hold?
23) 51) dialog: What you got ain't safe. You take  some guys off or you don't go out.
23) 55) text: He's standing near where Brody is finishing after his  encounter with the chummers. Brody approaches Ben Gardner.
23) 56) dialog: You going out too, Ben?
23) 59) text: A particularly awkward moment between a small sailboat an couple of powerboats. The sailboat is trying to hoist sai to make it away from the pier under sail, a real yachtsma conceit, since Hornblower himself probably couldn't navig through this mess. Brody, a landlubber for sure, is tryin to direct traffic to untangle this new mess.
23) 60) dialog: Just back up! No, the other way! Cut  it to your left! Your other left!  The big boat, your front end is out  way too far. Little boat, stay still!
23) 68) dialog: Thanks.
23) 69) text: Brody starts back towards the shore, Hooper is by his sid
23) 71) text: Before he can finish, Brody spots something on shore that moves him to shout to his deputy.
23) 73) text: Brody looks, and stops by a boat that's about to cast off He holds out his hand.
23) 74) dialog: If that's dynamite, give it here, or  don't leave port.
23) 76) dialog: Hand it over.
23) 77) text: The man passes Brody a cigar box filled with dynamite sti Brody tucks the dynamite under his arm, and continues dow the pier. Hooper is still with him. All around them are two distinctly different breeds; the  quiet pros, like Ben Gardner, in well-worn, comfortable  clothes, with efficient, sensible gear, and the amateur  crazies, with all manner of weapons and impractical, sill tourist clothing.
24) 0) text: Brody is on the phone, talking to his office, trying to g Hendricks' attention. He throws a handful of washers at t window.
24) 2) dialog: You're tellin' me. I swear, this  town has gone crazy.
24) 4) dialog: Who are you?
25) 1) dialog: Let's show Mr. Hooper our accident.
25) 7) dialog: No, it was local jurisdiction.
25) 9) dialog: No, we just checked the beach...
26) 2) text: As he and the photographer turn to mob, we see Hooper and Brody arriving from the morgue. Hooper immediately heads  towards the shark, while Brody pauses and we see a look o relief and delight cross his features.
26) 4) dialog: (crossing to men around  shark) You did it! Did Ben Gardner catch  this?
26) 10) text: The men (Felix, Pratt, et al) get Brody to join them in t shot. The whole town and the Armada fishermen all line up a classic "high school" graduating class shot with the  victorious fishermen kneeling in front, and the rest of t Armada and Townspeople arranged behind them. Hendricks ho up the "Beach Closed" sign in ironic victory.
26) 11) text: Brody spots the Mayor coming towards the dock, and detach himself from the group to join him.
26) 12) dialog: Larry, if you'd see these clowns  leave, you'd never believe they'd  come back with anything. But they  got him!
26) 14) dialog: Sure he is.
26) 20) dialog: Matt Hooper, the specialist they  send down from the Oceanographic  Institute.
26) 22) text: Brody and Vaughn are by now near the circle of fishermen, who are surrounding Hooper, raising their voices at him.
26) 26) dialog: What d'ya mean?
26) 30) dialog: Why not, Larry? We could get a  positive confirmation that way.
26) 42) text: She stops, unable to continue. Her father takes her arm a leads her away. Pratt, Harry and the others trail off aft her. During the rest of the scene, the camera tightens in Brody to the exclusion of the others.
26) 45) text: Before Hooper can finish, Brody's shoulders slump and he  goes slack.
26) 46) dialog: (almost to himself) She's right.
26) 48) dialog: I'm going home.
27) 0) text: Brody and Ellen, Sean and Michael, have all finished dinn Brody's plate is untouched, a virgin meatloaf. His glass, the other hand, is well used, with the remnants of a stif scotch and ice. He is staring across the table at the  youngest, Sean, who makes a face at him. He makes a face  back. They play this game together for a few minutes.
27) 1) dialog: C'mere and give Daddy a kiss.
27) 3) dialog: Because he needs it.
27) 4) text: Sean gives Daddy the kiss. Brody shoos him and Michael of to bed. Ellen, who is feeling progressively more left out with each passing moment, gets up abruptly and clears a f dishes. Brody is not letting her into his world for the  moment, and it shows. There's a knock at the door.
27) 9) text: Hooper enters. He's carrying a couple of bottles of wine  which he picked up in town. He sits down near Brody.
27) 14) dialog: Swell.
27) 19) text: Brody begins stripping the foil off the wine, screwing in corkscrew, etc.
27) 24) dialog: How come you have to tell them that?
27) 27) text: Brody has the cork out of the wine. Pop.
27) 29) text: Brody takes the fine wine, and pours it into his drink gl filling the tumbler to the top with ice cubes, diluted sc and the wine.
27) 31) dialog: Let's all have a drink.
27) 33) dialog: You too, sweetheart...
27) 45) dialog: Drowning. Lemme ask you something.  Is it true most attacks take place  in three feet of water, around 10  feet from the beach?
27) 47) dialog: Something else. Do most attacks go  unreported?
27) 49) dialog: There's a kind of a lone shark,  called, uh...
27) 51) dialog: Yeah. Rogue. Picks out an area where  there's food and hangs out there as  long as the food supply lasts?
27) 53) dialog: And before 1900, when people first  starting swimming for recreation,  before public bathing and resorts,  there were very few shark attacks,  cause sharks didn't know what they  were missing?
27) 55) text: Brody digests all this; confirmation of facts he has glea in his newly acquired knowledge of the shark species. There is a long pause.
27) 56) dialog: Why don't we have one more drink,  you and I, and then we go down and  cut open that old shark and see for  sure what's inside him, or not.
27) 58) dialog: I am Chief of Police. I can do  anything I want. (to Hooper) You want to come?
28) 2) dialog: What stinks so bad?
28) 8) text: From his vantage point, Quint watches, unseen by the two  men. Brody is holding the light, fighting the gag reflex,  fascinated by the bizarre ritual.
28) 9) dialog: What's that?
28) 11) dialog: What? What?!
28) 13) dialog: How can you tell?
28) 15) dialog: He ate a car?
28) 19) dialog: What do we do?
28) 21) dialog: Chum?
29) 0) text: We see Brody, looking sick and nervous, holding on anxiou as the "Fascinatin' Rhythm" moves slowly ahead trolling a night. His glasses are already flecked with the white sal of dried seawater. He is wearing a life-preserver. Hooper is at the wheel, a chart spread in front of him, h eyes scanning the sea restlessly, checking the dials and  gauges in front of him as well as the electronic depth-fi and "fish-finder" gear mounted in the cockpit. A green gl shines from the instruments on his face. Two closed-circu TV cameras mounted below the hull flash their pictures on monitors in the dash. In the aisle between the seats is a large container fille with unpleasant-looking bait; Hooper is long-lining for s of shark, and chumming.
29) 2) text: Brody, bored, tired, and slightly queasy, is trying to  concentrate on anything but the motion of the boat. He st at the sophisticated electronics displays.
29) 3) dialog: What is all this stuff?
29) 5) dialog: Can you tell from that if a big man- eater is around?
29) 9) dialog: Where'd you get all this?
29) 11) dialog: You're at the Institute full time?  Or do you have a job?
29) 13) dialog: We gotta get back soon...
29) 15) dialog: He hears something, his eyes widen. It is the "bump-thump of something scraping the hull.
29) 16) dialog: Hey!
29) 17) text: Hooper looks up and cuts the wheel hard, as the same time dropping the engines into neutral, and then reverse. The  sudden change throws Brody to his knees.
29) 18) dialog: What the hell?
29) 21) dialog: That's Ben Gardner's boat! It's the  Flicka! Ben? Ben!
29) 27) dialog: What happened?
29) 30) dialog: Don't they have lifejackets or  something? An extra boat?
29) 35) dialog: Why don't we just tow it in?
29) 37) dialog: Be careful, for chrissake.
29) 39) dialog: He is studying the surface, trying to follow Hooper's  movements. Brody is forcing himself to stay at the edge o the boat by sheer willpower and grim determination. Brody fascinated by the sea like a bird facing a cobra. He is v much alone. He grasps a flashlight or boathook as a fragi defense against the unknown.
29) 46) dialog: You all right?
29) 48) dialog: No shark did that to a boat!
29) 51) text: Brody sinks weakly into a chair. Brody huddles in the ste Hooper kicks the engine in with a roar, and still a-shive with excitement, turns the boat and its grim tow back to  port.
30) 0) text: Next to the "Amity Welcomes You" billboard is a group of  selectmen, Vaughn, Meadows, Hendricks, and another deputy standing by with paint and brushes. Brody's wagon is ther along with a few other cars. Busy late afternoon traffic starting to pile up as early weekenders and curiosity see slow down to see what's happening. Behind the billboard, Brody and Hooper have gotten Vaughn one side. They are making a closely reasoned presentation him.
30) 1) dialog: There is a kind of shark called a  Great White Shark that every expert  in the world agrees is a maneater.
30) 3) dialog: There's no limits to where he can  strike, and we've had three attacks  and two deaths in the past few days.  It happened like this before, in  1916, when a Great White killed five  swimmers at Jones Beach, in Long  Island.
30) 5) dialog: A 4th of July beach is like ringing  a dinner bell, for Chrissake!
30) 7) dialog: We towed Ben Gardner's boat in, Larry;  he was dead and his boat was all  chewed up.
30) 14) dialog: We have got to close the beaches. We  have got to get someone to kill the  shark, we need non-corrosive mesh  netting, we need scientific support...  It's gonna cost money just to keep  the nuts out and save what we have.
30) 17) dialog: That means closing the beaches.
30) 19) text: He leads Brody around to the front of the billboard, on w we see that some pranksters have painted a huge shark fin the water behind the swimmer, so she looks now like a fra bather fleeing a pursuing monster.
30) 22) dialog: Wait a minute! I need you.
30) 25) dialog: Larry, we can re-open the beaches in  August.
31) 0) text: Two cavernous iron doors. Then a crack of vertical light six burly crewmen muscle them apart. The Amity ferry land is approaching, people in colorful outfits waiting docksi for the first filled-to-capacity shuttle of the summer se and -- Bach's Little Fugue is the musical accompaniment to this  wholly visual montage of disembarkation. The next two min should be treated like a "short film" taking into account all of the colors, episodes, faces and behavior of a vari of Americans who colonize Eastern resort communities for ninety-day season. Intercut with this montage is Brody's home, where Ellen,  Hooper and Brody are in sweaty, gritty all-out effort to  enlist some support. Elements in this montage include: A.  A train of cars trundling down the ramp, bumper to bu B.  Young Beautiful People from Princeton, Yale, NYU, wea knapsacks, toting luggage, babies riding in papoose rigs, energized children, senior citizens holding hands on the  pedestrian ramp, a few wheelchairs. C.  Hooper, bent over the phone: "I know it's a long week could you get me his home phone number? D.  Sidewalk vendors hawking "Shark Killed" souvenirs, bi photo "Personality Posters" of the dead tiger shark hung the dock. E.  Brody: "You're acting senior officer? Where's Chief P Officer Feldman? Where's the Coast Guard Executive Office F.  Souvenir stands selling Genuine Sharks Teeth from The Amity Killer Shark, Captured This Week. G.  Amity Cab Company, small blue Toyotas lined up with t college student drivers like a bomber wing. H.  Hooper:  "Well then, operator, could you try him in t dining room?" I.  Brody: "All I get is a recording. Is there some other number I could try...?" J.  Station wagons with pale winter faces pressed anxious to the window. Cadillacs with Rear Admirals at the helm,  their wives with blue hair remembering the way from years before. K.  Hooper: "When did he check out? Did he leave another  phone number?" L.  Brody: "How can I reach him in Chambers if he's not i Chambers?" M.  Little Karate Hands breaking picket fences. N.  Some local delinquents about 10 or 12 years old, towi behind their bicycles a little dead sand shark with signs "Amity Monster Shark." "Killed Here." 5 Cents a Hit." Etc Then six blonde and tanned Coney Island meatballs descend the ramp. They all wear Men's Club Lifeguard patches and  matching collegiate windbreakers. They scour the landing, looking for someone to save. The boat is empty. Everybody heading inland, anticipating the best Fourth of July ever. Already there is debris on docks and the cleaning crew works away at it.
31) 4) dialog: What is this?
31) 6) text: Brody signs. The Officer shakes his head as Brody makes a error.
31) 7) dialog: I signed on the wrong line...
31) 9) text: Brody complies, shaking his head. The Officer snaps him a salute, jogs lightly back to his idling copter, buckles i and gives Brody a "thumbs up" as he lifts off in a flurry sand and ice-cream wrappers.
32) 0) text: And this is it -- the Dawn Patrol, the only forces that t frantic phone calling produced. Hendricks, and the regula summer extra deputies. The lifeguards. Half a dozen state troopers. Some deputies from neighboring towns, and a Coa Guard ensign with a handful of regulars in work dungarees Some of Hooper's friends from the institute. Brody and Hooper, badly in need of sleep, are watching th crew straggle in. Already the first of the holiday beach- goers are piling out of their cars in a brightly colored  cascade of beach balls, umbrellas, blankets, portable bar ques, radios, sun visors, reflectors, rafts, balls, tubes and newspapers. Hooper watches one such group: A Family of Ten getting ou of a camper-van. He watches in dismay as the family bumbl onto the beach for a day of fun in the sun. Brody addresses his troops, such as they are.
32) 1) dialog: I want to thank you guys from local  agencies for cooperating, and I hope  we won't actually be needing your  services. But I'm glad to have you  here.
32) 5) dialog: (a last caution) We're all on one channel, so let's  keep radio traffic to a minimum,  okay?
32) 8) dialog: I wish it would rain...
35) 10) text: The camera pans off him to a happy family headed for the  beach. MONITOR: CAMERA 3: Zooms in on the puffing face of the tu player. MONITOR: CAMERA 2: Brody and the Announcer. MONITOR: TAPE 1 and LINE: Back on the Announcer, his lips moving, but his sound turned off. We hear, instead, the s from Monitor Camera 2, Brody and the same Announcer.
35) 11) dialog: I'm sorry, I just don't have the  time.
36) 7) text: A group of youngsters playing with Michael Brody's dinghy They are hauling it toward the surf.
36) 8) dialog: Hey Mikey -- !
36) 9) text: Michael turns as Brody trots toward him.
36) 10) dialog: You're not going to the ocean with  that, are you son?
36) 12) dialog: Do me this favor just once. Use the  ponds.
36) 14) dialog: Just a favor for your old man.
36) 25) dialog: Everybody out! Out of the water,  please -- leave the water, please --
36) 27) dialog: shouting hysterically.
36) 28) dialog: No whistles! No whistles!
36) 35) text: Horrified faces. Some are stunned and wandering in slow,  tentative circles, while others are helped out by friends Five people try to mount a rubber raft. Ugly reminders that each of us is Number One. Brody enters shot, yelling into his walkie-talkie, someon charges past him to help an old man out of the water.
37) 0) text: Dragging the helpless from the surf. Tears well in Brody' eyes. The screaming is deafening. The TV unit is hopping and down in rage and frustration.
37) 17) dialog: He turns. Oh God! Running through the slogging sand.
37) 24) dialog: (feeling his face) He's in shock. Get blankets!
37) 25) text: People gather and Brody snatches beach towels out of thei hands. They cover Michael and carry him off the beach, fe raised above his head.
38) 0) text: Michael is wheeled out in the bed. Brody and Ellen are th Sean is sleepy in Brody's arms. Vaughn is waiting in the  hall.
38) 4) dialog: (sees Vaughn) Here -- (gives baby to Ellen) Take him home.
38) 6) dialog: No. Home here.
38) 8) dialog: (crossing to Vaughn) Got a pen on you?
38) 10) dialog: There's only one thing you're good  for anymore -- signing a damn voucher.  Here. It's an authorization to employ  a contractor.
38) 12) dialog: (interrupting) I'm going to hire Quint to kill the  fish. I want to see that shark dead.
38) 14) dialog: Forget it. This summer's had it. Next summer's had it. You're the  mayor of Shark City. You wanted to  keep the beaches open. What happens  when the town finds out about that?
38) 16) dialog: The best interest in this town would  be to see that fish belly-up in the  water with a hole in his head. You  do the right thing. You authorize  me. (indicates paper) Right there. Whatever it costs.
38) 18) dialog: Just sign it, Larry.
38) 19) text: Vaughn signs, and Brody takes the paper and exits.
38) 21) dialog: This has got to be one big  violation...
38) 26) dialog: What?
38) 28) dialog: I'm authorized by the township of  Amity to hire you as an independent  contractor. We'll meet your price.  $10,000.
38) 30) dialog: You got it.
38) 32) dialog: You got it.
38) 34) dialog: You got it.
38) 36) dialog: Two cases. And dinner when you land.
38) 38) text: Brody tastes.
38) 49) dialog: This is Matt Hooper...
38) 51) dialog: He's from the Oceanographic Institute.
38) 64) dialog: (interrupting) Hey. Knock it off. I don't want to  have to listen to this while we're  out there...
38) 66) dialog: It's my charter. My party.
38) 68) dialog: You got it.
39) 25) dialog: (to Ellen) Colorful, isn't he?
39) 27) dialog: Nothing to worry about -- I'll survive  this.
39) 29) text: Brody nods, and holds her hand for a wordless moment.
39) 32) dialog: Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum.
39) 34) dialog: Tell 'em I went fishin'!
39) 42) text: He starts moving gear around, preparing chum barrels, set hooks, Hooper gives him a hand, Brody stays out of the wa
40) 2) text: The shark takes the bait, Quint brutally and efficiently  sets the hook, and reels the shark alongside. He hauls it part way out of the water, and sticks it with a gaff. Hoo and Brody watch.
40) 5) text: He slices into the shark's underbelly. We hear the sound entrails plopping into the water. Brody is almost retchin and Hooper is just displeased.
41) 0) text: The Orca is drifting in neutral. The ocean is like gelati the sun sucking heat waves from its surface. Brody at the stern, handkerchief on his head to protect from further  sunburn, has been handed the slimiest job on a shark hunt the ladling out of chum. There are several empty chum bar A flag buoy bobs in the wake of the boat, another waits t be tossed over the side. Brody is reeling with nausea. He opens his overnight kit and takes out a handkerchief and  some Old Spice after-shave. He pours the after-shave into the cloth, presses it to his nose. Hooper is also in the  stern.
41) 2) dialog: Who's driving the boat?
41) 8) text: Brody goes to unlash a fresh barrel, but can't figure out the knots. He finally tugs on a piece of rope, and it all comes loose... barrel, shark cage, and, most important,  Hooper's tanks, clattering and rolling on the deck.
41) 15) text: Brody shades his eyes from the white sun as Quint baits u
41) 16) dialog: (croaky) Why are we way out here, when the  shark's back there?
41) 24) text: Quint tightens drag and strikes. The line goes whizzing o Brody runs to Quint's side. Hooper springs up to the flyi bridge.
41) 25) dialog: You got it?
41) 27) text: Brody goes to get water, the boat surges, he staggers. Br pours water on the screaming reel, nearly unspooled now. Hooper is turning the boat around and the line changes  direction.
41) 36) text: He ad libs brief instructions to Brody as the line rushes out and there is less tension. Quint is horsing up and do reeling in.
41) 45) text: The leaders show above the water line. Brody is wide-eyed waiting for that first look.
41) 46) dialog: The wire's showing!
41) 51) text: Before he realizes what's happening, Brody is clumsily  clutching at the big rod, appalled. Quint skips away for flying gaff. He picks one, turns... That's when the leader lashes free, sending Hooper crashi backward in a serious fall, and the rod whips at Brody's  forehead, drawing blood. Quint snatches up the rod and re in. The wires have been bitten through.
41) 55) dialog: What's the point with hooks and Lines? --
41) 57) text: Hooper shakes off his dizziness and obeys. Brody watches  Quint rig up a new leader, hook up the same bait.
41) 58) dialog: (nursing forehead,  gesturing at rod and  reel) How -- if they're gonna keep on  breaking?
41) 60) text: Brody goes inside to inspect his forehead.
41) 65) text: Hooper cuts the engines as Quint swings nimbly down. He s stock still on the main deck, motioning Brody to be silen Then picking up the newly rigged rod, Quint softshoes it  over to the chair. About to sit down, he freezes.
41) 67) dialog: staring, eyes widening.
41) 75) dialog: What do we do? Get some help? Radio  in?
41) 76) text: Quint ignores him and moves off into the pilot house, whe he swiftly takes out his green case, and opens it to begi to assemble something inside it. Brody is alone on the de with Hooper.
41) 77) dialog: How're we gonna handle this?
41) 101) text: Quint moves up toward the bow, Brody goes up to the flyin bridge to take the wheel, Hooper starts for the foredeck, but stops to rummage in his kit, throwing gear around as desperately hunts for something.
41) 105) text: He guides Brody with hand signals. Brody tries urgently t get it right, not to oversteer, to try to hold the big bo with its throbbing diesels on the course that Quint is  indicating.
41) 118) text: Hooper, furious with himself, runs for the flying bridge take the helm from Brody.
41) 123) text: He spins the wheel again, trying to make the big boat han like a formula speedster. The decks tip and the rigging s under the sudden strain. Brody is caught unaware, and tum off his feet, sliding across the deck to fetch up against wall. the M1 Rifle is close to his hand. He stares at it.
41) 125) dialog: Why don't we go in? Get another crack  at him tomorrow.
41) 128) dialog: Let's call in -- we can radio and  have a big boat here in an hour...
43) 0) text: Brody and Hooper at the table, Quint at the wheel, keepin his eye on the light.
43) 2) text: He corrects course slightly to keep the barrel buoy in si Hooper is sitting at the table, morose. Brody is staring a couple of open cans of beans or beef stew, or some othe crappy rations Quint has on board. Dirty spoons stuck in open cans show us this has not been a formal dinner. Quin fumbles on the chart shelf and produces some of his home  brew. He takes a pull, and hands it to Hooper, who takes a doub Brody touches the fresh abrasion on his forehead, where t fishing rod caught him. Quint bends forward and pulls his hair aside to show some near the crown.
43) 4) text: Brody looks politely. Hooper stirs himself.
43) 9) text: Brody is fascinated. Quint and Hooper take a long pull fr the bottle.
43) 17) text: Brody is drawn into their boasting comparisons. He secret checks his own appendix scar, decides not to enter the  contest.
43) 20) text: They toast each other. Brody looks around, sees the strob blink once through the darkened window.
43) 27) text: Brody lends a hand. The shirt slips part way off.
43) 33) dialog: (aside) C'mon. Middle appendix --
43) 35) text: Brody is looking at a small white patch on Quint's other  forearm.
43) 36) dialog: (pointing) What's that one, there?
43) 40) dialog: What's that, a ship?
45) 1) dialog: What the hell?
45) 5) text: Gradually, Hooper and Brody join in, and the pilothouse  becomes a warm cozy place.
47) 0) text: The song is continuing, and we hear the barest hint of a  scraping sound from the hull deep beneath the men. Quint' eyes abruptly narrow as his sensitive ears are the first hear the abrasion of his ship. Things vibrate on the shel Quint stops singing, Hooper and Brody continue a duet. Th scraping repeats, and Hooper now senses it. He drops out the song, leaving Brody singing solo.
47) 2) text: As Brody hears this and is about to stop singing, the boa is suddenly bumped from below, and the gentle scraping tu to a violent assault somewhere on the understructure of t vessel. Water bubbles up into the hold. Brody starts, and looks at the radio. He is about to move towards it when  Quint's urgent instructions stop him.
47) 4) dialog: Where...?
47) 6) text: He leaves Brody in the pilot house, and runs onto the dec grabbing his M-1 rifle as he goes. Brody hits a switch an we hear the pumps starting.
47) 13) text: Brody moves cautiously up to the bow.
47) 19) text: Hooper and Brody join in from their respective positions.
48) 0) text: Brody is at the wheel on the flying bridge, while Hooper Quint have a hatch up on the stern, and are working toget to repair the damaged rudder controls torn loose by the s Hooper is bucking the steel rod, while Quint is hammering away at the joint, trying to drive a new pin. The engine is idling. Bits of iron clutter the deck, alon with a few rough, outsized tools and greasy rags and gask
48) 2) text: Brody tries to comply.
48) 8) dialog: The barrel!
48) 18) dialog: His instincts shine -- as does his newly-acquired sense o direction.
48) 19) dialog: (top of his lungs) Shark! Starboard!
48) 26) dialog: (on bridge) That's it! Radio in for help!
48) 28) dialog: (coming down off the  bridge) Yeah, Captain, as soon as I make a  call.
48) 29) text: Brody heads for the radio in the pilot house.
49) 0) text: Brody picks up the radio, flicking on knobs and lights on the complex console.
49) 4) dialog: looking up in horror, covering his face.
49) 7) text: Brody's adrenaline turns his fear into rage. His glasses cracked or broken by flying pieces of radio. He seizes th bat, and pound the shattered radio for emphasis.
49) 8) dialog: Some great idea! Now where are we?   Some goddamn skipper you are. You're  certifiable, y'know that? You're a  real treat! Certifiable! Bananas!
49) 17) text: Brody emerges from the cabin as the rope zips overboard, the barrel, changing over, catapults into the air before  plunging into the ocean in a cloudy splash.
49) 18) dialog: (shouting to Quint) Did you get him in the head?
49) 30) text: He sinks it deep. We hear shots. As the new rope whips ou Brody can be seen standing on the gunwale, in regulation  police combat pistol stance, holding his .357 in both han firing at the shark's head. Quint shakes his head in amused disbelief at this, as the barrel goes over.
49) 32) dialog: I can't stand here doing nothing!
49) 36) text: He yells to Hooper and Brody as he swings behind the cont
49) 40) text: Together Brody and Hooper hook a barrel-rope and hold on dear life as the shark changes course.
49) 42) text: Brody and Hooper pull in with all they are worth as Quint helps out by wheeling in a circle. He laughs to himself,  enjoying the spectacle.
49) 59) text: Brody looks down at his feet. There is salt water up to t shoe tops.
49) 60) dialog: What about us?
49) 64) text: Quint tosses Brody the hand pump, then picks up his M-1, checks the load.
49) 68) dialog: Where'd he go?
49) 69) text: Brody looks around. Hooper on the flying bridge searching all directions. Quint is looking more appalled every seco
49) 71) dialog: Have you ever had one do this?
49) 73) text: Booming thud at the keel. Brody slides on the wet deck an Quint loses his footing, falling into Brody's arms.
49) 78) dialog: There! (points wildly)
49) 80) dialog: He's trying to sink us!
49) 82) text: Quint is grimly silent. Brody senses that Quint is in the fight of (and for) his life. The Orca taking evasive action. But the three barrels are closing the gap, the engines coughing and missing, destro themselves with every rotation of the damaged shaft. BRODY
49) 89) text: The Orca shudders from side to side. From Hooper's point view we can the shark gripping the transom in his jaws,  shaking the boat as he saws his massive head from side to side, trying to tear a chunk out of the very hull. Quint reloaded and is firing into the fish. Brody has a wicked  pointed gaff, and is swinging wildly at the snout, gashin and gouging it, trying for the eyes. The killing lust is all three men.
49) 96) dialog: (the awful realization) You gotta go in the water...
49) 102) text: Brody cranks the winch, hoisting cage and Hooper into the air. Quint balances the gin pole lines, Hooper crouching the cage, examining it for stresses; satisfied, he holds his hand. Quint puts the spear gun into it.
49) 105) text: Hooper inside, looking out the bars of the cage, gives Br a reassuring smile, then pops his mouthpiece between his  teeth and checks his regulator. Brody steps back, and wit Quint guiding the cage, begins lowering it off the gin po boom arm into the sea alongside the boat. Brody and Hooper stare at each another as their faces pas Hooper sliding down into the cold grey ocean. As Hooper disappears beneath the surface, Quint and Brody exchange a long look between them.
50) 11) text: The pole gives way, the rope whipping down on the gunwale the pulling of the tonnage below is tipping the Orca, dra it, but Quint won't give up the winch. Brody hauls on the rope barehanded.
50) 16) text: The shark breaks water right beside the Orca, rising with great whooshing noise. It rises vertically, towering over blocking out the sun. The pectoral fins seem to reach for The shark, in all of its monstrous glory, falls onto the  stern of the boat with a shattering crash, narrowly missi Quint and Brody. It drives the stern underwater, the ocea pours in over the transom. The jaws snap from side to sid Brody flounders backwards away from it.
50) 17) dialog: He is clinging to the mast for dear life, as the ship beg to tilt to stern, and everything starts to break loose ar him.
50) 20) dialog: He scrambles for his life onto the flying bridge, sees th 1 stuck there, seizes it.
50) 27) dialog: No... (notices something 
50) 30) dialog: What day is this?
50) 32) dialog: Think the tide's with us?
50) 34) dialog: Y'know, I used to hate the water...