23) 0) text: Selectman Denherder and his buddy, Charlie, a professiona angler, row towards a tumble-down jetty that leads fifty  feet out into the black water.
23) 2) dialog: It's only two-thirty. What, are you  tired?
23) 4) text: Denherder hefts a bloodstained laundry bag from the  wheelbarrow, revealing about a hundred feet of coiled dog chain and a large patched inner tube. Charlie takes out a monster hook and together they push the wheelbarrow onto rickety pier that is only about five feet across.
23) 6) dialog: Screw lamb -- let's shoot the sirloin!
23) 8) text: The splintered pier sways to and fro as the men reach the end and start to work. Charlie baits the hook with a mass chunk of sirloin while Denherder secures the loose end of chain to a skinny piling. Charlie then fastens the inner  tube to the chain five feet from the end of the hook.
23) 10) dialog: Set?
23) 11) text: Denherder tugs the chain against the piling to prove that is. Charlie heaves the bait. Splash! The inner tube follo and both men eagerly watch as it floats seaward, the chai playing out from the wheelbarrow.
23) 12) dialog: Tide's taking it right out.
23) 13) text: Charlie lights his pipe and sits back against a piling. H turns on his transistor radio and loops one end around a  fractured board. Denherder paces, bored to death.
23) 15) dialog: Twenty years.
23) 20) dialog: Look at him take it!
23) 22) dialog: Let him do it! Go-go-go-go-go!
23) 28) text: Charlie rolls into the water, sputters, turns to watch th flotilla of wood draw away.
23) 29) dialog: looking seaward.
23) 31) dialog: Holy Jesus Christ!
23) 34) text: Charlie, inhaling terror, trying to slog to shore. The je is getting closer. Suddenly, an enormous black fin breaks water like a periscope, making course corrections as it c for Charlie. Denherder jumps from piling to piling, almost losing his  balance on his way to help Charlie. Charlie has reached t last pylon toward open sea, and his hands clamber for a h But --
26) 17) text: Hooper enters the circle, and picks up where he left off, measuring the shark's teeth. Others watch him. Charlie an Denherder walk over to the shark. Charlie punches it.