5) 2) text: Ellen Brody burrows her head under the covers, avoiding  morning for a few precious minutes more.
5) 4) dialog: 'cause when we bought the house it  was Autumn. This is summer. Feed the  dogs.
5) 7) dialog: Do you see the kids?
5) 9) dialog: In Amity, you say 'Yahd.' (she gives it the  Boston sound)
5) 11) dialog: Like you're from N'Yawk. (gives it Brooklyn  sound)
6) 2) dialog: I never hear the whistle.
6) 4) text: Ellen Brody, a tall, attractive blonde woman, enters from upstairs. She's still slightly sleepy, not what you'd cal an "Instant-On" person. Mornings are not her best time.
6) 5) dialog: You want to go through those? (she indicates bag of  clothes) I'm taking them to the Thrift Shop.   It's Marcia Vaughn's pet charity.   Pick out what you want to keep --  it's mostly your city clothes.
6) 7) dialog: Don't be silly -В– You're going to  make summer better for them...
6) 11) dialog: Go upstairs and bring Mommy a band- aid.
6) 12) text: Michael goes on out and upstairs. Ellen fumbles in her po and produces Brody's new glasses, which she holds out to  him.
6) 13) dialog: Don't forget these.
6) 15) dialog: I think they make you look sexy.
6) 18) dialog: Older, sillier.
7) 2) text: Michael reenters in bathing trunks, with a towel on his  shoulder, his hand washed, holding a band-aid ready for  application. Ellen takes it, and bandages the finger with care and affection.
7) 3) dialog: There. (to Brody) What was that?
7) 6) text: He gets his shirt on with Ellen's help. She flicks imagin dust from the badge on his chest.
7) 7) dialog: Be careful.
7) 11) dialog: (kissing him back) Hey Chief. Bring my cup back.
19) 11) text: Ellen captures Sean, and holds him playfully, an example.
19) 12) dialog: What about this kid? What if he were  born here. That make him an islander?
19) 27) dialog: Do you want the boys to come in?  Honey, if you're worried...
19) 36) dialog: You're very tight, y'know? (digs in) Right there.
19) 49) dialog: What is it...?
19) 52) text: His urgency communicates itself to the others. Ellen snat Sean up from where he's been playing in the sand. Other  parents are calling their kids, hysteria mounting. People rush into the water, dragging their children and families bodily out of the ocean. The first kids coming out of the surf are frantically trying to wash the sticky blood off  their bodies. The sight of the red sends the beach into a full panic.
22) 2) dialog: Can you stand something to eat?
22) 4) text: Ellen walks past Brody to the window and looks out the wi which overlooks the south bay. It is the hour of dusk.
22) 5) dialog: Mikey loves his birthday present.
22) 7) dialog: (with a slight laugh) He's sitting in it.
22) 9) dialog: Honey. He has it tied up to the jetty  with a double-knot.
22) 14) dialog: It's three feet deep, Martin
22) 16) dialog: It's his birthday present, and you  closed the beach, Honey. I told him  not to go in the water after what  happened yesterday. I don't believe  he'll ever do it again.
22) 18) text: Ellen's eyes drift down to the open book, which is displa a reproduction of the famous painting "The Gulf Stream,"  showing a black fisherman in a small dinghy similar to  Michael's being assaulted by the jaws of three man-eating sharks, circling his boat.
22) 19) dialog: You heard your father! Out right  now!
27) 0) text: Brody and Ellen, Sean and Michael, have all finished dinn Brody's plate is untouched, a virgin meatloaf. His glass, the other hand, is well used, with the remnants of a stif scotch and ice. He is staring across the table at the  youngest, Sean, who makes a face at him. He makes a face  back. They play this game together for a few minutes.
27) 4) text: Sean gives Daddy the kiss. Brody shoos him and Michael of to bed. Ellen, who is feeling progressively more left out with each passing moment, gets up abruptly and clears a f dishes. Brody is not letting her into his world for the  moment, and it shows. There's a knock at the door.
27) 6) text: Ellen opens the door for him.
27) 8) dialog: So would I. Come on in.
27) 10) dialog: Would you like something? Some coffee?
27) 17) text: They laugh some more. Ellen is again left out of it.
27) 20) dialog: My husband tells me you're in sharks.
27) 22) dialog: You love sharks?
27) 25) dialog: Excuse me, but what are you talking  about? Didn't they catch the shark  this afternoon? It was on the Cape  station news.
27) 32) text: He extends the bottle to Hooper, who politely accepts a t sip. He takes some for himself, and offers some to Ellen.
27) 34) dialog: Thank you.
27) 36) dialog: You're leaving?
27) 38) dialog: Is that a boat?
27) 40) dialog: Like those Cousteau specials on  television? I think it's for the  kids, but I love them.
27) 42) dialog: I saw a show with sea otters, and a  big turtle... Mikey loved it. Made  me promise to get him one. Will you  live on the boat?
27) 44) dialog: Martin hates boats. Hates the water.  On the ferry to the mainland, he  sits in the car the whole way over.  He's got this childhood thing, there's  a clinical word for it.
27) 57) dialog: Can you do that?
27) 60) text: He gets up and they both start out. Ellen watches them go
31) 0) text: Two cavernous iron doors. Then a crack of vertical light six burly crewmen muscle them apart. The Amity ferry land is approaching, people in colorful outfits waiting docksi for the first filled-to-capacity shuttle of the summer se and -- Bach's Little Fugue is the musical accompaniment to this  wholly visual montage of disembarkation. The next two min should be treated like a "short film" taking into account all of the colors, episodes, faces and behavior of a vari of Americans who colonize Eastern resort communities for ninety-day season. Intercut with this montage is Brody's home, where Ellen,  Hooper and Brody are in sweaty, gritty all-out effort to  enlist some support. Elements in this montage include: A.  A train of cars trundling down the ramp, bumper to bu B.  Young Beautiful People from Princeton, Yale, NYU, wea knapsacks, toting luggage, babies riding in papoose rigs, energized children, senior citizens holding hands on the  pedestrian ramp, a few wheelchairs. C.  Hooper, bent over the phone: "I know it's a long week could you get me his home phone number? D.  Sidewalk vendors hawking "Shark Killed" souvenirs, bi photo "Personality Posters" of the dead tiger shark hung the dock. E.  Brody: "You're acting senior officer? Where's Chief P Officer Feldman? Where's the Coast Guard Executive Office F.  Souvenir stands selling Genuine Sharks Teeth from The Amity Killer Shark, Captured This Week. G.  Amity Cab Company, small blue Toyotas lined up with t college student drivers like a bomber wing. H.  Hooper:  "Well then, operator, could you try him in t dining room?" I.  Brody: "All I get is a recording. Is there some other number I could try...?" J.  Station wagons with pale winter faces pressed anxious to the window. Cadillacs with Rear Admirals at the helm,  their wives with blue hair remembering the way from years before. K.  Hooper: "When did he check out? Did he leave another  phone number?" L.  Brody: "How can I reach him in Chambers if he's not i Chambers?" M.  Little Karate Hands breaking picket fences. N.  Some local delinquents about 10 or 12 years old, towi behind their bicycles a little dead sand shark with signs "Amity Monster Shark." "Killed Here." 5 Cents a Hit." Etc Then six blonde and tanned Coney Island meatballs descend the ramp. They all wear Men's Club Lifeguard patches and  matching collegiate windbreakers. They scour the landing, looking for someone to save. The boat is empty. Everybody heading inland, anticipating the best Fourth of July ever. Already there is debris on docks and the cleaning crew works away at it.
35) 0) text: At least eight monitors, reflecting the outputs of three  cameras and two tape machines, as well as line, preview, effects monitors. MONITOR: CAMERA 1: Holding on a group of happy citizen-ba as they unpack their gear, wave to camera, run into the w MONITOR: CAMERA 2: The Repellent Line, set in place by Co Guardsmen in small boats, setting out floats, dumping  repellent into the ocean. MONITOR: CAMERA 3: Close on the Bandstand, where Amity's  band is playing lilting patriotic airs. After we've seen this activity, we can take a look at wha going on: the preparation of the tape segment for the six o'clock news.
37) 18) dialog: A sudden turn. She runs.
38) 0) text: Michael is wheeled out in the bed. Brody and Ellen are th Sean is sleepy in Brody's arms. Vaughn is waiting in the  hall.
38) 2) dialog: (to Michael) Hey, big guy -- you want anything  from home?
38) 5) dialog: Home... New York?
38) 7) text: Ellen exits.
39) 21) dialog: Did you take your dramamine? (Brody nods) Here.
39) 24) dialog: Is that him?
39) 26) dialog: You going to be all right?
39) 28) dialog: I'll see you back soon. There's an  extra pair of glasses in your black  socks, and there's some suntan lotion  and blistex in your kit.
39) 33) dialog: (hugging him) What'll I tell the kids?
39) 37) text: Its diesels chugging, the Orca pulls away from the pier. Ellen has already resolutely turned her back on it, and i walking off the dock back onto dry land.