9) 1) text: Deputy Hendricks is searching the shore about one hundred yards down wind. Meanwhile, Brody, in his casual police  attire, and Tom Cassidy, still in the clothing we saw him last night, walk down the beach. Brody fingers the missin girl's shoes, purse and clothes. In the daylight, Cassidy misconducts himself, wavering between inflated maturity a tear-blown adolescence.
9) 17) text: A shrill whistle makes them turn. Hendricks is fifty yard away, on his knees. He blows again, a feeble report this  time.
9) 19) text: Brody runs toward Hendricks, Cassidy hesitates, then foll with:
10) 0) text: Brody walks through the door and enters his office, holdi a fizzing glass of Alka-Seltzer. Polly, his sixty-one yea old secretary follows close on his heels with her shortha pad of messages and reminders. In the outer office, Hendricks and Cassidy slump into cha sipping from fizzing dixie cups. Brody dips into file drawers for the appropriate forms. H gently turns on Polly, who is behind him.
10) 19) dialog: We never had any. What's the problem?
13) 0) text: Brody emerges with enough poster-board, wooden stakes, na paint, and brushes to close every beach on the island. He starts back the way he came when Hendricks shoots up the  street in the patrol jeep. He stops fast enough to call  attention, leans out the window.
13) 1) dialog: Polly told me to tell you there's a  scout troop in Avril Bay doing the  mile swim for their Merit Badges. I  couldn't call them in, there's no  phone out there.
13) 3) dialog: What's the matter with my printing?
14) 0) text: Revealing Larry Vaughn, the Mayor of Amity, exchanging  anxieties with Ben Meadows and Coroner Santos and two oth city Selectmen. They come out in a group, reach the sunli and squint down the street as Brody careens around the co and out of sight. Deputy Hendricks, laden with his arts a crafts, passes them on the street front.
14) 2) dialog: We had a shark attack at South Chop  this morning, Mayor. Fatal. Gotta  batten down the beach.
14) 5) dialog: I just found out about it -- but  there's a bunch of Boy Scouts in the  water a coupla miles down the coast  from where we found the girl. Avril  Bay, thereabouts. Chief went to dry  them off.
14) 7) dialog: I've got all these signs here...
16) 0) text: Two older Seascouts look on with stop watches and clipboa while some Parents shade their eyes from the sun, watchin their offspring. Brody pulls up in the Amity Police jeep, and starts toward the people. Behind him, Vaughn's Cadill pulls up and skids to a stop. In it are Vaughn, Meadows, Doctor, maybe a Selectman, and Hendricks, with his arms s full of sign material. Vaughn intercepts Brody, the other circle around him, effectively slowing his progress throu the sand to the scouts.
16) 30) text: The others surround Brody as Vaughn leads the way back to the cars, ad libbing their problem with the little karate choppers. Hendricks puts the signs back into the trunk of Vaughn's  Cadillac. Vaughn waves casually to the Scouts and swimmer who are vigorously toweling off in the background.
23) 38) dialog: ...So then Denherder and Charlie sat  there trying to catch their breath,  and figuring out how to explain to  Charlie's wife what happened to her  freezer full of meat.
23) 40) text: Some of the locals greet Hendricks with occasional nods o recognition, or an ad libbed "Hi, Lenny," or "Hey, Lenny.
23) 41) dialog: Mrs. Kintner must've put her ad in  Field and Stream.
24) 0) text: Brody is on the phone, talking to his office, trying to g Hendricks' attention. He throws a handful of washers at t window.
26) 10) text: The men (Felix, Pratt, et al) get Brody to join them in t shot. The whole town and the Armada fishermen all line up a classic "high school" graduating class shot with the  victorious fishermen kneeling in front, and the rest of t Armada and Townspeople arranged behind them. Hendricks ho up the "Beach Closed" sign in ironic victory.
30) 0) text: Next to the "Amity Welcomes You" billboard is a group of  selectmen, Vaughn, Meadows, Hendricks, and another deputy standing by with paint and brushes. Brody's wagon is ther along with a few other cars. Busy late afternoon traffic starting to pile up as early weekenders and curiosity see slow down to see what's happening. Behind the billboard, Brody and Hooper have gotten Vaughn one side. They are making a closely reasoned presentation him.
32) 0) text: And this is it -- the Dawn Patrol, the only forces that t frantic phone calling produced. Hendricks, and the regula summer extra deputies. The lifeguards. Half a dozen state troopers. Some deputies from neighboring towns, and a Coa Guard ensign with a handful of regulars in work dungarees Some of Hooper's friends from the institute. Brody and Hooper, badly in need of sleep, are watching th crew straggle in. Already the first of the holiday beach- goers are piling out of their cars in a brightly colored  cascade of beach balls, umbrellas, blankets, portable bar ques, radios, sun visors, reflectors, rafts, balls, tubes and newspapers. Hooper watches one such group: A Family of Ten getting ou of a camper-van. He watches in dismay as the family bumbl onto the beach for a day of fun in the sun. Brody addresses his troops, such as they are.
35) 43) dialog: Anything? Thought I saw a shadow.  Over.
36) 2) dialog: 
36) 3) dialog: (into walkie-talkie) False alarm. Must be this glare.
36) 20) dialog: (into walkie-talkie) Where -- ?