5) 0) text: A shaft of morning sun blasts through the crack between t bottom of the shade and the windowsill, falling across th heads of the sleeping couple on the bed. It catches Marti Brody right across the eyes, bringing him up from sleep. The job is completed by the clock radio, which clicks on  with local fisherman's report and weather.
6) 4) text: Ellen Brody, a tall, attractive blonde woman, enters from upstairs. She's still slightly sleepy, not what you'd cal an "Instant-On" person. Mornings are not her best time.
11) 0) text: In the busy center of a town preparing for the big Fourth July weekend, Brody wends his way around sidewalk activit purpose and haste in each stride. As he turns a corner a  little man in a white smock emerges from the Funeral Parl This is Carl Santos, Amity's part-time coroner. Santos lo both ways before crossing Colonial Drive. Brody passes Keisel's Bicycle Rental, navigating an awkwa course through an odd assortment of Schwinns that line th sidewalk in front of a demolished white picket fence. Kei intercepts Brody on the run.
12) 0) text: The store proprietor is busy at work on an inventory list with a mainland delivery man.
16) 0) text: Two older Seascouts look on with stop watches and clipboa while some Parents shade their eyes from the sun, watchin their offspring. Brody pulls up in the Amity Police jeep, and starts toward the people. Behind him, Vaughn's Cadill pulls up and skids to a stop. In it are Vaughn, Meadows, Doctor, maybe a Selectman, and Hendricks, with his arms s full of sign material. Vaughn intercepts Brody, the other circle around him, effectively slowing his progress throu the sand to the scouts.
19) 0) text: A plump jelly-bowl of a woman plunges into the ocean. The enough there to satisfy the most gluttonous shark. Buoyan joyful, she splashes away in abandon. From her, we pan of to reveal other cheerful bathers enjoying that last  uncluttered weekend before the season starts in earnest.
20) 0) text: A crowd of angry men and women throng the central hallway their voices a babble of confusion. Many of them are gath around a roughly lettered notice that has been posted on town's official bulletin board. It reads.
21) 16) text: Two opinions have been expressed, and the crowd takes sid vociferously, ad libbing assent or dissent depending on t point of view held forth. THOSE IN FAVOR MR. WISEMAN
22) 0) text: A riffly blur, color alternating with black and white. Th dizziness stops on a book page showing a black and white  rendering of eight species of shark. The banner at the to of the page reads: THE KNOWN AND REPUTED MANEATERS. The riffling begins again, stops on a grizzly photograph scar tissue on six former shark victims. Riffling -- stop Photograph of five Ichthyologists posing on wooden stools framed by the enormous jaws of a prehistoric shark from t family Carcharodon charcharias.
22) 18) text: Ellen's eyes drift down to the open book, which is displa a reproduction of the famous painting "The Gulf Stream,"  showing a black fisherman in a small dinghy similar to  Michael's being assaulted by the jaws of three man-eating sharks, circling his boat.
23) 0) text: Selectman Denherder and his buddy, Charlie, a professiona angler, row towards a tumble-down jetty that leads fifty  feet out into the black water.
23) 75) dialog: Aw, c'mon, it's just fireworks. Sharks  like fireworks, it attracts them.
23) 77) text: The man passes Brody a cigar box filled with dynamite sti Brody tucks the dynamite under his arm, and continues dow the pier. Hooper is still with him. All around them are two distinctly different breeds; the  quiet pros, like Ben Gardner, in well-worn, comfortable  clothes, with efficient, sensible gear, and the amateur  crazies, with all manner of weapons and impractical, sill tourist clothing.
24) 19) text: Pratt nods reluctantly. The man swings, lodges the gaff a hauls the shark up onto the gunwale. A paroxysm of cheers from the surrounding boats. Smoke flares are fired into t air.
26) 0) text: We open close on ugly, open shark's jaws, still oozing bl and gore. As the shark is hoisted up into the air on a gi pole hoist dockside, Meadows is seen passing with his  secretary and a photographer from the Amity Gazette. A cr of returning fishermen from the Armada and townspeople ar gathering around the fish as it is hoisted tail-up into t classic sports fisherman's trophy shot.
31) 0) text: Two cavernous iron doors. Then a crack of vertical light six burly crewmen muscle them apart. The Amity ferry land is approaching, people in colorful outfits waiting docksi for the first filled-to-capacity shuttle of the summer se and -- Bach's Little Fugue is the musical accompaniment to this  wholly visual montage of disembarkation. The next two min should be treated like a "short film" taking into account all of the colors, episodes, faces and behavior of a vari of Americans who colonize Eastern resort communities for ninety-day season. Intercut with this montage is Brody's home, where Ellen,  Hooper and Brody are in sweaty, gritty all-out effort to  enlist some support. Elements in this montage include: A.  A train of cars trundling down the ramp, bumper to bu B.  Young Beautiful People from Princeton, Yale, NYU, wea knapsacks, toting luggage, babies riding in papoose rigs, energized children, senior citizens holding hands on the  pedestrian ramp, a few wheelchairs. C.  Hooper, bent over the phone: "I know it's a long week could you get me his home phone number? D.  Sidewalk vendors hawking "Shark Killed" souvenirs, bi photo "Personality Posters" of the dead tiger shark hung the dock. E.  Brody: "You're acting senior officer? Where's Chief P Officer Feldman? Where's the Coast Guard Executive Office F.  Souvenir stands selling Genuine Sharks Teeth from The Amity Killer Shark, Captured This Week. G.  Amity Cab Company, small blue Toyotas lined up with t college student drivers like a bomber wing. H.  Hooper:  "Well then, operator, could you try him in t dining room?" I.  Brody: "All I get is a recording. Is there some other number I could try...?" J.  Station wagons with pale winter faces pressed anxious to the window. Cadillacs with Rear Admirals at the helm,  their wives with blue hair remembering the way from years before. K.  Hooper: "When did he check out? Did he leave another  phone number?" L.  Brody: "How can I reach him in Chambers if he's not i Chambers?" M.  Little Karate Hands breaking picket fences. N.  Some local delinquents about 10 or 12 years old, towi behind their bicycles a little dead sand shark with signs "Amity Monster Shark." "Killed Here." 5 Cents a Hit." Etc Then six blonde and tanned Coney Island meatballs descend the ramp. They all wear Men's Club Lifeguard patches and  matching collegiate windbreakers. They scour the landing, looking for someone to save. The boat is empty. Everybody heading inland, anticipating the best Fourth of July ever. Already there is debris on docks and the cleaning crew works away at it.
35) 32) text: On an adjoining blanket, a spirited Ruth Gordon type is  sitting, watching brightly as her manservant, a polished  Eric Harrison type, prepares some tea from a thermos.
36) 35) text: Horrified faces. Some are stunned and wandering in slow,  tentative circles, while others are helped out by friends Five people try to mount a rubber raft. Ugly reminders that each of us is Number One. Brody enters shot, yelling into his walkie-talkie, someon charges past him to help an old man out of the water.
49) 38) text: Quint steers "Slow Ahead," engine protesting, as he maneu toward the moving barrels. Quint peers down, steering clo and closer.