14) 0) text: Revealing Larry Vaughn, the Mayor of Amity, exchanging  anxieties with Ben Meadows and Coroner Santos and two oth city Selectmen. They come out in a group, reach the sunli and squint down the street as Brody careens around the co and out of sight. Deputy Hendricks, laden with his arts a crafts, passes them on the street front.
16) 0) text: Two older Seascouts look on with stop watches and clipboa while some Parents shade their eyes from the sun, watchin their offspring. Brody pulls up in the Amity Police jeep, and starts toward the people. Behind him, Vaughn's Cadill pulls up and skids to a stop. In it are Vaughn, Meadows, Doctor, maybe a Selectman, and Hendricks, with his arms s full of sign material. Vaughn intercepts Brody, the other circle around him, effectively slowing his progress throu the sand to the scouts.
16) 3) dialog: Technically, you need the instruction  of a civic ordinance, or a special  meeting of the town selectmen...
16) 8) dialog: We're not even sure what it was.
16) 13) dialog: Remember when Fred Ganz went  scalloping in his BVD's? He was going  to swim to New Bedford, he said.
16) 15) dialog: ...and Bill Mayhew almost caught him  in his net...?
16) 18) dialog: We never had that kind of trouble  here.
16) 28) dialog: You have our complete support.
20) 5) dialog: I agree. If she's going to advertise,  I wouldn't recommend out-of-town  papers. Amity people could take care  of this.
21) 5) dialog: (leading the direction  of the discussion) What's going on with the beaches,  Chief?
26) 0) text: We open close on ugly, open shark's jaws, still oozing bl and gore. As the shark is hoisted up into the air on a gi pole hoist dockside, Meadows is seen passing with his  secretary and a photographer from the Amity Gazette. A cr of returning fishermen from the Armada and townspeople ar gathering around the fish as it is hoisted tail-up into t classic sports fisherman's trophy shot.
26) 1) dialog: Ginny, get this out on the state  wire to AP and UPI in Boston and New  York. Have one of them pick it up  for the national and call Dave Axelrod  in New York and tell him this is  from me and he owes me one... let's  get a picture.
26) 6) dialog: Okay, everybody, I want to get a  picture for the paper -- could  everyone clear out of the way?
26) 8) dialog: Could you get out of the shot, young  man?
26) 32) dialog: Plenty.
30) 0) text: Next to the "Amity Welcomes You" billboard is a group of  selectmen, Vaughn, Meadows, Hendricks, and another deputy standing by with paint and brushes. Brody's wagon is ther along with a few other cars. Busy late afternoon traffic starting to pile up as early weekenders and curiosity see slow down to see what's happening. Behind the billboard, Brody and Hooper have gotten Vaughn one side. They are making a closely reasoned presentation him.
36) 6) dialog: Beautiful day, Chief!