6) 8) text: Before Brody can answer, Michael, his oldest boy, enters, holding his hand. There is bright new blood on it, but he sensibly unconcerned. It's a normal childhood scrape.
6) 9) dialog: Cut my hand. Hit by a vampire.
6) 12) text: Michael goes on out and upstairs. Ellen fumbles in her po and produces Brody's new glasses, which she holds out to  him.
7) 2) text: Michael reenters in bathing trunks, with a towel on his  shoulder, his hand washed, holding a band-aid ready for  application. Ellen takes it, and bandages the finger with care and affection.
7) 4) text: Michael heads toward the beach.
19) 22) text: Alex starts for the ocean. Behind him, Michael and his ga are also heading for the inviting waves. Brody is watchin them go, his spine rigid with tension.
19) 54) dialog: As he emerges from the water, Alex Kintner's raft washes behind him, ripped in half, the water pink, the foam spre the stain onto the sand as the wave breaks.
22) 12) dialog: My boat's neat, dad!
22) 18) text: Ellen's eyes drift down to the open book, which is displa a reproduction of the famous painting "The Gulf Stream,"  showing a black fisherman in a small dinghy similar to  Michael's being assaulted by the jaws of three man-eating sharks, circling his boat.
27) 0) text: Brody and Ellen, Sean and Michael, have all finished dinn Brody's plate is untouched, a virgin meatloaf. His glass, the other hand, is well used, with the remnants of a stif scotch and ice. He is staring across the table at the  youngest, Sean, who makes a face at him. He makes a face  back. They play this game together for a few minutes.
27) 4) text: Sean gives Daddy the kiss. Brody shoos him and Michael of to bed. Ellen, who is feeling progressively more left out with each passing moment, gets up abruptly and clears a f dishes. Brody is not letting her into his world for the  moment, and it shows. There's a knock at the door.
36) 7) text: A group of youngsters playing with Michael Brody's dinghy They are hauling it toward the surf.
36) 9) text: Michael turns as Brody trots toward him.
36) 11) dialog: I'm all checked out for light surf  and look at it.
36) 13) dialog: Dad, the ponds are for old ladies.
36) 15) dialog: (confused) Sure, Dad.
37) 21) text: Three boats racing to carry out the orders. The black fin passing the two children, racing to get out. Hooper reach the mouth before the others. The fin won't veer off. It s into the little vessel, bumping it aside. The fin is left racing into open water. Blood leavings. Hooper leaping ov the side, slogging towards Michael.
37) 25) text: People gather and Brody snatches beach towels out of thei hands. They cover Michael and carry him off the beach, fe raised above his head.
38) 0) text: Michael is wheeled out in the bed. Brody and Ellen are th Sean is sleepy in Brody's arms. Vaughn is waiting in the  hall.
38) 3) dialog: My cars. And a comic book.