23) 58) text: The Mate nods "Yes" and starts to prepare to get under wa Ben and his Mate move away from the dock, headed towards channel and the open sea leaving Felix and Pratt to scamp around the dock looking for another ride.
24) 10) dialog: Well, get over there! He ain't caught  it yet!
24) 11) text: The owner of Pratt's boat throws it forward and Pratt rem a .45 automatic from the holster of his belt. He tests it firing once in the air. As they near the scene of the  struggle, eleven other boats begin converging, until --
24) 14) dialog: (exultant) Hand me that pole! Quick!
24) 17) dialog: How's the family, Harry? (to the man with gaff) Go on and do it!
24) 19) text: Pratt nods reluctantly. The man swings, lodges the gaff a hauls the shark up onto the gunwale. A paroxysm of cheers from the surrounding boats. Smoke flares are fired into t air.
24) 21) text: It is a ten-foot tiger, and what a mess -- splattered wit bullet punctures, gashes, bleeding from several orifices. But it is not dead -- it kicks back to life and threatens capsize the boat. Pratt panics and fires six times with h .45. The bullets pierce the shark's head, pass through, a split the fiberglass hull through which a flood of water  rises. Everybody stands up as the boat slips beneath them
26) 10) text: The men (Felix, Pratt, et al) get Brody to join them in t shot. The whole town and the Armada fishermen all line up a classic "high school" graduating class shot with the  victorious fishermen kneeling in front, and the rest of t Armada and Townspeople arranged behind them. Hendricks ho up the "Beach Closed" sign in ironic victory.
26) 23) dialog: Whadya mean, 'Bite Radius?' What's  that?
26) 34) text: Felix, Pratt and the others ad lib disagreement. "You're gonna cut up my trophy," etc.
26) 42) text: She stops, unable to continue. Her father takes her arm a leads her away. Pratt, Harry and the others trail off aft her. During the rest of the scene, the camera tightens in Brody to the exclusion of the others.