14) 0) text: Revealing Larry Vaughn, the Mayor of Amity, exchanging  anxieties with Ben Meadows and Coroner Santos and two oth city Selectmen. They come out in a group, reach the sunli and squint down the street as Brody careens around the co and out of sight. Deputy Hendricks, laden with his arts a crafts, passes them on the street front.
17) 0) text: In front of Amity's only Music Store, a battered old pick truck pulls in to the curb. Quint and his mate cross sile heading into the music store.
18) 0) text: A gently tinkling bell tolls Quint's entrance. Inside the store, a ten-year-old boy is being shown a clarinet. He i playing a mellow low tone, and running "Ode to Joy." Quin looms past him like Neptune rising from the deep, and let his hand drop on the counter with a slap that sounds like club on flesh. The Shopkeeper abandons the little boy and meets Quint.
18) 2) dialog: Four spools of Number 12 piano wire,  Okay? I ordered them.
18) 4) dialog: They choke on it.
18) 7) text: No answer from Quint, who stops and sings along with the  boy. The little kid's music degenerates into a series of awkwa squeaks and blurps, as Quint stares at him. Quint continu out the door, threading his way through the people in the street like some great fish. As he gets up into the cab o his pick-up, its door swings open so we can see a crude  stylized shark decorating its side. It slams behind him a Quint gets in and drives away.
21) 24) dialog: (after taking a deep  breath) You all know me. You know what I do  for a living. I'll go out and get  this bird for you. He's a bad one  and it's not like goin' down the  pond chasing blue-gills and tommy- cods. This is a fish that can swallow  a man whole. A little shakin', a  little tenderizing and down ya' go. (a look to Vaughn) You gotta get this fellow and get  him quick. If you do, it'll bring a  lot of tourist business just to see  him and you've got your business  back on a paying basis. (beat) A shark of that size is no pleasure  and I value my neck at a hell of a  lot more'n 3,000 bucks. (a deadly look) I'll find him for three. But I'll  kill him for ten.
21) 26) dialog: (he rises up) The bastard is costing you more'n  that every day. Do you wanna stay  alive and annee up the ten or play  it cheap and be on welfare next  winter. (a final moment) I'm gonna kill this thing... just a  matter of whether I do it now -- or  at the end of summer.
28) 0) text: Dark, spooky shed, with shadows of boats and strange  silhouettes of boat parts and scaffolding. At one end, th large, symmetrical bulk of the shark's carcass lies on a  tarp. A single dark figure is bending over the dead shark The large double doors at one end of the shed squeak open and the Shadowy Figure moves abruptly away from the shark The new entrants move into the shed. It is Hooper and Bro and they are continuing the conversation begun in the car the way over. As the Shadowy Figure moves silently into a vantage point against one wall, he passes through the light from a wind it is Quint, and we only see him long enough to recognize him as he backs against the wall.
28) 8) text: From his vantage point, Quint watches, unseen by the two  men. Brody is holding the light, fighting the gag reflex,  fascinated by the bizarre ritual.
38) 25) dialog: Did you bring a check?
38) 27) dialog: Cash? Or do we do this on a handshake  and a promise?
38) 29) dialog: And my regular daily rate -- $200,  whether we catch him or not.
38) 31) dialog: And incidental damages, if any...
38) 33) dialog: And you get the Mayor off my back  with this zoning crap. Nobody tells  me how to run my property.
38) 35) dialog: And, uh, a case of apricot brandy  and you buy the lunch.
38) 37) dialog: (pours drink) Try some of this. I made it myself.
38) 39) dialog: Here's to swimmin' with bowlegged  women.
38) 42) text: Quint wheels to face him.
38) 44) dialog: You want to get paid, you go.
38) 46) dialog: This is the last time I hear from  you. I don't want anyone with piss  for blood on my vessel. Put that  blackfish on board, pump the bilges,  and top off the fuel tanks, and finish  up in the morning. Then you're on  the beach.
38) 48) text: Quint turns to see this new voice, and starts walking tow him.
38) 50) dialog: I know who he is...
38) 53) dialog: Transplants?
38) 55) dialog: I'm not talking about day sailing or  pleasure boating. I'm talking about  working for a living. Sharking.
38) 57) dialog: Are you now. I know about porkers in  the water -- (throws him some rope) Here. Tie me a sheepshank.
38) 60) dialog: Let me see your hands...
38) 62) dialog: Ha. City hands. You been counting  money. If you had a $5000 net and  $2000 worth of fish in it, and along  comes Mr. White, and makes it look  like a kiddy scissors class has gone  to work on it and made paper dolls.  If you'd ever worked for a living,  you'd know what that means.
38) 65) dialog: What do you mean 'We...?'
38) 67) dialog: All right, Commissioner. But when  we're on my ship, I am Master, Mate  and Pilot. And I want him... (indicates Hooper) ...along for ballast.
39) 0) text: The Mate is loading. He hands Quint the items on his chec list as Quint takes them aboard.
39) 1) dialog: 5 lengths of 1/2-inch, 20 number  14's, straight gaff, flying gaffs,  tail rope, eye splice, M-1, 20 clips,  pliers, irons...
39) 9) dialog: Hey, Squirt! You want to stow this  gear or you want me to use it for  ballast? It ain't good for much but  bait.
39) 13) dialog: Hello, Junior. What are you? Some  kind of half-assed astronaut? (to himself) Jesus Christ, when I was a kid, every  little squirt wanted to be a harpooner  or a sword fisherman. What d'ya have  there -- a portable shower?
39) 15) dialog: Who's inside, you or the shark?
39) 17) dialog: You're in the cage? (Hooper nods) The cage is in the water? (Hooper nods) The shark is in the water too? (Hooper nods) You're in the water with the shark.
39) 18) text: Hooper nods. Quint sings "Spanish Ladies" half to himself
39) 22) text: She straightens his coat, and gives him a shaving kit to  carry aboard with his toiletries. From the deck, Quint  whistles derisively.
39) 23) dialog: Hurry up, Chief, daylight's a wastin'.
39) 30) dialog: (sings) 'Here is the body of Mary Lee. For  15 years she kept her virginity. Not  a bad record for this vicinity.'
39) 36) dialog: Cast off the bow line! Now your stern!
39) 39) dialog: (to Brody) Front-Bow, Back-Stern, Port,  Starboard. Aloft, Below. It's not a  staircase, it's a ladder, it's not a  rope, it's a line, and if you don't  get it right... (indicates porthole) I'll throw your ass through that  little round window.
39) 41) dialog: Now hear this. You're aboard the  fishing vessel 'Orca,' and I'm her  Captain, Master, Mate, and Owner.  You'll jump when I holler. We're  doin' a job here, and Christ, I ain't  got time to watch you birds get hooks  in your ass and fall overboard. Ship  with me, and you'll do all right.  Cross me, and I'll slap you upside  your heads. Now -- if you boys are  ready -- let's go fishin'.
40) 0) text: It is quiet as the Orca drifts along in the current, a wi chum slick spreading behind it. A couple of flag buoys sp along our perspective show us the miles the boat has gone Quint spots something in the water -- a small blue shark  attracted by the chum. He rigs a small pole with a piece bait, and throws it over the side.
40) 1) dialog: Here's something for you...
40) 2) text: The shark takes the bait, Quint brutally and efficiently  sets the hook, and reels the shark alongside. He hauls it part way out of the water, and sticks it with a gaff. Hoo and Brody watch.
40) 4) dialog: These greedy sons-a-bitches will eat  their own guts.
40) 8) dialog: Go ahead, you cannibals. Tell 'em  where you got it!
40) 11) dialog: Just a little appetizer. I want our  porker to know we're serving. I want  to put some iron into that big yap...
41) 1) dialog: Keep that chum line going -- we've  got five good miles. Don't break it.
41) 3) dialog: Nobody. We're drifting with the  current.
41) 5) dialog: (to Hooper) Hell, in the old days we went out  with good charts, good sounding lead,  and a damn good compass. Nowadays,  these kids are afraid to go out  without depth finders, radar, radio,  electric toothbrush, every stupid  thing...
41) 6) text: Quint opens a can of beer and drains it in one long pull, crushing the empty and throwing it over the side. Hooper  drains his coffee from a styrofoam cup, and cracks it in hand with a silly "plup." He stows the pieces in an empty chum barrel.
41) 7) dialog: (to Brody) Get a fresh barrel.
41) 10) dialog: (mutters) Real fine stuff but it won't mean a  thing to Mr. Whitey, of course... he  didn't go to schools in electronics.  He was born with what he does best.  Eat. He's a swimming appetite. 'Course  he might eat this stuff, but then  I've seen him eat a rocking chair,  too. (to Brody) Next time, ask me.
41) 14) dialog: It ain't a Big Mac. (to Brody) The expert don't approve. What do  you thing? You're closer to the  situation. (laughs)
41) 15) text: Brody shades his eyes from the white sun as Quint baits u
41) 17) dialog: (snapping bait to his  leader) ...'cause this is where he lives.  You gotta think like they do.
41) 19) text: Quint sits in the fighting chair. He casts off, murmuring the line feeds out.
41) 20) dialog: (to Brody) Now if he weren't around, we'd of  hooked something else by now, wouldn't  we? But he scared 'em all away. Big  lonesome son of a bitch...
41) 23) dialog: -- he'll gulp it down now... (making gulping noises) Hooooooo!
41) 24) text: Quint tightens drag and strikes. The line goes whizzing o Brody runs to Quint's side. Hooper springs up to the flyi bridge.
41) 26) dialog: (turning with the  pull) Get behind me, dummy! (shouts to Hooper) Reverse her and turn -- he's taking  too much line! (to Brody) Wet my reel, quick!
41) 28) dialog: (straining, muscles  popping) Starboard, for Chris'sake --
41) 30) dialog: (to Hooper) Hey, you! Farmer! Half-speed there...
41) 33) dialog: (to Hooper) Neutral! (to himself) Where the hell is he going?
41) 34) text: Quint reeling in like mad.
41) 35) dialog: Oh, this ain't foolin' me -- (rod arcs down with a  surge) Sure -- try it!
41) 36) text: He ad libs brief instructions to Brody as the line rushes out and there is less tension. Quint is horsing up and do reeling in.
41) 37) dialog: Makin' believe it's easy now.
41) 38) text: The line is almost vertical, and Quint shows a hint of  bafflement. He reels in suspiciously.
41) 39) dialog: Gettin' ready to run again -- no?  No? (suspicious) What's he playin' here? (reels in furiously,  to Brody) Put the gloves on! (to fish) Let's see who's gonna tease who now!
41) 41) dialog: (to Hooper) Down here, Hooper!
41) 44) dialog: (bathed in sweat;  hauling, reeling) Look -- you may be a big Yahoo in  the lab, but out here you're just  supercargo, and you'll do as I say,  or you can take your gear and  backstroke home. Now get down here!
41) 47) dialog: (to Brody) Unbuckle me -- fast! (to Hooper) Grab the leader. He ain't normal,  this one... they never --
41) 50) dialog: Watch your hands -- (suddenly to Brody) Grab onto this!
41) 51) text: Before he realizes what's happening, Brody is clumsily  clutching at the big rod, appalled. Quint skips away for flying gaff. He picks one, turns... That's when the leader lashes free, sending Hooper crashi backward in a serious fall, and the rod whips at Brody's  forehead, drawing blood. Quint snatches up the rod and re in. The wires have been bitten through.
41) 52) dialog: (to Hooper) A marlin, or a stingray. Huh. Don't  ever tell me my business again. Get  back up on the bridge.
41) 54) dialog: (to Brody) Fasten the pole.
41) 56) dialog: Don't tell me my business! (to Hooper, points) Quarter-mile, that way. Full throttle.
41) 57) text: Hooper shakes off his dizziness and obeys. Brody watches  Quint rig up a new leader, hook up the same bait.
41) 59) dialog: What I do is trick him to the surface,  got that? Then I can jab him,  understand? (goes to flybridge,  muttering) Think I'm gonna haul it in as if  he's a catfish, like everyone else  does?
41) 62) dialog: (suddenly, pointing) Over there!
41) 64) dialog: (still looking) At least you handle the boat all  right. Stop. Here... Cut the engine.
41) 65) text: Hooper cuts the engines as Quint swings nimbly down. He s stock still on the main deck, motioning Brody to be silen Then picking up the newly rigged rod, Quint softshoes it  over to the chair. About to sit down, he freezes.
41) 66) dialog: looking hard at something.
41) 70) dialog: He puts his rod away and stares at it. And stares. And st Hooper is the first to break the silence.
41) 72) dialog: 25 feet. And three tons of him there.
41) 74) dialog: (quietly, to Brody) I never saw one that big.
41) 76) text: Quint ignores him and moves off into the pilot house, whe he swiftly takes out his green case, and opens it to begi to assemble something inside it. Brody is alone on the de with Hooper.
41) 82) text: Quint snaps the mouthpiece to his lips.
41) 83) dialog: Orca here.
41) 85) dialog: Put her on.
41) 87) dialog: This is Quint, Missus.
41) 89) dialog: He's busy.
41) 91) dialog: Just fine, Missus. We'll be back  soon. Everything's fine. We haven't  seen anything yet. Orca out.
41) 96) text: He is positioning Martin frantically, trying to include B the shark, and the Orca in the same frame. Quint finishes with the gun, and as a final gesture, snaps an explosive  cartridge into the breech. He empties the box of cartridg onto the table, snatches up a big handful, and drops them into a pocket, and heads out on deck, bound for the bow  pulpit.
41) 98) dialog: Here. Rig this to the forward keg up  there.
41) 100) dialog: (to Brody) Get up there and steer her. Follow  my hand, and hold 'er steady. I've  got to get a clean shot at that  porker's head.
41) 101) text: Quint moves up toward the bow, Brody goes up to the flyin bridge to take the wheel, Hooper starts for the foredeck, but stops to rummage in his kit, throwing gear around as desperately hunts for something.
41) 102) dialog: Hurry up, rig the line!
41) 104) dialog: (to Brody) Come to port. Watch my hand. Steady  now...
41) 105) text: He guides Brody with hand signals. Brody tries urgently t get it right, not to oversteer, to try to hold the big bo with its throbbing diesels on the course that Quint is  indicating.
41) 106) dialog: The line, man, the line!
41) 109) dialog: Agonizing over his shot as the shark approaches, glancing back to see if the line is properly rigged and Hooper is  clear of it.
41) 110) dialog: Get clear, damn you!
41) 113) text: Quint fires. The harpoon slams into the shark behind his  head, half-way along the back in front of the big dorsal  fin.
41) 114) dialog: Jesus H. Christ On a Crutch!
41) 117) dialog: Now you've done it, you piss-ant.  Stop and rig a goddam tinker toy to  my gear. Let the bastard fight the  keg for a while. He can't stay down  with that on.
41) 126) dialog: We got a barrel on him. We can't  lose him. We stay out here until we  find him.
41) 129) dialog: (grim) You hired me, remember? It's my  $10,000. It's my shark...
43) 0) text: Brody and Hooper at the table, Quint at the wheel, keepin his eye on the light.
43) 1) dialog: He's up again.
43) 2) text: He corrects course slightly to keep the barrel buoy in si Hooper is sitting at the table, morose. Brody is staring a couple of open cans of beans or beef stew, or some othe crappy rations Quint has on board. Dirty spoons stuck in open cans show us this has not been a formal dinner. Quin fumbles on the chart shelf and produces some of his home  brew. He takes a pull, and hands it to Hooper, who takes a doub Brody touches the fresh abrasion on his forehead, where t fishing rod caught him. Quint bends forward and pulls his hair aside to show some near the crown.
43) 3) dialog: That's not so bad. Look at this:  ...St. Paddy's Day in Knocko Nolans,  in Boston, where some sunovabitch  winged me upside the head with a  spittoon.
43) 6) text: Quint is amused. He presents his own formidable forearm.
43) 7) dialog: Wire burn. Trying to stop a backstay  from taking my head off.
43) 9) text: Brody is fascinated. Quint and Hooper take a long pull fr the bottle.
43) 10) dialog: Face and head scars come from amateur  amusements in the bar room. This  love line here... (he bends an ear  forward) ...that's from some crazy Frenchie  come after me with a knife. I caught  him with a good right hand right in  the snot locker and laid him amongst  the sweetpeas.
43) 14) dialog: Nothing! A pleasure scar. Look here --
43) 16) dialog: Slammed with a thresher's tail. Look  just like somebody caressed me with  a nutmeg grater...
43) 19) dialog: And I'll drink to yours.
43) 21) dialog: Wait a minute, young fella. Look.  Just look. Don't touch...
43) 23) dialog: ...Mako. Fell out of the tail rope  and onto the deck. You don't get  bitten by one of those bastards but  twice -- your first and your last.
43) 30) dialog: And here's to the ladies. And here's  to their sisters; I'd rather one  Miss than a shipload of Misters.
43) 32) dialog: (shows belly) Look a' that -- Bayonet Iwo Jima.
43) 34) dialog: (aside) I almost had 'im.
43) 35) text: Brody is looking at a small white patch on Quint's other  forearm.
43) 37) dialog: (changing) Tattoo. Had it taken off.
43) 39) dialog: 'U.S.S Indianapolis.' 1944.
43) 42) text: Quint remembering.
43) 43) dialog: 
43) 44) dialog: Yeah. The U.S.S. Indianapolis. June 29th, 1945, three and a half  minutes past midnight, two torpedoes  from a Japanese submarine slammed  into our side. Two or three. We was  still under sealed orders after  deliverin' the bomb...the Hiroshima  bomb...we was goin' back across the  Pacific from Tinian to Leyte. Damn  near eleven hundred men went over  the side. The life boats was lashed  down so tight to make the bomb run  we couldn't cut a single one adrift.  Not one. And there was no rafts.  None. That vessel sank in twelve  minutes. Yes, that's all she took.  We didn't see the first shark till  we'd been in the water about an hour.  A thirteen-footer near enough. A  blue. You measure that by judgin'  the dorsal to the tail. What we didn't  know... of course the Captain knew...I  guess some officers knew... was the  bomb mission had been so secret, no  distress signals was sent. What the  men didn't know was that they wouldn't  even list us as overdue for a week.  Well, I didn't know that -- I wasn't  an officer -- just as well perhaps.  So some of us were dead already --  in the water -- just hangin' limp in  our lifejackets. And several already  bleedin'. And the three hundred or  so laying on the bottom of the ocean.  As the light went, the sharks came  crusin'. We formed tight groups --  somewhat like squares in an old battle --  You know what I mean -- so that when  one come close, the man nearest would  yell and shout and pound the water  and sometimes it worked and the fish  turned away, but other times that  shark would seem to look right at a  man -- right into his eyes -- and in  spite of all shoutin' and poundin'  you'd hear that terrible high  screamin' and the ocean would go  red, then churn up as they ripped  him.  Then we'd reform our little  squares. By the first dawn the sharks  had taken more than a hundred. Hard  for me to count but more than a  hundred. I don't know how many sharks.  Maybe a thousand. I do know they  averaged six men an hour. All kinds --  blues, makos, tigers. All kinds. (Pause) In the middle of the second day,  some of us started to go crazy from  the thirst. One fella cried out he  saw a river, another claimed he saw  a waterfall, some started to drink  the ocean and choked on it, and some  left our little groups -- our little  squares -- and swam off alone lookin'  for islands and the sharks always  took them right away. It was mainly  the young fellas that did that --  the older ones stayed where they  was. That second day -- my life jacket  rubbed me raw and that was more blood  in the water. Oh my. On Thursday  morning I bumped up against a friend  of mine -- Herbie Robinson from  Cleveland -- a bosun's mate -- it  seemed he was asleep but when I  reached over to waken him, he bobbed  in the water and I saw his body upend  because he'd been bitten in half  beneath the waist. Well Chief, so it  went on -- bombers high overhead but  nobody noticin' us. Yes -- suicides,  sharks, and all this goin' crazy and  dyin' of thirst. Noon the fifth day,  Mr. Hooper, a Lockheed Ventura swung  around and came in low. Yes. He did  that. Yes, that pilot saw us. And  early evenin', a big fat PBY come  down out of the sky and began the  pickup.  That was when I was most  frightened of all -- while I was  waitin' for my turn. Just two and a  half hours short of five days and  five nights when they got to me and  took me up. Eleven hundred of us  went into that ocean -- three hundred  and sixteen got out. Yeah. Nineteen  hundred and forty five. June the  29th. (pause) Anyway, we delivered the bomb.
44) 0) text: Quint has just finished his story, and we are looking acr the quiet night sea to the Orca slowly circling in the ni the warm light in the pilot house barely revealing the fi of the three men inside, the red and green running lights winking along the ship's flanks. We hear the distant boom and drawn-out hoot of a whale.
45) 3) text: There's a brief, eerie pause. Quint breaks the silence by muttering into song, which he slowly swells.
45) 4) dialog: (singing) Show me the way to go home... I'm  tired and I want to go to bed. I had  a little drink about an hour ago,  and it went right to my head. (etc.)
47) 0) text: The song is continuing, and we hear the barest hint of a  scraping sound from the hull deep beneath the men. Quint' eyes abruptly narrow as his sensitive ears are the first hear the abrasion of his ship. Things vibrate on the shel Quint stops singing, Hooper and Brody continue a duet. Th scraping repeats, and Hooper now senses it. He drops out the song, leaving Brody singing solo.
47) 1) dialog: (quietly, to Hooper) Start the engines.
47) 2) text: As Brody hears this and is about to stop singing, the boa is suddenly bumped from below, and the gentle scraping tu to a violent assault somewhere on the understructure of t vessel. Water bubbles up into the hold. Brody starts, and looks at the radio. He is about to move towards it when  Quint's urgent instructions stop him.
47) 3) dialog: He's busting the shaft! Start the  pump!
47) 5) dialog: The bilge pumps. There --
47) 8) dialog: Cut the engines!
47) 11) text: The boat is assaulted again. Quint fires over the stern,  emptying a clip into the water.
47) 12) dialog: (to Brody) Get up forward! Watch for him!
47) 14) dialog: Keep your eyes open, Mr. Hooper!
47) 15) text: Hooper stands ready on the bridge, Quint pacing the stern deck.
47) 16) dialog: Nobody sleeps! Nobody.
47) 17) text: He jams a fresh clip into the M-1. The men scan the seas  around them. Quint resumes their song, louder this time,  more defiant.
47) 18) dialog: (sings) Show me the way to go home... I'm  tired and I want to go to bed. (etc.)
48) 0) text: Brody is at the wheel on the flying bridge, while Hooper Quint have a hatch up on the stern, and are working toget to repair the damaged rudder controls torn loose by the s Hooper is bucking the steel rod, while Quint is hammering away at the joint, trying to drive a new pin. The engine is idling. Bits of iron clutter the deck, alon with a few rough, outsized tools and greasy rags and gask
48) 1) dialog: More left rudder! More! Left hand  down now, Chief.
48) 4) text: Quint hammers again.
48) 5) dialog: He's bent the housing. You can hear  it.
48) 9) text: The strobe light winks at them. Quint holds up a hand:   "Quiet!" Everything stops as they watch the barrel coming slowly u on them.
48) 10) dialog: It's him.
48) 12) dialog: He's under the keg. Careful --
48) 14) dialog: (suspicious) Easy -- just want to goose him up.  The minute he runs, drop it or you'll  lose your hands.
48) 15) text: Hooper gets the line and starts hauling it up. No resista It comes easily over the transom into a coil on the deck. He and Quint exchange looks.
48) 16) dialog: Here -- gimme. I don't see what he's  been doin'.
48) 21) dialog: (to Hooper) Haul in that rope -- it'll foul us! (then to Brody on the  bridge) Start the engine!
48) 23) dialog: Easy! It'll tear right out!
48) 27) dialog: Shut up! Just pump her out!
48) 30) dialog: A perfectly terrible look comes over him. He raises up an starts after Brody. Brody disappears into the cabin. Quin pauses outside and sees:
49) 1) dialog: Beg your pardon --
49) 3) dialog: Duty first and pleasure after --
49) 5) dialog: Quint brings down the bat with all the strength he can su Crash! Sparks fly, lights blink and go out, plastic and sections metal ricochet all over the cabin as Quint demolishes the ship-to-shore radio. Quint takes a happy breath, winks at Brody and hands him bat.
49) 6) dialog: Excuse me!
49) 12) dialog: No -- comin' right at us! Slow ahead,  he'll hit us head on -- (the engine clanks) Slower! Throttle back ---
49) 14) dialog: (raising harpoon) Hard to port!
49) 15) text: Hooper pulls the boat into a tight turn and Quint has a s at the upward rolling flank. He sinks it with careful  precision.
49) 16) dialog: Try shakin' that out!
49) 19) dialog: (to Brody) No! No! No! (to Hooper) Swing around! After him!
49) 21) dialog: More gas... go to half! Get me right  alongside him --
49) 25) dialog: Watch it!
49) 27) dialog: Atta boy!
49) 28) text: Quint leans to one side, harpoon over his head. The Great White breaks water and...
49) 29) dialog: Take two, they're small!
49) 30) text: He sinks it deep. We hear shots. As the new rope whips ou Brody can be seen standing on the gunwale, in regulation  police combat pistol stance, holding his .357 in both han firing at the shark's head. Quint shakes his head in amused disbelief at this, as the barrel goes over.
49) 33) dialog: Order in the court!
49) 35) dialog: (racing over) Three'll do it! He's havin' trouble  with two!
49) 37) dialog: Grab yourselves a couple of poles!
49) 38) text: Quint steers "Slow Ahead," engine protesting, as he maneu toward the moving barrels. Quint peers down, steering clo and closer.
49) 39) dialog: Get ready! Now snag 'em!
49) 41) dialog: Pull in the ropes and tie 'em onto  the transom -- free ride.
49) 42) text: Brody and Hooper pull in with all they are worth as Quint helps out by wheeling in a circle. He laughs to himself,  enjoying the spectacle.
49) 47) dialog: Get tired! That's the idea! Here's a  little reverse for you!
49) 48) text: The shark leaps partially out of the water, and the sight both horrifying and awesome. Its jaws break water, snappi at the ropes that have him snarled and frustrated. Quint throws the Orca into neutral and shouts down:
49) 49) dialog: Haul in -- watch the prop!
49) 50) text: With that, Quint slides down to the prow, putting another shaft onto his gun, finding satisfaction in its heft and  balance. The shark can be seen directly ahead, threshing  closer.
49) 51) dialog: Now! Untie 'em! Quick! He'll tear us  to pieces.
49) 54) dialog: Damn head is too far away. He's too  big.
49) 55) text: Wrenched to one side, Quint is knocked from his feet.
49) 58) dialog: (amazed at the shark's  strength) He can't go so deep. Not with all  those on him.
49) 61) dialog: (mentally assessing  the damage) Have to pump her steady, s'all.
49) 63) dialog: (to Hooper) Follow him -- (to Brody) You start pumpin' out here.
49) 64) text: Quint tosses Brody the hand pump, then picks up his M-1, checks the load.
49) 66) dialog: (incredulously) No way! He can't!
49) 69) text: Brody looks around. Hooper on the flying bridge searching all directions. Quint is looking more appalled every seco
49) 70) dialog: (helplessly) He can't stay down with three barrels  on him! Where is he?!
49) 72) dialog: (and he means this) No!
49) 73) text: Booming thud at the keel. Brody slides on the wet deck an Quint loses his footing, falling into Brody's arms.
49) 75) dialog: Follow him!
49) 81) dialog: (to Hooper) Dead astern! Zig-zag!
49) 82) text: Quint is grimly silent. Brody senses that Quint is in the fight of (and for) his life. The Orca taking evasive action. But the three barrels are closing the gap, the engines coughing and missing, destro themselves with every rotation of the damaged shaft. BRODY
49) 87) text: He leaps to his gear, trying desperately to get his dart  gun. Just then, the shark attacks, breaking water and rising o the boat like a rocket; snout, jaws, pectoral fins, belly falling sideways. A vast spray drenches the men. Quint fi into the belly, the bullets pocking the smooth whiteness.
49) 89) text: The Orca shudders from side to side. From Hooper's point view we can the shark gripping the transom in his jaws,  shaking the boat as he saws his massive head from side to side, trying to tear a chunk out of the very hull. Quint reloaded and is firing into the fish. Brody has a wicked  pointed gaff, and is swinging wildly at the snout, gashin and gouging it, trying for the eyes. The killing lust is all three men.
49) 90) dialog: Throttling back!
49) 94) dialog: (very quietly, to  Hooper) What can that gun of yours do?
49) 100) text: The men are speaking in near whispers, quiet in the silen that surrounds them. Hooper is in his wet suit, adjusting weights, mask, tanks, etc. The cage is standing in the st Quint runs a line from the gin pole to the roof section. Hooper climbs in though the top.
49) 102) text: Brody cranks the winch, hoisting cage and Hooper into the air. Quint balances the gin pole lines, Hooper crouching the cage, examining it for stresses; satisfied, he holds his hand. Quint puts the spear gun into it.
49) 105) text: Hooper inside, looking out the bars of the cage, gives Br a reassuring smile, then pops his mouthpiece between his  teeth and checks his regulator. Brody steps back, and wit Quint guiding the cage, begins lowering it off the gin po boom arm into the sea alongside the boat. Brody and Hooper stare at each another as their faces pas Hooper sliding down into the cold grey ocean. As Hooper disappears beneath the surface, Quint and Brody exchange a long look between them.
50) 10) dialog: Let go of it!
50) 11) text: The pole gives way, the rope whipping down on the gunwale the pulling of the tonnage below is tipping the Orca, dra it, but Quint won't give up the winch. Brody hauls on the rope barehanded.
50) 16) text: The shark breaks water right beside the Orca, rising with great whooshing noise. It rises vertically, towering over blocking out the sun. The pectoral fins seem to reach for The shark, in all of its monstrous glory, falls onto the  stern of the boat with a shattering crash, narrowly missi Quint and Brody. It drives the stern underwater, the ocea pours in over the transom. The jaws snap from side to sid Brody flounders backwards away from it.