14) 0) text: Revealing Larry Vaughn, the Mayor of Amity, exchanging  anxieties with Ben Meadows and Coroner Santos and two oth city Selectmen. They come out in a group, reach the sunli and squint down the street as Brody careens around the co and out of sight. Deputy Hendricks, laden with his arts a crafts, passes them on the street front.
14) 1) dialog: What have you got there, Lenny?
14) 3) text: Vaughn and group exchange horrified looks, but we get the impression it is not in response to the shark-attack news
14) 4) dialog: Who've you told this to, Lenny?
14) 6) dialog: (to Meadows) Take my car, okay? (to Hendricks) You come with us, Lenny.
14) 8) dialog: C'mon, it'll give us time to think  about what they're going to say.
14) 9) text: They all crowd into a Cadillac El Dorado with Vaughn Real signs on the doors.
16) 0) text: Two older Seascouts look on with stop watches and clipboa while some Parents shade their eyes from the sun, watchin their offspring. Brody pulls up in the Amity Police jeep, and starts toward the people. Behind him, Vaughn's Cadill pulls up and skids to a stop. In it are Vaughn, Meadows, Doctor, maybe a Selectman, and Hendricks, with his arms s full of sign material. Vaughn intercepts Brody, the other circle around him, effectively slowing his progress throu the sand to the scouts.
16) 1) dialog: Martin! (he catches up with  him) Are you going to shut down the beach  on your own authority?
16) 4) dialog: (the good guy) That's just going by the book. We're  just a little anxious that you're  rushing into something serious here.  This is your first summer.
16) 6) dialog: All I'm saying is that Amity is a  summer town -- we need summer dollars,  and if they can't swim here, they'll  use the beaches at Cape Cod, or Long  Island.
16) 10) dialog: (to Doctor) Boat propeller?
16) 12) dialog: Some weekend tramp accidentally goes  swimming too far, she's a little  drunk, a fishing boat comes along --
16) 19) dialog: I don't think you can appreciate the  gut reaction people have to these  things.
16) 22) dialog: (taking Brody aside) It's all psychological, anyway. You  yell 'Barracuda' and everyone says  'huh'. You yell 'Shark' and we've  got a panic on our hands. I think we  all agree we don't need a panic this  close to the 4th of July.
16) 23) text: Vaughn indicates the beach where the Scouts are flopping onto the sand, exhausted, glad to be finished.
16) 25) dialog: Martin, we hired the best man we  could find.
16) 27) dialog: We need someone who isn't prejudiced  by old feuds or family ties, someone  who can referee things.
16) 29) dialog: Now then. We've got a vandalism  problem we ought to talk about...
16) 30) text: The others surround Brody as Vaughn leads the way back to the cars, ad libbing their problem with the little karate choppers. Hendricks puts the signs back into the trunk of Vaughn's  Cadillac. Vaughn waves casually to the Scouts and swimmer who are vigorously toweling off in the background.
20) 7) dialog: Then go out tomorrow and make sure  no one gets hurt. (addressing the crowd) Everybody, could I have your  attention? Since this affects all of  us, I suggest we move into council  chambers, where there's more room...
21) 1) dialog: Well, here we all are; anyone have  any special questions?
21) 3) dialog: That's private business between you  brave fishermen and Mrs. Kintner. (to Brody) -- Chief --
21) 8) dialog: (Interrupting -- sotto  voice to Brody) No need to involve outsiders in our  business, Martin.
21) 12) dialog: Only 24 hours!
21) 27) dialog: Thank you very much, Mr. Quint, the  Selectmen will take your offer under  advisement
26) 13) dialog: That's good. That's real good. Ben  Meadows getting pictures for the  paper.
26) 19) dialog: Who's that young man?
26) 21) dialog: (speaking to everyone) I think we all owe a debt of gratitude  to these men for catching this  monster.
26) 22) text: Brody and Vaughn are by now near the circle of fishermen, who are surrounding Hooper, raising their voices at him.
26) 28) dialog: That's disgusting! This is the  largest, meanest, most vicious shark  ever landed off Amity Island, and a  known maneater!
26) 31) dialog: Be reasonable, boys -- this isn't  the time or the place to do some  kind of half-assed autopsy on a fish.  Ben... (to Meadows) do you have all the pictures you  need?
26) 35) dialog: (seeing something  offstage, with low  intensity) I am not going to stand here and  watch this fish cut open and see  some kid fall out on the dock.  Besides... (he indicates off)
26) 37) dialog: (to Brody) Chief, I'll take responsibility for  this. Boys, cut this ugly sonofabitch  down before he stinks up the whole  island. Harve, tomorrow you and Carl  take him out and dump him right in  the drink.
26) 43) dialog: I'm sorry, Martin. She's in a sick,  terrible state.
26) 47) dialog: Let's all get out of here, this place  stinks.
30) 0) text: Next to the "Amity Welcomes You" billboard is a group of  selectmen, Vaughn, Meadows, Hendricks, and another deputy standing by with paint and brushes. Brody's wagon is ther along with a few other cars. Busy late afternoon traffic starting to pile up as early weekenders and curiosity see slow down to see what's happening. Behind the billboard, Brody and Hooper have gotten Vaughn one side. They are making a closely reasoned presentation him.
30) 8) dialog: Is that tooth here? Did anyone see  it? HOOPER
30) 11) dialog: What kind of a shark did you say it  was?
30) 13) dialog: Well, I'm not going to commit economic  suicide on that flimsy evidence. We  depend on the summer people for our  lives, and if our beaches are closed,  then we're all finished.
30) 15) dialog: I don't thing either of you is  familiar with our problems...
30) 18) dialog: Come here, I want to show you  something.
30) 20) dialog: Sick vandalism! Brody, that's a  deliberate mutilation of a public  service message! I want those little  paint-happy bastards caught and hung  up by their baby Buster Browns!
30) 24) dialog: You'd love to prove that. Getting  your name in the National Geographic.
30) 26) dialog: August! Tomorrow is the 4th of July,  and we are going to open for business.   It's going to be our best summer in  years. If you're so concerned about  the beaches, you two, you do whatever  you have to to keep them safe, but  with you or without you, the beaches  stay open this weekend.
35) 2) text: On the "Tape 1" and "Line" monitors, we see Vaughn being  interviewed by the Announcer in the blazer.
35) 4) dialog: How about them indeed. I'm pleased  and happy to repeat the news that we  have, in fact, caught and killed a  large predator that supposedly injured  some bathers here. As you can see,  it's a beautiful day, the beaches  are open, and the folks here are  having a wonderful time. Amity,  y'know, means 'Friendship.'
35) 5) text: MONITOR: CAMERA 1: As Vaughn speaks to us on the monitors the monitor for Camera 1 pans over to show a Sightseeing pull up in the parking area, and a horde of media vulture spilling out, carrying cameras with long lenses and tripo telescopes, sunshades and parasols, all the equipment of curious and none of the equipment of the holiday bather o swimmer. TAPE 1 AND LINE MONITORS: Close on the Announcer, Vaughn of the picture.
35) 21) text: As Vaughn begins his spiel again, the other monitors show the action on the beach.
35) 22) dialog: ...I'm pleased and happy...
35) 29) dialog: Why don't you get in the water?
35) 31) dialog: (some urgency) Nobody's going in!
37) 12) dialog: He catches Hooper's boat out of the corner of his eye.  Curious, he follows its progress. It's urgency finally  communicates itself to Vaughn, who begins a shambling tro across the dunes towards a rise overlooking the estuary.
38) 0) text: Michael is wheeled out in the bed. Brody and Ellen are th Sean is sleepy in Brody's arms. Vaughn is waiting in the  hall.
38) 9) dialog: Why?
38) 11) dialog: I don't know if I can do that without  a...
38) 13) dialog: Maybe we can save August...
38) 15) dialog: I was acting in the town's best  interests...
38) 17) dialog: My kids were on that beach...
38) 19) text: Vaughn signs, and Brody takes the paper and exits.