4) 2) text: hb: Music Continues, OCTAVIUS looks up, sword raised -- b move as giant HANDS scoop him and his fellow SOLDIERS up. 10 11 NATM: Escape from The Smithsonian 11/04/07 Drait 2.
4) 4) text: A BOX OF STYROFCAM PEANUTS. The ROMANS tumble end-over-en into the Styrofoam. Jedediah and Octavius land nose to no More styrofoam is dumped on top of; them.
6) 78) dialog: Of course, we're okay! it’s an honor, : Larry! They don’t just select anyone. a We've been hand picked! |
17) 8) dialog: Lawrence! As they pase Octavius, he leaps down, and Larry catches h Octavius looks back to Jed, still in his cage. He calls o OCTAVIUS (CONT’D) Stay alive! I will find youl Larry sticks Octavius in his shirt pocket. Custer drives motorcycle straight towards an EXIT door.
23) 15) dialog: By Mercury's ankles! Your pocket is the toilet of history! (sees Amelia) And who ig this magnificent creature?
23) 18) dialog: Oh, I like her, Larry. to Amelia) Perhaps, Miss Earhart, when this is all ever, you and I could-- (CONTINUED )
23) 22) dialog: I'm sorry, Larry, are you two together?
23) 24) dialog: Right. (winks at Amelia) Focus.
23) 26) dialog: If we do not meet again, be bound in the pa not retreat in the face of their enem
23) 30) dialog: Not technically a word, but I appreciate the sentiment. Farewell, Lawrence. (to Amelia) My Goddess. Larry rolls his eyes, sets Octavius down. He fits through gate and under the door. Suddenly, a TINY ARROW hits Larr the back. He turns as THREE LITTLE CHERUBS fly into the room. They don't look cute at all, but are firing cupid ARROW after ARROW towards Larry and Amelia. Larry pulls Amelia into a corner as the Cherubs approach, laughing and shouting in ITALIAN.
25) 145) dialog: I promised to bring help, and help I will bring. He is “scoping out” the White House. The gate is guarded SECRET SERVICE MEN. More SECRET SERVICE MEN patrol the ia
25) 146) dialog: Four men at the gate. Two on the roof. Fools. What idiot bui this place without a moat? Weil. fe's only one way I’ll get through -~- a direct assaul (He draws his sword} oO are abo! vistory
25) 153) dialog: Chaaasaaaaaaaaaaaaaarge! wi shot x z awn: you can’t even. see or hear tiny Octavius. The Secret Service patrol, unaware. H has to stop in the middle of the lawn, winded. He catches breath, then raises his sword, screams and keeps running,
25) 211) dialog: 
25) 213) dialog: (whispers to himself) Jupiter protect me. OCTAVIUS'S POV: a GIANT SQUIRREL stares at him, like something out of King Kong. The Squirrel lets out a giant ROAR: (to Octavius’ tiny ears)... It's terrifying. Octavius holds still, as the Squirrel sniffs his face, li the T-rex in Jurassic Park. (whispers Remain very 5%.
25) 214) text: It bites Octavius’ helmet, the Squirrel picking him up of the ground. He fights to hold onto it, but the Squirrel i too strong. The Squirrel tries to “crack” the helmet like nut. Octavius slowly raises his sword, starts speaking in calm voice.
25) 215) dialog: Hear me, oh Mighty Beast, I defeated two hundred armored elephants at Malventum. I suffered ten thousand arrows at Arausio... and so, on this night, as Mars is my witness, you will not have my hat! Octavius jabs his sword at the Squirrel, which causes the giant animal to drop him. As Octavius squares off for bat the Squirrel easily swats the sword out of his hand, and back hands the little Roman off his feet. ' The Squirrel then grabs his foot, and drags him into some bushes. Octavius disappears into the bushes -~ he is gone
25) 216) dialog: Nooocoo!!1
41) 43) text: Everyone turns: Across the room, a tiny figure appears in door: it’s Octavius: wet, tattered, and riding the squirr like a stallion. He eries out, dramatically:
41) 44) dialog: The mighty Octavius has returned! Do you wish to surrender honorably, Kahmunrah ~- or must this end with the spilling of your blood?!
41) 47) dialog: You're safe now, Lawrence. Rescue is at hand.
41) 51) dialog: Last chance, Pharaoh. You have been i warned. KAHMUNRAY i Farewell mouse-man. I only wish I had tsatsiki sauce to dip you in.
41) 52) text: OCTAVIUS i very well! (He raises his sword) Chaaar- i GULP. Octavius is gone. Larry shakes his head. Jed glares Kahmunrah with vengeance in his eyes. JEDEDIA ‘ You just ate my friend, Kahmasabe. I swear, as sure as we’re standing here, I'll see you dead before dawn.
41) 91) dialog: Hold on! He rams the glass with his shoulder, hard. It hurts. JEDEDIAH . . Believe it or not, I tried that aiready. Octavius WHISTLES to the squirrel, The Squirrel knocks th Hourglass over. It hops onto the HOURGLASS, on its side, runs on it (like a hamster in a wheel.) It ROLLS the hourglass ACROSS THE FLOOR - where it shatters against a wall. Jed gets up, an dusts himself off. They turn - to the BATTLE OF GIANTS around them: Octavius draws his sword, hands it to Jed, is thrown another from of his legions.
41) 92) dialog: Tonight -- we dine in hell! tn a TRACKING SHOT STRAIGHT OUT oF 300 - Jed and Octavius charge through the pattlefield, leaping, stabbing, slicin heroically -- at the ANKLES of the SOLDIERS. Evan little tle Einstein gets into the act, biting into someone’s shin...