4) 0) text: In a SERIES of QUICK SHOTS and violent SWISH PANS, we are hurled into the midst of a violent scuffle. Someone is be beaten up in the baggage car but because of the dim light the trunks and boxes and the incessant clattering of the wheels, we cannot recognize exactly what is going on. We sense, however, that it is three men against one and when finally the victim collapses on the floor we do manage to a full face CLOSEUP of the chief assailant, REACE. He is hulking, giant of a man with an ugly prizefighter's face. leans over the lifeless body as we hear the other two men speaking in the b.g.
91) 0) text: The station has been recently commandeered by the FBI and temporarily converted into a small operations room with telephones, a police radio receiver and a.large map of th area on the wall. Several men with guns strapped in holst under their arms are busily making calls and taking notes The two Policemen bring in George and Grover, and hand ov George's empty gun to a tough, cigar-chewing plainclothes known as the CHIEF. The Chief looks at the gun, ignoring George's angry sputterings.
91) 2) dialog: You George Caldwell?
91) 4) dialog: I want some information from you and I want it fast.
91) 6) dialog: We know that and if you weren't so dumb you would have realized we planted that news story for your own protection. I've had men posted in every station since Dodge City trying to pick you up while you're gallivanting around the countryside wasting valuable time.
91) 8) dialog: Let's see what you do know, Here. (hands over the gun to a surprised George) How many men has Devereau got on the train?
91) 10) dialog: What's his plan after they get to Chicago?
91) 12) dialog: Closest is the Harris Mill Junction. Contact the railroad. Tell them make out like it's a routine emergency inspection. Have Bronsky bring his men up in choppers from the south and get the passengers off the train. I don't want any shooting. We'll be there as soon aS we can. The men go about carrying out his orders. He turns to Geo and Grover who have both shed their towels and blankets.
91) 13) dialog: Caldwell, you come with us. (to Grover) Steward, what do you want to do? Cont. 465
91) 16) dialog: (to the two Policemen Take him anywhere he wants, boys. C'mon, Caldwell. He throws George a box of shells, takes some for himself exits out the wire screen door followed by the Policemen. George lingers to say good-bye to Grover, who as soon as Chief is gone steals a cigar off his desk. They look in e other's eyes both realizing they have grown very fond of other in their short adventurous relationship and that th will more than likely never see each other again. George looks at the gun in his hand and shrugs.
94) 0) text: George is sitting next to the Chief. He turns to him but the Chief is far too locked up in his own private thought to notice. George looks out the window. our 154
104) 0) text: The police entourage drives across the tracks at the rear the train and parks by the abandoned mill. ‘The Chief is first out and walks over to Bronsky. George follows.
106) 0) text: The Chief is questioning Bronsky on the evacuation of the passengers.
106) 3) dialog: “Hold it right there, Devereau! Devereau stops and sees the Chief. He recognizes him, aim his rifle and fires. Whiney fires, too. The Chief is not hit but he and the others immediately take cover and retu the fire. George falls to the ground and crawls quickly t safety behind some railway ties. Meanwhile passengers are screaming and running for cover. The Fat Men drop their groceries and hot waddle it to the protection of the mill The Blue-Haired Lady shrieks, her poodle barks and Plain falls flat on "Mary-Lou."
114) 0) text: Devereau pops up and fires several rounds at them. The helicopters fly away. INT. THE CHIEF'S HELICOPTER - DAY c-182 The Chief gives directions to one of his sharpshooters.
114) 1) dialog: Take another pass. Watch out for the engineer but get me Devereaul
119) 0) text: The Chief looks over and sees the other chopper.
119) 1) dialog: Bronsky's been hit. Maybe...
125) 0) text: The Chief and the Rifleman wince at Devereau's death.
127) 0) text: The chopper is flying alongside the Silver Streak. ‘The Rifleman gestures to the Chief.
127) 2) dialog: It's Caldwell. In a flash the Chief recognizes the danger. He turns to the Pilot,
127) 3) dialog: Get back to the junction. Call ahead and tell them they've got @ runaway train.
131) 0) text: The Chief's helicopter lands and the Chief runs over to t police van where the Operator is talking on the radio pho How's it going?
131) 2) dialog: This is Chief po: . Who's this? "on#tdson our 204 465 107
132) 2) dialog: Assistant? Get me your boss.
132) 4) dialog: It's not my problem. You've got a dead engineer and a runaway train that's going to hit Chicago in twenty-five minutes. Now what are you going to do about it?
135) 0) text: A now very nervous Jarvis is back on the phone talking to Chief.
136) 1) dialog: Great! Now you've got the facts why don't you just throw one of those switches and have the train run off on a siding,
136) 3) dialog: Then what the hell are you going to do? There are people riding on that train!
136) 5) dialog: Derail it! In the middle of the yard?
136) 7) dialog: You better do something, you idiot. Because in ten minutes you're going to have two hundred tons of locamotive smashing through Central Station on its way to Marshall Fields! The Chief angrily hangs up the phone. He turns to the rad Operator.
136) 8) dialog: They can't stop it.