51) 1) text: Behind George's back a pair of handcuffed hands suddenly . appear and grab him by the shoulder. They belong to a y black dude in the backseat by the name of GROVER MULDOONE
51) 2) dialog: ‘Hey, man... :
51) 5) dialog: I'ma thief. Now, if I ain't gonna freak you out again, would you mind handing me that set of keys. He points to a set of keys on the dash.
51) 7) dialog: _ You handled that pretty good back there with old Oliver. I was listening. What they want you for anyway?
51) 9) dialog: .The big one. Well, maybe you could arop me off at the next corner. I want to thank you but I don't mess with the big time. :
51) 11) dialog: 
51) 13) dialog: Make a right up here, then take the first left. I'm coming over. He gets ready to climb into the front seat when George suddenly makes the right turn. Grover tumbles forward and down under the glove compartment. He manages after a few moments of verbal abuse to pull himself together and sit om the seat. He is wearing a flashy blue silk jacket with Oriental dragon emblazoned in gold on the back (along wit the words: When I die I'll go to heaven because I've spen my time in hell. 82nd Airborne Division.") He straightens it out with style. Cont, 465 63 89 Cont.1
51) 14) dialog: Shit, man! Is that how you murder your victims? Put ‘em in a car and Shake 'em to death.
51) 16) dialog: Sorry? Sorry, my ass. You are one dangerous dude. It proves one thing though. You don't do this for a living.
51) 18) dialog: Well, I'll take over in a minute. Just don't make any more sudden moves while I find out the game plan for tonight. He turns on the police RADIO and tunes into Chauncey's vo
53) 4) dialog: For Chrissake, you're the Man! Let's turn on the sirens and get these weirdos off the road. He leans over and switches on the police red lights and wailing SIRENS. George speeds up. The truck ahead pulls over and George whizzes by. Suddenly a big semi-trailer erosses at the intersection in front of them. Grover yell and springs for the wheel but George sees the danger in t and turns the car, avoiding by inches a certain crash wit the back of the semi. The police car rides off the should of the road, bumps across a field and spins halfway round pefore coming to a dusty halt. George looks over at Grove After a pause he speaks with the calm of a Sunday School teacher addressing a favorite pupil.
55) 0) text: Grover is listening while he drives.
55) 1) dialog: The double block, huh? Okay, Oliver, that's all I wanted to know. {turns the radio down and looks over at George) Better buckle yourself in there, killer. What's your name, anyhow?
55) 4) dialog: I'm Grover T. Muldoone so you ain't got nothing to worry about.
55) 6) dialog: I got the nerve and I got the touch. He turns off all the lights in the car including the head lights. George looks concerned as Grover doesn't reduce speed but continues driving by the light of the moon. Gro gestures at George's seat belt.
55) 7) dialog: Pull it tighter. That's it. (smiles) No _ sweat, man, I used to do this all the time in Texas.
55) 9) dialog: Demolition derby,
55) 14) dialog: (incredulously) . Slow down? You just keep your eyes open, brother. I'm gonna make a criminal of you yet. ! He speeds up and snaps his headlights on.
55) 22) dialog: Wowee! George, pale and shaken, blinks twice and checks the beat of his heart. Chauncey's voice comes over the police radi
55) 24) dialog: Hey! Oliver. This is Grover T. Muldoone. You want to know what happened, man?...I just whipped your ass, you mother, I just whipped your ass!
57) 0) text: George looks over at Grover, shakes his head and smiles, Grover is grinning from ear to ear. He flips the mike bac on the dash and blasts off into the night.
62) 2) dialog: Following the plan.. Only I changed my mind. Isn't she a beauty?
62) 4) dialog: The Chevy? That's handjive.. (with feeling) This Porsche is a pussy!
62) 6) dialog: Aw, don't worry. With this baby we're sure to get to Kansas City on time.
62) 8) dialog: Yeah. Better go back and watch the guard. Goon. This'll only take a second. Grover goes back to hot-wiring. George reluctantly gives in. Muttering curses to himself he scurries into the shadows of the parked cars and begins crawling back towar the office. .
63) 0) text: his. way through the artificial shrubbery George hsars Grover start the engine. It stops. George wipes the sweat from his face and crawls to the rear window he looked in before. Cautiously he raises his head and peers inside. The couch 1s empty. our 14. : a 120
64) 1) text: Hold it right there, nigger. Grover recovers and waves a greeting. “GROVER Hey, man. What's shaking?
64) 5) dialog: Sure, man, but I'd really feel a lot easier if you would just lower that rifle a little. Cont. 465 69 121 Cont. Suddeniy from behind the office, George leaps off the por and does a flying tackle ‘that knocks the Night Watchman the ground. George stands up, quickly kicks away the rifl picks up his gun which has fallen from his belt and shout angrily at Grover. .
64) 6) text: A pussy, huh? Get in the car! Grover is wild-eyed with delight, as he runs around to th driver's seat. . GROVER . Woweeft And I took you for an amateur. It's embarrassin' | He hops in the Porsche and revs up the engine. George scrembies in the other side. With tires SQUEALING they charge out of the lot, turn onto the street and race off into the night. INT. THE PORSCHE - NIGHT i22 Grover is laughing‘excitedly while George is trying to pu himself together. —
64) 7) dialog: Man, that was beautiful! Ain't nobedy gonna mess with you. .
64) 9) dialog: You're a bad old dude, you know that?
64) 11) dialog: Yes, sir! And we're gonna make it with this little honey. You just settle back and go to sleep ‘cause it's Kansas City, Kansas City here we come! George smiles in spite of himself. He settles back to res while Grover road tests the power and speed of the Porsch
66) 0) text: Grover is sleeping and George is now driving. He is listening to the song from the radio and thinking about Hilly. Grover opens his eyes and stretches. He looks over at George and sees his deep concentration and furrowed brow.
66) 1) dialog: You thinking about her? George snaps out of it and looks over at Grover. He attempts a smile.
66) 3) dialog: That's the way it is with love. Fast! I always feel like I swallowed the Fourth of July. George smiles. Grover continues to try to cheer him up.
66) 4) dialog: Don't worry! Like you said, we'll just go in, get her off the train and let the police deal with the rest of it.
66) 6) dialog: But what?
68) 0) text: George and Grover enter the main door and walk toward the ticket sellers. George looks up at the blg clock.
68) 2) dialog: You buy 4 ticket and it's good-bye George.
68) 5) dialog: Well, why don't you shuffle over there and complain. He points to the "To Trains" entrance where two Pplainclo DETECTIVES are checking all the male Passengers as they s their tickets at the gate.
68) 7) dialog: They ain't from the Travellers Aid.
68) 9) dialog: (looking around) Good question.
68) 11) dialog: C'mon. They turn the corner and walk over to a shoeshine stand b the men's room. Grover goes up to the OLD BLACK GUY who runs it, and points at his little transistor.
68) 12) dialog: Hey, man how much do you want for that radio?
68) 14) dialog: We'll take it.
68) 16) dialog: C'mon, pay it. George takes out his wallet, and begins counting out thir dollars. He looks at Grover as if to say "I hope you know what you're doing." Grover doesn't notice. He points at the old man's colored woolen beanie. Cont. 72 127 Cont.1
68) 17) dialog: Hey, man, I dig that hat. Where'd you get it? I'll give you five dollars for it.
68) 19) dialog: (to George) Give him five.
68) 21) dialog: And another five for his shoe polish.
68) 23) dialog: Hurry up, man. We ain't got much time. He goes into the men's room. George is very confused. He counts out the rest of the money.
69) 0) text: Grover has put the transistor radio and the beanie on the shelf beneath the mirror. He stands at the washbasins wit the open tin of shoe polish and faces an outraged George.
69) 3) dialog: You want to get on that train, don't you? You want to save that girl? cCtmon. Take off your jacket, He helps George off with his coat.
69) 5) dialog: I didn't say I'd make you black, I said I'd make you colored.
69) 7) dialog: Hold still. Just think of it as instant suntan. He begins to apply the shoe polish on George's face with a@ paper towel.
69) 9) dialog: Don't believe it. When I was a kid I thought Al Jolson was a brother. Here, you do it. And blot it with this. He gives him another paper towel. George smears on the sh polish while Grover puts his wide, horn-rimmed sunglasses out on the shelf and takes off his jacket.
69) 10) dialog: Don't worry about the eyes. Just get the neck. Here, slip into this. He helps George on with his jacket and zips it up the fro
69) 11) dialog: Okay, stop for a second. Put this beanie on...Now put on the shades, Cont. 465
69) 13) dialog: Okay, just walk past them with this glued to your ear. Get it. (demonstrates ) Just step 1t out -- like you're king of the Shitkickers' Ball, Kinda cool and easy. Try it. George the transistor and George begins to imitate Jjivey walk. It is a disaster.
69) 14) dialog: No, man. Move your hips. Shake it. Get loose down there. All you whiteys have a tight ass. 465
69) 16) dialog: Move it and groove it. I'11 get the tickets and meet you outside. He exits. George turns down the radio and goes back to th mirrors to finish putting the polish on his hands. He beg practicing the jive talk to himself as well as the sly bopping dance,
70) 5) dialog: (smiles but also shakes his head) C'mon, Mister Bojangles. Let's get going.
71) 0) text: George has the radio up to his ear and is listening and Jiving as he and Grover walk up to the gate. The two Detectives see then coming and one nudges the other. Grov pauses and shows the tickets to the Attendant but George keeps on bopping and passes right by. The two Detectives the Attendant watch him go. They look at Grover. Grover looks back at them. He holds up his hand. Cont. 465 76 130 Cont.
71) 1) dialog: Den't tell me. : (pointing at George) That is one crazy nigger! They all nod in agreement.
75) 0) text: He takes off his beanie and Grover's jacket and suddenly realizes that his room is empty also. Cont. 465
75) 3) dialog: You sure this is your compartment? He takes off George's coat and puts on his own.
75) 7) dialog: Since you can't leave this room how do we do that?
75) 9) dialog: Okay, give me the gun. George gives it to him and Grover points it at George.
75) 10) dialog: And you'd better give me your wallet.
75) 13) dialog: I'm not going around asking questions without first finding me a porter's uniform. Dig? George picks up his jacket and gives Grover his wallet.
75) 15) dialog: with a smile) I know it, man. Crime costs. He flips George a funny salute and exits. George goes back to the bathroom, turns on the water and washes his face and hands with soap. As he is drying himself off, his eye catches something in the mirror. It is Hilly's cassette tape recorder left up on the upper rack in her room. He goes to look at it, '
77) 0) text: Grover enters hurriedly wearing a red porter's jacket he has managed to rent by bribing a friendly porter.
77) 1) dialog: Hey, man. Good news... He looks around at George's empty compartment and sticks head in the doorway of Hilly's to see if George is there. He listens at the bathroom door and knocks.
77) 2) dialog: Hey, man. Your girl's just moved down the hall. Shets... He stops and opens the bathroom door. George is not there but the water is still running. Grover turns it off and looks around. .
77) 3) dialog: Where's my man?
80) 24) dialog: Coffee, sir?
80) 28) dialog: Thank you, sir. I'll tell the cats in the kitchen. We all aims to please. (to Hilly) Coffee, honey?
80) 30) dialog: Go ahead, sugar. He ain't bullshitting, you know.
80) 32) dialog: She your girl? (winks obscenely) Boogidy-boogidy! She's all right, eh? Patootie-patootie!
80) 34) dialog: Yes, sir,
80) 37) dialog: Let me pour you some coffee. DEVEREAU . I said that will be all.
80) 38) dialog: Just a short cup. Grover begins pouring the coffee “into Devereau's cup but misses and some splashes into Devereauts lap.
80) 39) dialog: Whoops! Look what I done. ‘Devereau grabs his napkin and begins wiping himself off. is livid. ,
80) 41) dialog: I'm awful sorry, sir. Let me help you. Let me wipe that up. Grover takés another napkin and begins brushing down Devereau's suit. Devereau stands up in a rage.
80) 43) dialog: Hey, that ain't funny, sucker! What you cail me? An ignorant nigger? (whips out his gun) You want to play with me, man? Why you want to mess with me? Are you bad or something? I'1l whip your ass, you mother, I'll whip your ass | Devereau stares with wide-eyed surprise as Grover madly w the pistol in front of his face. George steps over.
80) 45) dialog: Ignorant nigger! Bullshit! I got a high school diplomal
80) 47) dialog: This is the bad ass? Unreal. George laughs and claps Grover on the back. Hilly doesn't understand what is going on.
80) 49) dialog: I'm a criminal.
80) 53) dialog: What's the matter, old dude? You ain't said shit. Devereau pulls himself together and smiles at Grover's jo As he speaks we see his hand move toward the button on th windowsill. He is so riveting and so charming that no one notices him press the button.
81) 0) text: George pushes Devereau before him down the corridor. Hill walks behind him while Grover, looking back over his shou makes sure that no one is following them.
83) 10) dialog: Hold it, hold it! How many bullets you got? You think this is a Saturday matinee? We got to get out of here. cont. 465 89 144 Cont. He creeps over and pulls back the side door directly behi them. He looks out toward the front of the train and shou
83) 11) dialog: Get ready! We're gonna cross a bridge.
83) 13) dialog: I'm gonna save my ass]
83) 15) dialog: Here it comes. A bullet zaps into the door by George's head.
84) 0) text: The Silver Streak rattles over the bridge as George and Grover surface. They tread water and watch it go. George muttering and swearing to himself as he and Grover swim t the nearest bank.
85) 0) text: The two fugitives pull themselves up on dry land and fall down exhausted. George takes a few deep breaths and begin to shake off the water. He glances at the empty gun still his hand. Grover looks at George for a long moment and finally speaks.
85) 1) dialog: What do we do now? Suddenly a calm voice comes down from the ridge.
89) 0) text: George and Grover are seated in the backseat with towels over their heads and blankets wrapped around their wet clothes. The two determined-looking cops in the front are solely intent on getting their passengers to their destin tion as quickly as possible. George leans forward.
90) 0) text: The police car careens up to the building and skids to a dusty halt. The police get out and open the back doors. They usher George and Grover up the wooden steps and insi
91) 0) text: The station has been recently commandeered by the FBI and temporarily converted into a small operations room with telephones, a police radio receiver and a.large map of th area on the wall. Several men with guns strapped in holst under their arms are busily making calls and taking notes The two Policemen bring in George and Grover, and hand ov George's empty gun to a tough, cigar-chewing plainclothes known as the CHIEF. The Chief looks at the gun, ignoring George's angry sputterings.
91) 15) dialog: (very Amos and Andy) Well, boss, I think I'll just go on home. This all been a nerve shatterin' experience for me.
91) 18) dialog: Oh, he knows a criminal when he sees one. George laughs. He shakes Grover's hand.
91) 20) dialog: My pleasure. George doesn't know what more to say. He grins, walks to the door and turns,
91) 23) dialog: You better shake it, partner. George nods, opens the door and leaps down the wooden ste
92) 0) text: He runs to the car and hops inside. Grover comes out of t station and waves.
92) 1) dialog: So long, killer! Keep it loose. George smiles and waves back as the car speeds off down t road. The other cars with wailing sirens follow in a long cloud of dust leaving only the two Policemen standing by their patrol car. Grover takes off the wrapper of the Chief's cigar and walks over to them. One Policeman opens the back door for him. cont. 465 94 153 Cont..
92) 3) dialog: Well, officer... strikes a match on he side of the car) I left my Porsche in Kansas City. He lights the cigar, flips away the match, takes a final at the cars way off down the dusty road, and hops inside.
108) 1) dialog: Hi, killer. What's happenin'? Grover grins and with easy professionalism loads the gun.
108) 3) dialog: What the hell's going on? Who's in charge here?
108) 6) dialog: Huh? Oh, yeah...You forgot your wallet. -He hands over the wallet which George accepts with a wry
108) 8) dialog: (looks up) Hey, isn't that Hilly? George nods. Grover motions for him to follow.
108) 9) dialog: C'mon. with Grover in the lead the two drop back and begin to ci around toward the rear of the train.
111) 0) text: George and Grover run down the corridor past the Professo old room toward the diner.
115) 0) text: Johnson has finished Clearing the glass from the window. kneels down and takes aim.on the second helicopter. Just then Grover runs through the door. Before he sees Johnson Johnson sees him and, swinging around quickly, fires. Gro crashes into some tables and tumbles to the floor while h gun slides out into the aisle. Hilly screams. George ente and dives for the gun.. Johnson sees him and stands to fi Hilly picks up a chair and smashes Johnson in the chest w it. He turns to knock her with his rifle when George pick up the gun and fires. Johnson staggers back with a bullet hole in his, chest. He falls, grabs at a tablecloth and r under the table, dead. George runs to Hilly and she holds him tightly. after a moment he looks at her.
115) 3) dialog: ‘Holy shit! I chipped my tooth!
117) 0) text: George, Hilly and Grover look out the window and see the helicopter flying straight at them. They all quickly take cover and drop to the floor.
120) 0) text: At the SOUND of gunfire George races to the broken window and looks out toward the engine. Hilly and Grover crowd behind him. George sees Devereau leaning out of the engin ready to fire at the helicopter. He turns back inside.
128) 0) text: Grover has his head at another window, Cont.
128) 2) dialog: There goes the choppers. And here comes the station.
129) 4) dialog: No driver?
129) 12) dialog: The roof? George mutters an agreeing oath.
134) 0) text: George, Hilly and Grover are moving down the corridor whe the door opens and Ralston steps out. He has the bandage around his head and is feeling a little woozy.
141) 7) dialog: That's impossible!
144) 0) text: Lying flat on his belly George slides himself down toward bolt. Grover and Hilly are holding him while he looks at Cont. 465 112 222 Cont. speeding railway tracks below. He finds a place for his h and inches his way toward the pin. He gets his hand on it and tries to move it. It won't budge. George wipes the sweat from his face and mutters an oath,
145) 0) text: The Silver Streak is flying by signal towers and along th mazes of crisscrossing tracks. INT, THE CONNECTING PLATFORM - DAY 22h George tries again without success. He has to move closer for more leverage. Grover leans over holding him by the belt, while Hilly holds his leg. George gets his hand on the pin again and gives it a mighty pull. It moves.
148) 0) text: George makes another attempt at the pin. He moves it and pulls it up but he hasn't got the strength or the leverag turn it to the left. He sweats and grunts. Hilly looks at him with an anguished face. Grover, holding onto George's belt, watches the tracks zipping by. He too is sweating profusely.
155) 0) text: George steps off the carriage and plants his feet firmly the ground. He draws a long breath and then turns to help Hilly down, She falls into his arms and they hold each ot for a moment of great relief and happiness. Grover steps and glances up toward the end of the track.
155) 1) dialog: Wow! Would you look at that! George and Hilly look up and the three of them walk off t the end of the platform. -
157) 2) dialog: (pointing) Look what it did to that car. INT. CENTRAL STATION - ANOTHER ANGLE ~- DAY aka The Silver Streak locomotive has taken a beating, althoug the whole front of the engine is incongruously draped wit the festive red, white and blue bunting from the Dodge Ca display. George and Hilly stand off and look at it.