2) 25) dialog: I beg your pardon? Cont. 465 14 Cont.;
2) 27) dialog: Oh... (sips her drink) Yes. x do,
2) 29) dialog: Do what?
2) 31) dialog: Oh.
3) 2) dialog: May I?
3) 4) dialog: I said, how's the latch? We have connecting rooms.
3) 6) dialog: There's no rush...Is there?
3) 9) dialog: A martini on the rocks with a twist. Make that two. GEORGE
3) 12) dialog: Hilly Burns.
3) 15) dialog: T'll have the Same. You do it for me,
3) 19) dialog: I'm a secretary,
3) 21) dialog: I give great Phone, George looks up from his printing. Hilly smiles innocentl
3) 22) dialog: And I have a terrific Personality. Are you going to Chicago?
3) 24) dialog: How come you're taking the train? Afraid of flying?
3) 26) dialog: My new boss loves the old-fashioned ways. He's written a new book on Rembrandt and is going to kick off the publicity campaign with a lecture at the Art Institute.
3) 28) dialog: Professor Arthur Schreiner. Heard of him?
3) 30) dialog: Most people haven't. He's been a recluse working on this book for the last twenty years.
3) 32) dialog: In bed with a glass of hot milk and molasses. He's a health nut. What do you publish?
3) 34) dialog: Like sex manuals?
3) 36) dialog: An authority, huh?
3) 38) dialog: Interesting, Are you married?
3) 40) dialog: How come?
3) 44) dialog: Not really. fr got the job with the professor because 1 Was available and willing to travel, His old secretary had Some freaky accident last week -- drove her car off the Santa Monica Pler,
3) 51) dialog: You do that very well. George picks up his martini and smiles back.
5) 0) text: The dining car is practically empty. A few remaining gues are paying thetr checks and the waiters are clearing the tables. But Hilly and George are oblivious to everything except each other, An empty half-bottle of champagne stan on the table and both of them are relaxed and pleasantly feeling its effect. Hilly is finishing a funny story ard laughing at herself.
5) 3) dialog: Look, he was very good to me. I learned everything from the pill to Picasso.
5) 5) dialog: A marriage license.
5) 7) dialog: I did then. Right now -- I'd like some more champagne. George picks up the bottle and sees it is empty.
5) 9) dialog: Two.
5) 11) dialog: We might even open the connecting door.
5) 13) dialog: I'll speak to the porter.
8) 0) text: True to her word Hilly has gotten the porter to push back partition and make their two rooms into one. The effect i remarkably spacious -~ and very romantic as the two couch have been turned into beds. George looks around and smile
8) 3) dialog: You put that very nicely.
8) 5) dialog: Please. cont. 465 George begins undoing one of the bottles.
8) 9) dialog: Juggling. When you practice the balls would always bounce off the walls. She demonstrates with three imaginary balls. George smile and pops the cork. He fills the glasses.
8) 11) dialog: (slyly) I know what goes where -- and why. George stops, looks at her in the eye and she smiles back nocently. He grins and they begin chuckling with an easy filled sensuality. George offers her a glass of champagne
8) 13) dialog: Thank you.
8) 15) dialog: Trains that pass in the night. They sip.
8) 16) dialog: Why don't you take your shoes off? You're supposed to put them in that little locker and the porter will have them shined for you in the morning.
8) 19) dialog: Uh-huh. He gave me that copy for safekeeping. Want to read it? George puts his shoes in the little locker near the door.
8) 22) dialog: Beautiful, isn't 1t?
8) 24) dialog: George?
8) 26) dialog: Do you really edit sex manuals?
8) 28) dialog: oh?
8) 30) dialog: (smiling) Really?
8) 32) dialog: An authority?
8) 34) dialog: Well then, is there anything you might want to pass on?
8) 38) dialog: Is that so?
8) 40) dialog: They like it rough, huh?
8) 42) dialog: Great. What else should I know?
8) 44) dialog: Tell me. I'm all ears. She snuggles into his neck and begins biting his ear.
8) 46) dialog: No kidding?
8) 48) dialog: (wanting to get it straight) So you're saying: ‘what's good for azaleas is good for begonias.' Cont. 16 21 Cont.3
8) 50) dialog: George, this is fascinating.
8) 52) dialog: I'd like to delve deeper.
8) 54) dialog: Well, then, what would happen if you treated an azalea like a nasturtium? George glances at the window -~ and freezes.
9) 0) text: Hilly has seen nothing but she looks up at George, starin transfixed at the empty window.
9) 1) dialog: George. What is it? Are we finished with flowers?
9) 4) dialog: What? ,
9) 6) dialog: Hey, hey, hey! Lighten up! She gets off the bed and takes hold of him.
9) 7) dialog: C'mon now. Sit down. You need a little more champagne.
9) 9) dialog: Okay. Here. George sits and Hilly pours him some champagne. George drinks it down in one gulp.
9) 11) dialog: Me neither.
9) 13) dialog: Of course. I'm sure you saw something. An old newspaper. A kid's kite. Look, like thatt She points out the window. The train WHISTLE SCREAMS agai and we see a white signal box whip by. George's convictio is momentarily shaken.
9) 14) dialog: It could have been anything out there.
9) 16) dialog: More clear than your head. George, 465 you imagined it. Cont.., 465 REVISED - “THE SILVER STREAK" ~ 4/3776 18 23 Cont.1
9) 18) dialog: All right then, call the conductor and tell him your story.
9) 20) dialog: Where would he get that idea?
9) 22) dialog: Come here. Hilly fluffs up his pillow and urges him to put his legs George rubs his forehead.
9) 24) dialog: Lie down. George falls back on the bed with a sigh. Hilly picks up cassette recorder which stopped playing when George knock it over and looks around for a place where it will be saf She starts the music ("Hilly's Theme") and puts it on a h overhanging rack near the window.
9) 26) text: The mind plays funny tricks all the time. You know that. Just relax and forget it. Hilly turns off the lights and lies alongside George. He looks at her for a long moment.
9) 28) dialog: Yes, it is, He kisses her gently on the lips and then looks at her wi a@ great deal of tenderness. Cont. 465 19 23 Cont.2
9) 30) dialog: I like you, too. He moves forward again and they kiss long and passionatel
11) 0) text: George, looking bright-~eyed and happy, exits from the ba room where he has washed and shaved. He puts on a clean s and hums to himself "Hilly's Theme," as he buttons it up. Hilly is lying in bed, deep in a relaxed and contented sl George looks at his watch and picks up a train schedule t see when they will arrive at the next station. He puts th schedule in his back pocket, sees the empty champagne bot and picks it up with fond remembrance of the lovemaking t night before. Then he remembers his vision of the dead ma and his expression changes. He steps to the window and ig ing the desert in bloom stretches his neck to try to see roof. Unsatisfied, he steps to the next window, folds up bed. to make the couch and tries again to see the outside of the train. He finally gives this up, looks at the bost and drops it into the wastebasket. He goes over to Hilly smiles down at her. : Leaning forward to gently touch her hair, he knocks the : Rembrandt book off the chair. He picks it up and notices envelope stuffed with papers sticking out from under the jacket cover. He pats the envelope back in place and is a to put it down when he turns it over to look at the autho picture on the back. He gasps with surprise for the pictu of the grey-haired old man with the white goatee is the s man he saw hanging dead outside the window. The train lur and George staggers. Turning quickly to Hilly, he shakes awake, .
11) 2) dialog: What, what?... She sees George and gives him a sexy, kittenish smile.
11) 3) dialog: Oh, hello, George. Cont. 465 20 25 Cont.
11) 5) dialog: George, that's my boss. That's Professor Schreiner.
11) 7) dialog: George, what time is it?
11) 9) dialog: Eight! Wake me again after ten. She closes her eyes and lies down, cuddling up to a pillo
11) 11) dialog: Yeah. Well... (she thinks sleepily) Why don't you go and discuss it with him and then come back here later and discuss it with me. His room is just past the diner. Room D.
11) 13) dialog: Good night, George. You're a wonderful gardener. George walks away from the bed and paces to his side of t room. He looks at the book again and throws it into his o briefcase with such force that the lid closes over it. He not sure what to do. He looks at the window and finally m up his mind. Taking his coat from his closet, he puts it: and exits.
14) 0) text: Meanwhile Hilly is still sleeping. We PAN from her to the door and it opens slowly. A man steps in and closes the door behind him. : As we PAN UP we see he has a gun in a shoulder holster. H steps forward and we see his face -~ an ugly, prizefighte mug with a sneering mouthful of solid gold teeth.
28) 0) text: Taking great care not to be seen, George follows Devereau Hilly down the. center aisle with roomettes on either sid
29) 0) text: At the end of his car George waits and peers around the corner. Hilly has stopped by her door. She talks for « second to Devereau and then steps inside. Devereau walks forward to the baggage car. As soon as he disappears, Geo goes to his compartment and steps inside.
30) 0) text: The first thing we notice is the partition between his an Hilly's rooms has been put back up and the connecting doo closed. George listens for a moment at the door and then opens it slowly. Hilly is kneeling on the couch sadly leoking out the window. She sees George and couldn't be more surprised. :
30) 1) dialog: George! George steps into her room.
31) 3) dialog: Tne matter? Who left who? The last I heard you were going to visit the professor.
31) 5) dialog: Oh, George...
31) 7) dialog: Threw you off!
31) 9) dialog: Oh, George. You've got it all mixed up.
31) 11) dialog: Hello, Roger. I'd like you to meet a friend of mine, George Caldwell.
31) 14) dialog: George was just telling me how he had been thrown off the train.
31) 28) dialog: George thinks the professor has been murdered.
31) 35) text: The door opens and PROFESSOR SCHREINER walks in. George i thunderstruck. and stares open-mouthedly at the trim, hea elderly gentleman with the white moustache and goatee -- very same person he had seen fall dead the night before. Professor has just stepped in to talk to Hilly.
31) 58) dialog: Oh, George. - (sympathetically) Here, let me fix your jacket. . GEORGE . No, that's okay. I've got another. He goes to the door and steps into his room. It is obviou that he is upset and jealous over Devereau's interest in Hilly but he feels that he has made such an ass out of hi self in front of both of them that he Just wants to get a
31) 61) dialog: Yes, do. .
59) 0) text: Whiney comes out of Hilly's compartment with her suitcase and takes them down the corridor. He enters Hilly's new compartment.
60) 0) text: Hilly and Devereau are seated by the window with Johnson, still made up as the Professor, cleaning his rifle in the
60) 1) dialog: I don't know. I met him last night. I'd never seen him before then.
60) 3) dialog: Well, it's the truth.
65) 2) text: The moon falls and the rising sun begins to burn the morn mist. On the track we HEAR "Hilly's Theme" while a SERIES OF SHOTS show the Porsche lyrically racing across the wide flat plains of Kansas.
66) 0) text: Grover is sleeping and George is now driving. He is listening to the song from the radio and thinking about Hilly. Grover opens his eyes and stretches. He looks over at George and sees his deep concentration and furrowed brow.
76) 0) text: Standing on her couch, George takes down the tape recorde He fondles it lovingly and presses the button. "HILLY'S THEME" begins to play. He listens to it for a moment end smiles. He starts to go back into his room when Hilly's door opens and she enters. She walks to the window then gasps as she sees George standing in the doorway.
76) 1) dialog: George! George runs to her side.
79) 0) text: George is lying on the couch with a wet towel on his head Hilly sits beside him and changes the towel for him. He stirs and opens his eyes. Recognizing Hilly, he begins to get up. He groans and holds his head.
79) 2) dialog: That's what I was going to ask you. George smiles ruefully.
79) 6) dialog: Devereau's got them. They found them in your jacket. Where did you find them?
79) 8) dialog: Poor George. I tried not to get | you involved. They came to me | yesterday and told me they had killed the Professor and unless I cooperated they'd kill me too.
79) 10) dialog: I'm sorry. I thought if I went along with them at least you would oo get away. I was really happy when you did... (tears come to her eyes) ---although I thought I'd never see you again. (chokes up) Oh, George. Hold me. She falls into his arms and he holds her tight. She sobs his shoulder for a few moments then he gently takes her r in his hands and kisses her.
79) 11) dialog: I've been so frightened.
79) 13) dialog: You did? I missed you, too. She kisses him again and snuggles into his shoulder. o~ HILLY George? c . 465 ont 465
79) 17) dialog: You've got shoe polish behind your ear.
80) 0) text: Devereau's suite, the largest and plushest we have seen, located on the other side of the train but the scenery cu side of lakes Hilly's room. the Rembrandt clearing away and Hilly and and marshy delta is the same as that seen from Devereau is seated at the window, looking over letters. A black STEWARD in a white jacket is the breakfast service. Whiney opens the coor George enter.
80) 26) dialog: (to Devereau) But the professor's book will still be published.
80) 29) dialog: (reacts) . No, thank you.
80) 48) dialog: Who are you?
80) 51) dialog: Oh? Hello. Grover smiles at Hilly while George turns to Devereau, ta Devereau's gun from inside his coat and throws it across room.
83) 8) dialog: I found themt She stands up with the Rembrandt letters. George smiles a for a second lowers his gun. A SHOT RINGS out and a bulle zips by his ear. Devereau yells out to Whiney and dives f cover behind some crates,
87) 0) text: Devereau is seated by the window calmly burning the Rembr letters page by page into the silver breakfast tray. ‘The train is picking up speed but he doesn't take his eyes of his methodical task. Hilly watches him seated on the couc opposite. Mr. Whiney stands at the door. Devereau says nothing. A KNOCK at the door. Whiney opens it and Johnson steps inside.
105) 0) text: Hilly and Johnson are looking out the window when Deverea and Whiney burst in. Johnson has several rifles laid out the couch. Devereau picks up, one along with several boxe ammunition. Whiney does the same. Devereau loads his rifl with ease, ignoring Hilly while talking to Johnson.
105) 3) dialog: You bastard! Devereau. opens the door and exits. Whiney follows. our 167
110) 0) text: Hilly has put a bandage around Ralston's head, but he is still very groggy. Johnson takes his rifle and the rest o the ammunition and pulls Hilly up off the floor. Cont. 265 icl 179 Cont.
110) 1) dialog: Where are we going?
113) 0) text: Johnson enters with Hilly and looks out the windows. He s the helicopters and roughly throws Hilly down at one of t tables. Taking his rifle butt, he smashes the train windo
115) 0) text: Johnson has finished Clearing the glass from the window. kneels down and takes aim.on the second helicopter. Just then Grover runs through the door. Before he sees Johnson Johnson sees him and, swinging around quickly, fires. Gro crashes into some tables and tumbles to the floor while h gun slides out into the aisle. Hilly screams. George ente and dives for the gun.. Johnson sees him and stands to fi Hilly picks up a chair and smashes Johnson in the chest w it. He turns to knock her with his rifle when George pick up the gun and fires. Johnson staggers back with a bullet hole in his, chest. He falls, grabs at a tablecloth and r under the table, dead. George runs to Hilly and she holds him tightly. after a moment he looks at her.
115) 2) dialog: I'm fine. How about Grover? They walk back to the pile of broken dishes, silverware a debris where Grover fell. George lifts up the tablecloth a stunned Grover staggers to his feet while tenderly feel his lips.
117) 0) text: George, Hilly and Grover look out the window and see the helicopter flying straight at them. They all quickly take cover and drop to the floor.
120) 0) text: At the SOUND of gunfire George races to the broken window and looks out toward the engine. Hilly and Grover crowd behind him. George sees Devereau leaning out of the engin ready to fire at the helicopter. He turns back inside.
126) 0) text: George too has seen Devereau's death. He pulls his head inside the window and the freight train rattles by. Hilly leans forward to see what happened but George stops her.
128) 3) dialog: Thank God it's over! George looks out the window as they approach Joliet. His face shows a mounting concern. :
129) 0) text: George and Hilly are seated together by the window watchi the station whiz by. She turns to him very troubled.
129) 1) dialog: Why didn't we stop? George stands up. He is pale and beginning to sweat.
129) 2) dialog: George, what's the matter?
129) 6) dialog: My God! What are we going to do? George looks over at the emergency brake in the corner of dining car. He races over and pulls it. ‘The cord comes o in his hand.
129) 8) dialog: (a gasp of horror) Devereau ordered Whiney to disconnect them, He cut every one of them throughout the whole train. 465 Cont. 465
129) 11) dialog: How? George looks up.
134) 0) text: George, Hilly and Grover are moving down the corridor whe the door opens and Ralston steps out. He has the bandage around his head and is feeling a little woozy.
134) 2) dialog: Are you all right? Ralston looks up, sees George and staggers back.
134) 4) dialog: No, no, He's all right. Listen, is there any way to gét to the engine without going over the roof?
138) 0) text: Hilly looks out the window and turns to George.
138) 1) dialog: What do we do?
141) 3) dialog: That's brilliant! cont. 465
144) 0) text: Lying flat on his belly George slides himself down toward bolt. Grover and Hilly are holding him while he looks at Cont. 465 112 222 Cont. speeding railway tracks below. He finds a place for his h and inches his way toward the pin. He gets his hand on it and tries to move it. It won't budge. George wipes the sweat from his face and mutters an oath,
145) 0) text: The Silver Streak is flying by signal towers and along th mazes of crisscrossing tracks. INT, THE CONNECTING PLATFORM - DAY 22h George tries again without success. He has to move closer for more leverage. Grover leans over holding him by the belt, while Hilly holds his leg. George gets his hand on the pin again and gives it a mighty pull. It moves.
148) 0) text: George makes another attempt at the pin. He moves it and pulls it up but he hasn't got the strength or the leverag turn it to the left. He sweats and grunts. Hilly looks at him with an anguished face. Grover, holding onto George's belt, watches the tracks zipping by. He too is sweating profusely.
155) 0) text: George steps off the carriage and plants his feet firmly the ground. He draws a long breath and then turns to help Hilly down, She falls into his arms and they hold each ot for a moment of great relief and happiness. Grover steps and glances up toward the end of the track.
157) 1) dialog: It's like a battlefield. They walk on. :
157) 3) dialog: I don't know about you but next time I take the bus.
157) 5) dialog: Looks to me like one of those Bicentennial displays.
157) 7) dialog: What's he doing?
157) 10) dialog: Crazy? Hets got the right idea. Let's get out of here. Let's go to a park. 465
157) 13) dialog: Yeah. I want to take my shoes off, lie back on the grass and have you teach me some more about gardening, George laughs and takes her in his arms. They kiss. The MUSIC comes in and we begin PULLING BACK, High above the crowd we take our last fond look at the Silver Streak. Parked in the middie of Central Station the focus of attention, it still seems to be flashing a wickedly satisfied grin. our 243