20) 0) text: RITA BABTREE, a large, self-reliant Southern lady in her sixties is seated on a stool milking one of the cows, She hears George enter but doesn't stop or turn around.
20) 1) dialog: If that's you, Pepe, you are in one heap of trouble. Cont. 25 37 Cont.
20) 3) dialog: Where's Pepe? GEORGE . I don't know. My name's Caldwell. George Caldwell. ~ Rita turns back to milking with a vengeance.
20) 4) dialog: Goddammit! I knew itl He's gone off again with that no-account Manuel. Those two get together, smoke a little weed, and the next thing they're out buzzing turkeys in the pickup. I should have fired him thirty years ago. George walks around so he is facing her.
20) 6) dialog: A telephone? You ain't from around here, are you?
20) 8) dialog: Thrown off? That a fact? I ain't heard of folks riding hobo on the Streak since the Depression.
20) 10) dialog: Thrown off, huh? Tell me, is there @ woman in all this?
20) 12) dialog: (chuckling) I knew it! Cont.
20) 15) dialog: Sounds like you're in a hurry?
20) 17) dialog: That's fine, ‘cause I'm running late myself. I'11 tell you what, Steve...
20) 19) dialog: Huh?
20) 21) dialog: Rita Babtree. If you finish milking Harriet over there I'll go change and you can ride into town with me. The Sheriff's a friend of mine.
20) 23) dialog: Take this bucket and milk her.
20) 27) dialog: Look, sit down, take a tit in each hand and let nature take its course. These cows are so full it's like tapping a trip valve on Niagara Falls. 46 3 Cont. 465
20) 29) dialog: Put the milk in here and I'll meet you outside in ten minutes. Rita exits. George puts down the stool and sits beside Harriet. He places the bucket beneath her udder and nervously rubs his hands together. Then, gingerly, he reaches out and takes a teat in each fist. He begins to squeeze and pull. Nothing happens. He tries again. Nothing. Harriet stops her chewing and looks around. Geor smiles at her and tries harder. This time one squirt spit into the empty bucket. George beams. He tries again. Another short squirt. Harriet grunts disgustedly. George stops and looks up at her.
21) 0) text: Rita exits from the house wearing jodhpurs and a leather jacket and carrying five large parcels tied up with strin She steps off the porch and is surprised to see George sitting in the front seat of the Chevy reading something while he waits for her.
21) 1) dialog: What are you doing, Steve?
21) 3) dialog: No, no. I mean what are you sitting in...? We ain't going in that.
22) 0) text: Rita flings open the barn doors and George stands staring an old-fashioned two-seater biplane parked in the center the hangar-like barn.
22) 1) dialog: Put these packages in the backseat with you and I'll get the wheel blocks. I only hope Pepe has filled it with enough gas. 4€5
22) 4) dialog: What's the matter? -- you afraid of flying?
22) 6) dialog: Great! ‘Cause it ain't no fun soaring with a turkey. Like Jack used to say -- you take some greenhorn up, do a few loop-the- loops and suddenly you got yourself an outhouse in the sky. (chuckling ) Oh, that Jack! He was something special. Rita puts on her flying goggles and her white scarf and climbs into the cockpit. George finishes stacking the packages in the backseat, and climbs in behind her. He takes
22) 7) dialog: C'mon, Steve. Hop to it! f want to be in Stavely by two o'clock.
22) 9) dialog: Sixty miles the other side of Albuquerque.
22) 12) dialog: I suppose so. Ready? Watch those parcels. Cont. 465 29 40 Cont. Rita starts the engine. George settles in the seat and straps himself in still smiling at the good news.
22) 14) dialog: They talk of the joy of sex, Steve, but it don't last like the fun of flying!
22) 19) dialog: Look at those sheep. Don't they make a lovely sight. Oh, I'm just itching to buzz them.
22) 22) dialog: You never buzzed sheep before?
22) 24) dialog: (chuckling to herself) Oh, I really shouldn't.
22) 26) dialog: Well, maybe just one run. Hold on, Steve. We're going in. Like a sheep dog of the skies Rita zooms down toward the sheep, soars over their backs as they scatter in bleating panic. She laughs with sinful glee.
22) 27) dialog: Look at those dumb little critters run!...O0h, my God, I'm a wicked old lady -- but ain't that a hoot! She chuckles some more and stares down at the flock. Obviously she is thinking of doing it again.
23) 0) text: An old yellow VW convertible speeds down a dusty road fro the little desert airport in the b.g. Rita is driving and George is sitting beside her looking very worried. He glances at his watch, shakes his head and shouts at Rita.
23) 2) dialog: We'll make it. Don't worry...But I guess we shouldn't have stopped to buzz those sheep. They speed on.
24) 0) text: Stavely.is a small western town situated at the foot of t Rocky Mountains and built on either side of a main street with the train station at one end. Rita and George come speeding into town and pull up in front of the Sheriff's office. An old PROSPECTOR is sitting in a chair by the do Cont. 465 31 46 Cont.
24) 1) dialog: The sheriff in, Burt?
24) 4) dialog: You want to go get the sheriff?
24) 6) dialog: So long, Steve.
24) 8) dialog: And this time try to stay on. gur 47