2) 5) dialog: Look at that. We leave California, then up to Nevada, across the desert, into Colorado, through the Rockies, Kansas City, Kansas, Ashford, Missouri, over the Mississippi -- and right up to Chicago, Illinois! Some trip, huh?
2) 8) dialog: I'm from Chicago. Name is Bob Sweet. A sweet man but a mean baby. He laughs. George shakes hands.
2) 10) dialog: What's your racket, George? (gesturing) Sit down, They sit,
2) 12) dialog: No kidding? I'm in vitamins myself. Here, : (takes a small box from his pocket) Here's a free sample, Vitamin E, Great for the old pecker,
2) 14) dialog: Yes, sir, that sturr really keeps the pencil sharpened. Hada chance yet to check out the action? Cont. 465
2) 17) dialog: Na kidding? Then you are in for the ride of your life. Pick yourself out @ little honey ang it's hug and munch all the way to Chicago.
2) 19) dialog: I do it all the time. I tell my boss I'm afraid of flying and so I get thirty-six hours of this action twice @year. It's a cat house on wheels. - (conspiratorially) - You see it's the movement of the train that does it. All that motion gets a girl horny.
2) 21) dialog: (looking up) Hold it right there, George. I think I've found my chickie for the night. Sweet stands. up and begins walking toward the bar. Georg turns round and sees that the blonde from his adjoining compartment has just entered and has ordered a scotch on rocks. Sweet approaches her and flashes his winning smile
2) 22) dialog: Hello, there. Can I buy you a drink? ‘ HILLY I have one, thanks.
2) 23) dialog: Well, I'll join you. Another Old Fashioned, bartender. He smiles again at Hilly. She Sips her drink. He leans ov
2) 24) dialog: (slyly) Do you go all the way?
2) 26) dialog: I Said, do YOu go all the way .. to Chicago?
2) 28) dialog: Well, maybe Wwe can do it together,
2) 30) dialog: Go to Chicago, .
2) 32) dialog: T mean, after all we're Ging to be stuck on this thing. We cantt Jump the tracks, Ha ha| (leaning erst) You feel that motion
2) 34) dialog: Huh? Hiliy Smiles with Smoldering Sensuality, De you feel hot? Sweet gets the Picture,
2) 35) dialog: lady, © always feel hot.
13) 1) dialog: Hey, George, you devil. Join me for coffee? .
13) 2) text: Yeah, I think Iwill. I just have to check on something. I'11 be right back. Sweet nods and George keeps on walking.
27) 2) dialog: I asked you to join me for breakfast. This is lunch.
27) 4) dialog: Oh, yeah? What were you doing back there? Getting yourself a little ass?
27) 6) dialog: You sexy devil! And you look like you worked up a sweat, too, ya horny bastard. George is not listening. He is watching Hilly. Sweet look around and turns back to George.
27) 7) dialog: Well, what do you expect? She's a hot little number and he's heavy competition.
27) 9) dialog: Doesn't everybody? Name is Roger Devereau, Chicago's own jet-setter. The Tribune is always talking about him. He's the big cheese on the board of the Art Institute. Like I say, heavy competition. Hilly and Devereau get up from the table. George ducks hi head so he won't be seen.
27) 10) dialog: You going to take him on? Hilly and Devereau exit out the far door. George stands u to follow.
27) 11) dialog: Let me know how it turns out. George walks down the aisle and out the dining car door.
32) 4) dialog: What are you -- a miniature alcoholic?
32) 6) dialog: Be careful you don't fall off. The bartender brings over Sweet's glass and George pours the contents of one of the bottles.
32) 8) dialog: What do you mean? George settles back to tell his story.
32) 10) dialog: You mean Professor Schreiner?
32) 13) dialog: Edgar whiney.
32) 15) dialog: I know. Go on.
32) 17) dialog: (Anterrupting) So you never saw the Professor?
32) 19) dialog: Where?
32) 21) dialog: What did he look like?
32) 23) dialog: What did he say to you?
32) 25) dialog: A scotch?
32) 27) text: 58 Cont.2 Sweet, who has been earnestly mulling over this informati snaps to attention.
32) 28) dialog: of course! He looks at George with a new gleam in his eye -- almost if he were another character -- and stops him from openin another of the little scotch bottles.
32) 29) dialog: That's enough of that! You. sober up. We've got work to do.
32) 31) dialog: Listen, that was no hallucination you had. The Professor has been murdered. The guy you saw this afternoon ‘is a fake. whe. GEORGE t? : Cont. 465 465
32) 33) dialog: I spoke with the real Professor 43 58 cont.3 last night. He didn't want anything to do with Devereau. Besides, he was a health nut. He didn't touch alcohol. ,
32) 35) dialog: My name is Stephens...I'm a Federal agent. (puts it away) We've been working on this case for two years. George has sobered up fast -- but is still
32) 37) dialog: I wasn't. I'm tailing Devereau. Let's go. He stands up. George picks up the bottles the bar while his mind races.
32) 39) dialog: confused. and puts them on Don't worry about it. I don't think they'1l kill her before we get to Chicago. I don't think they'11 even kill you -- till then. George gulps, smiles vaguely at the Bartend Sweet, walking briskly out of the lounge.
33) 0) text: er and follows 59 Sweet is making his way down the corridor with an alertne and @ purpose that we have not seen before. Fat Men steps from his room. Sweet keeps w
33) 1) dialog: Beat it, fatso. One of the falking. The Fat Man is shocked but scurries back to his room to l Sweet pass. George following behind is very impressed. REVISED - "THE SILVER STREAK" - 4/9/76 ak
34) 0) text: Sweet opens the baggage car door, and the two men step in and look around. It is basically a boxcar with some shelv built on the sides and some racks from which bicycles han upside down. Half of the storage is cardboard cartons, su cases, and large travelling trunks. The other is the equi ment for the "Sea and Sun" convention -- collapsible disp booths, signs, cardboard cutouts of "Mary-Lou," and vario items of sports equipment -- canoes, paddles, inflatable rafts, and underwater spear fishing outfits.
34) 1) dialog: Devereau's men must have brought the Professor here last night some time after nine o'clock.
34) 3) dialog: Because [ left him at nine, and because this is the one place where there is easy access to the roof. (pointing) Somehow he escaped, made it up that ladder and down the train before they shot hin. He walks out the far door and onto the outside platform. George follows.
35) 0) text: There is no covering over this platform, and Sweet begins climbing up the ladder.
35) 2) dialog: Yeah. The Rayner Tunnel is up ahead. Keep a lookout for me, will ya?
35) 4) dialog: Just watch out for low hanging signal arms. He finishes climbing and steps up onto the roof. George swallows hard and begins climbing up after him. 465 465
36) 0) text: Sweet is walking down the center of the car. He looks bac at George who has reached the top of the ladder, but who not yet willing to stand up on the roof. Sweet smiles and waves okay. He begins walking down the roof of the train, nimbly jumping over between the cars. George watches him with a great deal of trepidation. He looks down to his side and sees a great Rocky Mountain gorge several hundre feet below. It's obvious that there ain't anything that would get him to go walking on the top of this train. swe bends down and picks up something. He looks around, then makes his way back to the ladder. George climbs down and waits for Sweet. They both go into the baggage car and close the door, .
36) 3) dialog: It was hooked on a protruding bolt. George fingers the piece of material. It is obvious that it came from the dead Professor's jacket.
36) 5) dialog: I'll bet Devereau has already had the body picked up and placed in cold storage somewhere. Too bad. He was a sweet old guy.
36) 8) dialog: Devereau was going to be embarrassed by the findings in his book. Two of the Institute's Rembrandts -- both bought and authenticated by Devereau -- were going to be proved as forgeries, and the Professor had the proof in his posseasion. I asked him what this proof was. He smiled cagliy and told me I'd have to wait for his lecture.
36) 10) dialog: The idea I think was to kidnap then kill the Professor, substitute a phony look-alike who would botch the lecture and discredit the book. Sweet stands up apparently satisfied with his inspection the safe.
36) 11) dialog: We've got to find that proof.
36) 13) dialog: They were lying. That was the first place they looked before they began turning his room upside down. No, the Professor hid them somewhere -- some place simple...just as a precaution when he learned that Devereau was on the train. He had no time to -- cont. REVISED ~ "THE SILVER STREAK" - 4/9/76 ur 63 Cont.1
37) 4) dialog: Holy Toledo, I think you've found them. (looking through them) The genuine article, penned by the old boy himself.
37) 6) dialog: My guess is that there is some fact, some date in all of this that proves the charges the Professor makes in his book. And that means bye-bye, Devereau. (folding them up) Press the button for the porter. I want to get the conductor in here and radio a message to the next town. George presses the signal for the porter. He sits down an puts the letters back in the envelope.
37) 9) dialog: They're only the tip of the iceberg. That plane crash in Cologne was one of Devereau's specials -- a hundred people killed to cover up his involvement in the Metropolitan Gallery scandal.
37) 11) dialog: No proof. But with those letters we've got him. His multimillion dollar operation in art is going to bust wide open, and some important people, even several governments, are going to be caught in the blast.
37) 13) dialog: Remember your neck's on the line, too. You've already told them you saw the real Professor shot.
37) 15) dialog: You be responsible for Hilly. Just get her off the train and to safety. I'll deal with Devereau,
37) 17) dialog: I'm going to get the conductor to send a coded message to the Bureau. That will be relayed to my chief in Illinois. My guess is we'll make our move when the train gets to Dodge City tonight... Cont. 465 4g 65 Cont.1 A KNOCK at the door.
37) 18) dialog: Very appropriate. The old ‘Gunsmoke at the Okay Corral.' The train races into the tunnel as Sweet opens the door. Immediately the compartment is plunged into darkness, ani NOISE of the rattling wheels rises sharply in volume. W2 HEAR a gunshot and see a flash. Sweet groans. Gedrge y2ll Another GUNSHOT, another flash, and we HEAR the door clos George turns on the overhead lights as Sweet falls to the floor shot in the chest. ~
37) 20) dialog: Take my gun. Get the girl off, George hesitates. He can see that Sweet is dying...
37) 22) dialog: (fiercely, despite the pain Take it! George opens his jacket and takes Sweet's gun. Sweet groa and chokes up some blood.
37) 23) dialog: Leave me.
37) 24) text: No, I can't... The train comes out of the tunnel, and the noise and dari cease. Sweet looks at George. For a moment he seems to catch his breath. He grins ruefully, clutching his ches+.
37) 25) dialog: You know something? I get the funny feeling this bullet was meant for you. His body suddenly shakes -- and he is dead. George stares him horrified. A KNOCK at the door and Ralston, the porte enters, He steps into the room and looks down at George, ‘Ameeling over the bleeding body with a gun in one hand, the Rembrandt letters in the other. Ralston freaks! Cont. 465 50 65 Cont.2