4) 3) text: CHRISTOPH NORD, A.K.A. AGENT ZERO, looks more like a deat row convict than a military man. A family of tattooed spi walk down his neck.
4) 8) dialog: Pest Control Division. Working with exterminators.
4) 10) dialog: Still smoking cheap cigars? Logan spits the butt of the severed cigar from his mouth clenches his fists.
4) 20) dialog: Lumberjack. Eighteen grand a year.
4) 22) dialog: You content chopping down trees?
4) 24) dialog: Starting to miss it? picks up
13) 0) text: A black helicopter lands on a concrete helipad inside the walls of the massive compound. SENTRIES armed with assault rifles man the guard towers, scanning the perimeter with binoculars. Logan, Stryker and Agent Zero step out of the helicopter. Logan glances around the foreboding place before followin Stryker inside the main building. INT. SURGICAL PREP ROOM -— DAY Logan lies on his back on an examining table, naked save a strategically-placed towel.
19) 0) text: GENERAL MUNSON stands in the back of the room, observing experiment with great interest. Agent Zero leans against the back wall, bored, cracking h knuckles. Hines takes a seat beside Cornelius, who studies a readou his computer screen.
33) 5) dialog: Bagged or breathing?
43) 0) text: Agent Zero lies on his belly three hundred yards from the farmhouse. He lowers his sniper rifle and speaks into his headset.
43) 1) dialog: Weapon X is in the farmhouse. He just murdered two civilians. Fire at will. An APACHE LONGBOW helicopter streaks overhead, fifty feet above the ground.
49) 2) dialog: Locate the target and fire again.
50) 2) dialog: Repeat: locate the target and fire again.
56) 2) dialog: Your boy just took down fifty million dollars worth of hardware. Guess I got to do this myself. 46.
56) 5) dialog: Have a little faith, boss.
57) 1) dialog: Don’t care what kind of bones he’s got. Fifty caliber bullet through his eyeball ought to do it.
57) 3) dialog: I’‘m losing you, boss. Agent Zero clicks off his headset and. raises the sniper rifle, searching through the smoke with his scope. AGENT ZERO (cont‘'d) (muttering to himself) Come out and play...
59) 0) text: He throws the tarp off the ’48 Harley. James Hudson resto this bike with love and elbow grease. The chrome and leat shine as brightly as any new model on the factory floor. The key is in the ignition. This used to be a safe neighborhood. EXT. SHEEP BARN -— CONTINUOUS Logan bursts out of the barn on the Harley. The tires spi the snow but Logan is an experienced rider. He steadies t bike, steers it onto the blacktop and accelerates, headin the opposite direction from Agent Zero.
60) 0) text: Agent Zero grabs his rifle and jogs over to a black SUV w tinted windows and off-road tires.
61) 0) text: Logan speeds down the road, Agent Zero in hot pursuit. Ze gains ground, both hunter and quarry racing past 100 MPH.
62) 0) text: Agent Zero grabs an Atchisson assault shotgun from a rack behind his seat that holds an impressive array of weaponr He lowers the passenger window and gets a bead on Logan, swerves to keep himself (and his more fragile motorcycle) tricky target.
63) 0) text: Agent Zero fires six shells in rapid succession. Hundreds steel pellets scream over the motorcycle, perforating the face of a smiling farmer on a fertilizer billboard. Logan turns and sees the SUV closing on him. Agent Zero r the bumper into the Harley and Logan very nearly loses control, managing to right the bike at the last second.
63) 5) dialog: You ever notice good people tend to die when they spend time with you? He swings the knife at the side of Logan’s neck. ‘Logan catches Agent Zero’s wrist and slams it against the door frame. Agent Zero drops the knife with a pained smile. He didn’t think that would work. AGENT ZERO (cont’d) Maybe you should stick with the bad people. We’re more your speed.
63) 12) dialog: (smirking) Yeah? Tell me. The smirk fades from Zero’s face as he sees the adamantiu claws plunging toward his heart.