40) 0) text: JAMES and HEATHER HUDSON, a middle-aged farmer and his mi aged wife, are bundled up in heavy parkas. James drives; wife talks.
40) 2) dialog: Yep.
40) 4) dialog: ¥ep-
40) 10) dialog: -.-yep.
41) 0) text: James Hudson cautiously slides his barn door open. He hol an old shotgun in his hands, a gun he hasn’t fired in yea He advances slowly into the barn, sunlight from the open falling on the scattered straw. A vintage motorcycle cove in a tarp stands near the side wall. Hudson looks inside each sheep pen. His thick-wooled SHEE ready for breakfast, bleat hopefully. In the third pen Hudson finds Logan, who has covered hims with straw. A few curious sheep sniff at the fugitive’s f Hudson stares at Logan, who stares back somewhat, well, sheepishly.
41) 1) dialog: Son... What in hell are you doing?
41) 3) dialog: Uh huh. It’s the middle of January and you got no clothes on. LOGAN / y That’s probably it. f(CONTTNURENDY
41) 5) dialog: You’re not on the drugs, are you?
41) 7) dialog: Just had a rough night?
41) 9) dialog: All right, come on. I got some old clothes'1l probably fit you. al. He turns and Logan begins covering strategic places with of straw. JAMES HUDSON (cont’d) I’1l take you around back so my wife don’t see you again.
41) 11) dialog: Scared her? (snorts) I’m not worried about you scaring her.
42) 0) text: Logan sits at the breakfast table with James and Heather. wears an old plaid shirt, dungarees, and a pair of scuffe work boots. A heaping breakfast lies before him: scrambled eggs, pork sausages, pancakes with maple syrup, a steaming mug of coffee. Logan devours everything in front of him, looking up only nod in thanks as Heather scoops more food onto his plate.
42) 1) dialog: You mind if I ask where you came running from? (CONTTNURD)
42) 5) dialog: I’m just wondering. We're twenty miles from town. It’s a miracle you didn’t get hypothermia out there.
42) 7) dialog: You know motorcycles?
42) 9) dialog: Best bike Harley-Davidson ever made. First one with a seventy-four - cubic inch engine, hydraulic valve lifters, aluminum heads-- Heather stands to clear the plates.
42) 11) dialog: What-~ (CONTPTNITED ¥
44) 0) text: Logan checks James Hudson's pulse but finds none. He look when he hears the thrum of the military helicopter. Two Good Samaritans lie dead at his feet, slaughtered for sheltering him. Something bestial has entered Logan’s eye
59) 0) text: He throws the tarp off the ’48 Harley. James Hudson resto this bike with love and elbow grease. The chrome and leat shine as brightly as any new model on the factory floor. The key is in the ignition. This used to be a safe neighborhood. EXT. SHEEP BARN -— CONTINUOUS Logan bursts out of the barn on the Harley. The tires spi the snow but Logan is an experienced rider. He steadies t bike, steers it onto the blacktop and accelerates, headin the opposite direction from Agent Zero.
67) 0) text: Logan, riding James Hudson’s vintage motorcycle, rolls do the famous strip, lit by the mammoth neon signs above him He stops at a red light and stares at the lonely moon ris over the desert.