1) 0) text: LOGAN wakes with a wordless shout, sitting upright, shirtless, in a bed covered with shredded bedsheets. KAYLA SILVERFOX (25) wraps her arms around him and whispe in his ear.
1) 1) dialog: It's okay... shh... it’s okay. Logan pants, chest heaving, eyes wild, gripping the tatte sheets in his fists. Kayla holds him tight until his bone claws retract. KAYLA (cont'd) I’m right here with you. Okay? I’m right here with you. Kayla, a full-blooded Innu, wears her long black hair pul back in a ponytail. She’s been sleeping in one of Logan’s flannel shirts. KAYLA (cont’d) The war dreams or the one where you’re a kid? Logan takes a deep breath, finally calming down. He relax into Kayla’s arms.
1) 5) dialog: It’s nothing. Just a scratch. She kisses him. KAYLA (cont’d) We need new sheets again, baby.
4) 38) dialog: Nice. Logan, caught with a snowball in his hand, looks sheepish
5) 0) text: Logan drives Kayla home over roads slick with black ice. sings softly along with the country song on the radio.
5) 2) dialog: Stryker? Colonel Stryker? The one you told me about? {off Logan’s ned) What did he want?
5) 4) dialog: And?
5) 6) dialog: So why can’t they get someone else? Logan thinks about it for a moment. When he speaks there degree of self-loathing in his tone.
5) 11) dialog: Hey. You’re not a freak.
5) 13) dialog: You‘re not a freak. You've got a gift.
5) 15) dialog: The kids made cornhusk dolls today in Arts and Crafts. She reaches for her bag and pulls out a little doll. KAYLA . (cont ‘d) I made one for you. Kayla hands him the doll and he examines it by firelight. Given the limitations of the art form, it’s a skillful representation of Logan, unique hairstyle and all.
5) 17) dialog: You're Elvis with claws. The moon, swollen and red-hued, rises above the dark hill framed in the cabin’s window.
5) 21) dialog: You know why the moon's so lonely? Legan shakes his head. Kayla lies back, resting her head Logan’s leg as he plays with her hair. KAYLA (cont'd) She used to have a lover. Kuekuatsheu. They lived in the Spirit World and every night they’d wander the skies together. But one of the other spirits was jealous. Trickster wanted the Moon for himself. So he told Kuekuatsheu the Moon asked for flowers. He told him to come to our world and pick her some wild roses.
5) 23) dialog: Yeah, well, you do some stupid things when you’re in love. Kuekuatsheu didn’t know that once you leave the Spirit World, you can never go back. Now he’s trapped here. Every night the Moon searches for him and every night he sees her in the sky and howls her name... but he can never touch her again. For a moment they’re both quiet, contemplating the sad my
5) 25) dialog: Kuekuatsheu. The Wolverine. EXT. CABIN —- NIGHT Viewed from a distance, the little cabin looks warm and inviting, the firelight shining from the windows. Something watches from the edge of the dark woods. Someth monstrous, its black talons carving gashes in the trunk o pine tree. 16.
6) 0) text: Kayla drops Logan off at the logging camp. The site is already loud with motorized activity. TRIMMERS remove the limbs from fallen trees. TEAMSTERS in forklifts load logs onto flatbed trucks. Logan comes around to the driver's side window, holding h orange Husqvarna chainsaw in one hand.
6) 1) dialog: Be careful. Logan bends forward to kiss her on the lips. He turns and walks towards a crew of LUMBERJACKS circled around a SUPERVISOR with a clipboard. Logan turns when he hears a honk. Kayla leans out the win KAYLA (cont'd) I love you, by the way. Logan notices that dozens of lumberjacks are watching thi scene. He clears his throat.
7) 0) text: Kayla steers the pickup along the access road leading awa from the logging camp. (CONTINUED)
7) 6) dialog: Please? I’m already late.
7) 8) dialog: Thanks, fellas.
9) 0) text: Kayla sings along with the tape on the tape deck.
9) 1) dialog: Lolly Lolly Lolly get your adverbs here, Lolly Lolly Lolly got some adverbs here, Come on down to Lolly's get the adverbs here... Rounding a corner on the narrow access road, Kayla nearly collides with a man in a long black coat. She slams on th brakes and the truck shudders to a halt. The man’s back is turned to the truck, his head bowed. Hi hair hangs below his shoulders, clotted with dirt, as if been sleeping in the woods for weeks. Kayla leans out of the open truck window. Before she can speak, the man in the long black coat turns. It‘s not just his size that frightens us, though the man massive. It’s not just the four-inch-long black talons curling from his fingertips, or the gleaming fangs he lic as he smiles at her. What terrifies us most are his eyes. They are a shark’s e black and loveless and utterly inhuman.
11) 0) text: Logan sees the pickup truck in the distance. Even a hundr yards away he can tell that something is wrong. It seems impossible that he could run any faster, but now dees, reaching the truck in seconds. He sees the claw mar gouged through the steel hood. He sees the driver’s side door tossed onto the asphalt tw yards. from the truck. And finally he sees Kayla, curled in the fetal position o the side of the access road. Blood puddles beneath her. H skin has already begun to lose its color. He runs to her, kneels beside her body, hands checking fo pulse, listening for breath, trying desperately to find a sign of life in her lifeless form.
71) 7) dialog: {on answering machine) Hey, you’ve reached Kayla and Logan. We’re not home right now so please leave a message after the - beep and we’1ll get back to you as soon as we can. Bye} Beep. Logan replaces the receiver in its cradle and lies back, alone in the world.
83) 2) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. An aluminum baseball bat whirs through the air, smashing back of Logan’s head. Logan falls to the floor, unconscious. Victor Creed stands above him, staring at the flattened barrel of the baseball bat.
83) 9) dialog: (very quiet) You know who I am.
83) 18) dialog: They gave me a syringe full of hydrochlorothiazide.
84) 0) text: Perhaps the colors are desaturated to let us know that th is a scene we've witnessed before, or thought we did. Kayla sits behind the wheel of her pickup. Victor Creed w toward her, black talons raking five gashes on the hood. Kayla has been expecting him. She pulls her backpack out behind the seat and takes from it a hypodermic needle and plastic IV bag filled with dark blood. Creed tears the truck’s door off its hinges and tosses it twenty yards. Kayla injects herself with the hypodermic.
84) 1) dialog: Reduces the heartbeat to almost zero. Breathing virtually stops. Makes you flatline for six minutes. Kayla hops down from the truck. She holds out the Iv bag Victor, who casually pierces it with his claw. KAYLA (V.0.) (cont'd) I’d been drawing my own blood every night for the past week. I had four liters ready that morning. Kayla smears. her own blood on her body and empties the r of the bag on the pavement. She lies down in the puddle i fetal position, her breathing already beginning to slow. 82.
85) 2) dialog: Same as Victor. Stryker gave me a choice: spend the rest of my life in prison or come work for him.
85) 4) dialog: Shot my Daddy when I was eighteen. Big mistake. Should have shot him when I was seventeen.
85) 6) dialog: Maybe he had a heart attack after I shot him. Sat there and watched him bleed. After what that man did to me, I wish he died slower. Logan stares at her for a long time. KAYLA (cont'd) That sweet little girl you lived with in the cabin? That was all make-believe.
85) 8) dialog: I’m a good actress.
85) 16) dialog: My Daddy found out when I was twelve. Said a freak like me deserved whatever I got.
85) 19) dialog: (to Logan) Spent so much time getting you to love me, by the time the Colonel showed up I couldn’t get you to leave me.
85) 33) dialog: My mother told me that story. She takes a deep breath and turns to go. KAYLA (cont’d) It doesn’t matter. You won’t remember any of this.
85) 35) dialog: What?
85) 37) dialog: You don’t know where I come from. You don’t know what it was like.
85) 39) dialog: I didn’t have a choice.
85) 41) dialog: I’m sorry.
90) 4) dialog: You’re going to let Victor kill that woman. Stryker and Collins ignore her. KAYLA (cont’d) When you got me out of prison, you told me we were going to help people. Stryker continues to sign papers, never looking up.
90) 6) dialog: From the mutants? The phone rings. Stryker answers it.
91) 0) text: Logan sits panting in the chair, gripping the ends of the rests with white fingers, waiting for the next surge of electricity. It comes and he arches again, all the muscle his body contracting, the veins in his neck bulging. INT. VIEWING ROOM — CONTINUOUS Cornelius and his assistant watch Logan with no detectabl sympathy. They turn when Kayla walks into the room.
91) 1) dialog: Is he clean yet? Cornelius and the assistant face front again.
91) 3) dialog: He was good to me. Cornelius, fiddling with the amperage dial, curls his lip a sardonic smile.
91) 5) dialog: You should turn it off now. Cornelius turns and stares at her-
91) 10) dialog: You two have always hated each other. You should fight. The assistant blinks and begins to scowl, turning toward Cornelius just in time to get punched in the mouth. The two men brawl on the floor with the lack of skill you expect from two scientists.
92) 0) text: Kayla steps into the room. Logan sits slumped motionless the electric chair. She detaches the copper halo. The ski beneath the metal is singed but it quickly begins to heal Kayla stares. at the man she betrayed, hesitates for a mo and exhales. She unfastens the titanium manacles. Logan is still unconscious. Kayla shakes him gently.
92) 1) dialog: Hey. Wake up. Logan opens his eyes. He is clearly disoriented, as if wa from a long coma. He stares up at Kayla. KAYLA (cont’d) Are you okay? Logan stares at her, groggy and confused. KAYLA (cont’d) Do you understand what I’m saying? (beat) Do you remember me? In one blinding motion, Logan snatches Kayla by the throa and roughly pulls her to him. She does not resist.
92) 3) dialog: Please...
92) 8) dialog: Please... Creed’s killing your friend.
93) 8) dialog: Please! We shouldn’t be fighting each other. Stryker’s using us.
93) 12) dialog: What’s he gonna do with us when the other mutants are dead? Put us ina
93) 16) dialog: Get out of here. Hines doesn’t have to be told twice. She flees. Creed see his plaything running out the door. He snarls in frustrat
94) 3) dialog: We’re here as guests of Colonel Stryker. The sentries’ hostility shifts into apologetic obeisance.
94) 5) dialog: You boys are no longer needed here. Go back to barracks.
95) 17) dialog: Logan! Kayla runs down one of the steel staircases that clings t the cavern wall like fire escapes. . KAYLA (cont ’d} If we get closer to Stryker, I can work my magic. Logan stares at Stryker, his true enemy, the man who destroyed his life. Ten thousand clones encircle Stryker, stands on the raised podium in the cavern’s center.
95) 26) dialog: What are you doing?
95) 35) dialog: One of them could have survived. Logan glances at her. KAYLA (cont‘d) The clones. They’ve got your healing factor. Logan looks back at the devastation.