1) 0) text: LOGAN wakes with a wordless shout, sitting upright, shirtless, in a bed covered with shredded bedsheets. KAYLA SILVERFOX (25) wraps her arms around him and whispe in his ear.
1) 2) dialog: The one where I’m a kid. Kayla runs her fingers through his thick hair, kissing hi forehead. He sees that she has a small cut on her forearm takes her arm and looks at the wound. (CONTTNITED)
1) 4) text: LOGAN (cont'd) T cut you.
4) 0) text: The. small log cabin sits in a clearing in a jack pine fo Winter has come to the north country; the ground and tree branches are covered with several inches of snow. Logan chops firewood behind the cabin, splitting the logs with expert axe strikes, smoking a cheap cigar. His nose wrinkles as he sniffs the air.
4) 1) dialog: Smells like government. Behind Logan, two approaching men in dark suits and black overcoats glance at each other. Logan, halving another bl of wood, doesn’t turn around. One of the newcomers, STRYKER, was a colonel in the Speci Forces. He still has the look. His hair is cropped short, bearing is military, and his blue eyes are fierce. y
4) 5) dialog: How’d you find me?
4) 7) dialog: Agriculture? You working with farmers? Agent Zero grins. There is nothing pleasant about his gri
4) 9) dialog: {puffing on his cigar) Still shooting first, asking questions later? In one blindingly fast motion, Agent Zero pulls a customi automatic from his shoulder holster, fires, and reholster
4) 13) dialog: That was a buck twenty-five, asshole. 10. Stryker holds up both hands, one palm to Logan, one to Ze
4) 15) dialog: You’re taking it.
4) 17) dialog: Not interested.
4) 19) dialog: Already got a job.
4) 21) dialog: Eighteen five.
4) 23) dialog: Yeah, I am. It’s good work. And I haven’t killed anybody in three years.
4) 29) dialog: Right about now I am. Agent Zero grins, enjoying the game. Stryker, seeing that this is going badly, tries to break the tension.
4) 31) dialog: Forget it. Logan walks around to the front of the cabin. Stryker and Agent Zero follow. Logan’s battered old pickup truck is parked beside the newcomers’ Lincoln.
4) 33) dialog: I can take care of myself.
4) 35) dialog: I’m Canadian. He hits the gas, forcing Stryker to jump back lest the ti run over his foot. Stryker and Agent Zero watch him go. 12. EXT. DISTRICT UNIFIED SCHOOL — DAY Logan parks in the lot of a sprawling brick grammar schoo He gets out of the truck and walks toward the main buildi The school day has ended. STUDENTS meet up with their MOM DADS for the ride home. As Logan rounds a corner, he stops in his tracks, looking around. Something’s not quite right. Logan ducks his head at the last possible second and a snowball whizzes past, missing him by inches. Six FOURTH GRADERS (four boys and two girls) charge at hi hurling snowballs and screaming.
4) 37) dialog: Hey, fellas. The boys and girls look up and see Logan sitting on a sec floor window ledge. He has already formed six perfect snowballs, with which he proceeds to pelt the fourth grad The kids run, screaming and laughing, nearly colliding wi Kayla, who rounds the corner and-stares up at Logan.
4) 39) dialog: They started it. Nail 13.
5) 0) text: Logan drives Kayla home over roads slick with black ice. sings softly along with the country song on the radio.
5) 1) dialog: Stryker came by the house today.
5) 3) dialog: Wants me back.
5) 5) dialog: Told him no.
5) 7) dialog: I’m the best there is at what I do. And what I do best isn't very nice. Kayla studies the side of his face for a moment. LOGAN (cont’d) Maybe he’s right. Maybe it’s the only thing I’m good for. Kayla watches him. Logan shakes his head as if ridding himself of an errant thought. LOGAN (cont ’d) Son of a bitch had me thinking about it for a minute. He wraps his arm around her shoulders and pulls her close
5) 12) dialog: Most guys don’t have to worry about gutting their girlfriend when they have a bad dream.
5) 14) dialog: A gift? Logan shakes his head, staring at the black ribbon of roa LOGAN (cont’d) You can return a gift. INT. CABIN — NIGHT A well-built fire burns in the fireplace. Logan and Kayla naked in front of it, wrapped in an old flannel quilt.
5) 16) dialog: I look like Elvis.
5) 20) dialog: Full moon tomorrow.
5) 22) dialog: Never trust a guy named Trickster.
5) 24) dialog: Koo-koo-choo got screwed.
6) 0) text: Kayla drops Logan off at the logging camp. The site is already loud with motorized activity. TRIMMERS remove the limbs from fallen trees. TEAMSTERS in forklifts load logs onto flatbed trucks. Logan comes around to the driver's side window, holding h orange Husqvarna chainsaw in one hand.
6) 2) dialog: I love you, too.
8) 0) text: Logan and three other lumberjacks-- PHELAN, MARCUSE, and MIER-- tramp through the woods towards their designated a carrying their chainsaws and heimets. Phelan, whiskey-bellied and flushed from the exertion, ha fallen behind.
10) 0) text: Logan, hearing a noise the other men can’t, rises from hi crouch. He looks to the west, listening carefully.
11) 0) text: Logan sees the pickup truck in the distance. Even a hundr yards away he can tell that something is wrong. It seems impossible that he could run any faster, but now dees, reaching the truck in seconds. He sees the claw mar gouged through the steel hood. He sees the driver’s side door tossed onto the asphalt tw yards. from the truck. And finally he sees Kayla, curled in the fetal position o the side of the access road. Blood puddles beneath her. H skin has already begun to lose its color. He runs to her, kneels beside her body, hands checking fo pulse, listening for breath, trying desperately to find a sign of life in her lifeless form.
11) 1) dialog: Come on, you’re okay. Say something. Say something, darling. Say something. Kayla, come on. He cradles her in his arms. LOGAN (cont’d) You're okay. You're okay. (CONTTNURD)
12) 0) text: Two MALE NURSES shove a gurney down the corridor. Logan i flat on his back, bloody and unconscious. A SURGEON hurries after them, pulling on latex gloves.
12) 7) dialog: Where is he? t
12) 9) dialog: Where is he?
12) 12) dialog: Three years I been here. Three years everything’s good. Nobddy knows me. And then one day you show up and the next day she’s dead.
12) 14) dialog: You knew he was coming.
12) 21) dialog: What list? Stryker chokes, gasping for air. Logan eases up on his gr but doesn’t release the man. Stryker takes a deep breath.
12) 23) dialog: How did he get it?
12) 25) dialog: Creed’s a mutant, too.
12) 27) dialog: I’m not in the Army anymore.
12) 31) dialog: I’m gonna track him down and I’m gonna end him. That's the plan.
13) 0) text: A black helicopter lands on a concrete helipad inside the walls of the massive compound. SENTRIES armed with assault rifles man the guard towers, scanning the perimeter with binoculars. Logan, Stryker and Agent Zero step out of the helicopter. Logan glances around the foreboding place before followin Stryker inside the main building. INT. SURGICAL PREP ROOM -— DAY Logan lies on his back on an examining table, naked save a strategically-placed towel.
13) 4) dialog: The hell you planning on doing to me? Hines gives Stryker a worried look but he ignores her.
13) 6) dialog: Never wanted to put these on again.
15) 0) text: Logan, wearing a hospital-style robe, stands by the close door. No other human could hear the conversation down the hallway. Logan catches every word.
17) 0) text: Hines enters the room to find Logan sitting on the examin table, paging through a magazine. He smiles up at her.
17) 1) dialog: You ready for me, Doc?
18) 0) text: Hines and two MEDICAL TECHNICIANS accompany Logan to a wa filled plexiglass tank the size of a lidless coffin. (CONTTNURD)
18) 3) dialog: See you on ‘the other side. One of the technicians fastens a breathing tube, connecte an oxygen tank, to Logan’s mouth. Logan lies down, submerging himself in the cold water. Th technician clamps Logan’s wrists and ankles into place wi stainless-steel shackles bolted to the plexiglass walls. Logan's eyes are open as he watches the robotic arms swiv into place, poised above him like a gang of metal vipers.
20) 0) text: Logan lies underwater, watching as the robotic arms desce toward him. The needles begin to spin at high speed, like massive power drills. They churn the water when they ente CLOSE on Logan’s eyes as the needles enter his body. The has suffered gunshots and knife wounds, car crashes and bottles smashed across his face. He has never suffered th He cleses his eyes.
22) 0) text: Logan writhes in the tank. Twelve long needles have drill into his bones, including his skull.
24) 0) text: Logan spasms in the tank like a man being electrocuted.
26) 0) text: Logan thrashes in the tank, his convulsions increasingly violent, his eyes rolling back in their sockets. The wate the tank begins ‘to steam. The reel of blood-stained images from Logan’s past contin A bull-necked man beats the feral boy with an axe handle.
27) 0) text: Logan writhes in the tank, muscles coiling and uncoiling. montage of nightmares continues, snapshots from Hell. The feral boy sits alone in the back of a school. bus. Wh the other children talk and laugh, he cuts his thumb with pocket knife and watches the wound heal.
28) 2) text: Adamantium claws burst from Logan’s hand, shimmering underwater. Crazed with pain, he carves through the walls of the plexiglass tank. Steaming water cascades onto the poured concrete floor. Bursting free of his restraints, Logan slashes through th robotic arms. Sparks dance like a swarm of fireflies. The dismembered machines twitch like wounded beasts. Logan rises from the broken tank, drenched with water, na save for dozens of long stainless steel needles drilled i his body and the wires and hoses trailing from the needle Hair matted to his head, eyes wild, face contorted, he lo like a strange amalgam of machine and animal. He tears th breathing tube from his mouth and stares through the wind into the control room, panting, claws extended.
30) 0) text: Logan slashes through the locks of the steel-reinforced theater door. He charges out of the room.
32) 0) text: Logan hurries down a long tunnel hewn through solid rock, leaving a trail of watery footprints. He stops in front o the battleship-steel door at the end of the tunnel. Growling, he carves through the door as if it were cardbo
33) 0) text: The savaged blast door flickers on the monitors. Logan is free. The general stares at Stryker. Stryker licks his li
34) 0) text: A full moon shines down on the frozen landscape. Logan ha exited the Alkali Lake complex beyond the high walls of t compound. The lake itself shimmers in the moonlight. Logan stares at the lonely moon. A wolf howls in the distance. His breath rises above him in the cold air; his wet hair freezes. Ignoring the gusting wind and bitter chill, he r through the snow toward the distant woods.
35) 0) text: Logan runs. Pine trees tower above him. He enters a clear where the virgin snow glitters beneath the moon. He stops moving and peers through the darkness. He smells something coming closer. A pack of GRAY WOLVES emerges from the woods, surrounding Logan. Snow dusts their fur. They look hungry, their blue eyes unblinking as they watch this pale interloper. The LEADER OF THE PACK, a muscular brute far bigger than comrades, snarls at Logan. Logan stares back at the wolf. The wolf jumps at Logan, fangs bared, aiming for the man’ throat. Logan sidesteps and the wolf hurtles past, skiddi on the snow when he lands. Logan and the wolf circle each other, looking for weaknes The wolf gnashes its wet teeth and pounces again. Man and beast battle in the moonlight, a shadowy combat o ferocious velocity, of gleaming fangs and gray fur. The wolf lunges for Logan’s throat again, but this time L catches the wolf in one hand and slams it to the snow. The wolf, desperate to escape, rakes Logan’s arm with his claws. Logan ignores the bloody welts. (CONTINUED)
36) 0) text: Stryker and the others are able to watch Logan in action, night-vision security cameras mounted in the trees beam a constant live feed back to monitors in the control room.
37) 0) text: Logan tries to gauge his enemies, staring into the harsh lights. He growls.
41) 0) text: James Hudson cautiously slides his barn door open. He hol an old shotgun in his hands, a gun he hasn’t fired in yea He advances slowly into the barn, sunlight from the open falling on the scattered straw. A vintage motorcycle cove in a tarp stands near the side wall. Hudson looks inside each sheep pen. His thick-wooled SHEE ready for breakfast, bleat hopefully. In the third pen Hudson finds Logan, who has covered hims with straw. A few curious sheep sniff at the fugitive’s f Hudson stares at Logan, who stares back somewhat, well, sheepishly.
41) 2) dialog: Sorry... It's a little cold out there.
41) 6) dialog: No sir.
41) 8) dialog: Pretty xough, yeah.
41) 10) dialog: Sorry if I scared her.
42) 0) text: Logan sits at the breakfast table with James and Heather. wears an old plaid shirt, dungarees, and a pair of scuffe work boots. A heaping breakfast lies before him: scrambled eggs, pork sausages, pancakes with maple syrup, a steaming mug of coffee. Logan devours everything in front of him, looking up only nod in thanks as Heather scoops more food onto his plate.
42) 6) dialog: I’ve got good circulation. (gesturing toward barn) Nice chopper you got out there, by the way. James’s face lights up. Logan has found the man’s passion
42) 8) dialog: What is it, ‘48 Panhead?
42) 15) dialog: 
44) 0) text: Logan checks James Hudson's pulse but finds none. He look when he hears the thrum of the military helicopter. Two Good Samaritans lie dead at his feet, slaughtered for sheltering him. Something bestial has entered Logan’s eye
46) 0) text: Logan growls and runs for the door. 44.
51) 0) text: The Apache circles the smoking ruin where the house once stood. No sign of Logan is visible in the scorched debris
55) 0) text: Logan, claws extended, skin blackened with soot, jumps fr the roof of the barn. He lands on the helicopter windshie
58) 0) text: Logan emerges from the Apache’s wreckage and runs toward sheep barn door. A bullet cracks him in the forehead and Logan falls backw into the snow, stunned. For a few seconds we can glimpse adamantium of his skull. His healing factor takes over and his skin begins to knit itself back together. Logan combat crawls inside the sheep barn. y
59) 0) text: He throws the tarp off the ’48 Harley. James Hudson resto this bike with love and elbow grease. The chrome and leat shine as brightly as any new model on the factory floor. The key is in the ignition. This used to be a safe neighborhood. EXT. SHEEP BARN -— CONTINUOUS Logan bursts out of the barn on the Harley. The tires spi the snow but Logan is an experienced rider. He steadies t bike, steers it onto the blacktop and accelerates, headin the opposite direction from Agent Zero.
61) 0) text: Logan speeds down the road, Agent Zero in hot pursuit. Ze gains ground, both hunter and quarry racing past 100 MPH.
62) 0) text: Agent Zero grabs an Atchisson assault shotgun from a rack behind his seat that holds an impressive array of weaponr He lowers the passenger window and gets a bead on Logan, swerves to keep himself (and his more fragile motorcycle) tricky target.
63) 0) text: Agent Zero fires six shells in rapid succession. Hundreds steel pellets scream over the motorcycle, perforating the face of a smiling farmer on a fertilizer billboard. Logan turns and sees the SUV closing on him. Agent Zero r the bumper into the Harley and Logan very nearly loses control, managing to right the bike at the last second.
63) 4) dialog: Those were good people back there. Innocent people. Agent Zero surreptitiously pulls a commando knife from a sheath on his ankle.
63) 6) dialog: I got a message for your boss.
64) 0) text: Logan stands at a pay phone beside the Texaco station, watching a couple of SKATEBOARD PUNKS practice their olli He punches in a number and waits for the connection.
64) 3) dialog: Why don't you get ‘em anyway. And tell ‘em Logan’s calling. While he waits he watches one of the kids attempt a backs tailslide on the curb. The kid loses his balance and wipe out, skinning his palms on the asphalt.
64) 5) dialog: (controlled fury) You shouldn’t have killed those people. All they were doing was helping a stranger. INT. STRYKER’S OFFICE - DAY Stryker sits behind the desk of his office. His aide, COLLINS, stands on the other side of the desk, listening on an extension.
64) 8) dialog: They had nothing to do with this. You let that mad dog gun ‘em down like they were animals.
64) 10) dialog: Had enough orders for one lifetime. (beat) I’m going after Victor Creed. For several seconds there is silence on the line.
64) 12) dialog: People like you are always waiting for the next war. You start one with me, Colonel, you better sleep with the lights on. He hangs up the phone and walks to his bike. The skateboa punks give him a wide berth.
67) 0) text: Logan, riding James Hudson’s vintage motorcycle, rolls do the famous strip, lit by the mammoth neon signs above him He stops at a red light and stares at the lonely moon ris over the desert.
67) 5) dialog: You’re way out of my league, darlin’.
67) 7) dialog: Not tonight. The redhead purses her lips.
67) 9) dialog: I know exactly what I’m missing. The courtesan waits at the green light, watching Logan sp off into the night. EXT. BOXING GYM — NIGHT In a seedy part of town, far from the casinos’ bright lig Logan walks through the front door of a rundown boxing gy
68) 0) text: Even at this hour the gym is packed with aspiring PUGILIS Las Vegas has become the Mecca of world boxing, and many the fighters here exhibit impressive skills as they batte the heavy bag, tap at the speed bag, and jump rope. Logan walks toward a ring in the center of the gym. Two y BOXERS inside the ropes, wearing headgear and sparring gloves, dance around throwing quick jabs that don’t land. JOHN WRAITH (45) stands outside the ring, watching this action with evident distaste. He wears a black cowboy hat sunglasses, and a handlebar mustache. He has the swagger drawl of a redeo cowboy.
68) 6) dialog: You tryin’ to insult me?
68) 8) dialog: I’m looking for Victor Creed. Wraith’s face goes serious at the mention of the name. He looks around the gym, making sure no one’s watching them. He glances at the boxers in the ring, who lean on the rop and breathe heavily, awaiting instructions.
68) 10) dialog: Always. (CONTINUED)
68) 15) dialog: What’s Weapon X? They tap glass.
68) 17) dialog: You know about it. Wraith sits behind his desk and puts his boots up. Logan across from him.
68) 19) dialog: I did. Woke up one day and knew I was done. Logan peels the label from his bottle of beer. (CONTTNUED)
68) 20) text: LOGAN (cont'd) Stryker used to give me a new name every Monday. And by the end of the week, I’d draw a line through it. (beat) I put a whole lot of people under the ground. And one day 1 realized... Stryker was never gonna run out of names. Wraith nods, meditative. WRAITH» Our friend the Colonel has big plans.
68) 21) dialog: What kind of plans?
68) 25) dialog: Creed did government work?
68) 27) dialog: Help me find him.
68) 29) dialog: Just tell me where to start looking. I‘11 do the rest. Wraith taps the bottleneck, considering.
68) 31) dialog: The prison he busted out of?
68) 33) dialog: Nope.
68) 35) dialog: You think he’s still in touch with Creed?
69) 0) text: Logan, on his Harley, speeds past a welcome sign for Elgi Iowa, Population 676.
71) 0) text: Logan lies on top of the bed covers, hands behind his hea The lights are out and Fox News plays on the television, casting the small room in blue light.
71) 6) text: Logan’s expression does not change as he watches the repo Our only indications that he‘s boiling inside are the loo dark vengeance in his eyes, and the fingers of his right hand, which clench into a fist, unclench, clench again. He lowers the volume with the remote, picks up the teleph and dials a number. We hear four rings.
72) 0) text: A MOTHER pushes her shopping cart towards her minivan.. H young, freckled SON holds her hand, gazing fearfully at Logan, who stands on the edge of the lot smoking a cigar. looks out of place in this quiet, Midwestern town. Logan winks at the kid. He drops his cigar, grinds it out with the toe of his boot, and heads for the supermarket. INT. SUPERMARKET — DAY Two STOCK BOYS, wearing bright blue vests over red shirts stand at one of the aisle dividers, hiding behind a stack breakfast pastries. They are plainly terrified.
72) 7) dialog: Jesus, Dukes... Dukes, mouth and chin dusted with fried pork skin, turns head to examine the pest standing next to him. LOGAN (cont'd) Maybe it’s time to give the pork rinds a rest. Dukes swings his arm. Despite his enormous mass, the man moves with surprising speed. Not quick enough to catch Lo though, who ducks beneath the blow. Dukes’s forearm, thicker than a fire hydrant, smashes thr the steel shelving. Bags of pork rinds and potato chips tumble to the floor. Snikt! Logan shows his glittering claws to the big man. : LOGAN (cont'd) I’1l fillet you standing, fat man. That what you want? Dukes hesitates. That is not what he wants. LOGAN (cont’d) Where's Victor Creed? Dukes grunts and bulls forward, toppling the heavily-~lad shelves into the next aisle. Panicked SHOPPERS scream and for the exits. Dukes blasts through the cereal aisle, too, with a great rending of steel, his giant shoes crushing boxes of Lucky Charms as he stomps into the produce section.
72) 12) dialog: Come on, he’s your friend. When was the last time you talked to him?
72) 14) dialog: Careful, Dukes. I can smell a lie before you even tell it. The Blob begins to cry, the great bellows of his cheeks trembling, tears and snot dribbling down his face. (CONTTNURD)
72) 18) dialog: All right, take it easy. Dukes blows his nose into the handkerchief, one of histor loudest and most violent nasal ejaculations. He offers back the soiled handkerchief. Logan waves it of LOGAN (cont'd) It’s a gift. Dukes takes a deep breath, gathering himself.
72) 21) dialog: Nah. You know more than that. Dukes tilts his face, trying to keep his face from gettin scraped off.
72) 23) dialog: He better be there, Freddie. And he better know something good. (MORE ) (CONTTNURD)
73) 0) text: The dimly-lit club is the size of a warehouse and jammed PARTYING MUTANTS. Most of them look like normal humans bu few are “overts,” distinguished by curling horns, scaled and other genetic abnormalities. A sexy WAITRESS walks by with a tray of drinks. She winks Logan. A “Kiss Me, I’m a Mutant” button is pinned to her shirt. Industrial beats pour out of speakers bolted to the ceili Logan surveys the room. A young PUSHER approaches, his lo sideburns shaved into scimitars running down his jawline.
73) 2) dialog: Wild roses for the moon.
73) 4) dialog: Something like that. You seen my buddy Barbarus? The dealer points toward a staircase at the back of the c
73) 6) dialog: Trust me, bub-- you don't. Logan heads for the staircase. 66. INT. CLUB SUPERIOR, SECOND FLOOR — NIGHT Logan tries to enter the VIP room but a muscle-bound SKIN with Mutant Power brands on his biceps blocks his path.
73) 8) dialog: I’m on the list. Logan. The skinhead raises his clipboard and examines the list.
73) 10) dialog: Unknown.
74) 0) text: The VIP MUTANTS sit at plush booths, downing shots of tequila. They grope their GIRLFRIENDS. They arm wrestle a compare tattoos and gobble down fried oysters. BARBARUS sits in a corner booth. He wears a custom-made w beater. The brutally-muscled mutant has four arms, all sleeved in tattoos. One hand pours himself a new glass of Jack Daniel’s. A se hand gouges his name into the table top with a black stee commando knife. The third drums the beat of the current s on the vinyl booth’s backrest. The fourth hand pets PANTERA, the nubile mutant sitting o his lap, a beautiful young woman entirely covered in glistening black fur. Her yellow eyes glitter. Logan approaches the table. Barbarus stares up at him. a Pantera purrs, yellow eyes on Logan.
74) 5) dialog: I came back. Where is he?
74) 7) dialog: What’s that?
74) 9) dialog: He’s killing mutants, bub. Barbarus smiles, twenty fingers drumming on the table top
74) 11) dialog: You got that right. Snikt! Barbarus shoves his girlfriend out of the way and stands, unsheathing three more black commando knives from his bel The other MUTANTS quiet down, watching the fireworks. Barbarus swings, the four knives whistling through the ai Logan ducks under them and continues to bob and weave as Barbarus advances behind a whirlwhind of black steel. Logan slashes and one severed hand falls to the ground. Barbarus howls, stabbing at Logan with his three good arm Logan's claws flash through the air again, and another ne severed hand lands on the table. Logan retracts his claws and curls one finger: come at me Barbarus, shamed .and furious, gathers. himself and charg Logan times his punch perfectly, pivoting on the ball of foot and hitting Barbarus with an uppercut that sounds li well-hit baseball. Barbarus crashes to the floor. Pantera hisses and pounces Logan, her black claws aimed at his face. Logan backhands her. She hits the floor and slides across the hardwood.
74) 16) dialog: No? Way I hear it, you two were practically boyfriends before he busted out.
74) 18) dialog: You’re lying to me. Barbarus grins, his teeth red from the blood in his mouth
75) 5) dialog: Pour yourself a cup of tea. Hines spins around. Logan sits at the kitchen table, an u cigar in his mouth. LOGAN (cont’d) It’s gonna be a long night. INT. HINES’ HOUSE - LATER They both sit at the kitchen table now. Logan smokes his cigar and watches Hines, who clutches her mug of tea with trembling hands. Logan watches her through the haze of smoke.
75) 6) dialog: Careful, Doc. I can smell a lie. I can hear it. Maybe you start to sweat a little bit. Maybe the pitch of your voice changes. But I’11 know. (beat) Tell me about Creed. Hines opens her mouth, closes it, opens it again.
75) 8) dialog: Nope. But I know exactly what I’1l do to you.
75) 14) dialog: You’re not innocent, Doc. He leans forward, forearms on the tabletop, LOGAN (cont ’d) What does Victor Creed have to do with the Weapon X program?
75) 16) dialog: So where does Weapon X fit in? Hines closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.
75) 18) dialog: Creed works for Stryker. Hines nods.
75) 23) dialog: Just following orders, huh?
75) 25) dialog: All this time I been hunting Creed, and he’s just a puppet. It’s Stryker pulling the strings. He stubs out his cigar on the breakfast table. LOGAN (cont’d) You ready to stop following orders?
78) 2) dialog: Were you aiming for every speed bump in the state?
78) 4) dialog: We find a uniform that fits. A well-built SERGEANT walks toward his vehicle, paging through requisition papers on a clipboard. LOGAN (cont ‘d) That ought to work.
79) 0) text: Hines and Logan, who now wears a crisp uniform with a sergeant’s stripes and a black beret, walk into the build
80) 2) dialog: I barely hit the guy. They don’t notice as a small security camera near the entrance pivots, its black eye watching the intruders. (CONTTNUED )
81) 0) text: Hines and Logan walk down a long corridor. Several SOLDIE and SCIENTISTS walk by, most of them ignoring the pair. One young scientist in a lab coat hurries past, nodding a Hines.
81) 3) dialog: I can smell him. He walks through the door. Hines checks to see if the coa is clear and follows him. Neither notices the security ca mounted on the ceiling, swiveling to track their movement
82) 0) text: Logan and Hines stand at the top of a steel staircase, fo feet above the concrete floor of a massive cavern. Created in the 1960s by an underground hydrogen bomb test the Alkali Lake cavern is the second biggest in the count smaller only than the salt caverns of the Gulf Coast, hom the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. (CONTTNUED)
82) 5) dialog: (stunned) I thought it was just gonna be one guy. This is...
82) 10) dialog: It's Creed... He looks inside another tank. Same cruel face, same power body. Only their shaved heads distinguish them from Victo Creed. : LOGAN (cont’d) They’‘re all Creed.
82) 12) dialog: They get into the world, it’s genocide.
82) 19) dialog: Don’t follow me. Hines stops, standing alone in the middle of the Eleven.
83) 0) text: Logan walks rapidly down the hallway, his pace accelerati as he nears a closed doorway. He rests his head against t door for a moment before putting his hand on the knob and entering the room. INT. STRYKER’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS Stryker sits behind his desk, smiling at Logan. But Logan not locking at the colonel. He’s looking at the young wom who sits across from Stryker, her back to the door. She doesn’t turn. Her long black hair cascades down her b
83) 8) dialog: Who are you?
83) 10) dialog: No I don’t.
83) 12) dialog: You’re dead. (CONTTNUED)
85) 1) dialog: Why?
85) 3) dialog: Prison... Kayla finally raises her head.and looks directly at Logan
85) 5) dialog: You told me he died of a heart attack.
85) 7) dialog: You loved me. I know you loved me. Kayla blinks and looks away.
85) 9) dialog: No one’s that good.
85) 15) dialog: You're a mutant?
85) 28) dialog: Good.
85) 30) dialog: (to Kayla) That story you told me... about the guy who goes to get flowers for the Moon. I can’t get it out of my head. Except I had it all backwards. I thought you were the moon and I was your Wolverine. But you’re the Trickster, aren’t you? (MORE) (CONTINUED)
85) 34) dialog: You didn’t trick me into loving you.
85) 36) dialog: The last two months, you weren't playing around in my skull. You weren’t using. your powers on me. I thought you were dead and I loved you more than ever. Maybe it makes you feel better to think it was all fake. But it was never fake for me. . Kayla lowers her eyes.
85) 38) dialog: I know exactly what is was like. I come from there too.
85) 40) dialog: Course you did. You still do. Kayla stares down at Logan. The tenderness returns to her face. She conld free him right now if she wanted. The moment passes and Kayla shakes her head.
85) 45) dialog: Yeah, you keep saying that. (to Cornelius) Come on. Turn on the juice. Let’s get this over with.
90) 0) text: Thousands of volts surge into Logan’s skull, forcing his to arch. After several seconds the power shuts off. Tendr of white smoke rise from the copper halo. Logan opens his eyes and stares at Cornelius.
90) 1) dialog: That all you got?
91) 0) text: Logan sits panting in the chair, gripping the ends of the rests with white fingers, waiting for the next surge of electricity. It comes and he arches again, all the muscle his body contracting, the veins in his neck bulging. INT. VIEWING ROOM — CONTINUOUS Cornelius and his assistant watch Logan with no detectabl sympathy. They turn when Kayla walks into the room.
92) 0) text: Kayla steps into the room. Logan sits slumped motionless the electric chair. She detaches the copper halo. The ski beneath the metal is singed but it quickly begins to heal Kayla stares. at the man she betrayed, hesitates for a mo and exhales. She unfastens the titanium manacles. Logan is still unconscious. Kayla shakes him gently.
92) 2) dialog: I would have done anything for you.
92) 4) dialog: Do you hear me? Anything.
93) 4) dialog: The woman said no. Creed turns his head and sees Logan and Kayla standing in doorway. He grins and tosses Hines aside. She crashes into the wal and slides to the floor, dazed.
93) 6) dialog: This is the end.
94) 0) text: Logan crashes to the floor, covered in rubble. Creed step out of the cell, licking his fangs. Creed tries to stomp Logan’s face, but the smaller man ro out of the way and gets back on his feet. fhe mutants battle down the corridor, claws whistling thr the air. A team of SENTRIES charge around the corner, wearing tact armor and carrying XM8 assault rifles. They level their rifles at the battling mutants.
95) 0) text: Logan and Creed fall seventy feet, clawing at each other mid-air. Logan hits the floor hard, the impact blasting a small cr in the concrete. Creed manages a rolling fall, cat-quick and dexterous.
95) 11) dialog: This is for the ones who couldn’t fight back.
95) 18) dialog: I don’t want him hypnotized. I want him dead. Never taking his eyes off his enemy, Logan advances.
95) 25) dialog: (to Kayla) Get the hell out of here.
95) 27) dialog: Bringin’ down the house. He sweeps his claws clean through the pillar, at an angle The uppermost section shears off and drills into the floo with a concussive whump that spiderwebs the concrete for thirty feet around the impact site. Stryker realizes what Logan is doing.
95) 36) dialog: Unless someone comes along who can move a few million tons-of steel, they ain’t going anywhere.
96) 1) dialog: Almost looks peaceful from here.
97) 0) text: Logan’s eyes flutter and open. For a moment he squints in the blue sky. He sits up, looking around. The woods are empty. He stands, completely disoriented, a stranger in the worl He realizes that he’s holding a piece of paper in his han He unfolds it and reads the message written in blood. You are my Wolverine. He stares at it for a moment before folding it carefully putting it in his pocket.