4) 4) dialog: (smiling) I even showered today. Logan turns, the axe gripped in his hand. STRYKER (cont’d) Been a long time, Logan. You haven’t aged a day. Everyone else gets old and gray, but not you.
4) 6) dialog: We never lost you, my friend. I believe you know my colleague? Logan and Agent Zero stare at each other. There is a hist between these two and clearly the memories are not fond. STRYKER (cont ‘d) We’re with the Department of Agriculture now.
4) 14) dialog: Boys, please. (to Logan) Could we take a minute of your time?
4) 16) dialog: We want you back. Logan turns away from them. He tosses aside the axe, a load of firewood and stacks. it beside the cabin. STRYKER (cont ’d) You’re a born warrior. You can hide up here as long as you want, that’s never gonna change.
4) 18) dialog: It’s... creative work, I can assure you of that. And it pays well.
4) 30) dialog: We're putting together a team. Best men in the business. Men with... special qualities. Men like you.
4) 32) dialog: It’s a team of hunters. We're going after some very bad people. Logan climbs into the driver’s seat. STRYKER (cont ‘’d)} You read the papers, Logan? They're killing mutants. Logan closes the door, turns the key and revs the engine warm it. Stryker taps on the window. Logan grits his teet and rolls down the window, not looking at the colonel. STRYKER (cont’d) Listen to me. They have names. They have addresses.
4) 34) dialog: All right, forget about yourself. Your country needs you.
12) 10) dialog: His name is Victor Creed. Logan turns and sees Stryker standing at the entrance to operating room. STRYKER (cont’d) I can help you find him. EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY ‘ Logan storms out of the hospital, followed by Stryker.
12) 11) dialog: He escaped from an ultramax penitentiary in Nevada last year. Started murdering mutants. Shape- changer in New Mexico, pair of telekinetic twins in California-- Logan turns on Stryker, grabbing the colonel by the throa and shoving him against a lamp post.
12) 13) dialog: I came to warn you--
12) 20) dialog: He got the List.
12) 22) dialog: The List. Every known mutant in North America. Government’s been keeping it for years. Names, addresses, everything.
12) 24) dialog: Someone must have leaked it to him. There are people in Washington who want to see you all destroyed. Logan releases Stryker. The ex-colonel straightens his ja collar and composes himself.
12) 26) dialog: Apparently he doesn't have much tribal loyalty. Logan turns and walks away. He looks like a homeless man, clothes torn and bloodied, his hair disheveled. He walks fast. Stryker calls after him. STRYKER (cont’d) Do you have a plan, Captain?
12) 28) dialog: Do you have a plan? (CONTTNURD)
12) 32) dialog: You already tried that. He’s a hundred miles away and you’re walking out of the hospital. Logan’s fists are clenched. He’s ready to hammer Stryker the ground, but the older man does not back down. STRYKER (cont’d) You can’t beat him. Not the way you are right now. You’ve probably gone your whole life without losing a fight, but I’m telling you now, you can’t beat him. (beat) Unless I give you the tools. Logan glares at Stryker, still itching for immediate reve STRYKER (cont’d) You come with me, I promise you two things. You will suffer more pain than any other man could bear. And you will have your revenge. Logan stares into Stryker’s eyes.
13) 0) text: A black helicopter lands on a concrete helipad inside the walls of the massive compound. SENTRIES armed with assault rifles man the guard towers, scanning the perimeter with binoculars. Logan, Stryker and Agent Zero step out of the helicopter. Logan glances around the foreboding place before followin Stryker inside the main building. INT. SURGICAL PREP ROOM -— DAY Logan lies on his back on an examining table, naked save a strategically-placed towel.
13) 3) dialog: Could you unsheath your claws? Logan raises his left hand. The bone claws pop out, the s length they were before Creed shattered them. STRYKER (cont'd) Remarkable. Full regeneration. Logan examines the markings on his forearm.
13) 5) dialog: We’re going to make you indestructible. But first we have to destroy you. Stryker heads for the door but stops midway and turns. STRYKER (cont’d) I forgot to give you something. He reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out an old set o dog tags and tosses them to Logan. Logan inspects the tag with ambivalence.
13) 7) dialog: Held on to them for years. Figured you’d be back one day. Logan slips the steel chain over his head. STRYKER (cont ’d) (smiling) Now you’1]1 always know your name. 28.
14) 0) text: Stryker walks down a long concrete corridor lit by fluorescent ceiling lights. Hines steps out of the prep r and hurries after him.
14) 2) dialog: Ad nauseum, Lieutenant.
14) 4) dialog: He can handle the pain.
14) 6) dialog: No other animal would survive the experiment.
15) 6) dialog: Correct. Some experiments succeed, some fail. That’s why we call them “experiments.”
16) 1) dialog: The man’s well-being is not my concern. Proving that the science works-- that’s what matters. Hines does not relish confrontation and she’s afraid of Stryker. But she gives it one more try.
16) 3) dialog: You also swore. to protect your nation. You remember that oath, Lieutenant Hines?
16) 5) dialog: I don’t need you to understand. I need you to follow orders. Stryker continues down the corridor, leaving Hines standi alone in the fluorescent light.
23) 0) text: Stryker turns and addresses the general.
23) 3) dialog: You’re witnessing medical history in the making. We’ve begun bonding adamantium to Weapon X’s skeleton..
23) 5) dialog: It took us three years to prepare enough alloy for the skeleton.
23) 7) dialog: If this works, General, Weapon X will walk wherever he wants.
25) 2) dialog: Remains to be seen. We're in uncharted territory here.
25) 5) dialog: Oh, it’s coming, General. The enemy walks among us. We'd better be prepared.
26) 5) dialog: He’s a warrior, Hines. He can handle it. Victor Creed plunges his clawed hand into Logan's gut.
26) 9) dialog: On the contrary. The probe is diamond-tipped. It’s not hard enough to penetrate adamantium. HINES. Heart rate two twenty five. Sir, we're well beyond maximum-—
26) 10) dialog: You’re trained to care for humans, Doctor. Weapon X is not one of us.
28) 0) text: Stryker leans close to the glass, watching his test subje agony. His experiment will succeed or fail in the next fe moments. Sweat beads his forehead.
28) 1) dialog: Easy now. @INT...SURGICAL THEATER — CONTINUOUS
29) 2) dialog: Magnificent.
31) 2) dialog: He’s got nowhere to run. Closed circuit monitors show Logan running down a tunnel. STRYKER (cont'd) The only exit is a 25 ton blast door. It was built to withstand a nuclear detonation.
33) 0) text: The savaged blast door flickers on the monitors. Logan is free. The general stares at Stryker. Stryker licks his li
33) 1) dialog: {to Agent Zero) Alert the containment team. Bring him back. (CONTTNURD)
33) 6) dialog: Either way. Just bring him back.
36) 0) text: Stryker and the others are able to watch Logan in action, night-vision security cameras mounted in the trees beam a constant live feed back to monitors in the control room.
36) 1) dialog: These soldiers are the creme de la creme. They’re equipped to handle the situation.
38) 2) dialog: There’s a high-voltage fence on the perimeter of the base--
56) 3) text: INT. STRYKER’S OFFICE - DAY Stryker sits alone in his office, pinching the bridge of nose. It’s been a long day for the colonel.
56) 4) dialog: (on headset) Negative. Come back to base.
56) 6) dialog: You don’t have the weaponry...
57) 2) dialog: Nord, goddamnit--
64) 4) dialog: Where are you?
64) 6) dialog: You ran on me, goddamnit. We had a deal. Now you get back to base-- 50.
64) 9) dialog: I’m giving you an order, soldier! Return to base~-
64) 11) dialog: We’re bringing you in. One way or another, we’re bringing you in. Logan bows his head, considering his next words.
68) 20) text: LOGAN (cont'd) Stryker used to give me a new name every Monday. And by the end of the week, I’d draw a line through it. (beat) I put a whole lot of people under the ground. And one day 1 realized... Stryker was never gonna run out of names. Wraith nods, meditative. WRAITH» Our friend the Colonel has big plans.
72) 26) dialog: We have information that he was in Las Vegas two nights ago. We’ll find him soon.
72) 28) dialog: I disagree. I'd say the experiment has been a success.
72) 30) dialog: Weapon X is a prototype. Nothing more. He's the walking proof that enhanced skeletons are viable. That, along with the healing factor we've replicated from his blood, will insure that the Eleven is capable of protecting our species from extinction. {beat) At this point, Logan is merely an inconvenience. He won't be for long.
72) 32) dialog: Disappointing, General. Expected, but still... disappointing. fCONTTNUEDY 64.
72) 35) dialog: You’re having a massive heart attack, sir. Leading cause of death for men in your age bracket. The general gasps for air, trying to rise to his feet. In death throes, he knocks the glass of water from the table shatters on the floor. STRYKER (cont'd) The war is coming. It’s time to choose sides. The general collapses: and Stryker stands above him, star down at the dying man with pitiless eyes. STRYKER (cont’d) You chose treason. EXT. CLUB SUPERIOR — NIGHT A heavy rain falls in the French Quarter. There is no sig outside the club, only a gargantuan BOUNCER standing in f of an unmarked door in a dark alley. The bouncer apprises the stocky mutant walking his way.
76) 0) text: Stryker stands at the window overlooking Alkali Lake. Dr. Cornelius steps into the room, holding a black.leather ca
76) 2) dialog: Good.
76) 4) dialog: Hines? bone fCONTTNUED) 73.
76) 7) dialog: They won’t kill him?
76) 9) dialog: A blank slate... easy to train. Stryker fondles the shining bullet lovingly. STRYKER (cont’d) She’s a pretty little thing.
76) 10) text: She ought to be. That’s the world’s most expensive bullet. Stryker pulls .a revolver from his shoulder holster, dump standard rounds, and begins loading the adamantium bullet
76) 14) dialog: Mm?
76) 16) dialog: Oh, he’s coming back, Doctor. We have what he’s looking for.
83) 0) text: Logan walks rapidly down the hallway, his pace accelerati as he nears a closed doorway. He rests his head against t door for a moment before putting his hand on the knob and entering the room. INT. STRYKER’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS Stryker sits behind his desk, smiling at Logan. But Logan not locking at the colonel. He’s looking at the young wom who sits across from Stryker, her back to the door. She doesn’t turn. Her long black hair cascades down her b
83) 1) dialog: Hello, old friend. We've been waiting for you. Logan walks toward the desk, slowly now, a man in a night he can’t wake from. STRYKER (cont’d) Did you really think we just let you walk away three years ago? You’re a dangerous man, my friend. We like to keep an eye on dangerous men. When Logan reaches the young woman he puts his hand on he shoulder. Kayla Silverfox turns and stares up at him, tears streami down her face.
83) 7) dialog: (standing) Let’s go. He’ll only be out for a couple minutes. Creed tosses aside the bat and lifts Logan onto his shoul as easily as a normal man would lift a child of six. He carries Logan out of the room, winking at Kayla. INT. RE-EDUCATION CHAMBER, ALKALI LAKE — DAY Logan, still unconscious, sits on a chair that looks far similar to an electric chair, his arms and legs bound wit titanium manacles that prevent any movement. The room looks like an execution chamber, complete with a viewing window. He opens his eyes and blinks in the bright light. Stryker Creed stand in front of him but Logan doesn’t look at the Dr. Cornelius and an ASSISTANT stand near a machine that wired to the electric chair, fiddling with the controls, Logan doesn’t look at them, either. He stares at Kayla, who cannot meet his eyes.
83) 11) dialog: She’s real, old friend. Your eyes are telling you. Your ears. Your nose. Logan ignores Stryker, staring at the love of his life.
83) 17) dialog: I asked you nicely to join the program. And you were so stubborn. But I knew if nothing else could ~ motivate you, revenge would. Stryker smiles at Kayla, a proud professor beaming at his student. STRYKER (cont’d) Tell him. Tell him about the day you died. Kayla, head bowed, is silent for a long count. When she speaks her voice is a strange monotone, devoid of feeling
85) 14) dialog: Everybody’s a sucker for something. Figuring out what it is, that’s the trick. For you, it’s a woman's love. An easy weakness to forgive. But still a weakness. Stryker signals to Cornelius. The doctor and his assistan attach a nasty-looking copper halo to Logan’s skull. The is wired to the electric chair. Logan never takes his eyes off Silverfox. STRYKER (cont’d) Don’t be angry at her. She was just serving her country, keeping the mutant menace in check. She and Victer have been a real credit to their race. It takes Logan a moment to understand this comment.
85) 18) dialog: She’s a gifted girl. She can plant thoughts in anyone's mind, make them believe what she wants-- as long as she stays focused on them. He strokes her long dark hair, proud of his protégé. Kayl doesn’t seem thrilled by Stryker’s touch, but she endures STRYKER (cont’d) A useful tool in a seduction.
85) 24) dialog: So, Logan... The truth is, you're a real pain in the ass. But we've invested far too much time and treasure to terminate you. We’re starting over. Cornelius checks the digital gauges on the machine.
85) 29) dialog: (to Cornelius) Let me know when he’s clean. I have to look in on our other guest. Stryker exits the room, followed by Victor.
86) 0) text: Hines sits alone on a metal cot. The cell door slides ope Stryker and Victor step inside.
86) 1) dialog: Lieutenant. Victor and I were just discussing how to kill you and we thought you might have some suggestions.
87) 1) dialog: When the Turks captured a traitor, they strapped a steel basket to the man’s stomach. Inside the basket was a rat.
88) 1) dialog: Now, even a rat can’t chew through steel. But it can chew through a stomach. So it. would. Right through the skin and the fat and the muscle and the intestines, right on out the other side. (CONTINUED)
88) 5) dialog: Enjoy yourself.
90) 5) dialog: We are. We’re saving humanity.
90) 7) dialog: Yes? {listening) Good. I’m coming down. (hanging up; to Collins) The Eleven is ready. se. we Kayla He stands and heads for the door. Collins follows, In the doorway, Stryker stops and fixes his cold blue gaze on Ka STRYKER (cont'd) Don’t worry, my sweet. You’re one of the good ones. I’1l protect you. He and Collins exit the room, leaving Kayla alone with he misery. “ 89.
95) 2) dialog: (to Lead Technician) I want the Eleven combat ready. fCONTTNUED }
95) 8) dialog: i want them ready! The Lead Technician flinches and barks orders to his subordinates, who enter commands into their computers. The lids of ten thousand isolation tanks slide open. As t camera roams among the Eleven, needles and hoses detach f theix bodies, releasing their metallic grip. The cloned Creeds begin to stir in their stainless steel coffins.
95) 15) dialog: (to the Lead Technician) Activate the PA system. The Lead Technicians flips a switch. Stryker speaks into microphone; his voice booms from speakers mounted on the pillars throughout the cavern. STRYKER (cont’d) Soldiers! The Eleven snap to attention with machined synchronicity, ten thousand facing Stryker.
95) 23) dialog: The man’s committing suicide. He leans into the microphone. The Eleven listen to their commander’s voice, amplified by hundreds of speakers. STRYKER (cont’d) No army that ever marched could stand against you! You will never abandon your mission, .and your mission is simple! Kill the mutants! Kill them wherever you find them! Stryker points at Logan. SPRYKER (cont ‘d)
95) 28) dialog: 