3) 15) dialog: Show’s never over for you, freak. INT. BEAK’S TRAILER ~ CONTINUOUS
3) 17) dialog: I just want to hear you talk a minute before I cut your lungs out. Creed shoves Beak back into his seat, picks up the bottle bourbon, examines the label, and guzzles it. Beak opens h mouth but no words come out. Finally:
3) 21) dialog: Us? There’s no us. There’s you and there’s me, and in a minute, just me. Creed smiles down at his feathered target. Beak tries to shield his body with his wings.
3) 23) dialog: Let me show you how it’s done. EXT. BEAK’S TRAILER - CONTINUOUS An awful, prolonged shriek escapes from the trailer.
11) 6) text: INT. CASADY’S BAR & GRILL - DAY The local dive opens early. TOWN DRUNKS sit by themselves smoking cigarettes, sipping the day’s first hair-of-the-d reading the paper or staring into their beer. Victor Creed sits at the bar, carving a crude smiley: fac into the wood with the claw of his index finger. He looks and sees the BARTENDER staring at him. The bartender does approve of the vandalism, but he’s not about. to say anyt Creed taps the rim of his glass. The bartender comes over with a bottle of George Dickel Tennessee whiskey. He fill Creed’s glass halfway-- a standard pour. Creed stares at the bartender. He taps the glass again. T bartender, hand shaking, fills the glass to the brim. 5 Creed raises the whiskey to the light. VICTOR CREED ‘ Stuff don’t work on me. I drink and drink and I never feel any different. He downs the full glass of whiskey with a swallow. He loo around the bar, at the pool table in the back, the Wurlit jukebox, the stacked bottles of liquor. VICTOR CREED (cont’d) You got any insurance on this place?
11) 8) dialog: ‘Cause it’s about to get ugly. Logan walks into the tavern, sniffing the air. He sees Cr sitting on the barstool, back to the door. y
11) 13) dialog: Time you got declawed, kitty kat. creed lifts his heavy black boot and brings it down hard the extended claws of Logan’s left hand.
66) 5) dialog: Everyone thinks you’re a lunatic, talking to animals. But I know you're not, Francis. You understand them, don’t you? That’s your power. Francis looks for help but there is no one in sight. VICTOR CREED (cont’d) What do they tell you? Francis is quiet for a few seconds, staring at the killer
66) 7) dialog: You ever talk to a panther, Francis? Francis shakes his head. (CONTTNURD )
66) 9) text: VICTOR CREED (cont‘d) Every now and then a white panther comes along. Albino. The mama panther won’t even look at it. She won’t lick it, she won’t feed it, nothing. So pretty soon the white panther dies. You know why? (off Francis’s silence) White panthers are mistakes. And nature takes care of its mistakes.
66) 11) dialog: I don’t know who my Daddy was, but it sure as Hell wasn’t God. Francis bows his head. Creed runs one long claw across Francis’s cheek.
66) 13) dialog: How do you know? You’ve never done it before. 52. cur TO: Ninna the ring-tailed lemur mewls softly, trying to hide herself deep within the baobab tree as her human friend SCREAMS .
75) 1) dialog: You think I’d use a bomb on you, Johnny Boy? “ Me Wraith spins around. Victor Creed sits on a concrete para the desert wind blowing his filthy blonde hair. He hops off the parapet and walks toward Wraith. fCONTTNURD Y 69.
75) 4) dialog: That’s the plan. It’s a lot easier than finding him. Creed slams Wraith against the concrete wall and plunges claws deep into Wraith’s gut. The Texan's mouth opens as the full force of the pain hit him. Creed whispers in his ear. VICTOR CREED (cont'd) I can feel your spine, Johnny Boy. A sickening crunch as vertebrae are crushed like walnut shells. VICTOR CREED (cont’d) Never knew you had one. Creed drops Wraith’s body to the ground. 70. INT. HINES’ HOUSE - NIGHT Carol Hines, the Army surgeon last seen in Alkali Lake, unlocks her front door and steps inside her house. She looks exhausted, with deep circles under her eyes. Sh puts her keys and the mail on a table by the door and the looks up, startled, when she hears SHRIEKING. Hines, very nervous, advances into the dark kitchen. She flicks on the lights. A red kettle on the stove top whistles. A mug waits on the counter. Hines, mystified, t off the burner.
83) 6) dialog: Man’s got a hard head.
84) 0) text: Perhaps the colors are desaturated to let us know that th is a scene we've witnessed before, or thought we did. Kayla sits behind the wheel of her pickup. Victor Creed w toward her, black talons raking five gashes on the hood. Kayla has been expecting him. She pulls her backpack out behind the seat and takes from it a hypodermic needle and plastic IV bag filled with dark blood. Creed tears the truck’s door off its hinges and tosses it twenty yards. Kayla injects herself with the hypodermic.
85) 17) dialog: My kind of guy.
85) 26) dialog: You mean I don’t get to potty train him?
93) 0) text: Victor Creed holds Hines against the cell wall with one h Her feet kick in the air as she struggles. He splits her blouse down the middle with a long black ta
93) 1) dialog: I’ve always had a thing for human chicks. You’re all so soft and helpless.
93) 3) dialog: Maybe it’s time I did a little surgery on you, Doctor.
93) 5) dialog: (to Logan) Starting to think you’re addicted to pain. You keep coming back for ‘more. Snikt!
93) 7) dialog: Amen to that. Kayla stands in between them, holding up her hands.
93) 14) dialog: Don’t try your head games on me. I’ve gutted better telepaths than you. Creed rears back to hammer Kayla, a blow that would separ her head from her body. Logan catches Creed’s fist inches from Kayla’s face. LOGAN . Time you quit picking on girls. my
93) 15) dialog: Oh, I’m happy picking on men. Creed swings at Logan’s head, Logan ducks, and the fight begins. This is melee so efficient that no motion is wasted. Ever lunge would kill any other adversary. Every parried blow would shatter a normal man’s arm. ~ Kayla, bleeding from the nose, staggers to her feet. She helps up Hines and pushes her toward the door.
93) 17) dialog: You’re ruining my party. He grabs hold of Logan and hurls him headfirst through th cell wall-- a concrete support wall. 93.
94) 10) dialog: How you gonna fight without eyes, little man? Logan brings his knee up hard, smashing his adamantium-— enhanced kneecap into Creed’s groin. The big man groans. Logan spins Creed around, jamming him against the wall. He tries to skewer Creed with the claws his right hand but Creed moves his head at the last momen Logan’s claws are buried to the hilt’ in the wall. He str at Creed with his left hand, but Creed dodges again. All of Logan’s claws are deep in the solid rock wall. He brings his hands together, the adamantium blades slici through granite as if it were cheesecake. Creed ducks under the claws an instant before they shred He grabs Logan in a bear hug. A large section of the wall behind them falls out, and, unable to halt their momentum, Logan and Creed tumble thr the hole, disappearing from sight. Kayla runs over and stands at the jagged precipice, looki out onto the gargantuan Weapon XI cavern.
95) 10) dialog: Your pal Wraith pissed all over my boots when I crushed his spine. Smell like fear, don’t they? Something changes within Logan, a fury so overwhelming it cannot be contained, a rage so vast it could only be call berserker. . _Logan rolls toward his tormentor, sweeping his claws str through Creed’s ankle, severing the foot. Creed screams and falls to his knees. Logan stands, grabbing a handful of Creed’s dirty blonde hair.