7) 0) text: A dim COLLEGE LECTURE HALL. KARA (25) a_cute blonde, finishes giving her report in fr of the CLASS. She wears a PHANTOM OF THE OPERA SK, makeup done up on it. Blown up behind her, a PHOTO of Kara and h TEST SUBJECT, a more hideous version, her makeup Joker-li
7) 1) dialog: ..-my test patient’s charade of misconstrued feelings, will lead to misguided intentions. Therefore, no matter how she chooses to doll wu now, this will manifest one day in her actions. The makeup is merely her mask covering the scars none of us can gee: ) ipping a page .--but my issue Pont with her feelings, or even her way of thinking. What choice did she have? She's labeled a “freak”, triggering ears of oppressing her true eelings-- loneliness, inadequacy-- the inability to live “up to the standard”. A standard set by whom? Daddy didn’t give affection. Mommy didn’t care. So who’s left? The rest of the class-- 15 STUDENTS, all wear masks-- ali funny, scary, a catcher’s mask, homemade, all kinds:
7) 2) dialog: Each and everyone of us here. (then) If we don’t begin to recognize and help these types of people, before it reaches a point where maniacal thoughts become actions, you might never know when Your worst nightmare could be sitting right next to you. (then) Thank you. The lights come UP e the class claps. Roland sits anonymo amongst them, in his wolf mask. As the kids remove masks:
7) 5) dialog: The problem is our foundation, built on ‘We the People’, was trampled over by the “Dime, Money and Resources People”, who gonveniently are never available when--
7) 7) dialog: Is it democratic or republican to let our society devolve into a self- centered existence?
7) 9) dialog: --or hell, who knows, maybe my test patient iS an evil genius, plotting to murder me during our follow up session and Chaos Theory wins again! The class bursts laughter-- Roland too-- Kara’s eyes ling on Roland, as he approaches the podium. He pulls off his mask, whispering something to her, it makes her smile. He moves her aside, reaching down, to a small CAULDRON be Holding it up:
7) 13) dialog: --my favorite color.
7) 15) dialog: You really think I was inspiring? Stepping up close, behind him:
7) 17) dialog: I was thinking of basing a book on my test patient from my thesis. A story based on her fucked up story..? She pops her sucker out, biting her lip--
7) 18) dialog: .+-would that be something that you could help me with?
7) 20) dialog: --perfect, when can we start?
7) 22) dialog: Ew, he’s such a creeper. Every time I see him, he always tries to touch me-— (Ro laughs, quickly) --but, yeah, I totally ran it by him yes erday, and he said it was a great idea. He actually thought you were the perfect person for me.
7) 25) dialog: You're gonna make me wait a whole week!? Are you trying to drive me crazy! (then) Are you having office hours this weekend?
7) 27) dialog: --okay, never mind. It’s fine. As she starts to go:
7) 29) dialog: --firm but fair. Tell her again for me, I’m really, really sorry, I didn’t think, I’m an idiot, I just--
7) 31) dialog: “No harm, no foul”, I like that. then) That reminds me-- check your e-mail before you get home.
69) 2) dialog: Oh. Hi, Christine. Um... is--
69) 4) dialog: Oh... okay-- well, is he alright? I heard he was attacked, like mauled or--
69) 6) dialog: (re: the boxes) You guys moving? ris nods) Exciting-- where to?
69) 9) dialog: I hope whatever happened at least inspires some good writing. He’s a good teacher, in his own way...
69) 11) dialog: He taught me to take the work seriously. A beat.