1) 15) dialog: Ya know what I'd love to see? I loved to see me some lavender. You got any lavender? Or even pink - pink'll do. Sethe is placing folded laundry into a dresser. She stops checks her pockets for rags or swatches...She looks aroun the room..
1) 17) dialog: Ah, winter in Ohio is especially rough if you've got an appetite for color. Suggs goes back to contemplating her green until;
1) 19) dialog: Oh, that's fine. Fine. Sethe lets out a small laugh. She walks toward the window stretching her body. Her expression changes as she thinks her boys. Baby Suggs reads her like a book.
1) 20) dialog: They'll be all right. I'm surprised they lasted here this long.
1) 22) dialog: What'd be the point? Not a house in the country ain't packed to the rafters with some dead Negro's grief. We lucky our ghost is a baby. My husband spirit come back? Or yours? Don't talk to me! Ha..You lucky. You got one child left, still pullin at your skirts. Be thankful. I had eight. Eight with six fathers. Every one of them gone from me. Four taken, four chased and all, I expect, worrying somebody's house into evil. My first born - alls I can remember of her now is how she loved the burned bottom of bread. Her little hands..I wouldn't know'em if they slapped me. Can you beat that? Eight children and that's all I remember.
1) 26) dialog: Oh, I remember bits and pieces of all of'em I guess..Halle, of course..I had Halle a lifetime. Almost twenty years... My two girls, sold and gone before I could even a heard about it, and them without their grown up teeth yet. My third child, my son after Halle...I let that straw boss have me for four months so's I could keep that boy. Next year, he had him traded for lumber anyway and me pregnant with his child. I couldn't love that child. I wouldn't. Not any of the rest either. God take what He would....and He did...
1) 28) dialog: Those boys didn't even know him. You had six whole years of marriage to my Halle Fathered every one of your children. A blessing. I learned hard that a man's just a man, but a son like that...like Halle..now that's somebody. Sethe's mixed feelings show all over her face. Although s loved Halle, there is clearly something unresolved in her
2) 52) text: Oh that's not Baby Suggs. That's my daughter. The one I sent ahead with the boys before I run off.
4) 0) text: Denver walks through the broken furniture and dishes. At stove, she ashes over the fire and pulls the pan of biscu from the oven, EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - CONTINUOUS. A shirtless Paul D. is by the water pump washing himself. INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS. Denver lifts the fallen jelly cupboard, it's contents lay in a heap in the corner of the bottom shelf. She takes ou jar. She looks for a plate and finds half of one by the broken table. She picks it up as she hears Paul enter thr the front door. INT. BABY SUGGS BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS. Sethe prepares a bed for Paul. Baby Suggs quilt is on the bed. She hesitates whether or not to leave it there. Paul stands by the door with his shoes in his bands, his shirt hanging open down the front. Sethe is surprised to see him there - she feels awkward.
9) 43) dialog: I'm not here to tell you all to clean up your lives and sin no more....I'm not here to tell you we're the blessed meek and are glorybound!...I'm here to tell you that the only grace we can have, is the grace we can imagine...And if you cannot see it, then you shall not have it... END OF MEMORY. C.U. on SETHE as she remembers Baby Suggs words, sitting alone in the clearing - the images of the past gone. EXT. WOODS - SAME TIME. Beloved has found her and watches from a hidden place... Camera moves beyond her to find; Denver, having followed Beloved, watches her from a dista EXT. A CLEARING IN THE WOODS - EARLY MORNING. Sethe remembers Baby Suggs advice:
9) 44) dialog: ..God lead you home... So now, lay'em down, child. Sword and shield..Don't study war no more. Lay all that mess down. Sword and shield...
13) 24) text: Let's try to get these on your feet. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE ROAD - NIGHT. Baby Suggs rises off the bench on the porch when she sees Sethe coming up the walk. She runs to her and embraces Se and the baby, tears in her eyes.
13) 25) dialog: Oh my Lord...My sweet Lord thank you. Baby Suggs welcomes Sethe into the house, kissing her har the lips....Sethe can't believe she's in her arms.
13) 26) dialog: Where's Halle? Sethe looks at her with confusion and exhaustion.
13) 28) dialog: Well, he be along presently, I'm sure.
13) 30) dialog: Not now. You too ugly looking to wake 'em up in the night. First we get you well.. INT. KEEPING ROOM - NIGHT. Baby Suggs bathes Sethe - first her face, her body...hand arms, legs... When she gets to her unrecognizable feet, she touches the
13) 31) dialog: You feel this?
13) 33) dialog: Nothing.. Baby Suggs notices roses of blood on Sethe's back...She l and covers her mouth when she sees the remnants of the wh
13) 34) dialog: Girl... INT. KEEPING ROOM - LATER THAT DAY. Baby Suggs with two other grown women attend to Sethe's b greasing it and pinning double thicknesses of cloth to th inside of a newly stitched dress... INT. KEEPING ROOM - STILL LATER THAT DAY. Sethe, sitting in bed with her new dress and her wounds dressed waits for her children. Baby Suggs opens the door and the boys are ushered in. Se welcomes them to her arms...They run to her, jumping on t bed. The startle causes some pain but Sethe doesn't care. The Little Girl (Beloved) is crawling and ushered toward mama.
13) 35) dialog: Already crawling - ain't that somethin? ..Come on, baby girl..right this way..Mama's waiting.. Sethe picks her up and the tears flow. She can't stop kis them - their necks, their heads, their hands...The Boys inspect her strange looking feet and ask;
13) 38) dialog: All right boys - mama's home now, you be seeing her all the time..Go downstairs and get your supper...Go on... Sethe hugs and kisses them as if for the last time - as i she still doesn't believe she can just get out of bed, wa downstairs and be with them. The Boys leave as Sethe crad the Little Girl. Sethe anxiously undoes her dress and carefully guides her breast to the Little Girl. She winces with pain and smile she got her milk to her baby girl. Baby Suggs gathers the rags Sethe wore when she first arr
13) 39) dialog: Nothing worth saving here.
13) 41) dialog: Be nice if there was a groom to go with it. What do you think happened to him?
13) 43) dialog: (skeptical)
13) 44) text: Well put these on - maybe they'll light his way. As Sethe takes the earrings, the Little Baby Girl reaches them. Through her eyes, we see them sparkle and shine - like diamonds. Baby Suggs hands gently massage Sethe's neck as she says;
13) 45) dialog: Whatever happens now...God lead you home. So now lay'em down Sethe...Sword and shield..Don't study war no more. Lay all that mess down. Sword and shield... Sethe surrenders herself to Baby Suggs firm, safe hands - letting go of the "diamonds", one of which lands in the h of the Little Girl...who plays with them in fascination.. END OF MEMORY.
14) 0) text: Sethe is remembering these last images, she eases her own hand up to her neck - rubbing herself the way Baby Suggs She realizes how much she misses her...and wonder who can touch her now and help her "lay it all down". And then, q suddenly; AN IMAGE FLASHES ACROSS HER MIND;
16) 156) dialog: Let the children come! FROM OUT OF THE WOODS, CHILDREN RUN INTO THE CLEARING. Camera follows the joyous exodus to reveal: THE CLEARING IS FILLED WITH ADULTS the entire black community of the days when Sethe first arrived. The child run to their respective families;
16) 157) dialog: (with joy)
16) 159) dialog: Let the grown men come!!
16) 161) dialog: 
16) 164) dialog: Now...you women...I want you to cry. For the living. For the dead....Just cry. Camera follows those women who are not singing as one by they remember and weep... Sethe watches...and weeps.
16) 167) dialog: (laughs)
16) 171) dialog: It'll sickify her stomach..Now go wash up round back...crazy fool.. Stamp exits.
16) 173) dialog: He's a good one, no doubt of that. I can get three, maybe four pies out of this. Seems a shame just for us though. I'm gonna invite Ella and John over...
17) 0) text: Sethe continues working until she notices peripherally th Baby Suggs is standing stock still, staring at something. Sethe rises and looks in the same direction;
20) 0) text: The Four Horsemen - Schoolteacher, his Nephew, a Slave Catcher and a Sheriff - arrive at the house and dismount, tying their horses to the front gate (which is no longer there). The Nephew scampers to the front of the house and peers i the window - he listens. Hearing nothing he motions for t to go round the side of the house. Camera follows them as it reveals Baby Suggs and Stamp Pa standing exactly where we left them...Except; They are both staring at the shed - out of which strange noises, thuds and the FRIGHTENED CRIES OF CHILDREN are he Two Black Boys and several Woman are coming up the road. Slave Catcher motions with his rifle for them to stop - a they do. The men move towards the shed, meeting up with the Nephew he runs past Baby Suggs and Stamp Paid... POV; Camera moves closer towards the shed, the sounds coning f within more audible now...
21) 8) dialog: I beg you pardon..I beg your pardon..
22) 0) text: Sethe, clutching the dead baby to her chest, is led out o the shed by Stamp Paid, Outside, a throng of black faces have gathered who stop murmuring the second they see her. Among them are Ella an Lady Jones. They are shocked and pained. Sethe is led past them to a waiting cart - in total silen Baby Suggs, at the same time, is getting the boys up the porch into the house. When Denver cries in Stamp Paid's a she stops..lets the boys sit and runs towards the cart. Sethe is seated in the cart beside the Sheriff. Baby Sugg takes the crying Denver from Stamp Paid..She tells the Sheriff.
22) 1) dialog: Excuse me..but the child needs nursin..needs the mother's milk..
22) 3) dialog: One at a time!...And you gotta clean yourself up! But Sethe only wants her living child. The two women stru as Stamp Paid does what he can..Finally, Sethe wins and t Denver with her free hand, undoes her dress and nurse's h with a bloody breast.. Baby Suggs breaks inside. Breaks right in two, although f outwards appearances, she looks merely numbed by shock. A WHITE BOY makes his way through the crowd with a pair o shoes and hands them to her..
22) 6) dialog: (taking the shoes)
23) 28) dialog: ...All I remember is how she loved the bottom of burned bread. Her little hands...I wouldn't know 'em if they slapped me".
24) 11) text: The world is in this room, baby. This is all there is and all there needs to be. Denver smiles - but it is a cautious smile. Something abo her mother's statement both elates and disturbs her. EXT. BLUESTONE RD. - DAY. A conflicted and contrite Stamp Paid walks through the sn down Bluestone road towards 124. As he does, he remembers his last conversation with Baby Suggs;
25) 0) text: A fall day. Leaves ankle high. Stamp Paid is walking when sees baby Suggs carrying a carpetbag full of repaired sho He crosses over to her as he gets her attention;
25) 3) dialog: Folks come. Folks go.
25) 5) dialog: I got a delivery around here. Name of Tucker.
25) 9) dialog: Well what?
25) 11) dialog: If I call them, and they come what on earth am I going to say to them.
25) 14) dialog: That's the last thing they took from me.
25) 16) dialog: What I have to do is get in my bed and lay down. I want to fix on something harmless in this world.
25) 18) dialog: Blue. That doesn't hurt nobody. Yellow neither.
25) 20) dialog: I likes yellow.
25) 22) dialog: Can't say. It's something can't be planned.
25) 24) dialog: No, Stamp. I ain't.
25) 26) dialog: Those white things have taken all I had or dreamed. I'm saying ain't no bad luck in this world 'cept for white folks..They just don't know when to stop.
25) 28) dialog: I'm saying they came into my yard.
25) 30) dialog: I'm saying they came into my yard.
25) 32) dialog: Not like He punished me.
25) 34) dialog: Was a time I knew what was.
25) 36) dialog: What I know is what I see: a nigger woman hauling shoes.
25) 39) dialog: No. I'm looking for what I was put here to look for: the back door. They exchange a look of silence and finality. She turns a walks to the back door of the house and knocks. A moment later a White Woman appears, takes the carpetbag and keep Baby waiting on the back steps while she goes in for a di Baby rests on the railing until the whitewoman returns. MEMORY END. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - DAY. Now, Stamp Paid feels the need to find out what's going o inside 124 since he caused Paul to leave. He approaches t porch, then the front door. He raises his hands to knock but he can't bring himself to do it. He turns to walk away then stops. He turns back and with force of will, KNOCKS LOUDLY upon the door. No answer. He KNOCKS AGAIN. Still no answer. He steps back, trying to sense if anyone's there. He turn leave when he sees; TWO HEADS in the window. Denver and Beloved. Denver bolts away, but Beloved remains a moment longer - looking in St Paid's eye, then disappearing into the house. Stamp Paid is unnerved by her look. INT. SAWYER'S RESTAURANT - LATE MORNING. Sethe enters late, putting on her apron as SAWYER yells;
31) 0) text: Baby Suggs, near death, lying in her bed, chuckles and coughs;
31) 1) dialog: You mean I never told you about your daddy? About the Bodwins who let me rent this here house while I do my shoe repairing? About your mother's feet, not to mention her back? I never told you all that? A NINE YEAR OLD DENVER shakes her head.
31) 2) dialog: Is that why you can't walk down the steps and out yonder by yourself? Denver can't answer.
31) 3) dialog: Why you never go back to Lady Jone's and learn your letters? You liked going there I remember. Seeing the other children. Then all a sudden, you stop.
31) 5) dialog: My Jesus my...What people won't say. Why didn't you come and ask me? (Denver shrugs)
31) 8) dialog: You got to go sometime. You got to go out there by yourself sometime.
31) 10) dialog: There ain't.
31) 12) dialog: Know it, and go on out the yard. Go on. END OF MEMORY. INT. BABY SUGGS' ROOM - DAY. Denver has crawled up and snuggled against the pillow in same position as when she was nine in her grandma's arms. INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - DAY. Denver has changed into a clean, pretty dress and is approaching the stairs when she passes Sethe's room. It's door is open. She looks in.. Sethe stands with her back to the door, cleaned up, weari her best dress and the hat she last wore to the carnival. Denver smiles, hopefully;
35) 41) text: Don't you die on me!! This is Baby Suggs quilt. Is that what you planning!?
35) 51) dialog: ..The only grace we can have, is the grace we can imagine. If you cannot see it, you will not have it...Here, in this place, we are flesh. Flesh that weeps, laughs, dances on bare feet in the grass. Love it. Love it hard. Yonder they do not love your flesh. They despise it. They flay it. O, my people, they do not love your hands. Those they only use, tie, bind, chop off and leave empty, Love your hands. Love them. Raise them up and kiss them. Touch others with them, put them together, stroke them on your face 'cause they don't love that either. You  got to love it. You. Yonder out there, they ain't in love with your moth. They will see it broken and break it again. What you say out of it, they will not heed. What you scream from it they do not hear. No, they don't love your mother. You got to love it. And the feet that need to rest and to dance. The backs that needs support. The shoulders that need arms, strong arms I'm telling you! O my people, out yonder they don't love your neck unnoosed and straight. So love your neck; put a hand on it, grace it, stroke it and hold it up. Love all your inside parts, love 'em..and the beating heart, love that too. More than eyes or feet. More than lungs that have yet to draw free air, love your heart. For this is the prize. And with her twisted, broken old body BABY SUGGS BEGINS T DANCE AND TWIRL UP ON HER ROCK. And the crowd gives her music, SINGING IN FOUR PART HARMO CAMERA PANS THE CROWD OF BEAUTIFUL FACES singing together Among the crowd, we see FAMILIAR FACES... WE SEE THE WOMEN WHO SANG AT 124... WE STAMP PAID, ELLA, JOHN, and LADY JONES... AND WE SEE SETHE, SURROUNDED BY ALL HER CHILDREN.