5) 88) dialog: Beloved. Sethe drops the shoes. Denver sits down. Paul smiles;
5) 90) dialog: Last. No..just Beloved.. (she spells it)
5) 97) text: Look at her feet? They're not walking feet. More like she rode from somewhere all the way here. Yet, Beloved can barely stand upon them as Denver escorts to the white staircase. Beloved starts coughing.
5) 104) text: She's not sick! Denver helps her up the stairs. Sethe and Paul register Denver's defensive reaction. INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - SAME TIME. Denver eases Beloved into the bed. Beloved falls asleep t second she hits the pillow. Denver gently - cautiously - strokes Beloved's forehead and cheek. INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - NIGHT. Denver stands vigil beside Beloved, wrapped beneath a qui INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - THE FOLLOWING DAY. Denver watches her sleep, wiping her hot forehead with co cloths... INT. BABY'S SUGG'S ROOM - NIGHT. Denver washes out Beloved's underwear and stockings...She hears Beloved murmuring. She moves quickly to her side.
5) 106) dialog: Heavy..this place is heavy.
5) 110) dialog: How you get so smart?
5) 112) dialog: Yes you are!
5) 114) dialog: You don't go no more?
5) 116) dialog: You so smart. Tell me about your brothers.
6) 6) text: For ten minutes I give you one word for free. His hand glides down to her buttocks. Sethe can't help bu see the Young Boy watching the scene. END of MEMORY. INT. SETHE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT. As the memory starts to fade form her mind, Sethe suddenl feels someone else's presence. She looks up to find: Beloved standing by the door - watching her.
6) 8) dialog: Can I help?
6) 10) dialog: Where you go in the morning?
6) 12) dialog: What time you go?
6) 15) dialog: (scratching back of her head)
6) 16) text: I remember a woman who was mine and I remember bein snatched away from her. Sethe, nods, understanding such things. She cautiously reaches out to stroke Beloved's face. Beloved responds li puppy, pressing her cheek against Sethe's hand. Sethe is moved. INT. KITCHEN - PRE DAWN. Sethe enters the kitchen to make bread before she leaves work. She finds Beloved waiting for her, placing out her cooking things on the table. Beloved looks up and smiles.
6) 17) dialog: I'm helpin make your bread. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE - EARLY EVENING. Beloved waits anxiously at the window for the sight of Se coming home from work.... When she sees her, she runs through the house, out the do to meet her. Denver appears at the door, upset by Beloved's loss of attention in her. EXT. PORCH - EVENING. C.U. - SETHE, as she leans her tired head against the por sitting on the step. She closes her eyes and is about to drift off, when; BELOVED'S HAND gently touches her shoulder, settling ther Sethe looks up and smiles, patting her hand. Beloved stan above her as Denver takes a seat on the step. Beloved searches Sethe's eyes and asks;
6) 18) dialog: Where your diamonds? The question surprises Sethe...and startles Denver.
6) 20) dialog: On your ears.
6) 25) dialog: Tell me...Tell me about your diamonds... Sethe hesitates. Beloved kneels at her feet.
6) 28) dialog: (ignoring her)
6) 29) text: Tell me...Tell me about your diamonds. Denver awaits her mother's reaction with great interest. Sethe looks at Beloved sweet, innocent expression and something in her resistance, eases:
6) 32) text: Sethe's continues telling Beloved, an attentive audience. Denver, more attuned to Beloved's interest than the story disturbed at her mother's telling of it. INT. KITCHEN - ANOTHER EVENING. Camera moves up from the mended legs of the table Paul br to; A suspicious Paul glares at Beloved as they eat dinner. Beloved is ever ready to pass Sethe a bowl or napkin or whatever she needs. She is "shining" - for Sethe, and for Sethe alone. Denver notices it as well. It is raining outside. Both Denver and Beloved are wet fr the rain. Denver's hair is all tangled.
6) 38) dialog: Your woman never fixed up your hair? All three look to Beloved, puzzled by her question, which clearly intended for Sethe. Paul's getting more annoyed.
6) 42) dialog: Tell me 'bout her. Paul and Denver look to Sethe, waiting to see if she'll a
6) 52) dialog: What happened to her? Something inside of Sethe stops, a wall erected. Somethin unwanted is coming into her consciousness. Paul notices i She rises;
6) 59) dialog: Can I have some more pudding? Camera stays on Sethe as we drown out the voices at the kitchen table. She is staring out the window above the si as if watching the MEMORY BEING RELIVED IN HER YARD; POV - OUT THE WINDOW;
8) 2) dialog: I don't have nobody. She finds Paul interrogating Beloved who eats a second pudding. Denver tries to interfere.
8) 7) dialog: This place. I was looking for this place I could be in.
8) 9) dialog: She told me. When I was at the bridge, she told me. Paul looks quizzically at Sethe, who shrugs;
8) 12) dialog: I walked here. A long, long, long, long way. Nobody bring me.
8) 16) dialog: I take the shoes! (coughs) I take the dress! (coughs) The shoe strings don't fit! I... Suddenly, she begins to CHOKE on a raisin from the puddin and falls backward, off the chair. Denver and Sethe rush towards her. Beloved thrashes aroun until they help her turn over and spit up the raisin. She breathes in Sethe's arms as Denver wipes up the mess, glaring at Paul.
8) 18) dialog: (whispers)
9) 15) dialog: Nowhere. Look at me do this! She puts her fists on her hips and skips.
9) 16) dialog: Now you! Come on! Come on! She takes Denver's hand and places another on her shoulde As they dance, Denver laughs harder and harder - a giddin from the dizziness and the gratitude she feels for Belove attention. They spin and fall to the ground, like two lovers nestled Beloved catches her breath as Denver asks;
9) 18) dialog: In the dark my name is Beloved.
9) 20) dialog: (a thoughtful expression)
9) 23) dialog: Hot. Nothing to breathe there. No room to move.
9) 25) dialog: I wait; then I got on the bridge. I stay there in the dark, in the daytime, in the dark in the daytime. Long time.
9) 27) dialog: No. After. When I got out.
9) 29) dialog: To see her face.
9) 31) dialog: Yes. Sethe. And with that, Denver takes a breath of courage to ask th question she's been longing to ask:
9) 34) dialog: No. Never. This is where I am.
9) 37) dialog: Don't tell me what to do? Don't never tell me what to do!?
9) 39) dialog: (stands above Denver)
9) 40) text: She's the one! She's the one I need! You can go but she's the one I have to have! Beloved abruptly drops to her knees and crawls out the boxwood bush room as Denver's pleads;
14) 7) text: Sethe rises from the ground, as if with a new realization She begins to walk out of the clearing and into the woods her pace increasing with each image.... EXT. WOODS - DAY. Sethe walks through the woods, passing Beloved unawares - has fallen asleep by a tree. Beloved is awakened as Sethe walks by, and gets to her feet to follow. Further on, Sethe passes a sleeping Denver, who also awak upon hearing the footsteps of her mother, followed by Beloved. Sethe walks on, unaware of them following her. EXT. FIELD OF 124 BLUESTONE - DAY. Wide angle of Sethe walking well ahead of Beloved and Den Sethe is walking with great purpose and energy. INT. 124 BLUESTONE ROAD - DAY. Sethe enters and runs through the house to the kitchen;
14) 23) dialog: You have brothers or sisters? Caught off guard, Paul looks to Sethe - whose expression him to be nice.
14) 25) dialog: Sethe told us you been walking for eighteen years. Where you been all that time? Paul is about to get mad when he looks to Sethe again, re it back in and answers curtly, but politely;
14) 27) dialog: You be surprised what you start remembering once you start talking. Hearing his own words echoed back to him, annoys him.
16) 2) dialog: I want you to touch me on the inside part and call me my name. She hoists up her skirt and turns her head away.. Paul st at a silver lard can so as not to look.
16) 4) dialog: (drops her skirt)
16) 7) dialog: I want you to touch me on the inside part.
16) 9) dialog: You have to touch me. On the inside part. And you have to call me my name.
16) 11) dialog: Call me my name. Beloved moves closer, right up behind him, entwining her around his body, like chains..
16) 13) dialog: Call me.
16) 15) dialog: I'll go if you say it. Tears well up in his eyes. Paul can feel her warmth. He surrenders.
16) 43) text: You come upstairs tonight. Where you belong...and stay there. As if healed by her strength, Paul's face melts into reli INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. Denver is cleaning the dishes. Beloved sits like an angry upset five year old with her fingers in her mouth.
16) 44) dialog: She likes him here... (to Denver)
16) 48) dialog: It's like my dreams...I get two dreams, see..One, I exploding...BUUOOGGG...The other I being swallowed. Sometimes it's hard to keep my head on my neck, or these legs connected to my hips...One day I think I might wake up and I'll be in pieces.. (Looks at tooth)
16) 52) dialog: Yes.
16) 54) dialog: What?
21) 0) text: The Nephew opens the door. The Four Men enter.... Howard and Bulgar are bleeding in the sawdust, unconsciou a bloody shovel lays near them. Sethe is holding a blood-soaked Little Girl (Beloved) to chest with one hand...and Denver by the heels of the othe She is swinging Denver toward the wall planks, misses the tries again... When out of nowhere, Stamp Paid rushes by the horrified w men and GRABS DENVER OUT OF SETHE'S HAND before she can s her a second time... Stillness. Schoolteacher looks at the carnage...a bloody saw lies at Sethe's feet, the weapon she used on her own child's thro The Nephew is paralyzed...horrified.
23) 18) dialog: What do these do? Sethe and Beloved look up. Sethe smiles;
23) 21) dialog: Can we try them? Sethe takes the skates and looks at them with a curious lightness:
23) 32) dialog: I know it. A click. Sethe looks at her daughter, returned. "There is gasp of astonishment - no exclaim for the miraculous. For what is truly miraculous is so, because the magic lies in fact that you knew it was there for you all along."
26) 62) text: my Beloved and she        Beloved is my is mine....               sister...
27) 3) dialog: and she is mine... EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - EARLY EVENING. Beloved, waiting for Sethe to come home, sees her approaching. We hear her thoughts:
27) 4) dialog: I am not separate from her. There is no place where I stop. Her face is my own and I want to be there in the place where her face is and to be looking at it too...a hot thing..In the beginning I could see her. I could not help her because the clouds were in the way. But I could see her. The shining in her ears. I look hard at her so she will know that the clouds are in the way..I cannot lose her again. I see her face which is mine. It is the face that was going to smile at me in the place where we crouched before I come up out of the blue water. Sethe's is the face that left me. Sethe's sees me in her and I see the smile. She is my face smiling at me. It is the face I lost. Now we can join..a hot thing. Sethe comes to the waiting Beloved and smiles. She offers hand and Beloved rises. Denver exits to them and smiles. extends her hand to Beloved's free hand. The three women stand astride each other, arms around each other's waist they walk toward the porch... The dusk sunlight creates THREE SHADOWS - three figures holding each other the way Sethe saw the shadows at the carnival...Only they weren't Hers, Denver's and Paul's... were Hers, Denver's and Beloved's.... INT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - EARLY EVENING. The girls rush into the house, and down the hall. Sethe enters. Then turns back to the door. C.U. ; OF SETHE'S HAND LOCKING THE FRONT DOOR AS WE HEAR;
27) 17) dialog: 
27) 21) dialog: 
27) 25) dialog: 
27) 31) dialog: 
27) 37) dialog: 
27) 44) dialog: 
27) 52) dialog: 
30) 0) text: The sun shines on a warm April day..a day abundant with growth and renewed hope. But a shadow appears to be hovering over 124. It looks mo worn than before...neglected, abused. A broken window...the front door off it's hinge...a front step splintered and dangerous. INT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - MORNING. Camera opens on the front hall and moves through the hous revealing the same neglect inside; Broken furniture, dusty floors, mess and disorder... Camera enters; INT. KITCHEN - MORNING. Dirty pans, crusted food on the table, window curtains hanging askew... Sethe sits hunched over, asleep, in a chair against the w She wears a dirty, torn dress that hangs on her body - wh seems withered, frailer since we last saw her...In her la lies a clean pretty dress she was in the process of sewin when she fell asleep from fatigue. A LOUD CRASH wakes her up. Followed by a LOUD FRUSTRATED YELL. Her face registers fear. She realizes where she is, what time it is...and begins organizing breakfast... She places the dress neatly on the chair, then grabs a cl and wipes away the crumbs and dirty plates from supper, placing them in the sink... She opens a pantry cupboard to reveal BARE SHELVES except a SINGLE EGG and a bowl of HOMINY GRAINS about 1/4 full. searches in a panic for more food - anywhere - opening  cabinets, doors - places that never stored food. She real there is none left. INT. DENVER'S ROOM - MORNING. Denver finished dressing. She has been able to maintain a semblance of order about her person and room.. But as she steps out into the second floor hallway, we se the same disarray as downstairs... She passes by Baby Sugg's old room and discovers; BELOVED, sprawled across the bed, half naked. Her belly i huge, her body unwashed. She looks, and behaves, like a w animal... A broken lamp lies on the fall - pushed over by her leg a she shifted in bed. Her feet, overhanging the bed, are st touching the bedside table where the lamp sat. She is awake now - making a small hole larger in Baby Sug old quilt.
30) 2) dialog: What do you know about it? I sleep where I want.
30) 4) dialog: Breakfast ready? I'm hungry! INT. KITCHEN - MORNING. Sethe has prepared all the food that was left and placed on one plate which she sets on the table. She stands at t stove, with her back to us, picking crusted pieces of foo off the bottom of the pan. Beloved moves straight to the chair in front of the place begins to eat, shovelling the food into her mouth. Denver sees her mother covertly eating the burnt pan crum as she pretends to wash the dishes.
30) 10) dialog: You don't sit with me!!
30) 12) dialog: You don't sit with me!! I don't sit with people who leave me!
30) 14) dialog: I had another dream last night. (as she eats)
30) 15) text: The dead man laying on top of me and I had nothing to eat. And the ghosts without skin stuck their fingers in me and said Beloved in the dark and bitch in the light..
30) 17) dialog: You gave me the bad dreams. You left me behind...
30) 19) dialog: You're weren't nice to me..you didn't smile at me..
30) 22) dialog: 
30) 29) dialog: I want somethin' sweet.
30) 31) dialog: Not for me, you don't! You don't let me eat the pies...
31) 14) dialog: I look just like her. Disgusted, Denver exits. INT. KITCHEN - DAY. Denver walks down the stairs, entering the kitchen; Sethe is on her knees, picking up pieces of broken plate. she moves the skin on her knees bleeds as it scrapes agai pieces too small to clean.
31) 31) dialog: 
34) 0) text: The women continue singing as: Sethe and Beloved, her belly as big as a pregnant woman's exit the house. The women are stunned by the sight and slightly confused the lack of fear between the women. Sethe is holding Beloved's hand. Beloved is smiling brigh at the beautiful singing. Denver looks to her mother; Tears run down Sethe's face but she is not crying. The so of the women's voices wash over her like a baptism. She l to all the women, faces she remembers, faces she has miss although up until this moment was not conscious of missin Then, Sethe looks beyond the women and sees: