1) 5) dialog: Bul? The boys look up the stairs and see their baby sister, ni year old DENVER.
1) 6) dialog: Where you goin? The brothers are brokenhearted at the sight of her. They their sister. But there are stronger forces here. A MIRROR on a wall beside Howard cracks down the middle.
1) 9) dialog: Bye? Bul? Bulgar is starting to cry. He rushes up the steps and hug his sister. He kisses her hard then breaks away. Denver's outstretched hand misses his shirt and hangs mid-air.
1) 10) dialog: No..Bul... Bulgar flies down the steps and disappears out of the hou holding Howard's hand once more. Denver sits alone at the top of the stairs.  She sadly lo up and weeps, as if to the house itself:
1) 11) dialog: Now what you go and do that for? EXT. ROAD TO THE TRAIN - DAWN. THE VOICE OF SETHE HUMMING A MELODY carries over the imag of: The two boys running for their lives towards the train, holding hands all the way.  Howard is the first to reach As it passes by, he throws his bag upon it and jumps in. Bulgar races beside it as Howard reaches for him. C.U. - HOWARD'S HAND reaching for BULGAR's...They connect WIDE SHOT - The boys are on the train as it leaves town. On it's route, the train passes a ramshackle GRAVEYARD. CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY INTO THE GRAVEYARD until it reaches A HEADSTONE, made with flecked pink stone. Upon the headsto is only one word: BELOVED. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - CONTINUOUS. Camera moves slowly towards the side exterior of 124, int Close-Up of a WOMAN looking out of a second floor bedroom window. It is SETHE, mother of the two boys and Denver. S hums her melody, softly, sadly, with a resigned understan of why her boys are running away...and a deep pain that i too constant to notice.
1) 34) dialog: Mama?
1) 36) dialog: You think maybe when daddy comes, he could talk to the baby ghost. Maybe make her behave and then people won't be scared of here no more.
1) 38) dialog: Why won't she ever settle?
1) 40) dialog: For a baby she throws a powerful spell.
1) 42) dialog: What do you pray for Mama?
1) 44) dialog: About what?
1) 46) dialog: What things?
1) 48) dialog: If it's still there, waiting, that mean nothing ever dies?
1) 50) dialog: You never tell me all what happened. Just that they whipped you and you run off pregnant with me.
1) 52) dialog: (nods)
1) 55) dialog: Had a high neck. Whole mess of buttons coming down the back.
1) 57) dialog: A bunch at the back. On the sit down part.
1) 59) dialog: I don't know what it's called.
1) 61) dialog: Kneeling next to you while you were praying. I mean, talking. It looked just like you.
1) 63) dialog: I think it was a sign. I think maybe baby's got plans.
1) 65) dialog: I don't know, but that dress holding onto you got to mean something.
1) 67) dialog: She's crawling again. Sethe nods and holds her daughter's hand as they listen.
2) 65) dialog: Daddy? She runs down the white staircase. INT. KITCHEN - MORNING. As Denver runs into the kitchen, we hear:
2) 69) dialog: Good morning, Mr. D.
2) 71) dialog: Yes sir.
2) 73) dialog: You knew my father?
2) 77) dialog: We have a ghost here, you know.
2) 79) dialog: No sir, not evil. But not sad either.
2) 81) dialog: Lonely.
2) 83) dialog: It's my sister. She was just a baby when she died in this house.
2) 85) dialog: (annoyed, resentful)
2) 90) dialog: Then why don't you ever tell me about it? Sethe pauses - unnerved and irritated by Denver's challen
2) 95) dialog: Where's he going to sleep? Baby Sugg's room got no sheets or nothing.
2) 97) dialog: Maybe you should stay with mama, Mr. Garner. Then you two can talk about Sweet Home all night long.
2) 103) dialog: I can't no more! I can't no more!
2) 105) dialog: I can't live here! I don't know where to go or what to do but I can't live here. Nobody speaks to us. Nobody comes by. Nobody even knows I'm alive.
2) 108) dialog: It's not! It's not the house! It's us! It's you!
2) 112) text: It's easier than some other things. Come here, baby.. Denver allows herself to be held.
2) 119) text: I got a tree on my back and a haunt in my house and nothing in between but the daughter I'm holding in my arms. No more running - from nothing! I will never run from another thing on this earth, you hear! I took one journey and I paid the ticket but let me tell you something, Paul D. Garner; it cost too much! Do you hear me?! It cost too much! Now sit down and eat with us or leave us be! Sethe's sudden outburst startles Paul. He watches as Seth ushers Denver out to the keeping room off the kitchen to quiet her down. Alone, Paul is disturbed by Sethe's words. He fishes out pouch of tobacco and concentrates on it, searching for smoking papers he knows he doesn't have...waiting for Set to return. When she does, she heads straight for the stove. She spit her finger and touches it to check it's heat. She then be to make bread from flour, soda and salt - keeping her bac Paul throughout - as the scene continues;
4) 0) text: Denver walks through the broken furniture and dishes. At stove, she ashes over the fire and pulls the pan of biscu from the oven, EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - CONTINUOUS. A shirtless Paul D. is by the water pump washing himself. INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS. Denver lifts the fallen jelly cupboard, it's contents lay in a heap in the corner of the bottom shelf. She takes ou jar. She looks for a plate and finds half of one by the broken table. She picks it up as she hears Paul enter thr the front door. INT. BABY SUGGS BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS. Sethe prepares a bed for Paul. Baby Suggs quilt is on the bed. She hesitates whether or not to leave it there. Paul stands by the door with his shoes in his bands, his shirt hanging open down the front. Sethe is surprised to see him there - she feels awkward.
5) 35) text: You got to know something, though - this here ain't no better life. It's just not that other one. What I do here - all I ever do - is keep Denver from that other..So if you stay, there's no more talk about Sweet Home or anything else. I won't let the past in my yard again. Getting me and Denver through this here life is all that matters. You understand?
5) 52) text: Some?...Well okay...some. Sethe manages a smile. INT. DENVER'S BEDROOM - NIGHT. Denver lies curled up in her bed. Alone. Sethe enters and crawls in unexpectedly. Denver looks up, surprised to see her.
5) 53) dialog: What is it? What's wrong?
5) 55) dialog: You think baby ghost's really gone?
5) 57) dialog: I miss her. Sethe lets out a small laugh.
5) 58) dialog: I do. Baby Suggs told me baby ghost would never hurt me. She was my sister. When I was little, after the boys left, I used to think that she and me both were waiting for daddy to come. And once he did, she wouldn't be mad no more. (Sethe listens sadly)
5) 59) text: They hear Paul singing out on the porch. Denver grimaces.
5) 60) dialog: Wish he'd shut-up...He's ruined everything.
5) 62) text: He..he wants to takes us to the carnival next Thursday... Denver's eyes light up with excitement then caution.
5) 63) dialog: You mean, go out where they'll be other people?
5) 65) dialog: (downplaying her excitement)
5) 68) text: Can I ask you something? (Denver nods, her back to Sethe)
5) 70) dialog: On what mama? Countin' on what? Sethe can barely bring herself to say. To hope. To imagin Paul? But, for Denver, she forces herself and whispers;
5) 84) dialog: Look. What is that? All three look to see; THE YOUNG BLACK WOMAN sitting on a stump not far from the steps of 124. As the three approach, the Young Woman lifts her head and stares directly at Sethe. The two women exchange a moment in their eyes - Sethe, curious yet warm...The Young Woman, happy yet there is a hunger in her stare. INT. KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER. The Young Woman seated on a chair as Denver refills a tin of water. The Young Woman drinks greedily, cup after cup.
5) 94) dialog: I'll take her up. She can sleep in baby Suggs room - that all right Mama?
5) 97) text: Look at her feet? They're not walking feet. More like she rode from somewhere all the way here. Yet, Beloved can barely stand upon them as Denver escorts to the white staircase. Beloved starts coughing.
5) 100) dialog: No. She's cold.
5) 103) dialog: (adamant)
5) 104) text: She's not sick! Denver helps her up the stairs. Sethe and Paul register Denver's defensive reaction. INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - SAME TIME. Denver eases Beloved into the bed. Beloved falls asleep t second she hits the pillow. Denver gently - cautiously - strokes Beloved's forehead and cheek. INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - NIGHT. Denver stands vigil beside Beloved, wrapped beneath a qui INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - THE FOLLOWING DAY. Denver watches her sleep, wiping her hot forehead with co cloths... INT. BABY'S SUGG'S ROOM - NIGHT. Denver washes out Beloved's underwear and stockings...She hears Beloved murmuring. She moves quickly to her side.
5) 105) dialog: Beloved? Beloved I'm here...what is it?
5) 107) dialog: Would you like to sit up? Beloved shakes her head no. She takes hold of Denver's ar and wraps it around her own body. Denver sits up against pillow as Beloved snuggles her body into Denver's arms an falls back asleep. Denver holds her, lovingly. INT. BABY SUGGS ROOM - DAYS LATER. Denver has not left her bedside. She places another quilt upon her, tucking it in around the sides. As she does thi Beloved's eyes open for a brief moment, catching the sigh Denver over her. She smiles. Denver gratefully smiles bac
5) 108) dialog: Can I get you anything? Are you hungry? Beloved looks over to a plate of half finished food - Denver's meal. Denver picks up a piece of sweet bread and feeds her. Denver is thrilled. THE FOLLOWING SCENES TAKE PLACE OVER SEVERAL WEEKS; INT. KITCHEN - THE NEXT DAY. Denver places sugar between two pieces of bread and gives sandwich to Beloved, who, no longer feeling sickly, accep it with a bright smile. EXT. HEN HOUSE - ANOTHER DAY. Denver explains how to pack mud in the cracks of the hen house as Beloved listens attentively, eating jelly out of jar. INT. HEN HOUSE - ANOTHER DAY. Denver explains to Beloved how to warm the chicks with th skirts as the latter eats something sweet. They both gigg at the softness of the chicks. INT. DENVER &amp; BELOVED'S BEDROOM - ANOTHER DAY. Denver is showing Beloved how to make her bed.
5) 109) dialog: ..then you fold it over like this see. This here used to be where my brothers and me slept. I was always at the top.
5) 111) dialog: I ain't so smart.
5) 113) dialog: Well, I used to go to Lady Jones. She'd teach us with songs how to spell and count.
5) 115) dialog: No I...I had to stop going.
5) 117) dialog: Well..they're names were Howard and.. As Denver continues, Beloved steps towards her and begins touch her face - examining her lips, her nose, her skin a it were a rose to admire. Denver drinks in the attention, heart expanding with love with every touch from this stra creature.
5) 118) dialog: ..and....and Bulgar...At night, we used to..crawl into bed together..I'd lay down on Bul's lap and Howard would tell us die- witch stories. He said they would protect us...And if I learned them, they would protect me if ever they were gone... EXT. PORCH - EARLY EVENING. Everyone is sitting on the porch after dinner. Beloved, looking strong and fit, eats a cane stick - gnaw at it to the flax, keeping the strings in her mouth long after the syrup had been sucked off. It makes Denver laug as she licks her cane stick. It makes Sethe smile, to see them both happy. It makes Paul disgusted. INT. KEEPING ROOM - NIGHT. Paul confronts Sethe as she sews.
5) 134) dialog: I didn't see no such thing. From Paul's expression we can tell Denver is lying...and whatever fragile connection they were building, is swiftl destroyed. INT. SETHE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT. Sethe is getting ready for bed. Denver sticks her head in
5) 135) dialog: Have you seen her? I can't find her.
5) 137) dialog: Beloved. Sethe shakes her head. Denver exits anxiously. The mentio of Beloved's name stir a MEMORY in Sethe:
6) 23) dialog: I never saw you with no earrings.
6) 26) dialog: (to Beloved)
6) 29) text: Tell me...Tell me about your diamonds. Denver awaits her mother's reaction with great interest. Sethe looks at Beloved sweet, innocent expression and something in her resistance, eases:
6) 32) text: Sethe's continues telling Beloved, an attentive audience. Denver, more attuned to Beloved's interest than the story disturbed at her mother's telling of it. INT. KITCHEN - ANOTHER EVENING. Camera moves up from the mended legs of the table Paul br to; A suspicious Paul glares at Beloved as they eat dinner. Beloved is ever ready to pass Sethe a bowl or napkin or whatever she needs. She is "shining" - for Sethe, and for Sethe alone. Denver notices it as well. It is raining outside. Both Denver and Beloved are wet fr the rain. Denver's hair is all tangled.
6) 34) dialog: Tomorrow.
6) 36) dialog: It hurts.
6) 50) dialog: Did she?
6) 56) dialog: (defensively)
8) 3) dialog: She has us now!
8) 20) dialog: Come to my room. I can watch out for you up there. Sethe gets Beloved to her feet. Denver takes her up the staircase to her room - glaring at Paul. When the girls have gone, Sethe turns on Paul as she clea up.
9) 14) dialog: Where'd you learn to dance?
9) 17) dialog: Why you call yourself Beloved?
9) 19) dialog: What's it like where you were before?
9) 22) dialog: Were you cold?
9) 24) dialog: How did you get here?
9) 26) dialog: All this time you were on the bridge?
9) 28) dialog: Why'd you come here?
9) 30) dialog: Ma'am's? Sethe's?
9) 32) dialog: You my sister, ain't you? You really are. Beloved looks at her and smiles. They are so close she le in curiously and - touching Denver's face - kisses her on lips.
9) 33) dialog: You won't leave us, will you?
9) 35) dialog: I knew it. I knew. First time I saw you and you said your name. And when you touched me - real gentle. And familiar. Like I'd felt that touch before. Smiling, Beloved moves to touch Denver's cheek when sudde Denver sits up cross legged and urges Beloved;
9) 36) dialog: Don't tell mama. You musn't tell her who you really are. I don't know what she'd do! Please, you hear? Suddenly, Beloved's face turns to rage as she rises up as well;
9) 38) dialog: But..but I'm on your side. I want to protect you...
9) 40) text: She's the one! She's the one I need! You can go but she's the one I have to have! Beloved abruptly drops to her knees and crawls out the boxwood bush room as Denver's pleads;
9) 41) dialog: No. Beloved please! Don't go! I didn't do nothing! We were dancing! Don't go!.... INT. DENVER'S &amp; BELOVED'S ROOM - DAWN THE FOLLOWING D The room is still dark from the night but the sun is risi outside. Suddenly, Beloved awakens with a start. She senses someth She rises and looks out the window to see; POV; SETHE WALKING ACROSS THE FIELD. Beloved quickly grabs her clothes and exits to follow her Denver awakens just in time to see her go. EXT. WOODS EARLY MORNING. Sethe is dressed as if for church as she makes her way th the woods with a specific destination in mind. Soon, she comes upon; EXT. A CLEARING IN THE WOODS - EARLY MORNING. Sethe steps out of the woods and into an open clearing. A LARGE ROCK sits in the clearing like a pulpit above the p of grass and weeds. Sethe remembers the place as it was... She hears the VOIC OF A CROWD...a gathering of people though the clearing remains empty. She crosses to the rock and sits. Camera m up to reveal -
13) 0) text: A thunderstorm cracks across the sky and floods the river Sethe is sitting beneath the oak - the rain soaking her a she breast feeds her baby. She cries out loud - but her s and tears are lost in the rain and thunder. EXT. RIVERBANK - LATER THAT DAY. Sethe walks downriver with Denver tied to her chest. She stops when she sees: A FLATBED gliding down river. She can't make out if they' white people or not, so she hides behind a tree until it passes; Waiting behind the tree, we see that Sethe is sweating a fever. But Denver seems to be doing fine. She sees the flatbed pass her and continues on her way. S sees; THREE COLORED PEOPLE - AN OLDER MAN and two boys - fishin She approaches cautiously. One of the boys is the first to see her. Sethe's bloody a torn clothes and her feverish face make her quite a sight the young boy. He taps the Old Man on the shoulder and motions for him to turn around. The Old Man takes in Sethe and instantly knows where she' been and why she's there.
14) 7) text: Sethe rises from the ground, as if with a new realization She begins to walk out of the clearing and into the woods her pace increasing with each image.... EXT. WOODS - DAY. Sethe walks through the woods, passing Beloved unawares - has fallen asleep by a tree. Beloved is awakened as Sethe walks by, and gets to her feet to follow. Further on, Sethe passes a sleeping Denver, who also awak upon hearing the footsteps of her mother, followed by Beloved. Sethe walks on, unaware of them following her. EXT. FIELD OF 124 BLUESTONE - DAY. Wide angle of Sethe walking well ahead of Beloved and Den Sethe is walking with great purpose and energy. INT. 124 BLUESTONE ROAD - DAY. Sethe enters and runs through the house to the kitchen;
16) 43) text: You come upstairs tonight. Where you belong...and stay there. As if healed by her strength, Paul's face melts into reli INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. Denver is cleaning the dishes. Beloved sits like an angry upset five year old with her fingers in her mouth.
16) 46) dialog: She'd be mad if he leaves. Beloved didn't consider that. Her fingers move violently her mouth as if something were bothering her...until, finally, she pulls out a back tooth...her lips slightly bloody.
16) 47) dialog: OOoo..didn't that hurt you?
16) 50) dialog: (cleans Beloved's mouth)
16) 53) dialog: Then why don't you cry?
16) 55) dialog: If it hurts, why don't you cry? Beloved, eases herself into Denver's arms, and cries... EXT. WINDOW OF 124 - NIGHT. We see Sethe and Paul united as the snow begins to pile u INT. SETHE'S BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT. Sethe lies with Paul, in the dark, her face looking up to ceiling. Paul is asleep. On her face are reservations. She rises, crossing to the window to look out. At the same time, Beloved appears silently at the doorway the room, looking at Sethe - hurt and sad. She walks by without Sethe noticing her. Sethe takes a breath at the window, watching the snow fal Then, as she moves back to the bed,... Camera moves ahead of her to: A DIFFERENT BED IN WHICH HALLE IS TRYING TO FALL ASLEEP. YOUNGER SETHE CRAWLS IN BESIDE HIM. WE ARE IN MEMORY; INT. HALLE &amp; SETHE'S SWEET HOME LIVING QUARTERS - NIG Sethe, Halle and the baby girl (Beloved) sleep together b the wall. The boys sleep together under a window.  Halle trying to sleep but Sethe is awake...
21) 0) text: The Nephew opens the door. The Four Men enter.... Howard and Bulgar are bleeding in the sawdust, unconsciou a bloody shovel lays near them. Sethe is holding a blood-soaked Little Girl (Beloved) to chest with one hand...and Denver by the heels of the othe She is swinging Denver toward the wall planks, misses the tries again... When out of nowhere, Stamp Paid rushes by the horrified w men and GRABS DENVER OUT OF SETHE'S HAND before she can s her a second time... Stillness. Schoolteacher looks at the carnage...a bloody saw lies at Sethe's feet, the weapon she used on her own child's thro The Nephew is paralyzed...horrified.
22) 0) text: Sethe, clutching the dead baby to her chest, is led out o the shed by Stamp Paid, Outside, a throng of black faces have gathered who stop murmuring the second they see her. Among them are Ella an Lady Jones. They are shocked and pained. Sethe is led past them to a waiting cart - in total silen Baby Suggs, at the same time, is getting the boys up the porch into the house. When Denver cries in Stamp Paid's a she stops..lets the boys sit and runs towards the cart. Sethe is seated in the cart beside the Sheriff. Baby Sugg takes the crying Denver from Stamp Paid..She tells the Sheriff.
23) 20) dialog: There for skating on the ice. We have another pair and half of another, I think.
23) 24) dialog: You sure mama?
23) 27) dialog: Come on, ma'am...try! Sethe steps onto the ice and takes a few strides and prom falls on her rear. The girls scream with laughter. Sethe tries to get up and falls, their laughter infecting her a well. The girls try to help her and fall over each other the trying. Denver rises and tries an independent glide. The tip of h skate hits a bump and she falls, flapping her arms wildly All three laugh so hard, they start coughing. Beloved goe Denver's aid. Sethe rises up on her hands and knees, her laughter shaki her chest and causing her eyes to tear in the cold air. Beloved helps Denver, and falls as well. The two girls se Sethe laughing and play it up even more, a few more times Until, Denver notices something and motions Beloved to st and look. The two glide back to Sethe. Her laughter has stopped, bu her tears have not... They gently, comfortingly, touch he shoulder. INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. It is a snowy night outside the windows. Sethe has laid out blankets and quilts in front of the fi in the stove. She has made sweet milk that she hands to t girls before taking her place in between them, on the flo facing the fire; Denver, on her right, rests her head on lap. Beloved sits on her left. She looks over to Beloved who is staring at the fire. The illumination highlights her beauty and her profile; the c mouth, forehead - all copied and exaggerated in a huge sh the fire threw on the wall. Sethe can't help but stare as another thought occurs to her;
24) 0) text: It's snowy white outside. The girls are still asleep in f of the stove. But Denver awakens upon hearing her mother the stove with dry wood and begin to cook breakfast. Seth hears her wake up and turns, as she beats eggs in a bowl;
24) 2) dialog: OOh, yeah...Don't know if it's the floor or the skating.
24) 4) dialog: That was fun. Beloved snores lightly beside her;
24) 5) dialog: Should I wake her?
24) 7) dialog: She likes to see you off in the morning.
24) 9) dialog: Won't you be late for work?
24) 11) text: The world is in this room, baby. This is all there is and all there needs to be. Denver smiles - but it is a cautious smile. Something abo her mother's statement both elates and disturbs her. EXT. BLUESTONE RD. - DAY. A conflicted and contrite Stamp Paid walks through the sn down Bluestone road towards 124. As he does, he remembers his last conversation with Baby Suggs;
26) 63) dialog: ..and she is mine...
27) 0) text: Denver is cleaning the kitchen, waiting for her mother. W hear her thoughts:
27) 1) dialog: ..I swallowed her blood right along with my mother's milk. She played with me and always came to be with me whenever I needed her. Me and her waited for our daddy. I love her. I do. She never hurt me. I love my mother but I know she killed one of her own, and tender as she is with me, I'm scared of her because of it. All the time, I'm afraid the thing that happened that made it all right to kill her own, could happen again. Whatever it is, it comes from outside this house, outside the yard. So I never leave this house and I watch over the yard so it can't happen again ... I have to keep it away from my sister...I'll protect Beloved...'Cause She's mine... BELOVED'S VO FADES IN OVER DENVER'S...
27) 27) dialog: 
27) 33) dialog: 
27) 41) dialog: 
27) 46) dialog: 
27) 50) dialog: 
30) 0) text: The sun shines on a warm April day..a day abundant with growth and renewed hope. But a shadow appears to be hovering over 124. It looks mo worn than before...neglected, abused. A broken window...the front door off it's hinge...a front step splintered and dangerous. INT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - MORNING. Camera opens on the front hall and moves through the hous revealing the same neglect inside; Broken furniture, dusty floors, mess and disorder... Camera enters; INT. KITCHEN - MORNING. Dirty pans, crusted food on the table, window curtains hanging askew... Sethe sits hunched over, asleep, in a chair against the w She wears a dirty, torn dress that hangs on her body - wh seems withered, frailer since we last saw her...In her la lies a clean pretty dress she was in the process of sewin when she fell asleep from fatigue. A LOUD CRASH wakes her up. Followed by a LOUD FRUSTRATED YELL. Her face registers fear. She realizes where she is, what time it is...and begins organizing breakfast... She places the dress neatly on the chair, then grabs a cl and wipes away the crumbs and dirty plates from supper, placing them in the sink... She opens a pantry cupboard to reveal BARE SHELVES except a SINGLE EGG and a bowl of HOMINY GRAINS about 1/4 full. searches in a panic for more food - anywhere - opening  cabinets, doors - places that never stored food. She real there is none left. INT. DENVER'S ROOM - MORNING. Denver finished dressing. She has been able to maintain a semblance of order about her person and room.. But as she steps out into the second floor hallway, we se the same disarray as downstairs... She passes by Baby Sugg's old room and discovers; BELOVED, sprawled across the bed, half naked. Her belly i huge, her body unwashed. She looks, and behaves, like a w animal... A broken lamp lies on the fall - pushed over by her leg a she shifted in bed. Her feet, overhanging the bed, are st touching the bedside table where the lamp sat. She is awake now - making a small hole larger in Baby Sug old quilt.
30) 1) dialog: You shouldn't be in here? Beloved jolts her head up to Denver. She doesn't like bei looked at unawares...
30) 3) dialog: You best leave that quilt alone. That was grandma's quilt. Beloved looks at Denver, then at the quilt - then abruptl tears the hole apart with one strong pull. Triumphant, she gets out of bed and exits, passing Denver
30) 6) dialog: Morning, ma'am. Sethe turns, not realizing Denver was there as well. Thei eyes meet. Sethe wonders if her daughter saw her eating t pan crumbs. She smiles;
30) 8) dialog: No, ma'am. Sethe looks relieved.
30) 9) dialog: I'll finish those. Why don't you sit down? Denver crosses to the dishes, taking the pan from her mot Sethe nods and crosses to the table, to sit down. But as she sinks into the chair, Beloved kicks it away;
30) 21) dialog: Ma'am... No one pays attention to Denver.
30) 24) dialog: 
30) 27) dialog: But mama..
31) 4) dialog: There was a boy there...said mama was a jailbird...said he could prove it.. Baby Suggs face registers the pain of her granddaughter, by hurtful words.
31) 6) text: 'Fraid I'll tell ya, huh? (Denver looks at her)
31) 7) text: Come here, child.. Denver crawls into her arms.
31) 9) dialog: But you said...you said out there, there ain't no...what was that word?..no..de- fense. No de-fense.
31) 11) dialog: Then what do I do?
31) 13) dialog: Mama? Sethe turns, startled, to reveal - it is BELOVED in Sethe best clothes...When Beloved sees Denver, she smiles tauntingly and strikes a pose...
31) 15) dialog: Mama let me help you.
31) 22) dialog: I want to work, Miss Lady.
31) 24) dialog: No. I mean work work.
31) 26) dialog: I can't do anything but I would learn it for you if you have a little extra.
31) 28) dialog: Food. My mama, she doesn't feel well. I couldn't stay away from her too long, cause of her condition but I could do chores in the mornings.
31) 30) dialog: No..No that won't do... Lady Jones can sense something far more serious is going INT. 124 BLUESTONE RD./ KITCHEN - DAY. Denver brings four eggs, some rice and some tea onto the kitchen table. Sethe's eyes well up. She looks at Denver as if for the f time. Her face an expression of gratitude. Suddenly;
31) 35) dialog: Thank you.
32) 0) text: Upon the stump, sits a plate of cold rabbit meat, which Denver brings inside. INT. GRACE'S HOUSE - DAY. Denver is returning a bowl to Grace, a friendly woman.
32) 3) dialog: Mama...Mama she's asleep. Why don't you eat something.
32) 5) dialog: But you'll hurt your eyes doin it there. Come sit at the table. Sethe considers this. She rises cautiously, then sits at table. Denver rises and gets her some food, placing it be her.
32) 6) dialog: Please mama, eat something... Sethe nods...Denver is getting more and more frightened o losing her mother completely...Instead of protecting Belo from Sethe, she must protect her mother from Beloved. EXT. THE BODWIN'S HOUSE; BACK DOOR - DAY. A white family home in a white Ohio neighborhood. JANEY WAGON, a benevolent black servant woman, opens the door for Denver.
32) 8) dialog: May I come in?
32) 10) dialog: I want to see Mr. and Mrs. Bodwin.
32) 12) dialog: Oh.
32) 14) dialog: I'm looking for work. I was thinking they might know of some.
32) 17) dialog: Yes ma'am.
32) 19) dialog: Yes ma'am..
32) 22) dialog: Yes ma'am.
32) 24) dialog: I miss her.
32) 26) dialog: (hopeful)
32) 29) dialog: Fine. But what would I do at night?
32) 31) dialog: In case of what?
32) 33) text: Don't ask me what whitefolks need at night. During Janey's lines, Denver looks about the house imagin herself here at night...her eyes happen upon A STATUE OF BLACK BOY on his knees, his head thrown back farther than head could go, his mouth wide open like a cup and filled money for delivery tips. On the pedestal are the words' A SERVICE;
32) 34) dialog: They good whitefolks?
32) 54) dialog: Mama?....Mama I'm going out.. (no response)
32) 55) text: Mama, I got a job. Working over at the Bodwins at night. Mr. Bodwin coming over now to pick me up on his way back from town. I'll be staying there nights and coming back here for the daytime. We'll have some money, mama..Mama? Sethe continues her action as if hypnotized. Denver approaches her from behind and whispers softly;
32) 56) dialog: I'm going help you, mama. Don't you give up yet. Denver touches her gently, but Sethe acts as if she hears feels nothing. Denver exits. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - LATE THAT DAY. Denver is sitting on the stump waiting for Mr. Bodwin whe she hears; THIRTY WOMEN, gathered together, walking up Bluestone Rd. towards 124, SINGING A HOLY SONG; Denver is amazed by the sight as the women position themselves right in front of 124 - armed with bibles, crucifixes and whatever other symbols of heavenly power t could find. INT. 124 BLUESTONE RD; THE KEEPING ROOM - DAY. Sethe is rubbing a naked Beloved's forehead with a cool c filled with ice, when the two women hear the singing. Beloved rises first and moves to the window to see. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - DAY. The women continue singing.
34) 0) text: The women continue singing as: Sethe and Beloved, her belly as big as a pregnant woman's exit the house. The women are stunned by the sight and slightly confused the lack of fear between the women. Sethe is holding Beloved's hand. Beloved is smiling brigh at the beautiful singing. Denver looks to her mother; Tears run down Sethe's face but she is not crying. The so of the women's voices wash over her like a baptism. She l to all the women, faces she remembers, faces she has miss although up until this moment was not conscious of missin Then, Sethe looks beyond the women and sees:
34) 5) dialog: Mama? She passes Denver, feeling for the ICE PICK IN HER APRON.
34) 9) dialog: 
35) 0) text: Paul D. is on his way to work when he sees; A poised, confident Denver walking in the opposite direct She spots him and smiles;
35) 1) dialog: Good morning, Paul D. Paul is clearly impressed by the sight of her.
35) 3) dialog: Don't pay to complain.
35) 5) dialog: No. Got me an afternoon job at the shirt factory. Figure between that and my night work at the Bodwins I might be able to put something away for me and mama.
35) 7) dialog: More than all right. Miss Bodwin, she teach me stuff..Book stuff. She says I might go to Oberlin. She's experimenting on me. Paul smiles - wanting to warn her but deciding not to spo the possibilities that lay before her.
35) 9) dialog: No. Not a bit all right. Hasn't gotten out of bed since that day.
35) 11) dialog: I don't know. I think I've lost my mother, Paul D. Silence.
35) 13) dialog: Yes?
35) 15) dialog: Haven't seen her since that day. Ella thinks she might be waiting in the woods for another chance but..I don't think so. Mama thinks she's gone for good. Says she can feel it.
35) 17) dialog: At times. At other times I think she was...more. But who would know that better than you. I mean, you sure 'nough you her. She levels her eyes at him and he knows what she means.
35) 19) dialog: I don't. I have my own.
35) 21) dialog: Yes sir
35) 23) dialog: Thank you. They pass each other until Denver turns back;
35) 24) dialog: And Paul D...you don't have to stay 'way, but be careful how you talk to my mama, hear?
35) 35) text: I saw Denver. She tell you?