14) 31) text: - PAUL D. ON HIS KNEES BEFORE A WHITE GUARD crotch.
14) 32) dialog: 
15) 2) dialog: Hiiiiiii! EXT. TRENCH - DAY. Three white Men walk along the trench unlocking the cage doors one by one... One by one, the Black men emerge and stand in a line in t trench. When all are assembled, A SECOND RIFLE SHOT signals them climb out of the trench to the ground above. Waiting for them above the trench, is one thousand feet o chain. Each Black Man bends over and waits as the First M on line threads the chain through his leg iron, passing i the second and so on... As they connect each other to the chain, Camera Pans down line of men and while not a word is spoken, WE HEAR THEIR THOUGHTS...thoughts to themselves, or, if possible, throu their eyes to the man beside them:
15) 13) dialog: Breakfast? Want some breakfast nigger?
15) 15) dialog: Hungry nigger?
15) 17) dialog: Here you go. The White Guard unzips his fly and undoes his pants and m a step closer to the Black Man's mouth. Paul D. looks ahead, trembling...He vomits...The Guard st away as another Guard steps in and hits Paul on the shoul with a rifle.. EXT. FIELD - DAY. The Black Men work...sledge hammers in hand... As they work, miraculously, THEY SING.."They sing about t women they knew, the children they had been...they sing o bosses and masters and misses...of mules and dogs and the shamelessness of life...They sing of sisters long gone. T sing love songs to Death." INT. TRENCH - NIGHT. A torrential downpour. The men in the wooden cages watch rain filling the trench, corroding the red dirt wall arou them. Bugs and human debris swirl around their legs and feet. M covering them through the cracks of the scrap lumber roof Some finds rest. other's minds are long gone. Camera finds Paul...HE IS SCREAMING. But there is no soun coming from his mouth. Tears flow down his face, but when touches them, he realizes; They are tears of mud. He looks up and the wooden planked roof is breaking under the power of the rain..He looks do and the water is up to his thighs. Suddenly, the chain linking his feet is pulled and he is knocked down..He gets up, searches through the mud for th chain and notices it's slack..He pulls as well.... One by one the men in the boxes realize the chain's end i being undone by the rain, as camera tracks down towards t last box to the dirt wall, into which the chain has been locked...It is giving way within the muddy wall. THE MEN BREAK THROUGH THE ROTTED WOOD ROOFS TO FREEDOM... WIDE ANGLE;