1) 25) text: You remember Halle.
5) 0) text: A brilliant bright yellow and green corn stalks in a tiny corn field. Sethe and a slightly older HALLE - handsome, strong - run through the field until Halle stops them at an isolated s
5) 1) dialog: How's this?
5) 3) dialog: Look around - can you see anybody? Sethe looks and can see nothing through the corn stalks. shakes her head no.
5) 4) dialog: Then nothing can see us neither. He takes off his shirt. Seethe giggles as she gets on the ground, keeping her ankles crossed. Halle lays her back and gently separates her legs. She giggles. Halle pauses before laying on top of her.
5) 5) dialog: You are a beautiful sight.
5) 7) dialog: You're my wife now! I can talk as stupid as I like about you! (she giggles)
8) 42) text: The one over your head... The one in the barn. Sethe stops dead cold. It's no use... The MEMORY TAKES OVER: INT. BARN - THE PAST. Violent, rapid images of Sethe being raped and beaten hel down by SCHOOLTEACHER'S BOYS. Sethe, pinned down, stares at the loft...Camera rises up... There, in the loft, hides HALLE...The expression on his f is that of a man broken in two... END of MEMORY. INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. Sethe wraps her arms tightly around herself and asks;
9) 4) text: You go tell these niggers where to go there Mister! Crow'em right outta here! Mister crows and the white men laugh. Tears of rage and humiliation stream down Paul's face. He struggles to keep a view of Halle, until he is out of sig END OF MEMORY. EXT. PORCH. - EARLY EVENING. Paul approaches Sethe, touching her gently.
9) 10) text: Let it alone. Just sit down and leave it be! Yeah that would be nice. Would be even nicer to lose it altogether - if I had my choice. Halle did. Other people's brains stopped, went crazy. How sweet that would have been. Me and Halle squatting by that churn, smashing cold lumpy butter in our faces, not a care in the world..
16) 57) dialog: He white, ain't he?
16) 59) dialog: How was he different?
16) 61) dialog: Don't matter. Loud or soft, what they say is the same.
16) 63) dialog: Yep. He did.
16) 65) dialog: If he hadn't, she would have dropped in his cooking stove.
16) 67) dialog: No, he didn't tell me no. She worked here ten years. If she worked another ten, ya think she would have made it? I pay him for her last years and in return he got you, me and three more coming..
16) 69) dialog: That's just it. We was men because he said so. We was men because we was on his land. You think he be calling us men if we ever walked off his land?
16) 71) dialog: Sethe..baby girl, that ain't gonna happen. Not by walking, anyway.
16) 73) dialog: Schoolteacher in there told me to quit lending myself out. That phrase "..while the boys is small"..causes Sethe to at her sleeping boys..
16) 75) text: Or me? Halle raises himself up to face her, to give her the fina
16) 76) dialog: Ain't gonna be no buying us out, like I did with mama. Or them. As far as Schoolteacher concerned, ain't no other life ahead for any of us but this one. Sethe understands, looks to her sleeping children and is frightened.
16) 78) dialog: (whispers)
16) 81) dialog: Same thing they're doing now, honey - only quicker. EXT. SWEET HOME - A DAY REMEMBERED. Sethe carries a big basket of berries as young Howard and Bulgar run ahead of her. She turns in the opposite direct and walks along the side of the house to the back entranc the kitchen. She passes the open window of the classroom and hears;
16) 91) text: Mmmm. Thank you Sethe. Now tell me, I know Halle's no trouble but the others, the Pauls and Sixo - how's my brother-in- law handling them? All right?