32) 7) dialog: Yes?
32) 9) dialog: What you want?
32) 11) dialog: Miss Bodwin. They brother and sister, darlin.
32) 13) dialog: What you want'em for?
32) 15) dialog: (smiles)
32) 18) dialog: I heard your mother took sick, that so?
32) 20) dialog: Well, come on in. You letting in flies. INT. THE BODWIN'S HOUSE - DAY. The house is filled with books and pearl white lamps and glass cases filled with glistening things. Denver pushes her feet into the soft blue carpet as she s with Janey.
32) 21) dialog: You know what? I've been here since I was fourteen and I remember like yesterday when Baby Suggs, holy, came here and sat right where you are. Whiteman name of Garner brought her. He and Mr. Bodwin were good friends. That's how she got that house you all live in. Other things too.
32) 23) dialog: I never went to those woodland services but she was always nice to me. Always. Never be another like her.
32) 25) dialog: Bet you do. Everybody miss her. That was a good woman...Well, I don't know whether the Bodwins think it or not but they sure could use some extra help.
32) 28) dialog: They getting older now and I can't take care of 'em like I used to. More and more they keep asking me to sleep over night. Now, I don't want to quit these people but they can't have all my days and nights too. I got my own family needs me. It'll take some convincing but maybe you could come after supper - take care of your mama during the day, then earn a little something at night, how's that?
32) 30) dialog: Be here. In case.
32) 32) dialog: In case the house burn down or bad weather slops the roads so bad I can't get here on time or late guests needed cleaning up after. Anything. (laughs)
32) 33) text: Don't ask me what whitefolks need at night. During Janey's lines, Denver looks about the house imagin herself here at night...her eyes happen upon A STATUE OF BLACK BOY on his knees, his head thrown back farther than head could go, his mouth wide open like a cup and filled money for delivery tips. On the pedestal are the words' A SERVICE;
32) 35) dialog: Oh yeah. They good. Can't say they ain't good. I wouldn't trade them for another pair, tell you that. But you come back in a few days - give me a chance to lead'em to it. All right? Denver nods, beaming gratefully - so gratefully that no w come, only tears... Janey reaches for Denver's hand and h it warmly;
32) 36) dialog: What is it, child? What's the trouble with Sethe? Denver looks at her and we know she needs to tell someone INT. ELLA'S HOUSE - DAY. Ella has gathered all the women of the town for a meeting including Lady Jones, Janey Wagon, M. Lucille Williams, Grace;
32) 38) dialog: That what she say.
32) 43) dialog: No. Grown now. The age it would have been had it lived.