2) 3) dialog: (smiles)
2) 7) dialog: Devil's confusion. He lets me look good long as I feel bad.
2) 9) dialog: 'Bout eighteen years, I figure.
2) 11) dialog: And I swear I been walking every one of them. Mind if I join you? He begins taking off his shoes.
2) 13) dialog: No, uh, uh. Can't baby feet. A whole more tramping they got to do yet.
2) 15) dialog: Well, long enough to see Baby Suggs, you..Where is she?
2) 17) dialog: Aw no. When?
2) 19) dialog: Was it hard? I hope she didn't die hard.
2) 21) dialog: That's some of what I came for. The rest is you. Sethe doesn't know what to do with her eyes when he says this..she looks away instinctively. Paul realizes that ma have sounded too intimate so he leans back and sighs:
2) 22) dialog: The truth be known, I go anywhere these days. Anywhere they let me sit down.
2) 24) dialog: Porch is fine. Cool out here. Sit with me. Like a nervous little girl, Sethe takes a sit beside a ma for the first time in years, folding her sweat stained sk beneath her.
2) 25) dialog: So Baby Suggs is gone. Somehow never thought death would find her.
2) 27) dialog: We managed well enough without meeting it.
2) 30) dialog: You know I would. But I don't know any more about what happened to Halle now than I did then. Something about Paul's expression might suggest he's keep something from her. He turns his gaze outward as he says;
2) 31) dialog: You must think he's still alive.
2) 33) dialog: What did Baby Suggs think?
2) 35) dialog: When she say Halle went?
2) 37) dialog: You had that baby, did you? Damn, never thought you'd make it. Running off pregnant.
2) 39) dialog: All by yourself too.
2) 41) dialog: Then she helped herself, God bless her. Awkward silence.
2) 43) dialog: You don't sound too steady in the offer.
2) 45) dialog: My house. I like the sound of that. Sethe smiles, then rises to escort him in. INT. 124 BLUESTONE ROAD - DAY. Sethe opens the front door and enters, with Paul behind h hanging his shoes by the laces over his shoulder. As he follows her in; A POOL OF RED, UNDULATING LIGHT forms around him. It worr him.
2) 46) dialog: You got company?
2) 48) dialog: Good God! What kind of evil you got in there?
2) 50) dialog: I thought you said she died soft as cream.
2) 53) dialog: She didn't live?
2) 55) dialog: The boys too?
2) 57) dialog: Well, probably best..If a Negro boy got legs he ought to use them. Sit down too long, somebody figure out a way to tie them up....... (the image disturbs Sethe)
2) 60) dialog: No man? (Sethe shakes head "no")
2) 64) dialog: Got that right. INT. SECOND FLOOR OF 124 - MORNING. Denver, all of eighteen years old now, and beautiful, is buttoning up her dress when she hears the voice of a man in the kitchen. She stops. Her face lights up.
2) 68) dialog: Good morning Miss Denver. It's a pleasure.
2) 70) dialog: Garner, baby. Paul D. Garner.
2) 72) dialog: Glad to get a look at you. Last time I saw your mama, you were pushing out the front of her dress. She's a fine looking young lady, Sethe. Fine looking. Got her daddy's sweet face.
2) 74) dialog: Knew him. Knew him well.
2) 76) dialog: If that's all right with you, that is?
2) 78) dialog: We met. But sad, your mama said. Not evil.
2) 80) dialog: What then?
2) 84) dialog: Reminds me of that headless bride back behind Sweet Home. Remember that Sethe? Used to roam them woods regular.
2) 88) dialog: Now, now, she got it right there, Sethe.
2) 92) dialog: Don't go to no trouble on my account.
2) 94) dialog: If he don't object to me I don't object to him. He addresses his humor to Denver who offers no response. crosses to the stove and works on lighting it. She's mad.
2) 100) dialog: Leave her be, Sethe. I'm a stranger to her.
2) 106) dialog: What she talking about 'nobody speaks to you'?
2) 110) dialog: Leave off, Sethe. It's hard for a young girl living in a haunted place. That can't be easy.
2) 113) dialog: I'm a grown man with nothing new left to see or do and I'm telling you it' ain't easy. Maybe you oughta move.
2) 115) dialog: Sethe!
2) 117) dialog: You going to tell me it's all right with this child half out of her mind.
2) 119) text: I got a tree on my back and a haunt in my house and nothing in between but the daughter I'm holding in my arms. No more running - from nothing! I will never run from another thing on this earth, you hear! I took one journey and I paid the ticket but let me tell you something, Paul D. Garner; it cost too much! Do you hear me?! It cost too much! Now sit down and eat with us or leave us be! Sethe's sudden outburst startles Paul. He watches as Seth ushers Denver out to the keeping room off the kitchen to quiet her down. Alone, Paul is disturbed by Sethe's words. He fishes out pouch of tobacco and concentrates on it, searching for smoking papers he knows he doesn't have...waiting for Set to return. When she does, she heads straight for the stove. She spit her finger and touches it to check it's heat. She then be to make bread from flour, soda and salt - keeping her bac Paul throughout - as the scene continues;
2) 120) dialog: What tree, Sethe?
2) 122) dialog: What tree on your back? I don't see nothing growing on your back.
2) 124) dialog: Who told you that?
2) 126) dialog: I don't follow. Sethe pauses. Something in her decides to tell Paul D, although she keeps working on the bread to stay in contro
2) 128) dialog: We was talking about a tree, Sethe. Sethe works faster. It is the work, taking an action - an action - that allows her tell the story numbly, without t pain of reliving it...without the images attacking
3) 7) dialog: The loft? INT. KITCHEN - PRESENT DAY. Sethe squeezes her eyes to erase the image and works hard on the biscuit dough...The flashes of IMAGES STOP...
3) 9) dialog: They used cowhide on you?
3) 11) dialog: They beat you and you was pregnant?
3) 13) dialog: Aw Lord, girl. Grateful to have her body be someone else's responsibilit for the moment, Sethe closes her eyes as Paul touches eve ridge and leaf of her tree with his mouth. The tenderness almost unbearable. Suddenly, PAUL'S LEGS BEGIN TREMBLING. He pauses and look down...He realizes it is not his legs that tremble, but rather;
3) 15) dialog: GOD DAMN IT! HUSH UP! Leave this place alone! Get the hell outta here! A table rushes at him but Paul grabs it's leg. Managing t stand at an angle as the house continues to pitch, he hol the table by two legs and bashes it about, wrecking everything, screaming at the house;
3) 16) dialog: 
4) 0) text: Denver walks through the broken furniture and dishes. At stove, she ashes over the fire and pulls the pan of biscu from the oven, EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - CONTINUOUS. A shirtless Paul D. is by the water pump washing himself. INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS. Denver lifts the fallen jelly cupboard, it's contents lay in a heap in the corner of the bottom shelf. She takes ou jar. She looks for a plate and finds half of one by the broken table. She picks it up as she hears Paul enter thr the front door. INT. BABY SUGGS BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS. Sethe prepares a bed for Paul. Baby Suggs quilt is on the bed. She hesitates whether or not to leave it there. Paul stands by the door with his shoes in his bands, his shirt hanging open down the front. Sethe is surprised to see him there - she feels awkward.
4) 2) dialog: Sure you don't want me to help clean up?
5) 12) dialog: Damn. I don't get why she picked him.
5) 13) dialog: Halle's got that way about him. That way a woman feels he's doing it all for her, not for himself at all.
5) 14) dialog: I can't see nothing so special about Halle.
5) 15) dialog: What about what he's doing for his mama?
5) 16) dialog: Fool thing, if you ask me. By the time he buys it, freedom won't mean a thing to somebody that old and worn.
5) 27) dialog: Sethe. (she stops and looks)
5) 30) dialog: Hogs is fine. Paul moves to where Sethe is sitting.
5) 31) dialog: I don't need much, Sethe. Eat, sleep, sing a little when it strikes me. I don't ask for more to..to live somewhere. Sethe realizes what he is asking and tentatively responds
5) 33) dialog: Your girl Denver. Seems she's of a different mind.
5) 36) dialog: Dangerous to love anything that much, Sethe. Best thing is to love everything just a little bit..that way, when it breaks or runs off or gets taken, well maybe you'd have a little love left over for the next one.
5) 38) dialog: That's the whole point. I'm not asking you to choose. Just want to know if there's some space for me. Want to know if it's more than "you can stay", "it's fine"..more like, "I want you here Paul". Beat. Sethe is frightened by the prospect of feeling for
5) 40) dialog: How are they?
5) 42) dialog: What about inside?
5) 44) dialog: Sethe, if I'm here with you, with Denver, you can go anywhere you want. Jump, if you want to, 'cause I'll catch you. Go as far inside as you need - I'll hold your ankles. Make sure you get back out. I'm not saying this because I need a place to stay. I told you, I'm a walking man, but I been heading in this direction for seven years. When I got here and sat out there on the porch, waiting for you, well, I knew it wasn't the place I was heading toward. It was you. We can make a life girl. A life.
5) 47) dialog: Leave it to me. See how it goes. No promises, if you don't want to make any. Just see how it goes, all right? Sethe's heart is twisted. She wants to cry...because she feels hope...and because she feels fear.
5) 49) dialog: You willing to leave it to me?
5) 51) dialog: (smiles)
5) 59) text: They hear Paul singing out on the porch. Denver grimaces.
5) 75) dialog: Two pennies and an insult well spent in my opinion to see the spectacle of whitefolks making a spectacle of themselves. Sethe can't help but let out a small laugh - and with tha laugh, a sudden sensation of relief... Paul buys Denver some licorice, peppermint and lemonade. Holding the lemonade for her, Paul asks;
5) 76) dialog: Mind if I take a sip? Denver agrees. Paul takes some lemonade then wipes the ri where he sipped with a small napkin and gently hands it b to her. Denver, in spite of herself, is starting to like END MONTAGE. EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY. Our trio are leaving the carnival, walking three astride distance in between each. The sunlight casts strong shado Sethe's eyes glance towards the ground behind them and se THEIR THREE SHADOWS ARE HOLDING HANDS.....as they walk ho
5) 86) dialog: Those shoes look brand new.
5) 89) dialog: Beloved. You use a last name, Beloved?
5) 93) dialog: Miss...Miss, you want to lay down? Her eyes open to slits. Paul is about to help her when De rises;
5) 96) dialog: (whispers to Sethe)
5) 98) dialog: Sounds like the croup.
5) 102) dialog: Could have the cholera.
5) 104) text: She's not sick! Denver helps her up the stairs. Sethe and Paul register Denver's defensive reaction. INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - SAME TIME. Denver eases Beloved into the bed. Beloved falls asleep t second she hits the pillow. Denver gently - cautiously - strokes Beloved's forehead and cheek. INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - NIGHT. Denver stands vigil beside Beloved, wrapped beneath a qui INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - THE FOLLOWING DAY. Denver watches her sleep, wiping her hot forehead with co cloths... INT. BABY'S SUGG'S ROOM - NIGHT. Denver washes out Beloved's underwear and stockings...She hears Beloved murmuring. She moves quickly to her side.
5) 119) dialog: You gonna just feed her, from now on?
5) 121) dialog: But don't she have a home? Some place to go?
5) 123) dialog: She breathe like she can eat, she could blow this whole house down. And all those sweets.
5) 125) dialog: But that's just it. She don't seem sick. Something funny about her.
5) 127) dialog: Acts sick, sounds sick but she don't look sick. Good skin, bright hands and strong as a bull.
5) 129) dialog: That's what I mean. Can't walk but I passed by Baby Sugg's room this morning and saw her lifting the rocker with one hand.
5) 131) dialog: Don't tell me. Ask Denver. She was right there. At that moment, Denver passes by on her way to the kitche
6) 32) text: Sethe's continues telling Beloved, an attentive audience. Denver, more attuned to Beloved's interest than the story disturbed at her mother's telling of it. INT. KITCHEN - ANOTHER EVENING. Camera moves up from the mended legs of the table Paul br to; A suspicious Paul glares at Beloved as they eat dinner. Beloved is ever ready to pass Sethe a bowl or napkin or whatever she needs. She is "shining" - for Sethe, and for Sethe alone. Denver notices it as well. It is raining outside. Both Denver and Beloved are wet fr the rain. Denver's hair is all tangled.
6) 39) dialog: What?
6) 45) dialog: (interrupts her)
6) 48) dialog: Any more beans? Sethe rises to get him more food and she continues:
6) 54) dialog: Well, as long as we're all asking questions, getting to know each other.. (to Beloved)
6) 58) dialog: You be surprised what you start remembering once you start talking.
8) 1) dialog: Ain't you got no brothers or sisters?
8) 4) dialog: You been here five weeks, we still don't know nothing bout you..
8) 6) dialog: What was you looking for when you came here?
8) 8) dialog: Somebody tell you about this place? At the sink, both Sethe and Denver pause, obviously inter
8) 11) dialog: How'd you come? Who brought you?
8) 13) dialog: You had new shoes. If you walked so long why don't your shoes show it?
8) 15) dialog: I want to know! Where'd you get them shoes and that dress you had on?
8) 22) dialog: I don't understand what the hold is. It's clear why she holds onto you, but I just can't see why you holding on to her.
8) 24) dialog: We was just starting to feel a little like a family ourselves.
8) 26) dialog: I can't place it. It's a feeling in me.
8) 28) dialog: I know every bit of that, Sethe. I wasn't born yesterday and I never mistreated a woman in my life!
8) 30) dialog: (surprised)
8) 33) dialog: What Halle ever do to you? Halle stood by you. He never left you.
8) 35) dialog: I don't know but it wasn't you. That's a fact.
8) 37) dialog: You don't know that.
8) 39) dialog: He couldn't get out of the loft, I expect. Forgetting himself, Paul let that slip out.
8) 41) dialog: (hesitates)
8) 44) dialog: You told me. The day I came here. You said they stole your milk. I never knew what messed Halle up. That was it, I guess. I seen him the day after you left. Says where you been Halle? All he says to me was "the loft". I asked him what he meant not going with you but he never answers me. But I knew was something broke him. Not one of them years of Saturdays, Sundays and nighttime extra never touched him. But whatever he saw go on in the barn that day broke him like a twig.
8) 46) dialog: A man ain't a Goddamn ax, Sethe. Chopping, hacking, busting every Goddamn minute of the day. Things get to him. Things he can't chop down cause they inside him. The last time I saw him, I knew he was broken for good...
8) 48) dialog: Nothing.
8) 50) dialog: I couldn't.
9) 2) dialog: I tried to kill Brandywine - man Schoolteacher sold me to. Don't know what possessed me...Me and about 45 other prisoners were being walked from Kentucky to Virginia...then on to Georgia. Two places I don't ever want to see again. He is lead past the milk shed, when he sees: HALLE, alone with a crazed faraway look in his eyes, sitt by the butter churn. HALLE'S FACE IS COVERED WITH BUTTER CLABBER. He sticks his hands in the churn and continues t cover his face with the sticky, slippery, white substance covering his face and head, squeezing it through his hand The White Men laugh. Paul is aching to scream out to him the iron bit holds down his tongue. As Paul is lead past Halle, A ROOSTER named MISTER is SIT ON A TUB in the sun shrieks with an almost arrogant glee.
9) 4) text: You go tell these niggers where to go there Mister! Crow'em right outta here! Mister crows and the white men laugh. Tears of rage and humiliation stream down Paul's face. He struggles to keep a view of Halle, until he is out of sig END OF MEMORY. EXT. PORCH. - EARLY EVENING. Paul approaches Sethe, touching her gently.
9) 5) dialog: I didn't mean to tell you that.
9) 7) dialog: I can't take it back but I can leave it alone. Sethe, instead of collapsing from the information, she se hardened.
9) 8) dialog: Let's do that..let's leave it alone now.
9) 11) dialog: Sethe, don't do this..
9) 13) dialog: Guess she's feeling better, huh? Denver gives him a quick, disdainful look, then continues after Beloved. The two girls run towards the woods. EXT. BOXWOOD BUSH ROOM - NIGHT. Beloved is dancing beneath a bright moon. Denver is an attentive, grateful audience.
14) 9) dialog: Where else would I be on a Sunday off? Sethe smiles, almost in tears.
14) 10) dialog: Why don't you come on in here?
14) 12) dialog: I don't hear nobody.
14) 14) dialog: What you gonna cook?
14) 17) dialog: Oh yeah.
14) 19) dialog: Yeah. He kisses her - and that's exactly what she wanted.
14) 21) dialog: I'm right here baby.
14) 24) dialog: We don't talk about that. Beat.
14) 26) dialog: Lots of places. I don't remember them all. Don't remember much about anything.
14) 28) dialog: Well not me. What's gone is gone. No good come from bringing it back. Pause. Paul focuses on his dinner, suddenly ill at ease. can't help looking, covertly, at Beloved and finds Belove staring right back at him...It makes him shiver. INT. SETHE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT. Sethe is asleep. Paul is restless - tossing and turning as we Intercut; Dream Images flashing across his mind...
14) 31) text: - PAUL D. ON HIS KNEES BEFORE A WHITE GUARD crotch.
14) 35) dialog: (waking up)
14) 38) dialog: Damn. I'm sorry honey...
16) 0) text: Paul D. is wide awake. The memories won't let him sleep. Winter has arrived and the night is cold. He lies underne a thin blanket in yet another sleeping place, even furthe from the house. He adds newspapers under and around his b to stay warm. He looks as if he has given up on sleeping altogether. He hears the door to the cold room open. But he does not tur look.
16) 1) dialog: What do you want in here? Beloved enters the cold room.
16) 3) dialog: When good people take you in and treat you good, you ought to try to be good back. You don't....Sethe loves you. Much as her own daughter. You know that.
16) 6) dialog: Then what you come in here for?
16) 8) dialog: Ever since you come here - feel like I got a new devil to face.
16) 10) dialog: Ain't no chains on me no more. I don't have to do nothing...Now, go back in that house and go to bed. Paul continues to stare at the lard can - like Lot's wife he's fearful what turning to look will do.
16) 12) dialog: No. Ain't no chains on me...
16) 14) dialog: ...Ain't no chains on me...
16) 16) dialog: Beloved. Beloved presses her body against his. He turns and grabs kissing her with a passion bordering on hatred. EXT. COLD HOUSE - NIGHT. Denver sits outside the cold house - and listens to the sounds of lovemaking. And cries. INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. Sethe, Denver, Paul and Beloved eat dinner...in silence. INT. COLD HOUSE - ANOTHER NIGHT. Beloved is wrapping her body with a blanket as Paul lies his bed of newspapers - their lovemaking finished. Belove gives him a final look - no tenderness or affection or ev friendliness. Just a cold look, void of respect or even attraction. She exits the cold house, leaving Paul alone. He is on th verge of tears. INT. SETHE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT. Paul stands above the sleeping Sethe - his guilt driving mad. He wants to touch her, to wake her, to ask for forgiveness and help. But he can not and buries his head his hands. EXT. SAWYER RESTAURANT - LATE AFTERNOON. Paul waits outside in the cold, cupping his hands and breathing inside to keep them warm. He is rehearsing:
16) 17) dialog: Look here Sethe..You ain't gonna like what I got to say but I got to say it...See, it's not the..a man can't...what I mean is, it ain't really me..see, it ain't weakness, the kind of weakness I can fight, that girl is doing it. I know you think I never liked her nohow, still don't, but she is doing it to me anyway. Fixing me, Sethe, she's fixed me and I can't break it... Sethe appears, exiting the back door of the restaurant wi scrap pan in the crook of her arm. To her surprise. she f Paul waiting for her.
16) 21) dialog: I took off early.
16) 23) dialog: In a way of speaking.
16) 25) dialog: No, no. They got plenty of work with them pigs..More they can handle. I just.. (Sethe waits)
16) 26) text: You ain't gonna like what I'm about to say, Sethe. Sethe steps forward to hear what Paul came to tell her. T is no apprehension or anger in her look. Instead, a calm resolve - as if she were already able to accept whatever had to tell her without it being anyone's fault. As if sh already knew he cane to say he was leaving her. She smile
16) 28) dialog: I want you pregnant, Sethe. Would you do that for me? Sethe breaks up with laughter. Paul joins in.
16) 30) dialog: Think about it. Paul lifts them, putting the tips of her fingers on his cheek. He smiles broadly; She laughs, shaking her head. A burden transformed into a gift, so suddenly. They begin walking. Sethe and Paul catch and snatch each other's fingers, stealing quick pats on the behind, joyfully. Paul throws arm around Sethe and squeezes. She lets her head touch hi chest. They stop and stay that way for a moment - not breathing. Sethe closes her eyes. Paul looks up to the tr lining the roadside like defending arms against attack. Softly, suddenly, it begins to snow. Sethe opens her eyes
16) 33) dialog: Where I been? Sitting down!?
16) 35) dialog: Then give'em to me. Before she can stop him, Paul hoists Sethe up over his shoulders.
16) 37) dialog: I sure would like to give it a try. Need a willing partner though.
16) 43) text: You come upstairs tonight. Where you belong...and stay there. As if healed by her strength, Paul's face melts into reli INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. Denver is cleaning the dishes. Beloved sits like an angry upset five year old with her fingers in her mouth.
16) 79) text: Sixo, ya know he creeps out at night..he says the way they took my ma'am..he says freedom is that way. He and Paul A. got a plan.  They heard of this man, what they call an underground agent...if we do what he says, don't need no buy out.
16) 91) text: Mmmm. Thank you Sethe. Now tell me, I know Halle's no trouble but the others, the Pauls and Sixo - how's my brother-in- law handling them? All right?
16) 113) dialog: Ain't just a job reason to sing. Other things a man's got to look forward to that a job just a way to spend your day til the good times arrive.
16) 116) dialog: More than that. When a man can make plans then a man can make good times happen.
16) 118) dialog: Better then gold, my friend. Me and my woman's planning on starting a family. Stamp Paid's face registers sudden concern.
16) 119) dialog: New life. Born free, hear! Now if that don't define a good tine, I don't know what does.
16) 121) dialog: What you talkin? Nobody owns us no more. Nobody gonna own my children neither.
16) 124) dialog: Free country. No matter what anybody says.
16) 126) dialog: You knew Baby Suggs?
16) 128) dialog: Yes sir...Me and my brothers and her son.
16) 130) dialog: Sethe told me she died soft as cream.
16) 132) dialog: Why is that? Stamp Paid looks at him with sympathetic, sudden understanding.
16) 134) dialog: Know what? Stamp Paid pulls out AN OLD NEWSPAPER CLIPPING from a bag carries with him all the time. He hands it to Paul who lo to see: A DRAWING OF A YOUNG BLACK WOMAN beneath a HEADLINE; MURD RUNAWAY SLAVE KILLS CHILD....
16) 135) dialog: Who is it?
16) 137) dialog: Sethe? (studies it)
16) 140) text: You want me to read to you? Paul senses something terribly wrong...and doesn't know whether to say yes or no. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - EARLY EVENING. Sethe is sweeping the porch. Paul appears on the road. When he sees Sethe on the porch the distance, he stops. Sethe sees him and smiles - but something about his slow approach to the house sends off an alarm within her. Paul makes his way to the porch. He stops before her.
16) 142) text: Want something? Paul doesn't answer. Instead, he steps up to her as he removes the clipping from his pocket and hands it to her. Sethe's heart stops beating for a moment - not having see this image for many years. But she's survived worse than telling so she faces him.
23) 0) text: Paul D. sits at the kitchen table. The story told. Sethe looks out the window...and waits..
23) 1) dialog: Your love is too thick, Sethe.
23) 3) dialog: Didn't work though, did it?
23) 5) dialog: How? Your boys gone, you don't know where. One girl dead, the other can't go farther than the yard. How did it work?
23) 7) dialog: Maybe there's worse.
23) 9) dialog: What you did was wrong, Sethe.
23) 11) dialog: There could have been a way. Some other way.
23) 13) dialog: You got two feet, Sethe. Not four! That jumped out before he had a chance to choose saying i Sethe has no response...The distance between these two pe in this small room is suddenly vast. Paul rises, playing with his hat...not knowing how to lea But desperately needing to. He moves to the exit and stop
23) 14) dialog: You can set aside supper for me... Might be late getting back... Unable to look at her, he turns to exit. When Sethe speak a soft, forgiving tone, he stops to listen;
29) 0) text: A cold day. Paul D. sits against the church drinking from bottle when a voice causes him to look up;
29) 2) dialog: You got any more newspaper in that pocket for me, just a waste of time. Ain't interested. Stamp sits beside him.
29) 4) dialog: (laughs)
29) 7) dialog: For what?
29) 9) dialog: Well I...I did get offered one place but I just wanted to be off by myself a spell.
29) 11) dialog: Just me.
29) 13) dialog: Oh yeah. I got big plans. He drinks from the bottle like an angry, broken man. It s at Stamp's heart to see him like this. A WHITE MAN in a horse and wagon drives up the path leadi to the church. He leans stops before them and leans forwa
29) 23) dialog: You remember your price, Stamp?
29) 25) dialog: I did. Down to the cent.$900. Always wondered though what Mrs. Garner got for my brother Paul F. Must of been more than nine hundred dollars cause she use that money for Sweet Home for almost two years. But then they hung my other brother Paul A. up on a tree so I guess he wasn't worth the same..I wonder what was Baby Suggs worth? And Halle? I wasn't surprised when I found out they tracked down Sethe all the way to Cincinatti. Her price must have been higher than all of us - her being property that reproduced itself without cost. A breeder.
29) 27) dialog: Oh but we got to. How we gonna know our price in the future? How are children's children's children gonna know what they cost? Who's gonna tell them? What are they gonna pay for us, if we free?
29) 29) dialog: They'll know. They'll know as soon as they born. Cause it's inside us,Stamp. It'll be inside them. We'll pass it down. Schoolteacher didn't just change the outside, he changed the mind..and the blood..and what it carries...and what it's worth..
29) 31) dialog: There was a rooster named Mister down at Sweet Home. Last time I saw Halle, with that butter all over his face and me with an iron bit in my mouth, I saw Mister - sitting on a tub. He loved that tub. Like king on a throne. He was a hateful thing. Bloody and evil..But he was better than me.  Mister was allowed to be and stay what he was. Even if you cooked him you'd be cooking a rooster named Mister. But wasn't no way I'd ever be Paul D. again..Schoolteacher changed me. Was never no beating under Mr. Garner. Schoolteacher changed that. Why wouldn't a man run from that? Why wouldn't a man not work, kill, starve, pull out his own heart to stop feeling 'stead of feeling that? And it strikes me, it's got to be cause we were something else. And that something was less than a chicken sitting in the sun on a tub. He drinks.
29) 33) dialog: I don't want to know.
29) 35) dialog: What yard? When who- And then Paul realizes he's talking of Sethe.
29) 36) dialog: Jesus.
29) 38) dialog: You don't know what I think.
29) 40) dialog: Leave off..
29) 42) dialog: Stamp, leave off I said! I knew her when she was a girl. She scares me and I knew her when she was a girl...
29) 44) dialog: She scares me. I scare me. And that girl in her house scares me.
29) 46) dialog: Don't know. Just shot up one day from a stump.
29) 48) dialog: Tell me something, Stamp. Tell me this one thing. How much is a nigger supposed to take?
29) 50) dialog: Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?
35) 0) text: Paul D. is on his way to work when he sees; A poised, confident Denver walking in the opposite direct She spots him and smiles;
35) 2) dialog: Well, is it now? How you getting along?
35) 4) dialog: You on your way home?
35) 6) dialog: They treating you right over at the Bodwins?
35) 8) dialog: Your mother all right?
35) 10) dialog: You think I should stop by? Think she'd welcome it?
35) 12) dialog: That girl...You know, Beloved...
35) 14) dialog: She gone like they say?
35) 16) dialog: You think she sure 'nough your sister?
35) 18) dialog: Well, if you want my opinion...
35) 20) dialog: You grown.
35) 22) dialog: Well, good luck with the job.
35) 25) dialog: I will. Paul watches her walk away. He watches as a YOUNG BLACK M runs towards her shouting;
35) 27) dialog: Sethe?
35) 29) text: Paul D. She looks like she's dying.
35) 30) dialog: Aw, Sethe. He approaches her.
35) 32) dialog: Yeah. Look bad?
35) 34) dialog: Devil's confusion. What's this I hear about you not getting out of bed? (no response)
35) 37) dialog: (nervous)
35) 40) dialog: (getting upset, shouts)
35) 43) dialog: Look - Denver be here in the day. I be here in the night. I'm a take care of you, you hear? Starting now. Sethe looks at him - a long look - and sees in him that thing, that blessedness, "that makes him the kind of man can walk into a house and make women cry, make women tell things they could only tell each other".
35) 44) dialog: What, baby?
35) 47) dialog: Aw, girl. Don't cry...Me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody. We need some kind of tomorrow...
35) 49) dialog: You your best thing, Sethe. You are. Sethe smiles, with tears in her eyes, looking almost surprised;