3) 0) text: - Sethe being raped, beaten, held down by SCHOOLTEACHER'S BOYS in a barn with a loft...
8) 42) text: The one over your head... The one in the barn. Sethe stops dead cold. It's no use... The MEMORY TAKES OVER: INT. BARN - THE PAST. Violent, rapid images of Sethe being raped and beaten hel down by SCHOOLTEACHER'S BOYS. Sethe, pinned down, stares at the loft...Camera rises up... There, in the loft, hides HALLE...The expression on his f is that of a man broken in two... END of MEMORY. INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. Sethe wraps her arms tightly around herself and asks;
10) 0) text: SETHE IS IN THE SAME BENT OVER POSITION only here, her ba is exposed and she is being beaten by the Schoolteacher's boys. The BOY BEATING SETHE never stops with the whip for second as he rants;
16) 82) dialog: 
16) 85) dialog: No, no. That's not the way. I told you to put her human characteristics on the left; her animal ones on the right. And don't forget to line them up. Although Sethe doesn't entirely understand, something abo the words disturb her. She looks to her children. INT. MRS. GARNER'S BEDROOM - A DAY REMEMBERED. Mrs. Garner is sick in bed with a goiter. Sethe enters wi some soup.
20) 0) text: The Four Horsemen - Schoolteacher, his Nephew, a Slave Catcher and a Sheriff - arrive at the house and dismount, tying their horses to the front gate (which is no longer there). The Nephew scampers to the front of the house and peers i the window - he listens. Hearing nothing he motions for t to go round the side of the house. Camera follows them as it reveals Baby Suggs and Stamp Pa standing exactly where we left them...Except; They are both staring at the shed - out of which strange noises, thuds and the FRIGHTENED CRIES OF CHILDREN are he Two Black Boys and several Woman are coming up the road. Slave Catcher motions with his rifle for them to stop - a they do. The men move towards the shed, meeting up with the Nephew he runs past Baby Suggs and Stamp Paid... POV; Camera moves closer towards the shed, the sounds coning f within more audible now...
21) 0) text: The Nephew opens the door. The Four Men enter.... Howard and Bulgar are bleeding in the sawdust, unconsciou a bloody shovel lays near them. Sethe is holding a blood-soaked Little Girl (Beloved) to chest with one hand...and Denver by the heels of the othe She is swinging Denver toward the wall planks, misses the tries again... When out of nowhere, Stamp Paid rushes by the horrified w men and GRABS DENVER OUT OF SETHE'S HAND before she can s her a second time... Stillness. Schoolteacher looks at the carnage...a bloody saw lies at Sethe's feet, the weapon she used on her own child's thro The Nephew is paralyzed...horrified.
21) 3) text: Nothing here to claim, I guess. Look like your business is over. Mine's started. Schoolteacher beats his hat against his thigh and spits i the shed before exiting, followed by the catcher and the nephew. The Sheriff speaks to Sethe.