1) 16) dialog: No. Sorry.
1) 18) dialog: Oh wait... Suggs looks up to see Sethe sticking her pink tongue out her. Suggs smiles.
1) 21) dialog: I don't know. Maybe we should have moved.
1) 24) dialog: (returning to her work)
1) 27) dialog: The boys wouldn't have left if Halle were here.
1) 29) dialog: Just got a few more things to do, then I'll start supper. Sethe exits. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - LATE DAY. Denver is playing in the front yard by herself. Sethe is pumping water into a bucket for clothes washing. gentle breeze carries a LEAF into the bucket. Sethe sees floating atop the water for a moment, then picks it up. C.U. of SETHE as the image triggers a feeling - and the feeling a memory - from long ago. Sethe looks around her and finds she is no longer standin the barren field of 124...but rather- MEMORY; EXT. SWEET HOME - LATE DAY. A stunning vista of the plantation SWEET HOME - sun beati down on groves and rows of gorgeous sycamores for as far the eye can see. Sethe's figure dwarfed by the majestic landscape. Sethe looks frightened. Her breathing grows shallow. She hears something; THE SOUND OF A WAGON'S WHEELS - rolling over a road, grow louder, coming towards her
1) 35) dialog: What is it baby?
1) 37) dialog: I don't know.
1) 39) dialog: She's mad like a baby gets mad. You forgetting how little it is. She wasn't even two years old when she died. Too little to understand.
1) 41) dialog: No more powerful than the way I loved her. Hearing her mother say this, moves Denver.
1) 43) dialog: Oh, I don't really pray anymore. I just talk.
1) 45) dialog: Oh, about time. How some things go. Pass on. Some things just stay.
1) 47) dialog: Like, the place I was at before here - Sweet Home. Even if that whole farm and every tree and blade of grass on it died - it'll still be there. Waiting. And if you go and stand in the place where it was, what happened there once, will happen again.
1) 49) dialog: Nothing ever does. That's why I had to get my children out. No matter what. That's why you can never go there.
1) 51) dialog: You don't need to know nothing else.
1) 54) dialog: White? Maybe it was my bedding dress. Describe it to me.
1) 56) dialog: Buttons. Well, that's not my bedding dress. I never had a button on nothing. What else?
1) 58) dialog: A bustle?
1) 60) dialog: You say it was holding on to me. How?
1) 62) dialog: Well, I'll be.
1) 64) dialog: What plans?
1) 66) dialog: Maybe. Maybe it does. Sethe smiles sympathetically for her lonely child. They h a sound in the house - floor boards creaking.
2) 2) dialog: Paul? Paul D.? Is that you?
2) 5) text: How you been girl, besides barefoot? Sethe jams her balled up stockings into her pocket. She smiles like a little girl, not able to believe her eyes.
2) 6) dialog: You looking good.
2) 8) dialog: How long has it been?
2) 10) dialog: Eighteen years.
2) 12) dialog: You want to soak them? Let me get you some water.
2) 14) dialog: You're not leaving right away, are you? You stay awhile.
2) 16) dialog: Dead.
2) 18) dialog: Eight years now. Almost nine.
2) 20) dialog: Soft as cream. Being alive was the hard part. Sorry you missed her though. Is that what you came by for?
2) 23) dialog: Come on inside.
2) 26) dialog: It finds everyone.
2) 28) dialog: I suppose. Awkward pause. Sethe tries to find the words to a difficu question - but one that is foremost in her mind;
2) 29) dialog: I wouldn't have to ask about him, would I?...You'd tell me if there was anything to tell, wouldn't you? Paul knows instantly she is asking about Halle.
2) 32) dialog: No. I think he's dead. It's just not being sure that keeps him alive.
2) 34) dialog: Same. Ha, listen to her, all her children dead and she felt each one go the very day and hour it happened.
2) 36) dialog: 1855. Same day my baby was born.
2) 38) dialog: Had to. Couldn't be no waiting.
2) 40) dialog: Almost. A white girl helped me.
2) 42) dialog: We got spare rooms. You could stay the night, if you had a mind to.
2) 44) dialog: Oh it's..it's truly meant. I just hope you'll pardon my house. Paul smiles a warm, touched smile that after all that the survived, Sethe is worried about what he'll think of her home.
2) 47) dialog: On and off. The light undulates faster and faster, extending all the to the kitchen at the end of the hall. Frightened, Paul s back out the door.
2) 49) dialog: It's not evil..It's just..just sad. Come on. Just step through. Sethe reaches out her hand. Paul tentatively takes it and lead through the red light of the hallway, through to the kitchen where it ends. As he walks through, we can see Paul affected by the ligh It is sad. A sadness that touches him, welling up inside until tears are brimming in his eyes. He reaches the norm light of the kitchen and steps out of it. INT. KITCHEN - DAY. Paul turns back to find the red light in the hall is gone
2) 51) dialog: (busying herself in kitchen)
2) 54) dialog: No.
2) 56) dialog: No, they alive - they run off before Baby Suggs died. The one I was carrying when I left Sweet Home is all I got left. Still affected by the light, Paul eases himself down at t table, finding something to say.
2) 59) dialog: Me and Denver... my daughter.
2) 62) dialog: It's all right by me...I cook at a restaurant in town. Sew a little on the sly.... She places a bottle and a glass on the table before him. light jarred him. He snatches the bottle to drink and cal himself down. She jokes.
2) 63) dialog: You look more done in by a walk through my front hall than all those eighteen years of walking put together.
2) 66) dialog: Won't you stay a little while? Can't nobody catch up on eighteen years in a day. Denver appears expectantly, down the white staircase that leads from the second floor. She looks at Paul wide eyed. They turn to her with gentle smiles;
2) 67) dialog: Baby, this here's Paul D. Garner...Paul, this is my Denver...Paul's the last of the Sweet Home men. Denver's heart sinks.
2) 75) dialog: Of course he did. I told you, he's from Sweet Home. Paul may stay with us a while. Won't that be nice, having an old friend stay a spell? But Denver reacts with surprise and dismay. Paul is not h friend. Paul, right now, is more of an intruder.
2) 82) dialog: I don't see how it could be lonely spending every minute with us like it does.
2) 87) dialog: Girl, mind yourself!
2) 89) dialog: But it's where we were. All together. It's where I met your father. And it comes back on us whether we want it to or not....
2) 91) dialog: Denver, start up the stove. Paul must be hungry.
2) 93) dialog: Bread's no trouble. The rest I brought back from where I work. Least I can do, cooking dawn to noon, is bring dinner home. You got any objections to pike?
2) 96) dialog: We'll figure it out.
2) 98) dialog: (explodes)
2) 101) dialog: That's just it. She got no cause to act up with a stranger. Denver collapses where she stands, sobbing out loud. Seth moves to her.
2) 102) dialog: Baby, what is it? Did something happen? Denver moves away. Sethe registers this rejection.
2) 104) dialog: Can't what? What can't you?
2) 107) dialog: It's the house. People don't...
2) 109) dialog: Denver!
2) 111) dialog: (growing irritated)
2) 114) dialog: No!
2) 116) dialog: No. No moving. No leaving. It's all right the way it is.
2) 118) dialog: (holding Denver in her arms)
2) 119) text: I got a tree on my back and a haunt in my house and nothing in between but the daughter I'm holding in my arms. No more running - from nothing! I will never run from another thing on this earth, you hear! I took one journey and I paid the ticket but let me tell you something, Paul D. Garner; it cost too much! Do you hear me?! It cost too much! Now sit down and eat with us or leave us be! Sethe's sudden outburst startles Paul. He watches as Seth ushers Denver out to the keeping room off the kitchen to quiet her down. Alone, Paul is disturbed by Sethe's words. He fishes out pouch of tobacco and concentrates on it, searching for smoking papers he knows he doesn't have...waiting for Set to return. When she does, she heads straight for the stove. She spit her finger and touches it to check it's heat. She then be to make bread from flour, soda and salt - keeping her bac Paul throughout - as the scene continues;
2) 121) dialog: Huh?
2) 123) dialog: It's there all the same.
2) 125) dialog: White girl. That's what she called it. I never seen it and never will. But she said that's what it looked like. A chokecherry tree. Leaves, branches. That was 18 years ago. Could have cherries by now for all I know...
2) 127) dialog: I had milk, see. I was pregnant with Denver but I had milk for my baby girl that I sent ahead with the boys. I hadn't stopped nursing her when I sent her and the boys ahead of me. Anybody could smell me long before they saw me. Nothing I could do about it. All I knew is I had to get my milk to my little girl. Nobody was going to nurse her like me. Nobody was going to get it to her fast enough or take it away when she had enough..nobody knew she couldn't pass her air if you held her up on your shoulder, only if she was lying on your knee..Nobody knew that but me... Paul listens, half dreading where he thinks this story's
2) 129) dialog: Schoolteacher's boys drag me into the barn and took my milk... ....yet, the images come anyway. INTERCUT: FLASHES OF MEMORY attack as SETHE TELLS HER STORY...
3) 0) text: - Sethe being raped, beaten, held down by SCHOOLTEACHER'S BOYS in a barn with a loft...
3) 1) dialog: ..Held me down in that barn and took it.
3) 3) dialog: They were like boulders on me. Their hands over my mouth and on my shoulders and my legs.
3) 5) dialog: I couldn't move. Alls I could see was the loft above their heads.
3) 8) dialog: I told Mrs. Garner on them. She had that lump on her neck and couldn't speak but her eyes rolled out tears, I remember. Them boys found out I told on 'em and Schoolteacher made one open up my back, and when it closed it made a tree.
3) 10) dialog: And they took my milk.
3) 12) dialog: And they took my milk! Sethe has separated the dough into biscuits which she sli into the stove. As she rises, Paul steps gently behind he He slowly caresses her breasts from behind, pressing his cheek against her back.. He rubs his cheek against it, feeling the scars beneath the dress. Raising his fingers the hooks, as Sethe cries silently, he undoes her dress w slips down to her hips, exposing the sculpture her back h become.
4) 0) text: Denver walks through the broken furniture and dishes. At stove, she ashes over the fire and pulls the pan of biscu from the oven, EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - CONTINUOUS. A shirtless Paul D. is by the water pump washing himself. INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS. Denver lifts the fallen jelly cupboard, it's contents lay in a heap in the corner of the bottom shelf. She takes ou jar. She looks for a plate and finds half of one by the broken table. She picks it up as she hears Paul enter thr the front door. INT. BABY SUGGS BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS. Sethe prepares a bed for Paul. Baby Suggs quilt is on the bed. She hesitates whether or not to leave it there. Paul stands by the door with his shoes in his bands, his shirt hanging open down the front. Sethe is surprised to see him there - she feels awkward.
4) 1) dialog: Why don't you...take a rest..I'll call you when we're ready.
4) 3) dialog: No..you'd just get in my way. Denver and me'll do it. They stand in silence, looking at each other for a moment The awkwardness they both feel strike them suddenly as fu Paul starts smiling. Sethe covers her mouth to conceal it And then, just as quickly, the urge to laugh subsides - a the fear they feel takes it's place. Paul slowly closes the door and places his shoes on the floor. Sethe watches him. Paul crosses to her. He moves i kiss her. They approach each other's lips like two burn victims, trying desperately not to hurt the other with th touch. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - CONTINUOUS. Denver sits on the porch steps, alone once again. Miserab eating the biscuit and jelly off of a half broken plate. INT. BABY SUGGS BEDROOM - MINUTES LATER. Sethe and Paul lay in bed, after lovemaking. They are sti fully clothed. The lovemaking was fast and finished quick Now, there is an awkwardness that is without humor or excitement - but sits like a chasm between them. As Sethe lays there, SHE REMEMBERS:
5) 0) text: A brilliant bright yellow and green corn stalks in a tiny corn field. Sethe and a slightly older HALLE - handsome, strong - run through the field until Halle stops them at an isolated s
5) 2) dialog: Here?! out in the open?!
5) 6) dialog: Don't talk stupid.
5) 8) text: I ain't never loved nothing like you before, Sethe. (Sethe is moved)
5) 10) text: we're gonna have us a liiife.. He sings the word "life", so that Sethe laughs. Then, Hal lowers himself slowly to her and they begin to make love. camera pans up to a HILL above the field, we hear Sethe a
5) 11) dialog: You sure nobody can see? We hear Halle grunt "uh-huh" as we arrive on the hill whe GREAT TREE sits. EXT. GREAT TREE ON THE HILL - DAY. Beneath the tree, PAUL D, SIXO and Paul's brothers Paul A and Paul P. are pouring water over heads and watching; POV; Unbeknownst to Halle and Sethe, their lovemaking is clear view to anyone on the hill...
5) 26) dialog: I'll call you when there's something to eat. She exits, leaving Paul alone on the bed. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - THE FOLLOWING DAY. We see the house now. No creaking or sounds of breaking furniture. Just the sound of Paul D. singing. INT. KITCHEN - DAY. Paul is singing as he fixes the table he broke while driv the baby ghost away. Denver is sweeping the floor - irritated by Paul's presen and voice. They both hear the front door open as Sethe arrives home work. They look to each other to see which one will make a move Sethe first. Paul knows enough to bide his time with Denv He watches as she places the broom down and exits the kitchen. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - NIGHT. Paul and Sethe sit on the porch together. Sethe is sewing Paul nervously gets up his nerve to ask:
5) 29) dialog: Ain't much. River mostly. And hogs.
5) 32) dialog: All right. It's...it's fine with me.
5) 34) dialog: Don't worry about her. She's a charmed child. Nothing ever touch her too bad. From the beginning. Everybody I knew dead or gone, but not her. (pause)
5) 37) dialog: Don't be asking me to choose, Paul D. There ain't no choice here.
5) 39) dialog: Maybe we should leave things the way they are. Sethe rises to enter the house when Paul's words stop her
5) 41) dialog: We get along.
5) 43) dialog: I don't go inside.
5) 45) dialog: (scared)
5) 48) dialog: All right. We'll see how it goes.
5) 50) dialog: Well..some of it.
5) 52) text: Some?...Well okay...some. Sethe manages a smile. INT. DENVER'S BEDROOM - NIGHT. Denver lies curled up in her bed. Alone. Sethe enters and crawls in unexpectedly. Denver looks up, surprised to see her.
5) 54) dialog: Nothing. Nothing's wrong. Lay back down. Denver obeys, unsure.
5) 56) dialog: Don't know.
5) 61) dialog: No, he hasn't. He won't. (hesitates)
5) 64) dialog: Dress up a little bit. Wear our hats. What do you think?
5) 67) dialog: Maybe...All right...all right. (difficult for her to say)
5) 68) text: Can I ask you something? (Denver nods, her back to Sethe)
5) 71) dialog: Something. EXT. CARNIVAL - DAY. Paul and Sethe and Denver walk among the hundreds of blac townspeople gathered for the carnival. A sign reads COLORED THURSDAY...TWO PENNIES ENTRANCE FEE. Paul is in high spirits. Saying hello to anyone whose eye catches. Willing, eager to get anything for Denver she wa Feeling a little more like a normal van in a normal life. Denver is excited but worried. She doesn't want to like P but can't help the thrill she's feeling. And when one or passersby shout out;
5) 85) dialog: You from around here? The Young Woman shakes her head NO. She reaches down and takes off her shoes, which Sethe notices as new. Sethe be down to pick them up. The Young Woman never lets her eyes leave Sethe.
5) 87) dialog: What might your name be? The Young Woman speaks in a low, rough voice;
5) 92) dialog: That's a pretty name Beloved. Take off your hat and I'll make us something. We just got back from the carnival over near Cincinnati- But Beloved has fallen asleep upright in the chair.
5) 95) dialog: Course. Denver eases Beloved onto her feet, which Sethe and Paul notice do not have a line or sore on them.
5) 99) dialog: Is she feverish, Denver?
5) 101) dialog: Then she is. Fever goes from hot to cold.
5) 104) text: She's not sick! Denver helps her up the stairs. Sethe and Paul register Denver's defensive reaction. INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - SAME TIME. Denver eases Beloved into the bed. Beloved falls asleep t second she hits the pillow. Denver gently - cautiously - strokes Beloved's forehead and cheek. INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - NIGHT. Denver stands vigil beside Beloved, wrapped beneath a qui INT. BABY SUGG'S ROOM - THE FOLLOWING DAY. Denver watches her sleep, wiping her hot forehead with co cloths... INT. BABY'S SUGG'S ROOM - NIGHT. Denver washes out Beloved's underwear and stockings...She hears Beloved murmuring. She moves quickly to her side.
5) 120) dialog: Denver likes her. She's no real trouble.
5) 122) dialog: Didn't mention one. I thought we'd wait until her breathing got better. She still sounds a little lumbar.
5) 124) dialog: Sometimes the body needs that sugar for strength when it's trying to recover after an illness.
5) 126) dialog: Funny? How?
5) 128) dialog: She can hardly walk without holding onto something.
5) 130) dialog: You didn't?
5) 132) dialog: Denver. Come in here a minute. Denver enters the keeping room.
5) 133) dialog: Paul says you saw Beloved pick up the rocking chair in Baby Suggs room with one hand. That so? Denver looks at Paul with a hard gaze;
5) 136) dialog: Who?
6) 0) text: Sethe talks to the HEADSTONE ENGRAVER as he works in the sun. His YOUNG SON helps him.
6) 1) dialog: She need a marker. Somethin' to tell me where she is. But I ain't got no money. The Engraver eyes her body.
6) 4) dialog: I was thinking what the preacher say at the funeral. Dearly Beloved.
6) 6) text: For ten minutes I give you one word for free. His hand glides down to her buttocks. Sethe can't help bu see the Young Boy watching the scene. END of MEMORY. INT. SETHE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT. As the memory starts to fade form her mind, Sethe suddenl feels someone else's presence. She looks up to find: Beloved standing by the door - watching her.
6) 7) dialog: Oh!...I didn't know you were there.
6) 9) dialog: Help what, honey? Beloved kneels before her on the floor and finishes butto up Sethe's night dress.
6) 11) dialog: Work. I work in a restaurant.
6) 13) dialog: Little after the sun come up. I like to make a loaf of bread before I go. How you feelin'? Beloved nods, absorbing the information.
6) 14) dialog: You remember your mother at all?
6) 16) text: I remember a woman who was mine and I remember bein snatched away from her. Sethe, nods, understanding such things. She cautiously reaches out to stroke Beloved's face. Beloved responds li puppy, pressing her cheek against Sethe's hand. Sethe is moved. INT. KITCHEN - PRE DAWN. Sethe enters the kitchen to make bread before she leaves work. She finds Beloved waiting for her, placing out her cooking things on the table. Beloved looks up and smiles.
6) 19) dialog: Diamonds? What would I be doing with diamonds?
6) 21) dialog: Wish I did. (beat)
6) 24) dialog: Gone. Long gone.
6) 29) text: Tell me...Tell me about your diamonds. Denver awaits her mother's reaction with great interest. Sethe looks at Beloved sweet, innocent expression and something in her resistance, eases:
6) 30) dialog: Well..this lady I worked for in Kentucky gave them to me when I got married.. Denver is both interested and slightly hurt at her mother willingness to tell Beloved what she'd never tell her:
6) 31) dialog: ..What they called married back then. I remember going up to her in the kitchen to tell her. I'd help her make ink for Mr. Garner in the kitchen. I was fool enough to think I was going have some kind of ceremony...maybe even a new dress.. (CONTINUES AS WE CUT TO;)
6) 32) text: Sethe's continues telling Beloved, an attentive audience. Denver, more attuned to Beloved's interest than the story disturbed at her mother's telling of it. INT. KITCHEN - ANOTHER EVENING. Camera moves up from the mended legs of the table Paul br to; A suspicious Paul glares at Beloved as they eat dinner. Beloved is ever ready to pass Sethe a bowl or napkin or whatever she needs. She is "shining" - for Sethe, and for Sethe alone. Denver notices it as well. It is raining outside. Both Denver and Beloved are wet fr the rain. Denver's hair is all tangled.
6) 33) dialog: Best unbraid that hair.
6) 35) dialog: Today's always here. Tomorrow never.
6) 37) dialog: Comb it everyday, it won't..
6) 40) dialog: My woman?..You mean my mother? Beloved nods. Paul and Denver exchange a curious look.
6) 41) dialog: If she did I don't remember. I don't think I saw her but a few times.
6) 43) dialog: ..I remember once, she picked me up and carried me behind the smokehouse... The only thing I do remember in fact... Paul is disturbed by Sethe's carefree storytelling - how contradicts her words to him that first day and worried i will lead to no good... Once again, Denver is surprised to hear what she's never heard before. She looks to Paul and knows what he is thinking. Paul looks back and knows Denver realizes it. B Denver returns his glance with a defensive dismissal of t eyes.
6) 44) dialog: ...She opened up her dress and right on her rib, right here, was a circle and a cross burnt right into the skin....
6) 46) text: Sethe.
6) 47) dialog: What? Paul doesn't want her to continue but doesn't want to say
6) 49) dialog: ...anyway, she points to this mark and says to me "This is your ma'am. I am the only one whose got this mark now. The rest all dead. If something happens to me and you can't tell me by my face, you can know me by this mark"..Scared me so... I couldn't think of anything to say so I said "Yes Ma'am..but how will you know us? Mark me too. Mark the mark on me too."
6) 51) dialog: No. She slapped my face. I didn't understand it then. Not until I had a mark of my own... Paul is disturbed. He can see Sethe getting upset. He is at Beloved for her damn questions..
6) 53) dialog: Don't know. Everybody done? Sethe collects a few dishes and crosses to the sink as Pa
6) 55) text: Why don't you tell us a little bit about yourself? Camera follows Sethe as she arrives at the sink, placing dish inside. We hear the others O.S.:
7) 0) text: A CROWD of people surround a tree. SEVERAL WHITE MEN are preparing to hang a group of black men and women standing line, awaiting their turn. Among the crowd is A CHILD (SETHE) holding the hand of an OLDER BLACK SLAVE WOMAN (NAN). Nan is pointing to a WOMAN (SETHE'S MOTHER), who is one of the people waiting in lin be hanged. Nan whispers to Sethe:
8) 0) text: Sethe, the memory passing, hears the voices in her kitche
8) 5) dialog: Paul, Stop it. Denver bring those dishes.
8) 10) dialog: Must be somebody from the old days.
8) 14) dialog: Paul D. stop picking on her.
8) 17) dialog: You all right?
8) 21) dialog: What's the matter with you?
8) 23) dialog: What you care who's holding on to who? Feeding her is no trouble. And she's nice company for Denver.
8) 25) dialog: Is that what's got your teeth on edge?
8) 27) dialog: You wanna feel somethin!? ... Feel how it is to have a bed to sleep in and somebody there not worrying you to death about what you got to do each day to deserve it. And if that don't get it, feel how it feels to be a colored woman roaming the roads with anything God made liable to jump on you. Feel that!
8) 29) dialog: Well, that makes one of you in this world.
8) 32) dialog: No. Not two!
8) 34) dialog: Ha, what'd he leave then if not me, huh?
8) 36) dialog: Then he did worse - he left his children.
8) 38) dialog: HE WASN'T THERE! He wasn't where he said he would be! I had to pack my babies off ahead of me, on their own, so I could stay behind to look for him...Underground agent said by Sunday we had to leave.. Sunday came and he wasn't there.
8) 40) dialog: Loft? What loft?
8) 42) text: The one over your head... The one in the barn. Sethe stops dead cold. It's no use... The MEMORY TAKES OVER: INT. BARN - THE PAST. Violent, rapid images of Sethe being raped and beaten hel down by SCHOOLTEACHER'S BOYS. Sethe, pinned down, stares at the loft...Camera rises up... There, in the loft, hides HALLE...The expression on his f is that of a man broken in two... END of MEMORY. INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. Sethe wraps her arms tightly around herself and asks;
8) 43) dialog: He saw? He told you he saw?
8) 45) dialog: He saw them boys do that to me and let them keep on breathing?
8) 47) dialog: What did he say?
8) 49) dialog: What did you say? Didn't you say anything to him?
8) 51) dialog: Couldn't?! Why the hell not?! C.U. on PAUL who doesn't want to explain - or even rememb as we cut to:
9) 4) text: You go tell these niggers where to go there Mister! Crow'em right outta here! Mister crows and the white men laugh. Tears of rage and humiliation stream down Paul's face. He struggles to keep a view of Halle, until he is out of sig END OF MEMORY. EXT. PORCH. - EARLY EVENING. Paul approaches Sethe, touching her gently.
9) 6) dialog: I didn't plan on hearing it.
9) 9) dialog: (more to herself)
9) 12) dialog: What a relief to just stop it all right there, huh?!! Close it shut! Squeeze that butter...But I had three children on their way to Ohio and nothing would have changed that! And you tell me he didn't leave me!! Sethe exits O.S. Paul is left alone on the porch until Beloved runs out of the house giggling with Denver in pursuit. As Denver passes, Paul sarcastically remarks;
9) 45) dialog: Lay'em down...sword and shield. Sethe weeps...She slides to the ground and holds her head weep. She covers her head from God and cries AS SHE LETS MEMORIES COME..memories she can no longer fight from comi
10) 0) text: SETHE IS IN THE SAME BENT OVER POSITION only here, her ba is exposed and she is being beaten by the Schoolteacher's boys. The BOY BEATING SETHE never stops with the whip for second as he rants;
11) 0) text: Sethe falls to the ground unable to move - her contractio have started and the pain is unbearable. Her breasts are leaking on her sweat stained body. Her le are scratched and bleeding from moving through broken twi and rock. On her back, the tree is starting to form. She lays there waiting for death. Until a VOICE ASKS:
11) 5) dialog: Running. Amy looks at Sethe's swollen, bloody flesh at the end of legs.
11) 7) dialog: (semi-delerious)
11) 10) dialog: (murmurs to herself)
11) 13) dialog: No, ma'am.
11) 15) dialog: I expect this baby ma'am is gonna die in these wild onions. Amy doesn't know what to do with that information. So..
11) 17) dialog: Where you on your way to, miss?
11) 20) dialog: Boston - is that far?
11) 22) dialog: Must be velvet closer by.
11) 24) dialog: If I did, I didn't know it. What's it like? Sethe desperately wants her to stay - to not be alone. Am kneels back down to her, curious now;
11) 26) dialog: (lies)
11) 29) dialog: I can't get up.
11) 31) dialog: I can't get up. Amy wipes her nose and looks up beyond Sethe.
11) 33) dialog: How far?
11) 35) dialog: Well, he may come but I can't stand up, let alone walk...and God help me, I can't crawl.
11) 43) text: That you ain't dead yet Lu's a miracle. Make you a bet..You make it through the night, you make it all the way... INT. LEAN-TO - NIGHT. To Sethe's amazement, Amy begins to massage her feet and the pain of which causes Sethe to cry.
11) 53) dialog: I'll do what I can, miss. Amy continues singing..... EXT. PATH LEADING TO RIVER - DAY. Sethe is trying to walk, holding on to Amy at first, then tree.
11) 55) dialog: Yeah, you good...
11) 57) dialog: Milk..Got to get my milk to my baby girl.
11) 59) dialog: (stops and touches belly)
11) 62) dialog: I ain't nothing but in a hurry, miss. Got to meet someone...help bring me and my milk to my baby girl...
11) 64) dialog: Say what?
12) 0) text: Sethe and Amy walk towards the river when then see: A SMALL, ABANDONED ROWBOAT with oars.
12) 5) dialog: (gasping)
12) 8) dialog: That's pretty. Denver. Real pretty. EXT. BANKS OF THE OHIO RIVER - DAY. Sethe awakens, mud-caked, on the banks of the river. Her girl crying beside her. Amy is gone. She rises, painfully picks up her child and continues on her way.
13) 0) text: A thunderstorm cracks across the sky and floods the river Sethe is sitting beneath the oak - the rain soaking her a she breast feeds her baby. She cries out loud - but her s and tears are lost in the rain and thunder. EXT. RIVERBANK - LATER THAT DAY. Sethe walks downriver with Denver tied to her chest. She stops when she sees: A FLATBED gliding down river. She can't make out if they' white people or not, so she hides behind a tree until it passes; Waiting behind the tree, we see that Sethe is sweating a fever. But Denver seems to be doing fine. She sees the flatbed pass her and continues on her way. S sees; THREE COLORED PEOPLE - AN OLDER MAN and two boys - fishin She approaches cautiously. One of the boys is the first to see her. Sethe's bloody a torn clothes and her feverish face make her quite a sight the young boy. He taps the Old Man on the shoulder and motions for him to turn around. The Old Man takes in Sethe and instantly knows where she' been and why she's there.
13) 2) dialog: Yes sir.
13) 4) dialog: Yes sir. My mother-in-law over in... Stamp Paid raises his hand to stop her. He looks around t see that no one else is in sight, then motions for her to on a rock. As she does, he gets a water jug and hands it her - she drinks like a madman in the desert. The Boys wa in fascination. Stamp Paid turns to one of them and says:
13) 12) dialog: Thank you. What's your name - so I can remember you right.
13) 17) dialog: What sign?
13) 20) dialog: My mother-in-law's. Name's Baby Suggs. She got my other three children I sent ahead.
13) 22) dialog: Yesterday. I hope she makes it.
13) 24) text: Let's try to get these on your feet. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE ROAD - NIGHT. Baby Suggs rises off the bench on the porch when she sees Sethe coming up the walk. She runs to her and embraces Se and the baby, tears in her eyes.
13) 27) dialog: He wasn't there. A flash of fear is quickly transformed into pragmatism.
13) 29) dialog: Where are the children?
13) 32) dialog: Feel what?
13) 37) dialog: Soon. Baby Suggs seems doubtful but appreciates the lie for the children.
13) 40) dialog: Oh wait..Look and see if there's something knotted up in the petticoat. Wedding present. From Mrs. Garner. Baby Suggs finds TWO CRYSTAL EARRINGS.
13) 42) dialog: I don't know. He wasn't where he said to meet him at. I had to get out. I had to. He'll make it. if I made it, Halle sure can.
13) 44) text: Well put these on - maybe they'll light his way. As Sethe takes the earrings, the Little Baby Girl reaches them. Through her eyes, we see them sparkle and shine - like diamonds. Baby Suggs hands gently massage Sethe's neck as she says;
14) 0) text: Sethe is remembering these last images, she eases her own hand up to her neck - rubbing herself the way Baby Suggs She realizes how much she misses her...and wonder who can touch her now and help her "lay it all down". And then, q suddenly; AN IMAGE FLASHES ACROSS HER MIND;
14) 7) text: Sethe rises from the ground, as if with a new realization She begins to walk out of the clearing and into the woods her pace increasing with each image.... EXT. WOODS - DAY. Sethe walks through the woods, passing Beloved unawares - has fallen asleep by a tree. Beloved is awakened as Sethe walks by, and gets to her feet to follow. Further on, Sethe passes a sleeping Denver, who also awak upon hearing the footsteps of her mother, followed by Beloved. Sethe walks on, unaware of them following her. EXT. FIELD OF 124 BLUESTONE - DAY. Wide angle of Sethe walking well ahead of Beloved and Den Sethe is walking with great purpose and energy. INT. 124 BLUESTONE ROAD - DAY. Sethe enters and runs through the house to the kitchen;
14) 8) dialog: Paul? Paul, you home?... Paul sits in a tub under the white staircase. He smiles. Sethe is relieved...grateful to find him there, for her.
14) 11) dialog: Paul D. What if the girls came in?
14) 13) dialog: I have to cook. Paul D. stands up in the tub and holds Sethe against his naked body.
14) 15) dialog: (loving his body and his  attention)
14) 18) dialog: Fry up a little corn?
14) 20) dialog: Oh Paul...
14) 22) dialog: Thank you Lord. Camera slowly moves out of the kitchen as Sethe and Paul begin to make love, revealing; Beloved watching from the doorway, unknown to Sethe or Pa She is disgusted, envious...and runs out.. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE ROAD - DAY. Beloved runs out of the house and heads back for the wood She passes Denver as if she weren't there. EXT. STREAM IN THE WOODS - DAY. Beloved reaches the stream and steps in. She begins to violently hit the water around her, then begins hitting h own face and head, clawing at it as if to escape from the boundaries of flesh. Suddenly she submerges herself underwater and holds herself there, as if to drown hersel She bursts out of the water, gasping for air...Slowly, he rage subsides, replaced with a calm, ruthless understandi EXT. THE FIELD OF 124 BLUESTONE RD.- DAY. Beloved is walking back toward the house. She stops. She looks back at the house to the kitchen window - knowi Paul and Sethe are in there. She approaches the kitchen window and looks in. POV - Sethe is drying off Paul's body and rebuttoning her dress. Camera moves slowly into a C.U. of Beloved, this time her focus is on Paul. INT. 124 BLUESTONE ROAD - EVENING. The inhabitants eat dinner in silence. Denver awaits a look from Beloved. As Beloved passes her bowl of peas with a smile, Denver is satisfied. Beloved then turns to Paul, offering him the bowl.
14) 34) dialog: Paul?..Paul?
14) 37) dialog: I called you two or three times but I gave up round midnight. I thought maybe you went out somewhere.
14) 39) dialog: I'll make some breakfast - you get yourself washed up. Sethe begins to make breakfast as Beloved enters the kitc and sees Paul has slept in the rocker. She looks at him w a smile, as if she knows more than she's letting on. Paul registers the look. INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. Paul is asleep in the rocker...He is restless...HE DREAMS EXT. A ROAD IN VIRGINIA - DAY. Paul is chained by the ankles to forty-five other men. He hands are shackled. In his mouth, an iron bit... The men are being led by WHITE GUARDS with rifles. Camera follows them under a burning sun as they approach; A TRENCH. One thousand feet long. Five feet deep. Five fe wide. Camera tilts down to reveal, within the trench; WOODEN BOXES, with scrap limber roofs and a door of bars fitted on them like a cage that opens up to a wall of red dirt stretching two feet above the top of the bars themse INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT. Paul awakens...his face and body drenched in sweat. EXT. FIELD BETWEEN 124 AND THE STOREROOM - NIGHT. Paul D. walks across the field with a thin blanket over h nightclothes - walking toward the storeroom. In the window of her bedroom, Sethe watches him - sensing is moving further and further away from her. In the window of Denver's room, Beloved watches Paul as w with a pleased expression.
16) 18) dialog: Man, you make me feel like a young girl, you coming by to pick me up after work. Nobody ever did that before. Better watch out, I might start looking forward to it. She tosses the bones and skins from the scrap pan into a before four dogs who wait there as if by appointment.
16) 19) dialog: Got to rinse this out. She enters the restaurant. Paul watches the dogs eat - watching them getting what they wanted. Sethe re-appears a cloth over her head.
16) 20) dialog: You get off early or what?
16) 22) dialog: Anything the matter?
16) 24) dialog: Not cut back?
16) 26) text: You ain't gonna like what I'm about to say, Sethe. Sethe steps forward to hear what Paul came to tell her. T is no apprehension or anger in her look. Instead, a calm resolve - as if she were already able to accept whatever had to tell her without it being anyone's fault. As if sh already knew he cane to say he was leaving her. She smile
16) 27) dialog: Well say it, Paul D...whether I like it or not. Paul knows what she's expecting. And when he sees her diminished expectation, the melancholy without blame in h eyes....he can't tell her about Beloved. He is filled wit respect and admiration for her in that moment. Something into his head and out of his mouth that wasn't planned;
16) 29) dialog: You came by here to ask me that!? You are one crazy-headed man. You right; I don't like it!...Don't you think I'm a little too old to start that all over again? She slips her fingers into his.
16) 31) dialog: Mercy. EXT. BLUESTONE ROAD - EARLY EVENING. On the road towards 124, Paul and Sethe run hand in hand. Snow falling all around them.
16) 32) dialog: I been on my feet all day, Paul D.
16) 34) dialog: Stop! I don't have the legs for this! They slow to a walk.
16) 36) dialog: You need some babies..somebody to play with in the snow.
16) 38) dialog: I'll say..Very, very willing. They continue laughing and moving down Bluestone Road whe they are jolted by the appearance of; Beloved. Waiting in her usual place for Sethe. Her hands wrapped in a long shawl, waiting to be given to Sethe. He eyes only on Sethe, not even acknowledging Paul's presenc Sethe gets herself down from Paul.
16) 39) dialog: Crazy girl. You out here with nothing on. She takes the shawl from Beloved's hands and wraps it aro her shoulders.
16) 40) dialog: You got to learn more sense than that. She walks on ahead with Beloved. Paul, suddenly icy cold filled with anger, walks behind. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE ROAD - NIGHT. Denver waits on the porch. Sethe and Beloved walk by her.
16) 41) dialog: Evening, girl. Sethe and Beloved enter the house. As Paul approaches, he stops before Denver. Their eyes meet. Paul stares at her, if to ask - "Who's ally are you?"...Denver, unnerved by h look, runs into the house. Paul waits on the porch until, moment later, Sethe re-appears.
16) 42) dialog: Now I know you not sleeping out there tonight, are you Paul D.? (Paul doesn't reply)
16) 56) dialog: What you think about Schoolteacher?
16) 58) dialog: I mean, is he different like Mr. Garner was?
16) 60) dialog: Well, he and Mrs. Garner - they ain't like other whites I seen before. Mr. Garner always spoke soft, for one. Mrs. Garner too.
16) 62) dialog: Mr. Garner let you buy out your mother. Found that house for her to live in from those friends of his in Ohio...
16) 64) dialog: Well?
16) 66) dialog: Still, he did it. Let you work off her fee, lending yourself out on Sundays. He could of said no. He didn't tell you no.
16) 68) dialog: He always treated you fair. Called you all men - said he never wanted niggers on his farm.
16) 70) dialog: When we walk, don't matter what they call you. You'll be free.
16) 72) dialog: What you mean?
16) 74) dialog: But..then..how you gonna buy yourself out? Or them? (points to the children)
16) 77) dialog: Halle....what we going to do?
16) 80) dialog: You mean...? But what if we caught? What'd they do to us? To the children?
16) 87) dialog: Want me to loosen it up with a little water?
16) 89) dialog: Yes ma'am... Sethe helps her drink a glass of cold water.
16) 91) text: Mmmm. Thank you Sethe. Now tell me, I know Halle's no trouble but the others, the Pauls and Sixo - how's my brother-in- law handling them? All right?
16) 92) dialog: Yes Ma'am. Look like it.
16) 94) dialog: They don't need telling.
16) 97) dialog: Yes ma'am. INT. BARN - A NIGHT REMEMBERED. Sethe lies beaten and raped, her clothes torn, her body aching and sweaty. She struggles to get to her feet and e the barn. INT. HALLE AND SETHE'S LIVING QUARTERS - NIGHT. Sethe opens the door to find her children asleep. She is about to wake them when; She notices Mrs. Garner's light is on in her bedroom wind Sethe, blind with rage, decides there's one thing she mus before she takes her children to the meeting place. INT. MRS. GARNER'S BEDROOM - NIGHT. Mrs. Garner lies ailing through a sleepless night when he bedroom door opens. Sethe enters - her appearance tells a
16) 100) dialog: (hands her the children)
16) 103) dialog: Just go with her! Do what I tell ya! Sethe carefully hands her baby girl to the woman.
16) 104) dialog: Put sugar water on that cloth for her to suck so she won't forget me til I come.
16) 106) dialog: Halle wasn't there. I gotta go back.
16) 108) dialog: Take em out. Now! I'll get there myself. I got her milk...I'll get there...Don't worry. She kisses her baby girl, a little too hard perhaps, waki her...along with the boys...
16) 109) dialog: Go..Go! Now! Sethe disappears back into the corn field leaving the Wom holding the baby girl... as Bulgar cries out.
16) 140) text: You want me to read to you? Paul senses something terribly wrong...and doesn't know whether to say yes or no. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - EARLY EVENING. Sethe is sweeping the porch. Paul appears on the road. When he sees Sethe on the porch the distance, he stops. Sethe sees him and smiles - but something about his slow approach to the house sends off an alarm within her. Paul makes his way to the porch. He stops before her.
16) 141) dialog: Already fed the girls. You eat? (he shakes NO)
16) 142) text: Want something? Paul doesn't answer. Instead, he steps up to her as he removes the clipping from his pocket and hands it to her. Sethe's heart stops beating for a moment - not having see this image for many years. But she's survived worse than telling so she faces him.
16) 143) dialog: Best you come inside. She rises and enters the house. Paul follows. INT. KITCHEN - EARLY EVENING. Paul sits at the table. Sethe begins her story seated bef him.
16) 144) dialog: I don't have to tell you about Sweet Home. What it was. But maybe you don't know what it was like for me to get away from there. She looks for a response but expects none.
16) 145) dialog: I did it. I got us all out. Without Halle too. Up til then it was the only thing I ever did on my own. Decided. And it came off right like it was supposed to.. She rises and begins to move about the room, circling Pau as she tries to find a way to explain it all;
16) 146) dialog: We was here. Each and every one of my babies and me too. I birthed them and I got 'em out and it wasn't no accident. I did that! I had help, of course, lots of that, but still it was me doing it; me saying, "Go on" and "Now!". Me having to look out. Me using my own head. But it was more than that. It was a kind of ...'thinking-about-myself' I never knew nothing about before. It felt good. Good and right. I was big, Paul, and deep and wide and when I stretched out my arms all my children could get in between. I was that wide. Look like I loved them more after I got them here. Or maybe I couldn't love'em proper in Sweet Home 'cause they wasn't mine to love. But when I got here, when I jumped off that wagon - there wasn't nobody in the world I couldn't love if I wanted to....
16) 148) dialog: I had 28 days...28 good days of free life..... INT. SETHE'S ROOM AT 124 - A DAWN REMEMBERED. Sethe, out of habit, is awake before the sun has risen. S is fully dressed.
16) 149) dialog: ...of getting up like I always did, getting dressed before the sun came out, and then realizing I had to decide myself what to do with the day... She sits on the bed, watching the sun rise. INT. THE CHILDREN'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS. Sethe watches her children sleeping, safely.
16) 150) dialog: ...Days of watching my children sleep away the morning...And taking care of my baby like it was the most important thing I had to do... Denver is asleep in a bassinet. Sethe reaches in and pick her up. She sits by a window and breast feeds her as she A MELODY. (This is the same melody we heard Sethe humming the beginning of the film). Sethe's melody carries itself over the following images; EXT. 124 BLUESTONE ; WATER PUMP - DAY. Sethe is carrying a bucket of water to the house. She see Bulgar and Howard running and playing. Howard tackles his brother and starts tickling him. The two boys laugh hard. Sethe watches, a moment of fear across her face;
16) 151) dialog: I'd hear my boys laughing a laugh I ain't never heard. And for a second I'd get scared - scared someone might hear them and get mad... Sethe realizes, placing down the bucket:
16) 152) dialog: Then I remembered...and if they laughed that hard til it hurt, that would be the only hurt they had all day.... Sethe sobs, uncontrollably. INT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - DAY. Ella teaches Sethe a new stitch as she chatters on.
16) 153) dialog: We had us days of company... EXT. FIELD - DAY. Another woman teaches Sethe the alphabet, as Sethe cradle Denver and the Little Girl (Beloved) crawls around her fe INT. KITCHEN - DAY. Baby Suggs and Sethe cook with a kitchen full of men and women who have come for a visit.
16) 154) dialog: ...of ease and real talk. Talks about the Fugitive Bill, Dred Scott or book learning...Talks as quiet or as stormy as we wanted... Two men get into an argument to the amusement of the wome EXT. CLEARING IN THE WOODS - DAY. As folks gather to hear Baby Suggs preach, she introduces smiling, shy Sethe to each one.
16) 155) dialog: ...And when everyone would gather to hear Baby Suggs, I saw something I ain't never seen before in my whole life... Alone for a moment, Sethe looks around at the crowd of fa Sethe's Melody stops as Baby Suggs stands on her rock and calls to the crowd:
16) 158) text: Let your mother's hear you laugh!! The children, loving the game, laugh hard. The adults get kick out of it. Sethe watches her boys and hides her laughter.
16) 165) dialog: ....Something in me knew Halle was never gonna knock on our door. He was never gonna see what I saw that day. I saw what men look like...and I saw mothers, for the first time. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - DAY. Stamp Paid walks up to the porch carrying a TWO BIG BASKE OF BLACKBERRIES ... his body dirty, scratched and bleedin
16) 166) dialog: I think it was Stamp Paid who started it. He walked six miles to the riverbank, slid into a ravine, reached through blood drawing thorns, suffered mosquitoes, wasps and the meanest lady spiders in the State just to bring us those berries. He places the baskets on the porch in front of Baby Suggs Sethe who is holding Denver..and the Little Girl (Beloved
16) 170) dialog: She's too little for that, Stamp. Her bowels be soup.
16) 172) dialog: It was real nice of him.
16) 174) dialog: How 'bout if I make a couple of chickens to back it up?
16) 175) dialog: And that's how it began... INT. KITCHEN - DAY. Sethe and Baby Suggs and Ella and several other women coo
16) 176) dialog: ...Three pies became twelve...two hens became five turkeys... EXT.THE FIELD/124 BLUESTONE RD. - EVENING. Various images of people gathered enjoying food and drink...laughing and singing...
16) 177) dialog: ...and Ella and John turned into almost ninety others... - Women serving up the food... - Older men sitting and talking as they eat... - Younger men playing with the children. Chasing them wit sheets on their backs, scaring them into laughter.. - A Man with a guitar playing a blues song and singing. While Sethe enjoys her free life and, most of all, her children - the boys running around her..Denver in her arms..Her Little Girl (Beloved) by her side.. Baby Sugg's visits with various guests, serving up the food...
16) 178) dialog: ... Everybody ate so well and laughed so much... INTERCUT; Images of whispers exchanged between some of th women:
16) 179) dialog: ...it made them angry... Women head to head with a remark or an eye of disapproval towards Baby Suggs as she continues cooking and feeding..
16) 180) dialog: The pies, the turkeys...the bread pudding and shortbread..the one whole block of ice brought all the way from Cincinnati - it made 'em mad...Loaves and fishes were Jesus's powers...they did not belong to an ex-slave who never had a white boy beat her, who had her freedom bought, who rented a house from white folks that hated slavery worse than they hated slaves...It made'em furious - her thoughtless generosity and un-called for pride...She had over stepped...offended them by giving too much...and they left their disapproval there so's you could smell in the air the whole next day... EXT. THE FIELD/ 124 BLUESTONE RD. - THE FOLLOWING DAY. Baby Suggs works the field, not far from Stamp Paid...
16) 181) dialog: Later on I wondered why no one warned us...why no one saw them coming and ran to 124 to tell us... She chops at the soil over the roots of the pepper plants She stops - sensing something is wrong. She looks up at a clear blue sky...She hears the birds and the stream way d beyond the woods.. She looks around and sees Bulgar, Howard and the Little G (Beloved) playing with loud voices by the side of the hou She sees Sethe squatted in the pole beans with Denver in bushel basket beside her. The clok, clok of wood being chopped causes her to look o to Stamp Paid, helping out with the axe... She returns to her work...but something is deeply wrong. And then she hears it; THE SOUND OF HORSES and A HORSE DRAWN WAGON coming from t distance. (The same sound Sethe heard in her first memory the sycamores earlier on) She rises up and looks; POV; EXT. BLUESTONE ROAD - DAY. Far in the distance, FOUR HORSEMEN ARE RIDING TOWARD THEM ONE DRIVES A WAGON and IS WEARING A DISTINCTIVE HAT - IT SCHOOLTEACHER.....
17) 0) text: Sethe continues working until she notices peripherally th Baby Suggs is standing stock still, staring at something. Sethe rises and looks in the same direction;
19) 0) text: Sethe's face freezes in terror as ... Stamp Paid, in between chops, looks up and sees the two women..then turns his face to see the men.
19) 2) dialog: ...There's a Look whitefolks get..a Look every Negro learns to recognize along with his ma'am's tit..That righteous Look that's like a flag going up the pole..the righteousness that announces the whip, the fist, the burning, the lie...long before it happens in the open... Over the above speech, we see in Sethe's expression a dea of soul - an instantaneous loss of hope for possibilities joy and life. And with it, an insane rage. Sethe grabs Denver out of the basket, then scrambles afte the crawling Little Girl (Beloved), scooping her under he free arm...
19) 3) dialog: Howard!...Bulgar! The tone of her voice cause the boys to freeze. She runs towards them, grabbing one by the hand and ordering the o to run in front of them. She moves and speaks with effici clarity.
19) 4) dialog: The shed!...Get in the shed!...Run! Baby Suggs and Stamp Paid watch helplessly -
21) 0) text: The Nephew opens the door. The Four Men enter.... Howard and Bulgar are bleeding in the sawdust, unconsciou a bloody shovel lays near them. Sethe is holding a blood-soaked Little Girl (Beloved) to chest with one hand...and Denver by the heels of the othe She is swinging Denver toward the wall planks, misses the tries again... When out of nowhere, Stamp Paid rushes by the horrified w men and GRABS DENVER OUT OF SETHE'S HAND before she can s her a second time... Stillness. Schoolteacher looks at the carnage...a bloody saw lies at Sethe's feet, the weapon she used on her own child's thro The Nephew is paralyzed...horrified.
21) 3) text: Nothing here to claim, I guess. Look like your business is over. Mine's started. Schoolteacher beats his hat against his thigh and spits i the shed before exiting, followed by the catcher and the nephew. The Sheriff speaks to Sethe.
22) 0) text: Sethe, clutching the dead baby to her chest, is led out o the shed by Stamp Paid, Outside, a throng of black faces have gathered who stop murmuring the second they see her. Among them are Ella an Lady Jones. They are shocked and pained. Sethe is led past them to a waiting cart - in total silen Baby Suggs, at the same time, is getting the boys up the porch into the house. When Denver cries in Stamp Paid's a she stops..lets the boys sit and runs towards the cart. Sethe is seated in the cart beside the Sheriff. Baby Sugg takes the crying Denver from Stamp Paid..She tells the Sheriff.
23) 0) text: Paul D. sits at the kitchen table. The story told. Sethe looks out the window...and waits..
23) 2) dialog: Love is or it isn't. Thin love ain't love at all...I did stop him. I took and put my babies where they'd be safe...
23) 4) dialog: It worked.
23) 6) dialog: They ain't at Sweet Home! Schoolteacher ain't got'em!
23) 8) dialog: It ain't my job to know what's worse. It's my job to know what is and keep them away from what I know is terrible. I did that.
23) 10) dialog: I should have gone back there? Taken my babies back there?
23) 12) dialog: What way?
23) 15) dialog: After all I told you, Paul D. and after telling me how many feet I have, you think saying goodbye is gonna break me into pieces? Paul turns to look at her and realizes she saw right thro him...
23) 16) dialog: You're a sweet man. Unable to bear it, Paul turns and leaves... Sethe stands still, fighting tears, and whispers...
23) 17) dialog: So long, Paul D. INT. KITCHEN - DAY. Sethe is scrubbing the floor, with Denver trailing by wit dry rags. Beloved enters holding a pair of ice skates;
23) 19) dialog: My Lord...where'd you dig up those?
23) 22) dialog: Go ice skating? Ha... (beat)
23) 25) dialog: Strikes me that after your man leaves, it might just be the wrong time to be scrubbing floors... might just be the perfect time to go ice skating. Denver and Beloved register hopefulness in the light of Sethe's attitude. Sethe speaks to Denver;
23) 26) dialog: Go get the shawls..and find me an old shoe for that half a pair... The girls get excited. Sethe tosses the scrub brush into pail. EXT. A FROZEN CREEK - DAY. A bright, cold winter day. Beloved wears a pair of old skates. Denver wears the second pair and Sethe has one sk and one shoe..The two girls giggle and fall as they try t skate on the ice... helping each other up. Their skirts  whirling...their laughter mingled with screams of delight Sethe, wearing only shoes, watches them and laughs.
23) 29) dialog: ..."Here. Look here. See this mark? If you can't tell me by my face, look here." Beloved lifts her head towards the fire at the same time leans back to rest on a propped-up pillow. In the flicker of the firelight, Sethe can see: A SMILE OF A SCAR BENEATH HER CHIN. Sethe knows before she's aware of it consciously. And jus it hits her, BELOVED BEGINS TO HUM A MELODY. Sethe recognizes it as her own melody.
23) 30) dialog: I made that song up. I made it up and sang it to my children... Denver lifts her head from her mother's lap to look at Se knowing what is happening....
23) 31) dialog: ...Nobody knows that song but me and my children. Beloved turns to Sethe;
24) 1) dialog: Back stiff?
24) 3) dialog: Could be that fall you took.
24) 6) dialog: No, let her rest.
24) 8) dialog: I'll make sure she does. But first I'm going  make up a nice, big breakfast against that cold outside.
24) 10) dialog: Don't matter. First time I'll be late in nine years. No great trouble..Whatever goes on out there goes on with or without me showing up on time... don't matter... (looks at the girls)
25) 41) dialog: Don't talk to me, Mr. Sawyer. Don't say nothing to me this morning.
25) 43) dialog: I'm telling you don't say nothing to me. Sethe begins organizing her counter to make pies.
25) 46) dialog: Make it the way I always do.
26) 61) dialog: Beloved, she my daughter...She mine. She come back to me of her own free will and I don't have to explain a thing.. She had to be safe and I put her where I knew she would be. But my love was tough and she back now. She come back to me in the flesh...I won't never let her go. I'll explain to her, even though I don't have to. Why I did it. How if I hadn't killed her she would have died and that is something I couldn't let happen to her. When I explain she'll understand, cause she understands everything already..And she ain't even mad...When I put that headstone up I wanted to lay in there with you, put your head on my shoulder and keep you warm and I would have if Bulgar and Howard and Denver didn't need me, because my mind was homeless then. I couldn't lay down with you then. No matter how much I wanted to. I couldn't lay down nowhere in peace, back then. Now I can. I can sleep like the drowned, have mercy. She come back to me, my daughter, DENVER'S VOICE OVER FADES IN OVER SETHE'S.... SETHE (VO)              DENVER
27) 15) dialog: 
27) 19) dialog: 
27) 23) dialog: 
27) 29) dialog: 
27) 35) dialog: 
27) 39) dialog: 
27) 48) dialog: 
27) 54) dialog: 
30) 0) text: The sun shines on a warm April day..a day abundant with growth and renewed hope. But a shadow appears to be hovering over 124. It looks mo worn than before...neglected, abused. A broken window...the front door off it's hinge...a front step splintered and dangerous. INT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - MORNING. Camera opens on the front hall and moves through the hous revealing the same neglect inside; Broken furniture, dusty floors, mess and disorder... Camera enters; INT. KITCHEN - MORNING. Dirty pans, crusted food on the table, window curtains hanging askew... Sethe sits hunched over, asleep, in a chair against the w She wears a dirty, torn dress that hangs on her body - wh seems withered, frailer since we last saw her...In her la lies a clean pretty dress she was in the process of sewin when she fell asleep from fatigue. A LOUD CRASH wakes her up. Followed by a LOUD FRUSTRATED YELL. Her face registers fear. She realizes where she is, what time it is...and begins organizing breakfast... She places the dress neatly on the chair, then grabs a cl and wipes away the crumbs and dirty plates from supper, placing them in the sink... She opens a pantry cupboard to reveal BARE SHELVES except a SINGLE EGG and a bowl of HOMINY GRAINS about 1/4 full. searches in a panic for more food - anywhere - opening  cabinets, doors - places that never stored food. She real there is none left. INT. DENVER'S ROOM - MORNING. Denver finished dressing. She has been able to maintain a semblance of order about her person and room.. But as she steps out into the second floor hallway, we se the same disarray as downstairs... She passes by Baby Sugg's old room and discovers; BELOVED, sprawled across the bed, half naked. Her belly i huge, her body unwashed. She looks, and behaves, like a w animal... A broken lamp lies on the fall - pushed over by her leg a she shifted in bed. Her feet, overhanging the bed, are st touching the bedside table where the lamp sat. She is awake now - making a small hole larger in Baby Sug old quilt.
30) 5) dialog: Morning.
30) 7) dialog: You hungry? Knowing there must be nothing left, Denver answers;
30) 11) dialog: Baby, don't be like that.
30) 13) dialog: Don't talk like that. Your mama loves you.
30) 16) dialog: Don't say those things. You forget about those dreams..
30) 18) dialog: Mama told you - I'd give up my own life, every minute, every hour of it to take back one of your tears baby...My children my best thing. You my best thing!
30) 20) dialog: That's not true. I told you, I had to get you out, make you safe...so's you and me could be together on the other side, forever..
30) 26) dialog: Hold back Denver - I'm fine..You..you go on upstairs. I'll do the cleaning up.
30) 28) dialog: Go upstairs I said!! Sethe's harsh tone is only for Denver. Denver exits the kitchen, afraid to leave them alone... As she moves from the kitchen, she hears;
30) 30) dialog: We don't have nothing sweet no more, baby.
30) 32) dialog: No. Since mama lost her job, we don't have no more pies.. Denver walks up the white stairs... INT. BABY SUGGS' ROOM - DAY. Denver has straightened up her grandmother's room. Cleane away the broken pieces of the lamp. Gathered the remnants the quilt.. She holds the quilt as she sits on the bed, facing the headboard. SHE REMEMBERS:
31) 16) dialog: NO!...She wanted me to do it. Sethe continues her work, without even looking at Denver. Denver pauses a moment, realizing she is of no use here - knowing she needs to help her mother somehow. She looks up to the kitchen, where every cupboard door is open revealing empty shelves...SHE EXITS - HEADING FOR TH FRONT DOOR. INT. FRONT HALL - DAY. C.U. - FRONT DOOR. Denver's hands slowly reaches towards the door lock - and OPENS IT. EXT. 124 BLUESTONE RD. - DAY. Denver opens the door, then pushes the broken screen door it's hinge. She closes the door behind her. She begins her walk from the porch to the road. The first time she's ever gone alone..not knowing what she will fac beyond the perimeters of her home. She reaches Bluestone Road and stops. She looks in either direction and sees not a soul. She takes a breath. She begins to walk - to get help. A block from the house, TWO BLACK MEN turn a corner and w towards her. Denver stops, frightened, not knowing what to do. The TWO BLACK MEN pass her, tipping their hats, saying;
31) 33) dialog: 
32) 2) dialog: Nobody..no sir..that's right..nobody's going be doing that..nobody going be writing my daughter's characteristics on the animal side..no sir..I don't care..ain't laying that down..no sir. I refuse..that's right..that's right...
32) 4) dialog: She likes this dress...
32) 51) text: Now you all know how I felt about the whole thing. I know the rage Sethe felt in that shed that day.  We all do. But what I could not understand, and still don't, was her reaction to it. Prideful. Too damn complicated for a black woman in her position before God. But whatever she done, I don't like the idea of past errors taking possession of the present. I don't cotton to sin moving in on a house, unleashed and sassy. Every day life takes enough, takes all a woman has. "Sufficient unto the day is evil thereof" and nobody needs more. Nobody needs a grown up evil sitting at a table with a grudge. As long as that ghost showed itself from a ghostly place, I respected it. But once it take on flesh and come into this world, well, the shoe's on the other foot now. I don't mind a little communication between worlds. But this here's an invasion. The women agree.
32) 55) text: Mama, I got a job. Working over at the Bodwins at night. Mr. Bodwin coming over now to pick me up on his way back from town. I'll be staying there nights and coming back here for the daytime. We'll have some money, mama..Mama? Sethe continues her action as if hypnotized. Denver approaches her from behind and whispers softly;
34) 0) text: The women continue singing as: Sethe and Beloved, her belly as big as a pregnant woman's exit the house. The women are stunned by the sight and slightly confused the lack of fear between the women. Sethe is holding Beloved's hand. Beloved is smiling brigh at the beautiful singing. Denver looks to her mother; Tears run down Sethe's face but she is not crying. The so of the women's voices wash over her like a baptism. She l to all the women, faces she remembers, faces she has miss although up until this moment was not conscious of missin Then, Sethe looks beyond the women and sees:
34) 3) dialog: No...No, he's not coming into my yard. He not taking my best thing...No.. She releases Beloved's hand and moves forward...
34) 4) dialog: No...no...no..
34) 6) dialog: No...NO..NO..NOOOOOOOOOOOO! As Mr. Bodwin reaches the thirty women who separate him f 124. HIS EYES FOCUS IN WONDER ON THE NAKED BELOVED AS;
35) 28) dialog: (turns to him)
35) 31) dialog: You shaved.
35) 33) dialog: No, You looking good.
35) 36) dialog: She comes in the daytime.  She still with me, my Denver.
35) 39) dialog: I'm tired, Paul. So tired. I have to rest a while.
35) 42) dialog: Oh, I don't have no plans. No plans at all.
35) 45) dialog: (cries)
35) 48) dialog: She was my best thing. Paul leans down and takes her hand, entwining his fingers into hers...
35) 50) dialog: Me?...Me? EXT. THE CLEARING - A DAY OUT OF TIME. A beautiful, sunny day. The clearing is full. Everyone lo bright and hopeful. Dressed in bright, summer clothes... A robust Baby Suggs is on her rock giving her best Call, camera pans the crowd of faces eager to believe ....