20) 0) text: The Four Horsemen - Schoolteacher, his Nephew, a Slave Catcher and a Sheriff - arrive at the house and dismount, tying their horses to the front gate (which is no longer there). The Nephew scampers to the front of the house and peers i the window - he listens. Hearing nothing he motions for t to go round the side of the house. Camera follows them as it reveals Baby Suggs and Stamp Pa standing exactly where we left them...Except; They are both staring at the shed - out of which strange noises, thuds and the FRIGHTENED CRIES OF CHILDREN are he Two Black Boys and several Woman are coming up the road. Slave Catcher motions with his rifle for them to stop - a they do. The men move towards the shed, meeting up with the Nephew he runs past Baby Suggs and Stamp Paid... POV; Camera moves closer towards the shed, the sounds coning f within more audible now...
21) 2) dialog: You all better go on. (to Schoolteacher)
21) 3) text: Nothing here to claim, I guess. Look like your business is over. Mine's started. Schoolteacher beats his hat against his thigh and spits i the shed before exiting, followed by the catcher and the nephew. The Sheriff speaks to Sethe.
21) 4) dialog: I'll have to take you in. No trouble now. You've done enough to last you.... Sethe doesn't move.
21) 5) dialog: You come quiet, here, and I won't have to tie you up. Meanwhile, Baby Suggs notices who breathes and who does n and moves straight to the boys.... Stamp Paid extends his arm to Sethe.
21) 7) dialog: I'm going out here and send for a wagon. He exits. Baby Suggs rubs the boys' hands, tries to raise their eyelids, spits on her dress and wipes away the bloo they slowly regain a dazed consciousness..She whispers;
22) 0) text: Sethe, clutching the dead baby to her chest, is led out o the shed by Stamp Paid, Outside, a throng of black faces have gathered who stop murmuring the second they see her. Among them are Ella an Lady Jones. They are shocked and pained. Sethe is led past them to a waiting cart - in total silen Baby Suggs, at the same time, is getting the boys up the porch into the house. When Denver cries in Stamp Paid's a she stops..lets the boys sit and runs towards the cart. Sethe is seated in the cart beside the Sheriff. Baby Sugg takes the crying Denver from Stamp Paid..She tells the Sheriff.
22) 2) dialog: Then she's best come too. Baby Suggs approaches Sethe who sees Denver crying and reaches for her without letting the baby go. Baby Suggs resists;