33) 0) text: A farmhouse is burning nearby, and three mounted figures  make their way along a trail at a walking pace - an old k in leather and mail, a young knight proud in gleaming new armor; and on a farm horse, a squire with baggage and jou lance. The old knight, Sir Ector, is troubled by what he  sees.
33) 1) dialog: It is a dark hour... everywhere  lawlessness and destruction, and no  one to lead us out of it.
33) 2) text: Just then, ten crazed peasants emerge from the darkness,  hurling stones and armed with clubs and pronged sticks. T surround the three riders. Sir Ector wheels around and sl the air with his sword to ward off the ambushers.
33) 3) dialog: Listen all. I am Sir Ector of Morven  and these are my sons. You would  wrong me, for I have never stolen  from others, or destroyed the fruit  of the land.
33) 5) dialog: The people's anger is just. It is  sad that for our own safety, we will  have to ride to the tournament with  these robber knights.
37) 0) text: At the edge of the jousting ground Sir Ector's son Sir Ka is getting ready for a bout. His brother Arthur is buckli the new armor while his father fusses about him, making s adjustments when he notices that Kay's scabbard is empty. turns to Arthur and grab's him by the ear.
37) 1) dialog: Arthur, where is Kay's sword? A good  squire doesn't forget his knight's  sword.
37) 4) dialog: Well hurry then, and get it.
37) 5) text: The boy dashes off as Sir Ector shakes his head, not with affection beneath the sternness.
41) 0) text: Sir Ector and Sir Kay are waiting.
44) 0) text: Kay, with Arthur in tow, rushes to Sir Ector and shows hi the sword; he trembles with excitement.
44) 2) text: Sir Ector is dumbstruck.
44) 3) dialog: Did you free the sword, boy?
44) 5) text: Ector looks at his son amazed, wanting to believe but not able to.
44) 6) dialog: We must go to the stone at once.
44) 7) text: With Excalibur in hand Ector of Morven heads for the ston Kay following, and Arthur too, the boy flushed with excit but a little worried, not understanding what is happening The exchange between Sir Ector and Sir Kay has been overh Some have seen the sword in Sir Ector's hand. Rumor sprea like wildfire.
45) 0) text: As Sir Ector ascends the stone, from all parts of the jou ground knights and squires, the Bishop and the clerics, a peasants too, press around. Ector lowers the blade into the tight cleft and Excalibur sinks to its original position.
45) 1) dialog: Draw it, son!
45) 4) dialog: Arthur ?! (spinning around to  face him) How did you get the sword, child?
45) 6) dialog: You freed it, son?
45) 8) text: He starts to kneel but Ector pulls him up.
45) 9) dialog: Try the sword, Arthur.
45) 14) dialog: Let the boy try the sword.
45) 16) text: The demand is echoed by peasants and serfs. The great kni remain silent and bitter in their defeat. Sir Ector pushe Arthur to the sword.
45) 17) dialog: Go ahead, boy. Don't be afraid.
45) 18) text: The boy hesitates shyly, and then takes the hilt of Excal and pulls out the sword with a great sweep. The throng is stunned. Silence falls. Some kneel, followi the example of Sir Ector and Sir Kay, of the Bishop and  Leondegrance. The other nobles stay back, confused, afrai angered. Arthur stands there, little more than a boy, his cheeks  flushed, his soft hair ruffled by the wind, his eyes shin with exultation, awe, and fear. Then, as if gaining confi from the sword itself, he turns it in arcs above his head
45) 22) text: Sir Ector rises, tears streaming down his cheeks.
45) 23) dialog: My Lord, you are King, all the more  because you are not my son, and I am  not your father.
45) 26) dialog: I don't know. Merlin brought you to  me when you were newly born and  charged me to raise you as my own.  At first, I did so because I feared  Merlin, later because I loved you.
52) 0) text: A bellowing dragon advances. Its eyes burn, its scales gl from light shining from within. It snorts fire from its  nostrils. Uryens and Lot, Caradoc and Turquine, the great knights i command of the siege of Leondegrance's castle, back away  speechless as the monster descends upon their unprepared camp. All around them, squires and lesser knights flee in panic and confusion. Only a dozen or so remain with their leaders. The group b up against the swampy moat that surrounds the castle, wai with swords drawn. The dragon moves closer, and now it becomes apparent that is nothing more than a force of knights and footmen. Thei shields glinting in the moonlight are the dragon's scales torches its burning eyes. And the snorting flames from it nostrils are only Merlin doing a fire-eater's trick. The dragon form dissolves, and a banner rises bearing the emblem of the Dragon, and under it, Arthur and Ector and lead a charge of twenty knights. In Arthur's hands, Excalibur leaves an electric glow upon the air.
56) 1) dialog: No... Arthur--
60) 8) text: Arthur rises and Uryens kneels and kisses his hands. Sir  Ector turns away to hide brimming tears. Merlin pushes th finally, out of breath. Uryens embraces Leondegrance whil Lot and the other enemy knights kneel in turn and kiss  Arthur's hands.
63) 0) text: War tents have been pitched beneath the majestic trees. N the banner of the Dragon a doe grazes. Arthur is older, i battle-scarred plate armor, pacing and angry. He is watch by his wounded and bruised knights--Kay, Uryens, Lot,  Leondegrance, Caradoc, and some new young faces among the ranks. No one talks. The harsh clank of its battle trappings announces the arr of a horse. All eyes watch it walk into the camp. A knigh is slouched in the saddle. Arthur runs to meet the horse, followed by squires and so of the knights. He eases the rider to the ground, unlaces his helmet. It Sir Ector, and his hauberk is badly dented. Tears burn in Arthur's eyes.
63) 1) dialog: He is the mightiest and fairest of  knights.
63) 7) text: The squires are silent. Arthur gallops off in the direction Sir Ector came from. knights are afraid for him.
77) 0) text: Arthur and Guenevere are ushered in by Kay. They are flan by Leondegrance and Sir Ector. Lancelot and Merlin follow leading the cortege of knights and ladies. Merlin is incapable of entering the chapel, as if at the  threshold there is an unseen force that repels him.
85) 54) text: Sir Ector, old and feeble, weeps for Arthur. Someone spea up. It is Perceval, who kneels before the Queen. His voic is unnaturally loud, and his eyes shine with held-back te he stutters.