66) 11) dialog: The East is ours again.
84) 0) text: Guenevere, bearing a bowl of perfect, deep red apples,  approaches the Round Table, where Arthur sits and Merlin his side, attending to the affairs of the kingdom. Quite few of the knights occupy their seats, talking with each  other, drinking and laughing, attended by ladies and page Guenevere places the apples at Lancelot's empty place and takes her seat next to Arthur. In the archways that lead into the hall, petitioners wait eating, drinking, talking among themselves. In the din, n one pays attention to the vehement arguing of the fat man and the thin man, which continues even here. The hall is burgeoning, happy center of the kingdom. But Merlin is oblivious to the lively clamor. He gazes li a lovesick puppy across the table at Morgana, who bends o whispering to a knight at the table, the young Sir Gahalt while his older brother Sir Gawain listens. Morgana notic Merlin's stare and smiles at him, and then resumes her  flirtation with Sir Gahalt, much to Merlin's annoyance. Sir Kay ushers the thin man and the fat man into the open space at the center of the table for their audience with king. They quarrel even as Kay tries to present them, and the attention of the hall gradually focuses on them. The two men talk at once, interrupting, overlapping. FAT MAN
85) 26) dialog: Could there be evil within Lancelot  himself? To live above human folly,  as is his aim, is to be overly proud.
85) 38) text: He is too shy to take the shiniest, most beautiful apple top, and goes for another one. Morgana giggles, and he lo at her. She looks at the apple on top and then smiles  encouragingly at him. Sir Gahalt takes it and starts eati as the Queen returns to her seat. With the third bite his is unable to breathe. His face go red and he rises to his feet, attempting to call out. He falls, dying immediately. All leap to their feet, and  Arthur rushes to the young knight. Merlin is asleep and f from human affairs. Arthur and Sir Gawain rise from the body of the young kni Sir Gawain backs away from Arthur and points at Guenevere trembling with cold rage.
85) 39) dialog: Hear me, Lord Arthur, and knights  and chieftains: I charge Guenevere  with the murder of my brother.
85) 42) text: She begins to swoon and Morgana keeps her steady on her f Arthur slumps into his seat and Sir Gawain kneels before  him.
85) 43) dialog: I champion this truth: That Queen  Guenevere murdered Sir Gahalt with  the aid of sorcery.
85) 48) dialog: She must be burnt at the stake. That  is the sentence for murder done with  magic.
90) 0) text: The Bishop blesses the field. Guenevere, numb and  disbelieving, is being led to the stake, which rises from bed of straw and wood. Arthur watches, in shock. Other kn and ladies keep their distance, watching darkly, stealing glances at Arthur, mumbling disapproval of his refusing t defend Guenevere. In battle dress, Sir Gawain rides up an down the jousting run on a snorting and powerful horse,  practicing. Perceval, in a mail doublet, waits beside a m roan, his face burning with anxiety. Guenevere is tied to the stake. All eyes watch for the  approach of her champion. Arthur goes to Perceval.
91) 0) text: The sun has risen shining cruelly into Guenevere's eyes; queen is alone at the stake. Sir Gawain rides up to King  Arthur, who waits alone, separated from the others.
91) 1) dialog: My Lord, the sun is upon the field.  The Queen has no champion. I demand  justice, as is my right.
91) 5) text: Sir Gawain looks at the squire with contempt.
91) 6) dialog: (to Arthur) Since no knight comes forward, I  demand justice--
91) 12) text: Gawain shakes his head disdainfully as Perceval mounts ba into the saddle, his eyes burning with fervor. Sir Gawain and Perceval ride to opposite ends of the fiel The spectators fall silent, all staring blankly, their se dulled by the tragedy, at the uneven combatants. A cry goes up. Lancelot rides out of the forest. He rides to the King and salutes him. Arthur smiles at his old fri tears of joy in his eyes. Lancelot bows toward Guenevere rides on to where Perceval waits. Lancelot reaches out to touch Perceval's cheek.
91) 14) text: Perceval cannot reply, his eyes affixed on the blood that trickles from Lancelot's hauberk. Lancelot raises his lan in salute to Gawain across the field. Gawain salutes in  answer. The two huge knights charge at each other, each man's spe tip making contact with the other's armor, and in the vio collision both are unhorsed. Lancelot is slower at gettin to his feet and drawing his sword. He is bleeding below the hauberk from his self-inflicted  wound. In the first onslaught Lancelot fights defensively, falli back. He has to toss aside his shield and hold his stomac with his shield hand. Morgana watches with Merlin. Every terrible blow of sword sword reverberates through her body pleasurable. Merlin i captivated by her cruel sensuality.
92) 0) text: They swing and thrust at each other with slower but bone- crushing force, both unsteady now. Blood seeps from Lance feet, leaving awful footprints on the earth. Finally, wit daring thrust, Lancelot lifts Gawain's visor and the swor tip is before his eyes. Gawain drops his sword and shield kneels and speaks in a voice hoarse with weariness.
92) 1) dialog: The Queen is innocent. I yield to  your mercy, Sir Lancelot.
115) 2) text: Gawain rises and draws his sword in salute.
115) 3) dialog: I will ride forth in the name of  that quest, and commit my strength  and my soul to it.
115) 6) text: The rest of the fellowship draw their swords in imitation but the resolution within them is not strong. Arthur come forward to Gawain.
115) 8) text: He embraces Gawain, tears in his eyes. He turns to Percev and Perceval kneels.
116) 0) text: Under a leaden sky, Gawain drives his horse through swirl snow. He comes upon a mounted knight who is frozen in his tracks. He brushes the snow from the man's face. The froz features belong to Caradoc. He slowly continues on his wa
118) 3) text: Gawain, his blood flowing from him and into the giant's m looks up in anguish. His bellowing voice is echoed and  amplified by the hollow beneath the drain.
118) 4) dialog: Arthur, forgive me. I die without  the secret. I have failed.
119) 0) text: Gawain's death cry and the din of the ritual carries to  Perceval's ears as he wanders through the wasteland. He d down his visor and spurs his horse forward.