51) 0) text: Leondegrance, Lord of Camelyarde, is shocked by what he s in the distance. His daughter Guenevere, a beautiful girl sixteen, draws close to him, terrified. With his survivin knights, Leondegrance is making his last stand. The walls have been breached, parts of the castle are burning.
53) 1) dialog: Father, it's the boy King.
55) 0) text: Guenevere watches...
55) 1) dialog: No...
59) 0) text: Guenevere watches, frightened for Arthur, not daring to  breathe.
61) 0) text: The castle can be glimpsed through the trees. A clear spr bubbles from the ground, and the sun splashes leaf, bird, squirrel, and bee with golden light, and Arthur and Guene too. Guenevere is serious and intent on her work.
61) 3) dialog: It didn't hurt too much, did it?
61) 5) dialog: --I'm pretty good at stitchery. I've  sewn my father's wounds more than  once.
61) 7) dialog: Careful! You'll have to stay still  for a few days or you'll tear them  open.
61) 10) dialog: --And damsels in besieged castles  are waiting to be rescued?
61) 12) dialog: Well, then, I shall tell you which  knights have maiden daughters, so  you can avoid their castles.
61) 14) dialog: No, I think it's better if you just  stay here to heal. At least a week.
61) 16) dialog: Quiet, or I'll sew up your mouth  too.
61) 17) text: She touches his lips with hers, her eyelids fluttering sh He stares at her young beauty, and draws her into a long, slow kiss. A shrill almost human squeal pierces the air not far away Arthur pulls away startled, half-rising. Guenevere giggle
61) 18) dialog: Would you rescue me from a fiery  dragon, sir?
61) 20) dialog: It's just a furry little rabbit that  took the bait and sprung the trap.
61) 22) dialog: You'll find him served up to you  tonight, cooked in a most excellent  sauce...
62) 0) text: The soft beat of psaltery and the liquid flow of lute. A  serving platter bearing roast rabbit in rampant position carried across the hall. It is laid on the long raised ta before Arthur, who presides in the middle. He looks at it suspiciously and blushes, remembering the afternoon; and looks back at him accusingly with its cherry eye. Guenevere is dancing around her father, lovely, gliding,  sensual. She sees Arthur and the rabbit and laughs out-ri He twists off a leg of the rabbit and sinks his teeth int it to hide his embarrassment. Guenevere passes to another partner, smiling at him, radiant. Arthur watches her, his heart breaking. He is in love. Merlin leans close.
62) 11) text: Guenevere approaches, smiling and coquettish. She slaps h hands, and a servant sets down a tray of pastries before  Arthur.
62) 12) dialog: They are only for you, for in them I  mixed things that heal, but not too  quickly; and things that make limbs  sleepy, preventing escape, but keep  one's mind sharp.
62) 16) dialog: It is an ancient mixture, containing  only soft, unborn grains, and flavored  with roses. The rest is secret.
62) 17) text: Guenevere offers one to Arthur, and he hesitates, looking it.
62) 19) text: Arthur bites into the cake, and Guenevere looks deep into his eyes.
74) 0) text: The field is pitched with war tents and pavilions decked holiday. Nobles and knights flank the King and Guenevere, beautiful vision in white samite, a wreath of flowers aro her head. Lancelot leads a long file of prisoners to the  King. They fall to their knees, begging forgiveness; amon them is the man whom Lancelot had spared before the altar
74) 3) text: He rises and follows Arthur and Guenevere into the centra pavilion. Pages draw its curtains closed as they pass ins
75) 0) text: Guenevere is surrounded by a group of ladies and maids wh fuss over her dress and her hair. They eye the great knig and whisper about him, Guenevere laughing with them. Arthur sits, excited and happy.
75) 5) text: Guenevere overhears. She approaches and Lancelot jumps to his feet.
75) 6) dialog: (to Arthur) He must stay for the feasting days  of our wedding, and tell his deeds  himself.
75) 14) dialog: Don't start a war on my wedding day!
75) 16) text: Arthur and Merlin exit, leaving Guenevere and Lancelot. S looks at him, lively and amused, and he can't help smilin
75) 17) dialog: Look Lancelot. The maids and ladies  whisper about you. They all dream of  winning you, young and old, fair and  ugly.
75) 19) dialog: But surely that's no secret to you,  dear Lancelot. You're the bravest  and strongest knight they've ever  seen, and beauty has kissed your  brow.
75) 21) dialog: The well-kept secret is whether any  of them has won your heart.
75) 23) dialog: Why?
75) 25) dialog: And there is no maiden in the whole  world who inspires you?
75) 27) dialog: Who?!
75) 29) dialog: Me?
75) 31) dialog: To me? But why?
75) 33) text: Guenevere smiles, moved by his blunt innocence.
77) 0) text: Arthur and Guenevere are ushered in by Kay. They are flan by Leondegrance and Sir Ector. Lancelot and Merlin follow leading the cortege of knights and ladies. Merlin is incapable of entering the chapel, as if at the  threshold there is an unseen force that repels him.
78) 0) text: Uryens and Morgana take their places near the altar. Arth and Guenevere kneel before the Bishop, and Arthur takes h hand. The clatter of armor mingles with the enthusiastic, happy singing of the children, and seems to strengthen th song.
80) 0) text: Arthur and Guenevere are radiant with joy, and Lancelot b them mirrors the ceremony of their joining in his armor; the sweet voices of the children fill the chapel as the B pours the wine into the chalice, and lifts it up before h blessing it. He turns to the royal couple.
83) 4) text: Lancelot smiles to himself, hesitation, lingering before great gate of Camelot. There is a walkway suspended in the trees above, that als leads to the castle, and promenading on it is a group of  women, Guenevere and her ladies-in-waiting. The Queen see Lancelot and hastens toward him. Lancelot sees her, and mounts his horse and heads back in the forest. She stops, somewhat ahead of the ladies, and  watches wistfully. Lancelot turns back and seeing her one last time, draws d his visor and spurs his horse into a canter. He passes two commoners who are heading for the castle, o fat and the other thin, and they are locked in hot disput Their wives keep them from coming to blows and their chil spur them on, enjoying the excitement. Lancelot is swallowed by the forest.
84) 0) text: Guenevere, bearing a bowl of perfect, deep red apples,  approaches the Round Table, where Arthur sits and Merlin his side, attending to the affairs of the kingdom. Quite few of the knights occupy their seats, talking with each  other, drinking and laughing, attended by ladies and page Guenevere places the apples at Lancelot's empty place and takes her seat next to Arthur. In the archways that lead into the hall, petitioners wait eating, drinking, talking among themselves. In the din, n one pays attention to the vehement arguing of the fat man and the thin man, which continues even here. The hall is burgeoning, happy center of the kingdom. But Merlin is oblivious to the lively clamor. He gazes li a lovesick puppy across the table at Morgana, who bends o whispering to a knight at the table, the young Sir Gahalt while his older brother Sir Gawain listens. Morgana notic Merlin's stare and smiles at him, and then resumes her  flirtation with Sir Gahalt, much to Merlin's annoyance. Sir Kay ushers the thin man and the fat man into the open space at the center of the table for their audience with king. They quarrel even as Kay tries to present them, and the attention of the hall gradually focuses on them. The two men talk at once, interrupting, overlapping. FAT MAN
85) 29) dialog: (lashing out) What is it you would have your words  mean, Sir Gahalt?
85) 30) text: Frightened, Gahalt doesn't answer. Morgana has slipped to Guenevere's side.
85) 34) dialog: No. I meant not to be angry with  you, Sir Gahalt. In the idleness  that comes with peace gossip has  bread its own evil. You merely repeat  it. Please, sir, have one of those  apples that Lancelot loves, and in  that gesture partake of its goodness.
85) 35) text: Morgana picks the bowl up and as she does so, unseen by a and with a magician's dexterity, she thrusts her fingerna deep into the top apple. She gives the bowl to Guenevere, who takes it and sweeps around to where Sir Gahalt sits,  followed by Morgana. The young knight jumps to his feet.
85) 36) dialog: Take one, Sir Gahalt.
85) 38) text: He is too shy to take the shiniest, most beautiful apple top, and goes for another one. Morgana giggles, and he lo at her. She looks at the apple on top and then smiles  encouragingly at him. Sir Gahalt takes it and starts eati as the Queen returns to her seat. With the third bite his is unable to breathe. His face go red and he rises to his feet, attempting to call out. He falls, dying immediately. All leap to their feet, and  Arthur rushes to the young knight. Merlin is asleep and f from human affairs. Arthur and Sir Gawain rise from the body of the young kni Sir Gawain backs away from Arthur and points at Guenevere trembling with cold rage.
85) 40) text: Guenevere, white and with a broken voice, turns to Arthur
85) 41) dialog: I didn't... I am innocent.
85) 46) dialog: Not you, my husband?
85) 50) text: No one responds. Guenevere falls into her seat. Arthur  searches the eyes of his knights and they evade him.
85) 56) text: He is overwhelmed by his own boldness. He looks around. A eyes are upon him. Guenevere smiles at him, sadly.
85) 57) dialog: I thank you, but you are not yet a  knight.
87) 0) text: Arthur stands hunched over the fireplace, staring into th flames. Guenevere paces back and forth to a window.
87) 1) dialog: Why can't you be my champion?
87) 3) dialog: And you cannot love me...
87) 5) dialog: And if he cannot be found, no other  knight will champion me, though you  beseeched each and every one of them.  Why be king if there is no one you  can call loyal subject but an eager  boy?
88) 0) text: She cries softly, and she whispers the name of the great  knight. EXT. EDGE OF THE FOREST, WALLS OF CAMELOT - NIGHT. A mounted knight stands motionless at the edge of the for his armor gleaming with dark lustre. It is Lancelot. His  eyes are raised to the high window, where he sees Gueneve He watches her in silence. In the high window Guenevere d the curtain and Lancelot reins back into the forest.
90) 0) text: The Bishop blesses the field. Guenevere, numb and  disbelieving, is being led to the stake, which rises from bed of straw and wood. Arthur watches, in shock. Other kn and ladies keep their distance, watching darkly, stealing glances at Arthur, mumbling disapproval of his refusing t defend Guenevere. In battle dress, Sir Gawain rides up an down the jousting run on a snorting and powerful horse,  practicing. Perceval, in a mail doublet, waits beside a m roan, his face burning with anxiety. Guenevere is tied to the stake. All eyes watch for the  approach of her champion. Arthur goes to Perceval.
91) 0) text: The sun has risen shining cruelly into Guenevere's eyes; queen is alone at the stake. Sir Gawain rides up to King  Arthur, who waits alone, separated from the others.
91) 7) text: Arthur is in anguish. He searches the tree line for a sig of Lancelot. He looks from Guenevere at the stake to his knights watching him. He draws Excalibur. A gasp goes thr the crowd of onlookers.
91) 12) text: Gawain shakes his head disdainfully as Perceval mounts ba into the saddle, his eyes burning with fervor. Sir Gawain and Perceval ride to opposite ends of the fiel The spectators fall silent, all staring blankly, their se dulled by the tragedy, at the uneven combatants. A cry goes up. Lancelot rides out of the forest. He rides to the King and salutes him. Arthur smiles at his old fri tears of joy in his eyes. Lancelot bows toward Guenevere rides on to where Perceval waits. Lancelot reaches out to touch Perceval's cheek.
93) 0) text: Eyes closed, Lancelot lies on a bed, naked but for a clot across his loins. His minor wounds have been dressed, and Merlin is kneading the huge gash in his stomach, working severed flesh together. Guenevere stands on one side of t bed, Arthur on the other, both looking down upon Lancelot relieved and not daring to look at each other.
93) 2) text: Guenevere kneels, and at her touch Lancelot's eyes flicke open. Merlin exits, and draws Arthur away with him. Arthur is deeply tormented.
94) 0) text: Lancelot is staring into Guenevere's eyes. She opens her  shift, baring a breast with the innocence of a mother  preparing to suckle a child. She presses her breast to hi wound, her face to his chest, her arms enfolding him. She whispers.
94) 1) dialog: Flesh on flesh. I will heal you.
95) 3) text: Guenevere cannot tear her eyes from Lancelot. He avoids h look. Arthur looks from Guenevere to Lancelot, and speaks softly to him, across her, and with stabbing directness.
95) 10) text: Merlin looks from Arthur to Guenevere to Lancelot to Arth
95) 12) text: An uneasy silence falls upon the feast. Guenevere and Lan cannot look at each other, and Arthur feels it. Lancelot  jumps to his feet.
95) 14) text: Guenevere stifles her dismay.
95) 19) text: The exchange has become closely intimate, even though the stand apart and speak before everyone in the large hall.  Lancelot leaves. Only Guenevere cannot watch.
97) 0) text: A horse and rider tear through the thick undergrowth. It Guenevere. The forest races past her as she gallops towar the glade, brambles tearing at her flesh and clothes.
98) 0) text: Lancelot gets to his feet, tense. Guenevere dismounts and approaches. She is flushed and breathless from the wild r Her horse, left free, wanders over to his and grazes besi it.
98) 4) dialog: Love demands it.
98) 7) dialog: --Nothing!
101) 0) text: Only Nature will ever see their love; the creatures of th air, tree and ground witness the final reality of their  passion and sense its unfathomable depths, singing of it a hundred languages. Lancelot and Guenevere are naked and interlocked, one being, suspended in the darkness in the of the forest.
103) 0) text: All passion spent, locked in each other's arms, Lancelot Guenevere drift off into sleep. Arthur comes upon them. He stands over them. He draws  Excalibur. Checking all emotion, he holds it above his he The ancient steel glows darkly. The lovers faces are serene and innocently beautiful. He  hesitates, tormented. His mask of anguish gives way to  determination and calm. He strikes the sword home, lettin go of it. He backs away, turns and disappears into the forest.
104) 0) text: The sky is red; so is the steel of Excalibur. Lancelot aw and starts at what he sees. His cry stirs Guenevere. They are horrified to see Excalibur impaled in the ground betw their entwined bodies. It has pierced their union without grazing their flesh. They leap up and back away, unable t speak at first.
104) 2) dialog: He has given up.
104) 5) dialog: We are to blame.
104) 6) text: Lancelot stumbles into the forest, berserk with guilt. He rages against a small tree, crying out, and he rips its r from the ground, the terrible tearing and renting the sym of his own inner torment. Guenevere sinks to the ground next to Lancelot's empty ar and his abandoned sword.
110) 10) text: Arthur's eyes brim with tears. Morgana weeps, embracing h knees. He rests his hand gently upon her head, choked wit remembrance, soothing her. But as she weeps, she incants charm. Arthur looks down upon her, and the woman who looks up at him is Guenevere, a Guenevere with cold ice eyes. He is m weak by desire and weakened further by magic. He holds he face adoringly.
110) 12) dialog: --Don't speak. A thousand words, a  hundred thousand words, would only  be prologue to the truth that must  be. That you, King, and I, your Queen,  beget a son to bond our love and to  strengthen our weak kingdom with a  successor. Come, my lord...
110) 13) text: She draws him to the floor and upon her body, holding him tightly to himself. Arthur trembles with excitement, path in his desperate passion. As he takes her, she shudders, losing control of the char and her features change till once again "Guenevere" is  Morgana. She holds him in a tight embrace so that he may see her. She whispers in his ear.
139) 3) dialog: I loved you much, as King, and  sometimes as husband, but one cannot  gaze too long at the sun in the sky.
139) 5) dialog: I have kept it.