3) 2) text: The Duke rises and goes to his wife, be-striding the cent of the hall and Igrayne weaves circles of dance around hi He gloats with pride. The words escape his lips:
3) 8) text: Uther is not one for politics, and Lot's words sail past  him. The King lusts for Igrayne. A bell is struck not far away. The music ceases and the h falls silent. The great door creaks open, revealing the d light, and a monk steps into the hall and waits by it. Mu by corridors of stone, a choir of monks can now be heard  singing the high, ecstatic harmonies of the Te Deum. Thos who have fallen asleep at the table are roused, those dru helped up.
4) 0) text: The monk leads the party down the hallway of the castle.  Thin shafts of dawnlight filter through archers' slits in the thick walls onto stone floors. Otherwise, it is dark. Each person, lady and knight, proceeds alone, head bent,  some crossing themselves. Uther is among them. He stops in a dark alcove, breathing heavily, waiting. As the lovely Igrayne drifts past him, he pulls her out o sight of the others. In a shaft of pale light Uther clasps Igrayne to his  breastplate, his iron arm wrapped around her frail body. violent is his embrace that she cannot breathe, her mouth wide with fear, and her feet do not touch the ground; an  impaled butterfly.
4) 3) dialog: (a fierce whisper) I want no other crown and no other  bed than those I have.
4) 4) text: Her gown and her fragile skin torn on the spikes of his a Igrayne backs away and joins the procession. Uther trembles with unreleased passion.
5) 0) text: Igrayne enters the candlelit chapel from which issues the chant, calling the castle to worship. She rushes to her  husband's side, kneeling next to him and whispering. The  Duke of Cornwall looks back at Uther, hatred in his eyes.
16) 2) text: Igrayne is soon at her side, lifting the child from the b holding her tight.
18) 0) text: The 'Duke' stands in the doorway. Igrayne herself is  surprised.
18) 1) dialog: Look, here is your father. It was  just a dream, little one.
18) 3) text: Igrayne kisses Morgana, tucks her in and returns to her o room, closing the door. The child doesn't know whether to believe the truth of the dream or the waking truth.
19) 0) text: In full armor, the 'Duke' bears down on the naked Igrayne her marriage bed. She stares at him, wondering. But his e are closed, and finally he carries her in his wild passio her white limbs tangling around the lustre of his armor.
21) 0) text: His lieutenants deposit the Duke of Cornwall's bloodless  body upon the long table. His eyes are wide open, icy and cunning even in death. The ladies of the castle support a comfort the grief-stricken Igrayne as she approaches the  body of her husband. Morgana hangs onto her mother's gown
21) 1) dialog: When did it happen? Where?
21) 3) dialog: It can't be. He came to me, to his  bed, last night.
21) 5) dialog: His spirit?
21) 6) text: Pale with grief, Igrayne stares at her dead husband in  silence. Then her hand drifts to her stomach. When she talks again undone and resolved, it is to all and herself:
21) 7) dialog: Tintagel Castle falls to Uther. But  what shall become of me, and the  child I bear?
23) 0) text: Uther strides to Igrayne's bedchamber, his warrior knight following. He is dirty and his iron dress is blood-spatte
24) 2) text: The ladies slip past him to the door, and he goes up to  Igrayne.
24) 4) text: Terrified of him, Igrayne faces him the best she can.
24) 5) dialog: A boy, sir. Rest yourself.
24) 8) dialog: She is just a child -
24) 10) text: Igrayne draws the child to her and kisses her cheek.
24) 11) dialog: (whispering) Go now. Come back later.
24) 17) dialog: The night he died, a man loved me  with great fierceness. He looked  like my husband, spoke like, smelled  like, felt like my own husband. But  it was not he, for he was already  dead. It wasn't his spirit, for this  child, who was conceived that night,  is flesh and blood. I know nothing  more.
24) 19) dialog: No--
24) 20) text: But he uses it before Igrayne can move. He severs the lea thongs that bind the iron breastplate to his chest. He ca it to the floor. His chest is smooth and milk-white in  striking contrast to his creased, weathered face. And bea he holds the baby to it.
24) 22) text: Igrayne's hatred for the man is at the very edge of becom love. The baby starts to cry.
24) 24) text: And his free hand opens her shift, and he holds a swollen breast in his gloved hand, squeezing gently. Milk bubbles from it and he thrusts the baby's mouth onto it. Igrayne weeps and Uther watches proudly as the baby suckl Merlin advances from the window, his cape the same irides green-black as the feathers of the crows that were perche by the window.
24) 31) text: Uther is shaken to his roots. Igrayne watches, trying to  understand.
24) 34) dialog: Uther, is it true? Don't let him  take the child.
24) 36) text: Igrayne suddenly understands. She glares at Uther.
24) 37) dialog: It was you? You came to me that night.  You are the father.
24) 47) dialog: WHY?... Why must he have the baby?
25) 0) text: As Merlin walks through the castle, the baby crying in hi arms, the knights and ladies step back, afraid to interve in royal matters. INT. HALL, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT. Merlin comes across the empty banquet hall, cooing to the baby, strangely pacifying him. Morgana steps out of the  shadows in his path, and Merlin stops at the sight of the little girl, her pale eyes glaring at him. She speaks haltingly and clearly while far-off Igrayne cr out her distress.