37) 0) text: At the edge of the jousting ground Sir Ector's son Sir Ka is getting ready for a bout. His brother Arthur is buckli the new armor while his father fusses about him, making s adjustments when he notices that Kay's scabbard is empty. turns to Arthur and grab's him by the ear.
41) 0) text: Sir Ector and Sir Kay are waiting.
41) 1) dialog: Father, I'll go and see what's keeping  him.
43) 0) text: He bumps into Kay.
43) 2) text: Kay takes it. He cannot believe what he's holding in his  hands. He starts to talk but he is so agitated he can onl stutter.
44) 0) text: Kay, with Arthur in tow, rushes to Sir Ector and shows hi the sword; he trembles with excitement.
44) 1) dialog: Look, Father. Excalibur. Does that  mean that I am to be king?
44) 4) dialog: I... did, Father.
44) 7) text: With Excalibur in hand Ector of Morven heads for the ston Kay following, and Arthur too, the boy flushed with excit but a little worried, not understanding what is happening The exchange between Sir Ector and Sir Kay has been overh Some have seen the sword in Sir Ector's hand. Rumor sprea like wildfire.
45) 2) text: Sir Kay grabs the hilt and pulls without conviction, and sword doesn't give. Eyes downcast, he lets go.
45) 3) dialog: Sir, I didn't draw the sword. Arthur  gave it to me.
45) 18) text: The boy hesitates shyly, and then takes the hilt of Excal and pulls out the sword with a great sweep. The throng is stunned. Silence falls. Some kneel, followi the example of Sir Ector and Sir Kay, of the Bishop and  Leondegrance. The other nobles stay back, confused, afrai angered. Arthur stands there, little more than a boy, his cheeks  flushed, his soft hair ruffled by the wind, his eyes shin with exultation, awe, and fear. Then, as if gaining confi from the sword itself, he turns it in arcs above his head
63) 0) text: War tents have been pitched beneath the majestic trees. N the banner of the Dragon a doe grazes. Arthur is older, i battle-scarred plate armor, pacing and angry. He is watch by his wounded and bruised knights--Kay, Uryens, Lot,  Leondegrance, Caradoc, and some new young faces among the ranks. No one talks. The harsh clank of its battle trappings announces the arr of a horse. All eyes watch it walk into the camp. A knigh is slouched in the saddle. Arthur runs to meet the horse, followed by squires and so of the knights. He eases the rider to the ground, unlaces his helmet. It Sir Ector, and his hauberk is badly dented. Tears burn in Arthur's eyes.
63) 3) text: He pushes past the knights and goes to his horse. Kay ste in front of him.
63) 4) dialog: A king must not engage in single  contest. I'll go again.
76) 0) text: A chorus of children sings. The Bishop waits at the altar with his friars and altar boys. Cornucopias overflowing w vegetables and wildflowers adorn the church, which glows  with the light of a thousand candles. Sir Kay is satisfie He comes back up the petal-strewn aisle.
77) 0) text: Arthur and Guenevere are ushered in by Kay. They are flan by Leondegrance and Sir Ector. Lancelot and Merlin follow leading the cortege of knights and ladies. Merlin is incapable of entering the chapel, as if at the  threshold there is an unseen force that repels him.
83) 0) text: Perceval cannot believe his eyes. As Lancelot and Kay tal about him out of earshot, he sees things that he's never  seen before; and he gapes like the country bumpkin that h is. Dragon-like kites sweep low, maneuvered by children. In a meadow among the trees, knights hone their skills with la and sword, and ladies watch and their "bright eyes rain  influence and judge the prize." And then, there is Camelo itself; the great gate and the drawbridge; the massive wa and the soaring towers and spires above. Perceval rushes up to Lancelot and Kay.
83) 2) text: Kay is not at all pleased; nonetheless he takes the boy b the ear and leads him across the drawbridge and into the  castle.
83) 3) dialog: Kitchen knives and greasy spits will  be your weapons, boy.
84) 0) text: Guenevere, bearing a bowl of perfect, deep red apples,  approaches the Round Table, where Arthur sits and Merlin his side, attending to the affairs of the kingdom. Quite few of the knights occupy their seats, talking with each  other, drinking and laughing, attended by ladies and page Guenevere places the apples at Lancelot's empty place and takes her seat next to Arthur. In the archways that lead into the hall, petitioners wait eating, drinking, talking among themselves. In the din, n one pays attention to the vehement arguing of the fat man and the thin man, which continues even here. The hall is burgeoning, happy center of the kingdom. But Merlin is oblivious to the lively clamor. He gazes li a lovesick puppy across the table at Morgana, who bends o whispering to a knight at the table, the young Sir Gahalt while his older brother Sir Gawain listens. Morgana notic Merlin's stare and smiles at him, and then resumes her  flirtation with Sir Gahalt, much to Merlin's annoyance. Sir Kay ushers the thin man and the fat man into the open space at the center of the table for their audience with king. They quarrel even as Kay tries to present them, and the attention of the hall gradually focuses on them. The two men talk at once, interrupting, overlapping. FAT MAN
84) 9) text: The Thin Man is crestfallen, the smile gone from his face He reluctantly hands the coins to Kay, who gives them to  Arthur. Arthur tosses them in the air and lets them fall a metal plate. He hands them back to the Thin Man, who is totally confused now, as is everybody else.
84) 11) text: The knights roar with laughter and the Fat Man and the Th Man look at each other in astonishment. Perceval lets out raucous laugh that wins him a glance of disapproval from  Kay.
100) 0) text: Arthur and Sir Kay gallop through the forest, silently. I is not a dream.  Their armor and the hooves of their hors are muffled with pieces of cloth.
107) 0) text: Surrounded by forest, the spires and battlements of Camel rise under black storm clouds. Arthur and Kay ride back t the castle.
115) 4) text: Perceval, Kay and a few others draw their swords and touc their lips to the blades in oath. Sunbeams splash off the armor.
115) 12) text: Arthur and Kay watch the knights file out till the hall i empty, the harsh song of their armor growing distant.
126) 0) text: Dead knights lay on biers. The once glorious seat of powe is falling into decay. Few are in attendance around the t Agitated, Kay enters and goes to Arthur, who is worn and  haggard, and aged.
126) 1) dialog: Your son Mordred is at the gate.
126) 4) dialog: Don't recognize him. You were trapped  by Morgana's sorcery.
127) 0) text: The drawbridge lowers slowly, and Arthur moves away from and the other knights, and advances across it. Rooks wheel over the dead trees of the forest that surrou Camelot. A group of armed men waits at the edge of the fo One steps forward, a huge knight in black armor, the meta defining and exaggerating the powerful musculature of his body. He is Mordred, a young man of eighteen, and of  extraordinary beauty. A page follows ten steps behind him bearing an enormous spear, its points hooded. Arthur stop at the edge of the drawbridge, the huge knight a few step from him. Kay, ready for anything, moves halfway across t drawbridge. Mordred kneels on one knee.
135) 2) text: Sir Kay stands by the vast fireplace where a small fire b and only now looks up and is aware of Perceval.
135) 3) dialog: Perceval, you have returned!
141) 0) text: Excalibur gleams in the sunlight. Arthur holds it high, a the head of a small force of knights under the banner of Dragons. Kay and Perceval ride at his side. Plumed helmet shields blazing with armorial colors, pennants flying in clean wind from their lances; it is a brave sight. The tr are in blossom and dandelion fluff billows up at their  passage.
149) 0) text: Arthur shakes Kay awake, and as the faithful knight comes out of a deep sleep, he clutches Arthur's arm.
149) 1) dialog: Merlin, will I live...? (he shakes away the  dream) ...I was dreaming...
149) 3) dialog: Yes. He spoke to me. He said I would  fight bravely tomorrow. I have never  dreamed of Merlin before.
160) 0) text: Arthur, with Kay and Perceval, canters through the white  fog. They are flanked by a phalanx of knights in silver a
160) 2) text: Kay draws his sword in salute, elated.
160) 6) text: Ahead, the horrible din of joined battle. In the swirling fog, clash of arms follows clash of arms. There is confusion, for each knight is unable to see if h is fighting friend or foe until they are upon each other. The battle becomes a series of vicious duels, a knight in silver armor against a knight in black-burnished armor, j glimpsed in the fog that is alive with the clang of sword shield, the pounding of hooves, the cries of the dying. Squires drag away their wounded knights, their young face pale at the sight of the carnage. Kay is unhorsed but picks himself up and mounts a riderle horse, rejoining the combat although he is bleeding.
161) 2) text: Kay is glimpsed fighting on foot, hurt, barely holding hi own, but then the sight is hidden in the fog. Kay overcomes his opponent and stops to catch his breath. is amazed by what he sees. A knight, in old, battle-scarr armor whose pieces don't match, cuts down the knights in  black in foray after foray, wheeling and turning in a  brilliant and ruthless spectacle of martial arts. He figh without a shield, a lance in his left hand and sword in h right. Kay moves away in search of Arthur. Arthur and Perceval watch the lone knight meting out deat with such terrible beauty, weaving in and out of the fog.
161) 3) dialog: He can be no other.
161) 7) dialog: I will join him.
161) 8) text: Kay rises onto a fresh horse and gallops away.
162) 0) text: Arthur and Perceval ride alone, the accompanying knights  gone, the dying and the dead and the crazed horses all ar them. Squires are carrying Kay upon his shield. He is dead. Art leaps to the ground and reaches out to touch his face, an closes his eyes. He stifles his tears.