36) 0) text: The victor, Leondegrance, rides up to the stone and dismo Each great knight with his coterie of lesser knights come to watch. A charge of expectation is in the air, although most knights are glowering with envy. Leondegrance of Camelyarde ascends to the sword, grabs it the hilt, and begins to tug with all his might. Excalibur immovable. The moment of tension passes. Leondegrance sta toward his waiting squires, who lead him away. All the ot return to the battle sport.
45) 10) text: Arthur is about to grasp the hilt when Uryens and Lot, an other nobles, Leondegrance of Camelyarde, and Sir Caradoc and Sir Turquine among the younger, stride up.
45) 13) text: Uryens, Lot, Leondegrance, Caradoc, Turquine - each in tu grapples with the sword, only to be defeated by its  immobility. The crowd around the stone is thickening with common folk.
45) 18) text: The boy hesitates shyly, and then takes the hilt of Excal and pulls out the sword with a great sweep. The throng is stunned. Silence falls. Some kneel, followi the example of Sir Ector and Sir Kay, of the Bishop and  Leondegrance. The other nobles stay back, confused, afrai angered. Arthur stands there, little more than a boy, his cheeks  flushed, his soft hair ruffled by the wind, his eyes shin with exultation, awe, and fear. Then, as if gaining confi from the sword itself, he turns it in arcs above his head
45) 39) dialog: No. I, Leondegrance, Lord of  Camelyarde, saw the drawing of Uther's  sword, and witnessed no trickery. If  a boy has been chosen, a boy shall  be king.
51) 0) text: Leondegrance, Lord of Camelyarde, is shocked by what he s in the distance. His daughter Guenevere, a beautiful girl sixteen, draws close to him, terrified. With his survivin knights, Leondegrance is making his last stand. The walls have been breached, parts of the castle are burning.
52) 0) text: A bellowing dragon advances. Its eyes burn, its scales gl from light shining from within. It snorts fire from its  nostrils. Uryens and Lot, Caradoc and Turquine, the great knights i command of the siege of Leondegrance's castle, back away  speechless as the monster descends upon their unprepared camp. All around them, squires and lesser knights flee in panic and confusion. Only a dozen or so remain with their leaders. The group b up against the swampy moat that surrounds the castle, wai with swords drawn. The dragon moves closer, and now it becomes apparent that is nothing more than a force of knights and footmen. Thei shields glinting in the moonlight are the dragon's scales torches its burning eyes. And the snorting flames from it nostrils are only Merlin doing a fire-eater's trick. The dragon form dissolves, and a banner rises bearing the emblem of the Dragon, and under it, Arthur and Ector and lead a charge of twenty knights. In Arthur's hands, Excalibur leaves an electric glow upon the air.
53) 2) dialog: It is. I will fight my way to his  side.
54) 3) text: Arthur and his men have been joined by Leondegrance and h knights, few in number.
60) 8) text: Arthur rises and Uryens kneels and kisses his hands. Sir  Ector turns away to hide brimming tears. Merlin pushes th finally, out of breath. Uryens embraces Leondegrance whil Lot and the other enemy knights kneel in turn and kiss  Arthur's hands.
63) 0) text: War tents have been pitched beneath the majestic trees. N the banner of the Dragon a doe grazes. Arthur is older, i battle-scarred plate armor, pacing and angry. He is watch by his wounded and bruised knights--Kay, Uryens, Lot,  Leondegrance, Caradoc, and some new young faces among the ranks. No one talks. The harsh clank of its battle trappings announces the arr of a horse. All eyes watch it walk into the camp. A knigh is slouched in the saddle. Arthur runs to meet the horse, followed by squires and so of the knights. He eases the rider to the ground, unlaces his helmet. It Sir Ector, and his hauberk is badly dented. Tears burn in Arthur's eyes.
66) 26) text: Another bout of cheers goes up, and Arthur stops before  Leondegrance, resting his hand on the old knight's should
66) 28) text: Leondegrance's eyes fill with tears of joy. A roar of che Arthur draws the sword of power.
77) 0) text: Arthur and Guenevere are ushered in by Kay. They are flan by Leondegrance and Sir Ector. Lancelot and Merlin follow leading the cortege of knights and ladies. Merlin is incapable of entering the chapel, as if at the  threshold there is an unseen force that repels him.