2) 0) text: Waiting on one bank of a small river that flows through t forest is a warlord, the Duke of Cornwall. He is flanked his armored warriors. Lot of Lowthean prominent among the They are battle-weary and bloodied, but they look ready t fight. Behind them is an army of lesser knights. To the opposite bank come Uther and Merlin, a much smalle force of knights, including Uryens, Lord of Gore, surroun them.
3) 4) text: Lot spins to face him.
3) 5) dialog: What? You're mad! What about the  alliance?
3) 7) dialog: And risk all you've won? This castle  commands the sea gate to the kingdom.
3) 8) text: Uther is not one for politics, and Lot's words sail past  him. The King lusts for Igrayne. A bell is struck not far away. The music ceases and the h falls silent. The great door creaks open, revealing the d light, and a monk steps into the hall and waits by it. Mu by corridors of stone, a choir of monks can now be heard  singing the high, ecstatic harmonies of the Te Deum. Thos who have fallen asleep at the table are roused, those dru helped up.
26) 0) text: The forest is dark and shiny with rain. An unseen battle  rages. The first combatant in sight is Uther, who swings the mig Excalibur, cutting an attacker in half at the waist. Uthe and a small force of knights, Ulfius among them, are  retreating through the slippery wet forest, completely  outnumbered. Lord Lot of Lowthean and Lord Uryens of Gore are the lead of the attack.
30) 1) dialog: Let me.
32) 0) text: Sir Lot leading another group of mounted knights comes  galloping into a small hamlet, panicked chickens and pigs scattering at their approach. The farmers run for their l as the steel men dismount, leading their horses to water hay, and searching for vittles. A knight spots a woman wh stands frozen with fear, and he drags her into the barn a her crying child watches.
45) 10) text: Arthur is about to grasp the hilt when Uryens and Lot, an other nobles, Leondegrance of Camelyarde, and Sir Caradoc and Sir Turquine among the younger, stride up.
45) 12) dialog: We will try again.
45) 13) text: Uryens, Lot, Leondegrance, Caradoc, Turquine - each in tu grapples with the sword, only to be defeated by its  immobility. The crowd around the stone is thickening with common folk.
45) 20) text: The commoners and some of the knights react with roaring  enthusiasm. The others draw closer to Uryens and Lot and  their supporters, closing ranks around them.
45) 36) dialog: Merlin, we haven't forgotten you.  This is more of your trickery.
45) 38) dialog: Lord Leondegrance, join us against  the boy. Surely you can see he is  only Merlin's tool.
47) 0) text: Uryens and Lot, and Caradoc, Turquine, and the other lord have mounted, and are moving out, when from the rear guar bowman in Lot's service draws upon the unarmored figure o Arthur across the cheering crowd. The bowman lets the arr fly. It flies over the heads of the crowd, unseen. Except by Merlin at Arthur's side. He extends his arms ha up, his fists clenched tightly as if drawing urgently on power within himself. The sound of wings is heard as he f his arms. The arrow flies toward Arthur. Arthur sees the arrow coming right at him, when a swoopin crow plucks it out of the air. Arthur watches the crow flapping its wings, climbing swif the arrow in its beak, disappearing over the forest. Only has noticed. When he turns Merlin is no longer at his side; to the  puzzlement of all. And Arthur is all of a sudden terribly alone and afraid, as people from all sides clamor for his attention and guidance.
52) 0) text: A bellowing dragon advances. Its eyes burn, its scales gl from light shining from within. It snorts fire from its  nostrils. Uryens and Lot, Caradoc and Turquine, the great knights i command of the siege of Leondegrance's castle, back away  speechless as the monster descends upon their unprepared camp. All around them, squires and lesser knights flee in panic and confusion. Only a dozen or so remain with their leaders. The group b up against the swampy moat that surrounds the castle, wai with swords drawn. The dragon moves closer, and now it becomes apparent that is nothing more than a force of knights and footmen. Thei shields glinting in the moonlight are the dragon's scales torches its burning eyes. And the snorting flames from it nostrils are only Merlin doing a fire-eater's trick. The dragon form dissolves, and a banner rises bearing the emblem of the Dragon, and under it, Arthur and Ector and lead a charge of twenty knights. In Arthur's hands, Excalibur leaves an electric glow upon the air.
54) 0) text: Arthur and his men charge into the enemy ranks. Lot's and Uryens' people are pushed into the moat. Although the wat is only waist-deep, the fallen, weighed down by their arm drown. The horses of the attackers are brought down, Arth among them. He pulls out from under it, limping. Bleeding form wounds, cutting, slashing, thrusting, he falls back  from the havoc of the charge. A small distance exists now between the foes, a brief res Uryens and Lot, exhausted, bleeding, and fierce in their  rage:
54) 2) dialog: It's Merlin's trickery, nothing more.  I won't swear faith to that wizard's  brat.
58) 0) text: Arthur fights like a wounded lion at the center of the sa melee of sword and shield, and once again the two sides f apart. Uryens and Lot are standing in the moat among the bodies their men, are reduced to eleven knights, all wounded. Arthur is flanked by twenty men at arms, most of them wou and trembling now beyond exhaustion with blood lust. Arth steps forward alone, and addresses his opponents.
58) 8) text: Arthur, kneeling, bows his head and Uryens steps up to hi his features set. He accepts the sword. Lot watches, a ma hope dancing in his eyes.
60) 8) text: Arthur rises and Uryens kneels and kisses his hands. Sir  Ector turns away to hide brimming tears. Merlin pushes th finally, out of breath. Uryens embraces Leondegrance whil Lot and the other enemy knights kneel in turn and kiss  Arthur's hands.
63) 0) text: War tents have been pitched beneath the majestic trees. N the banner of the Dragon a doe grazes. Arthur is older, i battle-scarred plate armor, pacing and angry. He is watch by his wounded and bruised knights--Kay, Uryens, Lot,  Leondegrance, Caradoc, and some new young faces among the ranks. No one talks. The harsh clank of its battle trappings announces the arr of a horse. All eyes watch it walk into the camp. A knigh is slouched in the saddle. Arthur runs to meet the horse, followed by squires and so of the knights. He eases the rider to the ground, unlaces his helmet. It Sir Ector, and his hauberk is badly dented. Tears burn in Arthur's eyes.
65) 0) text: A waterfall cascades into a pool. The spray casts a rainb Beneath it is a colorful confusion of flowers and budding trees, a place dreamlike in its beauty. Arthur, with Merlin behind, gallops along the edge of the pool. The trail widens into a field of grass. Arthur rein beside a pile of broken lances and twisted shields. Acros the field, pitched upon the trail is a war tent made of  diaphanous white silk, a sky blue banner above it. Merlin slides off and Arthur continues. From the tent, a knight with jousting lance rides forward meet him. His armor is so shiny it is a mirror. His eyes, seen through the open visor, seem to laugh. His speech is foreign, from across the sea. He is Lancelot of the Lake.
65) 12) text: Arthur wheels away, trembling with anger, and gallops to edge of the field. He sees that Lancelot has already  positioned himself and is waiting, lance down. Merlin watches, a spectator, as the two charge at each ot They collide with great force, their spears shattering. A is jolted but stays in the saddle. Lancelot's jousting is impeccable. Arthur draws Excalibur.
65) 16) text: Arthur grabs the spear from the page's hands, and circles back to work the horse up into an all-out gallop. Lancelo spurs forward to meet him. Arthur is neatly unhorsed. He  picks himself up from the ground in a rage, drawing Excal Lancelot on his horse weaves circles around him.
65) 19) text: Arthur charges Lancelot, a raging bull, but cuts and slas only at the air as Lancelot stays clear of him.
65) 22) text: He dismounts and draws his sword, and they clash. Shield sword and armor against shield and sword and armor. The  swordplay is furious, Arthur attacking, slashing, hacking Lancelot parrying effortlessly, elegantly defensive. Arth breaks the onslaught to catch his breath. Lancelot lifts visor. His eyes are calm, laughing.
65) 26) text: Arthur goes forward attacking with terrible blows upon  Lancelot's shield, and Lancelot holds his ground, shield  high. And in its mirror-like metal Arthur can see his own reflection, a face distorted by uncontrolled passion. Arthur discards his own shield, grabs Excalibur with both hands, and with a frightening shout that speaks of all hi rage, he swings a terrific blow upon the shield, cutting  through his own reflection and the metal. And Excalibur s in two. A blinding blue-green light explodes from the broken swor Lancelot, knocked back by the force of the blow, is stunn by the blast and falls to the ground unconscious. Arthur  backs away, horrified, half of Excalibur in his hand.
65) 41) text: And he laughs. Just then Lancelot stirs. Arthur rushes to his side. He  loosens his helmet and removes it, uncovering damp curls. The young knight's eyes open, and his laughing charm once more animates his face.
65) 52) text: Lancelot draws his sword, holding it by the blade, a cruc
66) 0) text: Converging from different directions parties of mounted  knights enter the war camp. Lancelot among them. They  dismount, battle-weary and burning with the excitement of victory. They quench their huge thirst from buckets carri by squires. They rip off hunks of meat from carcasses siz on spits over a roaring fire. And they join the throng of knights, where stories of deeds of arms of the day are  enthusiastically exchanged. A great number of knights are packed tightly around King  Arthur, each man anxious to tell of his victories. One of them has the King's attention.
66) 2) text: Arthur sees Lancelot in the throng and moves toward him.  Merlin follows Arthur and is pushed and knocked around in the crush of spikes and iron. The only unarmored man in t crowd, he glares at the excited knights irritably.
66) 9) dialog: We drove the invaders into the sea.
66) 30) text: Lancelot is drawn in by the King's enthusiasm. He unsheat his sword and swoops it low in salute.
66) 32) text: In quick succession all knights draw their swords, follow Lancelot's example. Merlin struggles to put out the flame on his staff. He fi does it by smothering it with earth. When he looks up aga he sees the knights galloping off in all directions.
68) 0) text: The knight is Lancelot, in his mirror-like armor. He ride into the cluster of houses and barns that make up the far There are other armored men there, around a cart half-loa with loot. They smile nervously at Lancelot. The farmers blank with fear. Lancelot stops in the middle of the yard. A knight among armored men comes forward.
68) 3) text: And he also acknowledges with a nod the ashen-faced patri of the community. Lancelot spurs his horse on, and the knight sighs with re But then he reins his horse to a stop. He has sensed  something. He turns his head, his hooded eyes on the knig and his men, and they squirm inwardly.
70) 0) text: Lancelot, listening, watching.
72) 0) text: Lancelot, immobile. Behind him, the knight, his face shin with sweat. His minions inch forward, hands moving slowly toward sword hilts. Lancelot wheels his horse around.
72) 2) text: With a shout the knight and his men draw their swords and rush Lancelot. He reins in his horse, causing it to rear break their attack. He slides off, falling on his feet wi sword drawn, already fighting. In an extraordinary show o sword play he cuts down six men.
73) 0) text: Hearing Lancelot storm in, the man holding the child hand her to a woman and kneels before the altar, just as Lance bursts into the room, sword high and already swooping dow on the man's neck. Lancelot brings the sword to a halt mi air, his fury held in check. The repent man is spared. Th woman kneels to kiss Lancelot's hand.
74) 0) text: The field is pitched with war tents and pavilions decked holiday. Nobles and knights flank the King and Guenevere, beautiful vision in white samite, a wreath of flowers aro her head. Lancelot leads a long file of prisoners to the  King. They fall to their knees, begging forgiveness; amon them is the man whom Lancelot had spared before the altar
75) 2) text: Lancelot sits, stiff and upright.
75) 5) text: Guenevere overhears. She approaches and Lancelot jumps to his feet.
75) 12) text: He rises. Lancelot, who was about to sit again, straighte
75) 16) text: Arthur and Merlin exit, leaving Guenevere and Lancelot. S looks at him, lively and amused, and he can't help smilin
75) 18) text: Lancelot blushes.
77) 0) text: Arthur and Guenevere are ushered in by Kay. They are flan by Leondegrance and Sir Ector. Lancelot and Merlin follow leading the cortege of knights and ladies. Merlin is incapable of entering the chapel, as if at the  threshold there is an unseen force that repels him.
80) 0) text: Arthur and Guenevere are radiant with joy, and Lancelot b them mirrors the ceremony of their joining in his armor; the sweet voices of the children fill the chapel as the B pours the wine into the chalice, and lifts it up before h blessing it. He turns to the royal couple.
81) 6) text: He returns the fish to the water. The figure steps into a pool of sunlight and a glorious halo streaks from the arm It is Lancelot.
81) 10) text: Lancelot laughs and pulls the boy to his feet.
81) 15) text: Lancelot rolls his eyes, amused.
82) 0) text: Lancelot is cantering and Perceval is running alongside,  shouting in gasps.
82) 2) text: Lancelot shakes his head and spurs the horse into a gallo Perceval lengthens his stride, and keeps up! Lancelot rei to a halt.
83) 0) text: Perceval cannot believe his eyes. As Lancelot and Kay tal about him out of earshot, he sees things that he's never  seen before; and he gapes like the country bumpkin that h is. Dragon-like kites sweep low, maneuvered by children. In a meadow among the trees, knights hone their skills with la and sword, and ladies watch and their "bright eyes rain  influence and judge the prize." And then, there is Camelo itself; the great gate and the drawbridge; the massive wa and the soaring towers and spires above. Perceval rushes up to Lancelot and Kay.
83) 4) text: Lancelot smiles to himself, hesitation, lingering before great gate of Camelot. There is a walkway suspended in the trees above, that als leads to the castle, and promenading on it is a group of  women, Guenevere and her ladies-in-waiting. The Queen see Lancelot and hastens toward him. Lancelot sees her, and mounts his horse and heads back in the forest. She stops, somewhat ahead of the ladies, and  watches wistfully. Lancelot turns back and seeing her one last time, draws d his visor and spurs his horse into a canter. He passes two commoners who are heading for the castle, o fat and the other thin, and they are locked in hot disput Their wives keep them from coming to blows and their chil spur them on, enjoying the excitement. Lancelot is swallowed by the forest.
84) 0) text: Guenevere, bearing a bowl of perfect, deep red apples,  approaches the Round Table, where Arthur sits and Merlin his side, attending to the affairs of the kingdom. Quite few of the knights occupy their seats, talking with each  other, drinking and laughing, attended by ladies and page Guenevere places the apples at Lancelot's empty place and takes her seat next to Arthur. In the archways that lead into the hall, petitioners wait eating, drinking, talking among themselves. In the din, n one pays attention to the vehement arguing of the fat man and the thin man, which continues even here. The hall is burgeoning, happy center of the kingdom. But Merlin is oblivious to the lively clamor. He gazes li a lovesick puppy across the table at Morgana, who bends o whispering to a knight at the table, the young Sir Gahalt while his older brother Sir Gawain listens. Morgana notic Merlin's stare and smiles at him, and then resumes her  flirtation with Sir Gahalt, much to Merlin's annoyance. Sir Kay ushers the thin man and the fat man into the open space at the center of the table for their audience with king. They quarrel even as Kay tries to present them, and the attention of the hall gradually focuses on them. The two men talk at once, interrupting, overlapping. FAT MAN
85) 0) text: The din of the petitioners is replaced by music. It is th hour of the evening feast, and all knights are present, e Lancelot. Whole tree trunks burn in the great fireplace, lambs roast on spits in the flames. Pages run to and fro  with trays of food and wine, Perceval among them. Morgana stops beside Merlin.
86) 0) text: In full armor but for his helmet, Lancelot is seated at a small table in the shadow of a tree, eating an apple. A young girl is turning a chicken on a spit, and her moth is removing freshly-baked bread from an oven. It is very  peaceful and silent until, galloping all out, Perceval  arrives. Frantic, out of breath, he leaps from his lather horse.
86) 3) text: The two women set the chicken and the bread before the gr knight, and stand back to watch him eat, flushed with  excitement. Perceval falls silent, in awe of Lancelot.
88) 0) text: She cries softly, and she whispers the name of the great  knight. EXT. EDGE OF THE FOREST, WALLS OF CAMELOT - NIGHT. A mounted knight stands motionless at the edge of the for his armor gleaming with dark lustre. It is Lancelot. His  eyes are raised to the high window, where he sees Gueneve He watches her in silence. In the high window Guenevere d the curtain and Lancelot reins back into the forest.
89) 0) text: Lancelot has unsaddled and tethered his horse in a small  clearing. He sits, resting back against a tree. He remove his helmet; he plants his sword before him, like a cross. loosens the ties of his breastplate. He waits for day,  yawning, tired. But his eyes burn, and he closes them and nods off to sleep. A knight appears silently hovering over him. Lancelot loo up, and his eyes go wide with fear. The knight towering a him wears armor identical to his, and he raises his sword and the blade is descending upon Lancelot. Lancelot draws his sword from the ground and rolls away, but the knight' sword slices through his shoulder joint. Lancelot attempt to rise but already the knight, Lancelot's mirror image, upon him. From the ground, Lancelot parries the blow and  slashes at the opponent's knee, cutting through the joint the armor and severing the leg. The knight doesn't fall, doesn't bleed, doesn't cry out. one leg he comes forward, a horror. Lancelot is paralyzed fear. As the knight leaps upon Lancelot, Lancelot rises t meet him, impaling himself on the knight's sword below th hauberk. He throws the knight to the ground, and comes do upon him. He rips off the helmet and the breastplate. The armor is empty and Lancelot rolls over on his back, awake from the nightmare with his own sword deep in his stomach and in his hand his own helmet and breastplate, while oth parts of his armor lie strewn around him. Only then does he become conscious of the terrible pain a the shock of the truth. He grabs the hilt of his sword an draws it from his stomach. He curls up in agony, clutchin fistful of leaves to the wound.
91) 7) text: Arthur is in anguish. He searches the tree line for a sig of Lancelot. He looks from Guenevere at the stake to his knights watching him. He draws Excalibur. A gasp goes thr the crowd of onlookers.
91) 12) text: Gawain shakes his head disdainfully as Perceval mounts ba into the saddle, his eyes burning with fervor. Sir Gawain and Perceval ride to opposite ends of the fiel The spectators fall silent, all staring blankly, their se dulled by the tragedy, at the uneven combatants. A cry goes up. Lancelot rides out of the forest. He rides to the King and salutes him. Arthur smiles at his old fri tears of joy in his eyes. Lancelot bows toward Guenevere rides on to where Perceval waits. Lancelot reaches out to touch Perceval's cheek.
91) 14) text: Perceval cannot reply, his eyes affixed on the blood that trickles from Lancelot's hauberk. Lancelot raises his lan in salute to Gawain across the field. Gawain salutes in  answer. The two huge knights charge at each other, each man's spe tip making contact with the other's armor, and in the vio collision both are unhorsed. Lancelot is slower at gettin to his feet and drawing his sword. He is bleeding below the hauberk from his self-inflicted  wound. In the first onslaught Lancelot fights defensively, falli back. He has to toss aside his shield and hold his stomac with his shield hand. Morgana watches with Merlin. Every terrible blow of sword sword reverberates through her body pleasurable. Merlin i captivated by her cruel sensuality.
92) 0) text: They swing and thrust at each other with slower but bone- crushing force, both unsteady now. Blood seeps from Lance feet, leaving awful footprints on the earth. Finally, wit daring thrust, Lancelot lifts Gawain's visor and the swor tip is before his eyes. Gawain drops his sword and shield kneels and speaks in a voice hoarse with weariness.
92) 2) text: Lancelot collapses in a dead faint.
93) 0) text: Eyes closed, Lancelot lies on a bed, naked but for a clot across his loins. His minor wounds have been dressed, and Merlin is kneading the huge gash in his stomach, working severed flesh together. Guenevere stands on one side of t bed, Arthur on the other, both looking down upon Lancelot relieved and not daring to look at each other.
93) 2) text: Guenevere kneels, and at her touch Lancelot's eyes flicke open. Merlin exits, and draws Arthur away with him. Arthur is deeply tormented.
94) 0) text: Lancelot is staring into Guenevere's eyes. She opens her  shift, baring a breast with the innocence of a mother  preparing to suckle a child. She presses her breast to hi wound, her face to his chest, her arms enfolding him. She whispers.
95) 0) text: The court is assembled, for the evening feast. There is m and heavy drinking. Some knights are slouched across the  table. Lancelot, still weak, takes his seat, looking at t drunken and frivolous knights. Arthur catches it, and the smile at each other.
95) 3) text: Guenevere cannot tear her eyes from Lancelot. He avoids h look. Arthur looks from Guenevere to Lancelot, and speaks softly to him, across her, and with stabbing directness.
95) 10) text: Merlin looks from Arthur to Guenevere to Lancelot to Arth
95) 12) text: An uneasy silence falls upon the feast. Guenevere and Lan cannot look at each other, and Arthur feels it. Lancelot  jumps to his feet.
95) 19) text: The exchange has become closely intimate, even though the stand apart and speak before everyone in the large hall.  Lancelot leaves. Only Guenevere cannot watch.
96) 0) text: Water gurgles from a rock that is captive in the roots of ancient oak. Lancelot, in armor, reclines against its tru the roots cradling him. He is perfectly still, drawing li from the vibrant, all-enfolding forest. Flower petals drift on the breeze. Trees sigh. Fox and ra sparrow and hawk, at peace with each other, watch over th knight.
97) 0) text: A horse and rider tear through the thick undergrowth. It Guenevere. The forest races past her as she gallops towar the glade, brambles tearing at her flesh and clothes.
98) 0) text: Lancelot gets to his feet, tense. Guenevere dismounts and approaches. She is flushed and breathless from the wild r Her horse, left free, wanders over to his and grazes besi it.
100) 0) text: Arthur and Sir Kay gallop through the forest, silently. I is not a dream.  Their armor and the hooves of their hors are muffled with pieces of cloth.
101) 0) text: Only Nature will ever see their love; the creatures of th air, tree and ground witness the final reality of their  passion and sense its unfathomable depths, singing of it a hundred languages. Lancelot and Guenevere are naked and interlocked, one being, suspended in the darkness in the of the forest.
103) 0) text: All passion spent, locked in each other's arms, Lancelot Guenevere drift off into sleep. Arthur comes upon them. He stands over them. He draws  Excalibur. Checking all emotion, he holds it above his he The ancient steel glows darkly. The lovers faces are serene and innocently beautiful. He  hesitates, tormented. His mask of anguish gives way to  determination and calm. He strikes the sword home, lettin go of it. He backs away, turns and disappears into the forest.
104) 0) text: The sky is red; so is the steel of Excalibur. Lancelot aw and starts at what he sees. His cry stirs Guenevere. They are horrified to see Excalibur impaled in the ground betw their entwined bodies. It has pierced their union without grazing their flesh. They leap up and back away, unable t speak at first.
104) 6) text: Lancelot stumbles into the forest, berserk with guilt. He rages against a small tree, crying out, and he rips its r from the ground, the terrible tearing and renting the sym of his own inner torment. Guenevere sinks to the ground next to Lancelot's empty ar and his abandoned sword.
114) 0) text: Morgana holds aloft her beautiful newborn baby, his body  glistening in a flash of lightening. She is triumphant. INT. CHAPEL, CAMELOT - NIGHT. A bolt of lightening strikes the chalice, rocking the cha and Arthur is knocked back violently. Rain lashes in through the shattered window upon the terr knights. They and the priest back away. Arthur is left al He rises and goes to the chalice, which is bent and crack He kneels before it. Steam hisses up as rain falls on it.
121) 2) text: He starts off again, into the patchless forest of dead tr He is suddenly set upon by a wildman who, swinging a smal uprooted tree, knocks him off his horse. Perceval crashes the ground and before he can use his sword the wildman ha knocked it out of his hand. It is Lancelot, demented, who furiously rains battering b on Perceval's armor, bellowing with rage. All that Percev can do is attempt to avoid the blows. Lancelot addresses  Perceval as if the young knight were Lancelot himself.
121) 4) text: Before Perceval can speak, Lancelot disappears again into the forest, his eyes blank, as though his encounter with young knight had never happened. A knot of pain, Perceval pulls himself up. He tries to ri into the saddle. He is too hurt to do it. He starts off o foot, slowly, leading the horse.
127) 0) text: The drawbridge lowers slowly, and Arthur moves away from and the other knights, and advances across it. Rooks wheel over the dead trees of the forest that surrou Camelot. A group of armed men waits at the edge of the fo One steps forward, a huge knight in black armor, the meta defining and exaggerating the powerful musculature of his body. He is Mordred, a young man of eighteen, and of  extraordinary beauty. A page follows ten steps behind him bearing an enormous spear, its points hooded. Arthur stop at the edge of the drawbridge, the huge knight a few step from him. Kay, ready for anything, moves halfway across t drawbridge. Mordred kneels on one knee.
162) 3) text: Arthur rushes off, Perceval following on horseback. Lancelot is mortally wounded, blood flowing from his abdo his eyes open but his gaze dead. Arthur falls to his side
162) 5) text: But there is no one now except the dead and wounded, and  Perceval, who dismounts to watch over the King, sword dra Desperate, Arthur stops the wound with his hand. Lancelot eyes are sightless, but tears spill from them.
162) 12) text: Arthur takes Lancelot in his arms and rests his lips agai the knight's brow.
162) 14) text: He lies, closing his eyes, unable to look at Lancelot.
162) 16) text: A boyish smile settles over the features of Lancelot's fa and he dies. Arthur holds him to his breast, his eyes shu tight. A strong wind rises. Perceval kneels beside Arthur.