1) 0) text: Darkness. The sound of battle cries and the clang of meta upon metal. The forest lights up with huge sparks flying  from sword and ax as armored knights hack and swing at ea other. Mounted knights collide head-on at full gallop, th armor made incandescent in the clash. Sparks eddy in thei wakes and float to the ground. The forest catches fire. MAIN TITLES on the flames. Out of the sounds of ancient b grows music, heroic and barbaric, shot through with  melancholy. Two crazed eyes reflect the fire. The eyes belong to a ma without age, at once ancient and boyish, female and male; his eyes are pained from the burden of too much knowledge So close is he to the flames that a lock of his wild hair sizzles alight. He slaps at the fire as if it were an ann insect. He wears a cloak of black trimmed with silver. It Merlin. The wizard weaves a path through the burning fore dodging the combatants, searching.
1) 1) dialog: Lord Uther! Lord Uther!
1) 2) text: The forest around him weeps softly with the sounds that f slaughter. Patches of undergrowth are smoldering. Small f lick bark and branches. Smoke floats through the trees and hovers over the bodies the dying and the dead. A huge knight reins up beside Merlin on a lathered horse. His armor is blood spattered. He is weary from battle. He looks down at Merlin, his countenance fierce. The blade o his sword glows with an unnatural aura.
1) 3) dialog: It's done. A truce. We meet at the  river.
2) 0) text: Waiting on one bank of a small river that flows through t forest is a warlord, the Duke of Cornwall. He is flanked his armored warriors. Lot of Lowthean prominent among the They are battle-weary and bloodied, but they look ready t fight. Behind them is an army of lesser knights. To the opposite bank come Uther and Merlin, a much smalle force of knights, including Uryens, Lord of Gore, surroun them.
2) 2) text: Uther and the Duke of Cornwall glare at each other in sil across the river. Uther strains forward, burning with ang but Merlin restrains him.
2) 4) dialog: Just show the sword.
2) 6) dialog: (waxing eloquent) Behold the sword of power, Excalibur.  Before Uther, it belonged to Lud,  before Lud, to Beowulf, before Beowulf  to Baldur the Good, before Baldur to  Thor himself and that was when the  world was young and there were more  than seven colors in the rainbow. (and in an aside to  Uther) Speak the words.
2) 11) text: Merlin urges Uther hard.
2) 12) dialog: (a whisper) He has given. Now you must.
2) 15) text: The enemies lock eyes and Merlin watches anxiously.
2) 19) text: But Merlin is nowhere in sight.
6) 9) text: The figure straightens, the filthy rags become a flowing  cape, and the hair is swept back by the wind, andГіit is  Merlin, laughing.
6) 10) dialog: I have walked my way since the  beginning of time. Sometimes I give,  sometimes I take. It is mine to know  which, and when.
6) 13) dialog: I know the storm inside you, and  what it has wrought. The alliance I  forged is wrecked.
6) 14) text: The Duke of Cornwall under siege. All this for lust. Self lust. Uther grabs Merlin.
6) 16) text: Merlin frowns pensively, his gaze searching strange dista and wandering; then focusing, blazing straight at Uther.
6) 17) dialog: You will swear by your true kingship  to grant me what I wish. Then you  shall have it.
6) 20) dialog: --What issues from your lust will be  mine. Swear it again.
6) 22) text: Merlin looks down sorrowfully at the kneeling King.
8) 0) text: Uther and his knights, and Merlin on a mule, ride to the  high promontory and dismount. Here, overlooking the sea, a circle of ancient stones, carved with strange runes and hieroglyphics, and as the wind moves through them it moan and sighs. The knights watch as Merlin and Uther, leading his horse, walk toward the stones. Merlin strides into the circle,  turning to look at Uther, who hesitates.
8) 1) dialog: Come.
8) 2) text: Uther starts to make the sign of the cross, but Merlin ha him with a gesture. Uther's hand drops, and he enters the circle with his horse. Merlin and Uther look out across the sea, to Tintagel Cas high upon the cliff. Merlin solemnly raises his arms toward that distant castl and chants in an ancient language, the sounds of which he marries to the roaring and whining of the wind. The wind  becomes stronger, and Merlin's incantations become more  intense, and the wind in turn becomes wilder still. Until Merlin is charged with a fierce, nonhuman power, as the w buffets his slight frame. And then, for all to understand:
8) 3) dialog: I hold the balance of all things in  my summoning. Arise mists. Come fog.
11) 0) text: The advancing front envelops Merlin and Uther, eddying ar the stones.  All else is obliterated.
11) 1) dialog: Mount your horse.
11) 3) dialog: Ride straight to the castle, across  the sea of fog.
11) 6) text: Merlin rages, crazed.
11) 7) dialog: Ride across! Across the bridges of  desire. Your lust will hold you up.  For I have just woven it into the  fabric of the world. This is magic -  making solid what is in the mind,  and unsolid, that which is already  solid.
20) 0) text: And Merlin is jolted awake from deep within himself, comi out of a trance.
20) 1) dialog: It is done. The future has found  root in the present.
20) 2) text: He lifts himself up on his staff. He stands in the midst the ancient stones, bristling with excitement. Uther's mi knights are asleep, a deep unnatural sleep, huddled toget and surrounded by their horses. And then Merlin swoons,  collapsing to the ground.
22) 0) text: Merlin has been propped up against one of the stones. He in a deep trance and Uther is attempting to shake him awa
22) 2) text: Merlin's eyes open but he sees nothing, and only a puzzli squeal issues from him.
24) 24) text: And his free hand opens her shift, and he holds a swollen breast in his gloved hand, squeezing gently. Milk bubbles from it and he thrusts the baby's mouth onto it. Igrayne weeps and Uther watches proudly as the baby suckl Merlin advances from the window, his cape the same irides green-black as the feathers of the crows that were perche by the window.
24) 26) dialog: Doing what I did for you, it wasn't  easy, you know. It takes it's toll.  It took nine moons to get back my  strength.
24) 28) dialog: Now you must pay me.
24) 30) dialog: The child is mine, Uther. I have  come for him.
24) 33) dialog: You didn't ask!
24) 38) text: Uther is caught, and turns to Merlin who is harsh and  unswaying.
24) 39) dialog: It's not for you, Uther, hearth and  home, wife and child.
24) 41) dialog: Maybe not even that, Uther. I thought  once that you were the one to unite  the land under one sword. But it'll  take another, a greater king...
24) 43) dialog: They are not weapons, my friend, but  truths. You betrayed the Duke, stole  his wife and took his castle, now no  one trusts you. Lot, Uryens, your  allies will turn against you. Give  me the child, Uther, I will protect  him. Go back to your war tent.
24) 44) text: Uther wrenches the baby from it's mother's breast and han him to Merlin.
24) 46) text: With the bawling baby under his cape, Merlin exits. Igray pulls herself out of the bed, weak, her legs giving under her. She starts after Merlin.
25) 0) text: As Merlin walks through the castle, the baby crying in hi arms, the knights and ladies step back, afraid to interve in royal matters. INT. HALL, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT. Merlin comes across the empty banquet hall, cooing to the baby, strangely pacifying him. Morgana steps out of the  shadows in his path, and Merlin stops at the sight of the little girl, her pale eyes glaring at him. She speaks haltingly and clearly while far-off Igrayne cr out her distress.
25) 2) text: Staring at her, Merlin shudders and without answering he  continues away, faster now, and into an unlit passageway, disappearing from sight a bit sooner than an ordinary mor would have.
29) 0) text: And far away, a caped figure is crossing a field toward a wood, when the earth shakes, stirring animals and birds. man turns. He is Merlin, the two day-old baby peeking fro his cape. Merlin is amazed at the phenomenon, he puts his ear to a rock protruding from the earth.
29) 1) dialog: Into the spine of the dragon! (and then he is  saddened) Uther... I loved you, mighty child.
45) 27) text: Merlin's name is on the lips of all those close by.
45) 29) dialog: Speak of the devil!...
45) 30) text: From out of the forest strides Merlin, dramatic, cape flo eyes crazed as ever, laughing at his own entrance. A crow perched on his shoulder, and it squawks loudly. Annoyed w it, Merlin swooshes it away.
45) 31) dialog: I am Merlin. Counselor to kings.  Wizard and beggar. Prophet and... (he drops it) I have feasted on thunderbolts, I  savored my death before I got myself  born. I--
45) 32) text: Merlin interrupts himself when his eyes fall on the boy, is taking in his performance raptly, half awestruck, half amused.
45) 34) dialog: You are the son of King Uther, and  the fair Igrayne... you are King  Arthur.
47) 0) text: Uryens and Lot, and Caradoc, Turquine, and the other lord have mounted, and are moving out, when from the rear guar bowman in Lot's service draws upon the unarmored figure o Arthur across the cheering crowd. The bowman lets the arr fly. It flies over the heads of the crowd, unseen. Except by Merlin at Arthur's side. He extends his arms ha up, his fists clenched tightly as if drawing urgently on power within himself. The sound of wings is heard as he f his arms. The arrow flies toward Arthur. Arthur sees the arrow coming right at him, when a swoopin crow plucks it out of the air. Arthur watches the crow flapping its wings, climbing swif the arrow in its beak, disappearing over the forest. Only has noticed. When he turns Merlin is no longer at his side; to the  puzzlement of all. And Arthur is all of a sudden terribly alone and afraid, as people from all sides clamor for his attention and guidance.
48) 4) text: A huge eye opens in the foreground of what had appeared t be shadow, bark and tufts of weeds is really Merlin's hea
48) 5) dialog: You called, sir?
48) 6) text: His voice is thin as he is awakening from a deep, exhaust sleep. Arthur finds him lying within the large gnarled ro of a great tree. The boy kneels before Merlin and lifts h hands and kisses them.
48) 8) dialog: (a flicker of mischief) But not from your destiny.
48) 10) dialog: That's not why you came.
48) 13) dialog: (irritated) 'Help me, Help me.' Help me get up.
48) 14) text: Arthur helps Merlin up and the wizard stands unsteadily.
48) 15) dialog: I'm tired. Doing magic takes its  toll, you know. My arms ache  terribly... (he makes flying  movements with his  arms and grimaces) Once--or is it yet to happen--I stood  exposed to the Dragon's breath so  that a man could lie one night with  a woman. It took me ten moons to  recover. I'm sure that story would  interest you, since... Well, we'll  have to talk about it another time.  You're too busy now.
48) 17) dialog: It is whispered in the forest that... (he cups his ear with  exaggeration) ...Leondegrance's castle is under  siege by Lot and Uryens.
48) 19) dialog: Well there. You don't need me half  as much as you think you do. You  already know what must not happen.
48) 21) dialog: Thank you.
48) 24) dialog: (suddenly fierce) Because you must! You and only you.  Have you forgotten that it was you  who freed Excalibur?
48) 26) dialog: Besides, it will be a good lesson. (giggling) The best, if it's not the last.
48) 28) dialog: Maybe you'd like to meet the power  that gave you the sword?
48) 31) dialog: In the great book.
48) 33) dialog: (melodramatic) The book without pages. Open before  you, all around us. You can see it  in bits and pieces, for if mortal  men were to see it whole and all  complete in a single glance, why, it  would burn him to cinders.
49) 1) dialog: The dragon! There...
49) 3) dialog: Coiled in the unfathomed depths, it  emerges...
49) 4) text: Merlin points to the sky where roiling clouds appear to b unfurling of immeasurable wings.
49) 5) dialog: ...It unfolds itself in the storm  clouds...
49) 7) dialog: ...it washes its mane sparkling white  in the blackness of seething  whirlpools...
49) 8) text: Merlin spins Arthur around, and they are transported into storm swept forest. Lightning strikes.
49) 9) dialog: ...its claws are the forks of  lightning... its scales glisten in  the bark of trees...
49) 11) dialog: ...its voice is heard in the  hurricane...
50) 0) text: Arthur and Merlin are back in the same spot, having in fa never moved at all, but traveled on the spell of Merlin's words alone.
50) 1) dialog: ...it is so much more than a scaly  monster. It is Everything!
52) 0) text: A bellowing dragon advances. Its eyes burn, its scales gl from light shining from within. It snorts fire from its  nostrils. Uryens and Lot, Caradoc and Turquine, the great knights i command of the siege of Leondegrance's castle, back away  speechless as the monster descends upon their unprepared camp. All around them, squires and lesser knights flee in panic and confusion. Only a dozen or so remain with their leaders. The group b up against the swampy moat that surrounds the castle, wai with swords drawn. The dragon moves closer, and now it becomes apparent that is nothing more than a force of knights and footmen. Thei shields glinting in the moonlight are the dragon's scales torches its burning eyes. And the snorting flames from it nostrils are only Merlin doing a fire-eater's trick. The dragon form dissolves, and a banner rises bearing the emblem of the Dragon, and under it, Arthur and Ector and lead a charge of twenty knights. In Arthur's hands, Excalibur leaves an electric glow upon the air.
58) 3) text: Arthur turns, searching for Merlin. He spots him watching from a distance. They stare at each other, Merlin implaca Arthur's eyes pleading. It's obvious that Merlin isn't go to help.
58) 7) dialog: (to himself) What's this, what's this?!
60) 0) text: Uryens stands towering above the boy. He smiles enigmatic He lifts Excalibur. Merlin is attempting to push through the crowded ranks to get to Arthur. He's frantic and worried for once.
60) 1) dialog: I never saw this...
60) 8) text: Arthur rises and Uryens kneels and kisses his hands. Sir  Ector turns away to hide brimming tears. Merlin pushes th finally, out of breath. Uryens embraces Leondegrance whil Lot and the other enemy knights kneel in turn and kiss  Arthur's hands.
62) 0) text: The soft beat of psaltery and the liquid flow of lute. A  serving platter bearing roast rabbit in rampant position carried across the hall. It is laid on the long raised ta before Arthur, who presides in the middle. He looks at it suspiciously and blushes, remembering the afternoon; and looks back at him accusingly with its cherry eye. Guenevere is dancing around her father, lovely, gliding,  sensual. She sees Arthur and the rabbit and laughs out-ri He twists off a leg of the rabbit and sinks his teeth int it to hide his embarrassment. Guenevere passes to another partner, smiling at him, radiant. Arthur watches her, his heart breaking. He is in love. Merlin leans close.
62) 1) dialog: A king must marry, after all.
62) 3) text: Only then does he realize that Merlin has understood  everything. He is annoyed at being so transparent.
62) 5) dialog: (mischievous) There are maidens as fair, and fairer  than Guenevere. If I put my mind to  it, I could see them now, many of  them, weeping for love of you,  watching the hills for you coming  from the high towers of their castles.  Offering you their every favor. Rich,  clever--but if it is to be Guenevere,  so be it.
62) 8) dialog: Guenevere. And a beloved friend who  will betray you.
62) 10) dialog: You're not listening. Your heart is  not. Love is deaf as well as blind.
62) 18) dialog: Looking at the cake is like looking  at the future. Until you have savored  its bitterness and its sweetness,  its texture and its perfume, what do  you really know? And then, of course,  it will he too late.
62) 20) dialog: Too late...
64) 0) text: His countenance grim, Arthur gallops along a trail border a plowed field when in it a scarecrow moves. It starts to run as stick-wielding farmers pursue it. It is Merlin. Ar turns off into the field, and at the sight of an armored  knight on a war horse, the farmers turn and flee. Merlin  stops to catch his breath.
64) 2) dialog: I had to weave a little enchantment  on the bees so I could get some honey,  and I didn't feel up to using any  more magic just yet. Anyway, I was  in less danger than you'll be in  today.
64) 5) dialog: Come now. So much anger for such a  little crime? Are you sure there is  nothing else troubling you?
64) 7) text: He offers his arm and Merlin hoists himself up behind the King.
65) 0) text: A waterfall cascades into a pool. The spray casts a rainb Beneath it is a colorful confusion of flowers and budding trees, a place dreamlike in its beauty. Arthur, with Merlin behind, gallops along the edge of the pool. The trail widens into a field of grass. Arthur rein beside a pile of broken lances and twisted shields. Acros the field, pitched upon the trail is a war tent made of  diaphanous white silk, a sky blue banner above it. Merlin slides off and Arthur continues. From the tent, a knight with jousting lance rides forward meet him. His armor is so shiny it is a mirror. His eyes, seen through the open visor, seem to laugh. His speech is foreign, from across the sea. He is Lancelot of the Lake.
65) 12) text: Arthur wheels away, trembling with anger, and gallops to edge of the field. He sees that Lancelot has already  positioned himself and is waiting, lance down. Merlin watches, a spectator, as the two charge at each ot They collide with great force, their spears shattering. A is jolted but stays in the saddle. Lancelot's jousting is impeccable. Arthur draws Excalibur.
65) 28) text: Merlin approaches, pale, gripped by dread.
65) 29) dialog: The sword is broken. Hope is broken...
65) 32) text: Merlin stands there, drawn, defeated, his hopes dead.
65) 38) dialog: The Lady of the Lake. Take it. Take  it, quickly!
65) 39) text: Arthur dips his hand under the water and grasps the hilt the moment he does the vision in the blue-green water fad He rises with Excalibur in hand, and Merlin speaks before Arthur can ask the question.
65) 40) dialog: There are infinite worlds within the  infinite coils of the Dragon. In one  of them, which I have not traveled,  the sword was forged. I only know  that the King is returned to us  through the instrument of his power.  The game continues!
65) 54) text: They embrace, and Merlin watches.
66) 2) text: Arthur sees Lancelot in the throng and moves toward him.  Merlin follows Arthur and is pushed and knocked around in the crush of spikes and iron. The only unarmored man in t crowd, he glares at the excited knights irritably.
66) 16) text: Merlin is brutally jostled. He draws a fistful of powder  from his cape and he tosses it into the air above him. He raises his staff into the cloud, cracking it like a whip. The tip of the staff catches fire, and the fire spreads  through the powder in the air, stunning all into silence. Merlin shouts and snarls.
66) 17) dialog: Chaos... confusion... brutes...  savages... troglodytes... Stand  back... make space.
66) 18) text: Merlin swings his burning staff into a wide arc. The knig back away, amused at first, then a bit afraid.
66) 19) dialog: The moon... the sun... the stars...  they spin... they turn... they  circle... around us... us...
66) 20) text: The knights have fallen back. Merlin stalks past each man and Arthur too, holding the flaming tip of his staff befo each pair of eyes, and staring into them with his gimlet  gaze.
66) 21) dialog: You, and you, and you, take up your  place. Be wedded to the world. Respect  its perfection. All of you, together,  be one.
66) 22) text: The knights have formed a circle. They realize this.  Awestruck, they whisper in astonishment, looking up at th sky burning with stars. Merlin brims with pride as he wai for Arthur to recognize his handiwork.
66) 32) text: In quick succession all knights draw their swords, follow Lancelot's example. Merlin struggles to put out the flame on his staff. He fi does it by smothering it with earth. When he looks up aga he sees the knights galloping off in all directions.
75) 9) text: Merlin leans close to Arthur.
75) 10) dialog: The knights of Galys approach the  camp. It would be politic...
75) 16) text: Arthur and Merlin exit, leaving Guenevere and Lancelot. S looks at him, lively and amused, and he can't help smilin
77) 0) text: Arthur and Guenevere are ushered in by Kay. They are flan by Leondegrance and Sir Ector. Lancelot and Merlin follow leading the cortege of knights and ladies. Merlin is incapable of entering the chapel, as if at the  threshold there is an unseen force that repels him.
77) 2) dialog: No, no, I need air.
77) 5) text: Merlin, who was slinking away through the throng of  bystanders, looks up. What he sees sends a chill through body. At Uryens' side stands a young woman of sinister beauty,  with bewitching eyes of ice. Merlin just stares at her, a she smiles back at him faintly.
77) 8) text: Merlin laughs. Uryens shrugs and continues into the chape with Morgana. As she enters she glances back, and just th Merlin steals a look, their eyes meet.
79) 0) text: The chorus carries across the field to the dark wall of t from which issues another chorus, of hoots and squawks an howls. Merlin advances along the edge of the forest. He s by the stone that once held the sword, his eyes wild. He  forgets his inner torment when he sees a plant at the bas of the stone. He kneels beside it and plucks it. He admir its strange flowers; he smells them. Two feet appear at his side. He rises to be face to face  with Morgana. They look deep into each other. Then Merlin breaks the silence.
79) 1) dialog: You left your husband's side? You  left your brother's wedding?
79) 3) dialog: It is.
79) 5) text: Merlin smiles at last, and Morgana does, her eyes piercin cruel and lovely.
79) 6) dialog: Yes... sometimes...
79) 8) dialog: ...There are many powers in this  world.
84) 0) text: Guenevere, bearing a bowl of perfect, deep red apples,  approaches the Round Table, where Arthur sits and Merlin his side, attending to the affairs of the kingdom. Quite few of the knights occupy their seats, talking with each  other, drinking and laughing, attended by ladies and page Guenevere places the apples at Lancelot's empty place and takes her seat next to Arthur. In the archways that lead into the hall, petitioners wait eating, drinking, talking among themselves. In the din, n one pays attention to the vehement arguing of the fat man and the thin man, which continues even here. The hall is burgeoning, happy center of the kingdom. But Merlin is oblivious to the lively clamor. He gazes li a lovesick puppy across the table at Morgana, who bends o whispering to a knight at the table, the young Sir Gahalt while his older brother Sir Gawain listens. Morgana notic Merlin's stare and smiles at him, and then resumes her  flirtation with Sir Gahalt, much to Merlin's annoyance. Sir Kay ushers the thin man and the fat man into the open space at the center of the table for their audience with king. They quarrel even as Kay tries to present them, and the attention of the hall gradually focuses on them. The two men talk at once, interrupting, overlapping. FAT MAN
85) 0) text: The din of the petitioners is replaced by music. It is th hour of the evening feast, and all knights are present, e Lancelot. Whole tree trunks burn in the great fireplace, lambs roast on spits in the flames. Pages run to and fro  with trays of food and wine, Perceval among them. Morgana stops beside Merlin.
85) 2) text: Merlin is in agony, a bug stuck on a pin.
85) 3) dialog: No, no, of course not. You are  young...
85) 4) dialog: I'm not jealous!
85) 6) dialog: No. Yes, I am. I am jealous. I want  to write poems about you with  moonbeams, make the sea sing your  name...
85) 8) dialog: Shh... yes, yes. Sit with me,  please... Morgana.
85) 11) text: Merlin looks at her, knowing already, sad yet eager.
85) 12) dialog: I showed you all my conjuring  tricks...
85) 14) dialog: Maybe... maybe...
85) 15) text: Merlin's thoughts have carried him far away, when he real that Arthur is addressing him.
85) 18) dialog: At your service, sir.
85) 20) dialog: Good and evil; there is never one  without the other.
85) 23) dialog: Never where you expect it, that's  all I know.
85) 32) text: Arthur, ashen-faced, turns to Merlin for help, but he has escaped into sleep...
85) 38) text: He is too shy to take the shiniest, most beautiful apple top, and goes for another one. Morgana giggles, and he lo at her. She looks at the apple on top and then smiles  encouragingly at him. Sir Gahalt takes it and starts eati as the Queen returns to her seat. With the third bite his is unable to breathe. His face go red and he rises to his feet, attempting to call out. He falls, dying immediately. All leap to their feet, and  Arthur rushes to the young knight. Merlin is asleep and f from human affairs. Arthur and Sir Gawain rise from the body of the young kni Sir Gawain backs away from Arthur and points at Guenevere trembling with cold rage.
85) 59) text: Perceval hurries from the hall. Arthur looks away, ashame and his eyes fall on Merlin, twitching and mumbling in hi sleep.
85) 60) dialog: Boys!... boys will be boys...
91) 14) text: Perceval cannot reply, his eyes affixed on the blood that trickles from Lancelot's hauberk. Lancelot raises his lan in salute to Gawain across the field. Gawain salutes in  answer. The two huge knights charge at each other, each man's spe tip making contact with the other's armor, and in the vio collision both are unhorsed. Lancelot is slower at gettin to his feet and drawing his sword. He is bleeding below the hauberk from his self-inflicted  wound. In the first onslaught Lancelot fights defensively, falli back. He has to toss aside his shield and hold his stomac with his shield hand. Morgana watches with Merlin. Every terrible blow of sword sword reverberates through her body pleasurable. Merlin i captivated by her cruel sensuality.
93) 0) text: Eyes closed, Lancelot lies on a bed, naked but for a clot across his loins. His minor wounds have been dressed, and Merlin is kneading the huge gash in his stomach, working severed flesh together. Guenevere stands on one side of t bed, Arthur on the other, both looking down upon Lancelot relieved and not daring to look at each other.
93) 1) dialog: Flesh on flesh. You must press on  the wound, Guenevere, hold it, and  it will begin to bind.
93) 2) text: Guenevere kneels, and at her touch Lancelot's eyes flicke open. Merlin exits, and draws Arthur away with him. Arthur is deeply tormented.
93) 4) dialog: What is it my child?
93) 5) text: Merlin appears moved by the predicaments that Arthur has face.
93) 7) text: Merlin stares off into the evening sky, where a lark sing high up.
93) 8) dialog: Yes.
93) 10) dialog: A king should be afraid, always. The  enemy is everywhere. Waiting in ambush  in the dark corridors of his castle,  on the deer paths of his forest, or  in the gray and winding paths of a  more tangled forest, in here.
95) 8) dialog: What? (then seeing he has  an audience) The greatest? They blend together  like the metals we mix to make a  good sword.
95) 10) text: Merlin looks from Arthur to Guenevere to Lancelot to Arth
95) 11) dialog: All right. Truth. It must be truth,  above all. When a man lies he murders  some part of the world.
99) 0) text: Arthur and Merlin, the King desperate, the Wizard overwhe by compassion:
99) 2) dialog: That is my destiny. I have a destiny,  too...
99) 4) dialog: My powers fade, Arthur. I resort to  cheap tricks... (with sudden enthusiasm) Yes! I enjoy every moment of my  foolishness, I join in the making of  it, so no one can betray me. But  you! You betray yourself.
99) 6) dialog: You betray the boy who drew the sword,  the boy who saw the Dragon... the  Dragon who moves close by, coiling  and uncoiling, restless, looking  down, waiting for the King to be a  king...
99) 9) dialog: I cannot. I must not. Here I must  stay.
99) 10) text: They embrace. Merlin is on the verge of tears, his face  immediately sad and finally ancient. Arthur exits. Morgana, who has been watching from the shadows, watching from the shadows, slinks up to Merlin's side.
99) 12) text: Merlin smiles knowingly at her.
99) 13) dialog: I? Perhaps, perhaps. I'm losing  interest, Morgana... I have helped  men--or meddled in their affairs, if  you would have it that way--since  the dawn of time. Now let them live  by their own laws. Let them stand on  their own feet. The gods of once are  gone forever, it is time for men...  Morgana, make a man out of me. Kiss  me.
99) 14) text: He reaches to touch her lips. She cradles his hand in her and doesn't allow Merlin to kiss her. She kisses his knuc and stares into his eyes, stoking his desire.
99) 16) dialog: That I cannot.
105) 0) text: Merlin and Morgana descend winding steps cut out of rock. The only light comes from the glow of Merlin's staff.
105) 1) dialog: When Arthur built the castle, I carved  out a place for myself, where I could  laugh or sleep, and no one would  bother me.
105) 4) dialog: They do.
105) 7) dialog: They don't know how close they live  to the edge of delight or disas...
105) 9) dialog: Happiness or horror.
106) 1) dialog: In the folds of the earth where the  forces that hold the world together  are more alive, my power is strongest.  Here I will possess you, as a man  possesses a woman. And the god, the  eunuch, the mule that I was, will be  no more.
106) 4) dialog: Flattery! Do you think I am ignorant  of your stupid little games? Preying  on you weakness of others. That's  your power, a petty evil. Mine is  great. Great plans. Impossible dreams.  Laughable endings...
106) 7) dialog: I won't. You would misuse such power.  I have paid enough for you, and I  will have you.
106) 11) dialog: What do you want? You must desire it  for me to weave it.
106) 13) text: Morgana falls silent as Merlin raises a hand, majesticall intoning a harsh repetitive charm. The mineral veins of t cave begin to glow and fog seeps out from them enveloping the couple.
106) 14) dialog: Desire it and it will be as you  desire.
106) 15) text: Morgana burns with intensity. Merlin utters a formula and the fog coalesces around them into the shimmering presenc of crystal walls, fountains raining jewels, flowers made scented air, a bed of glass shot with light and covered w skins of animals dead before the time of man, goblets of  ruby, tapestries woven of golden hair. She reaches out to touch the wall and her hand plunges through the unmateria illusion.
106) 18) dialog: Don't touch the walls. Come close to  me.
106) 22) dialog: For you...
106) 23) text: She runs her hand across the hard crystal surface, her ey gleaming. From outside the wondrous room they can be seen to embrac He carries her to the magical bed where he makes love to  her, as they disappear from view in its effulgent light. She comes out through the crystal door, burning with evil intent. She turns to watch him asleep in the bed. She utters the charm of Summoning learnt from Merlin, and the room melts into an eddying carmine fog. Within it, Me struggles to awaken from the torpor of love, alarmed. Outside, Morgana utters the charm of Making and the gaseo mass begins to crystallize. Inside, Merlin is rising to his feet, breathing the red f his movements slowing to a standstill, his mouth opening a scream of horror. The cloud has metamorphosed into a magnificent cluster of red crystals.  Morgana peers into its facets and there sh sees, in fragments, Merlin's terror... an eye, the gaping mouth, a clawing hand--as he is entombed in the stone. Sh laughs in triumph.
109) 0) text: Echoing in the vaulted corridors outside the hall, the  knight's whisper stabs Arthur. The words now seem borne on the whistling wind and follow the King wherever he goes in search of Merlin. He comes u a knight seducing a lady in a dark corner by the chapel d his hand under her gown. Arthur notes the sacrilege in  silence, and continues on his way.
145) 0) text: The veins of crystal glow darkly, and the hammering of  Arthur's fist upon the stone is dimly echoed here. In the red crystal, fragments of Merlin can be glimpsed, trapped frozen.
148) 2) text: A hand ruffles the King's hair. He turns, and is face to  face with Merlin, standing over him. Arthur looks at him  without surprise, as though the intervening years never w Merlin begins to laugh his hideous giggle. Arthur rises.
148) 4) dialog: I know. I have heard noises and echoes  through the stones...
148) 6) dialog: It is like a tree. The roots of the  stones spread out across the land  and they draw on the thoughts and  actions of men. Like sap those human  matters course through the stones  feeding the stars that are the leaves  of the tree. And the stars whisper  back to men the future course of  events. (becoming passionate) But the earth is being torn apart,  its metals stolen, and the balance  is broken and the lines of power no  longer converge. In fact, I nearly  didn't make it in one piece.
148) 8) dialog: But, I'm here.
148) 10) dialog: --Stories... You brought me back.  Your love brought me back. Back to  where you are now, in the land of  dreams...
148) 12) text: Merlin smiles, turns and leaves, heading for Arthur's cam giggling. Arthur starts off after him and awakens from th dream when he walks into one of the stones. It takes him moment to realize that Merlin has vanished.
150) 0) text: Cape flowing, Merlin sweeps between Mordred's war tents, in the logic of dreams, unseen by the guards. He passes a tent where the huge shadow of Mordred is thrown on the ca as he sharpens the blade of a fearsome spear. He enters a tent.
151) 0) text: She is stunningly beautiful in her sleep. Merlin leans ov her lovely body, kisses her softly on the lips, and waits for her to awaken.
151) 1) dialog: I have returned, enchantress. You  are beautiful, magnificent. Have you  used up all the magic you stole from  me to keep yourself young? Have you  any magic left to do battle with  Merlin?
152) 2) dialog: What's behind that beauty? A wizened,  cold-hearted snake.
152) 3) text: Merlin steps back, grandiose and melodramatic.
152) 4) dialog: You are a snake about to strike!
152) 6) dialog: And I am the staff that drives the  snake back.
152) 10) dialog: I am the cloudburst that quenches  the flames.
152) 12) dialog: --I am the sea, which covers the  desert forever under its weight.
152) 15) dialog: Fog and mist! You couldn't be that.  You don't have enough magic.
154) 0) text: Merlin, huge, magnetic, enfolds Morgana in his cape.
154) 1) dialog: You are mine at last. I am the sea  and you will never escape me. Fog  and Mist...!?