120) 10) text: Holding Perceval by his limbs and hair, the men force him down on the bloody grating, drawing back his head, exposi his throat. Morgana kneels by his head, and draws the boy beside her. She holds the tip of the dagger to Perceval's neck and takes Mordred's hand and wraps it around the han Perceval is choked with fear, his heart pounding in his  throat.
120) 13) dialog: I feel it, Mother. I will give his  blood to the giant.
120) 14) text: The boy raises the dagger, and hesitates just a bit. Perc resigns himself bravely. He looks the child calmly in the eye. Mordred brings down the blade without strength, just piercing the skin with the tip. He lets go of the dagger, afraid now of his mistake. The dagger clatters to the grating and slips away down th drain, before Morgana can retrieve it. She rages against  Mordred. In the confusion, Perceval tears loose, the men  holding him slipping on the blood-wet stone. Perceval runs through the crowd. Immediately, lance lower a knight is upon him. Perceval leaps toward him, catching the lance in his hand, and pulling down the rider with it He jumps the rider and draws the knight's sword. Whirling the lance and cutting the air with the sword, he keeps ba the other knights for a moment, giving him time to see hi chance. He leaps onto the riderless horse and charges off through the crowd. He reins in abruptly, the horse rearin He is wary of the ground before him; there could be a hid pit. But there is no time to think. Knights and men on fo are rushing him. He spurs forward into a gallop, the hors striding mightily And its hind leg sinks into a pit, the  animal losing its gait. But the momentum carries the hors forward, and it recovers from the stumble. Perceval gallops away. Morgana is enraged. She shakes Mordred by the hair.
127) 0) text: The drawbridge lowers slowly, and Arthur moves away from and the other knights, and advances across it. Rooks wheel over the dead trees of the forest that surrou Camelot. A group of armed men waits at the edge of the fo One steps forward, a huge knight in black armor, the meta defining and exaggerating the powerful musculature of his body. He is Mordred, a young man of eighteen, and of  extraordinary beauty. A page follows ten steps behind him bearing an enormous spear, its points hooded. Arthur stop at the edge of the drawbridge, the huge knight a few step from him. Kay, ready for anything, moves halfway across t drawbridge. Mordred kneels on one knee.
127) 1) dialog: Father...
127) 3) dialog: I have come to claim what is mine,  Father.
127) 5) dialog: (his tone is scathing) And you are the great King? The lords  have rebelled. Invaders attack the  coasts. Crops don't grow. There is  nothing but plague and hunger in the  land. Only I am feared. I will be  king. You may have lost Excalibur,  but I have found my own weapon of  power. There.
127) 7) dialog: The very spear that pierced the side  of Christ as he died on the cross.
127) 9) text: Mordred is thrown off by the doubt Arthur has cast. Arthu looks upon his son, desperately trying to read him.
127) 11) dialog: And I offer only this, Father. To  commit with passion and pleasure all  the evils that you failed to commit,  as man and king.
127) 12) text: Arthur goes forward to embrace his son, a desperate attem Mordred recoils.
127) 13) dialog: We will embrace only in battle.  Father, and I will touch you only  with the blade of my spear.
127) 15) dialog: I will muster a great force of  knights, and I will return to fight  for what is mine.
150) 0) text: Cape flowing, Merlin sweeps between Mordred's war tents, in the logic of dreams, unseen by the guards. He passes a tent where the huge shadow of Mordred is thrown on the ca as he sharpens the blade of a fearsome spear. He enters a tent.
157) 2) dialog: That cannot be.
158) 1) dialog: (to the lieutenant) My mother has a sense for such things.  She said there would be no fog.
158) 2) text: Mordred enters his mother's tent.
159) 0) text: Mordred enters.
159) 1) dialog: ...Mother?
163) 2) text: Elsewhere on the battlefield, Mordred searches the dead,  accompanied only by his lieutenant, who turns over the bo of Arthur's knights.
163) 3) dialog: Where is Arthur?
163) 4) text: One of Arthur's knights reaches out blindly for help. Mor crushes his skull underfoot. The shaft of his huge lance caked with blood, as are his hands. Arthur and Perceval see Mordred and his lieutenant, and t King restrains Perceval from going forward.
163) 6) text: Shield on his left arm, and Excalibur in his right, he st toward Mordred.
163) 7) dialog: I wait for you, Father.
163) 8) text: Mordred advances forward, the huge spear in both hands an parallel to the ground. Arthur goes straight for him, shield ready to receive the blow. Mordred keeps walking, his arms now tensed back and ready to strike. Once they are within weapon's reach of each other, Mordre dashes forward and thrusts the spear. It glances off Arth shield, slides under his hauberk and penetrates the King' body, and so powerful was the blow that the blade pierces him right through. Mortally wounded, Arthur's scream of pain becomes a horri war cry, and he drives himself forward with all the stren he has along the spear shaft almost to Mordred's hands.  Mordred is knocked back and to the ground and Arthur pres down on him, the butt of the spear pinning Mordred. Arthu lifts Excalibur. Mordred attempts to free himself, as the blade of Excalibur descends upon him and cuts through met flesh and bone. Mordred's head falls to the ground, rolling away. Mordred's lieutenant flees. Perceval races to Arthur's si and supports the King who has fallen on his knees. Arthur speaks through the pain: