16) 1) dialog: Papa... Papa...
16) 3) dialog: My father is dead...
17) 0) text: The 'Duke' enters. The room is empty, but the door to  Morgana's room is open.
18) 3) text: Igrayne kisses Morgana, tucks her in and returns to her o room, closing the door. The child doesn't know whether to believe the truth of the dream or the waking truth.
21) 0) text: His lieutenants deposit the Duke of Cornwall's bloodless  body upon the long table. His eyes are wide open, icy and cunning even in death. The ladies of the castle support a comfort the grief-stricken Igrayne as she approaches the  body of her husband. Morgana hangs onto her mother's gown
21) 8) text: Morgana shows no distress. She runs her baby hands across her father's face and closes his eyes. The intensity that was frozen in them is now added to her own pale and cunni eyes.
24) 0) text: At his approach and entrance the ladies shrink back, and  Morgana edges closer to her mother, and seats herself on bed beside her. Ingrain holds her newborn baby in her arm the blood of birth still wet upon it.
24) 6) text: Uther waves away her words but does sit down on the bed,  exhausted. He notices Morgana, who stares at him.
25) 0) text: As Merlin walks through the castle, the baby crying in hi arms, the knights and ladies step back, afraid to interve in royal matters. INT. HALL, TINTAGEL CASTLE - NIGHT. Merlin comes across the empty banquet hall, cooing to the baby, strangely pacifying him. Morgana steps out of the  shadows in his path, and Merlin stops at the sight of the little girl, her pale eyes glaring at him. She speaks haltingly and clearly while far-off Igrayne cr out her distress.
25) 1) dialog: Merlin, are you now the father, and  the mother, of the baby?
77) 7) dialog: I remember you, Merlin. I was a child.  You took my brother away.
77) 8) text: Merlin laughs. Uryens shrugs and continues into the chape with Morgana. As she enters she glances back, and just th Merlin steals a look, their eyes meet.
78) 0) text: Uryens and Morgana take their places near the altar. Arth and Guenevere kneel before the Bishop, and Arthur takes h hand. The clatter of armor mingles with the enthusiastic, happy singing of the children, and seems to strengthen th song.
79) 0) text: The chorus carries across the field to the dark wall of t from which issues another chorus, of hoots and squawks an howls. Merlin advances along the edge of the forest. He s by the stone that once held the sword, his eyes wild. He  forgets his inner torment when he sees a plant at the bas of the stone. He kneels beside it and plucks it. He admir its strange flowers; he smells them. Two feet appear at his side. He rises to be face to face  with Morgana. They look deep into each other. Then Merlin breaks the silence.
79) 2) dialog: Is that Mandrake, Lord Merlin?
79) 4) dialog: Can it truly be used for magic?
79) 5) text: Merlin smiles at last, and Morgana does, her eyes piercin cruel and lovely.
84) 0) text: Guenevere, bearing a bowl of perfect, deep red apples,  approaches the Round Table, where Arthur sits and Merlin his side, attending to the affairs of the kingdom. Quite few of the knights occupy their seats, talking with each  other, drinking and laughing, attended by ladies and page Guenevere places the apples at Lancelot's empty place and takes her seat next to Arthur. In the archways that lead into the hall, petitioners wait eating, drinking, talking among themselves. In the din, n one pays attention to the vehement arguing of the fat man and the thin man, which continues even here. The hall is burgeoning, happy center of the kingdom. But Merlin is oblivious to the lively clamor. He gazes li a lovesick puppy across the table at Morgana, who bends o whispering to a knight at the table, the young Sir Gahalt while his older brother Sir Gawain listens. Morgana notic Merlin's stare and smiles at him, and then resumes her  flirtation with Sir Gahalt, much to Merlin's annoyance. Sir Kay ushers the thin man and the fat man into the open space at the center of the table for their audience with king. They quarrel even as Kay tries to present them, and the attention of the hall gradually focuses on them. The two men talk at once, interrupting, overlapping. FAT MAN
85) 0) text: The din of the petitioners is replaced by music. It is th hour of the evening feast, and all knights are present, e Lancelot. Whole tree trunks burn in the great fireplace, lambs roast on spits in the flames. Pages run to and fro  with trays of food and wine, Perceval among them. Morgana stops beside Merlin.
85) 1) dialog: What did I see today in the wizard's  eyes? Censure, because I enjoy a few  words with a young handsome knight?
85) 5) dialog: It's clear you are, and it irks me.
85) 7) dialog: A lovestruck page!
85) 10) dialog: A steamy, panting, lovestruck page.  But what good are songs and poems to  me? They are the barter of ordinary  love. A gift that reflected your  greatness is the only one worthy of  your love.
85) 13) dialog: The deepest secrets, the forbidden  formulas...
85) 24) text: He chuckles softly and Arthur is puzzled. A knight speaks out, the young knight with whom Morgana was flirting. His manner is sarcastic.
85) 30) text: Frightened, Gahalt doesn't answer. Morgana has slipped to Guenevere's side.
85) 31) dialog: Don't listen to him. You are the  Queen.
85) 35) text: Morgana picks the bowl up and as she does so, unseen by a and with a magician's dexterity, she thrusts her fingerna deep into the top apple. She gives the bowl to Guenevere, who takes it and sweeps around to where Sir Gahalt sits,  followed by Morgana. The young knight jumps to his feet.
85) 38) text: He is too shy to take the shiniest, most beautiful apple top, and goes for another one. Morgana giggles, and he lo at her. She looks at the apple on top and then smiles  encouragingly at him. Sir Gahalt takes it and starts eati as the Queen returns to her seat. With the third bite his is unable to breathe. His face go red and he rises to his feet, attempting to call out. He falls, dying immediately. All leap to their feet, and  Arthur rushes to the young knight. Merlin is asleep and f from human affairs. Arthur and Sir Gawain rise from the body of the young kni Sir Gawain backs away from Arthur and points at Guenevere trembling with cold rage.
85) 42) text: She begins to swoon and Morgana keeps her steady on her f Arthur slumps into his seat and Sir Gawain kneels before  him.
91) 14) text: Perceval cannot reply, his eyes affixed on the blood that trickles from Lancelot's hauberk. Lancelot raises his lan in salute to Gawain across the field. Gawain salutes in  answer. The two huge knights charge at each other, each man's spe tip making contact with the other's armor, and in the vio collision both are unhorsed. Lancelot is slower at gettin to his feet and drawing his sword. He is bleeding below the hauberk from his self-inflicted  wound. In the first onslaught Lancelot fights defensively, falli back. He has to toss aside his shield and hold his stomac with his shield hand. Morgana watches with Merlin. Every terrible blow of sword sword reverberates through her body pleasurable. Merlin i captivated by her cruel sensuality.
95) 7) text: He is bent close to Morgana, whispering. Only when the ha rings with laughter does he look up.
99) 10) text: They embrace. Merlin is on the verge of tears, his face  immediately sad and finally ancient. Arthur exits. Morgana, who has been watching from the shadows, watching from the shadows, slinks up to Merlin's side.
99) 11) dialog: Crazy old fool. You think yourself a  kingmaker. Ha! A meddler, more likely.  Look what a mess you've made of  things.
99) 15) dialog: You know what I want. I want the  secret of true magic, how to thicken  the stuff of dreams and wishes with  the flesh of the world.
99) 18) dialog: Then I will not.
105) 0) text: Merlin and Morgana descend winding steps cut out of rock. The only light comes from the glow of Merlin's staff.
105) 2) dialog: People make you laugh?
105) 5) dialog: Why?
106) 3) dialog: You are truly magnificent!
106) 6) dialog: Merlin, the powers of Summoning, the  true Name of the charms of Doing and  Undoing. Show me!
106) 9) dialog: Make magic, my foolish wizard. For  our love. Weave a marvelous room  around us, a room worthy of our  coupling.
106) 12) dialog: Walls of shining crystals, burning  with red fire, furnishings of metals  and jewels never seen by man...
106) 13) text: Morgana falls silent as Merlin raises a hand, majesticall intoning a harsh repetitive charm. The mineral veins of t cave begin to glow and fog seeps out from them enveloping the couple.
106) 15) text: Morgana burns with intensity. Merlin utters a formula and the fog coalesces around them into the shimmering presenc of crystal walls, fountains raining jewels, flowers made scented air, a bed of glass shot with light and covered w skins of animals dead before the time of man, goblets of  ruby, tapestries woven of golden hair. She reaches out to touch the wall and her hand plunges through the unmateria illusion.
106) 16) dialog: It's only a semblance. You disappoint  me.
106) 20) dialog: Do it, Merlin, the deepest secret.  Fix it with the charm of Making, for  our endless pleasure.
106) 21) text: He utters the ancient charm, Morgana listening closely,  memorizing it. The illusion is all of a sudden solid.
106) 23) text: She runs her hand across the hard crystal surface, her ey gleaming. From outside the wondrous room they can be seen to embrac He carries her to the magical bed where he makes love to  her, as they disappear from view in its effulgent light. She comes out through the crystal door, burning with evil intent. She turns to watch him asleep in the bed. She utters the charm of Summoning learnt from Merlin, and the room melts into an eddying carmine fog. Within it, Me struggles to awaken from the torpor of love, alarmed. Outside, Morgana utters the charm of Making and the gaseo mass begins to crystallize. Inside, Merlin is rising to his feet, breathing the red f his movements slowing to a standstill, his mouth opening a scream of horror. The cloud has metamorphosed into a magnificent cluster of red crystals.  Morgana peers into its facets and there sh sees, in fragments, Merlin's terror... an eye, the gaping mouth, a clawing hand--as he is entombed in the stone. Sh laughs in triumph.
110) 0) text: The wind keens. Thunder rolls overhead. Arthur enters his bedchamber. He sits by the empty fireplace, a broken man. Feminine hands light on his shoulders. He starts. He look up. It is Morgana. He smiles and grasps her hand.
110) 1) dialog: I'll weep for you, brother, for a  King must not weep.
110) 3) dialog: Do you know what Guenevere's maids  have whispered?
110) 5) dialog: That when the King returned from  battle...
110) 7) dialog: ...Guenevere would unlace his armor  and massage the burns where metal  rubbed on flesh...
110) 9) dialog: ...She would prepare a bath for you,  mixing special ointment in the  water...
110) 10) text: Arthur's eyes brim with tears. Morgana weeps, embracing h knees. He rests his hand gently upon her head, choked wit remembrance, soothing her. But as she weeps, she incants charm. Arthur looks down upon her, and the woman who looks up at him is Guenevere, a Guenevere with cold ice eyes. He is m weak by desire and weakened further by magic. He holds he face adoringly.
110) 13) text: She draws him to the floor and upon her body, holding him tightly to himself. Arthur trembles with excitement, path in his desperate passion. As he takes her, she shudders, losing control of the char and her features change till once again "Guenevere" is  Morgana. She holds him in a tight embrace so that he may see her. She whispers in his ear.
110) 14) dialog: The moon flows in my blood to meet  your seed. And already I bear him  who will be King.
110) 16) dialog: I could easily kill you, brother.  But I want you to live to see our  son be King. In me, the blood of  Cornwall will have its revenge; in  me, the blood of Uther will show its  dark side.
111) 0) text: Morgana, with a small party, rides away from the castle  through the lashing storm, till they are taken from sight the folds of the forest...
112) 1) dialog: Stand back, all of you. Through my  own body I have nurtured him with my  potions. I made him. I alone can  give him life.
114) 0) text: Morgana holds aloft her beautiful newborn baby, his body  glistening in a flash of lightening. She is triumphant. INT. CHAPEL, CAMELOT - NIGHT. A bolt of lightening strikes the chalice, rocking the cha and Arthur is knocked back violently. Rain lashes in through the shattered window upon the terr knights. They and the priest back away. Arthur is left al He rises and goes to the chalice, which is bent and crack He kneels before it. Steam hisses up as rain falls on it.
118) 2) dialog: (intoning) The blood of this knight will feed  the god in the earth, he is weak  with hunger, and he will be made  strong by this blood. Then he will  plant his seed, and the land will be  fertile once again.
120) 0) text: He gallops toward the giant's head. He checks his sword a lowers his lance. The knight charging forward on his war horse is an awesom sight, but the crowd around the giant's mouth is strangel unfrightened. Morgana is excited; she turns to the boy.
120) 1) dialog: Look, Mordred, a true prize for the  giant. The lamb rides into our jaws.
120) 3) dialog: (to Mordred) You must kill him, for this knight  is dear to your father. You must do  it and learn to enjoy your father's  pain.
120) 4) text: Her knights drag Perceval, unarmed, into Morgana's presen
120) 5) dialog: Have you found what you search for?  Have you found what Arthur seeks?
120) 7) dialog: You haven't, or you would be smiling  now in the face of death. Your quest  is an impossible one.
120) 9) dialog: Fool! (to the men holding  Perceval) Uncover him. I'll show you the mystery  of life. It's death... (to Mordred) Do it, Mordred!
120) 10) text: Holding Perceval by his limbs and hair, the men force him down on the bloody grating, drawing back his head, exposi his throat. Morgana kneels by his head, and draws the boy beside her. She holds the tip of the dagger to Perceval's neck and takes Mordred's hand and wraps it around the han Perceval is choked with fear, his heart pounding in his  throat.
120) 11) dialog: Feel the life through the dagger,  child. It belongs to you.
120) 14) text: The boy raises the dagger, and hesitates just a bit. Perc resigns himself bravely. He looks the child calmly in the eye. Mordred brings down the blade without strength, just piercing the skin with the tip. He lets go of the dagger, afraid now of his mistake. The dagger clatters to the grating and slips away down th drain, before Morgana can retrieve it. She rages against  Mordred. In the confusion, Perceval tears loose, the men  holding him slipping on the blood-wet stone. Perceval runs through the crowd. Immediately, lance lower a knight is upon him. Perceval leaps toward him, catching the lance in his hand, and pulling down the rider with it He jumps the rider and draws the knight's sword. Whirling the lance and cutting the air with the sword, he keeps ba the other knights for a moment, giving him time to see hi chance. He leaps onto the riderless horse and charges off through the crowd. He reins in abruptly, the horse rearin He is wary of the ground before him; there could be a hid pit. But there is no time to think. Knights and men on fo are rushing him. He spurs forward into a gallop, the hors striding mightily And its hind leg sinks into a pit, the  animal losing its gait. But the momentum carries the hors forward, and it recovers from the stumble. Perceval gallops away. Morgana is enraged. She shakes Mordred by the hair.
120) 15) dialog: You didn't kill him! You didn't kill  him!
120) 17) dialog: My dear, sweet boy...
121) 0) text: Perceval gallops down a trail. The black-armored knights Morgana chase him. Perceval reins into deep cover alongside the trail. The  pursuers thunder past and the sound of hooves recedes.  Perceval checks his newly found sword, slashes the air to feel the weapon's balance. He re-sheathes it. He pats the horse.
152) 1) dialog: You provoke me, Merlin.
152) 8) dialog: Burning with the fire of desire, I  am the flames that consume the staff  to ashes.
152) 11) dialog: I am the desert, where water  disappears--
152) 13) dialog: --I am the fog and mists that rise  up from the sea, escaping...
153) 0) text: Morgana tosses and mutters in her tormented dream.
153) 1) dialog: ...I have the desire and I have the  magic...
154) 0) text: Merlin, huge, magnetic, enfolds Morgana in his cape.
154) 2) text: And he laughs at her, suffocating her. Morgana begins cha the charm of Making, desperate--
159) 2) text: Morgana, withered, old, lies dead in the bed, wisps of sm rising from within her ruptured body.