81) 0) text: It is shadowy and dark; ancient trees creak, unseen anima cry out. A rabbit hops into view and a boy leaps forward, grabbing the animal by the ears before it can move. He-- Perceval--is a wild boy of seventeen, dressed in skins wi an endearing and childlike smile.
81) 1) dialog: (to the rabbit) Sorry. Hungry.
81) 2) text: A din is heard to the forest, and it grows. Perceval glan around, panicked. The sound is the rubbing of leather upo leather, of metal on metal, for now a mounted figure in a hovers over the terrified boy.
81) 3) dialog: (stuttering) Have I taken too much?
81) 4) text: He lets the rabbit go free. The threatening figure dismou And Perceval, cartwheels backward, landing in the stream scooping a fish out.
81) 5) dialog: (desperately trying  to ingratiate) I had rabbit yesterday. Today I'll  eat fish... No?
81) 8) text: Perceval is overcome with astonishment, and he kneels.
81) 9) dialog: You're an angel! Not a devil...
81) 12) dialog: You're a man?! (he reaches out to  touch Lancelot) ...with metal skin!
81) 13) text: Perceval is beside himself with enthusiasm.
81) 14) dialog: Can I grow metal skin?
82) 0) text: Lancelot is cantering and Perceval is running alongside,  shouting in gasps.
82) 1) dialog: I'll learn... take me... to the  King... What's a... King?
82) 2) text: Lancelot shakes his head and spurs the horse into a gallo Perceval lengthens his stride, and keeps up! Lancelot rei to a halt.
82) 4) dialog: I will run.
82) 6) dialog: Twenty days!? The world is that big?
83) 0) text: Perceval cannot believe his eyes. As Lancelot and Kay tal about him out of earshot, he sees things that he's never  seen before; and he gapes like the country bumpkin that h is. Dragon-like kites sweep low, maneuvered by children. In a meadow among the trees, knights hone their skills with la and sword, and ladies watch and their "bright eyes rain  influence and judge the prize." And then, there is Camelo itself; the great gate and the drawbridge; the massive wa and the soaring towers and spires above. Perceval rushes up to Lancelot and Kay.
83) 1) dialog: Who will give me my sword?
84) 11) text: The knights roar with laughter and the Fat Man and the Th Man look at each other in astonishment. Perceval lets out raucous laugh that wins him a glance of disapproval from  Kay.
85) 0) text: The din of the petitioners is replaced by music. It is th hour of the evening feast, and all knights are present, e Lancelot. Whole tree trunks burn in the great fireplace, lambs roast on spits in the flames. Pages run to and fro  with trays of food and wine, Perceval among them. Morgana stops beside Merlin.
85) 54) text: Sir Ector, old and feeble, weeps for Arthur. Someone spea up. It is Perceval, who kneels before the Queen. His voic is unnaturally loud, and his eyes shine with held-back te he stutters.
85) 55) dialog: I will champion you, my lady.
85) 58) dialog: I will find Lancelot! He will come!
85) 59) text: Perceval hurries from the hall. Arthur looks away, ashame and his eyes fall on Merlin, twitching and mumbling in hi sleep.
86) 0) text: In full armor but for his helmet, Lancelot is seated at a small table in the shadow of a tree, eating an apple. A young girl is turning a chicken on a spit, and her moth is removing freshly-baked bread from an oven. It is very  peaceful and silent until, galloping all out, Perceval  arrives. Frantic, out of breath, he leaps from his lather horse.
86) 1) dialog: I have found you. The Queen. An apple. Tomorrow. Sir Gawain...
86) 3) text: The two women set the chicken and the bread before the gr knight, and stand back to watch him eat, flushed with  excitement. Perceval falls silent, in awe of Lancelot.
90) 0) text: The Bishop blesses the field. Guenevere, numb and  disbelieving, is being led to the stake, which rises from bed of straw and wood. Arthur watches, in shock. Other kn and ladies keep their distance, watching darkly, stealing glances at Arthur, mumbling disapproval of his refusing t defend Guenevere. In battle dress, Sir Gawain rides up an down the jousting run on a snorting and powerful horse,  practicing. Perceval, in a mail doublet, waits beside a m roan, his face burning with anxiety. Guenevere is tied to the stake. All eyes watch for the  approach of her champion. Arthur goes to Perceval.
90) 2) dialog: He heard Lady Guenevere's request  and he said nothing. That is all.
91) 3) text: Perceval leaps onto his horse.
91) 4) dialog: Let me champion the Queen!
91) 9) text: Perceval leaps from his horse and bends his knee before t King. Arthur brings the sword down on the boy's shoulder, giving him the three strokes.
91) 11) dialog: ...Perceval!
91) 12) text: Gawain shakes his head disdainfully as Perceval mounts ba into the saddle, his eyes burning with fervor. Sir Gawain and Perceval ride to opposite ends of the fiel The spectators fall silent, all staring blankly, their se dulled by the tragedy, at the uneven combatants. A cry goes up. Lancelot rides out of the forest. He rides to the King and salutes him. Arthur smiles at his old fri tears of joy in his eyes. Lancelot bows toward Guenevere rides on to where Perceval waits. Lancelot reaches out to touch Perceval's cheek.
91) 14) text: Perceval cannot reply, his eyes affixed on the blood that trickles from Lancelot's hauberk. Lancelot raises his lan in salute to Gawain across the field. Gawain salutes in  answer. The two huge knights charge at each other, each man's spe tip making contact with the other's armor, and in the vio collision both are unhorsed. Lancelot is slower at gettin to his feet and drawing his sword. He is bleeding below the hauberk from his self-inflicted  wound. In the first onslaught Lancelot fights defensively, falli back. He has to toss aside his shield and hold his stomac with his shield hand. Morgana watches with Merlin. Every terrible blow of sword sword reverberates through her body pleasurable. Merlin i captivated by her cruel sensuality.
115) 4) text: Perceval, Kay and a few others draw their swords and touc their lips to the blades in oath. Sunbeams splash off the armor.
115) 5) dialog: I will go.
115) 8) text: He embraces Gawain, tears in his eyes. He turns to Percev and Perceval kneels.
115) 9) dialog: We will find the secret or die.
117) 0) text: Dangling from the branches of a dead tree are a dozen dea knights of the Round Table, crows pecking at the rotting  flesh in the chinks of armor. Perceval rides up, cries ou in horror, and spurs his horse away.
119) 0) text: Gawain's death cry and the din of the ritual carries to  Perceval's ears as he wanders through the wasteland. He d down his visor and spurs his horse forward.
120) 2) text: Perceval is galloping toward them when the ground gives w beneath the horse, and he and the animal plunge into a pi The cheering crowd rushes to the edge of the trap.
120) 4) text: Her knights drag Perceval, unarmed, into Morgana's presen
120) 6) text: Perceval doesn't answer, defiant and hiding his fear.
120) 8) dialog: That it might be impossible makes it  all the more necessary.
120) 10) text: Holding Perceval by his limbs and hair, the men force him down on the bloody grating, drawing back his head, exposi his throat. Morgana kneels by his head, and draws the boy beside her. She holds the tip of the dagger to Perceval's neck and takes Mordred's hand and wraps it around the han Perceval is choked with fear, his heart pounding in his  throat.
120) 12) text: The boy looks up at his mother. The vein in Perceval's ne pushes against the dagger's point.
120) 14) text: The boy raises the dagger, and hesitates just a bit. Perc resigns himself bravely. He looks the child calmly in the eye. Mordred brings down the blade without strength, just piercing the skin with the tip. He lets go of the dagger, afraid now of his mistake. The dagger clatters to the grating and slips away down th drain, before Morgana can retrieve it. She rages against  Mordred. In the confusion, Perceval tears loose, the men  holding him slipping on the blood-wet stone. Perceval runs through the crowd. Immediately, lance lower a knight is upon him. Perceval leaps toward him, catching the lance in his hand, and pulling down the rider with it He jumps the rider and draws the knight's sword. Whirling the lance and cutting the air with the sword, he keeps ba the other knights for a moment, giving him time to see hi chance. He leaps onto the riderless horse and charges off through the crowd. He reins in abruptly, the horse rearin He is wary of the ground before him; there could be a hid pit. But there is no time to think. Knights and men on fo are rushing him. He spurs forward into a gallop, the hors striding mightily And its hind leg sinks into a pit, the  animal losing its gait. But the momentum carries the hors forward, and it recovers from the stumble. Perceval gallops away. Morgana is enraged. She shakes Mordred by the hair.
121) 0) text: Perceval gallops down a trail. The black-armored knights Morgana chase him. Perceval reins into deep cover alongside the trail. The  pursuers thunder past and the sound of hooves recedes.  Perceval checks his newly found sword, slashes the air to feel the weapon's balance. He re-sheathes it. He pats the horse.
121) 1) dialog: We'll become good friends.
121) 2) text: He starts off again, into the patchless forest of dead tr He is suddenly set upon by a wildman who, swinging a smal uprooted tree, knocks him off his horse. Perceval crashes the ground and before he can use his sword the wildman ha knocked it out of his hand. It is Lancelot, demented, who furiously rains battering b on Perceval's armor, bellowing with rage. All that Percev can do is attempt to avoid the blows. Lancelot addresses  Perceval as if the young knight were Lancelot himself.
121) 4) text: Before Perceval can speak, Lancelot disappears again into the forest, his eyes blank, as though his encounter with young knight had never happened. A knot of pain, Perceval pulls himself up. He tries to ri into the saddle. He is too hurt to do it. He starts off o foot, slowly, leading the horse.
122) 0) text: It is very dark and Perceval has to feel his way. He comes to the edge of a stream. He kneels to drink, and the horse drinks beside him. Then he rests back on his he brooding, too tired to rise. He lowers his eyes, staring into the dark water, defeated empty. Before him in the water a long thin bar of light appears. looks at it amazed. Voices are heard singing very far awa He reaches out to touch the long strip of light but his h just disturbs the water. It is a reflection. The strip gr wider and the ethereal music is closer. Perceval looks up. The strip of light is before him,  suspended, thirty feet above. It continues to grow wider. drawbridge is being slowly lowered, allowing a powerful l to escape from within. Perceval is terrified. In pain, he slowly rises into the  saddle, ready to gallop off; but fascinated, hypnotized b the sight, he cannot, and he stays and watches. The dim outline of a castle becomes visible as the drawbr is lowered across the water to the ground at his feet. At the center of the blast of light coming from the castle,  Perceval can make out a burning chalice. The music swells a terrifying pitch, searing the forest.
123) 0) text: At the sight of the chalice, Perceval masters his fear. B in light and music, he spurs the horse forward onto the  drawbridge. Once he is on it, the bridge begins to rise. Unsure of it footing and blinded by the light, the horse becomes skitt and Perceval has to struggle to control it. He dismounts lead it, but the horse is terrified, rears up and jumps o the bridge, which continues to rise, drawn up by unseen h Perceval hesitates, then advances down the sloping drawbr into the castle courtyard. All details are bleached out b the blinding light. The chalice appears suspended in spac and now the figure of a man can be glimpsed standing behi it. Enchanting music from unseen singers grows and weaves.  Perceval looks back to see the drawbridge slowly closing, trapping him inside. He approaches the figure, his courage ebbing. Hands cuppi the chalice, it speaks to him.
123) 2) text: Perceval doesn't understand. He glances back again. The  drawbridge is nearly closed. Terror seizes him. Panicked, puzzled, baffled, he backs away. He scrambles u the drawbridge desperate to reach the top before it close He claws his way up till his hand grasps the top. He heav himself through the narrow closing slit which is about to crush him. He screams, and with a final effort he wriggle free and topples over crashing into the water below.
124) 0) text: He looks up. The drawbridge thunders shut, the last thin  strip of light disappearing; and now he is surrounded onl by the silence of the forest. Where there was a castle, now there is darkness. Perceval wades through the water. He has crossed the stream and al he can see and feel are tree trunks. The castle has  disappeared. He is utterly defeated.
124) 1) dialog: The chalice. The secret was in my  grasp. I let it slip, afraid for  myself. A question was asked. I didn't  understand. I didn't try. I failed...
128) 0) text: Asleep in the saddle, Perceval rides across burnt and  smoldering fields. The horse walks aimlessly; it is the s animal, mangy and old. A hoard of children in filthy rags closes in on him, begging, pulling at the horse's trappin He bolts awake and reins away. His eyes are red and fever Wild hope grips him when he sees a glinting light by a  farmhouse. He spurs the horse forward into a gallop.
129) 0) text: He leaps from the saddle and a terrified woman backs away Perceval plunges his hand into the source of light. It is nothing but the reflection of the dying sun in a bucketfu of water. Perceval covers his face.
129) 1) dialog: Illusions. I will never find it  again... I am sorry, woman, that I  frightened you.
129) 3) dialog: Good woman, do you have any food?  Some water?...
129) 6) text: At least ten peasants encircle Perceval and he is too  exhausted to put up a fight. They grab him and carry him  away. Other peasants pull his horse to the ground, and on raises and ax to kill it.
130) 0) text: They throw Perceval down an escarpment and he rolls into fast-moving water. He is swept downstream and thrown  ferociously against the rocks in the stream bed, crying o in pain.
131) 1) dialog: I have lost my horse, my armor, my  sword. I have lost my way. I have  lost my strength. I have lost  everything... I will not lose hope.
134) 0) text: Heading for the source of the light he ascends what seem be a staircase. He enters a hall where the chalice stands suspended, burning with light, and the mysterious music s and grows. Perceval approaches the diaphanous and featureless Figure who stands over the chalice.
134) 2) dialog: You, my lord.
134) 4) dialog: Because you and the land are one.
134) 6) dialog: You and the land are one. Drink from  the chalice. You will be reborn and  the land with you.
134) 7) text: Perceval cups his hands around the chalice to lift it. Bu they close on nothing, and he draws back. The Figure's ha although insubstantial, grasp Perceval's and appear to ho his hands around the cup.
134) 9) text: Perceval begins to kneel.
134) 10) dialog: You are my lord and King. You are  Arthur.
135) 0) text: Perceval falls to his knees before Arthur and he holds th chalice, now whole again, up to the King. It fills with b from within and Arthur takes it from Perceval. He drinks. And having done so, he seems to become younger and to gro in strength.
135) 2) text: Sir Kay stands by the vast fireplace where a small fire b and only now looks up and is aware of Perceval.
141) 0) text: Excalibur gleams in the sunlight. Arthur holds it high, a the head of a small force of knights under the banner of Dragons. Kay and Perceval ride at his side. Plumed helmet shields blazing with armorial colors, pennants flying in clean wind from their lances; it is a brave sight. The tr are in blossom and dandelion fluff billows up at their  passage.
160) 0) text: Arthur, with Kay and Perceval, canters through the white  fog. They are flanked by a phalanx of knights in silver a
160) 4) text: He spurs forward, while Arthur reins to a halt, watching disappear. Perceval and a few knights stay behind and sur the King.
161) 0) text: It is full day, and the fog blinds with its painful glare Arthur with Perceval at his side rides through the fog,  searching. Perceval takes up a challenge against the King He unhorses this opponent, piercing him with his lance. H returns to the King's side.
161) 1) dialog: There are too many on Mordred's side.  We cannot hold out much longer.
161) 2) text: Kay is glimpsed fighting on foot, hurt, barely holding hi own, but then the sight is hidden in the fog. Kay overcomes his opponent and stops to catch his breath. is amazed by what he sees. A knight, in old, battle-scarr armor whose pieces don't match, cuts down the knights in  black in foray after foray, wheeling and turning in a  brilliant and ruthless spectacle of martial arts. He figh without a shield, a lance in his left hand and sword in h right. Kay moves away in search of Arthur. Arthur and Perceval watch the lone knight meting out deat with such terrible beauty, weaving in and out of the fog.
161) 5) text: He spurs his horse forward to join him, but Perceval is q to stop him.
161) 6) dialog: No, my lord. We seek Mordred.
162) 0) text: Arthur and Perceval ride alone, the accompanying knights  gone, the dying and the dead and the crazed horses all ar them. Squires are carrying Kay upon his shield. He is dead. Art leaps to the ground and reaches out to touch his face, an closes his eyes. He stifles his tears.
162) 3) text: Arthur rushes off, Perceval following on horseback. Lancelot is mortally wounded, blood flowing from his abdo his eyes open but his gaze dead. Arthur falls to his side
162) 5) text: But there is no one now except the dead and wounded, and  Perceval, who dismounts to watch over the King, sword dra Desperate, Arthur stops the wound with his hand. Lancelot eyes are sightless, but tears spill from them.
162) 16) text: A boyish smile settles over the features of Lancelot's fa and he dies. Arthur holds him to his breast, his eyes shu tight. A strong wind rises. Perceval kneels beside Arthur.
162) 17) dialog: The fog is lifting. Only we remain  alive.
163) 0) text: Arthur and Perceval rise, and as far as they can see acro the green hills that roll down to the sea lies the afterm of the massacre. Hacked bodies, abandoned armor, steaming horse carcasses, everything still. The murmur of the dyin is carried on the wind to the soft roar of the sea. The  squires have fled the scene of horror.
163) 4) text: One of Arthur's knights reaches out blindly for help. Mor crushes his skull underfoot. The shaft of his huge lance caked with blood, as are his hands. Arthur and Perceval see Mordred and his lieutenant, and t King restrains Perceval from going forward.
163) 8) text: Mordred advances forward, the huge spear in both hands an parallel to the ground. Arthur goes straight for him, shield ready to receive the blow. Mordred keeps walking, his arms now tensed back and ready to strike. Once they are within weapon's reach of each other, Mordre dashes forward and thrusts the spear. It glances off Arth shield, slides under his hauberk and penetrates the King' body, and so powerful was the blow that the blade pierces him right through. Mortally wounded, Arthur's scream of pain becomes a horri war cry, and he drives himself forward with all the stren he has along the spear shaft almost to Mordred's hands.  Mordred is knocked back and to the ground and Arthur pres down on him, the butt of the spear pinning Mordred. Arthu lifts Excalibur. Mordred attempts to free himself, as the blade of Excalibur descends upon him and cuts through met flesh and bone. Mordred's head falls to the ground, rolling away. Mordred's lieutenant flees. Perceval races to Arthur's si and supports the King who has fallen on his knees. Arthur speaks through the pain:
163) 10) text: Perceval holds the King tight to himself with one arm, wh with the other he draws the shaft through and out of Arth body. Arthur sags but doesn't fall. Perceval begins to re his armor to get at the gaping wounds. The King speaks sl softly, from outside his own pain-wracked body.
163) 12) dialog: I cannot--
163) 14) text: Perceval, stunned by the command, doesn't move.
163) 16) text: Perceval picks up the sword, mounts his horse and rides  inland. Arthur watches him go, struggling with the pain,  still kneeling, and then his head falls to his chest.
164) 0) text: Perceval steps through tall reeds to the edge of a pool. cannot bring himself to throw Excalibur into the water. H examines the blade, and it is haloed with a faint iridesc
164) 1) dialog: It is too precious a thing. I can't...
165) 0) text: Perceval dismounts, rushing to kneel at the King's side.  Arthur looks up, calm and intense.
165) 2) dialog: ...I saw nothing.
165) 3) text: The King looks at him with piercing power. Perceval blurt it out.
165) 4) dialog: My King, I couldn't do it. Excalibur  cannot be lost. Other men--
165) 6) text: Perceval leaves once more. The daylight is failing, the s is near the horizon over the sea, bursting through clouds
166) 0) text: He picks up the sword and looks at it for a long time.  Finally, with great misgiving, he hurls it into the middl of the pool. As Excalibur is about to touch the water a  woman's hand reaches and grasps it by the hilt. It holds sword aloft for a moment and then draws it under. Perceval backs away from the pool stunned by the marvel.
167) 0) text: Perceval returns to the King, terribly excited, shouting  from his horse:
167) 1) dialog: Arthur!
167) 2) text: But Arthur isn't there. Perceval looks around him, he doe understand. He sees a trail of blood. He spurs his horse follows the trail down to the sea.
168) 0) text: There is a trail of blood and prints upon the sand left b man crawling. Perceval follows them toward the sea. He looks around,  searching, terribly distraught. Where the blood and prints cease, there are many footprin coming from and returning into the sea. Perceval looks ou across the waves. He sees a sailing vessel rising on the swell. On its deck can make out the distant figure of Arthur, lying surround by women, their gossamer robes rippling in the wind. The hovers on the horizon and the ship is heading for it. He gallops into the waves until his horse will go no furt calling out with all his strength, a futile attempt:
168) 1) dialog: Arthur! Will you return?
168) 3) dialog: All the knights of the Round Table  are dead. Excalibur is returned.  Arthur is gone. Maybe he lives, maybe  he will return...
168) 5) dialog: Only I remain, and this...