2) 0) text: Waiting on one bank of a small river that flows through t forest is a warlord, the Duke of Cornwall. He is flanked his armored warriors. Lot of Lowthean prominent among the They are battle-weary and bloodied, but they look ready t fight. Behind them is an army of lesser knights. To the opposite bank come Uther and Merlin, a much smalle force of knights, including Uryens, Lord of Gore, surroun them.
26) 0) text: The forest is dark and shiny with rain. An unseen battle  rages. The first combatant in sight is Uther, who swings the mig Excalibur, cutting an attacker in half at the waist. Uthe and a small force of knights, Ulfius among them, are  retreating through the slippery wet forest, completely  outnumbered. Lord Lot of Lowthean and Lord Uryens of Gore are the lead of the attack.
26) 1) dialog: (to his men) The King's sword. I must have it.
30) 2) text: He shoves Uryens aside, but he can't loosen the sword eit and he rages with frustration.
31) 0) text: Peasants spill over the crest of a hill. They are fleeing force of armored knights, their plumed helmets forged in semblance of predatory animals. The knights thunder past peasants, trampling the ripening crops. Sir Uryens is the leader, his hard face indifferent to the havoc he leaves his wake. The peasants watch in mute anger.
45) 10) text: Arthur is about to grasp the hilt when Uryens and Lot, an other nobles, Leondegrance of Camelyarde, and Sir Caradoc and Sir Turquine among the younger, stride up.
45) 11) dialog: Stand back, Sir Ector, and take your  children.
45) 13) text: Uryens, Lot, Leondegrance, Caradoc, Turquine - each in tu grapples with the sword, only to be defeated by its  immobility. The crowd around the stone is thickening with common folk.
45) 20) text: The commoners and some of the knights react with roaring  enthusiasm. The others draw closer to Uryens and Lot and  their supporters, closing ranks around them.
45) 37) dialog: You're trying to foist a boy of  dubious birth upon us. You want to  shame us?
47) 0) text: Uryens and Lot, and Caradoc, Turquine, and the other lord have mounted, and are moving out, when from the rear guar bowman in Lot's service draws upon the unarmored figure o Arthur across the cheering crowd. The bowman lets the arr fly. It flies over the heads of the crowd, unseen. Except by Merlin at Arthur's side. He extends his arms ha up, his fists clenched tightly as if drawing urgently on power within himself. The sound of wings is heard as he f his arms. The arrow flies toward Arthur. Arthur sees the arrow coming right at him, when a swoopin crow plucks it out of the air. Arthur watches the crow flapping its wings, climbing swif the arrow in its beak, disappearing over the forest. Only has noticed. When he turns Merlin is no longer at his side; to the  puzzlement of all. And Arthur is all of a sudden terribly alone and afraid, as people from all sides clamor for his attention and guidance.
52) 0) text: A bellowing dragon advances. Its eyes burn, its scales gl from light shining from within. It snorts fire from its  nostrils. Uryens and Lot, Caradoc and Turquine, the great knights i command of the siege of Leondegrance's castle, back away  speechless as the monster descends upon their unprepared camp. All around them, squires and lesser knights flee in panic and confusion. Only a dozen or so remain with their leaders. The group b up against the swampy moat that surrounds the castle, wai with swords drawn. The dragon moves closer, and now it becomes apparent that is nothing more than a force of knights and footmen. Thei shields glinting in the moonlight are the dragon's scales torches its burning eyes. And the snorting flames from it nostrils are only Merlin doing a fire-eater's trick. The dragon form dissolves, and a banner rises bearing the emblem of the Dragon, and under it, Arthur and Ector and lead a charge of twenty knights. In Arthur's hands, Excalibur leaves an electric glow upon the air.
54) 0) text: Arthur and his men charge into the enemy ranks. Lot's and Uryens' people are pushed into the moat. Although the wat is only waist-deep, the fallen, weighed down by their arm drown. The horses of the attackers are brought down, Arth among them. He pulls out from under it, limping. Bleeding form wounds, cutting, slashing, thrusting, he falls back  from the havoc of the charge. A small distance exists now between the foes, a brief res Uryens and Lot, exhausted, bleeding, and fierce in their  rage:
54) 1) dialog: War-wise fighters, grown gray in  battle, checkmated by a boy.
58) 0) text: Arthur fights like a wounded lion at the center of the sa melee of sword and shield, and once again the two sides f apart. Uryens and Lot are standing in the moat among the bodies their men, are reduced to eleven knights, all wounded. Arthur is flanked by twenty men at arms, most of them wou and trembling now beyond exhaustion with blood lust. Arth steps forward alone, and addresses his opponents.
58) 2) dialog: Noble knights swear faith to a mere  squire?
58) 5) text: He unsheathes Excalibur and goes forward, kneeling before Uryens and offering him the sword.
58) 8) text: Arthur, kneeling, bows his head and Uryens steps up to hi his features set. He accepts the sword. Lot watches, a ma hope dancing in his eyes.
60) 0) text: Uryens stands towering above the boy. He smiles enigmatic He lifts Excalibur. Merlin is attempting to push through the crowded ranks to get to Arthur. He's frantic and worried for once.
60) 2) text: Uryens swiftly lowers the sword on Arthur's neck; with th flat of the blade he gives Arthur the three strokes.
60) 3) dialog: In the name of God, of Saint Michael  and Saint George, I give you the  right to bear arms, the power to  mete justice.
60) 6) text: Uryens is deeply moved.
60) 7) dialog: Rise, my King. I am your humble  knight, and I swear allegiance to  the courage in your veins, for so  strong it is, it's source must be  Uther. I doubt you no more.
60) 8) text: Arthur rises and Uryens kneels and kisses his hands. Sir  Ector turns away to hide brimming tears. Merlin pushes th finally, out of breath. Uryens embraces Leondegrance whil Lot and the other enemy knights kneel in turn and kiss  Arthur's hands.
63) 0) text: War tents have been pitched beneath the majestic trees. N the banner of the Dragon a doe grazes. Arthur is older, i battle-scarred plate armor, pacing and angry. He is watch by his wounded and bruised knights--Kay, Uryens, Lot,  Leondegrance, Caradoc, and some new young faces among the ranks. No one talks. The harsh clank of its battle trappings announces the arr of a horse. All eyes watch it walk into the camp. A knigh is slouched in the saddle. Arthur runs to meet the horse, followed by squires and so of the knights. He eases the rider to the ground, unlaces his helmet. It Sir Ector, and his hauberk is badly dented. Tears burn in Arthur's eyes.
66) 5) text: Arthur turns toward Uryens.
66) 7) dialog: Victory!
77) 3) text: Strangling a laugh he wrenches himself away. Just then Ur and a small party of knights rides up through the tents a dismounts in front of the church. Uryens helps a lady off her horse and joins the cortege on foot.
77) 4) dialog: Merlin, don't you join the  celebration?
77) 5) text: Merlin, who was slinking away through the throng of  bystanders, looks up. What he sees sends a chill through body. At Uryens' side stands a young woman of sinister beauty,  with bewitching eyes of ice. Merlin just stares at her, a she smiles back at him faintly.
77) 6) dialog: My wife, Merlin. Lady Morgana of  Cornwall.
77) 8) text: Merlin laughs. Uryens shrugs and continues into the chape with Morgana. As she enters she glances back, and just th Merlin steals a look, their eyes meet.
78) 0) text: Uryens and Morgana take their places near the altar. Arth and Guenevere kneel before the Bishop, and Arthur takes h hand. The clatter of armor mingles with the enthusiastic, happy singing of the children, and seems to strengthen th song.