1) 4) dialog: (disgusted) Talk. Lovers murmuring to each  other...
2) 0) text: Waiting on one bank of a small river that flows through t forest is a warlord, the Duke of Cornwall. He is flanked his armored warriors. Lot of Lowthean prominent among the They are battle-weary and bloodied, but they look ready t fight. Behind them is an army of lesser knights. To the opposite bank come Uther and Merlin, a much smalle force of knights, including Uryens, Lord of Gore, surroun them.
2) 2) text: Uther and the Duke of Cornwall glare at each other in sil across the river. Uther strains forward, burning with ang but Merlin restrains him.
2) 3) dialog: I should butcher all and every one  of them. Merlin, what is this wagging  of tongues?
2) 5) text: Uther unsheathes his mighty sword, and brandishes it in t air high over his head. The blade hums disquietingly and  leaves a lingering electric hue upon the air. The marvel  instills dread in all present.
2) 7) dialog: (bellowing) One land, one king! That is my peace!
2) 10) dialog: Me, yield!?
2) 11) text: Merlin urges Uther hard.
2) 14) dialog: The land from here to the sea is  yours if you will enforce the King's  will.
3) 0) text: Drums and wailing flutes fill the banquet hall with a lus rhythm. Armored warriors watch a lone woman dancing. She very beautiful, both sensuous and innocent. Uther sits at the long table beside the Duke of Cornwall  with the barons and dukes of the land, and the lesser kni The table is stained with wine and littered with bones an half-eaten fruit. Uther's eyes burn with lust as he watches the dancer.
3) 3) dialog: I must have her.
3) 6) dialog: (oblivious) I must have her.
3) 8) text: Uther is not one for politics, and Lot's words sail past  him. The King lusts for Igrayne. A bell is struck not far away. The music ceases and the h falls silent. The great door creaks open, revealing the d light, and a monk steps into the hall and waits by it. Mu by corridors of stone, a choir of monks can now be heard  singing the high, ecstatic harmonies of the Te Deum. Thos who have fallen asleep at the table are roused, those dru helped up.
4) 0) text: The monk leads the party down the hallway of the castle.  Thin shafts of dawnlight filter through archers' slits in the thick walls onto stone floors. Otherwise, it is dark. Each person, lady and knight, proceeds alone, head bent,  some crossing themselves. Uther is among them. He stops in a dark alcove, breathing heavily, waiting. As the lovely Igrayne drifts past him, he pulls her out o sight of the others. In a shaft of pale light Uther clasps Igrayne to his  breastplate, his iron arm wrapped around her frail body. violent is his embrace that she cannot breathe, her mouth wide with fear, and her feet do not touch the ground; an  impaled butterfly.
4) 1) dialog: You will be mine. Wife and queen,  bed and crown.
4) 2) text: His face is close to hers, looking as though he would dev her tender whiteness with his kiss. She doesn't answer; s can't. Even Uther understands this and lets her go.
4) 4) text: Her gown and her fragile skin torn on the spikes of his a Igrayne backs away and joins the procession. Uther trembles with unreleased passion.
5) 0) text: Igrayne enters the candlelit chapel from which issues the chant, calling the castle to worship. She rushes to her  husband's side, kneeling next to him and whispering. The  Duke of Cornwall looks back at Uther, hatred in his eyes.
6) 0) text: Uther is in a towering rage. Sword drawn, he stalks among the biers of fallen knights. Squires and clerics keep a  healthy distance. The sky is lowering, pregnant with roll thunder. Beyond his encampment, high on a cliff rising ou of the sea stands the impregnable Tintagel Castle, seat o the Duke of Cornwall, now under siege.
6) 1) dialog: (bellowing in all  directions) Merlin! Where are you!?
6) 3) dialog: Have you found him?
6) 11) dialog: (exploding) Dumb riddles, Merlin. I am your King.
6) 14) text: The Duke of Cornwall under siege. All this for lust. Self lust. Uther grabs Merlin.
6) 15) dialog: For Igrayne. One night with her. Do  it. Use the magic.
6) 16) text: Merlin frowns pensively, his gaze searching strange dista and wandering; then focusing, blazing straight at Uther.
6) 18) text: Uther kneels and draws his sword and holds it up by the b a cross.
6) 19) dialog: I swear it. By Excalibur and the  holy--
6) 21) dialog: I swear it.
7) 0) text: The Duke of Cornwall watches a force of armored knights r forth from Uther's war camp, with banners flying. It pass beneath the castle and on toward a distant cliff.
8) 0) text: Uther and his knights, and Merlin on a mule, ride to the  high promontory and dismount. Here, overlooking the sea, a circle of ancient stones, carved with strange runes and hieroglyphics, and as the wind moves through them it moan and sighs. The knights watch as Merlin and Uther, leading his horse, walk toward the stones. Merlin strides into the circle,  turning to look at Uther, who hesitates.
8) 2) text: Uther starts to make the sign of the cross, but Merlin ha him with a gesture. Uther's hand drops, and he enters the circle with his horse. Merlin and Uther look out across the sea, to Tintagel Cas high upon the cliff. Merlin solemnly raises his arms toward that distant castl and chants in an ancient language, the sounds of which he marries to the roaring and whining of the wind. The wind  becomes stronger, and Merlin's incantations become more  intense, and the wind in turn becomes wilder still. Until Merlin is charged with a fierce, nonhuman power, as the w buffets his slight frame. And then, for all to understand:
11) 0) text: The advancing front envelops Merlin and Uther, eddying ar the stones.  All else is obliterated.
11) 4) text: Uther spurs straight for the edge of the cliff, then rein in his horse abruptly.
11) 5) dialog: But the cliff, the sea...
11) 8) text: He gives the horse a stinging blow with his staff. The horse and Uther charge forward into a gallop and step off where the hidden edge of the cliff would be, hoofbeat ceasing and the horse dropping for the blink of an eye, t gallop across the fog.
12) 0) text: Galloping on no visible terrain, Uther and his horse adva through the restless fog, and as they recede rider and an become a wavering, changeable form within the cloud.
20) 2) text: He lifts himself up on his staff. He stands in the midst the ancient stones, bristling with excitement. Uther's mi knights are asleep, a deep unnatural sleep, huddled toget and surrounded by their horses. And then Merlin swoons,  collapsing to the ground.
22) 0) text: Merlin has been propped up against one of the stones. He in a deep trance and Uther is attempting to shake him awa
22) 1) dialog: I want her, Merlin. I cannot be  without her. Tintagel is mine. Can I  take her now? Tell me!
23) 0) text: Uther strides to Igrayne's bedchamber, his warrior knight following. He is dirty and his iron dress is blood-spatte
23) 1) dialog: (bellowing) Three horses died under me, so hard  did I spur them here. Is it born? Is  it alive?
24) 1) dialog: Out!
24) 3) dialog: What is it, lady?
24) 6) text: Uther waves away her words but does sit down on the bed,  exhausted. He notices Morgana, who stares at him.
24) 7) dialog: Send the girl away.
24) 9) dialog: Out!
24) 13) dialog: She watches me with her father's  eyes.
24) 15) dialog: Igrayne, is he mine, or -
24) 18) text: Uther draws a dagger. He lifts it.
24) 21) dialog: Through him, I will learn to love  them, for I am tired of battle. I  will stay by his side and (looking shyly at  Igrayne) his mother's...
24) 23) dialog: Here. It's hungry.
24) 24) text: And his free hand opens her shift, and he holds a swollen breast in his gloved hand, squeezing gently. Milk bubbles from it and he thrusts the baby's mouth onto it. Igrayne weeps and Uther watches proudly as the baby suckl Merlin advances from the window, his cape the same irides green-black as the feathers of the crows that were perche by the window.
24) 25) dialog: Merlin! Out of the sick sleep at  last.
24) 27) text: Uther avoids looking at him.
24) 29) dialog: I?
24) 31) text: Uther is shaken to his roots. Igrayne watches, trying to  understand.
24) 32) dialog: The oath. You didn't say--
24) 35) dialog: I swore an oath, Igrayne. I made a  pact with Merlin.
24) 36) text: Igrayne suddenly understands. She glares at Uther.
24) 38) text: Uther is caught, and turns to Merlin who is harsh and  unswaying.
24) 40) dialog: To kill and be king, is that all?
24) 42) dialog: You strike me with words as hard as  steel.
24) 44) text: Uther wrenches the baby from it's mother's breast and han him to Merlin.
24) 45) dialog: (in torment) By the oath, take the devil child.  Take him!
24) 48) text: Uther stops her with his bulk and she claws savagely at h chest to get past him. He weeps as he folds his arms arou her.
26) 0) text: The forest is dark and shiny with rain. An unseen battle  rages. The first combatant in sight is Uther, who swings the mig Excalibur, cutting an attacker in half at the waist. Uthe and a small force of knights, Ulfius among them, are  retreating through the slippery wet forest, completely  outnumbered. Lord Lot of Lowthean and Lord Uryens of Gore are the lead of the attack.
26) 2) text: Ulfius and his men stand their ground so the King may esc the onslaught. They are hacked down. Uther flees alone, severing the limbs of any man and tree that stands in his way.
27) 0) text: Uther has gained on his pursuers. He comes to a small cle where the spine of a buried boulder rises through the for floor. He stops upon it, breathing hard, dripping blood. rages aloud, but his throat is raw and cracked and only a whisper comes out.
27) 1) dialog: Merlin, where are you? To weave a  mist, to hide us...
27) 3) dialog: No one shall have the sword. No one  shall wield Excalibur but me.
28) 0) text: The forest quakes. The knights searching for Uther halt i fear.
30) 0) text: Uther staggers away, colliding with trees, staggering,  crashing to the ground. Until the only life left in him i the coursing of his blood, flowing from his gaping mouth  onto the leaves on the forest floor. The enemy knights advance through the trees. They prod at the fallen leviathan, they roll him over to get at his  scabbard. Only then do they see the sword in the stone, a they stop, amazed and afraid. Their captains appear. Urye sees what they are staring at, and races to the sword and attempts to pull it out. He strains with all his might, but it is immovable.
34) 0) text: Red with the first light of day, Excalibur rests in the s as King Uther left it. The field is itched with tents, ea flying its heraldic banner. Knights and squires are  everywhere, preparing horses and armor for the joust. A b man in religious robes harangues the crowd, vying for  attention.