8) 6) dialog: Then it’s a good thing it’s not the elevator you’re here to see. DR. MINWAY ZHANG - 60s, but brimming with the enthusiasm child, has been waiting for them here on the--
9) 1) dialog: You are looking at something few people have ever seen. Life 1,000 feet beneath the surface... Standing next to Zhang, his granddaughter MEIYING, 8, see to take delight in watching the VIPs’ jaws drop.
9) 2) dialog: On behalf of my granddaughter, Meiying, I welcome you to the Observation Level. A structure designed with the knowledge that nothing man makes will ever compete with the majesty of the sea.
10) 0) text: We WALK with the group as Zhang leads them around a porti of the O-Level. Pausing to point out certain species of s life as they make appearances outside the glass.
10) 1) dialog: Mana-one’s location, on the edge of a tectonic shelf, means we get an incredible variety of aquatic life. From something as common as the Bluefin Tuna... (two 800-lbs glide by) ...to something as rare and spectacular as... .--He nods for Meiying to identify what she sees outside:
10) 7) dialog: For years, I’ve traveled the world, urging people to take better care of the sea. My hope is now, by bringing the world here, the sea will speak for itself. There is some spontaneous applause for the achievement.
10) 9) dialog: ...Yes. As you may remember, Mana- One is built where it is to give us access to the deepest reaches of our planet. The Marianas Trench. Nearly seven miles below the surface at its base, the mysteries of the trench hold the keys to a better understanding of the world in which we live. And yet it remains a place mankind has seen less of than the planet Mars. Our (MORE )
11) 0) text: Zhang, Morris, Meiying and the VIPs emerge from the eleva and find themselves in a Mission-Control like space, know the DIVE CONTROL CENTER (DCC). A small TEAM OF PERSONNEL (who we'll get to know) is monitoring every aspect of the current mission into the trench. A dazzling array of vide screens shows us everything from the CREW MEMBERS’ VITAL SIGNS, to IMAGES FROM INSIDE THE SUBS, and of course, IMA OF WHAT’S OUTSIDE THE SUBS. A TACTICAL DISPLAY shows a computer representation of the dive going on right now. Two sleek ABYSS GLIDERS (Fastbac and Fastback 2) are orbiting at 20,000 feet down, acting sonar eyes in the sky for the two MULE SUBS (Angel 1 and Angel 2) that are actually in the trench placing the last the UNIS BOTS into position. The DIVE OPERATIONS CHIEF, James “MAC” Mackriedes, 30s, r around the edges, nods ‘hello’ to the VIPs and then resum what he’s doing. JAMES “MAC” MACKRIEDES (into a mic) Angel one, have you got that last bot in position? ANGEL ONE, the first of the Mules, is captained by JUNJIE Chen and co-piloted by CARL Sheppherd. We see their cockp on a screen. There’s a delay between the video and audio:
11) 9) dialog: Go ahead, please. Dimitri and Fan rapidly execute a series of keystrokes - reach the final button-push. Fan turns to MEIYING. Let’s push this last button together. As they do, Fan says...
12) 0) text: Applause breaks out. Zhang, beaming...
12) 1) dialog: We did it. All of us.
12) 3) dialog: Have no fear. That Angler Fish is only 6 inches long. And it’s six miles beneath us. There’s a MOMENT where everyone just marvels at what they see. Is that a tear in ZHANG’S eye? MAC and HELLER embrac FAN reaches out and surreptitiously SQUEEZES DIMITRI’S HA a secret romance between the fiery gal and icy Russian. PING... Amidst the celebratory laughs, a lone SONAR PING. And then another... PING...
17) 13) dialog: Are you saying we have to put all the BOTS back in position? Dimitri nods. That’s a lot of work. Mac turns to Zhang.
17) 17) dialog: Dr. Heller, will it be safe for them to stay down there that long?
17) 19) dialog: Come on, sweetie, I’1l take you back to your room. Mommy's going to be down there a while longer.
46) 2) dialog: Any guess as to what hit you?
46) 4) dialog: How much air do they have?
49) 3) dialog: Captain Taylor, I’m--
50) 5) dialog: It was my decision. That part of the trench has never been explored, its combination of depth and expanse make it--
50) 11) dialog: Captain, I’ve read your account of what happened to you. Before today, (MORE )
50) 13) dialog: I wouldn't have given credence to your theories. But now... Now, two of my friends are dead. And my daughter is only alive by providence. I’m here, we're here, because you give us the best chance of not adding any more friends to that list. Jonas looks out at the field of fossils. We don’t see wha he’s looking at, but we know he’s made up his mind.
56) 17) dialog: No one appreciates your expertise more than I do, but this is our operation, we’re doing it as planned. Is that a problem? Jonas considers it - looks at Mac.
61) 0) text: FAN has the dive up on TACTICAL DISPLAY. HELLER has all their vitals on screen. DIMITRI and ZHANG are at the planning table, and MAC (with Morris behind him) is at th center of it all.
63) 3) dialog: It’s a dense layer of cold water that separates the upper ocean from the deep sea.
68) 2) dialog: No. The thermocline is a wall.
80) 0) text: Morris and Zhang greatly relieved. Dimitri satisfied with his work. Fan squeezes his hand.
130) 2) dialog: He did it... He did it... Joy begins to ripple through the DCC, and it increases te fold when they hear Jonas’ deadpan voice over the coms:
132) 4) dialog: Fifty degrees. ANGEL THREE’S TEMP gauge - now at 58, ticks down to 57...
144) 0) text: A room with a view of the Pacific. Right now it hosts an INTENSE DISCUSSION between Zhang, Morris, Heller, and Mac
144) 6) dialog: In general, the deeper you go, the further you get from the sun, the colder the ocean gets.
144) 8) dialog: Yes, a portion of the deepest ocean is heated by volcanic vents. In these areas, as you get away from the heat source, so in this case as you rise, the water gets colder. makes it clear. The water goes from warm at the gets cold as it rises away from the heat source...
144) 9) dialog: The coldest water is always here in the thermocline. This water is too cold to support any life.
144) 11) dialog: Given that we’ve never explored Siren’s Void, and given we've encountered at least one species, the Megaladon, heretofore thought extinct, I think the odds are there is an entire ecosystem down there that has remained untouched for millions of years.
144) 29) dialog: Speculation is dangerous, Ms. Morris. Only one thing is clear: we've found something very special, so we must proceed with caution. I'm afraid our plans to commercialize the Mana-One must be put on indefinite hold.
144) 31) dialog: The platform is located directly above this new world...
144) 33) dialog: This isn’t about attracting visitors. It’s about making sure we protect the ecosystem.
144) 35) dialog: I’m talking about our Ecosystem. (it hangs there a beat) The world we live in, a world whose entire balance of life would shift violently if even one pre-historic creature found its way up here. 59. INTERCUT -- THE RESORT’S OPEN-AIR RESTAURANT - SUNSET Where everyone is laughing now - relieved - letting go of some of the tension. DJ raises his tea.
149) 0) text: Jonas looking at Zhang and Morris. He’s backed by DJ and Francois. Suyin somewhere in the middle.
153) 6) dialog: We can’t avoid the truth, no matter how unpleasant. If there is a Megaladon here, if we leave it free to feed and mate, then we would be responsible for the worst ecological disaster in history. We, who have given our lives to protect these oceans. (he looks at Dimitri) Are you sure your cage will hold?
159) 6) dialog: (shakes his head no) We’ll put her on the next one. Morris NODS to the pilot. The HELICOPTER lifts off.
165) 2) dialog: No. The only thing that can chase off a shark is... a larger shark. PING... PING... There, on the sonar, we now see a shape F TIMES LARGER than all the other shapes.
169) 1) dialog: Fan, did you hit it? Fan raises her hand - fist closed.
182) 0) text: Mac, Zhang and the others look on helplessly as THE MEG h smashed the Zodiac and now has three meals to choose from
194) 0) text: Mac sees the Meg coming up and then looks away, looks bac where DIMITRI is showing ZHANG PHOTOGRAPHS OF the SMASHED UNIS BOT that is partially wedged into the thermal vent.
194) 1) dialog: So we are the reason it could get through the thermocline. Dimitri nods.
194) 5) dialog: ...Creating a warm water hole up through the thermocline. A hole we're going to have to close.
199) 9) dialog: I already radioed them. They’re three minutes out. Finally, a break.
213) 5) dialog: Not for almost seven minutes now. It’s now or never. The group jumps in quickly... BOAT 1 - has DJ, MAC, and FAN BOAT 2 - has JONAS, SUYIN, MEIYING and ZHANG BOAT 3 - (the smaller one) - has DIMITRI and HELLER. Before they fire up their engines, Zhang reminds them:
213) 6) dialog: Predatory instinct is to look for the weak link. If we stay together, we have a better chance of all of us making it. (exhales ) I just want to say... ..-but words fail him then. He feels responsible for ever person out here and that is weighing on him.
214) 9) dialog: It’s going to reach us before we make it to the platform.
220) 2) text: As the others react to the sacrifice. Zhang looks at the with pure admiration and heartbreaking guilt. Fan’s I lov you’s are heard only by the wind.
232) 4) dialog: The Navy is sending a helicopter for us, ETA 40 minutes.
232) 6) dialog: They're running my request for military support up the line, but it’s not like they have a protocol to deal with this--
238) 2) dialog: Plastic bottles of water collapse in on themselves. Plasm screens explode as if hit by unseen hammers. Zhang looks at the INTERNAL PRESSURE GAUGES. They are sky rocketing into the RED. Heading for fatal levels fast.
238) 3) dialog: 
240) 2) dialog: 30 minutes. ON JONAS - STILL THINKING - It’s just an ordinary crane.. Ordinary construction crane... Construction...
240) 9) dialog: What do have you in mind?
247) 0) text: Zhang, who is standing the TWO SPOOLS OF WIRE attached to their suits, sees Jonas’s wire has stopped dead.
248) 2) dialog: How do we get you back to the surface?
268) 0) text: Zhang scans the water around the platform.
268) 1) dialog: She’s not up here.
272) 0) text: External lights go on. Zhang smiles at Meiying. Good news
275) 4) dialog: Jonas, come in! Jonas, Suyin! Then the SAND clears. Jonas and Suyin are okay. But their plan literally lies in tatters all around their feet.
277) 0) text: Mac, who has joined Zhang and Meiying, looks at Zhang.
279) 0) text: DJ and Fan have joined Mac, Zhang, and Meiying.
279) 2) dialog: Jonas, let’s think a moment--
286) 4) dialog: Whatever it takes, Jonas.... 112.
287) 0) text: FAN unties the bow, ZHANG the stern. Everyone is on board including -- SUYIN, who surprises Jonas when she chimes i
302) 6) dialog: This is a service for my friends, now is not--