1) 0) text: Elegant ROYALISTS mingle around the MAIN HALL as an ORCHESTRA plays. All eyes turn to the GLASS DOORS OF TWO ELEVADORS which descend grandly on either side of a beautiful staircase. Through the glass doors we see TATIANA, the Dowager Empress, 60, imperious and bedecked with jewels, she is seemingly unapproachable. TSAR NICHOLAS and his SON are with her. In the other elevador, ALEXANDRA and her daughters - well,  all her daughters except. . .  ANASTASIA, eight years old and apparently late for the party, rushes down the upstairs hallway followed by a SERVENT (SONYA) 16,  who is trying to catch up with Anastasia to tie a large ribbon in her long, dark hair.
1) 2) text: Princess Anastasia - you're late and it's all my  fault!
1) 3) dialog: Don't worry, Sonya, no one'll notice. . .  Just then, Sonya lassoes the ribbon around her hair, stopping Anastasia with a 
1) 4) dialog: (loudly)
1) 5) text: . . .  owwwwwwwww! All eyes turn to Anastasia, who once she realizes that she's the center of attention, flashes a mischievous smile and descends the staircase in grand style. As the ribbon falls out of her hair and down her back, Anastasia kicks it to Sonya without breaking stride. Tatiana sees her and can't help but smile. The music suddenly becomes  a FLOURISH OF TRUMPETS. SERVENTS open the elevador doors as the ROYAL FAMILY steps out and begins a proccession through their subjects. Tatiana holds out her arm to Anastasia as she makes it to Tatiana's side just in time. Anastasia has a beautiful but slightly impish face, dominated by large, blue, mischievous eyes. She an abundance of  energy and confidence for a girl her age.
1) 15) dialog: I was showing Sonya something . . .
1) 17) dialog: (sheepishly)
1) 20) dialog: I know, but I had to because . . . Anastasia looks up at Tatiana and sees her smile with pride.  Anastasia knows she doesn't have to explain.
1) 21) dialog: (cuddling)
1) 25) dialog: "Together in Paris"! Oh, when can we be "together in Paris?!
1) 30) text: of Nicholas, Alexandra, Sophie and Vladimir, Dmitri peeking out ofthe wallpanel, Tatiana and Anastasia, all of whom are frightened.
1) 43) dialog: 
1) 45) dialog: We're not afraid of you!
2) 0) text: Anastasia BOLTS UP, hearing the shots. Her music box is next to her on her nightstand.
3) 2) dialog: My music mox! Anastasia turns around and runs back down the hall. Tatiana tries to stop her.
4) 0) text: Anastasia grabs her music box as Tatiana rushes in.
5) 0) text: Which is under siege by ROYALISTS trying to board the overcrowded train and the REVOLUTIONARIES who are trying to stop them. A TOURING CAR pulls up RIGHT ON THE TRACKS behind the caboose as the train starts to pull away. Tatiana and Anastasia climb out of the car and race for the train, fighting their way through the frenzied and frightened crowd. WE HEAR shouts of "The Empress - let her through!" which helps clear the way. Anastasia reaches the train first, then turns to see Tatiana. trying to catch up.
5) 1) dialog: Hurry, Grandmama!
5) 6) dialog: Don't let go!
5) 9) dialog: 
5) 13) dialog: Tatiana rushes to jump off the train after her, but is caught and held back by the ROYALIST PASSANGERS as the train CRASHES through the truck and picks up speed. TATIANA's POV: Anastasia rising from the ground, her hand outstretched. But she is suddenly swallowed up by the mob.
16) 0) text: The waiting room is filled with YOUNG WOMEN, of various shapes and sizes, holding reading aloud from a piece of paper. WE HEAR many variations of "Oh, Grandmama! It's me, Anastasia. I've waited so long to see you".
17) 2) text: Oh, Grandmama! It's me, Anastasia! I've waited so long to see you! The Actress then LUMBERS over to the OLD WOMAN, with a gait like John Wayne.
17) 16) text: Oh, Grandmama! It's me, Anastasia. I've waited so long to see you.
17) 19) text: Oh. . .  Grandmama it's me. Anastasia, I have waited so long, too. (as a good-bye)
21) 0) text: CLOSE on a roaring fire, over which Vladimir has fasioned a roatating "spit" which is propelled by a Victrola.  Vladimir is carefully basting the only thing on the spit:  a head of cabbage. Dmitri is sitting by the window, staring at the MUSIC BOX that Anastasia dropped the night of the revolution.
30) 33) text: Anya is caught in a ray of moonlight, directly in front of the image of Anastasia in the frieze.  The resemblance is striking.  Dmitri is taken aback, but Vladimir is unaffected.
30) 47) text: You look like her.  Like the Princess Anastasia.  Has anyone ever told you that before? Anya is coming back to her senses, doesn't like these men circling her.
30) 68) text: And I think you are the Princess Anastasia. Anya laughs.  Vlad mouths to Dmitri "Do you think she's really Anastasia?"  Dmitri shakes his head no, of course not, then continues with Anya.  Vlad smiles to himself and walks down the stairs - Dmitri's so good even he got confused!
33) 50) text: Where is she? Where is Princess Anastasia... Inside the reliquary the awoke begins to mow Suddenly, the smoke EXPLODES in a burst and forms into the smoke from a train engine. As the reliquary picture broadens, we see a train and Anya, Dmitri and Vladimir all hurrying to catch it.
35) 11) text: No, Sophie. My heart can't take it anymore! I will see no more girls claiming to be Anastasia. Tatiana walks sadly out of the room.
39) 0) text: The MINIONS, hoods pulled low, push their way through the PASSENGERS in search of Anastasia.