1) 29) text: as PEOPLE in the ballroom look around bewildered. Then, a WHIRLWIND kicks up, sending everyone off the dance floor, as the whirlwind becomes a TORNADO. Suddenly, an ALBINO BAT (BARTOK) with huge eyes, springs out of the funnel, screeching and swooping over the crowd, causing everyone to duck and cover their heads in fear. The tornada reaches it's peak and EXPLODES in smoke - leaving RASPUTIN standing alone in the middle of the floor. He is of indeterminate age, towering over other men in the room, his most striking feature are his eyes - which at this moment are burning a fiery red. He is dressed in a flowing black monk's robe with a satin rope tied around his waist. Connected to the rope is a glowing RELIQUARY, a mystical lantern.
1) 47) text: You . . .  my little babushka . . . you'll be so much fun to kill  that I'll save you for last! Twirling the reliquary again, the MOANS grow louder as Bartok circles around his head. The smoke that emerges seems to have almosy a human shape to it.
23) 0) text: Dark and eerie.  All of it's former glory destroyed. CAMERA RISES to a partially destroyed CHANDLIER ehere we see BARTOK, the bat who was with Rasputin. He hangs upside down next to a FEMALE BAT.  He clears his throat - she doesn't respond.  Using his wings, he gives his "hair: a quick grooming.
23) 1) dialog: You, uhh. . .  hang here often? (laughs nervously)
26) 1) dialog: Whatta' ya say we go somewhere - maybe get a bug to eat.  Get it?  A "bug" to eat, 'cause we're. . . FEMALE BAT rolls her eyes in disgust and flaps away.
26) 2) dialog: (one last try)
30) 84) dialog: Oy. . .  he's gonna be so mad. . .  Bartok flies out a broken window and into the night.
31) 0) text: Bartok swoops along the wagons.  Everyone looks to be asleep.  Bartok keeps flying until he sees an OMINOUS LOOKING BLACK WAGON, the largest and most elaborate. Bartok screws up his courage and flies into the open window of the BLACK WAGON
31) 8) dialog: Oy. . .  he's gonna be so mad... Bartok flies out a broken window and into the night.
32) 0) text: Bartok swoops along the wagons. Everyone looks to be asle Bartok keeps flying until he sees an ONIOUS LOOKING BLACK WAGON, the largest and most elaborate. Bartok screws up his courage and flies into the open window of the BLACK WAGON.
33) 0) text: A lone candle lights the dark wagon. A frightened Bartok, stays on the window sill.
33) 1) dialog: Ummm ... Father Gregori? It's, uhh ... me. Bartok. (a sign of relief)
33) 4) dialog: Oh my God! (wing to chest)
33) 8) dialog: Name calling! That's mature. Rasputin grabs him by the throat.
33) 10) dialog: (strangled)
33) 15) dialog: Yeah, right. Keep that thought okay? So, I'm in town, stop by the old palace. You get a better class of bats there - no tattoos or anything. Rasputin rummages around for a full bottle of vodka, tossing the empties - which Bartok has to dodge.
33) 16) dialog: So, I'm cruisin' the rafters and... what can I say, I struck out. I thought chicks would like the fact that I can talk, you know but, I mean, the way things are going I couldn't get invited to a plague. (a bottle smashes)
33) 19) dialog: Okay... you're not gonna like this but, well, it looks like Anastasia is ... still alive. He tenses, waiting for Rasputin's explosion but Rasputin just laughs.
33) 21) dialog: Trust me, it's her!
33) 24) dialog: Rodent's intuition, how do I know? She looks exactly like her. Except she's taller, which        is natural ... Of course my second cousin Treplev - he never        grew. Looks like a little pepper shaker. He was so cute ... Rasputin begins a slow growl that builds.
33) 25) dialog: Oyyy... I knew this was gonna to upset him! Rasputin howls in anger and smashes his glass against the wall. He moves toward the CABINET, knocking over furniture. Rasputin flings open the cabinet and we see the RELIQUARY, glowing gently as if it were sleeping. Bartok covers his eyes in fear. Even Rasputin seem a bit nervous in front of it.
33) 28) dialog: Hey, she's just a kid. And she's going to Paris outta sight, outta mind, outta Russia.
33) 30) dialog: My Aunt Bella, sweet woman not the brightest bat in the world - she used to hang right side up, anyway she always said "Curses were made to be broken". Course, she said it in those irritating little bat squeaks, so it wasn't quite so profound... Rasputin pulls out a set of RUSSIAN DOLLS (a small painted. hollow doll with a smaller doll inside it, and a smaller doll inside it, etc.) The first doll bears an eerie resemblance to Nicholas. Inside the second looks like Alexandra, all the way down to the ANASTASIA doll.
33) 34) dialog: You know, this is really obsessive behavior. There is this doctor this doctor in Austria, Sigmund something and he feels. . .  Bartok land on the table while be's talking and his wing accidently knocks the RELIQUARY on its side and it begins to roll.
33) 38) text: Yesses - you'd all like to get out, wouldn' t you? Sorry just one at a time and only when I call. Rasputin spins an Bartok, who Us been slinki away, and slams a goblet over his.
33) 42) dialog: (voice under glass)
33) 45) text: Evil, powerful beings - I have their power only if I contain them, control them. If they should all be released at once... well ... Rasputin smiles with his horrible yellow, decayed teeth, and lifts the glass an if to whisper in Bartok, a ear.
33) 52) dialog: Ohhh, that was dumb...
33) 53) dialog: (calling to Rasputin)
33) 56) dialog: Ew, I hate when he does this! As Rasputin swirls his arms the smoke begins to form into MINIONS. All look human at first, but then we see MINION ONE, has the body of a human and a head of a JACKAL, MINION TWO has the face of a woman and the claws of a TIGER, and MINION- the most horrible of all - has a huge bear-like body with the head of a VULTURE. All wear long capes with hoods.
54) 0) text: Rasputin paces, still angry at the Minions. Bartok, nervous, fakes a yawn and stretches.
54) 1) dialog: Well, I better got goin'. Got a busy day letting all the blood rush to my head... Rasputin pulls him back in, then speaks to his reliquary.
54) 4) dialog: Oy... not a road trip. I get wagon sick, you know that. Rasputin smacks him against the wall as he stomps out of the wagon. Bartok slides down the wall.
54) 5) dialog: You're absolutely right. Travel broadens your horizons... And he hits the floor.
55) 0) text: Rasputin, on his obsessed mission, leaps on top of the wagon as Bartok, still dizzy, tries to catch up.
55) 3) dialog: Well,        we wait this night!
65) 2) dialog: I'm getting a chest cold..
65) 4) dialog: I'm getting pneumonia. I have a fever. Feel my forehead...
65) 6) dialog: My cousin Mischa, nice fellow had some dental problems - you didn't want to watch him eat, let's put it that way... Rasputin steps in
66) 0) text: As Bartok continues, Rasputin moves to the reliquary's cabinet.
66) 1) dialog: ... anyway, a bunch of other bats were hanging in the belfry - I know, cliche, but there you have it, and Mischa, not the brightest bat in the world, decides to hang in the bell. Which was fine for awhile until it started ringing ... (shivers) Ewwww, what a mess ...
66) 3) dialog: And it didn't help the tonal quality of the bell, either. IMAGES, horrifying and frightening, begin to spin into a small tornado. Rasputin throws open the door and the TORNADO bursts out streaking across the water.
76) 4) dialog: Boy, don't you hate it when that happens?
76) 6) dialog: Nice looking fellow. I mean, don't get me wrong - I'm not attracted to him in the physical sense, I just ... But Rasputin's not interested, he stares into the reliquary and speaks directly to it.
76) 9) dialog: Me? No. Rich food - it kills me. Ever try and fly after one of those heavy sauces? Rasputin returns the reliquary to its cabinet.