1) 29) text: as PEOPLE in the ballroom look around bewildered. Then, a WHIRLWIND kicks up, sending everyone off the dance floor, as the whirlwind becomes a TORNADO. Suddenly, an ALBINO BAT (BARTOK) with huge eyes, springs out of the funnel, screeching and swooping over the crowd, causing everyone to duck and cover their heads in fear. The tornada reaches it's peak and EXPLODES in smoke - leaving RASPUTIN standing alone in the middle of the floor. He is of indeterminate age, towering over other men in the room, his most striking feature are his eyes - which at this moment are burning a fiery red. He is dressed in a flowing black monk's robe with a satin rope tied around his waist. Connected to the rope is a glowing RELIQUARY, a mystical lantern.
1) 33) dialog: (advancing)
1) 38) dialog: You gave the orders!
1) 40) dialog: After all I've done for your family - YOU TRIED TO KILL
1) 42) dialog: The Romanov dynasty ends here! You, your wife and children will all die within the fortnight!
1) 46) dialog: (furious)
1) 48) dialog: 
23) 0) text: Dark and eerie.  All of it's former glory destroyed. CAMERA RISES to a partially destroyed CHANDLIER ehere we see BARTOK, the bat who was with Rasputin. He hangs upside down next to a FEMALE BAT.  He clears his throat - she doesn't respond.  Using his wings, he gives his "hair: a quick grooming.
33) 2) text: Phew! Not home ... Rasputin's face suddenly ROARS into FRAME from the bed below, his eyes fiery red and his beard wild.
33) 3) dialog: What?
33) 6) dialog: (smiling)
33) 7) text: And what do you want, my little rat-with-wings? Rasputin rises and pours himself a glass of vodka.
33) 9) dialog: I gave you that tongue and I can rip it out!
33) 11) text: No, I really like my tongue... we're very attached. (rasputin releases him)
33) 13) dialog: (sweetly)
33) 18) dialog: Get to the point sometime tonight.. I'm late for a wenching.
33) 20) dialog: Impossible. That rumor's been around for years. Bartok hovers face-to-face.
33) 22) dialog: (eyes narrowing)
33) 26) dialog: (with reverence)
33) 27) text: Source of my power. Owner of my soul. I need your help. Rasputin takes the RELIQUARY out of the cabinet and sets it on the table.
33) 29) dialog: I cursed then all!
33) 33) dialog: The Romanovs tried to kill me and I swore to destroy all of them! If she lives, if she should have a child someday, the Romanov Family continues! And I won't lot that happen! THIS IS THE END OF THE LINE! He crushes the Anastasia doll in his massive hand.
33) 35) dialog: 
33) 37) dialog: (to Reliquary)
33) 38) text: Yesses - you'd all like to get out, wouldn' t you? Sorry just one at a time and only when I call. Rasputin spins an Bartok, who Us been slinki away, and slams a goblet over his.
33) 39) text: From under the glass, Rasputin looks distorted and even more horrifying.
33) 40) dialog: (to Bartok)
33) 44) dialog: (waving reliquary)
33) 45) text: Evil, powerful beings - I have their power only if I contain them, control them. If they should all be released at once... well ... Rasputin smiles with his horrible yellow, decayed teeth, and lifts the glass an if to whisper in Bartok, a ear.
33) 46) dialog: 
33) 49) dialog: (to reliquary)
33) 51) dialog: She has friends. No matter... Bartok looks desperate under glass. He trios to topple the glass prism by jumping up but just cooks his head.
33) 54) text: Hello, I've get really terrible claustrophobia. That's why I could never live in a cave ... Rasputin gives his attention only to the reliquary.
33) 55) dialog: Finish my prophecy... Smoke begins to pour out of the reliquary. asput almost giddy with the thought of finishing ambition, laughs hysterically.
33) 57) dialog: She is not to get off that train... alive! Rasputin kicks open the wagon door and leaps outside. The MINIONS, still filling out into forms, follow. One of the wisps of smoke, like a tail, swishes by and knocks over Bartok's glass prism, freeing his.
34) 0) text: Rasputin releases his BLACK HORSES who stoup -and whinny, men ing something bad, as two Minions float on to them the other flies ahead of than.
34) 1) dialog: Go! I don't care what you do with the others but finish the girl! KILLLLL HERRRRR! (sinister)
34) 2) text: And have fun... The Minions take off. Rasputin laughs wildy.
52) 0) text: Rasputin stares at the scene in his reliquary, watching his well laid plan *go up in smoke", and lots out a simmering growl. Anya is standing with her hands an her hips arguing with Dmitri and Vladiair.
54) 0) text: Rasputin paces, still angry at the Minions. Bartok, nervous, fakes a yawn and stretches.
54) 2) dialog: She's too far away, isn't she? The reliquary glows eyes. Rasputin places It back in it's
54) 3) dialog: Yesss... our power is much stronger when were near. We must get close to her.
55) 0) text: Rasputin, on his obsessed mission, leaps on top of the wagon as Bartok, still dizzy, tries to catch up.
55) 1) dialog: We'll catch her and finish her! (he grabs the, reigns)
55) 2) text: We ride this night! Rasputin then looks down and sees that there are no horse harnessed he gave then to the begins a slow growl.
63) 1) text: just as a BOLT OF LIGHTNING STRIKES the water, we see Rasputin's face.
65) 0) text: The wagon sits on the edge of a high cliff. Rasputin stands on the top of his wagon, staring at the sea demonically. The jagged bolts of lightening and the icy silver rain make him look all the more menacing.
65) 1) dialog: (low, slow) She's out there ... The wind parts his beard and we see Bartok hanging upside down in it, trying to stay out of the storm.
65) 3) dialog: Bartok... a question.
65) 5) dialog: What do you think is the most humiliating way to die? Rasputin's eyes light up as if he just thought of the answer to his own question. Bartok is thrown out of his beard when he makes a sudden turn and leaps off the wagon. Bartok follows.
66) 0) text: As Bartok continues, Rasputin moves to the reliquary's cabinet.
67) 0) text: Rasputin follows tornado to the cliff and watches as it disappears into the horizon of the water. Lightning and thunder crash as he laughs maniacally.
69) 0) text: Anya, in a beautiful white dress, is walking peacefully through a sunny part of a lovely forest on a spring day. She reaches down to pick some pretty flowers, then looks up as it seems to get dark... OMINOUS LOOKING CLOUDS cove the sun. Anya reaches down for another flower when she HEARS A GROWL. Anya spins to see an ENORMOUS BEAR emerge from the trees. (All the animals in the dream sequence have a SLIGHT resemblance to Rasputin.) Anya is frozen with fear as MOR BEARS emerge and head straight for her. She tries to back away as the beautiful FLOWERS GROW LONG AND HORRIBLE THOR and wrap around her ankles, impeding her escape. It gets darker as the BEAR'S EYES, glowing yellow, multip and move closer. Anya pulls free of the flowers and rushe to the safety of a large tree  She climbs the tree and escapesthe bears. Looking down, from her perch on a sturd branch, the ground seems miles away. Suddenly, the BRANCH JOLTS her and almost falling, she ho on to it tightly. But the branch TURNS IN TOWARD HER - no longer a tree branch, but A HUGE UGLY SNAKE with red eyes and huge fangs that come right for her! Anya leaps to another branch, which also turns into a sna She jolts backward and begins to fall ... toward a HUNDRE
76) 5) dialog: (controlling) She leads a charmed life, that little one ... Someone is always there to save her. In the palace as a child, on the train and now ... it's him. Rasputin studies Dmitri in the reliquary - Dmitri and Anya still in a warm embrace.
76) 7) dialog: You are toying with me, aren't you? You let me get so close... The reliquary, as if in answer, seem to be chuckling. Rasputin smiles and joins in with it.
76) 8) dialog: Bartok ... have you ever been to Paris?
76) 10) dialog: We are going to Paris - and while we're there, let's kill the young man. He annoys me.