1) 30) text: of Nicholas, Alexandra, Sophie and Vladimir, Dmitri peeking out ofthe wallpanel, Tatiana and Anastasia, all of whom are frightened.
35) 6) text: No more. So more... Sophie. heavier and larger bottomed than ten years earlie speaks quickly - without ev er breathing, in a high pitched nervous chitter.
35) 7) dialog: (very rapidly)
35) 8) text: Oh, oh... I must say. I thought that one was bar - i'm just so shocked that she wasn't real well, she was real, I mean she was human, of course. but not our real. I must say, even my sisters were touched by her yes - yes they were... XENIA and ESTELLE, as pinched and skinny as Sophie in "full", don't appear to ever have been "touched" by anything (or anyone).
35) 9) dialog: ... moved to tears of joy! We won't be f ooled next time, girls! I'm a going to think of really hard questions...
35) 11) text: No, Sophie. My heart can't take it anymore! I will see no more girls claiming to be Anastasia. Tatiana walks sadly out of the room.
79) 0) text: They pull up in front of the beautiful white house. Anya is nervous as Vladimir walks up to the front door ahead of Dmitri and Anya. Vladimir knocks. Sophie answers the door. She moves with grace and regal poise.
79) 2) dialog: Oh good! We haven't seen an Anastasia in several days! Anya looks to Dmitri, a little confused by that last comment. Dmitri makes a little "she's slightly crazy" signal. They all leap to avoid her butt as she bustles into the house.
80) 0) text: Sophie, flanked by her sisters, sits at a table. Anya, looking nervous but poised, sits across while Dmitri and Vladimir hover nervously at the far end of the room. Sophie's PAT CAT, TILLIE, attempts to cuddle up next to Meetoo, who wants nothing to do with her.
80) 1) dialog: I'd just like to ask you a few questions, dear... Sophie opens a huge book that SLAMS open. Vlad and Dmitri jump.
80) 3) dialog: Where were you born?
80) 5) text: Dmitri watches Anya answer questions gracefully and without hesitating. Anya smiles as her answers begin to surprise Sophie.
80) 7) dialog: (almost giggling) This is the hard one ... what rare treat was served on the night of the Three Hundredth Anniversary of the Romanov Dynasty? The last ball they ever had? Dmitri and Vladimir exchange a nervous look. It's obvious they never briefed Anya on this one. Anya thinks a moment, then looks up, smiling, as she remembers ...
80) 9) dialog: (shocked) Yes ... yes, it was fresh fruit. Well, maybe not "fresh" Estelle got one rather brown banana but ...
80) 10) text: Dmitri, as he stares at Anya as Sophie prattles on.
80) 13) dialog: Oh, heavens - I must say, yes.
80) 15) dialog: Oh, heavens I must say... no, no actually, I can't - Tatiana has refused to see any more girls.
80) 17) dialog: Oh, heavens, no... but ... (Vlad-leans closer as Sophie shares a naughty secret) She is going to be at the Ballet Russe tonight! That's the Russian Ballet - Russe for Russian, oh those crazy French... they only go to see which dancers will defect. She rises heading towards Anya. Her butt knocks over a vase, which Vladimir deftly catches.
80) 18) dialog: Come my dear, we've much to talk about.