1) 30) text: of Nicholas, Alexandra, Sophie and Vladimir, Dmitri peeking out ofthe wallpanel, Tatiana and Anastasia, all of whom are frightened.
17) 3) text: to see the "Old Woman" is Vladimir, with a shawl over his head.  He looks older, of course, but with the same dapper mustache. He rolls his eyes.
17) 4) dialog: (out to audience)
17) 7) dialog: (to Actress)
17) 11) dialog: This, my friend, as an exercise in futility! We shall never find a girl to play the Princess Anastasia out of this motley crew of commoners! Vladimir dramatically throws one end of his shawl over his shoulder.
17) 32) dialog: (calling out to seats)
19) 0) text: now empty as Dmitri and Vladimir are gathering up their things to leave.  Vladimir still wears the remnants of the evening clothes that he worein the first scene.
19) 1) dialog: It's no use, Dmitri - we'll never find the right girl!
20) 8) text: I'm looking for Dmitri.  I need traveling papers - to Paris. I heard Dmitri could help me. Vladimir and Dmitri exchange a look. . .  wary. . .  Dmit looks around and motions to Vladimir to handle it while he walks ahead nonchalantly.
20) 9) dialog: Who did you hear it from?
20) 11) dialog: (loudly, acting)
20) 15) dialog: Good day! Vladimir pats her on the head and walks away.
21) 0) text: CLOSE on a roaring fire, over which Vladimir has fasioned a roatating "spit" which is propelled by a Victrola.  Vladimir is carefully basting the only thing on the spit:  a head of cabbage. Dmitri is sitting by the window, staring at the MUSIC BOX that Anastasia dropped the night of the revolution.
21) 1) dialog: . . .  even if we find her, what makes you think the Empress will even see us? Dmitri holds up the music box.
25) 0) text: SAME CRACK noises from downstairs just as Vladimir's cabbage falls from the spit into the fire.
25) 3) dialog: That was your dinner!  I do hope there is no cabbage in Paris!
29) 0) text: Dmitri and Vladimir look up from their burnt cabbage. They heard it too.
30) 33) text: Anya is caught in a ray of moonlight, directly in front of the image of Anastasia in the frieze.  The resemblance is striking.  Dmitri is taken aback, but Vladimir is unaffected.
30) 34) dialog: You're trespassing, boy! Anya is dazed by what has just happened to her and can't quite refocus on reality.
30) 38) dialog: He's her?
30) 41) dialog: Perhaps you heard of our brilliant plan to find a girl and. . .  Dmitri pokes him hard in the ribs and shakes his head.
30) 44) dialog: (gets it, whispers)
30) 58) dialog: How much do you weigh? Dmitri pokes him again.
30) 59) dialog: (to Dmitri)
33) 50) text: Where is she? Where is Princess Anastasia... Inside the reliquary the awoke begins to mow Suddenly, the smoke EXPLODES in a burst and forms into the smoke from a train engine. As the reliquary picture broadens, we see a train and Anya, Dmitri and Vladimir all hurrying to catch it.
36) 2) dialog: Would you have leaned over Rembrant's shoulder and told him to paint faster? Vladimir looks at Dmitri's anxious face.
36) 3) dialog: You probably would. (hands his the papers)
36) 5) dialog: Wake up, young lady, that's our train.
36) 8) dialog: What a world - a man who was in my position in society is calling a peasant 'Your Highness". Dmitri leans over and tugs Anya's hair lightly.
36) 10) text: Wake up! Anya's  eyes flash open and - totally on reflex - she bel Dmitri in the nose. Ditri reels back,  lands on his butt Vladimir observes ruefully.
37) 0) text: Vladimir, using his ample belly, bumps people out of the way as they head for the train. Vlad climbs on just as it starts up, followed        by Dmitri. Dmitri turns bac reaches out his hand to help Anya up. But she freezes... just STANDS THERE, not running.
38) 12) dialog: Royalty do not help people with their luggage. Anya gives them both a look and helps the woman.
38) 13) dialog: Well, she certainly has a mind of her own.
38) 16) dialog: (sheepishly)
38) 20) dialog: What do we do now?
43) 0) text: Dmitri and Vladimir catch up to Anya and grab her in each arm, loading bar down the hall WE HEAR the MINIONS SCREAM from the next car.
46) 0) text: Though the window the Minions see Vladimir's legs as he's being lifted. INT. ROOF oF TRAIN Dmitri struggles to got Vlad to the roof but he's losing his grasp. Anya puts Meetoo down and reaches to help the dangling Vlad. Even Meetoo helps by pulling an Vladimir's  scarf .
47) 0) text: Minion one grabs for Vladimir's legs, just as they disappear.
48) 0) text: Dmitri and Anya let out a sigh of relief as Vlad in safe, but it's short lived as they both SIMULTANEOUSLY lot out a yell. DMITRI &amp; ANYA'S POV: a TUNNEL rapidly approaching. They hit the deck, Vlad on his back between Anya and Dmitri.        Anya and Dmitri exchange a quick look as t tunnel gets closer - Vladimir's stomach is sticking up too high to clear the tunnel. They reach up together and push down on his big belly, causing his eyes to bulge
49) 0) text: As all PASSENGERS react to Vladimir's bulk hitting and denting the coiling.
52) 6) dialog: She's quite right, Dmitri, a man of my stature should not have to Dmitri shoves him off the top of the train with Meetoo in his arm. Dmitri then puts out his hand to Anya.
53) 0) text: Vladimir has landed in a large pile of snow. He stands, rubbing his bottom.
53) 1) dialog: I think I have hurt my... Meetoo comes out of the pile of leaves, rubbing his bottom and answers Vladimir's with his "retu". A short distance away, Anya seems to be sitting on top of a puddle - but she isn't wet. Suddenly, Dmitri gets up from underneath her, covered in snow. Anya isn't wet because she landed on Dmitri! She jumps up.
53) 4) dialog: Is everyone all right?
56) 1) dialog: No have a lot of work to do, Anya! Come along, Meetoo! Meetoo is trying to catch fire flies in his mouth.
56) 2) dialog: We have to prepare you for an audience with Sophie.
56) 4) dialog: (lost in warm memories) Ah ... the Lady Sophie... The ravishing first cousin, once removed, from the Empress. We must convince Sophie that you are the Princess before we'll be granted a meeting with the Empress ... your grandmother, I mean. Anya stops dead in her tracks, this is the first she's heard of this.
56) 8) dialog: We're just going to refresh your memory...
56) 14) dialog: Ah! Let us begin!
56) 16) dialog: You were born on the Adriatic sea at the summer palace, where the parties and the buffets were marvelous ....
57) 0) text: Vladimir is putting icicles in Anya's hair to keep it up in a bun - she looks sweet, despite her boy's clothes. She is reciting something to Dmitri.
57) 4) dialog: Did I tell you that?
58) 0) text: Anya, Dmitri and Vladimir are sitting in the back of a pig cart traveling down a country road. The pigs are very interested as Anya is pointing to different pieces of hay which "set" her imaginary table.
58) 5) dialog: (lost in a memory of rich desserts) Ah, yes ... I have always loved that fork... Dmitri and Anya exchange a look and then laugh, adding ad libs of "we can tell" and "There's a fork you should have skipped". This is the first time Dmitri and Anya have laughed together - actually the first time he's ever seen her smile. 
59) 0) text: Dmitri, who is sneaking around, pulling women's clothes out of a suitcase that clearly isn't theirs! He takes out a large, but pretty dress, a beautiful veil - and a huge brassiere, which he quickly stuffs back in the suitcase - somewhat frightened. He takes the dress and veil puts it in his backpack and joins Vladimir and Anya as they admire the ship.
59) 3) dialog: Oh, yes it was the seagoing vessel of elaborate elegance in entertaining... (looks at Dmitri and Anya explaining) A party boat. It once belonged to ... Vladimir honestly can't remember, Anya thinks it's another quiz.
60) 0) text: Dmitri and Vladimir are standing by a closed door. Anya is on the other side.
60) 2) dialog: Come out! I can do alterations.
60) 4) dialog: I shant!
62) 0) text: Vladimir and Dmitri wait outside the door. The door opens and Anya appears, having tied the veil around the waist of the dress, making it look fitted and beautiful. Dmitri and Vladimir are surprised as Anya walks past them with confidence and throws them a look over her shoulder.
62) 2) text: ON DECK: Anya, still in her boots, walks gracefully down the deck in spite of the ship's rocking motion. Dmitri and Vlad can't even stand due to the motion. Anya looks back and flashes them a smile. IN THEIR CABIN: Dmitri gets out of the bed he's been sharing with Vlad and walks over, past where Anya is sleeping peacefully, to close the port hole against a cold wind. He closes is and see's Anya - she looks beautiful - he bends down to pull up her covers and she SLUGS him. UNDER A TABLE: Meetoo is walking around sniffing feet. Suddenly, he runs smack into the TWO UGLY PUG DOGS who growl at him. He runs away and finally see's a woman's foot and a pair of pretty feminine shoes, with heels, that she has kicked off. Meetoo grabs them in his mouth and runs. ON DECK: The sea is calm, but Anya - wearing the heeled shoes for the first time - is teetering and wobbling like mad. Dmitri and Vlad watch her with amusement. Anya turns to them. ON DECK: Dmitri has stuffed his feet into the woman's shoes and is barely able to walk as Anya watches him with great vindication. BALLROOM: Anya walks -into the ballroom, steady and graceful in her new shoes, on Vladimir's arm and completes a perfect curtsy in front of Dmitri. Dmitri applauds and moves down to her as she stands and smacks him with her head accidently. THEIR CABIN: Vladimir is directing Anya as she waltzes gracefully in their swaying cabin. Dmitri enters and is directed to join Anya. He does and they dance together, with Anya clearly leading. The boat sways to the left and Anya is thrown closer into Dmitri's arms. Neither of them even try to readjust.
62) 5) dialog: You are a natural! I don't know how you ever learned to dance that well! That must have been some high class orphanage ...
64) 0) text: The storm is pitching the boat wildly. Vladimir is sleeping, snoring loudly. Meetoo, sound asleep, is sliding from side of the cabin to the other. Anya is looking out the small port hole at the violent sea when Dmitri, carrying his back pack, sits on the bed next to her.
68) 0) text: which is swaying with the storm. PAN past Vladimir, snoring, his now limp mustache flopping wildly and past Dmitri, sleeping restlessly. Move to Anya, who seems quite content. From under the door SMOKY IMAGES silently slither. They float across the cabin and swirl around Anya.
77) 6) dialog: If I used the word "bleak" I would be optimistic. As he says this the ELDERLY DOWAGER from the ship passes by with her TWO OBNOXIOUS PUG DOGS. Meetoo growls as Vlad and Dmitri get an idea. VLADIMIR (CONT.)
77) 8) text: It worked in Odessa... Vladimir picks up Meetoo and whispers instructions. Meetoo likes the plan.
77) 12) dialog: Such bravery! Why, that man should be rewarded! Amply rewarded!
77) 15) dialog: I won't say a word...
78) 0) text: Traveling is style! Vladimir is driving - badly - with Meetoo in the front seat. Meetoo covers his eyes. Dmitri and Anya are in the open back seat, enjoying the beautifu French countryside. Dmitri looks over at Anya.
79) 0) text: They pull up in front of the beautiful white house. Anya is nervous as Vladimir walks up to the front door ahead of Dmitri and Anya. Vladimir knocks. Sophie answers the door. She moves with grace and regal poise.
79) 1) dialog: May I present her Royal Highness Princess Anastasia!
80) 0) text: Sophie, flanked by her sisters, sits at a table. Anya, looking nervous but poised, sits across while Dmitri and Vladimir hover nervously at the far end of the room. Sophie's PAT CAT, TILLIE, attempts to cuddle up next to Meetoo, who wants nothing to do with her.
80) 12) dialog: Are you impressed with our Anastasia?
80) 14) dialog: Then, you'll take her to see Tatiana?
80) 16) dialog: Perhaps you could convince her?
81) 0) text: Vladimir has finished giving Dmitri the details. Both are ecstatic.
81) 1) dialog: We did it! We did it, my boy! We're going to see Tatiana at the ballet tonight and we're going to be rich! Rich!
81) 3) dialog: (shocked) Are you feeling all right?
81) 5) dialog: Life is funny, isn't it. You find the right girl ... and then you lose her.
81) 7) dialog: Dmitri ... You must understand that once you take her to Tatiana... well, it's over... nothing can happen between you. She's a princess and you're a commoner. Dmitri understands this and is devastated. Vladimir pats him on the back as he walks into the house.