38) 0) text: The door is opened by EDDIE DEVOL, early thirties, dark a sullen.
38) 1) dialog: Yeah, what?
38) 3) dialog: You got a problem with that?
39) 38) text: Don't be a stranger! After Vitti leaves, Eddie enters from the other door.
54) 52) text: Jelly and Vitti's old crew, MO-MO, BIGS, TUNA, EDDIE COKE and eight or nine other wiseguys walk en masse into base camp. Vitti's guys go to the front of the lunch line, forcing t crew aside. A big, pop-out trailer labeled "Mr. Vitti," guarded by th of his guys. Tuna brings a lunch tray and knocks on the door. Jelly opens the door and takes the tray. Vitti conferring with Raoul and Tony Bella on the script,
57) 21) dialog: Yeah?    So am I. Eddie grabs the Assistant Director and walks him away.
90) 16) dialog: How's it goin', Paulie? You know my guys -- Enormous Bobby and Al Pacino?
90) 25) dialog: So we're all here. Let's do it. He heads for the back of the club with his guys.   Vitti Jelly start to follow.
91) 0) text: Vitti is seated at a big table in the crowded, smoke-fill room. Jelly sits at  his side. He's surrounded by his cre about a half-a-dozen guys, and Patty's man, Eddie DeVol. Several street maps and diagrams are spread out on the ta
94) 1) dialog: What the fuck is this?
94) 5) dialog: Who is this guy?
94) 8) dialog: Get rid of him. Al Pacino puts his gun to Ben's head.
94) 14) dialog: What do you think? He can make every guy in this room.
94) 17) dialog: What, on the job? Vitti hesitates.
94) 18) dialog: (impatiently)
94) 23) dialog: (to Vitti)
99) 0) text: Vitti's guys are dressed like construction workers as the load their gear into two trucks. Vitti supervises while others work on a New York City bus. Eddie DeVol, Al Pacino and Enormous Bobby stand guard ove the whole scene, in case anyone is thinking of defecting. Ben is wearing heavy dungarees and an oversized plaid shi struggling to lace his work boots. Jelly approaches him a tosses a bulletproof vest on the table.
99) 15) text: Kalashnikov, MAC-10, Uzi -- stop me if I hit one you like. Ben sees Eddie watching him and gingerly picks up a 9mm handgun.
99) 19) text: Ooh, cold -- cold. He jams his hand down the front of his pants and starts searching around in there. Eddie and Enormous Bobby stare him as they walk by.
101) 0) text: The guys are getting into the trucks. Ben keeps letting everybody go in front of him, then starts to back away, b Eddie and Enormous Bobby come up behind him and push him into the truck.
105) 0) text: Vitti, Ben, and Eddie DeVol stand next to the treads of a giant crane.
111) 4) text: Get the ramp! Eddie and his guys run up with a long, narrow track with metal rollers and set it up at the rear of the gold truck
111) 5) dialog: (very excited)
116) 48) dialog: Did you really think you were gonna live through this?
116) 50) dialog: Yeah, well, nice work.   Mr. Rigazzi will be very grateful.
116) 54) dialog: There's only one side as far as I'm concerned. Mine. What did you think? I was just gonna stand by and let some fuckin' has-been move back in? So long, Mr. Vitti. He cocks the gun and is about to pull the trigger when Be suddenly roars and slams him in the head with his gun. Vi and Jelly quickly cover Al Pacino and Enormous Bobby.
116) 56) text: I can't take it anymore! That's what I hate about you fucking sociopaths! You just keep changing the rules to suit yourselves. Well, not this time, you anti-social asshole. You fucked with the wrong shrink! Sitting on Eddie's chest, he presses the gun against Eddi nose.
117) 0) text: The armored truck comes down fast and drops heavily to th street. Federal MARSHALS swarm the truck and find Eddie, and Bobby sprawled in the back.