23) 32) text: As they prepare to leave, COLIN GRAY approaches Needy. He's a cute PUNK/GOTH guy wearing black nail polish, a lip ring, and full wardrobe by Hot Topic.
23) 33) dialog: Hi Needy.
23) 40) text: Chip blatantly scoots closer to Needy, eyeing Colin suspiciously.
23) 42) dialog: 
23) 45) dialog: Well, I'm glad you made it out. Really.
23) 48) text: Colin walks away. Chip looks jealous.
38) 10) text: COLIN GRAY, the punk/goth boy we met earlier, approaches Jennifer nervously as she exits the classroom. Needy drops behind them, eavesdropping.
38) 11) dialog: (to Needy) Hi. (to Jennifer, more
38) 19) dialog: Sure. Actually, I sort of wanted to ask you something.
38) 21) dialog: No! Well-- yeah.
38) 25) text: Colin fidgets awkwardly.
38) 27) dialog: Well, we've been having a lot of fun in class, you and I, and I just thought maybe we could go to a movie or something. There's a midnight showing of Rocky Horror at the Bijou next weekend...
38) 30) dialog: It's not...fuck it. Never mind.
38) 33) text: Colin turns around.
38) 41) dialog: Oh. Great! Okay.
38) 43) text: Colin walks away, grinning triumphantly.
39) 1) text: Colin Gray drives down the street in a big old boat of a classic car. He's blasting punk music on an iPod that's been rigged to the ancient AM radio. Colin holds up his CELL PHONE to re-read the directions Jennifer texted him. The street is extremely dark and silent, occupied only by a new townhouse development. The identical units still appear to be under construction. There aren't even any streetlights. The plastic sheeting over the windows flaps eerily in the breeze. Colin's brow furrows in confusion-- it doesn't even look like anyone lives here yet. He checks the phone display again.
39) 3) text: Sure enough, the house number is 1004. Colin throws the car into park and walks up to the porch. He looks up and notices a glow coming from an upstairs window,
39) 10) text: Colin presses the doorbell. Nothing happens-- the house isn't wired for electricity yet.
41) 0) text: Colin enters the house tentatively. It's dark, vacant, and very creepy. There's a very faint glow and soft music coming from upstairs.
41) 2) dialog: Yo?
41) 3) text: He stumbles over a stray 2 x 4. There are piles of sawdust and building materials everywhere-- the house is definitely still under construction. Colin looks confused. A MOUSE skitters over his sneakers.
41) 4) dialog: Jennifer? Anyone there?
41) 6) text: Colin squares his shoulders and heads slowly up the creaking stairs.
43) 0) text: Colin follows the music into an empty bedroom. The dark room is filled with blazing candles melting and pooling into bizarre shapes. A single BLANKET is spread out on the floor. Colin shivers. Behind him, in the doorway, Jennifer appears, her smiling face hellishly aglow.
43) 3) dialog: What's going on? This isn't really your house, is it?
43) 5) text: Colin is totally dumbstruck.
43) 6) dialog: Do you even know my last name?
43) 13) text: She starts KISSING Colin on the neck. We can see confusion-- and fear-- in his eyes.
45) 0) text: Jennifer grips Colin's face in her hands and forcibly kisses him on the mouth. Colin succumbs, but stiffly. We hear a SCRATCHING noise. Colin pulls away instinctively and sees MICE and ROACHES emerging from the walls, skittering over surfaces.
45) 1) dialog: Jennifer...
45) 7) text: Colin into Jennifer's eyes. There's something horrible about her face...like she's become almost corpselike.
45) 8) dialog: 
45) 11) dialog: I gotta go...
45) 20) text: Colin tries to jerk away, but Jennifer easily disengages his arm from its socket. A sickeningly moist SNAP. Colin cries out in pain.
45) 24) text: We see their shadows against the wall: Jennifer lunging hungrily, blood spraying up from Colin's jugular. We can hear him screaming and gargling on his own blood.
47) 0) text: We can still hear Colin making inhuman sounds of pain. We can only see the carnage in shadow, but it's clearly unspeakable.
49) 1) text: Colin's thrashing limbs finally go limp. Jennifer is hunched over his remains like a jackal scooping blood into her mouth with cupped hands. We see his eyes, flecked with blood, pupils dilated. A white MOUSE crawls over his face.
66) 6) text: Faint moaning and sobbing can be heard. Then, a procession of 6 or 7 GOTH/EMO KIDS appears on the crest of the hill. They move forward into the cemetery, flamboyantly dressed in black capes, chains, cloaks, neon hairpieces, fishnets, mesh, 18-hole combat boots, etc. These are Colin Gray's friends.
66) 7) text: One girl scatters blood-red rose petals dramatically on the path as she stumbles along, weeping. At the bottom of the hill, Colin Gray's very conservative looking family stands next to the fresh grave, surrounded by sympathetic mourners. NEEDY stands near the back, looking shell-shocked. There are also a few press photographers snapping photos, and of course, a Catholic priest.
66) 16) text: She lights a bundle of SAGE and waves it in the air. Colin's father gags, appalled.
66) 35) text: Colin's parents stare at the ground.
66) 47) text: She throws herself to the ground, crying and pounding the dirt like a toddler. Colin Gray's mother buries her head in her hands and begins weeping. Mr. Gray attempts to comfort her.
74) 1) text: A DJ plays badly-mixed pop music. Couples drift into the gym. The GOTH KIDS who were at Colin Gray's grave travel in a pack, sulking. The goth girl who loved Colin wanders through the decorations and pops every balloon she passes with a pin. As she pops them, she narrates dramatically.