0) 1) text: ANITA "NEEDY" LESNICKI, 17, sits on her hospital bed in pajamas. She's a plain-faced girl with a haunted expression. As she stares out the window, she winds colored yarn around a pair of Popsicle sticks to create a "god's eye."
1) 12) text: We see a GIRL swinging a jump rope who has a ladder of fresh bandages on her arms and legs.
7) 0) text: JENNIFER CHECK lies on her bed, fidgeting as she watches TV. She's a girl of 16 with LONG, MATTED HAIR and a thin, frail body. Her features are gorgeous, but she looks sick and haggard. She picks at her skin with yellowed, Nosferatu-like fingernails and chews idly on a limp lock of hair. Jennifer wears a tight T-shirt that says KETTLE HIGH FLAGS and underwear.
7) 31) text: Jennifer gasps, staring at her wounds in shock and disbelief. She looks back up at Needy. A beat of silence. Suddenly, THE GIRLS' BODIES LEVITATE RAPIDLY TOWARD THE CEILING. They wrestle in a bloody, screaming airborne heap, their figures entwined. Their bodies FALL, collapsing back onto the bed with a thud.
10) 10) text: CHASTITY, a similarly geeky-looking girl standing next to Needy, rolls her eyes at this display of affection.
10) 13) text: The geeky girl mockingly imitates Needy's excited wave.
13) 38) text: The girls scamper toward the car.
16) 6) text: Suddenly, a HAND clamps onto Jennifer's shoulder. Both girls jump. It's Nikolai, his forehead creased with false concern.
21) 5) dialog: Look, she's not even moving.
23) 50) text: We see a group of GOTH GIRLS splayed against their lockers in full regalia. One wears an ACCORDION for no reason.
37) 19) text: A ripple of excitement in the room. A girl seated in the front row is wearing a Soft Shoulder T-SHIRT.
37) 36) text: CHASTITY, the girl in the Soft Shoulder T-shirt, turns to face Needy angrily.
66) 7) text: One girl scatters blood-red rose petals dramatically on the path as she stumbles along, weeping. At the bottom of the hill, Colin Gray's very conservative looking family stands next to the fresh grave, surrounded by sympathetic mourners. NEEDY stands near the back, looking shell-shocked. There are also a few press photographers snapping photos, and of course, a Catholic priest.
67) 0) text: Two girls are hanging an homemade banner on the fence surrounding the football field. It says "TURNABOUT DANCE
74) 1) text: A DJ plays badly-mixed pop music. Couples drift into the gym. The GOTH KIDS who were at Colin Gray's grave travel in a pack, sulking. The goth girl who loved Colin wanders through the decorations and pops every balloon she passes with a pin. As she pops them, she narrates dramatically.
74) 6) text: Another GOTH GIRL, looking exasperated, grabs a balloon, shoves it under her babydoll dress and pops it.
74) 12) text: The girls glare at each other.
87) 8) text: Jennifer looks up with demonic, bloodshot eyes just as Needy leaps off the diving board. Needy lands on Jennifer's shoulders, taking her out. She wraps her legs around Jennifer's neck and drags her under the water. Jennifer emerges. Needy grabs her by the hair and girly- slaps her furiously across the face. Then she spots the PEPPER SPRAY lying by the side of the pool. She grabs it and sprays it in Jennifer's eyes. Jennifer shrieks and vomits NASTY, SPINY GORE all over Needy and Chip.
88) 0) text: The dance is in full swing and students are slow-dancing. Girls rest their heads against boys' chests, only under far less macabre circumstances than Needy and CHIP's deathbed tableau. Soft Shoulder are still playing onstage, their guitars chiming melodically.
89) 2) dialog: What are you looking at, Clumpy?