6) 0) text: The sprawling ranch house is dark from the outside except for a single FIRST FLOOR WINDOW-- Jennifer's-- still illuminated. There's a chicken coop and a wire livestock pen in the backyard. We're definitely in deep north country.
7) 0) text: JENNIFER CHECK lies on her bed, fidgeting as she watches TV. She's a girl of 16 with LONG, MATTED HAIR and a thin, frail body. Her features are gorgeous, but she looks sick and haggard. She picks at her skin with yellowed, Nosferatu-like fingernails and chews idly on a limp lock of hair. Jennifer wears a tight T-shirt that says KETTLE HIGH FLAGS and underwear.
7) 1) text: An `80s HORROR MOVIE flickers on the TV. Jennifer half- watches, distracted.
7) 3) text: Some recent photos on a corkboard reveal that Jennifer was indeed BEAUTIFUL AND CURVY.
7) 6) text: Jennifer rolls over and glances at the window briefly. We see the OUTSIDE of the house again. It's dark and silent, but for the nearly inaudible snapping of twigs.
7) 11) text: Jennifer turns her attention back to the TV. Suddenly, we see NEEDY'S FACE pop up against the window, white and startling. Before Jennifer notices, the face disappears. Outside the house, the bushes rustle. Needy is crouched below the window. We hear the pulsing of her HEART as if via ultrasound. It's a wet, rhythmic sound: Sploish, sploish, sploish.
7) 12) text: Inside, Jennifer stretches and shuts off the TV. She turns out the light. A beat of silence. Then, the sound of cracking near the window.
7) 13) dialog: Huh?
7) 14) text: Needy PLUNGES through the window, screaming and brandishing a HAMMER. She takes a SWING at Jennifer's head, but misses and BURIES IT IN THE WALL, specifically in Jennifer's Fall Out Boy poster. Needy throws herself on top of Jennifer. She STRADDLES Jennifer and grips her throat, throttling her.
7) 16) text: Jennifer struggles to fight off Needy in the darkness. Her clawlike fingernails rake Needy's back and arms.
7) 18) dialog: 
7) 21) text: She takes a swipe at Jennifer's CROTCH. Jennifer instinctively CLUTCHES herself and rears up in defense. We see Jennifer's mouth come down on Needy's neck. Needy shrieks as if BITTEN, but continues to strangle Jennifer, straddling her and bearing down.
7) 28) text: Jennifer's T-shirt slides up to her armpits, exposing her breasts. For a moment, her eyes meet Needy's and she grins. It's as if she has control over Needy for a split second, sexual control... Needy recoils and SLASHES Jennifer's body left and right with the box-cutter, marking a gory, oozing "X" on her torso.
7) 31) text: Jennifer gasps, staring at her wounds in shock and disbelief. She looks back up at Needy. A beat of silence. Suddenly, THE GIRLS' BODIES LEVITATE RAPIDLY TOWARD THE CEILING. They wrestle in a bloody, screaming airborne heap, their figures entwined. Their bodies FALL, collapsing back onto the bed with a thud.
7) 32) text: Needy raises the box-cutter and plunges it into Jennifer's HEART. Blood GEYSERS from the wound.
7) 34) dialog: 
7) 36) text: Suddenly, the room is flooded with BRIGHT LIGHT, revealing a Needy straddling Jennifer's MUTLIATED BODY. Jennifer's breathing is a raspy death rattle. MRS. CHECK, a middle-aged woman in bad sleepwear and a worse perm rushes into the bedroom.
7) 38) text: She pulls Needy off her daughter. Jennifer rolls over, gasping and bleeding.
7) 41) text: Needy drops the boxcutter. It lands on Jennifer's copy of Flag Team Quarterly, splashing the model with fresh gore.
7) 50) text: Mrs. Check cradles her maimed daughter on the floor like a white-trash Pieta. Jennifer takes one last breath, vomits blood, and DIES. Mrs. Check SCREAMS. Needy SMILES.
9) 56) text: We see a brief montage of black-and-white yearbook stills: JENNIFER executing the splits on a football field, her smile bright. NEEDY inspecting a school newspaper layout, pen in hand, glasses on her nose. And finally, CHIP DOVE, playing a strap-on snare drum at a school pep rally, his head bent in concentration....
10) 3) text: Jennifer steps forward in her flag team uniform, breathtakingly beautiful. She hoists her flag aloft, twirling it. Time FREEZES as the flag unfurls.
10) 5) text: Jennifer finishes her maneuver and WAVES to the stands. Needy waves back at her excitedly from the bleachers, small and owlish with glasses and lank hair.
11) 0) text: Needy digs through her locker, carefully selecting textbooks to take home. Jennifer skips up to her, smiling.
11) 1) dialog: Hey, Monistat.
11) 3) dialog: You and me are going out tonight.
11) 6) dialog: Soft Shoulder are playing at the Carousel.
11) 12) dialog: And it's all-ages, for once, which means I won't have to play Hello Titty with the door guy.
11) 15) dialog: They're this indie band from the city. I saw their MySpace and the singer is extra salty. And there will be lots of other salty morsels there for you. Come on Needy, it's the weekend!
11) 18) dialog: Thursday counts as the weekend in college. And we're going to be in college twenty-three months from now. University of Northern Minnesota Duluth- woo!
11) 20) dialog: Please, please you're a social disease?
11) 22) text: Jennifer pouts. With an outstretched finger, she draws a dramatic X in the air over Needy and boos loudly.
11) 23) dialog: 
11) 25) text: Needy blushes, shrinking self-consciously. She obviously hates to displease Jennifer.
11) 27) dialog: I'll pick you up at 8:30. My mom has a date with that guy who owns the ham store.
11) 36) dialog: 
12) 40) text: Needy shrugs. A beat of silence. Then we hear the door swing open. JENNIFER'S VOICE floats up from downstairs.
12) 41) dialog: 
13) 0) text: Jennifer is waiting in the front hallway. She's heavily made-up and dressed in a predictably sexy outfit. She dangles a set of car keys in front of Needy and CHIP.
13) 1) dialog: 
13) 13) dialog: You're lucky you get to ride with me to the club in style!
13) 16) dialog: Oh, hi Chip. Do you like puppies?
13) 17) text: She grabs her boobs and thrusts her chest outward at him, giggling. Needy watches jealously and MANEUVERS HER WAY IN FRONT OF JENNIFER.
13) 21) text: Jennifer sniffs the air.
13) 22) dialog: It smells like Thai food in here.
13) 25) text: She shoves Jennifer and they begin wrestling playfully. CHIP slumps against the wall, staring awestruck at Jennifer's cleavage.
13) 26) dialog: Okay, let's go to the club.
13) 29) dialog: Eat my ass, Chip. You're just jello `cause you're not invited.
13) 37) dialog: You're totally jello! You're lime green jello and you can't even admit it.
15) 2) dialog: God, I can't wait until I'm old enough to get wasted. Have you ever had peach schnapps?
15) 11) dialog: Peach schnapps are excellent. They even taste good when they come out of your nose mid-puke.
15) 15) dialog: (without enthusiasm) What up, Craig.
15) 17) dialog: He thinks he's cute enough for me. No wonder he's in retard math.
15) 18) text: Jennifer pulls out a pack of Camel Wides and lights one awkwardly. Needy notices AHMET FROM INDIA, a FOREIGN EXCHANGE STUDENT, standing by himself away from the crowd.
15) 21) dialog: I can't believe we traded a cute hockey player for that.
15) 23) dialog: Do you think he's circumcised? I always wanted to try sea cucumber.
15) 25) text: ROMAN DUDA saunters up to Jennifer, swigging a bottle of beer. He snatches the pack of cigarettes away from her.
15) 27) dialog: What? I like the Wides.
15) 36) dialog: Arrest me, pfft! You're not even out of the academy yet, Roman!
15) 39) dialog: How will I wait that long?
15) 45) dialog: You can tell they're from the city.
15) 47) dialog: You would think that. You're such a small-time Gomer. I wish we had more guys like that in Devil's Kettle. All stylish and shit.
15) 56) dialog: Hey, I think they need two groupies. Come on! It'll be like Almost Famous! I'll be Penny Lane and you can be the other girl.
15) 61) dialog: Don't be J.V., Needy. They're just boys. Morsels. We have all the power, don't you know that?
15) 63) dialog: These things are like smart bombs. Point `em in the right direction and shit gets real.
15) 64) text: Needy shrugs free of Jennifer's grasp and follows her reluctantly across the room.
15) 67) dialog: Hi. Um, we just really wanted to meet you or something? I'm Jennifer Check and this is my friend.
15) 69) text: He reaches down and pumps Jennifer's outstretched hand.
15) 77) dialog: 
15) 82) dialog: Can I show you my appreciation right now?
15) 84) text: Jennifer's voice scales up nervously.
15) 85) dialog: Like, I'll buy you a drink? I mean, I'll see if I can get you a drink. They make this great 9/11 tribute shooter? It's red, white and blue, but you have to drink it fast or it gets all brownish.
15) 88) text: Jennifer hurries off toward the bar.
15) 104) text: Nikolai is already ignoring him. Needy, alarmed, emerges from her hiding place and discreetly rushes over to the bar where Jennifer is arguing with a jealous-looking Roman. He shakes his head in disgust and leaves the bar. Jennifer walks over holding an ostentatious PATRIOTIC THEMED DRINK. She laughs when she sees Needy's concerned expression.
15) 105) dialog: What? Are you scared of rock stars too?
15) 112) dialog: I think the singer wants me.
15) 115) dialog: Yeah, right! I'm not even a backdoor-virgin anymore, thanks to Roman. By the way, that hurts. I couldn't even go to flags the next day. I had to stay home and sit on a bag of frozen peas.
15) 118) dialog: Well, if Nikolai wants innocent, I can do innocent. I'll be Little Miss Fucking Sunshine.
15) 120) dialog: Don't cock-block me, Needy.
15) 125) text: He WINKS at Jennifer. The band launch into the same intense, soaring song we heard in the COP CAR and the HOLE. Jennifer's eyes never leave Nikolai's. She's hypnotized, clinging to Needy's arm. Even the locals look charmed. Suddenly, a lick of FLAME appears on the wood paneling next to the stage. Needy is the first to notice. As she watches in horror, the fire is reflected in her glasses.
15) 132) text: The flames quickly climbs up to the ceiling and begin to blaze uncontrollably. People SCREAM and scatter. Someone ineffectually tries to throw a pitcher of beer on the fire. Nikolai turns and sees the fire spreading. He and Chas exchange glances. The BASS PLAYER pitches his guitar aside and jumps off the stage, and the drummer abandons his kit. Nikolai seems perfectly cool and composed as he watches from the stage...is he smiling? CHAOS. Everyone is trying to get out of the bar at once, causing a stampede. A woman's clothes and hair CATCH FIRE and she falls to her knees. We see a BEAM fall from the roof, nearly killing AHMET FROM INDIA. Jennifer stands still in a dreamlike state.
15) 135) text: Needy grabs Jennifer by the elbow and pulls her into the tiny BATHROOM. Choking on smoke, they climb onto the Sticker Toilet (which now sports a giant SOFT SHOULDER sticker on the tank) and boost each other out the BATHROOM WINDOW. Hundreds are still trapped inside, screaming.
16) 0) text: Jennifer collapses in Needy's arms, coughing. Needy hugs her fiercely, almost romantically. She cups Jennifer's flushed face and looks into her eyes.
16) 2) dialog: 
16) 6) text: Suddenly, a HAND clamps onto Jennifer's shoulder. Both girls jump. It's Nikolai, his forehead creased with false concern.
16) 16) text: Needy narrows her eyes suspiciously. Muffled SCREAMS rise up from the flame-engulfed building. Jennifer covers her ears and cowers, sweat rolling down her face.
16) 20) dialog: Okay...okay...
16) 24) text: He smoothly retrieves a plastic bottle of PEACH SCHNAPPS from his coat and holds it to Jennifer's lips. She swigs it cooperatively, dribbling down her chin.
16) 36) dialog: 
16) 39) dialog: Needy, stop it. Just stop it!
16) 40) text: She defiantly follows Nikolai toward the WHITE VAN, which is parked a suspiciously safe distance from the bar. Needy staggers after them slowly, watching. Behind Needy, the bar EXPLODES. Screams. Flames. Silence. Needy doesn't even look back as she watches Jennifer get into the van. Ash drifts into her hair like snowflakes.
20) 6) text: Jennifer is standing in the dark hallway, looking ghostly pale and smiling. Her clothes are tattered and stained-- her entire front is soaked in blood. Her makeup is smeared, and her eyes are bruised and sunken like a zombie's. She looks HORRIFYING, especially with that ghastly, clownish grin.
20) 9) text: Jennifer says nothing and continues to smile with blood- tinged teeth.
20) 11) text: Utter silence. Then a dripping sound. Needy looks down and sees large drops of blood spattering the linoleum. Jennifer continues to smile, staring directly at Needy.
20) 14) text: Jennifer lets out a horrifying banshee SCREAM, wailing at the top of her lungs. She vomits a torrent of evil- looking black bile all over herself and Needy and staggers wildly down the hallway.
20) 15) text: The bloody black bile hits the wall, splashing a framed school portrait of Needy. Needy screams and watches in horror as it slides down the wall. The bile has hundred of tiny SPINES sticking out of it, like little porcupine needles, and it appears to move by itself, oozing across the linoleum, creeping into the corners. It's truly revolting. Needy grabs Jennifer blindly and claps a hand over her mouth. Jennifer falls to her knees, her screams turning to jagged, insane laughter. Needy tries to run, but Jennifer grabs her and THROWS her against the wall with superhuman force, pinning her. Jennifer slowly, tantalizingly brushes her face against Needy's hair, her earlobe. Needy doesn't move a muscle. Jennifer's hand slides up Needy's ribcage. She presses her lips against Needy's carotid artery. We hear Needy's blood pumping, swishing.
20) 22) dialog: 
20) 24) text: Needy nods. Jennifer parts her lips. Then suddenly, she stops and PULLS AWAY, pushing Needy to the floor. Jennifer bolts out the front door and takes off running down the street. Needy is motionless for a moment, then stumbles toward the doorway.
21) 0) text: Moments before the first morning bell. Needy is sitting at her desk in English class, still visibly bruised from her scuffle with Jennifer the night before. She looks like she hasn't slept a wink. The mood is quiet and somber-- kids whisper about the fire and gather in groups.
21) 7) text: Suddenly, a figure steps in front of Needy. It's JENNIFER, looking absolutely gorgeous-- and remarkably unscathed. She smiles brightly at Needy as if nothing happened the night before.
21) 8) dialog: Happy Friday!, D-bag!
21) 16) dialog: Yeah. Why wouldn't I be?
21) 19) dialog: Needy, you're delusional. I got a little banged up when you made me go out that window, but I'm fine.
21) 22) dialog: You do have a tendency to overreact. Remember at Girl Scout camp when you thought there was an earthquake and it was really just two guys with a ghetto blaster?
21) 26) dialog: Anyone we know?
21) 29) dialog: Sucks to be them, I guess.
21) 32) text: Jennifer applies lip gloss and smacks her lips together.
21) 34) dialog: What's wrong with you? I mean, besides the obvious surface flaws.
22) 9) dialog: Don't talk to yourself. It's one of your more freakish Needy behaviors and it makes us both look like total gaylords.
22) 10) text: Needy raises her hands desperately to Jennifer, spreading her fingers to display her filthy fingernails.
22) 11) dialog: Eww, you need a mani bad. You'd better find a Chinese chick to buff your situation!
22) 18) dialog: 
22) 22) text: A single, stifled sob rises from the class. Needy glances around the room and sees students fighting back tears. A huge JOCK weeps openly, tears spattering his swimsuit- model decorated notebook. Jennifer smirks, barely able to contain her laughter.
22) 25) dialog: No way! Parrish ate shit?
22) 30) text: Needy eyes Jennifer warily.
22) 36) dialog: 
24) 6) dialog: Hi!
24) 10) dialog: I'm crazy-sorry about your profound loss. You are crying about Craig, right?
24) 13) text: Jennifer puts her arm around him sympathetically.
24) 14) dialog: I know. I was close to him too. You know, I was there last night in that horrible place. I saw Craig a few minutes before the fire broke out.
24) 16) dialog: Yeah. I was probably the last person to talk to him. Like, ever. Literally.
24) 26) dialog: Well, we got to talking about you, actually. And do you know what he said? He said you were like a brother to him. Not a bro. An actual brother.
24) 27) text: Jonas's lip trembles as he unsuccessfully fights back tears. Jennifer cuddles closer to him.
24) 29) dialog: I know, I know.
24) 32) dialog: Forget it. It's too intense.
24) 35) dialog: Well, he said he always thought you and me would make a totally bangin' couple. Isn't that so weird?
24) 38) text: Jennifer reaches for Jonas's hand and slides it slowly up her shirt, placing it on her left breast.
24) 40) dialog: 
24) 52) dialog: Come with me. Just for a while. We'll help each other get through this nightmare. It's what Craig would have wanted.
24) 53) text: Jonas nods dumbly, brainwashed. Jennifer leads him away from the field, toward the WOODS bordering the school campus. They vanish into the woods. In the distance, we see the FALLS rushing into the lake.
26) 0) text: Jennifer and Jonas are in the woods. Jennifer efficiently whips off her top and bra and begins kissing Jonas hungrily. As Jonas touches her, he recoils.
26) 2) dialog: (firmly covering his
26) 5) text: The woods are dead silent. A few squirrels approach the clearing, and Jonas watches them warily with one open eye as Jennifer kisses him. Then a deer wanders into the clearing. Then a fox. The animals pause in their tracks and watch, motionless. It's an eerie, unnatural tableau.
26) 9) text: Jennifer is annoyed.
26) 10) dialog: What?
26) 14) dialog: Mm-hmm. They're waiting.
26) 16) text: Jennifer unzips Jonas's jeans and smiles, reaching down and working him with her hand. Jonas moans, still eyeing the animals.
26) 17) dialog: Do you miss Craig?
26) 25) dialog: Don't worry. You're going to see your buddy again.
26) 28) dialog: No.
26) 29) text: She smiles and shakes her head. Jonas jerks back, creeped out. He tries to pull away from Jennifer, but she's too strong. She PINS him to the tree. We see her jaw begin to UNHINGE, like some horrible snake. Her eyes cloud over with blood...
28) 11) text: As Needy sinks to her knees, she stares straight ahead at the REFRIGERATOR. A photo magnet of JENNIFER leers back at her.
32) 1) text: Suddenly, a HEAD breaks the surface of the lake. It's Jennifer, gliding through the water. She looks calm and serene. The SCREAMING continues across the lake. The sirens, shouting and chaos contrast sharply with this peaceful scene. Jennifer paddles to the shore and hoists herself onto the pier, naked and dripping wet. She runs her tongue over her teeth briefly and nonchalantly picks something out from between her two front teeth, like she's just finished a delicious rib dinner. Jennifer wrings out her sopping hair and reaches for her clothes, which are neatly folded on the pier.
34) 1) text: Jennifer's hair is still wet from the lake, but she's changed into shorts and a tank top. Music blasts from her stereo. She admires herself in the mirror, popping her ass.
34) 3) dialog: I feel sooo scrumptious!
34) 6) dialog: You know, like when you kiss a hot guy for the first time and your whole body feels like it's on vibrate.
34) 8) dialog: It's that good.
34) 9) text: Jennifer gazes at her arm, transfixed. She wipes the blood away-- the wound has magically DISAPPEARED.
34) 20) dialog: Move-on dot org, Needy! It's over. Life's too short to mope over some white-trash pig roast.
34) 24) dialog: I tell it like it is. Besides, you should be happy for me. I'm having the best day since, like Jesus invented the calendar.
34) 26) text: Jennifer giggles maniacally and sighs with happiness.
34) 29) dialog: So blow it off.
34) 32) dialog: Pooh. I'm crossing you out.
34) 50) text: Back on JENNIFER: Jennifer is impatiently dragging a razor down her arm. Blood drips onto the rug. She smiles, in awe of herself.
34) 53) dialog: What could possibly be more important than me and my godlike powers?
34) 55) dialog: Chip is looking cute to me lately. So tell me, is he packing some serious pubic inches? What's the story down there?
35) 61) text: We see Jennifer cheerfully skipping down the school hallway in a sleazy Technicolor outfit. The rest of the kids look grey, ashen and depressed, but Jennifer pops like a Roman candle.
37) 8) dialog: Bo-ring!
37) 9) text: We see Jennifer. She looks haggard, thin, and cranky.
37) 12) dialog: No. I feel like boo-boo. My skin is breaking out. My hair is dull and lifeless. God, it's like I'm one of the normal girls!
37) 15) dialog: PMS isn't real, Needy. It was invented by the boy-run media to make us seem crazy.
38) 1) text: Needy and Jennifer slowly head toward their respective lockers.
38) 3) dialog: Yeah. It's poorly produced. Could the bass be any lower in the mix?
38) 6) dialog: I'm fine. It's just, like, wearing off or something.
38) 9) dialog: No, dick ridge! Just forget I said anything.
38) 10) text: COLIN GRAY, the punk/goth boy we met earlier, approaches Jennifer nervously as she exits the classroom. Needy drops behind them, eavesdropping.
38) 18) dialog: Oh, hey Colin. Listen, can I copy your bio lab again? I never got around to dissecting that kitten fetus.
38) 20) dialog: Oh. You want to know if I'll go out with you.
38) 24) dialog: Just go ahead with the pitch.
38) 29) dialog: I don't like boxing movies.
38) 31) text: He turns to walk down the hallway, dejected. Jennifer watches him leave.
38) 32) dialog: Wait!
38) 34) dialog: Why don't you just come by my place tonight? I just got Aquamarine on DVD. It's about this girl who's like, half-sushi. I guess she has sex through her blowhole or something.
38) 42) dialog: I'll text you my address.
38) 46) dialog: I'm used to guys asking me out.
38) 48) dialog: He's into maggot-rock. He wears nail polish.
38) 52) dialog: 
38) 55) dialog: I gotta go parlez French. Slam you later.
38) 56) text: Jennifer walks away.
39) 1) text: Colin Gray drives down the street in a big old boat of a classic car. He's blasting punk music on an iPod that's been rigged to the ancient AM radio. Colin holds up his CELL PHONE to re-read the directions Jennifer texted him. The street is extremely dark and silent, occupied only by a new townhouse development. The identical units still appear to be under construction. There aren't even any streetlights. The plastic sheeting over the windows flaps eerily in the breeze. Colin's brow furrows in confusion-- it doesn't even look like anyone lives here yet. He checks the phone display again.
43) 0) text: Colin follows the music into an empty bedroom. The dark room is filled with blazing candles melting and pooling into bizarre shapes. A single BLANKET is spread out on the floor. Colin shivers. Behind him, in the doorway, Jennifer appears, her smiling face hellishly aglow.
43) 2) dialog: You made it.
43) 4) dialog: No baby. This is our house, just for you and me. We can play Mommy and Daddy.
43) 7) dialog: Silly. I've been sending you signals all year. Couldn't you tell? You give me such a wettie.
45) 0) text: Jennifer grips Colin's face in her hands and forcibly kisses him on the mouth. Colin succumbs, but stiffly. We hear a SCRATCHING noise. Colin pulls away instinctively and sees MICE and ROACHES emerging from the walls, skittering over surfaces.
45) 2) text: Jennifer looks over her shoulder and giggles.
45) 3) dialog: You scared? I thought boys like you were into vermin.
45) 6) dialog: Nice hardware, Ace.
45) 7) text: Colin into Jennifer's eyes. There's something horrible about her face...like she's become almost corpselike.
45) 10) dialog: Oh, don't you dare pass out! I need you to be conscious.
45) 19) dialog: I need you frightened.
45) 20) text: Colin tries to jerk away, but Jennifer easily disengages his arm from its socket. A sickeningly moist SNAP. Colin cries out in pain.
45) 22) dialog: I need you hopeless.
45) 24) text: We see their shadows against the wall: Jennifer lunging hungrily, blood spraying up from Colin's jugular. We can hear him screaming and gargling on his own blood.
49) 1) text: Colin's thrashing limbs finally go limp. Jennifer is hunched over his remains like a jackal scooping blood into her mouth with cupped hands. We see his eyes, flecked with blood, pupils dilated. A white MOUSE crawls over his face.
51) 3) text: Needy seizes the wheel drives recklessly down a dark, tree-lined street. Then, she sees something bright emerge from the shadows. Her eyes widen... It's JENNIFER, creeping toward the curb like an animal. She's pale in the moonlight. The entire lower half of her face is covered in blood, like a ghoulish beard of gore. She flashes a huge, deranged, toothy SMILE at Needy.
51) 4) text: Needy screams and SWERVES. The car fishtails out of control and slides into a ditch. Needy slams her foot onto the accelerator, trying to get out of the trench. She glances desperately out the side window. Jennifer is gone. Panting, Needy tries to accelerate again.
51) 10) text: Suddenly, Jennifer appears from out of nowhere and SLAMS her body against the windshield, her long limbs splayed like an insect's. The windshield SHATTERS. Jennifer grins at Needy through the cracking glass. Needy screams again, puts the pedal to the floor, and manages to rear up out of the ditch. Jennifer's body tumbles off the car as Needy goes roaring down the street.
54) 1) text: Little Needy and Little Jennifer are playing Barbies in a sandbox. Needy holds a brand new, immaculate Barbie doll.
54) 16) text: Jennifer lifts her hand. There's a TACK stuck in her palm and it's bleeding.
54) 19) text: Needy grabs Jennifer's hand, pulls out the tack and wipes away the blood. It's still bleeding. Panicking, she leans forward and instinctively puts her mouth to the wound.
54) 20) text: Jennifer watches quietly. Needy pulls away.
56) 2) text: Needy flicks on her bedside lamp, petrified. Jennifer is curled up in bed beside her, reclining casually. She's freshly showered and wearing one of Needy's dorky T- shirts. Needy screams at the top of her lungs and leaps out of bed, pulling the covers with her.
56) 3) dialog: God, enough screaming already. You're such a cliche.
56) 5) dialog: But we always share your bed when we have slumber parties.
56) 9) dialog: Whoa. I have never heard you drop the F-bomb before. What's buggin'?
56) 12) dialog: 
56) 15) dialog: Go ahead, narc me out. I've got the cops in my back pocket. I'm fucking a cadet, remember?
56) 23) dialog: I want to explain some things to you. You've already seen too much and besides-- best friends don't keep secrets. Right?
56) 25) dialog: Remember the night of the fire?
56) 27) dialog: Well, I got pretty messed up. I almost died. You know those guys in Soft Shoulder? Totally evil. They're basically agents of Satan with awesome haircuts. I figured that out as soon as I got into their molester van.
57) 1) text: Jennifer is crouched in the back of the van. None of the band members are speaking. Nikolai Wolf drives down a gravel road, away from the fire site and deep into the woods.
57) 3) dialog: Guys? Where are we going?
57) 9) text: Jennifer looks around the van, wide-eyed. There's glow-in the-dark Satanic imagery painted all over the walls: goats heads, pentagrams, and strange coded writing. She sees a few books sliding around on the floor: "Spells and Incantations," "Summoning the Beast," and a copy of the Black Mass.
57) 10) text: Jennifer springs to her feet and tries to escape out the side door. MICK, the drummer, grabs her ankles, taking her down.
57) 16) dialog: Are you guys rapists?!
57) 19) text: Jennifer struggles again, but Mick holds her down.
57) 22) text: A GLINT OF HOPE in Jennifer's eyes. Maybe if she lies she can save herself.
57) 24) dialog: Yes...yes! Of course I'm a virgin! I've never done sex ever. I don't even know how. So maybe you should find some other girl who does. Know how.
59) 0) text: Needy is still cowering on her bedroom floor, captivated by the tale in progress. Jennifer is reclining in the bed with a relaxed, supernatural glow.
59) 2) dialog: Just let me finish. So they drove all the way out to the falls. I tried to figure out an escape, but it was so dark out there...
60) 1) text: The door of the van slides open. Nikolai pulls Jennifer out of the van and hustles her into the clearing. He looks up into the sky.
60) 6) text: The four band members surround Jennifer, looking statuesque in their sexy rock n' roll ensembles.
60) 7) text: Without warning, Nikolai hauls off and KICKS Jennifer. She yelps and falls onto her back on the dirt.
60) 32) text: The guys have dragged Jennifer onto the makeshift altar and are holding her down. She struggles and screams, but Dirk slaps her again.
60) 35) text: He tries to remember Jennifer's name and fails.
60) 39) dialog: 
60) 45) dialog: Please let me go. I'll do anything. Anything you want.
60) 49) text: He reaches into Jennifer's bra and casually pulls out a GEL BREAST ENHANCER, tossing it aside.
60) 50) text: Jennifer rears up and SPITS in his artfully rumpled hair. Nikolai smooths his `do, enraged.
60) 63) dialog: 
60) 68) dialog: Please...
60) 72) text: The group begins chanting jibberish in unison. Jennifer struggles, watching as their eyes go hollow and black.
60) 91) text: As the group sings, Nikolai brings the knife down with a grin. We hear Jennifer SCREAMING, sounds of violence and clothes ripping as Nikolai relentlessly beats her and stabs her, his face contorting demonically. The band continues to sing, their voices carrying over the trees.
61) 0) text: Needy's expression is both incredulous and horrified. Jennifer is totally matter-of-fact. She picks at her nails with a wooden cuticle stick from Needy's night stand.
61) 2) dialog: Being tortured would make most girls black out or something. But I'm so hard core, I was with them the whole time. I could feel them gutting me Under my ribs, up into my belly, then right through my heart.
61) 5) dialog: I'm here, aren't I?
61) 8) dialog: I mean, yeah. They went Benihana on my ass. It should have killed me. But for some reason, it didn't.
61) 11) dialog: Whatever. Anyway, I don't really remember what happened after that. I just-- woke up a few hours later and found my way back, somehow.
62) 1) text: We see Jennifer staggering down the street, battered, mutilated and bloody. She spits a few TEETH onto the curb, clutching her chest. We see her wander toward Needy's house...
63) 2) dialog: I couldn't bring myself to hurt you. I mean, I'm a really good friend. But I felt so hungry. I had to do something.
64) 1) text: Jennifer is wandering down a rural road in a daze. She hears a faint COUGH. Jennifer stops and sees a hunched FIGURE walking down the opposite side of the street. It's AHMET FROM INDIA, the foreign student. He's covered in soot and looks traumatized.
64) 2) text: Jennifer takes a step. Ahmet takes a step. Jennifer stops. Ahmet stops.
64) 3) text: Their eyes meet. Jennifer crosses the street. Ahmet stares at her, frightened. Jennifer addresses him in a quiet, gravelly voice.
64) 5) dialog: Ahmet. You made it out.
64) 8) dialog: Are you lost?
64) 11) dialog: Does your host family know you're alive?
64) 14) dialog: Does anyone know you're alive?
64) 21) dialog: Come with me. We'll sort this out.
65) 1) dialog: Ever since then, I just somehow knew what I needed to do to be strong. And when I'm full--like I am right now--I'm like, immortal! I can do stuff like this.
65) 2) text: Jennifer jams the CUTICLE STICK into her own forearm and drags it through her flesh. Needy screams and covers her mouth.
65) 3) dialog: No biggie. Watch.
65) 4) text: She pulls out the stick. The wound seals over instantly. Needy gasps and touches Jennifer's unmarked arm.
65) 6) dialog: That's some X-Men shit, right?
65) 8) dialog: You know. Full. Like full of tasty morsels.
65) 10) dialog: Forget it. You'd probably tell on me anyway. Not that anyone would believe you. You always think the world is coming to an end.
65) 12) text: Jennifer rolls her eyes.
65) 18) dialog: You should talk to someone about these disturbing thoughts you're having. We're all concerned. Especially Chip. I think he's having second thoughts about you.
65) 22) dialog: My, aren't we a C-U-Next-Tuesday?
65) 24) dialog: Come on. Let me stay the night. We can play "boyfriend/girlfriend" like we used to.
65) 26) text: Needy crawls further away from her, shivering. Jennifer rolls her eyes and gets out of bed. She walks over to the second-story window and cranks it open.
65) 29) dialog: You said to leave. So I'm outtie- 5000.
65) 31) dialog: See you at school.
65) 32) text: She LEAPS gracefully out the window. Needy watches in stunned silence for a few moments. Then she creeps over to the window and looks out. Nothing there but the wind. Jennifer's gone.
66) 31) text: She says "Jennifer Check" as if it were the most disgusting name imaginable. Needy covers her face.
67) 3) text: We see Jennifer a few yards away, talking and laughing with some other flag team members.
67) 6) text: Needy gazes off into the distance with bloodshot eyes. As she stares at Jennifer, she see has a series of brief, gruesome HALLUCINATIONS: Jennifer as a grinning death mask. Jennifer as a corpse, the lower half of her face rotted away. Jennifer as a harlequin monster. Needy hears the rush of her own blood, the barely audible buzzing of flies... Chip jogs up next to her, jolting her out of her reverie.
68) 0) text: Needy and Chip walk to an alley behind the school. Melting snow drips off the eaves. Needy pulls out a large black binder and opens it. It's full of copies from the library and Internet printouts. The spine reads "JENNIFER RESEARCH"
77) 0) text: Chip picks up the pace, jogging down the path. In the distance behind him we can barely make out Jennifer's form. She looks more spectral then we've ever seen her.
77) 1) text: Chip speeds up instinctively. Suddenly, Jennifer's about ten paces closer. Then she's closer again, as if she can fold space and time. She's ethereal, flickering. CHIP turns to look over his shoulder.
79) 2) dialog: CHIP!
79) 3) text: CHIP makes an incoherent noise and jumps as Jennifer appears, improbably, right in front of him. She's wearing a gorgeous white formal gown and looks perfect.
79) 4) dialog: Didn't you hear me calling your name?
79) 6) dialog: Yes, I was.
79) 9) dialog: I think you were maybe spacing out. You were like this: Derrrrr.
79) 17) dialog: Yes, exactly like that. Listen, I need to talk to you about you-know- who. Our little Needy.
79) 20) dialog: Are you worried? `Cause I'm super- stressed about her. God knows how I even sleep at night.
79) 22) dialog: I think I know what's wrong with her. In fact, I know I know what's wrong with her.
79) 25) dialog: I feel bad telling you this.
79) 29) dialog: Needy and Colin were intimate. By that I mean he was poking her donut on a semi-regular basis.
79) 31) dialog: I know this must be hard for you to hear.
79) 41) dialog: That's what she wants you to believe. But trust me, her and Colin were doing stuff you haven't even heard of. Total varsity moves.
79) 44) dialog: Well, apparently he had a thing for me-- no surprise there. And I figured Needy was busy jumping your jock that night, so I agreed to a little pity date. Colin brought me to that empty house so we could have some privacy. But he wanted to go too far, so I left after a few minutes. Next thing I knew, they'd found...
79) 46) dialog: ...what was left of him.
79) 49) dialog: Huh?
79) 51) dialog: I'm sorry you had to hear this from me. I'm just so worried about Needy. She's losing her shit. Colin was her everything.
79) 53) dialog: I wouldn't be surprised if she winds up in the nuthouse.
79) 63) dialog: Well, you've been talking to her more than I have. How bad is it?
79) 66) dialog: I can only imagine the paranoid theories she's come up with.
79) 68) dialog: I just can't believe she would do this to you. I care so much about you, Chip.
79) 71) dialog: More than I've ever had the guts to admit.
81) 0) text: CHIP is hypnotized in the glow of the streetlights. Jennifer leans forward and kisses him on the neck
81) 1) dialog: Needy didn't deserve a boy like you.
83) 0) text: Jennifer is kissing Chip. She pulls him down onto the damp, muddy grass.
83) 1) dialog: Ooh, you're so salty!
83) 3) dialog: Say it like you mean it.
83) 10) dialog: Say I'm better than Needy.
83) 12) dialog: We really shouldn't be doing this.
83) 16) text: Jennifer smiles, satisfied.
83) 17) dialog: Natch.
83) 20) dialog: I have just the place.
83) 23) text: Jennifer giggles and pulls him along.
83) 25) dialog: You're in big trouble anyway. Come on.
85) 1) text: Jennifer nonchalantly unzips her dress and shimmies out of it, revealing her bra and panties.
85) 4) dialog: Never, Trevor. I'm hot like magma.
85) 7) dialog: Swimming.
85) 10) dialog: Come on in, Chip. Show me your breast stroke.
85) 12) dialog: It's not so bad.
85) 22) dialog: I'm sorry. I was just trying to make you laugh. I think now, more than ever, we need laughter. We've both lost a close friend.
85) 26) dialog: I feel so empty.
85) 28) dialog: Please come here and kiss me again. Make all this madness go away.
85) 29) text: Chip tiptoes forward tentatively and sinks to his knees. He leans in and kisses Jennifer, who's still clinging to the ladder. The sound of buzzing flies grows louder. Suddenly, Jennifer opens her eyes. She hooks her arm around Chip's neck and lunges backward. They tumble off the ladder, into the pool. Chip SCREAMS.
87) 1) text: Jennifer is waist deep in the DIRTY WATER, flinging Chip against the wall like a rag doll. He's still conscious, but his skin on his chest has been RIPPED OFF to expose his ribs. Jennifer is CHEWING happily. Chip looks at Needy, his face a mask of agony.
87) 5) text: Jennifer begins gnawing on Chip's neck, so engaged in the task that she doesn't notice Needy. Needy climbs up on the diving board and crosses herself.
87) 8) text: Jennifer looks up with demonic, bloodshot eyes just as Needy leaps off the diving board. Needy lands on Jennifer's shoulders, taking her out. She wraps her legs around Jennifer's neck and drags her under the water. Jennifer emerges. Needy grabs her by the hair and girly- slaps her furiously across the face. Then she spots the PEPPER SPRAY lying by the side of the pool. She grabs it and sprays it in Jennifer's eyes. Jennifer shrieks and vomits NASTY, SPINY GORE all over Needy and Chip.
87) 16) dialog: Fuck this J.V. shit!
87) 17) text: Jennifer ROCKETS straight up into the air like a goddess, hovering ten feet above the pool. Her eyes burn. Her skin is corpselike. She's drenched from head to toe in the prickly ooze.
87) 22) text: Jennifer speaks in a metallic, demonic-sounding voice.
87) 24) dialog: God, do you have to undermine everything I do? You're such a player-hater.
87) 25) text: Needy glares at Jennifer, surprisingly fearless.
87) 27) dialog: Nice insult, Lizzie McGuire. Got any more harsh digs?
87) 30) dialog: And now I'm eating your boyfriend! See? At least I'm consistent.
87) 42) text: Jennifer floats in midair toward the pool deck and drifts down, landing on her feet. Needy crawls out of the pool and faces her down.
87) 43) dialog: I am not insecure. God, what a joke! How could I be insecure? I was the Snowflake Queen!
87) 45) dialog: I AM STILL SOCIALLY RELEVANT!
87) 48) text: A look of ABJECT HORROR on Jennifer's face. She reels back against the chain link fence, her eyes blazing.
87) 49) dialog: I'm gonna eat your soul and shit it out, Lesnicki.
87) 54) dialog: I go both ways.
87) 55) text: She HURTLES herself toward Needy, roaring, her eyes white hot, her jaws agape. She's monstrous. Chip suddenly stumbles in front of Needy and holds the HANDLE of the POOL SKIMMER in front of them like a spear. As Jennifer flies forward at demonic speed, she IMPALES HER ENTIRE TORSO on the handle. Needy screams. There's a beat of deafening silence.
87) 61) text: Chip collapses on the pool deck. Jennifer rises uncertainly to her feet, "shishkebabbed" on the giant skimmer. With effort, she pulls the handle out of her body in several stages.
87) 62) dialog: Ow-Ow-Ow.
87) 63) text: Needy watches, and realizes Jennifer is injured. Blood drips onto the pool deck.
87) 66) text: Blood trickles out of Jennifer's wound. She tries to plug the hole with her hand.
87) 68) dialog: Got a tampon?
87) 70) dialog: Thought I'd ask. You seemed like you might be pluggin'.
87) 73) dialog: Fuck this noise. I'm out. You losers are more trouble then you're worth.
87) 77) dialog: Nah. I mean, you say I've been a bad friend all these years. I might as well throw you a bone.
87) 85) text: She smirks and jumps over the fence, stumbling off into the distance. Needy watches her, her eyes narrowing with hate. Once Jennifer has disappeared, Needy turns her attention to Chip, who is barely alive. She stares in horror at his torn arm and exposed ribs, then falls to her knees over his body.
94) 0) text: Needy is crouched outside Jennifer's window, hiding in the shrubbery. She looks almost feral, with wide eyes and a hungry expression. Through the window, we see Jennifer sitting at a vanity and combing her hair, oblivious to the intruder in her yard.
94) 3) text: We see Jennifer putting the comb down and examining her hair with a appraising eye.
95) 1) text: We're seeing a FLASHBACK of the night Needy slaughtered Jennifer. Needy plunging through the window. Jennifer thrashing. The blood. The struggle. The levitation. The arrival of the police.
95) 3) text: We see, for a moment, Jennifer's sly, challenging smile as Needy raises the boxcutter to slash her. That signature look of mastery and control.
95) 12) text: We see Jennifer's mother holding her again, screaming, though all we hear is SILENCE and STATIC. Sure enough, Jennifer's bleeding body seems to be artfully, sensually draped in her mother's arms. She almost seems to be SMIRKING at us.