24) 0) text: JONAS KOZELLE, the JOCK we saw sobbing earlier, is standing at the deserted football field.
24) 8) dialog: 
24) 12) dialog: He was my best friend.
24) 15) dialog: You-- you did?
24) 17) dialog: Wow. What did he say?
24) 27) text: Jonas's lip trembles as he unsuccessfully fights back tears. Jennifer cuddles closer to him.
24) 28) dialog: (choking up) I just can't believe he's gone.
24) 31) dialog: What?
24) 33) dialog: What? Please, Jen, you've gotta tell me!
24) 37) dialog: He said bangin'?
24) 38) text: Jennifer reaches for Jonas's hand and slides it slowly up her shirt, placing it on her left breast.
24) 42) dialog: (choking up) Mine too.
24) 53) text: Jonas nods dumbly, brainwashed. Jennifer leads him away from the field, toward the WOODS bordering the school campus. They vanish into the woods. In the distance, we see the FALLS rushing into the lake.
26) 0) text: Jennifer and Jonas are in the woods. Jennifer efficiently whips off her top and bra and begins kissing Jonas hungrily. As Jonas touches her, he recoils.
26) 1) dialog: You feel so warm. Why are you so warm?
26) 4) text: She pulls off Jonas' shirt and digs her nails into his arms, kissing him with renewed ferocity.
26) 5) text: The woods are dead silent. A few squirrels approach the clearing, and Jonas watches them warily with one open eye as Jennifer kisses him. Then a deer wanders into the clearing. Then a fox. The animals pause in their tracks and watch, motionless. It's an eerie, unnatural tableau.
26) 7) dialog: 
26) 12) dialog: Look!
26) 15) dialog: Uh, okay...
26) 16) text: Jennifer unzips Jonas's jeans and smiles, reaching down and working him with her hand. Jonas moans, still eyeing the animals.
26) 23) dialog: 
26) 27) dialog: You mean like in heaven someday?
26) 29) text: She smiles and shakes her head. Jonas jerks back, creeped out. He tries to pull away from Jennifer, but she's too strong. She PINS him to the tree. We see her jaw begin to UNHINGE, like some horrible snake. Her eyes cloud over with blood...
29) 8) text: A glimpse of the CORPSE: It's Jonas, of course. His entire torso has been torn open, exposing his ribs and guts. Blood and viscera everywhere, INTESTINES strewn about the forest floor like party streamers.
31) 0) text: A hysterical SCREAM pierces the twilight. The sun has begun to set. An ambulance and four police cars have pulled up near the woods, which are cordoned off with yellow police tape. Near the woods, JONAS'S PARENTS are crying. His MOTHER screams and begins beating the ground with her fists. A stretcher is being loaded into the ambulance. OFFICER WARZAK exits one of the police cruisers. Her signature giant poofy bangs are in full effect. She rushes to comfort Jonas's bereaved mother.
32) 0) text: The sound of Jonas's parents screaming carries across the lake. The water is eerily calm.
35) 8) text: His voice cracks. We see a brief, terrifying FLASH of Jonas's mutilated body and pain-stricken face. Needy doesn't want to believe it.
35) 58) text: We see weeping students shoving flowers through the slats of Jonas' abandoned locker. The hallway floor is covered with teddy bears and bouquets. We see the PASSING OF TIME as the bouquets wilt and the blooms droop.