22) 17) text: MR. WROBLEWSKI, a middle-aged teacher, enters the room. He has a gnarly-looking robotic hand and moves awkwardly.
22) 20) text: Mr. Wroblewski clears his throat. His voice quavers.
22) 21) dialog: I'm sure those of you who made it here today have all heard the news. It's a dark day for Devil's Kettle, a day we can never, ever forget.
22) 23) dialog: The administration here has decided that today will be a unstructured day of support and remembrance. We've lost nine precious students-- including Ahmet from India-- several parents, and a teacher, Ms. Parrish.
22) 27) dialog: This tragedy is obviously beyond anything we can measure. More than ever, we need to band together and draw strength from each other.
22) 28) text: Mr. Wroblewski painstakingly retrieves a tissue from his pocket with his robotic hand and dabs at his face.
22) 29) dialog: (his voice cracking) We can rise up. We can overcome death.
27) 1) text: A horrible SCREAM of agony rises from the woods. Mr. Wroblewski is exiting the school, briefcase in hand. He stops in his tracks when he hears the scream. He shakes his head sadly.
27) 2) dialog: (to himself) God, they're feeling so much pain.
27) 5) dialog: Let it all out, kids.
29) 1) text: Mr. Wroblewski ventures into the woods, heading toward the clearing. At first, we can only hear mysterious sounds-- scratching and smacking. Birds and animals are closely gathered in a circle.
29) 2) text: Suddenly, Mr. Wroblewski clutches his arm and gags, realizing the animals are feeding on a huge CARCASS. A BADGER looks up, its snout soaked in blood. Mr. Wroblewski begins to scream. The animals scatter.
29) 9) dialog: Virgin Mother!
29) 10) text: Mr. Wroblewski falls to his knees, hollering.
37) 0) text: Mr. Wroblewski stands solemnly in front of the class, his mechanical hand tensing and releasing nervously. Needy and the rest of the class fidget.
37) 1) dialog: Before the period ends, I have an announcement.
37) 7) dialog: As you know, this is the one month anniversary of the Carousel fire and also the murder of Jonas Kozelle...
37) 17) text: Mr. Wroblewski clears his throat, annoyed by their talking.
37) 18) dialog: ...As I was saying, Needy and Jennifer, I finally have some good news to share with all of you. The members of the rock group Soft Shoulder have decided to extend a helping hand to our community.
37) 20) dialog: As you know, their song "Through the Trees" has become our unofficial anthem of unity and healing. So, they've decided to release it as a benefit single.
37) 27) dialog: 3% of the profits will go to local families who have been affected by loss.
37) 31) dialog: Excuse me?
37) 42) dialog: GIRLS--
37) 54) dialog: That's enough.
66) 12) dialog: These are Colin's friends.
66) 33) dialog: Did he...?
66) 47) text: She throws herself to the ground, crying and pounding the dirt like a toddler. Colin Gray's mother buries her head in her hands and begins weeping. Mr. Gray attempts to comfort her.
66) 51) dialog: Jill...
66) 64) text: The kids stare at her in awe. Needy watches as Mrs. Gray collapses into Mr. Gray's arms.
78) 0) text: The music fades out and there's a squeal of feedback from the sound system. Mr. Wroblewski walks onto the stage in a bad suit. He awkwardly picks up the mic with his one good hand and pats it with his robotic one.
78) 1) dialog: Can I have everyone's attention please?
78) 12) dialog: Welcome to the Turnabout Dance. I hope you've all had an opportunity to consume the Pecan Sandies and Cran-Grape that were so generously donated by the Parents Club.
78) 14) dialog: But the real treat is yet to come. It's happening right about now, this treat of which I speak. We have some very special guests tonight. They were kind enough to take a break from their sold-out national tour and play our dance for free.
80) 0) text: Mr. Wroblewski pauses dramatically for effect.
80) 2) dialog: Boys and girls, please welcome...Soft Shoulder!