0) 1) text: ANITA "NEEDY" LESNICKI, 17, sits on her hospital bed in pajamas. She's a plain-faced girl with a haunted expression. As she stares out the window, she winds colored yarn around a pair of Popsicle sticks to create a "god's eye."
0) 3) text: Next to Needy, we see a pile of unopened mail scattered casually on the floor. There are letters, packages, even creepy little gifts and totems sent by admiring "fans."
0) 10) dialog: Grassy-ass, Raymundo.
0) 11) text: Needy stands up and begins changing into an institutional gym uniform. As she slips off her pajamas, we can see a series of puffy, slash-like SCARS on her body.
0) 25) text: Needy pulls on her threadbare uniform T-shirt. It hangs down to her knees, covering her shorts.
0) 28) text: Needy picks up a paper cup of COLORFUL PILLS on her dresser, dumps the meds into her mouth, and dry-swallows them.
0) 30) dialog: 
1) 3) text: Needy enters the gym unnoticed, padding along in her bunny slippers.
2) 0) text: The freshly showered PATIENTS assemble for breakfast. They grab trays and settle into noisy cliques. Needy selects a single toaster pastry from the breakfast line and sits down, alone.
2) 2) text: We briefly cut to Needy's chart, on some doctor's clipboard. We see her name: ANITA "NEEDY" LESNICKI and a few brief details about FIRST DEGREE MURDER and GRANDIOSE NOTIONS. Beneath that, we see a triple-highlighted warning in bright ink: KICKER. A NUTRITIONIST with a clipboard approaches Needy casually and eyes her breakfast plate.
2) 5) dialog: 
2) 14) text: Needy scrambles to her feet and delivers a sudden, powerful ROUNDHOUSE KICK to the nutritionist's face.
2) 15) dialog: I'D RECOMMEND THAT YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP!
2) 16) text: The nutritionist is KNOCKED OFF HER FEET-- as if she's been kicked by a far mightier creature than Needy-- and collapses, clutching her bleeding nose. We see that the bone has SNAPPED. The patients shriek. Chaos. As Needy is restrained by staff members, she thrashes like a trapped fish. Needy snorts up a killer LOOGIE and hocks it at the prone nutritionist. The glob nails her in the eye.
2) 17) text: It takes four STAFF MEMBERS to haul Needy away as she hollers in protest.
3) 0) text: Needy is tossed into seclusion. Her hair is wild and her face is wet with tears. The heavy door slams behind her, leaving only a shaft of light.
3) 2) text: Needy cringes as she briefly hallucinates abstract SHAPES in the darkness. Grinning skulls. Faces drained of life, half eaten. Grimaces of terror. Suddenly, soft music   is piped into "the hole," ostensib to calm the patients   in solitary. Needy shudders and recoils at the sound   of it. It's a CHEESY ROCK BALLAD that we'll soon hear   again...
3) 11) text: Needy plugs her ears as if it physically hurts her to listen to the song. She curls up in the corner and steels herself for solitary confinement.
4) 2) dialog: This is where it all went down. "Devil's Kettle" sounds twisted, I know, but the place just is named after a dumb waterfall.
7) 11) text: Jennifer turns her attention back to the TV. Suddenly, we see NEEDY'S FACE pop up against the window, white and startling. Before Jennifer notices, the face disappears. Outside the house, the bushes rustle. Needy is crouched below the window. We hear the pulsing of her HEART as if via ultrasound. It's a wet, rhythmic sound: Sploish, sploish, sploish.
7) 14) text: Needy PLUNGES through the window, screaming and brandishing a HAMMER. She takes a SWING at Jennifer's head, but misses and BURIES IT IN THE WALL, specifically in Jennifer's Fall Out Boy poster. Needy throws herself on top of Jennifer. She STRADDLES Jennifer and grips her throat, throttling her.
7) 15) dialog: You'll throw me a bone, huh? Huh? You killed Chip! You goddamned monster! You...ZOMBITCH!
7) 16) text: Jennifer struggles to fight off Needy in the darkness. Her clawlike fingernails rake Needy's back and arms.
7) 17) text: Needy pulls a BOX CUTTER out of her waistband and flicks it open like a switchblade. Kshink!
7) 20) dialog: Know what this is for? Cutting boxes.
7) 21) text: She takes a swipe at Jennifer's CROTCH. Jennifer instinctively CLUTCHES herself and rears up in defense. We see Jennifer's mouth come down on Needy's neck. Needy shrieks as if BITTEN, but continues to strangle Jennifer, straddling her and bearing down.
7) 28) text: Jennifer's T-shirt slides up to her armpits, exposing her breasts. For a moment, her eyes meet Needy's and she grins. It's as if she has control over Needy for a split second, sexual control... Needy recoils and SLASHES Jennifer's body left and right with the box-cutter, marking a gory, oozing "X" on her torso.
7) 29) dialog: 
7) 31) text: Jennifer gasps, staring at her wounds in shock and disbelief. She looks back up at Needy. A beat of silence. Suddenly, THE GIRLS' BODIES LEVITATE RAPIDLY TOWARD THE CEILING. They wrestle in a bloody, screaming airborne heap, their figures entwined. Their bodies FALL, collapsing back onto the bed with a thud.
7) 32) text: Needy raises the box-cutter and plunges it into Jennifer's HEART. Blood GEYSERS from the wound.
7) 36) text: Suddenly, the room is flooded with BRIGHT LIGHT, revealing a Needy straddling Jennifer's MUTLIATED BODY. Jennifer's breathing is a raspy death rattle. MRS. CHECK, a middle-aged woman in bad sleepwear and a worse perm rushes into the bedroom.
7) 38) text: She pulls Needy off her daughter. Jennifer rolls over, gasping and bleeding.
7) 41) text: Needy drops the boxcutter. It lands on Jennifer's copy of Flag Team Quarterly, splashing the model with fresh gore.
7) 43) dialog: Is she dead, Mrs. Check? Did I get her?
7) 50) text: Mrs. Check cradles her maimed daughter on the floor like a white-trash Pieta. Jennifer takes one last breath, vomits blood, and DIES. Mrs. Check SCREAMS. Needy SMILES.
9) 0) text: Needy, innocent-looking in PIGTAILS, is hustled into the back of the squad car. Her clothes and face are smeared with blood. Officer Duda starts the ignition. His partner, a hard- faced FEMALE COP, slides into the front seat. Her cap is pushed back to accommodate a huge round pouf of shellacked MALL BANGS.
9) 1) dialog: Hi, Roman! How's the Force treating you? I like that jaunty cap. Blue like your balls.
9) 5) dialog: Everything's going to be okay now. I rule.
9) 7) dialog: Hey. Didn't you used to baby-sit me in like 1998? When my mom worked the overnight at Hormel?
9) 14) dialog: Yeah. Gracie, right? Gracie. I really like your hair, Gracie. How many cans of Salon Selectives did it take to erect that monument?
9) 15) text: The cop reaches into the backseat and SLAPS Needy, who hiccups with laughter.
9) 16) dialog: Watch it, Puffy Combs. That's police brutality!
9) 19) dialog: Ugh, don't say attempted. That sounds so JV. Small time. Teeny- weeny, just like Officer Duda up there. And trust me-- I'd know.
9) 22) dialog: Let's get our facts straight: I successfully committed a hard core, fully premeditated murder back there. I fucking destroyed that brat, OK? I, Needy Lesnicki, put a stop-payment on Jennifer Check.
9) 24) dialog: Why am I even in these cuffs? I just saved every guy in this town from becoming Satan Chow. I'm a hero.
9) 37) dialog: Confessions are for pussies. You've got a declaration, Grace.
9) 48) text: Needy stares out the window at the sun creeping up over the forest on the horizon.
9) 56) text: We see a brief montage of black-and-white yearbook stills: JENNIFER executing the splits on a football field, her smile bright. NEEDY inspecting a school newspaper layout, pen in hand, glasses on her nose. And finally, CHIP DOVE, playing a strap-on snare drum at a school pep rally, his head bent in concentration....
10) 5) text: Jennifer finishes her maneuver and WAVES to the stands. Needy waves back at her excitedly from the bleachers, small and owlish with glasses and lank hair.
10) 10) text: CHASTITY, a similarly geeky-looking girl standing next to Needy, rolls her eyes at this display of affection.
10) 12) dialog: What? She's my best friend.
10) 13) text: The geeky girl mockingly imitates Needy's excited wave.
10) 15) text: Needy ignores her.
10) 17) dialog: 
10) 21) dialog: She's not rich.
11) 0) text: Needy digs through her locker, carefully selecting textbooks to take home. Jennifer skips up to her, smiling.
11) 2) dialog: What's up, Vagisil?
11) 4) text: She checks herself out in Needy's locker mirror.
11) 5) dialog: Tonight? Why?
11) 13) dialog: What's Soft Shoulder?
11) 16) dialog: It's Thursday.
11) 19) text: Needy continues loading her backpack.
11) 21) dialog: I have to study.
11) 22) text: Jennifer pouts. With an outstretched finger, she draws a dramatic X in the air over Needy and boos loudly.
11) 25) text: Needy blushes, shrinking self-consciously. She obviously hates to displease Jennifer.
11) 26) dialog: Fine. What time is the show?
11) 29) dialog: He seems nice.
11) 38) dialog: Okay.
12) 0) text: Needy is standing in a small, dingy bathroom, trying on different configurations of clothing.
12) 2) text: Needy wiggles her jeans a bit lower, exposing her childishly round tummy. She walks out of the bathroom into her bedroom, a frilly pink hell complete with canopy bed. CHIP DOVE is sitting on the bed, looking lost in all that pink. He raises an eyebrow at Needy's abdomen.
12) 4) dialog: Chip, it's a rock show. This is my rock look.
12) 7) text: Needy sighs and hoists up her pants.
12) 16) dialog: Jennifer needs me. She really wants to go see this band. It's extremely important to her.
12) 18) dialog: The lead singer, of course. Girls like her don't go out with drummers.
12) 20) dialog: No offense. I mean, she'd probably make an exception for a drummer who was also the lead singer.
12) 22) dialog: Who's Phil Collins?
12) 25) dialog: Anyway, this singer guy is like 22, so he could get locked up in the state pen if he actually dated her. But Jennifer says he's extra salty, so...
12) 28) dialog: "Salty" means beautiful.
12) 30) text: Needy and CHIP start MAKING OUT. CHIP unbuckles his belt eagerly even though they've barely begun. Needy stops.
12) 38) dialog: Jennifer's here.
12) 40) text: Needy shrugs. A beat of silence. Then we hear the door swing open. JENNIFER'S VOICE floats up from downstairs.
12) 44) dialog: (straightening her
12) 47) text: Needy pulls her NECKLACE out from beneath her shirt and flashes a heart-shaped "B.F.F." charm at Chip.
12) 49) dialog: She's my best friend, Chip. Remember? This necklace is no joke.
13) 0) text: Jennifer is waiting in the front hallway. She's heavily made-up and dressed in a predictably sexy outfit. She dangles a set of car keys in front of Needy and CHIP.
13) 4) dialog: Wow.
13) 17) text: She grabs her boobs and thrusts her chest outward at him, giggling. Needy watches jealously and MANEUVERS HER WAY IN FRONT OF JENNIFER.
13) 20) dialog: I think she remembered two buttons.
13) 24) dialog: You're gross!
13) 27) text: The three of them shuffle onto the porch. Needy locks the door.
15) 4) dialog: I don't think so.
15) 16) text: She elbows Needy and makes a GAGGING GESTURE.
15) 18) text: Jennifer pulls out a pack of Camel Wides and lights one awkwardly. Needy notices AHMET FROM INDIA, a FOREIGN EXCHANGE STUDENT, standing by himself away from the crowd.
15) 19) dialog: Hey, it's Ahmet from India. The foreign exchange guy. He's all by himself.
15) 22) dialog: He seems okay. He's got that cool elephant statue in his locker.
15) 24) dialog: Ew!
15) 40) text: She paws Roman's crotch discreetly. Needy winces.
15) 42) dialog: 
15) 48) text: Needy nods dumbly. She stares at the band, awestruck.
15) 54) dialog: They look so-- so cool.
15) 55) text: She gazes at the stage, hearing only the whistling rush of ARCTIC AIR. In SLOW MOTION, the GUITARIST unsheathes his Fender Jaguar from its gig bag. He notices her staring and runs the tip of his tongue over his lips. Needy swallows hard.
15) 57) text: She grabs Needy's hand and enthusiastically tries to drag her toward the stage.
15) 59) dialog: No!
15) 62) text: She plants her hands on Needy's CHEST.
15) 64) text: Needy shrugs free of Jennifer's grasp and follows her reluctantly across the room.
15) 80) dialog: Hey, if you don't mind me asking, why did you want to play all the way out here in Devil's Kettle? You live in the city, right?
15) 83) text: Needy looks at the floor, embarrassed.
15) 89) text: Needy moves self-consciously into a nearby corner, not wanting to continue the conversation with Nikolai alone. A LOCAL plugs a Loretta Lynn tune into the jukebox, with a challenging stare at the band. A DRUNK COUPLE begins two-stepping in front of the stage. Nikolai walks up to the guitar player, DIRK, and pulls him aside. Needy pricks up her ears and listens.
15) 97) text: Needy looks offended.
15) 104) text: Nikolai is already ignoring him. Needy, alarmed, emerges from her hiding place and discreetly rushes over to the bar where Jennifer is arguing with a jealous-looking Roman. He shakes his head in disgust and leaves the bar. Jennifer walks over holding an ostentatious PATRIOTIC THEMED DRINK. She laughs when she sees Needy's concerned expression.
15) 106) dialog: Those guys are rank, Jen. Just forget about it.
15) 113) dialog: Only because he thinks you're a virgin. I heard them talking.
15) 116) dialog: Oh my God.
15) 119) dialog: He's way too old for you.
15) 125) text: He WINKS at Jennifer. The band launch into the same intense, soaring song we heard in the COP CAR and the HOLE. Jennifer's eyes never leave Nikolai's. She's hypnotized, clinging to Needy's arm. Even the locals look charmed. Suddenly, a lick of FLAME appears on the wood paneling next to the stage. Needy is the first to notice. As she watches in horror, the fire is reflected in her glasses.
15) 134) dialog: (to Jennifer) I know where to go!
15) 135) text: Needy grabs Jennifer by the elbow and pulls her into the tiny BATHROOM. Choking on smoke, they climb onto the Sticker Toilet (which now sports a giant SOFT SHOULDER sticker on the tank) and boost each other out the BATHROOM WINDOW. Hundreds are still trapped inside, screaming.
16) 0) text: Jennifer collapses in Needy's arms, coughing. Needy hugs her fiercely, almost romantically. She cups Jennifer's flushed face and looks into her eyes.
16) 5) dialog: You're okay, I promise. You got burned worse when you wore that tin-foil bikini to the beach. Everything's fine.
16) 13) text: Needy is less than thrilled to see him.
16) 14) dialog: We're great. Maybe you should try to find your band?
16) 16) text: Needy narrows her eyes suspiciously. Muffled SCREAMS rise up from the flame-engulfed building. Jennifer covers her ears and cowers, sweat rolling down her face.
16) 25) text: Needy blinks in disbelief at the coincidence.
16) 26) dialog: Aren't you a little freaked out about this? What about all your stuff? It's probably melting, and when you get to the next stop you'll have to do like, a crappy acoustic set! Nobody likes that.
16) 38) dialog: Why? Why should we? We have the Malibu. Let's just get out of here. We can go to El Ojo and get Northwoods Nachos with extra Badger Sauce! Please? I'm starving.
16) 40) text: She defiantly follows Nikolai toward the WHITE VAN, which is parked a suspiciously safe distance from the bar. Needy staggers after them slowly, watching. Behind Needy, the bar EXPLODES. Screams. Flames. Silence. Needy doesn't even look back as she watches Jennifer get into the van. Ash drifts into her hair like snowflakes.
17) 0) text: We see LITTLE NEEDY, about five years old, staring up at a petrified tree in the darkness, horrified yet compelled. The tree seems to stoop forward, cracking...
18) 0) text: Needy stumbles into her bedroom, overwhelmed. Her clothes are smoke damaged and her cheeks are sooty. She grabs her cheap, taped-up cell phone and dials CHIP's number shakily.
19) 3) dialog: Thank God you're there. I hoped you were sleeping with your phone.
19) 5) dialog: Jennifer's gone. She ran off with that rock band. And the Carousel burned down.
19) 10) dialog: No. I think they're mostly dead.
19) 12) dialog: We went out the bathroom window. Everyone else was trying to use the door. It was like a stampede. The people who fainted got run over and you could hear their bones breaking.
19) 18) dialog: There was all this screaming and popping, like a million Black Cats all going off at once. And the smell...
19) 20) dialog: No! Anyway, it took me like an hour to walk home. But Jennifer's still with those creeps! They had one of those white molester vans with no windows. The back was all blacked out.
19) 25) dialog: 
19) 29) dialog: Swing shift. Listen, I'll call you in a minute. Stay awake.
19) 32) text: Needy hangs up the phone and rushes downstairs. As she passes through the shadowy kitchen, appliances HUM all around her. The silence is menacing.
20) 0) text: Needy opens the door. Nobody there. She slams the door, turns around and SCREAMS.
20) 8) dialog: Um, Jennifer?
20) 10) dialog: What happened?
20) 11) text: Utter silence. Then a dripping sound. Needy looks down and sees large drops of blood spattering the linoleum. Jennifer continues to smile, staring directly at Needy.
20) 12) dialog: 
20) 14) text: Jennifer lets out a horrifying banshee SCREAM, wailing at the top of her lungs. She vomits a torrent of evil- looking black bile all over herself and Needy and staggers wildly down the hallway.
20) 15) text: The bloody black bile hits the wall, splashing a framed school portrait of Needy. Needy screams and watches in horror as it slides down the wall. The bile has hundred of tiny SPINES sticking out of it, like little porcupine needles, and it appears to move by itself, oozing across the linoleum, creeping into the corners. It's truly revolting. Needy grabs Jennifer blindly and claps a hand over her mouth. Jennifer falls to her knees, her screams turning to jagged, insane laughter. Needy tries to run, but Jennifer grabs her and THROWS her against the wall with superhuman force, pinning her. Jennifer slowly, tantalizingly brushes her face against Needy's hair, her earlobe. Needy doesn't move a muscle. Jennifer's hand slides up Needy's ribcage. She presses her lips against Needy's carotid artery. We hear Needy's blood pumping, swishing.
20) 24) text: Needy nods. Jennifer parts her lips. Then suddenly, she stops and PULLS AWAY, pushing Needy to the floor. Jennifer bolts out the front door and takes off running down the street. Needy is motionless for a moment, then stumbles toward the doorway.
20) 25) dialog: (screaming after her) Jennifer!
21) 0) text: Moments before the first morning bell. Needy is sitting at her desk in English class, still visibly bruised from her scuffle with Jennifer the night before. She looks like she hasn't slept a wink. The mood is quiet and somber-- kids whisper about the fire and gather in groups.
21) 7) text: Suddenly, a figure steps in front of Needy. It's JENNIFER, looking absolutely gorgeous-- and remarkably unscathed. She smiles brightly at Needy as if nothing happened the night before.
21) 9) dialog: You-- you're all right!
21) 17) dialog: Last night. At my house. You were hurt. You had two black eyes and blood everywhere and...
21) 20) dialog: 
21) 24) dialog: A lot of people died, Jennifer. They burned to death, or they choked, or they just got trampled. More than half of the people there didn't make it out. It's like, all over the news. National news. Kids are dead. Parents are dead.
21) 28) dialog: We know everyone!
21) 31) dialog: I don't get it. What's wrong with you?
21) 39) text: Needy rubs her eyes, stunned.
21) 40) dialog: (to herself) There's no way I dreamed it. No way.
22) 0) text: We see Needy on her hands and knees in the eerie blue light of dawn, sobbing as she diligently scrubs blood and bile off the floor with a dirty sponge. The black, spiny vomit repulses her, and she gags.
22) 3) dialog: Work, you...twat! Swiff, darn it! Swiff! Swiff!
22) 8) dialog: (softly, to herself) Shoot.
22) 10) text: Needy raises her hands desperately to Jennifer, spreading her fingers to display her filthy fingernails.
22) 22) text: A single, stifled sob rises from the class. Needy glances around the room and sees students fighting back tears. A huge JOCK weeps openly, tears spattering his swimsuit- model decorated notebook. Jennifer smirks, barely able to contain her laughter.
22) 26) text: Needy shushes her, appalled.
22) 30) text: Needy eyes Jennifer warily.
23) 0) text: The automated bell rings. Needy slings on her backpack and hurries over to CHIP's locker. He's packing up a pair of drum mallets.
23) 2) dialog: No anything today.
23) 4) dialog: I feel guilty just breathing.
23) 7) dialog: Chip, I need to tell you something kind of weird. It's about Jennifer.
23) 9) dialog: You know last night when we were talking and someone came to my door? That was Jennifer. But she didn't talk. She just stood there, smiling at me, but a bad kind of smile. She looked like she'd been beat up or shot or something. She was all bloody.
23) 16) dialog: And then she barfed up this disgusting prickly stuff that was like roadkill and sewing needles all mixed together.
23) 20) dialog: Yeah, like almost that bad!
23) 21) text: CHIP and Needy ponder the grotesque image in silence.
23) 24) dialog: No. It was something evil.
23) 28) dialog: Chip, I'm a National Merit Scholar. I don't tell whoppers and I'm not crazy.
23) 30) dialog: Discombobulated?
23) 32) text: As they prepare to leave, COLIN GRAY approaches Needy. He's a cute PUNK/GOTH guy wearing black nail polish, a lip ring, and full wardrobe by Hot Topic.
23) 40) text: Chip blatantly scoots closer to Needy, eyeing Colin suspiciously.
23) 41) dialog: Oh. Hi, Colin.
23) 44) dialog: Uh-huh.
23) 47) dialog: Thanks.
23) 51) dialog: I just am. We have Composition together. He's a really good writer. You know-- he's so dark and emotional and all.
23) 53) dialog: Walk me home?
25) 0) text: Needy and Chip are walking home from school, still deep in discussion.
25) 2) dialog: That's the thing, it's not a blur at all! I remember everything, in like ultra-high-def detail. The band, the fire, everything. Especially what happened after.
25) 4) dialog: Please, I need someone to believe me. Jennifer was-- she was destroyed. She was dying in my hallway, Chip. I saw. I used my CPR training to check her pulse. And I felt her dying, on the inside, I mean. I've known her so long that it's like sometimes I can feel what she feels. We're like E.T. and Elliot Ness.
25) 6) text: Chip takes Needy's hand and squeezes it.
25) 7) dialog: Thanks, Chipper.
28) 0) text: Needy is preparing herself a fried bologna sandwich in the kitchen. Needy's ALBINO FERRET chases a ball across the cracked floor. Needy scrapes the sandwich out of the skillet and takes a bite.
28) 8) dialog: Fried bologna is the bomb! (to ferret) You want some, Greedo?
28) 10) dialog: Something's wrong...
28) 11) text: As Needy sinks to her knees, she stares straight ahead at the REFRIGERATOR. A photo magnet of JENNIFER leers back at her.
28) 13) text: The song ends, snapping Needy out of her reverie.
30) 1) text: Needy is seated at the kitchen table. She accidentally drops the remains of her sandwich on the floor, where the ferret quickly pillages it.
30) 2) dialog: Crap!
30) 3) text: Needy's mom, ANTONIA "TONI" LESNICKI, has quietly entered the kitchen in her pajamas. She's pale and sweaty, as if she's been spooked.
30) 6) dialog: Oh, hi, Mom. I didn't know you were awake.
30) 10) dialog: It's four o' clock, so technically you had a day terror.
30) 12) dialog: What did you dream about?
30) 21) dialog: 
30) 24) dialog: You know, I can take care of myself, Mom.
30) 28) dialog: Hey Mom? Did you get a chance to catch the news after you clocked out this morning?
30) 31) dialog: Nothing. Forget it.
30) 35) dialog: Yes ma'am.
33) 0) text: Needy is sitting at her lamp-lit desk, reading an old E.C. horror comic and eating a banana. The phone rings. Needy picks it up.
33) 1) dialog: Needy speaking.
34) 5) dialog: Good for you.
34) 7) dialog: Yeah.
34) 19) dialog: Lucky you. See, I'm still kind of depressed about, you know, the giant smoldering funeral pyre in the middle of town?
34) 23) dialog: That's really nice.
34) 25) dialog: Jesus didn't invent the calendar.
34) 27) text: Needy's call-waiting beeps.
34) 28) dialog: That's my other line.
34) 31) dialog: It'll just be a second.
34) 33) text: She draws a mini-X in the air. Needy clicks over. It's CHIP. We get a nice trifold pie- chart illustrating the intersecting calls. CHIP is panicked and sweaty in his living room. In the background, Chip's little sister CAMILLE bangs on a piano. Red police lights flash outside the picture window.
34) 41) dialog: I can barely hear you.
34) 49) dialog: Fifteen.
34) 51) text: Needy clicks back over.
34) 52) dialog: I have to go.
34) 54) dialog: I have to meet Chip at McCullum Park.
34) 56) dialog: 
34) 64) text: Needy hangs up the phone abruptly and grabs one of her many cardigan sweaters, heading for the door.
35) 0) text: The park is dark and tree-lined and appears to be a popular clandestine meeting spot for the youth of Devil's Kettle. The abandoned sand volleyball pits are full of couples making out. Needy runs past them skittishly. As she ascends a grassy hill, CHIP is revealed, silhouetted against a backdrop of twirling police lights. Needy squints at the lights, sees CHIP's house in the distance.
35) 1) dialog: Why are the cops at your house?
35) 4) dialog: What?! Like, he was shot by gangbangers?
35) 8) text: His voice cracks. We see a brief, terrifying FLASH of Jonas's mutilated body and pain-stricken face. Needy doesn't want to believe it.
35) 9) dialog: Some animals must've got to him.
35) 12) dialog: Who would do that?
35) 21) dialog: This can't be a coincidence.
35) 23) dialog: A fiery death trap last night, and now a cannibal eats our starting tight-end? Come on!
35) 27) dialog: Seriously Chip. Most small towns only have something gruesome happen like, once every decade maybe. Devil's Kettle gets two nightmares in 24 hours? It's freaktarded. It's not right.
35) 30) dialog: I don't know. I'm extremely intelligent but I obviously don't know everything.
35) 32) dialog: You're shaking.
35) 39) dialog: Want my sweater?
35) 41) dialog: Pink is cool. Rap guys wear pink.
35) 42) text: She's shaking now, too. Chip leans forward and kisses her. She closes her eyes. In the chaste space between CHIP and Needy's bodies, the volleyball-pit couple fuck like rabbits.
35) 59) text: The pile of discarded scratch-off tickets next to Needy's mother's bed grows steadily as the days go by. Another Star Tribune headline. This one reads: "Two weeks later, cannibal killer still at large." A smaller subhead reads "ARTS: Local band Soft Shoulder sign to major."
37) 0) text: Mr. Wroblewski stands solemnly in front of the class, his mechanical hand tensing and releasing nervously. Needy and the rest of the class fidget.
37) 10) dialog: 
37) 13) text: Needy smooths her own hair self-consciously.
37) 14) dialog: Are you PMS-ing or something?
37) 16) dialog: Oh.
37) 28) text: The class is happily abuzz-- except Needy, who looks appalled.
37) 30) dialog: What about the other 97%?
37) 32) dialog: The other 97%. I mean, that's just crass. Right?
37) 35) dialog: Crass. It means scummy. Greedy. Am I the only one who actually does the vocab drills?
37) 36) text: CHASTITY, the girl in the Soft Shoulder T-shirt, turns to face Needy angrily.
37) 38) dialog: No, they're not. I was there, Chastity. They didn't actually help anyone escape the fire. I don't even know how that rumor got started.
37) 40) dialog: Oh, that's crap...
37) 43) dialog: They've milked our pain-- our loss- - to get a stupid record deal! No one would even know who they were if they hadn't been playing here that night. They used us.
38) 1) text: Needy and Jennifer slowly head toward their respective lockers.
38) 2) dialog: I'm already sick of that song.
38) 4) dialog: No offense, but you look kind of drained. Is everything all right?
38) 7) dialog: What's wearing off?
38) 10) text: COLIN GRAY, the punk/goth boy we met earlier, approaches Jennifer nervously as she exits the classroom. Needy drops behind them, eavesdropping.
38) 45) dialog: That was random.
38) 47) dialog: Colin's a really nice guy.
38) 49) text: Chip appears behind Needy and drapes his arm over her shoulder. Needy jumps, startled.
38) 54) text: Needy puts her arm around Chip protectively.
38) 58) dialog: No. He was just asking Jennifer out on a date.
38) 69) dialog: Sure. I'd like that.
38) 72) dialog: Thanks.
38) 74) dialog: I didn't assume that.
38) 76) text: Needy waves as Chip walks away.
40) 0) text: Needy and CHIP are kissing on Chip's water bed. Chip fumbles for one of those "fragrance plug-ins" and PLUGS it into the wall. Needy looks over.
40) 2) dialog: Mmm.
40) 4) dialog: No, this is nice.
42) 0) text: Needy has eased off her top to reveal an endearingly plain white bra, complete with center bow. CHIP, also shirtless, cops a feel. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a fluorescent orange CONDOM. Needy looks at the wrapper.
42) 1) dialog: 
42) 4) dialog: Oh. Cool.
44) 0) text: Chip fumbles below his waist, obviously struggling with the condom. Needy leans forward for a closer look.
44) 1) dialog: Oh. It's got little bumps on it. I can hardly wait.
46) 1) text: CHIP is doggedly pumping away on top of Needy, his eyes closed in concentration. Needy's vacant eyes are suddenly brimming with tears.
46) 2) dialog: 
46) 7) text: Needy starts weeping.
46) 9) text: Tears roll down Needy's cheeks. She begins moaning, then SCREAMING at that top of her lungs.
46) 10) text: She hallucinates liquid seeping through the walls, blood and lymph oozing in at the corners and windows. Then the infamous spiny black bile... Pixelated nightmares emerge from the darkness. Skulls, jesters, demons, death. It's the worst acid trip imaginable. Needy rubs her eyes frantically and continues to scream.
46) 15) text: CHIP immediately rolls off Needy, concerned. He grabs her and tries to shake some sense into her.
46) 17) text: Needy continues to shriek hysterically, her voice growing ragged.
48) 0) text: Needy clutches her throat, hyperventilating. She stands up and struggles to get dressed. Her breath rasps. Chip is freaking out.
48) 3) dialog: 
50) 0) text: Needy races toward the door with Chip in pursuit.
50) 11) dialog: I have to go. I'm sorry. I just... feel like something...something terrible...
50) 13) dialog: I'm so sorry, Chip. I'm so sorry. Everything is just wrong.
51) 0) text: Needy runs toward her mom's CAR, a beat-up Kia parked on the curb. She climbs into the car and starts the ignition, trembling and crying.
51) 2) dialog: Fudge! Fudge! Maple fudge!
51) 3) text: Needy seizes the wheel drives recklessly down a dark, tree-lined street. Then, she sees something bright emerge from the shadows. Her eyes widen... It's JENNIFER, creeping toward the curb like an animal. She's pale in the moonlight. The entire lower half of her face is covered in blood, like a ghoulish beard of gore. She flashes a huge, deranged, toothy SMILE at Needy.
51) 4) text: Needy screams and SWERVES. The car fishtails out of control and slides into a ditch. Needy slams her foot onto the accelerator, trying to get out of the trench. She glances desperately out the side window. Jennifer is gone. Panting, Needy tries to accelerate again.
51) 10) text: Suddenly, Jennifer appears from out of nowhere and SLAMS her body against the windshield, her long limbs splayed like an insect's. The windshield SHATTERS. Jennifer grins at Needy through the cracking glass. Needy screams again, puts the pedal to the floor, and manages to rear up out of the ditch. Jennifer's body tumbles off the car as Needy goes roaring down the street.
52) 0) text: Needy throws the car into park and races up the front walk. She unlocks the door, shaking and fumbling. She bursts into the darkened house.
53) 1) dialog: Mommy! Mommy? Please be home!
53) 2) text: No reply. Needy braces herself against the kitchen counter and bawls. She falls to her knees and curls up on the floor, exhausted.
54) 1) text: Little Needy and Little Jennifer are playing Barbies in a sandbox. Needy holds a brand new, immaculate Barbie doll.
54) 4) text: She tosses Needy a naked brunette doll with its hair chopped off and an arm missing.
54) 19) text: Needy grabs Jennifer's hand, pulls out the tack and wipes away the blood. It's still bleeding. Panicking, she leans forward and instinctively puts her mouth to the wound.
54) 20) text: Jennifer watches quietly. Needy pulls away.
54) 25) text: Needy nods.
54) 29) dialog: I never tell on you.
55) 0) text: Needy WAKES UP in a cold sweat, gasping. She's still on the kitchen floor. She peels herself up off the floor, disoriented.
56) 0) text: Needy trudges into her dark bedroom. She strips off her clothes and stumbles into bed.
56) 2) text: Needy flicks on her bedside lamp, petrified. Jennifer is curled up in bed beside her, reclining casually. She's freshly showered and wearing one of Needy's dorky T- shirts. Needy screams at the top of her lungs and leaps out of bed, pulling the covers with her.
56) 4) dialog: Get out!
56) 6) text: She winks conspiratorially at Needy.
56) 8) dialog: What the fuck is happening?
56) 11) dialog: I saw you! I saw you! The car...the...I...
56) 14) dialog: I'm calling the police.
56) 22) dialog: What do you want?
56) 24) text: Needy nods, terrified.
56) 26) dialog: Yeah, it rings a bell.
59) 0) text: Needy is still cowering on her bedroom floor, captivated by the tale in progress. Jennifer is reclining in the bed with a relaxed, supernatural glow.
59) 1) dialog: What did they do to you?
61) 0) text: Needy's expression is both incredulous and horrified. Jennifer is totally matter-of-fact. She picks at her nails with a wooden cuticle stick from Needy's night stand.
61) 3) dialog: They...killed you.
61) 6) text: She shakes her head, annoyed with Needy.
61) 9) dialog: 
62) 1) text: We see Jennifer staggering down the street, battered, mutilated and bloody. She spits a few TEETH onto the curb, clutching her chest. We see her wander toward Needy's house...
63) 1) dialog: I remember.
65) 2) text: Jennifer jams the CUTICLE STICK into her own forearm and drags it through her flesh. Needy screams and covers her mouth.
65) 4) text: She pulls out the stick. The wound seals over instantly. Needy gasps and touches Jennifer's unmarked arm.
65) 7) dialog: What do you mean, "when you're full"?
65) 9) text: Needy shakes her head, not comprehending.
65) 11) dialog: What about my mom's Kia? Why did you attack me out there? Why were you covered in blood? You didn't even look human.
65) 20) dialog: 
65) 23) dialog: GET OUT!
65) 26) text: Needy crawls further away from her, shivering. Jennifer rolls her eyes and gets out of bed. She walks over to the second-story window and cranks it open.
65) 28) dialog: What are you doing?
65) 30) text: She climbs onto the windowsill. Needy watches, confused.
65) 32) text: She LEAPS gracefully out the window. Needy watches in stunned silence for a few moments. Then she creeps over to the window and looks out. Nothing there but the wind. Jennifer's gone.
66) 7) text: One girl scatters blood-red rose petals dramatically on the path as she stumbles along, weeping. At the bottom of the hill, Colin Gray's very conservative looking family stands next to the fresh grave, surrounded by sympathetic mourners. NEEDY stands near the back, looking shell-shocked. There are also a few press photographers snapping photos, and of course, a Catholic priest.
66) 31) text: She says "Jennifer Check" as if it were the most disgusting name imaginable. Needy covers her face.
66) 64) text: The kids stare at her in awe. Needy watches as Mrs. Gray collapses into Mr. Gray's arms.
67) 6) text: Needy gazes off into the distance with bloodshot eyes. As she stares at Jennifer, she see has a series of brief, gruesome HALLUCINATIONS: Jennifer as a grinning death mask. Jennifer as a corpse, the lower half of her face rotted away. Jennifer as a harlequin monster. Needy hears the rush of her own blood, the barely audible buzzing of flies... Chip jogs up next to her, jolting her out of her reverie.
67) 14) dialog: I gotta show you something.
67) 16) dialog: Not here. Behind the school.
67) 18) dialog: Evidence.
67) 22) dialog: Yes, but I promise you this is the last thing I need to show y--
67) 25) dialog: Please just let me show you.
68) 0) text: Needy and Chip walk to an alley behind the school. Melting snow drips off the eaves. Needy pulls out a large black binder and opens it. It's full of copies from the library and Internet printouts. The spine reads "JENNIFER RESEARCH"
68) 2) dialog: Look at this.
68) 13) dialog: Demonic transference. It's something that happens when you try to sacrifice a virgin to Satan without using an actual virgin!
68) 15) dialog: I think that's what happened to Jennifer. Those guys from that band were trying to sacrifice her in the woods. But what they didn't realize is that she hasn't been a virgin since junior high! Jennifer's a total cum-dumpster! It all makes sense now! Read this...
68) 17) dialog: 
68) 22) dialog: She's eating boys! They make her strong. Really strong. And when she's hungry, she gets weak and cranky and her hair is all full of split ends. And look at this...
68) 24) dialog: It says that before the demon feeds, it vomits a gruesome substance on its prey. Like I saw!
68) 33) dialog: And possibly Ahmet from India.
68) 34) text: Needy is silent for a moment. She realizes CHIP will never believe her and that she'll lose him forever if she continues babbling.
68) 36) dialog: No. No! Of course not!
68) 40) dialog: No...Listen, I'll make an appointment with Mr. Feely. I'm real sorry about this sudden onset of teenage paranoia.
68) 45) dialog: This has been a crummy school year, Chip.
68) 47) text: Needy turns and pitches the black binder into a Dumpster.
68) 49) dialog: Listen, I'm done with all that devil stuff. Do you know what you're wearing to Turnabout?
68) 55) text: He taps his chest. Needy laughs.
68) 59) dialog: I don't know yet.
68) 61) dialog: Oh yeah, your mom's an Avon lady.
68) 64) dialog: Right. Well, I'll try to find something magenta.
70) 0) text: Needy stands in front of a full-length mirror, wearing a big `80s-style magenta prom dress. It sags on her flat chest and looks ridiculous.
70) 5) text: Greedo the ferret circles her ankles. Toni, Needy's mom, appears behind her with a curling iron.
70) 8) dialog: I look pork stupid.
70) 10) text: She gently takes off Needy's glasses.
70) 12) dialog: Who's Cindy Crawford?
70) 14) text: She takes a section of Needy's hair and wraps it around the curling iron. Smoke rises.
70) 16) dialog: Ow! You're too close to my neck.
70) 18) dialog: Gross, Mom. Chip isn't that ostentatious.
70) 22) dialog: What are you doing to my hair?
70) 32) dialog: 
70) 35) text: Needy stares at herself in the mirror. Despite Toni's best efforts, Needy looks like the walking dead.
72) 1) text: Needy is fully dressed and garishly made up. Toni holds a digital camera at arm's length and takes a shot of the two of them together. The mother/daughter photo looks ghastly. Toni's eyes are closed and Needy pouts miserably.
74) 13) text: Needy walks in, looking small and apprehensive in her bad `80s dress. She looks around for Chip, but he's not there yet. A few mean kids point at her dress and snicker. Needy ladles some juice into a paper cup and leans against the wall, waiting anxiously for her Prince Charming.
76) 0) text: Couples are beginning to grind against each other on the dance floor. Needy watches them longingly. She checks her Mickey Mouse watch.
78) 15) text: Needy gags on her juice.
80) 3) text: The heavy stage curtains part to reveal SOFT SHOULDER in all their glory. Success has treated them well-- they're glowing and wearing designer rock n' roll couture. They look like the young Rolling Stones. Needy drops her cup. Juice splatters onto the ground.
80) 6) text: The students rush the stage, shrieking. Nikolai raises his fist and the band launches into a heavy, uptempo version of "Through the Trees." Needy looks as though she's had a revelation. A look of pure horror crosses her face.
80) 7) dialog: Chip!
82) 0) text: Needy is running toward the park in her gown. She takes off her shoes and tosses them aside, her arms and legs pumping furiously.
84) 0) text: Needy jogs toward CHIP's house. Exhausted and sweaty, she presses the doorbell. She falls to her knees on the front stoop, panting and wheezing.
84) 6) dialog: 
84) 8) text: Camille has no reply. She eyes Needy suspiciously and licks a Popsicle. CHIP's mother appears and shoves Camille aside.
84) 10) dialog: Where's Chip?
84) 15) dialog: He walked? Mrs. Dove, you mean to only tell me that in these dangerous, godless times-- you let your only son walk alone at night?
84) 18) dialog: Which way did he go?
84) 22) text: She turns back to address Needy.
84) 25) text: But Needy's gone.
86) 0) text: Needy runs into the park and scans the dark horizon. Her bare feet are bloody from running and her face is shiny with sweat.
86) 1) dialog: 
86) 3) text: A terrified SCREAM in the distance. Needy whips around, hikes up her skirt and starts running toward Murphy Pool.
86) 12) dialog: I'm coming!
87) 0) text: Needy staggers toward the pool, which is surrounded by an extraterrestrial glow. Chip's moaning is almost unbearable. Needy stares into the abyss and claps her hands over her mouth.
87) 1) text: Jennifer is waist deep in the DIRTY WATER, flinging Chip against the wall like a rag doll. He's still conscious, but his skin on his chest has been RIPPED OFF to expose his ribs. Jennifer is CHEWING happily. Chip looks at Needy, his face a mask of agony.
87) 4) dialog: Holy crap!
87) 5) text: Jennifer begins gnawing on Chip's neck, so engaged in the task that she doesn't notice Needy. Needy climbs up on the diving board and crosses herself.
87) 7) dialog: Saint Jude, patron saint of hopeless causes: Please give me the power to crush this bitch.
87) 8) text: Jennifer looks up with demonic, bloodshot eyes just as Needy leaps off the diving board. Needy lands on Jennifer's shoulders, taking her out. She wraps her legs around Jennifer's neck and drags her under the water. Jennifer emerges. Needy grabs her by the hair and girly- slaps her furiously across the face. Then she spots the PEPPER SPRAY lying by the side of the pool. She grabs it and sprays it in Jennifer's eyes. Jennifer shrieks and vomits NASTY, SPINY GORE all over Needy and Chip.
87) 21) dialog: She's just hovering, CHIP. It's not that impressive.
87) 25) text: Needy glares at Jennifer, surprisingly fearless.
87) 26) dialog: You're a jerk.
87) 29) dialog: You know what? You were never a good friend. Ever. Even when we were little. You used to steal my toys and pour lemonade on my bed and make me be Ugly Ashley when we played Barbies!
87) 31) dialog: Why do you need him? Huh?
87) 34) dialog: 
87) 41) dialog: The cutest guy in school. The mailman. A teacher. You could probably even have a huge star like Chad Michael Murray. So why Chip? Why him? Is it just to piss me off? Or is it because you're insecure?
87) 42) text: Jennifer floats in midair toward the pool deck and drifts down, landing on her feet. Needy crawls out of the pool and faces her down.
87) 44) dialog: Yeah, two years ago. When you were socially relevant.
87) 47) dialog: You were skinny then, too!
87) 52) dialog: 
87) 55) text: She HURTLES herself toward Needy, roaring, her eyes white hot, her jaws agape. She's monstrous. Chip suddenly stumbles in front of Needy and holds the HANDLE of the POOL SKIMMER in front of them like a spear. As Jennifer flies forward at demonic speed, she IMPALES HER ENTIRE TORSO on the handle. Needy screams. There's a beat of deafening silence.
87) 63) text: Needy watches, and realizes Jennifer is injured. Blood drips onto the pool deck.
87) 64) dialog: 
87) 69) text: Needy shakes her head mutely.
87) 71) text: She begins to climb the fence, wincing in pain, then glances over her shoulder at Needy and Chip.
87) 72) dialog: Where are you going?
87) 75) dialog: 
87) 85) text: She smirks and jumps over the fence, stumbling off into the distance. Needy watches her, her eyes narrowing with hate. Once Jennifer has disappeared, Needy turns her attention to Chip, who is barely alive. She stares in horror at his torn arm and exposed ribs, then falls to her knees over his body.
87) 86) dialog: Oh, Chip!
87) 88) dialog: I'm gonna call for help.
87) 93) dialog: I think 911 is always a free call.
87) 95) text: Needy dials to no avail. The phone is hopelessly clogged with ooze. She knocks it against the deck.
87) 96) dialog: It's not working. It's full of Jennifer-goo.
87) 100) dialog: No! You're not going anywhere!
87) 109) dialog: I love you.
87) 112) dialog: You're clearly delirious.
87) 114) text: Needy begins to sob hoarsely.
87) 117) dialog: I'm never leaving.
87) 119) dialog: No!
87) 120) text: Chip's eyes close. His face relaxes. He's gone. Needy wails at the top of her lungs. She rests her head against his mutilated chest, oblivious to the blood and bone.
88) 0) text: The dance is in full swing and students are slow-dancing. Girls rest their heads against boys' chests, only under far less macabre circumstances than Needy and CHIP's deathbed tableau. Soft Shoulder are still playing onstage, their guitars chiming melodically.
89) 0) text: Illuminated by lamp light, Needy limps toward the gym entrance. She's completely covered in demon-goo. Her face is bloody, her hair is full of blood and guts, and her BROKEN ARM looks gruesome. In the background, yet another oblivious COUPLE are making out.
89) 1) text: Needy stops to stare at them, her gaze calm but obviously insane. They break apart and stare back at her.
89) 3) dialog: 
89) 6) text: Needy bends over, casually holds one nostril closed, and does a "farmer blow." A bloody clot flies out of her nose. The guy takes a good look at Needy and blinks, startled.
89) 13) dialog: Did you know the original Goths were a Germanic tribe that settled in Rome? They didn't wear black. They wore regular linen tunics. I don't know why nobody else knows that.
89) 14) text: The couple have already resumed making out. Needy rolls her eyes, turns away, and continues limping into the gym.
90) 1) text: Needy enters the gym and slams the door shut behind her. People ignore her as she slowly walks toward the stage. They're too busy slow dancing and laughing in their respective cliques. She looks up at the stage, where Soft Shoulder are playing an insufferably long coda.
90) 2) text: Nikolai noodles through a guitar solo, then looks up and sees Needy looking directly at him, her eyes full of hate. Nikolai gulps nervously and elbows Dirk.
90) 3) text: Needy points to her eyes with two fingers, then points at Nikolai, as if to say, Gotcha. She looks completely possessed.
90) 12) text: Dirk takes one look at Needy's face and takes off his guitar. Nikolai motions for the rest of the band to leave the stage. The music stops abruptly. The kids in the gym murmur and complain, confused.
90) 17) text: Needy tries to follow them. She limps blindly toward the stage and climbs up. Everyone watches, gasping in horror. By now the band is disappearing out the side door of the gym.
90) 18) dialog: (into the mic) You didn't play your hit yet.
90) 19) text: But they're gone. Needy looks out at her classmates. They stare back. She PASSES OUT COLD.
92) 1) dialog: Trouble was, some of us would never wake up.
93) 0) text: Needy is lying in bed, shaking, her arm in a cast. Her mother tries to rouse her.
93) 2) text: Needy pulls the covers over her head.
94) 0) text: Needy is crouched outside Jennifer's window, hiding in the shrubbery. She looks almost feral, with wide eyes and a hungry expression. Through the window, we see Jennifer sitting at a vanity and combing her hair, oblivious to the intruder in her yard.
94) 6) text: Needy creeps away from the window.
95) 1) text: We're seeing a FLASHBACK of the night Needy slaughtered Jennifer. Needy plunging through the window. Jennifer thrashing. The blood. The struggle. The levitation. The arrival of the police.
95) 3) text: We see, for a moment, Jennifer's sly, challenging smile as Needy raises the boxcutter to slash her. That signature look of mastery and control.
95) 11) dialog: She left an insanely hot corpse.
96) 0) text: We're back in solitary confinement, where Needy has been narrating the whole sordid tale. She hasn't moved a muscle since beginning her story. Only a single shaft of moonlight illuminates the room.
96) 1) text: An orderly shoves DINNER through a slot in the door. It's a pile of mystery meat. Needy wrinkes her nose.
96) 4) text: Needy reaches up and distractedly pulls back the neckline of her shirt...
96) 7) text: In the moonlight, we see Needy still has a infected- looking BITEMARK near her shoulder. She scratches it, wincing.
96) 9) text: PULL BACK to reveal that Needy, still cross-legged is HOVERING five feet off the floor. Effortlessly. With visible concentration, she slowly flies up toward a narrow WINDOW positioned up near the ceiling. To anyone with normal abilities, it would be impossible to access.
96) 14) text: Needy reaches the window, gazes at it for a moment, then SMASHES it with surprising strength.
97) 0) text: Needy strolls across the grounds in her bunny slippers. She heads confidently toward the SECURITY FENCE and passes through it after casually mangling the bars. Only a Needy-shaped hole remains.
98) 0) text: Needy is striding purposefully down a dark country road. The hospital recedes in the background. A few RACCOONS gather by the side of the road, watching Needy as she walks past.
98) 1) text: A PICKUP TRUCK whizzes by with its windows rolled down. "Through the Trees" blasts from the radio. Needy begins to sing, a lopsided grin on her face.
98) 3) dialog: 
99) 1) text: Devil's Kettle citizens are gathered around Murphy Pool, crying. It's a CANDLELIGHT MEMORIAL for Chip. Their faces are weary and sorrowful. Photos of Chip have been arranged around the edge of the fence. We see a picture of CHIP AND NEEDY on the end. Someone has brought a CD player, and the mourners sing along, their voices soaring.
100) 0) text: Needy holds her thumb aloft as she walks down the remote country highway.
100) 7) dialog: 
100) 9) text: A small creek emptying into a stream   runs parallel to t road. Needy seems something glinting   at the mouth of th creek and stoops to pick it up. It's   Nikolai's BOWIE KNIFE, the one he threw into Devil's   Kettle, never to b seen again. Needy picks it up and tucks it into her waistband. A STATION WAGON comes rattling up the road. Needy sticks her thumb out again. The wagon pulls over to the side of the road. The driver, a grizzled older man, rolls down the window. He eyes Needy lasciviously.
100) 12) dialog: East, toward Madison.
100) 14) dialog: I don't have any money or drugs, so you'll have to settle for ass.
100) 17) text: Needy gratefully hurries into the driver's seat.
100) 19) dialog: I'm following this rock band.
100) 21) dialog: Tonight's gonna be their last show.
100) 27) text: Needy smiles blithely and pops the clear Lifesaver into her mouth. The station wagon pulls off. As it sputters off into the distance, we see a road sign that reads, ironically, SOFT SHOULDER.