15) 65) text: The lead singer of Soft Shoulder, NIKOLAI WOLF, is already striding forward to meet them at the lip of the stage. His gait is as smooth as his shock of dyed-black hair.
15) 68) dialog: I'm Nikolai Wolf, and this is my band.
15) 79) dialog: I hope we can live up to such...high praise.
15) 81) dialog: Yeah. But I think it's so important to connect with our fans in rural areas. Plus, the audiences in small towns really appreciate us.
15) 86) dialog: 
15) 89) text: Needy moves self-consciously into a nearby corner, not wanting to continue the conversation with Nikolai alone. A LOCAL plugs a Loretta Lynn tune into the jukebox, with a challenging stare at the band. A DRUNK COUPLE begins two-stepping in front of the stage. Nikolai walks up to the guitar player, DIRK, and pulls him aside. Needy pricks up her ears and listens.
15) 95) dialog: Dirk, what about her?
15) 98) dialog: No, the hot one. The one who just walked away. She's it, man. She's exactly what we're looking for.
15) 100) dialog: She's a kid. We're in God's country, man. Everyone out here's a fundie bible-banger. Of course she's a virgin.
15) 102) dialog: Dirk, we didn't haul our asses out to this corn palace for nothing!
15) 104) text: Nikolai is already ignoring him. Needy, alarmed, emerges from her hiding place and discreetly rushes over to the bar where Jennifer is arguing with a jealous-looking Roman. He shakes his head in disgust and leaves the bar. Jennifer walks over holding an ostentatious PATRIOTIC THEMED DRINK. She laughs when she sees Needy's concerned expression.
15) 121) text: Piercing FEEDBACK signals the beginning of the set. Nikolai takes the mic and smiles broadly.
15) 122) dialog: Good evening, Devil's Lake.
15) 124) dialog: Sorry. Anyway, we're Soft Shoulder. And we just want to make you happy.
15) 125) text: He WINKS at Jennifer. The band launch into the same intense, soaring song we heard in the COP CAR and the HOLE. Jennifer's eyes never leave Nikolai's. She's hypnotized, clinging to Needy's arm. Even the locals look charmed. Suddenly, a lick of FLAME appears on the wood paneling next to the stage. Needy is the first to notice. As she watches in horror, the fire is reflected in her glasses.
15) 132) text: The flames quickly climbs up to the ceiling and begin to blaze uncontrollably. People SCREAM and scatter. Someone ineffectually tries to throw a pitcher of beer on the fire. Nikolai turns and sees the fire spreading. He and Chas exchange glances. The BASS PLAYER pitches his guitar aside and jumps off the stage, and the drummer abandons his kit. Nikolai seems perfectly cool and composed as he watches from the stage...is he smiling? CHAOS. Everyone is trying to get out of the bar at once, causing a stampede. A woman's clothes and hair CATCH FIRE and she falls to her knees. We see a BEAM fall from the roof, nearly killing AHMET FROM INDIA. Jennifer stands still in a dreamlike state.
16) 6) text: Suddenly, a HAND clamps onto Jennifer's shoulder. Both girls jump. It's Nikolai, his forehead creased with false concern.
16) 7) dialog: Are you girls all right?
16) 15) dialog: Those guys? They were the first ones out the door. Ran for the van like a bunch of Marys. Frankly, I'm ashamed of them.
16) 18) dialog: God, it feels like hell out here. Come and hang with us in the van for a while, just until they hose this place down.
16) 21) text: She slumps against Nikolai's chest.
16) 23) dialog: You're in shock. Here, drink this. You'll feel better.
16) 27) dialog: We'll be able to afford new gear soon enough. I have a feeling we're gonna blow up.
16) 40) text: She defiantly follows Nikolai toward the WHITE VAN, which is parked a suspiciously safe distance from the bar. Needy staggers after them slowly, watching. Behind Needy, the bar EXPLODES. Screams. Flames. Silence. Needy doesn't even look back as she watches Jennifer get into the van. Ash drifts into her hair like snowflakes.
16) 41) text: Nikolai takes off his shirt as he enters the van, revealing his slick, muscled white torso.
57) 1) text: Jennifer is crouched in the back of the van. None of the band members are speaking. Nikolai Wolf drives down a gravel road, away from the fire site and deep into the woods.
57) 5) dialog: Shut your mouth, object.
57) 18) dialog: You wish.
57) 26) dialog: Told you, Dirk. You owe me a beer.
60) 1) text: The door of the van slides open. Nikolai pulls Jennifer out of the van and hustles her into the clearing. He looks up into the sky.
60) 3) dialog: We got a waxing moon. Perfection.
60) 7) text: Without warning, Nikolai hauls off and KICKS Jennifer. She yelps and falls onto her back on the dirt.
60) 12) dialog: 
60) 18) dialog: Then grow a pair and fetch me the ritual! God.
60) 23) dialog: What? I found it on Google.
60) 34) dialog: We come here tonight to sacrifice the body of...
60) 37) dialog: ...this chick from Devil's Kettle.
60) 42) dialog: That's fascinating.
60) 46) text: Nikolai examines her with an appraising eye.
60) 48) dialog: I only hump nines and tens. You're a seven at best, even with the chicken cutlets.
60) 50) text: Jennifer rears up and SPITS in his artfully rumpled hair. Nikolai smooths his `do, enraged.
60) 52) dialog: I'm gonna carve you like a pumpkin, bitch. Don't you know that me and my boys are in league with the Beast himself?
60) 55) dialog: We've spent months making offerings to the "man downstairs," and whaddya know? Satan delivered! We went from college radio to being courted by the majors in two months.
60) 61) dialog: But that's not enough, Jenny. We want designer drugs. We want groupies that have their own groupies. We want speedballs and stadium tours and Skittles sorted by color. In short, we want more. And to get more, we have to butcher you. And bleed you.
60) 66) dialog: Sorry, darling.
60) 70) dialog: 
60) 74) dialog: With deepest malice, we deliver this virgin unto thee.
60) 79) dialog: It's a bowie knife.
60) 82) text: Snickering, Nikolai begins to sing "Starman" by David Bowie. The group joins in merrily.
60) 84) dialog: "There's a starman waiting in the sky..."
60) 91) text: As the group sings, Nikolai brings the knife down with a grin. We hear Jennifer SCREAMING, sounds of violence and clothes ripping as Nikolai relentlessly beats her and stabs her, his face contorting demonically. The band continues to sing, their voices carrying over the trees.
60) 92) text: Nikolai walks over to where the "devil side" of the falls rushes into a black hole. He drops the murder weapon into the churning water, smiling.
80) 5) dialog: Good evening, babies. Are you ready for some bad vibrations?
80) 6) text: The students rush the stage, shrieking. Nikolai raises his fist and the band launches into a heavy, uptempo version of "Through the Trees." Needy looks as though she's had a revelation. A look of pure horror crosses her face.
88) 5) text: The bass player, Dirk, turns toward Nikolai Wolf.
88) 7) dialog: Shut up. It's good PR.
88) 9) dialog: (to audience) I said, it's so good to be here!
88) 11) text: Nikolai bares his teeth in a frighteningly fake smile.
90) 2) text: Nikolai noodles through a guitar solo, then looks up and sees Needy looking directly at him, her eyes full of hate. Nikolai gulps nervously and elbows Dirk.
90) 3) text: Needy points to her eyes with two fingers, then points at Nikolai, as if to say, Gotcha. She looks completely possessed.
90) 5) dialog: (to Dirk) We gotta get out of here.
90) 7) dialog: I think this girl's flipping out.
90) 11) dialog: Look at her.
90) 12) text: Dirk takes one look at Needy's face and takes off his guitar. Nikolai motions for the rest of the band to leave the stage. The music stops abruptly. The kids in the gym murmur and complain, confused.
100) 9) text: A small creek emptying into a stream   runs parallel to t road. Needy seems something glinting   at the mouth of th creek and stoops to pick it up. It's   Nikolai's BOWIE KNIFE, the one he threw into Devil's   Kettle, never to b seen again. Needy picks it up and tucks it into her waistband. A STATION WAGON comes rattling up the road. Needy sticks her thumb out again. The wagon pulls over to the side of the road. The driver, a grizzled older man, rolls down the window. He eyes Needy lasciviously.