64) 0) text: The land office is in the front of the first floor of the Hollis home, a separate, two-story structure on a side st Now we're looking down the porch as KATE HOLLIS embraces brothers, Emmett and Jake. Her big, bear-like, gentle hus J.T., comes out to add his greetings. After the laying on hands, the attention of all four is drawn to the doorway a figure we cannot yet see. Now he steps shyly into view: eleven-year-old AUGIE. Jake makes a show of shaking Augie's hand, man to man. Emmett  kneels to greet him at eye level; the boy's grown a lot i five years.
68) 0) text: The group is finishing dinner in the kitchen/sitting room the back of the ground floor. Augie is tooting the carved whistle pipe that Emmett has given him. Kate and Emmett b to clear the dishes as Jake and J.T. continue to sit.
68) 8) dialog: Sure!
68) 10) dialog: (aglow) Really?
79) 0) text: Jake unhitches the pinto and begins to lead it away. Sudd Augie appears from nowhere on the back porch, jumps up to the railing, and leaps out toward the pinto's back -- jus as Jake did in the escape from Turley. But Augie misses a lands in the dirt. Jake, irritated, watches the child dus himself off.
79) 2) text: Jake turns and starts away. Augie runs after him.
79) 3) dialog: Where you going?
79) 5) dialog: I'll go with you.
79) 7) text: Jake walks away. Augie watches, then yells --
79) 8) dialog: Who's a grown man?
83) 0) text: Augie is standing circus-style on the saddle of the pinto he rides down the alley. As he approaches the main street his foot slips, and he bumps down hard into the saddle. T horse is barely in his control as he bounces out into the busier thoroughfare, and into the path of -- An imposing  phalanx of four horsemen: Hoyt, Scruffy, SWANN, and their boss, ETHAN MCKENDRICK. The pinto shies as the horsemen p up abruptly.
83) 1) dialog: Sorry 'bout that.
83) 2) text: Swann looks with interest at the pinto, then reaches out grabs the reins from Augie's hand.
83) 3) dialog: Hey!
83) 5) dialog: This is my uncle's horse.
83) 27) text: Augie hops down as Emmett takes the reins. Emmett gives A a look and a small nod, and the boy steps away. Emmett looks once again at the distinctive brand on the  pinto's flank, a circle with two wavy lines beneath it. N he leads the pinto around beside McKendrick's horse so he can see the brand on that animal. McKendrick has to twist his saddle to watch Emmett. The brands are the same. Emme looks up at McKendrick. Things are clear between them.
83) 31) text: Emmett lays the reins of the pinto across the front of  McKendrick's saddle, but they might just as well be a  gauntlet. McKendrick picks them up. He and his men move d the street. Emmett walks over and takes Augie beneath his arm. DOWN THE STREET. Hoyt rides close to McKendrick but looks back over his shoulder.
85) 0) text: Several of the Settlers' wagons are here, guarded by vigi armed men. Their attitude has become more wary, siege-lik Parker climbs onto a wagon. Hannah is about to follow whe Emmett approaches with Augie, who runs off around the hou Several of the Settlers greet Emmett warmly. Emmett looks closely at Hannah's face.
107) 0) text: In the light of Jake's lamp he sees: four masked men have Kate, J.T., and Augie gagged and held at gunpoint. The li boy is in his nightshirt. For one long moment Jake seems be considering a play. McKendrick is the one with the gun Jake's head.
112) 0) text: Scruffy, back at the door now, fires twice into J.T., sla his big body backward against the base of a counter. Kate's scream is muffled by her gag. Augie, eyes wide, da to his father's body, but rather than embrace him, he pri the gun from J.T.'s fingers and raises it toward Scruffy. Kate sees what's happening and leaps at Scruffy. He vicio pistol-whips her. Her unconscious, falling body knocks th gun from Augie's hand. McKendrick is straightening now, his head clearing. His  bandana has fallen from his face. He looks in horror at t wounded Hollises. Augie stares at his revealed face. Scruffy's gun is cocked and pointed at Augie.
140) 0) text: Augie is huddled on a bed in the corner of the dark room, frightened, still wearing the nightshirt he had on when  abducted. Suddenly, sunlight blinds him. The Watching Cowboy from the night before has thrown open the curtains. He looks out over the roof of the veranda,  then turns back. He gives Augie an odd look and moves tow the door, first kicking a Guard Cowboy awake in his chair
149) 0) text: Emmett moves away from the stairwell and cautiously round corner, focused on an open bedroom door up ahead. Suddenl the Guard Cowboy steps boldly into view in that doorway, raised, using Augie as a shield. Emmett cannot fire. He d back around the corner as the Guard Cowboy gets off a sho Seeing his miss, the Guard Cowboy slams closed the bedroo door and locks it. Instantly Emmett is running that way. He flies into the  bedroom next door.
150) 0) text: The Guard Cowboy has backed against the wall, gun raised  toward the door. Augie is still clutched to his chest. The window overlooking the roof of the veranda implodes a Emmett arrives in a shower of glass. The stunned Guard Co spins, opening an angle between himself and Augie. Emmett doesn't need much. He fires before he stops rolling. The  Guard Cowboy falls back against the wall.
152) 0) text: Augie is trembling in Emmett's arms. Emmett soothes him,  then looks into his tear-stained face.
152) 2) dialog: (chokes it out) He's dead.
152) 4) dialog: They hung him!
157) 1) dialog: Jake!?!
157) 2) text: Jake looks up with a grin. Emmett has Augie out on the ro of the veranda. They are pleased in the extreme at the si of Jake. Jake brings his horse beneath them and gestures Augie. Augie swallows hard once, strides twice, and leaps out, d and onto the bare back of the pinto behind Jake. Paden comes riding up with Emmett's horse in tow. Emmett  moves to the edge of the veranda roof and drops into his  saddle. He winces, his ribs throbbing. They turn their ho away from the ranch and head out.
164) 0) text: The four horsemen and the boy pull up near the cemetery a look down at Silverado. Jake lowers Augie to the ground.  Emmett hands him a blanket and speaks down to him.
179) 0) text: The echoes of gunfire reach the little boy waiting at the cemetery. Augie watches and wonders.
185) 7) text: Paden gives him a nod. Kate and Augie roll up in a buggy. the back seat, a blanket across his legs, sits J.T. They  wait for the brothers. Augie drives for his recovering mo Stella comes out and stands by Phoebe. Hannah is now standing next to Paden. Emmett looks at the as though they were a couple.
186) 0) text: Emmett and Jake take turns leaning down from their saddle to kiss Kate and Augie and shake hands with J.T.