20) 13) dialog: Quit your yelling, old man. We're  right here.
20) 14) text: Hobart looks around to find two tough-looking men on hors back behind him -- BAXTER and HAWLEY.
20) 16) text: Baxter gets down from his horse and smiles, friendly for  him. Emmett and Paden watch with interest.
20) 17) dialog: (offers his hand) Calm down, Mr. Hobart. I'm Nord  Baxter. That there is my partner,  Tom Hawley.
20) 20) dialog: (grinning) Yes, sir. We'll just have to get you  people to Silverado that much quicker.
20) 23) dialog: You remember my letter, don't you,  Mr. Hobart? Half now and half when  we get there.
20) 25) text: Hobart, Baxter, and Hawley move to the wagon, where the t other Settlers wait. The younger of the two, CONRAD, eyes the guides suspiciously. Hobart speaks to the third man, huge, bearded fellow called EB. Eb sits upon a strongbox the bed of the wagon, an awesome blunderbuss in his arms.
20) 27) text: Eb stands, unlatches the strongbox, and opens it, reveali an impressive cache of coins and paper money. Hobart extr a pouch of coins and hands it to Baxter, who pockets it.
20) 29) dialog: Not at all, friend. We trust you.  Now let's get this train on its way  to Silverado.
48) 0) text: The four men crawl to the lip of the canyon and get a cle view of the activity below; the box canyon has been turne into a hideout for the Dawson Gang, a band of border raid There are about twenty-five outlaws moving about among th tents, caves, and wagons of the encampment. Their horses penned in a natural alcove in the rock off the main floor the canyon. The strongbox from the wagon train sits on the tailgate o wagon. Next to it is a large keg of whiskey from which th outlaws are drawing generous portions. Baxter and Hawley  have brought the loot proudly back to their cohorts, and celebration is centered around this wagon. On the rim the pursuers exchange looks in reaction to thi new situation.
49) 10) text: Baxter and Hawley peer at Emmett and nod to each other.
49) 11) dialog: I saw 'em there, all right, but I  don't know about any bank job.
53) 0) text: Mal's shots kick up dust inches from Emmett's flying feet Once Emmett throws a glance upwards; Mal's cutting it pre close. Baxter slides in next to Dawson, who is thinking h
53) 1) dialog: (indicating Emmett) Brave man.