61) 0) text: A buckboard with a man and a young girl in it is stopped the fork, its two occupants standing up and waving excite As the wagon train pulls to a halt, Hobart climbs down fr the lead wagon and is embraced by the homesteader from th buckboard, BRADLEY. Bradley points off along the right fork of the road as he speaks to Hobart.
61) 1) dialog: It's right down this road aways.  I'll ride in with you myself. (to the girl in the  buckboard) Carol, go spread the word our people  are here.
61) 2) text: The girl, CAROL, whips the buckboard into motion and  disappears down the road. Bradley is looking down the lin of wagons.
61) 3) dialog: I thought there'd be more of you.  But I thank the Lord for each and  every one. We'll have a solid strip  of bottomland under the plow when  you people stake your claims. (a grim look at Hobart) And we're going to need every hand  to hold it.
61) 11) dialog: When we got here, we thought it was  Eden. And it's pretty close -- right  down to the serpents.
82) 26) dialog: Don't fall off of there, you fools!
82) 53) text: UP ON THE ROOF of the farmhouse, Carol is yelling and  gesturing to her oblivious father below, while her Friend stares frozen into the night. Jake is wiping his brow as he stands at the edge of the  dancers. He looks up at Carol quizzically. Only now do we hear it, over the din of the music: the TH of hooves. Out of the night, streaming around the farm  buildings, comes a horde of masked Cowboys, McKendrick's  men. They send up a horrible yell and begin firing their  weapons in the air. Their arrival is so sudden that the celebrants are frozen their places, mothers hugging children to them, men far f their weapons. There are SCREAMS. Emmett grabs a panicked child from the path of the horses and moves back, passing her to Hannah. He's trying to gau his response in the midst of all these innocents. Two Cowboys have roped opposite ends of a section of fenc and now pull the deadly drag, already thick with ravaged  corn, through the barnyard, knocking over everything in i path. Jake slides through the chaos toward his gunbelt, hung on peg on the barn wall. A Cowboy pulls the gate from the pigsty, and the pigs squ out. Another Cowboy begins shooting them with a Henry rif On the roof, Carol looks in horror at the death of her pr sow. Emmett is herding as many Settlers as he can toward the c of the barn. Bradley edges toward the door of his farmhouse. Hobart is urging some women between two wagons. A Cowboy  rides by and kicks him viciously. Hoyt pulls up, looks around, then gestures to some of his men. Two Cowboys with prepared torches in their hands rid up to the bonfire and swing low, lighting their firebrand One moves ahead toward the farmhouse, reins his horse, an heaves the torch high in the air toward the roof on which the two children perch. In the air, the tumbling flame suddenly explodes at the R of a shotgun. Sparks shower harmlessly to the ground. Bradley has shot it out of the air with one barrel of his shotgun. The blast has created a momentary, shocked lull the attack. Bradley looks wild. Emmett watches, fearful. His hand is on his gun. Hoyt looks at Bradley. Bradley swings the shotgun around  toward the other torch-bearer. The Cowboy who tossed the first torch shoots Bradley dead Carol screams. Emmett looks across the yard at Jake, who steps out from cowering homesteaders, a gun in each hand. Emmett draws a kills the man who shot Bradley. Now all the Settlers hit dirt. Jake fires from both hands repeatedly. One Cowboy dies an another takes it in the arm. The man who was shooting the pigs swings his rifle around toward Jake, and Emmett kill him with one shot. Hoyt reacts big to the presence of deadly wolves in the m of these sheep. He peers through the tumult, trying to se their faces. His Cowboys are shooting wildly into the cro now, but he rides through them, signalling a retreat. Emmett jumps from the top of a fence to the roof of the h the Henry rifle in his hand. He scrambles to the peak of roof, where the two children still cower. Bracing the rif on the chimney, he takes careful aim. Once... twice... he fires. One Cowboy dead, one wounded and fleeing. Hannah runs up to the riderless horse of a fallen Cowboy pulls a rifle from its scabbard. She cocks it and fires o at the retreating Cowboys. Jake mounts a horse Pony Expre style and rides out of the barnyard.