20) 25) text: Hobart, Baxter, and Hawley move to the wagon, where the t other Settlers wait. The younger of the two, CONRAD, eyes the guides suspiciously. Hobart speaks to the third man, huge, bearded fellow called EB. Eb sits upon a strongbox the bed of the wagon, an awesome blunderbuss in his arms.
20) 28) dialog: Don't you want to count it?
22) 0) text: WHAT PADEN SEES. The wagon train is moving by. Paden's  attention is drawn to the seat of one of the wagons. Hann the lovely settler woman, is there; sitting beside her in husbandly manner is Conrad. Paden is interested enough in the pretty girl that he barely registers a new arrival at the saloon's hitching post. The newcomer takes his saddle bags and a Henry .44 rifle from his horse and comes up in the saloon.
46) 13) text: Paden looks around. His gaze falls on Hannah, somber now, but still lovely. Conrad, her husband, stands beside her. Mal has been watching a little girl cling to the leg of o of the Settler men who is going out on the chase. Now the black man quietly mounts his horse, and speaks to an olde solid-looking man, MR. PARKER, standing by his wife.
46) 24) text: Emmett moves toward his horse, as Conrad, rifle in hand,  steps forward belligerently.
46) 25) dialog: Wait a minute! If you do get the  money, how do we know you'll come  back?
46) 28) dialog: (to Hobart) You trusted Baxter. I'm not letting  these men out of my sight.
46) 29) text: As Conrad moves toward his horse, Paden looks at Hannah, standing all alone. Paden thinks he acted too quickly.
46) 32) dialog: That's none of your business, mister.  Let's get going.
46) 34) text: Emmett smiles and snaps his reins, moving out with Mal.  Reluctantly, Paden follows, twisting around for a last gl of Hannah. WHAT HE SEES. Hannah moves toward Conrad's horse, as if t touch her husband. But Conrad, his face set in suspicion, barely nods farewell as he sweeps by her. She looks after him desolately. Mal, Paden, Emmett, and Conrad ride off to the north, as  Jake begins yelling orders to the Settlers to get things  moving. What he lacks in expertise, he makes up for in  enthusiasm.
50) 0) text: Conrad and Mal fire into the canyon, then move to new  positions.
54) 0) text: Mal and Conrad, mounted; are waiting as Emmett and Paden  ride out of the mouth of the canyon. Beyond them, the out horses scatter toward the horizon. Paden jumps off his ho and picks up the strongbox. IN THE ROCKS ABOVE THEM the Sentinel from the outlaw camp positions himself to fire at the men below.
54) 2) text: Paden is tying the strongbox to his saddlehorn when there the loud CLICK of Conrad's rifle being cocked. He nervous points it at the others.
54) 3) dialog: I knew it. Put that box on my horse.
54) 5) text: A SHOT rings out. Conrad takes it in the chest and flies his horse. Now an amazing sight -- Emmett, Paden, and Mal all turn and fire at once. The Sentinel is really dead.
55) 0) text: Below in the distance the wagon train moves across the de dwarfed by giant rock walls. Now, coming right PAST CAMER at a gallop ride Emmett, Paden, Mal, and Conrad's horse w his body slung over it.