48) 0) text: The four men crawl to the lip of the canyon and get a cle view of the activity below; the box canyon has been turne into a hideout for the Dawson Gang, a band of border raid There are about twenty-five outlaws moving about among th tents, caves, and wagons of the encampment. Their horses penned in a natural alcove in the rock off the main floor the canyon. The strongbox from the wagon train sits on the tailgate o wagon. Next to it is a large keg of whiskey from which th outlaws are drawing generous portions. Baxter and Hawley  have brought the loot proudly back to their cohorts, and celebration is centered around this wagon. On the rim the pursuers exchange looks in reaction to thi new situation.
49) 0) text: One of the outlaws spills some whiskey onto the money in strongbox. DAWSON, the leader of the gang, angrily slams strongbox closed and kicks the offending outlaw. Suddenly there are cries of warning from the Sentinel at the entra to the box canyon. HOOFBEATS echo into the canyon from th direction. The outlaws react en masse with a frightening  display of armed readiness. WHERE THE TRAIL ENTERS THE CANYON. From the shadows emerg two galloping horses: on the first is Emmett, who holds t reins of the second, across whose saddle is draped the  seemingly lifeless body of Paden. The Sentinel watches th pass under the point of his carbine. AT THE WAGON. Emmett dismounts quickly and ties both hors to a wheel. Dawson decides not to shoot this guy yet. He  watches as Emmett runs back across the canyon to the cove of some crates and crouches down behind them, looking up the rim above the entrance. The outlaws, guns pointed, st around him.
49) 2) dialog: (approaching Emmett) In a minute!
49) 3) text: Emmett, still cowering, looks over his shoulder at Dawson He speaks now, and throughout, very fast.
49) 5) dialog: Posse? What the hell you talking  about?
49) 8) dialog: You brought a posse to my best hideout  and you want to know if I mind.  Mister, I don't know any of those  names and you're about to die.
49) 12) dialog: If you took the bank in Turley,  where's the money?
49) 15) dialog: (just as he suspected) No money, eh?
49) 17) text: The outlaws, all of whom are standing in the open, think  he's crazy. Dawson motions Hawley toward Emmett's horse.  Hawley is almost there when gunfire erupts from the rocks above and Hawley goes down dead. Now all the outlaws hit dirt, some firing wildly. Paden unobtrusively frees his r Dawson comes down beside Emmett.
51) 2) dialog: What do you mean, the horses?
53) 0) text: Mal's shots kick up dust inches from Emmett's flying feet Once Emmett throws a glance upwards; Mal's cutting it pre close. Baxter slides in next to Dawson, who is thinking h
53) 2) dialog: I think there's only a couple of  guys up there and this asshole's one  of them.
53) 3) text: AT THE WAGON. An outlaw is cowering beneath the wagon, bu doesn't notice as Paden reaches out and secures the latch the money box. AT THE HORSE PEN. Emmett throws open the make-shift gate runs in among the horses, yelling and waving his arms. Th horses begin to run out of the pen. AT THE CRATES. Dawson jumps up and orders his men forward line of outlaws rushes toward the pen, all the while firi up at the rim. Paden appears at a gallop from behind, pul Emmett's horse beside him. A rope stretches from his  saddlehorn to the strongbox bouncing along in the dirt. Paden comes through the line of outlaws firing and heads the pen. A few of the outlaws make the mistake of closing the gap and aiming at Paden's back. The bouncing strongbo knocks them head over heels. Emmett leaps from a rock onto his passing horse, firing b him. He and Paden go down the trail in the midst of the  outlaws' horses. The strongbox careens after them.