1) 0) text: Darkness. Quiet. The CAMERA MOVES through the gloom of th small, dirty, wooden hut, past a broken table, over a wel worn saddle lying on the floor. Now, a pair of boots stan empty by the rotting remains of a rough-hewn bunk, up to holstered gun hung on the corner of the bed. The still sh of a man, a bedroll his only protection from the splinter planks. This is EMMETT, fast asleep. The door of the shack bursts inward as a Gunman crashes i For a moment he is silhouetted against the blinding morni light, his two six-guns blasting even before the door has bounced shut behind him, returning the hut to darkness. Emmett's holster, the gun gone. The gun is here in Emmett's hand, erupting now with three quick explosions. The intruder flies against the far wall the hut and lands on the floor dead. From outside, two bu pierce the plank wall behind Emmett, light streaming thro in .45 calibre shafts. Emmett is out of the bunk and on the floor. He fires once over the bunk. In the moment of quiet that follows, we he running FOOTSTEPS outside the hut. Emmett follows their  progress with the point of his gun, but holds his fire.  Suddenly a shotgun blasts a large hole in the roof of the shack, and the table disintegrates in a new column of lig Emmett glances upward, but quickly returns his attention the side walls, trying to follow that gunman. Now more fi comes from there and more footsteps. Another shotgun blas showers Emmett with debris, but he ignores it, concentrat on the walls. WHAT HE SEES. The Man Outside moves quickly past a crack the wall, momentarily revealing his spot by blocking the  light. Emmett fires once ahead of him, stopping his progr and forcing him back to the crack. Emmett fires his last  shot there, and the man outside goes down hard. The shotgun rips another jagged hole in the ceiling and b a crater in the dirt by Emmett's foot. The shape of a man flashes across the new hole. Emmett looks across the room the top bunk, where the barrel of his Winchester protrude few inches from the bare planks. Emmett throws his empty gun noisily into the far corner of the hut. Instantly the man on the roof blasts away in that direction. Emmett dives for the bunk. With the tips of his fingers, pulls hard on the muzzle. The Winchester flips full circl into the air as the bunk behind it is shredded from above With an odd kind of inevitability, as though seeking its  rightful place, the Winchester arcs into a shaft of light where it is met by Emmett's steady, waiting hands. Before has even settled, he has cocked and fired twice through a hole in the roof. Emmett stops and lowers the carbine. Th Man on the Roof falls spread-eagled through the weakened  ceiling. Debris and sunlight shower his lifeless form. Emmett listens, moves silently to the door, and opens it  carefully. WE FOLLOW him outside, out into the bright  sunlight, into the awesome promise of the American West.
2) 0) text: Emmett moves warily around the isolated shack. There are more attackers. He looks off into the distance. Two rider horses, galloping away, are the only moving things in the empty landscape. A third saddled horse, a pinto, stands  nervously near Emmett's horse, which is tied to a stake. Emmett walks to the body of the Man Outside and looks dow at him. He doesn't know him. He moves to the pinto and ca it. He examines the distinctive brand on its flank, a cir with two wavy lines beneath it. Emmett is clearly mystifi He rests his arms on the saddle and stares after the  retreating horses. THE MAIN TITLE BEGINS.
3) 0) text: Emmett travels, the saddled pinto in tow. He moves from h mountain terrain down-country, through meadow and canyon. makes night camp near a rushing stream. The land flattens he approaches the desert. The sun beats at him as he dism at the edge of a white-hot plain. He takes a short pull f his canteen and squints off across the flat, empty space. All he can see ahead is blinding sand and blue sky. THE MAIN TITLE ENDS.
4) 0) text: Emmett is now surrounded by the white blankness, moving s under the broiling sun. He stops his walking horses and squints out into the dist seeing something. We see it too, but just barely: a dista horizontal smudge on the glaring sand. Emmett reaches the smudge. It is a man, barefoot and dres only in longjohns, his head propped on a rock, eyes close The man's skin is burned red and beginning to blister, hi lips parched. Yet there is a curious ease to his repose. he has lain down here to die, he has done it in peace. Th is PADEN. Emmett lifts Paden's head and puts the canteen to his lip Paden's eyes struggle to open in the glare. He takes a fe sips of the water. His lips crack with a slight smile at taste. He looks up at Emmett, takes another sip, and trie to speak. Emmett must lean down to hear his raspy whisper he tries again.
5) 0) text: The terrain here is more hospitable. Paden, wrapped snugl in a blanket, lies with his head against the saddle from pinto. Emmett is preparing his bedroll across the fire.
5) 1) dialog: Two of the horses ran off, but that  pinto you're riding hung around.
5) 3) text: Emmett shakes his head "no".
5) 5) dialog: Not for five years.
5) 8) dialog: No, Leavenworth.
5) 10) dialog: I had to get up anyway.
5) 12) dialog: Looks like that's not all they  admired.
5) 14) text: Emmett comes over and fills Paden's coffee cup.
5) 15) dialog: Looks like those boys are headed  south, so they weren't the same ones  that jumped me. Which way you going?
5) 17) dialog: I gotta stop by Turley and meet a  guy.
5) 19) dialog: South of here, past Chimayo.
5) 21) dialog: Yeah, maybe a bath.
5) 22) text: Emmett settles down at his saddle and pulls a blanket ove himself. Paden glances at the rifle in its scabbard on th pinto's saddle by his head.
5) 24) text: Emmett nods and closes his eyes. Paden smiles at the impl trust and settles down himself.
6) 0) text: Emmett and Paden, who is still clad only in longjohns, ri toward the low, adobe settlement of Chimayo.
7) 0) text: Emmett and Paden enter the town past a cluster of teepees Three Cavalry troopers ride past them.
8) 0) text: The little settlement is the center of civilization for m around. The U. S. Cavalry maintains an outpost here, and  there are many soldiers on the street. Emmett and Paden p up to the general store. Paden dismounts and hands his re to Emmett. Passersby look with curiosity at the undressed Paden.
8) 1) dialog: I'll get these horses tended.
8) 2) text: Paden nods and looks doubtfully at the store. He scratche himself. Emmett produces some money and flips Paden a coi Paden nods.
8) 4) text: Emmett rides up the street, leading the pinto. Paden star toward the store and nearly collides with a shocked woman who covers the eyes of the little girl with her and cross the street. Paden gives an apologetic tip to his non-exis hat as he watches them go. Before he can turn back to the store, his eye is caught by something up the street. He r big. WHAT HE SEES. His horse, a good-looking bay. And, dawdlin his way out of a saloon, a disreputable-looking Cowboy. Paden's hand slaps his side, where his gun should be. He  grimaces and looks around desperately, then hurries into store.
16) 0) text: Emmett and Paden come out of a restaurant. Paden is now b and fully dressed for the first time and he looks quite  different, better. The old gun he purchased is stuck in h belt. Three horses -- Emmett's, the pinto, Paden's bay -- are tied to the post in the street. Paden is fussing with his new, cheap hat. Emmett takes a  close look at Paden's bay.
16) 1) dialog: I see what you like, she's mighty  pretty.
16) 3) text: Emmett gives him an amused look; this sounds kind of fami Emmett unties his two horses.
16) 4) dialog: I gotta be going.
16) 6) dialog: (nods) Gotta meet a guy and head out for  Silverado.
16) 7) text: Paden takes the excess reins of the bay and begins idly  slapping them around the post, distracted. Emmett swings to his horse.
16) 9) dialog: (he doesn't make  distinctions) It's a town...
16) 11) dialog: I expect.
16) 13) dialog: I expect.
16) 14) text: Paden takes a long time looking around the village's main street. It doesn't look promising. Emmett regards him wit growing bemusement. Finally --
16) 15) dialog: Maybe you want to ride along with me  as far as Turley.
16) 16) text: Paden lights up slightly at the suggestion. He looks up a Emmett. This is how Paden makes his decisions these days. seems to be digesting it slowly.
16) 18) text: Emmett nods and turns his horses into the street. Paden m up and follows him.
18) 0) text: Near the corrals at the end of the main street of the sma town of Turley, a small WAGON TRAIN is loosely formed up, waiting. The settlers from the wagon train mill about. Se regard Emmett and Paden with unusual interest as they rid by on their way into town. One of the Settlers is a lovely young woman. She glances the two men, then returns her attention to her wagon. Bot Emmett and Paden notice her. She is HANNAH.
19) 0) text: A tall gallows is being constructed in the middle of an  intersection. Emmett and Paden look it over as they ride  past. Two workmen pause in their labors and look them ove
20) 0) text: This is the busy part of town. Amidst the street traffic pedestrians sits a wagon with three Settler men, who watc Emmett and Paden's arrival with enormous interest. As the two travelers hitch their horses in front of the saloon, oldest man, HOBART, approaches them with some agitation.
20) 2) text: Emmett and Paden exchange looks.
20) 4) dialog: I'm afraid it is a bad start, friend,  'cause my name isn't Baxter, and he  ain't Hawley.
20) 6) dialog: My name is Emmett.
20) 16) text: Baxter gets down from his horse and smiles, friendly for  him. Emmett and Paden watch with interest.
20) 21) text: Emmett and Paden have continued to watch. Now Hawley look over at them suspiciously.
20) 30) text: Emmett and Paden watch the other five men head in the  direction of the wagon train. Paden looks over at Emmett.
21) 0) text: At the back of the big room is a registration desk for th hotel and stairs to the rooms. Emmett and Paden are eatin near a table of three Tough Men. Emmett is questioning a  WAITRESS, and his questions are making her nervous.
21) 1) dialog: ...He's about my size, energetic  young fella, wears two guns in a  fancy rig. He'd be a stranger here.
23) 8) text: The Proprietor shoots the Waitress a withering look; she  shrugs helplessly and hurries away. At the tables two of three Tough Men quietly rise and separate, moving toward two ends of the bar. Emmett and Paden watch.
23) 14) dialog: (watching carefully) Which way do you mean?
23) 15) text: The Second Man lurches up to the bar and pins Mal's arms  behind him. The First Man moves quickly, cocking back his arm for a punch square in Mal's face. As the blow is  unleashed, Mal bends forward with terrific speed and forc pulling the Second Man onto his back. The Second Man's fa is suddenly where Mal's was an instant ago, and the First Man's punch lands hard on it. Mal slams the Second Man's  back against the edge of the bar; he falls to the floor. blocks a blow from the First Man and steps in with a flur of body blows. Back at the Tough Men's table, the Third Man pushes back chair as if to rise. Emmett has just picked up a chicken  leg; now he waves it ever so slightly at the Third Man: " out of it". The Man looks at Emmett and Paden, then settl back into his seat. Mal sends the First Man crashing down through a table wit final blow. He turns in time to see the Second Man, back his feet, grab Mal's whiskey bottle and break it against bar. Mal looks for a frustrated moment at the splashing  whiskey -- what a waste. The Second Man lunges with the s glass. Mal lifts the heavy statuette easily with one hand and uses its upraised arms to catch the Man's wrist and t the bottle painfully from his grasp. Mal's other hand hit the Man once in the throat, and he is down. The Proprietor rises from behind the bar, a sawed-off sho in his hand. Mal spins, swinging the statuette brutally  against the Proprietor's arm. The shotgun clatters to the floor as the Proprietor recoils in pain, crashing into a  shelf of glasses. The fight is over. Suddenly, standing in the doorway holding a leveled gun i an enormously tall figure -- SHERIFF LANGSTON. Dressed ra elegantly in suit and bowler, he dwarfs the man at his si DEPUTY KERN. He surveys the scene as the three injured me stir back to life. When he speaks, it is, surprisingly, w a British accent --
23) 21) dialog: 'Fraid not, Sheriff. These other  fellas started the ruckus.
23) 22) text: Langston's attention focuses on Emmett and Paden.
23) 30) text: Mal glares at Langston and, finally, moves. He takes his  rifle from the bar, then walks over, picks up his saddleb and slings them over his shoulder. He is almost to the do when he stops, turns, and walks slowly back to the bar. T shot glass full of whiskey has miraculously survived the  fracas. Mal brings it to his lips and swallows with  satisfaction. He turns and goes out the front door. Langs motions to Deputy Kern to follow and witness Mal's depart Langston turns and looks at Emmett and Paden as he slowly uncocks his revolver and holsters it.
23) 33) text: Langston moves to Emmett and Paden's table and pulls up a chair. He lifts the last biscuit from a basket. He takes fastidious bite.
23) 39) dialog: ("no") I'm just meeting a guy here and moving  on. So far I haven't been able to  find him.
23) 41) dialog: All right. I'm looking for a young  fella, full of juice. About my size,  wears a fancy two-gun rig.
24) 0) text: A lean, young man is bouncing around his cell, playing ha sack, keeping a small, leather, bean bag from falling to floor by kicking it with his bare feet. This is JAKE. Langston opens the door to the cellblock and speaks over shoulder to Emmett and Paden, who have removed their guns
24) 2) text: At the sight of Emmett, Jake's face lights up. And then h does an extraordinary thing: with one long stride he is a the cell and into the air; he hits the bars halfway up an clings like a monkey. Paden reacts as if he is one.
24) 4) dialog: (touching him) Howdy, Jake. What's going on here?
24) 8) dialog: (skeptical) That's why they got you in jail?
24) 10) text: Jake looks at Emmett as though that should make it perfec clear. Emmett waits.
24) 12) dialog: ...And you had to kill him?
24) 14) dialog: You're in here for winging a guy?
24) 17) dialog: What friend is that?
24) 21) dialog: Jake, I'm going to ask you once --  was it self-defense?
24) 27) text: Emmett steps back and leans against the opposite wall, lo down at his boots.
24) 29) text: Emmett looks up at the young man. He looks sad.
24) 30) dialog: Jake, you know the law. You know  what they did to me.
24) 32) dialog: Blind Pete always said you'd hang.
24) 33) text: Jake's eyes flick over Emmett, but his expression doesn't change.
24) 34) dialog: I guess tomorrow at dawn he'll be  proved right.
24) 36) dialog: Right... I thought they always did  it at dawn. (to Jake) So long, kid. I'm sorry.
24) 37) text: Emmett walks out. Jake watches as the other two follow.
25) 0) text: Emmett and Paden walk along the sparsely populated sidewa They are quiet for a few moments. Finally --
25) 2) dialog: (morosely) He is that.
25) 4) dialog: Bad luck for me. Now I gotta bust  him out of there.
25) 5) text: Paden stops. Emmett has moved a couple more steps before notices and turns back to Paden.
25) 7) dialog: I understand.
25) 9) dialog: It never is. But he's my brother. (Paden reacts) We're going to California together.  But first we're going to stop in  Silverado and see our sister. And I  can't show up there with a story  like this.
25) 12) dialog: No hard feelings.
25) 14) dialog: You haven't got any money.
26) 0) text: This is the busiest place in town, really packed. Emmett  heads for a spot at the bar, but Paden, who is taking in scene with relish, stops in his tracks, staring across th room. WHAT HE SEES. Through the moving jumble of bodies and the heavy smoke, Paden's hat with its silver band, floating a an unseen head at a poker table. Paden adjusts the old gun stuck in his belt and goes in t direction. At the table a heavy game is in progress. An UGLY COWBOY wearing Paden's hat. Paden plants himself across the tabl from the man. In seconds, Paden's posture brings things t halt. Quiet ripples out across the room. The Ugly Cowboy  looks up and recognizes Paden.
26) 3) text: He shifts a little in his chair. His right hand slides of the table. Bystanders back away. Emmett watches from the  bar.
26) 5) text: The Ugly Cowboy hesitates, his eyes darting. He pushes hi chair back slowly and begins to rise as if in compliance. But now a bone-handled Colt is in his hand, clearing his  holster. Paden is quicker. He snatches his gun from his b and fires. Paden's eyes, squinting through a cloud of gunsmoke, as w hear the Ugly Cowboy's body CRASH to the floor in his cha Paden's glance now darts down at an angle. WHAT HE SEES. His hat lands on the saloon floor, spins on on its brim, and settles into stillness like a tossed coi Silence in the saloon. Then, in a far corner, the BANGING chairs and a door SLAMMING. Paden's gun points that way, there is no one there. Only an overturned chair, and an e pair of boots -- Paden's. Paden picks up his hat and walks toward his boots. Emmett moves to the dead man, unbuckles the gunbelt, and pulls i free of the body. He picks up the bone-handled Colt and p it in the holster, then stops abruptly. We hear the stead advance of FOOTSTEPS across the saloon floor. Emmett's ey follow the off-screen presence. Paden, seated, is pulling on his newly-regained boots wit delighted air when a shadow surges up and engulfs him. He looks up. Sheriff Langston towers over him.
28) 0) text: Deputy Block eyes Emmett, who loiters by the door as Lang settles himself.
28) 2) dialog: I haven't done anything.
28) 4) dialog: I'll be long gone.
30) 0) text: Emmett sits up on the new gallows in the deserted  intersection, his legs dangling through the dropped trap  door. Now he begins idly collecting wood shavings into a  little pile.
37) 7) text: A bullet WHIZZES between the two men as we hear shots fro the far end of the street. Langston is coming toward them firing. They move back to the cover of the jail porch. ALLEY ACROSS THE STREET. Emmett roars into view, riding h horse and leading two others: Paden's bay and the pinto. A window above the jail breaks open and Kern starts firin at Emmett. DOWN THE STREET. Langston, behind a wagon, uses a British two-handed grip to fire off a few rounds. Emmett brings the horses over, and Paden swings quickly u Jake focuses his attention, unleashing a fusillade as Emm leads the pinto along the front of the jail.
37) 8) dialog: Jake, come on!
40) 0) text: The three men come thundering along a dusty trail to the  place where it splits. The high road disappears up the si of a ridge; the low road is really the bed of an arroyo. three men exchange looks. Paden plunges into the arroyo.  Emmett shrugs to Jake, and the brothers follow Paden. INTERCUTTING. The Posse splashes across the stream. The t fugitives twist their way through the crooked arroyo. AT THE SPLIT IN THE TRAIL. Langston pulls his group to a  halt. He looks at the tracks leading into the arroyo, and smile splits his face. He leads the Posse up the high roa fast.
41) 0) text: IN THE ARROYO. Paden and Emmett pull up, looking back at  Jake, who has stopped at the last bend in the gully, watc their rear. Now he rides up to the others.
41) 2) dialog: There's nobody coming?
41) 3) text: Jake shakes his head "no". Paden and Emmett exchange long looks. Paden looks to the ground above them, even more  worried.
42) 5) text: WHAT HE SEES. Paden, Emmett, and Jake are now halfway to cover of the distant rocks. Another shot CRACKS, and a pu of smoke appears from ahead of them in the boulders.
42) 9) text: As Paden, Emmett, and Jake disappear among the boulders,  Langston rises high in his stirrups to catch a final glim His bowler is blown off his head. He lowers himself back his saddle.
43) 0) text: Emmett and Paden rein in their frothing horses in the nat bowl of rocks near a tied horse and the remains of a camp Jake has stopped short of them and taken his horse back t peer out toward the Posse. Grinning, he comes back to the others. The three riders bring their horses around and fo on a spot above them. On the top of the highest boulder, Mal leaves a comfortab prone shooting position and eases himself down to a lower rock. A bandolier of .44 bullets dangles from one hand. H rests his Henry rifle at an angle across one shoulder.
43) 5) dialog: ...just like us.
46) 3) dialog: Hobart, what are you people doing  here?
46) 5) dialog: Well, they're wrong. This territory  is full of bad characters.
46) 10) dialog: Forget the money. You've got to get  these people out of here. This is no  place to be sitting with women and  kids.
46) 16) text: Emmett and Paden watch Mal with interest. Jake is excited this development. He jumps up on his horse.
46) 20) text: He steals a look at Hannah as he mounts up. Emmett has wa all this with growing resignation. Now he speaks crisply, all business.
46) 21) dialog: Jake, you know the way out of here.  I want you to get this train moving  toward Silverado, and fast. I'll go  with these guys.
46) 22) text: Jake is disappointed, but nods agreement. Emmett turns to Hobart and the Settler posse.
46) 23) dialog: You men stay with your wagons and  your families. Get rolling and keep  your eyes peeled.
46) 24) text: Emmett moves toward his horse, as Conrad, rifle in hand,  steps forward belligerently.
46) 26) dialog: (flashes him a look) If we don't, you can keep my brother.
46) 30) dialog: (indicating Hannah) If I'd brought a pretty lady like  that into a place like this, I'd  stay close.
46) 31) text: Paden reacts to Emmett's interest in Hannah.
46) 34) text: Emmett smiles and snaps his reins, moving out with Mal.  Reluctantly, Paden follows, twisting around for a last gl of Hannah. WHAT HE SEES. Hannah moves toward Conrad's horse, as if t touch her husband. But Conrad, his face set in suspicion, barely nods farewell as he sweeps by her. She looks after him desolately. Mal, Paden, Emmett, and Conrad ride off to the north, as  Jake begins yelling orders to the Settlers to get things  moving. What he lacks in expertise, he makes up for in  enthusiasm.
47) 0) text: The four men track the killers across the rugged terrain. Sometimes, Emmett gets down from his horse to examine the tracks. On a flat, rocky expanse, the chase party is temporarily  stalled. Emmett and Paden confer, balked. Mal, peering ah spots something and points it out to the two expert track a steaming horse patty. They head off in that direction.
48) 2) dialog: Anybody got any ideas?
49) 0) text: One of the outlaws spills some whiskey onto the money in strongbox. DAWSON, the leader of the gang, angrily slams strongbox closed and kicks the offending outlaw. Suddenly there are cries of warning from the Sentinel at the entra to the box canyon. HOOFBEATS echo into the canyon from th direction. The outlaws react en masse with a frightening  display of armed readiness. WHERE THE TRAIL ENTERS THE CANYON. From the shadows emerg two galloping horses: on the first is Emmett, who holds t reins of the second, across whose saddle is draped the  seemingly lifeless body of Paden. The Sentinel watches th pass under the point of his carbine. AT THE WAGON. Emmett dismounts quickly and ties both hors to a wheel. Dawson decides not to shoot this guy yet. He  watches as Emmett runs back across the canyon to the cove of some crates and crouches down behind them, looking up the rim above the entrance. The outlaws, guns pointed, st around him.
49) 3) text: Emmett, still cowering, looks over his shoulder at Dawson He speaks now, and throughout, very fast.
49) 4) dialog: I wouldn't do that. You're going to  need every gun when that posse gets  here.
49) 6) dialog: My partner and me robbed the bank in  Turley and headed out with a posse  on our tails. My partner there caught  one a ways back, and I think he kicked  off while I was looking for this  damn canyon. You're Dawson, ain't  you? I'm Tex LaRue. (offers his hand for  only a second) Used to ride with Ry Morris. You  know him. Well, Andy Sims told me  there was a hideout here, so I headed  for it. Hope you don't mind.
49) 9) dialog: Wait a minute! If you don't believe  me, ask them... (indicates Baxter and  Hawley) ...they saw me and my pal in Turley  before we did the job.
49) 10) text: Baxter and Hawley peer at Emmett and nod to each other.
49) 13) text: Emmett crouches lower, looking nervously at the rocks.
49) 14) dialog: I'd get down if I were you. They may  be up there now.
49) 16) dialog: The money's in my saddlebags over  there, but I ain't stepping out to  get it.
49) 17) text: The outlaws, all of whom are standing in the open, think  he's crazy. Dawson motions Hawley toward Emmett's horse.  Hawley is almost there when gunfire erupts from the rocks above and Hawley goes down dead. Now all the outlaws hit dirt, some firing wildly. Paden unobtrusively frees his r Dawson comes down beside Emmett.
51) 0) text: ABOVE THE ENTRANCE to the box canyon the Sentinel disappe into the rocks, moving upward. AT THE CRATES. Down the line from Emmett, an outlaw gets  hit. The outlaws can't see anything to shoot at.
51) 1) dialog: (agitated) If we charge them, they won't have a  chance. But we gotta get to the  horses.
51) 3) text: Emmett jumps up. He yells to the other outlaws.
51) 4) dialog: Cover me!
52) 0) text: Mal, firing rapidly, follows Emmett's route with precisio
53) 0) text: Mal's shots kick up dust inches from Emmett's flying feet Once Emmett throws a glance upwards; Mal's cutting it pre close. Baxter slides in next to Dawson, who is thinking h
53) 3) text: AT THE WAGON. An outlaw is cowering beneath the wagon, bu doesn't notice as Paden reaches out and secures the latch the money box. AT THE HORSE PEN. Emmett throws open the make-shift gate runs in among the horses, yelling and waving his arms. Th horses begin to run out of the pen. AT THE CRATES. Dawson jumps up and orders his men forward line of outlaws rushes toward the pen, all the while firi up at the rim. Paden appears at a gallop from behind, pul Emmett's horse beside him. A rope stretches from his  saddlehorn to the strongbox bouncing along in the dirt. Paden comes through the line of outlaws firing and heads the pen. A few of the outlaws make the mistake of closing the gap and aiming at Paden's back. The bouncing strongbo knocks them head over heels. Emmett leaps from a rock onto his passing horse, firing b him. He and Paden go down the trail in the midst of the  outlaws' horses. The strongbox careens after them.
54) 0) text: Mal and Conrad, mounted; are waiting as Emmett and Paden  ride out of the mouth of the canyon. Beyond them, the out horses scatter toward the horizon. Paden jumps off his ho and picks up the strongbox. IN THE ROCKS ABOVE THEM the Sentinel from the outlaw camp positions himself to fire at the men below.
54) 1) dialog: (to Mal) That was some idea of yours. Next  time you go in.
54) 5) text: A SHOT rings out. Conrad takes it in the chest and flies his horse. Now an amazing sight -- Emmett, Paden, and Mal all turn and fire at once. The Sentinel is really dead.
55) 0) text: Below in the distance the wagon train moves across the de dwarfed by giant rock walls. Now, coming right PAST CAMER at a gallop ride Emmett, Paden, Mal, and Conrad's horse w his body slung over it.
57) 0) text: Mal, Emmett, and Jake lounge about a campfire within the  quiet circle of wagons. Emmett is whittling a whistle pip out of a stick.
57) 2) dialog: Where were you?
57) 7) dialog: Where you been?
57) 9) text: He concentrates on his coffee and moves away from the lig Mal, Emmett, and Jake exchange amused, knowing looks.
57) 11) text: Mal and Emmett laugh.
58) 7) text: Emmett rides up on Hannah's side and keeps pace beside th smiling at the sight of the couple.
58) 8) dialog: How you doing, m'am? Getting enough  help?
58) 11) dialog: Have you thought at all about your  plans?
59) 0) text: The wagon train splashes noisily across the river, driver yelling loudly to urge on their teams. Emmett, Paden, Mal and Jake, on horseback, direct the crossing.
60) 0) text: The wagon train is moving through pretty, rolling country Mal rides up to join Emmett and Paden on point ahead of t train. In his hand is a yellowed letter. He points off to the south where a dramatic half-dome of rock towers above the hills.
60) 3) dialog: Maybe we'll see you sometime.
61) 4) text: AT HANNAH'S WAGON. Emmett has brought his horse up to fac Hannah and, on horseback beside her wagon, Paden.
61) 5) dialog: Hope to see you again, m'am.
61) 8) dialog: I'll be around.
61) 12) text: The wagon train moves out along the right fork of the roa as Emmett and Jake, waving goodbye, ride straight ahead t town.
62) 0) text: Silverado is a sprawling, active, handsome frontier town, cattle center and supply station for the burgeoning silve mines to the west. Emmett and Jake ride into town.
64) 0) text: The land office is in the front of the first floor of the Hollis home, a separate, two-story structure on a side st Now we're looking down the porch as KATE HOLLIS embraces brothers, Emmett and Jake. Her big, bear-like, gentle hus J.T., comes out to add his greetings. After the laying on hands, the attention of all four is drawn to the doorway a figure we cannot yet see. Now he steps shyly into view: eleven-year-old AUGIE. Jake makes a show of shaking Augie's hand, man to man. Emmett  kneels to greet him at eye level; the boy's grown a lot i five years.
68) 0) text: The group is finishing dinner in the kitchen/sitting room the back of the ground floor. Augie is tooting the carved whistle pipe that Emmett has given him. Kate and Emmett b to clear the dishes as Jake and J.T. continue to sit.
68) 5) dialog: A man could die of thirst before  anybody offered him a drink around  here.
68) 7) dialog: Maybe you all ought to come to  California with Jake and me. (across the room) How 'bout it, Augie, you want to go  with us?
68) 14) dialog: Well, Kate, it was self-defense sure  enough, but I think you'd have to  say I killed old Murdo. I think that's  definitely the word.
68) 19) text: Emmett puts his arm around her.
68) 20) dialog: I think Jake here can take care of  himself. I did five years I didn't  owe. McKendrick ought to be satisfied  with that and let it lie.
77) 0) text: Only a few customers. Early light streams in over gamblin tables draped with dust covers. Stella is busy behind the bar. Paden and Emmett are nursing cups of coffee at a tab
77) 2) dialog: (doesn't follow) Yeah?
77) 4) dialog: (understands, but --) I'm going to California with my  brother.
77) 7) dialog: (shaking hands) Pleased to meet you, Sheriff.
77) 9) text: Cobb turns back to Emmett with an odd smile on his face.
77) 12) dialog: Didn't have much choice. He was about  to shoot my brother in the back.
77) 35) text: Stella rushes out to the street, as Emmett and Paden get Emmett and Cobb are very close for one moment.
78) 8) text: Emmett and Paden watch Cobb move down the street.
78) 9) dialog: You used to ride with that guy?
78) 10) text: Paden looks at Emmett, then down at Kelly.
82) 28) text: The two men turn to look at the dancing. It's a festive s all around: tables are laden with food near a large bonfi a few of the covered wagons are pulled up nearby, childre dart about before the pick-up band of musicians. Now we see, here among the sodbusters, whirling by with a comely lass, Jake, looking mighty slim without his double gunbelt. He and his partner glide by Emmett, who stands  shouting over the din with Hannah and Mr. and MRS. PARKER
82) 31) dialog: I wish you the best, Mrs. Parker.
82) 32) text: Mr. Parker twirls his wife off into the dance. Emmett and Hannah, a slightly awkward couple, stroll away from the m This is the first time Emmett has seemed less than certai
82) 33) dialog: The Parkers seem like nice folks.
82) 35) dialog: (after a few steps) Paden sends his best.
82) 37) text: Emmett smiles in agreement.
82) 39) dialog: I just came out to say goodbye.
82) 41) dialog: Yeah, me and Jake will be heading  out for California soon.
82) 44) dialog: That's why I'm here.
82) 48) dialog: You don't make it easy on a fellow.
82) 50) text: Emmett smiles at that and looks into her lovely eyes. Aft a long moment --
82) 52) dialog: Yeah... that must have been it.
82) 53) text: UP ON THE ROOF of the farmhouse, Carol is yelling and  gesturing to her oblivious father below, while her Friend stares frozen into the night. Jake is wiping his brow as he stands at the edge of the  dancers. He looks up at Carol quizzically. Only now do we hear it, over the din of the music: the TH of hooves. Out of the night, streaming around the farm  buildings, comes a horde of masked Cowboys, McKendrick's  men. They send up a horrible yell and begin firing their  weapons in the air. Their arrival is so sudden that the celebrants are frozen their places, mothers hugging children to them, men far f their weapons. There are SCREAMS. Emmett grabs a panicked child from the path of the horses and moves back, passing her to Hannah. He's trying to gau his response in the midst of all these innocents. Two Cowboys have roped opposite ends of a section of fenc and now pull the deadly drag, already thick with ravaged  corn, through the barnyard, knocking over everything in i path. Jake slides through the chaos toward his gunbelt, hung on peg on the barn wall. A Cowboy pulls the gate from the pigsty, and the pigs squ out. Another Cowboy begins shooting them with a Henry rif On the roof, Carol looks in horror at the death of her pr sow. Emmett is herding as many Settlers as he can toward the c of the barn. Bradley edges toward the door of his farmhouse. Hobart is urging some women between two wagons. A Cowboy  rides by and kicks him viciously. Hoyt pulls up, looks around, then gestures to some of his men. Two Cowboys with prepared torches in their hands rid up to the bonfire and swing low, lighting their firebrand One moves ahead toward the farmhouse, reins his horse, an heaves the torch high in the air toward the roof on which the two children perch. In the air, the tumbling flame suddenly explodes at the R of a shotgun. Sparks shower harmlessly to the ground. Bradley has shot it out of the air with one barrel of his shotgun. The blast has created a momentary, shocked lull the attack. Bradley looks wild. Emmett watches, fearful. His hand is on his gun. Hoyt looks at Bradley. Bradley swings the shotgun around  toward the other torch-bearer. The Cowboy who tossed the first torch shoots Bradley dead Carol screams. Emmett looks across the yard at Jake, who steps out from cowering homesteaders, a gun in each hand. Emmett draws a kills the man who shot Bradley. Now all the Settlers hit dirt. Jake fires from both hands repeatedly. One Cowboy dies an another takes it in the arm. The man who was shooting the pigs swings his rifle around toward Jake, and Emmett kill him with one shot. Hoyt reacts big to the presence of deadly wolves in the m of these sheep. He peers through the tumult, trying to se their faces. His Cowboys are shooting wildly into the cro now, but he rides through them, signalling a retreat. Emmett jumps from the top of a fence to the roof of the h the Henry rifle in his hand. He scrambles to the peak of roof, where the two children still cower. Bracing the rif on the chimney, he takes careful aim. Once... twice... he fires. One Cowboy dead, one wounded and fleeing. Hannah runs up to the riderless horse of a fallen Cowboy pulls a rifle from its scabbard. She cocks it and fires o at the retreating Cowboys. Jake mounts a horse Pony Expre style and rides out of the barnyard.
82) 57) text: Emmett's gaze is caught by something across the barnyard. Hannah follows his gaze. Mr. Parker stumbles out of the darkness at the side of th barn, sobbing. Hannah breaks from Emmett and rushes to Mr Parker. When she is beside him, she freezes, staring into the shadows. Emmett watches.
83) 8) text: Emmett steps off the sidewalk on the other side of the st and approaches the group, his eyes on McKendrick.
83) 9) dialog: Yeah, what's the problem?
83) 10) text: McKendrick turns at the sound of Emmett's voice. Somethin powerful flicks through his eyes, but not too many people would see it.
83) 12) dialog: McKendrick.
83) 13) text: Hoyt eyes Emmett, who seems familiar. Emmett looks at Swa in such a way that Swann releases the reins of the pinto.
83) 15) dialog: Did it seem short to you?
83) 16) text: McKendrick reacts to Emmett's tone.
83) 18) dialog: Sounds good.
83) 24) text: Now McKendrick understands. He avoids Emmett's gaze and s to Swann.
83) 26) dialog: Wait a minute. Get down off of there,  Augie.
83) 27) text: Augie hops down as Emmett takes the reins. Emmett gives A a look and a small nod, and the boy steps away. Emmett looks once again at the distinctive brand on the  pinto's flank, a circle with two wavy lines beneath it. N he leads the pinto around beside McKendrick's horse so he can see the brand on that animal. McKendrick has to twist his saddle to watch Emmett. The brands are the same. Emme looks up at McKendrick. Things are clear between them.
83) 28) dialog: The man who lost this horse must  have been working for you. I should  have known. But you changed your  brand, Ethan.
83) 31) text: Emmett lays the reins of the pinto across the front of  McKendrick's saddle, but they might just as well be a  gauntlet. McKendrick picks them up. He and his men move d the street. Emmett walks over and takes Augie beneath his arm. DOWN THE STREET. Hoyt rides close to McKendrick but looks back over his shoulder.
85) 0) text: Several of the Settlers' wagons are here, guarded by vigi armed men. Their attitude has become more wary, siege-lik Parker climbs onto a wagon. Hannah is about to follow whe Emmett approaches with Augie, who runs off around the hou Several of the Settlers greet Emmett warmly. Emmett looks closely at Hannah's face.
85) 1) dialog: Are you all right?
85) 3) dialog: You must have known that before you  came.
85) 7) dialog: How's Mr. Parker doing?
85) 9) text: Emmett looks her over. He's not liking her any less.
89) 0) text: We move along the burnished barrel of the old Henry .44 r to Emmett's eye, sighting along its length. Now we see his target. In the distance is a small cactus  plant. Emmett squeezes off a shot. The cactus does not mo He aims again and fires quickly. Again, nothing at the ca AT THE CACTUS. Now we're right behind the target plant, E in the distance. When he fires, a thin needle at the top  edge of the plant is blown away, the bullet leaving a sha trough in the green skin. He fires again, and the next ne disappears. Now there are four troughs. He's been hitting from the start. Emmett lowers the rifle, walks back to his horse tied nea and leaves the rifle, then moves away from the horse agai He stops, looking at a can in the dust fifty feet away. H shakes the fingers of his gun hand once, then very quickl he draws his Colt and fires. The can jumps into the air.  While it is still moving, Emmett holsters the gun, releas it, then draws again and fires. As the can jumps once mor Emmett repeats the action. Six times he draws. The can do stop moving until after the last shot. The horrible NOISE echoes away as Emmett holds the empty before him. From behind a rock ahead of him, Deputy Garth appears.
89) 2) text: Emmett immediately begins to bolt toward his horse. A las settles around his arms and whips him viciously backwards In a second he is back on his feet and running like a bul toward Deputy Kyle, who has stepped from the brush to thr the rope. Immediately a second lasso catches Emmett from other side and pulls taut. A deputy on horseback, CHARLIE has roped him. Charlie and Kyle pull their ropes, yanking Emmett onto his back. Now appearing around a bend in the arroyo is Tyree, a nas glint in his eye. He rides hard directly toward Emmett. E watches the pounding hooves approach. He struggles but ca move. Tyree's horse thunders over him, one hoof catching side with a sickening THUD. Emmett writhes in agony. Tyree turns his horse and heads back. Kyle pulls harder o his rope. Tyree rides over Emmett again, but we can't see the damage for the dust. Tyree walks his horse over and l down, as Garth, Kyle, and Charlie converge. Emmett's head is bleeding, his body crumpled. But he look up at them through pain-squinted eyes.
89) 9) text: He starts to lower the muzzle toward Emmett. There is the echoing CRACK of a shot and the gun flies from Garth's  shattered hand. Mal stands on a rock above them, his rifle pointed.
90) 0) text: Mal comes into view, leading a motley remuda. Emmett is t onto his horse, unconscious. The four deputies' riderless horses are strung along behind. All their guns have been  tied on Emmett's horse. Now Mal releases the extra horses and shoos them away. He leads Emmett's horse up the trail into the hills.
91) 0) text: Emmett and Mal's horses are tied near the entrance.
92) 0) text: Mal has tended to Emmett's head wound and now binds a lar ugly bruise on his ribs. Emmett, half-conscious, writhes pain, and now his eyes flicker open. Confused, he makes a futile attempt to rise.
92) 1) dialog: ...Gotta go...
92) 3) text: Emmett passes out again.
94) 0) text: Emmett lies sleeping in the flickering light of the fire. Mal sits nearby, his Henry rifle lying at his feet. He is examining the Henry that Emmett had at the arroyo. Emmett wakes up, wincing.
94) 1) dialog: Where are we?
94) 3) text: Emmett's look makes it clear -- "bad".
94) 4) dialog: I'd be worse if you hadn't come along.
94) 6) dialog: That's it.
94) 9) dialog: (looks at him a moment) I'm sorry.
94) 10) text: Emmett tries to move his pain-racked body.
94) 11) dialog: I gotta get to my brother. If they  came after me, they'll want him too.
94) 13) dialog: (still trying) Have to.
94) 14) text: Mal reaches out with a strong hand and eases Emmett back  down.
94) 16) dialog: (after a long look) Be careful. You're in it now. And  it's gonna get mean.
119) 0) text: The low fire illuminates Emmett, who is sitting on the ha He is sweating badly and seems to be concentrating on som rigorous task. Now we see what it is -- to stand up. He  struggles to his feet, wincing in pain, his hand steadyin against the rock. When he is upright, he tries to clear h head and finally lets go of the wall. For a moment he see all right. Then, suddenly, he drops heavily back to the f The fall sends more pain shooting through his ribs. He's  going nowhere.
129) 0) text: Emmett works by the light of the fire, checking one of th guns taken from the deputies. He hears something we do no but continues to work for a few moments more. Now we hear it: an approaching rider. Emmett stands up gingerly and m painfully back into the shadows. He is much improved but  still tentative. Mal comes into the cave carrying his Henry rifle. Emmett  reappears, lowering his gun.
129) 1) dialog: I didn't think you were going to  make it back.
129) 4) dialog: (reacts to Mal's  condition) Where's Jake?
129) 6) dialog: Is he alive?
129) 7) text: Mal indicates that he doesn't know. Emmett accepts that a picks up his gunbelt.
129) 9) text: Emmett looks up, waiting.
129) 11) text: Emmett feels real pain.
129) 12) dialog: Kate?
129) 14) text: Emmett lets this all sink in. And then his face and body  begin to transform. All the pain is swept away in a surgi current of vengeful energy. The MUSIC begins to build, as Emmett moves with eerie deliberateness to arm himself. He picks up one of the extra gunbelts and loops it over his  shoulder. Mal slides into his bandolier. Emmett indicates the gunbe remaining on the floor.
129) 15) dialog: Want one of these?
141) 0) text: Emmett and Mal ride side by side. Relentless. You wouldn' want to be the people they're going to visit. Now a solitary rider appears on the ridge above them, mov the same way. Mal notices him first, then Emmett. It is P and now he is sloping down to join them. He moves in alongside them. They exchange looks. Then all three look ahead. Where they are going.
146) 2) text: ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy tear toward the  oncoming cattle. They fire their guns repeatedly in the a trying to turn the herd. AT THE CORRAL. Scruffy runs across from the casa grande a joins other Cowboys trying to saddle and mount panicked  horses. Scruffy's horse rears and breaks away from him. ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy are closing with t dust-enshrouded herd, still firing their guns. Suddenly,  from the cloud, there are answering shots. The Sentry Cow is shot dead off his horse. Emerging like a spirit from the dust at the edge of the h comes Emmett, six-gun in hand. On the other side of the herd, Paden's form materializes. aims his Winchester and fires. Red's horse rears. Red goe down and the herd pounds over him. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt comes out the door, buckling on hi gunbelt. He looks at the on-rushing stampede, then toward the corral where several Cowboys are swinging up on their horses. Suddenly, there is gunfire from the roof of the  bunkhouse above Hoyt. One of the Cowboys in the corral go down. Another draws his gun and lifts it toward the bunkh but is shot before he can fire. The other Cowboys head fo cover. Hoyt stops some men who are coming out the door be him, and edges out to try to locate the source of the fir ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick comes out of the casa grande a runs to the corner of the veranda nearest the rise. He ta in the stampede, which is almost upon them now, then hear gunfire to his right. He looks back there and sees Mal on the bunkhouse roof, above Hoyt and firing from the protec of the raised rim. Now Mal swings his rifle around toward McKendrick. McKendrick jumps around the corner of the hou as the wall where he was standing takes a hit. SERIES OF SHOTS. The stampede hits the ranch. The herd sp the mass of cattle heading between the casa grande and th bunkhouse/corral area; the rest go around behind the casa grande. They take down everything in their way. Fences fa holding pens are destroyed, horses run free, and Cowboys  scramble away from the deadly current of rampaging cattle NEAR THE BARN. Paden pulls up on the edge of the flow and fires repeatedly at the Cowboys scrambling for safety. Sw is among those hit. BEHIND THE CASA GRANDE. Emmett pulls his horse out of the flow, protected by the building, then dismounts, ties the horse, and runs up to the back door of the house. He thro away the empty, extra six-gun in his hand as he looks  carefully inside. He draws his own gun and goes in. NEAR THE BARN. Paden is coming under increasing fire from the bunkhouse as the cattle thin. He rides into the barn the end of the corral. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt directs some of his men, including Scruffy, to work their way along under the eaves of the  bunkhouse and go after Paden. Hoyt glances upward toward sound of Mal's rifle.
147) 0) text: Emmett works his way carefully down the central hall, gun ready. He looks up the main staircase, sees nothing, and  edges forward. At the top of the stairs behind him, the  Watching Cowboy jumps into view. Emmett spins and ducks a the Watching Cowboy fires. The finial splinters. Emmett's shot follows immediately. The Watching Cowboy is hit and  tumbles the full length of the stairs, dead.
149) 0) text: Emmett moves away from the stairwell and cautiously round corner, focused on an open bedroom door up ahead. Suddenl the Guard Cowboy steps boldly into view in that doorway, raised, using Augie as a shield. Emmett cannot fire. He d back around the corner as the Guard Cowboy gets off a sho Seeing his miss, the Guard Cowboy slams closed the bedroo door and locks it. Instantly Emmett is running that way. He flies into the  bedroom next door.
150) 0) text: The Guard Cowboy has backed against the wall, gun raised  toward the door. Augie is still clutched to his chest. The window overlooking the roof of the veranda implodes a Emmett arrives in a shower of glass. The stunned Guard Co spins, opening an angle between himself and Augie. Emmett doesn't need much. He fires before he stops rolling. The  Guard Cowboy falls back against the wall.
152) 0) text: Augie is trembling in Emmett's arms. Emmett soothes him,  then looks into his tear-stained face.
152) 1) dialog: Augie, where's Jake?
152) 3) text: Emmett reacts to this hard news.
152) 5) text: Slowly a peculiar twinkle grows in Emmett's eyes.
152) 6) dialog: They hung him?
157) 1) dialog: Jake!?!
157) 2) text: Jake looks up with a grin. Emmett has Augie out on the ro of the veranda. They are pleased in the extreme at the si of Jake. Jake brings his horse beneath them and gestures Augie. Augie swallows hard once, strides twice, and leaps out, d and onto the bare back of the pinto behind Jake. Paden comes riding up with Emmett's horse in tow. Emmett  moves to the edge of the veranda roof and drops into his  saddle. He winces, his ribs throbbing. They turn their ho away from the ranch and head out.
164) 0) text: The four horsemen and the boy pull up near the cemetery a look down at Silverado. Jake lowers Augie to the ground.  Emmett hands him a blanket and speaks down to him.
164) 1) dialog: Stay here till we get back. Don't  come in.
164) 3) dialog: (to them all) I'll see you around.
164) 6) text: Jake kicks the bare-back into motion and tears off direct toward town. Emmett heads off to the left. Paden begins t move after Jake, but slower. Mal stops him with --
177) 0) text: Emmett rides slowly down the street, his Winchester held  ready on his thigh. His eyes continually scan the buildin and alleyways. He slowly rounds a corner. Way behind him, off his right shoulder, McKendrick has br his horse to a stop between two buildings and is carefull aiming at Emmett's back with his Winchester. Now he pulls the hammer back with a CLICK. Emmett hears it and twists in the saddle as McKendrick fi The shot is good, but Emmett's Winchester takes the hit a jumps in his hand. He levels it at McKendrick, cocks the  hammer, and squeezes the trigger. Nothing. He tries to wo the lever as McKendrick fires again. Emmett's rifle is  useless. He throws it away and draws his Colt, firing twi Emmett's bullets hit close to McKendrick. His horse shies McKendrick turns his horse and rides behind a building. SERIES OF SHOTS. Emmett chases after McKendrick along a  parallel street. Each man prepares to fire as they reach intermittent spaces between buildings. McKendrick gets a  clear shot and fires twice. Emmett rides around a buildin and speeds toward McKendrick's path. He comes into the op ready to fire, but McKendrick is heading off down an alle Rather than follow, Emmett moves to cut him off.
178) 0) text: McKendrick has pulled up behind a barn. When Emmett comes into view, McKendrick fires twice, then spurs his horse b into town. Emmett squeezes off one carefully aimed shot,  just missing McKendrick before he disappears.
180) 0) text: McKendrick comes out of an alley and tears toward the  intersection which Dusty commands from the roof of the ho porch. McKendrick waves his rifle at Dusty and rounds the corner of the hotel. Now Emmett comes out of the alley in pursuit. He slows a since McKendrick is no longer in sight. As he moves down block toward the hotel intersection, he looks into the lo yard of the feed warehouse, which forms a cul-de-sac on h left. Now Dusty opens fire from the protection of the hotel sig Bullets kick up dirt around Emmett, but instead of retrea he slings himself Indian-fashion down along the protected side of his horse, and rides toward the sign. Emmett aims over the mane and fires: once, twice, through the sign. Dusty rises, hit, and Emmett kills him with a t shot. Dusty crashes through the sign to fall to the stree Emmett has just straightened in his saddle and snapped op the loading gate of his empty Colt, when McKendrick opens from where he has reappeared down the street. Emmett is h in the thigh. For one long second there is perfect clarity between the  men. Emmett's eyes stare from his pain-contorted countena at his adversary. McKendrick hesitates only a breath to l at Emmett before raising the rifle and charging. Emmett wheels his horse and painfully spurs it back down block. As McKendrick's fire hits around him, Emmett turns into the nearest cover -- the loading yard of the feed  warehouse. McKendrick rides toward the mouth of the loading yard wit all he's got. He can't let Emmett reload. The glint of vi is in his eyes as he draws near the loading yard. He raises his rifle in preparation for the coming clear s at his trapped enemy. As his horse begins to pass in fron of the loading yard, we hear a terrible RUMBLE OF HOOFBEA on wood. McKendrick's expression changes to horror. Emmett has ridden onto the loading dock of the warehouse charged toward this end. Now he jumps his horse straight into the air over McKendrick's horse. The hooves of Emmet horse catch McKendrick full force with a HORRIBLE SOUND. Emmett's horse lands on its feet, but just barely. From a cloud of dust Emmett watches McKendrick's horse race on,  riderless. Its master is a still shape in the dirt.
184) 0) text: Four shot glasses sparkle in a line on the bar. A bottle the good stuff is used to fill them. Stella is pouring the drinks from behind the bar. Now the glasses are lifted by Mal, Jake, Paden, and Emmett. Stell holds up the bottle and proposes a toast --
184) 3) dialog: Gotta go.
184) 5) text: The four men move toward the door as Stella walks down he ramp. Emmett walks with a slight limp.
185) 0) text: Phoebe stands on the porch talking across to Rae, much  recovered, who sits on the seat of a wagon heavily loaded with farming supplies. Rae wears a simple dress and looks quite different. The men come out onto the porch. Emmett shakes Mal's hand and watches him climb onto the wagon. Mal gets the wagon  going, and the other wave. Jake has slipped his arm around Phoebe's waist. Now he tu her into his arms for a big kiss. Emmett is watching Mal and Rae roll away when a woman's h touches his back. He turns to find Hannah looking up at h Paden watches from nearby.
185) 2) dialog: I already did that.
185) 4) dialog: That I do.
185) 5) text: They look at each other. She kisses him and steps back. W Emmett looks up from her, Paden is watching him with an a look. The two men shake hands. Emmett and Jake mount up.
185) 7) text: Paden gives him a nod. Kate and Augie roll up in a buggy. the back seat, a blanket across his legs, sits J.T. They  wait for the brothers. Augie drives for his recovering mo Stella comes out and stands by Phoebe. Hannah is now standing next to Paden. Emmett looks at the as though they were a couple.
185) 8) dialog: (to Paden) You might make a farmer yet.
185) 10) text: He puts his arm against the post, and his coat is drawn b to reveal the shiny sheriff's badge on his vest. Emmett touches the brim of his hat and turns his horse aw He and Jake flank the buggy and head off.
186) 0) text: Emmett and Jake take turns leaning down from their saddle to kiss Kate and Augie and shake hands with J.T.
186) 1) dialog: (to Augie) Take care of your folks.