18) 0) text: Near the corrals at the end of the main street of the sma town of Turley, a small WAGON TRAIN is loosely formed up, waiting. The settlers from the wagon train mill about. Se regard Emmett and Paden with unusual interest as they rid by on their way into town. One of the Settlers is a lovely young woman. She glances the two men, then returns her attention to her wagon. Bot Emmett and Paden notice her. She is HANNAH.
46) 13) text: Paden looks around. His gaze falls on Hannah, somber now, but still lovely. Conrad, her husband, stands beside her. Mal has been watching a little girl cling to the leg of o of the Settler men who is going out on the chase. Now the black man quietly mounts his horse, and speaks to an olde solid-looking man, MR. PARKER, standing by his wife.
46) 20) text: He steals a look at Hannah as he mounts up. Emmett has wa all this with growing resignation. Now he speaks crisply, all business.
46) 29) text: As Conrad moves toward his horse, Paden looks at Hannah, standing all alone. Paden thinks he acted too quickly.
46) 31) text: Paden reacts to Emmett's interest in Hannah.
46) 34) text: Emmett smiles and snaps his reins, moving out with Mal.  Reluctantly, Paden follows, twisting around for a last gl of Hannah. WHAT HE SEES. Hannah moves toward Conrad's horse, as if t touch her husband. But Conrad, his face set in suspicion, barely nods farewell as he sweeps by her. She looks after him desolately. Mal, Paden, Emmett, and Conrad ride off to the north, as  Jake begins yelling orders to the Settlers to get things  moving. What he lacks in expertise, he makes up for in  enthusiasm.
56) 0) text: Hannah sits alone on the high seat of her wagon. She is  unaware that behind her the four horses approach. And tha her husband is dead.
58) 0) text: SERIES OF SHOTS as the wagon train rolls westward. Paden is driving Hannah's wagon; she sits beside him on t seat.
58) 2) dialog: I don't believe in luck. I know what  Conrad was like. Don't tell me what  you think I want to hear.
58) 4) dialog: We got married just before this trip,  so we could come out here and try  the land. It's hard to find a man  willing to take on a life like that.
58) 6) dialog: Love isn't the only important thing.
58) 7) text: Emmett rides up on Hannah's side and keeps pace beside th smiling at the sight of the couple.
58) 9) text: Hannah, caught between the two men, smiles.
58) 10) dialog: More than enough.
58) 12) dialog: Some. I've been talking to the  Parkers. One thing I know I'm not  doing -- I'm not going back.
61) 4) text: AT HANNAH'S WAGON. Emmett has brought his horse up to fac Hannah and, on horseback beside her wagon, Paden.
66) 2) dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Parker have agreed to  join their parcel to mine. We'll  work them together. (she points) Mine starts right over there. It's  all I've ever wanted. Pretty land,  isn't it?
66) 5) dialog: A lot of men have told me that. Maybe  it's true. I guess some women are  slow to believe it.
66) 7) dialog: They're drawn to me by that. But it  never lasts.
66) 9) dialog: Because they don't like what I want.
66) 11) dialog: (turns back toward  her view) I want to build something, make things  grow. That takes hard work -- a  lifetime of it. That's not why men  come to a pretty woman.
66) 13) dialog: After a while, I won't be so pretty.  But this land will be.
66) 16) text: Hannah laughs with him.
82) 28) text: The two men turn to look at the dancing. It's a festive s all around: tables are laden with food near a large bonfi a few of the covered wagons are pulled up nearby, childre dart about before the pick-up band of musicians. Now we see, here among the sodbusters, whirling by with a comely lass, Jake, looking mighty slim without his double gunbelt. He and his partner glide by Emmett, who stands  shouting over the din with Hannah and Mr. and MRS. PARKER
82) 32) text: Mr. Parker twirls his wife off into the dance. Emmett and Hannah, a slightly awkward couple, stroll away from the m This is the first time Emmett has seemed less than certai
82) 34) dialog: They've been kind to me.
82) 36) dialog: (smiles) I guess I put a good scare into him.
82) 38) dialog: I'm surprised to see you out here  tonight.
82) 40) dialog: (stopped) Goodbye?
82) 42) text: Hannah is silent for a moment. She sits down at one of th tables and looks at him. For the first time there is a  softness in her voice.
82) 43) dialog: You came all the way out here to  tell me you're going to California?  All you had to do was go, and we'd  never see each other again.
82) 46) dialog: Why?
82) 49) dialog: Didn't Paden tell you that?
82) 51) dialog: Maybe you thought you'd be back this  way someday.
82) 53) text: UP ON THE ROOF of the farmhouse, Carol is yelling and  gesturing to her oblivious father below, while her Friend stares frozen into the night. Jake is wiping his brow as he stands at the edge of the  dancers. He looks up at Carol quizzically. Only now do we hear it, over the din of the music: the TH of hooves. Out of the night, streaming around the farm  buildings, comes a horde of masked Cowboys, McKendrick's  men. They send up a horrible yell and begin firing their  weapons in the air. Their arrival is so sudden that the celebrants are frozen their places, mothers hugging children to them, men far f their weapons. There are SCREAMS. Emmett grabs a panicked child from the path of the horses and moves back, passing her to Hannah. He's trying to gau his response in the midst of all these innocents. Two Cowboys have roped opposite ends of a section of fenc and now pull the deadly drag, already thick with ravaged  corn, through the barnyard, knocking over everything in i path. Jake slides through the chaos toward his gunbelt, hung on peg on the barn wall. A Cowboy pulls the gate from the pigsty, and the pigs squ out. Another Cowboy begins shooting them with a Henry rif On the roof, Carol looks in horror at the death of her pr sow. Emmett is herding as many Settlers as he can toward the c of the barn. Bradley edges toward the door of his farmhouse. Hobart is urging some women between two wagons. A Cowboy  rides by and kicks him viciously. Hoyt pulls up, looks around, then gestures to some of his men. Two Cowboys with prepared torches in their hands rid up to the bonfire and swing low, lighting their firebrand One moves ahead toward the farmhouse, reins his horse, an heaves the torch high in the air toward the roof on which the two children perch. In the air, the tumbling flame suddenly explodes at the R of a shotgun. Sparks shower harmlessly to the ground. Bradley has shot it out of the air with one barrel of his shotgun. The blast has created a momentary, shocked lull the attack. Bradley looks wild. Emmett watches, fearful. His hand is on his gun. Hoyt looks at Bradley. Bradley swings the shotgun around  toward the other torch-bearer. The Cowboy who tossed the first torch shoots Bradley dead Carol screams. Emmett looks across the yard at Jake, who steps out from cowering homesteaders, a gun in each hand. Emmett draws a kills the man who shot Bradley. Now all the Settlers hit dirt. Jake fires from both hands repeatedly. One Cowboy dies an another takes it in the arm. The man who was shooting the pigs swings his rifle around toward Jake, and Emmett kill him with one shot. Hoyt reacts big to the presence of deadly wolves in the m of these sheep. He peers through the tumult, trying to se their faces. His Cowboys are shooting wildly into the cro now, but he rides through them, signalling a retreat. Emmett jumps from the top of a fence to the roof of the h the Henry rifle in his hand. He scrambles to the peak of roof, where the two children still cower. Bracing the rif on the chimney, he takes careful aim. Once... twice... he fires. One Cowboy dead, one wounded and fleeing. Hannah runs up to the riderless horse of a fallen Cowboy pulls a rifle from its scabbard. She cocks it and fires o at the retreating Cowboys. Jake mounts a horse Pony Expre style and rides out of the barnyard.
82) 57) text: Emmett's gaze is caught by something across the barnyard. Hannah follows his gaze. Mr. Parker stumbles out of the darkness at the side of th barn, sobbing. Hannah breaks from Emmett and rushes to Mr Parker. When she is beside him, she freezes, staring into the shadows. Emmett watches.
84) 0) text: J.T. supervises the newly-arrived Settlers as they file t homestead claims. There is a battle-weary but resolved ai to the group after the night attack. They are going to st it out. The last step in the filing process is to sign in large register. Mr. Parker signs and moves away. Hannah s up for her turn. Her face is a little harder today, but h hand is steady.
85) 0) text: Several of the Settlers' wagons are here, guarded by vigi armed men. Their attitude has become more wary, siege-lik Parker climbs onto a wagon. Hannah is about to follow whe Emmett approaches with Augie, who runs off around the hou Several of the Settlers greet Emmett warmly. Emmett looks closely at Hannah's face.
85) 2) dialog: This is a brutal land.
85) 4) dialog: It's one thing to know it...
85) 6) dialog: We told Sheriff Cobb about the attack. (with an edge) He said he'd... look into it. (Emmett understands) I can't believe he's the law out  here. Now I see why you all wear  guns.
85) 8) dialog: Just like you'd think. But he's not  going to run. We're sticking to our  plan. Now we both need help.
185) 0) text: Phoebe stands on the porch talking across to Rae, much  recovered, who sits on the seat of a wagon heavily loaded with farming supplies. Rae wears a simple dress and looks quite different. The men come out onto the porch. Emmett shakes Mal's hand and watches him climb onto the wagon. Mal gets the wagon  going, and the other wave. Jake has slipped his arm around Phoebe's waist. Now he tu her into his arms for a big kiss. Emmett is watching Mal and Rae roll away when a woman's h touches his back. He turns to find Hannah looking up at h Paden watches from nearby.
185) 1) dialog: Weren't you going to come out to say  good-bye?
185) 3) dialog: This time you're really going? (he nods) You know where I'll be.
185) 7) text: Paden gives him a nod. Kate and Augie roll up in a buggy. the back seat, a blanket across his legs, sits J.T. They  wait for the brothers. Augie drives for his recovering mo Stella comes out and stands by Phoebe. Hannah is now standing next to Paden. Emmett looks at the as though they were a couple.