20) 0) text: This is the busy part of town. Amidst the street traffic pedestrians sits a wagon with three Settler men, who watc Emmett and Paden's arrival with enormous interest. As the two travelers hitch their horses in front of the saloon, oldest man, HOBART, approaches them with some agitation.
20) 1) dialog: (yelling) Baxter, Hawley, where the hell have  you been? You're late! And I'll tell  you, I don't like it. It's a bad  start, boys.
20) 3) dialog: I've got my people sitting down  there... (indicates end of  street) ...swatting flies and raring to go.
20) 5) dialog: You're not Baxter?
20) 7) dialog: (to Paden) And you're not Baxter, either?
20) 9) dialog: Well, god-dammit! God-dammit!
20) 10) text: Hobart turns and looks across to the other Settler men. H yells.
20) 11) dialog: They ain't Baxter and Hawley! Where  the hell are Baxter and Hawley!
20) 14) text: Hobart looks around to find two tough-looking men on hors back behind him -- BAXTER and HAWLEY.
20) 15) dialog: Who you calling an old man?
20) 18) text: Hobart takes his hand grudgingly. He's glad they showed u
20) 19) dialog: (gruff) You're late. It's a bad start, boys.
20) 22) dialog: All right. Let's get going.
20) 24) dialog: (remembering, impatient) I remember, I remember. C'mere.
20) 25) text: Hobart, Baxter, and Hawley move to the wagon, where the t other Settlers wait. The younger of the two, CONRAD, eyes the guides suspiciously. Hobart speaks to the third man, huge, bearded fellow called EB. Eb sits upon a strongbox the bed of the wagon, an awesome blunderbuss in his arms.
20) 26) dialog: Open the box, Eb.
20) 27) text: Eb stands, unlatches the strongbox, and opens it, reveali an impressive cache of coins and paper money. Hobart extr a pouch of coins and hands it to Baxter, who pockets it.
46) 0) text: The Settlers are clustered near a wagon as the four horse ride down on them. There is a tense silence as they dismo and approach the group. Hobart, the leader, steps forward meet them. After a long perusal --
46) 1) dialog: (calling) It's okay, Zeke.
46) 4) dialog: This is where Baxter and Hawley brung  us.
46) 6) dialog: And they were two of them. Look --
46) 8) dialog: Baxter and Hawley killed poor Eb  here and stole our money box. (gestures) They went north and we're going after  them.
46) 12) dialog: We got no life in Silverado without  that money. Everybody put in, that's  our whole stake.
46) 22) text: Jake is disappointed, but nods agreement. Emmett turns to Hobart and the Settler posse.
46) 27) dialog: (to Emmett) I'm trusting you, mister.
61) 0) text: A buckboard with a man and a young girl in it is stopped the fork, its two occupants standing up and waving excite As the wagon train pulls to a halt, Hobart climbs down fr the lead wagon and is embraced by the homesteader from th buckboard, BRADLEY. Bradley points off along the right fork of the road as he speaks to Hobart.
61) 9) text: AT THE LEAD WAGON. Hobart has what might be tears in his  eyes as he picks up the reins and looks at the countrysid
61) 10) dialog: I feel like I've arrived in Canaan.
82) 27) dialog: Might do them some good, Daniel. I  wasn't worth a damn until I fell off  the barn on my head.
82) 53) text: UP ON THE ROOF of the farmhouse, Carol is yelling and  gesturing to her oblivious father below, while her Friend stares frozen into the night. Jake is wiping his brow as he stands at the edge of the  dancers. He looks up at Carol quizzically. Only now do we hear it, over the din of the music: the TH of hooves. Out of the night, streaming around the farm  buildings, comes a horde of masked Cowboys, McKendrick's  men. They send up a horrible yell and begin firing their  weapons in the air. Their arrival is so sudden that the celebrants are frozen their places, mothers hugging children to them, men far f their weapons. There are SCREAMS. Emmett grabs a panicked child from the path of the horses and moves back, passing her to Hannah. He's trying to gau his response in the midst of all these innocents. Two Cowboys have roped opposite ends of a section of fenc and now pull the deadly drag, already thick with ravaged  corn, through the barnyard, knocking over everything in i path. Jake slides through the chaos toward his gunbelt, hung on peg on the barn wall. A Cowboy pulls the gate from the pigsty, and the pigs squ out. Another Cowboy begins shooting them with a Henry rif On the roof, Carol looks in horror at the death of her pr sow. Emmett is herding as many Settlers as he can toward the c of the barn. Bradley edges toward the door of his farmhouse. Hobart is urging some women between two wagons. A Cowboy  rides by and kicks him viciously. Hoyt pulls up, looks around, then gestures to some of his men. Two Cowboys with prepared torches in their hands rid up to the bonfire and swing low, lighting their firebrand One moves ahead toward the farmhouse, reins his horse, an heaves the torch high in the air toward the roof on which the two children perch. In the air, the tumbling flame suddenly explodes at the R of a shotgun. Sparks shower harmlessly to the ground. Bradley has shot it out of the air with one barrel of his shotgun. The blast has created a momentary, shocked lull the attack. Bradley looks wild. Emmett watches, fearful. His hand is on his gun. Hoyt looks at Bradley. Bradley swings the shotgun around  toward the other torch-bearer. The Cowboy who tossed the first torch shoots Bradley dead Carol screams. Emmett looks across the yard at Jake, who steps out from cowering homesteaders, a gun in each hand. Emmett draws a kills the man who shot Bradley. Now all the Settlers hit dirt. Jake fires from both hands repeatedly. One Cowboy dies an another takes it in the arm. The man who was shooting the pigs swings his rifle around toward Jake, and Emmett kill him with one shot. Hoyt reacts big to the presence of deadly wolves in the m of these sheep. He peers through the tumult, trying to se their faces. His Cowboys are shooting wildly into the cro now, but he rides through them, signalling a retreat. Emmett jumps from the top of a fence to the roof of the h the Henry rifle in his hand. He scrambles to the peak of roof, where the two children still cower. Bracing the rif on the chimney, he takes careful aim. Once... twice... he fires. One Cowboy dead, one wounded and fleeing. Hannah runs up to the riderless horse of a fallen Cowboy pulls a rifle from its scabbard. She cocks it and fires o at the retreating Cowboys. Jake mounts a horse Pony Expre style and rides out of the barnyard.